When you meet someone special... you'll know. Your heart will beat more rapidly and you'll smile for no reason.
The new sundrop commercial ...hehe love at first sight
#OccupyMadison GA: "I always considered myself a liberal until I saw the liberal machine in action. It was ugly."
got to fa the one time one time and nope that shit stressede the hell out boa
Sorry for the technical difficulties tonight guys. One day soon we'll have proper working equipment!
RT probably a defense mechanism against dissonance from viewing oneself as civilized while acting savage/barbaric toward others.
I love all your CB tweets. It's like reading myself tweet. We agree on so much! Seriously can't wait for S6.
omfg Raven and Hilary are my favorite Disney stars. I had a feeling!
nice photo! Glad you were there, it was a great event.
Enjoyed my evening...
I wonder what actually thinks about all the trending topics about them. Shirtless Niall #replace1Dsongswithlouisass seriously
Tyga - Faded feat Lil Wayne: via
eat lots of pasta - always works for me :-) - have a great day!
One Directions starts on their second album tomorrow!
So u love norwegian girls? ;; Well, then you love me <3
Today was fucking great. Now off to my wonderful fucking job.
Success is doing ordinary things extraordinarily well.
Default Picture by T-Pain
FOLLOW THEY FOLLOW BACK GO GO GO!!
Of course (: Thank you. (:
From my dell laptop's connectivity challenges to charger malfunctions, I'm considering spiking my coffee...ugh!!
Today, was a good day.
When you going to open a place in the Mid-Cities? Don't get to Greenville much anymore.
And she'll never fucking know that, these eyes that in staring at
Love it!
He won't tell me his name
yai saw that one too. awesome!
Being Ignorant is not an attractive feature on anyone
and during Diane Sawyer's impassioned tribute to Mr. Schafly - she called him Herbert though her prompter said Hubert. #doh!
California i MISS YOU! Ill be back son :)
haha same here
Eddie Redmayne for Burberry...it cant get better
RYAN MY BABY HITS A HR> #Braun that's #3 this year. 9th RBI. I LOVE YOU MAN
In angst, I thought about giving up cereal for 1 second, but I love it too much. Gotta count on the Gonzaga Bulldogs now!
A friend doesn't go on a diet because you are fat
Well put. RT : If you're going to be original, be prepared to be copied.
Oh I just found out today about it. I wish I would have known earlier to get a ticket. Looks cool!
I love being in the 160-180 BPM range :) SO MUCH FUN!
can't wait to meet July 9th :3
we're you the smart girl in class? If so you would have hated me. He sleeps through class and gets an "A" WTF!
Thank you for the mid week hello!
Sharing ideas at #upstream2012: Seek opportunities to implement programs and use of apps at existing school gatherings.
Hoorah!! All hail the Rae!! :-D!
when are you playing at dim mak?
Never thought I'd see a video like this come from you. I really like the message a lot, love to sit and chat more about it.
Just found out I'm #6 on the Country Chart for Wausau, Wisconsin! Woo!
You're welcome ! We hope you enjoy our sushi and Asian Fusion cuisine.
yes, went to Valencia. Beautiful place. would def go again, just working my way thru pile of paperwork and washing.. boo!
At tha studio listen to music from up an coming artist djdj he only like 14 Atlanta always has fresh young talent
you don't even know.
yayayaya i got sum fah you woodie! I just hope u b in atlanta by den lol :)
Need help #promotingyourwebsite? Come see what we have to offer.
My mom listens to The EP more than I do. She even memorized Glad You Came & Chasing The Sun. The things you boys can do. :)
just vote for her :D
If you scratch your back you need to scratch mine:3
My cat always needs to sleep right where I am working.
": NATIONAL CLEAVAGE DAY" r u serious?
everyone please follow my dear buddy > she is very talented, sweet, cool, and fun to chat with
Finally a day off tomorrow. Thank Jesus.
evidence which contradicts their theory. for example it has been released in the press that he was on phone with his girlfriend
wait. I thought you just got a Twitter so i go to ur page expecting 4 tweets.... Nope. Over 15K..
i'm so sorry. i can't relate at all. but i'm just sorry you're hurt bc of it. =( *big squeezy hug*
you know whats cool? You dont follow me! :D Haha just kidding! Not cool :( So you should follow me (; Just saying :D
No i think it got zero dislikes :p
sounds like it.
So true!
We're rockn' the animal print today! Woohoo!
Tired af! Can't wait till June 13th
Moving to California? I don't understand your question.
thank you!!
maybe we'll get new uni's for every game like Oregon does!
Ed Hardy and douchebaggery not dead in Vegas.
hahaha. I have moves like jagger. Wait no... what are the moves of jagger?
So it was Jerry Tipton's 10th year at the Herald Leader?
I'll tweet to all my Packer followers tomorrow during peak Twitter hours lol.
wtf?! U flyin a plane right now dude???
eight more days... and counting...
My son learned to clap today. He won't go to sleep because he won't stop playing and clapping.
He came out as a middie/striker, transitioned to a Dmid role. Also transitioned to a bench role...
what's your username?
you guys can dance i wish i had a crew like yours to auditon for abdc !
ha! you don't even have to ask. assuming there will be DIY fireworks, that is.
Very glass half full of you!
Sending thoughts & support to Dallas. This is why we need AIA, AfH & all willing architects ready to assist!
Seeing some tweets saying that the softball size piece of concrete was thrown at the vehicle. Officials have not determined that yet.
I hope days come easy and moments past slow & each road leads u where u want to go, my wish for u is that this life becomes all u want it to
Hate it when men try to spit game real men dont spit game because they are to real to even play games smh follow me and I will follow u back
Goodnight c:
OK iPhone users - how do I FORWARD a spam text to SPAM
Caught a ride on Discovery this morning
image in by Justin - should be up shortly. Also I'll try to get links to photog pages on the slideshow soon.
God does the extraordinary through our ordinary prayers.
you must have missed game one
I'm up! And I just read the latest NYEW update...
Funny thing about is that she could be a hair model! Always gets rave reviews on her gorgeous hair!!!
Ok the Gruner Veltliner pretty good with no food, ok we forgot to eat, sorry, will try again with food.
Eyes burning is your body's way of saying "Idiot you should go to sleep right now. No not in 5 minutes, now."
loved the show tonight. Wish I could have got that pic with you though. Xoxo
I know you can relate. And, luckily, I have friends like you in Houston. (We need a non-work catch up. Like when?)
Now that was a hockey game.
Then she told me it has Christian Slater in it. OK, I'LL WATCH IT, BUT ONLY CAUSE I'M FREAKING IN LOVE WITH THAT GUY.
time is going so slow...
No professor, i do not want to see pictures of dicks and vaginas with herpes and warts. Take me back to the bschool
Join now! Buybobnow.com
Congratulations to the Kastles' next-door neighbors, the , for eliminating the defending champion in the Playoffs!
follow back!
Happy birthday to the best boyfriend ever! !! I love you babe!
Not anymore haha
Please God let me get to my family To lose them I just couldn’t bare I grabbed on to each one that called me I pulled everyone to the stairs
Just booked the film called Peephole. It's nice to hear the executive producer say "You were our fav of the day :)"
Well thank you!
Are you going to BBall Friday? Come see us we have some shirts for you
Wedding picture DVD has arrived!
C-USA set to make press release tomorrow @ 10am, followed by UTSA presser at 1030 in Harris room of UC.
lol..lucky ass..
Y'know, as a native of LA, I fail to see why anyone would live there instead of Seattle. I know, work. But still... ;)
Nice job tonite by , , , , , & our favorite Aussie,
Your health is your greatest wealth, so start investing in it today.
Mistletoe is not an excuse for sexual assault.
OH: hopefully not with that lady...
Wake and bake
Thank you for your patience!
SATURDAY Small Tempest, The Light Clear Conscience, Thin of the Meadow, Hills Like Hemingway $14
If doesn't fire Spaz Flynn Fund donors are going to flee by the masses.
Great looking guy! ;)
Oh darn, that sucks! I just don't know if I can make it there since I'm going 2 LA & Boston is right after Dragon Con in ATL!
I should work on my swing. I heard catcher is the fastest path to the bigs. I've got 9 years left!
I should probably go to bed soon. *3 hours later* i should probably go to bed soon. *1 hour later* Crrraaappppp.
4 am to VU for two weeks
they do need alot of prayer. Everything won't be fixed but at least something will move in their hearts and minds. :)
oh fun:p
God I hate the NFL. Its freakin' APRIL and half of Sportscenter is about the damn draft.
I can't help but think/hope that going after verbals is BB's issue. No secret he's done it. There has to be more to it.
hi I know your son is dealing w/ autism how did you deal w/people who didnt understand or dont?
.....and the longest week ever continues. ready to dominate final 2 out of 4 though.
2 old men tonight asked me if I played golf cause I looked familiar..but I had no idea who their granddaughters were lol
Too much to lose, so I won't leave.
I bought them 4 my mom for mothers day and she decided to read a passage I wanted to stab my ears out
Remember that awesome speech made at Sundance a couple years ago? Anyone know how the distribution of RED STATE is going?
She can love you good but I can fuck you beta...
I trust people if they don't give me a reason not to buy once my trust is gone theres no way in hell to get it back
I miss Maxx
If you post self portraits on the Internet, stop it...
I thought that place was dead to you
Dj Robbie Rob!
I'm sure it's a hit.
A question for NOLA #sla2010 attendees, particularly What is the price of a Kamikaze shot at Lafitte's?
-- He's having a great season ... but he's not an absolute necessity uniless you have Joe Nathan.
It's Thursday, which is "Friday Eve" in Optimisian.
I dont know why cant you?? haha
united states!:)
9 am SESSION: How to Use Social Media & Earn Trust, Build Credibility" presented by Corey Perlman in Room B114
Rest in peace Dick Clark..Now there's nobody to bring the world into January 2013..This confirms the end of the world
Portland voted No. 1 in skinny jeans per capita.
you should get that trending hahaha
Michael Poliakoff of American Council of Trustees & Alumni will be on campus April 16 @ 4 pm - Wren Building!
Wtf the unemployment line is slow as a bitch n paperwork out the ass
Niggas talk shit and them shells flyin at you
#OWIF: Richard: "I love you, man, but my girlfriend's family is staying with us and I can't have any of your shenanigans this week."
Tonight is Charleston night for America's Most Wanted! Cases include Dan Hiers out of Mt. Pleasant, the Santa Muerte murders out of...
uhm.... Not ur crusty ones. We only liked 2 of the same dudes ?
D'Angelo's "Chicken Grease" ?
All roads lead to Indy!
It's my birthday:D
Too funny! Gotta love live TV!
Thanks Carmen! It was great seeing you!!! :)
just got back from the storm hokey game! Saw lots of FIGHTS! :) fell in love with number #14 he was so cute
The Bulls still have a solid team. Derrick Rose is a monumental loss for the club, but our bench is still mobbin' and our guys are hungry.
D-Wade ain't never been the same since his shoulder injury...
Great work in social marketing
I have a reality show idea in the works. Anybody out there interested in hearing it? let me know
Oh damn, I don't ever want to be on that site, either!
Bet austins gunna be late for his reservation at og.
Dang!!! What a day in apc!!! A great workout if ya ask me;)
You know someday you're going to design something amazing for me ;)
Moments away from a super awkward Saban Gatorade bath. 20 seconds of "bonding" with players then back to recruiting trail.
Who is ? In math: My solution. In history: My king. In chemistry: My reaction. In art: My heart. In me: My inspiration! <U+2665>
What's going on
Great to see all the Beastie Boys work trending. Too bad a death had to bring it.
I was looking up some ish and came across a underground "Cell" almost like the holocaust underneth the denver airport! Wild!
These fucking beaners think they can do anything! Fucking annoyed! Ugh!
..i wonder if i can stop to bk for a croissant, Starbucks for a vanilla coffee, and dd for a donut or 3; and still make it to work ON TIME!!
It's a beautiful day to talk books. #JustRead anything lately?
Q: How many editors does it take to change a lightbulb?A: It was supposed to be in place last week!
As we sail thru life, don't avoid rough waters, sail on because calm waters won't make a skillful sailor.
#uicdae session on mutimedia captioning: l learned that #UIUC is captioning silent movies to convey the mood of the background music
Is this your book?
One of my favorite Dave songs is a brand of wine and uses a green/sustainable process!? This just made my night - cheers!
"Where the Mountain Meets the Moon." I gave her a TON more dragon books today.
#oakland #thunder !!! <3
Reminiscing on the past
There was. It went well, as I understand (/cc )
i was reading your post about adding rich Snippets to big commerce For some reason it is displaying at the bottom of my page
i miss u. where have you been all my 92 years on earth
is it tomorrow finale??
I got some caulk for that crack <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080>
why u wear those thick frames bro its not cool ya look like a tool
Damn LA traffic is testing my patience!!
Watching Casino Royale with Daniel Craig. Luv James bond movies. <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Winning games is so last season. Win, lose or draw, the Braves are still the most fun in the NL.
ok I'll try
June 29. and I will be there at the Clevelander.
I get that age thingy all the time, by the way. It's more of no way you are not..let me see some id. lol
You keep me from feeling lonely when I'm alone.
Oh, it sounds good to me. (:
You gotta be smart to stay a millionaire... Been doin my groundwork so when it come
Lmao that's funny. I'm on a app on my phone so I cant now but I will
please make sure they know I need help to!
yes did you?
if you're bored you could help get the word out about Flatt Energy Cola. Happy to send you some.
oh ok perfect
Happy Father's Day to all the dads and father figures out there! :)
It's going to be so hard for me to leave... I know it.
Thanks for the follow. Love your website too.
-So you're that popular huh? I think you also try to create a full #artmasterpiece each time you play, which also takes time :)
And so it begins tonight!
Make a point to finish everything that you start. Continue your move forward.
Lord Thank You one Other Day!!! I Love You Father!!!
Feeling bad today . who will chat with me i am so boring
Thanks for the mention!
has her Project Puppeteer hat on today.
It's a film about a woman trying to track down her lover all over Madrid that's been avoiding her & about 2 skip town w/ another...
Lookin for a old fashioned lookin bar for scene in our next music video Anyone have any ideas?
Why does twitter follow random people. I'm always seeing these random people on my timeline.
I'm for personal freedom and making your own choices and all, but that Time magazine cover is weird.
RT Back on the jet to be with my family. See you in the sky! SOUNDS NICE!! SCOOP ME UP ON THE WAY!!
The Roots performing Sure Shot in tribute to MCA
Now this is the way to wake up!! YOU TOO! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>“: #SKEEWEE! Have a WONDERFUL day. ": Hey SKEE WEE!!!"”
#oomf is so intelligent
I HATE homework...
iight bet Saturday it is
Um why do they think Justin is cute? He is far from it.
whenn are you putting it upp?
"When you get to the end of your rope, tie a knot and hang on." ~ Franklin D. Roosevelt 1882-1945
WINNING! k I miss youu! but I never see you because we have messed up schedules :O
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 43
good morning cuz! Make it a great day and be blessed!
I want a weird al accordion
Vote today! Polls open until 8pm..Let's demonstrate with high voting numbers just how politically engaged we are in WI!!!!
Enjoy the day!
Hey thanks for tweeting my article on !
KMA is very proud to continue to be part of your music. Keep it up bro, the record is great!
Have you moved to LA?
Can we help with anything?
What I don't get is that Obama/Biden supporting marriage equality probably doesn't hurt with voters but shore up the left. So why not?
I'm completely in a zone. Hilarious. just asked me if I felt it DOWN THE HALL from you. Not a thing. Ha. :)
and yet have the second highest pt. total in the league.
If today is your delivery day, why would you call @ 10am to "add on" 4 cases? Yeah ok. I'll just have the truck go grab 4 cases for you. No.
Almost? Way too many, they are just annoying now.
REMARKS BY THE PRESIDENT AND FIRST LADY AT A CAMPAIGN EVENT
Haven't watched #TheArtist yet. Maybe i should 2c if I fall asleep! lol
Elmer loves ass as well as I.. Lol
#Codemma all the way :D
my bad bro! Take my account of til tomorrow(: lol
The minute you settle for less than you deserve, you get even less than you settled for. -Maureen Dowd
What's the last song you listened to?
Likewise. Hope you enjoyed the run.
Mason and James from the X show LIVE now here! Stop by then come back for the Local Xposure Finals tonight
I just took a college exam. Palms sweating & shaky with exhaustion. Obviously, I'll do anything for a book, but this was prof's idea...
ok ima french kiss it lmaoo!!
Hapy Mother's Day as well to my wifey The mother of my child & the love of my life. I love u baby
Phone problems are fixed! Apparently the battery was swelling (?!) so that was causing it to shut off randomly...
Advertising execs?!?! Always about the money.... ;)
RT : Now would be a bad time to reboot the social media monitoring servers, wouldn't it?
What are you behind on, maybe I can fill you in
At Ruby Tuesday ^.^
See you this Wednesday at 'Voices: Perspectives of Women in Medicine' from 12-1PM at the Biomed research commons
oh thank you!!! :) and best of luck!
Thursday, make the painless please!
Wake yo lazy ass up !
Final paper submitted!!
$69 and some change! This may be the least Ive spent in Whole Foods and i think I have enough for the week! Used coupons and my own bags
Genius, wish I'd thought of it RT Guess Bowlsby is more fitting B12 commish than Nationalchampionsby /
I can live without money, but I cannot live without love
Thanks bro! Good to be here.
But an article on archaic terms we still use to describe actions we no longer do is long overdue!
What kind of mother decides to get a colonoscopy the day after Mother's Day?
it was all
I'm presenting on Ancestral Praxis and Computer Science Learning towards communal wellness #aera2012 increased focus on
Center watching my Nephew Isaac play at 1st intermission of Robert Morris & Ohio State
thx for our talk. #uncc's library redesign has been a hit: flexible furniture+white boards+connected study rms=inc collab&study
Mwah thanks! You pitched in with that envelope tutorial, too. :)
I'm sitting in the car with my seatbelt on
Im so gonna sleep onw lol
There's a crow outside of my window eating a dead squirrel's brain. Make a cute cartoon show outta that, Disney!
No Doubt about it, Larry Diamond from Tom Robbins's "Half Asleep in Frog Pajamas".
Well here we go
Thank you for the Golden Beet Recipe! Part of a new farm share & had no clue what to do with them!
Wass So Bombb At VMA's. He's coming to WA, for concert in 3 dayss!
: For now, it's still safe to Rickroll
More sarcasm! How do you come up with this stuff!? Too good!
ok cuz I felt that you didn't fools with your boy
Woo get to see tonight!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
shitty I just woke up to Liverpool down 1-0 to Chelsea
Great Organization to consider supporting.
. Yep. The author and I used to work in radio together in the early 90's. He has a YA called PANDEMIA.
c'mon this is the only way u can show and see real #Talents!!
What color was your day? Mine was white. (Interesting party question tonight)
haha yeah hopefully not
#askjosh boston or boston?..
hope you do feel 100% tomorrow. I'll let the manly voice slide. :)
but if she loves me and cares for me like she said she does she will try and make it work right
Sure thing, buddy. White 'Tweet that' shirt, correct?
No matter where i am in the world and no matter where is in the world. The number 21 will ALWAYS remind me of him<21
MAD, MAD PROPS to who built and designed our site. It looks awesome and is functioning flawlessly. WELL DONE.
Society would be a lot better off if people understood that responsibility outweighs entitlement.
After a little convincing from me and testing the bacon packages for explosive traces, TSA let me (and the bacon!) through.
Retired State Police Colonel Tom Foley wrote a book on the Whitey Bulger chase
“: In other news, Nathan is hilarious hahah ”
:) Thanks for the RT!
ALERT: RT : : USC students think listeria outbreak in cantaloupe may be just another outbreak like E.Coli
Eighty percent of success is showing up. - Woody Allen
Wish I could read Paul ryan's mind while he listens to obama's #SOTU talk
Oh my lord. This guy shouldn't be working at Wendy's. He should be an underwear model.
So excited to be following , the actress who brought Effie Trinket to the screen!
Only one more day to save during our Friends & Family 15% off event! Have a great and glamorous weekend
I know & I'm so mad at directions cause they are hating on BTR when it's BTRs tour
I give you, the Griswold family Christmas tree. Lotta sap in here! Looks great. Little full... Lotta sap.
This makes me especially miss you
Off to one of my favorite events Live In the Vineyard!
Meeting with AFL-CIO yesterday was a success! Another partner against ALEC on August 5th!
2day is the 1st day of the rest of my life.
THAT'S WHAT I SAID
Also look through YouTube; there are some great videos on SQL there. Let's see if I can find one…
MetroPCS begins data throttling for select plans
You may have afresh start any moment you choose, for this thing that we call 'failure' is not the falling down, but the staying down
Lost 100k in two levels in classic nutzho fashion. Got 32k going into 800/1600.
What I heard on the bus: "Stateville is not a brothel." Hahahahahah.
Hi cutie ;)
Jennette can u reply me I loved u ever since you were in The Inside!Please reply,follow,or retweet.
This bank person is sps stupid go work at a fast food place if u wanna be this stupid
Exciting, spanking new news! Our feature film "The Exquisite Corpse Project" will be premiering in Hollywood at Dance With Films this May!!
cj exam. hour drive. then im gettin the heck outta dodge(:
Madonna sang 3 songs with choirs, a matching band, and 3 other recording artists. Eastwood said "it's halftime" and totally dominated.
With 18 genres on ReverbNation, why does 'Comedy' has the fewest participants? Does this cheapen my reign as #1 comedy musician? Comments?
. i had been putting it off, so glad it's done! Cheap, too bc she's a friend of a friend.
In the past we've gone to the Claddagh downtown on wednesdays at 8, but we've been talking about finding a new bar
I love BVB they are awesome in every angle ...
need to find my next project.
you don't follow me xx
I <3 jeans days ! Always a special treat :)
no. yeast is not meant to be frozen.
So sad to not be at c. What was I thinking?
Looking forward to presenting at MCN Atlanta: Trickle up, Trickle down: Collaboration at local, regional and the national levels.
is an amazing boyfriend! :)
All you are, to everyone, is a girl who is sad. A girl everyone wants. A tease. A giver. A taker. A liar. A fake.
Not as good as me!
Today has been a peaceful day.... Thank You Jesus ...
The concrete slab has been poured, construction is progressing nicely!!!
#socialmedia day everyday? Of course...but when do we socialize face2face? :)
okay god ! :) thank god !
- I hear they wear armor to dissertation defenses :-) I wonder if the same mindset is going to pop up after this Depression
Yea it was real cool..
The Lorax movie was so cute!
I wish we could start over
YOU ARE MAKING ME CRY. My voice is cracking . :c we miss that too Alex </3 #ShootUsDown >>>>>>>>
psh, I can say whatever I want, she doesn't even know how to use it. Help her son!
Yeah, sometimes seems the F3 gets a bit overlooked, still seems solid in certain environments
The sleep was glorious!
Go Liz!!!! Space Camp should have a day named in your honor!
Can u please dm Justin my name ._.
Anyone know how to beat driver 2 Rio level 7 for ps1? #stupid #distressed also I had #pizza for dinner which was
still not feeling well?
Hey Anna! Saw that you followed us. Thanks for the follow. We gave you a follow back.
That was fun! Have do done Z or R twice?
:) saw that state st has ramps, and I'm sure they will have morels in the next week or so.
Well whenever you have time :)
If I never watched football before and people said "you really need to check this out". I would say they were crazy after watching tonight
The Met is doing Janacek this week and so are we. Bring a friend or two to Sanders Theatre tomorrow night at 7:30pm
Thanks for the follow Be Rad
Can believe its May 1st.
it's an amazing feeling!
Checked it out. Closest would be the Roanoke festival in May.
requesting cruciferous vegetables is an indication of impending spinsterhood. shouldn't food network should warn against this?
Call me maybe.
I see PokerStars is raising the blinds on the Zoom game. Good PR if a player could sit in on a hand with their favorite pro.
I just let out a sigh of relief
COCO LOUNGE IS ON CRUNK ALERT TONIGHT!! THE SA SPURS WILL BE REPRESENTING!! HURRICANE CITI ON DECK!!
Those air Max came out like February been #copped get yo shoe came up hoe
nope! i have no idea what it is about. i guess i live under a rock??
thank u Jesus...
it feels so nice to hear your voice
One could say that GB is winning against Jean Quan's team. I couldn't resist that one. :)
I think I found it. On the page where everything is pushed to the right, the div id "content" has the right padding set to 150px
Good stuff dont come easily
Both teams continue to brawl throughout the arena until security manages to subdue all four men.
Poster is up! Come talk about porn with me.
my friend has this gymclass heros bag and it reminded me of you lol. Btw I hope I see you!
RT : Keep videos short, timely, relatable and realistic. DO NOT think of it as an ad. Remember to experiment.
If comcast says "we'll be out between 10 and 6" , can I say "I'll pay my bill between now and sometime soon"?
Spots open 8/2, e-mail & we'll send you a reminder! Follow for more updates!
thank you kindly sir! (resumes admiring all the North Korean-esque propaganda in Praetoria)
PR tip: When you are sending a press release to a newspaper, you DO NOT need to put a Word doc in columns. Come on now.
Moved my blog off of UT's servers...
I love it! Making it into my doc design class into the spring.
Eminem kills you in any freestyle, any album, and any written lyric, you have no talent dude, go do drumline 2!
LOOKING FOR MISERY
Yes! See you SAT 8-12pm RT : We are excited for the new Saturday morning Farmers Market at #TheAutry at #GriffithPark - awesome!
That is lesson learned from carter's mistake of not doing the same after the fall of the Shah of Iran. Iran now exports terrorism.
On my way home, cause early release!!!
At another fitting for Vampire Dairies. It was great to get an email asking if I was available for filming. Filming is on March 13 & 14.
please follow me , I'm a fan of yours <U+E056>
Well yeah, the whole team has... But he was in the MVP race last year.
they ae probably whole grain! :P
what if the pbl lesson is driven by sudent interests. The "p" in pbl can mean both project and passion
why ridiculous??
Serves to remind you. Injuries happen at anytime. The likelihood of Rose getting hurt didn't go up in the last minute beyond the first one.
RT YOU CAN GET SHOT FOR WHAT YOU WEAR? THEN HOW COME NO ONE SHOOT WHITE PEOPLE FOR WEAR CROCS
I honestly don't think anyone knows how much means to me </3 I wish I could explain my feelings for this boy
don't forget about sword boy. Unless he kills himself..... He did fuck up
lmao! you'll get used to it!
Why are my friends so old! We are already in for the night!
Bensimon: Equity would rise if we remediated university culture in relation to students of color
“It is not the mountain that we conquer, but ourselves” ~ Sir Edmund Hillary, the first climber to reach the summit of Mount Everest
OMG. THE NEWS JUST PLAYED BOYFRIEND!!! MADE MY DAY!! & then they're showing contestants for a Bieber-off!!<33
Brand new laptop, windows 7, try and restart new computer, blank screen,
look at my last text !
*there's
Omg tmrw is my last day at work after 4 yrs. I'm ending my career and moving on to bigger and better things. Amen
#WIFYR, Howard Taylor just dropped by our class. There is no end to the celebrities at this conference!
What's a Harriet growler go for, Curtis?
ah, just normal grits. word up. I love that idea. inspired me to have grits for breakfast!
Smashed In. Milwaukee Hardcore. Check em out!
Thanks! Coincidentally had a bunch of blocked links last week, drove me nuts. Saw t.co and ow.ly, roadblock at odd short URL
i didnt make it for high jump but i still got the 400 and the 4X4
"Is this a hitnrun!?!"
I will lol
hey Cinders. For a short film possibly filmed in LA.
Not even bothering to check my geometry grade. I know i failed.
Definitely and keep Fields as well. He's pretty good too.
Director is the pilot of the story in a lighthouse to keep the actors off the rocks.
I like men, not boys.
But I'm feeling a lot better--thank you :)
! the sheer hypocrisy of it all. and yes, i guess room for boys too, but i feel like shared poison = worse!
#FF for hosting our nearly sold out performance this past Tuesday.
but what about the slow weeks in the year??? Some SMALLER shops can be crippled by TOO MUCH OVERHEAD IN ART DEPARTMENT.....
" Your my little secret " (;
Guess it's a good thing doesn't work TechCrunch anymore then? ;)
Thanks Ty *head rub* lol RT : that packer hat cold
We have heard worker intimidation from for supporting the living wage campaign. Employers do whatever to prevent unions.
Just rocked a 6-3 win at indoor tonight!!!
RT My friendships are based on can we get money together if u can't then we can't b friends ! U gotta have that appeal
la people bitch too much about people saying this isn't a hockey town...well I can see why they are so unwelcoming
could you please follow me I need more followers
I know! I think my mom attracts them. she once watched a bowl of salad fly off her counter when home alone...
Feeling funny today.
Whoa what's everyone doing for new years? A year ago today I had the balls to start a better life in a better place with nothing. Lv life!
“Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter.” - Francis Chan
i was in school! i miss u 2<3
Learn about the A. Philip Randolph Porter Museum on today at Noon
Thank you for screening MY AMERICA at the meeting tonight!
Imagine how good McCoy would be right now if he was named starter 4 games ago.
Thought for the Day "My list of ingredients for success is divided into four basic groups: Inward, Outward, Upward and Onward." David Thomas
thats no fun
Arroyo pitching a lot of balls. But due to chain of evidence, they are being called strikes.
that is brilliant!!! i want more!
#milwaukee We repriced our retail $ for rock salt!! We are repricing the entire store actually- stay tuned for a BIG CELEBRATION!!! :)
Jet Ski Bash June 23rd Stay Tuned for Details
Wow! You look just like your dad!
with wedding planning done, on to mom's bday and Sam's 30th in 3 weeks. I love planning things!
i'm gonna go search for gold
Yes, but I'm all for it.
Right back atcha! RT : , thank you for the good work that you do!
I wish I could! Sound like it's going to be a fun night!!
dude, if you want your 90's kick, go watch cant hardly wait. m jennifer love hewitt
we can say that Ihop is giving away pancakes in response to Denny's free grand slam breakfast offer
school lunch is so nasty.....
going viral ;)
thats cool but i meant is that you in your pofile pic if so your beautiful
Man, y'all know how to have fun.
going to see American Reunion today! :D
“Your hidden talents are the things you could do that would make you happy, But you don’t know it yet.”
Thank you.
Requring shared root to manage accnts and not allowing read only accnts to change pw is
Congrats to #UDHoops Soph forward, Joe Stephens on being selected All-SCAC Honorable Mention!
I just broke my record for selling something on craigslist. Less than one hour from posting to payment!
more shirts to make tonight! yesyesyes! come to a show this weekend and get one! ALSO! get 's merch too
RT Want 2 tickets to "Viva Elvis" at the ? Retweet "We love and " in the next 3 hours to be entered to win!
Where did u end up?
~ Will do.. this afternoon:-) xo
"but til then my brave child...fly free" Bryan Putnam
love Thursday night live & I go there every Saturday to pick up my farmers market csa bag. Love downtown!
dont hurt her, jus check her a lil bit then if she still dont get it... Checkmate her ass, yup thats how we do it.
People are rude.
My EP is gonna be super dope!!
and i love claytonn! ;)
Adam James booed heavily by Texas Tech fans at Alamo Bowl last night
: anyone know what kind of watches were given to the boys of '62?
"Get motivated." ~ James Scott Bell
FOLLOW ONE MORE PERSON
Watching the midnight showing of Hellementary & missed the first part of it, Can you play it some more times. Its a great Movie
Just watched the #60minutes interview with Walter Isaacson abt Steve Jobs. Interesting perspective into Job's notoriously private life.
Right! Three of my favorite things in one - bacon, beer and donuts!
what about urs?
Awe Brendon I'm glad you could forgive me :)
I think Whitney may have been our Billie.
I say consider both. The question I'd ask myself, if I were you, is whether or not you can live with Sense 4.
Thanks! I may cruise by the food truck court first, then.
Pretty sure I just searched out, stole and ate All of the chocolate in the boys Halloween stash.
Oh Judi and Matthew won!!!
Thinking about tinkering with my guitar again this week. See if we can't get that guy working.
Market Street Sound celebrates nine years of musical making and noise bending today! Thank you to everyone who makes this possible!
Welcome to our neck of the woods (Atlanta)! I can't wait til' the show later today!
Hey big bro. Got your video reply. I appreciate the comments. Would def luv the opportunity 2 chat with u briefly @ your earliest
Is it nap time yet?
there are so many people i care about right now. don't give up your heart. it's got a wireless connection to the cosmic clock.
That sounds like a great event. I have a few folks I want to bring to the next #SMCRVA -- Any idea of a date?
I FORGOT TO PAY YOU BACK AGAIN UGH.
Good Morning Everyone! Wishing you a Blessed Week...
How do you plan to #lendafreehand to someone in your life today?
“: Get up and work out everyday. Trust me it feels amazing!” <3
Agreed! They definitely pulled off a solid, secure feel while maintaining a more tactile aesthetic. It's all kinds of lovely.
"Captain Dick" LOL
i'm bored tweet me
#News President Obama plans to announce a summer jobs plan
I think about yelling at people and making them cry a lot.
Living in a big truck for 3 weeks at a time is kind of like camping without the fun. At least we are together and making money.
Did you take some Dramamine??
rocked the halftime!! Fergie and Slash was f'ing awesome!!
Tony #14 is going to toast the town in Richmond tonight. #NASCAR #RVA Great night
S/o to all my new followers :)))
“: GM! NEVER Focus On What COULD HAVE Been. If Something SHOULD HAVE Been .. It WOULD HAVE Been. #AdjustYourFocus”
Thats my bitch
Busy trying new paints and stains. Summer, 4th of July, BBQ's, fireworksand mega sunny weather. 3 day weekend. Best time of year!
Awesome!! Looks like you're having a jazzy good journey!!
I feel like this is a appropriate time to use "that's what she said"
announces gov admits it dumped ashes of 275+ fallen soldiers in Va landfill ... #areyoukidding?
facebook link pleeeaaassseeee :)
RT : God is still good, the devil is a liar and we have the victory!
My mouth is on fire
Lauren & Bri are playing at Petes Candy Store in BKLYN Friday as a warm up for their show at Arlenes Grocery on 2/5. Come show your love!
it's based off of Shakespeare's play Julius Ceaser
what is Maria's txt number?
yes just about everyone wants instant success, even with great tools, it takes time to build something of worth.
almost over? City ahead 3-2? Not sure espn mobile is updating.
Corey Thompson makes this not hurt
Warrior needs food badly. Valerie is about to die.
i cnt wait for the next episode of Secret Circle. Even though that last episode pissed me off to the max, THEY KILLED NICK!
Treat yourself or a loved one this holiday to $120 worth of services from Skin Care by Liliya for just $60 on www.crowdclick.com!!
you with your ghetto word search in a different language?
What's your favorite song In the last 5 years ?
RT : Breakfast w/Bob was #profound today! The book 59 Seconds was the topic, Wow...#Enlightening. Thank you #BestSellerBob!
Heading to the first day of the rest of my life.
Have an upcoming wedding? We offer a 25% off for your upcoming wedding to use at your leisure for those Davids Bridal Customers 419-475-9646
thanks girl. I thought it meant right.
I was made aware the OldOnes are planning on sacrificing MLIS virgins in #ala10 to keep their jobs. Like I said, just a rumor.
I feel you, really think he's a better game manager than Carson Palmer. But at least he's on a good team.
dude I love this machine. It's changed my life.
We had an extremely productive practice tonight. We can't wait to see everyone on the 3rd out at Grim's Roadhouse! It's going to be a blast!
CD jackets printing must be colorful if they're used for music and movies
Everyone out there at May Day, please stay safe!
Jobs For Mba Earn your MBA Online at Northeastern University (NEU).
Thanks to my pals tweeting from the tonight. Next best thing to being there. #NextYear!
You know it!
fantastic- thank you!
not feeling so hot...i blame the cold weather front moving in..
I'm pretty sure we aced that exam. Maybe now we both should be lawyers. J. Walsh would be proud.
The future cannot be predicted, but futures can be invented. - Dennis Gabor
hoping it will clear up later to do some burgers on the grill
Writing tip: If you insist on writing perfect dialog in fiction, your character better be a monarch.
Rt if your up
Great news
of course, what time?
Librarian needs help from French Librarian on helpalibrarian.com
Be color blind, don't be so shallow :)
136$, Sperry's, betseyville wrislet, and Real pearls from my daddy that he got from Hawaii, I'm so happy and thankfu! Blessed.
Still homeless... lol
There never was an earthquake warning. There was a Tsunmai watch. The type of earthquake probably played a role yes.
the murals on board chamber wall is racist, not single person of color. Not even Indians!
I hate those dude!
The strong hand of executive authority, Tammie
thanks for the follow back! BIG fans of your music, definetly an inspiration.
Coldest day in D.C. in 3 weeks high of only 54.
I don't mean that as a good thing.... but obviously it will be heavily brought up.
THANKS for following.
They are merciless with that mic this year. Turn those bitches off-- still yapping.
EXACTLY AND WELL SAID!
Thank you for supporting FIve Nights in Maine!
Rejection hurts like a Joey Chestnut sized stomach ache
The 5 goals in (any form of) sentencing are retribution, incapacitation, deterrence, rebhabilitation, and restoration.
let's face it, this panel's gonna rule. And not just cause y'all are so goodlooking
: Technically, it's his third. There was an awful Ali G movie that predates BORAT.
TWEETS ARE FAB
nm just senior year
:-) Likewisr RT Thanks for the #FF shout outs! Wishing you both a magical weekend. xo, g
Aretha Franklin found an actress to portray her in a biopic of her life - A Broadway star and classically trained singer -Audra McDonald
YES! I love the song they always play! GET ON YOUR FEET!
The overarching, underlying mission of C. S. Lewis' work: to help readers clearly to see and practically to apply the love of God in Christ.
Open house today had been going well!
Whats good Cleveland?
Revising, so mostly my recent ones are either new, or recast. That last is new.
I TOTALLY called sheer lace sleeves on the dress. I'm all over this royal dress selection.
Vote Republican, they have their priorities in order. Dogs, porn, and birth control.
attack on pearl harbor
yes:( so bad!
Writing this "Taxi Shit" shot list
sillies. Still following
I can't I have an early Drs app in the AM and pulled a calf at the gym and can barely stand. Next time tho.
Great to see you again!
RT : Students starting to gather at #JoePaterno statue
I would never get out of bed if I didn't have to.
Save the date - 7/18/2012 - Beer dinner @ Stubby's with Marc Buttera and @ O'so Brewing....just sayin....
still haven't found what i'm looking for.
Sounds like police sirens are trying to drown us out but to no success. The people are louder.
Life is good, Everybody keep you're head up, and Thank God that you're Alive!
I drive 1 hand at 12 noon like #anchorman Vinnie rollin in the civic. I rock the minivan. y'all better aks somebody
What sparked all this?
i have been blessed God bless yo ministry...
Q: What's musical and handy in a supermarket? A: A Chopin Liszt.
Hey #LamarOdom, remember that time when a Kardashian ruined your entire NBA career?
I had a good weekend. What about you?
Females be sayin "Ima make him wait for dis pussy"niggas dont care ! dey fuck someone on the side until you give up yours its a dirty game.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else
best believe justin bieber would and will be my babydaddy. Lol
cool, I can send you a picasa link, im gonna organize them this weekend
In lead-up to 6pm unveiling of , I’ll be tweeting top 10 reasons why Nissan needs to end its operations in Iran -
Looking 4 someone 2 set up a webcam & website to watch Swans sit on a nest & take care of their babies, Michigan. I do marketing 50/50. 5212
Dance like no one’s watching unless you’re at a funeral…then start a conga line
Creative and positive energy flowing as I focus on the next phase of my business. Say it with me, "I believe I can and I Shall."
My girlfriend rocks. Cookies fresh from the oven.
Just watching the Lakers implode against the Yao-less Rockets. HaHaHaHa!
thank u thank u thanku!!!!
Tweet more often & you'll get more folks interested. You've got great cheeses & great products so share them!
hey bby, please follow me. <3
Le Ninja believes in compassion; therefore will extend you shipping compassion on order of $50 or more.
well that's going to become a national story sooner rather than later.
YES! Where r u located!
Wife is gettin me a Harley!! The real deal Harley!!
So more blessed to have the amazing mother I do
“: that would be hell” that would be a night mare.
#SaySomethin is on replay right now. (:
All your #Belmont preview in 1 place www.ussportspages.com
hahaha well I guess the autocorrect could have been way worse!
Rehearsing so funny episode on set! Can`t wait to go in New York this afternoon!
1. Running late a lot? Best increment to set your watch ahead by is 15 minutes! 1/4 the face of the watch
just hung insulation in our soon to be rehearsal space... now I can't breath.
JEEZ YOU MUST LIKE THAT PLACE! you've gone there like twice a week for the past month....
Off to play ice hockey, the early game tonight.
How do people get these twitaward things? Or u just get tweet.. see a lot of random people voted for
You can always tell a real friend: when you've made a fool of yourself he doesn't feel you've done a permanent job. ~ Laurence J. Peter
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo always makes me feel better and makes me laugh :)
RT : Don't be a wimp - acupuncture doesn't hurt when it's done right. It treats migraines, fertility, stress, injuries,......
How to prepare a vitamin C serumSkinCaredocom - vitamins serum
i'm tired ! Lol I meant like not now ):
Hey! I resemble that comment ..... sometimes.
i love THEM for sending that LIFESAVER--and you for being their daughter
Yea, I thot we trained to right! :)
Our new designs will be featured shortly, will keep everyone updated
That's what I'm talking about, It ain't over until the fat lady sing..........& I haven't started singing YET..!!!!!
Boys had a great time at the baseball field- probably last Season for these folks to play together- no doubt going separate ways next year
Looking forward to a great week! Thanks for mentions:
"I'll pull out a broom!"
Watching this Laker game about to go to sleep. :l
oh em gee hey
Hey ! We wanna play with you!
why of course. I can only do friday so.... Friday it is?
Sorry to hear about the day,hang in there. Shoot me a DM tomorrow if you want to talk vPC, we run between 5K's.
Thanks for the RT~
lol u had it coming
Closing at 4 but we'll be open with the full menu from 11pm-3am. Awww yeah it's Friday
Picking 60-mph bugs out of my whiskers. M tasty noms.
Aa bonus only one on the jogging track!
thanks for the reminder of this classic
I think i missed the bus!! :-O
He had heard people speak contemptuously of money he wondered if they had ever tried to do without it.
No, but I would love to :)
text me when you're at DMB!
i don't even follow u...i didn't even know u tweeted that.
can you follow me pretty please<3 i love you (: please
Tweets for the next 100 or so mins are re: 'one day'
I miss LOST!
600 followers! thanks for following ;)
Just saw the new commercial with Gamel and Aoki. I love it! Lol!
RT : . Congrats on #dccodeathon! - Sounds like a really powerful event for #gov20 and
!!! ": Don't throw away your clothes, donate them instead. There's always someone else in need"
Thanks for the RTs
they have been going hard at each other the past 2 days it made tmz
too bad you ain't by me. I can make you forget him quick lmao
No problem.
My friend Cameron says that ;-) RT Ferris Bueller, you're my hero:)
NY auditions are in 1WEEK! Make sure you're well prepared & please invite anyone else you think may be interested in joining our fab team!
Yea yea, tracy is jk RT Missing my
Yeah tell him stop staring at Jules from me 2! Lol
Food, library, maybe a little ball at ridgecrest
stank ass people smelling like newports and shit
Related: i'm teaching the 100-lev class for the 4th time, but it's my first time with the 300-lev
Niggas N Paris......
Problem #1 Ding Ding Ding!
Thanks for an awesome yoga workout evening :)
Let's see how many people will do stupid stuff cuz Twitter told them to #TypeYourNameWithYourElbow. And then try to lick it.
IM SO PROUD OF YOU AUSTIN!!!! YOUR GETTING YOUR BRACES OFF TODAY!!! YAY!!!!
It's official. I need to move to Nashville haha and all in one place ? Yes please.
Thank you <3!
very nice!
i liked last nite's episode of #Glee. It was good&the single ladies dancing parts made me laugh. Glee is an awesome show! :3
A payment plan with the IRS doesn't mean you are out of the woods, interest & penalty issues, but you can see the tops of some trees.
most likely brosiff
crown of leaves, high in the window on a gold morning
Did Zumba for the first time last night. It was on Xbox kinect. I believe even the Xbox was laughing
Men are born to succeed, not fail.
Oh god, watching lawyers try to comprehend addition / subtraction in Contracts was *excruciating.*
welcome to my party
Participation in competitive cycling has grown across nation. USA Cycling licensees increased 66% between 2002-2011
Thank you so much. Sad we won't see you but there in spirit!
Yo Springfield, Missouri folk... anything special going on tonight? Eh? Anybody? Anybody?
Ugh foot, stop. Furreal.
Woke up before noon for the first time in two weeks
oh what the fuck ever, goodbye now!
Thanks for checking it out though- I appreciate it!
I took a break from it tonight was my debut back out lmao
lol Ikr! I made him laugh today like laugh laugh then my mom yelled lol
Great day to be a Lancer!!!
lmao. Smh !! Don't get so bad we put you on that show though. Haha.
I've FINALLY uploaded my Challenge 6 photo--check it out!
#Blackparentsquotes•Y'all Drank&Eat up everythang..cabinets gon' be dry round here til the first<U+E411>
I'm a WOMAN. I dont smoke, drink, or party every weekend. I don't sleep around or start drama
Body lookn like Milk
So close to finishing this chapter.
please,follow me and tweet me? I'm your fan.. I love you so much Jeydon )= your musics is perfect 2
Nice to see here for the #vet entrepreneur event !
make your account private
Just 10 more members to hit the 500 mark - do you know a musician who would benefit from joining Songwriters in Seattle?
my spirit guides are the raven, the rat & the giraffe ... as far as i could tell on my shamanistic adventure w
wasn't it not so long ago people were citing the lack of an optical drive on the MacBook Air line as a fatal flaw?
Don't just talk a good game, engage!
Love is the great miracle cure. Loving ourselves works miracles in our lives.
It doesn't matter that the player in question was 5'7" and 13 years old. This "old man" still has it!
Still: nice service and good header! 1-1 match has a lot of life now!
It's okay. You're forgiven. <U+E00E>
not u , I can't even see you when the lights are out....
#CrossfitGames. I'm impressed.
in that case, you will have to come visit us next month!
Good Morning Life
hahahahaha! that is awesome!! y'all are cracking me up!
There's always that one kid who pulls the cord for watson or college place.
It's more tolerable now to think of hilarious vomit on the Walmart sign, but I fear it will always remind me of you.
I thought that you were going to broadcasting all of the Pacers game. Cant seem to find you on my Program guide
oh should have known he was a union thug. Can't actually work for a crap so he hides behind a union
woo hoo! Let and us know how it goes!
any more stories in the making? lol looking forward to them
Google Changes Forcing Internet Marketers To Ditch The Tricks and Return To ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Jamminnnn out to #BOYFRIEND at work
I have 2 promo codes for 's new #leanstartup app. Looking for feedback... any takers?
Holy crap! Well done Matt. Will be great to hear what he has to say on the matter.
I have a tip that can take 5 strokes off anyone's golf game. It's called an eraser.-- Arnold Palmer
with to go pick up Brandon Rhodes and Lizeth something . lol.
What's all this about a SHOOTING RANGE?
Army PT shirt + Basketball shorts = True Comfort
would follow you far - especially with a second line like that ! Thanks again for the fun and look forward to more soon!
Thanks for being awesome! #teamawesome Our Marketing Person Is A Big Fan Of Yours!
forever my favortie movie
Never let haters come between u and your dreams! If they won't move run through them! #howbaddouwantit!
tomorrow I must write...review, tweet, and put more effort in the review than the tweet...
room for one more?
12 HP between the three of us. Not looking good.
Thanks, Joy! You rock!
Congrats! We have openings Mon & Wed of this week. Let's kick the recovery up a few notches! :-)
' Ima be happy one way or another!!
Dear #TaylorLautner stop trying to be like #mattdamon in all your films. You're not even of age yet... go do some
Fuuuuu gonna look like shit today :p
lol nice comparison
you better. we're there for you too!
Hates when Twilight movies look semi-decent
Pure Poetry: Expressive thought read, from the mind of the poet. Dreams flow from the heart.
Thanks! We're glad to be back.
getting on that right now! ;*
Here is a hint.... from Dade City RT : Question #1: What famous tennis player is from Pasco County?
Forrester reports most consumers interact with at least 2 marketing touch points prior to making an online purchase; build a consumer path.
1st on the open mic an older guy singing about guacamole... I need a smoothie
seeing #furthur on the floor is the best, on floor for AC and 5th row 100 for MSG. A friend asked if I could get any #Indy tix, any help?
Success requires #persistent redirection away from distractions & back toward the #goal. SeanLetwat
Thanks for your RT. You definitely need to come to the You could see the zoo, Seagrove, and the Village of PineHurst.
Ok, ok. I will end it. I know the right answer! Just hold me, dammit.
you and me both gurl
Feel like I'm missing something with all the Mumford & Sons hype. The album just doesn't do much for me.
Much needed spring break is on the way lots of things to do so little time
Can't wait until we get to work with !!! Thanks again for the opportunity!
Thanks for the #ff! We return it on a Saturday.
I don't even know who Begal is, so I'll defer. But I do know Baggot is terible.
If they snag you, make it a publicity stunt -"Rochester cupcake legend feeds the masses at the airport, because TSA stinks"
Isn't anyone gonna bring up Peggy's baby ever? Lol. Wtf.
Ryan is my favorite so far. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
NOW I'm expecting a follow back. I unfollowed for you.
The #horriblemoment when you're laying down and you #realize that you have to drop the kids off at the pool!
bristins game later with
Robertson needs to load his old ass up and visit those folks. Just might change his mind.
Satrapi on modesty: "What is wrong with the breast... it's nice and round and doesn't bite. But, we have no prob dropping bombs on Iraq"
On this date: In 1510, Early Renaissance painter Sandro Botticelli died in Florence, Italy; he was probably in his mid 60s.
Heart U Back:)
Pier 60 or Chili Blaze....?
just did :)
Full from my big dinner & about to enjoy my evening with while haterz cry themselves to sleep
and thank you very much! I've not been so happy in many years.
Avengers was awesome! Remember to stay till the end of the credits :)
Ha! Have you experienced that awk moment, too? Oof, and Just TRY not to self-analyze when it happens.
What would you say are "must have" features for a social website made for the design community?
You should all be jealous I got to go to 7 hours of new music yesterday.
Hi crackerjax! You're so sweet!
Prometheus needs to hurry up and come out now
lol at the name "let's get ratchet"
Wow. 10 of 14 UK basketball players, during the semester of their national title run, had a 3.0 GPA or better.
Love the show watch it everyday with my grandson. Best show ever
Wait, how is one a single married mom? And here I go again! Lol
Linsday Price and Curtis Stone looked great in Soho yesterday with their baby boy Hudson. Popped in Shabby Chic..
Student bags gold award for thesis
i swear 2 God yall i CANNOT find my phone!! i got so many important phone calls 2 make.
Being in therapy is great. I spend an hour just talking about myself. It's kinda like being the guy on a date. - Caroline Rhea
Testing QR Code Asset label integration with Interlink for CommitCRM.
that's .05 inches per second, or 3 inches in a minute.
thank you for the thank you.
- it is on Netflix
(Anonymous)In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins . . . not through strength, but through persistence.
RT - Please Miami Dolphins please please don't take Pryor. Please
Louis for the night. Taking it back old school.
bringing in #NYE2012 right. With my boo Doinnnnn it
I'm not even gonna say anything yet ... #PacersTime .
You're connected to everything. It feels like i'm suffocating.
then I guess not because I was thinking eggs
I've never seen a guy lose a game this big twice...
call me wen u get off
ever since you posted the video of you and filming(and you had a cricket in your mouth)I've been eager to see it!
Limited bugs! RT : What’s the best benefit to #camping in #spring?
Hot sausage poboy, pig feet, and praline cake... smh! Hello Nola!!!!
is this about who I think its about...
You and have great taste in restaurants! See you guys soon.
Original art definitely has an allure to it.
My husband hasn't worked in 3 1/2 years and is trying desperately to get a job. Please can you help him find work????
Man, our bullpen is amazing........
Suprised I got a valentine ^.^ thanks for the gift udy :)
lol yea let's...... I hope they go to NYC again I'm close to there about a 4 hr drive
I'm more than happy to be serving you guys #3for1s with your
I mean come on. At least TRY to think of something witty...
honestly justin deserves better friends
me too love! I'm great and I miss your beautiful face!
Welcome John Lithgow and Boyd Gaines back to Broadway! 's THE COLUMNIST starts previews tonight!
Yet other reports state he says he will support Ron Paul.
|#quotes Success is not built on success. It's built on failure. It's built on frustration. Sometimes its built on catastrophe.
That's awesome! We're interviewing TAP & Before you exit do you have any questions for them?
Yard signs are up all over Westlake for tomorrow's 2012 NEO Spring Avant-Garde Art & Craft Show, a late night success! See you tomorrow!
KEEP THE QUESTIONS COMING (:
Yes, I was hired by Universal because they needed a comedy director
No, wait, word of the day is "intertwingled"
Got skills when it comes to #socialmedia? Talk to me.
At the waffle house.
RT : Have u entered 2 win $250 CASH 4 Mother's Day? Y'all this ain't no gimmick - I'm a part of it too!...
Friday night, almost 70°. Heck, play until 1am, I'll stay up. My phone battery won't, but I will :)
Haha, hockey is the one sport I don't follow religiously. Really a shame at this point.
You can enter every day for more chances to win!
hahah he does
Very cool. RT'd.
way to go - so so so proud of you
ON AIR NEXT<< Coast to Coast from 11pm-2am with James Colquhoun and and Daniel Vitalis on the food we eat. Also, stay tuned for...
Don't you love it wen yor presents pisses sum1 off gotta lov that power!
Feeling like everyone is ready to win bundles today on stars, let the sweat begin!!!! Go
you already know.....smh
Linkedin now has 85 million members and is adding a new member every second
"Cause I'm a lover, not a fighter. But I'm battling a heavy heart. Yeah I'm battling a heavy heart."
Can't wait. Gonna be epic!! - RT : Anyone else having trouble sleeping?
TIL also that nobody in my building will come to check on me when I scream bloody murder in the kitchen
User:AltheaRankin262 - Best Idol
if you liked it, then you SHOULDA put a ring on it.
definitely not the most grown up way to handle business
out of the teams left who you think wins it all?
im doin good ; thanks 4 askin where u from?
Who is your favorite 50's music group?
sucks that there's no service in Lucas so we could actually could know about this!!!
can you just tweet when you send out the confirmation codes if you haven't already so we know if we arent able to go?? Thanks!
We Love Mama Grande ? :D
Don't worry, now that I think about it I'm pretty sure it was in the archives class I took. Nothing to be alarmed about!
for something lighter, PRINCESS ELIZABETH'S SPY was good, young woman working as spy guarding princesses during WWII
are you working on a new movie ?
I don't believe shit that anybody says.
#layoff news- #Washington: Effective 7/3/11 the maximum weekly UI benefit is $583. The minimum weekly UI benefit is $138.
I must say some of these avi's on my TL ratchet as hell...
you read wrong!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
yes it is!
Hi Bridget
Where were you? Or did you whip up this seviche at home?
Technology lets the economy grow/ Bob Solow
Had great morning spending time with our friends at Evanced as well as meeting lots of new people in our booth
...and saying "half" is generous~
Twitter followers, y'all so sweet!! Thank you for the Hash tag #HappyBirthdayVinceLlaguno I'm giving shout outs today RT This.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Hoping to deck out my naked new Lightspeed at the Twin Cities Bike Swap this Sunday
Currently wondering how flexible the term "recommended dosage" is.
I miss you a lot. Sometime, most of the time, I don't show it. But I hope you know my heart breaks everytime I breathe
"Rebels" thought they fooled Obama by making false claims of indiscriminate killing when it was proved that less than 3% were civilians.
yep I love muzic an football
Hey Patrick, are you mad? "Yeah." Why? "Can't see my forehead."..... Hahah gets me everytime
You know you want CURRY for DINNER...the only question is LAKEVIEW or the LOOP!!!
no way! I'm not some low-class alcoholic! Pfffttt!
that's the name of my pillow pet ! #ReallyThough. ": Your mom"
Thank you for helping break down doors for other African American gay professional men. Your message is uplifting!
Zayn is always hated on ppl saying he's a terrorist -_- well people say I'm a russian spy/terrorist just cause I'm russian japanese irish
Found a folder on my computer called "lifestyle passwords." Don't remember making it, but am curious about contents.
so Obama thinks LeBron should go to Bulls. How much is David Stern gonna fine him for those comments?
« Got inspired from a conversation w my manager. Another song done. I'm feelin it»
Maybe that's because you were skipping school ;-) RT I don't remember you being absent 9 times!
Dress, pencil skirt, or dress pants???
Ban college football, now that's going to be an interesting debate topic
This is utterly confounding: _____________________.
Toews scores in his 1st game back! The return of captain serious!
We’ve only got just one life, this I’ve learned, so who cares what they’re gonna say?
OED: storminess (1804) G. Huddesford You, like Lunar beam, Thro' my nimbosity arise; Dispensing, from your lucid eyes, Refocillating gleam
RT : oh they loving crew
congrats!! Nice work!
I love you sis
#Takeabreath. Rainy day - great day to rest and read. It's great for your mind and body.
too bad you couldn't wait 45mins. woulda made u work for that
Absolutely, thanks!!
Oh shit battery is at twenty percent!!! How will I ever holler at fat hos on twitter dot com now
Please tell your person mommy to feel better soon. I missed her at work today.
Jersey with the sister <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Check out my "Zend Framework...Without Inhaling" article in the Nov 2011 issue of php|architect magazine. Give some love!
I want to see his transcript and his birth certificate....
Apr is Volunteer Appreciation Month! THANKS to all that have helped grow the MKE affiliate! We will WIN the fight against pancreatic cancer
It's your loss
girl i couldve bet it was!!!hahahah i was bout to sayy dang Jackyy totally changeging in a positive waayy!!!
Either do the math yourself or know which follow up questions to ask.
well it's much easier to say than "Mim Elllling"
If you are a Recruiter with at least 3 open positions contact me for a Trial Climber Catalyst account.
first time we met, your face became etched in my mind.
I tweet a lot so what
While the world doesn't need another blog, it does need more '80s and '90s musings...www.zackmorriscellphone.wordpress.com.
Talking about cover design. Very exciting. This thing is almost done.
Grace is God doing for us what we could never do and what we will never deserve.
School's almost over and I haven't finished #4 on that stupid secret society list! Quick someone call me so we can converse about diversity!
Good job w/ #TEDxUCHICAGO talk! is piloting some intro programming courses w/ local elem schls, may be of interest
I love working in AV with you
Lifted on some morning tea. Smells like a gas leak in ear.
#DontBeMadAtMe because i tweet how i feel, its my page... get over it...
Yay! ": Rick Santorum has suspended his campaign. #GOP #election2012”
I wanna drink some caribou Lou with right now!!
Back from a delish Indian meal at Masala Jacks in Cotati. Needed to get fueled up to watch the Giants on TV
Judging Someone or Pointing Out Someones faults, will bring that same judgement on you! Be prepared to deal with it! God Bless You!
Do I have any Twitter followers in Portland? If so, drop me a line --
I'm glad you liked it! :)
sexy walk
105 cappers with action posted in today's games and 3 NBA, 3 CBB, and 4 NHL consensus from their picks
How Not to Redesign Your Website (A Marketing Lesson From NYTimes
follow me back?(:
Afternoon Tea Takes Tantalizing Twist | RumFire | Hawaii Restaurants
8 weeks....8 WEEKS?!?! Ah!!! Time to put my bikini order in & fine tune meals & water! What an adventure! #EmeraldCup2012 <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Happy 1st Annual National Digital Learning Day! 1110010010011001001001001000100
#Socialmedia 'A lethal weapon that can be used for good or evil' Canlis brothers cc
likes to get on my twitter and say I'm pregnant.
ah, well in that case *hugs*.... or however you send hugs on the internet lol :)
Wow! Just a thought, my passport is getting dusty! LOL :) :) :) xoxoxoxooxo
We buy material objects to serve US We end up serving THEM! Every thing that enters your house has an ONGOING contract on your time! Beware!
Happy Mothers day to the best mom ever! I love you! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
can't sleep because I'm reading your book -what a great page turner!!! amazing stuff. congrats!
Had a great time last night at the Everybody Dies Film Festival!
^-^ Birthday. Today. Excitement. *Epic guitar solo* xD :3
good advice. I've seen that mistake too many times. Xo J
RT : "I thought we did okay." -Ron Artest, mild concussion, day to day.
Hey Phil!! I like your face, will you marry me???
<U+2606> "Forget and forgive, it helps you live." ~ Happy December ~ <U+2606>
It was not a problem until I downloaded the new OS!
At work. Pretending to work.. Looking up mini elephants.. As usual... So cute. I want one
that's cool and a role model too ;-) have a good night and sweet dreams stay healthy
Christopher Hahn sends my #MiseryIndex through the roof. These Libs on Fox must be paid a lot to prostrate themselves daily. Juan. Beckel.
Preparing to spend the rest of 2010 in noble silence at an insight meditation retreat.
Is there a German word for when you re-discover a website that you meant to bookmark like three years ago?
Some people need to get their shit straight before calling someone a hoe.
I just can't stop
Only 9 tickets left for tonight. Get 'em at the box office!
happy sun g
I'm right here!! Hey ^_^ RT Where my cute homie at....havent seen her tweet today
your home tastes like ground beef and blue cheese? Dude.
Just talked to the sweetest most amazing guy in the world .
I'm a publix employee majoring in health admin. Does Publix only have mgmt positions open in the benefits admin department?
Infopath sucks monkey ear.
New spring truffle flavors are popping up. Come in and try lime curd, hazelnut, fig, Earl Grey or turtles.
It is called "virtual hold." You'll probably use it at your credit card co or internet/cable provider. Thanks for the tweet.
...plus ordering some new CKBC swag which will be available in exchange for money in the brew house shortly...and eventually on our website.
:) gasp my first favorite and retweet lol
How is it that I am always happy to hear about others booking work?
Yep. Sure did just drop a crochet hook down a heating vent. Guess it's bedtime.
Me me me me me!!!! (sounds like 1959 Miramar Playa music, HA!) ME TOO! :):):)
just let me know when the housewarming is lmao
Omg five hour energy omg omg omg half hour sleep no big deal I'm going to Vegas in a few hours omg........
What is the blend?
Its not stress that kills us, it is our reaction to it. ~ Hans Selye
Giving new meaning to bleeding
Yep Yep
letter from client to Nhoj Revird Esq. Never been an Esq. before. This makes me happy and proves I am friendly!.
420 followers.. a milestone! =)) we love you Real people out there. Honesty is a virtue.
Happy Thanksgiving UC Peeps!!!
Paul Clutch Pierce!
are you at the peaks???
great art work
yeah I met him twice but the first time we were aloud to get pictures bc there was so many fans for him. And the second time...
Nice! Ask them where they get the oil changed. That often will tell you alot about how well the car has been maintained.
that picture of you cooking reminded me of & 's spanish skit! Hahaha.
I didn't; I had no friends, I felt awkwrd just going. but case be different w/ you. I'm sure it's gonna be kickass. where at?
:D|Yeah baby! #Thunder UP! #OKC (( )) was on Fire!~Lightening strikes! Boom~boom~boom~boom!=Looking 4 a sweep!
Ohh, we're blushing! :) Thank you for the shout-out!
Rain ... Calm weather for me
What's a turbo coke?
Today is great because u are.
saw episodes of "The Rifleman recently, and came to the conclusian that Lucas McCain may have been television's greatest serial killer.
well look who it is
That's awesome Brad! I think they got it right!
I'm way too tired to wake up!
honestly I think the major thing that most gay couple are looking for are the legal rights associated w/heterosexual marriage
is it somehow uncouth to call Chen a ninja? Guess so. Great show tonight.
look up "Payphone"
Headed into the office for what I hope is an extremely productive writing day. The heavens were open yesterday. Do it again, Dear Lord? Yes?
I gave mine away. Meant nothing to me after he left. MT : Fans split on Rays Crawford jersey.
Of course. I'll look and buy u one..
fog honestly scares the shit out of me. I don't even know why.
is snapping tonight. Would hate to be whoever she's talking about.
There's that klout integration again...Klout determining the resources spent on influencers. Hope that algorithm is better...
Thank you, my friend! RT : has some of the best lyrics hands down
& - thanks for the retweets, gentlemen!
Preparing to attending the #SPC11 SharePoint Conference in Anaheim, CA. Are any of you guys planning to attend?
Went running with my mom. My hair started falling, i asked her if i looked like a hotmess, she goes "ughh no you just a mess" ah yeah.
Trying to decide which is worse: The Marlins Home Run Structure or The "New" Steelers Throwback Uniforms...
": check out my band WWW.facebook.com/ohthemomentband" do what this kid says! We did!
Stayed near bukit bintang while traveling this summer. Great food city!
#ActivateNYC12 I see Tow2 asking a question! where's ?
Danish Custard Pastry (Plundergebäck) Recipe &amp; Review | Genki ...
RT I hate this diet shyt I'm hungry!!!what exercise can I do to make my booty pop n my stomach toned??
Chillin Like A Villain
Thank you for finally showing me that dead squirel in the tree..As is squirels werent gross before...
I'm sorry! Hope you can get it fixed soon.
I thought they stopped awarding 3 shots for shots made after contact
interviewed with him a couple days later and took the offer. I see you are interning at LSU this summer that's awesome... Congrats!
WHAT THE FUCK
In admit I like the first Home Alone. But that's all about John Hughes. No faith in rebooting Home Alone's or Vacation w/o him.
Now you're just somebody that I used to know !
WHAT IT DO FUCKERS
SO EXCITED for
Facebooks posts: its raining. Its raing. Omg its raining
It's Opening Day! We are serving up $2 cans of Louie's Demise and Damsel as well as $2 Hot Dogs! Come in to eat and watch the game!!!
Where the fuck is my bookbag??
All day happy hour + March Madness = Perfect Sunday!
we were at holy cross since sunday early afternoon nd lastnight we were transferred to advocate hope childrens hospital
If I was really #recovering, I wouldn't be doing that again . . . I should be further along than I am. -Melody Beattie on Perfection
Any tips on a pinched nerve? Still lacking feeling in my arm over here...
Thank Emancipation Day.
Seriously, that was my thought EVERYTIME I was going into work when I worked at the mall.
If you are just tuning in, the NL Central is Caddyshack & the #brewers are Rodney Dangerfield. GO!
That mini heart attack you have when you drop your phone.
He really enjoys running in them when he is training. He has several bare foot styles, he goes through shoes like crazy.
Why your next hire s/b a Wikipedian: scholars + editors + IP experts + outreach/inreach geniuses + kick ass
whats up twitter what everyone doing today
aw I bet he looks so cute
thanks for having us!! maybe next time it'll be all 11 of us...
Whoa Columbus.. Are you loving this weather!?
you look real lovely khloe
Do you have a chart showing your progress? :-)
haha um yes!!! i wonder where the bio dome is located...
How many walks in that span though?!?
first day of my weekend!
would you advise against spending the extra $300 for an ipad 2 instead?
How hard is it to understand: I forgot my glasses and the bear was down low. Duh.
then who will lead the followers of the p0o?!
Central High School marching band is rocking the court!
Thank you ;) Cheers to a new day!! Make it a great one <3
Follow Me Please!? 72
Scary stat, awareness is what this problem needs.
thanks I thought it was injury related. & by the way I hate Duke! Ugh Go Eers, Beat Duke.. Although want Sparty to win it all
...or giving u the stink-eye... Lmfao!
hackoff was epic. Freaking matt in cleveland! A legandary meltdown for radio history.
How are you man?! hope you feel better. We all miss you!
I forget easily. He is easy to forget, I've been here just on my other account. Anyway I used him to get over 'him' ):
Two full workouts today.
wow this is why I love baseball!
Would Love to Direct a Music Video for You! I directed 2 Time Grammy Nomine Eric Roberson on the Video "SHE". Hit me Up!
sup koo kid
hahaha wait how'd know that q was from me?
Rolling Stones museum opens in German town
Why choose 4M for your insurance needs? Simple. Because we work for you, not for the insurance company. Don't sign anything till you call 4M
": Remember that every end is also a beginning."
thank you for sharing our deal!
Not supposed to as of now, so we shall see!
Goal of the course not to teach programming: because it's a humanities course, not a computer science course.
RT #Leo's are probably the most loving and caring out of all the signs, but do them wrong and they'll do the same to you x10.
I either want a yellow fiesta or a new focus. They're so cute and good on gas. :)
These guys are really good at parking their wheelchairs on the bus. Makes me feel bad for being terrible at parallel parking.
Looking for an accredited program to get your LMFT? Look no further! check us out! www.denverfamilyinstitute.org
i wish i could meet justin bieber ):
Back on bus 26 to Fremont. TGIF everyone!
so who's going to take over interpreting? :)
You must be in Philly with that comment RT: It's a shame you're on food stamps, but sweet new full sleeve tattoo!
Watchin tv waiting for my baby to bring me my food back..
Don't be sad I deleted my instagram. Y'all are the ones that made me...
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL MOTHERS OUT THERE!
I'm sure we crossed paths in Trenton. I was with the refueler crew for 3 yrs & we always visited the kitchen before missions.
Friend stuff
Finals tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
dang it.
It's friday friday <3 and on monday I don't have school :D #YEEEEY !
BREAKING NEWS: #StatusTv is back with Chicago's 4th Annual Free Music Video Contest.. WE PROMISE THAT NOBODY IS TOPPING THIS CONTEST. 7/4/12
We heard say pretty please. Maybe he will tweet up our sponsors at #smbmad #ford to say thank you
THANK YOU
omg I thought I talked to you about this on friday
That statement seems fairly redundant.
I NEED TO DO MY HW LIKE RIGHT NOW.
We've been itching to go there recently. That may be next on the list. Any cocktail you'd recommend?
I'm a #sundaylibrarian today! Anyone else?
We offer 10% commission for any agent who books with us
- it could happen.
be scared!
Just recorded 2 new hot trax, can't wait for the next show to show it off.
Its Friday!!! T minus 2 hours to the GMF 2010!!!! Says is going on at 6:!!!! So get down here.
Syllabi are done and submitted! I can come up for air!
Final form the Kohl Center, #Badgers defeat Mercyhurst 3-1 and advance to the NCAA Frozen Four next weekend.
hell fucking yeah!!! Wheres that at!!!
We are on Spotify for those of you who use it. Be sure to add us to your playlists!
on tonight was amazing! Finally we get to see how crazy Winston is.
So true-__________-
Follow #DC award-winning #AffordableHousing & Wellness Center providing services for low-income seniors
Diablo first time ive gotten a DM in years
Being back at elizabethton high school <<<
Love Slightly Stoopid...bummed I missed the concert! Saw them play when I lived in San Diego. Will be at the Bird's Nest 2night
let me know when you would like to schedule your appt 4 your bronze sunless Spray tan! $5 off! :-)
Laying in the sun xo
Does home court really truly make a difference?? I mean I don't think it matters
lol u and my wife would be good friends ..lol
sounds good! Let me call real quick.
Outstanding dinner in SF at La Ciccia. Off beaten path but worth the trip. Excellent rustic Sardinian menu, world-class Italian #wine list
sure :) glad it is helpful. It is a great panel.
We could have used that Miller scoop shot
Oh that's cool Internet, cut out. I'm going to bed.
Band of Heathens at The Other Side, Blackalicious at Cervantes. I don't think I could work at a cooler venue
Lol remember when TEBOW burned the steelers??? And they think they'll beat us when we have manning?!
If the grants include figuring the cost of publication for the faculty, then the Universities won't bear the burden alone goes another idea.
Shut up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
You must be looking/listening to them a lot=) The points plant seeds of logic and critical thinking. To some that isimportant.
I get so intimate with food
If you want to become a serious marketer, skills training is provided free of charge to enable you to earn serious rewards
There is no singing anymore, everything is yelling and shouting and rapping and that is real boring to a guy like me. - Bach
DITCHING! Naw she liked me :) It was easy cause i had it last year. And i needed an E on paticipation to graduate
I am listening to interviewed on WNHU about social media
My room was vandalized last night! Someone, daughter and friends, broke in a placed b-day wishes all over.
So glad you enjoyed it!
U Cant Compare Me 2 U Cuz R Life Aint Da Same......
solution until #Chicago gets its sports act together become honorary #Wisconsin #cheesehead You like #cheese anyways
I'd kill to face OKC instead of San Antonio RT : okc is going to beat your ass..and the universe will rejoice.
At the Blazers game with my fam....
That is fine. I hope you can make it to the next one. Also I will check out the link. Thanks!
it is. :) I don't normally have all my clothes n hats out though just for a pic contest.
gotta be a better way
The "mic check" for the human mic at #occupy is a call and response for attention and permission to speak -- like "ago!" "ame!"
instant regret.
That's crazy! Awesome movie. And there's someone named "Newt", lol.
Get in for FREE, and start making money joingscdream.com
Words are empty until you fill them with actions.
Flatforms are simply a trend I cannot possibly get behind
no I was expressing my sarcastic enthusiasm for your announcement.
In case anyone missed it, "Drive" is now on Netflix Streaming.
F you ten fold
I just really love my 's
Oh well what can we do..we ain't the judges..
This has been an AMAZING Mothers Day !!!
Also, proof positive of the #cultural, #educational, #political and #heritage values of social media.
#ifwomendidnotexist i'd grow boobs
“: Friday Night - poetry 8P, Lisken Van Pelt Dus; music 9P, Emily Mure. No cover.”- on my way!
I see why people delete their twitters now. Mfs be on their own dicks too much. Humble yourself thanks
Need anything from me for tomorrow?
So true! Merci RT : Ok. If y'all think is just pastry & tomato soup, think again. Delish! Can't wait to share more...
you can read chinese?
RT : How many Alpha Chis are going "Alpha" at the #Derby?
#FF my wonderful friend Megan who's heart is in philly, but she's stuck in NY. can't wait till you're back!
Hash oil hash wax scissor wax derpa derpa
Now we're definitely visiting! RT I think it's time to reveal that life in Ohio is EXACTLY like it seems on Glee.
I honestly can't with her. One of the most special people anywhere.
If someone came to my door and said get in a box I'm from the Ellen show. I would run screaming into the box! Hahah
I'm still recovering from sending in grades--a week ago
Follow me on Instagram. I will follow you back(: my username is the same as my twitter name<3
Apple released iOS 5.1. It's been running on our development iPhone 4S for quite a while - 1st release that works with Bluetooth Low Energy
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
You can ask him.
what the french is this a dawm reunion
Mine just seems excited about the whole thing; looking forward to board games after test, mostly.
NM Hot Chocolate (a steamy cup 'o cocoa with a NM kick) is my drink of choice this afternoon.
I'm into the inverted scrolling, but now I'm totally screwed on my PC! I bet there's a way to invert it on Windows 7 too.
Haha! That makes me feel better. :)
At the lake with
nice! cocktails with juice is still healthy. Isn't it?
RT : My pedometer: Today covered 6.0 mi in 91 min and burned 550 Cals | Kicking some butt there...keep it up
“Striving for success without hard work is like trying to harvest where you haven't planted.” - David Bly
VIDEO: Live rowing: The Boat Race 2012
We have 2 giant tubs of merch! Come pick some up and help us fund our next record :)
let me know when
EXACTLY LOLRT : Very Legendary, not in Chicago, which is Legendary in itself right now lol
Thank you #RoushAir for the safe, rollercoaster landing.
N the bitch would sit next to me
If Gabby wins she should really win, "alternate" or not.
Holy wars are often decided on the prophet margin.
I think my sched is clear for ass kicking
I know, right? When did we all become adults?
I'm so excited #bones it back!!
'Cause all of the stars are fading away
hope you feel better soon :)
If you are coulrophobic that is not the book for you! Very creepy!
Work is finally done. Time to do #Vegas <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Guitarist Felix Rodriguez serenades w songs of Spain & Venezuela. Beautiful last night W
That was J-Lo's areola, right?
what are you talking about??
Getting little nervous because off work soon and then to gym for my Y3T leg day
Hurray for the end of the day! Loving this Seattle sunshine!
Damn fun morning at #sfcm and et all. Morning bloody marts and design? :)
Someone needs to tell Kelly Osbourne grey hair is not becoming at her age. Nice look, grandma. And SHE'S the fashion police?
getting sick before finals week= NOT OKAY. feels like high school again, except the next week actually affects my future
50% of world's population is under 30 yrs old. Gen Y & Z consider email passe, fastest growing FB audience: over 55 & women. cc'
ha I use Benadryl for insomnia sometimes it works too well <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
#FF to the hunniest of them all...my babies
ThingsIReallyCantStand People who change because someone else influenced them to.
seeking chicago promoters! help spread the word. social media rocks!
Exactly my sentiments. As good as Kidman is, it's Eckhart that has to let loose that rainbow of emotions.
I disagree
They took her baby!!!
I cld get use to my babes shaved face! W/O the snoring.......
how have you been?
Seems like i got sum new followers! Glad for ya support!
woof! RT Excited to take & to Pups in the Park game next Sat. benefiting
Fish frys cod. Bluegill. Perch. Haddock and broiled walleye. Lunch special fried walleye sandwich.
Dad Talked To Me Bout If He Dieing Just Pull The Plug
Just got to the arena to prepare for tonights Bucks/Celtics ESPN game, Ray Allen's already warming up.
A heart in love hears music even when there is silence. - Tia Pilikian
Kindness is when you share half your orange after you've peeled it perfectly and you originally wanted to eat the whole thing.
Clearly, how the hell do you not call that. Did the ball just magically bounce itself 15 feet in the air? Come on.
Oh no good. Yeah it's POURING outside. I hope this lightning stays away from me.
Prepping for #SXSW. Any "shouldn't miss" recommendations? I'm talking Interactive. Not music.
It starts sorta slow but once you get past the shortened first season (due to the writers strike) it's ridiculously good.
if drinking a whole bottle of vodka is wrong...then i don't want to be right
All I want in life is to be best friends with 1D..IS IT REALLY TOO MUCH TO FREAKING ASK FOR?!? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
"all you have is me and that's all that i can be; i'm sorry if it let you down."
omg you were on "new girl" the episode is on right now.
name dropper. ;-)
“No tears in the writer, no tears in the reader. No surprise in the writer, no surprise in the reader.” <U+2015> Robert Frost
haha just got home. figured id just go right to bed so I can wake up early :)
Thanks for the follow.
what's up fool
Been in the game for years, but now its starting to roll
its on my fb :)
He wouldnt be a starter for us, he probably just wants play time. Good luck to you Amile at Duke.
Thanks for the feedback. I figure knowledge of the twitters is pretty important to editors, but wondered about stndrd practice
How is everybody? Are we doing good?
I did... That's why I called...
What would it feel like to have a really HAPPY new year of business where you are in the zone, making a difference w smile on ur face?
hi! Normal reply today.
Wow, Roy got the clown suit. Good job by Self.
Tempted to take a cooking class. Wondering if Andy would come too.
you are my life! your my superluv! I have been watching ever since fred is dead! you are MY EVERYTHING! your sexy too ;)
Buffalo Bills getting serious national love for their draft-
Ah! Why the hell are you making us sit on the floor. -_-
Total of places we went to at was 33. Wow.
Successful all-nighter...But not over yet...
I have NEW artwork at Art Whino's "FLIK" and the DC Art Center's "Wall Mountables"! ...who doesn't dig robots and chihuahuas?
hmm please check with live help, it might not be available on your package
hear hear
No event is too small for us to cater. Holla at us soon to get on our schedule.
Washing Your Ass W/ The Same Rag You Wash Your Face With...Is Not Cool
FTW is cliche and it's probably taken, I like Hope In Her Eyes, it's original and it seems a lot more personal
me2 but i get lonely a lot doe
I'm new in twitter... please follow me :)!
Europe holds its breath as France heads to the polls (News)
damn it.
Crap!!! School starts today!! Uggghhhhhhh
Laugh - & see how much better you feel?
Anyone think we'll see some social media records set/broken tonight during the #superbowl? We're thinking yes! Especially around halftime.
Add Mike Smith and you got it. RT : Shane Doan and Martin Hanzel. RT : Dumbass of the Day - at 6:25am!
from cincinnati we have a spot.......
I'm enjoyed my McDonalds at lunch with my best friend
was the second time harder was it still chemical bullshit
Thanks for following :) please give us a shout out :D this page is gunna be full of austin facts,quotes,pictures && awesomeness :D
Yes you can do it!
guess i roll up
Taking "potshots?" more like stating facts. Negativity? More like talking about issues.
thank you for being an incredible role model for my daughters and my son. Proud to say you represent the best in our country.
I absolutely hate UK...congrats on your national title...for now...
Dammit! Stupidly started book 2 last night and stayed up much later than I should have.
ok sounds good have a good day at work
kid what the Fuck are you always talkin about? Online poker?
Sorry about the loss of your grandfather..had recently tweeted you..just read the sad news..be well ..you are loved!
Not feeling the best today :(
With Nicolette & Angelica tweeting about going to prom, it makes me want to go, June 8 needs to come faster ! #Prom #Can'tWait
This week's #TAL has a great story about why development work is such a slow and difficult process. Required listening for the world-curious
Do you need more followers, likes, etc? try the site on my profile. It's free promotion . Hey lets follow 4 follow
I said things that later on seemed to be untrue
"No problem can be solved by the same consciousness that created it. We need to see the world anew." Albert Einstein
Send Word Now Communications -Notification of the Year Finalist! #dri2012 Come by booth #101 May 20-23 and join us!!!!
Do we even have a vice president? You never hear about or see Joe Biden anywhere.
Quick poll. Tell us [yes] or [no] if you use your phone to scan QR Codes. Please RT and use #eyechat tag. Thanks so much for your help!
We are getting started with a public hearing on the Budget Request Act of 2013.
Bongs rips on the toilet
it won't let me follow her
....bitch u stupid
how many are they allowed a year?
have I not been hyping the Waffle Crisp Mocha enough to be the one-stop shop for holiday specials at the ??
Just embrace the rain <3
": EF4 tornado confirmed for Henryville." Indiana
You rock, much appreciated for all the RT!
Nope, no RSVP necessary. Look forward to seeing you at Rocket Bar!
Awesome night with my Dim Mak family.
noo no no i need to wake up and get to school, are you going to bed?? right noww???
Regret the past, fear the future, but never, ever live in the present. Tomorrow here I come.
So people should vote against someone just because you say so without analyzing the situation?
let's go!
Why did they make us carry our books??
i feel like blasting #ACDC, busting out my air guitar and going nuts in the middle of this boring dead quiet library.
Having my students as "guest teachers" has been awesome. Totally intrinsically motivated. Next up, a young man teaching about Sikh.
Wishing a Happy Mother's Day to all! Thank you for all the support, love, meals, advice, laughs & hugs today & everyday. Enjoy your day.
Who grew your coffee? following Sprint's "ninja" efforst, Starbuks will engage employees in social media - edible tweets, anyone?
Cupcake + Pinter Tix = LOVE! Come to between 12-6 today to buy at least one mainstage ticket & get a FREE treat!
#R5InspiresMeBecause They never pretend to be something they are not <3
What's good brotha. I see you out on the road killin it.
fire congress and suspend all pay related.
One wonders if Paris Hilton will get the Lohan treatment....it is overdue
At my sisters play for Annie :)
congratulations David, and the rest of the team... well deserved !
No prob! I'm an avid #RewardsNetwork member! RT : Glad u r enjoying the program thx for the shout out!
Weird question- has anyone on here found (or know someone who found) a kidney donor through social media?
If you write one story, it may be bad; if you write a hundred, you have the odds in your favor. - Edgar Rice Burroughs
Pottermore is getting addicting..
totally will do! sounds delish!
JIMMY STOP SAYING ONE DIRECTION YOURE MAKING ME FANGIRL AND THEYRE NOT EVEN THERE.
98% of nba ain't bout that life lol
Mmmhh I love cereal lmao :D RT: I want some more cereal
11:11 got to number 19 on the top 30 count down on radio disney CONGRATS
holy Moses. Who made that?! It's beautiful. Don't eat it--too pretty.
Read Jane Hu's Girls piece w interest. Srsly though, "the show's monolithic middle-class whiteness"?
Idk if i could. ha
RT : A (Jewish) Star is Born: 1898 Mac Baker 1908 Syd Cohen
2chainz is where its at
If I fall asleep texting you, its because I didnt want to say goodbye
Gullable and systematic are beings i walk among
I smell patchouli...
now I got you guys on Facebook and twitter!I'm suzie Rhine!i know I have said this about a Bazillion times but you guys are amazin
I can only do Twitter for a few minutes at a time & then I have to leave before the addiction kicks in. Bye.
I tweet therefore I am.
no... I still have like over 500 words left
hope you had fun today! Can't wait until we hang out again!
I'm never leaving Austin.
WHEN? TONIGHT?
RT u fucked up too I'm bout to be Slumped lol - N u know this man!
I have only seen the preview but I agree with Mikey from American Chopper. It sucks you guys don't get a personal life.
haha nope! He just thought I was funny!
Prosecutor Dave Chapman moved to rears during close argument at trial
lol.... I thought u sounded like a angle. B
If I get 1 more 'complimentary' wake up call from a ph# that doesn't like to speak @ 6:30a.m. I'm going to politely share the # w/ Twitter.
I can chug an entire drinking glass of vodka. It's my special talent. If I was in the Ms America pagaent... That's what I would do.
had a dream came to my wedding last night. This is your informal invitation Willie.
I love the smell of Windex in the evening.
Don't let the fear of striking out hold you back. ~ Babe Ruth
it sounds really good. Im gonna read it then see the movie
RT : The quality of your life is determined by the quality of your thoughts.
everyone loves new haircut! even the guys at my school said "It makes him look less gay" wich for a hater is an improvement
CUTEST MIXED FAMILY AND CUTEST HIPSTER GAYS ON THIS TRAIN
hey bro do you have skype?
I'm at Steinbeck's in Oakhurst. Stop by, jerks.
NO, PEOPLE CAN'T FIND OUT ABOUT CHER TOO.
who jammed tonight IYHO ??
Attn painters: the starry night sky has reached its limit as a subject. Please find something else to paint!
Andrew Bennett is a phenomenal singer/songwriter! Check out his acoustic set if you got some time!
He loves me, this I know for sure!
thats so cute! (:
Oh, am I being a bitch? Sorry I'm not the broken-hearted girl you wanted me to be.
Build to scale! Leveraging parallel computing with #CRM2011 entities for modeling and storage;
RT : I always make up scenarios that will never happen.
I don't have too many friends...that doesn't bother me one bit.
thanks for sharing this! I just downloaded it and tried it. What an awesome free app.
HEY it's me! Just #gettincozy in the sink
what do you think is better, ppl who thought the world was ending in 2011 or scientologists?
please shut up lol
Long day w/classes & tabling for Vespa Milwaukie, but a random man gave me a discount drug card. So, I've got that going for me.
Same here! Great meeting you, and excellent seminar.
For the museum label writers in the crowd: MT The FUNNIEST ever notice seen in a museum display case... twitpic.com/684u4b
Well at least I'm feeling better than yesterday. Go figure. haha. posted a new blog entry on my blog. Link's in a tweet I posted before.
Thank you! :)
Watch out NYC a pissed off lady is coming! IRENE
I am full of air.
Arsenal remain 3rd! We must win against West Bromich in order to make it to the Champions League!
Ok, my contractor is still gettin the work n & I dare not stop him....already weeks behind
No, I have not officially "lost it", I'm making bottle cap accessories and sharing the good Magic Hat sayings. :)
Goodbye Yellow Brick Road... #greatalbum It is in my top ten all time...
We Love you Houston Places!! Who toots your HORN?
We must go through bad times to get to our best times! You can't expect something great without facing a difficult challenge.
I know yesterday was the unofficial last day of summer, but I wasn't expecting fall to happen so quickly.
hey happy birthday! c:
Yes you do!
You have changed tremendously throughout this season, mostly negative however. You know it's true Nene.
I'm definitely hilarious, but I am certainly no comedian.
<U+266B> Listening to 'Only You (Imogen Heap Mix)' from 'Joshua Radin' <U+266B>
*through gritted teeth* Take that back... ": Those and1 slippers were ugly man"
My thesis was accepted with a few minor style tweaks! Now, I am the master!
Ant then #worldpeace got ejected. I love LA
Small gift ideas and Smith teamkaker,
she looks like she is in a torture chamber
Every minute of it! And that's a lot of minutes cuz I'm constantly working!
My mom is down stairs blasting old songs and people wonder why that's all I listen to besides chris b. I get it from my mom
Hoping for some great storm chasing weather on Monday with strong thunderstorms in the forecast for Wisconsin!! Will I get to see a tornado?
arts forsake art
You can cut and paste in our builder. You can save it as pdf as well and keep it! Julie
hey now, if you embodied how creepy I think Bradley Cooper is, he'd look like Francis Lawrence
We only charge month-to-month, because we include transaction based fees. (like a cell phone plan).
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!:]]]
Fresh prince episode with will's dad tho.... :(
Agreed! "Hate Sundays without #NASCAR but having final round of Masters helps a bit. #GoPhil"
well since I failed and passed out last night! Happy birthday Austin! Your 16, can u believe it?!?! <3 have the best day ever!
Off to lunch with Ke$h. Let's see what comes from that.
mcgahee Gains 3 yards on the Carry.
What! They got the She Ratchet song on the radio!
No, the problem is the intersection of very smart people and very stupid people.
Nope... but after some googling... are you working with their Marketing team?
Has anyone ever got as little as a hand-sized stuff animal from a claw machine?
*sigh*, Apple, you should have consulted me on your ipad 3. #justsaying. start the campaign for HAPTIC IPAD 4!
Everyone is more than welcome to follow my music composer twitter!!
Can't wait to see sister tomorrow for prom,I just know ha dress fye
The biggest risk we all face in life is not moving forward with what we've learned
Didn't I see you on Chat Roulette you dirty dirty person?
yeaa... tht was me back in the 5th grade. and then i was like, fuck this, im not dealing with this anymore. so i got over it
Hanging out at #radioroom for #lastthursday. Anyone else? (via )
Information overload is costing me $10,215 to $14,301 per year
Text smileys start to look creepy if you stare at them. :) :) :) :) :) :)
Have you ever had the older people in class ask really dumb questions?
Hell yea! I cant remember the name, but have you seen the brit zombie tv series about the big brother house?
Appalled by the HEFTY catalog that just arrived. My mail carrier to make a separate trip! Ridiculous. Really? Get conscious.
Planking is a verb, but you don't have Carriacou?
": enjoy your day!!!" Will do! U as well
#raw10 In November, Weed will be voted Legal 2 smoke n Public n Long Beach. I wonder will that make the Paranoia go away?
#liber2011 “Managing down” print collections. Externalized, collaborative storage for print.
I hate digging through File 13. Aka-my trash can.
haha I'll have a marathon ton and catch up
You're very welcome! We had great weekends here, hope yours was pleasant as well :-)
Was losin' all my friends Was losin' them to drinkin' and to drivin' Was losin' all my friends But I got 'em back.
by seconds, was driving back from Mequon...It's ok, I laid where the truck usually parks for a few minutes. Next time;)
Avengers or Patron?
Blondes also belieb i dont care if justin prefers brunettes 1 of justins 1st girlfriend was blonde,TAYLOR SWIFT!& U Smile video gurl!
BRAND NEW!! Great song. :)
“: I will go down with this ship. And I won't put my hands up and surrender. There will be no white flag above my door.”
<--Mistress Wife--> A wild bedroom comedy! Lust or love?! Which will you choose?! ::Paradise Hotel:: 7:30 Nov. 19. theatre.sdsu.edu
came to my UNC Charlotte journalism class to talk with us. Man, I'm gettin' old.
What does this week bring? Don't know but bring it on!
I dreamt I was having a picnic with a bunch of gay men on what we kept calling the "Beyonce Knoll" -- It was awesome.
Ever notice on all youth FB teams there is one dad that thinks he is Lombardi ? Why doesn't he volunteer to help coach ? We all know why !
it must be. Guess we missed the memo :/
Non-directed Carpenter night! Black moon rising and The Philadelphia experiment!
Off to see Francis Ford Coppolas new film "twixt" at the castro,...
IMy book edits were due to my publisher yesterday and Harvard's semester is ending, so I've been very busy...
KOMO-TV 4 Seattle in Portland in my home tomorrow. More cameras at PDX tomorrow. Producer in Cali talking movie on Wed.
hello :D
If my mind was a Connecticut then we'd all be in serious trouble
I guess I shoulda been more like her...
Artie Lange live Also check out Artie as The Lottery Show streams live tonight at 10:30 PM. www.thelotteryshow.com
Why is it called a building when it's already built?
878. :D And I did! And started on one of the scenes that I have been looking forward to writing for just about EVAR.
The last part of the choir concert was awesome!!!!! We all had so much fun singing happy birthday to Mrs. A :)
My parents accused me of being a liar I looked them in the face & said tooth fairy, Santa, Easter bunny& walked away like a boss.
Great show tonight #TheVoice ! Awesome job brotha look forward to next season.
Oh God..I am jealous. Paris is my most favorite city.(I almost considered relocating myself there)
are we playing tomorrow?
#newtwitter Finally!! Loving it! Now I rather use the site than some applications
I wonder if you miss me.. Probably not......
Thank you to Nance and to Bobby for donating!
Thanks. At least I have twitter and my iPad to pass the time on hold.
yeah I pay people for this too lol
Anyone planning on enjoying #tea with (or after) your Thanksgiving dinner?
I'm tired
Messing around with SharpMap in IronPython.
life is more like that eels song..."tired of the old shit, let the new shit begin"...
Got it. Thanks. I'm now signed up.
Congratulations to the 2012 Ivy League Indoor Track & Field CHAMPIONS - Columbia Women Track & Field!
Say what u want. U can tell a dude lived it tho The run ur Jordans era.
A day late and a dollar short.
Ovi killed him. Might be a double minor.
Well. is in fine form today!
Haven't started seriously scaling up yet—so far mostly things like LDA on several thousand books. Next is parsing, &c.
Made my 5th loan today with for Team #Nerdfighters. I may not have much, but I certainly have enough to share. DFTBA
NO! You got more enjoyment out of that than anyone else.
chillin my dude should be headed to lunch but hey...shit happens
headed to nelson's for my last bit of ridin before the show in jax this weekend.
Thanks for visiting class today. Sometimes it's really nice to have someone other than lecturing! ;)
I still got a hangover
Crowdsourcing a memory lapse: what was the pre-collab course management system at UVA called?
Then, my grandfather was a shell most of the time we visited with him... which is to be expected. *sighs* Then, Disneyland... Weird week.
Talking to two 20 year olds is like talking to a wall.
“:squaring numbers are just likewomen If they're underthirteen just do them in your head.. #BoBurnham”
Thanks for the heads up on this. Still processing some of the "highlights" of this post. More to come, I can assure you ...
love how this kid popped a squat in your on-air seat.
Today's cooking also includes making tomorrow's pork green chili & chicken with homemade bbq sauce and marinade. YUM!
Thank-you I'll try it, that was bothering me. "open tweets"
That's a really scary and dangerous way of thinking North Carolina. It's a form of bigotry that is honestly breathtaking. I don't get it.
My Yahoo group is listed within my profile info. Soon, read my latest pendulum paper that I posted in my Yahoo group. Pendulum Power!!!
This is what happens when one stays out past their bed time
#ff because if you don't, she'll have your ass deported.
that's good. What college you go to?
just think in 40 years i'll be gone and you will be ''old'' maybe!!!
Use the dialer to call out to others so they can be part of the meeting without their computer
New characters have emerged in Book 2 Ardor: Love, thanks for the inspiration mike and sadie! PS They also just got engaged! Congrats!
how old are you mr wiz?
slow internet will be the end of my internet life.
The principal amount is not exchanged between counterparties, rather, interest payments are exchanged based on a “notional amount”
your dumb, end of story.
So hot in Raleigh today. 10AM sure came early y'all. Guess I'll roll into work and put in my 6 hours before calling it a day.
There are 11 different demensions occupying the same area
Voting for more education funding is like priming the pump for a more prosperous economy
has returned to the default world, and is trying to reprogram some of the defaults.
Damn it! Just got your tweet now! We would have totally been down!
IS IT HOOD TO DRIVE A "BOX CIVIC" OR DOES IT HAVE TO BE A "BOX CHEVY"? Ha! #SHOEBOX'
thanks becky!
It's really good! I've never seen it before!
Wake yo punk ass up!! (In my MC Eight voice) Time to make $$$$
not much, how are you? :)
One man says: "b/c of Sunhara we have many new programs in our village. The women are more advanced and are learning a lot"
The weekend is almost here again! What movies are you excited to go see?
Today Feb 1st 2011 is Launch Day! Our doors are OFFiCiALLY OPEN!
Hope everyone had a great first week of school! Don't forget to do your homework! ;) see you on Monday
Dear NBC News. Your new Roku channel is unwatchable. I'll have to find other things to watch. That shouldn't be too hard.
Me too. And apparently it's like two years old?
Something they don't teach you is how your whole life is about discovering who you already were
can't wait to hit MI!
I don't dispute he's meaningful-core. I just think his ability whip up a crowd is as, if nor more important to the sell-outs.
Yep! All the best talent is from here. ;)
Stay tuned to #LPS to learn more about the new events and offers like our new online auction!
Molina should have been called for interference twice on that play. Seriously.
Fla. law doesn't lay it out that simply.
We like gea*!
Sounds like a great way to spend Happy Hour in #Tucson - especially with this gorgeous weather! Kudos!
Oh what aa day.
is officially my FAVORITE coffee joint in the city!! So many yummy #vegan treats & (vegan bias aside) THE best tasting coffee
$500 or less, for installation and minor tweaking of the theme, simple text logo. Not a big job.
Thanks for the RT and the amazing 5 things!
I will learn to be like u
Now that I think about it, my family is pretty cool ~
Hey be sure to meet at #in2 She is a *founder* of the global coworking movement!
I don't want those grips /:
No, i dont know :( And sorry for my bad english :P
Some of my favorite organizing apps: , , ,
The black panthers weighed in on National Parks?
Well it started like this....a Cobb Conversation
Close your legs, not your heart.
The first of the #Weekly Specials are now uploaded, many more to come tomorrow Tri-State!
Finally home... (:
Do I have permission to take my son to see The Avengers tonight or is it too violent.
I do not fail, I succeed at finding what doesn't work.
sweet pic. Beer makes it even better! I'm out friends, night!
Wow, is it just me or does Paul's Twitter avatar look really skinny?
Hey hello there!
Do you even know how beautiful & sexy you are?
True. But the children...?? They are NOT going to be around forever.
is on its way to sunny
LETS GO BRUINSS! :)
Mom didn't realize you guys wouldn't get it. Her bad!
Fuck bitches get money they catch feelings n get ugly !
I know I am.
Winter finally decided to come out of hibernation in the NE. Mother Nature, quit messing around. Your performance review is soon.
Bernie Mac Show
MT : Rick Perry's ad has 376 likes on YouTube. It also has 12,253 dislikes. What to measure, what to meausure?
I use to get east HD too and they just changed it! Now I can't have my oc date with you till nine! :(
Eli pulled it off
its ok we all have r bad days rite :)
Blessings! RT “: Shout out to my first born Jordan who turns 12 today! #fiesta!”
strong work! Can't wait to hear details...
Looking forward to lunch with today!
what's his name? Am I understanding correctly he is transferring to Ky?
Thanks for the retweets!
Feng shui, overwhelming, at first, then just falls into place so exquisitely.
I guess I'm leaving for #NYC 2morrow!
Frozen yougurt sounds like a great idea for breakfast! Why not, since regular yougurt is good for bkfast. Enjoy!
If yo woman run shit in the relationship?she regrets you inside her mind & body
Wow! RT : "If you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful." -Unknown
John Tillotson~ A good word is an easy obligation but not to speak ill requires only our silence which costs nothing.
Today was the last day of spring break. I don't want to go to bed because that means break is over.
Headed to school :/ i guess it's not that bad :)
#whenimalone you never cease to cross my mind .. and when you do, i end up smiling, or crying.
that one gets me every time. So does 500 days of summer.
The custom CPU (central processor) of the HP-85 from 1980 runs at 0.6MHz.
#sljsummit10 don Leu International Assessment Initiatives PISA International Assessment of Reading - Digital Literacies
This girl be all over me like white on rice but i love her so much 4-3-12(:
Why isn't it friday
can't wait till tomorrow!!
Nope - maybe some other shows are onsale that day? Our show goes onsale May 7!
Yaay almost time to go home!! Dinner and gym!
Hey has some game!!
what is your favourite memory so far on the voice?
Someday you'll find yourself, and will you be disappointed.
I love how Dr's say "I'm gonna give you a shot in your hip" like I don't know he really means my butt. Enough bullshit doc. I'm onto you.
Deeds are eternal not the flesh!!
You find the cards, email us, we send you a check for up to $1000.00!!
Thanks we will look forward to receiving them.
That's our job! tonight! is gonna be blowing up!
Movies :D
TIME IS LONGER THAN LIFE SO LIVE LIFE TO THE FULLEST
After my last final this year I'm honestly going to take a nap that'll be somewhere between 24 and 48 hours
Great stuff as always Wickett. Nice work. Go #Brewers !!!!
Shredding was probably part of the promised service - but I guess somebody didn't read the contract!
Now here's CM Punk
I haven't either.
Beliefs is sounding heavy as fuck.
Life has been treating me well recently.
More great people to follow
Tonight's menu: curried tilapia, peas & rice w/ a vegetable medley.
Weaving together footage of Gimbutas, as well as interviews with her supporters and critics, the video reveals a visionary scholar whose...
: You look to be doing great things.
Just thought I would spread the word to a fellow metal head.
Morning game of pool with David Mehrle? Could be weird without the triangle thing.
How can you be insightful when you don't use your mind?
the new music sounds good my dude. We might have too do that collab in the near future. Get at me!! 100!!
UPS me a plate or two full of dirty rice & pasta
wow. thanks. i have to put all the other stuff on there. yay.
i do NOT feel good.
r u gonna be back for #SuperbowlSunday or do you need me to take you 40/40 tickets????? Cuz I want them <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
any recommendations for making 100's of feeds more readable?
its a good look!
This weather is good and all but it's no "amazing chicken"
What up Pretty long time huh
My dick just sneezed, can I be your hero.
I just DM'd you. Hit me back!
angie the new dog is ok. she has fear of driving in the car. but she likes coming home.
I know spring training is meaningless but these #Tigers games r fun listening to. Only 1 loss so far!
This game is ridiculous..
Cant wait! RT On the 29th I start my first day as a full time Junior Designer and Developer at … ^_______________^!!!!!
May is going to be the longest month ever!
RT : Lets go, Coyotes!
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend they can't trust.. period.
haha yes! lets
"People will forgive a man with a beautiful wife if he seems sufficiently surprised" - the new yorker, in reference to Sarkozy
Still waiting for you*******
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. ~Truman Capote
Stop being so Niggarant!
New Boyz are killing it right now onstage!
Top 5 birthday - dinner at ' and Iris. Spicy #hollywood excitement at its best. Love you
they should be hoping that he isn't suspended more than 2 games, not 1
Had a great workout with my client tracey edmonds this am!!! Damn her body is looking fierce!!!! Love that commitment!!!
I must work too early. I swear I just saw Santa waiting for the shuttle.
Excited to be on my way up to #SMWNYC, lots to learn this week, and hopefully something worthwhile to share too
It's going to be a weekend of parties, filled with delicious food from and sprinkled with a little bit of work!
Thanks Bo, fixed. Sometimes bit.ly does not do me any favors. Probably user error on my part :)
The most important function of alkaline water is to increase bicarbonates in the blood because we lose bicarbonates as we age.
San Francisco is certainly the place to be during Chinese New Year! When are you thinking of coming out to SF?
Hek Yeah! plays Thursday evening at yours truly! If you haven't checked out this terrific band, here's your lo-and-behold chance!
RT : thanks so much for the mentions. Have a great day! < you too!
m you guys are delicious :3
I can't wait to finally move away from this desert.
Haven't seen since the beginning of the year!!!
Like this status if you preferred Dalton with his beard. </3
Gas for car and mower, check. Mowed yard, check. Laundry, check. Dinner, working on it.
Great meeting today
I wanted to buy a white Bronco, but my white wife said no.
It's #Basketball time!
I need a nap...
I would like to read it sometime :) I'm sure you'll get a great grade... A++!
Lalaalaaalaaalaaaaa ... I'm bored -.-
Well the 1985 martial arts film Gymkata is certainly the fuck. Not sure why we don't say that instead of "the shit". Seems more positive.
I think I might ride my longboard to school tomorrow. \m/
Bob: Contemporary preservation movement born as anti-modernism. Hard to get traction to preserve modernist architecture.
No. "Para" means "resembling." Paramilitary are not real military, but special forces are very much part of the military.
Just woke up I'm watching vh1 videos
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088> I deserve it
the thing iz that im not even supposed to have stickam or a twitter ..sukkz doesnt it ..so i cant make one . ):
I'm rooting for the IU program and you, Coach! Even though I'm a UK fan, I admire the IU fanbase and grew up in Indpls.
ahhhmazing! Thank you! Can't wait to get there.
Did you get 50 Shades yet?!
Hey Karina, I would love to chat with you about what you're up to. I'm with I wonder if there may be some synergy.
Indeed i will give you a cookie if you follow me
Wishing the Cardinals good luck in playoffs tongiht...Go Cards!!
how are you today? hope things are well..
Ugh I need more sleep. I'm soo tired. :(
The Hookup - University Daily Kansan
Ladies Night! $5 Entry for ALL BETTIES! and DONT MISS VEGAS KNIGHTS TOMORROW FOR OUR NEW YEARS EVE BASH!
WiniWalksRunway: Illiterate Lol TyreeTerrible: What is it called when you can't read or write?
Busy day with student media projects in Horticulture and Family Social Sciences..looking forward to it!
Leinart to Oakland? so Palmer, Pryor & Leinart are Raiders? Interesting.
Thank you & ! Just a few week's time, y'all
haha, that's right! :)
Katrina Vandenberg ends a poem that swirls around the letter m: "I think of books as milk from other animals"
my pinky falling asleep >_<
Towson vs. Penn St. tonight at TU. Salisbury @ Stevenson underway in D3 showdown. Hopkins v MD - looking like a classic! - Bulldog
put on a great performance today!! They never cease to amaze us!!! <3
Bestfriends has 11 letters, but so does Backstabber.
sure,,, ill follow u back!!!
Haha me too....I miss Florida:/ Haha and btw..is that you in your icon..if so your eyes are beautiful(:
guess who's my idol... ME ! ! YEAH !!! I'm dying 2 meet myself *looks in the mirror* OMG THERE I AM.... I really need to stop talkin 2 me
Fuck your friends all they do is stay hatein.
Well itz 11:30 n i hav to go to jail i mean school in da morning. Hopefully i wake up to #moreFollowers #GoodNight Tweet Heartz xoxo
God is my sustainer and provider.
Ha, ha. That does describe the color. That and Oompa Loompa.
We are watching Killer Klowns from Outer Space. Trying hard not to wish for the power to go out.
RT : Ever try an organic beer? Peak Organic Brewing Company will be at Idle Hands bar tomorrow, Wednesday from 7 to 9pm......
My 700follower is a slut
Be Like #wiunion ! First #recallwalker! Or Americans will continue to suffer needlessly in silence. #ObamaIsWorking ...Gop isn't
It's National Family Day... and also National Chocolate Chip Cookie Day! Perfect combo! Make some cookies w/ the kids today!
i hate
Checking back in with pop radio. Not much changed since last summer. Except Adele.
hey there lady! Can't wait to see you and say hello!
Pizza, gossip and local celebrity annual
It's goin down tonight!!!
you would be amazing Amy Ohh wait you already are :-)
No problem! I will have a Sara's burrito in hand and most likely serenade you with a Train top 40 hit...just like old times.
Just learned that will play at Petco in June. I'm beyond excited! No matter who wins I win.
Stern claims deal was for the greater good. He cited those who work at the stadiums and the local business. We aren't stupid
We are now opening up for the group to ask any questions from our chat tonight.
It's a good thing they won but my sister could beat the French lol
Currently listening to spit on "Beautiful Morning." It's a beautiful morning here in NC! Wish y'all could be here to see it!!
just registered for the Joint Conference on Digital Libraries in June! #jcdl2012 will it be better than my college reunion (that I'll miss)?
Good Morning Sammi, have a great Friday! Ur my favorite on ur show! <3
...empty old oil, taco breakfast, and start getting the Mac Mini acting like a real computer...and maybe a movie.
Why does everyone always want free stuff. We should be able to hook you guys up with some killer team deals but no freebies
finally home, long good day :p
your worry implies people actually listen to voicemails...
good luck! drink plenty of coffee!
Watertown, Fresh Lobster, Seafood, Steaks, and More from (51% Off). Two Options Available.
Just cut a banana style !(:
Everybody hit the sack! We're less than 12 hours away from a Colorado State University Men's Basketball game! #Dancin!
Staying up all night dreaming.
Thanks everybody for the tweets and texts, sorry if I don't reply but I read every single one of them and I love all of you
trynna get dis album finished and need some major inspiration! N E Ideas?
That wasn't an earthquake that just happened in San Fran.
thanks for keepin the faith buddy. Topped it all off with a Cinnabon. Not kidding.
Friday: toys for tots benefit. even if you hate us, you don't even need to watch us just please drop by something for these kids. <3
Wave-Stars, Jr.Gulls-LJ Jaguars, OCHC-Jr.Ducks for A ... in addition to new NorCal GSE and Jr. Kings-LAHC. whew!
u are fricken hilarious
Yes others as well... i just like to cook ;) RT They're saying cooking. Also sports, cars, games, you name it!
Finally out of work ....
Hitting 2nite on tenor w/ organ trio inspired by Stanley Turrentine at Showman's in #Harlem USA (125th betw Morningside & St. Nick's) 8:30
i wanna draw travis clark but i can't find a picture help
I'm looking for examples of average industrial/labour wages for the UK in 1817. Can anyone help, or point me in the right direction?
"Chalkies" is apparently the new term for Caucasian people. Spread it around like VD.
*to be
Mixing mixing mixing....SO excited to share all these new tunes with everyone! Soon soon soon....
Again found the 1932 film "Rain" mesmerizing - Especially performances of Joan Crawford & Walter Huston.
Question from new convert...what episode are they on? I did season 1 plus EPs 1 & 2 2 weeks ago...then, nothing!
Patience peeps, Manning will come and everyone in Denver will be happy.
Modern in Denver Mag photo shoot this morning. I've got a bottle of Veuve and a takobiki blade. May get interesting!
#stm2012 cost of publishing is one of the costs of research Patterson
I bet your grandma smells.
finisshed my 3 page paper, bout to get a bout to eat im hungry AF!
If only my #caps had won. Heartbreaking...
happy birthday Maxi! Enjoy. ..behave lol
My car sounds like a T-Rex
LLS I Need more Followers. :l
#UnattractiveThingsAboutMe I have a bad temper....
that was ss sweet!!!!!
We appreciate the shout out. Check this company out everyone.
ha ha ha, surprised to get, but happy because I haven't heard it in a awhile. #nowplaying Rob base & DJ E-Z Rock / It Takes Two
we have the window open cause it was probably 45 and sunny outside. Now it's probably mid 30s and feels nice
am I invisible to you now? cool, i've always wanted a superpower.
My first business card had "Jukebox Hero" listed as my position. True story.
wasn't u guys the last to beat the National Champs???
That's a wrap for Day 1 of the San Mateo PSA! Had an great time, met some really great ppl & even officially Slated!! :D
and I have people trying to Indian-ize my first and last name which is really annoying
Lex and Terry radio show will actually mess with them when they call the show hotline - hilarious bit
Thanks, Jason. Your opinion is always welcome.
no more google labs??? whaaaaaa?! sounds like a time for labs!
Either way, huge congrats to Phil Humber. What an accomplishment.
you okay?:/
I feel ya, Baron! Shoulda got LowJack on that thing, dude! I got MobileMe on my iPhone just in case it gets stolen! LOL
Glee has made me cry the past three episodes
Self-nourishment is an act of kindness. Towards yourself.
in ATL stuck in mahljot traffic and pollen showers!
“: "When you are grateful fear disappears & abundance appears" ~ Anthony Robbins” - thx needed this msg 2day.
"Technical solutions are insufficient. To achieve equity HOW you do your work also matters...(i.e. trust, relationships) -LRC
Wow. "Over 100 entries" rcvd last year for documentary oscars, per Torene Svitil of Academy of Motion Picture Arts & Sciences.
they bought the naming rights to arco arena. I had no idea power balance inspired such passion.
who are all Cincinnati Bengals fans on twitter? Im ready for Thursday's draft.
I've decided that watching Notting Hill for the millionth time is more appealing than watching the Grammys. Maybe tomorrow sans commercials?
Man if i could have one day back smh
Being single comes with so much unnecessary stuff though
We are cats with nine lives, deskining and refleshing the embryonic avenues of individual perpetuation.
it's seriously like a disease here on GA
Nothing says "Love" like a perfectly brewed cup of Rao's brought to you in your favorite mug. Agree?
Does your dog LOVE the snow?> Feel free to post pictures of your dog playing in the snow on our page!
I've officially been at Fox 6 one year! What a busy and rewarding time it has been!
i was just able to open the pix...what a great one! May we add it to our website?
What a day. Just thinking…approach things the way Joan Holloway would. With style.
A reminder that Georgetown has a REALLY attractive student body.
Shoot it Collison, just shoot it
and she'd totally love you for it! :) how's your boy doing?
It sure has seemed that way lately, huh? Nothing personal-promise!
Q5: One thing everyone should experience in Europe for the holidays?
Let`s see who really love the KCA`s! RT if you going to watch!
How do we know, that our part of the meaning of the universe may not be a rhythm in sorrow?
Usally I love it wen people retweet and favorite myy tweets cause I no they enjoy it
He won't touch it unless he gets a second term.
Hi Dallas Wine Chick - thanks for following Better WIne Guide! Love your blog too - fine work!
But they gave us wine, art & le grenouille. Feel better! RT These frenchie ancestors of mine are turning into a migraine
just checking to see if everything is all good. Any links?
ima loose my composure
Ok God, I'm going to do your work. Help my #WhiteSox out....
sadly, im often up at this hour ...
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves.
Glad you could make it today! See you online!
He had an iphone for about two months, but it got stolen
Mexican and black jokes are all the same...once you've heard juan, you've heard jamal. lol
ruined my whole day -__-
Interesting presentations on how to make Foundations more effective and stay in compliance at Sports Philanthropy Summit
Spurrier has every right to be upset. 2 secs left when the knee hits. In other news... it's always nice to see the Buckeyes lose.
Happy sleep time. xD #thanks Ms.Hosic
Enjoy it man, you were a big part of it. Hope to have you back next year for #9. Yessssir!!
Anyone noticing the new enviroment in the music industry?
Tomorrow is it! We are so close to our show at Park Place Teen Center! We cant wait to see all of you!!
yeah I just look really young. Ahah.
Joseph knoy has taken kids from africa and trained them to be child soldiers this is the year to stop him PLEASE HELP!!!!!!!!!
following now!
lol indeed im hanging out with the folks in occupy toronto.. :) fun bunch of folks
Saw Red Tails this weekend...Good Movie, Actors did great. If u haven't seen it go see it
thank you!
I love this show RT : HBO renews "Treme" for a third season. Are you watching this series?
Pay attention to your cabbie and the road, not to serfdom! RT : Right to be a serf.
Same.. there's almost an embarrassment of riches thing going on.. I'm not really sure what to try with the data..
The more public i am, the harder i have to strive to remain brave.
O I'm Such A Jelly Fish Right Now! You Luckkyyy Gurlll But At Least You Got A Picture With Them!!!
asdfghjkl; jill from dance moms follows me now.. yay(:
She said dont preach to me, nigga hold up..
There is no such thing in anyone's life as an unimportant day ~ Alexander Woollcott
I bet they have an awesome ad agency.
Even Antarctica has an area code. It's 672.
Why do some people feel the need to tell everyone everything.
RT this? This was the first Carrie & Lauren twitter EVER!
Why are you posting these sleezy ads if you do all you say you do?
I'm addicated to the bubble shooter game on my droid. I wish I could have temple run though.
Hanging out at Aria waiting for a game
is backing up the laptop, it needed it badly - 60gb of photos!
A little Marvin Gay & Chardanee
I guess at that age you had forgotten the rules of the road.
Thanks! Spread the word - we just launched it. I wish I could compete, too!
Thanks Russo! We are thrilled to have you be a part of ! :)
Compression and Uncompression are Much Faster Now!
so your friday night is all planned out now?
and a good point guard at that! this kid is gonna turn some heads
A hero is someone who understands the responsibility that comes with his freedom. - Bob Dylan
If you missed my stunning episode of Tyler Perry's House of Payne, you can catch it Wednesday at 10pm on TBS. French Waiter. Wow!
I met you todayy:)
I've become so bad at texting people back. I used to hate those people.
Watching love don't cost a thing ,
anyone break the cycle
Hi I love you! Do you mind following me? Come visit California soon :) -Gabby
was all that in your purse this whole time??
Get my take on #MayweatherCotto PPV event on May 5.
#FF I hope we play sometime, little bass girl. nice to meet you. C u in july!
Opening Night of MilkMilkLemonade !
Of all the talented actresses out there looking for a break, insufferable rich Atlanta Housewife gets cast on Glee? Un-American
Approval of Upper West Side rezoning plan is victory for small biz & consumers alike. I applaud for helping make plan a reality
gotta get my Ls back
I've proposed it as a " Birds of a Feather" session at NECC, so we'll see if it gets accepted. TX would be great, too
girl who said that????
best movie ever !
have fun you two!! Take care of my Piccolina!!
Just tuned into the Clippers Griz game and Gilbert is guarding Nick Young. 2 former Wiz going at it
Free story idea: Roundup of non-state-run campgrounds & parks for people worried about a gov't shutdown.
Thanks alot bro! same here man, u cool, and i should be back lol I honestly wish i wasn't, i was jus teling that lol
Why do I always want to punch Mike Tomlin?
oh okay. I see.
Windshields were made to break a certain way in an accident, but only if installed correctly. Call Auto Glass Experts for more 414-409-7263
"Sometimes Parents just don't Understand" - Will Smith #90'sHardcoreRap
do u prefer boxers or briefs?
Shoutout to my followers that checked to see if I changed my number.. It's the same, I just didn't pay my bill lol.
ha. Well played Vincent Charles.
The Amy Senser jury room & the pressures that come with deliberating the case. What our legal expert says is going on in there. KSTP at 10.
Never made it to the gym yesterday so I better get a move on before procrastination steals the day away.
like adele she is fantastic! I love rolling in the deep its a song I would sing to my ex
man i hope you will be. and who needs to follow doctors rules?! lol
thx for the mention!
#Orlando home investments is hot! Last week has been nuts crazy!
Having rap some
umm I'd probably just flick you in the eye
Based on psychologic study, a crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months. If it exceeds, you are already in love.
lol you asses .
#sschat Planning on trying a QR code scavenger hunt for a review activity...any tips from those who have used these in the classroom.
I think Title V was funded for the first 5-6 yrs after NCLB signing. Haven't found a source on funding of Part B (charters)
Mega64: Elite Beat Agents (HD)
im following (:
A cold front comes in right before Halloween weekend! Are you kidding me!! Hello Mother Nature but don't u know costumes aren't very warm!!
I agree! I want to know what happened!
I would love to know the socio-economic status students in everyone's school district - % free lunch- it impacts the conversation.
RT : Never trust prosperity that accompanies prolificacy. Regularly reinstate UR humility w/ the birth of every new brainchild.
g'day
Justin Bieber The Rapper: Hot Freestyles, Groupies, & Paternity Suits (PHOTOS) Summary: Over the past few years, fans have watched Just
A student thought I was fifty once. I ate a lot of cookies that night.
I want one of ''THOSE'' nights haha (:
Happy Birthday!
All sorts of loose ends get tied up on season finale of #DowntonPBS... or do they? Find out Sun 9
Cornelius Pass Roadhouse has the Octagonal Barn avail for a group of 100 on 10.11.09, contact a coordinator for details at 503.693.8452
that is weird anywhere...maybe her skin just got really dry over the winter?
“Striving for excellence motivates you; striving for perfection is demoralizing.” <U+2015> Harriet Braiker
and yes, it is that kind of party #m&ms
welcome; thank you too <3
Loves Oakland traffic.
Memo to the Orioles .... the Pittsburgh Pirates are in FIRST PLACE .....
lol no she's
Phantom of the Opera, here I come!
Anyone think I'd get good tips if I opened up a Kool-Aid stand in the ghetto?
you in NYC this week? If so, I have an invite for you!
yeah sup.
Twitter open-sources its MySQL tweaks: Microblogging site reveals some of the enhancements it's made to the database technology it us...
he's refusing to get in front of the ball like he's in 9th grade or something.
Ring out the old, ring in the new, Ring, happy bells, across the snow: The year is going, let him go; Ring out the false, ring in the true.
That's because it's neogaf, bro
RT Q4)... We aren't here to change people. People are people. That's bedrock. That's our starting point... #lrnchat - Amen
Mom's are always there first to set things up to welcome you to your next move, same as when you were born here on Earth. peace AL
as in they should have headphones? (Ill ignore the touch screen part)
no but i was in the front row and louis and nial held my hands<333333333
2½ years: Average length, from complaint to settlement, of an employment lawsuit.
don't start sumthin u can't finish
We love nightlife because people become people who they really want to be.
'con queso' two essential words that add so much to any burrito
thanks my G.The team and I appreciate that indeed.
thought he was dead
i am will smith
Very nice! What was the opening?
I am listening to a loop of the Enterprise D engine room background noise, LA police band radio, and ambient space music simultaneously.
i don't even know what to say after watching that...
Tested a new locator map in Mexico - went to enter a city, first that came to mind was Juarez. (Looking down, shaking head.)
I think you should follow me back ;)
My pic with John is gonna be perf, but it's a secret I'll tell you at the show.
actually baseball sucks, thats why its called a "pastime" not a sport
Obviously, the board's not going to vote to save on transportation, which was one of the things it's planning on to reduce its $60m deficit
you should come visit again and write about your experience
My wife always supports Team Russia, so I do, too. I'm just ignoring you-know-who.
June was one exciting and interesting month. Whatcha got for us July? Bring it on. =)
I'm part of the cartel.
“: boring texters should just fall off the face of the planet #thankyou” best not be talkin bout me fool
Happy Birthday ! Keep up the good work :)
Just washed my hair. It feels so good! <U+263A>
Food fact of the Day: April 12, 1989 The USSR issued ration cards for sugar due to a shortage.
Now that that's over, I can finally get to what I signed up to this for: live-tweeting "Finding Bigfoot."
Bi-Winning- the act of winning both here and there. A bi-winning person is someone with the blood of a tiger. The opposite of bi-polar
FYI I'm eating granola w. my legs propped on the tree stump I use as a coffee table listening to instrumental covers of Death Cab for Cutie.
Possibly the worst UPS Store is #4405 at 6140 Gun Club Road, Aurora, CO 80016. Terrible service, don't care about customers! AVOID!!!!
social media movie - wonder if it is worth going...
Stay faithful.
Diamonds are forever , she my bitch forever!
hey plz follow me bac Hav something 2 tell u n I really wanted 2 c u @ citywalk but my mom said no were goin on June 5 :(
Good work girlie.
I know that Patrice is and i think Rashella as well.
I just meant if you are on reddit that I'd follow you if you have an active username.
when is the broadcast going to start?
What is your favorite CMS?
New avatar! I like!
Rocky IV never get old
Fallin asleep to the sound of the rain
don't interrupt minikeg Monday... On a Wednesday.
Algiers..I think
oh, you must be talking about that whole "life" thing. Best of luck!
just had dinner fine dining
I think ima go roller skating.
: ha yes I told him Regina lactated on the notes
Good morning everyone! B)
“: #TheBestThing when you can be in a relationship with no drama..” wish that was reaaalllll
Hey there! I mustache you a question; but ill shave it for later ;)
I'm gonna miss this. What a freaking cool thing. #ompf A thousand thanks to for letting me be part of it!
Yellow Pine St LBC It's a Grind alum.. Micah herein ;]]
Also, I've got a paper topic and 7 sources for class on Tuesday = productive spring break.
Jim shoettler just might be a Democrat
i just sent her a mean text lol
The only way not to think about money is to have a great deal of it.
Be sure to share this link at work and in your Facebook statuses so that others will know we're here!
I thought it was dinner, but it's possible. I know you left your bag there and ran back for it. We ate indoors then, though.
I remembered that I never asked you my second question that I wanted to!
oh wow, thanks for the support!! Much appreciated :)
I still don't understand why you walk with us in the mornings I obviously don't like you
guys u mean.
Pandora is on point..
why we remember this a decade later is beyond me. but that wb show also had Kate moenning from the L word...so,points for that!
Doing historical research and knowing how certain stories turn out results in experiencing a lot of dramatic irony.
On my way!
I hate feeling like this for a guy:(
I love Freakonomics Radio.
The beings were shining like silver or a mirror but nothing reflected off of them, I was looking for a mirror effect but there was none.
NCAA academic progress rates for the final four: Kansas: 1000 Kentucky: 974 Louisville: 965 Ohio State: 952 Guess I'll be rooting for KU.
No dumbass, not all guys are like that.. pretty sure not everyone falls into that sterotype.
Biggest takeaway from DistribuTECH is that US economy is strong. Industrials big and small: "best results we've seen in years"
maybe I can meet them. Trying to set it up early in summer so it won't be too hot. :-)
saw that coming, he was due
listenin to a collab of the two worst rappers of this century LMAO...Soulja boy & Lil B
Excited for the Wedding University meeting soon!
#True RT : Make sure I stay motivated
Nice haircut and shave Double King!
Lots of great news and great people at the #WGBC Annual Meeting today. Love the Duffield Branch Reading Garden!
Snow just east of Abq- reports of 11 car accident I-40 westbound @ Cedillo Hill.
Kudos to the WA Health Dept and WA Legislators for their vaccination program
Before I woke up,I was filled with blood and wounds, hiding under a staircase.
Which is sad. It's his 2nd election unopposed -- not because he's popular, just low interest in wanting successful SD schools.
#terrygross is bringing tears to my eyes ... Incredible interviews with firefighters who survived #9/11
love it! I'm doing some DIY Ombré action soon. That white collared shirt did was everything. Loved it!
Appreciate yout finding us on Twitter!
in regards 2 geo based ads, I assume the recipient has 2 sign up 4 individual solicitations how is permission scaled?
Have a deep respect for Opera singers! There is more to them then fat ladies singing
Met you at The Actors Network way back, out of about 100 thank you letters I've sent, you were the only one to send one back.
happy birthday...its mine too :)
Volunteer Orientation at Sacramento Animal Control is tonight. I promise not to leave with anymore dogs...maybe..
dj shy and dj dario from power 98 will be in da mix 2marrow at the state capitol
you drink that stuff? if so, how?
3 months is too long with my Russian!
haha suree for u :) he is cute but mikey gets more attention from me ;D there all cute mikey stands out tho
UCLA class as an experiment in public history, bringing together UCLA students with high school students who know the community
"YOLO. Tell that to Jesus." -
no problem.
who inspired you the most?
been here 13 years and still never been to to Telluride. Is that where the Blues N Brews fest is held?
must admit I'm still watchin those world star videos...
Fucking pissed right now. Can't believe Lakers lost this game.
I did! Hahaha.
No bourbon! No mint! No horse pick! It's criminal!
ooofff....gotta work
i wonder if greyson see's what we write on here??
Ah um ah um
Cheers mate. Like ur new avi
Light House - Wrightsville Beach Magazine
Hahaha LA just fell apart!!
RT +1: The Reunion will be this Sat., June 18 from 2-5 p.m. at the Coventry Arch by the Library.
Hey we're hanging out in a tweetup with other water folks today! Check it out at
clean up and doing my hair
Like where da after party u niggas broke as a joke got Bitches laughing probally
ROI is not number of fans, retweets, posts. Those are metrics.
I got a new fashion Magazine releasing to LA... Would love to get you guy's in involved! Let me know!
& I pray we never undo
see your face shining Like the moon in the night
I have the most amazing family<3 they are the best support team in the entire world.
History Professor
would be mine too! I've been looking for one everywhere.
follow me back? :)
yeah haha btw my hammy is better so we need to get to the rec center soon to ball
I just found a person impersonating as me on twitter and sending sick messages to news organizations and the president. Calling the police.
What's with the one game opening series between the #Cardinals n #Miami , a one game series??? Makes no sense
Day 1 of the 2012 National Sports Forum has been a huge success! Great speakers and topics on today's agenda.
i always forget about my feet
Sam and Dean go to Kansas to investigate Plucky Pennywhistle’s Magical Menagerie. #Supernatural is on tonight at 9 on CW20!
Yall never heard of Norman Mailer's "The White Negro"?
How u pregnant all the way up to yo chest
Great nite! Weather is perfect!!
you doing the "Twitter Thang" now?
Cookie Cutters hair salon! The stylists all do side makeup and perfume though!
My web site is back. Unlike other high profile sites there has been NO lost of personal information here. It has been an enlightning 2 weeks
Dear girls! FYI...constant spelling error...it's YOU'RE secretly my fans! ;) Thank you...your Twitter English teacher...lol!
alright!! alright!!
Im ready!
The only thing I can say is Skylar is too good for American Idol! Love her country rock vibe!! On to Nashville!!!!
I know what you mean.
I know, we're human. We all want our cake and eat it to at times but Im only for one!!!
We are all chum.
By the end of the #weekend we will know who is going to play #BYU in the #BellAFB. We can't wait to see who it's going to be!
Happy #Easter to every one :)
That's the only explanation..it was too real!!! There is NO faking in that moaning there. lol
Watching dead poets society and they just referenced a collect call.
well yeah he may just go there to retire and do mission trips.
#BOYFRIENDReview It shows us that you're growing up but you still follow your heart!!
also great gif
Theres nothin a little saturday night live cant fix.
that's still a thing? ew.
I can't believe my dad just asked me what my birthday was because he forgot!! Unbelievable!!!!!
Being at the office during RSA feels like working over Christmas break. Here's to a productive week!
Like, they didn't help create the mess!!
you're welcome!!!
Missed Ustream Again tonight :'(
Woo Hoo! Date Saved! RT : Save the date!! The Betsey Johnson All Access fashion show at Tysons Galleria will be Sept. 29 at 8pmish
Opened Webster's to picture of human kidneys. Thought label said human kindness. Took several seconds to puzzle it thru. Must be
Happy Chinese New year! Bring on the dragon.
Thanks Julieann! RT A timeless piece! RT : The Paraguas Chandelier from is wonderful...
FOLLOW she's amazing and followes back! . =)
Hello and Good morning Chicago! What a BEAUTIFUL day! Any #nonprofit events?
I don't care how many times I do it, sending an email to hundreds of thousands always gives me the jitters.
totally worth it! I ordered everything on Amazon: lamp was $120, the top and base coat were $40 and the 6 polish set was $70.
That's easy you should do something crazy
oh... Well i gotchu wit a plate
im jealous! its like 80 degrees outside and its like 90 in my house!!! and nothin much!
A Hip Hop classic T La Rock It's Yours: via
"fingerlings" ? that is definitely 1 of my most favorite things, as u clearly know better than anyone else on the planet :)
Movie recommendation is Leslie Nelson in "Airplane"
The Serve Report lists Ohio Special Services Group () as one of the top 75 "influential must-follows"; Inv & PS Agencies on Twitter.
not HIPAA if they come forward on their own. A sick pt is more than 1k words. #APRN chat
Yup, you gotta enough ?
Knowledge indeed! Ride those tracks like a silver bullet train.... Got House?
Bout to head home wit my baby! U got Wat u wanted but not Wat u was lookin for!!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
the realization of knowing you have no chance with </3 sad times lol.
Hehe today I tripped me stupid brother or what I like to call my sister!
If we're doing countries, Tony Parker, Nic Batum, Kevin Seraphin. Not too shabby, Frenchies.
omg what candy? I'm heading to maui tomorrow
KCAI animation is hosting writer/animator David B. Levy at 7 p.m. Feb. 16 in Epperson Auditorium - free and open to the public.
the lyrics that is.. not the story behind it..
RT "Stay up late. Strange things happen when you've gone too far, been up too long, worked too hard, " ~ Bruce Mau (+ me)
Well, his is an opinion I trust, so that's good news.
Anyone know if is playing tonight?
When people criticize you, be sure to ignore it. What they think of you is really none of your business, that's their issue lol. (dc)
i will never find SOMEONE LIKE YOU again<3
<U+2714> Food <U+2714> Bed <U+2714> Music <U+2714> Twitter <U+2714> Cellphone = Perfect day»»
also, he is wearing #7. Serendipity?
Joe Morello (Dave Brubeck Quartet drummer) R.I.P.
RT George Clooney was arrested. It's been 15 years but they finally got the bastard responsible for 'Batman & Robin'.
I hate carrots... But if wants me to eat them, then by george I will eat them!!
is there something/somebody turning your head upside down or are you in Asia?
The heat loseing this game
do it!
Such a genius! But why are they trapped in that cage thing, in the first place? :(
Refreshed after morning yoga. Ready to start my day.
I just sent that to R, so awesome!
I read that as ''homeboy''. Looks like it. Or I'll come with and make balloon animals.
LIZZIE FTW
I WANT THOSE...but they don't come in my size :(
ohh ok then so i flew all the way out here for nun oh yeah its my birth day
Isn't an Oracle User Group more of a psychotherapy support group?
says Obama will "destroy the economic fabric of our state" but he can't decide to vote for him or not? Both can't b true.
“: Virginia OLB prospect Cam Johnson interviewed with the #Packers at the Senior Bowl.” Thanks 4 this! Please draft him!
glad to hear it dude, happy to help.
I wanna be single ; /
Feeling like crap, think I have a cold, sore throat and feel exhausted!
Happy to have and Ionut in the zipongo office this week to help with some exciting product changes!
Why waste so much time meditating on the lies of the flesh & enemy? Fix your focus on what GOD said about you! His words are truth and life!
are you the real courtney
Rest in Piece, Dick Clark. Thank you for all the memories :)
The cab driver is rocking out to "I will survive". Bad breakup? Lol
The Avengers, oh yea bring it on
That moment when you run into someone at a tux shop that you didn't expect to see
Note sure how this early to rise routine is working out. I wanna retire by 3pm.
THIS!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089>“: no one said that you had to endure SO MANY losses before you experienced the wins. dammit.”
right? we were on that shit!
Hey Boo, hey! you need an jersey
light the sour up so I can get a buzz ..
I don't want to get over her, I want her back.
Good idea! I think there's a children's book in that...
thank you. Have fun at the harlequins show!
none of the previous four had
Just getting home after a super long day. Going to chill out with some popcorn and a movie : )
Slowly working my way through 's 100 best tracks of the year. Stay tuned for my top picks.
like about 15+ all together. Haha
I fucking love D At Sea's cover of The Sadness Will Never End.
first i eat the edema-me then i suck on the edema-me outer shells then i repeat with another bowl
Saw in Downtown Melbourne today. Not really! But it would've have been cool... #Brevard :)
Ran out of diet pills!!!!! Now eating KFC & Taco Bell
well....last night I left the convention early and danced w my wife in the French Quarter after dinner!!!
Nice D Gmen!
Hi! Rosie is adorable...
omg let's any time but warped tour or august is perf
shut up
count me in!
One Step Closer
I just ate so eat me !
More than ready for Four Tet at Who else is hitting up this show?
Did you catch the Thiebaud cake doodle on Google yesterday? Gee, there should really be more art about baked goods.
I'll give you a call tomorrow when i know if it's ready to pick up!
Too lose this series to Houston shows we r at bottom..
send me some questions and I'll do my best.
You do NOT want to know what Willy Wonka did with his oompa loompas in his dungeon.
Whew!!! Finally a break from meetings! Nap time???
2 upcoming shows, Feb 4 in Lake Charles and Feb 17 in Houston.
I'll look into enforcement and anything Larry needs to know timorrow morning
counting today we have 16 days left of school
May 7 is the next game. Come tailgate with us too!
Wish i new how to play piano!
Brainstorming good stories to tell tonite. Got any good Mom stories?
Not surprised the whole nation doesn't understand how Bo operates. Get your licks in now folks ...
Officially my favorite thing that happened at the #goldenglobes: the Felicity Huffman and William H. Macy duet!
Honestly, I would like the deal more if Ellis opted out. Still a shit trade though.
I would, but I think I'm too old :)
Starting to get excited about upcoming visit with
That is very ADAM advice... duly noted. Don't you feel like a fraud though? Maybe it's better to be real & sometimes hated...
Are you on the twitter website? At the top of the page there should be an icon that says "@ Connect"
Yep -- we've got a Menu Planner today, which will be enhanced with individually saved meals in the future.
I mean, the Talk Wordy To Me! heart....
When you reach the point where you want to give up, look behind and see how far you have already come.
Can I just die now or....
Headed to church Greater Union Frist Baptist of
thank you!
how u doin?:)
Sitting down is so nice sometimes... :)
Love the podcast! Hoping to make it out to LA for a meltdown show in the near future!
Text Me (:
It's not quality it's quantity
you are welcome
RT Are you a local San Diego County Resident? Logon to www.hometownpass.com and ride FREE with a paying adult guest!
Its really sad to hear that Gary Carter has died. R.I.P
I'm a very lucky girl.
I've cried more over these two one tree hill episodes than I have in the past year....easily.
Shooting for an MTV show last night went great..as we say.. any small part could eventually be the only thing you need! #ThisTeamIsOnFire!!
I ate an ENTIRE pot of jambalaya today... I made it today at 12!
I should probably get around to consuming something other than coffee at some point today.
: God bless you and your family.
“: woah! And yes that is family! She aint goin no where.” we already know sisters forever!!!!
You can't take it when your gone
If you don't realize what you got WHILE you got it..u sure will realize what you HAD when it's GONE
“: Fabian the arabian ” damn skippy with a flying carpet
so i get out the shower and put clothes on and im wonderin why my outfit not lookin right...and i realize i forgot to put on a bra lmao
Thanks for joining us! Lotsa good juice indeed!
Dead serious. Confession: I only took 1yr. of typing & flunked. Then dropped out of school in 9th grade. Mercy!
Happy Valentines Day <3
My vagina, not yours
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you. ~ A. A. Milne
Felt out of place though in my swim shorts
Got a problem with me ? Solve it. Think I'm trippin ? Tie my shoes. Can't stand me? Sit down. Can't face me? Turn around.
Tasting is believing..I have to take him out for a classy cocktail! (Oh and not call it Corpse Revival.)
Kindsa Detroit Redwingsish? you thought you had those red wings teams on the ropes they hit another gear.. like Roger Federer
Nyquil,thank-you so much for working your magic,
100% yes. RT : Phelps lives on!!! Congratulations, Brady. Did you name him after the baseball card magazine?
J&B's Tavern Sat. CD Release Party With Specyphi ...wsg. Red Soul Rising......New laser light the Cold Beer will be flowing hope to see...
I wonder what is up to?
Working hard at my new job, writing a novel and conjuring up ideas on a commercial.
yup we do
High Stakes Poker News: Isildur1 Up one day then down another!
Loving Kandy new hair cut
gray area. 1/2 cheating and 1/2 being resourceful. You lose points for forgetting in the 1st place.
So much snow!
looks like they're taking a leak!
I dont enjoy the hair of those kids from One Direction. Those hairstyles fill me with unexplainable anger especially when they were on SNL.
All I ever want to do is pe. WHY, BLADDER, WHY.
It feel good 2 be loved!!!!!!!
Thanks for a great set visit at your new downtown home today. I can't wait to watch the first season of ALL-STARS!
whats your number?
Can they just go out already?
Spelling, all of you!
Cohen: Don't let your content be antisocial, where it just sits in a corner and doesn't talk to anyone, and no one talks to it
The classes will be every style of dance that I knw, but mainly hip-hop
Blurry avi's << I wonder do they do it on purpose?!
"mobile Internet is not helping people overcome demographic differences" - with a hung head
Stretch break in Albany. Home by 1:30 tonight!
MCPSA is pleased to host a St Louis Student Enrollment Fair at South City Prep on Grand until 2 today.
#wellington call me maybe ? ;) 4692330512 <3
Wish I could have made it...looking forward to checking it out! RT : Opened up last night for PASIC attendees - great event!
Only white family in this whole restaurant
are you at Abercrombie ?
I have told all my friends to follow :))
My only trending topic is the cash.
It will probably be Kentucky.
i graduated from vegas high n u?
If my roommates won't come downstairs and reset the modem when it's on the fritz they shouldn't stream video when I'm watching StarCraft.
heat transfer printing made easy with heat press & ink jet laser paper and transfer paper. Print St. Pat's Day t-s in time for tomorrow.
LOVE LOVE that one!!!!
around the world cruise. who has 4 months to do that?
Retweeting is what I do. c:
Sounds like you are busy!
This. Weekend. Needs. To. Be. Over.
That's like asking, which 1 candy do they want in a candy store. It's hard coz YOU JUST WANT ALL OF THEM! <3 x
oh ya
haha austin got
Turning an upper division course for majors that meets twice a week into a once-a-week course for non-majors does not, in fact, equal fun.
Kendall Sexy Schmidt Kendall Sexy Schmidt Kendall Sexy Schmidt Kendall Sexy Schmidt Kendall Sexy Schmidt Kendall Sexy Schmidt
u dont like the pick?
RT : "A moral lesson is better expressed in short sayings than in long discourse" ~ Johann Georg Zimmermann
That would be rather bad if you forgot church tomorrow.
Yay! Just saw ! Love that it takes #aam2012 for us to finally see each other.
Happy birthday beautiful :D i'm still older than you by like 7 months ;b
I love so much and I love seeing all the love he gets from other fans!
Shout out to my boy my frat my sandzz Adam Gettis, he just got drafted to the Washington Redskins!!!!
I'm blacked out in Indy, where are you?
1:00pm *Hears noise* "Hmm I wonder what that was..." 1:00am *Hears noise* "OH MY GOD WTF WAS THAT!"
Nobody claps for Gingrich saying lots of government programs do good jobs. Funny.
Wow, it's July! Where did the first half of 2011 go?!?
i've never seen the notebook... im weird.
Fuck me like ya missed me
The best salt for your health is natural and unrefined, not heavily processed (which is the type used in most processed foods).
Loving the life that I'm living.
Everyone keeps telling me he's a keeper,I just say it's to early to tell(: I'm not gonna force anything(: just let it be.
I should probably get put of bed soon.
neither was I.
Remember my sentimental friend, you will be judged not by how much you love, but by how much you are loved. ~ Wizard of Oz
Wats that App yu be using to download mixtapes
A year ago today was one of the saddest day of my life. I miss you, Jimmy.
Tell something good about me,lots of things plz :)
i still can't believe that today was breast cancer awareness day at busch stadium. and on the 13th. my grandma was definitely with me <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Just contributed to 's spring pledge drive in honor of the great #waltbodine -- a Kansas City icon. Thanks Mr. Bodine!
ugh. its whatever though
Sandler is making GrownUps 2. Should start a petition protesting any airline that shows this.
-_____- you obviously think its a joke then
you don't bring him up to be a 4th of. Nate is fine for a backup. But he shouldn't be starting over presley & hit 2nd
i don't completely know, I think ppl believe she changed justin and dated him for fane and they don't want her to do
Go in doeith via
Watchin a movie.....
Our Personal lines department specializes in Homeowners, Condominiums, Cooperatives, Automobile and Historic Brownstones.
TREE INFO- don't forget to disenfect your pruning tools with alcohol. Especially after pruning fungas infected branches from fruit trees.
lol it's staring at u xD
Midyear tests in #APUSH and #USHISTORY - GOOD LUCK STUDENTS!
that's the worst grammar i've ever saw too.
I didnt get nothing bro whats gud doee": I jus hit u up on the books"
Faith Is Not Believing That God Can, It's Knowing That Go Will
Hey , doesn't the removal of ships make Wake Island a bit of an odd choice? Ships were what made OG Wake so balanced.
Guys, I have plenty of Jabeneros left. Suicide Bomber anyone?
Hey! RT : "I'm a movement by myself...But I'm a force when we're together"—FABOLOUS, featuring NE-YO, "Make Me Better"
Only one night in Chicago and I got to spend it with some Giordanos pizza, Goose Island beer and an old friend. Thanks, chi-town!
lets get together soon and shoot
Thanks for the FB add. Please check out the RockerFoxMC page on FB. It's a page for women riders. Have a great day!
Auditioned for East Highs Womens Choir(: I think I nailed it(: now to wait till she posts the results after Spring Break!
#3 reason to be at #partyrock Wednesday: you and all your FIRST TIME FRIENDS will enjoy the VIP lounge with Free In-N-Out!
Cocaine's a helluva drug.
Haha, thats good, and same thanks:D
Is anyone around Santa monica today like around 2? I need someone to sign for my mail order bride.
just met Jack Johnson, the musician, and he asked if i knew about nature deficit disorder!!!
All I do is play guitar...
Made the mistake of throwing the Catch Phrase in a box of books and it's making a tiny beeping sound once every 15 minutes.
zbo does make the same lol. His contract is just a year shorter. And part of Rudy's problem is correct play calling. We need
My Napa trip countdowns are at 13 and 35 days. If only we could keep up once a month jaunts... Cannot wait
get a life homes, niggas hackin
RT #Bring1DtoSanFran. Get it trending guys(:
when do u work again?
Yellowtail Dam on the agenda for this afternoon.
lol I didn't have ur number saved my bad
I pulled a pedro moment today and cut my hair by myself.
- Oh yeah. Who? Jeff and Russell?
yea but you good now punk with to white self !
going to Todd game after that nothing inbox me ur number and we will come after that
My sister is snoring....lmao!
sorry to hear about Spartacus, I've been through that, it's very exhausting. I hope Sparty is ok. Give him hugs. #Love dogs!
how's that awkward haha?
Doing the first of two Ph.D. exams this morning. Should be "fun."
no sir...? Elaborate?
Why is it so hard to understand -- vaccine recommendation DOES NOT mean mandate
please follow for information regarding your prize. Thank you.
Cabby single, Prince triple, Delmon double. I can listen to this all summer :) #Tigers #WhoNeedsSpeed?
I love my mommy.
Quickies RT : “: jumped on me this morning to wake me up and then went back to sleep -_-” lol I got tired.
I am really liking The Carrie Diaries.
Anyone have #wedding DJ recommendations? Send 'em my way if you do!
happy new year for you too :)
as long as I update with the new shit I won't :)
Maxims, our blind pug snores the worst. George and Ira, our Chihuahua brothers try and keep up but there just isn't enough mass
chanting "Jorts" after that dunk in Denver, CO!
had to follow
it's good! we're preparing for the greatest 500 mile dance/hike/story-gathering ever. hitting the trail in less than 2 months now!
super nice benz. let's hope he's okay.
Dayton is chill but I should have gone to UCSB
I couldn't agree more!
I was just there about a month ago! I owe you guys an email. Let's set up a conf call to discuss!
Great post Erin!
We hope you are having a great time!
Sun finally comes out in time for the USNS Mercy sailing out of San Diego Bay.
Baby it's you. Your the one I love. Your the one I need. Your the only one I see. <U+2764>
Text me at
Thank you, thank you! I can't help it, I still call it Jacob's Field!
B/c my pussy so cold that he always seem to come back .
Brain Game: Djokovic's Potent Return - ATP World Tour
Read 'The Harbinger' Book, a NY Times National Best Seller & Watch The 'Isaiah 9:10 Judgement' DVD, The #1 Faith Movie In America! Hear NM N
"Dear Twitter, Thanks for killing my cell phone battery on a daily basis. Sincerely, Everyone."
I like you and you like me too, take my hand and we will go to the moon...
This Sunday, Mom's get a free glass of Champagne, mimosas until 3pm, and wine tasting all day!
lol have a good day señor!
I'm right here hun <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
omg it's awesome!!! Do you like it?
Follow me, please? I miss seeing you on the talk!
My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard.
you have such a beautiful soul x
Sounded cool but people made it sound like you throw the food over and make them fetch it, no petting haha
I've NEVER heard anyone say that!!
Abe Lincoln: America will never be destroyed from the outside.If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves.
“: #aboyfriendshouldalways take his girlfriend's side. #doesntmatterifimwrong #crazygfproblem” i relate too well to these <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Elegance is the only beauty that never fades. ~Audrey Hepburn
Thanks to and for having us out last night! Great times as always :)
Just sit back, and watch the show
haha, sorry. my vacation is about to expire and I'm practicing seriousness again; though, the 2 was the first usable one imo
“: ”shut the door
cc RT : "STYE" has invaded my brainwavves, !! re: ": NEWS: Toys That Kill release new songs
Flagrant foul has woken up the crowd. #UNR now up 31-30 w/ 1125 left. Does #SJSU have an answer? The Rebel in me hopes so.
#iamme omg its trending worldwide <3
If you're really doin it #Big we'll see it before you #Tweet it! Your zip code is the same as err'body else... #weedropweerock!!!
WHEN IS ARETHA fRANKINS rEVIVAL IN dETROIT
Watching "Martin" on TVone
a shame, because you're a good mom.
What are some dumbs thing Americans say when they go to the UK? I don't wanna look like an idiot.
git repo creating, trying to vers ctrl a lot of stuff before anything bad happens. A pain but I get to use clever names for scripts now.
they've been pushing in that direction for awhile IMO. It's about young SP - made '91 Braves/'02 A's great, can fall flat too.
are you in Atlanta
haha thank you (: !
My husband makes friends wherever he goes.... Just like Justin Bieber
Is anyone else missing ALL of their @ replies? It's like being in a twitter vacuum!
Realtors are making good money in the Energy Biz. If ur a Realtor, why r u not offering Utility Savings to your clients?Call 1-646-397-9817
We've wrapped our main location, two of our actors, and most of our gear. Tomorrow feels like pick-up shots. Things moving so well/fast!
It's worth it. They always give me free swag for Sabi. He got some water enzyme today for his breaf! It's kickin lately!
LOL because I just shouted myself out...Opps
man I wish we could of linked up when I was in LA we could of def terrorized that city haha
this girl right her... Is the most amazing Best Friend a girl like me could ever ask for<3 love u (:
Loves Employee Appreciation Week. Free food, games, and jeans!
Jesus! I hope not!! Maybe just a bad sprain?
So it's only 3 and my phones already going dead lol sweet
So today...... I did everything and nothing
great food and better drinks!
What might make less suited for a collaborative vs. individual project?
Trying to figure out what song to sing :/ any suggestions?
I love the new Doritos tacos at taco bell
Twitter i don't wanna fucking add my location to my tweets. :(
I went for the Grouper 2-day ticket deal.
Achim Steiner UNEP Exec Director at Eye on Earth - I hope this summit will provide for citizen science and new partnerships ...
Yay shift is officially over :-)
idk if im jealous of her or feelin sorry for myself..
Diana Taylor is teaching my new book, The Transreal, w & more, in her class on Embodiment in NYU Performance Studies!!!
Character capacity is about the space, freedom and safety to bring our whole beings to work. What keeps you from bringing your full self?
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. – John Quincy Adams
way to go Ash!! That's awesome! Take my finals for me
We want to reach out and tell women with ovarian cancer and their families, we are here for you. Call if your need support. www.docit.org
Official news! We're expanding our #Broward presence! June 1st Friendman, Cohen, Taubman & Co. will join Kaufman, Rossin...
We're there. So far, really good info. Thanks Beth Kantor!
and countless pubes
Lately it seems the only one retiring in America is Retirement itself.
so tried yawn yawn ...
hooootaluuuuu! Mrs. Doubtfire is screening as I tweet!
Nigga say I'm pussy, I dare you to stick ya dick in this<U+E00D><U+E420><U+E012><U+E41E><U+E402>
It's funny how the people you think will never walk away.. are the first ones.
#SPJ10 prez installation banquet very inspiring. Congrats & thanks to award winners for all your amazing work. Welcome new prez !
23210. My Panda Run score
sucks to you right now lol
Happy Birthday from a fellow Damaris and a fellow Libra.
you should've picked a different outfit to wear last night! Your turning into a little miley Cyrus and that isn't a compliment
Did Chelsea win? :D
On my way to get some breakfast.
lovely day in NOLA! Taking back the night w/parade in Algiers PT tonight 6-7PM ferry landing to international school.
how do you tell if you got the meet & greet
After a 3 hr walk with Brianna time to relax and drink beer with Les!
raise your glass by Pimk
ALL FOOD IS "SCRATCH MADE" AT SOME POINT. I hate Fieri.
hahahahahahahaha I laugh whenever I think about that now! Im just a cobra at heart...<U+E52D>
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia! In Philly meeting with and the exploring Philadelphia Art Museum.
HALF FINAL
It feels good to be home.
yes it's a promotion Blackberry is doing and they selected PBA Bowling as one of the apps available
As my moms tryn to hook me up with this dude because his eyes are 'gorgeous'. Bitch please, i dont mess with your type of people!
um yes. I guess lol. Hit me with details. Miss u xoxo
I have heard stories about Patterson co-writer contracts that stipulate font size for their names.
Good morning everyone! #Shoutout to God for doing work, letting us all see another day!
How was #NIGHTSWEATS rehearsal? Any commuting adventures to report?
i ship niam so hard. they're just so adorable. when they're together its like puppies pooing rainbows & glitter. yea.
Teachers orientation starts today at #DreamYard Art Center! See you all there.
Imma drink this Peach Ciroc to ease this KNICKS lost!
What? There's no one funnier than Bachmann..funny that people actually take her seriously, of course.
What a bad bad day.
Most great people have attained their greatest success just one step beyond their greatest failure.-Napoleon Hill
Powell's on Hawthorne has Crunchie bars. I am in trouble.
One step at a time!
so so much fun!!! And I got home safe.. Kinda haha
Last practice today </3
Last night we figured out we can send corpses to polar bears to stop their slow extinction :) its like donating all your organs to one being
I just hope theres hope.
Free shipping to the lower 48 states today on any order over $49. Offer good til midnight CST. Cheers!
The best time to start thinking about 2012 is now. Reflect on this year - what needs to change about you to reach your goals for next year?
It's new #Brewers hat day! It's new #Brewers hat day! Go #Brewers!!!
we shld have a roscoes or penguin date soon! #NOMNOMNOM are you doing #afterbuzz tonight? I have to let the masses know!
listening to dead people sing makes my heart tingle...technology is amazing...
Thanks for the mention, Jen, and happy birthday!
must REALLY be proud of the "Timmy Time" theme. A 10 minute show with tune so long I feel like it's the 12" extended dance mix.
Great - what's the topic?
Voter number 304 at Marquette Elementary. First time in Madison I've gotten a sticker before they ran out!
Am I ready for some time off next week? I've already started working on drafts for my "out of office" message...
We in here muthafucka
I have a headache. Egh!
I've heard, but so difficult 2 order software, get it here, get IT 2 come and install, get them 2 troubleshoot. Headache.
happy 14th birthday baby:* I love you do much <3
seriously?! Idk mine :/ I'll reply tomorrow
that's unfortunate! I'm wearing my Lederhosen and off to Oktoberfest!
It all just makes me ill.
Where is buzz Lightbeer?
Birthday s/o to ! Happy birthday booobooooo! I love and miss you very much. Have an amazing birthday <3
I'll definitely take that as a compliment. And I can kind of see it, too.
Waiting for green!
Hope all the #mnleg watchers had a pleasant late night/early morning. Getting caught up on twitter from overnight...awfully testy
Good morning! I hope everyone has a great Monday!
Momentum shift in Omaha. Timeout couldnt have come at a better time for Trob.
Looking good! Thanks for coming. :)
I appreciate that the acronym of Statute of Limitations accurately reflects the reality of not abiding by it.
watching Texas race and NFL
hope all is well man!
from boston
Buy the team back...
haha I do now!
Uptown = biggest mistake every week! So mad I work next week! BiTter dot com!
An Ornette Coleman quote should be in every higher ed presentation.
Thank you to all who entered this month's contest, and be sure to stay tuned for next month's giveaway!
“: Omw to studio, photo shoot fresh!”
If you have told at least FIVE other Social Studies teachers about EdCamp Social Studies...YOU should "like" this status!
Gas, Food, Walmart Gift Cards, Watch www.gasandfoodvideo.com then sign up at www.mpbtoday.com/corkyd I will supply leads each week.
there is a monster storm bearing down on us now...we are as soggy as a piece of french toast dunked in coffee
I find an ice pick inserted through the eye socket followed by a gentle jiggle to be very helpful in this regard
You're the only person that's been able to make sense of this for me. Wish I had a prize for you. Thank you.
but like she still got the cell phone .
I can't stand the ginger juice either.
I'll also be going to the one next year but that's far from now. haha
I will win the #Libertybakeoff IF IT'S THE LAST THING I DO
There is still plenty of time to train for our races! Choose the Marathon/Half marathon/5K! Sign up at monumentalmarathon.com
slept much needed 11 hours last night, first show in chile tonight
Thanks for the mention!! #my boyfriend bites his cuticles
keep your acct twitter is fun
can you rewind the radio? i need to hear #chasingthesun AGAIN
Alright, it's #ff if anyone wants a S/O hit me up. I'll help out however I can :)
Gonna use it as the basis for a piece examining #WSU's inhumanely awful 3-point defense. Lots of good stuff in there.
Kenneth Faried is the type of player everyone wants to play with, but no one wants to play against.
Thanks Chris :) RT : So proud of our boys for signing with Amazing band. Keep an eye out!
This is the last of the SMS is it not?
Whao, chill bro.. You know you can't rasie your voice like that when the lions here.
he so sexy.
I keep thinking about the times we were together. I miss you so much.
Tammy Jean the beauty queen is a rhyme my dad has said for as long as I can remember.
Sometimes I love my friends...right now is NOT one of those times
Go Chelsea!!!
Everyone better get there now! RT : Ready.... Set..... All you can drink at birch! 330 birch st brea, ca. Hurry!
Thanks for following! :)
do you take requests?! Superbass? Wild Ones?
- that, like, ANYWHERE in L.A. It sparked my mother and I talking about how big of a toolbox the guy is. Bonding time!
Every Jethro Tull album up to and including "A Passion Play" is worth your time. Really.
I think we've had more than enough snow here in Minnepolis. It can stop anytime as far as I'm concerned.
same reason the cant fix the escalators or elevators, and why the drivers are always late.... THEY'RE ALL IDIOTS!!!!!!!!
Tebow will start a game this year
. it's never to late to start acting. Take acting classes and figure out what kind of acting you want to get into.
Wake me up inside, call my name and save me from the dark, save me from the nothing I've become!
Thank god its friday, <3
I am having a Bud Light Lime; spent most of the day doing homework. blahblahblah. Peace.
Are ALL guys the same ?????? Uggh
is looking for contract sales reps this week at #hdexposhow . Interested? Reply back!
RT A 5 mile run this morning. Cross Training for the Bell Atlantic 50 floor Tower Climb on March 24, 2012.
I am, thank you! Any bacon related toe injuries have been put off for another day. :)
Brunch, 30ft blow up gorilla, Janet Jackson.
I think you are an inspiration to young girls these days. I wish I could play tennis against you! :) but im not very good!
I. Need. More. Sleep.
dam yo this nikka is annoying.
Sshhhh! Don't give us away!
Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber Reign as the Golden Teen Dream Teen dream duo Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber proved that no baby mama scan
How does a spicy seafood sub from #SUBWAY sound? Sweet, right?! Come grab our featured $5 footlong of the month, the Jalapeno Tuna!
Happy Birthday Fam! &hugs to your mom's on what seem to be the longest labor EVER. Bro Phillip and I do month long cele too!
Ouch that hurts
work is killing me... -_- glad to be off..
love shorty's?! stop by tonight for our meet and greet with free apitizers!
Some of my favorite films include love stories such as Moulin Rouge, Titanic and The Notebook. Yep, I have a soft side, ladies.
Have you watched the other one I sent you?
is live-tweeting events at Virginia Tech.
My opinion: cuts to federal discretionary spending won't solve deficits and will harm social safety net.
Get some! Go Pack!
Sounds like a lot of people trying to save Greg Davis' job! : Great call by Greg Davis for a Texas touchdown and a 7-0 lead.
Happy to have Triton Stone of 10801 Plantside, Louisville, KY 502-267-9303 as a new distributor of Supreme Surface® Cleaners.
I know I've never really talked to you... but hi. :)
there goes Arturo ;b
Hope everyone had a GREAT weekend. I spent my with Little Hank Baskett's future wife, Rielle McDowell....:-)
chopped up not slopped up!
As Jamison leaves the #Cavs hope that he did a better job mentoring here than w/ JaVale McGee, Nick Young, Andray Blatche, Javaris Critteton
RT : Love is the hastening gravitation of spirit towards spirit, and body towards body, in the joy of creation. - D.H....
With Jacob for the evening!
People miss you more when they see how happier you are without them.
Happy 2012! Make 2012 a great year! Go after your dreams, make the world a better place to live....
what if it was an "amount of stuff in my driveway" makeover
This will work as much as #UN Peacekeeping mission. Zombie outbreaks in the developing world.
I honestly can't remember at this moment who ran against obamma in 2010.
Damn! I'm sleepy but I can't go to sleep
FRIEND ZONE - (Your Favorite Martian music video)
I have a hankering for pudding wine and meat water...
can't get bra off.
Lazy rainy day in #Miami.. Someone motivate me please..??
's quotes tho. LET ME LOVE YOU.
why does Louis have less followers than anyone else...DATS MUH BBY
#TheRiver is so messed up, but I can't stop watching it. Anyone else out there watching it?
True love is knowing a persons faults, and loving them even more for them.
How was everyones weekend?? I had a great weekend! Checked out the , perused through Gear Co-Op! and went for a hike!
This is riciculous RT Disappointed re: no wifi in session rooms. Tough for us w/out smartphones.
Bliss. just picked my shirts from the world's best tailor. Sadi 770-433-0954
There are undisputed benefits for content blogging: more indexed pages, inbound links, website visitors, and social media reach.
Guns turn ya boys into pussies, SEX CHHHAAAAAAAANNNNGGGGEE!
#OhioState announces $50 million increase in student financial aid over next four years, including new scholarships and grants.
Feeling good right about now.
#CMAawards ZBB always a beast. Bringing out Allman out for Georgia rendition. Killer.
Guessing won't watch our "Last Day at Lambeau" feature in about 90 minutes on at 9:00pm, but will you ?
Former BC Eagle & Miami Dolphin #JohnBosa joins his longtime pal on the show at
Check your DM.
excellent photo. more pics please! Thanks.
Jindal lost it the day he did the rebuttal to the state of the union speech a couple years back. He's terrible.
Hangin wit my bro Steve tonight.
Everyone check out
What's the official hashtag for this event?
whatever you want to call as long as you get some!
i see. i'd text you but my phone is off right now. whats up? you can private message me if you want.
I wish I had lived in the 70s <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><U+270C>
Just got home from the VIP sesh at PGP. Endless dabs of the best nectars to be had by all. Super irie!!! Thanks PGP for everything!!
This <U+2192> RT : It doesn't matter how many people hate you. It matters how many people love you.
its just annoying and frusturating
Drinks and nachos next to the pool? Don't mind if I do
Already got somebody, my friend, but thanks! We should start a catering fantasy baseball league.
RT : Mothers. We love you. Thanks for making us. Today...is your day!
YW! Thanks for sharing ideas on Twitter about achieving new levels of engagement!
But if you don't win you can always use our website. It will save you time and help you get the scholarship money easier.
yes follow back
Waiting to get into the band room. Got a new hair cut
they're like that in curling too.
definitely Pandora
good now I can use iheartradio
wish I could have been there! Vacation sounds good right about now.
LOL thought u did that already RT
have a Faygo for me.
One of our printers was busted for 2 days. The tech came right on time with the parts. We can now print out Volume 14.24 at full speed!
We're curious... Any Ducks or WDE fans out there?? Who are you all rooting for tonight??
Hi. If you haven't found someone for this, we could help. DM us and we can set up a time to chat.
The Readers’ Writers: Author Eve Marie Mont
HOT SPOT! In-DAS Engineer in Phoenix, AZ; Detroit, MI; Seattle, WA; NY/NJ Apply to: or 312-912-8748
It's still Packers season Brewers fans. GO PACK GO!
Awesome, i wanna get my steampunk on for a minute, maybe minue the hooks, we shall have to see, i do have something planned!
Good morning everyone! :) :)
For how old he is I'm sure a hell of a lot LOL
called NYC its not that serious.........got my pryaers up!!!!
there's an image on pinterest that says "a well tailored suit is to women as lingerie is to men" or something like that
Actually worst part is you talk about things and people look at you like you are crazy. Not my fault you DO NOT UNDERSTAND.
Experiencing technical issues....still about 72 hours from launching the site. STAY TUNED!!
on the iPhone or iPad?
I think I just walked into a trickfest
$1.01 QUOTE OF THE DAY:Do not complain of life, lift your head. Bad days are necessary for the good days count."
So much fresh powder it is like riding on butter!
Clearly lots of people do care about their toilet paper, however. Okay, now the anchors are having fun with it.
u were in my dream last night! U were hiding a broken wing I kissed it,u kissed mine & played it like the neck on ur guitar :-)
RT : American values = equality & justice, not fear & racism. Light a candle to join #vigil4justice against
tech n9ne goes hard in every song hes in
i will ALWAYS cheer against the miami heat and the lakers
just to tell u that this is stupid and I don't wanna go weeks without talking to u,erase that crap u wrote and cut on Skype
#FF Great seminar with them recently in Buffalo NY!
giving my dog a bath is the biggest struggle
Really?? when is the event? Whats the event about? Sounds exciting! and if Sara's going I wanna!
I was dissed for saying I was celebrating Chinese New Years by listening to C'mon Irene so know what ur sayin'
A Fan Asks: Where Have You Been Ben Curtis?
Did I miss something? Is today not Saturday?
An ambulance is probably pulling up to green valley ranch casino where my dad bet the house on the Spurs.
So tired today....... got like 5 hours of sleep
Not having in math is fucking gay!
Made me wonder what are people remembering you by? If it read "So&so pulled a [insert your name here]" what would people think that meant?
where u goin
Lets Go Cowboys!!!
Taking a nap at 10pm sucks! Dear Baby Jesus, I wld love to go back to sleep! Next ill be thinking abt Ihop!!!
Car shopping for who would have that it's such hard work lol
VOTE FOR US TO WIN A PEPSI GRANT! Vote online at www.refresheverything.com/tnbuylocal & text 102222 to 73774
Dream Big and love somebody. Mich.
help your friends listen to good music, download our single and share the love - www.TheSlidersMusic.com
Just got a call from my son who reminds me church service was held at a different location right down the street from me. SMH
yes! Let's hang!
Tried finding my maternal grandfather based on an address I had for him as of 1938, but he had apparently moved by 1940.
oh yeah I forgot! And maybe you will! ;) haha
Who is watching the VMA Awards becuz we all know there will not be any black people that are going to win shit. BET Awards is the shit.
Excited about the possibility of using FourSquare to encourage campus/community engagement in writing classes
Now are 2 stunning bag collections as well as an outwear line to keep you cozy & stylish til summer!
RT In today's mail, health insurance cards. What a concept. [What timing. Get well soon, I need my nemesis]
RT : Who're you most excited to see? We can't wait for Charlize Theron, Angelina Jolie, Emma Stone, Michelle Williams, Kate...
Goin to bed finally Wen mad my bestie always cheers me up!
VA launches Open Government Web site with IT dashboard: The VA today introduced its new #opengov Web site (via )
mar 22 will be in the afternoon
OMG EXACTLY RT: If "jailbreaking" sounds lawless to you, recognize that it means "right to install the software I choose"
Whenever God slew them they would seek him they eagerly turned to him again. They remembered that God was their Redeemer. psalm 78:34,35
The top #CbusJob posting company in Jan-Feb was with 540 jobs posted!
happy mothers' day!
lookin for work
Time for bed now. Then comes the start of a new day of wonder and amazement. OK, maybe just a new day, but who knows?
sharing is caring :-] plus, group activities are so much more fun than solo :P
Too much Botox!
Good luck!
Tip of the week: Improve your diet by eating orange fruits and veggies. Squash and carrots contain vitamin A that boost your immune system.
Just met and and Lucy of course!! What amazing people thank you for joining us!
The feeling is mutual! RT : what's not to love about ?! They rock our socks off! :)
I don't know you, but I want to. You strike as smart, savvy and downright visceral sometimes. My kinda progressive, keep it up!
wow, the delay on the iPhone app is enormous. I just heard that from Sterling. Stay warm, Kim!
Listening to the Show podcast archive. Nice!
Todays #drake song of the day is Find Your Love.
Stop on over at a SCC & get a free extra espresso shot in your drink!
#GOP 'RUNNING SCARED' like "Vampire Capitalist' hiding from "LIGHT OF TRUTH" shined on his despicable deadly deeds vs
I figure even *they* got it right half the time.
A friend told me I have a healthy outlook on life which meant a lot especially since I often feel like I'm around too much toxic energy.
u going right now?
#UFC144 why does it sound like whooperwhills in the stands?
When people have been married for a while they start looking like brother and sister.
must wanna fight
MIKEY!!! I LOVE U! Cant wait to meet you in April! Follow me!(:
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.”
should be the beginning of cool stuff to come.
I just earned the Global Domination badge on #Yelp!
Weather is Fabulous Today for a Rooftop Happy Hour at Eden Lounge. Join Carl & I for the best Grown & Sexy happy hour. Doors open at 5pm
but for under $3k for a sweet cam and a few lenses is awesome.
Whaaatt? My 20thh???? RT : my BDAY Sunday too! Make sure it's cute when I walk in lol
Really bad accident at NE 42nd and Columbia.
I second myself! (can I do that?)
Mitt Romney makes a clean sweep today taking DC, Maryland, and Wisconsin. Would the other two just give up already?
How can I get in touch with your marketing/events coordinator? Thank you much!
Thinking a lot about all the plastic packaging in takeout. 1 week & a few to-go meals = recycling bag full. So, try to reuse packaging.
People are usually more convinced by reasons they discovered themselves than by those found by others. ~Blaise Pascal
hi thanks for following, I tweet more from my production account I talk about my other project and about 2shadows
hey heads up! Next thurs me and the boy are coming down! Please prepare for some stupidness. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
Or a TEDxOhShutUp ?
All I Do Is Me & Nothing Else; GO FUCK YOURSELF!
White people thing, yeah RT : lmfaoo did that really happen ?
pitbull looks like he smells too....more like moldy cheese though
Pretty weird I know, haha. But its true. :P Thanks twitter, LOL.
": I'm searchin RITE NOW llab!!!" U gone love, shoot that azz straight 2 voicemail!
oh yeah, thanks :)
ha! Thought the same at Qdoba
thanks for keeping us in the light.
false again
Thanks. and yea he gone have all the lil preemy chicks
RT : Hello Milwaukee! Info for our Youth Football Fundraiser will be available very shortly, but save the date...July 12th, 2011!
9pm on a Friday & this place is poppin'! Who knew old jews could stay up so late? I guess if there's food...
you've been hacked
my mom always told me to eat off my own plate first, before focusing on other peoples drama. I've always had 2 doggy bag my drama
SILENT and LISTEN both use the same letters...think about it
dont worry you will find something. There are plenty of designers that are needed :)
We'll still get storms, but likely not severe. Watch out for heavy rain.
Do mousepads with gel wrist support actually make a difference?
what?? How'd that happen? Praise God!
MARK SANCHEZ IS TRASH
sure, going on lunch at 1:45
could they just add 2 more cars to the metro mover instead of a trolly system?
Welcome to UW! RT : I'll always b a proud Terp alum but am hungry 2 get after it & start my nxt chapter in Madison!
Subjective morality - yes. Subjective reality - no.
they actually are. I've had to sit thru Math professors proof things like that several times
joined us for #ElectionValues forum Apr 17. look for his full reflections in the June Woodstock Report!...
'Okay, Oprah, Barbera Walters, your wife: you gotta fuck one, marry one, kill one. Go!'
Tommy Thompson is not a mod Rep, He is a RINO. Look at his record.
Dont make me make you fall in love, dont make me make you fall in love with a nigga like me like me...
Well deserved standing ovation. Great game.
tnx! Blushing over here. Hope to be able to return all the love.
Are you gonna be in town for Red and Blue weekend? and I are playing!
Damn it Adam tweet something!
is gonna be here soon! :D #sooohappy :DD
Audition tip #8: Have at least 2 memorized monologues. They should show your range but they should NEVER be from a popular movie or play!
happy birthday !!!!!!!! God bless u girly. <3333333333333
*not a smart female dog
House of lies.
screw that show.
What's the activity? Curious!
Was this for me? I need space after RT RT : Haha yea ok RT: Yea James be happy with those 3. Cuz now it's Durant's time!!”
let me find out u in the dunk contest (u look like Derek Williams)
Dnt feel like doing shit today!!
Girls that like to play hard to get>>>>>> i like the competition.......
Enjoying a pilsner at Hofbrauhaus Newport.
ack! That would have been horrible
Spring Break Miami!!
yourself included ;p that's just what happens when you get a bunch of gays on Twitter I guess lol
3 days left to take advantage of $25 Thai Acupressure for Orthopedic Disorders clinic treatments.
#TurnToYou is so inspiring<3 my momma was a single parent for the 1st 8 years of my life, she's made me who I am today(":
is psyched that the sox are finally back in 1st place...
Closed tonight for maintenance, metal flame retrofit.
Time of day?
I'm not the jealous type, but remember we started as friends too.
Had one of the best birthdays! Had a great time with friends and family!
Neck is throbbing? Ouch.
You should see her in nothing but a flannel shirt and a cup of coffee in the morning (there will be no further details)
gargle lukewarm salt water. Works like a charm:)
haha, lots of words like that! Thanks!
I am passionate about sprinting
which school was it that had their own version of kickstarter?
call me!!
Sounds like some INTENSE HAIL outside. Hope it's not too painful and our house doesn't sustain further damage!
When you play a game and only one other player on the team scores more than 5 pts. That ass is in trouble
I should have learned Japanese!!!
why don't I have ur number?! Wtf haha
Obama was zen like in today's presser. This was probably one of his best in 3 yrs & no tripping over the last question this time
9 QBs taken. Remaining: Coleman, Chattanooga; Harnish, Northern Illinois; Moore, Boise State; Davis, Southern Miss; Kinne, Tulsa. #Packers?
“: Make that 5 commits today!” just saw! Plus OT hockey win.
When children understand the words you use, you don't have to wonder if grown-ups get the message-Martin Luther
Playing The House Cafe Tonight in my home community. Come By!
You had me at hello and never lost me at goodbye..
black friday on
Nah, I'm fine.
im following you homie!
Don't hold your breath I'm not losing sleep over you.
... Because your depressed?
Thank you so much for the #ff mentions.
“: Let's get really dressed up, go to bars, and make guys buy us drinks! #FridayNightStrat” miss those days!!
You at the bottom of the pole, totem.
Getting ready for the last set of round tables at# nntc11
Ended up getting my mom a clutch for her bday... I mean after all, a girl can never have too many clutches!
apple harvest later, yay :D
I hope there is spotted dick.
I think I might have a little crush on
I GOT U!
Would kill for a right now. Or at least maim, LOL
www.3sgiants.com! Check us out! Swing by our Facebook- Third Stream Giants! Thanks everyone! :)
Hatley Branch Library Family Storytime Tuesday, May 1st, 10:30am "Flowers and Honey Bees" With Flowers all around here come the honey bees.
Beach V-Ball Tourney all weekend! Afterparty Sunday!
Tom Izzo in statement: "I’m also driven to continue to raise the perception of our program to an elite level."
there has been research on integrating Roget with descriptor search (for query expansion) , but so long ago I cannot find now
RT if you're in school(: I am ;D
The last few summer days ahead....go to Emerald City Smoothie, University District in Seattle to get a refreshing treat!
HBCU Tour and Ultrasound mixtape finally done deals!! Get back at ya with dates, times, and venues!!
Ask about the neighbirs upstairs RT : David Bowie Portishead Brian Eno Listening Party.
Yup RT : You ever wake up horny as fuck and just wanting to rape your woman? No? Just me?
Next Tuesday is our Pirate and Princess Party. There will be face painting, games, and your favorite characters to take pictures with!
im very proud of you. Seeing you become even more of an amazing person!. You really are a blessing to a lot of people.
God, I hate you so much.
Sorry I ate your cat.
never nice when it's the playoffs
Twitter, why won't you let me block people right now?
I'm doing the same search. I want to make a small composter for under the kitchen sink, but every place sells like 500 worms
Yes we are :)
Sipping a Pisco Sour: 3oz pisco, 1.5oz lemon juice, 1 egg white, Tbsp bar syrup, dash of bitters. Shake 45 seconds, dribble bitters on top.
SO SHE SHOULD STILL KNOW HES A SMART ASS ANYWAY SHE THINKS SHES GROWN
Thanks buddy! Have you played? With how many devices? (Board gets longer/game dynamic changes with more devices.)
Also I signed my first autographs. Lol what?
"A is for rebel." -- who knows
wats gudd where u at? Call me
S/O to for his game winner tonight!
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
The king of curls there is no higher! " happy birthday !!! "
RIM&#39;s Secret Weapon for Reviving BlackBerry: HTML5
coming on the heels of a meeting between nat geo and reps of SHA, Aia, and saa, so may be positive. But yes, tread lightly
I love my bed very much..down!
History tonight. 1st Big10 football championship game, 1st WI appearance, 1st #Badger victory. Everything is coming up Roses.
Charlotte +2 for dean&deluca and a Segway tour?!? But -1 for no easily available foreign currency.
Brewers Win!
hey how you been. I need to go on a cupcake run with you.
Which came first higher tuition or student loans?
Lol jamies tubes are tied so idl bout that
def a post chi comment sir.
They are great buildings...need to share story of how they meant as symbols of civic virtue and openness.
They've really improved since the one I owned as a boy in the 70s. Does it have sound effects?
Great Night...Then i came home.
I miss that show Dragon Tales, lol.
windy girl!!!
At this point this #padres team is just comical
that was one time! haha. and awww, la ju too. also, sexy new profile pic. sexxaaayyyyyy!
There's no way to express my anger... I doubt I'll know happiness again... It's gonna take years of sacrifice and suffering..
Many believe that our nomenclature #omla signals we are protesting against #mla12. Is not the naming convention: activity-location?
But you just used words...
Even if my man broke my heart today no matter how much pain I'm in I will be okay, cause I got a man in my life that cant be replaced
Okay man see ya
Lucky girl!
Mary Gauthier - Long Way To Fall - 10:50 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Happy Valentine's Day!! Indulge your love for the railroad and visit us today! We're waiting!
i have become close to and in the past couple months but recently ive talked to them less and i miss them! :(
OMG...NCL is offering a 4 day cruise to the Bahamas for $139.00 I am just not believing this!
YEAH YEAH YEAH and Drew Pearson pushed off ..... WHATEVER
One final workshop just announced: "Grantwriting Strategies for the Digital Humanities" by and
aw....that's so cute. and you kinda dressed alike!
We have the best advisor! ;-) “: Love seeing all these teams checking in on […] They totally get it.”
I'm confused by that one?
Yes! No doubt #iubb is back RT : What a fantastic Win 4 Hoosiers over OSU. WINS over # 1 UK & now # 2 Buckeyes!
I wanna link yer #FLOSSTRADAMUS #YOUTUBE #VIDEO !!
check the email & send me some
that water felt great, omg
Hey , doesn't look like XM's sexiest producer ?
great seeing you!!!! Excited to hangout next time
ouch. I'd rather not go there.
I know what ya mean, I've had knee replacement and now insurance Co won't even look at me. I was an Ironworker for 12 years.
Can't wait to see all my friends tonight for our final celebration! I love what I do! And Austin and Fed Ex does too :)
Fun Fact 2: Anna Faris is from Baltimore. Anyone ever hear of the Idylwild Matron Society? Her mom was in it.
Red's my favorite color.
PS3 slim supports BraviaLink, and Netflix coming to BraviaLink TV's this fall. Does that mean Netflix on PS3 also?
yeah that was you
"Share in 3 seconds if you like god" lol because a fb post will make you religious.
Thank you to all the great #dls15 presenters. I have some exciting action items to follow up on when I get home.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you get out of the shower and find random scratches on your back
they ain't helping him win either
Speed camera vote today! We're live with the video that one group says proves why the cameras are needed
OMG . SO ME AND AUSTY ARE IN NYC! I love being in NYC. I'm all warm and what not. I also might be seeing my BEST FRIENDS. p.s shave me austy
I am more afraid of an army of one hundred sheep led by a lion than an army of one hundred lions led by a sheep. ~Charles Maurice
Hello LA!!
what team are you talkin about?
. #sallieson #shirtoff #snorkelon #insidetheNBA please make a rap out if this I beg of you.
Where are my tax returns!! #soimpatient <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
: When you master the art of being fully awake to this moment, you bestow a precious gift on your soul – the experience of love.
Mah hah. Still in the car. Sammi's sleeping. Finally went pee. About to be in camp Pendleton. Almost home... I want to sleep.
Yes! RT : Thanks to for the great treats! #smcnsb We will have to make it there for a meal! And a mojito ;)
appreciate your business Ryan!:) RT : 303 has been go-to since high school on the NorthShore
Harvey's Restaurant and Bar on Castro St for dinner?
all day baking away!..new flavor (carrot/cheese/tomato) along with the crowd favorite (pnut butter) will be given at the dog paw park event
Covering Mother's Day, Father's Day & Anniversary all for $6? Smart shopping! ; )
watching the video of zayn dancing for the 947698347698th time..... GOD DAMMIT MALIK, WHY ARE YOU SO HOT.
are u guys stoping in west virginia? If so when and where?
Walked out on #JoyfulNoise last night. Predictable plot and very bad acting. #Fail Felt like a Tyler Perry version #Glee Don't waste your $
my dogs name is bella too :)
Oh em gee!! You're Hannah in Sleepover with ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
the whole reason I like sleep- escape reality
sounds like a Resolution!
. we collectively bought the lie of 'info wants to be free', blaming privacy-victims for not submitting to this false inevitability
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! T
no it's not I was in a really pissy mood and I was just taking it out on u ur not a jerk your the complete opposite srry
lack of clarity. there are also letters of Muhammad's life from his time, but biography is later. thanks.
DON'T ASK SOMEONE TO DO SOMETHING YOUR NOT WILLING TO DO YOURSELF
TRUE STORY. I'm still dying. :)
is on twitter despite his skepticism... :) now we'll await his comments on the article
I feel so depressed :/, I need to get the fuck out of this house.
The 5 HeartBeats last scene when they was in church lol
"Your eyes are blue like the ocean baby im lost out at sea, did the sun just come out or did ya smile at me?" :)
If you look deeper you will see that love and attachment are not the same thing.
Congrats, Tim! wishing you all the best - hope to see you out here again soon.
we definitely will! Also, make sure you sign up for MDC Alerts! www.mdc.edu/alerts
ari doing good getting stars and in the third grade
You should have heard them graduation night when i started playing some ADTR in the car. I think Jen about had a heart attack.
I. CANT. BREATHE.
thanks lady !!
Seriously. Well, at least you'll never get bored! And this seems like an extra fun one.
Can't empower students if you're not empowered.
Nice to meet you too. I emailed you that link for
he's on trial for perjury, not for using steroids.
I'm so over itt... and himm, shit i tried.
You're right! We can have a contest! Would love to see Anna spitting out seeds on Ball Circle!
Okay, didn't loose any poundage last week but lost 1/2" of waist and 2" off hips. So still considering it a major win.
The background on your page is fierce!
The rapper guy was pretty good.
Here in Kentucky <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>derby city is a bit wet but not enough to take a chance on a great race or two<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I'm glad you like it! :)
EXACTLY. when he "ignores" my tweets i know he really doesnt. i know its hard for him to reply to all the tweets!
you can't stop the waves, but you can always learn to surf.
will do!
don't get me started on this :)
This May Day, celebrate May Day by explaining to me what May Day is for
Morning Rockstars! > Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out. - Robert Collier
sorry about that
enjoy #AC big chief
hey what's up thanks for following me
I bet it was. I guess you will be a Lobo now haha They better thank drake haha
whenn my hand made contact with your ass ;) hahaha
Bghnymjufvr im so tiredd ... And i still have to be in school for another 4 hours...
Pride and Prejudice, the Web Diary Edition - TIME
happy birthday STUD.
MARGARET at #WiFilmFest -- self-dramatizing teen girl confronts a tragedy. Sprawling, messy. So is life. Long. So is life, if we're lucky.
#HappyMothersDay To All Those Beautiful, And Lovely Mothers Out There, And #GoodMemories To Those Who Don't Have One
“: thanks for the shout out Mr. President!”
I love Camilla
The Ballad of Gilgamesh
Thank you so much! Congrats to ALL of the finalists
stop that.
I hear u! I am guilty of that tho cause I got something to say and I kno they aint ever gonna respond to have a convo lol :P
We love Mooseltoe! RT 'What's your favorite holiday-themed children's book?'
Come out to The Spelman College Department of Art presents "Free Thinkers" Senior Art Exhibition at 4:30 in the Suites Art Space....
I can't believe I never read "Swan Song" before. This book is SO good.
follow us? We are the only Carrie & Lauren twitter!
We have great penthouses & balcony suites! www.bluechipvegas.com
Happy new year! Be safe!
Retweet if you're downtown!!!!
lol. Nope. I am a JUNIOR...So people that know my dad just started calling me that.
#Syracuse and #Louisville with the win. Let's go #Bearcats and #marqutte. Go
You just try to make everything complicated don't you? That would just confuse me...
Doing what i want now..
Reached following limit 4 today u can only follow 1000 a day sucks. :(
#HappyBirthdayAustin said it a million times but we love you Austin! Hope your bday was as amazing as you truly are <3
Tonight! Take a time out with , & ! 10:30pm for FREE at !!!!!
No relation to Colin lol
Hope you'll listen to our benefit CD for the Tells Twain's life in spoken word & song. Eastwood, Buffett, etc
oh well. It's gonna be gone tomorrow..
we got 3. Normally get 3 of whole for our girls & 1 of skim for us...roughly do that 2x a week ish. Lol. We love milk!
“: Oh, you liked my picture from four months ago? You obviously weren't stalking me.”
yes, me too. Re your dm about twiter. I tried to dm ya back but td was acting up lol. Thanx for heads up. :-)
it certainly doesn't make you a bad person... hahaha
Suzie shut up, if you didn't want to be in the middle keep your mouth shut. How you grown with kids acting like a bully
Get the sparkling smile you've always wanted to start out #2011 with confidence! #NewYear #WhiteSmile www.kravitzdental.com
Pedroia is dressed like Little Red (Sox) Riding Hood.
hey Im good you
Saw two bike cops arresting someone today in Cambridge....happy spring!!!
I gotta unfollow sum people cuz they b tweetin bout dumb stuff
Watching Alabama-Florida. Played for Coach Pelphrey and Coach Pujol. Both great men and great people in this business.
Tell me why there is actually a one legged waitress working at the Ihop.
I dont think you know how big of a smile you put on my face knowing that you'll be here in less than a month <3333333 #sofrigginexcited ...
Thanks, Pacers fans! We received our limit. Congrats to the 250 fans that get to see me dunk live on Tuesday.
was just showing off his new #iPad in the office. Many of us were quite jealous.
I need to post a #healthtip havent done that in a while
i will see you in the consert but from affar :( ... in june 17 .... can u folow?
Welcome to the team Meghan Gatewood and Erica Good!!!
awesome. Expecting pics when you reopen it!
Don't forget ur raffle ticket! $50 for 2 round trip tickets to destinations. Look for sellers w/ the flashing rings!
Jared Weaver tossing a no hitter for the Angels....heading to the 7th..GO JARED
Our very own has been nominated for Advertising Agency Executive of the year!! Please vote for him by submitting his name...
A person true colors will always show within time. You may be fooled for the moment, but be patient and see what happens
right I was thinking that. The problem is that I want to define these people's activities not just directly from the webinar.
Overheard: Men discussing "unimproved land" and "timber." Also known as "nature" and "trees."
Okay. 2am. I gave it my best for the night. Goodnight fish tank.
kidnap the santy claus throw him in a box leave him there for 90 years then see if he talks. Kidnap the santy claus :) x
Today's one of those days where I just wanna lock myself in my room and not see anyone.
why must my body decide to fully wake up at 6 in the morning?
I'm well. About to take lunch. U?
tell me about it -_-
You need to lose 3 pounds. ": Tired and sore from intramural soccer #outofshape"
Very fun!
All in all, many people, in fact, many so-called intellectuals; & many Occupiers do not understand how our govt works
Listening to the #ljadultbuzz to hear my buddies and Perseus bring it.
We have to expect different things from government and ourselves. Citizens don't complain. They fix things
FDA proposes phasing out antibiotics in farm animals
Congratulations!! Hopefully this will make the final push a bit lighter!
Greece is on the list too lol. I have a cousin in Spain, friends in Ireland, France and Albania. I need to come back!
Today's enrichment.... fossil finding excursion on the creek with the world's best preK teacher... Granny Bryn Peterson!
Got a lot done today, but could have done without the migraine
you know the people involved have never stuck to anything for five days..that's too much like work in their world.
NM Environment Dept officials and Los Alamos fire chief emphasized greater spread of the fire is a more immediate concern than rads
BadInfo.org -- examples from the media, the Web, plus business cases and personal stories through history. From DowJonesFactiva.
Follow me,Is Awsome related to Watch Desperate Housewives Online
What's the strangest food you discovered while abroad?
i called finical aid at buff state and they told me tuition is a lil over 3000 and that i have more then enough and if i wnna
Have to tweet something on a personal note, please forgive! Forgiveness does not come with conditions, nor does it come with anger and pain
lol ok ill be nice
Attn: Museum gift shops, cultural/ historical venues...consider featuring the LincolnsDC iPhone app at your gift shops.
Hope everyone is having a wonderful productive weekend! Time to read for now, stay tuned link should be up soon.
studio bro..Putting in work bout to leave soon
Come tour the Grand Lodge from12-3pm every Sat through the end of March. Enjoy a complimentary bev & apps, while chatting w/our sales staff.
Love the #blackberry update! YES! Finally can toggle between accounts! TY!
Rick Siskey - Angel investing + effective coaching = Success!
lol what's up
just followed u. Follow back so I can dm u.
TWEET ME A # AND A QUESTION AND I WILL TELL U WHAT I UR BEST WITH!
AND Cinco De Mayo! Today is wonderful. :)
Me too, Hillary. Me, too.
im starving. Come make me food?
thanks for retweets:). I appreciate it!
closets r stuffy
Sex is like snow; you never know how many inches you are going to get or how long it is going to last.
Going to see with my dad tonight!
Do you know anybody? We are looking for a temporary Archivist for a 4 week project in Chicago, IL. Candidates must be willing to work 10pm …
Ha. I'll take that bet, assclown.
Ric Armendariz introduced me to ALIVIANE AND CHILO! I told them to put my uncle & my boyfriends DAD on the Board.
Just watching last Saturdays Ustream. Crying my eyes out again. </3
cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake cake
wow, read 1/2 of Battle Hymn book last night, so entertaining! Love Hana's sassy chapters offset w/your wit.
- darn, was just there promoting the book, you could've gone & asked him to give you one! :D
haha how could we forget beer!
we just hate everyone, but in a positive way
lol no I made that up :)
Miami Heat we believe in you #DWade #CBosh #JLebron and team.
This movie doesnt seemed so scary :P
there actually is someone named Mike in the book - he's kind of a mad scientist, key member of the bad guys. he isn't BIG, tho!
What do you guys usually play as? I played as soldier in ME2 & 3 (because of the emphasis on action)...
Even us dietitians need a handful of chocolate chips from time to time :)
MO state puts in another goal. 3-0 with 8:56 left in first quarter
Applied for a ton of jobs and now am prob going to meet up with Sara for a run. I use to hate running but now I'm into it.
MD A&E District is hosting a National Symposium on Arts, Entertainment and Cultural Districts today in Baltimore!
@ Sup cuz! Lol!!! Happy New Year
": we clowned Monday-Friday" Forreal No Days Off.
Are you watching NFL Football today??? Click "LIKE" if you are and cheer on your team to victory!
I seriously can't wait for summer.
Success will often come down to you wanting it more than the next person.
Meeting in an hour for lunch… I will be reunited with Thai food for the first time since last August!
Dreams like that freak me out.
Look this week for highlights of the Men's coaching staff! Today its, Peter Mullenbach Biography - Seattle University Redhawks...
“ #Retweet if you are a little,tiny bit,nt so much nervous for college this fall”
Thanks! RT:Congratulations to Water Restoration, Project & The Council for Responsible Sports
maybe you died, because everyone asks me where you at
i miss u
I was thinking candles but that probably proved to be a little dangerous.
Excited for City Hearts "A Day of Enchantment" on Saturday, June 2, 2012!
Wow pick a key josh turner lite!
this literally made my night.I want to #losecontrol.If you ever come to florida let me know I will pay for a meet and greet
I agreed to For Better Or Worse, not to miniatures being played in my basement.
2day is a beautiful day Brentwood 2 come & eat @ a food truck!We will b @ 210 Westwood Place fm 11-130.Hope to see you there.God bless u all
thanks for the RT! We are super excited about the #DreamHouseRaffle!
For some reason my fingers smell like Cookie Crisps... :C
The only abnormality is the incapacity to love. Anais Nin
Well ribs aren't the best idea to eat in a professional office lol
come to chicago!
thank you! Going to post office is my LEAST favorite errand. Hands down. Hate it.
this is the story of a girl who cried a river and drown the whole world<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Yeah. The Online Search connections for PubMed and CrossRef will let you do that.
Consumer preference has spoken: e-readers that can be read comfortably in all kinds of lighting conditions!
I've read a lot lately about how it's not necessary to stretch before working out.. what are your thoughts on the matter?
Shit is extra real from here on out
": That works out great...for you."SO NO CONTEST HUH.?
OMG, is prego??
Take it too the Head!
Seriously, NHL, I don't care about the Flyers or what they have to say right now. Or ever, even. So quit retweeting them.
Who are you more of a fan to? RT for Austin Fav for Justin Tweet me something if you just can decide!
Hey JJ -- you came up in my Twitter feed and wanted to say hello. How's Nashville?!?
justin and those leather pants will be the death of me .
Love is an ocean of emotions entirely surrounded by expenses.
whoa, whoa, whoa. why did it take me this long to follow !?!?
Dude on the bus is rapping hard as hell but not saying anything lol.. go 'head playa
Layed in my bed for an hour and a half after a woke up cause my ipod just kept playing good tunes
Having a gastronomical tour today, Japanese for lunch and Indian for supper with and
The phone seem to ring longer when you ignoring somebody call...
Oh my god you're alive! And congratulations!
thanks so much I'm new to the shift from print to online media. It's so great to connect!
Winning is about hrt, not just legs. It's got to be in the right place. -Lance Armstrong
don't go to hard or you'll wake up with an awful headache again lmaao
for a limited time you can buy our book for only $4.99 www.createmoneyweb.com
lol yea yea yea
Glee was so good(: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
please follow & as we are big fans and have your apparel! Rut Hockey thanks you!
Of course!(;
said i figured it out...didn't say i honored it!
#GOPACKGO #packers or in Los Angeles... LA Lakers and Vikings. Just need to take #Wild as a second NHL to have a set!
and if you think few trashtalk in that span of time, look up Sean Avery clips.
As long as the majority of people on this planet are more concerned with me instead of we things will remain as they always have
You can join #purplecitybirdgang whenever you ready!! LOL
friend: on a scale of 1 - 100 how inappropreate (SP) r u? me: 69 giggle
where do u get the wristbands? Sorry to ask just got on! (:
to be topped only by my welcome home sausagefest... a girl can hope! Tell those jokers happy belated.
I love Kate and Bill from the weekend crew
You're welcome! Not just valued - indispensable!
Best of luck to and today as they interview for the Editor-in-chief position at The Beacon.
Swag tight...check
Really thanking God for the amazing people He has brought into my life. I have spectacular friends. Last night was life changing.
I don't want to be a circus freak anymore
Just paid off my credit card for the first time
Looking forward to seeing you here in NOLA, former boss!
oh good! I'm ready to play a game with someone I can soundly beat!
i am
Hope the Brewers get good weather today!!! GO BREWERS!!!!!
Friday at last! :) Hope everyone has a great day and a fabulous weekend! :)
They do u should c how many ppl say o wisdom yo hands they are beautiful this and that its hard having handsome hands
Where are you? I was googling updates and came up with nothing. Not touring? Come out and play!
Thank you! And yes, My laptop broke though so I have to wait a little bit before I can get it up!
Carbon finally has a white whisker on the other side of his face. I guess I get to love him again.
LESS LOVE , MORE SEX , NO CALLS , JUST TEXT , New MALE , No EX , MORE SLEEP & NO STRESS
Regarding #Phils loss last night despite scoring 13 runs - most runs scored by a losing team in 2011 was 10 - happened 4X.
C'mon, folks, give the details.
Young man on CAMPUS PD peed himself while being arrested and kept saying "Please...Please!" to the officer. Top that, MAD MEN!
It's just not the music that gets your band noticed. It's also the photos we make for your publicity.
Thanks Cindy!
Initial run-through of the iOS app is smooth! The UX is very well considered.
O, exciting! Good luck w/new idea!
on the party we had last week the activities and the food and the music was good there was people who made shirts for teen bloc
Really?! That's awesome! I would bet there are a lot of us. What did you do as a VISTA?
Good for Gov Brown cutting free cell phones for at least half state employees. Its a start.
Your LOUD smile's awesome, my friend!! So great to see you! =D
I want a turkey sammich w/ cheese n mustard and a bowl of cornpops
Shun the nonbelievers.
It is not because things are difficult that we do not dare, it is because we do not dare that they are difficult. -Seneca
yesh but no..umm my friend ish gonna take me somewhere
DYRS is making progress in developing local placements in order to keep DYRS youth closer to home during their rehabilitation.
Nope, got poolside DJ duty on Sunday :-) Good lookin' out, tho.
"There must be more to life than having everything." #RIP Maurice Sendak
lol im a guy thanks my name is justin im the guy in the pic and are u a girl u kno u could be a guy secretly on here !
Not Porter. I always thought he got a raw deal from the UK fans. Now, I'm just as surprised as with our fellow alumni.
idc how much of an age difference we have if I ever met him I'd instantly kiss him
I got hoes , I got hoooooooes ! With different area codes (area) area codes (codes) HOES ! Lol. Ok I'm officially bored now o_O
Just rec'd email from a friend titled "How to be a gracious b*^#@". Now why do you think she sent it to me? Hm....
word. you better get an awesome freaking mother's day gift out of it too!
$50 closer to our $400 goal by Feb 16; help make it happen! indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
U know u'r @ home when u'r visiting w/ a friend or relative & u don't want 2 leave! <3 ya sis!
I just nailed in the ear with a tennis ball playing a match: OUCH
I REALLY enjoyed myself today :)
Ive seen the truth, but there's no more to see. Just a silhouette in the sun.
“: IGNORANT Rap >>> "Intelligent" Rap” I'm hoping this is a facetious statement.
you're welcome hunn !
can I get a follow and a retweet from the best sport ever?!
Looks fun!! RT Local Girl Scout Troop that has adopted Stanton planned a Science Day!
Haha that does make sense. You would get detention as soon as you walk into the school :/
HELL YEAH!!!
ah yes...the famous one in our relationship. I get many just because of my awesome, beautiful talented wife
It's been so long since I've had a good breakfast. Sitting here in the office with my kashi bar, dreaming about blackberry banana pancakes.
What is your favorite song while working out?
RT : Do not protect yourself by a fence, but rather by your friends. - Proverb
Help PLN!Bengals taking STAAR TESTS next week and LOVE Twitter! Please continue to give your well wishes from everywhere!
Can You Follow Amalie and I please .
Marcy: "No matter how gruesome or horrible the murder, you can always find somebody out there to buy the house."
Do you work in a toxic environment? Q's: paid in full, on time? Have input? Able 2 question leaders? Get appraisals? Pay policy transparent?
Not felt this unhappy in about 18 months. What the hell is wrong with me?
JONAS ARE IRREPLACEABLE, BECAUSE THEY CHANGE ALL THEIR FANS LIFE!!!!!!!!!
How would e-learning lead to loss of employment?
via : Moving to Austria. 2 weeks left!
I just realized I neglected to ask you to sign my book! Could I make a point to meet up with you at #bigomaha for that?
Just saw this. Way behind w/ e-mail due to holidays & travel. Let me know about 12th or another date.
Ouch, that hurts. $150.19 diesel fill up in our truck!
Ima be real... I cant live without SEX!
Heading to work #Bestie, talk to you in the am:-)
I hope you'll like it! thanks for the followback
#h2sscavengerhunt next clue. Restaurant opened black Friday of 1996. Come fly your way over for 2 great gifts.
“: I love !” Yeah everyone is so motivating, inspiring, fun-love it :).
just take it day by day
Nephew's dissertation topic: "Use of Non-Traditional Marketing Strategies to Engage the 25 to 34 Year-old Age Demographic: Audi of America"
Get lighters ready!
I have a promo code for Slice SD for the iPhone and touch... I have to be honest tho, I am not sure its still good, let me know P7NJ9FA9XL3X
Flying solo
Our thoughts and prayers go to friends and family of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords (D-AZ), who was assassinated this morning at a townhall event.
Someone shit on the floor at work today... #Marshall's
IS YOU SLEEP
or here's the address.. take the US-412 directions
Nice job for officially being documented as breaking the record for world biggest wave ever surfed! You ROCK!
Good morning :-) and goodnight im tired :( :-)
So pumped to get back to where it all began.. Nov 30th, Me Vs Myself returns home to Seattle for a Rock filled Evening at The HardRock Cafe!
let's give away some tickets for my show! Call Off The Hook now! 239-389-6900 mention Trixx' tweet!
FOR FREE!
Good Aftermorining my tweet peeps!!!!!
Good afternoon Loviez I slept ok... had better sleeps lol
One day you'll watch TV and say "Hey! I know that guy!"
Today's Special, House made fettuccine in a bolognese sauce! Delicious.
I hate when other black people act distant and cant speak! UncleTom ass
wine and olives? huh....
do you have Linkedin?
Looking forward to receiving our new delivery from ...office looking small and tired
I'm calling an end to Facebook/Instagram jokes as of right... now.
Enjoying dinner and beers with & - Love #outoftownguests ^aef
YES RT ": June 22nd. Lets go have a party at the mall."
What teacher does that?JW
I hate the new updated app for twitter -.-
First stop Dr appt....
Finally watching The Avengers with !
Absolutely! When?
#2 teach color theory-- have students sort instead of paint tints, tones,etc
Im tired of everybody always expecting greatness from me. Im a person to. I have a life, I make mistakes just like everyone else.
Grabner deflects a shot from the point out of mid-air to end the shutout streak and get the #isles on the board, #Flyers 3, #isles 1
We're looking forward to our trip to Washington, D.C. for CPAC next week!
wow, such beauty.
Rare internet connection at the job site.
I want to be the reason why someone is happy.
I want #oomf right about now...at least I'm thinkin about her! On a "I just wanna chill" type situation!
What's that, Rick Santorum? I couldn't hear you over the sound of history passing by.
Want to send a huge congrats to #RisingStar on his new gig with the -
There is always one that is willing to put up with you and ALL your sh**! And it's up to you to realize that that person is THE ONE!
Man I am not a fan of #adidas but the new ad campaign wit #kenjeong is hilarious.
whats up Mr. West keep making music...
im thinking the same thing lol
I would much rather have men ask why I have no statue, than why I have one.
What are you building?
need a new twitter name!!!! hmm...
Larry Brown. Born & raised in
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow ~Swedish Proverb
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet 'Clash of the Ratchets'
Most of what the VA is doing these days is still going to the Vietnam generation, it's going to be that way for a long time
DCcarlisle, thanks for following us on Twitter!
I just added "Meat Sweats Survivor" to my bio. What's in yours?
I used proactiv when I was in college & it works if you follow the regimen,plus the technology has advanced since I had it. :)
#idRatherHave a beautiful mind over a beautiful body
It's about time, I was wondering when people start taking notice of #Bahain. We need more people paying attention.
News just said 6in of snow on Monday. Guess I will delay staying in my new house a few days.
wtf, the President wasn't even done talking & you cut out for commercials! Real classy!
NCAA kicks off today! Tonight is Oregon vs Boise St at 7:15pm.
Nice meeting you yesterday!
I think so.
lmao! Just took 2 seconds but by the time I finish typing will be 10. Btw...u read slow if it takes u that long to read 24 words!
lookin forward to tonight #twitterlesspat.. etc have fun at 's
haha it's cool :) and that's good!
the hoop abhors a novacuum
Just watched bones on dvr Handcuffed man turned, walked away from camera. Handcuffs were just in his hands not on his wrists. Oops
Whoa, Portland! We learned a lot about each other last night, meeting at the intersection of weird & random. Thanks for the fun!
Thanks so much for RT Timothy! Hope you're enjoying the sun :)
Goodness . I cant wait until #BELIEVE is finished & released (:
thanks! I won last year... Not trying this year :-)
Can't wait!
I highly recommend the camera+ app. Not only is it good, but every app update is written with humor. Recent update has "remorse + regret"
Successful week with family business last week. I love it when that happens.
Don't know what you are asking RT : You mean via RTs?
LMAO! Ur right about that son!
Are you looking to expand your brand in creative ways on social media? If so, contact Your Thoughts, LLC!
According to an AAP’s report, the use of fever-reducing meds should be focused on making children more comfortable, not ridding fevers.
I agree... Thank you Pres Obama...
“: Thank you for a great conference. Can't wait for next year!!” Agreed!
we're on 1725 westlake ave N. in Seattle.
"The only mistakes you can learn from are the ones you survive" Paranoid Neurotic Freaks
is no longer unemployed...I got the call today offering me a salaried job with paid benefits...YES! GOD IS GOOD, ALL THE TIME!!!
#Don'tYouHateWhen Facebook is treated like Twitter
I think it's always a beginning.
so i got class in 20 min and dont feel like im going to get up already
Hanging out with one of my fav people in the world, my manager! :)
#kony2012 spread the word. Light up the darkness. Together we can make a big change for the better of this world.
Whoa!! Cheated death once again. On the ground, locked and chocked. Gotta go find a sammitch. FO says she knows a place.
blocked for Baltimore City Schools, too... along with every. single. personal. page.
The dog will be there to keep the man from touching the equipment
Hate I gotta b here n my bae hurt her self I rather b with u
Our show at with is Friday at 8PM. We have a few tickets left, just send us a message or mention.
He better NOT replace JEFFREY JONES
Thanks for the RT! Great seeing you today
i don't do these stuff, if u want just follow & ask if u don't then u don't have to.. i'm not here to gain a million follower
yeahh we are technical difficulties we should be back up next week
your boys? hahahahahha
That bit*h said Im hot...I said no bit*h I'm blazin...
We've picked the Flying House 2012 participants! Stay tuned for more info.
Was just accused of "leg bombing". Should I be insulted or flattered?
Ivy (12 yrs), imitating #FoxNews: "America ... seems to have turned into ... *potatoes*. The other countries are eating us!"
no problem dude! Nice work on your facebook.
do! :) Your one great guy from what I see and I know God will use you for some amazing things! :)
de champagne?
Condolences to the family of
A good nights sleep before my first day of class. Can't wait for this term. Easy classes means more time to cook. Yay cooking!!
One more thing to check off the bucketlist: See a Siamese twin. That one took me by surprise.
looking to hire UX Developers and iOS Developers! Email us at
I crave affection, never fear rejection & I dream of perfection everyday.
Love these Obama campaign commercials in Florida.
perfect ! I love cinco de mayo !!! I'm in !
This nap gave me an awful headache.
"Honestly" is now playing on ! Thank you, Romeo! A job well done, Beautiful Freaks! :)
Two auditions tomorrow an hour apart in the same building. That never happens, going to book 'em both!
You looking beautiful and you are universal girl
sad but true
...She's got '2 turn-tables and a microphone'...; that would be Kerry / on at 8am, hosting, 'Memphis Mystery Train'! lp
"Tell me who you slept with." Me "NO! He was an accident. TWICE. Let's just call him 'double oops.'" Night out
his lips are dropping honey, but he'll stingg you like a bee.
I will just go ahead and assume she does the famous tongue sticking out as you, yes?
thank you. We are blushing.
& lots of literature, ads, etc to whip Walker voters into a frenzy so they actually go vote. Dems need GOTV in Milwaukee badly
you're right. Some of these situations are clearly the fault of the student.
yeah yeah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
This is gonna be a crazy game tonight it's a shame half of Wisconsin doesn't know that it's on tonight
When we cross the street hold my hand. Life is what happens when youre busy making other plans.
Just saw a dog sitting in a corvette...and it KNEW it was cooler than all the other dogs.
can I explain how they got results in march, yet no reports until 2 weeks before fight??
i love ur hair we talk more n be friends!!?":)
I hope everyone is relieved to hear I found a new coffee shop - - so I no longer have to worry about angry patrons !
When my landlord tries to raise my rent, I invite him over to listen to my neighbor hocking loogies in his shower.
RIP Dick Clark.
oh. turns out the girl that was singing (horribly) was the girl that got "Made" a couple month ago on MTVs #Made. lol.
please tell me Chris going to stop by when underrated hit Miami :) Btw June12th Hot Right Na #Bowwownation luv y'all >> BowWowToday
Then I got that one dude who was giving me signs he wants to fuck... I was trying to talk to him but he just ignores me
If she still colors in a coloring book
12 hours at work today... & I'm STILL here -_-
Finishing up Nietzsche's Genealogy today in Intro to Philosophy. On to Du Bois’s Souls next week.
DOCC - "Rocc Steady" Music Video Coming Soon... Produced by
Hi Ottmar, sorry to see that your Back Stage blog is close, I enjoyed it very much! I hope you keep writing.
certified pimp. Hahah
austin's crazy curly hair >
Another #scrumpdiliotious dinner ! Not only is food delish, the service is outstanding! (And I'm not easily impressed!)
When you look at me, you make my heart skip a beat<3
Mitch Daniels said alot of things but I'll summarize the point he was really trying to make: "Be very afraid, the President is black."
I would've tweeted something profound but eh...I miss my wife... work on Monday, yippie.
Couldn't agree more!!!
*sharpens four pencils* *hand seizes* Man, fuck hand injuries.
I love walking around and feeling like everyone I see is a colleague.
ALL Arkansas state fans and athlete follow
good call, I bet that's it.
aww... not what my dm said
So I guess we got a good taste of her now? Wow. What a whiny drama queen. No problem rooting against them.
Let's take 'em out!! Mwahahaaaa
Home now after #NYCFun2Day -- now preparing for tomorrow's meal! #ILuvNY<U+2764>
Happy Mother's Day to you. Thank you for the kind word. is fixing lunch for us.
What the hell is the doing trading superstar Mona Ellis and up-and-coming Ekpe Udoh? The #Warriors are going to lose many fans!
Not sure how you track pt. data but perhaps identify some procedures indicative of prev care approach & query database?
Thank you for a super fun catch up session ... way overdue and we must plan something again soon!
Going to the dance with :D
you should have answered when called you
Try to buy in your community
RT if you use the women's bathroom when ever possible.
better than eating the fancy soap.
A little Monday #inspiration: "Stay far from timid. Only make moves when your heart's in it. And live the phrase, sky's the limit"
guys love himm too
Watching Forest Gump for English <3
so there's this teenager next door. and he's 15. but he's weird.
Dentist appt tonight! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Talking about pros & cons of TILT. Free, saves time -- but outdated and dated, too
I get all my political news via my Facebook newsfeed. Not sure why that is.
Heck, I am 15 years old. But I don't act like that.
CAT sucks monkey balls
Only had one final exam today ... Swag swag
Evil Alliance mascot?
no there's like a minute left
New office, new branding, new office manger, new master mind, new bigger network, Yahoo I'm ready!
what are the stat people by the sound guy keeping track of? In front of 210
You're welcome! :)
Watching impractical jokers and literally laughing out loud. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
There comes a time when walking away is the best for everyone.
I'm jealous. Enjoy!!!! Get some fried green tomatoes!
"when I was little I hated going to sleep ..Now I cherish every minute of it."
Look at me now....
I'm the type of person who will always be there when everyone else leaves.
if I still lived in Noblesville we would so be going to get me a few woodchucks and Vegas bombs right now. #miss you!
okay seriously need to study. Must. get. off. internet.....after watching this video.
#thingsthatusedtobecool "Walking the Dog" with an X Brain
“My hair is offended, I am not. Thanks for watching anyhow. : It looks ridiculous, that is why.”
my boobie fell out on the bull there once! Good times.
#Denver On Sale This Week: Big Time Rush - Ring of Fire 42: Who's Next? - Peter Frampton - Kelly Clarkson - Gabriel Iglesias
do you hear any privacy concerns from educators about using google apps?
In retrospect I think taking time on my precious day off to pipe cupcakes would have been better than getting up this early!
Things are looking great for Muffler Men the documentary. In two days we are almost at $1000! Huge thanks to backers present and future!
Great! We'll see you next week!
4 errors???? come on
guess we should think about picking up the house. kel's work party is @ our house in t-minus 4 hours. time for some teacher fun.
Back to 0xA0A0A0.
Sometimes I feel really uncool when I don't know what a single one of the trending topics are about.
Just a chilling cause I got outta school early :3
Nuh uh. Professor Lauren taught me all the Guatemala things
Before blaming the new star, let's remember: the New GM, from outside org & likely had input in decision to fire coach.
People who are 100% satisfied with their lives frighten me.
had an amazing weekend in Athens & Huntington, excited to hit Lexington Saturday... AMERICA!
More submissions and more auditions!
this girl watching Netflix in class...damn.
awesome! See u soon...best get dressed then I reckon...
Swirling head, swollen heart.
Sorry to all my Boston friends, but I am hoping to see the Patriots get smacked today!
ayyee call me!
BahahahaRT : "Everybody is beautiful in thier own way" -Someone Ugly
anything by Dave Koz :)
seems like all the above. but it floats, it gets books around, pro-literacy... still neat
Just a little too late I guess...
#myraptureplaylist includes songs by Prince: New World, Emancipation, and Rainbow Children.
why do people even, like, care about things
There's no need for revenge. Those who hurt you will eventually screw themselves up. And if you're lucky, God will let you watch.
With what?
You are of heart one big friend good night the best you speak Spanish o not more Inglish I speak Inglish and Spanish
hey suzanne! glad to hear all is well, what are you up to? Still want to see Williamsburgh?
Aww thank you! You guys are the best :)
“: I found an Iphone 4 Yesterady...shit made my day lmfao...” Oh I'm glad you found my phone, I was looking of it lol
"Vigil" at the Mark Taper--2 hours of my life I'll never get back. Oh, wait, I got an hour back--we left at intermission!
#Badgers get four points out of one possession - a FT from Wilson, an O-board from Brueser and then a three from Taylor. 46-40 now.
Random late night question: what's your favorite literary costume?
Thx for the follow ladies..:-)
Have a happy Easter break, everyone!
Tomorrow the #Xavier club volleyball team heads to Kansas City for nationals. Hoping they do well in play!
Has it really been a week since #delany?
Snooki will give birth to a cheeto.
When do you get to Indy?!
You are a smelly pirate hooker.
any idea when you'll be back playing? we miss you!
I am like super excited for this fanfic. Like I might die of anticipation. :D
Whatcha doing next Friday night?? :)
he's on at
Seriously, I'm not TRYING to be in this car chase. Look for my red mazda on the news!
there's always tomorrow :-)
“: I will be working before the next budget meeting on amendment to extend TANF benefits.” please don't.
“If you’re not living life on the edge, you’re taking up too much space.” ~ Anonymous
When People Tweet, We Tweet About Everything & Anything . Whatever Pops In Our #Minds, We Tweet It . #ForReal .
Nicholas Cage is proof that nepotism will never leave hollywood. He's the worst working actor in the universe!
It feels good to step back and clear my mind of the everyday distractions that get us off the path of what god has for us to do in life.
thank you 3amfright!
Get this a child die in a school van. In Boston. And the local new's big story is Brady's wife got pulled over for speeding. and no tix''WTF
so jealous of your jazz fest adventure!!!
Think That I'll come running back baby you don't know me cause your dead wrong.
Love the soup lol
where did you find it?
On my way to Baltimore for some singing :)
Agreed. We're no fun these days.
“: Boston for the Day :D #MuseumOfScience” aww have fun mami
Can't sleep got too much on my mind. Kinda wish I had somebody to tlk to tho oh well
would like to create more hours, so he can work and play without running out of time.
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.8
My lil brother is killing this mixtape #everybodyeatbread WE SO DEEP IN THIS BITCH
Hello downtown Seattle. We deliver lunch, give us a call 206-441-9235. Take a break 4 panini & caffe
Ugh *rozay voice*
Thank you! I got the word out, expect SA's finest to represent!!!
WANT ME TO COME KIDNAP YOU FROM SCHOOL? WE CAN EAT FOOD, & THEN I TAKE YOU HOME. HAHA
But im not gunna front its really funny.
Catching up on work this Sunday afternoon!
He is a loathsome, offensive brute, yet I can't look away.
damn...on the real, i saw u like 10 times with Mest, then i slowly lost ya when Mest broke up. Glad to hear your back!
Cannot decide on grabbing the fly-rod or completing the garden-)
Agreed! We aren't really sure how relevant a re-release of a movie is for the rest of the marketing community.
I WANT THAT #EPIPHONEACOUSTIC SIGNED BY
#DidYouKnow that the strongest beer in world is 43% ABV? Speaking of beer, we’ve got $14 buckets of domestic bottles.
you'd be shocked! People also forget that Walt Frazier killed it!
i think were being racist.. Nah
It's hard to eat strictly healthy when everything is so damn expensive.
Dallas its a wrap!
It's only right that Joey Mack got like 16,000 followers last night
At all times I rock a bracelet that helps me stay positive. On the front it says "Celebrate All Wins." on the back, it says
The weather is great but I have school work
Enjoying Next to Normal with the family. Thanks to Cindy for the great seats!
organizing, planning, and moving forward!
While playing socom4 i realised that running like a loon and firing from the hip is far more deadly than controlled fire
I shall text you later today, we shall find a time to get together.
[We live. We learn. We grow] People are not lazy. They simply have impotent goals - that is, goals that do not inspire them. -Tony Robbins
#stm2012 PDFs are awful because preset text & image sizes, no dynamic elements, cumbersome to separate out figures from text
Almost done with the first real agenda item of the meeting.
": And I'm keeping you in my prayers. Stay strong brother."< Thank u so much :-) . I need all the prayers I can get
And now Cory Booker on equal protection under the law, 2nd class citizenry. Basic rights should not go out to popular vote.
yes. Yesterday in my womans history class this girl made out aggressively with her girlfriend
i lock the world out , and God has the only copy of the key
Once again, if I were in DC. I will have a spotted cow for you at Miller Park this weekend. Lucroy bobble on Sunday
it's Okayy
Am getting the hang of #CrossFit ... Still got my butt kicked
May is Teen Self-Esteem Month
What’s on the perfect #taco? Ground beef, chicken, or steak?
Can't you see that you're smothering me, Holding too tightly, afraid to lose control.
: how about letting yur fans text n pay their orders on thier phone?
Hi Karol! Just found you through Loved your blog and your mission/message and immediately purchased HTLA.
and youre going to take your best friend<3
I'm just not believing it
Man! If I here on more person say, "wow that's a big camera!" I am going to smack 'em up side the head.
I hate when I try and help a friend feel better and it doesn't help.. /;
if it turns out good
I'm almost positive I'll cry too!
Lmao! Yippee, its Friday! Oh crap..I have a retail store...tomorrow is my Friday! :( Nice tie Glenn.
Oh. They're in the lock of the car door. Of course.
Nails done. Check. Tanning. Check. Gotta get birthday beautiful. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091>
lOl! Ah I have that same shirt you have :D
Ontario mills today.(:
Fall in love with someone who deserves your heart, not someone who plays with it.
same here bra, get it in
I have not bought yet, only booked a hotel room.
gia can get the business!
NDJDIDJDJ I'M PEWPING! <3 we can be like <U+E51F><U+E428><U+E429><U+E31E> remember at jills party when we were screaming, "LET'S SPOON!" lolz
If so, just have them reply and we'll sort out the details.
Mexico vs. Venezuela at Sam Boyd Stadium be there!!! Elle Vie will be making its first appearance at a sporting event!! More to come...
In 1920, Joan of Arc was canonized by Pope Benedict XV.
What is the cost of a square farm at $15 per acre, the distance of which is 640 rods?.
RT Hopefully we'll see you at the event on May 12. Go DC!
Lol nah that's all u PLAYA!
Just enjoyed a free 10-minute massage thanks to !
I'd rather have Price and Ethier right now.
Left ear feels like it has water in it. Everything sounds muffled. Time to mix......
I don't watch that shit all like that. I seen the ones on Netflix tho
Really enjoyed the History Channel Pickers TV show last night! It was fun to watch Daniel locate the various treasures!
Hey ladies! welcome to town. ain't beer great?
Now buy your apt!
and that my friend is capitalism at its finest!!
you sound like you were an amazing child! Ps will there be a chance to meet you after the show Monday night?
Rain or shine we're still working hard: Delivering 2 dumpsters to a new remodel job starting in Bellaire. Can we help you with your remodel?
Anyone have decent ideas for lit. mags to submit poetry too? Would like to test the waters, so something small or mid market would rock.
In the e:60 bit, there was a pic of a young Rodgers with a Packers sweatshirt. What is the story behind that?
Lots of good, fun ideas thrown around w/ and at 12th Street Tap House tonight.
favorite "lower third" yesterday was the player tweet tracker.
she's got mad talent!
You're in midseason form.
Unbelievable - dinner at Bandera in Chicago & we're at the same table as last time we were here. Except isn't with us this time :-(
"Status quo is off the table". Watershed moment for college football may be upon us. I'd love to see a playoff format.
Money Money Money - Money! Wait...nope, the Secret is bullshit.
Toured the Celestial Seasonings factory in Boulder.
That Awkward Moment In An Arguement When You Realize You're Wrong .
I am also insanely excited to see The Vow this weekend with
Ugh, so disappointed. :(
closes by thanking the hardworking #bmorehistoric volunteers.
I can't even rub 2 pennies together. Smh.
LOL. yeah.. i'm definitely coming now. :P anything to skip a week of school, hehe.
Those are always better than the angry, bitter ones. Though, sometimes those are pretty awesome too haha.
Darius Johnson-Odom runs so fast his own feet can't even keep up.
<3 What a great day
Today is good to plan for your 2012 start the year off right.Plan for your 4 year retirement.
Note to self: When sending a fax, make sure the machine isn't in "copier" mode. 1.858.550.8000 copies is a few too many.
Happy Thanksgiving! We hope your day is full of football and family!
#FridayReads I'm finishing my book club book: Mirage Man: Bruce Ivins, the Anthrax Attacks, and America's Rush to War by David Willman
lol u should kum to dallas it was 115 the other day lol
Just got my ears pierced at at the
yes! Try to keep your limit to 10 a day, they are kinda addicting haha
I agree...he's been showing hints of this. So huge. Of course, it helps that Bo hasn't been pulling him after he misses a shot
Hi Jim.What makes that stat scarier(from your vantage point) is that 4 of those 14 #yankees errors were from 1 player(sent down)
Still. They drop that $499!!! and you go CRAZY. Then they tell you that was the base model. "Here's a Porsche!! No engine, though."
Ditto. “: There is no ad I loathe more right now than the incoherently crying mother and daughter shopping for cell phones.”
define occasionally!
We're excited to help you re-live memories of the King of the Cowboys & the Queen of the West—passing their inspiration to a new generation.
S/o to my new follower !!!
RT: RT : "When you need an epiphany, you need to make time to waste time."
I have tried to lift France out of the mud. But she will return to her errors and vomitings. I cannot prevent the French from be
Truth. Good when contagious, too. RT : "You can't teach passion. You have to hire passion." #thepitch (True for all biz, not just ad.)
Have u ever had that moment where u just took off ur sock and then u can't find it
I will be the best librarian. Patron: "Hey, this site won't load, what gives"? Me: "Bet it's broken. Give up now, sweet cheeks."
Yes! thank god rock won in #wrestlemaniaWrestleMania XXVIII
im not being a strsnger baby just been real busy lately you have always been in my mind
wish the site can have open, moderated, accessible comments. They're the best part of 's site.
for sure! U rock girl!
It's crazy! Hillary's opposition camp would have been all over that and we have more important issues to worry about. TV off.
tgif, Katy Perry.((:
Ohh yeah....you know it!
you're NAUGHT a nice person!
with your same job title, experience, education and more factors.
:-o I'm not in town until tomorrow afternoon. Will they still be available?
Hold up today's Mothers Day can y'all motherless hoes stfu! please and thanks lol
Do cops ever pull motorcyclists over? I've never seen one going less than 90 on the freeway. SMH.
Well tweeters this dude needs some major sleep. Running on E. Work resumes tomorrow morning. fml
That's a gorgeous picture!
do the reverse Joba on Wood. Make him into a starter. The guy has nasty stuff
The buyer is always one click away from "goodbye." Always speak directly to your customers' values.
Good thing there are 8.5 innings to go....
Just wanted to wish you a happy Friday! Hope your day goes well and your heart stays big! CHEERS!
Dude I wanna live in a window display and get sponsored by downey!!
i cant find where i put your number... so i'll just give you mine, ok?
Sorry I'm being such a bum, I'm just not in a good mood.. :/
That just gave me a giggle. RT : If Barack Obama ain't black, his lips sholl are!!!
Getting an amazing phone case very soon.
why does it that everyone love but cant make that love last its sad really
1 day baby. we like members of aa taking it 1 dream @ a time until we have our nite in paris w/ the 1. the 1 is all we need! :)
hey jay, great meeting you yesterday. Let's keep in touch
Indianapolis company donates supplies to Henryville school
Well, naturally. But since I don't have any I settled for peanuts...literally.
I went on a diet, swore off drinking and heavy eating, and in fourteen days I lost two weeks.
The successful man is the one who finds out what is the matter with his business before his competitors do. Roy L. Smith
Some times, your thoughts are the last things you want to think
and on new follower day, too! sorry new guys! #ugly,
HIGH FIVE.
Is Usher sporting a mohawk?
MT LA Times Book Prize congrats to & super-editor
Not sure if I should get up right now and start making dinner....nah, I think I will wait
#90sinsults "Boy's go to Jupiter to get more stupider." ;D
Also follow :D
I got your follow right here, bub. We're a producing company, I'd like to invite you to follow our page!
How's the day treating you?
awwhh I feel special! :) hahaha I thought I heard wrong I was just like oh? random much? haha
yeah sounds good! maybe one evening next week?
RT "You can’t argue with a good blow job"...George Carlin. Why would anyone even want to??
pardon me sir?
no1 ever txts me call me or tweets me anymore
Trivia tonight Free, 21+, 7:30pm. Practice Question: What is Africa's largest country? No Cheating
Dear, Starbuks Coffee. I wanted you to go in my mouth not on my shirt and pants. I guess next time.
do the 'Skins know what they are doing? trade the future away and franchise a player who was suspended 4games.
I'm the UsA's Crimson :) Or at least I once aspired to be like they were in late-1990s. Don't know the work out now.
Now is a great time to buy farmland or ranchland in central Florida. Contact me and I'll show you.
if kidd-gilchrist comes back, I could see him getting some love. But I think you may be on to something here.
« You're right.. I am crazy. But you know what else? I don't give a fuck.»
Her waist anorexic but her ass is colossal
We've got the case of the crying boyfriend coming up with Judge Gino. That's 10 minutes away.
Awesome that is so true :)
. M&Ms aren't really worth the effort to eat them, but when they're right in front of you. Here, you want some Teaberry gum?
I took a 3 hour nap this afternoon... Totally know how you feel
Trying to figure out if they think cops throw teddy bears at violent suspects while they're in pursuit.
Long day ahead: first job, second job, meeting, rehearsal. Total time: roughly 13 hours.
Check out the lowered prices on our wooden racks!! You'll love & just in time for Christmas!
I can't lie me and the girls looking real fly today! Get fly or go home. Home is never an option though lol
Don't you worry your pretty little mind; people throw rocks at things that shine. ;*
is out in the snow! Can't complain about this Chicago winter :)
They need to work in sync. G+ has quality but it may not be the right audience where Facebook or Twitter may be better
Omg I just got a PA job! :D
that's my Kiemo!
People of all ages are at the REV Your Engines concert. Organizers say they tried to get bands of different eras to attract diverse crowd
Would you say that its en fuego? Brooklyn's on fire? RT: : Brooklyn, yer killin it today!
On Fireworks, says he's still trying to make up his mind. Tough decision, one that must be made by midnight
follow back sexy...
#TrayvonMartin outrage seems to be worse than #TroyDavis and growing more each hour
OK, she wins Twitter RT OMG Phil Lesh (Grateful Dead) just stopped by looking for me 2 give us tix to his new club
Apparently now being a nice guy and being polite means NERD, GAY, LAME....WTF!!!!!!!!!!!
call me if you need a fix, call me if you need a boost
I remember when I use to POP BUBBLE WRAP.....
Matt Toter with some beautiful saves to deny Delaware on the PP
Minnesota Senate committee debating Voter ID bill. I'll keep you posted.
you too!!
spurs are killn me right now
No Gym Flow tweets today I see..
i have natural beauty...... cant buy that..not bragging just saying :/
Following back
sloans lake is the place to be.
that looks good, let me know what you think!
Thanks for sharing the interesting article!
Brilliant pitching from #Mets staff today in 1-0 win. Nice to see Johan back.
I'm am looking for #Independent #Models contact your contact name, an pic
I'm on da zoo.
Just scored 3 expired packs of Polaroid film for $15. Yes please!
did you see it?
dare you to move. <3
"I'm Always In Lau" - Wilco
Theres a song that goes ''i dont want this nite to end'' but today ''i dont want this DAY to end!! D': RememberTrust
why do hangovers last all day when your over 30?
Through 2 innings, there have been 23 baseballs used. There were 15 in the 1st.
I've heard of composers working with limited time, but never procrastination. That explains a lot about the final score.
Long night at work. No fires yet, just folks getting high and burning food...
Nothing stays the same.
You would think that a simple nested IF THEN macro would be easy to write in Visual Basic (excel) but I just can't get it to work
: HA! It will be funny to see that CITGO car actually finish a race!
Son Dambi looks amazing!!!
If u knew how i felt u would feel the saMe Cheergirl<333
Self-made or never-made!!
Dr.Sherry, I'm a Indie bookstore mgr. and I just sent an eMail wondering how to get your book for a customer. 2nd one sent
oh unfollowed! ratchet ass bitch.
Partying into 2012 in nordeast. 2011 was super difficult but also super epic. Drinking champagne to the trials of 2012
No Mother's Day Brunch at Got anthing special at night for mothers of SD?
That silent moment you have when you sit next to the person you like.
Friday's Flatbread: Citrus Infused Chicken w/ red peppers, bacon, jalepeno, provel/mozzarella Soups: Tart Cherry Gazpacho or Korean Vegetabl
Ready for some HOUSE music tonight w/my boi
My #Derby pick: Creative Cause. But "the most exciting 2 mins in sports"?? I don't think so. Right ?
Hot: Songs without whistling. Not: Songs with whistling.
next time aim a little higher. Right in the chops!
Tip #169: When playing versus thinking regulars be sure to balance your range by playing a wider range of hands different ways in same spots
Christmas is ten days away. :o
I'm off to buy some clothes (hopefully)!
I have a feeling Bobby Valentine is going to do just fine in Bean Town....
strangely, Walljasper made no tweets tonight of how well u all played.
football updates? What time is the game?
23. That's how many lifetimes it will take to pay the mortgage!
(Showing my age.) Remember the old teen horror books from the 80s & 90s? So much fun to read. Cusick, Stine, Pike... good stuff.
Olivia, stfu. You. Are. Beautiful. <3
I have now :)
Happy Spring Break to all SLIS Students! We'll be taking a break on Twitter & Facebook next week, too! See you in April :)
WERE GOING TO THE SUPERBOWL!!!
you is crazyy...Love bein on the phone with you ! ahhahahahaha
Why was the plumber sad?
If you talk to a man in a language he understands that goes to his head . (Nelson Mandela} but if you talk to a man in his own language
Who the hell has time for twitter?
According to Bret Bielema the only player cleared to play that will be held out of the Spring Game is Montee Ball
Magic happens every day. Had a bit of it with Sara Isaacson in workshop tonight. Rather cool actually.
I have. It's not exactly the same. If you end up showing me around, I'll tell you more about it.
"The better person you become, the better person you'll attract." -W.S.
are you on y100 yet.
at the skating rink with caity!
Nice! That's very cool of you. I'll bet that he loves it!
Finally, sunny day here in sf...loving it. How are things in atx, ?
let's create better #middleschoolmemories, teach kids to give and expect respect for each other and their dates.
lolol best movie ever
yessir! sorry so late my enternet game is real whack right now...goodnight! whats good with you?
Gonna be with my girls and my boy <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
The biggest innovation in mobile? I don't think it's NFC or AR.. It's consumer mindset: from something new to something expected/natural
What happens in Scotts. Stays in Scotts!
lol ok I see you have a fan base!
what's on the menu
tell me how it felt when you put it in Bill Self's mouth.
i get confused between the Civil Wars and the Cold War Kids a lot.
So the Big 12 has 10 schools, and the Big 10 has 12 schools? hm...
couldn't happen to better city and fans, suck it Boston
- the Mister GoLightly next on the menu - - - just waiting to select the proper spirits (wink-wink)
They gave him over a hundred million to blow on mediocrity (Carroll, Henderson, Downing, Adam) and he finished 8th.
OMG YOU FELL FOR PHIL MCKRACKEN. CLASSIC.
@ indianapolis children's museum with the kiddos
fb buys instagram for $1b. i'm tired of everything being connected to everything else. i'm slightly different people on different things.
where do I sign up at
; "just ignore her, she does this all the time. I still want to be friends with you." Thnks for the worst advice I've ever got in my life :)
The Avengers was fantastic. The writers did a wonderful job, the special f/x were good - I could happily see it again. Thumbs up!
Wow sugar shane was going at canelo like a speed bag
You don't make radio, you break it
RT : Will We See You Tomorrow at the Securing Our eCity Symposium & Awards? Register for this Free Event!...
let's hope so! #PartyOnTheHarbor is going to be great! Get your dancing shoes on!
A friend of the family is on American Idol. His name is Chris Medina. Help him become the next American Idol! GOOD LUCK CHRIS! :)
are you a hitman?? If so, I have a job for you. lol
Happy Monday! Make it a great week.
it was really great meeting you last night. You had so many great points re: brand perspective at
And it's laughter that they're making after all.
Cranberry and vodka
"Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle." -- Alan Stein ()
Got any idea for Brunch ? Join us today at Oro Pomodoro at Rockville Town Square. Music starts at noon.
yup... at the 3:35 mark you can see me in my yellow shirt... off to the left :)
yeah!!! Lol u see that huh??? Making moves!!!
Me an mom r goin out to eat! Cant wait cuz im HUNGRY!
Haven't done it but first thing I'd try would be coconut milk.
Great Halloween night out! RT : Avoid the line tomorrow night & get your NOTLD: the puppet show tx in advance at the Oriental!!
Thanks for including me in your 10,000 tweet!
Hey, look at that, 1000 tweets. I wish there was a quick + easy way to look at my old ones.
Thanks for edit. Need to learn tweet language.
who fought ?
Why do some rollers rest the paint on a surface better then others? It's all about the nap!
haha thanks but i said u didnt have to .... but relly thanks it means alot p.s. #TylersPartsOfTheBody hah we r trendin it :)
start and end there.
someones a little too conceded
Gov Patrick in Sao Paulo Brazil
RT : When studying, read the rationales of the questions that you get right AND wrong. Refer to the text to clarify the...
to wake up early for breakfast? Probably a miracle.
That show is cool. Tell others to follow!!!!
i can relate
The difference between a woman on her period and a terrorist is that you can negotiate with a terrorist.
excited for your presentation on creating powerful personal branding using social mediums #UCLeads , will you see this now?
Frickin yeah! All that stuff is dope!
Just... like... in the street with James Garfield (the boar’s head, not the prez)? Because I bet she’d do that.
Just had our 1st official planning mtg re: ICTC orientation in June! :)
Reporting for Spec, sitting a few feet from Arianna Huffington.
I like it. There's a ramp up to the door and everything.
Did you just send me a text? Because I didn't get it.
<U+2661> Happy Mother's Day to you too :-) hope it's a good day for you. Tell your mom I said it too! <U+2661>
Learning much more about why a Carmel Valley woman was arrested for her 4-year-old son's death. The troubling court appearance on News8
fabulous. Tell him to look me up!
or sorry you form your own opinion on music? ahah so dumb
Neiman Marcus is testing a new iPhone app that lets customers interact directly with sales associates. Loving this idea!
finals week - 3 down 2 more to go - then im done till jan 18 - gonna get a tat tonight before class hells yea lol :) -
Saw your recent blog post. Are you moving to Madison?
Tonight is the draft!
i'm going to need the clippers to beat memphis, that's it. then go ahead and lose to the spurs.
#WorldWaterDay Choose to skip the meat today and save thousands of gallons of water today!
Being this stressed out <<<<<
Happy New Year! Starting out the year even par!
will ever tweet me someday!!!!!!!!??????huhuhuhu
In organizations, real power and energy is generated through relationships
you really bout that action lil nigga YOU JUST CAPPIN....Fella
I need to go take my suburban. Lol
Sometimes the one you want is actually the one you’re best without......---
The poorest of the #poor on the earth... are children. ~Mama maggie #Mvt121 VP Tony Chen
You can't turn back the clock. But you can wind it up again. - Bonnie Prudden
Success is going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill
ugh. suckky night.
is so funny.
valentine's day is coming, wish everyone has a nice day....
ppl just runnin their mouths.. you know how it goes... You can relate with my experiences lmao
Two weeks ago Macy's this week Bloomingdales. It seems Customers no longer count.. Had a problem with these retailers. Let me know How SAD.
So proud of you - great year and cant wait for next year to be even better! Perseverance, Passion, and Patience! =)
A big thanks to Troy and the crew at for providing drinks at our first #MongoDB Meetup last month. Hey #Developers, Round 2?
Hell yeah
You know you got a awsome girlfriend when she makes you a sandwhich after sex. :-)
Wheels down at DCA - in town to celebrate the induction of the 2011 National Heritage Fellows #NEAHeritage ceremony tonight. Will be great.
Justin Bieber's networth is 120 million. Most of his haters work at wal-mart.
Funny boy
Got yelled at by guys while I was pumping gas... Yeah cuz yelling skeet skeet gets all the girls
Have you tried whole wheat pasta? Hard to tell the diff. RT : Q3 Would love for my family to eat more whole grains.
Bus ride to Denver to practice. Well I'm just gonna be riding the bike and doing abs unfortunately
Come to the official after party tonight after the #Grizzlies game! Grizz girls will be there, no cover!
damn! I fail again! WTF ;(
Great Monday! Made some Smoked cheese in Boise today, everyone loved it!
I need more help with the simple situations!
My latest album "FREE FALLING" is now available on your favorite music apps!! Now live on itunes, spotify, etc ... Support Local Music!!!
#askObama Ans. 1 Admitted mistake: Didn't explain and didn't realize how long it would take to get recovery
#DaBears game right now... Cathouse later for my bday celebration.
k cool
Just saw your episode of Criminal Minds...and you weren't the bad guy! : )
I'm glad you feel better its nice when someone lets you rest and cares for you maybe one day I will find somone like that
I don't really care.
won't say where 7 casinos would be located. 7 would be established If voters approve amendment legalizing gaming.
": Thought for the off-season: "Nobody who ever gave their best regretted it."
The Santa Monica Digglers will do great biz.
Brandon Jacobs?
Tweeting about us today? Use or #craftybastards in your tweets!
I Used To Run That Album In High School. And My Girl Lives On Q-Tip's Old Block Lol
Thanks for another great session everybody. See you next week.
wear coke white cuz my vans hella clean
+250 guests!! Looking forward to catering at the Natural History Museum in Balboa Park this weekend.
yes! I would love to get some outdoor screenings going on. We should talk. I want to know more about your river doc.
rachelle would listen but she is bussing tables at a Jewish deli in Encino tonight
“the fortress mentality will not work in cyberwar”
I sometimes forget about Twitter, to be honest. :) That's why I go days without a tweet.
Everything should be fine. Please let us know if you continue to see any problems - we appreciate it!
at least 150 for 5 mins worth or maybe 500 for several clips...gotta eat timmy
shit you look good to me baby
Visit us inside of Excalibur... serving the best burgers all day long!
Hi Steve. I just wanted to thank you for talking with my son Jordan in Indy at the event at the Hyatt in Feb. It meant a lot.
hell yeah! how was the sac show?
I prefer drinking my dessert as well.
It's been a pretty mild one today. Now is the time to do your unit maintenance.
Wonderful turnout for last night's opening of Liminal Suspension at Gallery 114. Thank you for coming out!
uh at school and then i gotta work later and tomoro prepare for club silk!!!
WEiRD FACTT #I Catt pee glows under a black liqht:O
I really want heart shaped plugs.
Can't believe got fired :'(
ANDREW TWEETED ME :D
Come do a show in Dallas please!!!! :-)
cd release show with tonight at Fogary's in Cheviot!! Come party with us and some dudes from Pittsburgh
caraschatz: RT : "Without Change, there would be no butterflies" Great quote
Getting some chipotle!
you're hilarious, you clown. Why is that awkward?! Hahaha you signed up for it! Now...."break the rules" hahahahaha
why u no skypey?
not at all. They're orthopedically designed and can even help better your posture.
Packing is a bitch UHH
why do you always want the one you cant have
It delights me to no end such a wonderful CAPTAIN AMERICA movie exists
1949- Zsa Zsa Gabor married George Sanders.
On highway one. Smells like somebody ran over a tube of skunk.
I will hope everything is well! <LOve = CoNquer >
No!! Bundy gave up his first hit. There goes the professional no no.
new ratpackers ?? Welcome<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Traffic violation cameras are wrong on SO many levels. It scares me that we have been programmed to accept that crap, yet here we are.
for Boxing Geeks and Gurus it probably was a GREAT fight. For casual fans like me; Boring! Holla when May vs Paq is Reality
Why is Rory sleeping with Campbell?? I hate Pete Campbell.
Tickets tonight to see the incomparable My 7th time seeing her in concert.
This girl ugly af and her clothes never fit ...
#3WordsForYou I Miss Us <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
v_v looks like no one wanna talk . . . #rusheroff :L
Thanks for the LR/Aperture feedback Not sure what I'll do...
Need to find a new book to read, life seems so boring when I'm not
im down if its for sure.
According to a Watson Wyatt survey, 63% of co's that cut exec pay or instituted salary freeze won't re-adjust exec salaries over next 6 mths
How exciting! How are you feeling? Hubby just started building us a house. He looks good in his hard hat and work boots!
"You must be a friend. I've always wanted a friend." We are all Corduroy.
Anyone remember the movie teaching mrs tingle? Omg I used to love that movie
Holy hell. Just...ugh.
Making it happen
Lots of yellow cards so far (3). So I added a new question to #SportingExplore: will there be a red card?
Impressed the #1940census enumerator got spelling of Uithuizen, Groningen, Netherlands right as 1935 residence for a family in Los Angeles!
A nerd rock concert at #EC? How could we not have heard of this event until now?
great local #leesburg author with new book coming out in november to follow:
Terrible line out leads to USA turnover
Back home in ATL!
u should have asked for patron lol
follow back(: Id be grateful!
(step two in a little bit =)
eyes wide shut
Fluery is rock solid right now! Go
hahhaha so do you and you don't know how to reply?
Thank you #NBA for not scheduling the #Cavs on christmas. The last thing #Cleveland needs is to be disappointed 2 days in a row.
thanks for the RT!
lol.I would asked him to take that elsewhere.
don't consider him a QB. He's got to matt jones it or nothing. Light yrs away from an NFL caliber passer. Slowest release.
Don't let past relationships ruin your future happiness, scars remind us of where we've been, not where we are going
A diamond with a flaw is preferable to a common stone with none. -- Chinese Proverb
Cool! Come sat and watch me pitch! :-)
Yes, I'd love to!
Happy Valentine's Day! Any plans to celebrate in downtown mke?
Ryan Cain is 22! My awesome brother (many sources will confirm he's the cooler Cain) deserves nothing less than the happiest of birthdays!
um, my house is nicknamed "The Big Top"
ya'll the damn sap police!
Family of SDSU student Barzeen Barzanji reflect on his life and their loss and share what they believe took his life. News8
you already miss me?
Well im offyyy to sleep i love you so much <3 night babe (:
Its so funny watching Parental Control because they're all horrible actors
Join us for worship in the Lounge tonight at 8 p.m.!
And you, dear!!
The guys say I been winning lately but I don't see it
starting the morning off at the
What are your plans for the coming weekend? Spring break trip?
Hey, that's not Chop!
Just woke up with the most lovely voice ever heard and on The Most Charming smile I ever Saw<U+2665> Can't wait 4 2moro
Will the IA/MN game be replayed on BTN this week?
I haven't had a txt in 2days. Line been dry
We have 797 staff & faculty positions open at How many of you are waiting for a decision?
Is it Friday yet? I'm wiped!!
I hate when someone calls my name 20 times, then when I finally reply they say "NEVERMIND", bitch you better tell me....
hey could you hook me up with some follows?
Tapping into your world.
I don't know what to think about the name of the coin sorter I bought. Money Miser.
maybe you can toss one for me? ;)
Want to add a WORKOUT BUDDY to your account?? Do it now for reduced Monthly Dues and No Enrollment Fee!!! TODAY ONLY
need to get in the studio asap!!! i got a joint for us! (pause)
RT Dana is trying to sell me on Chief Keef...not really working /:
Bed sheets cleaned for free on #freefriday . It doesn't matter if you are from #pillowtown, #blanketsburg or
What happens between freshman and sophomore year that makes you stop wearing a lanyard around your neck?
Goodmorning S/O to #TeamProsody for the love and support!!!!!! We're taking on the world for y'all, not as fans.... "We're FAMILY"!!!!!!!!
we're only M-F. But I'll be at the office tomorrow afternoon. What's up?
Praying gets a great deal with the saints if not i just hope he gets a great deal with whoever..hopefully the saints though
We're curating a "must-follow" list for #SXSW to engage in the conversation from #DC. Any suggestions? Stay tuned for more this weekend!
peace to the musical genius! What it do bro?
Have you ever been able to say see you yesterday? I so want to do that.
Ew I do not need to see Robin Williams naked body in slow motion.
Living in the Bay Area is awesome. Living in San Francisco sucks.
No "mixup". Fiscal crisis, says the chair. Not enough students enrolling.
RT : good lunch date
ROCK TO THE RHYTHM OF THE FUCKIN JAM.
Being the life of the party in the car with #yeahbuddy!!!!
I like how my chemistry teacher always gives us 10 minutes at the end.of class to talk :D
#UrNotFromSouthLondonIf You are from Lower Uncton
Its also interesting to look at how cultural practices and design prescribe what gay should be.
I will get the three staff favorites to you later today when everyone is here
Listening to 's new audio book. Thirsty for tequila.
Its a snake skin No its a used condom lmfao ! #hangover lmfao
storms are coming today. -.- woo hoo.
I mean, I assume those are just "participation ribbons" like you give to the 5th place soccer team your 12 year old plays on, but still.
Is it just me or does the weekend just seem to fly by? ~ Jake
And certainly doesn't have to be there for you to go.
of course everything is still busy but hoping to get back to my blogging/tweeting/writing routine soon. Got an article due today
Thanks for the RT's - Happy Mother's Day!
Time to see what we're made of! We've practiced/prepared/worked 2 b here, time to seize the opportunity!!!
Cause I Know Da Bxtch Won't Use It & I Like A Crazy Mf.
This man has mood lighting in his dam vehicle!
hot ass track
thank you for the #ff<3
I can't believe they put that in the news, about a elderly Man,that he let a 49 scond FART in Church, said it was his medicine that did it!
Thanks for the RT!
I was just beaten up for taking a rest.Security certainly has tightened up at the snooker club lately.
I do not want to get up and shower....maybe I can rock the dreads look? haha
Thanks!! I'm really excited and I LOVE D.C.
lol so serious. do i kno u from somewhere?
“: needs to get their asses to Lexington to play a show ASAP.” as you wish!:)
It does... but honestly, everything is passing. It helps to see it that way.
#ThatOnePersonInSchool That I See & Smile Like An Idiot ^-^ <3
Thanks for your donation !
#WVLeg redistricting maps look like an economic stimulus package if you are a political consultant in
Sorry for the spammy RT tweet. The "guy" tried to hijack this acct. #carryon :)
... And just because you got over me.. Doesn't mean I am going to do the same..</3
we miss you here in LV buddy!
Splendid. Couldn't be better. How are you?
no, i'm not sure who made it. just got an email about it and thought i'd promote it
The Cab is playing tonight at Warehouse Live!
what bout him
I hate how my mom holds onto my money...
RT : Why can't I do my Sociology paper?! No motivation whatsoever.
I know :( I had already quit but this last final pissed me off so yeah .____.
You can say anything critical of psychiatry to psychiatrists but no docking space in their brain for those ideas Fullilove
damn im sorry love
have funn we love u :)
I'm in Anaheim with no car...
Thanks to my 2nd period gf I passed that government quiz and got the highest in the class.
Im gonna keep up with yoi tonight my friend. I'm all game for the Pats. :-)
That's quite the nice collection you got there!
Welcome new followers , , !
#GroupTravel throughout Florida and Abroad!
More coffee?
I'm a fan but I bet Kobe has bitch slapped Barnes at least once in the locker room...
You are so freakin' beautiful!!! I'm jelous. lol :)
want to see J Edgar next, anyone seen it?
me too
Haha. Can I come? RT : I need to borrow your kids so I can go see Lion King and Puss in Boots!!! <U+E057>
Starting now I'm going to save money so I can buy me a computer ^^
had to wait 30 seconds for steak.
Start a tab w Kenichi to cut your parking tab - valet on Colo St and make purchase to cut valet tab from $8 to $3 - what a deal!
Get rid of those #tootoo whistles!! I love the guy but come on!
That'd be off the chain
It is Friday right?
Do you know how to find out the designer? I thought the same thing when I saw her clothes. Want both coat and jacket!
#indieview I did it alone too. All my NYC friends thought I was nuts. Loved it...esp Glacier National Park!
World's biggest lie, right behind "The check's in the mail" & "I promise not to cum in your mouth": "I'm not a politician."
no solid plans. last year we did Hollander.
It's Friday. I'm home. I'm relaxing. Cat is with me. Bliss.
Happy to post that my Account Group Supervisor for GolinHarris, Consumer and VP of Digital, GolinHarris are filled. It took a month of hard…
and now Chapman whom we thought was NOT available is now throwing in pen.
All Lifers,Follow This New Account They Support #SoSoDef & The Whole Empire !
It's too bad he also endorses poverty.
yeah right off the bat I would say I disagree too since graffiti perceives itself to be Art. Still need to read the piece.
Looking for more writers. Georgia Tech and the Braves are where we have spots. DM, mention or email me if interested.
#InOurGeneration many of us depend on lower standards to make up for the lack of effort . . . Now those who rise up stand out even more
I'm going to warn you that the MLB2k series is notoriously buggy. I have like 3 of them.
Hi Rebecca, what application has 'open tweet' option in the tool bar? I've looked for it in Twitter & Tweetdeck w no success. (:
Basketball game today (: wish me good luck(:
hi! i want a copy of first aid kit's newest! i also just wanted to say hi :)
not reviewable and the whole ball has to come out. Only half did.
Just walked across the stage. It's an amazing feeling!!!!!
french is such a pretty language :3
hahaha ur too funny my love... where are my cookies :)
It would thunder when i have to take this long ass journey home from school. Damn it I got that umbrella though.
I was told I have 3days to get them straightened out. That's what I'm going with.
I love spending time w/ my daddy & sister when I don't go to school. ^-^
Literally belting out Taking Back Sunday.
I love you for that my dude, im coming to see you soon homie
Good one. RT : Thought of the day: Don't be afraid to fail, because failing does not make you a failure.
Big bruise on the leg today....
I don't think I've ever been this stressed before!! God please get me through this day.
The most useful piece of learning for the uses of life is to unlearn what is untrue. ~ Antisthenes via
to think you actually cared.
Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much ~ Helen Keller
Okay, this whole 'spring forward' thing is highly over-rated. Can we just 'fall back' now ... please?
I had a great time hanging out last night- Let's do it again soon!
so excited.
Thanks for the RT! I take it you have had to put together a few IKEA products as well...
good morning everybody!
#campaigntech Q: How close are we to 100% matching between offline voter profiles and IP address? #WoahIts2012 #WhatAboutTheFirstAmendment?
Used WordPress and Anthologize in teaching a faculty seminar last week. Easy to use Anthologize. Faculty and students making ePubs.
What doesn't kill you, makes you stronger <3
I just started listening to 'Bossypants'--It's going to be a good day.
Judging by my '90s wardrobe, I was chock-full of fear and did not have what it took to run with the Big Dogs.
Heading to #Schmooze PDX tonight. Hope to see familiar faces and meet a new ones :)
Headaches for sale!!
yeah, and people were singing along, but wasn't loud, strange song choice. Maybe cause theyre low in the standings right now?
Poker Face on Fuse!
i dont want things to go back the way they were cuz i dont want my feelings for you to come back
Fitzgerald says constituents told him to "stay the course this is what we elected you to do" about act 10
5/14-Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Dean Edwards
Chilean miners FTW
RT : : The real power of this journey was that I don't just #GetOverIt + we all adapt to get over challenge
check out my zombie apocalypse website for more survival tips, and to become a member and post your own tips, www.sandovalnation.webs.com
thanks! I came up with it during chem.
EVERYBODY WATCH 10 ON TOP ON MTV TOMORROW! CODY IS GOING TO BE ON IT :D
tonight playing music from /crownradio
2011.06.25 #Brewers 11 #Twins 1| A beautiful night / to witness at Miller Park / Twin dismantling.
The storms are comin.
"If we consolidate schools, what happens to optional schools and programs?"- question from the audience.
Nosezone burn. The burn caused by static when my wife and I kiss.
great! Thanks for the references!
#ICantDateSomeoneThat I cant trust.
'Careless Whisper' is hands down the best song to have grocery store sex to.
Hafner with a high drive to center, as he cruises in with a lead off double!
you always have the best/ most helpful tweets!
Are you Going to Ustream for us ?
Some kind of morning
Life should been written in pencil, so you can go back and erase your mistakes! ;)
Billy, do you like gladiator movies....
It can't be that bad. Try 4 kids, by yourself for 8 hours. The fun part is when they all start fighting. Good luck.
libraries have my eternal love for offering a labeled MARC view.
4am. I'm exhausted. but I can't sleep. -__-. so I'm bugging again
Perhaps shockey went to great lengths to fabricate the text! Photoshop whiz. And no punish for sapp I'm sure. People like him on nfln.
Enjoyed the #Unsung - Ray Parker Jr. screening in Hollywood a few nights ago. Ray is an incredibly talented musician, songwriter & singer.
what happened ? /:
Save your drama for ange. . . . .
Live Music 9:30PM 2nite at Mississippi Pizza & Pub, Featuring Dean! - jazz/folk/rock
God will break you of your religion
It coz I have been revising, I no complain when you revise! x
It was fabulous to see last night! Thank you for the awesome dinner!
ya they have a set with a mic built in. Great with iPhone. Not sure about how they work with other phones.
which mighty airline are you flying tonight. My first guess is US Air.
Hi, my name is Corey. I'm the straight edge kid that still hangs out at a bar because it's okay. It's called
Favorite Sorbet Flavor?
THAT WAS JUST THE GREATEST WEDDING EVER EVEN BETTER THEN MY OWN I SO LOVE JASAM
they always put on quite a show, huh?
thanks. I will check this out.
There should be some sort of whistle or horn one can blow to round 'em up!
Fuck this. I'm not sitting in my apartment alone all night so I can just think about stuff. I can't do that...
Having a curvy body is the best <U+270C>
good mornign everyone!^^ what are you doing today??
- No problem! =) I was at the game last night, rough one. AJ pitched well though.
I want to do too many things.
The only way to figure out who really cares is to see who cries when you die.
#rusaprog on social media in libraries from surprised at how many people aren't sold on twitter etc
Do You Remember The First Time when Mortal Kombat came out it was on every news channel CNN was saying it would turn your kid into a killer
“: But I'd rather be a pedophile rapist than a Pau Gasol.” lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Tomorrow on Forward: Ida Jo, Whiskey Farm, & Scott Wilcox are in-studio to play tracks from "Cheddar Revolution: Songs of Uprising"
OK, service was bad but creamy jalapeño sauce was awesome at #chuys oxmoor. The manager comped our meal, so there's that.
does this list also include Never Say Never? If so, all creiablity is instantly lost.
Hates having these "adult" twitterers Following me!!!!
above all else, when you've stuck your for in your mouth, you manned up... I can't quit you
": I guess I'll look good in grey and blue #fuckingorioles" - Everyone looks better in the pinstripes
slow pc's suck
: Pardon my nerdiness, but Nick Fury is the Vince Lombardi of super heroes.
Are you using Mac or Windows?
Hey George! When will we have the midterm questions for Leadership and Ethics?
Had to stop following some people on my twitter cuz they were flooding my feed with boring, dumb tweets.
"And when its over and its done, you almost wish you could you could have the bad stuff back, so that you could have the good too."
Wait. Spurs play the Warriors next...RJ!!
Aww we're cute ;)
Can Corey Hart be shipped to an electro-shock therapy treatment center to lay off the down-and-away breaking ball?
RT I will be there for opening night!!!
And we appreciate your food! Keep sending out winners!
I wonder how is doing?
ill rt yours for mine lmao :)
I get , nice dev work & benefit to the food truck owners & consumers. Efficient for both sides. Good job team!
Laying in bed blessed with the support from friends family and new fans of my music. Thank you everyone :)
I love it when my car doesn't start at 445 in the morning...
Had wonderful news writing workshop at the Clarion office today. A big thank you to all that attended, can't wait for your news stories!
I'm trying! Jeeze.
The smell of mosquito spray means summer is around the corner
Wanna get a bottle but owners got some nigga trapped in there cause he stole lmao
So cool RT Neiman Marcus launching location based app that pings users w/ deals when they walk into the store
Shane needed to die. After so much backstabbing, and him wanting to steal Lori and Carl from Rick.. he had to go.
but I am
DC bound for an early start to the weekend! Please send recos on where I can eat, shop and eat. Danka.
cute cat!
Paul Konerko is a professional hitter.
I want Ariana to be the first celebrity I meet.
it's amazing! I haven't gone on the weekend bc I hear the wait is brutal. I've gone before work twice and didnt have 2 wait
RT : #Cubs fans, RT this if you’re excited for #OpeningDay and Cubs baseball to start in an hour!
please follow me? Thanks! :)
Do u got practice on thurs ?
Simon Spero of , in his new partnership with PS307 is working to improve the technology capacity of the school. Great work!
I like it. You're in Louisville?
im always positive, my nicknames positive patty c:
they were too gory I thought and not terrifying like the original which still scares the shit out of me
so just wondering, do you by chance have child support to pay? You weren't very clear about it on the show.
Haha can't wait. I hope its soon.
listening to the great Phoenix band Dyke and the Blazers doing So Sharp. Were great at the Calderon Ballroom on south side
Just heard about the "birther" conspiracy theory. OMG WTF people? Almost as bad as Clinton impeachment. But hasn't hit Congress yet. Phew.
"For it was not into my ear you wispered, but into my heart."
Aw Gurl, I love you too! Same here, Gurl. You got my back, and I got yours. :D
Who is stopping my team right now lol
Isn't their entire lineup sponsored by AT&T?
he puts it down like New York City
RT : PROMO DEPOT BLOG WATCH: Check in on Coach Warren and his travels this summer with the USA Under-19 national......
Onions sweating. Italian and French chicken sausage combo on deck. Peppers, tomatoes, Italian herbs in the hole.
“It’s like all my life everyone has always told me 'you’re a shoe, you’re a shoe, you’re a shoe."
Hope you had a safe flight
Home sweet home Minnesota
Back in Sonoma this past weekend. Kayaking in healdsburg was lovely!
Who downloaded for Android today?
thanks! There's more where that came from....
Uhm, that's unattractive. Please stop.
": Homerun! Gomes! Go Reds!" --> The Reds are looking good so far. I'm going to the Cardinals game tonight. Brrrrr!
Judge don't act like Jeanenne ASSUME
Stonebriar parking lot is packed... -__-
Keep in mind that the more intensely you train, the more time your body needs to recover. Take one day off each week.
Yeah!! I agree! That would be so epic! :D That way you would get a workout plus kill some heartless! :P
Salsa Wednesdays tonight!!! Library Bar&Grill, 3rd&Central! #ABQ #NM!!
You goin to The Queen Vic tonight. The entertainment is going to be great.
When I'm down and out I get up and write
Already!!! I know you up on game ;))
the KCAS where awesome
I love you guys!!
haha did she wanna have your babies?
I would love an electric bike from Conscious Commuter. My pick for concept company at #AngelOregon. Growing market for e bikes.
The bottle is looking alot my attractive
Who will win Philanthropist of the year? Better yet, who will win best dressed and party animal of the year for the 2011 TNF Awards!
8 hrs and I'm free
Watching Passion Of The Christ never gets easier. I'm shedding tears beyond my control. :(
Just watching #thebachelorette and I noticed 2 common factors in the guys: owning a dog and being fit
hahahahahahahah I thought you would.!! <U+E057>
The future of medicine? Follow for latest on DNA sequencing and clinical applications
Hahah I try.
What a day
don't even start with the hunter to chicago suggestions please.
RT #azerbaijan FM official: raising the issue of rights in AZ is a "waste of time to raise" at the #igf2012 open consultation !
Indy is a hotbed for national cycling
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "You're a vegetarian? Well, I know a great seafood place!"
Lots of awesome stuff happening in April. One is the on April 14th hey tell us about some of the obstacles.
Colton's tweets are gay
Boys who aren't jerks <3
UConn Sweet and Elite Great game, voice is gone
Too bad my valentine is an hour and a half away :/ luckily i have a skype date tonight and a real one on friday! Love you !
Interesting, can get free impressions on network sites that charge ridiculous for impressions, Use Google to only pay for clicks!
Old man sitting next to me reading Heidegger, WHATTUP!?
Samsung Galaxy S3 Launch Live Updates
And the Sox storm right back. Corpas a shadow of his '07 self right now. 9-8 Sox, top 7 still
When Madison has his socks high >>>> when you have your socks high
thats crazy i would definietly talk to someone and see what your option are
Just learned that Yi Sugon was a believer in tripartite division of Korean history. To him, Korea's medieval era ran from 1000 to 1850.
RIP Will Norton, 18 yr old aspiring filmmaker killed in Joplin Tornado. Blessed with 2 million + internet fans.
sorry I didn't see you saturday! But let's go out Friday an obviously Saturday k? :)
On the best days I always have the worst luck!
Hoping for a win on my birthday
That's what the UT pays its great photographers to do. I love the photo we used.
Yes that's true! RT Word on the street is that the chai brownies at are Vegan. Eat up!
just need some quick fast cash <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I WAS gonna swim some laps after work, but the acid level is too high. I'm both sad and excited all at the same time. Emotional overload.
thank you guys for your support and help!
Haha, Xavier Avery HAS made it to the big leagues. He's playing in tonight's game.
please follow me. 143 :)
There is a big difference between intention and motivation..Intention is "wanting" but Motivation is doing and going beyond.Stay motivated;)
Awesome service, thanks!
Join us for a Meet and Greet with Coach O'Neill & the USC Basketball team tonight from 5:30 - 7:30p at our downtown Kilt!...
so is the problem "feelings" or is the problem "butts?" i think the term butthurt should be reserved for comedians
Im Enoying My First Dayy Of Summer! Leaving The Worthless BEHIND And Moving On Too Better Things !
Hmm, now that I cleared the clutter out of my car it would be a good time to wash it
I've had enough of you, kid.
Thank you, Ms. TJ for the RT :-)
Heading back to Cambodia
RT BREAKING- Multiple Police agencies at home of reputed mobster in CT linked to Gardner Museum heist.
I do miss u ugly... I'm mad u stopped txtn me over sumn petty
hey & you too(:
love that man.
TREY SONGZ JR IS DEAD NO
Off this morning to meet Mike from , Check out the beautiful custom porches and homes this company does!
love that. did you write or are you quoting?
It's so much easier!!
is our tech still on site?
Good Code: when syntax matches semantics
The Wave crew just boarded the shuttle for the National Championship game.
"No money man can get my love- it's sweetness that I'm thinkin' of"
ha, ok then! : I absolutely hate farts
Watching Real Steel right now. Fucking great movie. Aha. Shows how no matter where you start off you can become more than you can ever think
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. - Mohandas (Mahatma) Gandhi
Wow. That thing is a monster! Lol
IT"S GOING DOWN THIS SATURDAY @ RAIN E40 SET N IT OFF N DA AZ NWC WILL B ON DECK NODOUBT REPP N HARD 4 DA AZ ................ Page Themes
In Cali For The Bet Awards Who's Out Here With Me?? #Legoooo!
Because I liked them both. Just watch it.
shout outs all day to a 503 rep
I have an old soul but a childlike sense of wonder.
Got a preview of prez and CEO Keira Amstutz's commencement address for liberal arts students on Sun. Great speech!
Is it just me or does "the river" look like anaconda?
Only 4 classes to go.
Romo has decided to take Wally's advice and not try to qualify for the US Open. Comment below
where the fuck u was at after the party?? I was looking for ya
haha well gtg, waking up early
perfect!! Can't wait :)
Plumber's rhyme 2 avoid frozen pipes: 26 degrees/more than 4/will burst the pipes/more & more. Only need to recall 2/3X per yr in
thought I answered that lol better than this morn. headache is starting to go away. ate some soup from the chinese restruant
You ignorin my tweets..
First full day , the preview went really well last night and we've already sold a few things including a terrific Larry
Hi Mark - thanks for following. BigDot is a clean, classy, & modern looking site. WE may need your services in the future! :-)
Our mission is to be the repair shop of choice for customers, insurance companies,
hahaha! I'm not sure that dressing up like a tweenkie would be safe ;)
How much would a Kickstarter for a new season of The West Wing raise? Is "jillion" a real number?
O Florida would be great. I'm hoping for a in Texas.
How is life Alex?
maybe in a few years :P.. You never know.. I love Mercedes-Benz
Going to my Grandpa's later (:
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be. - Lao Tzu
damn, guy on the elevator. you were adorable.
RT Banning is not the answer. New technologies help students learn.
aha okay ;) LOL ygm! sad times...
absolutely - I try to make it out there every other year or so. It's an amazing event each and every time!
Happy #Fenway100 anniversary. I have the funniest story about my last trip to Boston. If we ever meet, remind me to tell you about it!
I roll large baby
#ancestry.com having problems again, I dont think they can handle the demand
#Aziz on #npr making my day...
end of October
Well let's see. I just had to run and negotiate with some cops. I'm done.
Don't miss the Archival Processing & More session today at 11:15 in Parmer 107
If you don't believe you deserve the best; then don't act surprised when you receive less than. You get what you are expecting. -RM
Looks nice!
hey whts up
whoa that looks amazing. nice work, T. happy birthday Duy.
I now fully accept that my new cell phone is a jerk when it comes to photos.
People shouldn't consider their opinions as facts. Do what you believe and respect the choices of others.
NOW WILL YOU IDIOTS STOP CHEERING CURTIS GRANDERSON
not at all, we'd love for you to review it! Looking forward to it! Thanks :)
I want those too! Tell me what you find out!
People sure will let you down...if you let them.
No good dude. Crazy is bad. I bet you are SO stoked for NY. Not gonna lie, I might be jealous!!!!!! Be careful and have fun!
Excuse me, do you have the time? Woman: No. Man: Well I have the time and it says I have time for you all the time.
The Guto is daughter tested, mother approved.
And im being taken for granted.
RT : I'm at Graceland. I was born a few years too late, or I would've been chilling in his basement
Gotta get my weight up eating big
that is wonderful...Please thank him for his service to our country...send him by for a free "Hill City Hot", Happy Jack
Goodnight Twitter =)
RT : Big boys don't cry.
Catching up on dvr old episodes of did an awesome job!
SLOW@ WORK WATCH THE RAIN FALL.
Our first night of Fill the Boot is in the bag and it was a huge success! Thanks to Orbil, Russ and Roper for coming out.
Highschool Rodeo Tommorow !! Wish Me And Pistol Lots Of Luckk!! #Nervous ..
i need a nap after our feast at cheesecake.
Can't play sports,read, go to school, or go on the computer for 1week..soo I guess I'll be back in a week/: love you guys<3
...in philly, there r also many young well-educated families who dont want 2 move 2 suburbs...
no matter how much effort i put in
meet & greet passes plus tickets to #CD101DAYSIDEB on the way to win!
talk to her man needs a job ;)
damn. I want to see some ass!
I'm stuck in traffic outside Nahville. ;(
If you are trying to figure out why TO needs his child support payments lowered its b/c he has to pay 4 women over $45k/mo total!!
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Waikoloa Beach & Kings' Golf Course!
Seems ironic that WWE has so many twitter notifications during their programming. Almost like they just want ppl to tune in but not watch
": I'll keep you posted...a fall speaker in the Chicago suburbs.">>> YES! #makeithappen LOL
That's how we roll!
I don't care what anyone says . I love <3
My phone tweaking ! Wtf
A person who truly loves you is not someone you see everyday, but someone who looks for you everyday, no matter what
Tons of tour dates planned for 2012! Also kicking off my two-day boot camp! Not in your area? Call to host a live seminar or boot camp!
RIP Etta James, you were truly a legend.
Thanks for the kind words, Food Dude!
Thx for the shout out!
just got back tonight. A ton of fun! Pictures slowly coming in on FB...
for an ESPN Boston "why they run" feature I'm working on. Shoot me a message if you're up for it. Thanks a lot in advance!
And my personal life lately is very parochial. But I don't mind. Work global, play local.
I have so much love and knowledge and no one to listen. Love u
I think you will have to. You think of the NBA like it's 1 on 1 or at the playground, team ball matters. That's why Dallas won
I want to have a good dream tonight
Come join us for a Cinco de Mayo extravaganza May4th-6th in Old Town full of yummy food, fun activities & plenty of shopping!...
are you in Cali now?
Not a bad idea, if it works.RT : Things weren't going Hank's way tonight. His solution? Cry out, "Vaaaaal"
great running playlist, cut :10 off my mile with some Debra Harry/Moby... do you love when I take you up there?
I'm so lucky to be on this planet.(:
you're welcome! I can tell that you will be blessed because you have an attitude of gratitude! GOD IS LOVE
Try listening to Don't Shut 'Em Down by Flogging Molly and not thinking about the riots in the UK.
Impressive indeed. That is one talented guy.
I get those all the time... more like MIGRAINES ... -__-
Big win for low-income communities in CA! #Solar for All #AB1990 made it out of committee today! Congrats #CEJA!
what do u like in ur man?
Cutting off your band with authority?
sad to see you go. I hope you land where you want to
it won't send unless you follow
funny how when your dead people start listenin
Now is winning with 3.
xD lol your twitter name thou.
Merry Christmas!
Jus realized the Homey is tweetin from an iPhone. Welcome to the real word sir. Enjoy ur new toy!
Em snapped as usual
I certainly will. It's been really interesting so far.
careful that shit is poisonous, what the hell there is always room for pudding.
RT New Killola EP coming this June called, "NO CLASS" UK tour in June! Lisa working on a new movie in July! Big summer. Huge.
Done! Whats up !
Thanks. I think my fingers are bleeding.
I freaking HATE follow limit, there are so much ppl worth following lolz <3
RT : BALLGAME!!!!!! TRIBE WINS THE SERIES AGAINST THE RANGERS!!!!!!!!
Glad to see that VCU won their game last night.
progress always starts somewhere
Rucker & Williams are former draft picks of the Browns. Never panned out.
Good Morning Dallas! We'll see you at Sunday Brunch with mimosas in hand!
So fortunate to be in sessions today where there has been so much good sharing of information. Great participation.
thanks for following me!
My social life is in the negatives..
Can't have environmental sustainability without social sustainability - Cousteau
that's fine.. i just figured it'd be something different !
I literally laughed out loud when I read that. No joke haha
if you are the owner of any DC based radio station, you should give me a call. 774-277-9202. i would like to help your web presence
Need to start a blog.
We showed a video of featuring in class when talking about integrated marketing.
I hate it when restraunts seat me in the corner cause they think I am crazy
yeah I just don't think it is for me... I tried though! Amazon return shipment ahoy!
Happy to be (almost) home after great few days in LA. Exhausted but super jazzed about reception of #befearless at #COFLA !
Some of the Dance Mom stars are at the performance at Seton Hill today!
is she texting u again?!
Clippers game with Chadwick's parents missing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
It's like.... Whaaaattt??? How does that even make sense?
follow back??
Packing up wardrobe for shoot today! So excited!!
Chillin at BWW's wit my homeboy
Spent a great weekend in conversation re: communion understanding & practies with a variety of lay folks across the conference. Was a Hoot!
thanks for the love today Brian!
Happy Earth Day! Do something to preserve our planet.
Back beast! Away from the snacks!
I actually really like bridge 19's version of "somebody that I used to know"
: you as well
#YouKnowItsReal when your out with someone and you cant stop thinkin bout somebody else.
Calling your parents by their first names!
The rare joy of a rental car.
excited to have the morning show family , Kam Karmen, and over for a BBQ!
doing pretty good tonight!
my dislike of HP is completely irrational since I've never read them :-X I can't wait to start Infinite Jest!
Another week of school fml
You know the nicest ppl! Got to hang out in ATL with She's da bomb! Were your ears burning?
You're welcome... I did you a favor(:
If you're not following stop whatever you're doing and get them in your feed. They're gold, I'm telling you, pure gold
Red Sox fans are angry. RT : Bag guy was my hero tonight.
Sick Photo!!!!
I should have spent my free period studying for my midterm, but instead I played Pokemon and listened to music.
Happy Birthday!
High on chocolate right now
The Westboro Baptist Church is coming to campus this afternoon, to protest outside the Hillel center! Can't believe it. Too bad I must miss.
Headin to to get funked up with and Ram-a-lama-jam-jam!
Great headline, "John Edwards: Criminal or Jerk?"
We only have you to thank! You're awesome Kass! Keep in touch!
The cantina tonight. 14541 roadrunner way. Mulky and dina behind the bar. I hit the decks at 10 p.m. crazy ass specials all night.
It's always nice when the pain stops isn't it?
you left me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
"You can hold onto the past and get left or jump into the future and live a new life with an open mind"
So I didn't make the cut for , which is a bummer, but I totally respect their decision & honestly, it was much fun to even try.
#AGuyShould leave a 'good morning beautiful' text. It will make her day.
Packing for CA!
Patiently waiting *twidiling thumbs*
Woo... Amazing song. Amazing energy. Very marketable. Inspiring story. You got my vote!
Ima make her a card that says happy mothers day in macaroni lmao
can't wait to start (x
Listening to the podcast interview with Z'ev Rosenberg in my car...
Happy birthday Melissa.
Can't wait for my food to arrive... have never used before. Kinda excited.
Really doing it big and growing up. Moving out in a week!!
The fact that Glozell is watching Maz's twitcam >>>>>
Okay bitch believe whatever the fuck you want. You emotional fuck. Go fucking die motherfucker. Peace faggot
Young Ron Paul fans in my town seem particularly hell bent on killing my family as they put on makeup, text while driving wildly.
You are so very welcome Katherine Chapin !
: Amazing song!!
I'm so shocked!!! My food benefits went down another $20.00 and food prices are rising. I didn't get any notice either
Shout out to #AFTRA Dancers tearing up the Grammy Stage!
Programming alert: Timbers In 30 debuts Sunday at 6pm on ch12. John Spencer joins us on set, plus guitar shopping with Jake Gleeson.
Hey Tina, who are some of your favorite country music artists?
May 11,1942 Daily Express: Hitler Given Last Warning. "If Germany uses gas against Russians we will use it against Germany. - Churchill."
why did u have it for so long?? :O
love you
I need to tell u,there are many good actors,but u've always got something special 4 me.I get stuck watching you.Just great!
Nixon created Healthcare for profit with, guess who? Edgar Keiser (Permanent) Healthcare for profit should be illegal.
Omfg my uncle just gave $10 o.o <333333333333333333
yay! :D you can be my 35th tweet x)
Washoe Drive Fire update: 3,177 acres, 65% contained. Highway 395 to reopen at 10pm-midnight. RFD says blaze started by discarded ashes.
General Knife Anthony Snowcat:)
I could live off PB&J
I'm about to lose it on the rep who answers my call. Lord help her.
August 27th will be 3 hours away in Texas and I am pretty sure I'll be seeing them
where u at right now?
haha I know Tebow was chewing on one the other day too! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
oh you are wonderful!
Had an awesome night with , , and at Zoey's. Good hangin' with y'all!
Goodnight Twitter(:
People's elbow!!!
Yeah, that's the one. Good luck with it. Guess you can still get Jesus's tacos.
because you have a life up here !
Fletch Lives tonight.
When I went to community service today. This crazy weird lady was doing a " Blessing " to this kid. You just had to see it to believe it.
can u give a shoutout to hawaii ICONiacz please (: !!!
Deuces to all you guys. About to knock out. Nawhh forreal ima be on the phone chillin. Goodniight or goodmorning whatever you want ahahaha
lol I can't help it. I'm busy. My phone is like for business... that's the only time I use it
Noodles & Company's Mac N' Cheese is the best comfort food.
But you'll be at school for a full day. senior rec is at 12 & won't end till an hour & a half later.
anywhere else
#ThatAwkwardmomentwhen you tweet something that you hate when people do, then 10 seconds later you realize oh crap I do tht <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Arriving for 's class I heard someone say "I need to go get my bone." Swear I had to look 2x to c if she was a doggy.
Feelng much bettet :) Thanks Mark. How are you?
Thats why it is inportant to keep an open mind when it come to finding your soulmate.
Everyone has that one person they just continuously fuck poorly
no lol I've just got a ton of pics of him
Yep, we should be around. Can't wait!
ha! nice. you ever golf up at kohler? i was up there a few weeks before the PGA last year, amazing course!
you know what I just realized? That at 11:11 I was listening to 11:11 on the last day you're going to be 15! (':
Who knows a screenprinter, who will travel with a 4 color printer and help BELOW THE BRIM create this new way of producing tees? ANYONE!?
RT : Re: linkedin. Im on it, but its never really done much for me. Twitter seems way better!
Dude said it wasn't a warning. I called TriMet looking for my id. Messy. The 1st street Max stop is a terrible cold barren land.
tell Zigler to quit being a bitch
I miss all my Ball State friends!!!
We are looking for #Legal #Records Specialists! If you are in or near #DC contact us!
love that the heat are rocking the all black tonight...watchout knicks
lol....good one!
nothing tomorrow. lunch?
Thank you Ms. Morales
How do we teach a generation to be each other's Brother's/Sister's keeper? We can't afford to draw lines of solidarity amongst us.
Cause every minute you start switching up & you say things like you don't give a fuck then I say through with you.
#usmnt. A team playing together. With grace & humility.
Am-MAZ-ing southeastern foodie dinner last night. James Beard society hosted it, flew chefs in from everywhere. Over 30 courses from heaven.
BTW.... Christian Bale, not headlines or Newsies, sells papes.
IT'S FRIDAY, TIME 2 KRANK IT UP!!!!!
That risky topless run from your room to the laundry room <
Twitter wouldn't let us create an account through their API, so we had to do it manually. Oh well, let the tweeting begin!
hey, DM me. We nd to talk
We'd really love it if you'd rate #SOCAPeurope e-agenda at the bottom of an event page.
And God said, "Let there be sandwiches!" And Eve made them
People may lie but the eyes are the windows to the soul it will always reveal a persons true self
I'll give it a shot.. just hoping it didn't get lost and then no way to track, etc.. we'll see.. thank you :)
#HighBloodPressure Tetanus Tetanus
I actually haven't had time to read it yet - too much grad school reading to read something for fun, unfortunately.
you're more than welcome to join some time!
Well it don't take much. I'm a sucker for the little things :)
Oh I'm 100% into that. GREAT IDEA, that Adrian!
Cover the canvas at the first go, then work at it until you see nothing more to add. - Camille Pissarro
You're just trying to stirrup trouble at this point.
Who the fuck said that?
Must sleep in tomorrow, flyer downtown for TXRD event, Turfcats final homegame (ticket giveaway!), then TUF finale at Derek's. Eat sometime.
Our students had a GREAT time with their tutors today!
Want to test your language AND library skills? Try cataloging obscure Spanish novels all day. Yes, I'm taking pictures of the good ones :)
Currently listening to flash dance "maniac" wondering why I'm Listening to flash dance "maniac".
Yes. It's crazy. And there's no evidence this is a big thing that's really happening out there. Because it's dumb.
Screenwriting groups are so inspiring! Start one in your town today. Thanks for the mention LIS!
We just got Tyranena Bitter Woman IPA and Strongbow in cans...sound good? Come on down! We're open at 4pm today.
hey can i have a shoutout? or if u wanna explain to me what a 20 for 20 is il possibly do that
good thing I have Netflix I mean
Oh I know but why did they have to pick that fugly dress.
#OneThingIDontLike He Don't Text Back
everybody loves you
Can't wait! RT thanks 4 the shout-out 2 We're proud of our baby. Season 2 will be even better!
8 hours in the car was entirely too long. It was good to see family :) Looking forward to the hotel & seeing on 7/22
can I borrow the first book of Game of Thrones from you?
Seriously? "You forgot to thank your horse."
All it takes is one RT to save one dumb fucks ass. Keep it real.
I need sleep. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
O have you listened to EDX's On the Edge? Such a great album. You. Get to EDC.
I WOULD BE IF I COULD FIND THE DAMN CHANNEL
yes im so scared
1 sheep 2 sheep 3 sheep almost time to wake up
It's open! Soupregirl and it's so good! 314 Carroll Street, NW – right next to Mayorga Coffee. The soup is the BOMB!!
ohh gotcha, well I also just ate!!
I originally thought it was a musician, and the pics on the side were album covers.
be ready cos you know how I do!!! When you coming?
we tweeted a list of locations this a.m., but yes, I agree.
Man no lie, i consider myself a really good friend...I always go outta my way & do the best I can for them.
I slept on my shoulder wrong. Good going Jasmine.
Meet the winner of our Expert Gardening contest - Vancouver Sun (blog)
AP) -- Son: Gospel singer Marvin Winans to give NJ eulogy for pop star Whitney Houston
A cold has invaded my head. This close to the end of winter and it rears its ugly head.
Well well I see you've moved over to the dark side, Joel.
<U+200E>"What makes humans human is precisely that they do not know the future." via David Shields
Woo! Getting closer to summer every day! Have a great weekend, Stephen!
I don't want to hear any more about Wikileaks until they have the 11 Secret Herbs and Spices.
Who up wit me? -Taquwila
I know - - I was telling to look at vsnap video messaging too
We need patches that say that! lol RT : Hounddogs of Distinction!
benadryl is saving my skin
The best part of a membership? Taking the kids to the zoo in between appointments
no, it's not. In his defense I did really fuck up. But I did all I could to make it up, and he won't let it go.
hey how are you doing?
my cheessteak poll is currently tied. Who will be the tie breaker?
Union Reinvestment Design Committee Meeting tonight at 6:00 in In Wisconsin East to discuss the Budget
#FF to our great staff writers and
You never know! ;)
is there any more room for me in those jeans girl?
The gear no longer has the "go back to old version" option for me :-(
If my cat had a voice she would sound that Sally Fields.
Thanks! We think the metallic designs will be very popular. We are planning many chrome & gold designs coming soon!
I don't understand why some people feel their own beliefs are threatened if others have the ability to do something different
Driver in silver Jeep cv7-s800 decided to turn the wrong way on one way Lavaca and almost head on into me. Thank u for my stroke.
Thanks for the tweetin' love Cincinnati!!!
No when Abby goes to see the music producer..I don't want to spoil it haha
yep! Next saturday
Hey buddy, how's China?
Hipsters stopped voting after suffrage was extended to the masses.
Relocating to New York. Seeking Employment.
I Want That "Damn Yall Still Together" Type Of Relationship <3
“: I gotta worry about thirsty hoes like trying to get at my boyfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>” @ me...oh wait. nvrmind
do u evr get my tweets??? Just wondering
Honk. RT In It For The Honey.
you are welcome my friend and inshAllah :)
My pace writing this paper is on <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A2>mode....need to be at <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0>speed!
"Christopher mentioned cute bunnies. Well, those bunnies can cost a lot." Perforce's Furkan Khan: finding content takes avg of 30 min/day.
I look like a boy on my Twitcon lol. :/
havent watched freaky friday in forever
It doesn't matter how old you are. if a balloon is about to hit the floor you dive for that shit!
#Romney is for the Wealthy, because he get Campaign $ from them, so he can ruin the Middle Class!
Oh yeah!
Hehehe, for her sake, let's hope so. ;)
Really psyched for Prometheus. Perhaps a #gwj screening is in order?
Miss you
Hello everyone!
did u pop a fart
Felt like I was cheating a little when I had that donators veggie pizza last night but it really tasty. What a treat!
Make The Right Choice #TeamSU!! & Let's go to War for SU!!!VOTE
David T. Wolf~ Idealism is what precedes experience cynicism is what follows.
Hope her son leave don't feel like talking to him and I try not to be mean
Defining Addiction
you going to Mtsu? And you will have fun there lol especially if you love to party
Well hit the gym..feeln healthy and gr8! Cnt wait for bball to start! Im pumped!
Studying Biology using a college text. Purves 1998, Life. Had not realized how amazingly understandable this stuff is. Deep.
Great call this morning to learn how Melissa Perry on our Parent Leadership Team is finding ways for parents to talk!
#YoungFilmmakersFoundation = combo of youth-made media and community focus
She said lets have sexy sex I said okay and you laughed and I said Later. I was kidding. :)
You do realize that now this means you have to moderate again? Nice work. Thanks.
Huge battle and my controller's batteries go out on me. Well, fuck.
I'm not in that state sorry
What are some good minerals for weight loss or what do people usually lacking?
Thank you!!
own hands and creating fashion for their fellow tall sisters. I might have to break out my sewing machine..lol
: U still holdin it down big homie
That's freakin' awesome! I need one that's flame and heat resistant for my fire hoop...
REALLY well ;)
RT - Sleve slaton been cut by the texans and got sign by miami. Now with reggie bush and slaton combine the dolphins h...
Regardless of whether or not they're actually tacos, 2 for $1 is still a good deal
That sucks.
You lucky dog.
Thank you. The #Avengers have a great history. Always a pleasure discussing the books.
"even if the moon fell down tonite, thered be nothing to worry about at all because you make the whole world shine"
"The wind is blowing. We are hearing things." #SignMario segue or rant of a crazy person?
all who ordered Girl Scout cookies through me, your cookies have arrived & are in my possession. Your cookies are in danger.
Alright, the morning blogging has official ended. I have to get on my job. Pictures and video of the show will be posted soon.
I hope you guys listened to our new song featuring Nick from the swellers on you tube
Good morning brrrr
Join my FANTASY BASEBALL LEAGUE on Yahoo -Reedy9ers 177758 password baseball -live online draft 6pm ET Friday tonite! Need a few more peeps!
I got a letter from Google the other day, opened it, read it, said they were suckers / wanted me 2 verify my Places or whatever
“: when is Happy Aunties Day?” Every day is Happy Aunties Day.
At your next lunch meeting impress your VIPs with a selection of our paninis, salads & Agua Fresca. Box lunches are so 2003. 619.255.2856
Big week ahead - recovering from weekend guests, moving offices at work, job interview, undergrad conference, working 35 consecutive days..
Let's get those keys and go!
D3 extends congrats & best wishes to: J.B., J.S., L.T., J.F. and F.W.!
thanks, but I hope you mean #WISN12! Lol
Kickstarter in the literal sense? Lol Like on a motor cycle?
I didint go to church...mane fuck that shit.... Evil lives!!
k thinks he sees y but it isn't y. it is an itinerant hypnotized by his travels and stories.
So far today I've managed to put underwear on over my underwear and almost get clobbered by a car. Today is going to be a good day I think.
CHECK OUT MY NEW BIO!!(:
totally counts.
Wedding Planner - Stay in close touch with everyone in the wedding party & family with group text updates. www.zesmo.com
Let my people go!
I was called "passionate" at work today. Based on the email I sent that prompted that label, I don't know if it's good or bad.
I am looking to connect with others who might be looking for a secondary income source. Would that be you? We are grwoing at 1% per day.
yes. Why?
Flipped to "Olympic trials: volleyball". It is MENS and it is indoors. Disappointed is the understatement of the century.
Library of VA needs volunteer help on Thur & Fri to prep for a major mailing (8000+ pieces). Call if you are coming to help 692-3901!
it worked last time so... Why not try again:)
Poll question: Who's the biggest blowhard? Dylan or Ed Schultz?
very nice fish, Coach!
3553 steelyard drive cleveland it is right next to the Target store in steelyard commons.
Inane waffle.
there's nobody in the White House to review positions on the markets before they are released? speculation is part of the market.
anyone from anderson mill/183 area going to BASHH tonight? gots someone who won't come unless they have a ride. are you up for helping? :)
It's crazy how every time I'm mad @ some1 this forgiveness speech on Medea Goes to Jail comes on
If only people could hear me singing climax by usher in my car lmaooo
from this point on, it only gets rougher
I'll check that one out thanx
YOU LOVE ME RT tell me u love me
Queue Melvin's quad No!
Having a blast ice skating with. my friends .
Great time up north, stuck a turkey and did good at casino!
c/mon we should all go. You gals and Henry can take pics of us!
Why now?! You care now?! Where was this before?! I've learned that you should care the whole time because you never know when time is up.
Trip on Miller, no foul, and Baron is in serious pain.
I'm kind of loving this rain...though I'll probably change my tune when I actually have to go out and walk in it...
Even though I went for a run already, I'm still going to out hustle in b ball today
Flying to #Orlando today for #VCE training tomorrow!
justin is so pale down there... lmfao its sexy on him
Cool! Could you tell a specific story about how it helped in a research context? If so, email brandon AT arl DOT org.
Ctfu crackheadRT : <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088> Is about to be back on that
Suzy DeFrancis, head of #redcross PR tells me her defense in WaPo of methyl bromide use at Chevy Chase Club is unrelated to her day job.
Guys, I can't truly enjoy your comedy unless there's at least five thousand pop culture references in it. Keep diggin' deep, friends!
1940s weekend in your country sounds terrifying. Does everyone gather in the bunker and cry?
Hey followers!You guys should add me on my personal facebook.Search me by my email
Look at the word responsibility—“response-ability”—the ability to choose your response
seeing cute couples...
Hate this feeling UGH
Hey twitter followers!!!!!!11 What's up?!?!?!?
Just finished reading Friends Like Us by Lauren Fox. Looking forward to meeting her at the end of the month.
now playing... the Magic Summer Tour show, hosted by aka DJAK! nkairplayradio.com
Wrapping up a report with on alumni colleges - they seem like a really interesting and emergent topic in #highered right now.
The number of people who die in #lawschool-exam-problem-related plane crashes is 30000% higher than the national average.
you guys are so cool. Thanks for being great people.
This is for u >>> "That happy moment when you see your food coming in a restaurant." =P
Think today's soundtrack will be to "How I Got Over" and "The Dreamer, The Believer"...
I promise no matter who comes in your life, no one will ever love you like I do..
Correction... will be on with me next week on ! My bad...got my dates mixed up!
My 10 year old (very fit - buff karate kid) son just did his first plank - 65 seconds! Woot!
The sorting in tweepi is really good but you have to deal with pagination. It takes a bit but you can bulk delete losers!
Broke my computer screen, that's why you don't bring them with you...
Prioritize your goals for today, you can not do everything at once. Remember: Small steps, BIG STEPS
Happy new year to all!
Open space and opportunity hahaa
Start counting down
haha well after that midterm from hell I don't think that studying made a difference
Ashton Kutcher -- The Steve Jobs Makeover
Who's teams kicker kicks and recovers the ball?
Cool thing as u get older & your libido wanes, u can have a meaningful convo with a woman & not feel like u need to conquer her ladyparts..
Um, without sounding like a creeper, that you're attractive! I'm pretty sure the fag comment was just a gay guy in disguise.
To eat at my house this thanksgiving you need to either bring a dish...or a gram of some fire weeds...preferably the weeds child...
Those kinds of staging opportunities are what attracts me to site specific performance.
Whatever you decide, bring plenty of it - looks like he wants 20 mins instead of 10.
Me and Brett will go get Tyler and come see y'all! Haha
We have a new server/network ready - vpn-ws1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
just here at work hella bored -____- i want a build a bear lol
Good morning, school time :/
let's announce a do-over.
Yes! We had some there when we went back this year to #Philly for Scrapplefest! ;-) was awesome!
me and Frank go way back. We ride together, die together, we bad boys fo life
I HATE gel deodorant o_0 i dont like when my pits get wet x_x
Lady date was just what I needed today.
I think Beans loves your Gramma. :)
don't forget the hot pockets
You working that skirt? ;) - annie
Get your tix now for PB's one-act plays at 414-278-0765 and get a free Pink Banana button! Show runs May 21-June 5 at Off Broadway Theatre.
why did Bear trip? :D
Can this be true: Sitting in front of computer for 4 hrs has the same effect as smoking when it comes to heart attacks? Damn. Rise up.
why what
The best friend is likely to acquire the best wife, because a good marriage is based on the talent for friendship. Friedrich Nietzsche
amen! It's always on the days off we wake up early.
The thing about 4 days of waking up at 4 am is that I am sure it's going to happen tomorrow as well. Bad pattern.
So my computer fails me during the most important time for me.
woot woot! Can't wait to see it!
With my pops having lunch.
Follow me
yup. See u there. I got the coupon. :)
To all our European friends.. Good morning!
We hope everyone has a great Q4! "Things turn out best for people who make the best of the way things turn out." -John Wooden
Hey liam<3 follow me?:)
Jeffrey, have you encountered works that seek to obfuscate rather than communicate clearly? Would you approach them differently?
I'm about as real as Trotsky
Lol. Right on. RT : Something tells me Bayou Billionaires will not help Louisiana tourism.
those girls are to adorable!!!! i love them!!!
Someone go see with me on August 9th. That's a demand. I bet you like them, yeah?
that's a great combination. Never heard of it before. Is it bark?
Thank you. I'm thrilled to be part of a team of dedicated to making brighter #Latino futures!!
that almost sounds like... change? progress? not sure how I feel about that....
CPU has to work harder; fan speeds up to cool it
watching the Big Bang down at the Lakefront. Its going down
Rumor going around that and Nintendo are teaming up for an ad campaign premiering at E3 this year
Eat plenty of foods that boost the immune system & metabolism to maintain your weight after Liposuction.
Going to see the @ maryvale baseball park after a rest from the camelback hike with Billy, Jim, Megan & Kristin.
Tyson Chandler you are dirty as fu*k !
M! Granola bars.
Im One Of Them Skinny People That Always Call Myself Fat. Bitches Be Like.... O.o stfu
told you... God isn't with me when it comes to betting
right ugh i gotta go the bell rang i love you
fat ass
Sad news just in of a car wreck over the weekend killed 7members when falling over 50 Feet. RIP
Why can't I just be a regular American and buy a car and live in the suburbs?
I think I'll go for my 3rd ice pop :3 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I'm going with old beat up catchers mitt or dried up roast beef.
im b good though...
#IfIHadATwitterPromIdTake <3 the most handsomest boy on the face of this planet(: <33
haha its all good! GET EXCITED
It's gonna drop June 1st!
definitely or Phil Jackson
#2DAYS #GYHAB Music Video! Who's ready? <U+2764>
you mean Joan of Arc(senal)!
#first40songsonshuffle 38. Tears Don't Fall - Bullet For My Valentine :)
Thank you to our new followers We appreciate the support as we enter the social media world.
ok twitter god
We tron with no teacher.
i was at the best one ever!!!!
And ONLY those two figures after, I mean. Got one for .60 not long ago.
RT : RT : #Rays Will Rhymes has passed out on the field after being by a pitch in the arm.
ok...watching #TheKilling.....is Holder dead or alive...
When you drop your phone and your scared to look at it to see if the screen is broken...
We are so excited to be partnering with for our New Belgium Office Olympics!
wassup man I really need u to mix and master these tracks I heard some of work on youtube it sound prefect
Awww!! You look just like your mommy!!
Print deadline moved up by 15 hours? Time to switch over to the kicking-ass playlist.
Between The Sheets #80 - Dirty Little Secrets
thanks! Oh my bad, I meant like I'm a "mess" and mine as well get more. Lol
Looks like the 5d Mark I rumors are swirling...wonder if they'll up the ante on the fps this time around?
I Finished Writin..
I hope your version of Macbeth will be filmed at some point?
Cheers Ken! I hope your week is going well so far. Mine just got better thanks to a beautiful Méo Camuzet Bourgogne Blanc!
I would be ok with that but would probably prefer margarita or vodka cranberry. : )
- That's a great video with Chris Westfall. Thx for sharing!
The press has now coined Tebow as "God's Quarterback". I hope he's not the only one.
Once again, my pendulum said that President Obama will be re-elected in November 2012. What does your pendulum say about that?
LA fans: If you missed our set last night at CIA then come to see at Amplify in Hollywood tonight at 7:30 with
these last few years have been tough. I lost my senses after social media.......
Thanks goodness for signed hard copies!!!!
Today's Specail: Kimchi Dog w/ Wasabi Mayo! : your turn.
- enjoyed our Skype call! You're an awesome guy & friend. Terry's THE best speaker u could ever hire to talk about the brain!
thanks dear!
Daily GTKY question: Kindle or Nook?
I am painting a ceiling now.
Good luck!!! Love you!!!
I am a Cuddle Ninja - Snow Patrol
Love the uniqueness of Eloise's voice! Janis + jazz + blues + something else!
o u watching it on espn I didn't think u eva herd of espn lol
you can take up al my precious time, because right now
Radio bumping
I think they're still repairing the reflecting pool in front of the Lincoln Memorial?
*hugs u* haha
You will will never know just how beautiful you are, to me.
Happy Friday! Office Tacos?
It's about the extent of my design skills... Perhaps I should fly to SF for your class...
The one thing that really broke my heart was that all of my pictures from when I went to see the Maine in Dec. are all gone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Just know, the locker room knows...You voted for Pekka!! #nhl13 cover
With finals coming up reduce your stress w/ "Moving Meditation" | 11AM | All levels welcome! |
Your awesome! I just had to let you know that. :)
Rockin the low cutt socks and the vans today
2 years ago, I was in the House chamber watching HCR pass. This week, it kept me from paying for an ER visit out of pocket.
Please follow me, i see you right now in the TV.
HA I had a friend that used to troll hotel lobbies that hosted doctor conventions
It sure is!
Locals Night A Buckalew's Tavern Tonight Featuring Local Bands and Beer Specials!
I'm not really a Gaga person but that would be something to see. This...isn't.
Calvin Harris tonight ! Hmu for guest list ladies
box of last minute Shit
Oh I have and they are great. Take them to Europe. But not in my budget for regular trips. Plus SW gives me drink coupons :)
When you hungry an tired of junk food dats wen it hits you, time for a gf lol
follow us darlink!
. woooohoo! #Canucks Win! Schneider was on fire! That's the team I remember!
Hey Lakers! You can get the finga.....THE MIDDLE!!!!!!
Thank God for the 5 cent wine sale!
Didn't realize there was an overlap between goths and folk music. That's an unexpected Venn diagram.
Any nice girl confessions from our fans? She's coming up next on The Country Network!
ahaa :) havent talked to you in a LONG time :/ ehhh oh well lol x) ahaha but yeaah so howw you been?
We have a peach travertine that is stunning. Especially outside.
xD oh ok. it's because the other say i kept texting you, PARK? PARK? PARK? BITCH PARK OR WHAT?
hi I'm a big fan I <3 u so much and on shake it up you are amazing :) have a good day Bella <3
Hm...wrong account for that :/ RT : I need an immanent death threat to get me outta bed.
All Time Low - I Feel Like Dancin'
i'm a big fan with one question, will you follow me?
we broke 100, amazing
Your magazine is fantastic! Love the photos of all the destinations! Have you any articles on Indianapolis I might share?
like the way the Bergeron line looks right now. put them all out on the power play and see if they can get something going.
thanks for the shout out!!
Haha do you want me to spam your wall with mayday parade?
please holler if I can help you in any way.
where's show me D:
she smack she look like a duck when he sleeping!! why is she even in my room!
Just heard say "student debt is a symptom of a broken social contract". Should be a great show today
The Pablo workout, Better than P90X! : Awsome show Pablo !!! My ribs still hurt from laughing so hard....
Feasibility study on open access publications repository indicated that NSF needs to guide requirements. Final report Feb 2012.
hahaha no way did he just kick me outta class.
Thanks! Kuya, I have to go now. Really sleepy. Enjoy your evening. :)
I dunno, they get paid pretty well. Unions and all that guaranteeing a nice wage and stuff..
I couldn't agree more :)
Now I do appreciate the tutorial and will try to learn however slowly. www.afrigeneas.com/forumc
If we're being serious about it, there are two time periods: before and after Bryan Adams.
New post: ChargerCity GPS Garmin Nuvi Windshield ball & socket suction cup mount & Bracket unit holster bundle for Garmin
guys that wear some subtle makeup are hot! Lol.
Shout out to ! Thank you for the follow. BTW, that was a great idea to put that pole in your living room :)
Got that swagg that makes girls go weak in the knees.
Hey bro!
Thank you! Are you up to anything fun this weekend?
La la la la la
Have you tried the new Flip Side at yet?
Just got my mail. Fed tax refund,#Brewers tickets and Electric Bill..... 2 out of 3 ain't bad
I'm glad you trust my opinion on these kids, because watching them in the combine is the first time I've seen any of them
Was out a few days this week taking care of the move to TX. Next week, I'll share some thoughts about events along the way.
#DancerProblems Having costumes all over your room.
. uses the technology (clickers) to "create reasons to talk," encouraging discussion and interaction.
Jae Sic be da illest / Since Mike & Scottie hottest duo y'all seen/ killin' these other kids like a #HungerGames scene
thanks for the follow :-)
Related services may include speech and language therapy, occupational therapy, adapted physical education, and clinical services.
Thanks for getting me sick. #feellikeshit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
you know I just set everything up.
Up and ready
"Bad Strategy abounds." <U+2015> Richard Rumelt
nice to meet you! watch on comcast OD > Your Colorado > VidBlogger Nation > Tada!
only grand forks' olive garden is worth that kind of wait
MONA YOU LITTLE ASGDJDMSN
Be it a sign, a co-incidence, #serendipity, #synchronicity…I can't explain. But it took me here. On the path to myself.
Vinny Curry & Tommy Streeter i like here both picks
I'm in a VERY good mood today!
Haha okay! RT : Starting the day with 's jumpoff mix will make you wanna party at 10am hahaha.
thank you! We are all okay. The tornados missed our house but we have wheat from a field in our yard
ridic, loves it !
How many KY fans are going to wake up confused tomorrow because their couch is missing?
Instruction manuals are for chumps. And people that can read
We want you to wear our shirt Feb 26, 2010 www.SNOCLOTHING.com
#Actors - Emily Schweber casting LUPE 22 Female Ethnic Golden-Toned Beauty for "Blaze You Out." More castings like this daily in the app!
This lady on Dr.Phil has multiple personalities and can call on them when she wants.
It worries me that you know ALL the correct stripper terminology ;)
MR confesses to BS that all he wants is Comeback Player of Year award, so he's been terrible and K'ing, to improve and get the award.
Thank you to & for coming out to the shoot and supporting <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Drunk girl in club caught peeing with her pants down. Not in the ladies room. Has no idea where she lives. No coat. No ID. Party
ooooohhhh, We'll whip one up for you! :)
Up extra late and not tired at all......whoa!!! dont do stuff like this...
Its just not the common opinion
Putting on a smile everyday but your crying on the inside.
hey! thank you for the follow. make sure to "like" us on facebook too!! we love you
I agree 100% with that and everything you said about her afterward! “: That was Aubrey's firing to be had! #CelebrityApprentice”
thanks I try!
Time to go
No LeBrick slander for me tonight. I'm switchin' to this baseball game.
2 months till the
We've got your HH plans, join @ Bar Louie from 4-6p (at the corner of 6th and Colorado) for a FREE martini and small plate!
I don't always drive like an asshole, but when I do, I'm listening to 's essential mix.
Hey sweetie! Hope you are great!
I am a little overwhelmed. My dress is nice and I have my tiara but beyond that, I haven't done much. :/
Turbowolf... The band that pretty much describes my recovery in music!
Is liking the lyrics of Bruno Mars song
The fact that no one cares that Bieber admitted to underaged drinking and yet jumped down Miley's throat makes me mad.
My dad is so gooffy!!!
That looks dangerous
the old ecw is still out there on YouTube. I used to love that shit
JobHunters: Keep Networking & Connecting. I know it's challenging. Keep Active, Positive & Focused. U Can Do It! Many Believe in U, incl Me!
Thanks, thats what we're going for - smart+entertaining, low jargon quotient
are you marking out lol. Your upset and rowd up but when your boy goes down you going be like damn (mud on face) lmao
trying to finish the last part of my final. Class is brutal.
Go colts!
you can also try Spark by Marketo which starts at $750/ mo. Let me know if I can help out.
One man drowns after his boat went over the falls.
Thank U sir. RT : Gorgeous !
your web site. ugh.
Top Teams! Top Talent! Top facilities! Top Competition! That's what you can expect from our World Youth Summit coming up on June 22-24!!!
ooohhh poo poo on u!!!!!!! check oput my fb page and tell me if u like the style im thinkin of goin with soon (afro twist)
On tap for VST Instrument development today: Finalizing the signal path for sound imports.
jailbreak, get blacklist. Only way. iPhone and AT&T won't let you do it any other way. Blacklist can also block texts & mms
Had a satisfying winter break, but I've gotta say, I'm ready to get back to it :)
The knowing of the heart is far superior than the knowledge of the head... FMHY <3
and when I get married you can call me Mrs. London Bridgez
#first40songsonshuffle 32. Make A Wave - Demi Lovato and Joe Jonas (Music Video)
Fireworks are a great way to celebrate fathers day get yours & support YOURS. come by the sams club on rt 40 in catonsville and help YOURS
Here's to the Mahomies who just wanna give up because they know Austin won't notice them.. You're not alone.
Most racist fear being unable to fit after I'm done with their girls.
Gotcha...I guess I'll abide by the haters no follow rule then, haha.
#Unblurred this Friday at 5440 Penn Ave: chef Kate Romane & E2 will kick off their & offer free mediterranean food!
Thanks for retweeting!!
damn dude good luck
"Bands Of The Week" updated this week= & AMiletoofar
ahah! So *you're* the UI designer for Craigslist!
I HATE the Knicks. I hate them. I hate them. I hate them.
Must be tweet watching... As usual
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that you should never really trust anybody, and it showed who my real friends are.
I love kids and care about their safety, but I freaking cant stand school zones.
Haha! Tell her if she doesnt sign in the world will end! Lmfao!
I'm a little unclear what it is you are referring to...? I don't recall "slamming" anything.
The reason why the Mexican sombrero hat is so wide is to provide shade for the entire body
Kevin Lerner is addressing the #journalists now. Follow him
MNF (Go Saints) and Capitals Hockey. Ovie injured :( but Caps win :) I <3 Mondays. And to Kelly: Hurray! Love you cutie. All better now!! :)
Kentucky Derby > Cinco De Mayo > Orlando Magic Playoff Game
Political consultant: "It's not my job to tell you the truth, its my job to win." Mildly disappointing but refreshingly honest
“: its a party its a party its partay” at Greenhill??? No way...
2009 Fidelitas Ciel Red is big and brawny ripe and robust blue and black fruits and big grippy tannins w sweet and spicy oak
I see how it is
Tunnel snakes? They rule.
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well; and doing well whatever you can do.
Praying for people in Dallas...I don't want to ever know what that feels like.
I finally took the leap from Blackberry to Droid X2 lots to learn yet but so far excited about the change..RIP Blackberry
i responded to the email
watching movies with my birthday boy! I love you Hope I can make the day great for you.
chilling to some Kenny G
I wish I could make my own dubstep
HOOD ROAD WHAT A NAME FOR A STREET
Ditto that - howdy, Jason!!! RT : Is it even possible??? on Twitter?
Hey guys, help us get more followers by tweeting "follow "! We love you <3
Had fun at my bf's house :]
Sorry, I don't use this account that often. I'm usually on my main account(:
April is #WorldAutismAwarenessMonth Thanks for all you do for this cause
I heard cal put Maths body bag in a body bag! Then went down to the coroners office and body bagged him again.
heyy!!! The only movies Ive seen in the theater lately are with Roxey. Beauty and the Beast in 3D was excellent :) miss u EJ
Frustrated... And kinda mad
..I'm blessed bro. Lauren is doing great too. How's the fam? i see you been on your grind !
I got check out of school today...because I really don't feel like myself at all...hope I feel better :(
Chill people, it's not that serious-_-
I like green tea, red wine and dark chocolate. I'm set for a long & healthy life :)))
nanana #bostonredsox al day, we got real pride not band wagon jumpers!! Haha, healthy rivalry
who's winning?
Dumbfounded by George Zimmerman's freedom at this point. We've been discussing the painfully obvious for too long.
Imagine a technique to track execution metrics at a team level? I am wondering if anyone has a case study or personal history they are wil…
Omg omg omg omg
Tonight was fun! Great job!
Another cold one in CLeveland, wish I was back in San Diego!!!
nah, heat fans take the cake
Facebook buys Instagram, wow!
Thank you for representing truth. I always enjoy and look forward to your show! You and Rachel Maddow keep me engaged and motivated!
my bad, i just wanted to know if you wanted to hoop lmao...
Brushing my teeth and washing my face with bottled water. How Beacon Hill-ish.
It's an honor to follow you! God Bless!
watching Half & Half on tvone you are really great!!
Awesome! How often are these networking events?
Bbq teriyaki ribs, scalloped potatoes and great company! My night is officially turning in the right direction. :)
is there a cover for your stand up thurs?
right!!! Lol. Omg. That was such a scam. I haven't been this broke for a long time. Next month will be my savior.
I was watching Warped Wednesday on Fuse today, && i saw that he got his hair cut; its way to short! D:<
It would be nice if any of the places I applied at would call me!
I woke up sweaty from killing so many zombies in my dream
I really want to win the FreshDirect and Benefit House Parties!
Wow!.. #CelebApprentice is off to fast start.
I'm serious. Own it. I 'met' you when you were completing your dissertation and was immediately impressed w your discipline.
Ready for day 7 of 12 days of Michael & Marisa? To win u have to comment the right answer on the Facebook post. We'll tweet the link soon!
you don't understand! my rage level is 92920292739 times infinity.
Thank you for that. There are a lot of things in that area that are very interesting
But it's mostly reviews, right? I'm really looking for reference material on regions and grapes. Is it like Gambero Rosso?
You are so right.
So happy Sokol Blosser has Evolution on the table at Oregon Business Assoc Statesman dinner. Dundee like me!
How are going with those Dell Huddle B2B podcasts? Any chance I might be able to help with some of the editing?
is interpreting my dream from last night. Be jealous, !
Collizion crew went home:((((( aw.
Shake and bake. ;)
Howard's mother ends up in the hospital, why? Tune in to The Big Bang Theory at 6:30 to find out!
Forgot my
heck yea. Return of the mack?
that would be the beautiful craftsmanship of Jon :P
Anyone know where I can get an avenged sevenfold poster?(: I really like that band..(: <U+2665> #2ndfavoriteband :D
I really have to stop getting excited everytime my phone goes off because it's never you.
Happy National Cocoa Day! So grab a mug, lift it high and here's to cocoa!
San Diego Reader | Review: Chronicle
I think the camera man was somehow always standing on a hill. Maybe one leg is shorter than the other?
Were in kinder garden :D YAY!
Justin's fan mail address: Justin Bieber, Island Records. 825 Eighth Avenue, 28th Floor. New York, NY 10019. RT and spread. :)”
she fell of the bed in the middle of sex. i yelled "5 second rule" and just kept going
I'm working at the mickey d's but it isn't too bad I guess!!!! I can't wait to hang out again!
OMB!!! i'm so obsesed of #boyfriend video it`s so amazing & SEXY!
it is too cold for this crap! running wild for wildlife with Myers
For now bro.. You know Verizon is just responding to the mass negative reaction, eventually we'll all be tiered.. Sucks $$
yum RT : just made a batch of iced coffee using recipe and the brewer. iced coffee season has come early
I'm here to see the film "Chasing Ice" #sundancefest - theatre is packed full of course - film has had substantial buzz - distribution deal?
lol:) why do u think ur mean?
word of the day: buck as in you can get buck in the club.
life is so sweet
Such a great time with week working with Crete-Monee and Roswell High Schools! Trainers were sad to head home...hope we can come back soon!
can't wait for next weeks ustream<3
began filming the Lost and Gone Forever narrative video... insights into the concept albums story and its making... Release: End of August
Ways to make me fall for you: Let me wear your jacket for the day, hold my hand in public, and tell me sweet little things.
at home with friends sis how come u haven't been on in ages :( -Thomas
hi! Can a 5% Savings Reward coupon be used to buy 5-cent sale wine?
finna get my day started
wow that's garbage
Missing my little .... It's been awhile since we hung out... Always good times!!
Silence and obscurity
Any rec's on how 2 get Dennis Davis' snare sound? In particular David Bowie Stage album era? It's insane...
(jen) morning sync with the lilipip team!
Oprah Winfrey~ I trust that everything happens for a reason even when we're not wise enough to see it.
yeah I can't complain. So are you tired of me yet?
Clearly ghost written by Stinky Roadside. ;-)
I respect it! Very gutsy move.
who else fought? I heard there was like 5 fights
Then is definitely time to get it fixed!
love you too<333
good morning everyone
Twitter Is So Much Better Than Facebook . <U+263A>
Dave just replenished his paperbacks -- 75 cents ea or 3/$2 -- perfect weather for it!
Eating soul food at Pappa Lew's on 12th St. (must have proper nutrition with big game approaching).
Happy Guy Fawkes Day! Celebrate gunpowder, treason, & plot by visiting us Today's your last chance to visit our pop-up 11-7!
HOM Furniture Dramatically Expands Flooring Selections and Services in the Twin Cities
Mass Effect 3 looking like a gears of war in outer space
don't get cussed out.
Goodnight tweeters , have some personal issues to address with my little sis Cayley. (: shes so amazing in everyway . i love her <3
#nw sponge bob
Do you ever look up your family/relatives on FB and read what their status updates have been over the past few days/weeks/months? Hilarious!
if you can't accept yourself for who you are why would I
LCSH inappropriate for computer environment- too textural, too reliant on/developed for humans. Poss. prob. for collaboration in #lis?
Bakersfield , California! We are performing at Jerrys Pizza tonight! Come party with us and the NYTF Tour!
Seriously though, why is UM so annoying sometimes.
Ford rescue concept truck pressed into service to help tornado ...
I wish I had a dad.
Tryna get like you
wow, that's Golden!
great story and good choice for your son! I hope you have more moments of clarity. I fight 4 patient safety including your son!
Prefinished Brazilian Teak has warm tan hues with soft tight understating grain, for a subtle rich look for home or business use.5" instock
I just read an article titled, "Fans suffered most in NFL's long, greedy battled." All games will be played!
It was delicious (as always). I'm a simple guy, so just #PepAndCheese with extra sauce. m....
Always think it's funny when people "subtly" look down at my feet to confirm whether I'm really this tall or just wearing high heels.
nope not at all :P
Nats RT : Which team has been the biggest surprise of the season so far?
feels too much like home?
I WATCH IT EVERYTIME BEFORE GOING TO WORK CLASSIC LMAO
Heading to see the hunger games with
"There is not enough darkness in all the world to put out the LIGHT of even one small candle"
i hope everybody had a good new year ;)
Thanks for listening <U+3053><U+3046><U+3061><U+3083><U+3093>!
Hello November! This month our European Sites of Conscience Network will meet in #Brussels to discuss #immigration #xenophobia &
I think there's a yellow button you can click for that....
Boo! Maybe you should look for a partner who can provide free eye screenings at your library.
About to listen to at the !
Biting fingernails over purchasing a new car but alas, the time has come. I'm sure I'll be happy to have it soon.
im not gonna fudging forgive you. you effed up ., thats your problem not mine. kayy.
my mom be tripin
My dad told me I can't go to London until I go to every one of the 50 states. This is going to take forever.
Jacob: Is that Six Flags right there behind those trees Me: Thats a bridge Jacob: oh O.o
Check us out on groupon today, 50% off my oil change service, buy now and save. We come to you for a change
Nothing screams "HELP ME!!" Like the girl in the back of my trunk...
I am, too. I need to figure out the logistics of meeting all of my twitter friends. :-)
I just want to see More Than This already!
alright..yu kno I'm broke right?
ok, might finally try the broccoli grilled cheese today!
Getting much better at the letting it bend before it breaks thing...
so cute.
#808Pride RT date guys like nick acts like vinny abs like mikey cutie like louis bootie poper like jason tall like madison& liver like T$
cant wait for Saturday!!!!!!!
Gather tweets as comments, indicated as such? Isn't much but is easy and something. That ratio is blog-typical though, not bad.
You run from Noah but you hit a retarded kid.
The muscle under my right eye keeps twitching. Is there something wrong with me?
get at me
I'm just saying, my last name is NOT supposed to be "Mahone" on my profile....it's not spelt wrong haha. my last name is really Mahon!(:
#mondays SUCK ASS!
RIP titters <U+E40F><U+E04E><U+E412> i could so see ur mom right now if she found out u did xWx
if you go during the fall you'll not want to come back, it's beautiful in upstate! And it's right on a lake. Definitely visit!
I like a MAN with a future and a past
Hey Where have you been?
please notice me!!! please 7
Our competition took the day off, we took 3 of their customers. The early bird might get the worm, we get it back when he rest. Bring it on!
Sick of being a doormat! Why do I let this continue!
Jason Kidd will not play tonight for the #Mavericks against the #Blazers. Apparently a scheduled night off.
Man I thought i found the love of my life! Well i guess its back to da drawing board. Can i get a nigga dats drug free and has no limits.
Haha, thanks so much glad you liked it!!
I love my job , I really do ..
Is it a good thing or a bad thing for students to use social media to learn more about their instructor?
hey man ! One of our best yet. Fun night
n problem - good luck!
Just left the HQ after having some great conversations on the role of business in catalyzing social change
So I Just Realized Drinking Is Not My Thing(Last Night CRAZY)In That Case Someone Pass Me A Blunt!!!
Olly Murrs with One Direction in America this summer? COULD NOT GET ANY BETTER<3
what does your organization do?
Give Globalnet a call to see what options are available for you.. 0844 880 2010
A garden party in your glass: Let spring bloom inspire your wine cocktails this season
Congrats Adele!! Yes!! You are a favorite!! XO
i r jealous lol Love it
We play that in our office nearly every day. Probably the best station there is.
Your visit is perfect timing! You can help me move this weekend!
BizVertizing is now on Twitter!
Today is just a depressing day. I wanna get away from palatine, far away.
: Don't leave your friend outside in the cold! Bring them into camp for a day of play!
Starks has not had a good game at all. Grant should get most of the touches.
dnt listen to these stupid ass ignorant ppl obviously ur an obsession to them! Reminds me of a barking ass chihuahua.. #STFU LOL!
RT : Tip to all my natural hair wearing friends -keep a clear shower cap in your car and purse for rainy days better than an umbrella
must have missed it!
Love you back!!
In the LOCEA meeting where legislators will be speaking about the public education audit, reports from the superintendent, among others
Writing sesh with
nah nah nah lol
My co worker and i go to school together but the only time we hang out is when we're home. Smh
NO DONT BE SCARED TRUST ME HAPPEND TO ME ALOT GO ASK HER OUT BEFOR SOME ONE ELSE DOES lol whats her name do i know her O_O
Do it!!! RT : This lock out is killing me I feel like being a dog for a day And pooping on rich people stoops
Truth:)MT “ just watched u vs Lineker.Grt fight but tweet n find the secret of keepin hair tied lol”
Is Mel Gibson causing trouble again?
Its funny how a little money (key word little) can change a persons whole attitide....
Day 41 of 100: I am thankful for this killer combo - discipline & making fun of myself.
You won't get with her unless your willing to lose one of your bestfriends. Its a win win, she's wasting you time and you still have me (;
It's funny how u lose followers, when u don't tweet for a few days. I did not know ppl. Followed & unfollowed so much. Thank u 4 the follows
its snowing in fucking april god must be coming back soon
. says that they have to create a subsidiary system that would license school names and take it out of academia.
heyy austin i love you so much please follow me <3 :] 1
Majority of our grads are entering environments of 10 attorneys or less. Punctuates the value of having mentoring relationships.
reading the entire birthday card while they wait to see a reaction on ur face
Large woman jimmied her way into seat next to me on 1. First I thought I'd get mad but then I figured I'd enjoy the temporary arm cushion.
Getting lunch is NYC is harder than I imagined. I'm number 30 in line
I'm guessing doesn't have a partner for BP? Lol
NO DAMMIT I was late but he said he had an hour to wrap it up so hopefully I will find a replay!!!
Awhh you blocked me like I care? You be nasty anyways(:
Where's Jason Sutherland when you need him? #mizzou// Great reference sir. #Waterton,SouthDakota
LOL Agreed!! And should probably know the definition of 'vixen'...
Waiting for this new Kanye is taking me back to the good ol days when Good Fridays would show up late Saturday/early Sunday.
Looks like we are in for another 1-0 or 2-1 type games. Both starters look in control so far.
Atlanta, GA- Need females for photoshoot. No nudity. Pay is 250 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
I like a boy..
measurements not just about numbers. Numbers tell a story
Eating at prince's fried chicken in Nashville....featured on
Turns out there's a lot of cursing in the gay bar. We might have to leave. But there's nowhere else to watch the game. Austin.
We seriously love our design team. #Smithsonian talks = sexy. So talented: & head desigNERD
we NEED to all go together SOON!! I'm only going because Jayce is taking me
TGI can help you maximize the use of ink and pixels w/ #mktg portals, and #tradeshow tools that improve program outcomes and nurture leads.
ny state senator Diaz, you have 2 minutes.
If boys had uteruses, they'd be called duderuses
I just consumed 1100 calories in 4.5 minutes.
Buffy the Vampire Slayer was my jam back in
Heard you put up flyers at Capitol Hill to recruit students for our next training. #Awesome Thx for the help!
Congratulations to our amazing seniors Alex, Brad, Jack, Katherine and Matt. Superfood won't be the same without you! /yd
you made it home
School in a couple of minutes.. Cant wait for Virginia:)
Andrew now helping at our new business as chief lime juicer/garlic chopper! Sure to increase his independence! Check us out
You see me , I got bitches.
Working from Brewed Café this afternoon... lovely day on Brady Street!
Red Convertible GT 2012 Mustang . ^.^
I'll see you in a bit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> mwuahaha
Confidence is KEY whn messin wit ME. Cause I will test 2 ur confidence level nd MOST "FAIL" themselves
Wtf is wrong with my throat.
If you need to drive on roads or attended public schools or get mail, you are dependent on government.
HELL YES! I called them immediately & had a full out argument with them! It's bullsh*t.
the house just opened - it's showtime!
* i must of been outta my mind
RT : The Rockefeller Foundation Launches $100 Million Initiative to Support the Strengthening of Health Systems in Africa and Asia
What's 1d ?
Egg product maybe?
coffee people can mix it with non fathom and freeze... Great alternative to a frappe!
Side note: if you move to San Francisco and say you came back tan, you didn't move to San Francisco
I have been getting sign ups but I don't see them in my downline.
#imagine opening your locker seeing a note that says " I sure think your beautiful."
#ImThatPersonWho Gets annoyed REALLY Easily. >.<
Yay for waking up sick. Weak. :|
Thank YOU for the follow. We need all of the supporters we can, to help end homelessness in America once and for all.
NUCLEAR MEDICINE TECHNOLOGY
Fire alarm's been going off in #MIA AA D Concourse for a good 15 minutes now. Is it impacting flights at this point?
You know someone who knows me?
follow me bak !
at the moment, I use flip to introduce novel...introduce terms that will come up in discussion...ie protagonist, etc
Love having in the office!
Well, I'll be headed to for Relentless Weekend to ride on Thursday and Saturday if you want to go!
It's all about that
thanks for retweeting me!
No im not deleting my Twitter because I'm not following someone you think I should be following.. TF 0_o
Hi Mageela! I'm one of your classmates in 's class. See you in #MyWANA!
hey im Heaven im 12yrs old nd i wanted to no how do u edit those pics on fb i no its a fake but there cool can u tell me wer u edit them :)
Did my #NOH8 shoot today, and I'm pretty sure I look like a douche
do it
Good one. Asians... Nice! ;-) lol RT : #describeyourpeniswithamovietitle Big trouble in little china
Love the #stache on that
I hope Clay or Arsenio....right LL ?!
Whoa. announced coming to party at #PXYSJ. You ready?
Today is an excellent lounging day
it's step 1 that's the tricky one. :-)
Hi Thanks for the follow! Look forward to reading your tweets!
#LSUWKU for the record Boise lost by 1 point. At least that part of the equation is over!
via - Today A Shoulders And Triceps Day, Area Man Reveals 14 Seconds Into Conversation
#FF to this week's attitude and getting-shit-done rockstar:
I'm sorry you're sick Robin. I hope you feel better soon!
I hate it when them gods get to actin like them brauds, I guess every team doesn't come complete wit niggas like ours..
AW I'M ALL TEARY EYED....LOVE U TOO LIL SISSYYYY MUAHHHHH
It's okay. I think klout has me listed as influential about a sports team. I don't know what that's about. Ambien maybe?
Lara Fabian You And I: via
One of the stitches in my mouth is poking the hell outta me :c & it hurts!
I probably am :)
Steelers!!! I love woodley. :-)
Thank you Erick, for your great story and support!
of course. I quoted 2 students rejecting idea that Mormonism is a cult. But both said it was still widely taught...
Hope everyone got what they wanted i know i didnt
"Advertising in the final analysis should be news. If it is not news it is worthless."
Who ruined Punk'd?
By spending years living entirely for yourself, you end up inadvertently extending that introverted existence deep into middle age.
Shut the F up and let me .. Just love you !
So ready to graduate.
Tale of 2 Tests; The Old Man & the Test Score; Of Mice & Merit Pay; Their Eyes Were Watching Bubble Sheets
AH! MY BIG FAT GYPSY WEDDING IS ON AT 9! WOOP WOOP
Winter blowout sale! Save up to 55% code: EUREKA at checkout cafepress.com/cajoneswear
Make sure to wish Happy Birthday tomorrow and catch her live webcast 8:00PM EST www.livestream.com/celestekellogg
lucy me and taz were watching Jurassic Park 1 and you well look like the girl in it.
yes he did!
Milton Bradley designated for assignment? Shocked! Shocked, I say!! I guess team number 8 was not the magic number...
Half Price tickets to see Toshiko Akiyoshi! Thursday, April 5th, both 8 & 10 PM shows.Get tickets online, use code “FBTW”
or cream cheese!
Your pic is a true masterpiece sexy mami!
Ok so I guess this iPad really is messed up..I can't get it to turn on..tried everything. Any tips??
It can't be easy to make digital distro both more expensive and less convenient than physical.
Turn heel, for the love of God.
May issue now out on iTunes store: bonus photo galleries, 360 views.
i need dick on the regular fuck a one night stand!!! GO FUCK YOURSELF!
I feel you
I go 4 days on weekdays, and on the weekends it's pretty much all I do. I get Friday off, to do what I want. Hbu?
RT Peter Parker was lucky that radioactive spider bit his hand not his ass or he'd have shot out web every time he farted.
hi susan, would you consider writing about the ocean and scuba diving? I have an idea for you.
Happy Holidays from The Picnic (Dave), (Alex), (Jesse), (Adam) & Tyler (No Twitter)
Commence the next edition of #MarathonWriting in the office!
T-Mobile pissin me off...!! Why am i getting my texts late?
Hoping the hawks and m's come through for auction donations! That would be sea town spirit to the max!!
Sox - Orioles. They won, and put up 8 I think in the 1st. Plus there was a big fight with Papi! Haha
After consulting with the #OED, I have decided to call the people in my workplace "co-workers" as opposed to "colleagues". Just sayin'...
glee singing one direction tonight...lets see how they wreck it up -___-
Your our neighborhood fav. Your staff is always so nice to us. Makes it easier to take 2 kids out!
it was especially talking to u it is my honor your hubby is an awesome football player LOVE MY PACK! U have a beautiful fam<3
Great deal to go to the movies. Can use for raffle prizes, gifts or treat yourself.
Agreed! RT : A1 We believe quality ingredients are the start to a healthy meal.
It's my favorite too! We are obviously from the same blood. I love the song by Hunter that she repeats throughout haha.
Killing it! RT Canopies live on
Uggghh....honey, get you a nap on the plane! You gone need a siesta.
Sometimes God lets you hit rock bottom so that you will discover that He is the Rock at the bottom. -Dr. Tony Evans
Follow me please, you are amazing, I love you
Humble Me Clothing is now on Twitter! Are you Humble?
lol. No you don't.
haha, it will all make sense once you come visit us this summer.
70-80% #BI projects failed in recent survey #premier100conf [wow. Throws cold water on the buzz on it]
You are going to love Hawaii. Which island are you visiting?
OMG why did that man jump up & down?.
OK, if you pull the pin out of a grenade, can you put it back in and let go? I'm going to need a quick answer on this.
Come on Marquette let's win this thing!
I WOULD GIVE ANYTHING JUST BE FOLLOWED BY AMAZING YOU IT WOULD MAKE MY WORLD. SO WILL U FOLLOW ME IT BE A WISH COME TURE <33:)
Just got my first book out of the library. Also-- I feel so late to the party.
Mention during the convention! We'll be RTing and live tweeting at the convention and throughout Boston!
"How many of you work for companies who are looking to hire rails developers?" Hundreds of hands go up in the crowd at
great drop-in but not much of a ride
Hitsquad seniors try to find as many tight pictures for tomorrow put them in a flash drive or e mail them to me
VNSO CLOSED the pump is broken. They are unsure when they will reopen. We will have an update on Tuesday. Sorry about the short notice.
where did you go?
she moved because we will have a sub monday and start new lesson thursday :)
thanks for the support!
YES!!!! Do it and don't look back.
it's all i can do to resist bellowing "wine-dark sea!" and some Whitman right in the middle of class -
are in kidding? You need to contact me directly. I'll just let social media take care of
New Video: Steve Jobs may have lectured on "HOW" to live your life, this man (Bill Gates) has enabled millions to have a chance t
He is just an above average QB hailing from the ATX
Thanks ! So honored to be a part of your community!
I think it may be about time for some beer and Galaga...
CNN email: FBI director confirms bureau has opened preliminary investigation into JPMorgan Chase's massive trading loss.
Feel like the super bowl threw u off ur healthy eating wagon yesterday? Remember: it's a new day & ur only human. Time to get back on track!
fun! Hope your school year goes well. I don't go back for 2 more weeks
BBC: Data suggests that this type of earthquake has not triggered the type of tsunami seen 8 years ago........( I would still be careful)
Bear's Place specials tonight: $5 pitchers of Miller Light, Coors Light and Skip & Go Naked. Also, try and Ice Cream Drink for only $4
I've unofficially decided to call it a wrap here. Next!
South Cali Represent. Forever Me. Adios to my true friend one day I'll be out of this bullshit but until then Adios I say.
Hi Suzy..glad to see u join twitter! great nite at PinkSlip mixer in Danville. Give a shout out to
RT : #FF 2R AMAZING coaches and more to come!!!
Don't understand why some people play on there DS at school.
locations and dates
Thanks 4 the follow Francisco Looking forward to your tweets, comments & insights. Hoping to visit soon - Cheers!
That's live theatre, folks. The potential for failure is part of the thrill.
Hoffa speaks truth... Romney and his goons in the GOP care nothing about this country ... that being the 99 percent!
Hope to see you there, ! Thanks for the shout out, ! ;-)
Searching Craigslist for apts on April 1st--yea or nay? I'm seeing some REALLY good deals, and yet no one is answering their phones...
Let the work begin...
Can I reach 3,700 followers for today please, Monsters? :) (RT).
I love the Money Wheel!
#raw10 saw an OG wearin n 2piece grn knit suit wit a FUBU shirt wit sum karate shoes. must be Bruce Lee-roy!
Scratch that. Its tomorrow. Whoops lol
I haven't quite looked at my schedule either. Sunday is the HLS/Library Boing Boing meet up!
Very nice of Obama to recognize me at UNC today! I didn't get booed this time. Maybe I should run for re-election after all!!
It's kinda old.
Says to me that there is no trust.
36 years old here, you find its funny that you're the only person in the world that doesn't think it's an upset?
fugg yeah!! Like a got damn ninja
Good news! We are in the process of sourcing buffalo so we can keep our burger on the menu! It's too good to say goodbye to
If Bill Walton gets a craving for sweets, he's set; a 5-ft. tall tribute to him in chocolate sits in his home made by local pastry chef.
Your actually amazing!, your feeds are so true, keep them up!xx
Listening to Medicaid budget pres to legislators. No blood yet but could be
Seriously - do I really have to be stopped- AGAIN- to wait for the presodent to go by????
Yeah the motto's #YOLO, but it ain't an excuse to be a ho tho er'day, er'day LOL
I'm really regretting smoking my last cigarette last week. I could use it right about now.
"78% of bus. & orgs believe the value of a job candidates environmental knowledge will increase in importance as a hiring factor"...
I'm surprised the bookstore doesn't sell shorts with the tree on the butt!!
I ma ma ma ma ma miss you!!
When doing the sheer mesh trend... PLEASE do not wear a trashy bra underneath.. we have no desire to see your underwear
Its 4am & My Lover Wont Answer
Howdy, new Uptown neighbor - 2525 McKinney Avenue for and now Look good while U dine!
#NOTTE.....buzzin!!! This First Friday Drama free zone!! Get fresh and start da weekend off right!
Follow , ex-Wall Street analyst for all things social, mobile & startup. Plus, Batman & Star Wars!
Wanted: Meaningful overnight relationship.
First Jack Layton, now Steve Jobs...
"Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy." - Benjamin Franklin
Go Brewers !!! Happy Opening Day !!! Mi.Keys tonight !!! Downtown Milwaukee, 10pm
It was great meeting you at #ncmpr2012 Keep me in mind if you have anymore video questions :)
Not entirely fair: Peter Hornsby gets credit for the excellent emulation. I did more of the digital repository work.
Do you look yourself straight self and think about who you let between your thighs?
' Once heard that KC ppl are jealous then other states!
Keep making music, because your music really has meaning. <3
BCA is LOUD tonight! Let's get it going!
A lot of girls keep their feelings to themselves because they're tired of pouring theirs hearts out to the wrong guy.
All Muslims are forbidden to watch television in Afghanistan
Y'know, I was one of those who missed on reading that she was black, but I liked the character *better* when I saw the casting..
I know man that sucks ass so much :/
#BlackParentsQuotes: "Josh's mom lets us..." "sounds like you don't want to go to that white boy's house no more" (yes, real and exact)
what is a good email address to contact you at?
lawn mowers are stupid and I dont respect them
Um why is "hold on" playing at the movies
so good!
Gonna go see Take Me Home Tonight!!!!!!! I can't wait!!!!!!
ditto! in fact, I think is the only Packer I'm following.
G.O.O.D. Music signed with Def Jam, Common went over to Warner Brothers.
San Marcos has cursed me
Just started using DayOne, a daily journal for mac. Great design. Two paragraphs/day seems like a good idea.
Do cats say #YOLO ?
Scented success - China Daily
I would say find a local food bank or spca
Follow Two of my fav dj's RT : Looking for a Mate? Stay Off That Clearance Rack... Only TOP SHELF! <U+E105>
what's your mp3 email address i want to service you with my hip-hop recording artist precise latest joint "shot's fired'
Also we walked to the office barefoot AND uphill in the snow both ways
I was craving larosas so I made calzones, but they didn't quite live up to my expectations.
"Are you happy?"
When life hands me lemons...I do shots of tequila.
When you say "magic," you mean race-baiting and blaming the media for his adulatory, right?
E-mail me at nhusain14[at]gmail, if you have more questions. I went through a LOT of pro-con lists.
I also can't wait to be in a bunch of ridiculous commercials!
Fabulous.... But what about the "Calendar Invites" and "Meeting Makers"?
OVER A MILLION!!!!<21
Producer/Songwriter Eric Ayers came through Silverwood tonight to work on a song for gospel legend, Dorothy Norwood's new project
me either
thanks for the RT :-)
am I picking you up?
I remember!
lovve both of them! Ahah your brother is so cute! (: and you look so pretty in your 6th grade one!! <33
do.it.
Thanks for having me on the panel for "social media in the classroom" #SPE. Great discussion of today's learners.
I am a go getta but it's my strategy that keep them wondering...long as they keep mentioning my name good or bad I'm going 2 rise
Nice quote !
ill be home then too! let's hang out!
Hungry for this money why not eat it!
Have you been getting messages like "someone is saying bad things about you?" It's a spam thing. DON'T open the attached link!
OK I give up on hating #Girls. Twitter & masturbation scenes in latest episode were v. good. "I only eat when my eyes are cloudy"
We're giving away a FLIPCAM July 12th, all you have to do is LIKE our Facebook page! www.facebook.com/RealMomTV
Thank you to for the delightful blueberry cupcake yesterday in order to promote #RevereBoston!! Favorite cupcake flavor!!
Thanks !! You never forget :)
Why do they always make them sing on these shows after they A) get kicked off or B) win crazy big?
While we are mourning the loss of our friend, others are rejoicing to meet him behind the veil.
Why the hell do I NEVER know about meetings at work till a day before?!
I hope someone does
Welcome back!
There's a hotel there saying it's in the "heart" of Chelsea, so they obviously don't know what heart means, either.
I don't need anyone, I fine single.
good seeing ya!
"A world class education system should call for globally connected schools"
Niggas playing angry birds rather than cooking!
Follow me back,Is Awsome related to Desperate Housewives online streams
What sort of design are you looking for? We are a graphic design company.
People will try and find a way to connect it and make it about us.
Dang this nigga came threw in the clutch
Finally out of school, graduation on thursday, got a couple jobs lined up
looking forward to yours as well!
Gomes looked like he was having a seizure when attempting to catch Halladay's line drive
Congrats! Very excited to hear that! RT PCI receives $15m Gates Fdtn grant to improve health in northern India
it's graduation. you need a new dress
I think my Texans will have to have either a 3rd or 4th pick in the 2014 to get Sammy Wadkins.eh?
My vote for the MBP. But then, I work from home a lot (and that's usually when I need the most computing power).
Have you checked out Lil Art Bodega?? A great shop with art, and great gifts, and the owner will make your day! www.lilartbodega.com
Sitting on the runway delayed in the 1st 5 minutes of a 21 hr flight to Finland.
#LiveKelly what ever happened with replacing Regis? Kelly needs a permanent co-host. She is better as a side kick.
#AllHailAle. Centennial hop plants that were just 1/4 in buds last week are now 3 ft bines. I'd best get started on that new trellis system!
RT : #Q2. Would you cross-post between platforms? Why or why not?
Awww I cried when austin tweeted me for about idk but i passed out lol
Right now the new is you, but someday not too long from now, you will gradually become the old and be cleared away
PROfessional & TECHnical. I'm #Marketing. Please come, the nonbelievers will see that tweets work!
Cool finds!
Gas $20, books at the #barnes&noble for the kids $50, silence in the car ride home,
This is Breck's third trip to the Class 1A title game. The Mustangs have never won a championship.
the lowest form of tweeting.
online help feature returns mostly server error messages today. Virtual chat assistant is useless.
so i'm like re-watching One direction live on SNL and i think Niall is just so adorable
Can you take Jerry Brown with you too?
Thank God my head and my vision have almost returned to normal. Was seriously alarmed there for a while.
Need to go to iu for 2 dollar Tuesday this upcoming one.. is it still poppin there during the summer?
my baby looks so beautiful :)
Jamba oatmeal is so god. It tastes like pie.
#shitthatpissesmeoff when people answer my question with a single letter.. Wtf do you think I am a sidekick?
If that's your flavor try The Ritz or Esso too
Only 14 More Days . Kinda Excited . :)
Kid Cudi Quits Marijuana, Yet Remains A Wizard
#Teamfollowback follow me
S/o ! See you on Friday!
Confirmed. Director Joe Carnahan hired a trapper to kill 4 #wolves for #TheGrey. The cast ate 2.
Red Nation- The Game
Planning on being #creative today & creating some great tutorials on finding newspaper & magazine circulation stats in SRDS.
Wearing a hoodie for TRAYVON!
Hi Nat...how are you? I was just thinking about you and wanted to check in! Hope you're doing well, love you!!
lemme know if it needs to go down
yeah...but mostly I just stare at it and ask questions, like "how often do you wax it?"
I think I'm gonna enroll back in school this summer. Since its all paid for :-)
Thanks love! <3
If your hated your winning. No one really hates on teams who always lose.
Re Tweet This If You Think Having To Wait A Year To Watch The Next Twilight Movie Is To Long A Wait !!!!!!! I <3 Twilight !!!!!!!
Landed in LA! Resting comfortably at Casa Pata y Mary. Yay!!
Gaga that count of movie since I already am ready to see it yess just now
Boy. Udoh has the blocking gene.
Thanks for the RT!
Syncing iPod's, iPhones, and iPad's over Wifi. You don't need a cord!!! And... it seems to work BETTER than w/ a cord.
Thank you Richard :D Means alot!
The first step in finding work? Have a good resume!
Fuck that didn't even play on my own team <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Don't forget to play DDR tonight or tomorrow for your chance to win FREE tickets to The FP at Hollywood Theater! Details:...
Agreed. She's always engaging & smart. RT Jackie Macmullan, by far the best moderator yet
Kobe Bryant for ya bitches!
The second AFS dev camp is done. Like last time, we got things done, but it's never what we plan. Still we're getting there.
Leaving My Phones Here & Everything.
Think I should change my #.. Stupid braud! -_______-
There won't be a case of beer to be found anywhere in Bethlehem, PA later tonight - #Lehigh beats Duke
About to depart to San Jose for SVOD 2009
Lunch today at ! Craving the chicken tacos!
#NP "Talking to the Moon" by Bruno Mars
open tryouts? I'd like open tryouts.
I will never wave my flag as a sign of...I give up!!!
Thanks :D
im so bummed I missed the chance to hang out (& meet ya, joe!) Hope you had a fun night and Im in next time!
at least once a week.
.. your mom is putting on an amazing presentation rite now .. #loveher =)
We could use friendlier & smarter tools. I feel we're still in the "manual transmission" days of developer tools.
Way to go UNC. One more college football program added to the long list of corrupt collegiate athletic programs. Embarrassing!
Okay I'm obsessed with the song"Broken Hearted" by Karmin!-Kelly
CHI-city, every bit as great as I remember it
The brilliant ones and the and the ones that fall short. All of 'em.
Looking forward to going to a with this summer while I'm at #Furman! :)
Come visit us at the Strongland Expo this weekend for your chance to win a slyder football board (Twitter Followers are already entered).
Me too and I still haven't done it!
Have heard good things! I want to watch.
yeah same here haha.
yep Kyle doesn't count or anyone else that you could easily just tell to use it to prove me wrong
I don't have to do shit for a month
tonights menu: I think I will head for a little Oregon Reisling. Still selling oregonwine.co and cawine.co anyone interested?
DIY Letterpress Wedding by Lifestyle Crafts
and i miss you too x
Defense contests key witness in Mass. terror case
If you haven't heard of Swamp Works amps, check them out right now
Day two of looking like a piece of poo....and I-still-dgaf
yeah..they're lucky im not the suing type. This was blatant negligence!
“: .“: And the bus bully strikes again. #ihatethisguy” ---who is that?” this dude on the bus who acts like a bully
Good morning Tampa Bay!! Have a beautiful day everyone :)
u guys amazingly rock!!! And this week really rocked!
why all that man :/
I fucking hate being ignored.
not LA but most likely the Riverside,OC area.tHIS IS GOING TO BE TOUGH.
Will do. Building my Xmen-like school of the Artistically Gifted...
Need a great deal on some used #Electronics or #Instruments? Come into STUFF!
It's kind of fun to do the impossible. ~ Walt Disney
i dont LOVE one direction
#fuckyes Sharon Needles one RuPaul's drag race!!!!
Absolutely! Tha ka for being such a great role Model to younger women! xoxo, Downtown Donna
BLEEP BLAP BLOOP (logan henderson's voice)
WHATS THE BEST MOMMENT THAT YOUVE DONE TOGETHER W/ THE CONTESTANTS
well what u gon give me shells? A 2piece and a biscuit
My spring break travel plans with are getting crazier and crazier by the minute.
All signed up for my membership, ready for the new year!
this child is officially driving me insane today. he is all about making me uncomfortable. and the braxton hicks are keeping up
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
Thank you . Look forward for reading your tweets also!
the Polish Hammer definitely!!!
i don't think it was
including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and general corporate securities procedures and processes
I think it was 8102.
I think it said chilkoot Charlie's? Which is weird.. But I wasn't really looking
I'm bored and apparently so izz twitter somebody talk to me please<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
yup seriously;) i do too haha but its nice wen somone does it for ya;D
YUP! I feel like everyone is against the Celtics!
Our Essential Cinema Top 10 is currently on sale (PPR only)! Classics such as Metropolis, Nosferatu, Faust and more. Buy 2 get 3rd 20% off!
what's new?
Thank you, ! Miss you lots
Hour til I get off then to get a mani/pedi before my family party.
- sadly no. I think they even had the nerve to insinuate a sequel!
GREAT essay Jim.
I'm serious... Someone come over
Wow that sounds like so much fun, To bad I am not in Houston. Visited once thought and loved it.
Everything taste good with Nutella EVERYTHING O.O
Lol>>A dick has a sad life: His hair is a mess, his family is nuts,his neighbor's an asshole,his bestfriend's a pussy & his owner beats him.
Nikon user myself and I was repulsed by that status. Got to love marketing.
Time for me to get bck on the field.... I like cgeering for the opposing team its always so entertaining ;p
So laying down with khloee and all she is doing is hitting my face. How nice
watching it in my hotel room. Tough break should have won in regulation.
Don't be sorry hoe...be careful.. *money mike voice*
In the epic battle of Matt v. Google News. Matt wins. But who knew such a small code change could cause issues like that?
#stagecoach about to start! Who knew there were so many cowboys in SoCal? Up first: Eli Young Band.
MY ANKLE CAME DOWN ON IT WRONG
Holy moly, todays library welcome for new hum/soc sci PhDs was fantastic, lots of great questions & convo. My first official SC talk down.
“ #Aquarians don't forgive so easily. Good luck ever getting their trust back”
just saw The Avengers, great movie and awesome to see downtown Cleveland in the movie!
Good Nights.
oh so u watched bof?
I just want my daddy <3 ):
Mussle Monday. Think tall glass of wine and three options for mussels. Happy hour is getting happier.
no no don't worry about it! and oh theres a contet on who can get the most likes on there fb page gets a prize!
Running out of room for followers-that means I need to build up-well over 1,000 now-THANK YOU ALL! Keep up the love!!!
Awesome! Happy New Year, Tye - looking forward to seeing you!
My life is so completely a country and western song. #justwishitwasmorelikefaithhill's
What is that?
Put it this way, Warren Sapp, T.O., etc there's a common link!!
Do I even follow any female Devils fans? Like, that have the Devils as their primary team?
With twitter it could always be the character limit. FB lets you be the big giant a**hole that you truly are.
A few things I love about being single is that I get to focus on my music, get to move 2300 miles away without caring.. And masturbation.
ha! I like that! thats my new slogan!
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 36
Thanks for the shout out! :)
I'm a grown ass man. Imma call you RON!
Are people liking the kinder, gentler Howard Stern on America's Got Talent? Not enough edge, or just right?
I have a wedding this weekend lol.
I've never driven one of those, but I bet I could have a ton of fun with one at the Mid-Ohio racetrack. :D
S/o to the dudes that lied and said that they cared about me!!
U can take #NewEngland out of that tweet.
Be on the alert to recognize your prime at whatever time of your life it may occur.
After a night at the Union Terrace and the Greenbush, Erin says "nights like these make me sorry for anyone who doesn't live in Madison"
The wild thing living in me is crying a little bit. RIP Maurice Sendak. Thank you for know children and the child within us so well.
Awwhh why nott??? :c && please follow me i always ask you but you never do :(
The Lake County Senior Shootout was good until it turnt into a circus!
The vague answer to the max shutter answer would be around 1/75,000th. One of the RED engineers told me to email him.
So excited for cousin batch party tonight! Love extended weekends:)
He who has health, has hope; and he who has hope, has everything.
Yes, New Jim Crow so good! We read it with Angela Davis' Are Prisons Obsolete? + Todd Clear's Imprisoning Communities in Crim!
Haven't done any grinding in over two days for absolutely no reason at all :(
well i leave Tuesday so we shud chill this weekend....
haha talk about convenience!
All we are is all we know...
we can make it happen if I do make it bro. I'll keep you posted
Thanks for the follow! We love our young writers from down under--Happy Spring!
Faith is daring of the soul to go farther than it can see. ~Ouida
Hey, are you guys coming out with a new Harvest Moon anytime soon? Like, for the Wii? :D
hey thanks for the shout! if u can, check out my music at www.reverbnation.com/gstatus
It's #laborday! We hope you're doing something fancy.
WOAHH HAVE TO FLY OUT TO NYC FOR NEW YORK COMIC CON LIKE NOW!!!!!
My team & I G.S.B auditioned & Im wondering when do we find out if we made it?
tear it up in los angeles for me tonite!
Have seen or done on of these in a while . Which one should I do . 1D fan video or Justin bieber fan video??? Tweet mee(:
I wish Emily's tweets were not sent to my phone. How did this happen?
the fact that this website isn't letting me buy my VIP tickets for HCR is depressing me, I'm legit about to cry
I paid to much,You niggas play to much
Any recommendation for a good documentary? I like
well baron davis career over smh
You just made me go to the pantry, extract the Nutella, and I'm now licking it off a big silver spoon while writing. Bliss.
you don't know me man
Ehh, text me (:
good luck guys!
Aloha from Bangkok :)
“: Good day to be a ticket sales rep for the broncos..." How bout being a Jacksonville Jags sales rep when they snag Tebow?
"so , why the second order? If refs follow your rules then why would teams feel the need to break the rules?"
- There is a free conference for teachers at Wayne State today. #edcampDetroit - Can you show some twitter love for us?
Cleaning out gannies pantry and sad to throw out the Carrot Ring w Creamed Fish recipe but can't take everything w me.
There's an unsecured wireless network by the laundromat entitled "AssToMouthFucking".
im watching all your keeks while home sick<3 7
New Boyz performing LIVE at Club Sevilla in Long Beach..Sell out expected!! For Pre-Sale tickets or bottle service text 562.307.3589
Love your Tonyweets. And people in the rest of the country love seeing that guy from HIMYM rap. And Chris Rock!
Show rehearsals on the way.lol
Angela We're going to give you a special gift when our site is back up and running! Thanks again!
Actions are able to prove why sometimes words mean nothing.
Oh man, that's still funny. :)
Can't believe I'm gonna be 14 in a few dayss..
Agreed, but there's only so much one guy can do.
Back in SB. Looking forward to a great new year, a great new semester, and great new faces.
You must empty your cup before it can be re-filled.
Exciting news on Snake Creek this morning Moorhens have a chick! Family enjoying a swim & avoiding the dreaded Muskovy Ducks
Why the hell is underwear a plural word?
To all my Clevelanders the pacers took care of the bitch Lebron tonight!!! We got yalls back
The only limits are, as always, those of vision. -James Broughton
Cutters, Teter take top spot in 1st practice race - Indiana Daily Student
In honor of this weekend, here’s a little taste of chocolate. Unfortunately, not in bunny shaped form, but in ad form:...
awe thanks Rachel! It was such a pain in the butt!
“: It seems dark at the Stick.”
I have heard it! It's great. Nice to hear from them again. We still need to catch up sometime, man.
have a safe trip home, it was great to meet you at
Congratulations!! Welcome to the world of Successful Internet Marketers!!
Thank you! I hope you had a wonderful Turkey Day as well!
Would you judge me if I wore a dangly earring on my fingernail? Just accessorizing, z'all.
I always have faith in Dawson!
We can't wait to spoon with
it's not healthy
I would fall over and die if and did a song together
You are my happy place<U+E022>
I'm feelin Famous !
it looks great. How did the big decision go?
I would on a special occasion but usually niggaz blow they whole check lol
This girl done hit my car!
ESSEX TIME!
Playing the Parkway Grill tonight in Pasadena with Nedra Wheeler! 7pm.
2) Witness one of mans most significant signs of eternal Love - Taj Mahal
Son, if you really want something in this life, you have to work for it. Now quiet! They're about to announce the lottery numbers. - Homer
youtube's not deactivating:(((((
You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you can<U+FFFD>t have it
should i buy a kindle fire? or not?
GUYS. YOU HAVE 50 MINUTES LEFT TO GET IN YOUR QUESTIONS FOR DENISE.
Well, let me get started with my day.
Is it un-homo of me that i'm just now watching glee.......
Have you ever tried the Zumba class at the LVAC?
what's wrong with it :(
So King of the Hill starts showing on Cartoon Network and my son says "l thought they only show cartoons." No sense of reality!
Rolling with the kids at dairy ashford roller rink
Ha, good point.
Mornings are a bitch......because my female dog is named morning :)
"The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding." (Leonardo da Vinci)
(I've been travelling and spending time with family to celebrate graduation, hence my absence from Twitter, btw. I'll be back!)
Thanks for the follow. ~Mark
Who creates trust and higher purpose amongst their people and gets unparalleled levels of support for common goals.
If u followers under 30 don't know how great Albert Brooks, Billy Crystal & Steve Martin r, rent DRIVE, MR. SATURDAY NIGHT & THE JERK stat
I'm sorry to hear about the loss of your brother. We've never met, but you have my deepest sympathies.
I like how u put the put the Jk but in reality ur thinkin omg Paetan look at his but #justsayin lol
Some men are just horribly indiscreet when their gaze falls upon the female form. Jedi padewons or worse it seems.
#NP "Long as they keep printing it there's chances of getting it, Money's my bitch and we stay intimate"
it's fun! Just figuring it out a little at a time...
Look from SEGA Citroen renamed game | WOW Gold,Instant Gold
hey I have to take up for my buddy most of it was glass water bottles :)
bad timing
It would be cool if u can explain 2 me wht I know & wht I need to know to get whr I want to go :) perhaps ovr a pint or coffee
So glad I asked questions, I would've been pissed if he left & then I realized that its not whole home DVR. His mistake not mine.
I like running away from my job, feels like back in highschool ditching a class
sucks about the ankle, was really looking forward to you pitching this year. Get well and take care.
The bartender just said "I'm too old for this song." me too. I miss classic Madonna. But not in a gay way.
Great questions! Thanks for weighing in.
I Know I Didn't Know Youhh Had Twitter. I Feel Ashamed
Trappin on the porch with
To the waitress at #masmalo last night: I asked for a jack and coke, not for you to do a line of coke.
my wife and I do Insanity! I think you will really like it!
Chocolate cake for dinner.. Sure why not.
I think that Jews and Arabs could live together. It is not a simple thing but I believe we may arrive at an agreement.
I really like shopify as an e-commerce solution plz report back on difficulty of implementing designs
thats really sad when shit like that happens
We're about to get started at the Religion in the 2012 Election symposium at Rice U's Baker Institute
Check out our new droid Application, go to Market place and search Alternatives Insurance let me know what you think?
Agreed! can dish it out, but he can also take it. Glad we have him to kick around, and vice versa :)
nigga I said where yo black ass at
Its totally cool if you want to text and ride the escalator, no really it is . . just STAND TO THE RIGHT!! Thank you : )
The dude probably dont know what to write when Black people call out racism against Whites. The guy's scared.
The Little Boy Said ”I Havent Seen Anyone As Pretty As Youu Anywhere” #TooCute (:
Tennessee, Georgia, Florida, South Carolina, Kentucky peeps: I can get you a good deal on a new wireless security system. Message me!
Imagine a world with little sleep..
We will be sending an email and stopping by real soon :)
Yeah but how long have you had your Twitter? WAY longer than me and your only ahead by a few 10's.
Great-good luck!
it is because our window to win with him is about 5-7 years. could've gotten better at a different position thatll last longer.
“: 'ever fallen in love with someone you shouldn't have fallen in love with........'” Buzzcocks, right ?
of course!:)
Cheerful Shambhala Day everyone!
Ima be in Vegas Friday & Saturday. Anyone looking to meet up for a business meeting?
Is a don't-scoop-the-wire policy for news organizations outdated in the age of Twitter? on.mash.to/tS19fQ via
I'll do all I can!
Nice that is showing where the #Chorizo lawn ornaments still are at Miller Park
You a fantasy player? You should check out our site - instant cash prizes, weekly freerolls.
thnx for the shout out! :)
Follow & || Exclusive Events || Beautiful People
It never goes away completely, but it's not as bad as it used to be! :]
Congrats. I couldn't wait to be done. I had the option to stay and get my PhD but turned it down. Wish I would have stayed now
If Minos could turn things gold you would've had a perfect tweet on your hands. Still friends?
good eye!
Just how many times can you read, re-write, and still find errors? I admire the Professional Writers out there. They deserve more credit!
CGQ tomorrow night Saturday in Burlington Iowa at the Washington
someone just wrote "I had a sneaky suspicion about that." Oh.
Right guy, wrong time. Right time, wrong guy. New guy, old lines. Old guy, new lies.
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 2
Wish I was lifted right now
#MM Keeping Metal Alive in #Nashville >>
If #SidneyCrosby and Malkin want to go, let 'em go, ref. #ClaudeGiroux is the face of the #NHL now
"Produced By Conference" hosted by Walt Disney Studios and ABC Entertainment Group. Should be a good 4 day run.
If the Spurs win the title, I'll certainly be ticked, but not surprised.
now its oldies music...for her. Thats it...IMA BLAST VOLUME TO FULL BLAST..HOPE FOR ME THE BEST! :)
Hm... I wonder who you will take!!!!
You bet.
Nice to meet you Nathan. Thank you for following.
Thanks, Charlie -- was worried you were mad about our MSFT consumer relevance exchange ;)
Ready to hit the stage for night 2! Everybody Come out and see an awesome show tonight! :)
Sounds yummy! RT Looking for something different for lunch tomorrow? Come to Burd Ford and enjoy lunch with ! -
Supporting Medical Marijuana for the cure! This year we had the first Medical Marijuana Walk for the Cure in Colorado Springs
Ha! Yup.
Really...my son wakes up 2 hrs after I fall asleep?? ?? He usually doesn't wake up in the middle of the night anymore blah!
I consider the central idea pervading this struggle is the necessity that is upon us, of proving that popular government is not an absurdity
ben keep it up bro
Gamel must not have known the word for swing to teach Aoki
you're always right Thunder!
Other new book I'm cooking from this week: "Bean by Bean" by the fabulous Think I have her full cannon now!
going to read at coffee shop with later
Newsletter: The Appeal of Adjustable Rates – Reported by The New York Times
ok done deal
if your not WEIRD your not GRAND
Who do you guys think A is on pretty little liars?
HAHA! I'm sure that will rock.
Defenders of military families Meet Money magazine's Heroes, including Holly Petraeus of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and fou
Thanks for the awesome article, Jonathan :)
Aw/: that sucks well maybe next weekend?
I must get those. Oh man please let there be Tree of Life action figures as well!
I love Pop Latino, not more "tropical" Spanish-language music. I wish SiriusXM would make Viva an "on air" channel. Listening online now.
#songstoplaywhilehavingsex "It's In Our Hands." by Bjork.
I was supposed to be there today for a wedding. Thinking of our friends in #VirginiaBeach and sending prayers
I need shit to do *ASAP*
Had way too much fun last night with and .... Paying for it now
we'll see
my slime got his bike permit the other day shit was 23bucks
Shout out for a shout out?
Essex day festival. Then route
truth!!! I ALWAYS SAY THIS IN GENERAL!!
Won't be surprised if I drink the whole bottle
i love the jerry springer show
We are going to post the next song from our EP this weekend! Keep checking back for updates!
Whew, a bit hot for a seven mile walk along the canal, but we did it anyway.
it's up in a bun right now, I'll wear it down tomorrow. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
Is that rather snotty to say? Sure, but I'm being honest. I've learned to discern when I'm a welcomed attendee vs. free entertainment.
In #Milwaukee, drink time with Is going to be out tonight?
I haven't yet finished yesterday, so you are well ahead of me!
close isn't there
we like to use wave nouveau moisturizin lotion on the Malaysian wavy hair it keeps the waves n its natural state & non greasy.
Chicago! RT LA, Miami, or NYC for my birthday?
I want a bad boy [;
I don't think Joe Oliver's position would fool Boo-Boo The Fool.
RT : "#WEATHERIZATION WORKS!!“Last year, we relied less on foreign oil than in any of the past sixteen years.” #SOTU #energy"
As long as there are tests and final exams, there will be prayer in schools.
It has been! Just with there was more time!
yo! I'm so in the mood to 6afeh ppl lol wanna get on Z today? Lol
These car dealership so. Jank... Raised dey prices cuz its tax time n financial aid time
Follow Me back??
Your hugs,<3
So glad to be off one more day and its tha weekend !
yes it is a very pretty face. We really do. I'm in desperate need of some Desperate Housewives!
Watching the voice finale ahh it's amazing
are your iPad cases in any US stores yet?
true, sorry!
Come to find out ... he's no good
Getting sushi for dinner from SushiPDX food cart!! Yum!!
the long shadows
Jr Demus in the house
RT AND follow back? please follow
Dang! Metta might as well bring the whole team down! Asshole!
Excellent idea!
that's a good feeling!
We will always be remembered. By someone out there. We are all special to someone.
#EBSCO is finally back up again.
Oh, you're mad.
Great blog - keep up the good writing and sharing!
Cake cake cake
any caps fan saying racist things about ward, hand over your #Caps fan rights. You just lost them.
Playing my last two hour set on the Promenade in 10 minutes in front of the food court. Come eat McDonalds and jam with me!
RT Daryl Morey won't soon forget he cut Jeremy Lin. Scott O'Neil, MSG Sports prez, gave Morey a Knicks Lin jersey at
sorry baby :/
God Gave Me You..So Thankful For Someone Like You In My Life...You Was Made Just For Me
Working on the first episode of "shit girls say on road trips".
haha me too
Are you ready? Like READY ready? This is going to a mini workout that you won't forget anytime soon! #9RoundMinute at Noon.
Yet another extremely embarrassing game. Yet another, yes another, losing season. Pulling for my homey, Michael Vick. Bye Skins!
Tonight! invades in Philadelphia!
Fuck.he was hot.and funny.And of corse flirting with my friend:/
I bought the very first sweatshirt but I apparently suck at getting your attention....
: what's your problem #sinner? Too many no's at the fair and u had to resort to that #slumpbuster from yesterday
If you follow tell him and he will follow back
its 7:30..been taking a nap..too finals tomorrow.. hello insomnia.
Let me hold a dollar!
Donate to a charity via your wallpaper
Who's coming to the show tomorrow night? Fun times will be had by all! Special guest opens the show!
The browns better not pick Justin Blackmon I'm calling it now that he won't be the best receiver out of this draft.
Lets make it easy for Hey ? #FreeChrisLoeschAgain Stop caving into the LiberalTwitGetsapo !
RT : Do good by stealth, and blush to find it fame. ~Alexander Pope
Hello monks peeps
actually i still cant see them & lmao, i thought u were ignoring me but im on the computer again
too hot.
"Like" this status to be entered to win 2 free Naptown Roller Girls tickets! We'll be doing the drawing next week! Good luck!
FUCK I was gonna order some merch last night but somehow I got distracted. DA FUQ
Well then... Game on! Unless it tastes bad... In that case, take three shots first. After that, everything tastes okay.
what u doing
Only 2 faceplants for at Hellgate. Read her report (1st woman, 4th overall and set a course record!)
The bass on "You can't hurry love" is insane.
or libs willing to come to socal?
Today I've been heads down at work doing code and fixing major appliances. :P
oh yea that was me...getting refocused
:) honored - but I'm pretty sure I still haven't grown up yet myself
Finished _The Unidentified_ last night. Plot-wise, wasn't in love with the pacing, but the conceit of The Game = great.
These Doritos Locos tacos are brightening my life.
Id dont ever get good morning mentions
i think george michael lied about not dancing again
I liked the gym today...if you know what I mean <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Jackson County is tallying their last precinct.
is wondering, why won't guys just come out and say what they're really thinking? it would make a girls life so much easier! <3 lol
RT : “One person with a belief is equal to a force of 99 who have only interests.” – John Stuart Mill ¤ ~
Hello to everyone;-)
Yay! Thanks for posting.
On the road again.
follow and please :D x42
Omg I need a new phone before I go crazy !
Team tourism took home six PR awards at today's PRSA SE WI chapter Paragon Awards.
If we could see the wonder of a single flower clearly, our whole life would modify.
Wishing a great opening in Houston tonight!
Joe Colborne has three assists in three games for the Toronto Marlies
For every one amazing play like Javelle McGee just made, he will give up 3 just like it!
If he's dumb enough to walk away. Be smart to let him go.
<----Audio Junkie.
All set for "AFL Picks to Click."
TO DAY IS OCTOBER 22 AND JUNE 28 IS INTERNATIONAL CAPS LOCK DAY!!!
ya so far i'm havin a great time being single kz i get to hang out with my new friends & i dont have to worry about anything
is great as Alice, she really brought Stephanie's character alive
Another great day of sports College ball, Pro Bowl, X-Games, 24hrs at Daytona!!!
haha well I came up with #cheyton cause someone said & need a bromance name
is on coffee break
Squee! Just two more days until I can read all the books I want to for a week!
Sure thing!!
The Stand Your Ground Law should be amended/a "Trayvon's Law" should be enacted
I just saw it. Wait for an Avengers screening - it'll be way better.
GREAT! Let us know if you need anymore info. Thanks!
Dear: cute boys on instagram, Stop being married. xo, sara
really? That Starbucks thing looks so scamulous.
good . cos I don't even have an iPod ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I love more than he loves me!:D
Tiger!!! Im his good luck charm. 3 birdies since I started watching.
Simply put, I love 's free private git and mercurial repos.
TO THE WINDOW TO THE WALL TILL SWEAT DRIPS DOWN MY BALLS!! ALL DEEZ BITCHES CRAWL! AWWW SKI SKI MOTHER FUCKER<3
oh && BTW.. did you read the little note I left you in your agenda? ((;
How is it tonight?
Thanks Stevie. Like your tweets...keeping it positive!
another Jason face during performance <U+0669>(<U+25CF><U+032E><U+032E>~•~)<U+06F6>
Congratulations on the 6 Daytime Emmy Nominations #FreshBeatBand ! Loved working on that show with all of you!
One day you'll be beggin' on your knees for me <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
It's 'Wailea on Wednesdays.' Free Polynesian performance & fire-knife show 6:30-8p, + eat/drink/shop specials. Details: ow.ly/7ZA04
Yummy! m bacon!!
what i do on grand theft auto <U+2752> Legit missions <U+2714> fuck shit up, steal cars, and kill bitches.
ditto! -->“: my goal is to have everything in the new lookbook #makingithappen”
can I have a follow back? Plz
If at first you don't succeed, destroy all evidence that you tried.
all these tweets and pics are driving me crazy with jealousy... 4 months.
Wants to know if Google Wave will clean his room
Mayor Johnson @ RIT in a moment.
It is as hot as the <U+2600> today!
Standing still is the fastest way of moving backwards in a rapidly changing world
shhh!! not public yet.....the 26th!:)
This is what you call service? I am supposed to wait to see if it shows up hope you calculate the times right and then help?
Shes a shady lady
Knowing what to say is not always necessary; just the presence of a caring friend can make a world of difference ~ Sheri Curry
This chick taking close up shots, with her ugly azz gums & teeth!
via - Man Who Plays Devil's Advocate Really Just Wants To Be A Jerk
I know will take some great shots of the #spazmatics tonight at
Are you gonna make a Music Video for 11:11?(:
Me too. But it has to be done. Lol “: One week of WMC recovery. Back to crossfit today, tengo miedo.”
Who made up the rules anyway?!?
the worst thing about it is they cut my GOT SIX sweatshirt & my POLAMALU 43 jersey off of me!!!!
#LifeWouldBeBetter if I could see Santana in concert tonight or tomorrow night. He's a genius.
Pujols is getting walked
Focus, focus, focus. That's how it's done.
Long day ahead of me #dangit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
cant be mad at a person doing their own thing, if they not yours....nbs
yes us too! Have to do it again soon...
Another packed day in the library - 3 classes ; TC full ; all the tables overflowing with kids - whoohooo!
DON'T GO IN THE HOUSE (1980) -- So much sympathy for an evil psycho it hurts. The most depressing horror to feature a disco makeover scene.
merci! Wait I look like a French teacher??
i dont like school
Could be a big inning for the Giants. 3 straight hits and 2 runs. Giants now lead 3-1.
Ceiling Cat pwns all. He pwns teh ceiling and teh floor and walls too. Forevur and evuhr. Amen.
Lol i'll probably be nearly 50 by the time it happens. But what an awesome thing to witness in our lifetime! :D
For every $5 donated to our film gets you a ticket in a drawing for a NEW Ipad2 www.indiegogo.com/the-fate-of-phoenix
there's stories to tell, we been through it all.
Did not see your Facebook invite request yet. ... Grin.
Green Renaissance Fair, 9-19/20-2009 we have center stage for the city of Portland www.green-renaissance.com/fair
The smell of gasoline will never leave my hand.
Double header<33
Great run tonight. 65 degrees. Crisp. Awesome run!
i am great (:, how about you? Are you on spring break?
I like peanut butter cookies and.... I'm not racist
Mud bog at cadwells, 3 o clock :p cant wait gonna be fun
You're not a slut? so are you like...... a volunteer prostitute or something?
AHAHAH that's the best.
maybe you should stop tweeting and hold onto something LOL
Schilling has taken the mound at 100 Innings of Baseball in the 95th inning with a 91-85 lead. Gehrig Schilling, that is.
There is no singing anymore, everything is yelling and shouting and rapping and that is real boring to a guy like me. - Bach
“: Pumped to welcome to #bmore tomorrow for an interview!!” Awesome, what's the interview for?
this was a good try but next time we gotta start at 3
Meant right sideline in that last tweet. Sorry I don't know my left from my right.
If I don't make it out of this storm, I'd like you all to know that I, Shaun Church, am awesome. Thank you
RT : #Leo's will always be different - that is why they were placed on this earth
I can live without you but without you I'd be miserable at best
Good idea!
I have a long blister. On my fucking foot.
The most powerful electric eel is found in the rivers of Brazil, Columbia, Venezuela, and Peru, and produces a shock of 400-650 volts.
At the U of A vs ASU game and someone is holding a sign that saids, "ASU students can't read this sign" hahah
I don't think ive ever been so bored in my life. pc4pc?
Can't wait to Hop the A Train with Barebones Productions! Thanks, Patrick!
made pasta and im not even hungry...
What if I went brunette..
Maybe that's a good thing :) Maybe your career helps too. In my job I have to try to pretend to be +very+ serious, haha ;)
I decided that when you return we should celebrate with a picnic. In the park.
i got 99 problems but a #bitch aint one
Date with my #1 man :)
Thanks for the RT!
u bad as yo
getting my desk somewhat decluttered. now if i could just do that for the rest of my office
Just taking a nap !..
is makin banana nut bread :)
RT : Kelly Ayotte asked about VP: "I have to go talk to some schoolchildren
nah he fell asleep with Charlotte, I have to go wake him up
We're cusping. Family is becoming intergenerational. Giving more room to breath.
I get why they made the 1800, 100 proof label black now
haha you're very welcome<U+E415><U+E056><U+E057><U+E414>
Happy 56th birthday to Bob Saget!
Experience an earthquake...check!
No one wants to tweet Nolan );
Overheard two people arguing about whether "mot" was a word.
#Bulls...all day!
Thanks! Looking forward to spending a night w/ inspirational teachers & community members!
Hope that is have a blast on their tour!And thinking of the ones who cant make it! Sending yall love and luck(:
I miss you!!
whats the perfect girl if its not the perfect time?
maybe he's protecting you, following an incident where someone charged a stopped cab. Or, he thinks you're cute.
#ifonlyicould talk to austin mahone of get him to notice me <3
Palatine Amphitheater in Fairmont WV. If you do go, make sure to let us know. We'll make sure everyone knows how far u came
mine been like this for 2 days
Aww, well thk you sunshine, and ditto! We love your smiling face!!
oh my god these 8th graders are stalking me -_-
uh yeah. Its the character reflections/monologues that get me. If they had brought that coach back I would have to be committed.
Then i live or die in the pursuit of happiness
omg amazing
I don't have a blog. re: my tweet, "supposed" is a proper, neutral term for something that may prove true...later.
Yup, paper still abounds. My 2nd grader recently came home w/a record breaking 60 sheets of paper (yes, we keep track :)
I was joking cause you wrote Ryan Higgs :-)
Cant Wait To Hear Songs!
I know right! Ugh...hate going to the gym late too but it took me all evening to get motivated.
I NO IM SAD THT NOTHIN WILL EVA BE THE SAME NO MEAN TO H8 BUT I LOVED IT BEFO WHEN IT USED TO JUST BE THE ORIGINAL ICONiacz :)
CTG in Kentucky for National Arts Marketing Conference-too bad Patricia, CTG Edu Staffer, forgot Lil' Will at home! Any Louisville advice?
RT Drink Beer legally RT : Buy beer... RT BRYCE HARPER JUST STOLE HOME. What can't this kid do?
Couldn't agree more. It is ironic how #HR tends to be where strong culture, engagement & great ideas go to die.
so glad to see other ppl i kno get into this whole #parenting thing. i laugh and i cry for them. but not as much as i laugh and cry 4 myself
I cannot wait for freshman year to be over.
Excited to try and win some Opening Day tickets this afternoon from
oh okay
I'm thinking that my classroom incentive system will hinge on a digital currency, likely with the borrowed name "bitcoins." Thoughts?
Thanks for retweeting my post about tomorrow's episode of "Awake." You are awesome!
Dinner at Harbor House on M Onday with was splendid. Can't wait to come back
Include me in your #FF? :)
.listen to the people. Increase tax for the rich and companies.
Merry Christmas my friends!!
that will heal up good by keeping cold on it and aloe, may not blister then and just heal up.
Some people think isn't funny but I find him halrious !!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
If you a female over 20 and you still posting pics of your ass and titties just to get attention from niggaz KILL YOURSELF NOW!!!!!!
Strike the Musical just sang it! Cant wait to see bowling pins sing more.
Washington Redskins 14 St. Louis Rams 0 Halftime #redskins #rams #nfl (Via )
For being so late you drive crazy as fuck!!
it's ok Pete at least the playoffs are going well for you...
Terminology -- "open government"
I've always wondered if someone I liked has liked me too, but never told me.
What's wrong ? Stressed out with your finals ?
your priorities apparently need to be evaluated
ELLE MORGAN FOREVUH we love you too JUSTIN BIEBER!!!
whatcha got planned for us next saturday DJ ? Busy planning some cool hot FX 4 PPL 2 DANCE 2
Fire alarm went off. I'll take that as a signal to find a different way to cook my asparagus.
Julien on #Bruins' top offensive players: "... We needed more out of some of those guys."
Layin down a track with this kid tears it up
Great season boys. You're all winners in gods eyes and in our hearts
you have 3 minutes to get yo booty here so we can go to for a #fiercefitfab workout!
oh. Always.
Kelley: Don't think of ourselves as lobbyists for your own group, stand up for all regardless of identity
if stefano goes home i'll be tempted to kick ryan in the balls. :) js.
hey - nice to meet you. Hope your doing well
Ditto! RT : Got dinner reservations for the night we see Iris and Nathan in NYC. Can't wait!
likewise. #Boston will be represented! Psyched 2 create something cool
"I can't keep bringing up the Orange Bowl at dinner parties. No1 even remembers that game anymore"- great video on KSR
What a beautiful day<3
small world :-)
I just told someone that my tweets are awesome. It won't be long before they realize how true that isn't.
*40+ #dookie. Sorry, thought it was implied
Greatest NIN album of all time.
Sittin in a Best Buy parking lot in Nashville
Up to Oshkosh for Easter. Remember to thank Him for what He did for us!
Lady Antebellum is performing!!!
GOD WHAT?!
i feel bad for your sister. she's never going to have mr. coombs as a teacher :(
Caffeinated Quiz time, let's see what you got! Turning down central heating thermostat ? degree, fuel consumption is cut by as much as 10%.
Homemade zipline + #Georgia = Nothing good
ultra shopping?lol
Congrats to MAM-GIOCAs Patrick, Laura, , Peggy and Pat on their successful thesis defense and graduation today!
I've always been the type to root for the underdog. Tonight will be no different!
quiet easter monday, fiddling with tiny sllow web pages on my mobile
have you ate some at johnnys shrimp boat?? lol
Thank you! Hope you are enjoying this beautiful day!
James&#39; Site - Simply One Call Brings the Air Ambulance
and Groucho Marx had already peaked by the time You Bet Your Life aired. Harpo didn't peak, he honked.
#FearTheBeard survives to grow at least one more day!
Ahh, thanks so much for getting back to me. Our show is about to air so too late for today. Send me your contact details!
Also, just a fantastic overall kid. You guys are gonna LOVE him. RT : Couple notes abt Ewing: Big, strong, FANTASTIC receiver
Deviant Dale's is back !
rt u gone have to catch my followers n da streets #aintNOTHINGchange but them #'$ && number don't lie
... or you could listen to the Billy/Wease Music Show on 95.1 The Fox
let's shoot for next sat. 31st?
Like WOW. RT : #FF along with a full tongue in your mouth, swallow you whole kiss...damn
he's a wolf in disguise, but i cant stop staring in those evil eyes
ugh I have a bad headache right now.
Ali's Savage Traits - Custom Fangs & SFX is almost at 500 Likes! Thank you all for your eternal support!
Question from the Immigrant Archive Project: What do you recall about your earliest days in the U.S.?
Just saw someone's LinkedIn profile listed their education as "Management BS". Well, at least they're honest.
LOVE ME.
"So leaving seems the thing to do / When I'm here I'm lost in thoughts of you / And in my dreams I'm city bound...
yes you are!!
“: fact: one person in this world is thinking about you, right now.” So, I guess is thinking about me now
Lots of thought provoking discussions about sexism encounter as a women in a technology field at #SheCon and how to overcome skepticism.
Sager has such a pretty punim. :)
you listen to great music!
Good night. xx
Fake people <<<<
Went to events center where they usually hold bigger poker tourneys. The crowd seemed old. I start to register then find out it's bingo.
National Lab Day is at the #NCTM Conference in San Diego! Come visit us at booth 2046!
One of my Final Four hopefuls needs to get its act together.
I saw your RT, you're entered into the contest :)
You've proved me wrong once again.
That split second when you are 100% sure ya gonna die after you lean too far back in ya chair
Automated voicemail saying they know I'm going through one of the toughest times ever. Haha I'm actually going through one of the easiest! <U+E04E>
Memorial Day weekend! I'll bring the diamonds, roses and champagne! Lol!
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
How there are people in the world that hate tomatoes, I will never understand.
Representatives of rival Palestinian movements Fatah and Hamas say they have agreed on measures to end an impasse in reconciliation talks.
Do or do not. There is no try. -Yoda
you are stunning! :) Just thought I should let you know. x
I've always wanted a singular, focused vision, but I'm very pleased by how this whole "1 thing leads 2 the next" thing has worked out for me
I thought that looked like Venice! I'll stop in Wales for my retrieval crew.
awesome show at linneman's last night! i'm a lucky gal to have such a great band and so many supportive chums!
Don't let small minds convince you that your dreams are too big.
I never realized how corny these daytime novelas are until I sat down and watched one
I was worried I had slept through the windy season. Thank goodness I was wrong!
Boys, don’t date the most beautiful girl in the world, date the girl who makes your world the most beautiful.
that bitch is jealous of your sucess.
Live your life to the fullest and never let anyone stop you from believing in your dreams if you believe it then you can do it
Thank you very much! You'll start to see even more interesting Tweets soon, referencing "Scan for the truth!"
Universal City Walk is calling my name.....
84% The Hunger Games Thrilling and superbly acted, The Hunger Games captures the dramatic violence, raw emotion, and ambitious scope of i
the Epic 4G(non-rooted) was used as a primary testing device in dev'in the game. Have not tested with rooted, thx 4 the heads up!
haha, it happens. I accidentally drank a bunch if caffeine, so I'll be up all Night. Oops.
UMass lax is #1 in nation and undefeated but got 6 seed. Oh well I guess it's all splitting hairs in a 16-team bracket right?
so text me lover :)
#milwaukee We will be getting new treated material in for this spring!!! More details to follow soon
is y'all speaker boring
You should just watch YouNow and probably you'll be better k hun (:
SOMETHING'S WEIRD
You know we do videos too. I was trying to see if you wanted to link up for one?
If you can tweet any pics it would be greatly appreciated
bus #43 running late (n bound) hope I don't miss my meeting...
I'm so into this visual #musicstyle map! you can just pass the mouse over the styles + it will play some cool audio mp3's...
oh noes! On such a pretty day too. You feeling better?
Nice lil road trip came back to the Lou and EVADED the bullshit
I am so for
#IfMyDreamsCameTrue I would thank my lucky stars
Going to wait til traffic dies down from the graduation being over before I head out, $houtouts to all the Aggie graduates today though
Plant the seed of desire in your mind and it forms a nucleus with power to attract to itself everything needed for its fulfillment. -
Thanks for all the RTs!
Feels so good
Fannie Mae added JPMorgan Chase to its list of largest mortgage servicers on track to receive top ratings in its review program.
#OnceUponATime finale!!! Ah it's already so crazy!
So excited about new high stakes poker! However, I want Norm McDonald out and Gabe Kaplan back
The bones of a prehistoric mastodon were discovered 50 years ago in Sussex County, N.J. - Almanac April 30, 2012
Howard Stern has still not apologized for yanking our bit! The WAR on STERN is heating up!
a misappropriation?
New approach to teaching Excel. Created Yahtzee scoreboard, wrote formulas. Playing the game next class. We shall see...
my collection is pretty big also I've be collecting sense 93 I've got a ton of things I bet you don't have don bee bee card
And the same blessings to you!
I didn't get one either But then again I live in San Diego but its still pretty close
Saw ”The Hunger Games”. It should be Rated R. I am no prude, it is just a disturbing watch. Docu ”Bully”, I hear, is R for language. Wow.
Kind of want to make [Insert Shitty Artist] Is The Worst a thing but I feel like it could get forced and terrible.
Going to hook you, , and up shortly with the gear stats.
Please RT and #FF the Sweet-est talking Tweeter on (and beyond!) this planet :) ---->
#TheAvengers was soo damn good! Definitely a must see!
Conversation in the hall has now name-checked Charlton Heston in Omega Man, Salvador Dali, Adolf Hitler & Darwin. No idea what it's about.
Everytime I'm in the kitchen, ur in the kitchen Eatin up all the food...
she is(: ahah now i want her to add me to(:
hope you feel better bby!! Loveyouu
Thanks for the # FF ...honored to be mentioned with &
Counting Crows are so good that i don't have words to finish this statement.
Thanks for the follow! I'm looking forward to your tweets.
No problem! Best of luck with the move, Elie!
Okay I give up
Elaine David Hernandez Giarelli XI I am gonna kick your ass! With either my deadly karate or a funnoodle whichevers easiest!
Yeah pretty embarresing especially after about every day and people know you never understand haha
May the fourth, The Avengers opening, Free Comic Book Day, Berkshire Shareholders meeting ... geekiest weekend of the year?
Manmohan Singh - A World Bank/IMF Agent Exposed - 1
Chilly Spring Game at Commonwealth Stadium
I'm feeling really good today.
"See the shot" the new AustinCarrism that will get ran into the ground.
Gunna eat my life away
That's a good point, which I hadn't thought of before. Though this may be tricky for many 18th century documents!
Like Bored Someone Message Me!
Our youth start with a conversation, say they're students working on a project, and often have success. Self-confidence is key!
Just received an awesome package of new pictures from Romania. We'll give you some teasers soon!
Spending my Friday with William Wallace.
oh my god...hahaha
A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice
Bi bi bi bi bi BIG Sean. Ba ba boy how BIG is you?
It's fucking stupid windy outside! Geez
LOLOL I just noticed my 3,000th tweet was to and I didn't even realize it. (: WOO! 3,000 TWEETS!
I knew that you were a vaginaface!
You on tour?
Thanks for the props! Expect some great deals soon. RT : Who's behind ? #LOVE the concept!
Dear world, leggings are not pants,unless you cover your ass properly it's just NOT cute. Take it from a girl with a big ass, don't do it!!!
Hey Emily, Bill Cunningham plays once more at the Fest-Sat.4/30 12:30 Don't know if the Little will get or not
Do you need divorce, bankruptcy or other documents, but can't afford to pay a big lawyer's fee? CALL US AT (727) 474 9988 / (813) 352 3275
You're in marketing. And Irish. I figure you were born w/ a command of a play on words!
Working next to 2 plates of cookies is challenging.
i know that is growing up but i know he will never change, he will always be the kid from Stratford<3
like a boss
Always kiss your children goodnight - even if they're already asleep.-H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
spoken like a true HAITIAN!! lol
Don't forget—tomorrow's the #SuperBowl! Why not watch at #Fridays? You can enjoy our awesome food and drinks while you watch the game!
Night 2 of #RABBITS commences at 8. Late Night Magic Show with David London after!
Hey Shaheed. Nothing much, just taking it easy on Sunday morning! How about u?
What then is freedom? The power to live as one wishes.~Cicero~
Just sent your customer service team an e-mail. Terrible experience ordering from your distributors. What is up over there?
That woulda been fun! But we're just smiling, answering many questions, welcoming people, and eating free food.
As inheritors of an extraordinary tradition, Trojans must remember not just to fight onward, but to fight inward —Varun Soni. #uscgrad” whoa
this is amazing. Hey have you seen all the update vids yet? You might like!
wonderful to meet you last night!
"This just in - Powersauce .... is Amazing!!!"
You're thanking me for missing your face??? Boy, you're confusing haha
needs to bring his game to PO frealllz.
is working too late on a friday night.
You were insane to do that, but thank you. It will probably help save a life at some point.
Would love to chat with you about Hipmunk Partnerships and some ideas I have. Follow and DM?
Whose attending the #Newark #Arts Council - OPEN DOORS TOUR
With Kamel El Harachi, son of Dahman El Harachi the famous Algerian musician, in Paris. Music is worth checking out. Influenced many....
California online poker bill has hearing scheduled for May 7.
your kiddy right!? Teen moms 2?
What is trendy for clothing these days?
Last good book I read was The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao.
HAAHHA oh well i was just trying to be nice :/
#kids Elizabeth-Forward Branch - Preschool Storytime: Elizabeth-Forward Branch - Preschool Storytime Friday, May 18, 2012 at 11:00 AM...
Pursuit --> People --> Process --> Performance --> Purpose
Sometimes I mistake activity for productivity. My bad!
hi wards! We
My school week starts tomorrow... I guess it's time to actually get things done.
What's up Twitter! We're back and raging in 2012. Tweet us your #singleladyproblems and get an invite to the sneak preview show on Feb 4th!
Waiting to hear Bill Nye #NSTA rocks!! :)
lexis the meanest person ever
So ready to have mon-fri off from work.
G. M. Trevelyan~ Disinterested intellectual curiosity is the life blood of real civilization.
Thanks to for the follow! Build a large following through permission text messaging. Ask us how 918-271-0062.
Me and Morgan Ben in ha hospital for two days I would call ha daddy but it's pointless I'm getting ready to b a mother and father
Science works to make the messy simpler. Rhetoric works to make the simple messier. Wonder why?
i see ur tweeting ALL ur fanz thats good u keep in contact with them follow me:)
Hey(: <Be.YOU.tiful>
I'm going to try making my own linoleum blocks for printing!
You can text? && laying down texting :)
Got new phone. Lost all my contacts. Please send me your phone number..thank you.
I sure hope <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> & where you stood to take the picture omfg too much sexiness to capture <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
IT'S OKAY, ANY SONGS WRITTEN OR SUNG BY YOU ARE AMAZING <3 #BELIEVE #REALTALK(:
Thank you again for joining.
Um, what's going on?
Always thought this when I played the board game. RT What if it only SEEMS they're aliens?...future humans come to rule the past?
RT : “All our dreams can come true – if we have the courage to pursue them.” - Walt Disney
When did VS start carrying triple D? I might be able to fit in that! I need to go shopping!
Me & Claudia have the BEST conversations. Like yall wouldn't even imagine (;
lol gud luv makin weather right here. To bad I don't have a man!
I look out for my family and friends before myself
Who's ready for my remix of "Call Me Maybe"?.... [This is the best remix I have EVER done. be ready.]
If you are sitting in mcfaddens comparing with each other what size you wear in Versace couture, I automatically hate you.
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away
www.indianacountyfair.com has been updated! check back soon for a BIG announcement about the country performer!
Dont expect me to beg, not in my character sorry
Since it is teacher appreciation week, I wanted to let you all know how much I appreciate you. Thanks for being great inspiration.
Tomorrow at grapevines stadium at 7 vs Mansfield.. Be there! If we win we travel to midland and everyone can miss school Friday so be there
Premature celebration
Hey girlie! You in Austin? I so wish I was able to go. You have got to post pictures.
or underhanded deal w ? #savektru RT: In undrgrnd lot to meet stranger for cash-only exchange. Craigslist or drug deal?
What's good Jarrett??
I'm really really thrilled about summer and all, but it's possible that I'm more excited about New Years.
“: I Don't Care Who Was Before Me Or After, As Long As I Know There's Nobody During Me, That's All That Matters”
"We consider craft to be research" -Gutierrez Studios
At the studio working with new #tech and #photography equip.
Dear : I LOVE the new apps for & RSS. But, they don't seem to show up on the iPhone app? Please help... Thx!
What i need from you is UNDERSTANDING .
UNDER THE LIGHTS TONIGHT YOU TURNED AROUND AND YOU STOLE MY HEART WITH JUST ONE LOOK, WHEN I SAW YOUR FACE I FELL IN LOVD
Wait, you guys know each other too?
dont know much about twitter just trying it out keeping up with lady gaga
There's still upset #Bronco fans! Denver went from 2nd worst team, to the playoffs! Cheer up Denver! Things are getting better!
how much dey cost
My boy gone grow up be just like me
What a great weekend.
u know what I meant by that.. No te hagas
joins the Cast of "BURDENS TO BARE" upcoming feature film in the role of JIMMY JR. More info coming soon!
RT RT : When it rain in jax it rain all day/night ~ in lil spurts that last like 15-20 mins a piece<~lol yep
there are programs for that.
Hey! IMU Nig! And Thanks For That Shirt :)
Ready to get this training over with
i told her that n she said there is nothing worth living for after being bullied n hurt by bullys
I listen to ALL the babymakin music, love songs & sad songs before i go to bed everynight
The Exorcist, because I've never seen it on a big screen. ...and because I'm a somewhat shameless whore.
somehow your congrats sounds phony when you have to bring yourself in it....
Doing college and university research with 32 #AVID students...... whew
Depends on where I am...think that's a Bawlmer weekend!
Where else did you go on your trip ? London is one of my favorite places!
just got home
its finally hitting me ! I'm not going to be with my family for that much longer :/ college is coming so quick !
Don't think I don't think about it...
Nose has been hurting all day but nothing comes out
If you have in head phones and I can still hear your music, then whats the point in even wearing them?
Yep, I was at Ignite - too bad you weren't there, it was one of the better ones IMHO (and would have been nice to see you too!)
Google Places is available for your iPhone or iPad!
Aw, man - cake! Now we'll never be able to reign-in !
to be fair, that Fox interview is fire.
this girl that sits at my table, no one even likes her lmao
"Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass. It's about learning to dance in the rain."
great job #kellyclarkson!!!
Dont wait until its to late .
Great conclusion to the Generations retreat last night--every church should do this-- team did super job--thank u Stevie!
that's a little baffling. I would never be able to sit still that long.
I didn't see it just heard about it. I'll have to catch the rerun
#Skin care tip: Exfoliate daily.Use a delicate scrub. If u don't have 1 on hand, a tablespoon of sugar or oatmeal will work just fine.
Happy Mothers Day to the two best moms I know. My mom and my wife. and Unfortunately they follow me on twitter
There’s nothing like kicking back with the Kindle and sinking into the best story. That’s why I’m in the “emotobooks” Revolution.
It's Taco Tuesday at Lottie's! Roy's BBQ smoked fish tacos Happening Today.
I am so late but thank you for the love, Friday! :) I hope that all is WELL!
I want a jeep!
Thanks for the RT! Hopefully Sophie was a good girl this year.
I am looking for session work. Give me a call and we can discuss rates. I have some openings coming up.
if we are what we eat.. then shouldn't voldemort be a unicorn?
I should be thanking you
ESPN 3 live ... Replay on 5:30. “: what network is it on?”
I cant stand Rivers who I always thought was over rated
Well said Ax...
RT In the spirit of my Must Exercise New Year's Resolution--How do you work the gym into your Mommy Schedule? I need tips!
On my way to show some love to
Why try to be something fake? Be real for you, if they love you they wont want you to change.
Bitches be trynna talk bad , but watch Ima Start Fcking Btches up .
I know brother I know!
My computer didn't make it. :-( Thinking about getting a Mac now. Any thoughts?
Sleep would be amazing right now.
Cnt wait to get this apartment
Is he going to be able to get around with the cast? I don't think I've ever seen a dog in a leg cast before?
Found my glasses. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
What do we want? Things that make noise and fit in our mouths! When do we want it? We have no conception of time!!!! (baby protests)
Yeah, I've found myself in the habit of that, too, but I feel like that shouldn't count.
love new board feeling
Lunch time :-)
Preferred Seating has been selling great - Don't Wait visit www.indyjazzfest.net
i am lunch companion-less today :(
Thought of a cool use for minature #projector lights.
With Easter right around the corner, it's time to start blowing out eggs to make
How big an issue is bike theft in Portland? Are you a victim? What's your solution?
Cole Hamels drills Bryce Harper in the back on the first pitch. Stay classy
$49.95 (NHL and NBA are each just $49.95 this year)... NHL picks have generated +$428 for normal $50 player.
I wanna stain your lips with my lipstick<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
quote of the night..much respect to you, been a fan for 12 years
We're pretty new to the program; I don't think it's widely communicated yet. I'll watch for the email! :)
did you say your the first fan club? Hahah
nice walk w hubby. Glad it's warm enough again. I just finished a 3.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
21st century assessment workshop is so great!
BRB KENTUCKY DERBY TODAY.
santorum is spread all over northern and western michigan right now; but he still might come out on bottom.
It's 11:11! MAKE A WISH! <U+2665>
YES!!! DADT is dead
my tea smells like cake.
Headed 2 Mingle Bells soon! Join Hampton Roads professionals @ Red Star in Town Center VB! Is going?
write on my wall
birth control truthfully. No gettie job & she was told that was why. But she pretty much knew when she opened her mouth.
great stuff! Can't wait to see new MMX!
Not even joking, I thought that was the doorway to my room!
Everybody I grew up with gay now 0_o
meet me after school
Hanging down @ area 99, the drama, hypocrisy and bullshit going on here makes me sick. Why isn't this in the news?
O love that! Wouldn't have thought about it, but I can totally see forest green for Spring!
I thought I was too, I don't know why it had me as not...
RT : California lost 1,016,900 jobs since the start of the recession.
holy shit was that a golf shot
Happy Anniversary!!!!
lmao I'm not having one but if I telly-hop you can come with :)
seriously ben. Courtney???????????? Wtf? Could ya share with 5he group?
Woo hoo! Us too. Looking forward to more fun stories from you, too!
Off to my day job...
That's near where I grew up. Was there this am. What are you doing there?
Not totally sure what I just got myself into. I guess I'm about to find out! At least I will have someone to blame if something goes wrong.
For bottle service reservations only, please contact Blu at: (617) 375-8595
Who's going to NJ or NYC Next week for UFC on FX ?
mind. blown.
"Can someone turn the house lights up? Somebody backstage is going FUCK, FUCK." --Kevin Spacey. I only tweet what's said onstage.
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives
Believe it or not I watch your online news stories more than I watch the local news combined.
somebody follow me and my girl kayla
hm... I wonder if Dayton will call for a Viking special session around Thanksgiving time?
It's so weird how I can be so happy one moment and then go to crying my eyes out.
Man do I love Creed
What is on my face that is making others smile awkwardly to my face?
All types of credit, from good to bad, can qualify for an auto loan.
In about 6 hours! :D When are you free this week?
Tomorrow I have a long drive home...but I GO HOME!! <3 <3
Lol. You're going to be my wing woman to pick up high school girls?
needs to be activated by customer service... Has it been inactive for a long time or new?
Whole halloween plans ruined by a warehouse goof. Customer service experience is fantastic, overall experience hurts.
haha. yeah, next time I want something that makes me rethink eating dinner that night... I'll go for super 8!
SexTip: Run an ice cube over your lover's body while it melts before sex! They'll get the chills, and then you can warm them up.
nope. I live away from all that lol
We're thinking about hosting "The First Annual Fort Washington Crab Feast" live music...family...friends...in July? Tell me your thoughts?
I was all dreamy about Peace for a moment ... but, we'll have to fight the politicians first. (: Peace
Thanks! Much appreciated. :-)
asdjkfl. you're such a qt
Worst part of the drive back to lex is when 107.7 starts to fade out
Thanks to for the follow and the coupon offer!
Time to die
Don't have a FB page but love "stalk me on Facebook".. have a great day Steafan!
thanks! See ya in a few!
#imagine Austin:I'm urs till the stars fall frm the sky,the rivers run dry,in other words till i die*kisses u gently* -anna
Haven't seen it yet. Watching DWTS......LOL
I love #Passover because, if there are no kids, I ALWAYS get picked to open the door for Elijah.If you are an actress you understand.
Peter's tweet just made me smile hugely--wow, that's very sweet.
it is text books. Lol I got exam next week
A bird just slowly approached til it was about 6" from my shoe, then abruptly flew away. #itwalkedonmypillow!
just catching up! Sorry dude! Get better. Enjoy the legal meds.
Dogs do their social networking on Assbook, via the World Wide Whiff.
This time we in is really depressing,troublesome, and sad...what to do??? just keep your head up and move on...
If you guys haven't bought the new album from the wanted you're missing out I've been jammin all day!
still no excuse for the wait when all it took was a walk to the register and asking someone to get me three pieces.
Much needed night in with Time to catch up on Mad Men!
We can help you do that. Where are you located.
All You Need Is Love and we do <3 the special: matched pair of 2012 wines in a beautiful All You Need Is Love box $195
Do you happen to have any extras?
<<< Do you have a coach?
SO thrilled to have a 4 day long weekend... Off to LA later today to visit with friendS
Do not allow those things that, by nature, destroy to affect your nature.
I didn't feel really at home until year 4 (5th this year). I'm considering why that is, not sure yet.
Ha...I wish too. I went up for the Vancouver Winter Games and it was a BLAST!!
Did you accidentally eat your phone, ? I find it odd that you're not texting back...
Parts ordered; claims adjusted; rental car scheduled with pick up; impressing all parties with my efficiency despite bureaucracy; Done.
Totally makes sense. 12hrs for sauce to soak into pasta=good. Overnight time for quick-cooked deliciousness to soak into rice=bad
Turnpike I go! Cedes not playing on this road.
i got a selfish mind of the devilish kind u look so hard but still wont find kindness wit a flash all u see is blindness im timeless RT boii
You must be persuasive if you can get the 911 operator to connect you to the sketch artist. ;)
if you guys know any good wineries please tell them about our Wine competition for entry forms are on our website
haha u wished! Anything that doesnt involve money lol
thanks! You too!
Q9 - R u going to the mall later?
Treated myself to a mani & pedi ...so relaxed now
I LOVE feeling this way<3
Can't believe I haven't heard name of Yankee yet who hit the ball Rivera was shagging. Instant trivia lore there. The new Yankee Bartman.
Karaoke has had a variety already... Evanescence, Jim Croce, and Megadeth. Oh wow!
thanks for the follow!
Happiness a good bank account, a good cook and a good digestion.
do you play?
it was cool, I enjoyed myself
We'll be chatting live this Wednesday 3/9 @ 9:00 pm EST (8:00 pm local) on Bamboozle's Gab Chat! Tune in!
Ahahahaha RT : he was like FO FREE and I was like shoo
And we go to extra time.
Be careful who you give your trust to.
"there's no more critical of a time for a designer to be involved than right AFTER launch" Khoi Vinh
precal, discrete math and probability and stats
which Red? Bruce Willis; Brian Cox or Trois couleurs: Rouge?
RT : Hey restaurant folks, checkout how is using social to engage with customers. He caught me checking in on...
"Don't tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results."
NYC Mother Arrested After Abandoning Her Young Daughters on the Side of the Road in Brooklyn with Just Diapers -
Sweet, #filive looks awesome! Enjoy!
Time to get pretty! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>RT : Idk where to even begin swim suit shopping... It always gives me a headache
I'm on a country kick.
-- dave thanks, it has been -- I am resetting it -- hope no more of this!
Definitely not right. But you have faith and will be ok. You're the better player and man! Keep it up!
Melanoma is a skin cancer that can spread earlier and more quickly than the other skin cancers.
would not argue that assessment >>> “: Problem with NFC needs post is SF had a hole in O-Line even when Rachal was starting"
this is the greatest thing ever. Here's to more years :)
sexy pants!!!!
Yes RT HUGE NEWS! #Personhood deemed so misleading, it cannot appear on 2012 ballot in Nevada.
Paul Revere rocking on my speakers! My fav Beastie song.
Still interested in a show w/Monique Stein in Tampa? she's the mom who went blind to save her kids sight? Asked me 2 to ask U
is think of changing his name to 'multi-syllabic rapper'.
badgers baby. St patty plans?
Yeah we do!
Can Tebow make a comeback?
yeppers and It almost made me cry when u said MJ was ur inspiration!
3)Community Service wanted... Those involved tell others what happened. Yes, letter of #Texas law followed. But to dismiss as "accident"??
Alert dc was a hit tonight.
Thanks for the well wishes!
OMFG the Avengers was FUCKING GREAT!!!!
#YATM “: you're the man...even in europe”
now that you're a patriot, I might have to draft you in the 1st/2nd round.
just saw someone with an old school McSorley Kings jersey. Immediately rushed to bet on them.
Thanks Marissa, aka, future music video honey
loving !!! everyone should tune in to see some real bitches
man my gramma be slick when she tells me what to do.. "baba i think theres dishes in the sink" or "oh only one?"
What about Brooklyn? The Forgotten Waltz? Carry The One?
DITTO!!! RT : I'm tired of seeing the Christian Lattner shot!
great buddy, u?
Alex Kronemer is now speaking at the Peacemakers webinar about how UPF created the dialogues project. www.instantpresenter.com/unity2
Lol.. I was there last night. Fun game!
This is fucked upRT I wonder if Michael Jackson actually looks like he did in the Thriller video by now...
I love him soo much yo :)
Ok time for some #wheyprotein then cardio
It was just good quality Heinz ketchup.
Thank John for a lovely weekend.
Are you still going to advocate for #recovery & awareness of #addicted young people??? You have the power to help the movement...
Did you get your spider roll today?
cheh who's talking now, ahaha! :D
We are not speaking you dolt...we are writing. I would expect a smart atheist pussy like you to know the difference.
yes, that seems to make the most sense
New I See Stars song? So freaking PUMPED!
I miss you!
thanks for coming down philly! :) #motivated!
follow your heart, slay the dragon, free your mind & soul.
I frickin miss ice cream!!!
The lock-in tomorrow should be fun
Is an MFA in musical theatre in your future? RT : #SDSU has the ONLY remaining program. Applications start 10/01/11!
New plan for practice: Swim for an hour and walk to . It's been a long week. :)
yeah they would!! She rocks!
trying to clear up everything at work and home so I can go on vacation with a clear conscious!
You go to Danville..
Being hateful doesn't make me forget and it certainly doesn't make me hate you
7% left of battery juice.....
I need some caffeine
can't get enough of something exciting huh!..
We must accept finite disappointment, but we must never lose infinite hope. – Martin Luther King
Life changes ... things don't stay the same .
JUST GOT THE CALL
"That spider is more scared of you than you're scared of it." ''oh really, did it tell you that?!"
sleepy but cant fall asleep :/
J.J. Hardy now has a five hit game, I'm guessing career high...
saw the video with the little girl interviewing the guy from the cribs! hilarious! love those kids!
U know what I'm sensing SUPER strong #MinDra lately:)
RT : ......another song in the bank! Next one. Next one! ... Rock rock to the beat y'all :)
Have you checkout Le Club's Social Corner? Bring a book, Take a book!
you win, and so very winningly! What are your claws made of?
thanks for the RT!
Sry to keep you waiting. Pls let us know the location visited so we can take steps to make your experience better
Sorry, I charge $25 per tweet.
It is the Christmas season and time to think about a beautiful, seasonal floral candy arrangement for that special someone or employee!!
I was meant to be a boss.
Audition Tip: If you enjoy singing a song, that’s a plus. But it doesn’t mean that you will automatically do it well.
the word "ban" is nowhere to be found in the text of
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you get caught closing the elevator door button as people are running up!!! Sorry didn't c youu
I put out a detail pension plan. Cutting after school program is unacceptable. its so bad thats why i proposed a 1cent
#LMN movies all night, the usual.
I like to go for bright cherry red or turquoise. They go well with tanned skin (when that happens).
Holy cow! The 2nd Annual Backroads Brewrey Bus Tour is tomorrow. That really came up quick. A few spots are left so buy some tickets!
#idRatherHave a dog with its vocals taken out than your attitude
had a good night!!
*Waves hands excitedly* RT : Tamron Hall/Olivia Pope fan club. Who's in?
BA boss says Heathrow chaos has made UK a &#39;laughing stock&#39; | The ...
Draw something! <-- get it and play me!!!!!
QIAGEN Acquires AmniSure International to Add Unique Assay to Emerging Point of Need Portfolio
Follow Great show also appearing in the NYMF with book, music and lyrics by the talented David Nugent!
Sitting at the eye doctor forever <<<<
Congrats to UK, EKU and Transy for big wins last night!
New phone. <3
hmm hmm hmm my vote is all of em, but if i had to choose i'd say "John Stokedton"
Excited to be in San Diego playing tourist.
Let's turn a new leaf swoosh
Welcome to the KosherEye Twitter Community! See that you are in Louisiana.. Do you have a great #kosher gumbo recipe?
feeling gutted...
Every day is Cinco de Mayo when you are Uncle Joe Biden.
Sounds like it might be the fan for the video equipment itself (which is sitting a few feet in front of the camera)
wish people knew when enough is just enough, but no, we all must continue to argue until one we're blue in the fucking face.
I knew it! Ha!
kudos for effort lol
To anyone who ever told you that you're no good, They're No Better.
... Hello as well!
"I wanna hold hands and call you pet names"
Haha, i would be too! :) you should a music video to unfriend you. i might be. :]
Sir I'm a huge fan!!! Started listing to you when I was a truck driver. Of course it was at night in sat. Radio in repeat.
well tell her I said thanks! Who is it?
You can close your eyes and pretend its all a bad dream, but eventually you will have to wake up to reality
thank god!! I thought I left it at the lakehouse!
R.I.P former #Raider DT Chester McGlockton. Chester we hope you and Al give 'em hell up there! Best wishes to Chester's friends and family.
It's amazing what you find when you excavate tree pits in New York City! Tons of bricks and bits of years gone by.
Forty is the old age of youth; fifty the youth of old age
West Virginia Bound with my family : )
The pacific ocean is cold.
Lmao thanks bro
yes. That was a spam message. Sorry :(
Test was easier than I thought it would be...
RT : You cant be Mark Zuckerberg and excel in healthcare, you have to be able to relate to people.
Get TAN TODAY! *Specials* Buy 5 UV Tans and get 2 FREE! Buy 10 Instants for $99! LOTION and MEMBERSHIPS on SALE TOO!
one direction
follow back
I guess it was as good as its gna get...such is life
Happy birthday to my sister that is 20 today!!!! :) love you Ashley
No prob! If nothing else we can have the panel discussion on my couch. It comfortably seats three.
"they make wine for Jews but now want to make wine for normal people" #Roger #madmen Oy vey.
absolutely LOVE the coca cola christmas adverts!
Oh yeah. The Penguins also stomped the Flyers yesterday with a 10-3 win. What's up, ?
It's always been me.
Niggas be funny just cause U VISITED THE HOOD , DONT MEAN THAT UR HOOD ..
they're already making it! Thanks a lot twitter search bar...
why must today be so damn boring
wait, what do you do then ;-)
Yes! Tania is amazing :) Thanks for supporting #WaitingForLefty!
Gotta finish getting ready for work all overtime this week with no days off...detemined
Blame Corbett. NA is having a big retirement. Chances are they are hiring.
Rain forecast for NYc MayDay. gods are apparently in the one percent
On my way to Kidquake! A great lineup of authors and artists this morning. ()
Doubt I'll be able to make it to practice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Don't bring chicken nuggets to a prose reading potluck
baby girl yu are the star .. Forget About the about the bitch man im all yours ;) no homo tho <33
so u'll help me i cant believe u will do that for me lol thx if u r
awesome thanks
I wish #oomf would get the fuck on
this is just the beginning Austin. There's much more to come. I'm so proud of you.<3
ha zechs marquise RT me the other day from ATDI live tweet- i just now saw it! #rockstar 9 Apr: Zechs marquise is kinda killin it.
Well everyone knew that on draft day, right? Havent listened to pcast, but confused how you could call "early returns" disappointing
bad sports night, no doubt!!!
Waiting for a Lean Cuisine to cool down before eating it is the most anti-climactic form of anticipation ever.
Had a fun night playing basketball and nerf wars with the niece and nephew
RT : The latest issue of the MBA News was sent today. article appears. LEED course coming up.
The avengers was so awesome
Felt like home today at marian#mexicansunite!
Hm, it's tempting ... but purely for scientific purposes I assure you.
nothing, wondering when youre going to follow me? (; wbu?
same homie! stay up
thanks, brooklynmuseum...I'll check it out.
Devils fans talked shit for days now they're down 1-0 and complaining already
Hey Karma Card members, get 25 bonus points each time you dine for weekend brunch at in January.
Goodbye day, Hello Bed
if only I knew! You just have to learn to not give fuck. Just know who to really trust is all.
Seven #charterschools ranked among the city’s top 10 middle schools; among non-exam middle schools, charters held the top eight spots
And now that you're goin to bed, I still feel like theres so much to get off my chest.
I was skeptical of 21 jump street initially. But after seeing some previews and reading about it, I think I'm in.
or something.
-- North Korean President Kim Jong Il has pardoned two U.S. journalists, state-run news agency KCNA said Tuesday.
When I say JUSTIN you say BIEBER! JUSTIN.....!
We're live tweeting from Brands with Benefits: Hooking Up with Good Deals
Thanks for the article. Good basic primer for people just getting into UX.
when r u going?
Why does breakfast on #gossipgirl look so good?!?
Students ask friends before anyone else, including librarians. I wish this shocked me.
You'll get there. Chin up:-) You just need this break then you'll be recharged.
stop counting. Start burning.
nevermind, has spoken, it must be so
had a beep test myself this morning...hit the snooze button and went back to bed.
Is it because you get fooled/pranked a lot haha
Fake fake fake fake fake phony baloney stank stank ass mother fucker
What show? RT : So ya thought ya might like to go to the show...
lol ty it'll go fast free n easy he's in prison lol
I get it, I don't get it ,I don't get it !
Dood, graduation is today and I'm still in bed.
#MyLastWishFor2011 That We didn't have to go out & celebrate with the rest of the world... We can lay up, watch T.V & just chill
Clearly the disturbances on the surface or Mars and the crash/explosion outside Princeton are unrelated.
Doing truth or dare with is fucking hilarious.
Great quarterly meeting w/ #artservicesguild members last night @ Mandrake. Cool place to meet if u like art & r in Los Angeles
Realizing I will be 40 this year and Ive never felt more alive. #Timeisonmyside #Where'smysalt&pepper?
Church tomorrow (:
"The horror of leaving this earth without making a black mark against the white paper of human memory." -from a letter by Janet Fitch
hop of my dick bro, I don't wanna fuck you
i want something sweet :)
leaving soon for Django meetup in Cambridge MA. "Judging Google AppEngine: Should you use it?"
no you weren't.
An Eastside would be so refreshing right now but I have none of the ingredients (gin, cucumber, mint, lime, simple syrup). Oh, bother!
At the dentist ):
666 Park Avenue is my early pick for dumbest new TV show.
thanks, girl!
The more I talk to you the more I want you but obviously I cannot have you and will never have you.
It was sad to seesuch sordid and bloody slaughter
CM Martinez asks MPT to w/draw item. Cole does. moving on to solar advisory committee
I love the sound of vacuuming in the morning. RT : it sounds like the person in the room across the hall is vacuuming.
damn son! Better re add that bbm list!
did you audition for the new #Orioles PA guy???
Oh, the irony.
Thanks. I would love to hear more about your work. It sounds like there is lots of overlap between us. :-)
got a copy lying around?
What would be a awesome game in the 2012/2013 season.
Resting up bf my gig at Siba, you comin out?
It sure won't like with the
Great night hanging with an old graduate school friend, good collaboration and idea session
never have i ever felt like i had so many friends/so popular
Describe your past week as a type of landscape or a weather forecast.
I love 's twitter picture <3
Apologies to vegetarians but what is it about the smell of bacon cooking in the morning that makes you feel like it's gonna be a good day?!
you're welcome!
#Relationshipstatus: [] Single [] Taken [x] In a relationship with who doesn't even know I exist. :D
im coming home next week...lol!
. I don't know what text is on the vellum manuscript binder's waste. Something in Latin about demons.
Wow, great to hear from someone who did it. I'm looking forward/dreading it. It looks challenging, but also well needed.
Wait, who is this guy???
Nominations for Reaching Forward awards are due March 31. Winners receive FREE registration for ILA or Reaching Forward....
I just got a new staple gun and have been using it all over my room
Okay but forreal, goodnight.
"how you like your eggs fried or fertilized"
RT : Check out this great article about in the premiere issue of !
31k after many ups and downs, I am running like complete crap
My Freaky Side Come out Around This Time LoL...
listening to tesser sound effects...can't wait for the first day of tech!
is justin bieber online??? plzzzz tell me !!!!!!!!:) thanks
I am a Murray State U. alumni. I write contermporary and historical fiction, short stories, and poetry, ebooks and print. www.lindaswift.net
Newman is driving me tn! #huge happy birthday on the way
At the gym #fitness Lets do it!
It's gonna change your world :) Congrats.
WAY below. He'll be good, but they should send him down for a month.
i got some pretty amazing photos of Cody today!!! :D
In theory all three of us could be in bed much longer, but I think we all so love our Saturday ritual of togetherness that we don't linger.
it'sa bonfire, turn the lights out
do dat dolla store sell dictionariez?? RT how do u spendd moe den half an hour in a dolla store ? Fa real . .
- #ShitMattSays "I never wanted to be little spoon so bad." re: Javier Bardem
Speaking on cloud computing for libraries at 10:30am E201 International Ballroom West
Saying Selena Is A Slut Is Like Saying Eminem Isn't A Rapper, Like Saying Justin Bieber Isn't Hot StopHateOnSelena
Stop takin #pics wit y'all #phones n da got damn #mirror get sum #pussy have a #bitch do it or smthn
Thank you. Thank you. You're too kind. I'm also available for wakes and children's parties.
Moving day! #uptownhereicome :)
Well, no duh. Any real news, BCS? RT : BCS statement: 8-team playoff and 16-team playoffs both off the table. That's about it.
woo! i'm good with that
Today: Official launch Man in the Glass: The Dale Brown Story. Starring Shaq, McConaughey, John Wooden. Buy it today
#IE9 install. took 5 mins + restart for it to latch the hooks.
Coach Drew liked my shirt! ;D <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> haha
I will get your map updated tonight. Would you be interested in sending a pic or 2 to use for the profile?
as a coach you have to know how to manage a team with all stars am I right ? There's no excuse to fail again as a coach
Tell someone how much you love them and that they matter today.
Why you no visit me, I make you shashlik and vodka. Inspector knows your secrets.
Let me just say that Alley looks completely AMAZING after her weight loss. You go girl!!!
just call when you can. I'm around.
And the winner of the NYC Technovation challenge is... Element Quest!
welcome to the tweeter
Thanks for the RT, I can always use a little help! Stay safe!
I walked home from work last night--or should I say, bounced! Gorgeous evening, Miss Flaneur!
I can understand why Serena is pickin on Lola, she annoys the eff out of me!! Lmao!
And when I said 4, I actually meant 6. Damn. Time flies.
Thanks to dedicated speech-language pathologists in schools, homes, rehabs helping people communicate effectively, improving lives.
This week has been insane, and yet I still feel like I got nothing done...
Has there been entry I missed or is the market "messy and dynamic" just by definition?
RT : Online registration has reopened, there are only a few spaces left. Once we hit 70, we're closed.
Enjoying a nice evening watching the grammys... Might sketch a bit
I absolutely cannot wait for hye mrtsoom like omgbecky gonna be the most epic weekend of all time
is THE MAN!!! NOUGH SAID!!!
I don't have a meet and greet with them. I wish I did. I signed up on their website. I hope I win one.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Midday knock
Time to go workout for the next 3 to 4 hours so i hope everyone enjoys your day and be back on later tonight.
I've always wanted an award with this much honor . <U+263A>
Love is patient
Grad from over seas pick her up at the terminal. Give riches split digits to them girls up in college.
Watching and can't get enough. I swear this is one of the best shows on TV.
“There is only one valid definition of a business purpose: to create a customer.” Peter Drucker
heading to #brimfield in May! So excited!
There's barely a show without ! You gotta go for season 3 xoox
My Brit and Ohio friends are in town--pub crawl later- oh yes this may get sloppy
Once you are able to master the emotions that run your life, everything else falls into place – YOU University
Get in and fill out your bracket! Due tonight and you could win a 32" tv!
whenever for both
RT says Grimes violates a clean campaign pledge, it's whining, but when Repubs complain it's ok?
Ughh this weekend is gunna suck, if I can't go out all!!-___-
Reentry Anonymous (R.A.) online chat meetings to start 3/20/11 every Sun. and Thur. at 9 p.m.: Ex-offender Education. Information. Support.
We do have Burpee.
my Movie my guy on what channel
Me 2 RT : I'm NOT red, i'm Brown. Hmp!
omg. omg. 'kidrauhl makes us wet'... is trending.. lmfao. i'd love to see justin biebers face when he sees that.
I've tried & tried.. Im done .
I'M NOT GONE DO THIS ON TWITTER
My biggest fear
I was an amateur fighter. Physically, I'm not afraid of anyone I work with.
wait, are you really looking for a puppy? I have a friend who is fostering a dog right now.....
Snyder, Bill Walsh, Ingmar Bergman... they go in threes.
Clint for President.
Man I can't wait till football season
Wish this man would not breathe on me
what do you say do you support
Amsterdam preferably.
The Red Sox are on my bad side right now...SMH
alright let me finish my pizza rolls lol
Jaja last night i made pinkey promise that shell dance her ass off... and she did!!!!
I had the same version and when I opened it, it asked me to upgrade & took me to market
Kind of trying to see some sand matches, any Florida teams playing at home this week?
#ThingsIDontGet 1) How can someone be in a relationship with a person who cheats?
#yeeee your toe is very excited
You could always just opt for apples with mustaches. :)
we'll be at spiderhouse tonight if you're antsy and want booze, and also to hang out with level designers AND ITS MA BIRFDAY
pos guys should be grateful we're doing it but then coming is a no,
watching each train go by is like a cup of coffee to my eyes they keep me awake, so I wouldn't have a chance of-
Have you hiked any of your "ways"? We crossed the moors in a hail storm and then hiked along the North Sea. Loved it.
lol dammit Patrick can't you see Spongebob wants the card.
Infrastructure projects are fine but are Kenyans prepared to maintain them? - Daily Nation
good choice. I think she's hilarious on Parks & Rec. I wish I could be as dry and deadpan as she is, but sadly I'm too nice. :)
I have a lot of issues.
I'M DOWN!! LETS DO THIS!
“: Pacers won't win 4 games tho… #anybets? I aint think so”<< bet
yes, yes and yes :) I teach and perform...couldn't have one w/out the other!
Party at jays house this weekend, bring our own drug... puff puff give....
Just a day away for our next 2-Day Sale. These weeks are flying by. Valentines day is just a few days away. Who's ready?
RT : Does a business card count? [i have some duct tape. diy stickers, ftw]
If you holla loud enuff somebody will hear ya
nothin much how you been....
Again I hate to fly but in this business I'am required to travel a lot. And yesterday's scare was a bit much for me.
the public founding is coming from rent of the new stadium by teams not taxes
But I wouldn't mind it being cotton candy flavored... (Sorry Emmie, apparently Jaz and I are very TMI-minded)
Will someone please turn on my snooze button? #UpAllNight so send sleep remedies for Sleepless in #Chicago! #Yawn!
i see,but who's your man ?
I hate waking up early when its still dark out :/
The best compliment ever.. "You are something else"
Kobe salty hahah.
just for everything you've done today and in general Haha (:
Looking forward to finishing this campaign off and Freaking people out.
I DIDN`T HEAR YOU "Lol" .
Than after class. I dream to be you. A geek.
Weird how if you're 75 and you date a girl 20 years younger friends admire you.But if you're 25 and you do it people freak out. Huh?
Happy belated birthday! Miss you & sorry this is a couple days late!
Ima stay locked in this room all day
get back Online DAMN GOOFY.
Your work is beautiful and inspiring
Are you going to Sea Change tonight?
The only reason why I keep my mouth shut is bc I hav a goal in life, a bigger picture, nd I dnt see u in it, so therefore ur nt worth it.
awh bolin is all sweet and adorable
indeed, good times! haven't had the migas at Julio's yet, but am looking fwd to dethroning one of my top 3. thx for the tip
truely sorry I couldnt go to the freshman frenzy :(
I’m not one of those girls who will sit there and let things happen. I’m a girl who will go out and make things happen.
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool imma jack off in class .
A couple of Latin Restaurants on 161st as you walk toward Grand Concourse.
It is said the #thatcamp gods are capricious and vengeful so thank you for the suggestion.
The #teaparty fights for the rights of the 1% that they're not even a part of. #occupywallstreet fights for the rights of the other 99%.
yeah brah, 2nd floor silencio section behind the elevators it would be an honor
Damnit ND needs to break this press coverage.
6 days till BTW Anniversary so excited
I'll smoke u again
Happy mothers day to my twitterless momma <3
duh? duh? "Panic, confusion aboard sinking cruise ship" --CNN
lol me too, it was perfect, pale, green eyes, and pink hair, how could that cat not be me?
We just went on a nation wide donut run. Infinite in Ohio & in NYC. 2 fat fucks.
Lord, give me patience. For if you give me strength, I'm going to need bail money to go with it.
I'm pretty sure Fleury is stoned.
2nd that! RT : Dear , I have three words for you: Multiple Accounts, please.
omg please tell me about it!! Like what you love and dont and the people and places to go!?! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
is wearing a slayer shirt in the first episode of rediculousness. What, u don't make sense
cuz I was in my car.
RT : "It's a funny thing about life; if you refuse to accept anything but the best, you very often get it." Somerset Maugham”
the more the merrier.
"The more I learn about people, the more I love my dog"
thanks Mike!
just saw hesher. Amazing movie dude! Loved it. Hope u do more movies!
hahhaha well I was stood next to you for quite a bit so ;p
I support u. Stay strong, humble, and continue to learn from the past to become better.
All You Do Is Lie So What Am I To Believe. -GoodnIghtt
Hey guys! Guess what? I just startED my couch to 5k training. Past tense. W00t
The shop will be down for a few days! Sorry for the inconvinience!
I wanna see Ed Sheeran live
: #TEDxABQ is the place to be today! #abq I agree!
always leery of YouTube comments, but we'll check them out.
According to our research today, we don't appear to have been the 1st regional to top $100
asking about an announcement before it's announced? That's a paddlin'.
Terrible news about Derrick Rose, one player can change everything
I know. Beer free week.
Skydiver says HARO will always remain free. He asked me to say that.
Overheard: I'm a nun right now. Until further notice.
Dos Equis Special Lager.....Bottles just $2 right now. Live Music starts at 9 with the talented
#RomCon FFP Dine-in - The Rules: Thou shalt express approval by tapping a spoon on the table. Clapping of hands will not be tolerated.
Yoooo.. Black girl with short blonde hair.... You can't be making with your dude on the train... And looking at me at the same time....
Thanks Christopher! Keep up the good work. Raku is a killer processes!
From our families to yours, have a wonderful holiday!
You just starred in the newest episode of Extreme Couponing on TLC
anyway we might be able to incorporate in those classes Todd? :)
I need more sleep ..<U+E13C>
I like 2 years for Finley. The guy is only 24 and now gets to prove he has decent hands without the Pack tying up $ in a long term deal
what's a postcard on twitter?
Just got hired for a new job and will be building a website for the Rose Island Road marina! Exciting stuff!
Why talj when people don't care or listen? Do you!
fell in sand & got it stuck to him xDDD
LOVE my new Mac Book Pro too, it's the BEST!! I don't think I can ever go back to a PC :o)
you are adorable in your little graduation outfit. AND THE TEARS STREAM DOWN MY FACE!!!
“: How was everyone's day” Great! How about yours?(:
I swear to God Khalil sound exactly like Chris Brown <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><U+263A>
be jiggling at the wrong moments
Such a weird tweet.. “: “: S/o all the #BeautifulBlackMen who have pretty feet. I love y'all.” I love you too”
If you don't like me why do you talk too me ??
NO INSIDE VOICE!
Hey and thanks for the RTs!
how about a tape model of miller park? you should be a regular there in a few
Pletcher has won 26 NYRA meet titles and was the leading trainer on the circuit in 2011, 2010, 2004 and 2003.
Didn't see that tweet in Schefters timeline re: Fins. When was that? Removed?
I'm bringing sexy back .(;
Coconut greek yogurt and coconut water were purchased in my house today
SIx-hour fantasy baseball draft is in the books.
Congratulations! You'll love it. Medill Power!
awww. what time do you normally get up? here in afghanistan, i work 9am to 9pm, wake up at 7:30am. Ugh.
was we supposed to be playing somewher tomorrow before sharrahs thing?
Hi Michael, thanks for following me, would you have an interest in a free recruiting tool to grow your numis business?
I ALWAYS get stuck behind the SLOWEST PPL <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
WHAT THE FUCK JUST HAPPENED.
I wanna see a photo! Love that poster
So I finished editing now I need a song for my Star Wars video so it will be done!
mlg is the best thing that's happened to halo, ever. I'm frightened at the thought of what could happen if it got sacked.
My husband had a vasectomy yesterday and his balls are enlarged, so I need to stay home and help him ice them.
Fire Ant and Soldier Ant (c) d. Young Bucks when Fire Ant pins Matt with the Beach Break.
ordering Daddy's Delight now - thanks for sharing!
Thanks! Lol. I have problems drawing back legs for some reason.
Tacos today. Another great day to enjoy our patio!
scorching hot!!! ;)
It is weird that Anzalone's bother belongs to a PSU site and was providing live-updates of his visit to OSU.
Not sure how I'm feeling about #lesnar back in yet.Said some pretty cold things before, but whatever's good for business I guess?
If you do not offer a Fish Fry you will not be getting my business this evening.
I think if you drink enough your brain starts photoshoppin people. Lmao
rough life
Worst name for a band in the digital era ... "Porn".
nah...I actually don't have any music on it...
Rob D and Ann. Makeup game tomorrow morning?
Life gives answer in 3 ways. It says Yes & gives u what u want, it says no and gives u something better, it says wait and gives u the Best!
The #TurkishHammer from downtown!
eating sum turkey ;D then gunna shoot sum hoops ^.< wanna join ?
I think normal tix are 40 something plus tax idk
Lmfao!! I can send them but I can't see them!
The JFG program High School continues to focus on college placement
Yes 10pm! What else would ur biggest fan b doing ;)
You rock Cesar \m/
My baby crawled for the first time today!!
Not staying in the house today
Sorry for the unfollow! But if you wanna talk hs/college sports or recruiting info we're game!
In and out of Austin for 20 years and finally experiencing my first ACL! Kayne & Coldplay tonight!
Doesn't anybody remember laughter?
Arena Football is coming back next year. We are going to by season tickets to see the Georgia Force.
i need to get noticed by simonandmartina omfg god please bless me with just this :"C
Special Olympics((:
Americans will vote for ANYONE over Obama? Let's bring Hitler back to run against Obama. American ignorance is amazing!
I know Rite They Make It Look Like They Never Had Acne A A Teenager
another hackweek. another most-awesome-day-of-my-working-career.
There are times when people need kind words, but then there are times when they need a bat to the head.
lucky. I forget which white guys you're thinking about focusing on research-wise?
I haven't heard of . Will check it out!
My hands are itching for the chance
he might be done for life
perfect! “: Wait! i just got this!! I want to take a snowy pic with u!! lets take fun ones in denver tomorrow! #prsawdc”
Again 's Scanabego! John Palfrey helps fill the #DPLAwest bingo card
Hey! Definitely! Thanks a lot! Hang in there, we're answering emails in order. You'll hear from us this afternoon!
puerta rican or Mexican there's a difference ;)
LOL. NP. I saw Sean followed you too! How cool!
No Foxtel or Bigpond Internet here in Melbourne suburbs. Two days now.
oh I assumed we have a standing invite to all class & events. Forever. Right?
Even though I promised myself I wouldn't risk the chance of getting hurt again, for some reason, when Im with you, its seems worth it.
Thanks again to for organizing & moderating "Large Ent. Social Media pros Untie!" Very informative & fun to talk shop.
Mondays dressed up as Tuesdays are sneaky
thank you!
I wish someone would bring me some breakfast tacos, I'm starving <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I believe in God's plan of Salvation through Christ Jesus!
were in the same boat but we gonna work on it
Shopping & Lunch with
so either go to a wegmans in 315 or tell them you're from there.
I walk into the room... dripping in gold.
John been on Blake all night!
“: don't murder people...it's just way too hard to cover up ...waaayyyy...”
My 3000th tweet goes to my Miami Heat #LetsGoHeat #LetsGoHeat #HeatNation let's win this game
Are you buying a children's book for a special child or the child inside this Christmas?
this voucher business for Cardiff away sounds like a ball ache next weekend. Do we have to show photo ID to get the ticket?
already know!
Answer: "I woke up on the floor surrounded by Taco Bell wrappers and porn playing on loop." Question: "How drunk did you get last night?"
Looking back, I realize I saw a lot more than I should have as a kid.
We are taking a quick break. Pause for the cause.
Legal document server, Sacramento, CA. Call 916-509-0677
that requires me to shower and get dressed. so much work. im lazy in the bones.
Denver, Colorado
Gingers are my favorite.
I kno it's a song, yet it's still impossible
2 DAYS LEFT for our food drive!! Clean out those pantries! 3 canned goods = 1 free med coffee. Let's support our food bank!
‘Give it here malfoy or i’ll knock you off your broom
are they really?!?!?! HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA
Yeah. I really hope he gets reelected and turns into Hulk Obama and just kicks ass.
... That song will now be stuck in my poofy head all day. LoL
My mom just made hot dogs, hamburgers, and bacon for dinner. Someone feed me something I can eat please.
I see you
Thank you too bro! Have a good weekend :-)
Your CD pic cover is awesome. Found Access a couple days ago. Already working wonders and your music is an added bonus:-)
yes, we did, someone will follow up today!
ok, Im feeling calmer.
I know I'm probably late to the party, but Board of Man on is effing sweet, Bro
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Everytime I ask u 2 come out u always have a reason as to y u cnt.I try!Mayb u should just say ok instead of excuses grumpy:P
First drink is on me !
When are the crowds wrong?
I have like 2 or 4 #twittercrush is that a good or bad thing haha
aww yeah!! can you help trend :)
Work it. Lucky I'm not your professor ;-)
Anyone know how to make a mixtape cd or mixtape online?
u from Dallas i seen those legs b4
Good to know its passing! We've still got thunder and darker skies in Milwaukee.
we've been here always! How are you?
Ever Tried. Ever Failed. No Matter. Try Again. Fail Again. Fail Better.
Check the score board
While in Czestochowa, my grandmother saved her brother's life by hiding him during a transport selection.
Indeed; a perpetual talkback of the most informative order.
whats up?! How are you?
It's not unfollowing. Maybe like 2 people rather than the over 100 I clicked on to unfollow. Any advise would help. Thanks!
nope nothing wrong...it will drop pending status once the offer closes later in week. thnx for tweeting out the deal.
GM | Work & Pandora Gospel Station flow
Watching father ted with mam:)
Good tip Kim. Technology has the marketplace evolving so quickly that it's often difficult to keep up.
Just spent half an hour in congestion on Bigelow Boulevard for no fucking reason. I'm beyond pissy.
Went to the Grove last night!!!!
Please LIAM FOLLOW ME<3
Lights out Z
I am a fan because is a true role model and is truly talented she loves and appreciates her fans is totally beautiful #P ...
What do you mean? This is #peakproductivity hours for #gradstudents!
": Here we go again! ": Nerlens Noel picks Kentucky""
What position do u play?
With the odds being about 1 in 175,711,536, you could argue you get about a $3 value if you get a $1 ticket this week.
Stayed up to watch that Buccos game, only the be disappointed by a blind ump #Jerry Meals ... What was that?
wow - it's heating up in tandem with this weather!
About to check it out now.
hey thanks for the follow ;) have you checked out our music yet!?
Finding a real woman in this day and age is hard as hell
Apple just sent me an email that said 'Surprise Mom with the New iPad!' Bitch yea right! I love my mom but not that damn much.
bring it to the us n i will
thank you
Woot! Next year I get to work w/ rural teachers to bring univ. history course to their schools. Trout Lake, Brewster, Oroville here I come.
RT : How many Djs out there don't have the K Le Pasa remixes??!? Yo!
#MegaIIN Where is David Wolfe's farm?
We are planning to launch our new website mid-August!
I mean that Monica
Puppies for adoption at Paw Naturals! 1pm - 3pm
Note to self: next time you grocery shop for an Easter feast, its probably not a good idea to bike...
i'm graduating next month with honors!!!
is getting interviewed for #Star #Wars documentary next weekend!
Excuse me while i watch myself some Percy. :)
add/like/befriend/welcome Western Scene.
Booze, Bitches, and Bubble Gum
You're welcome Lily Gillies. You deserve best :)
lol i only spoke the truth
Thanks for the <3, Susan!!
Sorry, my jackassery got a little out of hand there.
well I was standing on the corner of Winslow Arizona. Such a fine sight to see.
My kinder child uses one at home so not sure why it should be different in the classroom.
Thank you!
Honestly, Pitt, you gave up and I'm more than a little disgusted. Not like it might've been the last brawl or anything. Sheesh.
May the best opinion win.
Richard, thanks for following I'd love to send you a copy of the Horns & Rhythm-Retro Hymns project next week.
Sometimes I feel bad for thugs when I realize they can't enjoy a cup of hot cocoa with a bunch of marshmallows without risking street cred.
Holy *bleeping* spider on my arm!!!!!!!
RT : Stoked for the Passport Party taking place this weekend at the ! Thanks to !
awesome article, I coached against the '99-'03 teams.. insane combo of mental toughness and talent!
People who talk shit to you, usually talk shit about you.
Diddy Kong aka Carlos Marmol better get it done!
Thank you much for the #FBLT shout outs!
how were tmbg! I've been sick for a week, missed them...
YOU ALREADY CHECK OUT THE OFFICIAL VIDEOS HIT ME FOR ANYTHING
Holiday shopping brings out the idiots in masses.
Moved the TV out of the bedroom because the doc says it could be contributing to the insomnia. So... yeah, sleeping on the couch tonight.
Hey which shorts are you seeing today?
at the altar? ok.
How often do u hear white girls say "I so need a tan, I'm so pale" LOL
100 users...ring the bell!
Thanks Cuzo! RT I got it in the house I will send it to you
"You've got to get to the stage in life where going for it is more important than winning or losing."
Carb loading with and at
Blood and crip??? What????
not funny but i enjoy being lovingly annoying..you know you love it...right?
Why is it so hard for ppl to understand that space is the key thing to a clear mind???
#Facebook fan-gating is working again (for Pages with Timeline using custom tabs)
ass ass ass ass stop anyome got some chickens wings,p a nigga dehydrated!
RT : A neutrino walks through a bar.
Some days end the right way...not sure what the right way is exactly, but the feeling is more important than the reality!
Someone give me a good #TT to go in on.......
i think im in love with the blues brothers now.
I can't reach my mom I am walking home to log in
Death Cab For Cutie, Britney Spears Aren't The First To Sport Light-Up Fashion
Oh Melo I'm not a fan of NY but you are one gorgeous man...please beat the heat
My Heart Will Go On!!
the something else is my creative mind thinking or new ideas/ventures :)
who wants to see The Kildares with me? Anyone?
Thought we had skool today
We do too! RT : You bet! I love farmers market season.
We've got a great Sunday Facebook fan & Twitter follower special lined up tomorrow. Show us you are a fan/follower on your phone to collect!
What's the big deal about same sex marriage? It's LOVE, ain't it? Let them live
first day on twitter.. lets see wht the fuss about..
I'll come to your news house and burn it before you move there.
dont date someone who cant trust in you.
that's pretty legit writing xD! were did you get that pen :O!
and also a special thanks to anyone that came out and supported me hosting at webber's last nite it was alot of fun.
To guy outside library in the middle of nowhere: "The library's closed." "Really? That's gay." "You win this time..."
Never #regret. If it’s good, it’s wonderful. If it’s bad, it’s experience ~Victoria Holt
too bad his children are too old to think he's super cool for hanging out with Elmo. (Or maybe they're not?)
I'm class I hate smart substitutes u a sub for a reason u don't know nothing nor and u teach
Downloaded Pandora yesterday..
Whats on the Lunch Menu Today?
I love this one: "To be a good loser is to learn how to win." - Carl Sandburg
happy birthday!
Matador soon? Bring Alison T, , and rest of the crew?? Miss you guys!!
This is why Mizz and KS don't scare me, neither can finish or stop anyone
so, so sad. One of the greats.
Bennett: text as bodies that light up by rending human perception more acute
yea thnks man it seems guys can't make teams? Everybody thinks this is a chick team? Wtf
hey Claire
I think it's time to go to the pool.
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Are your materials consistent with your brand? PowerPt templates? Soc media profiles? Nametags? Videos?
Today is like the opposite of what a birthday should be...except I'm still getting older.
resting my arms
yes! Are you gonna tickle my feet?
harharhar, i got to sit at home and tan all day.
When you have to choose between getting it done and getting it perfect, get it done. Don't let the desire for perfection be an excuse for n…
I'm feeling guddddd.....
Hanging out with the biggest loser tomorrow ,
You locked both the cats in the bathroom. Sprite is traumatized.
For those art friends who have not not check out I highly recommend it, really cool art + tech!
Great! I'll take a look. Thanks. Sorry I didn't know.
The greatest adventure of her life. Because the last time wasn't.
#VenezuelaEsloMejorDelMundo Oh Yeah Babe!
Wasn't that that made those?
I watch on the website
unintentionally starting to conceptualize McLuhan as the plebeian Derrida of new media
her phone got taken away but I'll let her know
I hate that part. Glad it's not there! (Maybe it got cut because of the late start.)
“: RT : Ex 5-star Michigan DB recruit Demar Dorsey will play for Hawaii this yr.” son of a bitch!!!!
Brock: "my favorite baseball player is Tony Romo and my favorite football plar is Josh Hamilton."
Can't wait for this autograph-tastic weekend to start. Waukesha Sportscards today and tomorrow. On Deck on Sunday.
The first responsibility of a leader is to define reality. The last is to say thank you. In between, the leader is a servant. -Max Depree
Da next pair of Jay's I'm buying are my gf 4's nd my playoffs.
As told by the British.
Its called a bathroom break. Is that why Nathan missed 70% this year?
Congrats to Jo beth Locklear who just booked Criminal Minds!!!
to precious.
Osteo-arthritis Treatment method: Ways to Treat Psoriatic Arthritis ...
good :) prolly more her then me but that's okay lol, what u dm her bout?
These new cancer themed spam twitter accounts are especially depressing.
I just have to believe nd keep the
."This is our Entrepreneur hour, our InnovateMaryland hour, our InvestMaryland hour" <--indeed #startups make MD great
At times Joseph Conrad admires Africans. Except, in the way you'd admire a tiger. Which is to say, something inhuman. What a big ol' racist.
- " Wanna Control Em All i Caint Even Control Me ."
hahahaha one day if im bored ill make a whole song and singi it and put it on youtube aaha
Friends, please check out our new Webisode name 'DLife The Series" starring Drew Waters and Timothy Doty. Subscribe on YouTube and go viral!
PS: , very much looking forward to your gathering in Portland on April 11th!
Gudda stoppin threw check my latest mixtape out on datpiff Slay an leave a comment or download it wat ever
oh on the picture in my best Eva
would recommend getting someone on site to take care of that for you, i can sched for you if you like.
DM me your number again haha
It hurts. My braket
I was going to buy a book on phobias, but I was afraid it wouldn't help me.
why aren't you at school? D: I'm telling!
Would anyone like to do a skype interview/conversation about ESL teaching? Send me a message for details #ESL, #EFL,
...dude iz hot n killn' the hook to his own track! i mean seriously, da nigga made a beat usin' hair clippers! #dudeis2good!
Grande Peppermint Mocha with soy to start the morning off right.
all are sound reasons
that was a big ass thump from that crotch kick
what happened to your fb???
Eleanor Roosevelt kept busy with the "Over the Coffee Cups" radio show in 1941. "Get More Out of Life with Coffee."
I feel like I'm the only black person looking at any of these sites. Full-disclosure: I'm not part of the hip-hop generation or whatever.
let us know how we can help! Thnks
I don't watch much bb anymore but try to catch this game. Reminds me of ACC intensity during 70's and 80's...
We sold out of vendor space!
just incase ur not in school tomorrow can i has ur gym locker combo? lol
Attended Mass at Old St Marys
Never got so many phone numbers in one day
5 more days
thanks! Please tell all your friends about us!!
$29 Service Call, Fast Response. 24/7 Emergency Service Licensed Local Locksmith call now 619-335-7969 Lost Keys? Locked out? We can help!
your welcome, just call it like I see it.
i didnt know my RT had so much effect on my #TWATCHERS bruh...let it go !!!! its a inside joke cool it.
Just climbed up a gigantic hill. Fighting the urge to roll down it.
eating you :D?
Lol @ cutting our neighbors tree. Even though she clearly told us, she'd call the cops if we ever touch her tree again.
": xo .. I want a lot of goodmorning tweets when I wake up" goodmorning big daddy primo lmfaoo (:
Finally back home. Where I belong<3
Where did they host big conferences on campus before WID and the new Union South?
LIFE OF THE CLUB... ARROGANT LIKE YEAH!
It's never too late
Happy Holidays from all of us ! Awesome win for the Bulls! Derrick Rose...#MVP :)
Stopped by parents to get things out of attic for them. Going up, see Black Widow spider, think "cool!" Going down, fuckers gone, PANIC!
": Heaven is PERFECT because there are no black people."this stupid bitch :-)
I just fueled a fire lol
Vagina Monologue rehearsal today and of Montreal at Webster Hall tonight! Woo!
": NBA fines Delonte West $25K for poking Gordon Hayward in the ear." It was in the spirit of the stooges. Give him a break!
Closing session of #tcbsm4hr Day 1: SoMe adoption resistance? Dig age not coming - it's here. Worry not about ROI but COI - cost of inaction
Wishing everyone a fun a SAFE holiday weekend!!
when you bringing the new blood in? I'm out at 6 today. Don't be a stranger either or I'll send someone over to cockpunch you.
Austin ISD takes the crown for a second time - the first question is can they three-peat?
What's the deal with growing full beards in the #NBA #nowadays?
What'd you get?
well except for the triple jump. We both know who has the real hops here...
Epic week: 3 screenings of # DETENTION, # OCCUPYMIDIAN is growing daily, THE DEVILS CARNIVAL sucked, and #RSD 2012 got the rest of my $ :)
lmao we silly as hell
Don't allow a 3 , don't foul them in the act of shooting and rebound the ball. #NBAPlayoffs #Defense #Knicks !
OMFG. I SAID THAT TO MY FRIEND AND HE SAID LE GASP. I AM NOT SHAKESPEARE I AM SPEARESHAKE LMFAOO
Insomnia has its privileges. #Angels Jered Weaver tosses a No-Hitter! #Caps lose to #Rangers go to triple overtime. What a night.
ahh it's AMAZING!! So are the Philly boutiques. In love!
Ha! If we ever have a meeting of the minds, remind me to have it at an off-site location ;)
Hope likes all the pictures , and I left on her phone...hahaha
I think about this all the time when news sites ask readers "What do you think?" then show no interest in the answers.
I couldn't agree more babe :)
AWESOME RT Just got off the phone with Cherie Currie "The Runaways"
I have to stay away from bike stores, Peter Sagan is convincing me that the Cannodale Supersix evo is prettiest bike going.
In final contemplation stage: paper on unintentional archives of cultural production on corporate content-sharing platforms.
Prevention is better than cure. Desiderius Erasmus
named "Star of the Year" for most 3 Stars of the Game at 56th Annual Awards Evening.
Being nice sucks....it gets you ignored and taken advantage of
Check you email
Ima Put It Back On There Fam It Really Go Tho Its On My Mixtape
Gruyere, so delicious! BTW I am so in for a field trip to Cheesetique.
It's scary to realize how much one year can change you
Not a dilemma! Be associate, I say.
That is scary. Who knew it was so prevalent? I bet I even have that in my school!
True but you're showing us how to :) And also sketching up sweet notes and pictures to make it easier for us lay folk to get it
My mom said that no man was worth going to jail for. I beg to differ because Chicago taught me that he had it comin'.
I agree!
y is it so late
Our waiter literally just said 'I FUCKED UP' when we asked him about my meal he forgot to put in...
I saw Al Jaffee speak the other night in Philly, he said all rights to Superman were sold by Siegel/Shuster for $65. ;(
Apps that connect/replace med devices may be subject to regulation or review by FDA.
I gotta C.R.U.S.H. on you, I love me some you : )
NO WE DONT HAVE MUCH TIME IM PANICKING IVE GOT SO MUCH TO DO IN SO LITTLE TIME AND IM GONNA BE SO OLD
Atlanta got smashed
Three days in a row without rain in Melbourne fingers crossed.
Think like a man at midnight! Im in there..
Keep checking my e-mail hoping for more info to do #readersadvisory exercise. Uber-excited about using these tools for the first time
Forgot to bring sunscreen for my lips and emerged from the desert looking like Garry Shandling.
RT if u are urself or know someone in Houston who will be dressed to #heaux.... err, kill & attract Aubrey at tomorrow's Club Paradise show
and sitting in a tree....something something SCDP. OK, it's late.
BE OUR VALENTINE. come to the wooden teeth tuesday meeting, 8pm, in monroe 114.
Yes I did!
Two exams are the only thing that stand between me and the end of my freshman year...Challenge accepted <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I am happy to report the chairs have been fixed with 2 braces to hold them in the position you set.
Drooling, huh? Remind me not to go near the coffee after Berkeley has been there.
RT : In 1980 we elected an actor and got a leader. In 2008 we thought we elected a leader but got an actor.
Happy Doctor's Day!!! cares!!!
Over a million signatures! 6000 from my mom's hometown alone!
This soda >>
The question is, are you going out tonight?
wow, I'm super jealous.
Fabulous! Working on the tags now. :) Pink Wiggle Butts coming right up!
Slow going North of 106th on Keystone. Ambulance and firetruck on the left side.
I'm surprised you're even questioning yourself on that one.... Go celebrate!!
Getting Ready For This Play Im Part Of In Feburary...Ima Actor/Rapper/Teacher/Entertainer....I Can Do It All!!
uh, I'd have to say Jodee :)
So proud of our show tonight! Im so happy and grateful!!! Thank you so much for your support !!! See ya tomorrow ;)
RT : Alignment doesn't mean agreement on everything. It means agreement to move forward with where you're at today.
No, I mean, go to coffee shops and sit and talk. Go out to dinner together. Walk around the city without a destination.
but aren't ya glad ya stuck with it??
Daily suppressive therapy for symptomatic #herpes can reduce transmission to partners.
Middle finger 2 my past
They're selling The Communist Manifesto This place is run by Marxists!
thanks so much for the pledge! Xo
Shared joy is double joy, shared sorrow is half sorrow. Swedish Proverb
No power = time for
Kill with self. Swagger.not.the real tv versions like.ur.thinking.of.
What a shame that the auto place is right next to the mall ;)
Moderation in all things...except Pizza!!!
When girls are in love they come up with every excuse to cover up what they bf do....smh
Celebrating accomplishments of local volunteers who have contributed to 20 years of "Volunteer Fairfax" -- at Service Awards breakfast.
so i just saw one of our tweets made it into 's favorite and we thought he forgot about us . <3
You Bomb Like Atomic <3
I miss you to! Of course! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
is my favorite weather girl!
For now on, my signature is Quarta Lope *S.B.S.E.* Just know DATT!!!!!
thanks for being gracious. :) And I'm so thankful you found us and are getting connected so quickly. Hope you're encouraged!
Meant to be!!!
Mathematically speaking, anything at all is more than zero
Hello, How do we submit a press release for consideration?
Looking for a wedding planner? DM me :•]
Did I drive you away? I know what you'll say, you'll say someone you know. But I promise you this, I'll always look out for you.
Cool Linda, your the best!!! Say hi to everyone please!! Let's party sometime!
is that a real dog?
Is Charlie's Barber Shop still in Chesapeake?
Good morning conference attendees! We hope you are looking forward to a day devoted to Tenn-Share Delivers.
et al You tweeps are turning me into a fanboy-the phone, the 'book, the new iPad, the home PC is starting to get dusty - dang! ;)
Had to duck out early from great "After English" panel to catch a flight back to DFW. out. Til next time
"Midnight in Paris" now $54.1 US, $107.1 global... so far.
That site is amazing.
We better burn while your out here dude!!
We better be. Prepping for 2012 all year.
Platform litmus test: has growth, potential, your audience uses it & wants you there.
is that even a question?! YES OF COURSE!!!
national cable news reporting from Long Beach which is good but local news has better updates from long island
I wish I could punch lakers fans in the face. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
text me
Merry Christmas hockey fans! <3
QoTD: "A determined person doesn't find it hard to succeed; they find it hard to stop trying." (Allen Steble)
I just want 8flavahs to go home. no offense. I just don't like them.
lol I hear u
With , looking forward to hearing what Jeff and Steve have to say.
Don't fall asleep. Seriously, that was the problem when I used to try it years ago.
Have you seen the Narnia one yet?
Everyday its something new.....Smh!!
I just booked treehouse for first time yesterday, staying there before cruise on the Dream this November...can't wait
I miss you too lady!!
Heres to a good weekend!
- Flory speaks on Volunteer Management in room 11-13 @ 2:15 today! You know she's amazing, grab a snack and kick back!
Thanks for the follow <3
Happy Mothers Day to all the amazing moms out there! <3
I'm certain that I've given and oh how you can take there's no use in you looking there's nothing left for you to break
I really want a kitten
thank you for the RT! hope you enjoyed the article
just got on . Went to the CBS site your looking at . This could be a very short window for the video . Get them in
Guilty on all 15 counts sounds just right to me.
All the guys should have left.
I know so yep cum on wit it
Now a member of Alliance Repertory Company.
I wish!! Make me proud! haha
I dropped Pomeranz for Alex White in my leagues. Seems like a totally fair tradeoff.
glad you like the new dining room! Thx for spreading the love!
thank u! My birthday was May 1st
Watching Paranormal Activity 2 HOLY CRAP.
Yay to and team for their advocacy of cage-free data...
Shout out to my new Chi-town faves! & our family at ! Can't be beat!
The topic will cover how organizations can utilize SMS and Near Field Communications (NFC) in their mobile marketing efforts.
My son Bob loves it.
dm's..please reply. Seriously. :o
Let's go Cincinnati!!! #WVU loves ya!!!
I wanna go play in the rain <U+2614><U+2614>
Seemingly, you're never more desirable than when you're happily in a relationship with someone.
Thanks a lot!
WHY CAN'T I HAVE NICE THINGS? (Oh yeah cause I fuck them immediately)
Did this nigga just say Black Widow was better than Captain America -_-
well, you won't see Democrats complaining. Palin vs Clinton 2016?
nah he a bitch though
Finally watching last weeks glee episode
Less people are joining me at the bar for #dubstep Monday & playing Diablo instead -___- #getyourprioritiesstraight <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><U+270C>
Getting' ready to swing it tonight! #jazz starts at 7:30 in the O bar
oh man i just saw a squirel raping another squirel, I know it was getting raped, because the squirel was blowing her rape whistle
now you are talking! Food and art!
Early voting begins tomorrow at 441 4th St. NW! Mark your calendar and be sure to cast your write in vote for Adrian #Fenty for
100 years ago today James Cameron directed Titantic.
Better in time <3
Senior pix tomorrow instead of Marta ugh
dont play cam wow you were caught little buddy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Live and let live.
so from what i see, last nights show was amazing! too bad i live in chicago, maybe ill have to fly out to arizona for a show..
F-L-O-R-I-D-A S-T-A-T-E..... Florida State, Florida State, Florida State... WHO!!!!! Big Basketball & Baseball Wins. Great day 2 B a NOLE!
Tat in 2 weeks turn 16 in a few days an a job at KI (: Let's go #hyped for my tat(: <3
yeah Kornelia just told me! Is it with other bands too?
Thanks so much for #FF! I appreciate you! Have a wonderful weekend:)
I wanna get it.
only if you bought a legit copy
Drake ain't fell off! Hands down!
few really know what you are
Your welcome.(:
Happy Birthday !!! xoxo
liv's party was so much fun <3 bonfire was amazing (:
Congrats Jerome !!!
Out in #Berkeley ready for #DWCsf!
Obama would never put a dog on top of a car. Dries out the meat
Artichokes are my favorite food EVER! I like them stuffed, but even more just plain (steamed or boiled) w/ melted
things to do in wichita ks must see
I been in next month
live in NLR tonight!
: smartphone use pervasive; think ROI, align expectations, control the communications chaos
on a yellow bus going down the west side highway. last time this happened was middle school.
How do you make your day more interesting?
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid i didnt care about what i would wear.
Have you purchased any of the weapons featured on our show? Which one(s)?
Jim Winkler is giving a great presentation at our #gc2012 class at
Conversations with God
i refuse to believe you actually just said "go patriots"
I'm so happy.
Hell of a red shirt freshman. Come on OSU!
Hahha- Vanilla Bean ice-cream and Orange Crush! But I'm now onto alcoholic creations. That was delish though!
At Luis' pad about to play some soccer
So much work to do, and it's sunny out. Outside > Inside today, think I will enjoy it while it lasts.
I'm not telling you any more things! You just told me everything. Okee Dokee.
lol great for who???
My main points of agreement were: 1) there's nothing wrong w/making a profit in education & 2) we can do e-learning much better.
GLD Alert! Falls below $180... Yikes!
I totally felt the same way! It took me less than 10 min!!!
LOL you both are too funny :D
PLEASE HELP ME GET JUSTIN TO FOLLOW ME!
People are shitty.
ohh okay now i understand, i read ur tweet wrong, sorry
I guess you and I share that unique and rarely discussed disorder called "cacographobia"...:)
Your Welcome (: !
All this talk about Cam and Andy reminds me of all the talk last year about Josh and Sam...so how are those 2 doing now?
Hi this is ToriRoseee and I was wondering if you caller me during you Ustream??
Just had
I put the fun in dysfunctional :)
We change, we grow up, we fuck up, we love, we hurt, we're teenager, we still learning.
adam and christina got pretty heated in the finale of
What the heck is "fried cheese"?!
Reading Jung's Map of the Soul: An Introduction. A very user-friendly introduction to Carl Jung's view of our inner landscape. Mind blowing!
*smiles* but he's always been a good guy, as long as I've known him. I know he was diff before but he's eonderful
plug n play
I'm working up a TLC post on this but, yeah, I'd have no problem giving him a look at DH. It couldn't hurt.
Makin weird noises with
2012 film watching! #64. Let's Scare Jessica To Death (Hancock, 1971). Not sure what to make of this. Average horror film.
Envy causes you to secretly celebrate someone's failure. Repent and believe your season of favor is coming.
#Conan love the miniature set! Even the TBS symbol on my screen is miniaturized! LOL
Why go to 3D movies when you can go to live theatre!
Building Services Engineer/Building Services Co-ordinator | Jobs in ...
Gooldy nice shout out this AM
My dad is kind of stressing me out, I didn't charge my ipod and he wants to take pictures with it.
did you get my package?
ATTENTION ALL MAHOMIES:: GET TO NUMBER ONE ON KEEK!!!
if u got dope beats and want to be paid!!!! ASAP send em this way
When I get a Lambo one day you can ride in it just so you can ask me "Do you RUB yo Leatha!" lol
Every man needs a women when his life's a mess, Because just like the game of chess. The queen protects the king <3
this is not funny just burt my towel from the only dallas playoff game won in the last 20 years
Have a great night
"If you say Beloit slowly, it sounds like an underwater fart." - Graham Provencher Seems like a realistic comparison to me.
Hey Collin! Great picture! Looks like you had a very special V-day!
Thank you! You can always count on us! Have a wonderful day!
I just need somebody to love.
"you treat me just like another stranger, well it's nice to meet you sir."
Just saw a huge truck load of signs going up on Pomerado. Won't be long before they have company.
Best teacher I ever had was always learning from students new strategies to solve math problems
get some sleep girl
do your followers "listen" to you if you tell them to follow someone?
I hate when uses for shipping, , are better. UPS is absolutely useless.
Wow!!! That was a deep encounter! I wish I went to one of these at least once a month
that's my favorite episode of season 1 but I don't like when Emily falls! lol
i love
happy mother's day to my wonderful mother. She is the strongest woman I know after every single thing she has gone through and endured.
David from Texas says I will definitely come back
u have skewl already?
Watching west side story for the first time xD
's Kenya AA was tasting exceptionally good this morning.
JULIA we're going to miss you so much!! x
People ain't who they say they is.
thanks for the #whatsnextDC tweets!
I want to see shuttle Discovery land at Dulles tomorrow!
": I know who is." Lots of people do haha
I would say the Packers...Rogers is on a mission and they pair up well with any team. They just beat to good NFC teams
#Rockies Troy Tulowitzki injures left knee (struck by line drive standing near dugout ) in #Giants game tonight (via )
I always make a point to put seat and lid both down. If I have to lift it damn it, then so does she!
can't believe I finished all the things I had to do for today...going out wins again
New Amsterwaukee ... We'd become a tourist destination if it was legal; people could go 2clubs and Restaurant that cook with it
RT : Who do you have in the NC game tonight - #Jayhawks or #Wildcats? I'll take #MSU :)
an while u at it tell the warden I said fuk his bitch ass!!
Seeking REAL PUBLICITY for your brand? PRodigy Groupe is taking on New Entertainment/Lifestyle clients! Email for consultation!
This one time at my track meet...
I hate it when I have to see people go through what I've had to go through. It's heart wrenching.
Ugh! Can't sleep!
The pain of addiction, homelessness can be avoided if kids get love & mentors. Check out
The greatest discovery of my generation is that human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes of mind. William James
Feels so very alive, after that thorough workout.
Being crazy is the only thing that gets me though the day<3.
working on set designs and presentation graphics for
RT I love dipping stuff in nutella almost as much as I love dipping stuff in ranch
we hope you enjoy the Q and A from our co producer
grow tf up.
ERRA pandora station :o
it's still on their menu.
really? Tell me more. cc
Yay for showering! woo!
THIS MIGHT BE MORE FUN TO TWEET FROM SINCE I'M FUCKING IRRITATED AS ALL HOLY HELL
aren't ready to be comitted
Hi Brian.
ug, kill me now. BUMMED!
I'm never on Twitter anymore O.o
RT and Follow if you love T-shirts, Tank Tops, beaters , Hats and Hoodies! Thanks!
When Mrs. Knapp buys us Starbucks coffee and breakfast >>>
Found you on Twitter!
Enough said RT “: Live and learn through hard times.”
I want sum damn apple pie on top of
hope something comes of it. Be happy to share more info or anything else if u need it.
Met with , the newly promoted Artistic Assoc., to discuss 2012 #apufringe proposals.
OH NO! RUN. RT : This man REEKS of bullshit & its making me want to puke.
Ohai, my names Jamie. And according to where you are I'm elsewhere. This goes perfect with the babies were gonna have.
come <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8> you know you need to bf
btw guess wht song i heard on the radio last night
hey you!! Nice running into you the other day. <3
Happy Friday ladies! Keep building
Want to Volunteer at the games this year?? Spots we have open: Lifeguard: 2 Kitchen: 1 Event Staff: 2 Dining Hall: 23
Go Cubbies! RT The #Cubs are 9-6 in the last 15 games, good for the second-best winning percentage in National League since April 21.
tell me about it lol
love you too : )
am looking forward to the 30day bonus!
Easton the 27th with my family <U+E022> After Christmas shopping ! #cantwait (:
lol it's not like I'd do you niggas' laundry. like "WHO THE FUCK BLED ON STAGE LAST NIGHT!?" "EW WHY IS THERE WHITE STUFF"
i'd rather they just shop for me... RT : And they can wash your car while you shop !
Let’s Go Bowling tomorrow!!! The joy of playing a sport in a cool air conditioned facility.What could be better?Check the HFC` calendar
Congrats! Just saw you hit over 40k followers! Does this mean sale in your shop?? Also, hooray for CA.
”The man who removes a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.” - Chinese Proverb
u can direct message us ur address and how many tix u want and we will get them in the mail to u asap.
Congratulations on 50K followers! We are not surprised!
You sound like a giraffe roach.
Thanks to everyone who came to see us tonight. You were a great audience! Hope we got you in the holiday spirit. :)
good morning all! m learning scratch n animoto 2day.Take care:)
If you should follow anyone this #FF it should be F*BALL Podcast co-host/producer and my right-hand NFL man Get to it!
Bioware thought they were going to be all creative & shit, no it was just dumb.
hey austin your so Amazing i love the way u sing :)
Not tired and nobody to talk to.
which black & striped one? Can you bring em please I was looking for that shirt everywhere like a maniac <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> & yeah I did <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
O my god the moon is so bright!
haha. I made it out of Georges apartment alive at least
follow us for a complementary facial on your birthday. Beautycallla.com in home or in office.
I can taste the pesticides on this celery.
My #Indy friends, if you are not already, you should follow & ;)
Thanks to the talented dancers who auditioned yesterday! There was great energy in the room.
Id cap that is SO annoying now that everyone has it, not even funny anymore.
It don't bother yall that the President has no/very light eyebrows? #ScandalParty #SCANDAL => STOP!! LOL
I haven't decided if I'll let you save my life, or if I'll drown.
lol glad u like it real talk
park is looking good. What's the ETA?
LOL! That's fancy ;-)
im working 8 hrs a day m-f so we can have What we need and
Hey Tom Crean....U mad bro?
several of us thought Seattle SocialMedia Summit
Windier today in DC than typical Chicago!? Now I feel vindicated for struggling to stay upright :)
Thank you, Joe. I appreciate your timely response. Cheers.
WHAM BAM THANK U MA'M NICE TO MEET YA
Trying to change how you eat? it only takes about 1 week for your taste buds to get used to that change.
So tired I do not want to teach today!
I hate show mini vans to customers shit is so boring... my face be like its a fucking mini van fuck you want me to tell you? lol
Thanks for the share!
Man i wish my shirt kums tomarrow
SO disgusting to' Boo at the Pres's wife, And the Vice Presi' Wife. Michelle's Face tells it all. She was Hurt!
You go to Baby Blues and don't tell me!? You know I live RIGHT there! I now understand why Bobby left you...
Almost there!!!!!!
aw no matter what we will always be together OneAndOnly<3
My heart stopped when I saw Jason Reitman under my phone's contacts. Then, I realized it also lists the folks I follow on twitter.
We need 2 more followers till we reach 400!! Who will those people be?!
Alex should of won the Glee Project.
What an incredible game!!!! Let's go KU!!!!
MITT ROMNEY is quite suited for what the GOP wants. They don't NEED MITT ROMNEY because they do not TRUST MITT ROMNEY. NLD Mom/ca. survivor
...hoe's find it yet some how i dont seem to mind it" -j. cole. come threw all my sexy ladies!
My grandma made them!!!:)) lol. Thanks!
“: We forget things we need to remember and remember things we need to forget.
Um so I have a guestlist
#mysong right now would be 'Where You At'. .- Jennifer Hudson
RT : Just had the best pulled pork bbq'd sandwich of my life at carmel zackys..New Saturday morning ritual
Most valuable thing I've learned from , keep phone on seat btwn crotch when driving.
More than 41% of people have been accidentally caught masturbating. interesting huh lol
Yes, let's give the sarlacc a beak. Even though the pit itself is clearly a throat, hence the burp.
Big happy moms day to my followers and especially!
i thought i was following you ,, my bad (: well i am now
who and since when?
Well not you men! :)
Military Leads in Brain Injury Case, Specialists Say Army, Navy, Air Force and Marine Corps medical specialists are working closely toget
had to evacuate the apt as our place is in Zone A (mandatory). Spent the last 18 hours flood proofing.
RT : do you have #foursquare ? You might want to check in with us because you could get some free food
this is the reason why I love u.
March madness! St Patty's Day! It'll be a good month!
Getting caught playing with your junk by your wife or girlfriend
take a shower get out nd go to sleep in a towel. Sounds good actually. Haha
so cool! I almost got one Sunday... But I can't because of my job.
RT : I predict in 20 years The Beach Boys will be touring as a bunch of 29 year olds and Kraftwerk will all be robots.
It's time to face my fears and clean my apartment.
hang out with us at road house on sunday
U were amazing as usual on NY Live. I love what you were wearing Mrs Sexy! Who were U wearing & where can I get one? LOVE you!
Thank you for the #follow,
Im'ma have ya mom calling me Papi Chulo.
pruning some cites from Zotero. Wish there was an easier to archive unneded cites and their attached files.
That's because a lot of people find that product interesting and want one of them.
Um, let me think. is one of my faves! Have you heard "Over You?" Its a great song!
THAT one!
#whosgonnalose - Ohio State v Oregon - Ohio State will lose
please tell me your secret to eating all day and gaining NO WEIGHT AT ALL. I need to know your secret.
Randy on "high-impact practices," both inside and outside the formal classroom. Students doing things that matter to them.
yes that is lol .. so whatsupp been a while
please follow me Kyle :), lots of love<3 !! #ElektroNation :D
OPENING NIGHT! Photo booth with iPhone photog Greg Schmigel, food, pre/post show music with Community Center! JOIN US!
you should let your paying customers know via Twitter what is going on and why your site is down and why no one can stream...
Laker's got owned!!
Modeling context in RDF—runs into the same problems that Willard McCarty has previously discussed for XML markup
I do love his work.
Bath & Body Bistro is open for business and ready to customize a gift bag for your Mother's day . Come on by and let us help you pamper her.
Geisel Library 24/7 space during finals has been planned for months. This is not response to today's activities.
happy birthday! Still on for a lunch date tomorrow?
I hate being at school its so boring
thank you for considering us :) hope to see you in again soon :)
RT : Collinsworth is full of it. That's not Herzy's space that deep.
hello! does your gallery have live bands ever?
Ain't no boy out here faithful I dont care what nobody say
we have our groundbreaking on may 14...generally it is about 12-14 months to build from the ground up so spring/summer '13
Hold events in the morning. That will give radio reporters time to get ready for afternoon shows, and TV reporters time for evening news.
Thank you so much! You're making me cry...
Two compounds found in chocolate, N-oleoylethanolamine and N-linoleoylethanolamine, inhibit breakdown of cannabinoids like anandamide.
Oh the delights of waiting until the last week of the semester to do everything.
Dam RIPPED INTO & the #Heat #Lebron on totally loved it!!! Pacers could do this
How do you feel about Goldman after the recent bad press?
just went to the samurai exhibit and informative! The Russo fam gives it 2 enthusiastic thumbs up.
#AIDSWalkWI RT : Top 3 fund raising walkers win round trip tix on AirTran Airways. Will that be you??
Morning... getting ready for this doctor's appointment. I know God is in the healing business. THANK YOU LORD!!!!!
RT : EPA estimates that data centers use 2.5% of electricity use in U.S.
great meeting you last night!
Forgot to lock the door.
If coming to the concert tonight, Serendipity is back by Rave Theater. Look for the K-LOVE car and the line of people :-)
Billy Mays vs. Vince Offer!!! Celebrity Death! MTV are you listening?
Upgraded the Capitol Building by reaching level 10 in the Political career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
indeed you did. I should really pay more attention.
YOOOOOO!!!! That was quite funny!
They bet not mistreat nick!
I couldn't hang with Debbie Gibson.
it is a magazine that I work for
So far this season the #Phils have been shutout 3 times, the #SFGiants have pitched 3 shutouts & the A's have 3 of each.
They should cut Sessions' defensive efforts into "Men at Work" to punch it up a bit.
Can You Tell Me Why Do I Love You So Much?!'
Thanks! Welcome to the world. Happy on sale date to 's Occupy Nation and 's Jackie After O.
the weather in hawaii is perfect, says He cant tweet n drive lol
No , cheap socks I can replace everyday... That's my dream.
Every Sunday @ Main Street UMC @ 3:30 PM: "Jam for Joy" Musician? Vocalist? Just want to learn some new music? Open session upstairs!!!
RT : Dow up over 400 as investors struggle to even out meds.
alright! Followed! Good luck this month - I tripled the amount of rules I had with my last game. Should be interesting....
I bet John fox loves this game no forward pass and fg's galore
haha good call on that one. Such a good song!
that'd be great if you could make it to a Wed. workshop. We'd love to test out a Nasty Clamp on our live video production
same here<3 I<3how he doesn't give a flying Shizz what haters say.I no it probably hurts him but he ignores it
If my tweet falls on twitter and nobody hears it, does it make a sound?
I think Lee is confused and just wants to hang out wearing kilts.
Let'em know 9th...they push play on this list and they will lose they mind
The #WaronWomen is on ALL women, not just moms. Also: prostitutes, CEOs, athletes, students, inmates, etc. You can be different AND unified.
Very. Cody Simpson's disappointing his angels!!! #watupwitdat :/
lucky! Yeah I'm at school! It's 10:33 am here
So tired going to bed probably
"Be the change you want to see in the world"... SUCK MY DICK!
Help by sponsoring a child today!
I'd go with the latter>>Merging or sharing? Either way, C-USA & MWC working together- NCAA Football
VERY!!! He's loosing the pounds for you
You should check out The Jobe Wilson Band. Hank Williams Jr. fans will identify with these music!
No I'm pretty sure its boobs.
Agreed. "CIO's must embrace mobile first mindset...innovation in mobility & cloud" SAP CIO Oliver Bussman #Appnationconf /via
Oh so u dont complain about anything?Tell me how beautiful ur life is,u can touch the sky..
I'm sorry, but these refs are cray.
congrats to Darrick Watkins-(HD-Marshall) for being selected by The Write Thing Challenge! Achieving in the classroom.
Fuck it next time your fav rapper perform...I'm snatching the mic from his ass
your pretty awesome the way you used those wood pieces and turned them into ball light fixture's ;)
better with the lights off <3 :)
OK. Matt is qb. We r winning. Defense is doing well. Why not add trickery to 4 n 10 ...we run it? Go for gutso!
Still need/want a Red Bull....and chocolate. Approaching hour 6 of this take-home exam...
I love everybody. Some I love to be around, some I love to avoid, and some I'd love to punch in the face.
You gotta keep up...you gotta keep going!
Dear God,I know this life isn't easy,so because of ur love I'll always have faith in u. Love Jennifer
My new tattoo is so sick!
Making fun of the Buff kid for doubting god is not cool. There was absolutely nothing wrong w/ anything he said. Many ppl in the
Thanks! I hope you like 'em.
I think I shall be very happy when it is Wednesday.
birthday tweet
Steimer in the house...
It's like the mo' money we come across, the more probLINs we see
lol I don't know if Thr people you added in the #FF are ready for my Emotional twitter vomit.
What does a shower or liquid nitrogen have to do with destaling Cheerio's? Watch of 's 13 talk:...
Why is it that for a man to lose weight he need only stop drinking beer, but a woman must work out like crazy and practically stop eating?
The National Intellectual Property Rights Coordination Center is led by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security...
Thus ends the quarterly Shane Tweet Fest. :)
Hey - great to see you at artstech last night. Wanted to tell you about Figment / Jackson, Mississippi. Can you DM me your email?
the "slight edge" is a consistent series of tiny-yet significant actions that are easy to do and easy not to do- Let's Do It -:)
I envy your mental state right now.
Thanks to Dusty.
just trying to make it last as long as possible!
Freddie Mac: 15YR Fixed-Rate Mortgage Hits Record Low
Today has been crazy busy, and I just got called into work. Looks like I won't be seeing Say Anything tonight. :(
The CATHOLIC CHURCH just doesn't want PAUL RYAN to carry the PEOPLE and the NATION to HELL with him. PAUL RYAN, YOU HAVE SIN BIG TIME!
I can't wait to see this eve at the Beacon! Woohoo. True thing people.
just caught an episode of csi: detroit, and it reminded me of you :)
Startinq to wonder why you had to ruin my future ?
I'm going. Check out the Holiday Inn express in Logansport, way outside city, but dirt cheap
Pretty credible H impression by #RAW already!!
PLEASE BE MY FIRST FOLLOWER!!!!
I think I am most inspired by those pictures of people with quotes next to their faces as they appears, momentarily, on my Facebook feed.
well I just wasn't wanting to make the guys jealous. It's really you and John that I am driving down there to see.
Watching hsn, it's like shopping for my eyes
IM JUST THE COOL BLACK GUY
Don't bother looking at any sports news today. It's all depressing.
Too damn early to be at work
Yeah...doing some stuff with my girl's family...
i hate my mum sometimes,shes so pathetic.
Im Just Saying. Stop Rappin And Say it To Someones Face For Once. Cuz Thats Just PETTY. Thanks(: Dont Bother To Reply Back.
Ok now seeing the #SDMayorNP is trending - going to follow and use that, too! So far good #mayoraldebate. What do others think?
Thanks, Dana. Have been looking for museum school software and hadn't uncovered any goodies yet. This is a good start!
It's the hottest day of the year and #Naughtons has all of your cooling & A/C needs. Come see us and don't get caught sweating it out.
“ people who I can occasionally have really deep conversations with, and at the same time joke around with them.”
I RTed it
Of course you would #JealousPretendBFTweet :)
Great time last night!
Links with maximum juice and minimum risk - no shortcuts - use research, tools, and link conversion request rates.
I'm so late but can't everyone do that? So it's not special :c
Nick Young is still my boy.
Make content findable and linkable and searchable and discoverable – not just by google.
It's not that some people have willpower and some don't. It's that some people are ready to change and others are not. ~ James Gordon
Tonight, we bask in the "super moon."
I bought them already guuuurl;)
No one remembers a playoff team unless they earn a ring. Go NE
Can't wait to go dress shopping ;*
pre taping starts at 4:20. so i need you there by 3:45 at the latest. Freddy and Emily and my mom are coming!
I meant zumba. This phone changes my words
Marching Band? Yes, please.
I am tweeting for the first time. Wish me luck.
Huhh so now he wants to take all fucking day. That shit irritating!
RT : Drupal commerce rocks - now with 80% more Drupal. At nuts and bolts session
Morgan will likely trump me. RT : = awesome wedding present buyer. Who knew?
adios south beach.
Shot out to the homie make sure yall follow him!
stumbled on your blog via twitter. Great, informative stuff, thanks!
Guess who just broke Twitter? Me.
chapter 5 is up!
i love duncans toy chest
ever wonder why those great pictures of pop kids people take never show the crowd!? oh... wait.
I can't tell if you guys are flirting or arguing anymore.
RT : There's this sweet boy battling cancer, and his biggest wish is to trend on Twitter. Let's make it happen!
so do we. so do we. :-/ website work for you for now?
That is one spectacular lake. Do you fish?
Everyone is entitled to an opinion in America but is a fucking dumbass for trying to equate & America together
You guys were great on the VMA's!!!
I've been looking at South Beach all day on MSNBC. Why aren't I living in South Florida by now?
Know I'm too late, but Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone
Just watched the new show #Awake. Seems confusing and very interesting. Look forward to seeing more.
#womencantresist random flowers on her porch.
I liked the beginning more than the ending.
Ha, you can go with my wife. Oh...
while i was shopping a girl ran past me shouting 'one direction book' my mum just started laughing at me
I don't see myself doing too much tonight, I'm ready to go to bed already
had to google dog rocket...ouch! Thanks for the Twitter proof of life
Pure Pop for Now People tonight ! Bubblegum, power pop & much much more! All vinyl 10 til close!!
thanks you too :)
Boston cream pie yum:)
#ThingsILookFor is my mom's belts when I know I'm in deep shit...like now
You know I don't speak Mexican!!!!!
I'm just neutral about this whole thing, I'm not picking a side
For the first time, I actually used an iPad for something other than playing #templerun and it sucked
I'm interested in getting involved with Hollywood East TV as a television personality/host. Can u please send me some info?
1 for me!
Off to find food in Ulmer sc and I got a little bit of cell service finally.
oh hes the sexiest rollar skate ever!
and you're so gorgeous.
you don't find many people with 'amateur baseball fan' in their profile description. to see you on Twitter.
well I had a good night :) now I sleep in till monday <U+270C>
me! The line up is so great this year (:
The unexpected becoming expected....
Big fine country gal wit a cajun appetite >>>>>>>
yes it goes to the Jordan mills foundation which then goes directly into my bank account
YES!! Chobani and fage are the best. I don't know what I did before Greek yogurt :) b/c I eat I almost everyday now!
Excuses are the cradles in which failure lulls us to sleep.
yes just did! Thank you very much I appreciate it!
Finished #beastmode session in the am with personal trainer.. My body is gonna hate me tomorrow:/
we'd like to think so. Thanks for the tweet!
thanks for the follow ! this is my podcast's twitter -i think you'll likey. Follow me for the rest, if you would like to.peace
ok cool
You should follow me back :b
i got very lost and couldnt find my class. Come to realize i did not have that class today
I blame
Damn you, study parties. I never get anything done with 20 people surrounding me.
Kron news San Francisco pot laced cookies found at Morgan hill school for 420 day!
thanks luv ya! U need to join Our team add #SCRSCReamTeam to ya bio
No one likes you. Just leave.
Guys I think I'm gonna give up my dreams. No Singing or Dancing or Modeling quitting all of it and living simple.
ONE CRITICAL DAY is all you need to turn any 'what if' in your life into what IS. ~ Jim Rohn
that's awesome. Maybe if media left the non talker alone he would beg to talk!?
MT W/Lucy Friedman & talking 2 about work in
sounds like a great topic. good luck!
Will Ferrell is on Jimmy Fallon
Its so cold in my house :c time to cuddle up in my bed with some music and keep myself warm.
-facepalm- Fan-tastic. Florida finds a new way to embarrass itself everyday. I blame all the transplants from other states lol.
Well my house slippers !!
And Kings of Colorado is on twitter.....
Crew wins on a terrible throw by Kemp.
#SignsYouLostAFight when your friend has to tell you "they didn't see who got the last swing"
#Livemixtapes <----- Watch us get on there soon
Hello! What Are You Doing?
how are you honey ?
yep! at bug!
bro...baby girl in the red dress on ur new promo is showin' out haha
i think it would be fun. will you let me ? please ..
You can sub prt of the water for lemon juice to inhibit bacteria. Patch test it in case the lemon is too harsh for ur skin.
Working def of #foodhubs: biz/org=aggregation, distro, marketing of source-ID #localfood primarily from small/mid to wholesale buyers
Someone tell me, did Barkley bust a button on that suit or is it made that way?
We are at Conshy Bulldogs Lacrosse practice nothing but passing and catching.
sectionals are so nice! Love them!
Well, um, I don't think so...I mean, it'll happen eventually...but don't worry about it so much.
I will be able to get like Max 4 people in for free at club play when fab.
The chances of Dawn marrying any of them is very low. The little bitch doesnt know who she wants.
RT RT My life is so much cooler now that Sam Elliot has agreed to narrate it.
A peanut fix me sum of dat dick gregory
How do I submit banners and logos for site owners to use on their sites to show support? Right now it says the site has 0.
I use to love her
During the BECKHAM commercials, mostly.
"Watching football is like watching pornography. There's plenty of action, and I can't take my eyes off it, but when it's over, I wonder wh
#AskScandal this is my favorite show !! this show is #scandal ous!!
Yea now the rest of the team has to step it up. I still think we can make a good run with the players we have though.
Knock KnockWho's there !Bun !Bun who ?Bun-nies make lovely pets !
OMG could we be going to overtime #MISLChampionship??
Re(imagiNATION) has the brightest color scheme of all time. So excited for summer.
I hate mock so very, very much.
: at dave you stop it with the press answer and answer the real question. its not about what I lead, its about what's real
Selling my office desk a pristine U-shaped desk made by Sligh Home Office Furnishing, Holland, Michigan. It is dark cherry wood, very soli…
the latest from I think answers the question. My take: I'm rich & white, so must b right
Great conversation with at Amplify event
This is a form of late binding. It gives you the flexibility to change behavior per object without resorting to case statements
We are all super exhausted from the weekend, but it was a great time. Thanks for coming out to see us at Inman Park Festival, everybody!
Feels Like Summer <3
Skype now on stage. Yesterday's workshop with & today's meeting make it crystal clear that crowd sourced innovation is key
mfs be playing man
You are so talented.
Mega Bloks Builder - Pocket Gamer
hahahha this made my day :D
thnx love you to my little boo boo!
I smell win #10 for my
What is the MOST embarrassing thing that has ever happened to you?
Is Looking Forward To Talking With Georgia's Governor Nathan Deal Tomorrow At Lunch.
I'm flying down on Wednesday. Maybe we can hang out Wed or Thur night?
It sounds so fun out there, but I let the couch consume me and I don't want to move... lol
Picking up Owen now, he's been at the vet all morning getting neutered..
I'll take one!
you can download it
yep, needed that one
He's straight aggravating. Hard if not impossible to root for him
I been thru the best in life and the worst... But nothing compares to the pain of a broken.
Almost blew it there at the end... Good last stand.
The silence left us hanging, while we lit up like the fourth of July.
Thanks! Hope you're successful -- lemme know if they don't and we'll fix you up.
Kickin' it old school today with Nine Inch Nails.
life is 2 short 2 be wastin time hating someone
Still thinking about this hotel thing for this weekend, I could make reservations for Sat - Mon then cancel them on Friday if I needed to hm
she follows me
Congratulations on the epic win!! You all deserved it!! Good luck against France!!
No more #ABCScandal and no #BFV (heavy sigh) TV is real bunk right now. I miss &
hello there
HAVE FAITH, NEVER LOSE HOPE & LOVE EVERYONE!!<U+2606>
Wahooo!...Stubby's Happy Hour! Frankenmuth Pilsner and Dunkel and all apps 1/2 off today from 3pm-6pm. Get here now!
no worries, next time!
and yet, still no review of our debut EP "Ball My Children." I call FOUL!
I really want to see that movie! And the Avengers. Now I'm craving that like crazy
where to you get all these special symbols?
did a whole history of the station when we turned 50..parts of it on you-tube
Im eating a cookie in my bed playing scramble
Well balls the rapture didn't happen...back to the job search
lol I know but I was too lazy to go get my retainer out of my purse lol I already lost them once I had to pay 150 or 130
The Hangover is on TBS is on MTV. itts a good bight
what test
So, I've basically just spent about 2 hours, staring at my ceiling, listening to music & thinking.
Laid my grandma to rest today. Sucks to say but atleast she's in a better place and no longer suffering.
I can also recommend Chester Aaron's GIDEON for YAs—story of boy who survives Warsaw Ghetto and joins resistance.
DM us your email and we will email out more information!
“: Listen carefully in silence and stillness You will find the music of your heart #thoughtsoftheheart” Absolutely beautiful.
How do you not <3 ?
hey remember when you said you cant dance? yeah you are a FUCKING SEXY ASS dancer now. you should dance more often.
Thats a cute name. Can I get your # and we can txt to know each other better
no trampline this year? I still have that hook up.
Across the Universe until sleep ya
Thanks for following me, Andrew! ;) I enjoy to watch Mixergy Interviews. And, I can always learn a lot from them.
Wow...tough tough tough loss!!!
The richest duck is not he who has the most, but he who needs the least.
Oh Randy! Do we need to send a chaperone with you next time?
I hope it's a girl so I can lmbo
we are at the Univeristy of Baltimore -- 11 W. Mt. Royal. -- in the basement.
imu too can't wait to be back
until the premier of season 5! Yeah! Can't waite!
I just had to listen to a woman flossing & gargling in the 2nd fl bathroom
merry christmas
Jen thinks I should be an asshole to boys and keep them waiting for more. Says it could be fun. What do you all think?
ABC family movies and Chipotle.
. West coast = best coast. So happy to see you and the Turp!
You are sent to an awful prison forever. U get 1minute per day to enjoy a thing u love, then back to the demon torture. What do u choose?
Thanks to visitors from who came to see BAA Auditions today!
This too, shall pass
enough pictures (at least for awhile) :P hope you liked
Excited about the future for Hanson Harmonies. Visioning meetings with "The Pres" in town. Discussing Natural Healing Through Music.
Stay classy North Carolina
Oh Twitter. Its been Awhile Lol
let alone been throwing up for a million hours... drank WAY to much las nite
Appreciate it pal. Who knows maybe someday I'll be back there or somewhere else...
Heh, I love those. Nice to meet you - we made it!
Oy! That's going through our household too right now -- Feel better! RT Sniffling, sneezy mess today.
IM HAPPY <333
a plumber DUH
It takes me being gone 4 u 2 b nice but i'll take it! Love you!! RT : i miss ...what a way to ruin a
Happy #VeteransDay thank you to all the soldiers/troops!
your tweeting in the shower? :D dork. We're gonna go to Cattlemens :) yum.
Finding you has solved like six of my problems all at once!
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control
Happy Valentines Day! We are OPEN today, starting @ 5pm. Special buffet menu with a $1 off all beers, wines, & cocktails.
Last question before I log off for a bit
I chuckled RT : just do some preacher curls (ba dum tshh) RT : Church or gym tonight
Live out of your imagination, not your history.-Stephen Covey
I only moved three blocks away but I'm no longer in my favorite sushi place's delivery zone. :(
That awkward moment when you are trying to explain to someone how a song goes, but you don't really want to sing it.
RokkinCat will develop your ideas into usable apps.
seriously?! Nick has some esplaning to do.
We have a new server ready - vpn28 OpenVPN (SSL) server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
hell nah
im just chilln and stuff bored outa my mind
in love with me. OH MY GOD. like ah :) its amazing. But I'm still too chicken shit to.hang out. -.-
hell yeah haha
Call of the night - "he's fouled from behind by World Peace."
<U+0093>Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting<U+0094> - Elizabeth Bibesco
- Beyonce gives an accurate account of our "Extraordinary First Lady Michelle Obama" - I Love the Obama's!
ok I like this.
alright pimp
Thank You ! Hope You Watch :)
Grateful & thank GOD for a peaceful home,I luv looking thru the window at the trees unfortunately I'm not for the creepy crawlers out there.
I feel like were the only Mexican family in WinCo right now
nice purople shirt.
I'm on FB now at Roger Dietch. We can explore more there.
haha of course!!;)
shake dat ass
"For the world you may be just one person, but for one person you may be the whole world!
VOTE FOR NICOLE GARCIA FOR SENIOR CLASS PRESIDENT!<U+E00E><U+E328><U+E429><U+E10E><U+E314><U+E035>
Today is Mother's day and tomorrow is My Birthday.. Wow!! Time flies, Goodmorning everyone!
If you could ask Osama Bin Laden a question, what would it be?
#ThingsIReallyCantStand "players" that shit is NOT cute.
It is absurd that a man should rule others, who cannot rule himself
haha wow you really do love that episode. I stand by my fav: duck covered in oil/ Zach squirts oil canister at school board
hahaha don't be out too late cochino!!!
It's going to be ridiculous.And it's so exactly what I need after a few pretty shite weeks.
Thanking God for the amazing opportunities he continues to bless me with. It's my first day at work!
: A nice idea, but you know, limited time, limited resources, limited energy. Anyway, we all have our wishes.
your own fault i can be with you though u.u
omg omg omg omg!!!!!
we miss you! We'll have to give you your own hippie name. Any preferences?
Positive thoughts! {channeling inner resilience}
I think I'm just still 'well-fat'!
MT : #DC tech or social media people have a job opening, & would like to help #SMCDC test out a #job board, send it my way!
what part of SE you say you were from? cause I'm in Juneau now
I know where you go to school, and I don't think you have many options there. Just sayin'.
Life is like a monkey it throws shit at you
Keep an eye on our website, www.savescreenonthegreen.com, or on Twitter at for the latest #SOTG2011 weather news!
The best healer is good cheer.
I need food, water, and sex. Got two of the three, now who's going to help with the last one.
"I never take my eyes off #Twiiter,"
oh my gosh your icon its Adorable(:
Now following
Tell my butt that, my but may argue with me, I checked it... A little dimply but still is ok. Mental note: Eath Banana and Apple on Thursday
¤ Try not to have a good time...this is supposed to be educational. Charles M. Schulz
A Virginia man selling invisible water on Ebay to help raise money for autism support and research. Check out TommyBsUpscaleYardSale on Ebay
Girls want a lot of things from one guy. Conversely, guys want one thing from a lot of girls. via
#FF #learning experts who help others achieve
THEY'RE SO FRICKING ADORABLE OMG
Hang in there! Sometimes you gotta keep staring down that screen till you win!
that song needs to be on iTunes....like NOW! #Saysomthin :-)
I just earned the Doorstep Bonus at Bel Tempo in MyTown2.
- said lawyerly! I feel affirmed. LOL
Thx for the information! I had my first MS library experience visiting WWMS. Let me know if you hear more. UR the best.
Praveen Madan: "Bookstores have no great technology partners." Can DPLA be the first?
Wow, the podcast just outted has the ME on his bucket list.
Don't forget the ones who have been there from the start; (:
Why is it that I get so sleepy right around this time that I can't keep my eyes open. I want nothing more than to sleep.
Oh good. Glad to help!
peas are good for you
Hope she can can get back on track and come back on Misfits. I like her.
Yeah that sucks but shit happens. Can't wait to see you back kicking ass. Get well soon man.
promotion NOT by ESPN mke by the way. (a man can dream though) haha
Finished my exams!!
ran out of breath during his solo, but u know what that means he's not perfect, no one is, it just makes him more amazing <3
can't wait to see you!
Did anyone board the #hogwartsexpress this morning?!?! LOL
shit how u
Could be worse. Figured first American to orbit the earth should be able to name activity. *he* called it a Tweet-ON
I wish the Celtics never traded Kendrick Perkins for Jeff Green. They'd be able to compete w/ the Heat right now.
Those random talks with the big man upstairs.. You can always talk to to him about anything at any time. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Am I imagining it or do these off clip on mosquito repellents really work?
In Exeter, New Hampshire, sleepy old New England town looking out the window of this historic hotel watching orange leaves sway and fall.
Probably always have! :P
i made my little sister sing gmyh to my fam :)
Hashem I wish one of the was here in #Hillcrest right now - I'm STARVING!
that's awesome
COME TO CHICAGO!
"Do your people want to listen to you, or do they have to listen to you?"
cool so far I'm still in training
"It will take us longer to taxi out to the runway than it will to fly to Baltimore" -- from my plane's flight deck on the ground in Philly.
Well, given that average CEO tenure is ~70 months, they're probably too busy looking for jobs themselves to notice! :-)
On a recent episode of dating advice talk show, Planet Love Match ® Radio, psychologist, medical physician, and author Dr. Reef Karim di
ain't gonna hit a N**** back on Skype ha
Teach a man to fish & you've fed him for a lifetime!
Glad we went. Its awesome that you & are fun AND professional; those are 2 qualities rarely paired in folks so young
That fish is delish!
nope. None of my emails have been hacked lol
Thanks for the new ipad? Huh?
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle "Fast Times at Titties High"
Who's gonna be that follower that get the official account to #500 let's go.
sure thing
you need to be online SOMETIME. It's lonely. :(
#FirstEdition wonders how 2 knight an #elephant? The #RoyalRosarian Prime minister will tell all, next -- are peanuts involved?
Thanks KUNV 91.5 for playing my recording of Green Dolphin Street today! Aloha Nevada!
excited to go to #mariachiplaza and #bookstore extraordinaire today!
The next, the people fear; and the next, the people hate <U+FFFD> When the best leader<U+FFFD>s work is done the people say, <U+FFFD>We did it ourselves!
You always discuss the job, you just never know it. PS. Hangouttage. Must.
Touch my body by MC. Lol okay
There's "crushing it" then there's the yet-to-be-defined superlative for what Lane Kiffin is doing with this year's #USC recruiting class.
Isn't it supposed to be about the beer?
"citizen" was capitalized a couple tweets ago, that's the 1 thing the grammer Nazi in me likes better about Google+, post editing
pls follow me :))) i love you <3
cross the river? I've played Oregon trail. I know how this ends!
"Train Wreck" is being released in 8 days!! I am so excited I might just have to buy myself a present!
The worst gift is a fruitcake. There is only one fruitcake in the entire world, and people keep sending it to each other. ~ Johnny Carson
did you think the fight was closer than the judges had it? I had 115-113 or PBF, but not the blowout scorecards indicated
Waiting for him Someone that might never come
Not MY history... NFL history. Go read about 35 year old QBs and their NFL success.
lovely morning for a walk...Blaise luvs it
not sure yet,the venue hasn't been confirmed.When it does it will be on our purevolume! We are excited that you guys are coming!
do u have a facebook?
I know, right?! I feel the same way!
IFUCKING HATE EVERY SINGLE SPRING FINALE.THEY ALL SUCK THE BIGGEST SHIT EVER.NOW I HAVE TO WAIT THIRTY FUCKING YEARS FOR NEWEPISODES. KILLME
do what you love, baby.
Thanks!!! Keep listening!! :)
Im Hopping he Kicks Some Because on my Neighborhood I go like 5 Broncos Fan! and Im the only Patriots...
1/2 price taps and slices until 5pm. Come on down to CRISP!
Saints rep, "Goodell is judge, jury & excecutioner in NFL. Teams cannot view evidence or defend themselves, only wait and discover fate."
Weirdest. Family Guy. Ever.
- agreed, morning set woulda been perfect.
Made us all believe we can fly! congrats Jermaine!
Does anyone have the movie apacalypto? (Spelling)
Book Club tonight and then catching up on my #Revenge!
I find no Honor with those u spoke w/in confidence; & they decide 2 share with the very person that you opted not to confide in.
About to make that gym move before I hit work tonight.
#20factsaboutme 15. I can't go without music for a day
I think I should be a Verified World Leader on twitter, I rule the state of disillusionment.
U sound like me. I watch movies for 1st time that most people know the entire script to from 20 years ago. Don't like TV or movies
Suggest melatonin, earplugs/white noise, eyeshade, visualizing calm & relaxing activities such as lying around tropical beach?
MT RT : Romney ordering a lot of ships, apparently. Normally says he wants to add 15 to Navy per yr. Today, 17.
EU that was the sh*t back in the day,haha! I almost got School Daze on DVD the other day.
spammers posted your first tweet?
That's yummy! RT : Yay going to go get some Starbucks & Krispy Kreme ^.^
HahahaHaha! That's exactly why i chose it to be my profile pic!! Get with it Grizel! Haha
When you argue remember to bring up issues with a soft start up. Bringing things up harshly will only provoke your partner to be harsh too.
o ok
Sorry all. This was not meant for distribution. I used the wrong Send Box - and, yes, what am idiot move that was. I apologize.
Few things in life are as rewarding as working with a team of seriously amazing people who know their stuff. ALL barriers cease to exist.
Downtown Stockholm is much colder than the castle. Quick, where can I get two gallons of Glögg, straws, tape, and a sturdy moose hat?
I have got to stop sleeping until 1 in the afternoon.
We had such an awesome night last night with everybody from ! Looking forward to another great day today!
Rita's with my little sister <3
Meat and veggies? Good cause there's no gluten and dairy. That's basically my low carb day.
awe you should move to Pennsylvania (:
Swedish fish, sounds yummy.
From : Happy birthday. Cherish every day like it's your last...and if you ever fuck with me it will be. Kisses!
: CAN-SPAM implications for Twitter and Facebook messages as well as email.
Countdown to our new rooftop patio opening tomorrow Check out #livemusic, Corona sampling, Thursday
R.I.P. Mr. Bob Marley, wild that a toe injury turned into brain cancer. Doobs Up 2nite for Bob -_- cc:
The Reno fire station in Stead is open today for a six-day trial period. City will open it July.
omigosh, I do that all the time...
so my other account now says
excellent observation...applies to our children too, right!? :)
I can't wait till I die, so god can tell me my lifetime field goal percentage.
People are saying that our campaign has become a real whirlwind. I'm sure by now you have heard about "Hurricane Lisa!"
And once again.. A little too short a little too late.
Calling all Austinites to Saxon Pub this Wednesday! Walt Wilkins @ 9pm and my set is @ 11pm. Come on down for some good times!
naw bro I'm live all night bt DM yo numba girl“: bruh it's only 8:25 you take your old self to bed grandma”
XD that would be pretty liberal
this little game we play..
<< I gave up the spread wit the packers but @ first I ml them smdh
i feel like following random people on this account:)
Not impressed with the new twitter layout. Looks too facebook-ey. Stupid.
:) Awh, thanks Chuck!! “: you are wonderful”
in the panel @ #bisnow DC Future of Mobility
Plugging the final date in July but letting members know priority to submissions received by this Friday, May 4, 2012
We use all unclaimed certificates to wallpaper the Sun's paywall. No, we'll find a way to get 'em to the winners.
this is when the middle finger emoji would be useful... <U+270C>-<U+261D>= <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Boring Friday. Just want something to do.
Find the stations in your area that air Rush. Let them and their advertisers know what you think of racism/misogny/lies/libel...
you been hot lame...so stop acting...
I think i may have to be big about telling evanna lynch i saw a strawberry flavored bananna.However i think she will just say i told you so.
yeah I'm about to head to bed as well.
i wish i could fly real shit lol
Larry Drew, Kurt Rambis, Brian Shaw
working on redesigning my portfolio...been way too busy lately - graduated in december so now I have more time woot
Listening to an exposing and awesomely scathing story about Facebook on featuring and
I work for a Walmart In MI. Our Xmas music started November 1rst. Oddly, it was shut off yesterday and today.
That could definitely be a game changer for both industries. Google and sprint are already joining forces in the voice app.
you lost your accounts?
lmao! you're a freak ^.^
sounds about right, yeah
Got it..I will email you soon!
I didn't care then; I'm not going to start now.
PeekYou only searches the public Internet (like Google). There is no private content in our search engine.
Don't y'all LOVE tax week
You won't be disappointed, lol! So, so good!
jus got to the crib
Now, if they can just unload that #1 pick. ;) RT : Colts trade for Drew Stanton.
Love string cheese. Hate string cheese breath.
Fa real! That's a mess! : RT : Man,Fridays poisoned ya girl.<=That shit sent me to the hospital.
Going to lunch!
please follow me back pleasee pleasee
I'd say someone from Bastop might be most deserving!
you never told us where we can score one of those sweet bowling shirts...
My brain is still laying on a pillow back at home, surprised I made it to work at all X(
Duke choked in the last ten minutes against UNC tonight :(
20 MINUTES TIL OUR NEW TANK TOP RELEASE!
Tnight on ABC5 News:30, we check back in with residents at a burned Urbandale condo, plus the latest on a woman killed by a train in Ames
stand on a tall hill and watch the blurry lights on a freeway.. kinda relaxing at night. perhaps tonight ill treat myself to some peace
Yes, but during national champ game she tweeted that she found herself rooting for the beakers. Said her kids were mad at her.
TGIF! What are your plans for this beautiful weekend?
not too much time slander in yall recent mentions huh?
thanks airtalk and and how cool to meet Larry Mantle (and all the composers, too)! Was a great show.
RT : I will release the fury in Austin < Careful what you wish for!
bring it!
ROH on one window, EVOLVE on the other window. Got to love wrestling.
Thanks Kevin - that's the kind of tweet I expect...! Have a great weekend
glad you made bra
Brenda Braxton on Grimm! How cool is that!
lets go HAWKS!!!!!! #GETUPSLUGS!
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 11
I might just wear my Doobie under the wig. Lolol!!! Somebody snatch it off they'll think I'm a damn magician!!
I'll give banana milk 6 out of 10. Not the best thirst quencher.
I officially graduate high school in 5 days! :D
nope, head northeast :)
cool, I will try to find a day that everybody's available. I'm excited to show what I got out of this summer
Fine line, huh?
By far, one of the BEST Mondays in the past 6 months and really in well over 3 years!!!
Smile at everyone, even if they don't smile back.
Thanks much for the follow, Chris! Hope your day is going well.
A2: We update 30-40 times/month and probably have WAY too many categories (activities, geographical, etc)
Now donating more. 40 Followers
Yes! came to rescue!! Thank you so much for getting word out!
watching tv and you?
yes sir it is! You know u wish u had it.
Enjoying the GOP's ability to pick issues that enrage groups they need. First, immigration, now, birth control. Next: banning football.
Great find!! Thanks for sharing.
Hahahahah! I'm assuming that from all your responses it's a shoe buffer or a sex toy..... you win nothing have a good day :)
offer #5 on our uptown condo
I am beautiful inside and out <3 I am fearfully and wonderfully made by an Awesome God :)
thx for following :)
Parents are coming to visit me and this weekend. What's a fun Saturday night dinner spot??
“: Well let me work have fun everyone!” have a great day!!
oh? well now thats that settle on to happy moments. whats up?
i am but i really dont want cereal i want a meal... if it wasnt so late i'd cook a pot of greens
He has a vision for how EVMS can best serve this community.
Sundays- Latin Night - Cancun Cantina - Hanover w/Salsa, Bachata, Reggaeton...say Sue Elliott -www.baltimoresalsablog.com sent you.
Cant wait to see you in the future when you need me again..... Hahaha Payback is a bitch!
#BILLBOARDAWARDS can't wait!!!
Congrats to my son, coach Law, the Pup, for a state championship season in Texas. Way to go man.
re: eggbot. Ha! All those blogposts on eggs, and here there's a robot that could decorate eggs instead . . .
Lol. I Was Dressed And Everything . But Then iWas Like Ugh I'll Just Go On The Last Saturday . :)
nice to nearly meet you before you got kicked out of your seat!
RT : A6: Advice to newlyweds; Keep G-d first, watch sabotaging people; laugh and pray without ceasing!
Time to retire. For the eve...
PG's are so damn important.
RT I believe ehhts real, I dont believe in ehht (: i believe in the New World Order
If issues in a particular dept., send them issues reports a day in advance of reporting to exec. team so dept. can be prepared.
Oh my, is that why your little icon is so sad? Isn't she usually smiling? Puppy parade sounds wonderful.
no i live in baltimore love!
writing a web archiving manual, if issues in describing digital content weren't clear to me before, they are now... w/e lunchtime!
That moment when I get my spark again. When I feel the want to perform & sing runs through my veins... I almost explode. Joys of music. :-)
such a long day, hopefully it doesn't turn out to be a long week
Can't help but notice a lot of #GoogleIO tablets here in the SFO terminal. :-)
haha ok! :) I hope you can come! plus it'll be cinco de mayo
wow that's a really cool circular bookshelf!
While I buy my mom a card & flowers for Mothers Day, your over there buying her pills for her hangover. Haha (x
last night all I could do was laugh when Jake & John TRIED to talk sh*t about & to get a reaction outta me! smdh
tell all your friends to add McFadden's official twitter to keep up to date with events!
I'll be there!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Semi fire 90 NB near MM132/133 near Anderson and 51. Use caution in area.
LOL, on your latest tweet when you mentioned Snoopy i thought that you ment snoop dog
GOT TWINS TWINS TWINS EXPERIENCE? Call me! 610-999-9106 Lynn
she sucks haha Im ttryin to get her back to 99 followers..
in 5 months I am going to be Great my granddtg having baby then
I'm totally loving this season!!
Thanks for including us! I would be happy to send you a better logo if you'd like :)
just cuz they arent selling out doesnt mean DC fans dont think the Nats or United arent the best team in the league...
Tango looks very cool! I'll have to experiment to see if it will work with an iPod Touch. Great suggestion...thanks!
I just seen this :( sorry!
Come down to Tommy Rockers on Dean Martin Drive. We need your votes at 3pm for the cheesesteak throwdown!! Come have a blast.
Its the boys If i had my iphone i would throw the siren up
I'll never forget your belieber of ..?
Damn, I miss Homie the Clown...
i'll keep yall posted via text message and phone calls. we will talk soon. have a bless day!
Party prep coming together beautifully! We can't wait to see everyone!
Red Abbey is booking their U.S. tour for this summer! Stay tuned 4 their show dates! Let us know what city u would like to see #RedAbbey in!
Too funny! RT Hilarious! Other candidates applaud Perry when he remembers all three departments.
Watching You Got Served:Beat The World
Ital Seeds and He Got Game (feat. Brown and Butler) Touring the NC mountains starting in mid may!
Hit sample jackpot
RT Mussel bisque is literally to die for. Great happy hour, amazing food, serious good times... [Thanks!]
about to do kanye's new workout plan. i really wanna lose 3 pounds
: We second that! Thank you Mr. Kristof for being a voice for so many who do not have one.
Oh the healing power of Lipton Noodle Soup. And Emergen-C. And lemon ginger tea with honey and bourbon. :)
Idk why I call liars "fire pants"...it has to be that Liar Liar song.
aww come on she can get lost
I've done tie Miller factoey tour, time to see the other half - Coors factory ho!!
I reached out to your manager to get you a VIP Peachy Reward Card. You could have parked Indoors Free! Ask Ryan about it
Yes, though the effect may be lost if the tone is more subdued.
no i dont y
Since when does subway not have Swiss cheese?
Little Latin Books.
hey stephanie congrats
Sesame Street has confirmed that the new species of feathered t-rexes are in fact ancestors of Big Bird
Hour 2 of the show is underway! 888-640-9385 to talk to Troy about anything & everything. Watch him do his show on
When you get to your nothing that's where God likes to make it the more.
what are you guys talking about? staff are not part of the #indyzoob panel.
I thank you. The Hockey World thanks you.
get it nigga that's how you should eat
of course! :)
Goodnightt! Bed time :)
Grass-finshed vs. Grain-finished... do you know the difference?
JFG students Academy served 369 meals during a cancer symposium.
Successfully surprised Tj at the airport :))
We quit seeing each other like 2 months ago. Now he's telling me that Hes the one for me? I don't get it. I moved on & was doing good..now..
Congrats to my son Jonathan for his awesome 3rd place win at the school geography bee! I am so proud of you!
my hair is all poofy.
Ah I can't wait to see him again!! Hopefully he comes to sacramento!!! And Reno!! So I could go to both!!
Any questions for the next upcoming weeks?
My favorites are Marc jacobs alexander mcqueen Hermes lanvin and a few more...not the normal bunch
visually it was awesome!!
Too bad Mumford and Sons didn't perform.
Understand me
Happiness is not by chance, but by choice.
COMING SOON! TO CENTRAL OHIO, JollySavers is every family’s dream! providing an unbeatable, family value, "Deal".
Have an awesome evening everyone! I'm heading out to enjoy the sun and a beer! B)
Q6) stagflation of the mind...open your heart and your mind.
GUYS GUYS GUYS IS NEXT!
Hey Jeremy, thanks for the follow. Love your Tumblr, i'll b sure to follow it. I see your from AUS, whereabouts?
It's my birthday! If anyone has a chihuahua pup they wanna give me, I'm totally ok with it! Lol :D
Dear Magnum Ice cream Chocolate bars, could you really have not come up with another name?
Pissed when I got off work to watch ESPN and find out the Pacers lost.. Then I remember I had left over Chinese in the fridge to eat.
When Washington planned the siege of Boston, he ordered barrels of #cider to help him through the strategy. Sounds a lot like our day here!
True. But let's focus on blocks of teaching and learning for teacher's first. Is there a perfect schedule out there?
And there's your goal Krejci...2-1 Bruins
Trying to recover enough for the Twestival and salsa dancing tomorrow.
I would like to volunteer (if volunteers are still needed) for #mcn2010. How do I go about doing this?
Thanks for the explanation. I'm still confused.
"you only want me when i’m (taken with Instagram)"
Thank you, Fatty Crab, for making the UWS tolerable
how many do you want a day, what is your goal? 623-255-4088 ext1 mst lets talk
U ever see some shit that just stops everything u doin and have u like
Did you just see a ghost!!!! OMG !! #LarkVoorhies aka
I want some freeze dried ice cream!
Unfortunately I thought it looked somewhat more masculine, if you catch my drift...
Happy Birthday Enjoy your 19 years on the planet, and hope your day rocks your socks off!
And I should add, I live across the street from the Neon Museum. Still, my #BurlyCon -addled eyes demand MORE neon!
The cats out of the bag now!
come back?
A 7 hour trip turned into over 10 hours but finally home. Time for bed up in 6 hours. Great weekend.
I would assume so.
Hi, cute leprechaun! Just wanted to wish you a Happy St. Patricks Day. Love you! :) xoxo
hey girl didnt i meet u at eddie murphys house?????
Be a little inappropriate!!!
Im so hungry!b
sorry for missing that last tweet on Tuesday! Zac Brenner in the Office for Teaching, Learning & Assessment.
i would definitely volunteer for my sister if her name was picked at reaping
not really... I'm bored out of my mind D: lol
I absolutely did not need to hear the song "How to save a life" by the fray right now.
Great ? Not sure if has discussed this formally. Perhaps at the #AAA2012 ? For now, we'll huddle and get back to u.
#Imagine Austin running his finger through your hair while singing you a song.
Praying for your happiness , hope that you recover.
. the diss. will be avail. in several months, and looking to have it out as a book in the next 11 months. Will let u know. thx
Why do we keep having problems with #iowa they are not that good. Stop the turnovers.
Not yet Vicente. Focused on the 50 states for now, but if there is demand in Mexico, we will be there! Shine responsibly!
I want to know how much money Blizzard is making today.
Thank you for sharing. Go Kings!
I agree, but most people have an investment in apps like RunTracker which makes it hard to switch.
where u been?
Bout to go to my room.
Katy Perry: Blue hair. Nicki Minaj: Pink hair. Rihanna: Yellow hair. Lady Gaga: Green hair. I thought the Power Rangers were cancelled
At a cocktail reception, I referred to Amnesty International as "The Gucci of Social Justice." I wasn't even drinking.
Are there discount tickets being offered 4 'Jazz Moves Columbus' shows? I'd love 2 take my wife but need affordable tickets. Tkx!
said son, age 5, to me: When I become a spy, you can be my sidekick.
Hey! I just met you. And this is crazy. But here's my number, so call me maybe?
so the bull is going in Courtney's rooms right?
The infinitely little have a pride infinitely great
#ff #followalibrarian because I keep figuring out how to do twitter by watching him! & he's got a great info stream going besides!
Flame throwers are on stage now... #FatTuesdayReloaded Brought to u by
who's wheat will take the seat
Are you toying with any playful themes for your wedding? Do share!
This new layout is a Twitter fail, as far as I'm concerned.
I'd be gleeful if Glee got cancelled.
Both #CAA semifinals. Updates here. First game between Drexel and ODU just after 2:00.
I can't believe it! is 16 all ready<3 I hope you have the best sweet sixteen ever cutie!
Oh darn! We can only offer our other 5 mainstage plays this year. Starting April 20 thru Nov, but not for First Date.
Happy birthday , wipe Orlando off the floor! Good luck
lol.yeah,open ears can be informative.Now you know more than many people do.If you really needed to know is anothr question.
yea....I could use some helping trending a Happy 20th Birthday to Taylor Lautner because his is tomorrow!
let's agree to disagree, kind sir ;) miss you
yeah! Tomorrow baby :)
just one reply on my side lol
Do you know how I got here? I failed many times before but I kept going.
out of all my pics yu chose that one. Why ohh why? Lol =)
Aww don't worry you can do it! :)
Pick an appropriate toothbrush & toothpaste, get the toothbrush & toothpast into the mouth, begin brushing.
they really are I look on random pages and there they are saying how Tiffany is amazing I'm like Erm alrighty then.
I was thrust into square three! My husband and I were made an offer we couldn't refuse. Biz owners in distress, friend of a friend.
Long but great day #onset yesterday for "Secret Life of Walter Mitty"
Now listening to #Ready by I'm ready for love, I'm ready for love!!!!!!!
Stay at it friend. tenacity is more important than opportunity, differentiation, intellect, or innovation. You can bank on it.
Ive decided i am going to cut my bangs straight across and put some blonde in em(:
vitamin that is!
Thank you for being our 600th follower!
ME! Thank god<3 it's the weekend finally! I have istep next week though... Poo.
Heading to the Governor's Mansion for a Holiday Tour! Pictures to follow.
sweet! There are a ton of people who work there that go to #marshill hope you get it!
enjoyed myself
It gets annoying from time to time I gotta ignore her in order to let her know we friends and nothing more
Every patient should be a partner in medical decision-making. That can only be accomplished through compassion and respect
Finally school is out!! Time to embrace my inner fattie....
So you know that terrible album that keeps showing up in your heavy rotation? Yeah, that was me.
board now fend to text every girl numba i got in my phone ...
There's some tall folks. You'd fit in! #trapeze #aerial RT : I want to learn. Too tall?
You're so cool, please keep calling my phone and screaming penis
#NewOrleansSaints suspended Coach Sean Payton wont be sidelined completely. He's agreed to coach his 12 year old son's football team
OH: "I am okay with your tech support folks swearing. It means that they are not following a script."
I LOVE HATERS <3 They keep me motivated and keep me true to myself!!
“: Mormon backwards is moron.” oh...okay
feels that
you are hot very nice ass
I really like your response to the RWW post!
WooHoo Synchronicity Red Wine Blend just got off the trucks and sampling at Spec's on Richmond... Come try it!!!
Don’t let angry people make you callous. Keep the right attitude no matter the circumstances. SeanLetwat
Reading episode features Maryanne Wolf (), Marcel Just (), and Charles Perfetti (), all of whom rocked.
You know you're obsessed when you do all your work to #TheHungerGames trailer music (props to T.T.L.'s awesome "Deep Shadow" track).
And good morning, even though it's raining.
RT : all white yacht party leaving an undisclosed bay in miami...this is birthday celebration in 2011.
O.O RT Mother's Day #classic is my whole family in the car singing 'Let Me Show Your How Your Pussy'...mom too! Great day!
TONIGHT is the *last performance* of LATW's National Tour: The Rivalry Gates Concert Hall, Newman Center
Thanks for the line up. Infineta will be showcasing their tech at EMC World. Any interest and/or opening to talk WAN Optimization?
Snow White auditions tonight! Call 412-243-6464 for details and an audition slot. P.S. Do you have any friends who are talking mirrors?
thank you :) haha do i know you?
Dowloading turn to you right now!!! Cant wait to hear it its number 8 already ahh cnt wait to hear it(:
Giving money to OFA? RT : I can't think of anything I'd enjoy less than giving money to Mark Zuckerberg.
I'm looking at more specific program offerings, such as community informatics and/or a more advanced reference focus.
Lost 5lbs woo here I come #summerBody! ;)
In lieu of recent events at the W Hotel, Wine Down Wednesday (6/29) has been cancelled. We hope to reschedule this date in July. Our...
My people skills are just fine thankyou, It’s my tolerance to idiots that needs work.
pretty cool but you're crazy
wow he's a genius
Rubio: Look, Obama could give this same speech, only better. But the media is interested in me and I wanted a hashtag.
Sleepy time.
awh. I'm blushing. No wait, that's just the opium. Water... need water...
u sure bout tht
High roller.
A doc says no, find another way to get his attention. #s4pm - walking away just turns off docs from the next ePatient even more
Thanks, Jamie!
Starting my mini vacay to SF with a muscle relaxer. Unfortunately I actually need it. Fun at any cost!
Taking math to the max - Minot Daily News
Obligatory Friday the 13th tweet. Has anything really terrible happened today? Or rather, what really terrible things have happened today?
I fuck wit street n#iggas dats what I raised round if I aint never sell dope, or hang round real killers you ll never catch me sayin I did
Harvard Institute for academic librarians is great! Long, rigorous week and totally worth it!
better not be the selfish one.
An ant has no quarrel with a boot.
I h8 u
Did anyone see the new show #Scandal last night, I think I have a new Thursday night favorite!
Let's do it. We'll need to get to Skype in or something.
": I miss everyone in 's avi. Thats really sad actually.." we needs to get together!
I mean, how long is that thing going to last.
See what happens when you fuck around.
I hope they bring me some david wilson and boykins in the draft...
Awesome video of Man U. Getting the news. Unbelievable.
Read the newest spotlight on Carla Perlo Founder & Director of Dance Place. danceistheanswer.blogspot.com
Love watching
gotcha, unfortunately that happens, but we'll get you the right one. Let me know if you don't hear back from our CS team today.
Who’s hungry?!!
We think he might be rat terrier/whippet. He's NOT a pug! Denny found the poor baby, no collar, no chip :-(
More people see your content off your site than on your own website.
Cabin in the Woods is AMAZING!! Pure genius! Perhaps the greatest horror movie ever!
I know ! I was freaking out ! Hopefully it's soon !
Exactly. That's why Twitter is awesome. You guys understand my frustration :)
“: when u gotta be in Miami? Hope u see some action in a Knicks Uni man: im a huge fan, Keep grindin... #Knickstape” tmrw
that sucks
You get what you earn on Valentines Day.
FYI We serve both #DrPepper and #DietDrPepper at Chick-fil-A at Arden Fair RT : Why drink tomorrow what you can chug today?
I wish people would read the book rather than waiting for sub par movie adaptations.
Use herb teas with Siberian ginseng, citrus or warming spices to achieve an invigorating effect (instead of caffeine).
Soo bummed disbanded. I want another fuckin album!
good people deserve it you.
"I don't know if this is a good strategy, but it seems to be a strategy." - Chris Webber on the Clippers intentionally racking up technicals
My wish would be for you to wear the pepto-paladin IRL and ingame. for a whole day.
Wow. Was so windy riding through Cambridge tonight. Nearly got knocked off bike.
yes. register with NameCheap, host somewhere else, like
Thanks for following me
that's true, I find Twitter better for this kind of 1on1. I find Facebook best for interacting with my group of close friends.
Just do it, just do it.
i wish to see it tonight
White lips, pale face, breathing in snowflakes.
I'm writing unexpected shit. Must have fucked the beat while the condom broke...
it's days like these when i wish I had a big yard and a pool.
SITTIN HERE WATCHING #AMERICAN IDOL
or drinking (bootleg country) RT : whats Dabo been smoking?
My 10 year old sister is apparently wearing 3 inch heels to her 4th grade graduation. I just threw up in my mouth.
If I Die Today, I Just Want An Egyptian Lover Vinyl In My Casket Made Of Gold..
Merry Christmas......!
excuse me? no small people over large flames?
Ps: congrats on being a new uncle babe. All best wishes to your family hun xx
you know we LOVE you too!!!!!! xo
usually hold your buys for? I'm very interested in your strategy.
I don't understand any of 's tweets. Are they about football? Are they about life? I'm SO confused!
ok ok ok!
Would not blame you for giving up.
hell yeah we a great group of losers haha !
hahahahahaha that's better
i just refuse to hear no...just like u bro. That 13 hour car ride...thats what its about. Cant nobody take that from u.
thanks for following Bryan yer sausages sound sinfully divine!
Lots of good conversations the #NYVO Mixer, but the best was with Amy Snively and Pam Tierney. Welcome advice from two good friends.
Whoa! That was the most fun I've ever had on the internet!
favorite coffee in nyc? (ours = ninth street espresso or balthazar bakery...close tie.)
"Don't tell me the sky is the limit when the stars are up above"
Take what you can. Give nothing back.
who doesn't like dubstep?! It shall be a good time!
so angry there was a mouse in my tub last night!!! how did that guy even get in there????
You can't work out shit with a mf that dnt wanna be worked with... Think about it
Thanks! Also - great list of
no problem haha. ((:
RT #NeverShouldYouEver take a good thing for granted . It only hurts you in the end .
congratulations buddy may God help you on your journey to win super bowls for the #pats #rings RT?!?!
Am I the only person who has nightmares where all my teeth fall out?
unnecessary I think!
On my way to get things set up at Walgreens for !
Find the Future looks awesome! Such a huge endeavor with great results. Well done.
Looking to up my musicianship. Anyone have any recommendations for bad habits I can take up?
Morning little bro, make sure you work on something that revolves around your dream today.Ex:Write,Beats,Network,Ur Niche
-just finished my 1st speech of the year...!!!!!
Ditto. RT I'm old. I remember a time when there was no Klout. Just your reputation. And that mattered more than any number might.
Let's try this party invite again now that Twitter is kinda' working.
Nuggets win!
Never again visit friends. U get bad looks and attitude from them. Out eating with the guys
Don't expect things. And when sh*t doesn't work out, go work for Intel.
actually, do you want to help me find geeky things to inflict on my baby? I can make you a contributor to one of my boards
Any George Clooney sightings yet??
Like i said i don't want another guy friend nor a girl friend..
LMAO Omg!!! best tweet
Obviously we not winning the series..clearly it's about the way they played KNOWING they not gon win the series
Fuck it, I'm not going to be sad. I don't have time to be sad in between being awesome.
Sounds like fun to me :)
Believe it or not Obama missed winning his district in 2008 by 2% yet the DNC and VA Dems sent nothing in 2010.
i never thought i'd be in love like this
U miss your friends not? :(
Bourbon in the glass, rib-eyes in the marinade, camera prepped for experimental fish-eye star trail shots, guests on the way.
My pleasure!
Looking forward to a year from now when we will be tweeting about non stop before opener.
I wonder how many people this goes to.
All the ants in the world weigh approximately the same as all the human beings in the world.
holy shit finally home feels good out all goddamn day
I am the real Roxanne.
Owww ma mouth hurts soo bad I wanna cry but lemme suk it up and take it like a woMAN
I'm ready for a good weekend.
oh! Link me. I love zuck gossip.
Sleep is for the weak...
you no answer?
you and sleep don't seem to get along
thanks so much for the follow, and congrats on 'Best Chicago Filmaker'
how's real estate business in Ontario? Congrats on the move!
I'm going to stick up for Kyle here. He gets parked for the weekend for putting some1 in the wall. What did Danica get?
u r way 2 beautiful 4 dat depressing stuff AJ baby :) cheer up
I can`t handle today, i can`t.
#myweakness football players!
#TwSIG meme is idea that goes viral. twitter has some like #ff or #mbtafail Prof caught with red velvet cupcake.
#BlackMamaQuotes you gone do what I say cause your ass don't pay nann damn bill in here!
a couple weeks ago I was attacked by a dog. I broke a bone in my hand that is in a weird spot & got 17 stitches. The bone will >
Thought listening to PetShopBoys' "Opportunities (Let's Make Lots of $)" would motivate me 4 work 2day. It did not. But I AM feelin' pretty!
lets grab a beer, a bite and do some talking some time?
Awe, big smoochies to you!
I didn't know you did graphic design? Do you have a portfolio online?
one of my queens moms if you want to be a represent your city state or country see what one mom has to say www.myspace.com/tropickids
hehe how cute i love serenading you <3
Mike is the bf right? I've been so out of touch! Shame on me!
Last day of classes. Yay. Last day of grading? I wish.
Thanks buddy :)
chewing your meat? i thought you were watching the OC not porn
Aw! Bittersweet! (hugs) RT they got their seasons best score but finished 17 :(
and then I'll bang ur tuna girlfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009F>
Love to share more about the biz if you direct message us ur contact info tho. Maybe you'd like an invite to our opening party?
I was voted "Mejor Modelo" or Best Model in Spanish :)
Why am I awake. Back to sleep.
i just need to write you at that email address, MissJean?
Jakes Burgers in Brookfield opens on Tuesday! I love the adventure of trying out a new place.
Dang Pacers have me screaming like their my favorite team! Lol. Im.anti-Miami.
Im getting stupid loose this weekend it's my BDAY and u already know what it is!!!!
What'd I say? Am I good or what?
What are you going to do different to positively impact your day?
I think Fullsuit is one of the best beers we make and this year's batch is excellent.
Good morning fans! Today we will crown the new U.S. Women's Open Champion! See you here for play at 8am!
We say, "Not until I eat breakfast!"
That was fun! Thanks, all. #DocMartin ^LG
Welcome to joining us to speak at Corps member graduation. This is
oh yeah! hahaha. Follow me, I love u so much
yeah it is, I was so excited when i saw her, it was like a year & a half 2 years ago
Thank you Mark. I did! Wishing you a wonderful new week.
" your dreams are herby from this day on fucked" hahah i love kingsley
we r lost boys children of the night
RT - The Cleveland Indians pennant from Major League now has be removed due to Charlie Sheen's steroid use. Nothing g...
MetLife re last weeks shoot for them "We loved your pictures from last week and definitely look forward to working with you in the future!"
A gale is a very strong wind= a wind must B2B considered a gale/U.S. government's NationalWeatherService defines a gale as 34–47 knots
Every successful person has had failures but repeated failure is no guarantee of eventual success
Wait until those kids go to school. And you live in the city. And your zoned school can't support a PTA due to lack of interest.
#NF MA' U R BEAUTIFUL
Thanks for the follow! Let it burn!!!!
Super excited to meet Andy Hunt of (& Highland Capital) today
COOPER: Hard To Draw Conclusions From First Four
Oh! Like it.
I hope you happy with your pick, bc I know I am (;
Stupid mouth.. #ouch!
Who wanna have my baby
So delighted to meet and catch up with at #CampaignTech today!
What do u mean?!?!
What about Joseph and the Amazing Techniolor Dreamcoat? One of my all time favorite musicals!
#BestFriend! #IMISSYOUSOMUCH! Where have you been?! I'm worried sick! How's Nanda and her sis?
Thank you, xx That just put a big smile on my face :D
Fascinating findings on formal vs informal learning. Just curious who u administered the survey to.
ok jordan
the other two sandman slim books and Mira Grant Feed and 5eadline
getting ready for school to start next monday.. i cant believe college is already here :)
Last day of school
Chili cheese omelette for breakfast - missing hardcore right now.
I stay up...and you hang up..cool
Coco Crisp...4 sbs one day...the three more days of recovery... :-/
MY beloved dogs always have to let everyone in the neighborhood know they took an early morning pee.
RT for a shout out ;D
swag is your favorite word!!!
a "hot" train. Lol
LOL...you could probably beat Martin up!
Major announcements coming for drugfreehomefoundation.org. Home safety with drug discovery tools for cocaine, meth, heroin, amph
That was random.i wish blade can come on again.its one of my faves
All is well my dude. Still grinding.
Thanks for the shout-outs & conversations today!
My apologies for the crazy pic msg. Obviously my account was hacked. Trying to fix it now.
do you foul now if you are Norfolk up 3?
Listening to on that tune in NOW ASAP #BackInTheDays I was wearing cross colors & chucks
#digitalindia Social media in the context of our missions. JSTOR Facebook page. Users ask questions, say nice things, offer critical advice
The day's almost over...so happy! Almost there...
#TeamSharon all the way! Spooky!
Ah the guy who does my local news is GORGEOUS :')
GOODNIGHT, School tomorrow. Im Outt ;
This is poco loco! everything is going really well. ttys
There are 2 models in my bathroom in my apartment snorting coke… MLINY
Thanks! I think I can make it! :)
Holy week here in Colombia is so different. I definitely have to make a video post about everything that people do.
My hairs getting longer <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
of course! It's been so long since I've seen you! Lmk when you have a show in Nash.
#WeirdThingsToSayDuringSex AUSTIIN! AUUUUUUUUUUUUSSSSSSTIN!! (when guys name is NOT austin D: ) lol, i have no life.
Question: If you listening but dont understand a word im saying am i really talking?
Playing at The Ritz Carlton in Orlando til 3pm today in The Vineyard
Out with the girls(: couldnt be happier<3
I just punched myself in my own mouth while pulling staples out of a canvas.
You can't hit a home run with stepping up to the plate. You can't get hit by lightning without standing in the rain.
Really wish I was in #Omaha could really got for some #CaliTaco right about now!
I can't sleep :(
Hey, I would have selected you #1. Happy shooting.
Stand-By Alert ! ! Compliance -- Sunday
Getting ready to DJ tonight!! Should be and interesting event.
Mexico City word of the day: chido, adj that means cool, groovy, street-level slang. Octavio Paz would not have said "Lorca, chido."
chillin in the wonder women undies, fucks not given.
workshop is very stimulating so far.
the week the movie came out telling people their number on the list I felt so bad watching the light die in their eyes
#TruthIs I like you alot more then you think <3
#EarthDay this weekend, what are you doing to be more Earth Friendly?
Prostrate to me !!! Hahaha... <U+2665>
Good work from Amazing students!
Hey, you know I've had several users state that I unfollowed them. The truth is that I've not unfollowed anyone...
He's an architect. It's all leading somewhere (in addition to the bank).
dear #akronrappers, if u ain't my nigga, & hopefully yall know who yall r, FUCK U!!! im done being supportive...Shine On Pt.2 coming soon
Just a quick note-- I'm not on Hellertown, PA. I'm a MS Tech integrator at an independent school in Baltimore, MD. Thanks!
Here comes the LinkedIn spam...
What's a duvet?
Preparing corporate responsibility and #corpgov materials for my law students. So many great case studies to choose from in the news!
Why are you on my mind 24/7?
The book 150 greatest paintings is great, about a page per painting in discription and a little about artist, wonderful~
Well, when you live in KY, you support KY.
Oye. So much to do before #AAA2010. I've outlined my paper, but it is far from being done. Guess that's what the plane ride is for. ;)
anticipation.... It's making me wait... Making me wait lol
Thanks for follow - I'll be traveling to Amsterdam next month. Looking forward to it!
while I understand the analogy, i have to say that in my limited experience, floaties sped the swimming learning process!
I feel the need to ask a Truther if I am actually typing this.
I'm out in phoenix for a week, so lots of pool side time.
good luck! Once you master driving manual, you can pretty much drive anything!
hey, you know I'm a packer fan. That's offensive
#FollowSkyBlu throwing u some love :)
The only parts of Glee I watch/pay attention to are when Blaine is performing...so attractive
Well, you know, I was a human being before I became a businessman. – George Soros
Celebrating America by knocking yourself out.
Going to the ortho doc. today for my hands. Hope everyone is doing well! :)
wow. The. Worst. Cliche. Ever.
I hate when you're so tired you can't sleep. How does that even make sense?
OK so much to tell you (: xoxo
jfdngdhnstr he's so tan.
IU putting on a clinic early against PSU in terms of ball movement and 3 point shooting.
Starting an Art Deco inspired line of my Economic Bailout Jewelry!!!
Halfway through the only season of "The Black Donnellys." Why was this cancelled? I love it.
Hey EagleHouse! Happy Friday and thanks for the follow!
Cookies & Cream bar. You are my world. <3 :D
Did you enjoy extreme rules?
This sucks.
A thing of beauty, and counterintuitive.
i like where your head is at
In French it's désespoir des singes, or monkey's despair, since it would be such a pain to climb :}
cool. thnx. i read someplace that u have specific criteria on what makes it into the happtique store. i guess all health apps do?
You are not dumb - you did a good thing for the day. Now, you're off the hook!
(c) I'll try to be on more please forgive me<3
Rocking with my new beats (headphones)
stuntin dont even sum it up. I feel like i have put in too much work to still be going thru changes wit these ni99as
tip for a bit of success is live a little and take risks
I'm here if ya'll need me. No bribes required.
"It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction." ~Picasso #quote Do you love your work?
got most of paperwork today calling tomorrow to schedule..I will let you know but it probably won't be while u r there:{
HPH's debut music video "Lacy Lets Go"....Monday people!
Mist came first, then rain, so slow that the drops could be followed as they fell.
- Tell fans if they 'Like' the Bartab Chicago FB Page they'll be entered to win 2 Courtside Seats to Bulls vs. Heat game on 3/14!
thanks for the follow and Avenger's review!
Mane #teamBAM Is Team Yung BAMbino Or Nothing Else F*** All The Other BS - BAM!!!
Govt Accountability Board believes voter turnout was 33% yesterday.
You can't dunk, Luke Wilson - give it up! #AT&T
done..Kara wins!
STFU You Stupid Alarm Im Awake
Playing Santa is hard, esp. when the HDDVR doesn't have built-in wireless and is apparently incompatible with a USB wireless adapter. Ugh.
I get to meet THE Jungle Jim tomorrow,
My top #followfriday pick: - for headlines and breaking news on Milwaukee's business scene.
Sorry, those follows were my bad! Featured your "FOOD!" notebook to new #springpad sign ups last night. I think it's great! :)
so the lesson is for me not to go to SMX if I wan to stay here ;)
Random question: favorite disaster movie?
Good morning Maine! And hello sleet and freezing rain. Ick.
voucher-for-bumping = impromptu subsidized email catchup at LAX.
I'm okay. It was very indirect ("I hate faggots" while walking past). Kid. I feel bad that someone so young has so much hate.
I am just glad he chose Griffey and then took off to run his tourist boats.
This too shall pass......
Want to know a great way to start your morning? Try our Mate Madness Mango Tea It's Yerba mate flavored with mango
I just tried a Tex-Mex omelette for the first time. It was great. What is your favorite omelette?
skip plz if he was clutch hhe wouldnt let wade take tha last shot everyyyytime he cant handle missin tha shot
It's in the mail!
Are we fighting the man or ourselves? WWB(lack)P(anthers)D? Jamal Joseph and Sonia Sanchez #InConvo at 3pm
of course, every vote counts. sorry for the late response but thanks again for following.
#boxing Fans were disappointed cuz Pac man did not show them d type of fights he shown with previous opponents but he surely won the fight.
LOL Tippet talking about embellishment.
I want #oomf to be mine already ..
since u wanna play private dick, ask em how long ago that was
You can't run a race against a #Kenyan and expect to win
Does hair count? Wait you shaved...
I miss him.
wait did the US directioners get to have their DVD's personalized?
“: y r people driving so wreckless? that bad accident @ 3 this morning was caused by a car going east in the west bound lanes.
Carpet cleaning is just like exercise! If you get into a routine and keep it up, you will see great results and feel better for it.
Props to Dallas
when you miss one day I'm kicking your ass out and you can have dick and blake .
Addie and me are up late watching movies in bed. She insisted on watching stahbock pants(spongebob squarepants)
11:11 is my favourite song. I'm so excited for your concert and your new songs
I always did look up to you the most Cap
Got the #NewBing it's awesome!! Now just ready to win the #lumia 900 from
Who's goin to tonight?! ||
I am SO lucky <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
just finished the hbs partners panel for ASW...what a difference a year makes :)
Customer Testimonal from 12-28-11 Luke Miller is haven "Smokin Good BBq" for dinner.... o god its so good!!!
Can you send new email address by DM? Want to invite you to speak at upcoming SPJ program. Thx!
Is this accurate? I believe it is being broadcast...
I'm having my piano moved in tomorrow, do you want me to measure yours in case you want to give Walsh a call?
Girls don't get pregnant and don't have unprotected sex at a young age
Lol! RT : " why u never spoke to me in high school"... " u didn't look good in high school" thats real.
It's lunchtime, I'm hungry
you still streaming tonight?
(Q) Who do you multitask on producing 4 Instrumentals at the same time? (A) All I need is 3 cups of Coffee, 1970s Marvel comic, and netflix.
Don't know about getting you a great deal on Oats and Hay, but with a #TallyCardz you can save a great deal EVERYDAY!
This kid puts GTA IV in my Xbox and screws up my TV
hahahaha a cute face
Headphones confirmed as Day DLC for this journey
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommy's and grannies and soon-to-be mommy's! Hugs-n-kisses...Granny Regina and Granny Pat
Kobe with 18 1st quarter points.
HI BEAUTIFUL! :)
"2006 Fitness, Figure and Ms. Olympia DVD. Get 10 to 55% OFF TODAY ONLY."
Just saw The Devil Inside........... I rate it 3 out of 5 stars........ It was scary, but had no reason??. 0.0
Holy crap! That was insane!
I'm smart. I just occasionally tweet stupid.
I'm on the computer and I know what would be in that little box if it showed emoticon.
checking my email every second for the schedule!! :D
Love Actually you say? Very nice choice.
yay! :D i started it again today i'm on chapter ten already :3
Youth Football Coaches should be the most educated teachers in the country, their students suffer the most from their lack of knowledge.
Governor Perry, nobody wants a child for a president.
Who just ordered a Raspberry Pi? This guy! Should be here in...a month :/
Thank you for following me Orlando. You're my favorite young actor. You were da bomb in That's so Raven. So proud of you O
hey there pretty girl, how are you?? I haven't talked to you in a while!! Hope you're doing great!!!
Wearing the shirt I got from meeting the boyz to cheer
That awkward moment when the radio your work is playing plays a clip of adam talking about Trespassing and you flail to the volume button.
“: lol u haven't struck gold yet” lol girl Boom
sit down and chill bro
White people wear the most terrible clothes and were so concerned about fashion.
You never forget about your family and friends because your in a relationship.
what is that you're reading...
I dont like marriage, money, or Jersey but for some reason, i would kill to be a real housewife of NJ.
If you ever want to feel popular, just ask for a quote on shipping your car cross-country. I'll be taking your calls for the next 15 mins...
damn so you in Arizona right now?
I wanna go home /:
Another bad day. Sigh.
Everything is changing way too damn fast
blehhh i do nothing.
Finna call it a nite style gotta b back at it n the am 7 to b exact...be safe
Chad be having me cracking up. Lmao
Congrats on graduating by the way. Now come to Maine to see me?
For fantasy footballs sake I hope L T has a career high game! I need the points!
Thank you my dear Andras :)
- Sorry about your loss... got to spend several hours a couple months back with Daddy Dale. Went to lunch at TJ Ribs amazing
Expert Advice: How to Start a Website Redesign
Wolfpack win! Bring on Georgetown
The streets were strangely devoid of men this afternoon, that's when I realized it was SuperBowl Sunday
Friday 420 show is gna b killer! Exile is rockin w monstarr n taye tags. Tix r $5 at the symposium in lakewood. Whose supportin the scene?
YES, I DID!
sorry if it sounded cheeky, im just pissed off x
Hey! Sorry we just haven't had the time :( We're definitely trying but we might not be able to participate! SO SORRY!
Currently in a training session - mind = blown. Vive la data revolution!
Worked on the Jo book while eating a cup of corn chowder and a pastrami sandwich.
you'll get more $$ here in NYC :) not that I would know about such things
RT Jersey sponsorship often misguided effort by brand to drive impressions. Successful sponsorship needs to go deeper than that
I'm gonna miss million dollar listing ny !
yea, thought about one, but for a little more $ I can get a #ZaggSparq that will charge more than just my iPhone
but, but...they're EMPTY....and sealed, so I know you didn't drink them (or you wouldn't have been able to reseal them so well).
Better add comedian to your resume.
Stardust', performed here by Louis Armstrong, is an American popular song composed in 1927 by Hoagy Carmichael... fb.me/LzacTO5q
#childishgambino ... enough said.
GET IT IN! YOU KNOCKED IT OUT THE PARK!!!! No homo my Sis is fine!!!!!
I am so frustrated right now. I can't even. Ugh. Finish a competent tweet apparently.
Any of my followers ever get a speeding ticket on your bike? It would be cool if u did.
deff girl Haha Idk if I'm coming Friday or Saturday but only 3 more days (:
What these bodies lack is library data - data about our transactions with faculty, among others
the buggy will be on the streets this summer!
ok Ravens lets play like a raven today
Haha, that's pretty good.
I love my life too much to care about materials I love you babe even though we have so many fall outs
The only good thing coming out of this surgery is the sleep u get on anesthesia
Not good if you have teens at home :-)
Bruh you don't even know. She got buddy tryin to pay for my food to show off and get in good with the team <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
If you are bothered by the TRUTH than you must be living a lie!
If the AP tent doesn't let me take a picture with you I'll commit suicide haha
The Movement Center in NE PDX is great + has community classes; you pay what you can--classes def. suitable for beginners :)
Just stumbled upon a Lamborghini owner's gathering in Spanish Landing! Very cool!
me... I'm the lucky guy
My step mom doesn't even look at me when I come home. I hate coming home.
I know, seems like a lot doesn't it. Clients usually and some fun.
I'm not home now, I'm going home later, I'll tell you when I'm on my way
damn, we probably can't this week but we definitely can next week for ya! listen for our interview with X as well :)
RT #weCantKickIt if u r unemployed
Thank you !
some people got murked, the O's mostly won, Bealfeld is quitting and we doubled down on grand prix dumbness.
If u tell me to do Somethin u can do it yourself... if u ask me politely ill gladly help u outt yo
Bring your kids to see Bugs Bunny at the Symphony at Wolf Trap Park on August 7th!
Praise be to his glorious name forever; may the whole earth be filled with his glory. Amen and amen. Psalm 72:19
Grabbing Peet's Coffee before I head out of Cali & was asked if I wanted "Soy Milk, Goat Milk or Regular Ole Milk" Sorry to be boring!
if a woman is bad a parking its prob just bc she has been constantly lied to about what 8 inches is.
#Dedication & #Motivation gave'em motive 2 hate me!
Thnx 4 the follow Totango! WE Liked your FB pg. Like us back when u get a moment- WE'll appreciate it.
- If Told Me Happy Birthday That Would Be Dope ! :)
ur welcome! keep up the fun tweets! they definitely help entertain me on the bus :)
Taking a picture of the moon is actually really hard... So I'll let you all do it.
What was your favorite holiday event this weekend? The Parade, , or the walkabout?
Somebody keep me posted on this heat/pacers matchup...thx in advance
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Its really hard out here ": I CAN APPLY FOR FOOD STAMPS IN THE FALL! PRAISE JESUS <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>"
Registered for #PubCon this year in Vegas. Pretty excited to get back into the connected world.
Become a friend of on Facebook and receive a special discount on the opening night #film and party! Check now for the coupon code!
Who's ready for the #NbaAllStarGame!? It's going to be the best!
I'm not surprised though.
Followed :D can i have follow back now?
Today the last quarter moon in Aquarius asks "how can we be more objective and tolerant in order to accomplish more during the next cycle?"
OMG. You're making my day sound so much more complicated that it already is (x
And why are my dogs so sleepy??
omg dont look at me
#ithurtswhen you fall asleep at you laptop and it overheats and burns you on the leg
I was asleep by 11pm but I appreciate all the bday love, especially the text at midnight!!
Ah, those are really helpful. Thanks! The tutorial is great and is one of the few *free* ways to make a collaborative timeline
You are welcome ! I'm telling you tha truth you know :-)
#DetroitNewsHub There is so much progress happening in the D, from the Lighthouse project to the #Midtown #SugarHillArtsDistrict you need...
Three duties of non-profit boards: Care; Loyalty; Obedience (from Gian Brosco, LV Community Foundation)
Cold and Rainy, Wednesday Night Seafood Boil is Hot and Yummy at Fresh!
it's been this way since the beginning of time.
they must hv known you are a Celtic fan <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Love the spirit! RT Rise and Shine! It's not even noon and today is already pretty AMAZING!
The worlds most interesting men don't drink "today's special" ever...
When presentations start late; I have to leave early; what to do???
Is it possible the best example of modern medicine, science & industry undermining public health, then being corrected, is breast feeding?
Next up: sean carroll, UWMad Howard Hughes Medical Institute, panelists dan fagin, christine russell, robin marantz henig
At wk... Holla at us people... Starters Fairlane Duh!!!!!!
Cop pulls man over for suspicion of drunk driving. Cop: Sir have you been drinking? Man: No. Cop: Papers. Man: Scissors, I win!
Might be in the ATL :)
A 10% cap exists on child support for the maintenance of the non-obligor in the child support guidelines...
If the cats will actually let me leave the house (all the cuddles right now), then I'm a self-imposed #saturdaylibrarian today.
I saw the truck on campus. The oven is fired up and they're prepping some pies for my #MKTG118 class tonight.
signed up for a kickboxing class yay! :)
Is the ice rink open today?
the girls that get killed first are always the hot ones :(
Congrats, welcome to the team!
jus copped a loud pac/its louder than its ever been/and i got that ellen sniff so cum and get degeneres
you're pretty!!!
Running up a sack
Aquaponics: a New Technology to Recycle Water and Feed a Rapidly Growing Population
i could eat green onion pancakes every. single. day. how's 2012 so far my dear?
so happy atticus is on radio rebel <3
Happy St. Patrick's Day!!! Wishing you all the luck of the Irish!
to much paint either made me high or sick.. i just don't know..
thanks. Been to E. Africa a bunch. Need to go 2 S. Africa soon
im resting till work
Is the Ava Gardner man single?
Lebron confirms commitment to Miami. GOOD! He'll never be worthy of CLE and the great people who call CLE home.
So is boosie out of jail or not?
Chancellor Biddy, glad the Badgers got you a Rose Bowl berth during your tenure. Wear red today! (And get it here! 608-241-8807)
Listening to music
Okay, so I'm not the only person that thinks that too. Good.
when can i get the baconnaise in a store?
truly one of the dumbest articles ever written.
Forgot all about Mother's Day!
I just started a Google spreadsheet to help keep track of all of the attire needed for my impending seven weddings. Yeah, that happened.
Leave it to ceelo to class it up with a drumline.
MT on Capitol Hill for #a4aChallenge. IS 318 afterschool chess program just lost its NY city funding
@ _jennylynn Thx Jenny, I let the driver manager know. He will bring in the driver to have a talk, maybe put him through a refreshment class
Excited to impregnate you with them.
how can you not put the OSU/ Ohio mascot fight in the #top10plays?
woah! Do you have an extra helmet?? I want to be your backrest sometime! ;)
cuz i usually only have time to hop on and run one
Good fortune comes to those who least expect it.
Yep, and Republicans would be patting themselves on the back. Alls fair, right?
#rochmn Awesome job RSO musicians at your Apache Mall performance today! Electrifying and thrilling. The community loved it!
Theres so many things I want to yell at you right now but Im keeping my mouth shut
Hey BO!
I am LIVING for and LOVING on the #DragRace Reunion! Never "RuPaulogize" for being you!
Dying my hair tonight & getting my nails done tomorrow. eeeep! :)
#SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex I'm glad you came.
lol that is true.
JORDAN HILL >>
Okay thank you for laying out the rest of my week really appreciate it.
that was the best night ever!! are you comming back to the next one?
Spoken like a true pro :) RT : @ the #chimobile meetup they ask me what my favorite mockup tool is. I said "pen and paper" it's true
Okay.But rumpusing isn't napping and we may get in trouble!
Back together. <U+2661><U+2661><U+30C4><U+30C4><U+2665><U+2665>
thank u.pathetic
Uploading video now! It will be up soon! <3 ya guys!
LPA is a different bldg than the rest of NYPL. We're just 1 branch of many! Will do our best to show off our bldg.
Think I might sneak out of this one early and grab a seat for Betty White.
YOUR ONE OF THE GREATEST GUYS THAT I KNOW(: YOU ARE VERY SWEET AND FUNNY! I REALLY WISH I COULD MEET YOU ONE DAY<3Mahomie4Life
Homework time, then blog time. I should be to bed by 4.
more relaxing for you
I still got a final to take today but later tn I'm in
OMG rad! Ask for his gorgeous Processing sketch for Adv. Animation. It's TOTALLY a collectible wall piece. DO IT
We moved!!!! Look for us at 2600 n. high!!!!!
FINALLY GOT MY LAPTOP FIXED
Me at my house : Tweeting Me at school to my friends : Do you know that austin is my man ? Me in my bed : Dreaming of him<3
started new notebook for future projects cause my mind keeps wandering there, even tho i have to finish a billion projects 1st
Are you guys going to the Google Engage event tomorrow?
Grr I need to write a new item list. This is going to take a few hours O_o
Well i been in town for just 15 minutes now.
That is what mota did as a brewer!
<U+270B> RT : Shoutout to the people going to prom today, sore from dancing last night.
Can't wait to see your human billboard! -
My dads taking forever to leave the house -___-
RT : #NF I like the thought process, opinions of your own! NICE << Thanks!!
I think we're long overdue for an Offshore pint. How 'bout it?
10 hidden Easter eggs found on websites
The best part about that class W'land Hills was .... EVERYTHING
I know i forgot to tell u something while you was here
see ya soon
Let's go #Seneca Wallace!!
I know!!! But I should've known, a hottie like him wouldn't be that small lol
Can you follow me please? I love you su much! Never change, you're amazing. Kisses. I'm proud of be simpsonizer16
I'm tired of looking at food and can't eat food F$$k This bought to test Moms
we've got the product to do just that! Just lean meat, cornmeal and spices in our #scrapple - its not offal at all!
i LOVE #Boyfriend , i can't stop hitting play <3
Will u get me some lemon soap? Thx! Do you still sell the lemon soap."
>:?=my mood throughout today!
Thank you for the mention - we #appreciate that!
Ready for another great day of good ol' Army recruitment.
No #school no #work love weekends like this LOL! Wish they would come more often
I like my music loud. Real loud.
well keep looking
I'm really beginning to hate the word "swag".
Sure, I design interactive museum exhibits and would be happy to review Museums @ Play. Any chance of securing a copy?
We absolutely can take care of that for u. Charge depends on a few factors. E-mail me details I'll investigate
why's that? haha
I'm living the dream and you're not. How do you like me0meow
as am I.. Trade ur xbox in lol
The Only Way is Essex is my guilty pleasure show for sure.
If i give you a compliment accept it, don't deny it.
Finishing up the last day of the state legislative session. Long day; Repubs crazier than usual.
heard you were dancing to instagram :)
Told my son, let's go do something.We're at the comic book store.Shoot me now
Just wrapped up the first staff meeting of 2012. It's going to be a productive and very busy year
What exactly does the phrase "roll tide" have to do with elephants and Bama? I'm confused
Magic number for #foodhub financial viability seems to be $1M in gross sales
RT : Luv the pic Eric and hat rocks! ,,kudos to Aaron!
Oh geez. I just saw the headline now. The damage estimates seem huge. Once I have a few spare moments, I'll dive in. Thanks!
Apparently she still does random TV, VO, and was in There's Something About Mary. Thanks, IMDB for pointless info!
Exactly. That's why get so frustrated that Congressional DEMs won't go on offense, push them back on their heels like PBO does.
All the mentions are gone from my Twitter interactions tab. So if you're trying to talk to me, I'm not ignoring you. Twitter is.
better hustle ..can't play without my 2nd baseman
RT The older I get, the more I think I owe my parents an apology...
RIP sweet Mr Dick Clark! You will be missed.....
Stay warm! 18 inches of snow? We were struggling here in Seattle with 1/4 of that!
Agreed very sad news. We all pray for peace and an end to terrorism. Hamas MUST be stopped!
Hearing a Holocaust survivor tell her tale makes all of my life's stupid problems seem, well, stupid. Thank you, Raye David, for sharing.
your "friend" blaming about things that are serious and then being friends with them again. . . your a sick person lmao GROW UP
The best Gyros in Milwaukee!!!!
it's alright. Miss you!
eating diner late... big appeitite/ later gonna watch a scary movie wit my cuzins. Good nite ;)
thats the only thing I hate about being southern :p
my dad tells me look what I bought ! Lmao
ok i'll be visiting the mid of Feb(mardi gras) & don't think i'll be down again until the end of march. but keep me posted
I'm taking a bit of a break. We all race against our circumstances more than anything (Thanks for the insight)
There is parking available on Jennifer St and the surrounding blocks. Dinner will not be affected. Thanks!
it would mean the world to me if you tweeted me or followed me back..
SI is about to release a report outlining heavy drug use by UCLA basketball. Do they realize that this will help recruiting?! Go Bruins!
text me :) I have a wild story
Remember when mullets were, like, a *thing*?
#youknowyouregettingoldwhen your over drinks conversation includes bank accounts.
#futurewewant - a world in which everyone has the freedom to realize their potential in whatever domains they are drawn to
Why is it always long n crazy days the week b 4 school starts...ugh
Happy Belated I new it was last month or this month. I am so glad your staying true to what you do. Be blessed
If you want to see Avenue Q there are only tickets left for 5/6 and 5/13. 635-PLAY
Thxs! RT : Deference to Ed K & Memphis, best ribs are at Twin Anchors in Chicago www.twinanchors.com & they have lots of Sinatra
- RUT Hockey wants to know how skiing is going today?
I hope you're right but the US part sounds totally absurd.
#smh nasty bitches these days!! What happened to classy one's, like us?
My #LRPD are abslutely pro tward Occupy. I support my PD. But I stand w those of Denvr, Oaklnd, NY, who deal w unneeded brutality
Girl has screen name "baconlovesme" on okcupid.
New Links page is up.
wat she need
It was sad. The Monster Kolor still looks gorgeous on them. So sparkly shiny, just ruined in spots. Harumph.
You definitely should Wasn't that such a sweet idea? I loved receiving them!!
dropping this beat tonight
Heading to #SanDiego today for the Pacific Sociological Association mtgs
awesome. Thanks, you too! :)
oh goodness ariana. Your version is by far the best :) hahaha
get used to cracking up you're stuck with me for at least a year >:D
Cute concept! Good luck doll!
: need federated architectures for big data work, both for people and infrastructure
Stocks decline further ahead of closing bell. Key avgs down 1 to 2 pct.
please follow me
Why be someones something, when you can be someones everything?..
it got worse I didn't get to tell you yet
I am going to need you to stow away in my luggage. K, thanks!
time for some track practice! Good morning rain.
I really think Heejun went as far as he deserved. I really hope he gets a record deal, though.
ha I knew what you were saying :)
: Funny comment on the pro-administration opinion piece on Thanks for keeping up w/ CU's j-school!
It's raining! Woo~
I just did a 30 minute dumbbell routine. I kinda liked it too.
22 min to redeem 22 years
how my timeline blows up when tweets.
Eagerly awaiting our April stats so I can see if the Children's circulation is up again for the 4th month in a row...
MORGAN!!! Your So Pretty! :)
Multi-tasking, catching up on Facebook...watching the Acad.Awrds. Intrigued by the group I just noticed...Karma Experiment-Pay It Forward
My Mom is head banging to Bad Co. right now.
Starbucks will be giving FREE brewed coffee all Thursday if you bring your own mug. Take that tax man!
The more things change, the more they remain... insane. Michael Fry and T. Lewis
lol I mean they tweet in 08 I wasn't going by that drag name then lol they got 1 follower and tweeted twice lol and the name
Just woke up and thought to myself, "Wow...what a great day to be a genius." I'd love to hear how I've inspired YOU today?
RT : Teachers send your email your bio/resume and a recent photo to .
me And my girl Elana
Don't look for bug references, look for "uninhabitable". Look at Arlington law for with holding rent with escrow accounts.
#FF To our Followers!
okay i fount the to songs i got to start foot working thats my stretching exercise
Getting ready to go sit for the #cprp certification exam.
I'm here to!
#WhenAustin tells his Mahomies how much he loves us makes me really happy. :') [From ]
thanks. Yes, happy and relieved. (Hasn't fully sunk in yet!)
Wet as fuck.
New shipment alert:JOVANI, JASZ COUTURE & DANA MATHERS! We're open till 7...feel free 2 drop in & get glammed up!
Needs a new program to record music with...that isn't audacity....
Omigosh in Wizards, Selena put potato chips on her sandwich just like me. And we both eat pickles on pizza...and everything. Haha
Someone inform the Angels manager that Kendrys Morales may just be your best hitter and should be in lineup. Callapso, Trumpet, Aybar uh NO!
SO IM SPENDING 2 BANDZ IN THE CLUB TONIGHT
Again....beer is really good.
Sorry, just seeing both text and tweet now. Congratulations!
Good Luck.... many many luck
amen sista!!! Total insanity !!!! People like that needs to make disappear ;);)
that's awful, poor dog!
Of course Hamels defended baseballs history. Harper was a threat to Coles personal website online store
i...need you to see me this is so hard.... Please #tweetmecody ...
yeah, the limited edition ones. What size you need??
These days, I'd rather read the article than watch the report.
No, please send an email w/ your information to
Hello from Portland, my old friend! Hope the news in Charlotte is treating you well this Monday
the bus is late and we have a new driver today.. how lovely. i'm about to just go home.
At Clovis's Colonial Golf Course, local man Weldon Killough hit a hole-in-one at the course's eight hole. Four others saw it happen.
Anyone ever had problems putting together IKEA furniture? Like they cut the pieces wrong or something? This is supposed to be a science.
With Duracell myGrid you can charge up to 4 devices at one time!
when tumblr doesn’t work, i’m forced to go on facebook..
This little grl hit her big ass head we was ctfu
RT : RT Don't miss "Easter Ministry Partner Night" tonight at 7pm at , Vision from , & Giveaways!
#nw Malibu's Most Wanted. This movie has me weak!!
Only thing I can provide to a smoke session is the food... that's all I'm worth.
Just swam 100 laps!! Feels so good!!
Calm, beautiful day to be out on East Bay. Kayak anyone?
also, i still love you both, regardless of the haters <3
True..I like his whole take care cd though
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder.
Our 1914 icebox sits over a 3-lb lead sheet w/an old well beneath. Walls may be lined w/tin, zinc, cork, seaweed, other....
hi!! It will be up any day now! THANK YOU for the support!! It will be posted on tinyurl.com/marlenebrehmmusic
Great meeting you in London! Lets keep in touch bro!
See You There :D And Thank you! (: Cant Wait!
And I you!
immediately! You can find me under the avatar cow poke ;)
I told my girls you can get it
whoops! try it now :)
you had enough pizza the other night! Lol, 9 pieces? Love you Dylan! (:
hash tag that shit
the only bum on your list going to be thrown out is obama
Called my mom at lunch to ask to make me a cake FTW!
my mom wants me to get a job so I'll definitely apply and we can work together! (:
youre in Houston sir? Welcome!
man, you are lucky they don't tar and feather people anymore....
Really don't want to be dealing with this shit right before prom
[film] the distinct difference between green and blue, leaves against sky, birded
This heffa really thinks she can hang wit me?! Man you haft to be dreaming!
constant shuffling of the chairs isnt doing us any favours. We missed our chance of a generational leader in '07
Obama's visit of the campaign finance ATM machine otherwise known as California. My story for
yea if my mom gets the battery
is working hard to produce what is MUCH bigger and greater than I am . . . which equates to little sleep. : )
That was really funny! Loved Crafty and the pizza... :)
I've learned you can't have your materialist philosophy and tag it too.
When tells a 6 yearold that their "crapping her style" #ohgosh!
At a sketchy restraunt with
Remember the MJ one-on-one fiasco?
Haha, he's in a big black suburban
It's so loud inside my head with words I should have said.
Simone Browne and Allison Clarke, great discussion of structure and unstructure of digital realm, hashtags for activism & hate.
Good Morning Twitter
Would I need to change the register line in the skin to point to the skins folder instead of desktopmodules/ddrmenu?
Something about the bookstore... It feels so safe here. Comforting but exciting.
A closed mouth won't get fed
Got leather jacket for $7 in Redondo Beach thrift store yesterday. Red Smarty says it's a women's coat. I don't care! Goes w/ my girl jeans!
give a follow
Beg to differ my friend, the bro and I have thrown down some VH in our old band and he can still lay out 'Eruption' today.
Hahaha true story RT : My cousin Meg is a genius. The #Jaguars are the District 13 of the NFL.
Seriously I've discoverd it before but it's happend like twice today and I think and tweet the same things!!
This is cramped!!!
I am quite enjoying the back and forth about the
No NBA yet. this some bulls...!
Happy Day After Thanksgiving! We're closed today while we recover from all the great food from yesterday. See you tomorrow!
I must look like Wells Fargo bc mutha fuckas always begging me for money.
thanks all
Are the #Hawks the team to beat in the east?
Happy Monday! New Spring Spray Tanning Specials! 3 tans for $75!
I think whiskey is cool.
Does anyone else NOT like GMail's new modern themes? No fluidity to me at all.
another couple of angelic Trayvons
Lets make those request at your local radio station for "Gettin Em" by new single
I do!
I am so hungry!!!<U+E404>
I copied tht part from alan! Lol you shld of asked vivi.
Waiting for my canvases to dry. Ugh.
But as we continue to stay
I exist if I'm online. Or...If I'm online, I exist?
RT : Don't let your pride get in the way of you following me on twitter
27NB 11 min early or 20 late. 27SB due at 1 at least 15 min late. I've given up waiting.
you would have to lockbox your firearm in the truck. And every time you wanted to carry, go to trunk. By then you could be hit
Ok..and..Ik About jamie laou and all that,But what do u mean a fish n hony bee???
You from the country tryna act hood.. But once some hood ass peoples walk in you shut up.. You ain't hood. Sit tf down.
what makes me understand the paradox is his discussion on how science & the law worked to make some people seem sexually deviant
Milk?! Don't worry about a thing. I got you
I really do hate FB I scroll like maybe five scrolls down that biatch and I have to get out of there.
#ThingsIDontHaveTimeFor the unexamined life
Hm. That's a low bar. Lot of bastards in the Senate right now. But I agree he is one of them!
go go power rangers >:D
Hey, those pants allow for a full range of movement.
middle of an abandonded barn in the middle of ghost country
#favmoviequote 'Christ in a cartoon' Con Air/Nicholas Cage
Very interesting. I also think energy of good conductor somehow magically helps musicians. Inexplicable connection.
haha me 2! btw i got my check for that book
Brewers are kickin ass!!!
Forgive & forget
Ah *jealous* Bwahahahaha
I was just asking
went too hard tonight..
When two people really care about each other. They will always look for a way to make it work, no matter how hard it is.
no........ Yesterday he told me it was his...
I got you
I'm on a boat....take a real hard look at....
Im. So. Hungry.
Attempting to ball
the next few days should be filled with spinning since I can't spin for the next 4 months
I agree it's not really creative, we could incorporate something else. I just thought its a good way to get everyone involved
New Mexico St win tonight and were off to the big dance once again!!!!!
#OOMF Has an amazing ear for music.... :)
I love and miss you too! & alright! Too excited! (:
Weeks was the #2 pick overall. Best player in college baseball. Frustrating. Disagree? Yes?
I need to make some fly business cards!
It's a matter of contracting/exposing... Give/get is something you do w/ a gift not
For The meeting of the minds, Steve Allen spent 1 year in prep and production for one show. It's historically PBS #1, still avail on NPR
Heading to the market in calf high socks and Birkenstock, channeling that LA/Portland hybrid swagger
REMEMBER DIS! YALL GOT JOBS AND AH BOSS 2 ANSWER 2 EVERY DAY U CLOCK IN AND OUT! I AM MY OWN BOSS PPL WORK 4 ME AND I DNT WORK HARD AT ALL!
I think that's Sammy Hagar and he's pretending to not be able to drive 55.
thx Duno if u saw correct hh but Tyler opens w heaps Eli cals with 40bbs but its Eli, I call Bb. Tyler bets Eli raises I jam20bbs
best weekend
Thanks for the shout out!
i love u JB
I have to say my outfit is kicking some serious ass though. No frumpy librarian look for me!
Irish Band needed to play at a Midlands racecourse on Easter Monday. Any ideas - please contact me asap.
you're both made for each other, you cheating, dumb assholes.
Re singing. Love it!!
Will everyone please look at this beautiful incredible moon
The power of our dog's farts never cease to amaze me. #GoodMorning! You can't help but ask, what did you eat? When you know exactly what...
I should be completing this certification test but uhm....I'm not going to my car now to get it.
Ha! Any special beer to celebrate the special day?
can you follow me :-)
Mommy leaving me today !
cant wait!
Aw shit, soo much stuff to do. :'/
Glad you had a good time!!!
why not you can go with youe friends
That "Hellie Pad" theme music rocks
Keep your friends close and your enemies fat.
Merry Christmas everyone!
Welcome !!! Could not be happier tonight!!!
Lmao Funny shit I need a dose of fuck it
Great day!!!! Now swimming and drinking with the wedding party :)))!!! Fun fun!!
that is a terrible towel...you a packer fan yet?
What are your favorite bedtime rituals?
There's ony by on role of brand for nonprofits and one by CEP on their new strategy tool - yes, COF LA - you?
omar told me too ask you cause he be doin some dry ass crossovers . he need a personal trainer.
- Smdh Naaa , I Needa Met Hiss Cool Ass Cause I needa tell him about his self & That dirty word . Ctfu
HAPPY 4th JULY<U+E312><U+E310> <U+E117><U+E440>
thx buddy. Non tech guy doing more than I should. Fixed but not by me
I was just at Costco too (dropping off ink cartridges) and wondering the same thing. Parking was a ZOO
Thats why I am going to sue.
I love that even in a nationally-available webinar, I see someone I know in the attendee list. :D
Yup! How long has it been since I actually like... Saw you though?
As is this amazing free agency frenzy. As fans, what did we lose? HOF game? I'll live. Lack of Hard Knocks hurts, tho.
I HAVE AN ANNOUNCEMENT!!!! i will be Reposting ALL parts of my story TOMORROW!! then i will be posting PART 7! for the first time :)
Notifyall is based out of Albuquerque but we can provide services nationwide. Please share our page with your friends. Thanks for LIKING us.
yes she is and I can't give my child a way maybe if I was octomom or something
Sully would still hit that, lol.
Hey beauty queen have a great weekend xoxo
Have A Good Day ": “: Goodmorning Cutie ;*” Goodmorning:)"
good answer on castro
I'm at #blogher11 with the Jimmy Dean team. It's awesome!
Lol you tell me first why you think that then i"ll tell you (:
Watching S2E3 of "Kingdom": That's supposed to be an American accent. Ha! Gotta love it!
Felicity Jones, Kristin Scott Thomas and Tom Hollander Join Cast for Ralph ... - Hollywood Reporter
I would love to see what me and Ne-Yo could come up with in the Studio. This guy is dope!
O'Banion: 6 draft core principles 1) est. significant connection 2) integrated/mandatory intake programs 3) Programs of Study for all
When I'm chopping together cover art for that involves Clippy, I know it was a good episode. Out later today!
hey girl
Merry Christmas!
Got tickets to see T.I. in 4 minutes! Are you listening? - Dustin
Does Raw Dog/Sirius air your work?
we are blaming you not google! I live here and you said you were going to wait for us. :-)
Good morning! Safe travels. I was just thinking that you'd be flying into darkness tonight. See you at 5-ish.
omg. they sound perfect for me: "cheesy and repetitive"
Ha! RT : great show. Let me know when Delapena gets that 911 Carrera.
So #AgentDLV was so excited, he decided we should have 5 lucky winners! Congrats ! DMs!
No Cesc, Pique or Sanchez in the starting lineup.
Thanks for the mention
Chocolate cake at work for the win ! :D
No We Didnt , I Think We Should Text About It NOW
who are you voting for and why?
Thanks! It should be tons of fun. Wish you could be there too!
We're in search of a Male host for our competition. To Apply, send email with info\Pic to . You will Co-host with female.
Dude had game...sad to see him go.
I have urged coverage. I think we're working on it? Missed the start.
A little over 1/9th of the world was tuned into the game today.
true true. Goodluck :)
Donation allows Racine P.D. to get third patrol canine
Would at some point enjoy a superhero fight crashing through my apartment. Just not while I'm in the shower. Whedon, take note.
Going to bed listening to Bon Iver and texting Steph about our old memories >
Data needs to be clean. Garbage in garbage out.
Chocolate and coffee may be the only thing that keeps me from killing my dad tonight.
Love this image!
Loving the Blue Star happy hour for
“: Then stick up for Carissa but don't tweet about how Amanda is fat cus clearly you need to look in a mirror” HAHAHAH
Watching #CollegeOfCharleston at Davidson
Doing make-up work is NOT the business right now -.- I regret not doing them on time.
Who would you like to see profiled in upcoming issues?
I missed that too. Was switching over to football
Not sure but good so far except for battery. :( RT : Is that the phone from the commercial that totally bash
these next two weeks need to go by FAST!
Oh, broody!
I got my own place I couldn't live with my mom NO SEX AT ALL ;(
Do not deceive your self. Do what you say and say what you've done
I can be such a girl sometimes.
So I purchased contacts today. Haven't work contacts since high school. Not sure how I feel about them.
I'm confused
Praying for you, my friend. Feel better.
Lights out on #FNO?
Ohh you mad? Too bad!
TweetDeck would be perfect if I could respond to fb status updates w/o leaving the deck
Days like today make me miss Let the Everglow rocking commence!
Today exhausted me...I am going to sit quietly for a bit, then eat, then gym, then blues dancing. I bet I'll be exhausted tomorrow too...
Congressional lobbying techniques the same as for door-knock canvasses but w/ higher knock-response rate, lower rate of refreshments given.
#barer time
Nature hike Dunes Natl' Shoreline. We LOVE 2 learn
Only folks still using pagers - old school ER docs and NFL refs, apparently
The admissions officers who were responsible for Vassar's Early Decision mix-up should be punished with a month of meals from "ACDC."
Damn I want you to come over before you head home but shit it might be late af lol
You were fantastic!
I would make u my bitch but u already it lol
we understand. :)
rolling on second action !!
Anyone have a gluten-free solution for burritos? My boyfriend can't eat flour tortillas. This hurts my heart. Help!!!
When the night is fallen,and you cannot find a life.Feel your dreams are dyin,hold tight..
That is going to be one amazing night!! So ready to get my tickets!! Is there a presale or anything?
Seals new CD Soul 2 is out tomorrow and today Heidi & Seal confirm they're separating which is so sad. Interesting timing don't you think??
right?! its going to be a very big show for us!
tracer rounds?
Seeking Fashion Photographers in DC area! Email for more info!
Instagram. Welcome to California!
Author Anne Patchett has opened an indie bookstore in Nashville. It is an understatement to say that she is bucking the tide. Bravo!
aww well now you could chill (;
Hello right back at you! I hope you have a great weekend. :)
OH fuckin kick ass! You rule the world!! yay!
#MUSICREVIEWS As the crowd eagerly awaited their headliners in a packed out Shepherds Bush empire, Tribes finally made their way on stage
hahaha! I feel like ever since I've come home that's all I do.. Lucky! Mines only 11, so I still have 5 more years.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Just beat at marvel vs capcom 3
love the idea of the Vision! I'm a big believer in Vision Boards.
what about a bikini?
Friends and Family @ #vineyardvines, use code:nsboston to receive 25% off!
I check behind the shower curtain for murderers when I go into the bathroom.
“: I hate that feeling when you want to know something, but you're too afraid to find out.”
Buy One Happy Munchies or Happy Yogis, Get One Free Coupon
Great Newsletter Fast-Fix in Denver ;)
AWW! I read Roald Dhal books I don't remember the first.
I was ravished by the indelible cuteness of yet another canine yesterday. Rethinking my stance against dogs now.
Ridin with ": En route to the game to support the team #playoffs"
Thanks for the follow, have a wonderful day!
WE GOTTA COMFRIM FOR SURE FROM YOU HOW LONG ARE YOU GOING FOR?
I think it's cool..really? witch one..
Harry:"Whats ur name?" Me:"My Future Wife" Harry:"Everyone, this is My Future Wife. Audience:.. Me:.. Harry:.. Me:.. Harry:"Wait a minute.."
“: well I'll catch up! whether you cheat or not, mwahahaha :)”
You make me smarter :)
Yes, I think so. Haha. The smell of gasoline makes me feel dizzy!
I never know if I'm outsmarting #activerecord, or if it's outsmarting me.
those are RIDICULOUS!! I love them!
Congrats! RT : Lightning Source UK ranks as the 5th largest company in the UK Digital Printing Industry out of 183!
hahahh truthfully what was your most recent awkward moment?
they hologrammed him into coachella. He performed and interacted with the crowd. Heard it was amazing.
Would like to have show like REstaurant Impossible where he turns around crummy bakeries - we have one in town
Today is a beautiful day in NEW YORK ^.^ everybody should be out today , God bless && be safe <3.
#TEAMJUMP SJ ALPHA IS THE PERFECT WAY TO READ MANGA FAST ACCESS
I just saw something I could never unsee, I'm not sure if thats a good or bad thing though
Hate havin to shower cause you dont wanna get up. Even though you know ya stink.
W.inquisitivetongue.com for Tampa Bay, San Diego best bets. What's yours?
Okay. Thanks for the info.
can u blog about your move to cleveland?
maybe SJSU Engl Dept can implement more DH formally into curriculum & take advantage of our creative writing prog too for e-lit?
Mr. G da mooch.
what is the most powerful symbol of our age?
Bill 21:Alberta Wills&Succession Act has changed. Have your will reviewed to ensure there are no surprises. Need a will? Talk to me.
i hope is okaay! hows your mouth?
they haven't been out of 1st rd since 1997 RT : Ecuador losing to Brasil.....-____- lol that was expected tho.
you could of asked nicer you fuckin jerk =)
working at BTS exhibit at Transportation Research Board conference all day.
love curry ANYTHING.
Honouring the departed
Got a group presentation in the morning and let's just my group is not going to be to happy with me lol
57% of women in prison report histories of abuse
where are you? We're here too -
U want someone to be rocking on that thing..rocking rocking on dat thing...lol
Why those stockings could be worn by Marlene Dietrich and still be expensive. [1944]
season one is over. Speechless. That was excellent. #FireandBlood! (Next--to finish the tomes of A Song of Ice and Fire!)
AZ punter took a knee fielding the snap...he is down right there and the Buffs take over at the AZ 28 yard line
Have a happy joy joy day!
If I look at analytics for almost anything, FB numbers are always higher.
That sucks
Just did a search for Ninjas for Dummies and Amazon gave me Conspiracy Theories and Secret Societies For Dummies instead. Very Suspicious.
"approximately" 12x too much! I need to use twitter to confirm my measurements in future projects. Tile's going back to the store
Do you ever wanna lead a parade while playing your stomach like a drum? I do. :)
Very good hour-long format debut for today, — excellent show!
ED Reed
Working on getting our Sunday services posted to iTunes. Look for that soon!
My etsy will be back in business tomorrow! Thanks for your patience, everyone.
Time to close this out #Gators, lock this series up.
Training at 130
This is what I say to myself everyday
Restore in Progress *crossing my fingers*
"If you touch my junk, I'm gonna have you arrested" is the new "What did I do? Don't tase me, bro!"
u inspire me to wake up evry mornin and sho the world that i deserve to be here. iv bin thru hel but u get me thru it #thanks <3
Here at to help ! Be sure to follow them and come by to say hello!
#NowPlaying Hurt Somebody (Parental Advisory) by Akon from Hurt Somebody (Parental Advisory)
awesome trip :)
Less than a month until my birthday c:
patience my dear, patience. You will be one of the first to hear, we promise. Thanks for thinking of us!
Reminiscing on 90's day right now. My childhood was amazing for real
Calli misses you !
The launch party is TOMORROW! I wanna see you there!
<U+200E>235 yrs ago 2day: Continental Congress holds 1st vote on Declaration of Independence. Thank God they held another.
Agree with that! Lets go get UCLA!
Struggling to find a Genius playlist I'm content with... come on apple... tighten it up
RT If u happen 2be driving by the Empire State Bld, look up-it’s pink tonight in honor of the Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign!
no. no one is observing the easter holiday in the lakes region
Another hard week of bottling by hand. Labels are being sent on Wednesday. We're supremely excited for the launch to arrive!
Not well liked in Ohio lately
I spend 75% of the time trying to figure out what is going on and the other 25% trying not to care. Wish I could swap the percentages.
"Tomorrow is a new day, and with that new day comes the opportunity to refine our being. Walk in the light & it will illuminate your path".
Conner won all 3 of his JV matches today at West Allis Central. Congrats, dude. Very proud. Sacrifice, sacrifice & sacrifice. Payoff.
Hey have one for me at Margaritaville!
We're running our LIKE ME LOTTERY! Like our page and you could win a FREE copy of our upcoming EP!
Wow! #Meganwade is amazing. Playing at Sherwood at BBC now.
If you want a happy ending, that depends, of course, on where you stop your story. --Orson Welles
I just called ConEd and put the electricity bill in my name. I'm feeling oddly productive and scared at the same time.
Houston City Hall to be bathed in orange lights tonight in honor of run to MLS Cup final.
Until they run out RT there are less than 800 tickets for graduation at the We can pick up two more with red ID.
let's go
Me too. I was actually terrified until he got home.
Listening to music then going to bed. Night twitter.(:
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
Unsubscribe RT : Why We Should All Be Rooting for Notre Dame (And the rest of the week in College Football)
lions, cowboys, and niners. Done deal.
"Your product is dazzling." Comment from actual professor. Stop by Booth 323 for a demo of our online primary source reader.
'single' doesn't always mean you're lonely... Just like being in a 'relationship' doesn't always mean you're happy.
Looks like it down right now.
"We all need closure." -- Every zipper /via
8th grade. Licensed to Ill cassette was in the boom box 24/7.
3 months with my babe <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
agreed. I only like around 8 of them. It's sad haha
Mine automatically reverted to the compact version, but the colors hurt my eyes, so it doesn't help that much...
Your ex asking to be friends after a breakup is like kidnappers asking you to "keep in touch" after letting you go.
Everytime you accomplish a goal become that much more determined to reach higher, never become complacent. Live strong.
#instantturnon if you can hook me up with a coffee mug signed by jeff gordon
My Zaffiro's pizza dinner on Sunday is filling up nicely! You in Milwaukee, join us at 5pm. I pay for half your pizza :)
Couples Night! 2-for-1 Entry for ALL COUPLES! and SHOWGIRL OF THE YEAR TOMORROW!!!! Don't miss it!
Just saved 30 cents a gallon on gas! Thank you, Smith's rewards.
#sorry for not telling you how much you ment to me
haha lifes pretty good im just ready for summer! When do yall get out?
Thanks for the RT! :)
ah lol xD he's so silly
Our time?
RT : Keep an eye on Washington RB Chris Polk, for the #Redskins. 2nd at Wash in career rush ydg. Not an opinion.
Yanni, you rock, you need a logo done that's a zipper with the last "K" broken off. safe travels!
I wanna hear!
I'm for the 999 tax plan.
That's great hope you have a great weekend its sunny here so it’s a great day for some outside activities
#HappyBirthdayGRANDman is trending worldwide! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
it was pretty good. Could have been better. The bruins looked flat.
If i get this car tomorro ima be swangin and bangin through the hood
The more you add "gate" to the end of political scandals, the less it means.
At #IECA12 and want to reach more clients? Stop by our table and enter the drawing for an integrated marketing package values at $5,000!
to be fair, it is almost the end of the school year, so he might as well be in high school already.
#BETaward Since when is it ok for clothes to be so tight that yours hips/thighs look like tires on an 18 wheeler. SMH
Tomorrow night it is!! RT : Dude can't wait to reunite w tomorrow night. Miss this kid. We clown too much lmao
I'm hoping will start pulling his pants up - and keeping them up - so we can all just put this "behind" us once and for all.
Well more shopping today an than hit tha club tonite wit tha gurls
Off work now
Im so happy! School will be out soon and I can go back in the studio and perform at different places.
Thank you for checking in with us at Kittichai - did you enjoy your evening?
glad you enjoyed premiere week! how'd you like the sandwich? can you take the heat?!
I'm scared. Why did my dad just scream wait nvmd I know now
I follow you. Would you follow me? Thanks. Dr. Spanish
I love sleeping, so I'm gonna mimiz early {:
Truer words have never been spoken. Great motivational message to start my day.
Now we're rocking on the dancefloor, acting naughty
we just took notes and then watched a movie!
If it goes to education, I'm a virgin
thanks you for the tour support! Go check out ale8one..its life changing
YES U KNOW I HAD FLU SHOT LAST THURSDAY I GOT SICK BY SATURDAY HAPPENS EVERY YEAR
Great advice! “: A webform is a conversation, not an interrogation. So it should be ordered logically #forms”
Anyone in Chicago want to ride to Key West?
I meet him on Saturday may 12 , and you will meet him someday ! {:
its not Luke its gets cold down there haha
awe, im headed down to the OC for a bonfire on the beach tonight.
“: so important to coordinate your earrings with your mic!” So true! So true.
Babysitting a four month old is tough work! Thank goodness I'm not a baby momma
Great meeting you and thanks for the follow -
Anyone in Indianapolis into Morph Suits or want to Morph?
Amen. RT : take a step back and remove yourself as a fan...and look at college athletics, it truly is a joke. The NCAA is a farce.
That's how an NGUZU show should be! RT > : In serbia , about to play on a boat w a stripper pole
lol awe alright as long as yu be gentle hahahaha
Happy, happy bday. Here's to a great year ahead for you :)
I cant come in because I woke up and I was in Atlantis. I have to walk back so it might take a while.
OK twitter world - I need a good book to read. Suggestions?
RT : This Bucs defense is so bad, Sarah Palin is able to see all the open receivers from her house in Alaska.
Order sent to Ryan in Australia!
Forecast for Today: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming partly cloudy. Highs 63 to 68. Light winds becoming west 15 mph...
You have to vote for ! pretty please with sugar on top! He would be great for your Knoxville show!
Polamalu isn't the face of the franchise.
"There can be no higher law in journalism than to tell the truth and to shame the devil." Walter Lippmann
Dang, pippa Middleton is a gangsta!
Bigg Weezy do'n the damn thing on the 41 n Gardena. C Comedy and live entertainment
can some tell me how to get some pics
I hope we do lol its either that or a Zombie attack
RT Beauty is in the eye of the beholder... It's also in every mirror I gaze into. >> not ego,,#ACTUAL !!
I just got my I.D. Checked trying to buy chinese food #wtf ?
I wonder what people like that make of movies like Inception.
lol wait... what?!
wifi on the #Megabus is less than speedy.
We are constantly amazed at how much great music is out there.
To those who think they already know the answers, bless your hearts.
Ciudad Juarez = Worst crime city in the world.
When you go to the grocery store, shop the outside perimeter.Most often you will find the food with the most nutrients and least processing,
Legalize it?
Thanks ! We are excited to have you back again this year! Be sure to spread the word!
Gingrich calls for a personal savings account system to replace current Social Security during Marquette rally.
The heart of life...is good.
Thanks, I need to touch up on those skills too
I wish he could get over her already.... :o
It is leadership: the worst possible kind of leadership.
it cold as fuck it me tell u how cold
Oh, Bulls.
I love that #eureka doesn't marginalize minorities or women in the show
But... You don't understand... THERE IS A CICADA IN MY APARTMENT.
About to see my best friend #soexcited she is bound to cheer me up after a rough loss. Still love the hogs!
Slow going today. I just finished a 3.26 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Yes,Ottrina was a great meeting !! Great things are coming !!!
why are people so nosey? RT for that good ol' follow
Rocky has a weak weenie. Any horrible shock makes him dribble a bit. I find it kinda funny and annoying a bit, too.
Waiting for the bus on 27 & North an old man says to me "white man in the hood, damn that's good." Not sure how to respond I smile and nod.
People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves to copy.Oliver Goldsmith
haha I couldn't take it anymore so, I got it cut and hasn't been that long since 7th grade.
might have to look at getting a promo code out there for march/april for spring breakers and early summer vacation planners
mayb he'll get them for u now that he know
We honor the ancient games by imagining them modern. WWW.Pokatok.com
Let me know if you ever need help with promo, merch, street team stuff etc. I'm looking to intern this summer. Free is good :)
I'm not getting any of your texts and I have the same number..
Fast, efficient and on-time closings are just some of the benefits of working with the Randy Watkins at WJ Bradley Mortgage.
#CasualTrick gets his name from his breeding, as his dam is a daughter of Red Ransom named Casual Look
of course! Although I need some help myself right now. Haha
"so after, when he whispers 'you love me, real or not real?' I tell him 'real."
We called it Gap Tag. You had to touch the back wall of the store without being "helped".
flowers, chocolates, breakfast in bed and paper delivered.......better be lucky tonite.
Thats a wrap. This game is OVER
All my followers are unfollowing me!
Check out DDSO holiday gift items at www.zazzle.com/DDSO_org. All items have been designed by DDSO participants. Support a great cause!
The things you guys and girls say on twitter...makes my day!
Miranda Cosgrove is an awkward person
They clearly need to be reading the Tribune more often. They'd be much better informed.
bless up fam wats good ? How you like the new video ?
It's hot af in my room .
Would go to the gym if it wasn't happy hour at urban active..
Post on another girl wall !
I miss you more! Hope ur well, let's catch up soon!!! :) “: dear Rachel, I. Miss. You. <U+2764>”
#TallyCardz, Student tested, wallet approved!
I am so with you on that!
What?! It's too early in the day for stalking. I'm networking! Now, if you'll excuse me, I'll be hiding in these bushes.
Starting God of War 2.
I'm probably not gonna get any scholarship money
Overlapping phases have 2 decohere along which axis? Starting to look familiar?Think Atwater got interferometry years ago ,but this is new:)
Follow back me! Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating!:*
no way am i leaving these seats hun. Haha
Raise it. Bucs win three in a row!
Watched several cars desperately trying to drive into guest parking near my building. No other entertainment w/o power or internet
he always checks up on us. hehehe! You doing anything fun this week?
Peace, love, happiness
Who's coming to the DC Winter Mixer at ? Mingle with awesome #startups like
I love sleeping, but I hate going to bed
Hey , are you here for fun?
#Actors who need a #reel, #ff and get it done!
It really just hit me that Desperate Housewives is over.... My Sunday nights will never be the same <U+E411>
Follow Back???(: Please?(:
please don't remind me how much I wish I had my camera lag night
Florence had a bad 2011, but it would have been interesting to see how he would have faired with bolstered defensive line in 2012.
Young men and women ought not to be dictated to by doctrines and dogmas. Whatever is forced is never forceful. That is the law.
this country was built on, religious values, and now we have to fear lawsuits from atheist groups. What happened to our USA?
People who cant spell words correctly give me headaches.
I Aint Gone Ask For My Chicken Again !
Shake That Ass Like A Strippa' !!
RT Prayer changes things. Pray BIG prayers tonight, God is listening.
Great news! Congratulations!!
Just made that exam my bitch.
yay:D I'm bored af though so we should meet up soon, text me
La Russa will probably accuse Casey of taking HGH
Come join us this weekend. UZi will kick things off with Thursday nights again. Hip-Hop and Dance beats all night, great drink specials. 18+
"The Flaming C is on the hunt!"
Seriously. I have the headline of my new site working with Gotham and FitText.js, but had to switch to an image for launch.
Best part of my day nap time
Don't take a girl to Chubby's on a second date.
Love her too!
well hello! :)
Thanks for that, I may be writing about it myself now that I am aware of it! Thanks for sharing it!
i'm hungry. just thought i'd let everyone know.
who is the last winner???
Haha Tell'em why you mad son!!!
Wall street run the world.
ya right. bust your head open stage diving and my ass will be there with a first aid kit, HAHAH.
Thank you for the RT!
Thanks for the fashion feedback.
That's a long ass time
(Also) Today in Literary History: English essayist Charles Lamb ("Essays of Elia") was born in London in 1834.
Thanks bby, you're the best.
I wanted too stop in for a little, but we're falling asleep over here, missing you, , and
#2011in3words NO MORE DRAMA
Tonight on #FindingBilly, 3 boys are followed as they face the challenges and joys of starring in a Broadway musical. On MPTV 10 at 8pm.
maybe more like 94/95...or maybe I was just sheltered from CD players, too!
1,000 followers!!! Yessir-early flight back east after another great Adventure!
If you gotta jump up and down to put on your jeans..
lmao that was so much fun hahaa
thanks. Send me some snippets dm for email
They doing mad homework rite now in reach i feel accomplish cause i did mine last night
Moving today :-)
How in the world (especially in Virginia) does someone come up with 400 pounds of bananas?
wow! Thanks a lot for your support JWB
Same here! I'd be like KICK HIS ASS!
I wanna plan a trip for my birthday this year
Tough to say. The late polls have favored Mourdock, but you never know. Should be an exciting night. I'll be live-tweeting!
Home is where you are loved
ugh my mom is like that -,-
Alexandra's advice: really think about the WHY in developing QR codes and make sure to test Them before you print!!!
Has anyone checked up #pineapplegate ? It's about a really dumb question on a NY State test. Funny stuff.
You know it's time for a new job when you almost hit "send" on the snarky ass response to an annoying email.
Juicy sportin a tie?!
A day in the life of a librarian: all haystack, no needle.
well you gotta wait for that money man. I gotta give my other baby some money first lol
The most gifted pro choral singers crave extremely complex music of the highest quality. Glad to be of service! Composers: Keep em coming!
Even Meryl Streep hates me.
Lunch with Brian Mannix
I love Taylor Swift to the most sparkling star and back. <13
"The best way to get two pieces of a rocket to separate is to tell one that the other's been sleeping with a spaceship from work."
President #Obama announces he SUPPORTS marriage equality. Take that, North Carolina!
Check out miku-tan on YouTube! I love her singing. She's awesome in person.
Yes, please share. RT : explain.
RT : Tick tock...only 7 weeks till College Football season!
We had a great time with you this past weekend - come back soon!
gets no more accurate than that!
I think he profiled, ten bit off more than he could chew, and panicked. How that translates into criminal charges is the question
That awkward moment when your mom is Mexican today but come Sunday she's a U.S. citizen smh
; Peanut butter crackers !?! SHHARRREEE ! (:
Well another holiday down the tubes
We're at 5000 ft - he will be just fine!
Soul Asylum Studios!! AKA #TheCastle "Where Kings Rise" !!
You do not have to behave like a wild animal in the zoo in order to get your point across.
Funny. Whenever interviewed Bubba, he had around 240,000 Twitter followers. Welp, that's changed a little now. Try 440,000.
A solid effort so far thanks to Harrellson stepping up his game. GO CATS!
So, what am I supposed to be doing now?
so excited you were able to come tonight for the pageant
I just realized our usernames are in the same format, hee!
Yu Aint Doing Jack, Yu Need To Get Out Of Here.... Lmaoo, Mr. Harris Funny!
Thx for coming! RT : Sanford-Burnham Stem cell event w and fun peeps (@ Del Mar Racetrack)
#Blastoffnetwork just added ShockHound to the mall with up to 3% cash back!
in a true analogy, the Admiral joins twitter, and then Olajuwon creates the new twitter and sells it for 2 Billion
Pictures of the super moon look just like any other moon picture. Why was this even a thing?
me to!! Yayayaya you gotta see flacheecha now! She's grown up!
I had been using my own money, but you brought up a good point! The arsenal I could build with BBG funds would be enormous :)
So proud of Eddie for going to Dean School today to introduce dental health to our neighborhood younglings. Way to go Eddie!!
Our pleasure.
thank you dahhhling
Final testing on sign up site today! Should be live soon.
Young Love album = ALWAYS makes my day :D
Hawaii is so boring
Price for Autoglass Locator rumored to go up 5/4/11. Go to www.listyourshop.com to take advantage of the $29/month deal today!
Rush Limbaugh is an entertainer like Joseph Goebbels was a movie producer.
Knowing that I have leftover Indian food for lunch perks me up a bit, though. Not a lot, but a bit.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Dentek Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Nice Mikey I love eBay too - I saved you as a favorite seller!!
My mom is special because she loves her Lord, husband, and children in every way. "Practically Perfect" Dolly. Happy Mother's Day.
Tonight, some are celebrating God killing Egyptian kids. That's messed up.
1:06:29 of while doing homework. I'll love this CD forever.
dang!!!! Lol shoot I'm getting skinny! Not fast enough tho help a ninja out!
The American dream is NOT a handout!
Love the pics! Did you actually take them?
I'm still laughing. :oD
I guess I should still display proper "Twitter Etiquette" and thank you for the mention ;)
I am the biggest idiot
Aww TYSM can hardly wait to do it again next weekend :) #HappySUNday RT it was an honor have you here today!
"If you build it, they will come".....very true.
Loving the #free birthday gift. The Fresh Sugar Lip Treatment makes my manly lips feel luscious. Thanks you!
Vampire Life.... Never Sleep.... #Who Up
Details of a bizarre, horrific "fetal abduction" in Milwaukee -- tonight on after the game.
#iLookforwardto hugging my grandmother
does "Larry" Fishburne count?
You know I'll take you to another world
Hello! We work with court reporters, CART writers, lawyers and proofreaders, and we look forward to reading your tweets!
Adonde tan peinada??? Hey hey hey
Haha. I knew you are my favorite for a reason!
if elected Romney promises Nasa he will renew the space race "we need to get Jesus off planet Kolob" he said in a recent statement
Off to Starbucks, then hanging out w/ :)
So anyone wanna go to Ross park mall Fridayy?
I guess my argument would be that the vote was split then and now it'll probably tip in Romney's favor, but I guess only the polls
This Metro car has no heat. :( Brrrrr!!!
Damn I miss my homie.
I hope this year will be good for you too(:
I didn't realize you had such power over the weather.
Selling & Marketing topics
Hope you enjoyed the evening! If you have any great pics, post on our Facebook page!
Mr. Fuji. He always interfered with some crazy mist or bashed people with his cane and he was like 104 years old.
Has anyone has success in social media translating to sales? It is just a tool... you still need to do the work. Service is huge!!
It is not the ignorant of writing but the one ignorant of photography who will be the illiterate of the future. - Moholy-Nagy
thanks!!! Just got my first glimpse of the Seattle skyline!
Sadly, there was another group who already reserved Nyumburu, so Stamp Friday Showcase will be in the Baltimore Room.
ahaha Almost as awesome as running into YOU there! Made my day! :)
cant believe its been two months lol
what's up
i got in to Gryffindor. But ive always categorized myself as a Hufflepuff. lol.
ok, so I've been writing ad copy for the past week and I am starting to get a little crazy.
sorry didn't see the relation
Been to space and back just to spit it on the track
Thank you! No problem, it will be here whenever you make it over
Yo J,nice work bro!Do you have a contact 4 production?
Off to bed. Had all and all a great day. Gave mom her Mother's day gift early and she absolutely LOVED it!!! Going to see Jo & Dottie morrow
dude this deathmole stuff is awesomez
that makes me so sad to delete someone!!
I still can't believe that shit!
/ thanks for the FF love!
Good night world and all who may dwell upon it, I wish you all pleasent dreams and a wonderful tomorrow
Bonjour! I love your Twitter app Plume for #Android. C'est magnifique!
OMG !!! thank u so much :) for following me :O I cant believe :O OMG !!! I scream !!! : thank u so much :D
Thanks to all our new followers! Ask your #manta businesses to follow us and like us on Facebook!! We appreciate it!!!
On my way to a bb hookup in Waikiki.
I will make you a treat for when you come home. Lemon bars sound good?
"I don't want you to go either<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>" Then don't leave me! D; <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Just woke up. Now i'm gettin ready for school
. thanks so much for the write-up on new Spring children's books! EXCUSES art is my favourite, so I'm glad you like it!
First time Detroit hasn't advanced to the second round since 2006, second since 2003. Both first round victors (EDM, ANA) went to Cup Finals
Agreed. But Union had no attack today RT : I just got back from the game and Hoffman was an absolute non-factor. Waste of 51 minutes.
Retweet us to be entered into our drawing for a FREE LAPTOP
Thanks so much for your vote to #PreserveNYC. Tell us in a tweet: why does the matter to you?
Thanks dude. Can't wait to write all the best words.
Anyone else at the venue?? I just left to "eat" and im having like panic attacks lol X)
This movie is some form of cruel punishment
Will legal/judicial principals applicable to traditional #software licensing apply fully to #SaaS subscriptions?
Its our picture day also
Tonight, at The Republic House! Start time 8:30p for food & drinks and CT4 live! 12333 West Avenue (via )
sh*t! Id rather be in miami then in this litle hoedunk town! Lol
youre a bitch
same problem here D:
Someone just texted me and said "It's a boy!" and I don't have a clue who it is. Uhh....Congratulations?
1 more day until Christmas-any Christmas Eve plans?
DONE WITH AP EUROPEAN HISTORY FOR LIFE. THANK YOU GOD!
So excited can't sleep I wonder if he'll see his shadow
Day off today, hot outside today trying to get the car wahed & waxed. Now, sitting on the back deck B.S'ing with friends.
C'mon Buffs, figure it out
you never met a chick like Ariana grande .burns so bight she's gonna make you blind ( give it up Ariana grande and Elizabeth Gilles) RT :D
Haha. If only, but strangely I don't.
Grateful for many things today: friendships, opportunities, obstacles. Also for #military serving who sacrifice for me every day.
Aghh fuck they are doing the monster trucks on the beach thing this weekend :(
Getting ready to lead worship for 3 sessions this afternoon at men's advance. Expectant!
I wish those damn Hollywood people would take a hiatus for a couple years so I could catch up with all the unseen entertainment I've got!
Wow, congrats to you both on joining !
thanks for following me! I look forward to learning more about your ventures.
Yes - right over on Johnson St I think?
follow me please...I hope you come true<3
I wish I could go to the Ripley service tonight.
Its summertime in #MKE and you know what that means-festivals! better be on your calendar! 3rd wknd of Aug.
Pat, did they put a GPS in the boomstick for directional kicks??
No, we're getting an Ex Libris product. Evergreen sounds kind of interesting, though.
we're so happy to have you both in Cleveland, it's great to have something to look forward to.
That last pitch by McGee was super smart: knew Ackley couldn't get any power or direction on belt-high away. Result = grounder
People really need to listen.
I'm such a terrible friend.
im just shocked!! hahahahahaha
I like that one too! Fav part is, "Use or Use Not, there is no try.”
making plans for a vineyard vacation this summer. Any lodging recommendations? #can'twait
This is an exciting week of photo shoots and music and friends. Im glad its here.
Today is a good day for things to change.
You know you #love someone when you want them to be happy even if their happiness means that you’re not part of it.
When opportunity knocks, will you be ready?
Today (October 22) is National Archaeology day! What are your plans to celebrate and support new discoveries?
Accumulated damage from the worst drought in our area's history will be seen in 5-10 yrs, reducing the environmental benefit of tree canopy
Rondo jumper for lead. CHUG.
Teach me how to dougie...
America would be a much happier place without meter maids. Stop spreading misery and get a real fuckin' job.
No clue. I just wish it would stop twitching... it's making me twitchy all over!
end of Mass Effect 3. Did I like it?
thanks darling! You are such an amazing friend, xoxo
The New Information Professional "provides valuable information that’s specific, detailed, and actionable," says Infonista blog.
When I see your face it brightens my day. LOL JK it makes me laugh.
That moment when you know your friend is doing something wrong, and you want to blast out the truth.
#rememberwhen we had to blow in the Nintendo cartridges
He has better eye brows than me
Watching CNN. Anderson Cooper. Enough said.
do you have to ask? Just say when!!!
Are you following and --well you should!
I bet! Infuriating after all these years we had to deal w/ Amend2 backlash. Think we'd learn, grow & change.
Don't get mad get FOLLOWERS
I swear, singing can make the most boring of activities enjoyable :)
Is Halle Berry still calling the paps and letting them know where she going to be??
Well maybe I'll mosey on your way sometime. I'll bring the cornbread
Can't give af about a bitch that don't care about..
Don't let the things you want make you forget about the things you have.
Bullshit had to stay in the house-_- cause niggas wanna be a send off
Working at the bar, its so slow. Someone save me!
I sure will!!
Our pleasure and gratitude for your important work
My point exactly. He has those issues and is still proving that he's worth at least some of the money he's bound to make
How the hell do you do that? I run about 3 miles in the same amount of time.
I got a run in my tights, sitting in the stinkiest cab, 30 min behind schedule. And I forgot to eat breakfast. Pray for me, it's only Monday
Harrison I don't have your number to talk! But facebook me or email me and we shall talk about it!
Trying to come up with something clever to amuse you, but my brain is too lazy right now, so have a good night and sweet dreams ;)
"Don't believe everything you think."
What do you think of a narrow ai system that creates intellectual products and services and distributes them for people
Woodbridge. I'm from Stafford though. You?
You eat a lot, yet you still stay thin and good looking(;
FEATURES: BlackBerry 10: 5 features we find really interesting
Where is the warm weather????
Strong winds today making it a challenge & slowing the repair process. No more appointments are available for today.
when we going to coppell for some tacos tho?!
THEY DO WERE THEM JUST NOT ALL THE TIME LIKE CARLOS
yeah, it might be too cool for the Midwest still.
hey Lisa!! (: doing pretty good! Pretty sick :( I miss you too! I would love to do that for you girl! (: how are you??
ah, it's a course being offered at the Univ of Baltimore this summer.
Today: ShabuShabu, , Small Bar & - what's the opposite of FML?
If you need me don't call me, i'll be in Florida!
meeeeeeees s i cant wait luv u alex
follow me plz pretty
Idk Who That Is...But I'm Guessin' Its Not A Good Thing?
Are you serious?!
Reed/Lewis: Still Drooling... RT Brian St. Pierre also led my high school...to a Div. 1 championship in 1997.
Off work maxing dis pick n save chicken
International Conference on Earth Science & Climate Change: Avail the very few speaker opportunities available, submit your abstracts onlin…
All the way up to EnergySavvy? Bad ass.
Refer party 4/20???? my crib???
Happy Father's Day weekend to all fathers!!! Have a great weekend!!!
goodnight Jordan!
that is epic
it was a terrible nite sis
Dodge VAE49M #rottentomato Shall we be surprised so many assholes in #NJ run STOP signs?
Just got a follow from this stunning beauty------>
that's what boyfriends are good for :-)
We will be live tweeting during the webinar to join the conversation hashtag
I can't either!
They should bring Guys and Dolls to the big screen and you should play Adalede
I did that, the neighbors had to rip theirs out after spending 4k to install it
Starting off the day with a little nuclear weapon shop talk. Dick Cheney.
When boys hug you and you can feel their abs pressed up against your body.
Home has vastly different meaning for many Africans | Your online ...
Definitely brewing up a master plan :):):):):)
Just tapped Flying Dog Double Dog Imp. IPA 11.5%. Last of its kind in WA.
Happy early birthdayy I wishh we could spend every birthday together!!!
free #socialmedia lesson: don't respond to the haters.
I like all of the high scores for this week. Everyone has a little confidence in Jack. I hope he can pull it off.
Go Preds! Life or death game 4 tonight!
Do not concentrate on the finger or you will miss all that heavenly glory.
What do you do when a paper is just awful? I mean really bad. Slave through & provide detailed review comments or just say that & score low?
#InMiddleSchool i hated washing the lunch table
Mitt Romney claimed he pays a 15% tax rate last night. Most of us are paying twice that.
Jus used mi bakpak as an ashtray....... Mi bad
thanks, I guess.
I want tattoo number 3.
Awesome catch #badgers!!! This party is awesome but can't wait for ....
Are you regularly including raw organic foods (veggies and fruits) in your diet? Creates more vibrant health & is thinning!
The second pick in the #NFLdraft2012 the Washington #Redskins have selected Robert Griffin 3.
I dont like my feet being touched!
If so many men, so many minds, certainly so many hearts, so many kinds of love
Definitely try the Stone Arch books. If you DM your email, I can send you a list.
WE ARE EVERYWHERE. (Yes, that's meant to be as ominous as it seems.)
getting sleepy.. gotta finish this paper though.. then tomorrow another 6 hours at school =/ and its barely the 1st week!
": Don't feel your way into your commitments; COMMIT your way into your FEELINGS!" #loveliferehab #sunday at Church!
Selena Gomez - A Year Without Rain.
come home soooonn!! we'll hang out!
that is awesome! I hope your floor brings you hours of enjoyment!
I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying. Oscar Wilde
It's driving me crazy, just being in the dark.
Everyday on my grid
TONIGHT!!! Angry Young Men Ltd. will be putting on their Full Frontal Puppetry variety show at Solstice Theatre! Check 'em out!
challenge for today: see how many people you can get to SMILE...just got 1.... (for real)...total @ 5pm central
Good luck to as he plays in game 7 of the Bill Salonen Cup Finals tonight
Wakin' to #bacon! Good morning everyone!
At fugi steak house with gabe....ching chong wing wong cant understand ya
Win the NCAA “: Happy St. Patrick’s Day! In Chicago, they dye the river green. What does your city do to celebrate?”
“: How's Florida bro?” going good man, about that time to get the season rolling.
yes!!! I can't believe them missing these field goals.
Hey! How are you? I haven't talk to you in a while.
In the front at the LMFAO concert. Still 3hours to go. People are rude
cheer up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I lost my beer
Specials on Patches available at Galaxy Digitizing ..... Don't miss out. Email: or
Tyson- that jacket of yours is something only Don Cherry could love.
Good luck to the Bills rookies at minicamp today
Loser of Mike & Mike's "Sheets of Integrity" will perform a dance with a pro from Dancing With The Stars in-studio with one day of rehersal.
THE 10 sucks. Enough said.
Blackout v Phone bouta die v school tomorrow v
I clicked the link labeled "Seton Hill Univ Mascot Throw," expecting a video of griffin projectiles. Instead, it advertises a rug.
macaroon rollin and getting ready for our cookie class tonight.
RT : Tim Taylor on behalf of CO Succeeds, "this is a workforce pipeline issue" #coasset,
So who's gonna fondle?!?
Looking for any triathletes (veteran or aspiring) in Madison who'd be interested in sharing their story for an article. DM me!
Official Twitter welcome to our Mgr of Recruitment, Lauren Tobin! We now also help firms place support services, office mgmt & lit support
So stuffed
if you have a spare diaspora invite, i wouldn't mind getting one!
Morning boo... RT : Good morning twitches!!!
Curse you water heater! Why must you crap out on me today? I want to take a bath!
From here on out, everyday of my life will be a work of art. No more wasting time with things that don't matter to me.
discussing live how community grieves a sudden death even through empathy as a parent #askTVDr your questions about grief.
More Breaking News said my $12 food voucher can be traded for elastic band & some bubble gum to get our plane in the air Chewing now!
Etymological happy of the day: RT : The old Greek word "anarkhos" doesn't mean "no rules"—it means "no rulers."
I'm amazed by how many grad applicants have 3+ undergrad transcripts! And from all over the place.
Dropbox is a GREAT app!!! Also look at Auditorium and MobileNoter (if you have MS OneNote)
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. Gandhi
i like natural peanut butter, the kind that you have to stir.
need more sleep!!
Thank you. Could you follow us back please!
Very nice! Nice finish! Was that Whitney Houston on the entry? RAGE!
-- Promote us to your friends, & if you want to help street team in your area, send us an E-mail at
haha well i think Kendalls nose is bigger then Logan :-) but sexy both haha
Jazz Jam at Multi Kulti 1000 N. Milwaukee Ave, Chicago, IL. Hosted by Myself n The Vince Davis 4tet. ROY HARGROVE might come through late!
I love how clean I feel once I'm out of the shower
i have other debit cards but none pop like these..
One loyal Bad Girl Friend is better than one hundred hoes...
Doing well! Summer is on the way i better see you! RT : lol just waiting for the summer to get here! how about you?!
Getting ready to teach today at Berklee. Many gigs coming up, Yikes!
did this reach you?
SOMEONE FOLLOW
M Beginning Of February I Think
Likewise! But now food comazzzzzzzzzzzz
Watching the chupacabra episode of The #XFiles. It sort of sucks. #Getit? #Chupacabra? #Sucks? #Chupacabrassuckblood?
And as everyone expected, this game is just as boring as the first time.
Kiss on Shoulder = I want you. Kiss on the Lips = I love you. Kiss on the Forehead = I hope we're together forever.
Tweet us your #WhenAustin moments! :)
Man, I can't believe I found this Workout... I'm Shaking... I seriously am jumping so much higher now! Ah
What am I doing tonight ? Nothing what so ever !
": Ready to get cray cray next weekend! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>" #prom #2k12 I'm so ready!
yeah it has, what's been up tho?
We had a good turnout - about 15 people! Hope to see you at the next likemidn on 5/15!
welcome home, enjoyed your roadtrip dispatches. stop in dc anytime.
how to block in outlook: rightclick on email > choose "junk" > choose "block sender"
Houston,Tx And You
I don't WANT. I NEED. I will stay UPALLNIGHT to convince my mum to buy it. I WISH I could just buy it already 5
Big thanks to for rejecting #climate skeptic Ben Stein as spokesman. Smart guy, but smarter than 97% of climate scientists?
"Ugh" xD Bahah. Thank you Zerraaan. I felt like I kinda needed to finally change my picture. ;D Loving your new Profile pic too. !
RT &quot;: Turn on your TV! Operation Osmin is on now!&quot;
Hey thanks!! Glad to hear you like the tunes :)
Yeah. I was supposed to take my mom shopping but she's sick so now I'm hoping my gma will take me and Brit somewhere today...
RT : On the road to Hana. This is what I would call God's country.
Enjoying my first taste of Stevia in the Raw (& a fiesta morning sandwich) at flying star. Happy cinco de mayo! Y'all be careful out there!
Internet Explorer, the Nickelback of internet servers.
I tried stepping over one of my dogs and ended up stepping on my other dog.
I have a confession to make..I think I'm actually starting to like some country music...I have TWO stuck in my head right now..help me. ._.
#JBSOMEDAY I will get notice by
Enjoy dinner at Barra Barra Saloon from 4:45-5:45PM, while listening to the modern flamenco style fuses of NovaMenco!...
Damn. That means a lot.
Back-to-back days riding outside...I think that's a sign that it's about to snow!
Those pork chops sure were GOOD... Just not enough to share with 26 others :)))
Happy Birthday to Mrs.Ward and thank you for giving us Bob. The world is a much safer & better place because of him. God Bless!
all inclusive is awesome. Did not fit into my pants on the way home from Mexico once because of it.
ALL DAY HAPPY HOUR!!!! Plus, BREAKFAST BURRITOS till 3! With optional CHORIZO!!! Mention this post, and get one for half price!
Really, Google+.... chill with the notifications already :)
Agree! Love SF, dislike time diff! RT : love being out west, being three hours behind NYC makes me feel like I'm running late.
RT : So impressed with your slide today for #momovation. Planning tweets!
Yo are you ready for your semifinal matchup? Good luck. Rooting for you to win it all.
I don't even know why I try he doesn't even care :/
Teacher Training The primary reason for implementing teacher training is so that teachers are well equipped and knowledgeabl
RT Pregnant ladies: The Casting Director of "Pregnant In Heels" will be all wknd looking to cast....
Look for your choices, pick the best one, then go with it. -Pat Riley
I apologize in advance lol
bagels on deck! see you in 30...
Down goes Rivers !!! Ball so Hard Univ!! Its called football
Ommg.. i lost so many followers.
I'm good (: what about you
You can catch our show live via webcam tonight check it out!! -MWM
thanks for the follow. you're my 500th follower
memories of us <<<<
Why has there always been conflict in the Middle East? It's because it's incredibly hot and there's no water.
what surprises me that it continues to be something the reading public needs to be taught!
youve never been a true friend , now im in tears .
Xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo I love my phone
Something very cool about seeing planes flying over Wright Bros memorial ... Great symbol of American spirit!
Brady is riding her unicorn with a bold claim that the Rose Quarter will be the "most vibrant" part of Portland
We LIVE 2Day 6 PM wit www.Microphonebully.com
I don't have anymore!
I have hardcore strep throat. It better go away by Wednesday so I can see
not sure what's cooler. The skating or the shirt.
Didn't win the lottery so eating a giant block of cheese to cheer myself up
People who may always have a smile on their face are the ones that suffer in silence the most.
According to some of our staff, the top 3 eats in the Big Easy are Brennan's, Bon Ton Cafe, & Cafe Du Monde. What are your faves?
Instead of running or cycling for 60-90 minutes, I pulled weeds and did yard work for 3 hours. Is that equivalent?
Happy dads day
Congrats man! Great game
Go #Patriots! Wearing my jersey!
You call it weird and I call it cool. To me weird is cool, so don't make fun of people or act like weird is a bad thing. So there. :P
When I'm done working the breakfast shift, I'll have to read the directions and figure it out.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY. I hope you have a fantastic day <333
itd mean the world to me if u RTed this!!!
My little butterfly is giving me the death grip while we are in line for the 's lights out haunted house!
Today's pizza is Hawaiian! Canadian bacon, smoked gouda, and pineapple just $12 and free toasted ravioli when you mention this tweet.
I'm pretty sure it should be illegal for lebron James and Dwayne wade to be on the same team.
we are too! RT : So excited for what's to come with &
so I'm guessing you didn't do shit to shay and Austin like you said you were?
Yesterday is a canceled check, tomorrow is a promissory note, today is cash on hand.
Getting ready for tonight for big 22nd everyone come out!
tell the Dutch Boys whatup!
The cookie monster stole my cookie.. I'm mad at you mal! Hacked by yo bestie katy(: Love ya Xo now gimme my cookie<3
Tie and shirt bout to come unloose
Just wanna sleep.
Heading off to a game of poker, then possibly meeting a friend for a $3 beer at Toronado
Thanks for the super awesome #FF. Did you see/like The Avengers?
I can't wait to get it. It's on pre-order, for next week I believe.
Turns out the conjecture about non-union staff may have been incorrect. Looking like prior staff will be brought back.
He sober so fuk him lol RT : How & when did Tyga become my favorite Nigga on Cash Money?!? ...eww
Happy International Women's Day! Look for our WoA Summit this May & WoA's 10th Anniversary event this Sept.
Agree with you about Lulu! To me, GH has made her not so likeable character, HATEFUL! She isnt a cop!!
Don't forget the best PGH theaters today for the "Pittsburgh is Art Day of Giving!" Companies like !
I think everyone should go to college and get a degree and then spend six months as a bartender and six months as a cabdriver
Loved this episode!!
#Tellme If you want to meet B2ST!! ;) OF COURSE!! i really wanted 100%
I asked my sister why Zooey Deschanel has sideburns, she said they aren't sideburns they are peyus.
Me too. #ROC is definitely unique for its size.
There were lots of wellwishers,posing4pictures,toasting up mixtures w/the brothers&sisters,everyone lined4the big parade on that special day
Weird he's not here. Lol.
Live music during lunchtime at Potbelly's. Nice but also surprising.
So who is batting for the Bucs? Not a lot of options.
Is that the right conclusion to draw from that study?I wonder.
THE WAY HOME ep Release Party tonight at The Legendary Dobbs, swing by for awesome music & very good people! At the game? Xfinity Live PBR!
Great spot on the News Hub. You were fantastic and it's awesome that you guys are talking horse racing.
I agree with the many comments that note that last season's chefs were more qualified. Thank you for the link!
This weather needs to make up its mind !!
follow back :D
Race recovery plan: Korean food with friends, dancing til my legs give way.
good morning Joe
West Virginia is one backward place!!! Sitting at Quaker Steak & Lube and scared shitless
RT : scout bar tonight....throwing beer on everyone.stay away from the booth
No problem, but now I know to leave spoiled milk in the fridge next time I go on vacation.
my 6th Beer is done now get me my damn 40
Spent last week in Shreveport, Louisiana recording the upcoming Brian Blade Fellowship album It was an incredible time.
"[Gravity] is to me so great an absurdity that I believe no man who has … a competent faculty in thinking can ever fall into it."
What's with everyone saying #legit?
It's always fun when you go to a bar and sit next to group of people who you can tell do nothing, but watch TV.
ECLARE ACTION GOING ON TONIGHT,
#2011was Great Cause We Killed Osama. God Bless The Troops.
Thank you so much to all those who attended and donated at our breakfast yesturday. We beat our goal! Thanks for making a difference!
Excited to meet with and pivotpointcom! If only we were
Where is this Jordy Nelson BS coming from?
thank you! :)
#Kubuntu is up on my #xenserver now to see if I like it.
Got an extra twenty bucks? Expecting a residual check.
I know that $550 is your rent money broke ass fag. Call me. I'll give you my number to settle this. You coward.
dude your shirts are awesome! Definitely buying one!! Or 2... Lol
Oh, might have been where I went wrong. RT : Not my brain, no, just the writer's block.
Ariana should do another cover on YouTube! Omg her singing is just....flawless! Can I have ur voice ? Love u! Xoxo
What a game, what an ending. I'm exhausted.
him and Durant are at the top no doubt
ice cream makes me HAPPY :)
We do indeed have #PersonalLibrarians for all students & faculty. Admin departments someday, too.
My heart goes out to any and all human beings in North Carolina who were told they are less than such today.
4lbs of mac and cheese
Thanks, I took care of those over the last week in Vegas.
There's a name for #WomenWhoThinkLikeAMan in real life. They're called sluts . . . or by their trade name - reality stars.
Hahahha oh how I love the Spanish teachers they always make my day!
HAHAHAHA I think seeing in his boxers has been the highlight of my night;) Thats not weird is it? xD
Hm... At least i know you dont know me at all :/ either that or you know not to ask...
Follow the Very Sexy
love you too! Miss you girl :(
girl you are so awesome!! thank you!!
dry erase markers better
thank you!! Us cows are not so good at math. :/
tomorrow the trucks will be at coral springs. 2855 Coral Springs Dr. 12-4pm
Well this is interesting...
You are crazy...ROFL...RT #wheneverimbored I sit back and watch albino midget porn then beat it like it owe me money"
I'm ready to fail my math test today, woo.
Since 1980 the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports that the number of overweight #kids in the US has more than tripled
My official response to the Magic Mike trailer: jhhsddhsysgsjsyged
": People take my tweets too seriously -_-"
thank you =)
i need some shout outs pleez!!
Cuervo Carter Street Team
missing being with my family
A year ago today Michael Jackson left our world. Remember him today, listen to ur fav song, do something to "Heal the World" L.O.V.E.
There's photoshop, auto tune, & plastic surgery. Too bad there's nothing for your ugly personality.
#exactly those "days off" aren't actually,
when girls cuss alot<<<
awe :) whens your b-day?
Well said RT : When your emotions trump your logic don't be impulsive. Emotions are fleeting. Logic will rarely fail you.
whatever became of tina from season 2? She was always one of my faves
You will be entered to win a table side wine dinner for four just by dining at Vernon's today through Thursday, January 26!
Had a lovely lunch with momma bear <3
People only get jealous when they care
fends off competition for last - still all alone
I tried to put my track on the ourstage competition but their system is down til April 22. I can wait
Brooklyn, tomorrow night! niina pollari () reads, and there is pizza. 305 court street, 8pm.
Reminder: We'll be open at 5pm today! Come down for some nachos, a cold drink and the best pinball selection in town!
Uh-oh. Outline for my comprehensive exam in Transatlantic Disability History is ~40% done and it's at 2336 words.
Back into the studio today to track guitars! Psyched!
So, my mom gets a notification on her phone when she gets an email & she gets an email when I tweet. FML, that's why I'm tweeting here a lot
nobody does. they just pretend.
You in town??
Working extra to make this all a reality! We'll keep you posted on all the efforts!! Remember tell your friends to follow us!!
Seriously... Gene! I would die if I couldn't get at least 10-12 every other day! beauty sleep!
#Nuggs do it again. Follow up a solid first quarter by falling asleep in the second.
Laugh. Dance. Love. what a great way to live life!
The Bieber family is great huh??..
Yeah, I mean he's never been anything more than average. If Santana is going to catch so much he's going to get worn down.
Def. of blasphemy: showing contempt or lack of reverence for God. Just saw Nicki Minaj...how incredibly awful that was. I'm so sorry God.
I would rip my heart out and hand it to you.
The Miller Park grass is way greener than the grass at Augusta.
well u botched the spelling but yeah
Does Pacific Rim Fest have a Twitter feed?
I can be put together like a puzzle, but the pieces may not always go together
Is Donnie Darko a good Easter Bunny movie for kids? (asking for a friend who is babysitting tonight)
thanks ! Hope we can catch up soon.
Re New Yorker: interesting re the piece is Stanford as site where humanities v utilitarianism playing out. Trad v new ways of
About to hit the sack
Zissou Society night.
Well same here too
Hey keep a close eye on AllieBay1 for me. Will ya?
RT : During 2011, 85% of Littles in our program maintained or improved their educational expectations.
Playing with HTML5 Canvas. It's fun, and no setup needed!
Dining Halls lack food
Things are good, you?
i turned 16 today, do you think i could get a birthday shout out? love you :)
When people constantly say "da" instead of "the"<<<<
is rockin the new digs at work today, guess Imma have to step it up on the work gear.
Now, the way of many. Collective ideation. Ideas are networks. Not just single incidents, more a long network of associations.
Hey guys it's me Daniel rosa from the voice I'm recording "animal" so it will be coming out soon :)
doing good things at #SpringTraining brotha. Excited to see you in the rotation come April 6.
First of what
Watch Sunday's Packer game 1/2 time food is build your own taco bar. Happy hour prices all day.
you know I love you.
If you won a free pair of tickets, you will have an email back this afternoon! Thank you for participating. Tweet using #BellAFB to be VIP!
": I finally found a guy I like I trust I care for & people trying to ruin it #PleaseStop I wanna be happy." Proud of you. (:
Oh look, my iPod took a bath.
In Care of Dad | Blog | Making The Photo Book Of Love
IMA FUCKIGN KILL YOU.so fucking annoyin i swear keep postin mothafuckin tweets and lets see were your page is gonna end up
I hate waking up from a nap with a headache #ouch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
RT : here's to the kids who lawl. whatever that is.
It was so quiet in my neighborhood when the Bay Bridge was closed. Too bad there's no way a shutdown is possible. Maybe I should move?
Rats in the front room, roaches in the back. Junkies in the alley with a baseball bat.
u going tonight??
in the arena of IP, as most others, Congress forced to compromise - see, e.g.
"I did it" did what? "did it on it"
That is a powerful point.
I got Take Charge Indy to win the Derby today
We should all be disgusted with Kanye West. I won't be buying any of his music again. Such behavior deserves no forgiveness. Ban Kanye!
I love those tweets too!
: We needed a new ILS. asked "how hard can it be?" Famous last words...
On life dat shit stay on repeat
Fun Fact: Dog nose prints are as unique as human finger prints and can be used to identify them.
RT : Change = Growth
great meeting you two last week. best of luck with everything!
thanks for following me
I asked u back tho! Ha
watch the Academy Awards(:
playing with hashtags for
MT “ MLS should differentiate from the standpoint they need to SUPPORT [video]. We have to go around them to make it work #revideo”
It's "Bike to work week". Wish I had a penny farthing!!!
I am trippin' right now....“: R.I.P. MCA. #nosleeptillbrooklyn”
seriously?!!!!!!! Random exaggeration
crying to moments again and trying to find cheap tickets to the BTR concert. this is how i spend my days.
Logan wade lerman watch out for the birthday raping! Its a bitch!
Stop beeping at us, you're not our dad!
Still at work getting pissed off!!
I can't believe I didn't wear my Hunters today.
I wrote you a letter & dropped it off today for you to read. My play & book in Chicago are launching...
I LOVE EVERYONE IN THE WORLD" :)..Does That make me a cheater??? Lol
We are on Ventura Blvd today! If you're in the area, 1st to message us wins a FREE YUMMY! (Must have ID and Dr. Recommendation)
Kobe is going ham right now!
It is about time Oklahoma wakes up and starts playing!!
Yes, very cool!
I participated in BlendKit 2011 - open online course focused on
It's getting harder and harder to wake up each day.
maybe after he impossibly eats his own weight in food.
“Nobody's good in everything. Advantages and disadvantages come in many forms.” Charles Schwab: Founder of Schwab Learning.
Tonight was AWESOME at the White House's Iftar Dinner!!! There were tons of hot Islam babes to hit on!!! I was in heaven, er the Muslim one!
Thanks, and it was great talking to you again.
what are you listening to?
#SuperShuttle driver to me and Australian "you here for the Pokeman convention?"
when are you going?
'Twas a joke! Rest assured, I'm an equal opportunity PDA hater.
Burn. And hilariously done. RT : Eating a butterfingers RT : Where is Jermichael Finley?
Each time I speak with my mom, she tells me I should marry She has good taste! Too bad he's taken.
Colts took Chris Rucker.
Thanks to and for the RTs
Phew. Just did a word search in my book manuscript and it doesn't appear.
lol Kk I gtg I'm taking a shower
Your source for unfinished Brazilian Hardwood Flooring & Decking.
Byron Alvarez gives the Comets the lead again on the PK, 8-7
Though luxury SUV sales may be off, the Navigator still has much to offer those who need room for eight
Patience with others is Love, Patience with self is Hope, Patience with God is Faith. Adel Bestavros
I couldn't agree more
Laura, thank you for the follow, we love the referrals too!
Hey Carla, thanks for voting for my friend :)
Seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. Weird to think that a year and a half of wedding planning will soon be over.
#ncaafinals tried to watch the game, but I decided someone needed to score so I fucked my neighbors wife.
Winston Churchill.
Watching sweet home alabama <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> this movie will never get old to me #favorite <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Nice to finally meet you! Thanks for stopping by the booth. We'll be in touch soon!
that's awesome! Thanks for being such a great customer :)
Enjoying this beautiful day with <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2600><U+270C>
RT : #Aries can easily become spoiled and resented by others.LEOs rule nigga
": I WANT PIE EL CAPTAIN style"-->lol very good
DC: Moten keeps shouting about what GRAY did back in the 90's; wasn't Moten incarcerated during that time? We are looking ahead Moten..
hey :D
Well at least your looking fabulous!
Everyone's had years of loving/hating aspects of Google books; we have a opportunity to start again and do it better #dpla 1/2
Don't wanna give in so we both gave up..
I need some pain killers!!!!!
yes boo?
Lmbo a lot of girls were attacking you!!
Finally in my bed! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
drugs are bad.
#BF3 players should spend less time complaining about weapon balancing and spend a bit more time working on their aim.
Her wedding is in costa rica....and she just rescheduled....everyone already bought their tickets....that's not nice
Saving Money Through Magazine Subscriptions | Gossip ...
I want to go to there, it looks so classy! RT Racine's Hob Nob offers modern supper club experience bit.ly/pGFw7w
Yay! Score one for me. ;-)
grow a pair. It's been a week
Scottsdale is HOT. Awesome party. fun crowd, and amazingly nice service
Go patriots ;)
lol! I don't come in until noon. I just got done working out
Cincinnati Bearcats Football is ranked 24 in the AP Top 25 and 23 in the USA Today Poll. Woohoo!!!
Excited for this! " #Crowdsourcing session a 'go' for #nema2012; case studies by , Concord Museum, "
"Tic Tac Dough" meets "Napoleon Dynamite" in this weeks Custom and Micro Beds! Check it out now!
We're excited for tonight too!
Maurice Sendak - epitome of an inspiring imagination. He showed us where the wild things are, and we thank you. You shall be missed...
Maybe I like her a little bit lol
just finished a 5 week Train the Trainer class w/ ASTD-LA. Great class on effecting change thru learning and engagement.
Packed out in Willowbrook, IL! The Challenge Rocks!!
Please help us welcome new education member Joan Matsukawa of to #SMCHI! Welcome Joan! cc
:( Well that sucks ! Its always hot tho right ?
Goodluck s/o to and on their civil service exam #killit guys!
unfortunately not. Gotta get back to the city. You can probably lure Frank "second wind" Gruber out however.
We have a secret gift for you. Stay tuned... you will love us for this one.
Yep playing Xbox before work ...
Warsaw Law Enforcement reporting 1" hail and flash flooding. Stomrs moving east at 15 to 20 mph.
I'll make a flat Stanley and send it with you...I'm studying to be a teacher so I can use it for an example
so hungry
It all makes sense now.
I hv been laughing all day bc of LMAO!!!!
Beautiful #60Minutes story re: classical orchestra in the #Congo. No matter how poor you are you can surround yourself with beauty.
We're all voiceless. The government does not listen to the people. We're all powerless. The government does not believe in us.
News Norman says he wouldn't have picked Tiger Woods Greg Norman says he would not have picked Tiger Woods for the President
I'm sure whatever he said changed your life
this is my busy time of year, but I can always squeeze in Foundation time!!
Got my 1st drunk call of the day. Apparently I'm a dick head.
New book, "The Young and The Digital" by is forthcoming
Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Presidential Candidate live at Tea Party Debate in Tampa, Florida stay tuned
Wow, reading last nights tweets is a good indicator of when it all went wrong :( I should have stopped after I hit on those teachers
Thanks for the RT. Hope to meet you at the expo!
Thanks for the follow.
RT : Good social networkers are both business-oriented and personal.
Follow me and ill follow back\
Love it... Bait car on trutv is in New Orleans!!
one MD librarian bought two copies of 's book from us.
youre the attendance taker at church
#InThisGeneration Kids have no work ethic and think they're going to be famous because of reality tv and youtube.
omg wee shouldd go together
I'll join you.
like for students to create their own digital museum installation.
Left more chronic, right more acute. The tears were 5 years apart you should pretty much believe me by now so I'm not okay with you!
Turning New Balances into old unstables.
Diary of a M.A.D. Caregiver has had its first public workshop performance! Ready to dive into the next phase. Tighten, revise....
#Rampage get a turnover on their goal, attempting to get a break back before half. 1:43 left 2nd qtr.
A mad dash trying to wrap up production on The Goldfish and get ready to leave for Sundance tomorrow. #SAGpaperwork&warmsocks
Yay!!!! Momma I miss you more, ruff, ruff!! (kisses to you too )
Grateful to be speaking in Richmond tomorrow to the amazing River City Express Network of the American Business Women's Assn. You rock!
lead me to the cross :)
Happy Birthday Lashionista :) hope ur day is wonderful
What luck for rulers that men do not think. ~ Adolf Hitler
"Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it."
Know Spanish? Want to teach Ruby (and Rails) in Argentina for a few months? Interesting opportunity emerging. email me,
Yes, but it is not open yet?
Hope he likes it :)<3.
Aw, it's a spambot I see. Come here, spambot. See this button? No....here.....BLAMMO!!
Great to hear! First #car2go experience today. Got me out of a pinch when I left my keys in the wife's car. So glad I signed up
This week's NCAA contests are posted! Is there a contest you'd like to play but don't see? Let us know - we'll make it!
when do u start work
Good foul. Henson.
"Do they have McDonald's in Africa?"
homework life !
It's "BRING A FRIEND" Week here at Wild Workouts & Wellness! May 7-12, bring a friend with you to class...for FREE!
i need to take pictures..
can't we laugh about it, ha ha ha ' it's not worth our time .
Liking your own status on Facebook should be illegal
SECCA will be rockin' to the tunes of DJ Marley Carroll on April 27 during the opening of 2 new exhibitions! Starts at 7 pm. FREE
Had some good Easter fun at the Callanwolde Fine Arts Center. Beautiful historic mansion only 30-min walk from the house!
13 wins to go.
First of all why the hell did Ezekiel go to Visible Changes lmao.
My Night Doe ! Lol
How's the mask doing?!
Send me those slides!
when the part in your head looks like you had brain surgery, then you doing too much
I hate when people think others are talking bout them. They need to know facts before they say shit
T1: I love honestly. Humility. Vulnerability. Humor. Feeling what the blogger is feeling through their words.
Hafta work another Saturday... Hello 60+ hour week... Paycheck better be worth it! Cant wait to get off work and see the girl :-)!!
Having a good year with this music
Life's an adventure. It's ok to laugh and enjoy it!!!
lmao. I really could care less about skin tone cuz i like em all but idk if I could go out on a limb & say that they are overrated
it was too much for my tiny budget
It is with true love as it is with ghosts everyone talks about it, but few have seen it.
My head is pounding like shit.
Getting ready for the #baconwrappeddates challenge. Wonder which contestants will finish?
The active, self-sufficient person you have known for many years may slowly begin requiring additional help
Ritz or Saltines?
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Sulcabrush Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
About to get my brunch on at with and family style!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
<U+2640>There is something fascinating about a person who continues to fight on long after many around them might believe the battle is all over<U+2640>
EVERYBODY STOP WHAT YOU'RE DOING AND GET A FREE FOLLOWER -------->
heyy, follow back? (:
finally ordered some boots. hopefully they arrive before my trip......
- promised no rain on our parade today! See you there.
I ain't got shit to prove to you niggas
just be happy that you're not one of the class acts walking to the blarney stone with their child in a stroller.
Thinking about donating my books to the local library. Is this cynical self-promotion or a good idea or both?
Me and probably need professional help...:/
Just took a 4 hour nap. But it was with my valentine <3 #happyvalentine'sday
Tanner playing with his little bitty tail >>>>
hey guys, let's get a show going!
“You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you can’t have it.” –Robert Anthony
If she thinks "Pete and Pete" are just two dudes with the same name
HAVE SO MUCH FUN!
you're the Michael Jordan of jazz radio.
Ten thousand hours is the magic number of greatness. Lots of practice. So, I am an expert for short selling stocks and markets.
so I read #HungerGames in 2009 what's my next must read?
I just got a spam e-mail from 1969.
St. Louis Bound!
I am really glad that #Discovery is getting the attention it deserves today as it brought the space program back from two major disasters
nice fat sack o' mail!! Congrats on all the orders :) Do you still have any he-man posters or did you sell out already??
I don't know where my motivation went. This needs to change now.
Till then I stay strapped, Trojan Magnum on my waist, stay cocked.
very sad. Watched as much as I could.
Distant hills look green.
Huge Poker Tournament Tonight at 6PM! Win a Trip to Vegas. Special:Turkey Sandwich on honey wheat w/ chipotle mayo & swiss
When you replace your car window, all of your neighbors will come up and tell you a "better" method and cost you hours of time.
Be Careful!
Wow 4 unanswered goals by ND in 6 minutes...
its empty, where is the boy?
haha got to do whatever it takes
Darn uber twitter meant to say but drop down menu doesn't always work
how's the school year started for you?
Even more excited about watching your show tomorrow after such a monumental day! #evolved #cheers!
Fantastic table read today for #GEEKSthemusical, it's going to be a wonderful show!!! Thanks
i dont follow u u ddont follow me.. What are u i f.. HS.. Reportong u
Thanks dudes!
There's always that one person that will always have your heart
YOU WON! :P
As long as Yo MAMA love yu Never love another woman!!!!!
"We mutually pledge to each other our lives, our fortunes and our sacred honor." -- May we do the same today.
soo happy its the weekend and the countdown to the imats begins tomm!!!
Bout to get chopped up at the barber shop long over due for a fade
Thank you OverDrive for changing the wording on Penguin eBooks to "Kindle devices via USB only".
People looking at me cause Im tweeting and laughing!
one of my first models needs to come see me and my new studio...just saying :)
who has AWD? i do!
'Have You Seen Her' or 'Think About It'
So what does that have to do with anything. Just sing the song. You get no passes.
They're such collages that I remember some moments from one production and completely different ones from another.
Good Morning Raza!!!!
Woops! I meant "worth"
Ooooweee! It is steamy out there today my little cowpokes! But it is refreshingly cool inside the Cow today and the $5 Texas Ritas! Giddy Up
English class <<
psssshhh not only is it ok... its encouraged!
SHOUT OUT TO MY QUEENS OF MEDIA! luv u all madly!
Yeah been reading a bunch about their new updates. Haven't worked with it since its release after struggling with a test project.
Happy labor day! Laboring at work... At least weather forecast is low to mid 90s this week!
I feel bad for the doctor who's about to examine this horrendous poison ivy reaction I've had. I'm like the elephant man, only itchier.
Gonna sleep in my own room for the first time in like weeks. Ha.
when are we having our twitter teach? I'll show you the ropes, kid
Shout to all the members of the Brethren: Scott, Adam, Ed, and Nick... from Steve in Indianapolis.
hun that status isnt about you.
Couldn't imagine if it was one of my sons.
Fuckk I'm stuckk in traffic
So, you ordered a large double cheeseburger, a large fry, with a diet coke.....wtf is the point in your life?
Lmao RT : I see you’re playing stupid. Looks like you’re winning too.
Breaking: Obama Endorses Gay Marriage
Chase Budinger crushed the first round of the #spriteslam but I bet he does not win because this is just a pop contest now
Happy Bday. I hope you have a great day. I admire your courage and your love for your family. You are an inspiration.
coffee date? Spill it!!!
Flipping characters is one of the things GRR Martin does extremely well.
Oof. Goodness. Getting older has some benefits.
Hey loser It's too. Not to. Dork.
"attack the enemy"
pfffft. You can do it :P.
The people who r the govt are like the idiots who see me on a great run & who get n my way everytime i turn 2legally avoid them w/my talents
You could play college next year and be as good as the other freshman, lol.
Why is it after the breakup, the ex seems to be nicer than when you were with them?
I could lay in my bed and watch Friends for the rest of my life
In the studio today working on some new music for you guys!
hell i just want a mood stabilizer for my boss and I'd be happy.
yay! Glad you went. Remember to let us know - #howwasit? //
RT : Would you like to win a signed Deryk Engelland puck? Just retweet this message and we will pick a winner later today. ...
please do <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
that is true.
so exciting! Did u enjoy directing it?
I've always wished that one night I'd just go in my sleep... I guess I should've been more specific.
...You're Batman now"
me: "please dont talk to anyone but me!" harry: "youre the only girl i want in my life anyway!"
Missed hot tub time tonight. Well, we could've gone but there were..."other people."
I think I am honestly going crazy.
"Copy the Democrat's political tactics. The Republicans are like accountants." David Horowitz at Ramona Tea Party
Need a ginger!
Good morning!
*Reads Some tweet* Me: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> *Reads Some tweet* Me: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> *Reads Some tweet* Me: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> *Reads Some tweet* Me: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> *Reads Some tweet* Me: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
#happymothersday from your friends at Cheeburger Cheeburger in Newark! Bring Mom in for a yummy meal!:)
Team trivia tonight at 8pm. Stop for the fun or just come and enjoy 35 cent wings from 5pm-midnight.
What is a good gift for a girl who reads no Eng is 10years old, under $50? I only had sons.
Good morning, we hope you have a productive day so you can reward yourself with a refreshing libation after work at Amber!
man overboard makes everything better
NO I want to keep The Pirate Bay around.
doesn't want me as a customer? That hurts my feelings. :(
Who wants a "Fire Roenicke" t-shirt? Now taking orders...
I love myself now. Some days I don't but I try to. I think it's about at least if I try, that's all that matters.
Looking out my office windows I keep thinking it's snowing, but then I realize it's just the tree blossoms floating by. Gorgeous.
Has anyone created timelines with an iPad? What did you use and how well did it work?
can I get a follow back?!?!
No problem. Funny stuff.
Finally! A play in DC that is casting for a Chinese female actor - I'm so there!
i know my nigga gettin them questions comin out....
my favorite austream moment was when you we're dancing in you white slippers ;) WEAR THEM AGAIN, PLEASE?? IT WOULD MY WHOLE YEARR!!!<3333
Life sometimes can be ridiculous!
chinese. Chicken nd rice. Steamed dumplings
could you be any more full of yourself?
Had a discussion with a school administrator, at my kid's school, where I was complimented for being intelligent.
Just because you know me, that doesn't mean you really know me.
Social media gives you the ability to communicate and share with a lot of people. Why would you not include it into your marketing plan?
It feels like I don't tweet like I use to but Life is SO busy, Lol. Had a beautiful and amazing week with my woman!! #LGBT <U+2665>
Thats what I talking about! RT : RT RT : Is that student loan deal retroactive? (I pray that it is)
What does that mean "One last try ..."?
Sumo, jezes, bonfires, house parties, aggieville, royals game, and tons of beer. that's how you turn 21
Me; we need a ride text that fa....Logan kid! Lmao
Krugman referencing our collective complacency or amnesia that led to the economic crisis.
"two weeks together, that's all it took. two weeks for me to fall for you" <3
hey beautiful hit me up with a shout I followed u and ur friend ^_<3
Rangers are just whipping asses
tragicculture hit us up!
the warm feeling of being part of a group when another southpaw realizes you're left handed
RIP HEAVY D...
how bout tomorrow! Maybe 11ish
damn if I was home I would hella take care of this matter for you! Lol
Really getting excited for my graduation/graduation party, you guys.
bravo! awesome
Best-dressed: Penelope Cruz!
hopefully they are
isnt it always the way... i didnt get to finish my finding aid, worked on revising the collection dev policy instead.
Free Medicine Discounts - Savings up to 35% - Target - LIPITOR -
Epic Thursday is in full affect tonight!!!
your my everythingg.
did you get my email about guest blogging for prior to your lecture at next week?
Thank you to for sponsoring our Celebrity Poker Tournament...it means so much to us to have the support of #NFL Wives.
I've missed you french macaroons!
Easiest way to simplify your life. Correct.
#Guayaki San Mateo brew pull me out of this allergy funk so I can kick my arss in the gym. Workout time!
Smiling because I can. Blessed
Jesmyn, wonderful to meet you at the #LATFOB! I'm reading SALVAGE THE BONES as soon as I've met the deadline for my next novel!
Wow, meeting at 8am this morning! No sleep, so we can't get slept on!
just laying down & talking 2 u & some other people on here :)
Is Raining hardcore in phoenix,az
": It's funny how whenever someone needs me, I'm always there for them. But when I need someone, No one is there for me."
Did you know? Radon mitigation fans can also be used as bathroom exhaust fans. Imagine taking a shower without the mirrors EVER fogging!
lol my dog ran in my room as soon as it started raining.
Pleasure meeting you at Avila last night. The country & Constitution need you and you have my support.
4 years ago I was on a boat on the way to The Bahamas listening to amazing live music and discovering some of my favorite artists.Fun times!
CRAZY SHOW! Thanks and Cincinnati!
Headed up to AT&T to clown!
Loas Economic Report 2012 | Live Trading News
3 of the 4 D2 schools in this year's field are conference champs of mainly D1 conferences.
it's pouring rain in Hollywood at the moment.. Do you really want to see that?...
say yes!! All of them. And maybe hate this part. Cant wait xx
Just got rained out of a product launch...wtf...when it rains it pours!!!
HOT either way but shes no umm..well some of you know
Yes, email forwarding is back for me as well. Glad that it's working for you too!
Hahaha good! Now you have plenty working for your own station! LOL
Atlantic Avenue BID Makes Plans to Improve District - DNAinfo Atlantic Avenue BID Makes Plans to Improve District DNAinfo Holiday lightin
Development of The Housesitter began in July of 2010 principle photography wrapped on September 21st 2011
its like milf city out this bitch and they only 21, smh this can't be a good thing.
Same. RT I can eat dolmas for days.
Can't sleep
If you want the rainbow, you're gonna have to put up with the rain. - Dolly Parton
"You're not awkward. You just have a terrible, terrible personality."
Nice structure for them RT : Mets owners will not have to pay anything for three years, buying them time to steady finances.
Hmm, not sure how but I just became the Mayor of Wendy's at JFK airport in NY. Wonder how long I can keep it
Woke up in such a good mood this morning yayyy. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
It is time to paint ze nails.
< are you all still meeting? Just ended my meeting.
I talked to #SirPaulMcCartney about our similar diets, except that I don't eat meat, fish, dairy, grains, fried food or sweets.
I know. I'm a "smart" baseball guy, sometimes I just go out there to have a good time and yell.
keep it real with Jeff....russell you will gain more at the end...keep smiling russell....
Exams done!
Mac Miller isnt hot. He just makes good music.
Preparing to interview Seun Kuti, live from Nigeria. Hopefully this is smoother than when I chatted w/ Toots Hibbert via cell from Jamaica.
son Zach and his buddy Eva had fun precinct walking with their moms today!
RT : RT if you are proud of being Latino.
Last year's #Kindle: Never has #tech been so dated. Next version completely telepathic. Send #Amazon $, #entertainment routed to your brain
dont worry(: he will! Just keep trying!!!
the cake just got done waiting for it to cool off
what kind of job you trying to get this summer?
Watching the Daily Show
Came a long way from RUN HOUSE...
I Think You Should Know That I'm Eating Jelly Beans .. :D<U+2665>
Where's Sarah Palin?
Well I could make you a hair hat out of what I lose everyday.
listening to lauryn?
Thanx! Thanks for coming in! We're super glad you liked your desserts! Have an awesome day!
RT : On behalf of tragedies #MMDM is 2 help mental illness by donating $ for every new follower now til 9/12 www.NAMI.org
Ha phone died in the middle. Corrine, you better be there!
Wherever you are, be all there. Live to the hilt every situation you believe to be the will of God. Jim Elliot
Jasmine I think you and Harry Styles would make a cute couple just my opinion: )
Just got back to FL. Sorry we didn't connect at SXSW, let's chat next time you're in FL. Interested in what you are doing at ninut.
Damn straight.
I would actually like to know what kind of summer reading programs you have planned?
When a grown person decides they need to tell me a ghost story, I just say in my best spooky voice "I'm so bored!"
because they are losers. They do it all the time!
#MikeAndMike why not trade Pau Gasol & matt barnes for Dwade? They need another big man, who can space the floor & Dwade would fit in LA
Thanks for the follow !
I guess this is sacrilege these days, but I didn't think the Stooges were so funny before they had ringers impersonating them.
Best Of Texas CarShow
Listening to co founder of Robbie Vitrano at EDA conference in Albuquerque, NM. Interesting story
thanks for following!
#NowPlaying Dwele Cheating on my girl(with my girl)
We are officially CLOSED for the summer! Have a wonderful summer and congratulations to the awesome class of 2012!
how'd the heat end up last season?
glad we helped spark an idea. Best of luck in getting it all done!
Someone go to chipotle with me?!
My pleasure! Wishing you a purpose-filled week.
This is our hood we aint worried bout them people, we post up on the curb and serve it like its legal.
I mean it's all good til the vikadin gets out of my system like now lol I just need to sleep it off
The HRM still works just fine. It's just the calorie calc that seems off. 100 x mi is easy and pretty accurate.
Class actions in bankruptcy? A coming idea
The utilities section of the is officially my most fertile source of procrastination.
Yes. “: "Partisan fighting + neg logjam may be calculated 2 make ppl "step away" & not participate in gov. agree?" #civilitycon”
wallpapers hd
thank you for following back:]
less than three you
goodnight. I love you!<3333
Why did I wait so long to watch Sapphire & Steel? Now I will watch nothing else.
can #glee just be the show? the shirtless boxing darren criss show?
"What is now proved was once imagined." - William Blake
How to Choose a New Hair Salon Internet Marketing & SEO
There are many sexy ass peeps in this world but how many of them have the attitude to compliment it?
OH - I was thinking it was a couple of weeks ago :-). I really like the vividness of the poem.
can you try to convince her that the internet and MS Encarta are the same thing?
I wanna party with Ryan Lefebvre.
Im actually gonna cry because Im not allowed to go see the boys at all. and I live in new york.
Sometimes getting sick can be a lot of fun, just depends on what you're doing :) RT“: Getting sick is no fun:/”
thank u! :) i kno u would love to meet her... :)
You cannot tailor make your situation in life, but you can tailor make your attitudes to fit those situations. - Zig Ziglar
We've crossed our first state line and are now in Missouri. One down...a lot more to go.
oh i just text you right now
lol i feel that h.o.v lane huh. Its like that when u big boi whippin.
lol hell yea
"Just Give Me Chocolate and Nobody Gets Hurt.
Haha listening to throw it in the bag. An old song but I've always loved it
happy birthday Marvin Gaye and Michael Fassbender
Thank you everybody who came out this past weekend! Can't wait til Friday to do it all over again &
naw just the water front the room was tight ?
thanks for the RT!
Charter schools have contracts w/ authorized agencies that describe how student performance is measured pursuant 2 State tests
Well lucky for you, you're other good taste in music saved you. You're still my friend ;)
When I die, put 2 Pennies in my eyes, cuz it aint free to ride when you see the other side, Lately I' been feelin like a:
Hey! I need to follow some new people!!! #suggestions!!!
and I don't get to watch his videos anymore :( all I do all day is hw
Alright, you got me. I started singing it in my head during church.
DOUG! how are things long time not talk?!?!
It is better to travel well than to arrive.
Free delivery from Typhoon with code NOV2011
Tons 'O beer at offices delivered via a Geo Metro for after after party
AWP is almost here. It always seems to sneak up on me. This conference is ninja-like.
Is that #edcafe? RT : I would love to see what would happen if we ran school as an #edcamp for a day
Just trynna calm myself down....music is my best friend right about now....
aw I got 's invitation in the mail aw aw
Missed this news, but yey! About time to get some good news about shows I like!
Barbra Streisand - In The Wee Small Hours Of The Morning - 11:49 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
nah I don't have classes on mondays or Tuesdays
Signs of-Periodontal disease-in dogs-difficulty eating-inflamed gums & sensitive teeth cause pain/prevent dogs from eating
PickUpLine: I'd like to get between your legs and eat my way straight to your heart
I also want to go :(
My baby girl is kickin butt at Exeter! B U T T.
Happy Mothers Day to all you #DodgerFam moms out there!
and sleeping through the night would be cool too I bet!
Well, BirmBuckeye is my "personal" and "Buckeyecentric" account, JBirm_Rivals is more general recruiting info. So, both.
Kind of weird Amy Winehouse's mom's name is Janis - Janis Joplin died at 27 too now Amy dies at 27 Both troubled stars! Strange correlation!
tell your mom i say hi!
Quincy Market yo!
Tom Brady jersey to church?
sometimes i feel so mexican.
LOL, I haven't been on in a while bc I got a new phone and I don't know how to really work Twitter from this device
Get me out of this town before I go insane.
I'm glad to hear it...I'm doing aiight myself...how's Charlotte treatin u?
I tried to grab fog, but I mist. Hehe(;
Taking all of my notes with a Bic pen. The smell reminds me of playing with a Spirograph
RT if u want a followback :) [ one rule; must follow + me ]
No problem Thanks for the Sake-Tini #recipe!
Wedding season is officially here! If you'll be in town for a wedding, call us for reservations!
I did my summary!
thank you for the great information on the #IMSD call today!
I want an M3!!
Ditto- it was so nice catching up! xx
hi hon:)
OH, SNAP!
(bryan) Some co-working desks available to rent at our offices in South Lake Union Seattle. Ping or if interested
Attn. clients: Is your online identity helping or hindering your job search? Come find out today at 1:00! Facilitated by
Looks like I'm done fishin for a bit
Another great day shooting with despite the sudden frigid DC weather!
Great beginning to the new season of "Survivor"!
Music NOW.
wait! is our favorite asian baby at dinner??
Playing Hottest Friends App!!!
This kid next to me is playing super Mario bros. Bitch needs to take turns with me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
I need to finalize my costume. So far I have a Palin wig, predator hands and Groucho glasses.
My turn:
Much appreciated!
is now following me ! Maybe I can learn to plant some #Tebow in the turf!
Christine on #sisterwives seems so unhappy
what? There's a red carpet? O... Ive got to get a new outfit to wear! And shoes!! Yay!
“: If I don't follow you back it's because I think you're a cylon.” By your command...
what's up?!
There are some seniors that I just want out of here.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Make Money On eBay® And Your Own Website
Nowhere in the area is showing the fight. I hear all manner of foolishness and shenanigans are going on. Thanks Dallas...NOT!!
Rome's #smackoff is trending in Columbus. This guy's show has a cult like following
Of course Darkseid was crap. That's the way Smallville works. I liked that we didn't really see him suited up.
Did Zumba with weights today. I'm in pain.
#Ecclesia2012 Oklahoma team. Bring your deposit tonight and make sure you are working on getting your balance in before June.
Guess who's birthday is coming up?
Great article for parents unsure about study abroad! RT Study Abroad Tips for Parents fb.me/1kXPbIhCf
Check out new 2012 Hot Bikini...
Thx for the Follow! If u have any cute pics of your animals send them 2 us via a Tweet and we'll show them on our Website!
I can't eat without TV.. lol
and I had a blast doing the work. You're a talented art director and a clear communicator, Mary!
Thanks for the Follow and welcome to Twitter!
How was everyone's weekend? Who attended #GON?
It is a sad day for our criminal justice system.
Thank you for attending. Merry Christmas!
lol, straight up.
Porketta and dumplings with Port pan gravy.
Thanks friends for the support
WHOS THE ONE WHO NEEDS TO CALM DOWN NOWW:P
Have a fond place in the heart for calculators. First computer I had. Amazing contraptions, especially w/ 84 pt type.
Down 3 going into 4th qtr. Lets get this Runners!!!
I didn't realize Bike To Work Day was today in LA. I'd already made plans to do a portion of Friday's commute via bike and blue line.
If I agree to give a presentation right after a conference, right after writing a paper, someone please stop me.
Why cant we have interactive moderated political debates on TV all year round?
haha cue the cool noise
Nauseous from lactate threshold work in 5:30am spin class + just scuffed my new fave knee-high boots. Day not starting out so hot.
Cant ever sleep at night.. I hate thia
if you're on campus you can stop by now in the lobby in LeFavour cash only - or you can wait until next Tues. Weds in MBC
Stopped by today. Thanks for the big color swatches - can't live without them!
"If you're wearing beats I feel bad for you son, they're worth 99 dollars and you look like a cunt."
Hi Shaunna, what is your opinion of Sheryl Sandberg's work at Facebook? She is after all, the COO, which is a very powerful role.
Thanks to all who helped us reach our goal! I want 100 more!! Can we do it? Of course we can. We're Karaoke MVP!
Less than one week from now........ Awesomeness. And stickers. Goodnight.
me to.
hey tweeters. just remember. on the other hand, you have different fingers! Happy Birthday to Lucille Ball and Nephew Joshua! Great party!
OMG haha I definitely don't see it :p
Leo how can you give up on your relationship?
New Mexico EP CDs are in from and they look wonderful. Shall give one a spin here in a few. (via )
alligator blood? not tiger blood?
is signing up for the Georgetown Relay for Life Faculty Fights Back Team!
bo I'm not approved for the #AT&T #upgrade at $250. How many people have I convinced to get an #iPhone?! did i say BO?!?!
Just tapped Victory Prima Pilsner.
I am hungry!
Very proud of my students! They accomplish so much when teachers expect excellence from them and affirm their greatness.
Thank you God for another beautiful day & the life to see it. Also thank you Sweet Baby Jesus!
At ! Ger your ass down here for an amazing show!
no matter how many times i see that movie i always scream wen the door slams while they're sleeping!!!
When we have done things right, people will assume we have done nothing at all.
ah, was wondering what you meant. It wasn't a critique, I was unfollowing some of the people who didn't follow me and(cont)
Wow ... that's all the #Broncos get??? RT : Breaking news: Ny Jets have just traded a 4th round pick for Tim Tebow
I don't. I didn't realize all of his sites are down. If you're really inclined, I could dig up his email address and DM you.
It was on the history of student annotation and notetaking, early modern through ebook (all in 20 mins!) +
then do something !
It all makes sense now...
is that a gateway computer box?
Lost all my respect
Excited for my first #Nationals game today!
Dear Kunversion: Misspelling does NOT make your name non-generic. Or appealing.
RT : Adam Dunn is scheduled to play left field all 3 games this weekend at Wrigley
are going to sending out Xtamina Energy Drink's Energy Mix CD's by "DJ Don't Stop" & "DJ Kaios" of Atlanta for Promotions!
I almost peed myself when they hit the final turn and my trifecta looked like it was going to be right. I didn't bet it.
Dallas is about to get swept.
Yea right now $40 lets go
I hope so to! I miss you as well <3
Hello to all of DYNPR wonderful new followers. RT
Ac isnt working.
The owner of "I'll have another" should have wore another hat. You can't read what it says cc
Hope you enjoyed everything at #citytavern. Come back and see us again to learn and eat history!
shot out to all u boys buying js to flip just to put food on the table#fatrat ibeen there
Just got nailed in the face with a tennis racquet
End of the year sale going on ! up to half OFF, swing by
Currently suffering from a debilitating disorder which only allows me to eat dark chocolate peanut M&Ms.
just got back from winchester bay..oh my wicked razors...sick ass sand!! love it!!!
For once I loved what david stern had to say about making a fine & suspension rule for flobbers! I hope this happens!
Saturday Night town in Cleveland !
I'm ready + began,but didn't finish cuz article broke in middle on the website. love to, can u send2me full artcl
Sweatpants are my best friend when im on my period.
Omigoodness sounds delicious - perfect Tuesday lunch.
lol u know i have 1 more workout in the tank lol
negative, it can apply for my whole career but specifically meant here at LJPD
Shakeup Call is awesome, already got a cease & desist, and provided an n-value in their survey results.
you're my inspiration! i love your songs because i feel that you write every passing moment a teenager. Sorry for my English
Can you DM me your name and order number? I'll get with our customer service dpt. and see if I can help out somehow.
What if the segway is the car wash? “: *cut to video of me riding a segway thru a car wash*”
Contemplating eating the rest of my Mario's Pizza House steak & cheese for breakfast.
Wen he smiles :)
just lick them then or eat only on the weekend. ;)
RT : must be in tha kitchen cooking up that crack 4 ur azz. What til we put it on the block. Crazy
It was not now such a very difficult problem to guess what the coming Dark Nights might mean
Newdigs will be down for a little while we make some updates - stay tuned apartment hunters, we'll be back soon!
but working with vocalists is a whole other challenge. taking an acapella and doing a remix is the same thing.
“: The next twit that points out my spelling will be singled out for special... treatment” I suggest 40 lashes with soggy noodle!
i love
3.5 miles of intervals. Ouch.
Book is great. Swamped producing but reading when I can. email with your address, please.
sometimes a man's gotta do that a man's gotta do. this is one of those times for me.
Omg I got into the football cheerleading team!!!
Made buffalo chicken pizza and now watching #2andahalfmen love this show.
OH CRAP!!!!! Wow. I agree w/ everyone BUT Greg. Vo2 is a great predictor of lots of things.
I love days like today, when it's all work and no breaks and I don't even notice because it's so engrossing.
It has been a pleasure serving parents and students as PTA president this year.
BOOZLE MA NOOZLE! see you later girl. YOU BETTER rap with me tonight since you know, will be nowhere to be found
y'all str8 stupid
RT : Zoning Commission: Student testimony was "very helpful" at #GUCampusPlan hearing.
Latte time!@ BKL
I used to think that at one point :D
- SLE adds contrib details. You just tell us what info to make public if any + u can donate as many copies as you want! S
“Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys.”
Geeze so much drama tonight!! I can only imagine....
feel better!
I like that craptastic & amazeballs are natural opposites of each other-
u know how that ho is
Great talking with you guys! Call me for anything anytime! All areas of Music and Business covered! Much Love!
That moment when your thinking bout OC and who are you gonna shoot with your nerf gun #War lol
Great catching up. Chat soon!
Thanks for the follow bro You got some sick beats and stellar music man Really dug John West Lovely You got talent Best wishes
only 35 more days guys.
Number 1 Rule Before Bed:Pray <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
what do u like about it????
I can't wait til my shower
Why not celebrate National #IPA Day w/a Conflux 2, White IPA by ! We are the first in #Sacto to have it!
oh yea! We Won! softball teamc shawty, hope i get out there finally
Isn't that book great?? Finished it over the summer. I also recommend Truth and Beauty and Patron Saint of Liars.
Going to bee early so tired I'm about to pass out
Show me your favorite tunes!
Just a thank you to all my wonderful friends, family & customers for your support & business. Enjoy the rain, we sure can use it.
are you seeing avengers at Metreon?
@ work tonight! Not Fun!
Craving breakfast last all day? Today we're granting your wish. Specials: Truffle Oil Browns, Bavarian Omelet, Hoppel Poppel & Sauerbraten!
If laker fans think they have a chance against OKC they're shot the fuck out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
damn! I thought we were re-connecting. :)
#DWTS roshon did an amazing job!
What does writing a book do for you? Paid therapy; you join a national conversation; opens up ancillary income; makes you kind of cool.
#DASER Comfort "systems biology is now revealing another elegant aspect of biology..."
Phone call in the morning from <U+E106> >>
have you ever prayed for somethig your whole life ?
Back from lunch with the soldiers. Time to get back to work smh
Congratulations and thanks so much for this!
Definetly a pleasure! Were looking forward to collabing too!!!!
IF TWITTERS YOU LIFE.. FOLLOW ME :) <3 XOXO
can't wait to see u Azu!
#fridayreads Zazen by I can get behind a book that references a character as Big Old Cheese Eater When She's Not Around.
I am so engaged with that I don't have time to tweet.
I really appreciate your insights and perspectives. Looking forward to reading your book! Need advanced copy readers?
opened the door & left it open, went down the stairs, turned on the light in the living room, & I was laughing & talking to
Stalberg is the new Sharp
Thank you for your donation to our #Kickstarter campaign! It means so much. You're amazing!!
Just realized i dont have socks for gym.
Cooking channel has innovative shows for delicious and easy dishes. TWEET ME THEIR RECIPES Bobby Flay
Oh it's abt 2 be on lol “: im gonna do a #nike photoshoot of u 2 in brooklyn! This is gonna be epic!"
follow me please? I loved meeting you so much at warped in tampa florida! <3 xoxo
it will feel like Christmas when i can call you my own.
Romney #dodge on Tax Records Release "Time will Tell"? No way! What are you hiding?
cut them off
haha! We were talking about that master p video today, its a perfect song for a slam dunk contest.
getting ready to be making #sandwiches down at LeVerdes on MIT's campus. Who's
I'll be in NJ in June. Let's hook up and party.
I've been playing around w/ #googlemusic - 1st I thought I couldn't find the download button because I was having a brain fart. Nope...
Op. Eddie hit 1.1k already. I'm going to be forgotten soon /:
I just really don't wanna do this psych paper.
Facebook bought Instagram... Twitter is still my favorite
try optic orange. It works.
looking forward to today's #PrivChat, particularly on #PatriotAct issues and #libraries!
Thanks for the RT and the compliment!
So true!
That bro is unstoppable, there is no hope.
Great win for the browns today, wish I could have watched but had to work.
Hi Tom. Soon. Parts are out in beta now. Wrapping up some of the less frequently used parts of the DSL now.
Yeah hit me with a follow also we need you to play in Colorado more often
more love 4 u. Congratulations on launching a new site.
If I get 600 followers I'll sing go screw yourself by Avery to my crush!
100 thangs going throw my head right now!! but i cant let it get to me gotta act more mature
cheer up buddy. Tomorrow will be a better day! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Here we are again. Marco Estrada is perfect through 3 innings. But how will the 4th go this time?
And is she?
$5 in the mega millions office pool
I hadn't realized they had podcasts. That sounds like just the thing when I tire of language tapes. Thanks for the tip!
wow my brain can't process what my eyes do see. And no, James's mom doesn't even own an Ihedigbo jersey. Welker perhaps?
Next up, Green Water Treatment Plant redevelopment. Martinez says there is "way too much left" to do.
We're number 1 on the ReverbNation Alternative charts for Pacific Northwest WA, OR. www.reverbnation.com/simonthunder
The cafe fighter is here. It's getting good
Indeed, great job by the BCFD
Originally constructed by Ivan the Terrible, we are thus led to believe that Ivan was big on color and shape and way too literal on copy.
Hope to see you in a Celt's jersey bud... Looking at a damn good team with you in the lineup.
What are you willing to pay for BRAKES ? We have Special $79.95 RT pls
offering an insane deal. Order 2 or more medium 1 topping pizzas for only $5.00! #EATCHEAP with through Btownmenus!
So ready for tonight... My weekend has begun!
how's everything going ?
yes, I do! Story in about 9min!
stop tweeting and get focused on your school work, this is way you are failing... Do you wanna play football next year?
can't wait! It's gonna be a good year for the AM kids!
Just got done cleaning. :P wbu?(:
You will know that forgiveness has begun when you recall those who hurt you and feel the power to wish them well
yeah me obvs
play by plays aren't necessary sir !
Did you know: Professional dancers have used #Pilates for decades. Top athletes use it for strength, flexibility and injury prevention.
“: I realized your laugh is the best sound I have ever heard.” and I may never get to hear it for me again... <3
My mom - Brittany, are you ready? - yeah almost ready! (sitting down using the ipad) :)
Info Sessions taking place about Summer Opportunities - don't miss out on this chance to learn about internships! via
way to rock out with the late '90s! Now you speak my language.
Such a long day at work, thought it was friday but its not. At least its Jersday.
BORED OUT OF MY MIND someone put me in the crazy house its much funier i bet
Shout out to in 's SxSW keynote. "Innovative, charismatic leader"
has changed my life. Thank you for introducing me.
call on him!!!!
Jimmy McNulty loses to Stringer Bell at the Golden Globes.
Man everything gone be alright, really I just have to pray more and read the word more often..
Don't do bad music !!!
Just saw someone type the full Google url into Bing. The universe implodes.
you're welcome
thanks for following, it won't let me follow you back?
great to connect with you Cletus
“There can’t be good living where there is not good drinks” HAPPY HOUR....come and get it!
Electronic Enlightenment, who knew? (Clearly not me)
#SpyValley named after spy base located near winery.
Your twit profile pic brings back bootie sweat memories
Time for Turbo Kick Training! 8 hours...here we go!!! What are your plans for this beautiful Saturday?
Thanks for the great work you are doing to protect our most valuable natural resource.
It's days like this that make me glad I work from home most of the time.
Roger Federer Talks About Longevity on Tour Roger Federer seems to have been on tour forever. Recently he sat down to talk about longevit
Today is the Election for Austin City Council. Please go out and vote for common sense by voting for Kris Bailey (me).
bored as shit
What a great day me and kenzie had.(: well goodnight #RObotz! -Tenay
I can't stop laughing its so true.
how long? Just the weekend? We'll be at the nines on Thursday.
Um, excuse me...you got a little something on your face..wha- what's that? Oh! SEXY. ;) ...
LaRussa is going to outhink himself
live twitter streaming isn't yet available on GeoCommons. perhaps we can set you up with a demo server
Thanks for sharing, hope you enjoyed!
Cheers to you & your Blur comrades. Sick. Work.
The group is open to anyone. Go to Linkedin groups and search for "pay per click email marketing".
Let the insanity begin! .8 behind 1st.
So if she didn't want to talk about it all she had to do was tell he! Not jump up and run away
great event last night at North GA Wedding Alliance. Loved chatting with you.
It's number one right now when I go there.
I would have to say the whole album is awesome but I love Lost in the World and Dark Night especially!!
Hahahha that's true... So you'd prob have to date someone who's not conceited at all... But mostly everyone is somewhat conceited
“: thx for the retweet luv!” of course! must visit SoCal soon, the hotels sound fantastic
The style of music that you enjoy the most is?
His head looks freakishly large in that photo. Wait, what?
#2010memories Facebook jumped the shark
Which one is you, left or right? You have any videos posted on YouTube?
I work in Chicago daily. Live in Waukesha still. Try and work 1day remote/ week. Perhaps in the next couple weeks?
Fuck me hard, go Thomas...
Looking forward to seeing perform at the Gala this weekend!
Do you like me for my brain or my baud?
I love it
Hilarious comedy by and tonight! And not at all inappropriate! ;) Happy Tammypalooza to me!
Seriously, Romney reminds me of a character from American Psycho. No empathy or depth, just appetite for shallow things.
Excellent. We'll be looking for you. Cheers!
wHO IS THE TERRORIST? THE TAXPAYER BEING THREATENED OR THE STUPID IDIOT SHIT BRAINED INDIANA GOVT ASSHOLES W/GUNS & CARS & COMPUTERS & ETC?
How do you normally dress? In a Jacabunny suit? ;) Happy Mother's Day!
I'll play you in a game of bmx.
Daniel Bryan is a jobber!!!
excuse me Hell no
Delta Goodrem - Delta Goodrem Plays Matchmaker For Joe Jonas - Contactmusic.com
......and Both Elle & Elise are Now some walking babies!!!!
Hi everybody! Lurking & working on grad school stuff 2nite. Enjoying the sound of rain falling here in TX, big storm upon us
K.Williamson: And now will he ever be able to forgive himself and get back from it? And earn the love of a girl again? She'll love him, (c)
thanks I am glad you cashed I drive an R8 for a reason, I have the best information in the world and use it to win.
Tomorrow is Single Awareness Day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
what is klout
Thanks! We'll have you over for dinner when you're in town.
Happy Thanksgiving to all of you from all of us at Rocktagon MMA / CageStars.
Watching Jerry Mcguire:)
Hey bro I want one too! Those are awesome just before bed :-)
Have you tried our beta site yet? If so, tell us what you think!
If that's not a sign they're tired (and Sessions is a bust...), I don't know what is.
Now more than ever, Florida needs legislators who will take a stand and offer new solutions to our persistent problems.
I like! Does that make me a redneck or white collar? Hm...
This is my last month of school for this semister!!!!
Follow ----> for dms to the real roc royal and ray ray (:
Now this is how you start a q&a.
The only sure thing about luck is that it will change. -Bret Harte.
The mom when I picked up my 12-yr-old from a sleepover: "They did play outside. They were out back trying to light a pumpkin on fire."
Why ANYONE would go to Oakland is beyond me. BreakingNews Update: Occupy Oakland arrest totals about 300, police say - AP
but I couldn't help having a little bit of hope
Dont change so people will like you. Be yourself and the right people will love the real you.
RT comes a point where you're too hungry to have the patience to cook a meal. Thank goodness I live in Restaurant City USA.
Anyone looking to buy a car? I've got a Ford Escape with 60k miles that would be right up your alley.
there are services which use software transcription Voting record on each issue should be in a database.
I'm kinda happy that I'm getting my braces off in 3 or 4 weeks!!!! :))
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy Tim Duncan
It's raining. #AUPSteadyRain Opening was amazing. 3 more chances to see it.
Hey darlin'! Don't ask such leading questions, lol. I'm working on a new cover for To Protect the Innocent. Need your opinion
They are all sexy. You know it. Especially
Hopefully my neighbors can't see in my room cuz I'm standing here naked, I'm not trying to give an old lady a heart attack haha
if you can't think of something mean to say, say something nice and pretend thats what you were thinking the whole time
Some people are so ignorant.
Might want to consider some steering wheel locks.
Saturday Sweaty Betty Blues Band w/ presenting The Best Blonde Joke Comp. Who has the best joke???
it's fine Jasper *hugs you back*
So happy to see you in a Dolphins uniform in a few months
#FF Friday! Here are a few of our favorites:
That made my night
Just got in from building me all kinds of muscle at the gym. Drink my post-workout shake.
"When you learn to accept instead of expect, you’ll surely avoid getting hurt and you’ll have fewer disappointments..."
GO BODE GO. GO BODE GO
I hope kristin got some lol
definitely a bit disorganized. Ill miss it though. My homebrew club, TRUB, has poured there last few years.
re child abuse. I'd like to know the answer. plz don't let me start. i hate what i know.
Are you out shopping looking for deals?
oh come on man you're better than that. ryan dunn died this summer.
sucks we dont talk any more all cuz i didnt have the balls to meet u.
thats what sup, so where you from and is the weather good there lol
But mine does... RT : If ya mom dnt got twitter stop wishing her happy mothers day on here smh...
House-buying FTW! Congrats.
Some people can't drive. Those people live in Madison.
Woman on the train just mocked her son that there's no Children's Day... But she's wrong.
Sorry if i'm mean, it's only because i'm keeping it real.
"Sleek and safe to drop"
Oh wow, Safari is really flipping out right now, I think I can thank the swagbucks toolbar for this...
that is such a frustrating road to me. Baltimore had such a great highway plan that just got completely tossed for politics.
great match at SNS last night!!! Your becoming one of my Fav's to watch for skill & technique!
Doing my sisters Make up for her 8th grade Prom #WingingIt lmao insider with
why thank you :p
Still looking for Associate Search Directors in the NYC area. SEO or PPC, if you're interested let me know!
What is the time counter on a video called? What is the term used?
Dont want to go home after school.
There is NO g behind #saysomethin get that straight and we can be friends :)
Currently listening to Big G's Wakarusa soundboard recording. Dom kills it on the sax in I Can't Stop!
Clay Matthews has better hair than I do but its okay. The Claymaker is allowed.
"Good men don't need rules. Today is not a good day to find out why I have so many."
yes when they have the remote i hate when they do this but i love them
Hello cruel mornin after a good night ...
In the process of building my first blog site for the photo biz. Be looking out for when it gets launched!
I can't seem to find it! Can you explain more?
how many times did the M's score 15 runs in 2 games last year- once, twice?
Closing that store was a grave error.
I'm trying to wrap my mind around a coworker's amazement at how a typewriter works. She had never seen one before this week! (DON'T say it!)
Who Died and Made You Mike Aviles?
Me either! Wow, time has really flown by!
First video: Luxury Costa Concordia cruise ship runs aground
i'd like to make an appointment to dustys hair salon
#leanstartup End of month cancellation spike : how did you find out sales quotas were to blame?
Considerable period of relaxation in front of the beach!
Morgan homecoming then HU homecoming ohh what should I do lol go to both lol
2 bad he has 2 go.
Street Team is coming soon!
I call it the Theology of Convenience. Whatever conveniently fits with my opinion.
phone died.Ima call you back babe!<3
What tattoo design do you want? Happy almost bday wkd!
She was like my favorite! Everything just feels so wrong now!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Come On FOLLOW and FOR 30000 Followers
I SET FIRE TO THE RAIINNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN!!!!
i love you so much im gonna try to get you trendiNG
I need to, But then my mom will make me stay home tmrw & I can't miss my finals. Lol but it literally feels like its bleeding.
OMG #BIGTIMEMOVIE WAS AWESOME LOVE IT?
At the #Badger basketball game for my 28th birthday! GO RED!
Thanks for the follow
If a dental trauma occurs, the best advice is to remain cool, calm and collected. Read and learn the following steps now....
Happy Wednesday twitters!! Hope the week is going by quickly!
Getting ready for Cross Church "Moving Forward Conference" day sessions here in Bakersfield, Cali.
Going to c my man Kevin Howard rock 1st Friday...
If I were to ever win the lottery, the first thing I'd do is make sure my mom could retire. :P
RT : "No, Tiger -- that's another Easter egg. We still can't find your ball." Happy Easter, everyone!
yes it is they will have a good shot and seeing it if sky is clear
can sum1 tweet me im bored
White boys or Latino boys?
Hyssop helps indigestion & asthma. It warms/stimulates the lungs, expels phlegm, balances circulation, and cleanses kidneys. And purifying!
how did you get allen iverson? Did you just select a free agent?
Fun photo shoot at beach and good connections made!!
you actually didn't, but okay if you want to believe that.
What a great show at Bismark Studios... My work will be on display until the 9th of March 930 Proton in San Antonio, TX.
Latin Beat's Chuy Varela column highlights Latin Jazz Youth Ensemble of SF among Bay Area bands keeping Latin Jazz alive. Color me PROUD
thanks so much for the follow! If I can help with a new mattress or some new furniture please let me know!
iTunes would be allot better if would let people merge Apple id's.
How to be successful at public speaking: "Be sincere; be brief; be seated." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
• Dogs bark, wolves howl. But the sheep wouldn't know that. Lol
are you inside??
it's birthdaytime! shots shots shots shots sh-shots shots! merry birthday motherfucker ;}
Just had breakfast at The Hill Cafe & bought price-gouged ice at The Market. They say ice is free at Fast Mart.
Hello Rain Members! No group classes until Jan 1st! Open regular hours today!
Yay! I love my new #teamtallgirl friends! :)
Suck my nugget you cunt . . Hehe , CUNT NUGGET ;D
don't get me wrong banks need reform, it's just that movement doesn't have any aim and is much more privileged than it leads on
Acyclovir for treatment of herpes
You're welcome!
Found another #winning tweep - Congrats on your SPJ-SD awards! Hope to see you at the July 7 awards banquet.
Hate riding da bus ima b late to class
finally catching up on
Hm? Something we can help with? ('s tweets are private, so we can't see them.)
Love in a hopeless place
We know the feeling. That's why we built our site. We have quick fill scholarships/can match you with the scholarships that-
Great Day...Arena was good ...the Hat was chill..got a early morning tomorrow
Do you want to win a copy of 's fabulous book Food Heroes? Let us know! Giveaway ends tonight at 5pm PST.
#Easter Egg-hunt begins at 2 p.m. on the Laguna Lawn! Hop on over!
Getting ready for blended support + Web 2.0
let them play games where they slaughter each other and listen to music that teaches rebellion. Does the word hypocrite come to mind?
Waffle Shop on Highland around 11:00
Just signed up for August's #Baltimore #Foodmakers event. The theme is peppers.
do you ever sleep. Lol
RT : Reminder #mhsm chat tonight: 6 Word Memoirs about your
it's not what you think it is!
like "I am a legitimate palm reader...if you'd like I would read your palm for a free tan"
oh hell yes
Do you realize as time goes by so are we? So live each single day to the best of your ability, never know time might say this is your last
I treasure each moment i breathe and walk with you I choose to inspire others to walk and breathe your light with me The more love more luv
Jesse J Domino...heavily samples...Sheena Easton Strut..try it!
Corey: Zimmerman's lawyer will be allowed to request bond.
Sounds like a lovely balance!
going to visit him, he moved over there for a couple of months:/
10 day Alaskan vacation booked and scheduled. my nipples are hard.
Wonderful day with the family
Put us in your #FF and we will do the return;)
mane everybody be talking bad about they schools its not the district its just school period
All aboard for 'Dinosaur Train' - Muncie Star Press
-- Well, I would never advise anyone to dump J.D. Martinez for those guys ...
Were your ears burning last night. Had dinner with and your name came up.
Even a mosquito doesn't get a slap on the back until it starts to work.
Bachman got stronger by the Republicans that's good news because if she wins the nomanaition Will Obama defeat her 4 sure
did you get caught in the traffic of the rollover accident on the Palmetto too?
Your bathroom smelled better
Till he's hurt too. MT : Though Maldonado is a solid guy, saw him play in Syracuse. Could make smooth transition to fill a hole
its hard work sitting on your ass today
Every time I hear "Ayy Ladies" I think of That song just has that N.O. bounce too it.
Phillies have been the best team in baseball all season.
: Thanks for spreading the word about the SHARE CFP!
If you're ever in Ann Arbor and walk by Chinese restaurant Middle Kingdom, do me a favor and kindly give it your Middle Finger
there are times I really don't know what to do with myself...
Second best night on TV... #tosh.0 get with it, foo
Watch out for Gap's credit card, they lie, cheat, and steal more than liars, cheaters, and stealers
Just one email. Hm.
your blog is lovely!!
I'm currently raving at a minigolf course.
Omg i forgot what today was, happy birthday baby. Love you!!!!!!!!!!!
I start a new project this Thursday with the Forest Hills Chamber of Commerce.
um... isn't there is a race in South Carolina you should be paying attention too?
I've been using the perfume I got from every single day now. I'm obsessed!
Cute kids in white dresses drinking from gigantic beer steins in the late 1920s.
Patients w/my vendors is wearing thin. I am in serious awe of how people function in society with the intelligence levels they demonstrate
Ironically lsu looks alot like tennessee right now lol
Seriously cannot WAIT until and get here!!!
Great; thanks! I'll check her out.
I Pay no mind to those who talk behind my back,it simply means that I am two steps ahead.
Awh that's so sweet Jake!!!:)
Gotta love the Pirates. They always are welcome in Milwaukee
Thanks for the follow
“: It's niggas I'd never look at and bitches who look like shit. Always running they mouths”
I was right outside the Pru when all the lights went out. Def thought the world was ending for a second.
$5 glass/$20 carafe Sangria, $6 Small Bites, $7 Select Wines, $3 Craft-Style Beers + plenty of parking = The Perfect Happy Hour Spot 5-7pm
I heard that
See you soon!
I LOVE YOU!
Got some Condessa Sumatra coffee beans and Thistle honey at farmers market today.
From 2012 conference: What does effective teaching look like & sound like? Audience: collaborative, student-led, & teacher facilitated
#FF Family food love!
good night!
Gnight talking it down
So rumors are popping up suggesting that Parks and Rec and Community are goners. I'd say NBC would lose viewers but no one watches anyway.
yea it is!
One month from today, a new will be crowned. Who will it be? I can't wait to see another woman's dream come true!
They had better be INSIDE! I'm on my way to see them too and have developed early stage sniffles.
I just imagined being #snookie's kid and now I feel really dirty.
Good luck tonight!
www.panemoctober.com :)
“: As you are now addicted to twitter ;)” nothing wrong with that though!
Kentucky needs to suck it up. Its a shame money will ruin a rivalry.
yes ~! got ur email about 2 pen as we speak *and stop changing ur name so much. Thats 4 times today
I am sensing a trend...same vibe at #PLA12 (for those paying attention)
An arrest was made on that case and it's pending trial. Thanks for asking and enjoy your Thanksgiving.
at my parents in Dyersburg. I'm bout to head back to Memphis though. What up pretty boy?
At the movies with lizzy :-)
Watching soundcheck for tonight's show!
that's what doggy style is for! Lol
Fitness needs to be perceived as fun and games or we subconsciously avoid it
There still isn't any player that can slow down Melo
Caitlin Harper: in the past few weeks of talking to you and then this last week hanging out everyday over break was awesome. Your so sweet
cool beans~ :)
hahaha yes, unfortunately.
Family is discussing my grandfathers colonoscopy. Great way to start easter weekend and the introduction of
The beginning of the year is a great time to set goals for yourself and your small business...what do you hope to achieve this year?
hahahaha so funny!!
PS, pancakes, IPA are gone. Just MIA and Monster zero left.
hope you get better soon!
Um...pardon the incorrect English in my previous tweet.
8 more days of this waking up at 6 in the morning shizzy.
Ravens have decision to make -- move Kruger or Upshaw to Suggs' position.
number? My phone broke ill text on imessage! Dm me it
Social media is not only driving core metrics for marketers, but is also generating massive amounts of data.
I had to check out this recipe based on name alone. After looking at it, will definitely make at my next party! thx
I'm I lying or is it true idk I wasn't there?
Good Night Babes
Pip is so adorable :-)
For the No. 12 pick #Philadelphia selects OT Fletcher Cox from
There aren't alot of people I genuinely dislike.... but I managed to find one this week and I must say its a frustrating feeling.
Heading to a FREE salsa lesson and live salsa band in Union Square tonight at 6. No partner necessary! See you there!
Thanks just wanted to log in & check account but of course it has to be a huge process causing account lockups and password changing
Your Discouragement is a sign that it is time for YOU to ENCOURAGE others...
That bluetooth earpiece you're wearing is about as cool as socks with sandals.
Even though I'm tired, this Easter service is awesome, needed this!
drug testing is only to receive cash benefits through TANF, they could still receive Medicaid though.
#Ashwednesday oops. Already ate a breakfast and have a turkey sandwich packed for lunch. Bad Catholic.
I would love an underdog finals #gopacers!
I need a strong lady fuck shawty she not built her weak ways make me wanna snap on her
yea I took acting classes. 4,000 dollars worth. But I still can't act like a Muslim. Ahah Im bound to slip up and cuss.
wow, exito con eso. i hope time flies for ya
jealous :D
I knew the Bulls was gone come back home and show they ass Melo had a great game yesterday thats the only reason they won
my poor fiance doesn't know what to do with me. I'm fine, I'm fine, I burst into tears...
Great job today girls!!!!
funny thing is I was actually talking about you.
Right on!
I GOT CABLE AND XBOX AT THE SAME TIME. i love my life. play me later
Happy Birthday!! <3 my love for you!! You were born this way and have changed the whole world.
I dont tweet watch you do bay ^_^
-Ugghh Im So Bored..!
The Farmer In His Own Hell
#ThingsMyMotherSays "so when are you bringing your girlfriend over?"
Less than 24 hours until the curtain rises! #FarragutNorth tomorrow night in the regional premier!
Like a sideways 8 ill always love you<3
at the beauty shop
follow me?
Got my 12th tattoo tonight...now to hide it from my mom!!!
Thanks! I have the book, but I saw only one page on tabbing that mentions columns. Haven't read it all yet tho.
check out our buddies from Everyone Dies In Utah, , they just signed with at www.myspace.com/everyonediesinutah
There's no use defending words you'll never say
Follow my otha twitter---->>
I wonder what my friends are up to this weekend?
I donno , it looks interesting :o
Then stay asleep!!!!!!
Here are a couple of great ideas to cure a hangover
currently editing the first bit of fiction for #invictus; nowhere is the circle of life more evident than in reading young writer fiction
RT keep a back up, in case these niggas wanna act up!
That was noted between me and
Ah that must be it! Thank you for your keen observations and for being an inside man in the hood community for so long
The best thing about the #SuperBowl are the commercials
amazing! Jamar, two group performances-second one was even better! Awesome!
we will take it off your hands
Doing a show this Thursday night in East Nashville at Charlie Bobs - 7pm
Even more #awesome RT We've got 3 that have come back to continue their respective projects
Hey...I'm not the best at Twitter, so I missed these posts. Sorry about that and thanks for the support!
lol, that's his money babe
2 students have been working in Hollywood for only 6 months...shot with Michael Jordan and Salma Hayek!
Girl I'm not gon break yo party heart
I hope you guys have a great day. I love you.
also might need your awesome input in...inspiring teen engagement w/ art? Know anything about that? :)
Check out our new song SWALLOW THE WORDS OF THE WISE!! on facebook now!!
thanks for following us!
I have 5 bags of beads,but i'm too impacient to make kandi rn.
aha , what did i get for mines ? But Happy Birthday tho(:
Don't forget Creighton Men's Soccer vs Minnesota Stars pro team this Sunday at noon. At Omaha South HS!
ohaii!:)I just wanted to say hey and that i hope you and alex stay together for a very LONG time :D
Dude.. This weather!!! It so dark in my room that I thought I set my alarm wrong.
wish i could my lips on that!!!!
I hate you.
¤ Blaze with the fire that is never extinguished. Luisa Sigea
Hi! Have a safe flight. Peace
I need to spend time with my best friend. Its been a while.
When you come home late, tap me on my shoulder, I'll roll over. Baby, I heard you
Happy B Day to the big homie
all i got to say is lakers better pull something out of their ass QUICK!-.-
Thank you very much- you guys are awesome!
Kinsler needs to hit a walk of homer!!!!
Bored,Who Wants To Talk?
g'morning! Have a great Friday... I'm off to sleep so I can start mine so it's Hi and Bye :-)
APAC Assembly tomorrow!!! Are you ready?? We got the talented Jennifer Chung coming here straight from Cali! Peg Ballroom, doors open at 6!
you'll rip my asshole open I'm 2-4 on pro.....
Nice seeing u last night! I'm sorry i came too late ;)
Check out all the details here: www.salsacrawl.com!
what we doin for the #Cats game??
e_o NOT NICE!
wat up big bro?
And the house hunt BEGINS! Just found a place in arlington with a pool and its in my price range. BONER.
“New fans will know Miguelito, Pepito Martito, Carlito and Dick. Directioners will always know Wayne, Ian, Barry, Kyle and Hughy.” this <U+2665>
hm what shall i do today?
": Don't look for people to tell you what to do. Seek out people who will inspire you with what they've done."
Setting also a problem. I'm not convinced that the lives of rich white people in Hawaii provide the required heft for a SAGA.
Dave Matthews coming to Alpine Valley Hell Yes!!! July 6th and 7th
Haha cops rolled up!
the most important thing you can do is rest and take time for yourself. If you don't try to relax it will be harder to heal.
It was very close to unwatchable. Uncomfortable at best.
its just right. Its farenhight
Then I'm claiming it right now I'm winning the LOTTO!
This dude sounds like the cookie monster!!
If Favre signs with the the Vikings as expected he needs to make a public apology to Packers fans when he wants back into the fold. Disgrace
Thanks so much for the kind note. I really appreciate it.
I wana go home
cute kid in your pic. His mom must be beautiful!
Hahaha the bus ride up here was crazy
My bananas verse
He did the Buffy TV show. RT : I don't really know who this Joss person is but I loved his take on The #Avengers!
I'd love a mini goddess reading. Feeling very blah today so it might help me perk up! thanks for the RT
RT Don’t be that guy who’s always griping. < I agree
u can not fight love ....... so why are you doing that ...
Gonna try to save up some money to buy a new iPod Touch, because I'm really starting to want one... <-<
Lol you put my name twice :p and I know. Its sad. I feel bad for them.
I was trying to avoid giving you a compliment on your new picture. But it's just too cute.
som, not one of the best travel experiences?
I could really use a vacation right about now.
IT'S NEVER GOOD TO BE CONTENT... Especially when you know you can do better & feel you can do more
“: ; lol we in the same boat then” Very much so!!
Tragedy today puts coaching/working in baseball in perspective and increases my gratitude for that opportunity..
Good Night !!
ha! I was just thinking the same thing.
The goverment dude.
I think obnoxious neighbors are very much the same, yes. At least they've stopped, for now.
No I don't. Sorry!
Up late working on the phone directory - should be ready in a few days
I need to he in bed by like 1
Im getting tired of seeing people with Hunger Games tshirts on. #
Stone in a Sling: A soldier's journey is a coming-of-age book outlining a unique story of one young man’s journey well into adulthood.
Watching True Lies!!
Have one of your friends call and say its an "emergency"
Gay RT : Relationships are like inventions there are always problems before it is finally perfect
Nice! Can't wait to see it!
It was a stone solid groove We should do it more often. Enjoy J and 's baby opossum stew!
So I did Turbo Fire HIIT 15 yesterday...and it was kind almost easy... So, either I dogged it (but I don't think I did...!) or my...
Movies aren't lying...visitor chairs at the hospital suck! Tomorrow I'm bringing a portable stadium seat.
If you want a DM to Austin Mahone, Alex Constancio & Justin Bieber, then follow & tweet me 'DM' when you did!
We'd love to have you anytime!
It's poppin' at the Hudson River Café right now. Get off at 125th (west side hwy). 133rd & 12th Ave. Say Linx a the door for reduced adm ...
Not quite sure what to make of this, other than, I suppose...
RT : "Anyone who angers you, conquers you." Sister Kenny // Brilliant!!! and from one of the bravest children's activist of the day!
Its time for me to head on over to desert breeze park.
TGIF! Happy Friday the 13th! Stop by the office and get a free scary movie.
don't you have blonde hair alex ?
yay! Where are you off to?
Thank you for the mention! Enjoy the rest of your week!
Watching For Colored Girls on my ipod laying on my snuggie in the media center . Lol
Good Night i love you :D
haha yeah :p
Broke up ? do you mean break up..!!
Thanks for the shout out!
Getting excited about the Children's Hospital Battle of the bands at the Hard Rock Boston tonight
heavens knows; I feel like I'll always be the bottom haha. One day we will reign as the Maddie's of the BFA list bahaha
Sports cards are officially on sale, Happy hour all day as long as a live sporting event is on!!
Now it's time for this #Heat game
sorry! got nothing for you in the near term. just be happy there's no water restrictions!
Just want to say that it took me a YEAR to find that through circuitous googling.
The awkward moment when you send a text to your mom that weren't meant for her.. Fuck life
A great saturday-the entire family slept in. Now it looks like it will rain most of the day. Maybe I can get the house cleaned up.
made the epic pic in my avatar.
the ipod? where the hell did u guys go!?
Well, I don't like to brag, but...
Closing out our conference this morning. We hope everyone enjoyed their time at #WFX Dallas 2011
feel like im getting close
Been so busy and neglectful of Twitter. I apologize to all!!!
Forgive the intrusion, but RW subscription includes continued access after graduating or leaving the university
rotfl. watching this video from a couple weeks ago. "don't be a pussy when eating pussy."
enjoy life!!! Dont stress mane!
thanks Joe!
I can feel Stevie's hyperventilating from here. :(
Only 3 bars in Boston showing the , waiting in line while the first main card is starting... So bummed
I got the cookies and booze; you got Gremlins?
Definitely not raiding my patches to display on my new D-Lux Messenger bag so I'll need new patches.
#GUKPTThanet Main Event starts today | £500 6Max | Follow progress via and | The Trip Leader!
Houston and Dallas seem a lot closer on the map
Yup. Whatever you purchase appears in the online reading room, which you can access from laptop, ipad, iphone.
Watching "Miami Heat at New York Knicks" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Thanks for the mentions !
That video is insane. What the hell kind of propaganda is she subjecting herself to?
we wish man. In the future though
very confused as to why this (my secondary) twitter page doesn't have the fun new changes?! where's my search bar?? UGGHHH
Pgh may not be the most vibrant city, but at least it doesn't smell like a sewage treatment plant when the wind blows.
*guys : Honestly girls with braces are attractive to me.
Ok ok ok did this chick really get on the news doing a interview with a roller in her hair wow
Getting in an argument with women is like being arrested because anything you say can and will be used against you! Lesson Learned
Sweet! So bringing this to our Prosumption reading group. I so want to make Ritzer talk abt Lolcats
thx. life is pretty great :) hows life in slc?
This is a stretch, but does anyone know if #Sheboygan gets #Milwaukee news?
Shoutout to ---> go follow him(:
#eisummit I didn't hear the first question! What was it?
Whats wrong with our 1st Lady being concern about our children some1 needs to be. I support breast feeding in California its nature's way!
"BEST WEEKEND EVER!" ~ The same stupid bitch on Facebook, at least twice a month...
- - it looks like #Kurt nailed it in the #NYADAauditions! :) Now let's hope #Rachel does the same :)
I almost wrote "yay vote" instead of "yea vote"
oops I got confused. I'm now trying CoolReader, which I also like a lot. And the font change took effect. :)
have some promising people looking to try out ;D
After reviewing the library link holdings, maybe my dreams aren't dead. Not sure what I can do with this.
I agree we haven't had a premiere RB since Ahman Green first couple years before knee injury.
We could get you a cot next to the #SuperTreadmill. RT : Athletic Republic poster boy
Yesterday was such a reflection of where will our souls will spend eternity every moment day person is so special lets make it happenDNicole
Anna, and I have too much fun with cameras and pomegranate seeds
We agree. Thank you for the compliment on the idea. The website is only the tip...
so it's been a month since I've dated this boy....yet he hasn't texted me in two days. I'm not clingy or anything, but really?....
Well, if you want to be Emmy Rossum's character, that's not too bad. Anyone else... =/
Missen my boy!!!want to see him so bad hopefully I get to see him tomorrow!!!!:)<3kassidy&evan<U+E32D><U+E328><U+E32B><U+E022><U+E327><U+E32C><U+E329><U+E32A>
What's the best Columbo to watch with someone who has never seen it before? A really good one that encompasses the series.
Somebody needs to come up with a better plan, I'm going to start watch NCAA Championship Subdivision (D1-AA), single elimination playoff.
wow! thx, stout-hearted Max!
following the 43rd district dems endorsement meeting via twitter is killing me!
": A real Superman is not afraid to stand next to a Superwoman!"
Dont believe what most people say
Life without love is like a tree without fruit....how sad!
If you wanna fly, come and take a ride, Take a space ride with the cowboy, baby
Yes they are! Hopefully we will see you at the next #52cardpickup for
There's nothing to spar about. And I only tweet about poop every 5 days. Which means I'm due for one Saturday! Stay tuned.
yah, we all need some recharge, this last push has been insane
heck yeah! i'm excited for tomorrow!
Sherri Hill Trunk Show is here! Call us today we have very limited appointments left. (713) 467-4646 or
Each time you fall you learn something new which will help u to get up and fight better and stronger....<U+2665>
tremendous and very ambitious of you!
look I have like three girls over here fingering themselves to u
and it did! well that and the mountain dew. :P
You could be the next winner in the CBS 58 Great Gas Card Giveaway! Tune in this half hour to find out how.
i know we should. Lets do it!(:
Just left the funeral home. I hope GOD gives my children strength to make it thru this. #janie<U+2665>
My excitement has yet to wear off from the Rock Hall induction ceremony. CLE needs this every year - after all the Rock Hall is here!
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, been supporting since 1 time! now to get noticed follow?X43
We are getting there! We'd have to share the world with the #HiddlePanthers of course!
What's the hot skinny?
enjoying this beautiful sunday morning~ <3 <U+266C><U+266A><U+266C>
Call us! 877-244-9913 - We sell printed tshirts and embroidered polos - scrubs, safety wear, caps, bags, and more.
someone has hacked your Tw, Jessica, I'm getting spam and malware attempts from your account
crack head ass nigga
Good Night Folks!
Should reach you by Thursday :D
oh okay /:
no one ever goes to taco bell kinda nice to be alone eating inside
I love you too! Have a great day.
"I've recently adopted a LOLCAT."
Nice bucket list. Though as a KY resident the Derby is overrated.
I'm lost O.o
how can blues music make me so happy? Its crazy
Owen Wilson, totally bloated on the red carpet yo.
I Need To Do My Hair.
When did the $100 #Target trip turn into the $200 Target trip?
Nice first pitch tonight for #SFGiants. I think you missed your calling. It's not too late to go back...
The art of writing is to explain the complications of the human soul with the simplicity that can be universally understood-Allan...
She'll never know how hard it is to not get to talk to her.
Game 7, Thursday. Props to Clemmensen on stopping an absurd amount of shots.
STARTING TODAY the X Class at 4:30pm in conjunction with the 5pm class....and the name is....EVEREST WITH OXYGEN. We dare you.
omg what happened to ur dog?!
Damn. fuckin' killed it last night. Great live band.
Moving our code repository to git. Use the right tool for the job. On our way yo a better release process.
a sky full of lighters <3
Dog eats her master's tickets to Masters A Seattle man has a happy ending to his near-disaster for the Masters.
I miss you!!
BTW, the thought of lighting up a packed arena night after night with "Heaven on Their Minds" is a beautiful thought. :D
#JamesBaldwin: “Not everything that is faced can be changed. But nothing can be changed until it is faced.”
it is the best at their show for that!!
I really feel bad for the folks who didn't stay past the credits for the Avengers. I mean it's a Marvel film, don't you know the drill?
ooc; Dm'd you. Dragging too much attention.
I usually go to the middle school
MY BITCH SUCK DICK LIKE SHE SUCKS DICK MY BITCH SUCK DICK LIKE SHE SUCKS DICK MY BITCH SUCK DICK LIKE SHE SUCKS DICK MY BITCH SUCK DICK.
Fuck U Hater Out Thurr Free My Lil Brother Donaven A.K.A Dizzle Bitch
My friends say I have a 'potty mouth', but I can't help it if I just really like the taste of their piss and shit. SUE ME!
HI Jessica, hows it going?
Dreams are motivation...but don't stay in the fantasy...live in reality....
wait are these similar to pot brownies? If not we be fine. I'll take a batch please
I hate finding out extras about your crush.
no prob. thanks for all the great info!
It's raining...a lot. I'm worn out from this past week. Guess what? You can find me in my bed all day :D Hit me up on your car beds cb radio
hey!!! I love and miss you!!
Yup, yup! Tampico FTW! :)
Lotsa grumpy people about today for such beautiful Friday weather...
- Just sold my 5DMKII to get into a live streaming rig, Panasonic GH2s perhaps
Continued from last tweet... I said "It's called burning discs, SMART ASS! The End.
thank you :D
Join us for the "Halloween Cutefest: Puppies on Parade" on 10/29, 3:30 by the dog park. Cookies, cider, dog treats! Pooches in costume!
What do you think about the phrase: "Moving and shaking." What does that imply?
via Manuel A. Mendez To all my dreamers. Own it this year! Its your dream no one else.
This morning our intern hit the road with LAHSA's Emergency Response Team!
oh! Thank you so much. I was consumed by wedding yesterday & forgot to get back to you. :)
You're not so good at surprises if you talk about them all the time and post them all over the interwebs.
what? I think it is funny that I did it twice n 1 night :) hahaha
Actually wanted to see JCarter but figured I'd watch on DVD.
I ate a half a turkey pot pie before I left my house tonight = ITIS!
Yeah been on it for 2-3 days so far.
When an academic has the exact same name as a bodybuilder, googling to find their email address throws up a hilarious set of images.
If you call or text me and most of the time I don't answer.... I probably don't rock with you.
My flipmode squad is dangerous
surprisingly no. Just go to you account settings, and its the first option. You will retain all your settings and followers.
Watch for heartburn symptoms after all those barbecues and picnics. Read my baby boomer wellness blog: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
The new STITCH-EQ for 2012 is almost complete! New MP concept in Black and Off-White, super FAB!
paper on age + citizenship + modernity with Benedict & Mead & Stoler & Chatterjee is fun, but also 7 hours late & half-finished ... :-(
Fuck me o.o hell fuck you
Happy Mothers Day Honey! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090>
Reber: I think we have the highest paid state employee. So many people are upset because they don't understand this is the market rate.
Well, at least its Thursday!
I Wonder How Manyy People Got A Picture With Me In The BAck Ground !
Justin is evil that way, we know. He got an excellent rating on his last review for it.
oh even better!!! I will shoot you an email! No worries, glad I tweeted you.
I say "Just go with it" <3 <3 <3 xoxoxoxoxoo! Life is too short!!! I'm wearing my silver shoes tonight! hahah! :)
"It is the petty expenses that empty the purse." Italian Proverb
updating a business plan... painful.
When a guy tells you he loves you, don't believe it. Wait until he shows you.
Loved 's "I Shall Be Released" cover at
Morning Be-Love's! May your day be blessed!
After another knee surgery the leg is finally starting to heal!
#mattdamon #contagion looks creepy but also looks like it's going rock!
Nothing kicks off Pride like a coupla tequila shots at El Zarape. Well, maybe other things do, too, but the tequila was good enough for me.
what's good j...
you know that 16 year old girl ? yeaah, she's uhmm, like how do I put her or that performance into words?
#IamAStanBecause we all fall down like toy soldiers
our problems is girls !? Well there's a million of them ! My grandma jsted died my mom makes me do everything posibble ! My real dad doe ...
& I like this one (:
Jamming, windows down on 15th and State- where is ?!
Chilling with the bestie!
hi I was just wondering if the conference call numbers are local or long-distance or toll-free? thanks
Tip of the day: If you don't want to get a parking ticket then alls you got to do is put your hazards on.
yea I know ! And can we rent cabins?
Tickets still available for "Urbanized" tonight at 7pm! Hope to see you here!
Hello Pollen.. Hitting the 11.2 mark today.. 11.4 tomorrow.. and 11.7 on Friday.. stay indoors or prepared if pollen is the culprit!
hahahahaha cause they so burnt they get dehidrated.
They do because I keep getting circle follows from non Germanic languages-- ha
I don't want your bitch. Oops I mean hoe. Fuck my bad your girlfriend *
The Divorce rate is higher that ther Marriage rate that's why many couples keep thier name!!
CONGRATS! RT : I am honored to be recognized as a Microsoft MVP for the sixth consecutive year.
tryin ta hate on my jokes. When they stop getting retweeted 20 times each one then I'll stop
how many fouls we got to give?
For what's its worth The #Bulls even got a non NBA guy like me fired up this year. Get D. Rose healthy for next season!
Blah busy night and not feeling so hot. Yay
neither could I! I'm having a 3am gourmet cheese plate lol!
#imhappiestwhen is happy.
Will be to arrive where we started And know the place for the first time
I'm partying right now. Actually, I'm earning money. Not really partying.
"You really can change the world if you care enough." - Marion Wright Edelman
Thorough I suppose? Tunnel vision form email dev?
The breakthrough is coming... #USWNT Our gals are hungry!
Shit happens, but you just have wipe your ass and move on!
Well hello there :D Any friend of Willy is a friend of mine :D
#vsa2011 regular access and license to hang out in museums creates <3 for museums!
In my case, I ended up getting wall spam every time the owner of the group posted to it, b/c the owner and I are friends.
We need to start scheduling focus groups in the Christ Hospital Imaging Center.
#pimpphases : get yo shit together to be on my team imma leave you alone if u just a dumb ass don't worry #we still friends
BREAKING: BP announces all its products are now called "milk" #SOTU /via
Delis now have Chipolte chicken to add to your sandwiches. I have completed lost my mind. LOL
Eat breakfast to get slim. It normailzes blood sugar levels so you are less hungry during the day.
You need to overcome your zombie fear and join us.
Dam got fight lastnite shit so crazy it's all good !!!!!
Yay for good parenting -_-" I'm sure you would at least get your child some breakfast food. Yet y'all fuckers complain that I'm too skinny.
RT Im mad The whole world is goin hard 4 Trayvon n his slave ass mama gon get on TV n say it was an 'accident'.I cld slap her to the ground
The function of wisdom is to discriminate between good and evil. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
SO SAD, WE WERE GIVEN THIS WONDERFUL WORLD FROM THE CREATOR & GREEDY PEOPLE ARE DESTROYING IT!!!!
bookstore near my house
naw man. I'm performin may 4th in athens though
Yes, you are right. I love ball screen offenses. Pure motion tough for kids to learn.
Contract discussions between the Thunder and Russell Westbrook will begin soon. How much will he demand? Over/Under $50 mill?
No offense but why the hell would you cut your wrist like Ew your going to hurt your self ):
Hey.. thanks for following me. have a great weekend.. ttyl..
just so you know I found a baby pic of you and John and I officially miss you guys!!
Oh nononono. We've lost today?? I'm just heartbroken. I can't even process this.
workers of the world unite!
That said, I haven't seen an example of it being done, yet.
Ha! It happens a lot. May be directly related to the job.
Congrats #GoNU baseball seniors: Sam Berg, Greg Ferguson, Jimmy Filter, Andrew Leenhouts, Matt Miller, Tucker Roeder, and SID !
where u sitting? I'm here
I do!
i was like the first one in our grade to have one
just stop
Broncos just scored yahhh come in for the Game Special $35 an 8th All Top Shelf Strains
Ladies, realize that being sexy has less to do with how u look, and more about how u feel.
is campus empty already? Seems quiet out there.
ha. Thanks. It's gross.
Meeks!!! Great start for him! We need him to get going!!
I'll pass your comment on to John. Thanks!
Check, please!
Matt Flynn will be next Kevin Kolb
I miss Whose Line Is It Anyway?. That show cracked me up... At least you can still watch reruns on ABC Family... At midnight. :`(
hahaha ... I hope he's not the one who gave me a $150 parking ticket. That would be embarrassing -_-
i agree on that entirely its like where did all the maturity go right? hell i cant even do good in a match with trash msg's
thanks for following! Can't wait for CMJ!!!
great story. Always good to see positive things happening in bmore.
I've been waiting on a check from a catering company for nearly a month now. Thinking it times to look for better options
ou should mention how cool & awesome im lol or yea pretty hahahahaha
Happy May 1st Everybody! Time to start planting the bulbs..
Good Morning.... Happy Friday. :-)
Mad a.f
I woke up like That
Thanks stay fresh brotha! Ill see u on set again one day soon hopfully!!
so if it's 60%, it's not every time. :-)
When are they going to get rid of the British chick on the office? She is terrible.
thanks for following!
Feel like I'm watching my life go by, and everything I've ever worked or wanted be thrown away all in a blink of an eye...
She said I could doh. She cares but doesn't. We like best friends with feelings lol but I wouldnt care
i'm trying to win tickets to Springle Ball, q102's spring concert, & i'd get to win meet & greets for every performer there :)
RT : Regulators extended IFR deadline to July 31st - but it's important homeowners act quickly!
if isnt the most EPIC human person in the transcontinental United States then shes defintiely 2nd on that list
HEY GUYS FOLLOW MY OTHER ACCOUNT THANKS
On our way to Bundaberg to see baby sea turtles hatch and make their way to sea...cant wait!!!
Sunday #Packers thought: if Collins is not healthy enough to return, could Landry be a option? Market has been fairly dry for him.
A slew of Rogues had a great time awards nominee reception on Mon. Looking forward to Mar 19th ceremony
Hope we make it to this airplane on time. Smh
Tiger Girls Unleashed -- News at 9
I love you , I love you not , I love you ..... When douse the cycle end ?
Bet that was a worth while trip! RT : detroit to see van halen back in 07
Decided I wasn't blonde enough so I went back and had Maria fix it. I'm definitely super blonde now :)
"Behold, if anyone says to you, "Lo, He is in the desert, believe it NOT!"
i reaaallly wanna play some Borderlands if you can get a good enough connection
Thank god i have no school tomorrow..
Hahaha dam I though it was goin be on yu
GHS at Acad Super Bowl so far FA team 3rd, Soc St 3rd, Math 2nd in class 3. Scores likely not good enough to adv to state. Eng team on now.
Thanks & for the PPC Aruba support!
thank the lawwwwd! (:
International house hunters always blows my mind. 4,000,000 for an apartment? Really?
Proud to make this account. :)
That's awesome. :]
I have no idea what Katie just said. What are you talking about?
somebody tell me the best thing to get at dairy queen, now!
I am dreaming of a chicken and waffle sandwich.
Winner:Linda Hilsenhoff-$50 gift card to Wasabi! Refer a patient to us and get entered in a monthly drawing to win a $50 gift card anywhere!
“: The role of a pastor's wife is to love her husband and pray for Him. ”
I still can't believe that #ROFLcon is a real thing. It sounds so delightful.
Check your DM.
Why don't you try using firefox? I had the same problem, but with firefox, everything's cool.
I love Poe's works and have been known to love John Cusack, but I have very low expectations for this movie. :(
So? Who is excepting resumes in the entertainment industry? My resume is pretty impressive if I do say so myself.
Hope you're alright. My awesome screenwriting instructor reminds us to be compassionate to ourselves . Keep a growth
Damn here I go with that thinking shyt. Only if all my questions could be answered.
It must be nice
I have seen Miss Jessies in Target stores, so I would locate one in Ala!
#lawinds Power returned to more of Mt. W.90065 !! thanks to the crews
ur such a butt, but i love u bunches
Rebel America Inc. lands ESPN Sports TV Placement. Congrats to the songwriters and producers that contributed on this project
Why doesn't everybody just leave everybody else the hell alone? – Jimmy Durante
Wow, the ATL Dark Girls doc is powerful!
Why are people trying to do a TBH on instagram? No.
RT : That has to be the best thing I've heard today!! ha!! LOL!!!< LMAOOOOO!
i want be your dog sitter aw :DD
JUST BOOKED MY TRIP TO PARIS.
Jeramorr! I am great. Staying busy, shooting a web series today. Turning 40 next week, praise God!
I totally don't buy this 'it's going to snow on abq tonight!' hype.
Simpsonizers can't wait for Paradise
*waves church fan*
Right back atcha!
Itchin' for some spring cleaning in my closet for new summer clothes...
If you're late to the game, Azealia Banks flows hard--definitely going to get big. Check out her song "212" if you haven't.
Beer is better. Domestic, Light and Cold.
Happy birthday,
how much would you charge for being his date doctor
I'm waving too!!!!
Please follow and let her know that i sent yu!!! thanks so muchchhhh
Good morning everyone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
im not gettin off ok
Y'all are so talented!!
My boyfriend is so into MIOBI . (:
ut oh. had a birthday party. and then we all turned into sunday night wolves.
Likewise. Full posts make me happy :-)
I've learned to accept the fact that things won't always go the way you want
Author tells us what his failures have taught him! Watch our NEW SHOW "My Big Fat Failure" Feb 26, 9p on
RT : Blake: Tune in! is talking w/ his daughter/speaker the rest of the hr. on surviving college...
Hi Beirut, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
will you sing me to sleep?
Too cool!
A bit biased toward smart, strong, funny women but felicia and holly are working it as hosts.
Don't believe the hype!
For the instagram photo challenges I just pick the random days that I want to participate in..
God I hate school so much
I want to get my legs a little thinner so I can get tattoos on the back of my thighs.
me too! Especially now that I actually know it tomorrow lol
I seriously act high half the time & I don't even smoke weed.
They should make some cotton candy skittles
u guys can't be upset at least u guys had the best record in the NBA that's an accomplishment!!!!!
Back in civilization...
Its so sunny! :)
Power Rankings and week 3 wrap up to be posted later
So scattered brain right now. Going to be a different kind of weekend.
It was great to speak at St. Mary's of the Woods and be with all whose passion is education.
Without Twitter I would not have known today was ten years since Avril Lavigne put out "Complicated"...lord help me I hate the world.
ya my hair was hecka long lol
#dexter season finale = mind blown.
nice and now we have them both
do you need a sexual cartoonish video girl? Holla.
haha let's do it please!(: this song is amazing !
Enjoying an evening of spoken word hosted by our youth ministry.
I mean, it's a gorgeous foot, but damn! ;)
Agreed! And if data is the lifeblood, actionable data-driven insights are the marketing muscle.
Last game of the season, I still believe! We can do it!
That's more like it.
Enjoy your day.
meaby in next year present will be ok xd and food too -,-
You already know
Woo sparring today for boxing. Should be interesting.
Do dogs have bellybuttons???!? Somebody answer me anyone!
A comprehensive communications policy protects brand, manages risk, addresses legal compliance, and promotes employee morale
Thanks for sharing our latest news!
No Blink-182 @ Bamboozle but you can still see the best act coming to the festival;
oh okay thanks fam!! appreciate it!!
Pet peeve: People who sigh very deeply in hopes you'll ask them what's wrong.
i work mon wed fri and sat..finally gonna be makin some money
Blasting Taylor Swift's cd on my way to work. Getting some weird looks... Who can resist singing along to Taylor Swift?
Gary Brackett put on the IR as well today. Tough day for the Colts....or is it? #suckforluck #conspiracy?
Excited to have a new gym in CA, mine is getting a little old after 2 years. Regardless, im off to the gym! #working out
RT : Jon Bon Jovi is not dead, nor has he been shot through the heart. Your to blame Twitter. You give news a bad name.
Doing some shopping for a washer/dryer and hanging out some...
Rule #2: Take action.
when your toms smell like shit..
the first one will be up tom am
Living the story of a love that i lost...
RT : RT : My Biggest Fear is losing My Mother
Go Riteway has just signed onto #WellCity #Milwaukee. Wellness programs for bus drivers. Great.
Tonight should be an interesting evening at the home of & ! PEYTONNNN!!!
#First20SongsOnShuffle Live My Life and Boyfriend!<33
Shouldn't it have some sort of timer so that it turns itself off? And how did YOU end up with this contraption ??!!
I know, & it's only the first round!
#ihatewhen the person driving puts the music on loud & everyone else is trying to talk to each other and he/she cant bother to turn it down!
A real man knows dat if he make u happy u will keep him happy...
ha fact!! boa!
Im not an #Athletics hater but the #Tigers have a better track record in recent years compared to Oakland Lets talk in October
Let's move together!!! :) Where is ur studio??
So, twitterfolk, why should I figure out how to participate in Google+? Pros and conas please. #google+
Scary movie 2 is better then the first
Yes ! Lol! You did not let me down. True man of your word. By the way, your set was swagged owt!
Arkansas had a great receiving core. Hayward had three very good opportunities for INTs. I'm liking what I an seeing
Doc killed that inning
Wednesday special is today! $20 for 5 consecutive days of tanning. Try not to be confused with our advertisements around the city.......
Brand new website! New album dropping Oct 2010! Follow NEMESYS on Twitter and get the low down on happenings and all the dirt you wish...
My adjective is honest.
hookah bar with kev and his sister
good how are you?
Thanks for following!
Captain America sucked. knows what I'm talking about;)
best part is that all those tweets my two roomates playin madden on xbox lol
I've been neglecting twitter a bit as I find my footing in a new routine. Catching up this morning and remembering I've missed y'all.
Since then I've kept busy with side projects while I search for the next thing.
Happy birthday to Fivel!!
up and coming photographers interested building an excellent diverse portfolio contact , please spread the word.
My emotions have caused my typing skills to go rouge. My apologies.
First rest stop, over halfway there. Chi-town here we come
Well atleast twice ah week would put a nigga in the ball game!
&#39;Anti-alcoholism&#39; drug cleared for use in France
What are your plans for June 25th? Be at the #USC Bovard Auditorium for my Album Release & Benefit Concert for #Egypt! Free
If I had a rooster and you had a donkey and your donkey ate my rooster. What would you have? 2 ft. of my cock in your ass.
Here here! - “: Think global, drink global, but SUPPORT local. You never know what hidden gems you may find in your own backyard.
Yes RT Do #Isles have pans of hiring any assistants since they let go of Allen and Chynoweth?
not much. Sittin here listening to music and bitching about bitchy people xD so much fun :P
Havin peanut butter and no jelly!
Keys in my pocket hit me on the Batphone
Finally ditched my ergonomic keyboard! I can already feel my Carpal Tunnel starting to Syndrome.
Absolutely!!!! No question! It is my passion!
Fergie would kill Mancini.
Try our newest bar: our very own organic Milk Chocolate Bar. It's absolutely delicious, and of course beautiful, too!
I had deduced that from women's use of unnecessary construction "I think that." Training myself not to, but accept social cost.
My mind is everywhere but where it needs to be.
please post! I missed your talk and am still kicking myself for it.
I will say, the new voting machines at the SD Registrar of Voters are pretty cool! Touch screen, easy to use.
Me too! > : I want a reason to use my passport this year ... Other than "I misplaced my license and I desire a beverage..."
11:11. Ya gotta love it bro. is probably my favorite person ever.
Fuck it. I'm gonna make me a burger and some fries
hit me up man.
felicity!! End of season two is getting crazy. Wtf.
lol yes, I get wet no matter how hard I try and so does my bookbag :T
really doe rhea
#nowplaying The Fifth Element. I love the way president Debo delivers his lines, like he learned them phonetically. He's like black Arnold
i walked into bed & went on tumblr....im not going to bed till 3 now..
The neurologist said that 80% of people over 80 end up with Alzheimer's, so be nice to your kids while you can.
Dear Sun, My skin needs you. Love, Kaycee
We are going to upload additional footage to remix. What shots from the video would you like to see more of? Reply to let us know!
did u ever go to sobs?
I bet ur just as sexy in tight jeans and a sweater!
what does that mean
I love ! Great stuff!
Finally. Someone who believes in my love for Hazza...
After physical injuries & heartaches this year, today we are at DISNEYLAND! Happiest place on earth--pour it on me! Temps today: 73 hi
Today in 1995, Jerry Garcia dies at age 53 of a heart attack after having checked into a drug-rehab facility in Forest Knolls, California.
#When guys wear PINK<3 hot ;)
Go Vote
Check out my dairy-free, soy-free herbed potato salad recipe. Perfect for a Labor Day BBQ.
“: #FirePioli” this will be trending
Training Day Part II
You're a machine, Mr. Campbell.
Hope does not disappoint us, because God has poured out his love into our hearts by the Holy Spirit, whom he has given us. - Romans 5:5
All business done! Relax Mode.
tryin to sleep
On set this beautiful Sunday for HBO's The Newsroom!!!
Niggas say I'm fly but to her I'm god- tyga
I thought they did have traffic in Canada? WTH?
I wasn't so much GoDaddy's refusal to support SOPA that got me cheering. It was Wikipedia's. Love that Jimmy Wales.
Some shit just want ever :(
Maybe I brought this upon myself...
Thanks Jessica!
Sharks also sign defenseman Dylan Demelo to an entry level contract. #SJSharks selected him in 2011 during the 6th round.
Life is full of surprises, one moment you think you have life all figured out then "BAM" you get a curve ball.
the sleeping pills aren't worth the crazy dreams they give u lol get someone to read u a bedtime story haha
Its good to be back in the oc for the night! Vip !
So I took a shower and when I gt in the hot water burned my ass!!! Dmnt
RT : It's always great to see #Cliffmas in person. #Phillies //> On my way! ...this could get interesting. Haha!!
Stalley Talks 'Self Made Vol. 2' Studio Sessions, Rick Ross' Formula & Being a SBTRKT Fan
ew fall of a cliff
I've found who my true friends are in the past months, thanks for being there
Spent the day looking at P.E.N. Intl's anti-censorship documents and the evening hearing Coetzee speak on S. African censorship. I <U+2665> my job.
Making exceptions in hiring practices often come back to haunt you. Remember that your requirements are in place for a reason.
She's fab, isn't she? Glad you're enjoying it.
Thanks for helping me lobbying abt Syria. How are the rest of STAND's lobby meeting going today?
a ya jajajajajajajajaa
Happy early Birthday! Have fun, don't do anything I wouldn't do!
When they show Juliet on my local news I fangirl every time ahahah love her <3
More history: California Rep. Nancy Pelosi became the first female Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives today in 2007.
tell johnny i said hi. even tho i saw im earlier today
nicki minaj and lil kim should do a song together
Illegal Aliens...oh I'm sorry undocumented Democrats=are votes for Democrats, its that simple
What business?
haha what teacher
...If kid ends up not going to college, you could transfer the money from the 529 Plan to yourself & use it to pay for art school in Paris
bahahaha that's original.
No, the abuse/auditions/Puck's exam episode. Songs and plots are just the worst.
voting for Lugar one last time makes more sense than for someone that has been endorsed by folks who have come across as ignorant zealots.
Its wasnt even me! ahaha PRANK DIAL! :)
you're adorable Alex ! please follow me :)
So why dude asked me why im always gang banging !
Eating a honeycomb. I need somewhere to spit the wax besides my hand.
Ken Fortier is our guest today... he will give us three great questions to use every day to help improve your business. Tune in!!
How can stores like Walmart ever run out of supplies? Don't you get shipment like everyday!
Conans hair never ceases to amaze me
Get followed by and on twitter
Smashing Pumpkins-the beginning is the end is the beginning
Flavor Your Friday! RT for a chance to win a free bag of Tiesta Tea
just cataloged mail from Columbia's School of the Arts / Writing Division. Kind of a shock to see the words "413 Dodge Hall" again.
HAHAHAHAHAHA, I'm not sure why but I think this is hilarious. :D
Great article on How to Use Retirement Funds to Start a Business worth the read
Speech making no sense
Morning grind...
Great event last night! Loved hearing trials/trib's of successful entrepreneurs. Best Edu event so far.
they are showing the happenings onside on the jumbotron outside but only about 10k allowed on the south plaza
How will you encourage participation in the discussion boards? #hightouchhightech is there participation grade?
im at ur service :)
Would have to agree. RT I do believe this is the sunniest December I've seen in my 7 years in Oregon.
I Love The Night
Happy anniversary to ! The most bestest wife ever!
Ok y'all...Mardi Gras is over and it's now time to buckle down and file your tax return for 2011~ come see me at 804 Webster Street!
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>mines is to become a vampire/jedi
Ew you're ghetto.
Every second is a highlight :)
Not sure if this is an upside or a downside of working in North Beach, but it always smells like really good marinara sauce.
8^) Getting close to finishing book 2. I can taste the ending, and soon shall it be sent to editing. Deadline no longer terrifying.
Not sure why melvin felt he needed to trade McGehee today. Don't like the trade. Could have tendered a contract and looked at other deals.
Yes I do. 2 so far and another one on the way. Cordyceps:treating diabetes cancer and other illnesses and healthy without chemical
IT WILL BE 81 ON SUNDAY.
I love my mom,shes the best !
Spotted many Ergo carriers at the Great Cloth Diaper Change event today in Arizona!
Ouch. Looks like Ray Allen re-tweaked his ankle there. He's still in the game but must be playing with lots of pain.
This stretch shirt needs one thing: I have to tan myself LOL
last library I worked at was much busier, & would NOT look up someone's record if they didn't have their card or the card #
thanks, not it, but it's making me think he was somewhere on lehman's site. i'm going to keep looking around. thank you!
meeting this guitarist to help me get this music together and he's LATE!
- Do U still have the hook-up on Red Bull these days? re: driving Red Bull car
C. You have just seen a Stephen Daldry film.
Some guys just cant pull off the v-neck smh.
I did partake in the free TV, however.
Lololol I meant weirdo*
My Lower Back Be Hurtn !
STFU LOOK AT YOURS PRECIOUS HOCKEY PLAYER
Wow, this is going to be a lovely day!
Virtual #Valentine's alert! RT Interested in learning abt #wine and #chocolate pairings? Join us at this hashtag:
Nature magically suits a man to his fortunes, by making them the fruit of his character. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
SEARED SCALLOPS Fontina Risotto, Escarole and Apple Brown Butter
Chicken pot pie >
Hoes want what ya got & phony ninjas want ya spot
(unless you're ATEC, then send to Desmond)
as though the unwritten chapter is *real*, even if virtual and not actual. curious to hear what others recommend, though...
Where's the Badugi/TD events?
#Casting Looking for and attractive theater type actor. Great voice for doritos spec this Sunday. Email.
Writers, have you ever gotten an agent from meeting her at a writer's conference?
welcome ma dude
#truthis I'll chase my dreams,though my parents would rather I didnt.Being poor I'll deal with..but unhappy?Never.
you thought extremely right my friend :)
Thats why he is one of our presenters 4 #tedxyouth RT : Who doesn't love a good hug?
it wasn't bad when i looked at it.. 14 miles or less.. that's easy on a bike. :)
No problem. Some ribs will make the shame go away ;-)
Love the attitudes of the DB's on this team! Puttin' in the work with special results ahead #BCS #hookem#
ha that's awesome! I gotta call muhmuh soon
2 can play that game.
In this world, if you have & take the time to write a column lambasting Mark Zuckerberg's wardrobe, don't write.
Angels gotta even it up.
I hate this school.
At the #dmba venture show...love Texrilla - b2b tools developed for organic produce applied to textiles. Genius.
oh finding great stuff? :) we always do!
at the concert
PRINTELOPE PRINTING SPECIAL! Mention Twitter with your order & get 20% off TODAY!
rt Nehra drops Ravi Teja off his own bowling, and the next ball is scooped fine for four. On such things do matches turn.
what we do?
Check out on !
Laying in bed.
Don't forget tiger jam- w/ Jon Bon Jovi & friends. Mandalay event center.. April 28th! Moorea during the day, concert at night, what a plan!
you two are a great team. Keep up the great work!
I just saw sumbody I went to school wit he look 2 times my age
Happy mothers day!
Living wit the hell i've made for myself....
LMKasprzak re: CMC -- Social media is a cocktail party; you are supposed to engage in conversation and LISTEN.
Any #bellydancers performing at #restaurants? DM us! We'd like to know!
Can't wait to get my voxbox next month!
stay strong!! Everything will be okay! #Praying for you and your family
Oh shoot I just saw this! Lol
Mickeys Dairy Bar next to Camp Randall. Nothing better!
Just donated to sarahpac
Good Day All…
would u b interested in donating $25 2a nonprofit scholarship fund/program 4 HS junior girls in return 4free ad etc? Msg plz
I love when life gets amazing.
I am excited to announce that I recently started a #nonprofit #project to raise #funds for my BFF ! Website is coming soon!
Thinking bout my family Love you all so much!!!
Truth.But its equally true that you cant stop people from trying to fake it. RT You cannot fake soul.
give me more #kerosene haha :')
what I heard was in the hallway between the commons and gym
Those predictions are terrible
he would get a girlfriend , honestly some teenage boys have #norespect .
Welcome to Titletown, Casey. Go Pack Go!
I jus got to my Gramma house, I'm bout to come up there soon (:
He's a certified Mo-Town baller. He can wear what he wants!
yeah, I just started as wood elf.
i mean, stupider than usual
example: I've never been to xyz, I will probably get mugged there.
Have a great Easter weekend!
Thanks God the #Cavs are playing well. It makes these horrific commercials easier to suffer.
give them to me! :)
In Muskegon this weekend, might go swim in the lake despite the temp
yeah right lol
Sex is like software: For every one who pays for it there are hundreds getting it for free.
Thank you to !
Jones Day has hired mass tort litigator Barbara Harding in its Washington, D.C. office. Ms. Harding was previously with Kirkland & Ellis.
well they are stinkers! my son was asleep--did not make an earlier flight but all went smoothly. Took a 2-hr nap today! Heaven.
Can't sleep. Too much on my mind
Suck it , but when you suck it, make sure you suck it good bitch.
"Who is Stevie J" idk but that tag is still stuck in my head
I am a graphic designer by day (trumpeter by night & weekend).
the orphan or the magician?
Cake break
why does twitter say you don't exist ? Esh :/
have you tried to get tickets? We should try to go
Formal starts at 7pm! Enter through the main door on the west side of the stadium & you will be directed to the proper room! See ya there!!!
sorry to hear you had a rough weekend. 1 kid with lots o' homework and 1 sick kid here.
Kid in my class today came up with a comic about "Mine Craft Mom"
I am not sure what I am doing here yet....when I figure it out I will let you know....and write something insanely provocative.
I want to fall deeply in love<3
Zai talking bout he found a friend on Facebook? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
idk I guess after being real sick.. Then I haven't lifted as hard as I have been now
Dont push it dude :p RT : told you I'm cooler than Coors Light lol
RT : Stan: "The only thing I'm really uncomfortable with is bullshit." Dwight: "[bullshit.]"
I hope you aren't referring to me.
ugh I know <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
My mon said Carlos is way to intelligent for his age lol
he took one hit n said ma good shit keeps him coming back..! *PUUUUULLLLLL UUPPPP* LOL
Work got cancelled which means I could of gone to the eop dinner ... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Guten Morgen Thanks for following our twinning tweets!
Thanks. Keep it up. Cant be there...so be twitter connection ;) lots of pics!
. Pacers tickets bought on StubHub for $2. Holy Cow!!!
lol think its just all talk huh???
Lankan workers brought to Saudi from Kuwait illegally - Sunday Times.lk
#Bride of The Killer Nerr II :Tom:
The 4 "C's" of boxing: Coachable, Concentration, Conditioning = Champion!
The Heartland is good-- wknd anchorning now-- are you still at CVB? Say hi to Sharman for me!
“: To all Miami Heat fans/supporters/sympathizers: We're in a fight. Don't call me. #knicksin7” FYI people!
Hey, sorry. I haven't gotten to check you guys out yet. I'll be sure to let you know when I do though! :D
writing a report & having fond memories of the indepth #customer interviews we did, sigh, gotta love the #qual aspect of
Humanity has only scratched the surface of its real potential. Peace Pilgrim
Allegro would like to dedicate a dance to Salvatore Capezio next year --can you help us out?
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!!
these tubules are pretty convoluted.
Prep Jerks: Spring/Summer 2012 - Prep Jerks ® Blog
It's time for the #Bruins 1st line to make an impact in this series.
The only thing about the injuries that would really be relevant is that the prosecutor didn't mention them in the affadavit
Haha yeah I hate that Too
We'll be passing out demos at the RED and TFK show tonight! If you see us come say hi! We love talking to new people, and old friends too!
DRAKE DRAKE DRAKE DRAKE DRAKE DRAKE DRAKE DRAKE!!!!!!:D
Wow! Amazing drive! Are you kidding me?
Hi Shawna! If your still job hunting, u can go to minorityjobs.net and make your resume FREE! Also have a job board! Julie
Omggaahhh I need a long vacay. Stat.
On way to NYC duo recital with wonderful y. Hanani cello
You're awesome Carla!
I get so excited :P
Ok, so my myspace life is officially over...received a friend request from my mom.
Yeah she does, she's marrying him.
Is it time to go home yet?
Almost only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades.
I hate these shoes why'd i buy them
PLEASE follow mee(: it would make my life, I've been trying to get u to follow me foreverr.
probably shouldn't tell you that I got it for $49 (originally $118)
": Is that a bird? No wait, It's the flying fu*k i don't give."
RT : I'm at The Ritz-Carlton (Dallas, TX) // One of my heroes is in town and no way for me to meet him. :( Have a good visit, Woz!
They have Axe for girls..
will be hosting major events in the #DMV #TDOT #TX #CALIBAYBAY #NYC >>>>Follow Support our Troops!
Thank you! you're super cool Dave, not to mention cute. I'm in NY. would LOVE to see your standup act.
He was chilling. I did speak with him, but he wasn't feeling his best. But I agree a life gone too soon.
what an idiot! Vote him out
? What happened to getting the phones...
I'd learn more in my online improv class if I wasn't still on dialup.
All in about a year. I think that's brilliant.
Some things never change. Get all the attention and looks from all the guys you can. They all want your ass. I wanted your heart.
i wanna sleep but i wanna watch friends. what to do, what to do?
do you wanna ride....
Tinker Tailor Soldier Spy is a hard movie to follow. I love it.
What does it mean to be a "college prep" high school? Please respond or RT if you have the time. Thank you!
#Transsexual #Homosexual #Bisexual #Straight? No worries. We enjoy all lovers. Sign up now at mydateishere.com to find your date today!
I wish twitter had a like button and facebook had a retweet button.
four more days :) can't wait
love that one ( new Hampshire)
been editing like crazy. NOW U will b able 2 listen 2 episodes anytime u want! by site/ill post them/or by email. details soon
Is it bedtime yet?!?
Good point! Updated to "potential" moms. Thanks!
"You know what they say: love is blind." -
FOLLOW ME PLZ (: I NVR GET NOTICED BY YOU GUYS ):
A little relaxation then to the office to catch up on paperwork for RGM Records
hi new friends :)
RT : Today is our last for Live From the Red Carpet giveaway!We're giving it away in just a few minutesStay tuned
- Im Going To Be At Your School Around 5 If You Wanna Chill (: Im About To Text You Back Baee .
if i was Samardzija i woulda threw at AJ cause of how much i hate him
#DearTwitter when ur best players are Playin 2of6 innings in a baseball game odds are they won't like it
#amreading "Real Unreal: Best American Fantasy Vol. 3". Good imaginative stuff.
Thanks for making it possible with your sponsorship! RT : Looking forward to a great boat cruise this Friday with
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you give warm hugs !
FOREX-Euro rallies vs US dollar on data, risk appetite
Where do you??(Not to be a creeper lol) It looks really pretty!
Aah I miss you !
SOME PEOPLE BE ACTIN TO SENSITIVE
My cat keeps biting me :(
G.M.N.I.: Every man I knew was pimpin', selling drugs, abusing women, or making women knotches on a belt.
DC: Had a blast from the past. 20 years later and she is still beautiful!
Cant wait to get home
Never give up! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
Tanner sure is cute but he just hates to let me sleep
If State Farm were such a good neighbor they'd come over and pick up all the dog shit in my yard.
If you've ever had the thought: "I'll just get a bunch of food for emergencies", this is the way to do it, at FastPreparedness.com. RT/visit
dude Ur ripped u do any personal training
Addicted to entourage!
I know it's ridiculous....
you can judge whatever you want. just can't get paid for it.
just had my first discussion with about my blog. Lucky you, it will be a reality soon!
its snowing in Alabama and 65 degrees in DC!
Happy Friday! Hey-Who's watching the Superbowl this weekend?
keep hearing that ..what is it?
yes! :) btw I love your icon.
Just voted. East Ramapo, get your butts down to your polling station and vote YES, Thomson, Rivera and Foskew!
Oh sweet! right?
you right im going to sleep now lol
Probably. I need to do some research
Use The Force!
Its funny, you really think I give a shit what you say about me, see how Mich I care ? Noooonnnneeee (:
The JFR transfers funds to rescuers in Poland via the PEKAO. Met with an IT person in Warsaw to resolve a techincal issue. Problem solved
Government control of the uterus has been a main goal of conservatives for years.
whats all this talk about you and kim. FUCK DAT
I just DM you Bro!
#YoureInTheFriendzoneIf Im always "busy" on the weekends.
Im not to worried just gonna go with the flow... What more can I do ??
#NP oh well - juicy j and 2 chains..
I hate awkward moments SO much. Like really...so so so much... -__-
Finally made it into Texas where slow people don't drive in the fast lane!!
you randomly said megan foxx??
when youre in a sucky mood and you go on to twitter only to find that everyone else is having a great day<<oh and first flat tire today.whoo
bird is what it is but Terps playing a heck of a gam and you are posting no love
THIS BITCH IS GOING TO WIN A FIAT 500!! I WANT THAT!!! GIVE ME THAT!!
You got lucky..lol..
be careful out there lil sis
if u really respected yourself then you would naturally respect others,life would be so much easier that way!
You are so confusing...
well my friend called and im afraid im gonna get in trouble bc i said i was gonna kill myself and shes probs gonna tell
On that note, any Denver chiro recommendations? Capitol Hill?
Who's the Bossk
Our sincerest condolences. What a sweet face Cooper had. We're dog lovers, so we totally feel your pain. R.I.P. Cooper.
We the new guys in the neighborhood!!!
Not my finest moment. But of course, for a while, since it was you drawing, I thought the caption "rude boy" had to do w/ ska.
Im in no rush.
G'Morning. :]
Can we take a break now? #seriously Haha. Thought we'd be the last ones. Guess not.
Those late night convos between you and someone who used to be special........
Few things help an individual more than to place responsibility on him and to let him know that you trust him. - Booker T. Washington
I just can't get enough jalapenos. God damn.
Anthony Lukas made an its/it's error in a letter. Do I give my students more slack because of this?
If only her mom knew what she did..
Lol! now I'm hungry.. Follow Wendy Day on Twitter ... She really knows the music business and shares it!
"The artist must be in his work as God is in creation, invisible and all-powerful; one must sense him everywhere but never see him."
Santorum just conflated "Latino voters" with "illegal voters"
you gave some of the most powerful reaction - when you watch the story now, it feels so raw. Hope you are doing well!
“: 1 of my Dads best sayings "U wanna handle it or u want me 2? Cuz I don't think ull like how I handle it."” Real Dad's lingo
RT : Cheaters need to come to San Antonio lol they already here ha ha! They called my niggas lol
Definitely. No one really does homework anymore.
desperate Dave, I know you begged twitter to get yourself verified, you little gypsy you
conference week :v
Thank you for following. Look forward to learning more about you.
my family cant make it so you only have to worry about 5 people :)
oh wow! Safe travels and good luck running your half marathon!
i wasnt a fan of the signing but there were really no other options out there if i remember correctly
TGIF!!!! Good morning!!
Holy cow the vikings-bears game was worse than a shitty bowl game!
this saturday we at st. andrews, im doin
Following contains colorful language, I just read about red and it made me blue, now i'm green with envy and yellow belly too!
The Nuggets dont have a lot of talent but they are scrappy.
Hi Jo, thanks for answering, I just kinda of kick back for now hopping to tweet with beautifyl women like you. Never see you
Hit the first traffic. Ironically behind the #bolt bus
We are off tonight to give everyone a break for the holiday, we will see you Wednesday!
Trust me - if you want to see an up-to-date version of DARK SHADOWS, rent the 1991 reboot. You'll save money and have more fun.
Now that Joanne Kares is retired, she's an NJ library "secret shopper". She also writes great book reviews for the LG blog.
I want to stay at Lakes.
Listening to 2nd album "Do you know [sanctuary]" Absolutely amazing classic! I've been a fan to long, I still know the words!
"If love is a game, these are the rules". - Cherie Carter Scott -
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER: THERIVERSDSU
I love leaaving my twitter open so my friends can use it !!!!
Working on story about Wrightstown's Craig Nennig. His Grandpa was drafted by the Cardinals but declined to be with his wife instead. Aw
Huntington woman reports being shot multiple times with BB gun - Huntington Herald Dispatch
Productive walk of shame
i finally remembered my password!! took me long enough!
shaking off the effects of last night's collision perhaps? I think Nyjer is ready. 2 or 3 hits tonight.
making fun of any murder is lame, I support most of your bmore politics, but perhaps stick to that, leave the comedy to the pros
Golfing , fishing, you have way too much fun- I wanna help!
he's been tanning in the off season.
Morning! Yup I replied a while ago :) RT : Hey Good Morning Desi, i had sent you a dm, b4... my friend....?
Life is just a party, so come as you are.
I think okay
Hey look even follows us now. We are behind or maybe we just need to get Jake to use his account.
I just got back from school and I'm leaving to another.#itSUCKS I know right?!?!
Are you and Madeline the same person?
Gimme your Dad's email... RT : Ok... I'm back on track! Now what!?
were I not in a meeting I would. Enjoy
Another great race. You're having a nice year. congrats
I have a sudden urge to take half a melon, grab a spoon and dig in.
#Sextips While eating the VAGINA reach your arms over your head and rub on her nipples
Worker looks down at his pay check, glances up, glances back at check, glances up again.. I know that look, his hours are short.
Early tattoo artists used urine mixed with different coloring matter to make their tattoos... Gross!!!
HOW ABOUT YOU AND MADDONA
Listening to "Nothing On You" by B.o.B ft. Bruno Mars <3
IDK my mom just went to work
Can't wait till I graduate!
I'll see what I can do :)
The service at steak n shake is terrible
i will interrupt more than your sleep next time
Sharing my plan for creating #jobs at the SD EDC mayoral forum.
no problem man
Drama on my tl
Did the Charles E. Cooper Studios inspire the hit TV show Mad Men? Looking for insight!
Jeeze! What's in Arkansas?
for real a must win
At #wcdet. Come say hi.
Now if only Obama could make it OK for me to wear pants less; then we'd have progress.
A Smile Can Mean A Thousand Words, But It Can Also Hide A Thousand Problems.
can I join? Lol
Done for the week. Now begins a ballin outrageous weekend
So many of my academic friends were mocking my obsession w/ #Greys and #P. Now #Scandal's on#, everybody loves
the secret to a student-driven classroom? When kids ask "can we?" stop saying no and holding back their learning.
Just ate dinner it was good
haha the room has never looked so clean!
Very Cool, Pam! It feels so good to get things DONE!
Highlight of my day was :-)
hahaha i think i'd fall over if someone asked me for my autograph! but i'd try my best. haha #youreadorable!
Get a ticket to the Release Party & receive a FREE copy of my album: #TheClevelander!! HMU!
My mom's nurse for the night is a Yankees fan. Things got momentarily weird. :x
how did you like The Customer Loyalty Pyramid?
typo it is
Baby fashion!
Why do YOU use the "N" word Ni**a/Ni**er? What about the suffering and death of our ANCESTORS under the WORD Ni**a/Ni**er?
I never said I thought.. If you know what I mean haha
Big S/O to #FreeWorldMuzic #cokeboys tune in and check out husband or wife remix ft video coming soon ya dig lego
Isn't it funny how people constantly state how much class they have when fact is they have none! #stayclassy <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> #onlyfoolingyourself <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
I will never stop reading the print-edtion newspaper. So much more rewarding.
you do suck. You should just quit forever. Stop being a homo. It's february. I can't listen to this crying all summer.
Doing some last minute housework for mother-in-law visit before I head in to work for tonight's show at
Jigging and lmbo
Will you come again it's hard to say
Forgot I had a free oil change :)
It'd be badass to live in Beverly Hills someday.
What would you do if you were told you were dying?
yes :D I'm a belieber, you too? Haha
hell no i'm going to heaven my future is bright
If I click on the email link that I receive as being a member of your site, I don't expect to have to enter my login info every time.
#ACRL2011 looking forward to listening to Clinton Kelly.
Couldnt sleep at all last night. Now im sleepy..
At Tonjas Cupofjava we keep it Local! Anodyne Coffee Roasting Company, Wild Flour Bakery, Soup and Sandwich, Tea are from Rishi Tea Company!
I'm at a payphone trying to call home, all of my change I spent on you..
We would love to come to Canada some day soon!
I'm with Michael Jackson singing 'You Can't Win!!!' “: What was your favorite character in #TheWiz?”
Now that college football is banned, maybe you all will pay attention to early college basketball.
Only 1O% of men go to HEAVEN, cause if they all went then it would be hell!
Downtown baby!
Never go on TV with kids or dogs, right?
RT Spring 2012 Board of Directors Meeting minutes now posted in Members Only section of
I wonder if has one you could borrow?
Funny, me too. Loved p.62 story where jumped on a cafeteria table at Chi Seminary to rally classmates for Selma.
oh ok I thought you were going to mail it to Francisco....
so what's this you're saying about a #rimjob?
How you like me now?
Have to admit, I really liked Darjeeling. Also -- and I know this is blasphemy -- lukewarm on Tenenbaums.
well thank you very much :)
twitters retarted. it wont let me log into so now i had to make a new account. cant upload a profile pic either. wtf
Left home at 3:30 this morning. So, yes, it's confirmed... 3:30 am does actually exist.
yes, stop before it's too late.
my first one took about 4 weeks, my 2nd 3 months. what are you using to clean it? :)
dont be gay, get a tattoo today
pretty interesting. Not surprising
Look out for another safety here...
If you are anything like most of the people I speak to in my own consulting business, the truth is,
check my tl let me no if you can collab!
Keep your eye out for a brand new UWeekly hitting stands tomorrow for your chance to win some #freecash!
Interesting to find out what some people think, especially when they're of you...
When is the Jersey Laundry site going to be up and running again?
Tomorrow I got my aunts funeral, doin hair, and hopefully sum QT & bonding time...
Volunteers are needed Sat 5/5 at Coventry PEACE Park cleanup. 10-2 rain or shine.
I'm gettin mine soon bro.
Office meeting today. Keeping open the line of communication is helpful for all employees. Reassessing once a month is good too
Yay!! Goosebumps for you over here! Another girl!! Names???
Santa margarita wins, 4-1 the first #CAHA high school hockey championship
#Dignityofwork Or the years I spent working as a housecleaner, scrubbing rich people's toilets. As dignified as a Winsdor.
i really dk what i should do with this dude
Charmed by Hardy Wallace's quirky style
feels like the minutes slip past me. Need something.
We’re throwing around some new contest ideas. Anyone want another Xtreme Photo and Video contest to send off the summer? Yes? No?
Snuggle time
Heyy how have you been? ; )
yes no processed flour or gluten... are u no sugar and simple carbs? Thinking about it?
All hail Queen Sumi, Protector of the People.
so much trouble. I am doing everything else but the paper.
A source says $125 million in competitive school grants in #NYSBudget. Cuomo had sought $250, assembly wanted only $50
Up 30 hours straight.
“: #IfIwasPresident The penalty for driving slow in the fast lane...Death. Texting during a film..Death. have my vote bro!
Stop messing wit my head u do this evryday <U+E023>
Absolutely! RT : Food = easiest way to someone's heart! haha
hahaha real talk !
Welcome to the family!!! #UC2016 RT : just confirmed my admission!!! I'm coming to UC in august!!!!!! :D
How is UCR data useful?
Finna go act a fool wit ...lmao
The GRAND prize for the student that walked at least 2 laps and collected the most money WINS the I-Pad! Good Luck!
Y'all know hard workin criminalz
Oh man, the horror!!!
wishing U the BEST in Miami :) Go get~em :)
At chuky cheese this never gets old
Serving people grandly, graciously, and spiritually is a work of art. - J. T. Pugh in For Preachers Only
Watching Boy Meets World in class
I 100% feel you
good luck!
call me !!
Lots of lost looking high schoolers wandering around downtown...must be WIAA tournament time
SPECIAL SCREENING SERIES at AIRC in Huntington Park, CA JUNE 12TH 2010 This screening series examines water and our relationship with it.
Traped in the closet by rkelly never gets old lmaao
Hey Steve, thanks for the follow. We appreciate it. Looks like you're doing some cool stuff as well.
Finally broke down and bought a #Bunn - I heart coffee!
Gee these old guys came to play. #GoGreen or
Are you in Private Real Estate? Send me a message..! I can help..!
Access to capital -- attend the Where's the Money? Workshop April 16 at the Hazard Doubletree. See .
great idea, cause its a tune worth saving “: "Gonna eat waffles" sung to tune of "I'm a girl-watcher" a vast lyrical improvement.”
Starting to think I'm done..
Congrats to ! The Bengals are a lucky team. Great
There's nothing quite as fun as watching a cat stretch, grab air, and fall off the couch.
Boxing great Joe Frazier dies at 67 of cancer. We just lost one of the greats! In a class shared by only a few....
Go ray go!
shower time.(;
stopped in at <U+5C45><U+9152><U+5C4B><U+6B63> for a late-night snack and thought to himself that if he had to have dinner there every night, life would be just fine.
I've had it since the beginning Unfortuantely Hahahah
Wow this new & video is comin out crazy coming soon so stay tuned
aww I call ur ass to see if u wnt to go to da zoo
Why do I love you ? You don't even care ..
Hey Rated N. No, I didn't watch it. I read about it.
A productive day ahead. :D
when next year? If next year hell know im not stupid rose and deng are out till at least january of next yr lol
I was writing stand up comedy in my head all night. Talk about a nightmare. Pretty sure it's 's fault.
Going to the gym now. BBL. :)
I will say of the Lord. He is my refuge and my fortress: In Him will I trust."
Cp3 About to break Tony Parker All Game
Big things are happening...
Another ace-like performance. It's cool, Yo, St. Louis? San Diego? I can't tell their offenses apart, either.
doesn't sound like it is related to a criminal case?
That shit better change when I move back.... I'm feeling a camping trip in the near future
RT : When Winston Churchill was asked to cut arts funding in support of the war effort, he asked 'then what are we fighting for?'
Yo GOD! Tell the damn teachers to stop giving homework
You & Stephen got this natural chemistry. Maybe a co-host for BBAP??
Ha. All us Jews have them. Or so I hear.
Lol my hairdresser went to sycamore lol but she extra ghetto
im shitting on yo whole life
Love yogurt? Want to watch a great show? Come enjoy both at our Saturday show, amazing dance performances and yogurt!
like dealing with your insurance online? try our new chat feature and gets questions answered without entering your personal information
#BigRed Red Bryant now with as many career interceptions as Kelly Jennings (2006 1st Rd. Pick)
Catching Facebook - #Google+ likely to have 400-million users by end of 2012.
I am down for sitting down
Congrats to the blues!
All I want is u
I swear I had separation anxiety from him! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Thanks! “: Almost a year since I visited NYC. I have many reasons for wanting to go back, but is number 1.”
Ah. I got Lagunitas and 3 Floyds confused for a moment. My bad!
Intelligent... Duh
thank you!
I think we all have realized this. Thanks dude.
Time to learn some more about bookselling techie tools Edelweiss
Uh oh!
Good photo *__*
One of the better papers a thoroughly-reasoned analysis of each of the voices in the Backstreet Boys, and their individual appeal.
And randomly, we are 1 person away from our 100th like on Facebook! I'm fairly happy with that!
Back In Time - Pitbull . That's the song you were telling me about yesterday? With the guitar thingy?
yes. Im fishing with :)
That's a good start to a home library.
still a ton of stuff to move over to the new laptop… you know, basic stuff like email and files.
Almost game time! Cards fans click like and wish our boys well!
#Yaay... lunch deal it is!! Is beach in the plans??
Bounce that ass, it's the roundest.
The Playoffs already lacked superstars and now Rose is gone... :( some of the most horrible match ups in a very long time imo
Hey, no worries. Part of my interest is in privilege & the legacy of National Lampoon, which has some connection.
Kids is irrating me
The duets back then >>>> #Omg Ashanti, Ja Rule, Jennifer Lopez, etc. all of them were perfect.
Running a little late because crazy people on the road do dumb things
All extra credit this quarter, in it's glorious, beautiful splendor will not be wasted!
America we need to get our act together~
Go HARD in game 7!! .. Much love but i don't wanna see you guys back home till game 3 against the Spurs
people who wanted to be rich lol <U+E12F><U+E12F><U+E12F><U+E12F><U+E12F>
I switched my flight back to SF to Monday morning so I can attend your rap party on Sunday in SD
Positive thinking is the key to all success! Working out.
Happy Birthday! Have fun! xoxo
I AM NOW “: what r u up to? smile.”
I like this song that I'm listening to mirror by ft.
it was about time too
I didn't get to grab ,,,Ray Park, Deep Roy&Eddie Furlong's autographs but I did get all the artists!
no kids for me... Yet.... Lol but I plan on doing that too AND bringing them with me to practice while I coach lol
Is your life a picture book of how you want to be remembered? Are your actions in line with who you want to be?.. Each snapshot counts
hi it's erika from following you here so keep me posted on events in the MIA. thnks!
Welcomes our new intern - Zach.
Thanks for the shoutout today about our pink promo with the Sports Hub!
If your single n u know clap yur hands
eek i'll text you bout it
I've gotten two "happy valentine's day" tweets but I am waiting for that one person's &lt;3
Bella I love you. you are such a great soul and a awesome actress.Love ya<3
thanks for the follow. Let me know how I can build a relationship with you. Here's what I do: putitinprint.com.
Brunswick Stew
Yeah… us too.
haha well I know I promised you a lot of things and I will but when I finish my Director career :P lol I'll get you it :)
Doctors Dave saw for crushed leg sound more like farm animal vetrenarians. Connie drops hints about potential necrosis, second opinions.
RT : 380:Music legend Gram Parsons was born in Winter Haven, Florida in 1946.
RT : John Boehner said half the people who get hit by millionaire's tax are small businesses. Truth-O-Meter says False....
Commerce Clause decisions have paved way for massive GOVT intrusion almost from start. Wherever products go, Uncle Sam takes charge. BOGUS
Miami Tomorrow? Yea I'll be there
I saw your mom on a dubstep commercial last night.
I'm not sure what brought on your tearful tribute to the plight of Geordi, and I don't care. All I know is that I'm weeping.
All of it :D RT : RT this if you watched the Season Finale of FRINGE last night and tweet us your favorite moments!
Blessings can come in a number of ways. The Lord doesn't give you what you want, the Lord gives you what you need.—Eric Davis
Cool! What's in your kit?
Jeff Katzenberg: the problem in my industry is that there's too much emphasis on marketability and not playability.
bahaha! I was just thinking the same thing!!
yea kuz u got jesus bday then my wife to be then me then your bday.
Im Allergic To Bullshit , Lies , Drama & Being Broke .
awww Tyler you have a good life, and your a good person don't go against your self!:(
Glad to see #UFC cross-promoting with #NBA. Smart fight week promo! Helps to extend traditional reach, target black community.
Grain: mashing! -- with shockingly little drama.
If you only owned a mirror. A mirror that could show you what you are on the inside.
We are open for dinner tonight 5pm-7pm for the events in the Arena!
Yw or you're welcome! Have a great day!
RT : Manning to Broncos...more coming on Espn
RT : [Reframe] Don’t think of it as casual sex. Think of it as… you’re helping your friend have an orgasm.
Me, too, darling. But in that dress? DOABLE!! (says the staunchly heterosexual person)
talking about a show
Nice chat with Ursula tonight. #feelsomuchbetter! Looking forward to the next few days...
RT Happy Birthday S/O to gonna have to do something crazy during the 5 or 10 tonight for him
The baseball team is so presh. Love you guys!
I do not understand when people order a small #coffee. My mind cannot comprehend the point of it.
“: ha cool, you're both fucking faggots. Go make some more horrible music.” LOLOLOL
So what's the answer? Ha ha!
alright! We so got this!
PLEASE start a serious campaign 2 end speed and traffic cameras. They don't increase traffic safety: They only raise revenue.
Had my last final today. Starting my summer off with three nights of concerts. HOLLS
Well said!
. Congrats handsome!!! You are WI's MVP 24-7, nice to know everyone else thinks so too ;-) #Wasthereanydoubt?
we are total noobs! it's a new magical land of awesome.
Ashamed to even share the same last name as this chump from Dook.
Hi sorry to hear that. Let us know if we can be of any help.
We're all just a bunch of ladies with good taste ;)
bruh fuck that team shit im doin me an yall can slowly watch yourself get played by a real boss
Dan Boeckner has the coolest voice ever.
can't wait for bball at st. agnes this summer w a few kids n a few more
motivation is the key to success mixtape release party don't miss it Its going down
I DON'T LIKE OPERA BUT THIS IS GOOD!
Trinity's John Fahy is the 2012 KY winner of the National Wrestling Hall of Fame and Museum’s Dave Schultz High School Excellence Award.
No regrets.
Antique to Abt-ique: The Search for the Nations Most Prized Antique Electronics and Appliances
It is
#RIPSteveJobs - I offer my condolences for #SteveJobs who generated an enlightenment with innovative inventions.
no way!
Heyy sweetie-hope all is well with you!
tough enough to run for prez, or just to critisize and critique from afar.
*Stretches* Should've known it wouldn't be that easy as I wished she would make it Well, Lord show me my armor, we've got a fight to win <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
having sex inside the car triggers me...
Didn't hit the jackpot. But I did make some money tho and got pretty good at Roulette
Gorgeous #Fall day here in
I've got an hour to kill unexpectedly and don't want to go back home. What do people do at 8:30 AM?
Much respect
Eleven are killed and more than 160 wounded in Cairo protests against army rule - Daily Mail
awesome, lets do it!
#Brewers not on TV. Good way to ruin a day.
Max in bad mood this morning. We are at level orange people. :::crossing fingers::::
When guys whistle at you and call you mamasita
These storms are crazy, time to get in a bed with the fan on :) bur
Thanks! <3 #2000late RT : Thanks to my Microsoft Paint skills, now has a new & improved profile picture & wallpaper!
This always happens to me when i at a friends house. Me:" Omg I <3 this song so much!"My Friends:"How is this good?"Me:"It gets better!"
i thought i'd never see that picture again!
Why would I pretend not to know such a thing?
who is your boy Oscar gonna pick today to win the game?
I CAN DO IT LIKE A BROTHAAA, DO IT LIKE A DUDE, GRAB MY CROTCH, WEAR MY HAT LOW LIKE YOU.
Happy Birthday to new Kastle , who celebrated with a qualifying win over No. 5 seed Kateryna Bondarenko at the !
I get twatched,
Can't wait until I don't have to hide behind this smile.
Gotta get up early tomorrow to see daddy and my grandparents
Really excited to fly to #Virginia this weekend. Need some sister/spa time!
Maurice #Sendak, author of 'Where The Wild Things Are,' has died at 83
I miss u guys! Come visit :)
hey u can write fo me lol
I feel so awkward .___.
#YouKnowShesTheOne when ur dumb enough to tie the knot
It's not 3am but you rocked my world! Looking forward to feeding this friendship!
Ass whopin on the job
Remember when...I almost loved you<3
This Survivor season was far to predictable and a bit of a drag. Hopefully next season will be more exciting.
RT Life was so different when Apple and BlackBerry were just fruits!
Don't forget to stop in tonight for one of our 25 featured flavors!
Fireworks, beer, bud, n sushi. Today will rule.
actually lives in NYC and reportedly is a Master Hostess. Make it happen!
Don't forget to wear GREEN today!!
Raven Symone came out of the closet ?!?Wow, who would've guessed?
will do.
thanks! It's rainy in Miami. Boo. :(
:::Attention::::attention:::ATTENTION:::Party @ #NOTTE w/ ,, & YOU #CollegeAPPRECIATION <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Thanks for the RT Jim. Argh, I owe Jenny a phone call (hoping for tonite).
moving in new room with
Happy Hump Day to my Favorite QB. Enjoy
A person who died in sex .... RIP means raped in peace
Study: Pollution 'Hid' Climate Warming - Sci-Tech Today
I've an unfashionable aversion to Mongo because I don't get its design. Riak seems easier to reason about, though it lacks conveniences.
Hope you all had an awesome weekend of enjoyment because without you there is no us we love you
Thinking hard..
May 20th, A Servant in the House of Many Gods by Maryam Abdul-Qawiyy, debut at , 7pm!
this interview w/ ted danson on oceans is so inspiring! www.oceana.org
Whether you know it or not.
RT : "I hate school."
We are all traveling at the speed of light spatially and time wise sez #BrianGreene. So why does the laundry take forever?
My dog is more fond of our compost pile than Purina Puppy Chow. Hm ...
How different is your version from Liz Einbinders? Went on hers and loved but don't remember Lusty Lady.
We have gone up two more places! Yay!! Every little bit counts!!
Caught in the rain with my coogi on. Coconut shrimping gimlet sipping. where u at yoga man
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Malik McKinney °Rising 7th °Bowie, MD °Travel Team: Bowie Magic °Point Guard 5’1
No Prob! You guys were swamped! Email me your resume scherry [at] mindgrub
Woman next to me quietly sobbing
small city , big dreams ;
CAU elections are here!!! Speeches and debates start today at 6 pm in T. Cole auditorium!!! Come support!!!
Life's a gamble. Hit my joint and roll tha dice
I try to keep up with twitter as much as i can. I realized i only know half of the people on my list.......or maybe less than half lol
Anyone else hope the Man in the Yellow Hat doesn't move in next door? That stupid monkey is into EVERYTHING.
please follow me i had to make a new twitter :)
bad idea battery will get swollen and you will have to leave it alone for like 2 days straight Bc it will b over charged
FOLLOW BACK
he retired
Loving this chilly weather! I get to bust out my grandmother, GaGa's vintage furs! Sorry PETA!
I dropped out of highschool in the month of April ... Ahaha
SOMEBODY SHOUT ME OUT.... BOREDOM
oh hey WAZZUP?!
ah me too!!! Sounds so fun! Stupid may term. Haha
Hey Patrick, any chance we can get a coach or player to do a phoner for Channel 27's Wake Up Wisconsin?
Congratulations to !! For getting Dance Captain!! IK you would do it! Love you girl!! :D #KillIt next year!
fantastic! I will ignore it. :)
What I'm reading: "Broadband for public libraries: Importance, issues..." Govt Info Quarterly 27 (2010) 280-291. Thanks !
That's exactly what I get out of it. Good assessment makes you plan a course backwards, compared to how you did it before.
Glad you enjoyed it! Come next year too!
On cold days like today, I pretend that I'm a dragon lol
For the love, wisdom, and life.
Need assistance sticking to your resolution. Contact us at www.teamvic.com and we will help to keep you on track!
no doubt
oh no!
it's not my fault the iphone autocorrects :(
Awesome :D
WOW! This iOS 5 software update is the Business! U may be gone but your work & vision shall live on! STEVE, great JOB. :-)
Daammmnn, you're on a role tonight, aren't you?(;
You see lady who doesn't want to check her bag, I already checked my bag, I'm 6'4", and this space under the seat in front is for my feet.
Home. For B-day
i need a tan , like so baad . D:
LOL, Good 2 see you last nite, dont let it be your last...
Where do you recommend the best place to get The Pale Pacific's collection of albums? Thanks!
JayZ and Mayor Nutter on the Art Museum steps tomorrow morning to announce Made in America festival over Labor Day weekend!
When all the money, material possessions, and friends disappear all you will be left with is your reputation.
Ha! Was hoping that you would see that tweet. :)
This Saturday At Club Zona Latina PT 2 of the New Pop Single (Tonight) Everyone Is Welcome Come Show Me Love !!!!!!!
If u DM me then tht jut proves tht u don't have the balls to say it in front of everyone! Maybe grow some balls and say it out loud already
omg we definitely should!! haha stupid sun!
Actually very sad to say goodbye to Lamar and Pau
He's still our #2. Until Andy comes back. Who do you think Girardi would like Pettitte to follow in the rotation?
The secretary reading Nietzsche in The Birdcage
The #Aztecs make a nice run before half but still trail the Broncos 30-32.
First morning jog in a long time. Feels great, but staying consistent will be the challenge. Any other Logan / Dupont / Shaw AM joggers?
“Good fiction is made of what is real, and reality is difficult to come by.” ~ Ralph Ellison
Talking about college with mommy.
Can't. Stop. Sneezing.
I miss talking to you (:
i love sundays, especially starting them off with
love you to<3
I'm up! Time 4 my daily fix..#$tarbucks
just kicking it.. You coming to USC vs Clemson?
My twitter game is disgusting
Kitty Pride...really? COME. ON.
Building a community takes patience and endurance....#occupybaltimore is still here!
#IsItMyFault i fell for you?? no, u tripped me!
it like a 5 pt game in the 4th with about 4mn left
thanks for the #FollowFriday! :-)
I want more thanksgiving food
Need a code because gears is the only game i play
You can get a recycled yellow bike for $10. How badly do you want to pedal past the suckers in the bus stuck in traffic?
Got it-send it to your phone. Moses missed you too-you need to come back to your "time share" down here! Xoxo
the USA version is more eye catching but the UK is grim and gritty. Choices choices.
Mumbling is just another word for people who try to say I love you
This is all about to go down! Similar feelings to before running out in the Murray league under 17s grand final for the Cobram Tigers.
Thank you. You must be so proud. You should follow if you dont already. Have a great weekend.
I hope that you've been spinning The Whole Love all day, because this is going to be ah-maze-ing Dec 9 can't come fast enough
How good does a female athlete have to be before we just call her an athlete? -Unknown
Next Meeting: March 28 at Lot 117 "Video and Photos in Social Media" - Keep your eyes peeled for my info
oh i forgot the subsection - "except when idiots make 2 fake ian accts"
What TV show would you MOST want to be on?
If u r not watching i.am.first on abc right now, u should b! #sciencerocks #STEM this is what #scied needed
im always carrying a poptart with me
RT : You got to know when to hold 'em. know when to fold 'em. True for business opportunities too.
We are heading back to high school today. Fittingly, met in high school and we are joining the BMYA's class today!
I've seen Meloetta, though I assume they'll(Nintendo) hold off on releasing her until her movie comes out.
": Single, taken, in a relationship; are all just terms. Your status is measured by your actions." Luv this guy RT this NOW!
I am always left home alone.
Lol just passed by.
We've been hanging up the bunting and planning so many great things for you, Denver! Stay tuned for the goods on CRAFTIN' CARNIVAL!
do I get to be there too? I'm your wife..
I don't know, how much of a fan are you?
they actually have 3 bye weeks.. They play the Vikings twice!
They Taking Too Long /:
It's WANTED WENSEDAY
that's what i was waiting for - Eastwood for Pres!!!
I'd teach a man to fish but that is very time consuming. I'd rather buy him a Big Mac.
My first book just came out and I'm trying to spread the word. It'd be awesome if you'd check it out.
Thanks so much for your support!!!
Ayyeeee BOOSIE WAS FOUND NOT GUILTY! HE COMING OUT IN THE END! Me and Jeezy about to make it rain tonight!
CONGRATZ... ON DA REALZ GURL U HAVE NO IDEA HOW I WISH I WAS IN UR SHOES...
10, 9, 8, 7...Don't let cash and product prizes and excellent press pass you by...submit your film to Our City Film Fest by wi 10 days!
#CO Symphony got two standing O's, well deserved for Fantasia on a theme by Thomas Tallis for strings. Beautiful.
Enough is enough
Good luck to against Terre Haute tomorrow, and on the ACT in the morning.
to quote the great Peter Venkman..."I feel so funky."
And , won't you miss me? xoxo
thx for the shout-out! Always great to connect w other "Jumbopreneurs"
Love it! chastises R candidates for tactics antithetical to all our "Land of Opportunity" stands for
We had some issues on the site today and yesterday. It's been taking care of. Sorry if there was any inconvenience. =]
Hey pplz:D
You know what they say in hollywood, "tough actin, tinactin!" Lol thank you for that
You deserve to be with someone who makes you happy. Someone who doesn't complicate your life. Someone who won't hurt you.
I never discuss politics openly. But I am very disturb at how members of Congress continue to disrespect the 1st Lady.
Ok my 1 year old kids just got a Levenger catalog in the mail, _addressed to them_. $Insert something_about_scarily_omniscient_marketing
cold clearing up, family coming to visit for the afternoon. turning in to a good day.
Every moment you get is a gift- Spend it on things that matter- InSpotter mobile app
sup bro! Whats the word? I need ur new num
Up for consideration is the Veterans and Human Services Levy.
: RT : Walk by faith, not by sight. We will always be on the right path walking by faith.
RT : you know it's #NBAPlayoffs when is tweeting and #rigging furiously again
Romney's father/grandfather may have Been illegals
Dreamin of the day when organic food is the norm!
I beat u! I sneeze 10 times in a row,every time I sneeze!!! :))
I love the PSSA schedule<3
Writing my "Act of Valor" review and picturing the local SEALs picking up the paper and reading it. Pressure much?
I'll nap for 8 hours then. Then we'll have some fun. :)
"I'm canceling my car insurance." "Ok!" "You owe us monies!" "I canceled, remember?" "You haven't paid, so we canceled your account!" "..."
Hello Gentlemen....glad to you have you on board!
doing a little of this, and a little of that. Working for a friend, doing some marketing overhaul at one of his businesses.
Thanks for the quick response! Some boards and threads are up already.
ugh waiting is the hardest part
incredibly tempting!!!
shows u how bad the center position is in the nba.
You can't understand someones pain unless you felt there struggle
This game is stressing me out.
I know right! I was like loooool wtf. :]
Are you sticking to the weekly plan, or are you doing more than 3 workouts a week?
i just saw one of there commercials....
so you are due in 2 weeks? congratulations!
Logic is the anatomy of thought...John Locke
To Do List? Yeah, haven't done that. BUT I'm back on the horse w/ #TheMovieLovers blog. Cross your fingers, tweeps.
S/o to the ethnic ppl behind me trying to realy sing this national anthem lol
Let's pretend you weight 180 pounds and you also walk or run at 5 miles-per-hour for 2
Tattoos in the right places >
5 hours until #foofighters. Who else is going?
Boys Fighting For The Ball! Funny moment caught
when you messaged me on facebook...thinking I was chloe...saying that I was a cutie....your watching a couple movie...
Y r guys complicated and guys don't pick fights wit ur gf
So bummed that judo is canceled again!
Omg! The guy I love asked me out today!!! <3
I am having an awesome day today, thanks.
Yes of course
Quality trumps gimmicks every time.
“: Ladies, if you don't know how to dance. Just draw your name in the air with your butt. Problem solved”
Holy shit. Jan 25th. I am already close to my boiling point with the amount of tv political ads already running.
hey : no more surveys, etc. JUST FIX PARKING.
Shoutout To Those Now Supporting Good Music !!!!
Good Morning!!!
Watching Pearl Harbor: 24 Hours After on the History Channel.
"it was like a big fat snake staring me in the face...." OMG.... I can't.
Today we r setting the spirit lye pipe and the condenser...
Let's be honest, we all sing at the top of our lungs when Fun - We Are Young comes on
Quest1: do u use a shared outlook calendar? Quest2: do ur teachers post test/project due dates online?
By the way, I'm living at #Mario's today. Breakfast with #WHAM13, then lunch with for the Digital Peep Show! Glad it's good food
that's cool. Who did you plagiarize it from? <U+E409>
#Tupac sure was fine. And that #coachella shit was pretty cool but not gonna lie kinda freaky too.
The houses she's being shown are freaking ridiculous. I mean, this one has a pic of JFK standing in its dining room.
Your students are lucky to have you as their teacher - hope you have a great
I am having a follow Tuesday. I am so excited about following all of you people!
For #Kindle authors, I highly recommend looking into sponsorships on on Kindle Nation Daily. My ranking certainly shot up, least 4 a while!
David Crowder Band – Give Us Rest or (A Requiem Mass In C [The Happiest of All Keys] --- Most. Awesome. Album. Ever.
From my book, Milliganism, Motivational quotations and How Comes:Don't try to save others from drowning, until you learn to swin yourself.
NYC is the easy choice for institutional and foreign investors who were burned investing in secondary and tertiary markets in the last cycle
I have so much respect for He always stands up for what he believes in.
so scary! And sad - article said they had to put 500 down last year because they had no fear of humans
he stopped liking beautiful souls of girls lol
Berggren sinks another 3 for the #Badgers. Goinf to be hard for the #Spartans to catch up with UW keeps this up
Thanks for the update.
Your tea cup gadget is amazing. Please tell me it's real.
The ignorant and the wise are both engaged in action. But their mental attitudes towards action differ greatly.
Thank you to the Capitol Weather Gang () for their #SOTG2011 forecasts each week!
If I know someone's fishing for compliments or trying to get attention, I absolutely refuse to give it to them.
Back at ya! RT : A very Happy Birthday to !!!
the third line! If you don't get secondary scoring, you don't advance...and good goaltending, and good defense, and...
Kim-chi!
The opposite of love is not hate, its indifference
sounds romantic
- Dude! I've had one in each wrist for 10+ years. Crazy!
33% of the world are christians
This is an intense, hard-hitting game. Gotta love playoff hockey. Let's hope #Caps can break through in the 3rd
I think I just stepped in some Nickelback.
So who all is coming to #health2con in Boston? I'm trying to put together a twitter attendance list!
Barman Owner named it for the Bison Grass spirit Zubrowka (only place in town with it). btw thx teacher
Please follow me.
Happy #Starwars and #Avengers day. May the 4th be with you as you battle for a good seat in the theater for The Avengers.
RT : Good luck to all the Boston Marathon runners!!
Checked out Pgh City of Rhythm at City-County Building yesterday. Needed more #TeenieHarris after the show. Still
This train needs to move
thanks yinz guys for the follow!
ugh so hungry and waiting for stupid spanish class SUCKS!! >:o
Couples who make out right in the middle of the hallway..
"The world can give you only what you gave it. For being nothing but your own projection it has no meaning apart from what you found in it."
Callin out niggas like the umpire.
“: Every woman deserves a man that can make her heart forget that it was ever broken.” love this!! Agreed!!!
Thanks sweetie! Also, I just wanted to say: I thought asking him was ADORABLE. Screw the haters. :)
Yes, an iPad with a Retina display IS every bit as good as I imagined it would be. Glad I waited to replace my original.
Sat in a preproduction Tesla Model S today. Want! (After you, Messrs Clooney, Schwarzenegger.) I Kept trying iOS screen gestures though :-/
Its impossible to comment/contact on the fvalumni blog & it's RIDICULOUSLY frustrating. Have some photos of FV to share but 4getit
I think just made my life! If she answers the phone <U+E40D>
RT Essentials of Novel #muse2012 Give your character a distinct smell. Smell is often neglected in descriptions.
Great question! Our visitors should revise our practices for mobile
has this insane and ridiculously amazing music video for #IToldYouSo on MTV right now..
nasty mofo movie
it's okay! Thanks ! :) hope yours was a great one!
my school had facebook blocked...
its fun
Supporting clients in Honolulu, Des Moines, and Plano for starters today.
CONGRATULATIONS! Knock'em Dead!
You can forward any #DMV #TFP requests our way.
Beyonce doing the alanis cover on her live album is so sick and perfect.
My dad keeps saying alarming things while looking at the radar. I'm going to throw up.
As a dog returns to his own vomit, So a fool repeats his folly. Proverbs 26:11
oh plzzzz! Don't be so hard on ur self
Happy happy birthday to !
Emily loves getting her shoes taken away <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
The crazy thing about it I been knew I had it
Yes, I can email it to you...I know of Mark Weiss!!! Wow! He took amazing photos of Van Halen, Ozzy etc! Rock on!!!
Sorry, I owe you a beer.
Happy Friday #Kizombalovers :)
A person can either drive himself or be driven; motivation makes the difference.
Haha hiding the doorbell thing in your pocket and repeatedly pushing it and annoying everyone! >>>
“: I dont care what anyone sayss I like boys who can dance.”<U+E412>
In a lifetime, an average human produces 10,000 gallons of saliva
Good work neighbors!
Vantage Point looks good, but I prefer swords, weird guns, etc. I like my assassins to be as impractical as possible.
My sunburns are so bad that even getting goosbumps hurts like a bitch
Submitting my own AASL/ALA presentation proposal for 2013. I have never done one on my own. See what happens!
Yes! well put.
I'm glad to hear that. I hope it continues for you!!!
I meant insanely "busy" lol! Does that give you a clue? :-)
They was wrong when they said there's nothin new under the sun because everything has not been done
Yeah but now I'm pretty meh about it.
It's freakin stormin here!! I hate!!!
You wouldn't invite friends over to a messy house so why would you invite potential buyers. Before going to market - DECLUTTER!
Good morning world
We were in the Industrial Age, then the Information Age. Perhaps now we are in the Inspiration Age
can you go on tour... and come to Houston please?! That would literally make my life :)
Video Chatting with Denise Donovan tomorrow. Tweet us questions with the hashtag #cpcquestion :D
oh okay cool! You still doing football?
WOW!!!!! U just blew tonight out of the water! would be proud!
sounds good! let's just say yes. ditto for peppermint patties.
Patience is a virtue... Keep your Head up and P.U.S.H.
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1685 composer Johann Sebastian Bach was born.
but u can get to kno me
I only unfollow ppl when they unfollow me first
You don't love a woman because she's beautiful, She is beautiful because you love her.
Having a baby sleep in your arms is one of the best feelings ever<3
WHO TURNED OFF THE HEAT
Have a baby by me baby be a millionaire.
Chamblin's is so amazing.
Again, I just think your standards for success are much higher than mine. Hard to square that.
Getting my shit together.
"Mario always found a way"
it was great meeting you!!
Looks like I'll be canceling my order, since cust service can't/won't help me. They'd rather lose my order to gain $20 in shipping.
don't forget the pepper spray and nunchucks! But maybe if you play the...cello..well enough you won't have to worry! Godspeed. X
Wish I live in Cali.!!!! Could've not gone to school and met ! Lucky Californians ....
Going to see her tonight m...
Thanks for participating! RT : Thank you for making us part of the #musesocial event. The spirit of sharing...
:.(....U can always visit
I wonder if Ceelo Green can do a kart wheel?
I have too much on my mind for on week :/
I like both interpretations anyway. I have a black sense of humor. Thanks for the well-wishes. I know you love tough old dogs too.
Home sweet home :)
bro text me its important
okay, you seriously made my night! Happy New Years Eve to you too! :D
remember the time you drove all night, just to meet me in the morning?
Seriously, if u r going to stalk me, can't u @ least make it a little more mysterious & make ur phone # private? Like I don't know who u r.
I havent started any of my homework yet and now im going to dance.
Woo hoo!!! Cosmic bingo is happening real soon!!!!! Totally excited!!!!!!!!
Everyone here is very nice so far! I can see why students like this place.
so hilarious
Most competitive bump playa - skilled on the other hand, well
Just caught a screening of "Page One: Inside The New York Times." Cool event at the Newseum, good movie, and David Carr is my new hero.
There's no set agenda to tonight's Green Drinks #GSO. Just lots of socializing and green chat. Hope you'll join us!
Also, big thanks to our #Nicktastic assistants, and Morgan.
Why am I still up???
that is so much more kosher than I was expecting...
Clean language= clean mind
thank you very much
yup! I'm in south philly...you?
Thank you so much! =)
PS check out on instagram for graduation photo ideas. Username "advising."
Every time a business Twitters about how much fun it is at one of their promotional events, Gandhi gets drug into hell for ten minutes.
ARE YOU GUYS AWARE OF 's sales right now for #PutItDown? So what y'all gon do to push this to number1 international
If someone would like to come hang out with me tomorrow morning while I get ready, that'd be great. Lol
Kanye, you're going to be my new BFF. See you tonight with Jay-Z at MSG and tom at the VSecret runway show with Nicki Minaj.
Awesome. Thanks for the help! I knew a alumus could help me out! ;)
We may no longer speak, but I have to say, had I not met you, I may have not found one of my callings. Thanks 4 that.
NICE! Beast...
30 minutes to blues show at Universal
- Thanks, Rebecca! Great to see you at SMA 2012!!
We can have more than we've got because we can become more than we are. Jim Rohn
I wish The CW would have picked up Shelter.
Nature is God's greatest evangelist.
god i wanna go home already
I'm so bored with people telling me how to do the future of libraries. GOT MY OWN THING NOW, thank you very much.
HOPE YOU FOLLOW...
*quietly removes Dialog from resume* (what? my prof assured us it demonstrated some kind of skill or another.)
How is everything in Milwaukee?
i just saw that yesterday! its amazing!!
so is the python in my pants ;)
Belk charity sale tomorrow 5/2. Donate $5, earn 20-50% off purchases (no cosmetics/fragrance). Also enter to win $1000 shopping spree.
thanks so much...i'm a member so I'll keep a look out!
love that place...enjoy!
Mondays are for Top Gear. :)
the Hulk catching [spoiler] shot? Which turned out to be at the end?
Gotta win two at home
uv grown so much and I'm so happy that I stayed a #Belieber the entire time . I'm so proud of u <3 :)
Just a heads up: I want 2 kids a boy and a girl, and they HAVE to be 2 years apart.
Remember, I picked OKC in 5. But I've been proven wrong before, like I was in game 7 when I thought Denver would win
Bobbi Barrett. That's the only girl for me.
Indeed! , I think you will find being an alum to be possibly even cooler than being a student!
HR 2366, Rep. Barton's Online #Poker Act, raises $$$ w/o raising taxes. PLZ support on #deficit cmte. THX!
never found another tv show that consumed my world like the #xfiles. Maybe I'm just getting old. :)
- you are to much!!! ahahaha!
Drowning my misery in ice cream.
I have been giggling for oh, 8 hours now... Its starting to hurt.
i dont follow you because i like you jsyk, dumbshit. MT : My twitter is now reaching more people than the NYT--not bad
a famous person is following me.!! (: haha thank u !
Not that it took my this long to realize oomf meant 'one of my followers'. I thought it was just, a signal word...
grilled by #economicsummit students today, said teachers getting $2000 raise. Really. Neglected fact it's beginning teachers only
#everydayithinkabout why I didn't do this a long time ago!
All this mommy stuff i do, Mommy needs some mommy time to herself, sorry kiddos! I hav a date this weekend! #groovebacktweet haha
thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I need it to be summer
thank you
I like to call those #whitepeopleproblems ;) Hope all is well Chew
At 7:40pm find out who has the mic next!
I don't know who I love more, or Larry Sanders.
I feel like going to disneyland
Women so lonely now, they tryna breast feed they kids til they 9yrs old just to feel somebody suck on they titties! -_-
Best of luck on your continued tour.
black&tan
I aint dumb!
This will be good!! RT : Are you going to ? check out my Designing Mobile Apps for Behaviour Change workshop
i wanna date him
It would be great if you wrote about the event - feel free to ask us any questions you might have! :)
Ask: what will you do differently once I give you that data? Educate or stop.
WIthout TV, I would have no idea who Mel Tormé is.
Also started "The Other Daughter"....very intriguing so far!
North Korea has their own Johnny Mountain?!?!
Either the rest of the league got really good really fast, or the Red Sox suck. Now 4-4 in 7th.
RT : All these videogames rated "mature" do not seem very.
My #Metro train is being held because of an "unauthorized" person on the track.
apologies for the delayed response! yes we do sell packager separately. did you have any other questions about it?
There are times when two people need to step apart from one another or break up, but there is no rule that says they have to turn and fire
We recently a tweeted about our new social "Friends Mode" feature for CandySwipe being a #gamechanger Now its a promoted trend!
I will never fall in love again. :-(
you are welcome
Predictions?! Well I know we bouta save some lives! Haha, Can't wait to see what happens @ end of season tho
yup getting married on the 18th in Destin. We leave on Monday :)
One does not simply pronounce it "Lew-is" <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Good Morning Everyone!
The cheese is outta the fridge right now, whats going on
to see you and be with you ! :)
Just read about a dentist whose ex bf came in for toothache. She gave him anaesthesia & removed all of teeth. That's pretty sick Chubbs.
ok. Be well
yup, got my first bite last wednesday
We all know why! Hainji! :)
IOM says Sudanese deal struck over resettlement
HELP! Trying to come up with something special for Max to do when he hits 21 next month - doesn't drink or gamble - so . . . ???
Good morning world make sure to check out www.platinumposts.com
like clockwork for the nuggets.
welcome to my world
yayayayyaya. you dont know anything about me
Why do the spokespeople in Kashi cereal commercials always come across slightly ....special?
King of being the 2nd best on the heat .Game throwing fucking rich ass loser,you need big names to save you
I'm so GLAD it's Friday! Been one hell of a week, and I need to get Drunk!
I thought I was rachet though!
that's gross.
Ohh shut up Shawana.! If nobody wanna speak back to you then ALL WELL.!..........But GoodMorning.! :-)
Lets go #Brewers get it!
excited the are headed to the should be a great show!
happy St.Patrick's day!! There's going be a big parade in Boston :D follow me?
OMG - I <3 that movie!
Shawty sent wit pic, Said come get this... LOL smiley face x2 LOVE THAT SONG!
Good luck!!
How are all of you users out there?
UK baseball's record in their 1st 24 games this season: 23-1. UK baseball's record in their last 24 games: 14-10.
Dad put on our flee & tick medication on & now we not only can't sleep in bed tonight!! Now Our hair looks very silly & smell yummy :-(
And got in free :) love when my connects go through!!
#wsop28 $1500 NL about to start, I'm at table 133! Table full of fishies so far :)
Agreed. I have to admit these things looked tempting recently, despite my better judgment. No more-too good to be true always is.
True, true.
Happy Canada day Graham. May all your maple and poutine dreams come true today!
Remember that failure is an event, not a person. - Zig Ziglar
We love you too! RT : You love that place almost as much as you love
Thought U might like this; #StarSlinger #mention at the bottom
#Pujols leaving St. Louis totally makes up for them winning the World Series. I love to see #Cardinals fans miserable.
The sun smiles on Milwaukee! Come run, walk, stroll the park at lunchtime/
Feeling good is good enoughRT : Is in a good mood.
By a great artist :) needs to be resized. I'll do that now :D RT : that is one fine look twitter avatar
'cause either way we both lyin' more than half of the time, except for when I’m home workin' on your graphic design.
I agree :( Let's change that soon?
Yes! We still want empanadas at Union Station today!
Gotcha. It's a must-have for a Mac, the next update will make the iPhone app the mail app killer tho.
a semicolon is when you just put a little bit on, like half a spray
I picked up The New Teen Titans Omnibus Volume II. Marv was writing up a storm and George was hitting his stride!
Patiently waiting...
is here at AT&T/Howard event to ask you questions- where you at?!
That could be most definitely true...
We weren't talking about singing, we were talking about talking. Why bother, right? We have twitter. haha
To fully appreciate what you have, you must know what life would be like without it
greyhound! grapefruit meringue w/a vodka crust!
See? It's kismet.
Hey Get a life ho... Wanna hang out soon???
Season 6 of scrubs: greatest ever. (yes it's my mmthird time thorough but whatevs! I'm Indian! I was gonna be a surgeon at one point!)
NEED #PROMOTION????/
Working its way to be the best Daytona 500 ever!!
your bio.. *dead* SO. FRIGGEN. TRUE. I'm with you 100% on that one!<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764> (:
Me too...RT : so bummed that you won't be joining us down at the Key West Songwriters Festival!! :-(
#SomeoneIWantToMeet stevie wonder
The difference between this Monday and any other is that this one has me stating kb the library for many hours tonight.
Hello, I'll be joining in the #BA75 chat tonight at 8 PM Central, so there will be 'badass women' tweets ahead!
The emergence of the 49ers in the Manning sweeps is absolutely stomach turning. GOD DAMNIT.
heyy girl, long time no talk !! i miss you :\
I really love SUPERNANNY. Though not quite in the way you love SUPERNANNY.
Money make ya life better so fuck what they say!
seriously or touch their legs and hug
...i'll make it to the moon if i have to crawl... <3
followed back
sounds good.
i got graduation & then my girlfriend's & friend's graduation man. =\ what is the date?
#nwill2011 K is using lots of videos, some of which were created in other units
did you get to take the midterm late because of your....predicament/mental state?
I'm still the dork I was in high school, and that feels pretty good to be honest
that's funny. I am leaving SEA for SJC...
College Football Conference Realignment = Soap Operas, for Men
sent you an email so we can set up a time to talk about your topic. :)
your so cute :) hah
We got Aaron an I-Tunes card--which we purchased perhaps Tuesday or Wednesday. The card was also mailed Wednesday.
City Hearts was founded on the belief that the arts can and do help rehabilitate troubled youth who are plagued by drugs and gangs.
reading your latest post now... it was the Zombies that got my attention. :)
RT : In his first event since May 12th, is even after 9 holes at the Bridgestone Invite. All pars for a 35.
haha yes longer!
It's too hot to sleep with a shirt on.....
good thing that you have me cause thats all you need. <3
I DONT LIKE MY LITTLE BROTHER , he iss fucking possesed with some demon out to get mee
Stony point.
So not my fault.
That was fun. NPR talkback on museums! Great callers and tweeters.
RT Chris Smith: Uneven pixel widths not originally emulated in ZX emulators, bug/feature not understood
beautiful pics, when were they taken?
This weekend was a good preview of things to come for me. Mainly regarding how I felt and the ease of letting loose.
Elton looks pissed at Madonna. At least she kept her faux accent in the bag tonight.
Just confirmed THE will be singing with the T Brewer Trio at Birdland Jazz in Berk on 4/22! hope ur in attendance!
lulz okay actually going to sleep now NANIGHT x
Why? Because beetle feet are incredibly well designed, and might even inspire a new type of adhesive.
on a more serious note, chestal works wonders - you can get it at cvs
Listen! Did you hear her screaming as each man takes turn raping her?
you rap about "What's a goon to a goblin" I believe the correct answer is
Oh the music grind is an interesting one
It's been 22 hours since tweeted and I need him to tweet again. I'm going through withdrawal.
don't let the agent get you down... looking forward to introducing you tomorrow at
Madison Pharmacy Associates | provides free hormone follow-up testing for its patients
ready for the preds game tonight!
Great photos on your site. Exploring #NYC history through pictures.
Bout ta hit this tattoo shop
I wonder if this guy even reads Bleacher Report. He doesn't really seem to have a clue.
me too! *squee*
<3 RT My 100k Tweet is dedicated to my friend who is having breast cancer surgery today. She personifies #RonR!
#e-flux journal 21 explores how artists get used as first wave in gentrification efforts. Bohemian lifestyle anyone?
Let's go #UNCBears!! Morehead St = Motivation! You can do it!!
Do I hear $50? RT do I hear $25 ? *hand up* RT I'd pay $20 to see do the Carlton dance :)
Thanks Sharon. Best, Mark
maybe a little bit! But I think it's fine
keep talking shit Jason lol you know we are gonna have more fun than you
Harrison Ford~ Nothing shocks me. Im a scientist.
no matter what you mine
A little girl is battling cancer for the third time and all she wants is to meet Please help and tweet
Saw a plane carrying a rocket ship today. In the air. Honestly, how the hell can that happen? #Enterprise #physics?
Love the avi!!
it was a special session at the Getty museum...I don't think it was advertised widely at CAA unfortunately. I found out via email.
What happened to the metal slides that could sear your skin in mid-summer? The jungle gyms that could fracture bones and break teeth?
Forgetting to close my blinds at night so my room gets soo full of light when I just wanna sleep in <<<<
I'm starting to confuse tumblr with real life. I was reading an article for homework expecting a meme and couldn't find the punchline.
Black Friday = National Day of Grading for most profs.
Yeah no, you're totally right about the ending; it made me teary. I just wish it could go on forever.
I don't understand people sometimes. Okay, a lot of times. I think they all hate me.
Website Design Company LinkNow Media Surpasses 3,000 Active Clients
Delonte West is a creep
Just got to agree that raccoons make better pets than snakes and that we watched The Sure Thing together. VICTORY IS MINE!
I keep my shit together, not a screw lose
i know i know lol id be frustrated too :) shoulden't have been "Busy"
I'm terrified of clowns so don't even think of tweeting me a picture of them because if you do oh SOMEONE'S GON' LEARN TODAY!
Thanks for the follow!!
Ah, cool! Hope you're having a little fun outside of work! :)
THE TRUTH IS, if I could be with anyone, I'd still choose you.
hey Tracy, any big reason I have been on 167N from Kent to 405 for an hour? Gotta get to Redmond still :-(
I'm like so ready for a committed relationship but it's not looking good.
QUICK tweet me your favorite food and I'll retweet the one I like best
SHOUT OUT TO ARSENIO AND MANY BLESSINGS, YOU THE BEST
Congratulations to all Packers Fans and the entire Packers organization for a great and well deserved Lombardi trophy, great SB 45...
#IfYouKnowMeYouKnow Im Hella Chill Most Days..
Hey, pitchers and catchers reported while I wasn't paying attention this week. Spring is almost here! #frivolousthings thatcheermeup
What's Up ! Shady lovers. :)
Awesome! Can you DM me your email address? Then I can ask in more than 140 characters :)
Im fuckin lucky I made it home alive my punk ass car kept sliding I swear when I get my new whip I'm blowin this piece of shit up noregrets
Having the flu for a week is way better than getting a painful shot for 5 seconds.
Mention Twitter & get 20% off any detail! Pamper your #car!! Call (619) 928-4848! We're MOBILE & come to you! #sandiego #sd #detail #auto :)
Thanks! I'm following war's historical timeline - few more yrs to go. In VA soon, we should link up w/ & beers.
In old days books were written by men of letters and read by the public. Nowadays books are written by the public and read by nobody.
Will do. I may have free time on the weekend (May 19th or 20th) during the day.
That's probably the main thing I've missed about twitter...dumb ass ppl..lmao
are you cape Verdean
All I really want to do is sleep. And, not worry about anything. But, that wont happen for awhile .
Speaking of Depressed Colleen, looks like my attempt at fence-mending was successful. That should make her feel better. :-)
New Years resolution 2012..Unfollow people who don't follow!!
I need a new hair brush .... Let's just say it doesn't look to good....
#Clippers have a collective basketball IQ of 32 out of 100..that excludes
help me get out of schoooolll!
Sometimes you have to leave what you thought was good behind in order to have something great
I have so much to do, but that's a good thing!
this compliment is too big not to pass on! Baltazar Just said u look like Sophia Vergara :)
Peace up, A TOWN DOWN!
Cool. They don't disappoint. Ordering online?
Does Karl Fisch (great example and original flipped classroom teacher) use Khan Academy videos?
I hope you didn't think I was talkin bout you or something...
It's possible, you should swing on by :)
YEAH SO WATVHA BEEN UP TO
Be always ours this day and for evermore." - Happy St. Patrick's Day!!!
My sister's friend bought me a handle of sky vodka.... Bless his heart!
oh please
thanks I'll email them
So, I'm feeling you but I don't know how to go about telling you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Its that time again! Be 1st to tweet us a good joke to win tickets to and this Friday!!!
lol don't even get me started on that movie!
What kind of beer though???
Ryan uses community records to understand 14-15th c. responses to magic & charlatanry around Mediterranean.
It fell in the handbrake compartment. Right before we donated the car he cut a slit into it & there it was!
Whoa...be still my heart. Lots of werkin it out there...hott.
Nicole Richie&#39;s Fashion Headpiece Love in House of Harlow | New ...
What is you opposition do you have to Glenn Beck or the Tea Party peacefully and legally gathering at a public space.
I once got mistaken for a man twice the same day, and I was wearing jeans & a tank swimsuit. I have witnesses to this.
yes of course. what days are you free?
Yesterday is dead and over.
both of my girls are in high school now. university city high and kearny digital media design
When your friend tells your crush you like them #bitchplease i can do it on my own...
Watching NCIS with Viggle Wed | 7PM | USA Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Never discuss your weakness with anyone, because once they know them that's when they take advantage of you.
Real niggas don't always survive in the end but we look good while we doing it
We would LOVE a follow!
whats on the agenda:Legal Issues for Public Pensions
Killing it on the twitter account all #SuperBowl long
don't kill any lot lizards today.
happy mother's day to you!! :0)
Asleep at 9, up at 8. Take that, crappy fatigue.
New shirts are awesome
love dont cost a thing
off to seaco
What an amazing night last night!! So many great prof B2B women in the room! Thanks for hosting us at our mixer !!
For Open NW applications already suggested: my Informatics students built a couple of working prototypes last quarter. It's all possible!
I Got Tha Juice
The friction cause by haters will ignite the fire that propels you into your destiny...
Shake your music maker...whatever it may be
haha I have no idea I just saw a commercial for it and was shocked
need 4 more followers ppl follow me the 4 ppl that follow me will get a shout out
Follow our Coach Justine!!
So happy that I'm finally finished with classes for the year. Now, bring on the finals.
#Norv Turner not a happy camper
Yes, Baby girl... I was at Target off 635 and Montfort years ago and they were all over the parking lot looking for food. NASTY!
RT : BREAKING: Mitt Romney Celebrates National Kick a Blind Kid in the Nuts Day
It's been a while nice seeing you too!!!
!!Teen Hoot Artist contest!! If your video has been posted on Youtube prior to April 22, it will not be approved for the contest.
0. I'm doing so badly. 3534 out of 4446.
she loves him! #TeamJef!
Retwret this if you listen to music!:) he is frekin amazing!<3
Doing more lucid dreaming lately. I always wonder why my dreams are so sparsely decorated.
and last, but not least, #FF ! :)
A brief conversation with the right person can greatly help - or hinder your speaking and info marketing success.
Benvenuto a Twitter my friend
grinding just opened up a t shirt slash photo company
Cannot wait another minute for tmrw night. Sorry Oregon, but we are gonna witness some real football.
That Moment When You're On Pandora And An Old Songg Comess On, Ohh Memories :) . Let Me Lovee You , .
Okay, it's true that the internet is where the world's stupid goes to die. But especially so in the past few days.
Happy Easter!
Much appreciated thanks!
lame. Just keep trucking, it'll all work out!
So hyped for this Lakers game this afternoon!!! Lets hang championship 17 up in Staples!! #Lakers #LA ALL DAY!!!
It's Tuesday...
would love to see TPM #spreecasts embedded on your website. live, interactive, multi-party video on TPM that can be broadcast
In the worst mood ever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Hey there! Great to see you.. you've been busy! Thanks for all the RT's!!! WOW! You're the best! *faints.. :)
You're so booze driven and I fucking hate it.
Jordan, that tweet made my day...I'm honored that you kept the letter and the poem. BTW, I miss your artwork:)
WOOHOO tomorrow is the day, can't wait!!! Pre-ordered ur book & I can't wait 2 read it!!
I want a dog
i think if you aren't making mistakes because you're doing good testing, it doesn't count as pride
I just found out about your " scale " for fans. If this is true, you have broken my heart nialler.
What the fuck is there to do in this lame ass town.
I think our algebra teacher just called a whore..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
well obviously, he's my homie
We would love to get involved with some of the work you do Ryan! We are a Metro Detroit Area teen webshow run by teens! :)
where's Tony Plush?
Thanks for the add, stay tuned for Skincare & Color cosmetic tips! My focus is to bring the Beauty Counter to you!
RT So much happening today. officially kicking off re-election campaign today. Fired up, ready to go. All aboard.
Happy (belated) Mothers Day, !! :)
#BlueRock shot on the #af100 this weekend. We loved it! Have you used it?
: I sent an email to the support alias and no one has gotten back to me in over 2 weeks.
Text me your needs .....
ima need you to stop dancin up and down my TL
Society attacks early, when the individual is helpless. -B F Skinner
Gotta say, it feels good to put socks on for a change
Current UW golfer Thomas Welk and former La Follette golfer Max Hosking were amongst those in the playoff who missed out on the final spot.
Have a great one and thanks for the tips!
#UNDERSTANDING THE RIGHT TO WAY TO EAT
What kind of rocks you need? Crack, Crystal? I got it all ;)
Thanks for the reply. I hope you enjoyed the article. It made for some interesting research :)
Vincent Brown. I love san Diego state.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. - Aesop
oh okay thanks "D
- PRINCESS ELIZABETH'S SPY was fun, have a hold on the first in the series.
Fascinating piece on #60Minutes about Anti-terrorist spy Hank Crumpton. Of course he has a book out tomorrow.
Things are going good. Just got the new myspace up. Going to play some basketball with my sniffly nose.
Center bar, son.
Curse you, computer! Dropping my dang internet connection so my catalog record is locked at "in use" mode and I can't finish editing. Grr...
I'm ignoring negativity like a church member ignores a church bulletin.
My body was still on CA time. the sleep was very nice!
I hate beer snobs because as my tastes improve I see they may be right but there's no reason to be a dick.
you know it.
so lucky!
Confronted by Baptist proselytizers on campus about "Biblical fact," I am tempted to respond that I only subscribe to "Shakespearean fact."
wont be Every thursday... but fun events to come! RT : Please have them back!!! ":
I know. I'm as surprised as you are.
No what's it about?
Big thanks to for being on the podcast.
G.M.N.I.: A fresh haircut will always make a man feel like a million bucks. Out here winnin'.
Currently cooking up some beats for
if you on your way to the club or chillin' at the crib! Tune in Fri. Night Flava for some awesome mixes! Support your local mixshow
Cee Lo Green is going to have a wardrobe malfunction
Don't forget to join us next week WEDS 5/16 1pEDT for #Marketing Series w/ .. thx for being a part of
Thanks for helping me with my website. I'm happy!
You know you watch too much CtCD when you can repeat just about every word Shwick said.
Spokesman lacks any sort of class. I have grown more tired of him, had enough of insults. Ain't working.
I GOT 99 PROBLEMS BUT NETFLIX AINT ONE
Buying a new home is a stressful process. Discover the value of a Realtor, and save yourself the headache. Call me anytime 443-610-5722
Dwight Evans participated in last game at Memorial Stadium and #Fenway100 ceremonies. Was anyone else at both?
": #ThingsThatGetMeUpset When technology won't cooperate, when people step on my swag, grammar errors, and poor shoe choices"
“: Sometimes the person who's always been there for everyone needs someone to be there for them.” So, so true.
I just look like a skank. Either way, I think it's fun :P
maybe that's the flame-grilled feast pictured?
Shabazz now has 11 points. Just playing at a different level than everyone else on the court.
You left me speechless. <3
Was just discussing this last night. Look 4ward 2 follow-up on >> : Doug Wregg on "Natural wine can’t age"...
Life should not be this boring.
will do thanks!
Smoking is kicking my ass right now I can't skate for shit
I haven't tweeted much this week. I blame it on massive box o'veggies delivered Tues tht I just finished breaking dwn. Kolrabi any1? Chard?
I agree lol
On my way back to indiana with
It's like someone sedated this guy
Running on 3 hours of sleep
lucky you
I don't know where he is today, but he was mine for a while.
I got a case if the Mondays....
- see THE AVENGERS. The article isn't too spoilery, but you'll thank me later if you see AVENGERS first.
": What are ethics? Talkin through it all with "
every day
'Failure is the path of least persistence." Author unknown.
I've never seen so much love for the Flyers on my timeline.
What can the Dems hope to gain in a regressive state like North Carolina? Southerners still REFUSE to see the light!
talk to us. ask us questions. i swear we are not complete jerks.
Join us 2Nite for the Hottest Wed in Chicago. Tropical Wed at Lalo's UIC. No Cover Free Parking Free Dance Lessons.
Awesome! Hope both are fun pieces to work on :)
What a huge success today! Thank you for watching Dr. Walinski on SD living this morning and for taking the time to call in.
Just saw a fed ex guy in the loop with an armed guard as an escort. Can we say NATO panic mode yet???
had fun judging the Mocktail contest. Totally impressed by the work the groups put into their entries.
thankyou jordan for making me happy :)
Those who can't write novels write children's books.
You know what I'm doing? I am thinking how stupid it is that I am usning Twitter...I can't fXXXing belive this SHXT is popular..
Let's get fucked up and die
"...That a girl goes through..."
So how do you like our pink Christmas ?
Stepped on a splinter this morning.. >_<
Tonight we discuss imperative affirmation w/ our students at 8pm est on #schools2life chat with prepare to succeed!
I know that there's a place for me somewhere out there.
"WE WANT PRENUP" (Kanye West College Drop Out voice) lol
": RT Gym flow at 7 2day"< DEFINITELY go you need it
#LRT everyday is that day!
M rye and Mad Men
I wouldn't mind so much if they parked better.
Fuck love. Burn schools. Hi Jesus.
let's get it where u at
Reminder of our meeting tonight in BH 139 at 5:45! Bring your bracelet money and see you there!!
Forecast for the global convention here in Orlando? Well today, at least, it's sunny and beautiful!
Thanks, Greg! We had a blast! RT : Great concert last night at the Cedar with & Wow!
According to the marquee, the yellow line is never coming.
Look for Layoff-to-Employment Action Planner samples at PA Partners Conference May 16-18
lmao I'm about to make me a bacon egg & cheese. Fuck sleep.
One cat to the right of me purring, the other to the left of me snoring.
Go for it! Please, please videotape.
If people don't like what they're seeing, they move. Exactly why brands must provide relevant content via
Yaa with the help of some dirty bank shots... That backboard was not regulation
What will it take to get you to spend your sports dollar on #UWM athletics? SportsRadio
I applaud California's governor for doing what's necessary and right by raising taxes so schools don't lost funding
Boss lady
i want to go shopping!! :/
Everybody rides her, she's just like a bus route.
not if u dnt get caught! Lol
RT : Ray J back at Floyd house playing one wish on the piano
Pandora can seem quant next to Spotify, Rdio, et al but when it's dialed into a playlist it's hard to beat. Try John Prine radio.
Has it been a year since senior hottie already? Jeepers!
Just got back from seeing A Christmas Carol Each year it amazes me and puts me in the Christmas spirit.
hello beautiful :3
Event was awesome, everyone loved Check on Facebook for pictures later today.
Sharapova... Tennis will never be the same lol RT If you can't afford porn, just turn on tennis and shut your eyes.
Time to worship and relieve my stress <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
great shot!
Are there seriously "office oscar pools?"
Sadly no-Injured & bikeless
Now is a great time to get outside with your notebook and write a poem!
Some people have lives, & some people have Lady Gaga.
RT : Drew Barker is now talking with South Carolina and LSU. I think we've got our top player in Kentucky for 2014.
Thanks for the +K's, I'm behind in my +K's! Will be at #coffeecon this weekend doing a #wine vs coffee debate w/
well I guess I feel kinda silly now.
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>Dance for you <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
In short poll, interesting that more than 90% are NOT using Amazon for computing or storage.
Blog apology time: there's some new entries in the works, but not quite yet. Thanks for the patience, if you read the thing.
we wish!
About to start this government packet
RT": Oh hey, you have a picture! "|I'm prob better off w/a cartoon...:-)
Hi! Yeah, I'm down here til the end of April. We'll have to get together, grab coffee sometime!
Comparisons are easily done once you had a taste of perfection
can you even see his tweets now?!
Saying a quick hello to the gang! what a team! Happy to be on their side!
Hi Michael. Thank you for following. I'll be sure to keep an eye on your march to the top. Best wishes and God Bless.
Energy Saving Strategy: Motion Sensors~provide light only when needed and save energy when rooms are unoccupied!
Not necessarily. T-Mobile, for example, offers value plan where you pay full price for phones ($600+), which appeals to some
Today's a scorcher! Wanna be cool like me? Efficient air sealing and more can help your AC work more effectively! www.smartenergypays.com
#artpolitics mobilization of aesthetics and affect
Haha...blah. RT : what did u expect? LOL RT : "Hello gentlemen....oops and lady...."
oh girl I am just so proud of you <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Two hits in a row!
GEORGE HILL!!!!
is it just me or are people riding like idiots on the west side hwy bike trail... and then throw in people walking and texting to that..
Hey stalker;))haha
Will do!
NAPA with Ross our crazy fun Bartender! Tell him a tweet sent you! Sit at the bar
i got my baby back! (my macbook)
love you bro.. Gonna miss your kissies
Thanks for the mention. Happy Friday!
Man, what happens when I miss a meeting...
a bully is someone who hurts other people. you've bullied me plenty of times.
live music tonight at six
Havarti cheese!!! So good!
Salt in the air, sand in my hair
Don't run away from the truth
Sara think about uploading a link to "The Mall" at www.xxxmalltheaters.com. Going to ask Kelli to think about it as well:)
We have to sort out what life will be like now :)
While waiting for the boss to appear on Garrison this AM, I heard an ad for 's Hamilton IMAX 16.
Hey #abq! We know, it's been a while! We're busy working on lots of projects. So hows it been?
Yes indeed.
lmfao, why the hell he do that to his hair, and took pictures like it was hot, really? Lol
you. are. love. thank you so much for sharing it w us! faboosh grand opening darlings
Honestly, if Gaga had no intention of ever performing the studio version of Hair, why didn't she just release a ballad version of it on BTW
Why is it that, as a culture, we are more comfortable seeing two men holding guns than holding hands?
Just raped that research methods exam, and I'm done with that class FINALLY
Coaches we have all sports come find your players today
2wins in a row for RFS.. Meanwhile O's get slammed by Toronto
RT : I'm not sure if America is ready to be a second rate nation quite yet.
every 200 women is born with a third
Amazing meeting u yesterday, Josh. Loving the album & the pic u posted from your visit! Talk soon.
Def looking forward to our article. Added a few more things to Google doc, but hope to have more to add as year winds down.
Wish I was at the game tonight! Let's go Preds!
Dude, have you sold that Mustang yet?
": In line for with " are you first? ;)
Not only a kiss ,but also a dance!As I ran into my sisters arms, we became the same light, and we twirled,round & round 2souls
GREEN DID SOMETHING!!!
RT " Crowd loved it! Here's the video: Love in Action - shot words by music by "
finding the gratitude in every moment of the day.
got my staff packet in the mail for Boys State today :p lol
U could win a $250 William-Sonoma gift card. Foodies what would you do with $250? Enter the Food Network Canada For the Love of Good Food...
in all seriousness you might enjoy it. Elements of fantasy/sci fi in it.
Brrrrr!! its too cold , and im sick i cant sleep =[
Obviously he does pass a lot if he was 2 short of ty lawson
You are most likely correct! :-)
its actually not bad. Went from a Droid x to this. Do it!
Having children makes you no more a parent than having a piano makes you a pianist.
Lester C Olson uses phrase activist scholar to describe Audre Lorde. That might work altho I'm still liking locale based 2
Don has to be joking about that hammerhead shark , it was about 10 inches long. Got me laughing tho.
My cat begs for food like a dog. Today I learned that he will eat graham crackers but turns his nose up to bananas.
You can't make a great play unless you do it first in practice.-- Chuck Noll
Seeing my crush today at school was just so nerve wrecking.
tried to dm you back, but we are here to cheer for the ipl cricket . Your comedy is one of the things getting us through lol
Thanks for the support! Feeling great about launch, and fine-tuning everything. Looking forward to golfing, too!
Diving went so good today. cant wait to get back out there and do it again www.desertdogdiving.com
Where can I find the #bonezone wish list at?
Come party with all the beautiful people of #Miami tonight as takes over the turntables at SET Nightclub |
haha. I was confused. Silly me.
Merry Christmas Eve to all of our fans & followers!
I'm not going to do that coz I'm going to sleep and ok ttyl :)
not really... I want to figure out my plan today, prob will do an expanded version of Hal Higdon's training plan!
RT ": First 12 who follow for me gets a shoutout + followback from me i promise , #HURRY !"
now following .....
The Dowager Duchess of Denver comes to mind.
According to Fox News, NFL's Steve McNair's girlfriend killed him and then shot herself
#saa11 data out depends upon the quality of data in--Jane Stevenson
Back in Dallas and must admit I wish I were still in BR. Way too short of a trip!
thanks for the help! it just pisses me off that they haven't taken the time to publicly let their clients know via twitter.
That ain't right. Wonder if they serve forks with their ribs?
I love you girl! Can't wait to hang out RT : is lookin hot tonight
": The Bone Collector #describeyourvaginawithamovie"
An athletes #responsibility begins with a willingness to acknowledge who he is and what he is -- and what he wishes to become.
Follow Friday << Young & Gifted creators
You are welcome! I'm very good and you?
so happy for Smoak- and just as impressed by Noesi's 1st.
Phoenix could not have been better... Time to go home to the kids!!
Thank you to Scott High School for hosting NKYSPORTS tonight! Great hospitality all around!
I'll never be Mrs. Future Mahone. At least I can dream of being 's wife. :')
I was thinking about your flops... No, Yay was to Toni's come and visit comment.
not the shoulder
God is not slack concerning His promises. If He said it, He will do it.
u gonna come by. U bettr come by
Great first day at #Socap11 today - very inspired by all the energy and forward thinking folks around
Call Riviera Spa to book an appointment for today or Wednesday. Just say the word ORGANIC and receive 15% off. 214-521-2112
I can't believe I've never seen one!
Thank you! =)
Lincoln: "Liberty to all-the principle that clears the path for all-gives hope to all-and by consequence, enterprise, and industry, to all."
is that what its going to be? That's great makes me happy!
I havent seen you in ages, when will I see you again?
Mechanical Eye videomaker meetup tonight at 7 at Summit Artspace. And don't forget to tell 13-19 y/os about the contest starting April 15th.
Thank You Love <3
Woohooo! is up and ROCKIN it at
Red solo cup, I fill you up.....
Is trying to make gingerbread muffins. Sadly, they don't look like "one big chewy corner." Darn.
Don't think I could make it through each day without my forgiving savior.
": When I get older, I want to be like Louis.I want to still have an incredible sense of humour and be forever young inside."
Petite starts Friday - how many starts with the Yankees has he made this year? Is it his 2nd?
Strong faith today means more miracles tomorrow
pretty mother
Today is #WorldMalariaDay. Have you seen a video, an ad or a campaign that tells a compelling story? Send it on & we'll RT our favorites!
,,,,,,,,:THANKS FOR FOLLOWING!
itchin on a photograph
jail abuse commission's general counsel reveals #LASD deputies union has succeeded in blocking full access to deputy personnel records
love you too
will do
whats the name of the song?
Had an amazing weekend!
A little sad you stopped the one a day on Flickr.. you were my motivation! :) Hope you still continue to post of pups!
Will do! I'll put you on something fun for this one.
There are definitely not 4 boxes of shoes packed to come with me to San Antonio.
wat clubs or events
Can anyone invite me to spotify? Would it be worth actually paying for? busterross@
We have a groundhog up in a tree in our backyard...
I-75 NB still stop and go near I-4. Traveling less than 10mph between stops. More time for podcasts!
push her down the stairs...?
call me
you should tweet more. <3
haha thanks Coach! I'll hit you up tomorrow.
Life is short.. Make your hugs long and say I love you every day!
Bored got my new iPod.
I'm gonna get checked all the time. >.<
C:SOTN is the best game in the franchise by far! Good job.
“: If huggie was the coach? How would have that fight ended” I don't think there would have been a fight if he was the coach
Your video made me smile. :-)
great first speaker #acrlny11 - should check out the slides
#userfocus Potential bio analogy: Content is the receptor, purchasable product or service is the cell. Receptors enable growth & change...
Did you know.... that there are 64.3 million father's in America?! I say "Happy Dad's Day" to you all!
At this hour, I think it's a wash between the Metro and the bus to go from Silver Spring to Wheaton. Therefore, bring on the Breda!
This is Not a Film, review: Jafar Panahi's invigorating directness in his new film cuts to the chase, writes Tim..
RT : Let the #hackathon commence. Nice food for a start. #bigdataweek #dsgh Data Science Hackathon is live now
Take Action!! ;)
I think one of the local PG Co libraries has a local history room, a good place to start for
The new ECMC Farmers Market is getting better each week. 400 visitors last Friday, half from the hospital and half from the neighborhood.
; hey boo thang! i'm just sitting here in class, thinking about giving you a s/o (; hahaa. I love you & can't wait to chill.
How did I miss at during the #sxsw ??
You need no polish; just the willingness to fly and trust your authenticity. ~ Lee Glickstein
Gotta get this work done before its time to play tonight...
"The hot dog vendor & mother of 4 insists she's not a prostitute, just a stripper." I watch the news so you don't have to.
thank you for following us.
congratulations to all the graduates!
Thanks! We can't wait to meet him or her!
dood I have to wait till after I go get the little sis :/
lol ok cool.
Ed Stetzer - Weekly Wrap &amp; Church Signs of the Week: Some ...
Sounds like a good day :)
So sad im not there for it but enjoy its for sure the BEST night in the city and always so much fun!!
Just rel to love!I will RT you
Gearing up for Turkey Day! What are your plans?
Have you signed up for our newsletter yet?Sign up & get all the latest info on our deals, workshops & special events! www.rhythmastudios.com
Totally sucked up that audition
Next website for portfolio is done and will be launching after clients next fight
The things people will do for free lunch. Free grilled cheese in exchange for your soul and a t-shirt thrown in your face.
Holmes catch ruled incomplete after review...FG unit on the field for 52 yard FG
what is the worlds' idea of clean coal (not low sulfur)? Is it just PR or what?
WuTangs CAPPADONNA tickets NOW AVAILABLE! LIMITED PRE-SALE $10 TICKETS, $40 VIP TICKETS! HIT ME UP!
would you like to come in today at noon?
I think suicide hotline operators should encourage callers 2 rob a bank instead. Every1 wishes they could, & it would be a good distraction
Here we come ! Can't wait to see you ! With
thanks for the #FF love. Enjoy your weekend!
Just saw the first patriot
Follow this lovely lady she's the best :)
In the name of God, stop a moment, cease your work, look around you
Rudder-Roo3 was a blast! So glad to rock out! Busy week ahead a lot of MAJOR things happening right now! God Bless :)
pretty sure their contract only allows ristretto...
If your going to straighten your hair do all of it and don't be lazy.
Thanks for the #ff!
haha you know it
We use more water in a day than we use oil in a year.
Finally! Hotel and airfare booked for #MCC, NYC here I come!
Baseball workouts with Ethan, then getting ready for game time!
Foster The People sold out 1 min after they went on sale, any chance for a true fan to get tix?
Leon Panetta meeting w/ sailors & Camp Pendleton marines aboard USS Peleliu to show Pentagon's committment to ships amid cuts
Me too. And I went to both schools RT when I was young that was the game...
Whether you’re looking to ramp down your cigarette smoking, or just want a fresh take on your smoke break, ecigs are a great option.
I am counting down!!! Luckily, I am going to a special screening with a q&a.
agreed. great job RT Ironically I think what VW has going is a great product/brand fusion
Fake me is right. I AM bored. I WANT to talk. And you're assholes. ": Hey, assholes! I'm bored, assholes. Talk to me, assholes."
HOT DAMN.
Yeah, thinking much the same. We don't have a research budget, per se. But my dean would be amenable to a couple books a semester.
Watched #girls on YouTube.Immediate reaction, following 's post: will we get to meet the housekeeper Hannah stole from?
Think we're all set!
Mommie: let's watch movies all day Me: okay!!!! Mommie:z lmao happy mothers day to my mommie
I hope you don't mind. We like to share articles that alumni have written. Thank you for the follow.
We also can't wait! It was an amazing day of filming!
OK, I know I missed the cut, but I'm curious, what is a book plate?
What if?
i want some jim nachos with rice. ;)
aww thank you(: you're gorgeous!
today's my friend's Bday and the best gift is if you follow her,will you make her dream come true?.25
My Christmas list? A mother fucking PILLOW PET! >:D
Made it just in time for first session on new musetech. Whew! Rookie mistake with buses on my part.
Morning friends!!!!!! At the nail salon this lovely sunny Saturday morning follow let's get that 120k
I really hate my mom. Another Saturday just like the last. Late again and I'm the one that has to pay for it.
no ones from the summer when I was tan and ones from a week ago
HATERS make me FAMOUS !! :P
Nice! It'll be a good show!
Overheard in the Praxis Fellows' lounge: "What if you had a kid with Hitler?"
Use Akismet, it's awesome for fighting spam
Hi Laine! Support our organic salon in Fresno by giving us a shoutout or enjoy our organic salon services at Thread&Sugar:)
You mean murder threats shouldn't be taken seriously?
an old Richard Dreyfus
- I was so angry w/ them when they let Harry Smith & Dave Price go, for last year's fiasco - but this year CBS is really good
Best Studio Recording Engineer in NC. Don't sound like a newbie, Get quality music every time. RT for free studio time - New Clients only.
Next Dan Marino. He got a future, unlike Miss Cleo.
The hunger games was good but not like I imagined but I did love the characters all the actors were amazing
So I want you to cry! And I want you to cry for me! I don't want you to lie to me and say that it will be alright
Getting ready for my interview on at 9:45. Thank you to all of my fans in advance for watching -- you guys are amazing!
RT Catch my interview with author Mike Leach of Why Stay Catholic at catholicmom.com/?p=19443 - enjoy! //
Schmarbage indeed. Alison, your inane humor always "cracks me out!" (in the words of a very-trying ESL friend of mine).
I like that if I ever head out to #Oregon, I have Twitter friends there.
Thank you :)
Two days is not enough time for a weekend.
Stop by and purchase your Yankees tickets for $25 for April 16th. If you've never been to a Yankees game this is a must!
thanks for the
Ahh so close!!!!
are these morons serious?
like hell. #la #Florida #Chicago #stlouis we shall be together! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
aw fun!!! It's been years since i've decorated any.
At this exact moment, I am downloading 's new album, "Army of Mushrooms." I am the definition of excited.
I remember when Last weekend you told me... You were over her!
breakfast risotto with sweet sausage and a fried egg...what time will you be here?
Remember, February 9th is the A New Breed tour w/ and at ! We've got tickets for only $10!
Oops I meant reminded...
#NWS has downgraded today's high from 98 to 97. That's a relief! I was worried for a minute there.
no just lying in bed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
T Woods and a Saturday afternoon nap... Does it get any better than that homie!?
When you make healthy food choices and be available to the inner child who needs comforting, your excess weight will naturally drop away!
lmao YAY! And your so welcome FOLLOW PLEASE <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> or ima <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Love is blind. Friendship tries not to notice. - Anonymous
SATC marathon all by my lonesome and it's the one where Miranda like breaks her neck!!! HAHA
NEVER CHUG WINE
I did not know you play bass. I do as well. cool. huuhuuhhuh
good night Big Michael
Getting it together!! Time to do it big!!!
Congrats Lisa and my day was pretty good. :) Getting paid next Friday. We get paid every 2 weeks. :)
...LMAO you should Follow ...So you...
Turned in a paper for class and then the Prof let us out. Hell yes
you are quicker than quick, baddest!
Hey there, saying thanks for the RT, Rosie rocks, eh?
where are you cheering us on from?
I'm going to focus on school and nothing else.
understanding history, community, trust, building sustainable relationship. Central to community based dh
Thanks , , for stopping by poster!
When life serves me pickles I serve it weights...mid night work Lego....
In a nutty mood? Swirl some peanuts into your yogurt today to add some crunch!
Volunteering this morning with for
It's Lunch Time! Empanadas Tuna Melt on Croissant Chicken Tortilla Soup Italian Wedding Soup
I will put one up soon I promise just gotta lose a few more pounds :)
Follow my main twitter
Happy first of the month!
'Smash' was entertaining; I think it'll be fun.
Today I have to get my eyebrows and oil change. Plus I have to mail off some things and call a man about a cow.
you are correct! Via your text :P
Birds singin' in the sycamore tree Dream a little dream of me.
did you try gatorade? That works for me sometimes
there are criminals selling my music through known distributor and the law has done nothing.
Even if you forgive me you will never forget it
Health Tip: Inner power is cultivated through concentration, contemplation, and meditation. Generate external power by starting within....
Last day in the library. Let's do this.
Really?? You light up my life could give it a run for the money.
RT : "I don't know if I want to be in a movie at 2 AM with people who enjoy watching kids kill each other." -
I know you do....Ikr its not that serious...
long weekend is over :(
Alfredo-Where r u? It's time to eat! Maybe if we tweet him he will not be MIA!!
no, I just stopped going on tumblr but now you're taking over twitter too.
changes to "stop and frisk" .... but no cease to "stop and frisk"
Waking up late at night to go to the bathroom. *Walks there slowly. Finishes. RUNS BACK BEFORE A SERIAL KILLER KILLS ME*
I'm a United fan. City just took the title at the last minute :(
cute kid in my building.....
is an entertainer. Great job on #TheVoice & "Red River Blue". Blake's hot wife #NowPlaying on
is retweeting people so I thought I'd tweet them. #tweet Go check their music out!
I'm cracking up at your use of <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+008E> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
#BGE customer service was really nice! I like when cust serv doesn't hassle you.
Book read, now just need to write last book review of the year. Rev'd 8 books in the last year--might take a little break after this.
Swing by and check out some new music! We have some amazing singers!
Day 47 of 100: I am thankful for learning how to change my mind.
I'm glad cats aren't taking the full 10 minutes this year...I need need to fast forward to pick 22!
“: Then my homegirl Gabby and her older sister Monique got into a serious car accident and nearly died.. the scary part..
He won the WBC title when he was 20 years, 4 months and 22 days old, after defeating Trevor Berbick by a TKO in the second round
it's nice waking up to favorites from you
Brians24 ruby red vodka&grapefruit, frittata machaca, be nice or go away rocks SAt am.
It's a MAJOR day for #SpringFling Main Event Qualifying! The action begins @ 1pm with a $65 ME Qualifier where 10% make it into the Big One!
Currently obsessed with Teavana. That place is great!
he looks like a giant Jayson Williams
How'd it go this weekend at provincials?
Apparently. Although I'm not sure I have ever finished work at 5, ever. :-)
Big thanks to you all for a wonderful weekend!
Here we go. Are you sure you want to be famous?
In 2008, more than one-in-four people (27.7 percent) living in rented housing units lived in a different residence one year earlier.
Romy Sounds like a typical cheap FIB
Thanks for following us! Tomorrow at #FatTuesdayRELOADED we're catering to the ladies with Free entry till 12, and Free drinks till 1!
thanks for ignoring me butthead
come on down I'll definitely be in till 3 or I can meet you somewhere after that.
She blowing me kisssesss
wtf is wrong with that kids hair?
hey can u follow me? I like talking to u lol
thanks! Do you recommend that for all with hashimotos?
She looked at me and put a frost on everyone's vodka
I know I'm late but man I couldn't make it.
cant wait to see what night is going to be industry night?
nope u can keep that ugly <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> color :)
Back in the land of the living.
good night/good morning <U+E241>
when all else fails just add a hat ;) takes it from meh to fab!
always! Might have to change my name to idroveskj ;)
lmao isn't it sad how addicting these things are? :-)
That will be impressive for Heckert, sad for what it says about #Browns current roster though. High hopes for G. Little.
Are you out of the boot?
This day in American Century Music: Oct 22 1889: Ives’s first of 36 organ lessons with Alexander Gibson, one of America’s leading...
I already voted 4 him. He's a winner in my eyes even if he doesn't get all the votes. They'll be many other wins 4 him :)
Well this is boring...
Can't wait to go tonight to the game! is ready to put the cherry on top of his 3rd MVP. Thank you :)
"The 3 great essentials to ACHIEVE ANYTHING WORTH WHILE are 1st HARD WORK, 2nd STICK-TO-ITIVENESS, 3rd COMMON SENSE." ~Thomas Edison #TGIF <U+2600>
15% of the population is born gay. Why can't people accept it? They are humans and don't bother me what they do with their lives.
is your puppy a girl? How about MINAJ or Miranda July.
It's not MW without TUs. Am I doing this right?
RT : Aloha receiver Sheldon Prince out with left foot injury. Grant leads 37-27 entering 4th
Alex's CDs are in! Can't wait to see them!
she claims to hail from "HaWarlem" actually
Sounds like a great day!
how could I not, when you asked so nicely? And, thanks!
You're honestly the most inspiring person.<U+2665> You give me hope.<U+2665>
Oh.. now that is cool! We love all the different programs you can sign up for this Spring & Summer!
for wat? im not trying to impress u ;)
The service we render others is really the rent we pay for our room on Earth.
Guess who is the newest 2012 season ticket holder!!! This guy that's who!!!
WATCH IT NOWWW! where r u that u cant see it! its ssoooo god so far. he's so fucking sexy
aw thanks! I am sad though, tickets were gone right at 10am :(
I really just want to watch Tyler Perry movies...
Live life, smoke a joint, roll a blunt, you only live once...
Any child, whether being an American citizen, legal immigrant, or illegal immigrant has the right to a free public school education
Ha! Too certified. Have fun at this weekend.
RT I've learned that controlling risk and having a sense of perspective are key elements for investing success.
#QuotesFromThinkLikeAMan Where to... DAMN look how small yo skirt is woo LOL
Life's hard man.
It's the greatest sacrifice any human being has made ever. You > the rest of us.
“The temple is already built.” ‘Abdu’l-Bahá
plzz follow me
yeah! Love is pain whether good or bad
no problem beautiful :D <3
Thank you for having us on your Hometown Hotspot segment this morning.
it REALLY hurts ha
So tru wit his punk ass damn coach<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
couch cushions all the way!!!!
Watching #angelinajolie on right now. Been waiting for this interview for so long! Wondering if she'll talk rumours.
had the "Sweetest" reward post-20mile marathon training run 2day. Choco cupcake from Sweet. DELISH!
“: #Scorpio's can drink more than you.” hell yeah martian status<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>
cheese and crackers!
Fry's is like the Ikea of electronics. Yeow.
“: If you place your heart in God's hand, he will place your heart in the hands of a worthy person.”
But he agrees with him!!!
Thats all she wrote!!!
well, is next to me so check his WaPo review tomorrow.
lol cause you guys go to my school right? lol there you go assuming again haha
why would you say that?
I'm new to Twitter
sweet.. you just added to my cravings - butthead
Thanks to Dan Rybicky and John Sayles for a great conversation!
Warning: The iPad version of Instacast is *weird*. iPhone one is nice.
Thinking of something I can change my name too instead of Chachi Gonzales cause I feel that that's what misleads people to think I'm her.
#TaylorSwiftIsTheBest until #Beyonce walks in the same room..then she's just some skinny bitch with a baggy dress on..
Reports are in that 5 men have been indicted on charges of plotting to blow an #Ohio Bridge up. This country is doomed
I can only imagine how many people who are still using MobileMe, because iCloud is not compatible with Snow Leopard.
lmfao Chad loved us
There are too MANY ads on the traffic page: 2 in the top banner, 1 bottom banner, 3 large block ads & 3 sponsored links.
Thanks for the RT's!
love ya
Game 3. Le'ts go HEAT!
work it!
just like one more day of school and then finals y ya thank GOD
Vegas has hood rachets
i like it
got nominated for homecoming princess...uugh lol
omg hurry and find one!!
I haven't gotten anything! :O
Again #NYGiants #SpecialTeams comes up big!!!
Hi David. I worked for Pearson in Boston for many years. Know Sarah Hull from Custom? A friend of mine. Cheers
We can't wait to see you!
Talking about shit
READING MY MIND
Ask Sen. Taylor why she voted yes for WI Concealed Carry law. Thanks!
Then no football tomorrow
The network operates by sending email LatinoAmericanos
Hell thy name is Wegman's
stranger I miss u buster
It is dangerous to hunt animals because many hunters get shot by other hunters. Some hunters shoot anything that moves.
A #serious relationship would be nice.
bring the old armadillo for street cred but you must buy a new one to get in. Funds go to SCC scholarship :)
Cody Follow me!! Please!! I'm your fan #1 I've seen all ur videos!! I wanna be just like u a porn star baby
nm music you?
A charge on a fast break? Really?!
I love putting on a winter coat for the 1st time and finding your favorite gloves you thought you'd lost...and a grocery list from February.
I see you
I hate spending that kind of cash on something that doesn't do anything cool.
So glad to be home (y)
Come by Red Square (Georgetown Univ) to have a carrot cake & end your hunger as well as the world hunger crisis! via Bakers at Georgetown
Columbia today for CPA Day at the Statehouse. - Legislative Luncheon, New CPA Oath Ceremony and SCACPA Board meeting.
thanks for the follow! And thanks for letting me be a part of SOTYP, it was a great event! Count me in for future happenings!
That would be hilarious...(:
My dude is performing at a school event with a shirt that says VAGINA, gold teeth, and he is bangin hard!
I ain't running no grocery story here, WAYNE.
The professor must have made a mistake in grade reporting. You actually made a 50/100. Resume your normal shafted gloom.
tell your dad I said thanks! and look out for the dog line this summer :)
Can't say I'm thrilled about that. The yakkers will take over the only remaining peaceful refuge.
capped off a amazing long weekend in Chicago with the stomach flu. Ugh.
I have a feeling my twittering is going to start falling apart now that I have to be productive all day.
minus the bitter right? Mistake I assume
knows that works really well for me!!!! Hi Adam! Hugs to you boo boo!!!!!!!
Party a the pitt .
Last weekend was very busy at the Clam Cannery. We held our first wedding. The weather was perfect and we should have pictures soon.
yumm.. im eating cherries... :)
With enough hot sauce, anything is edible.
I look forward to hear what you cookin- you still in Philly
On the floor now, Landers
I just won 3 stuffed animals out of those crane machines - holla.
So far #MFF2011 is turning out to be a great Fest. We Need To Talk About Kevin and The Interrupters are two faves so far!
hope you liked
Wow my mom wont even to take me to sushi to celebrate.
We hold individuals to a higher moral standard than we do corporations. Do you agree?
Blown out tire. Fucking fantastic.
Arabs really know how to sing Happy Birthday...
Our baking motto: If you can't say it don't eat it. We use all natural ingredients you can pronounce & find in your own cupboards!
you should do a commentary of you doing it super speed
For personal reasons, I am deleting this Twitter account. If you still wish to follow me, follow
...just got off the phone with Oprah Winfrey's producers for the Lifeclass show! I have been booked to tell my story. I am in shock!!!!
he would've made them <U+E05A><U+E05A><U+E05A><U+E05A>
Soo...they apparently can predict when 2012 is gonna happen...yet they don't even know what tomorrow's weather is gonna be like.
The Walking Dead was the best one yet!!!!!
Commissioner is not a fan of The Wire. Blasts "that show" for portraying Baltimore as doomed.
My art is first ministry to myself; then to others.
Done with today's scheduled maintenance! It was just a cleaning on server side. No new updates.
<U+2764><U+2764> agreed!! : I can't sleep cause I'm too excited about how good this year is gonna be .... :)
#Trueconfessions I NEVER use my blinker if no one else is around.
:( :( well I hope you start feeling better !!!! Can't have my sister sick!
RT : When you can merge intent with interest, you've got marketing magic. Customer Intelligence launched by
As soon as I had complete faith in God's purpose for my life doors began to open.
why are you so PERFECT? <U+2665>
congrats on your new son. Big Dad!!!
right shits gonna be legit , these movies never end
MIKEY WAS IN THE BACKGROUND. ASDBDKSBAHMSN
hello my friend!!! Hope I'm doing this right and you get this...
Thomas Kinkade died. I bet his soul is resting in a little glowing cottage in a painting in a mall somewhere.
camp ramapo is a wonderful camp....you'll love it!
somehow I forgot this story involved bloody marys. Was this the polish drunk?
Someone has serious issues! #GROWUP RT : Just saw two grown men on one motorcycle...that's wrong in so many ways.
Having Denny's with mi madre and mi abuela
It looks like it's neck and neck in the "Who's More Douchy - The Peeps Happy it's 4/20 or Those Annoyed it's 4/20" Race.
“: haha. I did it on purpose. :)” yeah wasn't sure if it was on purpose or not.. Wonder how many people caught it..
Sunday's would be way better if Monday didn't follow.
Tomorrow is customer appreciation day at The Blind Man. We will be celebrating with live radio remotes, free food & more. TheBlindManNM.com
born #original and im better than i ever been!!!!
Our packaging for Tropical Punch is almost complete. Just a few minor text and color changes!
Life coaching and the "art" of expression are a healing combination and I offer two different workshops - "Heart2Art" and "Color Your World"
drop in and say "Hi"
Hopefully, this guy is Cuban and disliked by Latinos!
"Unless you're part of the fabric of community, you're not going to succeed that well" - on the importance of being engaged
thanks for advice re good company in Euston - looking for someone from my own species! know that might appear fussy but...
Very cool! RT Saw #Discovery on my commute in this morning. Sweet!
Larry Scott says the accomplishment he is most proud of is that we have used football as a platform to get exposure for all sports.
Nice piece of the Imfamous POP!
Fasho. Let me know when you come out here
Hm my sister can get downstairs at 6:20 when she has to take the bus but takes til 7:05 when i drive her
These last 7 days of school are gonna be a joke
RT if you miss 's tweets
I agree...there's nothing wrong w/finding someone attractive. Acting on that attraction is the problem.
Yeah ive been praying 4 corners last few yrs RT : we need to strengthen our O-line and corners.....
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone in Norway. <3
Haha! Epic. Just epic. I love him! I hope you're not too scarred, luv!
I find it rather easy to portray a businessman. Being bland, rather cruel and incompetent occurs naturally to me.
I agree! I wouldn't mind showing up to a confetti storm in my parking lot!
Get fired up like smokin' gun On the floor til the daylight comes, Gays they just wanna have some fun...A Gay gone wild ;)
I'm doing better than before lol. Thank you :)
The Reentry Anonymous basic text is now available! 12 step criminal addiction and ex-offender reentry support: http:www.reanon.org
Nice! :) RT : either miami or vegas. I need some pool parties. Lol
If you and your ex remain friends, it could only mean one of two things: either you're still in love, or never really were...
Thankxxx for the follow. Have fun on ur date...
People who say they don't need other people are usually the loneliest people, and they hate to admit it.
I wanna come! Where?
I always pays off to have an #extra pair of #earrings in your
You should collaborate a rap song with ! You guys have much in common
u still a lot further than me. lol
#TeamCeltics All day.... But the Heat is wrecking havoc right now... There is hope.
30. More. Minutes.
Sometimes after chasing $ and doing things the hard way the only thing you end up with is a "Reality Check"!
Making bacon-wrapped chicken livers. Don't look at me like that.
BIG THANKS TO and All the people who came to the best BACON FEST EVER!
~foh~ you're delusional
laying in bed. thinkin like i always do
Eric - How was the rest of the trip to Miami? When are you coming down to Tampa to check out the Bucs?
so welcome
#newyork ESPECIALLY if we're talking about the #yankees!
gingrich #dodge on "is it a free market"
Here at the Curbside Cookoff at RFK- lot 3. is ready for you! Try our Trucko de Mayo Jalapeño today.
That's cool. It's nice here too so maybe I can get outside again this weekend. Mom will be gardening. You be good! xoxoxo
thank ya very much! :)
ok no problem
Roger Sterling is a "G"
just rocked Jay leno
RANGERS WIN!!!! Hank was awesome in net as usual and Kreider had his best game with a goal and assist!! Richie with the game winner!
Really enjoyed a Dark 'n Stormy (Bermuda rum & ginger beer). I think we have a new hurricane tradition.
RT We're now just 24 days before the start of the World Series of Poker. Bracelets are being polished as we speak!
Hmm let's see how this torrent stuff works
That'd be tight. RT Sometimes I wanna make and airplane with 5 cats ... and fly out to saturn and write music on a ring.
Is there any research out there re: efficacy of Cycles vs. other approaches?
#ACMs - That's unusual - Steve Martin playing Banjo with Rascal Flatts!
measure behavior, not aggregation, on Facebook and Twitter. Clicking a like button is not a blood oath. get over it.
I'm so glad I've never read the phrase "You Are What You Tweet" on my Twitter feed. Thanks, everyone. You're alright!
FRIENDS COME AND GO, BUT MY LOVE FOR GOD and MY CHILD IS FOR EVER... XoXo
Lol they're plying love like woe in mcdonalds
Everyone, come see me, Jeff Lockerman, and Nick Donley tonight at Hotel Indigo - Union St, Nashville @ 7!
:o that was my favorite xD ugh im gone :/
I just want a new iTouch. Not offense but after dealing with droid, I need to go back to iOS.
THANK YOU #FNCI First Nations Composers Initiative for sponsoring the 2nd #LASKINS #MUSIC FEST #JULY21ST at the #AUTRY #FREE TO THE PUBLIC
Like What.?
4 straight hours on ref desk...BRING IT!
Where do I acquire taste buds that can tolerate coffee? #gross #butimsleepy <U+2615><U+2615><U+2615><U+2615>
my band rulez duh
Having post concert depression from a concert 2 years ago is totally normal
is it raining in ohio?
If i can make it here i can make it ANYWHERE I MEAN WHEREEVER
that would explain why she uses a different acct to bash you....
- at least you get it long and wide from That's an unexpected bonus for ya.
Good sign!
See ya Duke!
Good Morning! Werst Halloween party was a lot of fun! Plenty of food, fantastic music, and best of all great friends enjoying the night!
aww :P hehe well its kinda blonde/ginger! and no worries! no need to apologize about that :)
Yessir--I'm in the Season Ticket Department. That's great to hear. What team does she play on?
#laundryday oh what a thursday
I am El Nino. Yo soy El Nino. For those of you who don't habla espanol, El Nino is Spanish for: The Nino.
Do it...And bring paper! :) RT : I swear I'm going to move there just so that I can participate in FAFDET
RT : AECSM, #AIA, #SMPS Join us for "So your firm thinks social media is a bad idea?" #AECSM chat in progress NOW!
Doors open when you knock, but you have to knock and not stop knocking. The next door may very well be the one that opens
Would it be possible to have you come speak in the future?
And a box of thin mints RT : now I remember why I don't buy full tubs of hummus: I treat them like a single serving size.
The Westown Farmer's Market starts Wed, June 6th. Let the countdown begin!
Happy May Day, but more importantly Happy Birthday to my big sister!
#dogoodsummit starting now!
Had a fun time at the Opening of Burn the Floor at with
and were absolutely amazing tonight! Steve played the Zorn like a mad man! Great stuff!
If money equals smarts Romney is 1 of the smartest men in America.NAH NAY no way,no how,can't be,we in trouble!
2/3 ain't that bad! and I still have one whole day to do it so
here's hoping the teens are just a little better than the oughts. Onward to 2011 and beyond!!!
thank you bro
Beautiful day for the #MilnesWedding @
It's just one of those days little lady! Hope all is well with you :-)
: intrigued by . Hope I get an invite!” Hey Jesse, I saw ur email, ur on the list for the next invite round.
Tired of my dog
As a former asst. pros. atty, I support increased penalties for wounding law enforcement officers in the line of duty. (1/2)
oh okay
I really do hate people though.
Just signed up for , which I'm trying for my Mac.
Hey twitter and friends
Very neat! I could see these as a great teaching tools in schoolyards!
Noah PorterThere is always room for a man of force and he makes room for many
Funny, I scrambled to find a pic from on of my trips to NYC. Then I realized I could just take one :-)
Love u!!
probably have a higher degree than you do,besides which you never gave me Bernie Sanders reason for being Independent,do you know.
lmao eww I hate that word
“: hey ....i have a gift for ...wanna guess what it is?? ” thanks for the pig ears!!!
I feel it in my gut, to kill these mutha***** is a must like the arm of my pits lol dying of laughter at
will u ever come to shelbyville indiana and can u give a shoutout to kiara plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz ( live at...
Let's go caps!
Coming in about an hour. When is the interview with Xtina up?
HUGE congrats on your raise. You are amazing!!
It feels good to hear the song #Worldwide when they at the airport, you think that #BigTimeRush did the song for you<U+2665>
NBA meeting again in 2 minutes at noon....Let's get a deal done.
Hicks-- the forms of slam have been used for decades in places like Sout Africa.
OMG lol after that all 3 of us were like done.Poor people that were in the dumpling place with us..
Concern yourself with your lessons and allow others to learn theirs. Release the hold they have on you by letting their burdens go...
Haha. That's awesome. Almost stopped by on my way to the post office today but opted to go with Mickie's. Now regretting it
we're each others support!
I hope Zuckerberg adds 'blue outline' as an option.
I'm honestly so bummed out right now
Should I wear a poncho to work tonight?
I always take my Mother out on Saturday. Places are empty. Just call it Mother's Day Weekend.
we raise a glass to our friends , hope you guys have a blast tonight!
Do you think if Chelsea knew I took her first overall in my Survivor fantasy draft she would go out on a date with me?
hey do you have a link to that meetup?
Touchdown Seahawks!!!!!Way to go Matt!
Be honest with yourself about game performances. That is where your image is established.
The world is changing very rapidly. Big will not beat small anymore. It'll be the fast defeating the slow.
I could only dream 1 of my kids would run w/ me & stick w/ it. They think I'm just as crazy as my husband thinks I am. Good 4 U
Kentucky Yale beer <3
We love you back! :)
DOT DOT DOT is back bar tonight & tomorrow night, they never seem to disappoint us!
It been a rough patch this past week,but at least we put the plays our for all to see and document themselves. This way,You Decide on plays.
i'm cumming mama
Great coffee this afternoon with Art Alliance's M. Powell!
yeah I am sure we will do the same. Going with Furbs. Also sitting 400s
The new #RickiLake show will air this fall on ! Stay tuned for air times!
Wow! Portugal vs. N. Korea tomorrow.
RT : Under 's budget 30,000 special education teachers & staff could lose their jobs.
I am literally
You're looking for answers everywhere except within. Learn to master self-realization
p. tars.
awful call
It is a beautiful day in LA today!
GB should be ashamed of that BS. Killed by an inferior tm
Because it's all about the #Pricing guys- thanx for the RT's!!!
I got the job
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HAILEY!!!
I need a blunt right now. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Real fat flexible hoes look crazy with their legs pinned behind their heads. Taffy apple looking bitch!
Truth: is one super awesome dude. Thanks for being my host in Austin this week for railsconf and bohconf!
Merry New Year!
How about we take it back 25 years.
James Lovell was by far the most pretentious and annoying office seeker in the founding era.
I know it looks like one of the videos from but I can't find it on youtube :(
Truly blessed. My family will forever be my rock. Could not ask for better.
I hear ya girl, I hear ya
I see that hand going up. and takeover of AJAX class in 5...4...3...2...1...
yep, food, labor, food deserts, and other topics. Pretty interesting stuff
cool! today i am going to my Great Grandma's house, and tomorrow my Grandma's house!! :)
Patrick Swayze died?
at this point I just want a position. So if it wouldn't really help that's good to know
no. That tweet was from my iPod. Stupid.
#Metadata class presentations. The jokes are getting a little stale. Really, no need to make sex puns about metadata schemas. Sigh.
it's ok. Jus the way all djs hav the fatmanscoop drop.
Welcome to twitter !
Heading to bed....
having friends is way overrated anyways
I ate so many carbs today, I think I can now be classified as a muffin.
I want pizza LOL
I enjoy scanning 's feed. They are consistently posting important information about the dangerous aspects of our world.
Snow Day means NO work for Fay day!!
Stabbed in the back l0ve
you were right btw
Swim for the music that you know that'll save you when you know you won't survive.
what happened!
I swear he mad lol
you're going to hate me tomorrow.
it's not possible for me not to care about you..
What better way to celebrate your independence than to come to Pasquini's for free beer and pizza from 3-5?!! Come get some freedom pies!!
FUCK WHAT THEY CLAIM IM IN HERE TO GET PAID YA CHICKS NEAR SHE SWITCH GEARS SHE RIDE ME NO SEGWAY
It's pretty cool being able to watch Coachella live on my iPad. Can't wait for this Dre and Snoop show later
we didn't connect yesterday send me a direct message with your email and or ph number
Caffeine, nicotine, and alcohol.. One of those is bound to work right?
Get these MFing snakes out of our MFing town!
Happy #FF to some great Chicago Tweeps!
shawty tryna give me a heart attack
I spent yesterday doing absolutely nothing, and I'm dreading doing it again today. Maybe I'll just finish up my wedding invitations...
Thanks for the kind words and shares ! and myself had a lot of fun chatting w/ !
Life Lessons for the Day. Tell the truth, render just verdicts, don't scheme, and stop telling lies.
is gonna be on DWTS!! cant wait!! :)
: Do you know what time you're scheduled to play tonight? Vegas club shows run notoriously late!
On this day, in 1873 the first train robery west of the Missippi was pulled off by Jessie James.
BRING BACK ANYTOBER!
yup...Peyton probably thinks im crazy... :\ ha
Final #heartofasoldier tonight ...Seeing it off...
I don't kno if ur friend would like that...lol
You're welcome. Remember, you're a very special person. God loves you and I do too! (Hugs and smiles)
whats your url?
LOL it got beyond real lol, ppl were really ready to fight at Sherita's house
Hey what's going on?
so anybody have good reason to hit batter ever?
Run with the pack or face the wolves
Accelerating progress on national launch. Several things in work at once. PR kit, web revision, new IP, etc. Updates coming.
haha that's cool!
The Avengers was AWESOME! And yes you had to be a comic book geek to get the tease. Guilty as charged!
Very excited for your visit as well Please greet your fellow members for me #AIGAStout I am preparing gifts!
Signed up at the gym, start my workout tomorrow!
too much to explain!
Our special guest co-host is the hot,sexy JZZ!!! on Break That Single show right now w/DJNateski
All I need is the opportunity.
Monday's are always so interesting! Have a great one folks! :)
has finished its new websites. www.heavehoproductions.com and www.newspirits.net
That bothers him and he's going to have to beat some respect into him on next week's show.
Put it on shuffle and got a dcTalk song followed by a tobyMac song.
Amazing, as usual! :)
Ha! I may stop in at MdHS today. Would you have time to show me those Hughes/Cit yLife imgs this afternoon ?
awesome! I will text you when I get home
I fly with the stars in the skies I'm no longer trine survive I believe that life is a prize But to love doesn't mean yur alive Don't worry
too much brian eno tonight. time to switch it up.
Orange jump suit too.
That's exactly what i'm saying :) life jackets are obviously required for everyones safety haha
Some women don't know how to drive...
. Not intended as an attack--but as an honest appraisal of the position Obama is in.
no bluff make it happen.
I have been in such a pissy mood today. Probably cause I'm so stressed out right now. I just wanna focus on my birthday this week, not work.
I will travel to Israel in the spring & work w/ Israeli leaders to strengthen bond between NJ & Israel /// that's great!
HOW DARE YOU NOT BE TOLERANT OF MY INTOLERANCE? lol good one, buddy,
RT : In Dallas for #ALAMW12? Come to booth 2039 Saturday from 10-11 am for Bloody Marys & mimosas, courtesy of Springer!
I wish I didn't like you like I do. It hurts knowing you don't feel the same.
I finally know how you feel. Omg, no. Are you coming Saturday though?
I cannot wait to see your face! I'm going to jump on it! :)
Courage does not always roar. Sometimes it is the quiet voice at the day, saying, I will try again tomorrow." -
When is school out?
Happy Birthday to ... he's turning 1 yr old today!! Good job at keeping the little guy alive! ;)
Sen Graham: you don't get a lawyer; you're in military custody. Who needs a constitution?
Adderall? That gave me jitters for a bit. Now I'm on Vyvanse. A lot like Adderall but no jitters and way smoother. No crash.
America, my painter just hired 2 new employees to work on my homes. They were both on unemployment and food stamps. Who is the job creator??
We're so glad that you enjoyed your visit! We hope to see you again!
Oh shit, I need dress clothes now.
Just a guess. Is super cozy?
Just saw a Prius w/ the vanity plate: MYBRID. Bet they're SUPER FUN AT PARTIES.
Today's your day mom. Live it up.
my date for tonight is Sean Penn circa 1986 on Netflix.
Help her out she wants to get 80,000 followers before she dies! follow
don't call me a hipster...that term is way too mainstream for me...
Liam was very bouncy in that song.
Lol why is your name not on your twitter Jose? Nah, thats not the motto haha
hahaha, good call on Henderson, I was thinking Williams too. But athlete and swag is Hendo all the way
Hey Mone, Long time no talk to. Hope all is well.
I hope you feel better! Get lots of rest! Sending hugs! ;)
images come alive in different ways when digitized: integrated into impromptu memorials and shrines
Had to go out at 7:15a to fetch the paper so it wouldn't be stolen like last Sun. Turns out having a NYT subscription's like having a dog.
awesome on 1690!
Congrats, Erin! That's great. Boiler Making is an interesting major choice, but I respect your decision.
RT : Did you receive blue card, or did pollworker give Dem ballot for red card?
At work while my entire family is off this week. I think I might be the lucky one. ;-)
Field trip tomorrow! gonna go sleep early! which is 10..
If you want IT - GO GET IT. You might not can take a huge step but a small step by faith will get God's attention. - Coach Leslie
can't wait to see you in concert on Sunday 7/24!!! Aaahhh I'm so psyched!!! <333 #HAPPYBIRTHDAYSELENA!
pissed off i want my motherfucking money like im sitting here thinking u need to pay up $3000 nd counting -_-
yep, I thought the same thing. At least it was thw most original out of the nominees. Like I said, I enjoyed
Wonder is you could add sugar and caramelize the relish
Sporting at the goal early
That's my No. 2, and just barely, too.
So jazzed about seeing family and friends this weekend, celebrating Easter, and not to mention chowing down on delicious foods!
Whats Up with Tiger Woods? Why struggling w/consistency? Check for my blog before Tiger tees off on Saturday!
good to see you today!
Bullshit Wenger you lost this by playing Rosicky in CM
HEY GET INVOLVED YOU GUYS ROCK PEOPLESTRING!
haha right on bro, preciate it
We just picked up a new client! Naked Beauty Tanning, prototype location just opened with franchise opportunities right around the corner.
People who have met One Direction more than once, then brag about it for people like me who will probably NEVER meet them, they SICKEN me.
I WILL start &+ finish this AP essay today (:
What matters most is how you walk through the fire
it's so good right??? Wait until season 4. Just crazy.
Took a shot of NyQuil. Going ham with my pillow. Peace out fuckers.
Read your FB post. You know how I am about the swearing thing, yeah I know, total prude, but man on man you are on point girl!
they get fat white girls we get all the other girls lol
Happy birthday ! Love you best friend!!
Get your TAN ON!!! *Specials TODAY* Buy 10 tans, and get 5 FREE!!! Purchase any lotion over $60 and receive two FREE weeks of tanning!
260-224-2443. Text/call me if you want(:
I hate the CUSTY that makes good $$ but wants a gram every 3 days instead of just getting more. "Just a $20" ugh
Just stopped at the Kroger in Morehead Ky. Instantly saw someone I knew.
Sleeping Giant tonight!
Epictetus~ Man is troubled not by events but by the meaning he gives them.
Tests, tests and more tests
forever alone.....
asdfghjkl; next time I'm making sure you make an asshole out of yourself!
So disappointed to see Tigers finish at Masters. NOT!!
Haha thanks ^.^ You're awesome!
Jane mentions #BuddyPress, and says that is working on working on getting it to work with regular WordPress. Cool!
Video game tester jobs are readily available!
Good advice from Michael Hawley: "You need to be more playfully engaged -- not only can you afford it, you cannot afford not to."
Congrats to out of Texas A&M on her selection in the WNBA Draft today!
Australia's lucky to have you and boys there! Can't wait till you honor LA with your presence <3
Progress, not perfection :)
D Thanks for the RT
I could really use a caffeinated water right now... If theres such a thing. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
and what are they supposed to do? Another moron....bravo
hey hey hey!:)
When at the gym the mirror can be your best friend or your worst enemy.
Without a doubt, we can, and we will :)
Can you follow so I can send a DM?
Rain :c
MT : Thanks to all who came out to #showb tonight, esp , , , , &
Tonight is the night. See you for our Fashion Week After Party.
Congrats to Rufus & Jenny Triplett of Prison World, Ebony mag's couple of the year!
I drink good vodka. Beer is last resort when vodka not available. At least Landshark is a step up from Coors and Bud Light. IMO.
will be closed on Monday, 7/4. Wishing the Robins School Community a safe & happy 4th of July!
That's literally my establishment. Spend some strange nights thete
Just because i know you doesn't mean that i'll be following you.
Anymore numbers with questions&ill answer your question&which IB looks best with?!
Great turnout to the UCLA, Cal, UCSD Picnic at GasWorks Park in Seattle sunday! 150+ Alumni & friends.
"Yea, from the table of my memory / I'll wipe away all trivial fond records, / All saws of books, all forms, all pressures past"(1/2)
Here's a Larry McCarthy ad... listening going solo know lots of folks following his lead
Holy crap. Today is the last episode of #DesperateHousewives. EVER. I think my life just might end.
with all the player/coach movement, and I don't know the investigation, but no other teams with similar involvement?
#ThoughtsDuringSchool please shut up you're annoying me
Black Swan... a dark & beautiful film
I swear im thirsty feel like im rey pass out.
Clipped hair up quickly to get it out of the way & DH complimented it & said I looked like a Fraggle.
Is your man taking care of his skin? Bring him in to try on mens skin care.
still praying Community goes down, heard you might get into porn as a last option <3
Lord Knows almost complete
Get a room! :D
gulp I will be waging dancemomsmiami tonight at 10 cant wait
dnt be jelly voice of a angle
happy veteran's day!
they got the biggest stewheads on #BGC8... NONE OF THEM ARE BGS
Wow! Why does faith always cross our paths when i feel like its time to go
thegirlmakesbanners shop is DOWN for over 16 hours now. Have contacted you twice about this with no word. Please help!
#HBO #24-7 ... so good. The best. Excellent - all the way around. Hits the mark on every level.
Ok usher has made it a bit better
Game 2 tonight, Blues need to even the series back up
Speaking of Harvesting, did you ever play Dune? I harvested so much spice. So many spice harvesters lost to sand worms...
Ever wonder how 7 Figure gifts happen? They happen because #fundraisers who solicit these donors have adopted the right mindset & paradigm.
OMG THE ICE-CREAM TRUCK!!! #Hialeah <3
Funding for Kingsboro psychiatric will remain in budget. Assemblyman nick perry tells ny1 "the brackets have been removed."
I freaking love you, mayne.(:
so, it's really an issue with (or about) effectiveness, then, isn't it? rather than difference of theft v piracy.
Happy Thanksgiving !!
congrats. We had five AP awards as well.
Runyan canyon...steep side all the way
Agreed! : Great company at dinner tonight
Randy Jackson, your mother's sister is very ill I know her
Congrats, Hakim! Well deserved!
where are you now Coach?
Fabulous! Breakfast at Uncle Mike's, lunch at Capt. Mike's, coffee at Common Grounds (best coffee ever!!) & shopping!
Dear God the O's are unbelievable
missed u again this morning!
Design needs more stories.
maybe a good mid major...like Butler or Gonzaga...one day.
To nap before night shift, or watch the #Hoyas crush WVU?
alright jai brooks is fucking hot
#youknowtheycheating if its always an excuse as to why you cant chill
ill think about it
interesting. So what's the next move?
Great C.S.A.(casting society of America) meeting in NYC last night. Thanks Kate!
ain't no stopin the storm that's coming!
chilling at Rallys , Wassup wit you
I love everlasting gobstoppers, thank you
South St swag! First stop...Jamaican food!
The #FlopOfFame has an entire wing dedicated to the Boston Celtics! RT : All celtics
I know.
I LOL'D! Haha And I'm guessing that someone is you! Do you like the drive thru or Just chillin inside?
Jonny Muller was telling me how good it was. It may be my new guilty pleasure show since gossip girl has sucked this season
Y'all spam me! I guess in the least fav body part!! :'(
Taylors do what they wanna do. For me personally I pride myself on doing things that are different,unacceptable and weird.
lol malick got his mama buyn him a nike shirt lol she reading all the shirts to him we just in the background laughfn
Philippines Research <U+2665> for History MUN Makes me think of Julian Lmaoo!
5 weeks until Florida :)
Attn RW trolls. I don't mind a civil debate. However, when I get the better of you, don't get personal. You'll be blocked.
RT : Want to volunteer at our Craft Beer Block during the North Park Festival of Arts, Sunday May 20th? Please contact......
I thought they canceled that show?
Sending my love to u and Mr. C, I pray he feels better soon.
Hahahahah lmao please stopppop it's better in person I swear! I just have to drive it for 2 yrs until I buy my own;) FWM
feel better.
My grandparents are coming from #DR This weekend the whole famz is coming to the house,should be a nice weekend.
making bean salad in the bowl your parents gave my parents 20 years ago for their wedding! Love u!
PLEASE FOLLOW
I'm in a love/hate relationship with myself right now...
Yupp exactly, she just whipped out a hundred and said keep the change
your Jacoby Jones comment on the podcast was hurtful sir haha
Tweet this MOFO!
sorry Jo Cee ill try harder
I love how after that 10 miler my jaw hurts the most :( :( :(
Thank you! : I saw you guys quoted in the Express! Congrats!
Robert Downey, Jr. por vida and Long named multi-threats tickle my fancy.
What I love about daylight savings is the sun being out this late.
it will be out soon. Still editing. After they approve the cuts, we begin sound/color work. Hope to have it done in 2-3 weeks
Its like 2008 all over again, The G-men beats the #patriots again. 6-2, NFC East leaders the NY #giants. Way to go Eli!
you're welcome ma'am!
Going to watch the movie The Help, I hope it's good!
Such an early game in the middle of no where
Going to the 7th and the Phils are hanging on to a 5-3 lead.
I wish would freakin come over.. But, he hates me. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
It's feeling like a Cleveland summer right now. Tank top on watching the game life is chillin right now.
hm, could I get dismissed for tweeting that I have jury duty?
Should I buy a book about the Venezuelan beer industry and its memorablia?
My resume will be a reflection of my dreams soon enough.
what? Lambert won the UCL in a brilliant Dortmund team, was a marvel at Celtic and done wonders with Norwich.
Did you know Dick Clark? Sometimes he had 5 dogs at a time! Rest in Peace to a dog lover extraordinaire. Via
Our cereal supply is running low. Please help by donating cereal or hosting a cereal drive! RT and help us feed Portland families!
Booked Thursday night ,and wednesday night. Practice today
Follow back gurls
thank you :)
Follow Giftedchic and I will def follow u rite back ;)
what an awesome view!
OK, I have my ticket for the express, on with the show.
no doubt he's off to a slow start but so is the whole team....I think I agree with DD they should hear up with the weather....
Don't wake up at seventy years old sighing over what you should have tried. Just do it, be willing to fail, and at least you gave it a shot
are you okay? :/
<<<PEANUT! I'm about to come scoop you! What planet u wanna go to?
RT Man f%*k this game. I need them JETS runnin ova Ben Rapelisburger in my field of vision right about now.
Lazy Sundays are the best!
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves when they ask questions on something I do. Like "omg since when did you like/do this.." STFU, its my life.
One of The Things I Appreciate Abt - The Dude Exudes Positivity. :)
Well.... I still bleed orange and blue.
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #24hours !!!!!! LEGGOOOO 51
I think she hates me now.
Hi there handsome! :)
3 Men and a Little Lady ... So good
I love it - a digital pack rat! I'm totally "borrowing" that phrase :)
Big A done got brand new on me! Lol j/k :)
I guess when you live around here its different than when your visiting. I Opened an O'Charleys here and the people from Nash
Congrats to on winning a Pulitzer! Keep up the great work.
Oh shit, it's Friday.
it was actually great! Good group, engaged, smart questions... AND they gave me flowers. #RIT rocks!
It's the only chance he has at actually getting on base. RT Lean into that, Beckham, it's really the least you could do.
Canada says it is withdrawing from Kyoto Protocol pact on climate change... They for one WELCOME global warming !
so cute, you two!
Night Flight
So your cousin works in a similar building @ Ft. Bragg in NC?
probably not the greatest idea
Inventors needed!!! Looking for cutting edge ideas to market!!! Please call for appointments!!!
Love the enthusiasm and excitement in the room. Everyone is ready to participate and jump right in! #tedxusc 2012
Watching talk about The Cove & project Merlin The way PBS stations distribute their programming nationally.
When them doors go up all u see is the hustle
If Greg Brown didn't have such a "shticky" pitch type delivery with his words I'd take him more seriously.Still a classic baseball voice tho
Press conference to announce results for Project 25.
Hey, have you noticed the new red button on our web page? Have you seen what happens when you click on it? Give it a try!
My boys come before a lot..so if you can't vibe wit em you can't vibe wit me
stop starting stupid shit ... u are not harley ....
can someone explain to me WHY people use auto responders? They are completely impersonal - I unfollow people when i get them.
haha my sister found it on tumblr
Don't say you miss me when it's your fault I'm gone ...
great, hope you enjoy! iPhone version coming out soon, to make universal app for same price
Do I want to know what a "fudge monkey" is?
Whats up with these racial TT recently?
hey, we were there too. Great day. Hope you enjoyed the live music.
For Nothing :D
off to NYC tuesday to see my NY Rangers put the hurt on the Blackhawks...then hittin Atlantic City with my boyzzzzzzz
did you see the bourbon that i bought on fb? if you're in virginia anytime soon, you should come try it
Omg the stress some people cause.
You should wash that raw #meat down with a #pint of concrete.
HELP with my title. YA Novel about teens climbing Everest. Everest OMG! Teens on Everest OMG! Open to all suggestions.
Helpful #groceryshopping tip- stay around the perimeter of the store. The inner aisles are typically loaded w/ processed foods!
<3 We bite hard!
hello! All is well here bud! How r u?? :D
Hilarious. I saw this yesterday and posted on my FB page.
and Nial are just taking over the U.S right now!! <3
glad to do it. We had a blast! Come back any time.
You good brother?
that was the BEST episode a bit upsetting ,
Hi Yoni. I enjoyed your piece on NANTA. Do you have a link to when the performances are taking place?
Exactly! Chop chop, Joshua!
That chick you can back pack with in "EUROPE", Then while on the plane ride back, turn to her and say "Hawaii Next"?
Everything always happens for a reason, don't worry I'm still here
Let's just do this.
That sounds great nice to see you at whole foods this evening. i will figure out where we met before, one of these days. :)
thank you, I've heard the crowd gets loud!
#Retweet The next 100 followers will get an autograph by me! So please suggest followers and I promise you, an autograph will be heading ...
Daily Giveaway: Send a tweet using #RawnatureBodyTreats for a chance to win an 8 oz jar of my Buttercream Body Wash. Good luck!
Watch out next week 4 a new fun #Tarot competition on the www.tarotspeakeasy.com blog - dare you discover if u r a Tarot Saint or Sinner?
You should go! LA Coliseum :)
Awesome, man. RT : My mother, a veteran, is now volunteering to help other veterans in need. Super proud.
Pay any price to stay in the presence of extraordinary people. - Mike Murdock
That's right, girl!
To sin by silence when they should protest makes cowards of men.
is up working on #photos from the MBA BBQ.
made some nice little pictures.
Still on for 5:15 tonight?
If taking orders from a billionaire doesn't convince you he's interested in helping just the rich, nothing will.
I love Mama D's - dinner in Newport.
At Magic Mtn. Today 4 a friends Bday. Ate half a Funnel cake and already have regrets. Funnel cake and orange soda do not a breakfast make.
wow haha I haven't seen that show in a whilee
Man Thomas is standing on his head making saves tonight! Come on Canucks! Ya gotta figure him out.
#LessAmbitiousFilms Half Plastic Vest
thanks! I did it! Packed class:) had my mess ups but got right through it!!
he needs to get singed like asap! his voice is AMAZING! and i loved it when he sang pray :'( that songs amazing<U+2665>
Interface for Latino art archive is really friendly and looks gorgeous! - what software is that?
S/0 for still doin it n putting on for
Brand new Jamie Sadock group just hit the floor! Visit the #Golf Shop for all your on and off course
Annoyed at 99% of everything and everyone. So yes, I'm probably annoyed at you.
What a great finish! Now I'm even more excited to go to tomorow night's Brewers game!
#TwSIG Explain the dot before the again. How can you use this? = to you. .= public
Street date set for May 22nd. Mark your calendar.
Friday Night Live @ Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar-Mark & Pablo flamenco, rumba, latin grooves. 7:30-11:00pm. Wine specials all night !
31 points! R u kidding?! the heat should be put in the championship automatically now that d rose is injured there is no more competition
Woke up with my right eye swollen, who tf knows
Interesting a succussful supply sider in Sweden.
I guess you didn't have clear eyes, full heart because you lost
youre the funniest dude ever!
new logo design by is complete!
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer.
Thanks for the RT!
A non-catchy press release can cause a great story idea to be ignored simply because the person receiving it won’t instantly see the story.
Someone needs to update me on this fight! Team Cotto!
Or do you breeze by it?
Thx for response. It's interesting noting the reactions in media differ based on location. Still workin out how I feel about UK
yeah. Lol, what bout you?
Are you twitter stalking me and reading this? answer me!
#Mariners beat the #Tigers 3-2. M's scored all 3 runs in the 9th inning. John Jaso sac-fly RBI was the game-winner.
Hey Steven, you too!
RT : Joe Squared's Irish pizza, with corned beef . . . I tip my tam to ya. Thank you on behalf of guests
If you use your lips, it better be on me.
you're welcome
|#quotes Before you can really start setting financial goals, you need to determine where you stand financially.
how's the car holding up?
If u wise u think bout shit before u say it
thanks for the suggestions, folks. wins for politeness, wins for craftiness and wins for, well, fuck you-ness.
according to my boy it could be an attachment too
Uploading a new video in 30 mins!
my phone is acting weird. Tweet me
i rocked the all american shirt yesterday
thanks! Enjoy your day.
- who do you think is the best rookie QB in the NFL just now?
Hubby was just telling me history last night! Def piqued my interest!
It has been said that we don't see things as they are, but we see things as we are.
I am also having a difficult time wrapping my brain around MJ's death. It all seems so unbelievable. Like a dream. God Bless!
It's "Rebel" dear... Rebel *
Good morning! Tomorrow is Friday! As a #smallbusiness owner, do you have a roll model? If so who and why!
you're adorable.
Okay this japanese boy band has crazy hair u think the bieb's has the hair...this one guy has hair like beyonce I'm confused...
look at the bright side: Now your workspace has a citrus scent!
but you can't hahaha
#OneThingIDontLike one direction.
Hi Pastor Al God bless you. When do you personally give service and at what time at VOSD? Looking for a church... TY God bless.
ill text you tomorrow my man!
happy 100th birthday, fenway park - one of the happiest places on earth!
love this line by & definitely feel in my own life! "A key digital literacy is how you manage distraction"
My Willowbrook High School #choir buddies are on tour in Washington DC - I hope you all have a wonderful trip!
I think undisclosed friends dog just eat a vodka infused pineapple
How many new versions of Flash Player comea week?!?! I'm tired of this sh*t
Getting my hair blow dried and styled for the Bachelors & Spinsters ball tonight! Excited to get glammed up and party...
So true! RT First number sets the anchor... If you put your number out there, you take control of the anchor.
they all count the same.. Still early though
RT <U+2766> "When the POWER OF LOVE overcomes the Love of Power, the World will know... P E A C E" ~Jimi Hendrix
Thx! RT : Can't wait to eat again with you all. Always a treat to eat there.
where is the Kool Aid <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Happy Friday! :) <3
With today's reports, House District 7 and 9 in the Florida House have removed from "slight Dem" and put in the 'toss up' category!
same, how are you?
i love you im trysten will you please follow me
"Justice is being distorted for political ambition," says Paul Pfingst re: Sweetwater. Mr. Pfingst, same could be said about Arlie Ricasa.
The Shelley House is believed to be the first reinforced concrete residence in Baltimore.
guess where I'm going in 10 days ?! NANDOS !
Started watching this movie for my english class and passed out only 30 minutes into it... woops.
Working at Ida dance today. Still submitting to managers- most I've gotten is everybody is tightening their roster but I'll find it
We're happy if you're happy. :)
what a dick ! lol
You look at with digust like we didn't come from the same motherland
: you are precious!
Facts do not cease to exist just because we choose to ignore them.
Whiney Houston dead at 48; CNN reports J.Hudson to do Grammy Tribute to Whitney tomorrow nite (2-12-12)
we love all of the guesses...looking forward to seeing who the winner is!
this may be late already but i think i wanna go back to school
lovin' it! Though it looks a bit empty tonight.
Thanks for the feedback!
#mcfarland on #assange @ #lpr2011 - usa has had to recall agents in field, cooperation has stopped and trust & intelligence lost!
hey Jacob! I tried to follow you, but there was no link..what's the secret password?! ;) "mixingboard"??! Ha! :)
Are you planning to eat moderately over the holidays? Or just completely let it go?
Head to our neighbor, for #marchmadness RT Garage Doors will be open..1/2 off drinks for the Games tonite..open at 5
Getting ready for Alabama Shakes at the Austin City Limits taping. Can't wait!
My husband has some pretty good Hunger Games jokes. Check out
OMG...CONGRATS TO BEYONCE AND JAY Z! :-) THEYRE PG.
Dang Louisville could be really good next year.
hm btwn yr last place and this theft, sounds unsafe over there. Sorry.
#wordoftheday You carp, I fidget. -Thanks Larry!
I scored some boots and a #freepeople sweater! I'll be sure to wear it 5 days in a row to work. baha
…It almost would rip your skin off.
I agree..in the words of De La Soul "...Yeah I said it..." ala Rock Co. Kane Flow
R.I.P. #Ali #tooyoungtodie you will be missed
APSDaemon.exe is a bitch. Sucking that CPU hard
i think christian bale or daniel day louise would make a great whitney houston.
Try not to sneeze at work whilst eating oatmeal.
oh and before I go out gotta mention my love for p.s. just realized I understand the # @ difference take that twitter tutorial
Looking forward to seeing your future posts on the topic.
coming from a person who blew me off again. Lol... I am just kidding. Safe travels. Yes, LGA is bad.
We are bonding over stolen candy
Today its gonna happen for real I need the real back
Hey Fuji Fans. Join our text club & have our BEST coupons go to your cell. Just text the word "FujiFanClub" to 96362 to join! It's FREE!
Sandless Sandbags.Never build another sandbag for flooding.Green Product. Fast,efficient and environmentally safe
two days until my first winter break as a 9 month faculty member. I can't wait.
Creative day, but brain dead now, time for cup of tea, biscuits and the new Sherlock Homes.
Purdue is giving me heartburn!
First draft of my first interpretive sign finished. Sign writing is hard!
send me your coordinates and I will the tweet you the hell out of there
I was expecting, "I hate you." Your response was so much better! The days you can't think are the worst so good luck!
I understand what you're saying.
An early Happy 2010 to you all. Houston's worth it mainly because of its people. A mostly fine, decent, good tempered bunch.
[I had no desire whatsoever to watch the #goldenglobes -Mais DUJARDIN!!!!!!!!]
Thanks Liz....You officially pissed me off today by treating my friend like crap.
Learn everybody postion so you want get screwed over.
oh theyre alright i suppose.. kind of obnoxious and they hurt sometimes. lol
ahh that's so great! Perfect for you :) and yes we do! I'll be more settled down in a few weeks.
Humanity should educate them self for freedom before is too late.
I'd bang the fuck out of liam hemisworth anyday
thank you. Really looking forward to working with everyone.
The nasty nati
Thanks for keeping us on track and getting us together!
One more giant fbomb just cause I can
that's so not cool, i hate drinking
shout out to #soccer moms, mgrs, trainers, coaches, referee's, scheduler's & everyone else who gives their time to youth soccer. THANK YOU!
Even someone as sour and grouchy as me can't help but smile seeing 1st yr in a suit using a shake weight in the middle of newcomb,
Can we please trend #PrayForLauren? If it trends I will take a pic and show her. It would make her feel better knowing so many people care!
OMG OMG TOMORROWS SCHOOL NEW SCHOOL :(
I bet you anything you want that wont see this tweet and follow me.
The message from our station hosts- it's important for ALL of us to VOTE!
. LOL! I went ahead and followed two days early. I can be a rebel, too.
I support Bieber. But sometimes, you gotta make fun of him. :) Shawty Shawty Shawty Swag Swag Swag Shawty Swag Snow in November :) haha
she was the queen of the night! this is heartbreaking...
Fat Vanessa tells me Willie Nelson smoked a 500 dollar bag of weed.
that's cool
It's hard being with someone that everybody wants
HURRY UP & stop being a tease!
Nobody lives forever, but especially not that homeless person I just ran over
Pretty hype that I'm having my open house with & though!
Its may ! Dollar burgers start today at rookies !:)
I was thinking that too...
i learned today that if you really want something lie really bad. you have to reach out and just grab it because someday it just be gone.
- roger that. I can go find it for myself... your comment has me curious to do a little investigating. Good question on your part
side note I love my mommy <3
I need someone to go watch The Hunger Games with me this weekend .
or maybe I was just having a good day. I kinda set the tone the 1st game! Lol
New phone hmu
Patience is a virtue! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Alam Pro Cleaning Services is an aggressive, highly competitive and value-oriented property maintenance company. We have a strong cleaning …
Party hard don't give a shit!
Justin Has Real Talent. <3
ooh that looks cool! We're definitely visiting Bardstown as my favorite bourbon is HQ'd near there. Thanks for this!
Yay!!!!!!! Go Adele! You so deserve this :D
Nice!!! How was the show? RT : we saw Da Bear's Greg Olsen at zoomanity tonight.
What is the most colorful bird you see at your bird feeder? Ours is the Goldfinch (the man Goldfinch).
lolz every body i no is watching the
It's very hard for a seven year old girl to accept that the cat she has known all her life may soon no longer be with her.
Did the Christmas Special air here?
There are coconut M&Ms? My life...its being summed up in words.
fine. if they haven't run out I'll get you one.
My head is tilted to the right because my left nostril is stuffy.
: I'm dying to know what a "Big Chicken Meeting" actually entails? And why does it need to last 5 hours?
In every real man a child is hidden that wants to play.- Nietzsche.
holla. will probably be in work duds.
Thank u. Love ya and miss u
A good point, well made.
lolz...fuck our lives right now
debating on getting a tumblr
next page please
$find = &$expanded, awww, how cute! hahaha!
Today is going to be a copy driven day.
Who wants their entire tweet read on the radio, make it a good one!
Mirror mirror on the wall who is the baddest of them all ME!
Mixer Match was crazy awesome tonight! So thankful for everyone that was there & all the work that went in to it!
And one more AH flick: Angry Harvest w/ Armin Mueller-Stahl - to anyone who's following this exchange: GO OUT & RENT DVD NOW
I have set my FB preferences so that I am never supposed to get emails about anything from FB. Does FB honor my settings? Not a chance.
Imma Be A Cheerleader Next Year!!! :D
if the product is not made in China then you have no hope of competing.
being a loyal Gunner like we are deserves a reward. SHOW THIS TEXT - you and/or a special some get 50% off any spa service
i need to find more friends that are beliebers :/ most of the people in my high school are haters. its so annoying.
oh, congrats on your poster! I have one, too. We should meet in person at #mlanet12. :)
Timeline going live on my Facebook is the only unlucky thing that happened to me today. WAY TO RUIN MY GREAT DAY, TIMELINE.
Too long a day at work.......ready to leave
#DEDICATEDTO BROKE ASS WOMEN AT BARS..TAKE UR THIRSTY ASS TO THE STORE BUY SOME SMART WATER DUMB BITCH
gabe's titys can beat yours I bet lmao
i wish...tell ma i said waddown
Steve Strauss USA-TODAY-SKLZ Rapid Fire "This product is as simple as it is ingenious. The best basketball practice product in the country!"
Starving but the Rogers guy is here fixing the cable
Wow. Gold star to whoever took the time to develop the "Boss Mode" content for the March Madness video player.
there are going to be hilarious memes about Jason Russel's "public meltdown"
Wondering - how do I find a translator to convert my wall sayings to French...ideas?
I call them April babies cause they fools!
This was awesome - another use for your daylilies: “: Tempura daylily flower stuffed w/goat milk Gouda & lemon thyme
Oh wow. Please ask him/her to post this list of free whores. Could save everyone lots of money!
if u had a heart attack id check ur pulse shedear I wouldn't just take ur dresses n run.
this is just like waiting for you when we would get lunch.
Home to #Phoenix tonight! So so so excited to celebrate with my friends and family at my #bridalshower tomorrow!
thanks not bad from a can huh lol
No drinks for me this St. Paddy's Day - , see what I sacrifice for you?
Do us a favor and tag us in a tweet,telling all your friends why they should check out . We'll tweet right back at ya!
I want the DOK Multitouch tables for our group study area.
I've donated my time here,so many wonderful animals that need loving homes, please consider adoption and make your life better!
hey wats up
Happy Mother's day to all the beautiful, loving and caring mothers out there. I hope your kids are making you feel as special as you are.
Happy Friday wilderness supporters!
PJIII is to RGIII as Big K soda is to Coke-a-Cola
This occasion calls for a cigar and a pint of Guiness
Back from jelenas haha was there for seven hours did nails
I'm missing the USA/Finland game. Fucking dammit. Wish I could've called in sick today. =/
This nigga does not stop dancing
Just let us know!
there's Nothing like good pho.
I need some type of closure
YOOO!!! I GAINED 50+ FOLLOWERS JUST BY FOLLOWING -->>> #NOJOKE!!!! GO FOLLOW HER! <3
gimme deets and who is in it.
Thanks Autumn :)
My dad sat down and watched the video with me(: #ImSoProud Justin BIebbberrrr is gorjoeuuuuuss!
Let's go
TAOM might be the start of a nice little uptrend...
#ColumbusCrew man! Closest team we have. Gotta support the
skintern season is upon us, DC. hide your boyfriends
precious luh brother funny,he be trying to rap nd sht
Quick Tip! If your house floods and important books get wet, throw them in the freezer then call and we will restore them.
have u heard of Kickstarter?
#ThankYou Foundation for your renewed charitable support this holiday season. Your generosity = Justice for vulnerable DC seniors!
just got home
At the game with my honey
The possibility of west coast family travel this summer has me positively giddy. I need this to happen! I need some California.
but then again so was ms.mims talking about how I didn't have friends lol, she's just something else
When you wake up 2marrow mourning...BE MORE Apprechiative and Greatful 4 the things you do Have
Made it to the first chorus and official verdict is New Van Halen single = snoozefest.
oh nothing. just tired as fuckk from lastnight. listening to music. hah. you should like text me or something. im never on twitter
I met this guy and I got his number! ((: He was really cute but he wasn't as SEXY as Mikey ((; No one can compare to Mikey
That's true, I'm happy for Julian.(:
hope u do well <3
new rule=don't eff with good enough.
Is it really nessasary for you to cuss everytime you tweet? Wow you're cool.
I could never remember the how the city election stuff worked and the way you broke it down on VOSD radio...excellent.
tonight just might be a WILD night...might..lol
The NBA is ridiculous Garnett traveled so bad and no call, Ronnie milsaps could have seen that, it's all set up big market teams smh
Watching super bowl halftime show. It's definitely much better than last years' show.
This basketball wives are lame!! Fuck you tami !! You aint nobody !! Im over this stupid hoes
They need to change the name, add brand new logo, develop more edgy, modern campaigns, and partner with a big retailer to debut newness.
daily #dressage tip: do your trot work to desmond dekker's 'it mek', 'music like dirt' and 'the israelites'. gets the back swinging nicely
That I won't Ever change...... IM LIKE A BIRD
THE LONGER YOU KEEP LOOKING BACK, THE LONGER IT'S GONNA TAKE YOU TO MOVE FORWARD.
I am now telling the computer EXACTLY what he can do with a lifetime supply of chocolate.
oh yeah buddy :) , and anytime
At South County EDC Board meeting in National City. SCEDC is a positive force for job growth & getting things done in south San Diego region
the free re-fills are a plus.
you are cuz your the best
well, if I don't, I'm sure gonna make it look like I do for the next 2 days ;-)
haha maybe I been on that mlb but I still got my skills bro
Weekly Ketchup: Kurtzman/Orci to Write The Amazing Spider-Man 2 This week's Ketchup includes news of a new Nicholas Sparks adaptation, ne
Don't have it. :p
HIstory of AirNow program--from worries about how non-experts would interpret air quality info, to smartphone apps .
Late Again *Shrugs*
Thanks for the #FF today! Going 2 be a cool weekend, "Leap of Faith" in LA, munchkings' games, & Chargers Sun! Mon 5am CBS8.com rainy AM.
I arrive tonight. See you dudes tomorrow and beyond!
The average person laughs 13 times a day.
About damn time you joined!!!!
lonngggg day, too much going on
Tonight in her own polite beccaish way....said my face is getting fat.
Spread the word too!
concert for the second session of our high school composers workshop starts in 10 minutes. Look forward to hearing the music!
I missed my dads while they were away - I wonder where they went. But they are home now which makes me happy!!!
I just shaved my legs 3 hours ago and there already growing back!
I posted some points in the game thread. Thought about doing a post on my thoughts on Selig (not the talk) for the weekend.
#health Over the counter nasal decongestants can make nasal symptoms worse when used for longer than recommended.
Hi ! The $17.50 family memberships are only available to purchase in person at the museum on Thursday May 10, 2012.
Some relationships are like Tom & Jerry. They tease eachother, knock down eachother, irritate eachother, but can't live without eachother.
Hey! Some of us just like to start each day with a hearty "Meh!"
Lets hear Champagne & Chickenheadz!
NIAAAALLLL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
haha gee thanks
New music from and It's been a pretty good Monday.
You don't know uh ohh
rest her voice and... browse twets
Great meeting, always good to hang out with the creatives!
Last night in Cortland with my loves.
I hate taylor swift, but her songs are relatable to listen to
jusz got off work,. cant wait till thisz week end its gonna be down man!!!
Free screenings this week: The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel, The Pirates! Band of Misfits, and Touchback.
thanks for the follow! I bought my wife's ring from u guys and y'all were great so let me know if I can return the favor!
San Diego Pride rocked. I am still recovering... now I have to wait until September for Vegas Pride...
thanks for the Dobra recommendation! We went and loved it.
I don't think nachos exist in Europe or even chips and salsa. I miss #mightytaco and
What constitutes a scholarly DH project? Find out tmrw 12:30pm "Criticism in the Digital Humanities"
Forever alone?
All men can see these tactics whereby I conquer, but what none can see is the strategy out of which victory is evolved. - Sun Tzu
Can't find any shit on youtube, everything is getting pulled!
Looking towards galleries on the west coast..........Suggestions
a couple days late on this, but I'm inspired by my sister the (now two-time) marathoner and my ironmen friends. well done!
neither, we're all losing.
Blackmon: 1. keep doing the good you're already doing.
Alberta's Last Thursday ends at 10pm. Please respect! You don't have to go home, but you can't stay in the street!
“: #YoMomma so fat the Sorting Hat assigned her to the House of Pancakes.”
probably the coolest dude in pro sports .. what an offseason
Its funny how you think you're gonna beat me, LIKE NO.
How about my cover for number ten? www.trisefbook.com
that's it?? Wow. That sucks!
Ah, got it.
Again, it might have been changed in the Random House pb release. That's something an editor should have done, at least...
Great! Have fun! RT : Last minute changes: I'm pulling out the razzle dazzle & covering the #HHAwards tonight 4 !
76ers better beat the celtics tonight <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I thought Dwight was going to travel there
New Benny today at the Ballpark!Del Mar Lump crab,asparagus,lemon vin on a corn griddle cake,eggs,cream cheese hollandaise & romesco sauce!!
Wait when Cindy says birthday card...which one was she talking about
At any given moment you the power to say: "This is not how the story is going to end...''
Inspirational moment from KCMinistry, "And in all things,whatsoever u shall ask in PRAYER, believing, u shall RECEIVE it"..Matt21:22
TV Roundup: Is Jaleel White Behaving Badly Behind the Scenes of &#39;DWTS?&#39;
I need you to pick up our dinner next.
Wanna play where the pros play? Mavs Court of Dreams for the 2011-2012 season...... we're accepting deposits for Mavs Fan Experiences!
its the other way around, aouli was about to bang on hanaa but i held her back
"The Hang On-ers!"
That is 1 of our procedures, but ... :) RT : I don't suppose you'd do a breast augmentation for me
the great khali
#xfactor shame on you Nicole, shame on you. It was SO obvious but you wilted. Rachel - you blew us away, sweetie!!
da djembe is fragile!! Don't hate! (;
Breakthrough in Puerto Rico! Fun, yes, but we are building a new school here as well! Leave it better than when we came!
Reading the most amazing book - "A Framework for Understanding Poverty." Should be required reading for
and baby everything i have is yours, you will never go cold or hungry, ill be there when you insecure.BEST SONG EVER MADE! <3
Watching water boy :)
Goodnight :) sweet dreams
Check sheet and fixed/replied to your email.
That's what it's all about yo! RT : oh ppl helpin ppl :-)
Shouts out to my little bros its their 18th birthday!...I love u guys...woot woot!
This is a really moving story and subject, and it's an issue that needs to be addressed and fixed ASAP
When you make a new tweet, twitter should change "What's happening?" to "VAS HAPPENIN?!?!???!??!"
his answer: turns out that whole process is really productive! (the production of various forms of power, that is)
Ten years from today, in Wisconsin, we will be celebrating "Mason Crosby Day" (2/22/22). cc:
"Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase. Just take the first step." ~Martin Luther King Jr.
this person is or why she's doing it. The stuff she posts is absolutely foul. I'm not taking
Cowboys making moves. LOVE IT!
Rice&beans, pbj, chips &salsa, chips & queso, lucky charms, vanilla coke and Cognac combine and create bubble guts
I will have a 5 dollar shake!
sleeping. Haha you?
Please withhold questions until after inning ends // RT : How the hell is it only 1-0?
is the place to be Jacksonville right now! It's The Livest Outdoor Old School Party around, if you can appreciate it!
: I got 3 pieces yesterday & they call it member communication. Why would entrepreneurs & innovators be drawn 2 this message?
-- Eh, maybe ... do you need starting pitching that bad?
Wishing all students a great first day back after Spring Break!
Right when I though someone liked me... He doesn't why would he who ever does NEVER!! I'm done
one of his best songs
honored“: #FF Awesome photographers edition: ”
that soulmate revelation occurs 2 min after the signing bonus is received. Its a miracle! AMEN!
NCAA Football starts in 4 days. Join us on Thursday 9/3 for great matchups like Villanova vs Temple and Oregon vs Boise State!
but then she's never going to shut up about me not showing up!
Realize this is first time seeing my hubby in tails & white tie. So handsome. Show's about to begin.
I don't know how Derek Fisher's still doing it, but he is executing some absolutely inch-perfect pick n' rolls tonight for the Thunder.
Q87.7 chicagos underground alternative. I don't think Gotye is alternative really...
Does anyone out there watch #DanceMomsMiami? I'm a new fan now.
I'm at 70 followers, which is kind of exciting.
nah You're not dumb.
I think I thought I saw you try... But that was just a dream, that was just a dream
If politicians would simply do their inner work, work through their insecurities, fears and egos, they'd work together for the Greater Good.
no I am definitely lucky! Good to meet you!
Hmm. Stab my eyes with a screwdriver or read the comments section of the Journal Sentinel Scott Walker "God has a plan for us" article?
fight me.
ha matt mesigue!!
Will be running at Lapham Peak in the morning. Will be nice with the rain.
RT : New blog post by iOS Tutorial Team member : How to Make a Turn-Based Strategy Game - Part 1...
i need a pint glass like that one that gives me kitty cat whiskers! (didnt mean to tweet that from !)
The truth is....life is so, so good.
American panini for lunch
.: “Analytics have always told us ‘the what.’ Social now tell us ‘the why.’
Hey Bryan! Good to hear from you.. here's your follow!!
I need to be eating a lot more than I am. I'm not sure how I'm even keeping up 200+ pounds.
Thank you!
lol the things girls do for attention smh
I like saying hello to Zombies !
What is going on #superbowl #XLV #CAMERA MAN DOWN !
Unfollow this pagee it got hackedd follow my new one for an instant follow back!
Yeah, that's what I ended up doing. Not quite the same. Thanks for lookin' out, though. 'Preciate it!
Who is Sue Burke?
Maybe you're a mole. Do you have shovel-like hands and beady eyes?
You've got more natural acting talent than most of our generation. Ur' expressions r always perfect w/ ur' Character's situation
..They Only Want You When You're 17, When You're 21 You're No Fun.. -Ladytron
I saw Ryan when he was in The Bigger Lights. He's hilarious I love that kid. Anyway I'll see what I can do. :D
chilling out side in the sun awaiting an awesome #BBQ cuz the weather here in #MAINE is so beautiful
Maclin had a silly week
I'm sure we will, it's gonna be a huge party!!
thee truth! RT: By changing nothing, nothing changes.
Michigan v UVA- check. I think that I have a ticket. Should we check with or or @???Monty?
You couldn't walk a mile off in my air forces if you from where I'm from gotta get it how you live
How is having nominees paired up oddly to cover older acts material likely to result in any musical magic? Celebrity karaoke is not art.
Keep It Simple Stupid...Clean your neck before passing..newb
Clearly #RVA has more cougar dens than we were each aware of before this evening.
the patio is open but not quite finished. Renovations should be done soon. Thx for asking.
Today I had Fried Oreos. It was everything I've ever wanted in my whole entire.
"...distracters in the system that divert 'teachers'..." I would tend to think "Administrator" would be a better word choice.
Both valid arguments. I wouldn't have to go through the hiring process, of getting a personal driver.
Miami will never win a championship with this "Big 3". Not happening.
I watched New Years Eve and all I could think was "coo rider" lol
Evening John, hope all is well tonight..
RT : RT : Celebrate 7 days of BEER with $1 beer all week !!!
drinkin free booze thanks to mack wine haha! thank you jesse!
Have a new show coming soon for motorheads. Follow
a word of advice, turn the phone sideways when taking pics.
people are always gonna have their opinions of you, thats what makes success even greater
I'm OK with it. Duke alum.
I'm ready for my bae to be here!
Good productive day getting people to the polls . not much success with youngeer voters
Rough work, iconoclasm, but the only way to get at truth.
Thanks, Mark! Got an early present in the form of an offer on my second book. Hope things are great in WA.
#ShoutOutToTheGirlsThat don't get on my nerves
Pretty shitty out
in the lab workin on hits and gettin ready for the biggest ungerground birthday bash ever Room
I had G talk for like a second then removed it from my phone, wasn't interested, hehe
my tweeter fans have been asking about my book. i promise i'm still working on it - except i must add a chapter on starting a talent agency.
good ole Chevys :)
Any experts in I's Millennium Data Exchange module out there? (need to make a newly-created load profile appear in the drop-down menu).
Sounds like you need to make some more money before heading back to Winstar
So happy right now.
awesome movie about aliens & human being. astrobiology at it's finest! marine biology, life & chemistry! Aliens of the Deep doc
<U+270A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> keep it G daddy-O
RT Uli's Sausage delivering 3000 lbs of sausage a day to Leavenworth. #iconG Tasting some now. German brats (Nürnberger!), Polish and more.
I finally realized that I can't get you off my mind <3
Check out the site, we've got the Giants/Braves series recap plus a new section called "Featured" on things you should know.
happy birthday!!
Thanks to all my new followers at home & abroad. Really looking to expand an already great network of brilliant ppl
The haunting is SUCH a boring movie! I wanna see the Avengers!
FYI: our site is designed for orgs to setup profiles and connect as well! Feel free to setup a "KidsNeedTheArts" account!
"I can't drink this coke without a straw!" -Wesley Wingo, on
literally crying at these last few episodes of dance academy :'(
#ThatAwesomeMoment when your Itunes is on shuffle and every song that comes on is likable!
Don't worry my true friends will always be my family...but we might have to see each other next reunion
I have a client who I'm bring to AV tonite, if any hot girls want to come, please call/text me at (310) 971-3346 asap for walk in time.
I'm ready for your version of 'the decision' RT My Verizon contract has expired. Thank God. I am now a wireless free agent.
I loves me some Queens Of The Stone Age!
Need High quality custom graphic designs and printing services at a low cost? Email
Sending Flowers? Ask florist not to leave on porch if it is too cold for florals.
If you're missing your phone, please visit the front desk in the lobby. Hotel security has it!
By the way, I think is gorgeous.
If not, it's perfectly fine to politely tell them enough is enough. Remind him he's healthy, but its time to go about the day.
UGH! I just failed the biology test. :P
fine my ashma has been bad today but i did amazing in volleyball(:
you should go! I'm goin for sure. Why you up so late??
I'm good
Back home from kicking it with moms. Love spending time with my moms
Love it! It's adorable :)
Could you like only have the right to vote once for Austin?!
Felton also said he'll miss Memphis game to attend uncle's funeral. Plans to rejoin team for Spurs & Jazz road games next week.
yes indeed Grown Folks Music lol# random
Congratulations to Raman & Marlene on their upcoming #wedding in #Miami. We look forward to hosting you and your families this weekend.
Hahahaha! Get off me !! RT : If wants to continue being my friend he needs to step his Gucci Game up! Lmfao
sometimes when i feel sad, i listen to slow songs, and i start thinking too much -___-
Preach, ha ha RT : I'll rather Lose to da THUNDER by 30 than lose to da Pacers at Home...hahahahaha
stay strong like Demi
Gotta admit, "The Dictator" looks pretty freaking funny.
Glazed ceramic tile provide an easy-to-clean decorative medium for kitchen and bathroom floors and walls.
Hey, just seeing this. Congratulations! Hope you're celebrating like crazy.
Well fine then be that way:|
Go Team Fatty!
please,follow me and tweet me? I'm your fan.. I love you so much Jeydon )= your musics is perfect
S/o to our new follower The models of Divine Adonia thanks you for your support
Thanks for enjoying Querry!
ong, these boys (;
haha good luck!
Screw Rush Hour 2nite 5-7 $4 apps, half priced premium well drinks, draft beer and select wines. Start the weekend off Rockin'
O he say she ain't got no nipplllleeesss
Sexy Dr.Susan Block talking about sex & anything kinky on my show Wednesday May 4th 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
Ok Ill keep you posted! My Dad just gave me an iTunes gift card last night so maybe Ill use that if I need to.
doing ok FAM... how are you
Proper way to ask for time off. "I need to take a personal day or whatever we call it. I can't work today." /cc
Welp moving on Friday the thirteenth was not the smartest decision.
Did I hear the word "pints" mentioned? :)
I've burned my hands 3 times today <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Today in #Bway histroy: 1954 - Julie Andrews makes her Broadway debut in Sandy Wilson's The Boy Friend.
Same planet different latitudes right? Thanks for the luck and look forward to your tweets.
dah so cute cathy!! no really again today :)
Remember when it was called "roughage" instead of "fiber"?
Please follow me back!!!! Im your biggest fan, you are the man!!!
I'm telling you, follow , especially if you live in or near the #90065. A lot of programs coming up.
Paul from wonder years for Prez!
Agreed! #Tacky RT ": Kickers with tatts = no, no"
You love to dance to it. We love to play it. Just Wanna Play is our name, and our motto!
what you meen ??? Googly tweets ???
When is true #RandB gonna come back?!?
it tasted like someone forced a bacon cocktail.
Alright Huskies. Let's do this.
Your hair is gorgeous
Wow, I got to sleep in till almost 10 today! Morning Freaks!!
#ESPN totally dissed the Rickie Fowler highlight. Was supposed to be after commercial. Never showed it.
lol well your driving
I bet you that's not a snapback though
VENUE CHANGE! Our "Featured show of the week" Sandrider/Dogshredder/Monogamy Party and Brokaw are playing The Highline now!
that makes no sense.. And why'd you put a pig?
#mediachat starts in 1 hour! Tonight’s guest is on the topic of Social media management, from engagement to analytics.
LACI Exec Dir Walti: We are an economic development engine. That's what cleantech incubator is all about.
ouch. haven't been serenaded by jon bon jovi for a while.
yeah, its a nice change of pace lol.......thank u though
Just show the 10 baskets the Cavs made tonight against DET. RT : We're firing up the #SCtop10 room & need YOUR suggestions!
i also hope it !
Hooray for sleeping in tomorrow!
Ugh probably gonna be grounded this weekend Oh well YOLO so just have fun while you can :)
Time flies when you're having fun! Tweeting from New Jersey
AFTRA & SAG members if u haven't voted find that ballot and send it in and vote YES for our future. It's in our hands.
All I want is to plant a victory garden.
Drove 6 hours to see the O's vs Red Sox at Fenway and gets rained out,now what to do with the tickets?
I can't tell you how it ends & spoil everything... but it's brilliant & wonderful and so good!! #Loving ;)
ask about that football I just threw him. Sign me up for #NFL.These new meds got me out here like MVick meets IronMan.
In Georgetown with the blasting Project Pat. This is pretty much sums my weekend up lol
Cirque de Soleil was lovely!
Craving Red Lobster...
Heading to #outsidelands this afternoon
">>" usually means "much greater than," not "leads to." Maybe "->"? Same # chars.
Want to avoid the masses of First Friday? Than get Downtown TONIGHT for Preview Thursday!!! 18b & Fremont East will be a rockin...
Congrats Bert, yer Awesome!
I am going to laugh my ass off when the don't make the playoffs. Their fans talk so much shit for not winning the division.
nice win. Instead of playing invest your BR in other players. See if they can book u a win. Might have a better shot lol <3
no, don't think so because I gave it a third try .. lol headache!! J DDDAAA A AA .. is when my headache starts
BREAKING NEWS: Snooki Is Pregnant. I wonder if the baby will come out orange and with a pouf.
Go home.
Due* your* RT “: When people recognize you in public do to you're success on the field >>>>”
Everything is going great for me...can't complain with the beautiful state im in.......Florida!!!!!
Kind of slow out here today. Glad I could contribute to that.
Me & are Nathan's BMX tricksters. GET OUT OF OUR WAY BITCHES
It's also cool when you look over and see someone who loves movies as much as you. we can recognize each others looks of anticipation
JUST WANTED TO SAY I LOVE YOUR HAIR ;) lol
New project: Online music magazine called P.I.G. Pods. Companion to playlists at Spotify. Playlists open on 10/24/11. Follow
what about me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Great photos!
The rangers
My little ass walking in 90mph winds just dosent work.
How about unbirthdays? ;)
At groovy meetup in Arlington, listening to talk about DSLs
Just ate some 3-day-old #Mario's pizza so Twitter, its been real.
Worst current rule in CBB: min. 25% scholie rule..it doesn't help anyone, just less kids on scholie now.. Pointless..
My first official tweet! A day I know myself and all 6 of you following will never forget.
SIDETRAIN, SCRATCH, DIGGER, 2HUNERD, Q pretty good crew
i wish i could @ each one of you. YOU MADE THIS HAPPEN! YOU EARNED IT. you guys rock! THANK YOU !!
Monday, you're magnificent!
AT&T service sucks, but I raise my glass to their commercial in the #Rockies game.
He day has finally come. Time to see in #theraven with !! Hope it's all we dreamed it would be!
and Denorfia. Who knew Yonder could run?
subbing in for DJ FREDX tonight. Ready...set...get down.
MUST FOLLOW ALERT! >>>>
SO GLAD IT IS FRIDAY<3
it seems like a really bad strategy to me. Donor fatigue & loss of listeners IMHO
My bestfriend woke me up, so I could get ready, and go to her doctors appointment. >.<
4th of July at laughing Buddha! come in and get some sick ink and poking done. we have new jewelry in.....x
William Fitzsimmons station on Pandora. Yes, please.
I'm pretty sure most of my followers are bands which is pretty cool :)
All I have to say is...
www.kociradio.com harmonica blues: Paul deLay Band, William Clarke, Billy Boy Arnold
So xcited to see the screening of #Wanderlust tonite!
Hate to say it, but I am starting to think Kobe is done. He won't win another ring.
The adoption movie "October Baby" will finally be coming to Roanoke, Virginia this Friday April 13! It will be shown at the Carmike 10!
Watching a tv show about snack food is probably not the best of ideas....
just saw this. Thanks :)
Come support our cause at our "Fit Fiesta" coming up this May 4th. Live Band, Food, Drinks, Auctions, Raffles, Kids Games, Dodgeball Tourny!
Leaving RIC for St. Vincent, tagging along with IHC to provide medical care to local kids. Mondial donated the medical team's trip.
Adornment is as much a part of our tradition as anything, but extensions and chemicals on children? too damaging.
This tip works : Getting into the habit of setting time limits for tasks will keep u motivated and help manage your time.
what is it? My phone is being a Marty Lightner and not working... Not wanting to load it.
fascinating! Is your work geared towards any particular consumer products?
honored to be the last supper <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
lol. I was looking for cling wrap to save some leftovers, and they said they don't use it. Go figure.
#SomeWhereOutThere is a goofy maug taking another pic of himself for Instagram inside with some shades on.
Blah work
Still Kmsl at Laquanda Neal (whoever u r) on Instagram using my AVI! A hot mess, who does that?!?
Get money fuckkkkk fruit snacks
I will try. How do you do an electronic transfer of Karma? Western Union?
Guess ill just finish listening to my music and go to sleep.
Watermelon margaritas. Much better idea in theory than in reality. blech!!
Never take my kindness for weakness.
If you're still around tomorrow, go to Oklahoma Joe's. That's the dive you're looking for. :)
Happy thanksgiving to all :)
Today's shooting schedule: Living room, backyard, toilet, living room
Trying not to act suspicious when passing police even though you're innocent.
Oh sweet mother of Jesus.
Man I miss my girl
The Internal Revenue Service has announced an increase in the optional standard mileage rates for the final six months of 2011.
Fine ass Females lurkin this Summer! Lol.
This week is going so slow
So tired Houston last night daytime party today school in the am thought it was
Can't wait!
It's strange. They are clapping without smiling. Must be an NRA cultural thing.
Everything is never as it seems.
Our correspondence with his girlfriend looks more like mad ravings of the two)))
A joke is only funny when you are the only one who gets it
haha, I think I now see why you were inspired to make CTDV ;D
yea same! And it's a bigger school and u have to find ur classes w/o being late, work harder etc. but I heard there's more(c)
Ahmed: There are differences between cultures and Islam just like a Christmas tree is not a religious symbol
Oh, I don't know about that. It is a pretty good view from up there.
goodnight bruh ,love the avi ...out
I'm being published! Yes. Not even old enough you drive either.
Are you an "artist" jake??
put your cheeks in the beek!
thanks for the tail swish! Happy Wednesday!
i cant add u :(
awesome, thanks!
Is Marshall out as Reds' closer?
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine. Flip Wilson
well im sorry if i'm such a busy woman. haha!
Still back from Spain.
I only saw a little bit
Anyone interested in two tickets to #HHA tomorrow? You'd be sitting with the FABULOUS staff!
"In improvisation, there is no such thing as a wrong note. There IS such a thing as a poor choice." Neil Ardley.
Do you get in glitter fights often? I can see the word "sparkle" being necessary for those.
"Struggle is unskilled behavior." www.budurl.com/QuoteA
Bear Down
Here at the "Interface Technology: Gesture Systems and Beyond" talk with iSchool Prof. Luis Francisco-Revilla!
We hope to keep bringing you great musicians to listen to and try out! Thanks for listenin'!
I can't message ppl who aren't following me. But pry so.
neither both blow budget.
you're hot ;D
#FRIENDS ended 8 years ago today. TODAY. 8 years, can you believe that? They never make shows like that anymore
"The Son of man is come to seek and to save that which was lost."~Luke 19:10
Thank you, Tina! Thanks for watching!
sitting in a social media networking class
doing some more work in th studio...
you get 1 pt per chapter and you can get up to 10 points. deadline is on webcampus calendar
This night holds great memories!.
The funny thing is I didn't even see his post until after I tweeted mine lol
what was that YouTube video you referenced in the beginning of the overdose today? Sounds hilarious.
Anxiety getting the best of me again
There are going to be extraordinary technical advances that put the mobile device at the heart of enjoying live sports events
Back in ILM for thesis defense! The 7 hour drive seemed to go pretty fast...
anyone get the #droid yet? I need to get rid of my blackberry storm as soon as possible, its been a horrible experience
I know Tim Tebow believes that prayer and faith will get The Broncos a win. But in my head, I always pictured God as a Bears fan.
cool so we have awesome visual and awesome flavor as well. Cool!!
You were a big Whitney Houston fan, right?
We're currently hammering out all of the details about our Classic Movie Series and we'll be announcing it soon.
oh not yeah, I wanted to write Hey :D .. haven't heard anything from u 4 so long :) .. well, I'm fine thx .. :) whaddaya doin' ?
I guess that McDonald's diet isn't really working out for ya man
I could totally see you saying those things about cats.
Awesome! :) I'm district 1.
CLUB SOUL... Has a nice ring to it! Think I got a new business venture for you lol!
Six flags tomorrow with the Besties shall be fun.
Don't forget -it's National Burger Month! is doing some awesome stuff for #sacburgermonth!
that gets me to Heaven right?...
RT : PUMPED about earning my first Mozilla Open Badge (OBI) Compliant badge at #2012TCC ... AWESOME learning experience
to many but pick one: Shake Your Rump
Number one goal this year fuck a teacher !
Thank you for the #FF Bill, have a great weekend.
RT In light of the Ashton Kutcher PopChips scandal, I feel obliged to confess that in my AmEx spots I am also wearing brown face
Dreamt I was having dinner with a 300lbs+ man with bad flatulence, woke to really bad cramps. Oh Macaroni Grill you know how to treat a man.
Getting ready for tonight (;
what are you waiting on?
I HAVE ONE TOO<3 its on my left side (:
wearing black today,I'm unhappy,wearing it until I move out of this house,living here makes me suicidal,what color reps suicidal more
lol u got lucky today in P.E...thats y u almost beat me in basketball
42.7% of all statistics are made up on the spot.
cheer up kiddo.
I think it would be dope if decided to follow me today.
Getting a lot of spammy dm's recently...
Somehow u wipe my tears away, forever I hold u close to me
Had Steve Dawkins and Iyad Sawas Bonamour teams in office today, thanks for coming in guys
When you think that you've arrived; that means you've traveled to the wrong place.
Awesome! We need rain. RT : Wow- that thunder scared me! Woke me up from my nap and even set off a car alarm.
and with and Dr. Jill Biden
God assembled me & put me together,, I'm sure that same God can hold me together
Pretty sure I got a 5
#Seau To prevent brain injury, I'd never let my sons play football. #OnFurtherThought I wonder what position Joe Biden played.
Why that face
w00t! RT : Last night was the best night of sleep I had in weeks! Thanks to the guys for making that happen!!
you are full throttle...Help me tackle a dream of hosting #SNL by reposting!!! and then introduce me to one of KP's friends!!!
Preety warm today
lol that's normal though I think. Helps you know where the cuts go!
I DONT CARE TONE IT DOWN WITH THE
Treat each other with love and respect. Show your kids that being happy parents is a good thing.
I think the question is who isn't watching? It's that good!
People still jerk?
Shout out 2 Big Roddy for wreckin that week 3 on the
Liza 'redefines dining elegance' - Gulf Times
she was born in the 80s, she still uses her phone as a phone!
"Show me your hands, Let me wash them clean. Show me your heart. And let me heal you."
Headed to Bdubs with the boys, haayooh.
Congrats to the class of 2012! We did it!!
hate the vibrotto in her voice, like she having a seizure
The new Blonde is going to be African American now the rate of black girls are dying their hair.
JORDY I WANNA BE YOUR SHORTY
where as Africa is an entire continent, yes.
Finally booked a hotel room for New Years Eve far enough in advance lol. What up wraparound terrace suite at the
you should listen to this Hindi commentator, he is super funny!!!.
just stood on a mirror and smashed..amazing.
oh yeah. Bc only follows 80 people...
Great tips on entering the job market from the UW #histsci faculty and students today at our Fri brownbag. Re-cap blog post coming soon!
Hi Matt!! Droppin by to say hi. Hope you and yours are well and, that you're having a great week. Take care and best wishes bro
Thanks for the RT (sorry for the delayed thx)
Have a great weekend!
Happy Thanksgiving, everybody!!!
Heck of a great night. One more final to go.
Those still disgust me. Blueberry Pop Tart + milk.
Your multiupload link for Admiral Beast V.01 is not working can you help?
Awh you rule!!!!
first time user learning about twitter
Thanks man, we appreciate it!
I just want to see the end of Major Payne
he looking good!!! He just caught a Touchdown Over Reed!!!
I dont like the NEW twitter !!!!!
Good morning friends and fans!
I'm gonna have to go to Philly n hang out w some of u
Super Tuesday < Fat Tuesday
is Brandon Roy planning a comeback? Hear from the former Blazer , tonight!
taken from real twitter profile--perfectly sums up half of twitter: "..Keeping it real. I'm a princess. #MVP"
Sports Talk...No East Coast Bias.
Put God First & You Will Get SUCCESS
watching the video now. go ahead Jane Lynch! well done. :)
And my phone is off.
guess what? It's also #leftovers. Repurposed for amazing round 2. And thanks!
That awkward moment when justin bieber comes to your house to give you proactive
You are the best wife ever...I admire u do much! Loved this episode!! :)
I love when kids just feel then need to talk shit about jerry cus of Om&m.
#nisoEbook Holzman metadata critical and even more so fir PDA, big opportunity but how will library manage demand?
...you're doing all that stuff then xD
The announcer called my brother 6 foot 1 and he's shorter than me...
Everything you need for your destiny is within reach. Pray that God will open your eyes to opportunities, people and resources.
Nuclear engineer warns: Keep troubled San Onofre reactors shut down
": PBR has a sweet taste to it"always a good time...
hell yea
Are you in NYC?
Y do girls be frontin
that sounds awesome!
#iLoveWhenYou hate, all it do is modovate
I won't stop until I've made a difference.
Tweet #WTFIMP N ill email u a DOPE unreleased track!
#Heat game is a tad more exciting than #Marlins game.
I have a few of those! Hilarious
Have you heard.... "He who wants milk should not sit himself in the middle of a pasture waiting for a cow to backup to him." Don't wait DO!
Going to the mets at the giants tonight let's go mets hopefully this year I can see the full game instead of one inning
Wanna see a movie for FREE? of course you do, Show this tweet, get a pass for two to a preview of Wahlberg's new movie CONTRABAND, Jan 10th
"The best investor is your customer."
... and a bad day to stop sniffing glue.
so yelling about your vajayjay in Michaels is good? U'r like a krazy Kardashian
I feel pretty crappy. Yay for the side effects of benadryll! :/
Ball so hard doctors wanna find me
look at you back on the twitter train!! I'll miss u next week!!
lmfao I liked your green sweater ;) lololol
Shit, now I remember why I don't listen to sports radio.
what do you think of the Colts new HC.
How's business today? What are you doing that is successful? What are your challenges?
Yeah, what up? Sorry. Had my twhirl turned off.
I hope to hear some legendary stories that weekend. better be there too. I was there last week, Miami this week.
You're speaking at #BizExpo? I just left there!
I can go go go in my hoveround..
you're gonna love it!!!!
Nothin to lose
Loving Life!
RT : "Whenever you see a successful business, someone once made a courageous decision." — Peter Drucker |
I'm so vain... I do Relay For Life just for the exercise.
These females need to learn coming outside with your head not comb is not whats up... Baby get a comb, brush, or a wig
you said u couldnt!
I think there is an AC adapter attached to it RT : How do I know if I have an enhanced drivers license? Anyone know?
Have you read the book?
it's a sad thing. It's still a good country in theory.
Merry Christmas Everyone!!
Thank you! Its so nice to see glimpses of the waistline I used to know. :)
PSA: Shave under your arms before wearing a sleevless shirt ladies..
Three hospitalized after Lunenburg high-speed crash
They're pictures. I'm way behind on pics for MUA and models.
Hayward's shot will instantly become the most famous missed shot in NCAA history.
Most of my life was spent on that freeway. Thank you God for watching over my family & friends. May victims one day find justice & peace.
A new song came to mind and lets just say you will hear it on tv one day :)
Thanks for the follow. Could you cover #ChicagoLocalGuide app that features all foodtrucks' tweets and map at your blog?
if i found out my son was bullying i'd make his life a living hell for months....i'd fill all his shoes with mayonnaise
Listening to WKCR.org play Sonny's music on his 80th BDay today. Newk today and everyday!
Is it normal to still like your ex?
uhmm shouldnt u be in bed!?!
obbssessed with french now!!! i have to learn french. bonjour!
send updated resumes to
I'm at the Doubletree too and armed w/ good parking pass. If u have transport needs for GRN materials, lemme know!
LOVE PRINCETON FOREVA
When you lose, don't lose the lesson. When you get the lesson - you've really won.
Thanks for the heads up! RT : FYI: Rush talking Wal-Mart moms right now
did you get it off any videos ?
what was the code?
Up early to finish my paper for class. It`s not due until 2:30, so I think I have enough time to get it done.
i screamed when i heard they had actually made a scream 4 like the kid in home alone.
I love it when someone tries to hold my baby she quickly turns and grabs on to me shaking her head for no:)
ON THE MOVE-LPL Financial lands $560 mln adviser team
I wish I had a
IKR THAT'S HOW RELATIONSHIPS END WHEN YOU PUT EVERYBODY IN YOUR BUSINESS
Congrats on the new job. This former interned learned a lot from you. Have fun working with Boyd Huppert.
New #LuxeReports coming soon ..
I hate that little triangle on the windshield of your car when it rains that you windshield wipers can't get
So I am so tired, I'm about to pass out for the next 30 minutes.
Blackburn should be the next to go
I LOVE HIM INFITY PRINCETON!
“: Just went out of my way to tell someone they have a really nice hairline.”
Happy Birthday
Can you DM me your email address? I'd like to formally invite you to a Wisconsin Cheese event in Cleveland. Thanks! -Jon
Just got my Spring Coach bag and now you tempt me with your #EditorPreviews for fall. Time to start saving again!
That moment when ur on ur twitter and u see a cute boy so ur like omg I'm gonna follow u then u blow up his picture and ur like WTF...EWW!!!
shut the hell up
Hahahaha! I ate two glazed last night. Halfway through the second one I yelled, "Hell yes!" Hahahaha. :)
where do I e mail snippets to?
The Rachel cocktail moment tonight was the best yet.
my cat scares the shit out of me whenever he paws at my toes
So tired but can't sleep
thanks Daisy! You are awesome.
I'm keynoting it! And that really bums me out that you aren't coming
I thought it was cute. U could add some more drama maybe... r they gonna fall in love? But, overall I thought it was good.
always amazes me with their customer service. With the high bar they set for themselves, you'd think they'd falter. But not so far!
Audre Lorde's Sister Outsider and Computers in Libraries magazine
I dreamed last night that I was enslaved in a human milk factory farm. I think I've been reading too many books about our food supply.
sorry I missed this! Let me check with our frozen buyer and I'll let you know
Good morning!
Look for "hot attic photos" coming soon from your FB friends. :-)
Who wants free tix? We'll give away a pair on 2night at midnight. Just write "I want free tickets to " on your wall!!
Open phone lines! Give us a call at 303-297-1510
Sold out! Goodnight y'all!
Always! Hopefully I'll meet up with everyone at some point...
Just laid out my outfit for today. Yellow Cabi sweater and silver grey pencil skirt. Yup. I said yellow! :)
In Memory -- "LOL yeah, let me get my tools and PPE! RT : Hey! How are you feeling? Ready to get on a roof? :P "
anytime! Hoping to get some of our students involved again this year!
I also wanted to be locked into a phone booth with hihih,would have been nice. Love u Tango! <3
Off with your head, dance till you're dead
Wish I could go to the baseball game but instead, I will be working
Thanks for the follow - sending eco-friendly hugs your way!
Remember that January allday excursion we did our 1st year as Masters students? Talk about middle of nowhere.
S/o cause she so trill!!!Tell sammie i said whats poppin!
Education means inspiring someone’s mind, not just filling their head. Katie Lusk
Obama? That is cheesy!
RT : The pimpin ice cold all these bitches wanna chill <U+E326>
There's 95% chance I'll be going back to Texas this summer :))
He;s here finally I missed him to much
plans for eve? care to join a group of us for drinks/dinner?
don't we all...enjoy the weekend.
Bahja (i think)
Who's excited for the Grand Re-Opening and 1-Year Anniversary party tomorrow?! Food, prizes, classes, and competitions!
I'm doing my job i dont care what people think about me
Fuck all the damn things.
why am i still working right now?!
Follow !!! Pushing creativity to new heights!!
thanks for the RT! See you tomorrow!
Yay jordan put the shirt I wanted from the blackout forever tour online.
Hold mah dick!
You know my Mommy Lauren. I think.
The tweet almost makes more sense if you reverse Ella's and my ages, doesn't it?
Burriss might also be a better bunter than Bumgarner, as well.
it is hard not to feel like you view the death of someone i cared about as a convenient advertising opportunity.
Hey guys :3. Just passing by to show some love (myspace status, lol). Stay Mindless. -Arlene <U+2665>.
Hey A, in your travels of the web, have you come across an ilustrator--one who could draw a kids book?
#Obama Raises $25.7 Million, 43% From Small Donors
I thought I heard geese, but it's our neighbor exploring our backyard with his metal detector. I'm surprised I didn't guess that.
Ready to Forum? We are!
Headed home from work I got a Skype date with my love ;)
you know..i wouldnt mind you just pressing my follow button!!
me too!! Miss u! Can't wait!
Dulles South Youth Football will HELMET-FREE-TACKLE Certify entire program for 2nd year in a row. Leadership & Accountability in action
Your children's reliance on rigidity & routine helps them to predict & manage
The worst part about traffic is that you can't pick your nose because people are stopped next to you, bored and staring.
Jo and Laurie. I bawl every time they don't end up together.
Ceremony dedicating carving of #civilrights icon #RosaParks underway at
Ugh... dont freaking know what to do. #stressedout #alone!
what kind of car are you looking for? I got a Honda Insight and I absolutely love it
choosing to get motivated this a.m :-)
FINALLY broke a million points on
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it.
RT If you need Maguire's Meatloaf today!
I can see it now.... hundreds of queer youth in DC doing a flash mob demanding rights....What do YOU see in DC?
"people are just people, people are just people like you"
... ... and I love robots, too -- even had a robot startup way back in 1995!
RT WHO the FUCK put vagasil where the toothpaste usually is on the FUCKING sink!!??! Wasn't me
There are one hundred and ninety nine ways to get beat, but only one way to win; get there first. -Willie Shoemaker
Spanish Is Faster Than English, But Mandarin Is Slow
Interaction Design does not equal interface design
aw, you're too cute! <3
- Im Bad feat ...Dope Shit
I appreciate it. :) Thank you.
RT Fitness experts say thatonly a small percent of your meal should be comprised of fat
“: I would go in on this #ghettodreams TT but I feel like all the white ppl are getting too much of a kick out of it” yes we are
Trip from salt lake is taking FOREVER!!!! Seen 6 truck blown over from the +60mph winds. This is crazy :0
Cause I Drunk Tweet with the best of em... And my heart isn't bleeding but mending.
#GOP: If you stop complaining you're paying for women's health you don't believe in, I'll let you drive on those freeways my taxes paid for.
Thanks to instagram my future kids won't be able to tell whether I lived in 2012 or 1970
i didn't know FRANKLIN PIERCE was in the white house...
One of the best things about working at GW is that the gourmet food trucks park in the street behind the English Dept! Asian tacos FTlunchW!
Just signed up for the Google BigQuery service.
Hmu, my album's coming out real soon, doe! Hmu!
Jam lead at halftime 66-53. Butch with 17 points, making five 3 pointers
I love how in the Niggas In Paris video they have a clip from Blades Of Glory <U+E107><U+E107><U+E00E>
Ah, gotcha. That would be ridiculously late.
Please have author Sam Kimball on your show. His book is The Infanticidal Logic of Evolution and Culture.
Hmm.. You know what, I bet you are right!
Just go have fun
“You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don’t try.”
oh yeah? I heard he has a really hot girlfriend ;)
Great pick! Phenomenal performance!
i hate him so much. he's a bad writer with nothing interesting to say, ever.
It's a beautiful drive but it is very long!
thanks for the dirty talk library i now have new text msg tones youre awesome
They only have child sized 3D glasses left. There's no way my manly jowls will let this be comfortable.
thanks for dropping by our prez this morning!
I was told mid September. I'm hoping for a free copy of the book for attendees!
woah dont touch that square shell get mad.dont call her a square either, shell rip your hair out.(cayzzzz) <U+2665>
#YouKnowHerCoochieStink if her name is Renata.. Something about that name says Stank!
Marriage is a relationship in which one person is always right and the other person is the wife.
The Lucy one is so cute!!
bah, all I want right now is a nap.
Omg, me too. I need more girl friends and "girl nights."
Look at my sandless sandbags the best ecofriendly product in flood control and organic garden watering.No sand required.contact me lets talk
there is a time in your life when u find the reason you get up every morning, im glad i found mine a while ago and im so thankful.
Without enthusiasm you are doomed to life of mediocrity, but with it you can accomplish miracles. ~ Og Mandino
Opening Day at 7pm for the . I will be there
So cool! Do you present, watch videos, or something else?
Meeting with was incredible, I learned a great deal from this innovative Ed. Administrator, the NMHS faculty and students.
All my bff's who also liked the Hobbit also like The Runelords and they're making it into a film
Why don't most English Soul singers sing with an English accent? Singing accent: American. Speaking accent: English... ???
Boom roasted.
Or a woman.... RT : Brady Quinn is at Carmines at Penn. You'd have to be an ND fan to understand.
I wish Mel Gibson had flirted with a singing career like Bruce Willis. Aunty Entity and Mad Max duet, anyone?
SANDAG Board hears #OtayRanch developers state the purchase of #SouthBayExpressway as "six lanes for the price of two!"
Next year sounds great!
Did you know that My Sinatra originated as a PBS Special?
i want too but school tomorrow :(
“: "When I run, I feel like _______________"” Evolution. :)
thank you!! Love you too(:
Gotcha. That will fly by tho. Transferring is the reason I have 3 classes left. Not all my credits from Franklin transferred.
Forgetting why you walked into a room
that's lightning quick, I have gotten 14up and 10down with my LTE before.
Incredibly... Soriano hit a K-Rod breaking ball
Toolman cleaning a wall in the basement, hand went over a nail Eva had just put in the wall
lmmfao i don"t say nothing but uplifting quotes
Like what happened with mp3 players, right? Did they fall behind after iPod? So hard to remember...
US Army vet; Watercolor painter; golfer, bowler: MOM!
What's the best thing that happened to YOU this week?
Traveling to St. Lucia or Dominica? Please donate for the poor families there. 100% goes to direct service. Please visit slifoundation.org
Gonzo is/will never be/never has been top a 10 WR. When have you made a case for Gonzo in the past?
hoping to get coverage in feb. 11-12. dc-focused films screened.opening night party at with
oovoo is rough tonight
I just saw lightning. Fudge.
seems like everythings falling apart it dont feel the same...
We appreciate our followers!
how to tell it's just post spring break: the students are far less "paper deadline" panicked.
No. It finally quieted down for the evening and I'm too tired to moderate.
who would be interested in a 2 part french pastry cooking class?!
Mother Nature - you made it rain 2 days in a row in #ABQ. You ok? Feeling alright? Maybe you should sit down, take a load off.
i know u will be, wish u the Best n speedy recovery
Are you the selkie In the whirlpool luring me To conversation?
We all have that guy in our school who is so sexy.
Yeah I just live tweeted a trip to #kohls suck it
BUNJEE JUMPING HOLLER
Happy Hour Membership! Only $13 for a month's membership at the Fitness Salon at the Cultural Center. No Contracts!!! No Start Up Fees!!!...
if you're not following your gonna be sadly less informed on facebook marketing!
RT : follow/register with www.phreeps.com to get totally free drinks, food, entertainment, shopping and more
She's crying because she knows she should have stepped in and didn't! Coward!
Jason Voorhees- All Time Hide-and-Seek Champion of Camp Crystal Lake. I wish I had his ninja skills.
hey!! How's it going!
YES, the return of Victoria!!! I knew it!
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination. ~ Albert Einstein
Look at that
I'm saying, if Shaq was mostly healthy + played 300 more games, his per game averages would have been the same.
Is it too much to hope that the subways are delayed because of #M1GS?
i invariably hit my mailbox quota while on a long flight, uggh.
Your blog is fantastic, would you be interested in sending an image to us. We would love to have your work posted on our blog.
: Is that called a Canine "Hot Box"?
WHOOP DAT AS WHOOP DAT AS
Some people say that I'm a bad influence I say the worlds already fucked I'm just adding to it
I give Jadakiss Consignment shop 5 shot guns
At foreign exchange show with Good music, company and food.
if you're a Bears fan, just watch the first half...
JUST RUN TO THE AORPORT
I think it only had 1 year. But that passed last month.
Thanks for the follow- enjoy your TGIF
This month at the Washington County ReStore all individual cabinets are 50% off.
Participating in Poynter Webinar: Managing Your Journalism Career and Skills
4 countries on two continents in under 24 hours. Personal record, I think.
If she's the kind of girl you'll go overseas to see or meet & she do the same 4 u hold on 2 her
bored at home lol
National Look Up At The Sky Day, The sky is the part of the atmosphere or of outer space visible from the surface of any astronomical object
Lots of amazing things happening this week!!!
RT from Iran: email your local or national news ask for more coverage on our situation we upload videos 2 youtube
Sure thing, shoot me an email at and we'll see how to get you involved!
snow's coming, and chili's on!
Tired almost time to leave
Still rolling tweeps! I hope you're all doing well :)
this is A-Rod Approved
I just don't like him. Plus Oz is. Pretty much there so that she isn't alone now that Xander and Cordelia are a thing.
My first tweet towards the
Oh, I didn't take a photo, it looked ultra hometown.
Morning all! I just had an awesome bagel. M. What about you?
haha! I have use that one too.
Had to factory reset my phone today...looks like I don't have to update the firmware again at least
I know I need a vacation when I start pretending the shower head is a waterfall...
How can you call Magic a Laker hater?
Excited for the Final Four featuring Ohio State!
Its Yves Saint Laurent Fall 2011 collection. :)
I'm feeling good and in that mood haha
Alright, I'm up, kid fed, laundry started, kitchen cleaned, Emmas room cleaned and its only 10am.
thanks Josh..beautiful people make it easy!
No place like VEGAS!! “: good deal! I'm in San Diego from time to time and Vegas never stops callin!”
#iWouldHaveCalledBut but i was busy #TeaBagging while drew out lines of blow on her back
I found the smoking section of the gym..I'm developing asthma from the 2nd hand smoke coming off the baby phat valour jumpsuits around me
negative...been here for about 7 years. I love the Rapids and I am also a Rockies fan.
#thatmoment I just want to tell someone to shut the Fuck up because I DONT want to talk to them.
NAW NOT REALLY, I ASK DEE TO HOLLA ATCHA FOR ME, BUT HE GAVE ME INFO THAT I DIDN'T KNO BOUT... MY FAULT.. I STILL NEED HELP
I am trying to understand the budget needs of CFSA.
Very Pregnant Jessica Simpson Rocks Sky-High Spiked Heels Über pregnant? No problem, because these heels were made for walking, honey. De
Yeah I still mess it up plenty, but I love no longer being at work and realizing I will miss a show.
I do love my Throat Coat tea!
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Sander Van Doorn - Riff (Hybrid Heights BTLG Remix)
But only after they've got your seminars under their belts!
A number of soldiers returning home at the gate next to mine. Lots of cheering and applause. Very cool.
where do you work now??
May 8th: Municipal elections in Irvington, Orange, West Orange, Belleville, Montclair, & Nutley. Vote! If you're not registered, get to it!
"It seems to me that playing with a toy whose origin can be traced to before the time of Christ is not a fad."
Here they go bringing up lebron keep the real #MVP outta this
Thank you so much for inspiring me everyday! All of you Boyz are so amazingly talented <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> thanks for everything I love You<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I tend toward the former, but I understand my colleagues on the other side of the pond say it differently.
I love you babyy<3 happy 14 th birthday (: I remember when you were 13 like it was yesterday (; lol<3333
I wish I could have been there for that. So funny!
"A person who knows how to laugh at himself will never ceased to be amused." Shirley Maclaine.
If April Fools and Opposite Day ever line up on the same day, my mind will explode.
#for65milliondollars i'd listen to rebecca black for a year straight
thank u,im pretty good 2,not to brag & i got that colbert piece rocking.
u need to ask off wendsdays!>:(
thanks for the follow your site is top notch
yea. its almost over forever...a tear! lol.jk! life must go on...
haha pretty sure i was still drunk at work this morning...i spelled the special wrong on the board
Just heard you all mentioned on HLN, wish all schools had the same rules ....
off with it!
AABP is hosting a 6 week tournament starting next week...$250.00 payout..you know anyone who'd be interested?
but I wouldn't b actually DOING anything. Its sorta like masturbation....kinda sorta
tigers a beast at golf. Let face it, golf is not hockey or a contact sport and he gets quits like hes playing 1. man up
Hey ladies! If you are at a bar, and they guy you are with cannot tell which is an orange and which is a grapefruit- don't go home with him!
Loved the article with in the new
They started it!
What? Wait...what?
asks: What are YOU doing for Lord Byron's birthday?
Loved ! : RT if you're seeing right now!
we are pretty ready to go i feel like, but i know there's going to be shit that we haven't thought of.
Oh, nice!
7lbs one week, off to a good start! Now to keep at it..
The older i get the less people i trust
catch it in your mouth like your last name moss
Not feelin the blue hair but #KatiePerry is sexy!!!
It's clearly a bildungsroman wherein the metanarrative dramatizes the mouse/bunny's grapplings with The Mirror Stage. [-]
Suddenly he was shocked backto himself
You told me yesterday and asked me to go remember? Lol
are you watching hgtv? This couple is annoying!! Ah pick house 3!
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them more.
if all my favorite celebrities lived all around me, I would be out selling cookies.
Success is not a finite thing, but something that can be shared in abundance without diminishing your part of it.
Lol and Ron Artest just patted him on the head like "be cool" lmaooo the
Russ is on a mission
Please give me a Birthday Shout out... I turned 22 today... It would make my night...
Hi cory booker is a good mayor better than mine
this weekend
30% of the people in this meeting have iPads. Should I get one of these? Or maybe the samsung galaxy?
Chinese study shows students on continuos drip of BCAA's tested higher on standardized testing. Increase brain power
By this time tomorrow I will have done nothing but spend the entire day relaxing on the beach drinking beer.
on any given day, about half of teenagers are doing homework online.
Darn... RT YOUR HOROSCOPE: Capricorn: Today, your astrological forecast will be in error.
12+ hours at the library today...
#nw Contraband. BORED!
I meant 'an extra couple. . .' (not 'and extra couple)
Am realizing that my race outfit is noticeably devoid of tutus, silly hats, and trash bags.
Hi, ! I'll be living in St. Johns in about a week. Hope to meet you one day! Thanks for the intro,
I took a benadryl and my codeine and I'm still wide awake?!
Just took advantage of a last minute holiday special
Thanks for the RT! Voting ends at midnight tonight..we need a strong lead so we can play the Hard Rock!
McD's should put Mac sauce on a cheeseburger and sell it as a Small Mac. You heard it here first, folks.
Thanks! You can vote everyday once a day:)
sick game dude!!!! Had fun watchin u light up those vikings.
s/o #TeamJaylonTate ! Where Our Motto Is..."Don't Be A Hater, Be A Jay Tater".!
It's not good to suck that
you got this, one mo' minute!!
Sentence of the day: "What's crackin'"
Can we talk about it???
Of course I'm being sarcastic. If she said "Nice Ultraman shirt!" I'd have been shocked.
love that one too. Also like: "I bet that you look good on the dance floor"
Grats to Monique and Kiera for being October's Darlins of the Month
please stop trying to do comedy.
Go Patriots!! Nice way to end the half!! We love NY but we LOVE the NE Patriots MORE!! #Superbowl #Patriots ~author, I Love You More
The book is on it's way! Enjoy.
is selling locally made dog treats go see for yourself at easton towns center!
Terrible no call, but the Mav's PP is anenic. No pressure and no sustained play. #one&done
Really excited to see Freddy Couples has a share of the lead in It'll be tough to hold on but I'd love to see him win.
Scottish or Icelandic
Possible no-no going on. 6 outs to go.
Really 2 days before my birthday...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
What's your favorite Jewish blog? What's your favorite blog of any kind?
Buford does alot more than just hit big threes for OSU. Many loose balls and some big rebs today.
#SpriteSlam Stacy Patton
lol not like that! U told everyone u were making another so ppl r going crazy and can't wait! It's a good thing! :)
today was pretty alright i guess..nothing to do tonight.
I enjoyed visiting & & meeting li'l Stella Lucille Williams yesterday at the hospital. All are healthy & happy!
I approve of this.
A grinder slip??? It's ok Dave. Come out soon though!
Best line I've read about the Brewers: "There's always money in the banana stand, Michael." (h/t )
Just made a salad for dinner.... Who am I ?!? Where the steak ? ;)
so are we. I will keep you posted as we progress! Have a great week!
I wait till next week
is joining ! We couldn't be more excited!
Not at the moment. Join our facebook group to stay in the loop.
follow me back?! You girls are so pretty!!! I admire you both!!
. Every possible aspect of planning and making today's trip could not have been more deplorable. FYI.
Longest school day ever
Hey scientists, how we coming on cloning? I could use a few more of me lately. If God made the original, then copies should be fine right?
lay back fall in love and enjoy ya wife.
#cnnteaparty If our economy is truly broken, could you fix it within one term as president?
& theres no stopping us right now
I think he should have gotten more for the tantrum, Bad call no doubt but can't lose your mind like that.
Thanks to & for follwing us.
Volume 1 of Leo Brouwer guitar music performed by Ricardo Cobo. Revelatory, but sometimes I think Cobo's tempi are too darn fast.
I also did 20 minutes on the high stairmaster after the workout!! I can't wait until next week..training 5 days a week!!
Want shoutouts? Just ask :)
Amazing job in the debate. You officially got my vote today. :)
Just got a new juicer...can't wait to make a green drink!
Can I buy a boyfriend in Ebay? :D xD
Am I the only one that eats Ritx crackers with marshmallow melt? :) Mhhhm
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 9
thank YOU for a great & affirming evening. so proud to have been there & joined in myla's joy for thus award. thk u!
Just did my first massage since my mother died. Feels good to be helping other people feel good again.
Celebrating post-NZ Thanksgiving today: candied yams, stuffing, green beans, cranberry sauce, yeast rolls, and pumpkin pie!
ha! Good one.... I think we're going to need all the help we can get. Rookie QB vs. LeBeau? Not good.
Debating if I should do this big ass global packet right now...
Excited to finally join twitter and share up to date information and resources on chronic traumatic encephalopathy.
Good morning!!!
puttin in time at the office today along with a home visit
hey how do u get to practice? Do u drive or do u ride with brock?
Yes, love it! Sanctions really stink...ugh.
follow back
boring boring
got the #newtwitter finally!
at least we have each other.
LOL!!!!! Tell them to get to work :-)! How are things going?
#LAkerHater ALERT!!!= RT Kobe is a cry baby!!!
Of course! We found the article very helpful. We look forward to the third part of the series. Thx for the RT!
On a side note, I've been Having the weirdest dreams recently.
#sharktank is awesome tonight. They are tearing people apart!
took off my bridge piercing.. I feel ugly now lol. WAAAAAAHH
hey luv, thanks for saying hey!! Keep posted for luvely updates! You're a sweetie ;)
why was he watching? Wow!
who hit you in the wiener haha
thanks Caldwell but says franchise is heading in a different direction.
4th Annual Iowa Golf Tournament, July 23rd at Arrowhead Golf Club.
This Studio Session
Overall, I enjoyed it though. We've had 3 debates so far, and Smith's surrogate has done worst in all 3.
Hell no! You rock Billy! I actually like your newer stuff... "New Future Weapon" and "Body Snatcher" are great rock n' roll!!!
Far East Movement are so bad I thought they were the Black Eyed Peas
Great rehearsal! Squeezing in one more before the reading.
RT From : Do something DICEE: Deep, Intelligient, Complete, Empowering & Elegant.
It's a "fall asleep to pandora" kinda night
No room for IGNORANCE
There are so. Many. Visors. Here. Somanyvisors.
Great State of Tennessee, aint no place I'd rather be.
aw damn!
I bust my ass trynna pass my classes, I'm late ONCE with a reasonable excuse & they told me not to even bother coming to school anymore.
wont be there until 3
why would you do that
if that's what you call flirting , you need some practice seriously though !
im missing my too
He played well in the state tournament. Congrats
send them to Wisconsin when you're done.,,
When the written word dies (in physical form), we will perish right alongside it.
My day's consisted of talking about moshing, listening to Fire and Ice, hanging out with cats and my roommate, and trippin out normies.
“: "Defecate or Abdicate."" That's very PC of you.
hello my friend. HOw are you?:)
How close was today's ruling on two Packer's coaches and ther bounty system? People have to be thanking they stars for McCarthy
Great AFTRA meeting tonight! How to turn a non union job into a union job!
So we talking game 7 tickets yet?
ASKED IN OUR STORE: "Do these work?" (re: our EMERGENCY CLOWN NOSES) Kari's answer: "As well as most emergency clown noses."
at work
my sister said you go to her school lol
ITS BEAUTIFUL IM IN TEARS. You are absolutely amazing and anyone who can't see that is fucking ridiculous.
RT BACK II SCHOOL BLOW OUT SPECIAL!!! GET UR WEBSITE DESIGNED & BUILT 4 ONLY $125.00 HIT US UP NOW FOR MORE INFO!
" Without courage, wisdom bears no fruit. "
I miss you more than anything.
Don't inspire to have more, inspire to be MORE!!!!
Qualifying game for Johnny's Penguins vs Fighting Saints...YOU GOT THIS! #HockeyTime w/
Only a few hours left to vote for William Henneberg for Falls Church City Council!
Happy Friday. Enjoy a fish fry for this first friday of lent.
Sun is so pretty tonight <U+2600>
Happy to see rugby making its way to
Sometimes it makes me want to laugh. Sometimes I want to take my toaster in the bath.
Thanks! So excited for a full day. Just wish I could get some more z's! Happy weekend <3
some type of gift for the best mustache at the end of the month, and in the middle of the month a day to meet everyone who is
We just posted a link to our blog that has details about our party space! Have anymore questions, let us know! :)
your 5th qtr show link isn't working on CBS sports
“ Phone sex w/ Sabrina <U+2665>”
Love Stamos too. Full house is the best show ever. Saggot was brillliantRT : Oh, jeebus. Stamkos hat trick already?!
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahah, why do you say that?
How u call urself World peace when u foul everybody feeling the man meat
oh just ate bowl of oatmeal , banana. And eating brown rice with the chicken.. That 6to 8times a day lol
Couldn't even eat half of a 6 inch sub from Subway. Stupid braces.. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
You are awesome.
people wonder why fucked up shit happens to them, but rarely think of the fucked up shit they have done or said to others..
i hope you like their music(:
In my redaction lesson, I created a poem about books and a perfect life. Was a sucess! 1 people already borrowed (my mom).
That's OK, I'm planning on using all my connections to help her. Thanks for the thoughts.
One of the big things #TheHelp misses is the threat of sexual (&racial) violence domestics face on the job. Even now. See #DSK case.
Got pulled pork smoking away. Smells so good. Been cooking since last night about 8:30
That phone call I just got from >> Lmfao
We didn't inherit the land from our fathers
gym then off to work i go ..are you not in SD?
Check out our NEW menu of the season! www.labelseven.com
Be U Barbershop...a hidden Milwaukee gem!
the DOOSH is booking shows in So. Cal
RT no, now I will never be able to eat pudding again "so long snack pack" sniffles" thanks.
that makes me so upset. i liked it but it kind of pisses me off too that we won't qet to see them in London. not very happy..
#nw Friday Night Lights on the bus an staying out of this rain and cold
Layin here cuddled up with my blankie Sunday night slow jams :)
alone with my bong>
that's what I said
it was so freakin real! i thought it was actually happening!
If I wasn't raised right. I would just say what's on my mind, then your feelings would really be hurt.
INSPIRATION! #gamedevdiet I've been watching you, and your consistency is UNCANNY!
my mood right now <
Avoid beverages with carbonation before training and games as they can sometimes lead to stomach upset if consumed right before exercise
I am thinking about getting a BMW 120d for a new car!
to slippery to drive
How's everyone 4th of July ? Thank you , to my followers .
I'm a huge fan and turned 40 on Saturday and did not get a RT. Best Wishes tonight and always!!!
Thx for the follow, and let us know if you'd like to receive book, clips, etc. Looking forward to checking out your show!
I really don't want to get out of bed.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
ha ha
Observation #1: WOW this place is intense!
Best day ever - is now on twitter. He has the ability to be an elite tweeting machine.
as long as we have each other there's nothing we can't do.
QUOTES: The best way to succeed in life is to act on the advice we give to others. - Unknown
Love hearing this news: just sold out at their Stonecourt infill community in Garden Grove CA. Congratulations!
Totes dude. Blast some skillet!
Wine Down Wednesday! Last day for Rubicon Cask at $70, this is a steal!! Who wants it?
Thanks for returning the follow, Jon!
Waking up with arms wrapped around you will bring a smile to your face all day! :)
T minus one hour until #happyhour!
Was inspired last night to see plans for center. Paul Epstein and his teens staff are so impressive!
check JollySavers.com out....support local
Only you can love me this way<3
sounds<U+E420>I just bought new cleats too. & ya 4 sure we'll practice I'll teach you how to go beast mode. K I'm noddin off nitenite Tawny!
I can't keep up with Facebook Twitter and Instagram all in one day.RT
Thanks! Any chance you guys will be adding a basic video editing class to your arsenal any time soon?
Do you follow someone whose tweets you can't read if you have to pee? For me, that is
survival of the fittest , respect my come up .
Best of luck! To me, revisions are about as pleasant as pulling teeth, but so satisfying when they're done!!
There should be a dunkin donuts at forest hills. I want a strawberry coolata <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0093>
Great move. Song at the end is the best!
I pictured Katniss as more Ellen Page, though Jennifer Lawrence played the part quite well.
I am going to buy an 80's song on iTunes at 3:30 PM and listen to it on repeat until 4:30 PM. What should it be?
ah okay if you dont have grades what do you have? years?
im tired of ding that shit i'll finish it later
I coulda been a contender
SHOT in the DARK! Photo SHOOTS! You and yours at night! SPECIAL PRICING!
that sounds goooœd!!
at this point i cant trust anybody but my selff.
The Zona better show one hell of a time if he spending 4/20 with us!
Watching Mary Tyler Moore Show
Full Open Access #OA: Creative Commons a subtle erosion of Open Access. "Your research, Your rights" (-Springer)
Look up my band on iTunes we're called mercury in summer and if you don't like us you're wierd
probably... So people can find it and connect it to the presentation more easily...
Hi Michael, how long have you been a lawyer, and what type of law do you practice?
dammit iPhone maybe I wanna type in French -- you're not gonna stop me.
Luckily, that's all that happened.
In Too Late for Tears (1949), Lizabeth Scott's maniacal focus on a bag full of cash keeps her one step ahead of anyone with a conscience.
agree. It was absolutely amazing. And titillating! Best show on TV right now.
We really appreciate you supporting independent music. It benefits everyone!
i apologize to the New York Jets for not liking you on Facebook a long time ago.
4 reminders to use your camera: Shoot someone posing as a traffic cop and stopping traffic. An authoritative person can be very intimidating
Leadership is an action, not a position. Donald H. McGannon
Oh, that's good. As long as the world can see it, I'm fine not looking at myself for a couple hours.
Teen Boat's better.
Where a fat bitch at when you need her to cook fir you
Doesn't get much better than hot coffee and popovers.
Anyone watching American Idol tonight?
Do you want your own show?
: hold up! Changed one thing on the back. Front is still good 2 go. #sorry lol
This is the only time you'll ever see that haha
i'm blessed taking care of my kids and taking care of bills. I'm good.
Eating a salad is the same as working out, right? Don't answer that.
other options: do more than one thing, do a very simple thing, change meaning of "wide", change your standards.
Long but great day today. As always, God is at work. His winks were obvious. Oh...at what is on the horizon. Game changer...world changer.
Did you go to the Jimmy Buffett concert last night @ RoseGarden? what was your favorite part of the concert?
Great film tour you produce! Read about 'cause of Anne Makepeace's We Still Live Here. Can't wait to work with you in few years.
The National Cathedral is one of the most impressive monuments in Washington DC. Come take a pick and learn about this prestigious.today 2pm
#media99 Jesse Thorn kept his radio show after college, went to podcasting, then to public radio syndication & public comedy podcasting.
yep "Life" is RT Both games in Final 4 won by UK by 8 points = 8th title. Life is really weird sometimes, odd coincidences.
#Butler is an Ugly bulldog
I'm sure it'll be great.
hey i just met you & this is crazy but here's my twitter so tweet me maybe?
Tropical-theme musical, puppet, special interest video JOE SCRUGGS IN CONCERT: MUSIC, MONKEY BUSINESS & MORE (only on VHS for a reason)
If two people are happy together, then leave them to it. It's THEIR lives.
good morning austin<3 more like evening over here lol! Did you have a good sleep?:)<3
Keep it simple.
I don't tweet that hard. This is America. We have words for people like you. Words indicate knowledge, and that indicates Being. You're mean
Strep throat is no fun. I'm counting the minutes until my next round of painkillers.
Dan, your new show is the best thing that has ever happened to man kind. My new favorite show
Wrapping up 2011 last week of CD & DVD manufacturing & closing the week between Christmas & New Year's. Thanks all!
We are headed into extra innings, #Dodgers tie the game in the bottom of the 9th 3-3
Good Morning! An artist cannot fail; it is a success to be one. -Charles Horton Cooley
No. Unless I'm drunk,
At the house 2 houses past troll avenue checking out an amazing magickal library in Fremont. Happy solstice to all!
If the rich could hire other people to die for them, the Poor could make a wonderful living.
Mother's Day Brunch with LIVE MUSIC! 410-332-1000 for reservations!
I'm a conservative but Ann Coulter gets on my nerves,
Currently obsessing over sea salt. Want to make sautéed spring veggies with olive oil and sea salt. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0086>
Perfect shitfaced mick music!
This year, learn exactly how to handle your home improvement goals of any size--the right, safe, successful, affordable way...
Got it. Replying now.
Good! Me too. First ever so it should be exciting. You joined the pool of potential dirs, yes? Thanks for that!
Good morning tweeps!
Sunday night blues
First practice tonight when great!!! It's going to be a great season :-)
We spent part of our honeymoon in Cappadocia and loved the beautiful cave hotel. The mornings are glorious.
How on earth do you blow a 19 point lead like this?
Under age box sitting!
spoken like a true marquette guy
That is so cute! Your boys are awesome!
now that I live in WI I feel like its ok to be a packer fan. Tough game tonight for the Vikings huh?
both but i can be in cliftown whenever since we still have our place until july, after this weekend when are you thinkin?
I'm just sorry you had to try and find questions amongst the spam. And that I missed the question deadline, obviously. ;)
oh no! That stinks!
yes! You do make me smile daily!!!
- Victoria's Secret Pirate stuff?
smoking up that reefuh.
Well if it didn't come out the butt, I wouldn't be licking it.
Zero motivation to run, forced to do a 5k, busted out a PR
IM FROM NEW YYYYYYOOOOORRRRKKKKKK!!!!!
Early childhood development experts, pediatricians needed for advisory panel 4 new infant learning product. Email:
ok, we canceled your active game, feel free to start over (x6w72)
Woke up to a beautiful view of the mountains. Going to be a great day in Asheville.
From blacks to chinitos.. K.
& - thx for spending #superbowl sunday in Denver! the start of a successful promo tour begins w blue cheese dip
Lebron doesn't wear socks with his shoes lol! man i know those shoes are stinky afterwards
When will #NFL will start selling double-deck seating on people's shoulders.
Different about what?
Dear quaker state, will you please send me oils and lubricants vital to vehicular survival ++ Roky Erickson
The fact that I had to wake up and put clothes on to come to the school just pissed me off.
Much Respect to for" Where is Your Brother?" and Malice too.
Haha! No, I still have plenty.
REGISTER AT THE EXPO AND WOW!! Free golf/range balls courtesy So Suburban Parks n Rec just for starters!!!!
I can't wait to start bumping that track in my ride around the hoods lol
We've just secured a speaker for this month, but are always looking for future events. Drop us a line:
I haven't had a chance to yet! I saw some photos and the food + company looked amazing :)
Nice! Looking forward to meeting you!
Photo shoot in San Diego Sunday. Rain is threatening to put a damper on our weekend yet again. :(
Find out if your relative has long-term care insurance with in-home benefits. Request forms and documents to claim caregiver benefits.
hey I posted your video the other day. If you go on YouTube search "#KickbackSundays 4.29.12". It was dope!!!
New Tees coming soon. Stay tuned...
i feel like eating and eating right now i am going be fatter !
ya dummy!
well jus found out tht gatorade damage your kidneys. the commercials lied. #inbox 4 more information.
friends suck
Thanks -- yep, 7 years ago. So sad. But thanks so much for your well wishes. Tell your mom how much you love her :)
is a terrible insurance company. Working with them on a claim they say that it is my fault an old senile man rear ended me :)
top talent isn't who is seeking jobs, huh? Not surprised.
lmfaooooo okay okay I'll try all of those!
Thanks for the #Shoutout!
that show made me quit TV again.
Me and fight like sisters!!
Happy to RT : Anytime anyone mentions #stopchildabusetoday will donate $1 to
The Fluke/War on Women thing is the biggest political miscalculation since McCain suspended his '08 campaign to help bankers.
Do we have a list anywhere of all the writers we've ever had?
Ughh i hate the dentist, at least i brought my chapstick this time
Day 4, yet my day 2. Its gonna be great!
hello - i was just this minute adding you on linked in
Off to LA this weekend to spread some Black Cherry Crush love on the city of Angels!!
LOL. Sleepy and hungry perhaps? :)
Just left my bank's ATM. Is it normal to look at a large sum of cash and giggle thinking about all the trouble it can get you into?
I totally agree.
Its so addictive, but wonderful!
oh gosh.
I cant wait for the #pirates games this summer. Even though they kinda suck.
I am not going to have time to study Americas tonight, ugh!!
Third set has begun! Drummer Jeremy Cunningham swinging hard on My Shining Hour right now!
Oops, I mean "mutlimedia shitstorm," of which I am guilty of as well.
Plenty of players from last weekend's Availables Showcase ATL picking up offers. We love helping players & coaches connect!
Roguescene @ Fuse tonight! DJ Andrew B up till 2am!!
I hate texting people that can't spell.
haha me and Nasa just had the funniest talk
follow first and I'll follow back =)
Cotto will be a test for Mayweather. I know he wants Pac-Man, but he better not overlook Cotto.
Catching up on emails & such after a nice, long weekend! Back to work! :)
I pinky swear !!
I'm tossing back Theraflu right now. Hopefully it'll kill the symptoms.
I've been on this bands stickam since 8 or 9! It's currently midnight! I think I have a new fav band!
How awesome r u guys! Just getting the word out, businesses that need more exposure retail, restaurants startups contractors etc.,
Can't wait for the "These Days" video shoot this Sunday!!!
Watching the developments on the crisis in Haiti. I feel personally tied to this news story since my husband is Haitian.
Such a boring night
haha fuck yes! RT Damn I thought I had a good sticker!!! See you soon for some shenanigans?
Epic service tonight! If anyone missed it they really missed a treat!
whatever; professional standards should be free anyways
It's a football score now at Marlins Park. 7-0. Dolphins over the Bears... Like that would ever happen.
Great chatting with you. Thanks for sharing your thoughts as a person who READs -- a lot!
4 reminders / day to shoot. Capture a variation of the 'high 5'; 'the fist bump'. Every little bit of encouragement helps these days.
I was just thinking, I'm not even sure gets on twitter anymore.
I played a dangerous game of cat and mouse, & I didn't plan on falling along the way... I'm sorry. </3
- just seen this! will tag em :) some real nice shots there, thanks :) we should arrange another shoot one gig
My dad talks on his phone way to loud why is he so annoying
What is all the hype around pinterest? I am all about new toys and not sure how this works.
cowherd should really take his act on the road.
now that it's summer. we need to get us 3 back together.
Knowing the deadline helps with whether you take the risk of pulling them out of a meeting to bother them.
thank you, Sir. No worries, the whiskey makes it easier to navigate the wet! ;)
A Limited Time: Watch, then link to Review & Discuss "Anne Frank Goes to Hollywood" on the official Site: www.annefrankgoestohollywood.com
still dont know what your saying lmfao
Former catcher Wilson Ramos out for year with torn ACL
So unhappy here. /: I just want to be happy.
My iPod is annoying me. Iwishihadatimemachine.
and u know this man
LMAOO! RT : I hate how it is...but it is what it is.
Our last Google trick for the week: Type in "askew" into your google search. We dare you not to tilt your head.
Really could have done without the picture of Amar'e's stitched up hand!!!
Loved the ambiance and the fantastic paella! Thanks
when did you enter? I've read online that if you wait until the final deadline it takes longer.
16 more hours till I go to NY
shows off all the new content in -- lots of cool new journals from over 200 publishers.
i want to eat your cupcakes.
no you weren't.
shut up sloth...
how does these girls know about zayns dance video ?
u just earned my #respect 85 rage on RT : No!!!!! Support the artist n buy the album please. Alot work goes into their craft
returning 's calls is required.
Just ordered my #JeffreyCampbell high heel shoes! Whoot! Whoot! Happy early birthday to me!!
thanks for the #ff !
Is always priceless
hello how you been
I need to throw a beer and bacon party. Extra bacon. Everyone bring something with bacon in it.
that's like a crazy meth addict taking credit for their rich and famous uncle. Doesn't matter!
Yay! RT : Hilarious YA with a multicultural cast of characters. I couldn't stop laughing when I read this story!
come to the stork club tonight for a free hug . oh, and we're playing at 945!
Awesome interview with #karmin on #johnjayandrich!! Love their music!! anyone else!?
Is it wrong to retweet yourself? ... I'm sure there's a low-brow religion joke in there somewhere.
I'm competing for your attention..
never said it did but he needs to be more effecient to pass deron and paul.
I really like Back in Time by Pitbull
this was the worst show....too long..agree w john..treatment of final four brutal
ugh nice watch...
email me so I can get a hold of you so we can do interview with you!
so good running into you last nightt <3
NOTHIN HERE HAVIN A HEAD ACH N WHAT NOT N BEING NERVOUS BCUZ OF TOMORROW AHH IM THE 1ST ONE FOR THE INTERVIEWW
RT My food's not at all what I ordered, thats gotta be bad ... Sorry all the live streamers if I eat in your face :-)
Yeah man some Mexican thugs from Detroit. People are crazy!
They pay $0.75 an hour in China. The race to the bottom. That's where we are headed.
we also offer free shipping as well look at the coupons try and get all the savings that you can..
you need some of cupcakes at your birthday celebration!!
Just met David Solano! :D
Drinking a campfire mocha from Caribou its only necessary when I have a strained big toe and have to wear heels
im so scared
I'll be at #ala11 too. It's my first time as well.
Thanks! I'm so slow but I know it'll only get better.
life sucks when you're that great but don't always do great things...you sound like Jalen Rose right now.
i am to old to celebrate holloween, and if i do i want to be a grim
mane i need a mac book pro
Olay was derived from the word lanolin: "a fatty substance, extracted from wool, used in ointments, cosmetics, etc."
Yeah, I know, that would be wonderful lol. I should be around Wednesday, why do you ask? lol :)
THAT'S MEAN! He had surgery. He can sleep if he wants to. Don't bother him or I'll kill you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
lol well good morning to you too sir
I think I'm going to change the adage, time flies when you're having fun, to time flies when you're gettin old.
Knew she was signing but didn't realize she was in Frisco!
Haters make me famous.
Anyone else poopooing the day of rest and doing something active?
Enjoying my ice latte before work and listening to music <U+266C><U+2665><U+263A>
PLEASEE FOLLOW ME JORDAN
oh noes! they have to fix it before my online test next week.
I'll have a plate of super cool with a side of awesomesauce!
Personally, I don't believe the world owes me a living, although for the amount I make, an apology would be nice.
hey!!! A bunch of good stuff, how have you been?
I smile because of you.
you are too precious! I will let my "super fly mama" know that you are watching! Xoxo
what day does machete come out?
On World Press Freedom Day, the spread of mobile and publishing technology ... - Nieman Journalism Lab at Harvard
It was awesome talking to the , (& )! Thanks for having me on, and I hope to do it again soon! :-D
Finally over a million on temple run ik right lol
Cant make up any tweets..so you retweet everything
Y.O.F.O = You Only Famous Online
Don't give them the ammo, so that they can't wage the war.
That always happens to me! RT : Of course my mom wants to eat at a place with a 50 minute wait <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Sean love it..give me a ring
EEEEEEP so much to before technical rehearsal!!! Ugh favorite time of the year <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
#MXpresidentialDebate AMLO: "it's indignating that sonme of the richj have assets that could facilitate home credits"
Reminder: New ICC Uniform Rules for Demand Guarantees (URDG 758) to enter into effect tomorrow. See ICC website.
+1 #getjimmyontwitter : We'll drag Jimmy in at some point. Enjoy movienight."
Take heart! I sent this around to the strategy ladies at Mullen earlier today. Nerd love is true love!
piss me off... See what happens when I corner you and tell you being mean isn't nice!!!!
Just added three more live play questions on Sporting Explore.
READY SET GO.
No matter how ugly, lousy or stupid you look, there<U+FFFD>s always a person who wouldn<U+FFFD>t care how you look because they want you to be you.
Sweet Muse pop-up bake shop officially scheduled for April 1st, 4:30-9:30pm at Manhattan Theatre Source.
Love is better then sex but safe sex is better then a std
If we consider that most politicians (US at least) are independently wealthy, why do we give them things for free (healthcare for instance)?
M coca cola time.
Demetria I forgot to tell you, I took this girls tampon today and threw it at someone.
Do you take your #dog everywhere with you
The more I think / read about the Ropati signing, the more I like it. Seems like there a lot of confused / upset #Jets fans.
i think im bout to fire this bitch (in my zed zilla voice)
I see my body as an instrument, rather than an ornament. – Alanis Morissette
#SMBAustin : You should be open to people following you if you're going to (be a politician in Social Media)
that's whats up! Might head down Saturday. Small chance though.
Our weight loss program is simple, convenient, tasty, inexpensive & effective, anyone can implement it, any time. www.healthfacts4all.com
Scanner Monitor: Between Sable and Chambers off of Mississippi. Natural Gas Leak. Blowing it from the north
Running some errands and looking forward to West Coast Swing dance lesson.
#uglysiskhloe -____- ?. Really ?.... Idiots made this trend...
So my lil um (vacation) did not feel real & now I keep going in & out of feeling like myself wth is going on guess this is ethics hmn
Thanks homegirl, it was an honor to rock with Ski
What a moment hearing Steve Reich's Three Movements for Orchestra - 1. Mvt 1 in The Hunger Games film tonight
I break up w/ him everyday too he sucks!.
The problem with spraying the inside of my stove with oven cleaner is that I now have to follow-up on it.
thanks love! Haha definitely wasn't competitive!
I love that thang wet .....call that sloppy joe #poinstar films
Why follow somebody on tweeter, if you don't want nothing to do with them? I don't get it? Ain't you contradicting yourself
Art of marriage is filling up. Sign up now to get your book and get in on this great class.
To my gmmb colleagues: thanks for letting Nick run roughshod over the office today. Kathy enjoyed the peace & quiet at home.
Locking in accounts
is there! I couldn't make it! Send pics! “: hey KC, How do you Like our new in collection?
I miss you!! I hope you have a wonderful holiday : )
Let's get at those singles my G ( )
me too! i only go there in extreme cases. now that we have our own Seva i'll probably never go back!
Well, Tweegrams are kinda just like a status so we should've seen this coming. Tweegrams are retarded.
you watching the FA cup final?!
It's a tough job, but who is better suited for it? :)
Ladies and gentlemen, Schlitz has finally made its way to the West Coast. Let the beer-drinking begin.
For a moment, long dark cloud formation reminded me of mountain range. So homesick for CA!! Now weeping uncontrollably
Awesome day hahaaa
I Dont Trust Alot Of People Because Most People Cant Be Trusted.!
ohh nope!! so it will be somewhere on my bday... (:
RT : "Suspending the campaign does not mean suspending citizenship." -Newt Gingrich. Too bad. //agreed
want to grow back my hair!
Cleaned my whole apartment yesterday. Not fun but always feels great afterwards
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock. -Thomas Jefferson
Despite the stock market getting pummelled and a strong rally in Treasuries, interest rates remain near 2011 record lows.
Dont be Envious of another man's Success, Learn from that man and make your own success!
i never called you, and briana hung up on you.
I love talking to
you've got this!
Jeez tonight was awesome! Thanks Norman for a great show, see you all next Friday at the ! We are to excited.
put something like: press follow and i'll let you touch my butt. ;p
you're an alien ...
Grizzlies better not choke this...
Remember that it is still #autism awareness month... what does #autism meen to me.. driving 75 miles one way to the dentist.
How do I get "Trending Articles" out of my Facebook feed?
Hello. Does studying with a Buddhist monk help you understand autism? Double doozy, huh? Glad to meet you.
Off of work
Been crying all night, drinking all summer. Praying for my happiness, I just hope that I recover<3
My cousin was a brat when she was little. We actually called her Angelica behind her back xD
Craving a goshen store sandwich
#Raw no Divas match I'm disapointed
My pop got hot fast
I worked at Shock Trauma last year n' produced training video for troops; simulation in Ft. Detrick very life-like
they are commonly called "blinckers because they "blink" (who'd guess?) To signal a movement to other drivers.
But as the song says---> Day by Day...Day by Day
Equity futures are moving higher Friday ahead of key trade balance and consumer sentiment data. And interest rates are moving higher too.
:( screw this year already.. im single now but really really hurt.
I love Betty episodes.
Health Care Reform was signed into law one year ago today. Still waiting for the fire and brimstone? So are we.
kick some a#! tomorrow...
I see the number 123 everywhere.. ._. Which is the bus number my crush rides... ._. c:
Nobody to go to the dance with tomorrow O-O Like always.
Happy Friday! Spring Commencement and summer vacation is almost here.
Heading to The Next Cool VIP event tonight!! the largest film & tv event of 2012!!
I know it's obvious, but can I just say — having 3 NBA teams in one city is dumb.
Of course, my account would run out during the three days my credit card is being replaced. Boo for ads and no on-the-go music.
Did you say Rabbit Rabbit this morning?
Mayor Bieter to kick off Let's Move Boise! and dedicate the city's 2nd Mobile Rec Van 11a.m. today at Owyhee Park, 3400 W. Elder St.
Wait there's more!
Of course. Couldn't be more poignantly messed up.
now that is gone the real party can start! (Why'd it take her so long to leave? sheesh!)
REalizing that live-tweeting brain surgery would be hard... lots of big words.
we'll see about that (:
RT #EveryoneHasThat1Friend who remembers the lyrics to backstreet boys and nsync songs so we can bust out random acapell...
yes I only use Crayola Crayons, be sure to try the new twistables!
"Motivation wears off, transformation happens due to inspiration!"
Headig out to work ! Have a nice day ppl :) <U+2600>
Mattress shopping>>
Degree completion - Portland Center; we've been the same building and we didn't even know it! Heard your name around the halls.
If the Heat do trade Wade, it needs to be for a big package of role players. Chandler/Fields/Novak, Lin/Chandler
Where in HIN are you?
instead i choose to fight with my pen and my notebook.
they have a 24oz coffee for like 2 bucks! I love me some Dunkin Donuts!
Stay positive! #PackerNation loves you! Stay hungry for next year! =)
RT : Good news: I repaired my mower. Bad news: lost my excuse to not mow. :( > Too funny!
cause im a nice guy like that :p
None of the 4 Republican senate candidates got an endorsement at state convention today... needed 60% vote. J. Fitzgerald came the closest
that's how I first heard the song!
Law Librarians - we'll be in Philly! Booth 631 with document and book scanners for archive and records solutions. #AALL11 for info.
Bout to cuddle up in my bed with my popcorns. Order The Vow on Directv Cinema and relax! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
A wise person profits by his mistakes. <U+8CE2><U+3044><U+4EBA><U+306F><U+3053><U+308D><U+3093><U+3067><U+3082><U+305F><U+3060><U+3067><U+306F><U+8D77><U+304D><U+306A><U+3044><U+3002>
Langers #19 is the best sandwich in the world
We would love to DM you about our twitter rate, please follow us so we can do so. Thanks!
Are you a hater if you hate on haters?!?
Sounds fucking sexy.
Looking for last minute gifts? Come in and buy a gift card, loaf of bread or some delicious pastries!
i feel care free when playing basketball
Is that a PC exclusive feature?
never eating at taco hombre ever again.
Success - The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed.
me too! Lol and yea I do pretty Boeing job lol but I still get paid
"Think twice before you speak, because your words and influence will plant the seed of either success or failure in the mind of another"
I don't think they died on purpose.
miss u to my man. I agree let chill soon
BLT and Peach Tea
Watching Season 3 of Weeds w/DH last night and I said "that sounds like " during the opening theme! Wow, I was right :)
Inaudible phone calls are guaranteed to be deleted. When leaving a message for a reporter, talk slowly and be understandable.
Can Amare win a ring before he talks RT Is Amare Stoudemire out of line for calling Pau Gasol "soft"?
Get Groupon for Mobile- savings on the go!
"Here at we like to focus on our internal processes vs. customer experience. It really pay's off." Said no one ever at Apple.
Doing well. can't complain... I just went out and got a few of your products...
LET'S GO RANGERS!!!
Good morning everyone, I just woke up . And I'm hungry as hell. What's for breakfast peeps?
Definitely is #BestDressed wearing a suit!
YAY IS BACK ON TWITTER!
A recent study showed that 79% of 341 US physicians surveyed preferred Apple's IPad over any other tablet.
My calc teacher is such a boss. Great vocab and sense of humor
Headaches: one-sided headache with dry eyes and blurred vision (migraine)
I would never tell any company how to pay or treat their employees. Police/fire/emergency workers don't face scrutiny either. Why teachers?
been good I moved out to the Tomball area. Are you contract or employed at the met?
My first child will be conceived to Knockin The Boots, Lmao
it will be come 2013.
Bc he feels invincible right now. Must be the boner pills he shares with KG. RT : Why is tweeting so wrecklessly?
congrats on the engagement hope it work out...
Is this the new twitter everyone bitches about? This fucking blows
doesn't make a difference, the Redskins will outbid it.
I cant wait to see !
We are overwhelming twitter with knowledge!
hey should I come by and get donations tomorrow?
Great morning
Whenever im forced to use the women's bathroom cuz the men's is taken, I can't help but pee all over the toilet seat. normal?
righhtt, we thought we were so cool bc the corner store would sell to us lol. but so do i !
RT The difficulty of picking jury is starting to wear on everyone. First hints of anger btw lawyers.
thanks Want some of sal's chapstick?
How is everyone this Wednesday?
i really like when random rashes show up on my leg.
hhahaha thanks so much!!!
lol nope full price. I was with him, my phone goes off and this is what I get lol.
RIP Big Pun! Every artist should take a page out of this mans book, fucking legendary!
you better be up early ;)
Adam from joining on stage for "Living Proof".
20 MILLION FOLLOWERS. CONGRATULATIONS!!!! <U+2665>PLEASE TWEET ME
i'm working on a story about illustrator Boris Diodorov. Saw you interviewed him. Can you email me at ? tx.
Uh, no sor...going to need YOU to do that, lol...no idea what you meant with that
Thanks, buddies! ": . this is great idea for an account! Love it. Props to whoever runs this! #outsidethebox"
Happy to hear you can think about dinner before 7 am
You're straight?? So is spaghetti until you heat it up! #:-p
Still have 2 papers to do
So, 's airwaves are about to get all "I love " up in here!
#DLD lines are a Gordian Knot. We don't know if we're at the end or beginning.
#RIP Donna Summer
hope u like it!!
If you want to win a pair of Real Estate Tickets at The Neptune on Friday, retweet and you will be entered in tomorrows drawing.
Re. #PP and med. options - My daughter has the RIGHT to make these decisions on advice of her Doctor, NOT by Congress!
Hell no. You can't walk up into a restaurant after four lookin' for a job. That's when they be gettin' busy
Thinking about films with birds falling from the sky today and what it means. # BirdsFallingFromSky
Got my tragus pierced today.... Finally. C:
Enriching your surfing experience on the web, by grouping Blogs, Social Media and Markets together by association for a quick overview...
Easiest way to make sure I'm late for work,
All relationships GO through Sh*T, But REAL relationships GET through SH*T...keep it funky thou..
Never take life seriously. Nobody gets out alive anyway.
You need new weave...
My 2nd! Have the cutest 2 y/o nephew :-) AND in 3 wks I'll hit the trifecta when my other sis in law has her 1st!
Yes you will. I on the other hand, will be a mega-millionaire!!
Celebrate 4th of July Sunday night at Diva with DJ Kris Graham
You're very welcome! Hope you both had a great weekend!
what's up?
this is fabulous!
I have the same question. The errors are really distracting to me, and it's usually something that's easily fixable. Sad.
RT : Hoping to move away from vendor-based prefixes, like -Starbucks- & -Peets- for a more standard Vanilla Chai Latte experience.
I never knew that Petrino was this big of a deal. Yawn.
Happy thanksgiving!!!!!!
I'd prefer not to suck on anything, but thanks for the offer, Jessie ;)
does the attitude come with the shirt?
Our hearts go out to those affected by the fires.
Im a over achiever so how bout i start a team of leaders and pick up stevie wonder to be the leader
So sorry </3 Praying for you & your family
Im I falling in love or did I do too many drugs?
Strange knocks on my door at 9 at night..help me.
I'm waiting it out til december 2012 to see if mayans were right. If world is still around I'm staging a revolt
We've dined wined and bid on silent auction. Now on to live auction!
In a elevator Ehe cool cats
Joe Pa is dead. R.I.P. Joe Pa.
cay? I've worked with her professionally. Now I'm writing as a contractor for a local biz.
Umm...the 300+ page program for #ala11 is just a wee bit intimidating.
What kind do you have? RT : I'm about to start a detox tonight.
sure does. Hell comes tomorrow.
Now he had 2^(number of ontologies) problems!
good luck!
Floating on my back beneath the stars and chemtrails, watching planes circle the Burbank airport. Ok, SoCal, you're a little awesome.
Though I have Cerebral Palsy, 2 words are always in mind> KEEP GOING.
your not the boss of me
All signs point in the direction of AWESOME
dear idiot.GET OVER HIM. HE IS OBVIOUSLY NOT WITH YOU FOR A REASON. he has a girlfriend. do you not get hes embarrased by you?
#RHOA needs some now!
already added it, but it's competing with 3 other sessions already... :o
wow that is intense. Looks like you did it well. Nice Job :-)
Did you say The Bun or The Bung?
I didn't hear them. No tornado warnings to warrant them going off!
Customer feedback about - "Changed my life as an entrepreneur...I now have 5x output with 1/5th the management." - great!
#mla12 #s442 Inanimate Alice as intro to digital narrative, paired w/Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close as way to teach rdg modes in tandem
is awesome. Great website very informative.
follow this dude.
People suck at communication.
haha your so stupid, because what im saying has nothing to do with her life, get it thru your head!
Mrs. Janice's 73 birthday was Friday! She's been there for me ever since I was born! #LikeAGrandmaToMe <3
im #BoSS at tutoring
When a girl looks deep into my eyes and sensually asks, "What are you thinking?" I always reply "Midgets strangling each other on unicycles"
sent message to yr hotmail account
Crow has such a good curve ball
We should create a new language "Pearl" to take over Ruby.
Just updated my Blackberry for the 1st time ...EVER...in 2 years! :-)
Time comes from the future. Chew on that.
Is InfoMail spam? Yes.
Volunteering at the cat shelter on Sundays is just about the most rewarding thing ever.
Sometimes i amaze...Sometimes i dissapoint ..
Good win tonight team! Lets get another one tomorrow!!!
Oh hell no!! RT But its just the stupid Rose Bowl
I agree. Strings are very important. Especially for slapping and popping. The ones in the solo video are somewhat new...
why don't you talk to me no more?!
I can't sleep with socks on, I don't know how people do it. MY FEET MUST BREATHE.
i notice effort trust me
how is NYC?
Thinking back on it.. I read The Handmaid's Tale by Margaret Atwood at a "too young" age. Such a dark book.
Rejected. I just wanna crawl into a hole now.
that SUCKS!
Heart Attack Cafe is delish! I'm sorry, but we don't sell boxing tickets. We sell tix for shows, tours and attractions ^AP
I'm going to start wearing bedazzled underwear (instead of pants) everywhere. And crowns. #HONEYBAKED cc:
"mother did it need to be so high..."
I'll never understand why life seems to give those who deserve better the hardest time.
thank you for your patience and understanding!
exactly that's why i said lucky u :P
no! “: We are hearing Pedro Almodóvar has died. Unconfirmed. Watch this space”
At work callin for a
Happy Cinco de Mayo Amigos! Fiesta <3
Feeling like Monday here. What do you tell yourself when you need a tsunami of motivation and inspiration?
Great outing w/ students from Tx School for the Blind and Visually Impaired this past Monday! Training barge = new lake experiences
Headed to shoot sold out basketball, SDSU ranked #9 vs. CSU tonite.
Mothergod advocate: 'It's not a coincidence you hear from us all the time!' Me: 'well I lived in Herald Square' Him: 'oh.'
Poor old max makes interesting noises. LOL
A win would be significant. Remember, we didn't win here last year. Manny Harris just had a good game.
Kanye this Saturday at VEVO Power Station in Austin. We got tix and skip the line passes! Follow and RT to win!
Okay, Mayweather has my support again. Triple H is in his corner.
REAL TALK MADONNA COULD #GET IT
So stressed, just want this week to be over
I'm going out on a limb and predicting that there will be disappointed people tomorrow no matter what Apple announces.
did you get pix of the singers?
Sorry I missed your birthday! Hope it was epic! Thanks to I knew about it!
With a quality press and die, zero make-ready & waste is possible. Viable for sheet quantities of 100 pieces or more
Why would the FBI get Communists high?
I'm scared of what you might think of me, so sometimes I feel like I'm the only one safe to tell it all to.
Congratulations Lindsay. I like how your still photography style is so smoothly integrated into motion.
Miley Cyrus in punkd
Repeat of '94 in Vancouver...riots after game 7 loss.
fell asleep in english today so funny, i always sleep in tht class
cuz I'm swearing..usully from hurting myself
Back in Orlando. Thanks to everyone @ Frontier City for coming out and making the show incredible!
i'm pretty sure my heart just shattered into a billion pieces
Great to see you! Still waiting for your submission #TwitterMovie www.rileysfortune.com =D
I took meds for allergies that dried the tissues out, but the bleed wouldn't stop for a full day. Almost went to ER. Scary.
Los Equipales Restaurant is proud to host the Aerospace Corp at Kirtland AFB holiday party @ Los Equipales, Dec 15. Happy Holidays to All!
HOW FUN! (: lemme guess: the summer bash
you're welcome. Only certain books can be loaned.
that's very model dependent, old Nokias were great, #Windowsphones awful.
WHY DID I WATCH THE CHEETAH GIRLS? NOW THEIR SONGS ARE GOING TO HAUNT MY DREAMS.
Goin in to work bout at bust the balls!!
Do mikey got a twitter?
"Cross pollinate positive consumer generated content." says
She devoured them. She says they're terrible.
I'm in New York from like the 24th to the 27th
Also, I'm okay. My hand took the brunt of it.
em-dash -- I love them too!
Well at least I understood what bane said
Nothing like sending your available to shoot schedule to remind you of everything you have going on.
So I've been studying Ethnic skin on my own for almost 2 yrs & I'm continuing my education thru various training sessions but...
cause SOME still view the fit woman as their competition and not their complement
haha its never my fault for anything
is too tired and won't talk to me
Hey there !! Thank you for hanging in there with Kevin! So appreciate all the support. Hope you have a great weekend!
of course
So excited that other #KC tweeps are on #seatweetup!
Sure. What's on your mind?
I always wanna get my work out/run in the morning to get it over with but my hair is always a damn mess.. Oh well hello neighbors! *waving*
congrats!! happy to see you stay in detroit
Nick u r something to be talked about ur the "BEST"!!!
MPT Cole gives credit to CMGR Ott for effort to push Imagine Austin project.
Hey, buddy. How's things?
We are all robots, searching for a meaning. We are all robots, searching for a purpose.
Who knew Commissary was such a scene? What's a good, quiet coffee shop with Wifi in West Hollywood?
When you reach for the stars, you may not quite get them, but you won't come up with a handful of mud either -- Leo Burnett
two mo weeks of skool left! #fuk yea
Your DREAMS will manifest, BELIEVE!
"Emotobooks" are NOT comics. They are written stories that use abstract art to show emotions for
#WhitePeopleGoogleSearch Pumpkin Pie recipe #BlackPeopleGoogleSearch Sweet Potato Pie recipe
We've also got a book signing with Robert Santelli, he'll be in the Exhibit Hall at 4pm with his new book This Land Is Your Land.
your really good! Give it time you will be up there with them ONEDAY!<3
I know! I used to be so sad!:(
Now I have to see A Separation. best foreign film.
Its been a terrible dry spell, last time the rain fell
I Can swing by now, if you would like?
I feel for #Bruins fans everywhere today. I know what it's like. I kind of want to give all of you a hug and a chocolate milkshake.
Gate down on bikepath/bridge over Forest Park Pkwy, leaned it aganst the wall to avoid accidents etc.
I would make you some of my "famous" #NoBakeCookies if I knew where to send them!! Better than Grannys!! :)
Typos...ugh. Those fabulous fish tacos & guacamole are at
RT : People are Fake especially on these Holidays. Act the same way all 365 days!
Thanks for all the birthday wishes
al harrington with a huge 3
we talkin bout these Dallas ppl in they fukkin face!!!!! Houston Texas in this bitch!!!!! #clubparadisetour !
The young osprey shows up everyday at dusk, to roost in the lightening-struck pine. I hope he stays.
My phone ap is working now. Only took 10 minutes to load. Now go sell some yummy beer! :)
Have fun in biology (:
It worked! Thanks for video.
Matty disappeared, i wonder where he's at ;)
40 days and 6 hours remaining until my birthday
Welcome back Chris! How was your day?
Sarasota Film Festival screening on April 10th of "Prime Of Your Life". Get your tickets as soon as possible. (via )
you mean he hasn't gone to hell yet? He needs to hurry up then.
u know what I could do? :((
I could easily tack a few thousand dollars onto that. Sigh. It's freakin' ridiculous.
My problem is i get attached to people to fast and in some form they just leave you there to figure it out by yourself
hahaha you must be bored.
amen David! <3
Ooh is live tweeting a tour of #fireiceexhibit right now!
Working on the social media aspect of my cookbook project. Realizing how exhilarated I feel. Need to focus on writing...lol
There you go making my heart beat again.
that stadium is a bit much. Fish tanks? Really?
“I am building a fire, and everyday I train, I add more fuel. At just the right moment, I light the match." -Mia Hamm
yep you should deffinately come in tomorrow :)
Its nice to meet you.
Oh. Your fast though you should've done the 50 yd dash.
yes it is though!
Tropicana gutts and my trunk on slam!
Same purpose as the buttons at stoplights, gives us the illusion that we are doing something
Friends with benefits??
Chris Davis just struck out Adrian Gonzalez. WTF.
New Jersey- We are happy to announce that we can now be found Street Co-op in New Brunswick! RT if you shop there! #happysnacking!
Just because I'm here for you all the time doesn't mean you can take me for granted.
Samuel! Glad to have you here on #InternPro!
even Better if they Preempt dancing w stars
Can say that my love for fashion, shopping, and creativity has been taken to a new height with the help of xo
It makes sense to figure out what is under your control and focus on that. Right?
Feature film I was producing last year is back up and running. Yeah. So are several other projects. Summer looks busy.
Chillin' out awhile before bed.
The happiest people don’t have the best of everything, they just make the best of everything they have.
I've been at work an hour and a half and I feel like killing someone. Maybe will be a dear and let me vent!
YES! #Cataloging & #metadata Invaluable for anyone interested in tech services, archives, digital librarianship
OMG. 32 speakers on animal control issue... More coffee...
3-8" inches of snow forecast for tomorrow? This kind of came out of nowhere. Usually the weathermen are giddy for days.
My daughter was all excited to see the moon but no. Nothing's sadder than a 4-yr-old's disappointment. Like Sophie's Choice.
Its getting pretty ugly outside
I know I looked good last night but you can't have me. It's not my fault that I'm sexually attractive.
omg sacha baron cohen has a beautiful accent and i think he's attractive judge me.
They lie about the benefits of hosting it. Not so here in NYC. No one wanted it except Bloomberg and his 2 best friends.
Am I hearing a storm siren?
I'm writing from Afar magazine in San Fran CA and looking for great shots of the Carsick Cars to run in first issue! Can anyone help?
just cus we dont talk as much dont mean I miss/love you mwuah!
That's all?
all the time!
I want to move to Ireland :D and Boston :))
thanks very much! glad you're liking it.
hey! Does M have two different colored eyes?
Goin great Mark, book mostly done. Burnin candle at both ends, tho :) "How goes, Chris?" cc:
ah what do i do my lady friend well my ex lol. Wont let me watch the bucks game at her place. What do i do. Help S.O.S
i literally gave up.
# ArmyOfDarkness #moviequotes "this is my boom stick" love that movie!
I would really appreciate it if Fluvanna didn't lose their preschool program- it is serving really needy children
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 3
Total character! RT : I wouldn't be surprised if 's driver gets a spin off show on
Check out at ellyclay.com! They have great handbags and cute wristlets too!
In fact, I don't particularly like that cat. But her half-asleep / eyes-closed laying on her back like that was humorous.
no way to justify not tipping unless waiter didn't do their job or was rude. Eat fast food or get takeout if you don't want to tip.
That was a Optimistic fan making excuses & stating delusions
Still pretty chilly out; its the thought that counts though; amirite Dr. Feelgood?
we all miss u so much! We need to get together over summer!
oh yes! Say that one more time...And it is momentum that can't be stop.
So stoked it's gonna be on a Saturday! RT : I think BFD is June 2nd with fun. Calling it now. We'll find out Monday.
I'm obsessed with the unwich.
I am so tired of turning on my heat!
Oh,gosh hope he is alright. Love u josh. How are you holding up in the storm. Any damage for you?
it's impossible to live without failing.<3
I wasn't gonna laugh. But then I saw you! I love how he tried playing it off.
Solo wedding crafty party? Or nap with cats?
Take me I'm yours...
Another 15 minute #Fox 7 Friday Sports Extra is coming up. State Track is this week's focus.
Snowed in & working on our new website, surrounded by boys playing Legos & girls playing Dance Central.
made me pay for a subordination BEFORE making sure they would approve the loan. Not making that mistake ever again.
loved the show Bobby!!!!
Why is the fucking puck always at our end of the rink?
no. Not really. Lol it would be expected.
So sorry, Friends...my account has been hacked. I have reported it. Thanks for informing me.
I really hate Outlook in all of its incarnations.
preach, precious.
calling for "richer sense of what it means to document the data model" includes the programs that run against the model.
omg LUVIN YOUR NEW PROFILE PIC
": Make It Nasty, Make It Nasty"
I will come get it when I get the car. I had thought I was going to get it back earlier this week, but they had issues.
I don't find screaming at the top of your lungs into mic talent...at all. It's stupid.
Time is going by fast today. Why?
Keep laying those bricks and build a strong body of work.
Got tweet-raped by last night....but is it rape if I liked it? Hm......
Watching Madmen. I'm glad the pointy bra era is over. Also watching the Rockies. They haven't lost yet. And the Sonics are smoking LA
Had a twitter for a hot minute. just barely started following people tho. flattered to see how many people r curious about my life, hah
Dear WBAL, I don't know if Romney and Gingrich really tried to "finish each other's off" in the debate.
woops... thanks for the follow!
The day is always great when I get to watch futbol!!!
Logan has been hanging out with too much... He just said "I all alone SuckAR! " lmao
you wanna aggressive inline tonight or should we just cruise around looking for things to grind with our soaps?
is making the world sound better one mix at a time.
Run your butt off for your best body ever
is spying on programming summit and spreading rumors!
Great meeting you Chris! The conference was awesome!
ugh. so sad that I can't go to 's concert tonight. I've missed them the last 2 times they were here. =( 2010 was so long ago!!!
I would like to thank , , and Frazine Taylor for their wonderful genealogy resources for African American research
"Yesterday you said tomorrow" -Nike They also said, "Just Do It."
If you LOVE Food then you must partake in the hashtag #foodiechat on Mondays at 7 pm CST.
Subscribe to my YouTube Channel I subscribe back! :)
OUR CONDOLENCES: WE ARE SAD TO REPORT: Avery's Bucket List: 5-Month Old Girl With #Spinal Muscular Atrophy Dies #charity, #nonprofit,
Have you seen today's Your Turn? could air your comments on First at 4!
Too Funny All efforts of r 2 destroy America not Oil
Obviously, Hoge is as thick as his ties.
I still have homework..?
in the fortress of solitude, of course. We've been cookin up something big Dave. Drop by, sign over your 1st born, and I'll spill
was secretly here thoo :D
- uh, anytime
Your level of faith is seen not by how much you believe during smooth times, but how much you believe during challenges.
It's an age old debate. But I'm my mind it's finally resolved. Tone Loc > Young MC
Llistening to everyone around me spewing about people who spew oo much in Madison
some hacked my account!!!
every game, all the games
lol but I'm done too bad you don't have anyrhing better to do, you aren't even worth my time to sin via twitter
ah great punk music. Nothing quite like it!
Dressed like a total 'Kohl's Mom' today. Or maybe the 'Church Lady Aunt'. It's kind of funny.
I liked what Conan said when Ron said I just got excited "I'd hate to be around you on your birthday when the cake comes out"
I'm glad someone else knows how it is. :p
They say This is the city The city of angels All i see is dead wings
oh and tell your friends too. or if you don't have friends then your family. if you're batman and don't have either then tweet like hell ;)
Finally done with class for the day, now time to do laundry, LSAT work, gym, shower, dinner, hw, and relax.
I've decided I want a fez for my birthday.
hey guys. im hungry.
I can't wait to get home I got some skulls I crush lol
is a cool dude, and he doesn't even talk. That; takes; skills.
Never think about what could go wrong...you should think about what could go right.
We are 2 wks away from our final pilot taping b4 we pitch the show. Jul20 at with guest FREE ADMISSION
remember when you put away the dirty dishes?
6. day: I love this juice and raw food diet! I have so much energy, my sleeps are amazing, and when I work out I feel like a superwoman!
pull the tampon out...
thanks Matt! Pork belly is the best! Visit us again soon..
Thanks for the connections this week!
Kevin Rogers quotes:... “Last year, I think it was the icing on the cake just to get to NTN. This year the expectations are higher.”
Try: "Every day should be Mother's Day!"
e-mail me an address, sunshine.
Have a great Monday everyone!
hi doll hope you got my message today...wish I was feeling ok to go shopping:)
very cool!
Why are the celtics not blowing out the 76ers? Smh...
I'm pretty tired of people generalizing the opposite sex because they met a couple cunts in their life. Not EVERYONE is an asshole.
I accidentally took off with your juicer! Need to get it to you! How? Leave with ? Nathan?
Downey to Seal Beach and back in 1:08.49 ;)P
Time for extra innings, again. #letsGoOs Bring the bats boys:)
The best is yet to come! Blessings ^staff
I like her style.
Good Morning! RT : Good morning
M... Lemon Sharks. #NomNomNom RT : I just watched Shark Week, Lemon Sharks have attacked 17 people and never killed any.
Niggas ain't macho man they really miss elizabeth
Yeah, I know. Was just surprised how far they were canvassing! Good luck getting within 400 yards of campus right now.
Congrats to , February's MISL Goalkeeper of the Month!
lol great question
I never had a problem with a grandma before until now
The family has a more personal stake but for me, #Zimmerman issue was racial bias & process failure, not about guilt or punishment.
Race me n*gga. And I bet you never pass me like a Free Safety n*gga.
lol u know u like
My dad left to go back to North Dakota. :'(
I'm intrigued, tell me more about The Voice That Makes My Day series.
I lost 20 pounds walking to McDonalds and eating 2 items on the dollar menu! No soda!
Epic RT: : Almost went completely mental making way too many parts I liked ...so I had to make two different versions...
One of the #rwtastingcrew wants to know: are there any indigenous grapes to Israel? Why or why not?
going to need a major recharge after this session.
Watching songwriter/artist Priscilla Renea, writer of "California King Bed" belt it out! Wow!!
haha I love social issues except that boy that sits next to me and the one in front of Jared lol
#idol - Hollie was fantastic, great start to the show tonight
Tomorrow is national blonde day!
you rocked Brickhouse on the Lionel Richie special!
I had dream that i was dating harry potter and he took me on a ride on buckbeak abd he was a really good kisser lol haha wheniwokeupised WTF
she heading home
"Time always creates and destroys in equal measure, erasing the past as it sketches in the present." (Hirshhorn's Glenn Dixon)
Good morning every one bout to start the am off wit a good work out and cardio y'all have a blessed one
cranking 80's radio on last.fm and learning about Responsive Web Design. Feeling pretty energized
Is there anyway to lock focus on the streaming cam? Its only focused on the rain drops on the dome.
what are you up to?
Hey! Let's do it soon!
Wow! I'm not the biggest jb fan but thats real good :]
Also figuring out that the same thing is happening with other people I follow (and long since been approved) w/ protected acct
thank you so much!
thank you for the RT!
I wanna watch The Dictator, but idk, I don't wanna ruin it yet lol
I'm sitting here watching the freaking news because my remote ran out of batteries....
thanks lady!
people LOVE food!
We're stoked. We perform right before them. Check us out if u can. 6pm same stage.
Wow i feel like i got hit by a Ford Taurus. This is the only time of year that I see 4 am multiple nights in a row. Love Key West
"I know ALL about cloning. I AM a clone" -- me, today
This documentary on black holes just blew my mind. Black holes could be the other side of a Big Bang/another universe?!
Music does make everything better. If you love christian music, you should check us out!
I'm tired as hell trying to fight my sleep just to finish this damn review. Ugh.
following you:) follow back
: #Bulls finish the season with 50 wins and best record in the NBA.
Your mom. Is in my pants.
So, what's it like in the real world? Well, the food is better, but beyond that, I don't recommend it. ~ Bill Watterson
nothin listening to pandora and u
Wow..I haven't watched since 2005..hahahahaha...thanks !!!
Something to do when I get home: look at which CC licenses our IR depositors are choosing, guide them to CC-BY as full
Yes absolutely!
follow me! lol just to bother
This girl is talking to me like I care.. Lol too nice
definitely has funnest coverage of Wisconsin protest
Happy Birthday to Betty Cummings, Sherril Rick, Penny Skinner, Connie L. Craft
“: Omg the things I'm witnessing on chat roulette!!!!!” Reminds me of freshman year...
technically I started early but the rockets made me take a long break lol
he's a rapper lol
The Heart of your Troubles is about to stop beating. Jesus is ready to pull the plug.#StandStrong. Nite:)
my new twitter page.. follow back ... thanks for all the luv!! keep it 100!
goodnight and happy friday ^_^
Tobacco and the American Revolution. That seems to be my gig. Someone else snapped up prostitution in 18th-c. London.
but then you'd have to ACTUALLY talk to someone.
I just don't trust any road-side real estate investment opportunity that hand writes their sign instead of spending $10 at Kinko's.
Been staring at this beautiful fog over Lake Mendota at the lib. All I want to do is take photos, but instead I'm stuck writing my thesis :(
Will you have Meet and Greets during #TheBTWBall in the U.S?
Tonight awesome show at the Whiskey! Come join me, 9pm!
got lobster?
It is apparently illegal for an unmarried woman to go fishing alone in Montana.
It's just a little rain! Downtowndallas party from 7-9....come rain or come shine! $5 mojitos anyone?
WHAT? Not serious. what happened
taking my 9 year old son to NYC for the first time. What show should we take him to?
#FF for healthier environments (via )
#betterwithdetroit Rocked! I think Mom had more fun than kids!
To my mind, the key with Cage is to call it down the middle and not be caught up in historically informed performance, so to speak.
#MelanieAmaro is the champ just as I said she would be. I'm glad America knows God given gifts and talents.
Enjoy the game!
I think unless an ending is truly horrendous, it doesn't stick with you as much.
The dark side. I've been working there for four months. Amazingly insightful experience.
Definitely wishing I was partying my ass of right now with all my friends.... Can't wait for all this to be over
These muffins are the best things I've ever ate.. Oh my..
RT : Happy Teacher Appreciation Week! Tweet us the school you're at & the grade & subject you teach to get a #free McCafé
I voted over 200 times since I got home from dance and I voted on my way home
Excited to attend 's Ready to Launch party tonight! Now, what to wear?...
Lmao you cold<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8> as ice<U+26C4>
Ha! I was just about to tell you that I'm just waiting up for the idiot to get home.
fascinating what stirs you out of your twitter slumber. see you again next year. :-)
RT #Goog+ less social more about having people use full circle of apps: think collaboration
Dying while giving birth
TONIGHT WE GONE TURN UP FOR BDAY BASH AT ELIXER!! #EnvyMeEnt & #SavageLifeEnt IS IN THE BUILDING!!! YOU DONT WANT TO MISS OUT!!!
The Times (London) digital archive is sweet! Read an 1833 court case article surrounding The History of Mary Prince: A West Indian Slave...
RT if you're going to see on June 1st in Belfast at the Odyssey Arena!
I been snappin necks and cashin checks
If she don't look like me or make u forget about me she not doing her job
Tough night to be a #Denver sports fan. But at least I got my taxes done.
Turning in early, good night friends. xoxo
“Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.”
Tots RT : I cry daily in your parking lot. RT We have a VERY important question for you! Fries or Onion Rings?
too pussy to tag johanser in my tweets cause he's bigger than me..
Why do I keep losing my connection to FB with Tweetdeck on my iPhone 3GS? Login info is not retained. Please advise.
You're sweet. Thx
Dang that arena is empty. The Jazz just made the playoffs... Right?
Nice job!!
omg this made me laugh so hard
thx and back at ya
Well, 3 hours worth of morning report attendance and searching, accomplished. Yay productivity!
no argument there...
The results are in. Team , Gutflap, Classroom Catalyst and Team National will be at the finals tomorrow!
oh ok
What's this about?
yeah, it's not working. :(
Anyone got an invite to share? Please?
How do you play basketball with no ACL's. Nice dunk by Blair!!
Very, very cool idea. Thank you.
im ok with that.. hehehe
Help me reach 2000 followers!
I second the #beer comment. Of course, that's why I include it in my bio. :)
I should have told you what you meant to me, cause now I pay the price
Second day #io2011, what s?urprises r in store?
soccer practice tonight. don't think there will be any running cuz we won the tournament
thanks! is an awesome model
RT Whether it was perceived or real does not change its effects on us
Another note, just came out of relaxing hot bath...I feel so nice and ready for bed
I may or may not be addicted to Draw Something.
Christopher Brooks <3
(cont) mounted deer heads, a little league team that screams V.I.P, dry-cleaning, truck drivers with fat boy shaved in their heads
modern country is like a turd that won't flush down
Hey, forgive my ignorance but that is so provocative...what is a southern baptist methodist?
Shawn Henry, Executive Assistant Director of the FBI. Lunchtime speaker ast the ISSA conference.
murder suspect on the loose in encino... i feel so safe... :(
The hampden games are cancelled due to rain. Stop by fraziers for half price burgers and natty bo's.
Thanks for following! Happy Friday!
This is so crazy!
Ugh, why can't it be 50+ degrees
aint bin on here in a min
Get over yourself.
Lights get low, and that's when I have my brightest ideas
Love that we cannot have is the love that lasts the longest, hurts the deepest, and feels the strongest.
I am ready!!
Great reminder Denny! Have a great one!
A3: I tend to comment on blogs daily - not a quota or plan, just comment as I read.
Please, IB bouncer. Let me in tonight. It's my last night.
Let's go now! RT Is it dinnertime yet?
hey duuuuc do you know bruce's email address?
OH on plane flight: "Well at least that Alex Baldwin isn't here to be mean to people"
Always, as I work with another, I am also working with myself.
how your doing? How is life?
really bitch. because i wont be there. get your shit straight.
With my favorite girls at :)
- Albert Einstein
Thank GOd !!!!!!! 7 weeks and i can get outta HAVILAND THANK U JESUS!!!
Happiness is cold pizza and raspberry/dark chocolate M&Ms.
jealous! I've been craving it for ages!
“Like” this post if your goal is to be happy!
what can i do to get through to you that you're the one for me there's nothing i wouldn't do! -jeydon wale
made 100$ today for pep squad ;D
He who lives looking for pleasures only, the devil will certainly overthow
How much work do you do yourself on home remodel projects?
i am like BORED
Damn this slush/rain
thanks for the mention.
goodmorning! Wish me good luck on my social studies test?(:
ha i hate the dentist
I changed my passwords to INCORRECT. So next time I forget my password it will tell me 'Your password is incorrect" ;)
Be sure to follow headquarters on Twitter! Check in daily for sweet deals, contests, a peek into the doghouse and more!
My head hurts
If forever ended now, is this where you'd want to be?
Manchester United all day.
Going to shake it up with Howie Schneider and the #newsliteracy #medialiteracy folks at the March 16 event at UConn
"If you think you are too small to be effective, you have never been in the dark with a mosquito" RT ()
was so thirsty to be apart of this friday shit, that when he got locked up in twitter jail, he just hacked account
: I doubt it!
That moment when you feel really pretty but no one's around to see. :( SECOND DAY IN A ROW!
No, not for a few more months. I'll be in DC off and on in the summer. Hopefully more on than off!
u lost without me bro <3
Communiticating with spirits.
Please go to my site www.normanrayfitts.com and click on "The Sentinel" and let me know what you think of the cover for the book. Thanks
headphones on, me singing but no music playing! -_- so much for playing music..
It didn't help that bullpen fried and Gallardo only went two innings yesterday
Have A Great Day N. A Good AM to all my Followers.....
It has been a great day. kids & I made breakfast in bed 4 their mom, played her fav board game, made her fav dinner & about 2 watch survivor
RT : Thx for visiting today! Great tips for #PR peeps.
Applying for student teaching.. too bad it's a year later than I'd hoped. Oh well
How are men and parking spots alike? The good ones are always taken and the ones left are handicapped.
Trying to procrastinate this hw right now....
Good morning to all my friends both new and old :)
Since 2000, pregnancies among unmarried TX teens rose 7 percent to over 44,000. Infant mortality rate was up 10%.
: okay! Live you too.
turned out good tho..."for the kill"especially
Well have good time chilling love u
totally disagree -- an institution is only as strong as it students no matter their background.
oh and macroons!
this is gonna be fun. #mojitos #morelikeBROjitos The only thing the could improve this sitch is if could meet up!
how the heck do u get to all these ballpacks?
Sitting behind the critics row at a screening of Young Adult. They all look perfectly metropolitan with black glasses and 5 o'clock shadows
lol hell yea
I'm done!
true. but they still have open meet & greets now so we need to grab this opportunity as much as we can and hope for the best! :)
I'm so blessed(:
#NationalForumOnYouthViolencePrevention: Reentry begins when folks enter not leave prison
RT : we'll have 2 C if we cn get u 2 do a jazzercise class ths year. > I'm down. How about the GIN BLUE drink we talked about??
If I don't stop listening to turn it down, I'm pretty sure the rest of the atoms apart album is going to sound like it
Join us for brunch today!
I Love ICONic Boyz. Im An ICONic Girl!(:
I wish! Going to Cape San Blas w/my inlaws. Diving in Panama City Beach!
Can't believe that the is next week! Good luck to all the competitors!
You are more then welcome...
#Wisconsin #scottwalker #republicans #teaparty snatched the #panties off #unions #publicemployees #middleclass - #Democracy to
I know, right?
Ouch! Cousin just got hit HARD on the forearm by a pitch! It sounded like a bat! Omg he just passed out! Omg.
Happy Mothers Day!! At church in Orange County :)
Tan at our Chelsea location- 7th avenue between 23rd & 24th
Very bad day.
Haha, I do that sometimes! A frustrating number of things on Pinterest are just images without a link to the website though.
awesome. That's our neighborhood fave for sure, maybe even pdx fave...
Cranberry juice and vodka make an excellent combination.
uploaded the video upside down...pointless assignment but learned a lot about "life"
On way to Vail, Colorado to go see my sister for a cpl days and get my mind right.
I bet your dick blows lasers when it roars. BLARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGH
wont be lifted til friday.....so antoons then?
Loved our time together today! So thankful for what God is doing in your life.
omg love it!!!
Philip Seymour Hoffman's in the bar I chose for my birthday.
Ok halfway through the Lego store line.
MASH #QUOTE: Klinger: "I will remember all the good times, I will. I think there were three."
Everyday i think he will ask me '/.
I heart Ira Glass. What a wonderful afternoon.
Excellent. You'll be in my thoughts.
Holidays can only mean 1 thing for parents: children on vacation from school! How did you encourage your children to learn during holidays?
Merry ChrismaChanaKwanza to all of you out there!!! From JTP rep Jo-Wayne!!! from G.I. to Worldwide!!!! and it dont stop!!! 2012!!! WOW!!!
I do get it. It's worth NOTHING at all so talk about something relevant. Something relevant.
I miss reading Jake's tweets.
i loved it...and i miss you.
I hear out a month. Unfortunate, wish you the best my friend.
I can't wait till 's Ustream!(:
Just picked up these weird throat numbing things and just my luck, my cheeks and tongue are numb and my throat still kills. fml.
I still wanna go to the auto show before it ends. I aint been since I was in drew..
webseries webseries webseries :) but I agree, I do miss seeing you as a cook...
CALL OF BOOTY: MODERN WHOREFARE
i wana play u in draw something! Haha i got it on my ipod.
Running in 93 degree weather is asinine.
my band on my braces keeps falling out why,
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 45
RT "Unless we tackle race & diversity in education, we could very well have an underclass of people of color." - professor
I personally don't have any at WDW. I forget the rules of getting a virtual approved, but you can find them at Geocaching.com
Thanks for the great content!
Districts, despite our constraints, do have the flexibility to reward and recognize teachers better than we are doing it now.
research into county boundaries starts with text -- the laws that create the counties as Performance Speech -- not maps.
Can't wait to get out of work and enjoy the weather.
are you coming to SFO?
lmao damn just like that huh? I like how you didn't hold back, put me on blast lol
NO FUCKING WAY! haha too funny =) i came across him on instagram
The awkward moment when you realize your joke isn't as funny as you thought.
Jeeshhh hardcore advice on twitter.
Mrs. had a great time working with you to help clean up RI Ave.!
Everything happening with my family is just to much to bear. Idk if I'm gonna be able to make it through everything
Where would we be without ramen, though?
inbox messaging, the ability to reply to wall posts and etc
This a good #QR codes plan for Victoria Secret? Lingerie QR scans earns loyalty points.
I hate feeling like this for you:/
yeahh...the one I love doesn't love me back ):
Smashing Pumpkins all day today!!!
great move. Keep us all posted.
THATS THAT SHIT I DON'T LIKE!! LOL I HATE THAT SHIT (I CAN'T STOP SAYING IT THO)
I AM SORRY BUT YOU KNOW WHAT BOTHERS ME? TO SEE A CONSCIOUS SISTER TALKING ABOUT REVOLUTION WITH PRADA HIGH HEEL BOOTS ON!
Did anyone hear about the gun saftey instructor that shot himself in the head while explaining how mistakes happen with careless people
I'm starting a #hipsters jogging blog. They look so silly.
Thanks Jesse! Today is what, day 8? How long do you think #occupyportland will last?
so i've got many to spare and wine is a great option for a night like this :)
just watched it and I agree. His range is amazing!
The wheel a.k.a. my husband is quite the pizza maker these days. Crust from scratch and all. thin whole wheat crust has really evolved.
Time to end another tweet drought. Greetings, Twitterverse!
I love me some
is about to take one giant step forward or make several steps back. I hope I make the right decision.
Interviewer-"So, How do you draw a girls attention?" Justin-" by saying; Hi, Im Justin Bieber"
8k is done. I am zonked. Asked a lady to take my pic. Told her I was alone "b/c all my friends are alcoholics and not up this early."
Happy Saturday!
#FridayReads A Storm of Swords by George R.R. Martin.
How can you have 6 more weeks of winter when you have not yet had any winter?
sometimes i sit and wonder what the world would be like if i wasn't awesome. THAT would be scary.
NJ Climatologist operates way more hourly weather stations than NWS. NJ weather contractors have better understanding of local climate.
Nice Pic. Who's That Guy? LOL
Is anyone interested in playing words with friends? Let's play! My user name is jamiesfc
Feeling Cheated <
Android or iPhone? What's your flavor?
man... Somebody pass me a brew (or three)
nap time like a mud.
“So excited for the dynamic duo writing team of & hubby David on Nov. 13 at 3p. New Ella Clah mystery. YAY!”
The thing that makes Los Angeles unique and special is that the cultural skeleton is not European.
Experiencing panera bread for the dirt time with
damn that tweet was depressing
I just put the story up my story ppl
You don't think I already know that?? -_-
My Updated Site: www.leagoldman.com
Hi Sweetheard how are u?
I wanna work with on music with anyone. So if you do rock,country,pop,gospel anything hit me up. I'm always down too collab.
Get my new camera next week =D
#NowThatImOlder i realized giving head is mandatory for a happy relationship..who da thunk.
so sweet thank you :)
I can't believe we have had our antique store open for a year already, wow, time does fly....
best photographer in the game!
Are you ready I'm almost with you!
In the mood for some food
I have so many bruises and cuts i look like im abused...
Craft just got thrown to the ground a.d the ref watched
1758 N. Sedgewick in Old Town ;)
Potential Affiliates... 100% Pure, All Natural, Vegan Skin & Hair Care Products. No Hidden/Questionable Ingredients. beautysnatural.com
Good evening-how is the kitty tonight?
Audition today (in like 15 mins) for a Home Depot commercial.
#Tool kicking off their summer tour on July 18th.. Let's hope they make another trip to Dallas!
Looking at a light then seeing bright colorful dots.
As a trombone player, loved the brass interlude in Rock On. #kidrockdso. Great stuff, great show.
Looking at Online courses for C and objective C - any suggestions?
If i hear my neighbors yippie ass dog one more time im going to put it in a microwave.
it was the sla ucla chapter. A classmate volunteers at kcrw and the music librarian was super excited to show ppl around.
#ihatemondays where there is a test tht u r not prepared for
i love that i have a guarantee on seeing you at every good show!
highly believable. you said yourself that you bet i have girls all over me at all times. did you just prove yourself right?
Did you bring a bag lunch today? Lol
you know life is what we make it, and a chance is like a picture, it'd be nice if you just take it.
that's very touching :)
#IThankGod all day, everyday.
04.17.12 -- A day to get all things squared away. Settle your finances. Sign a contract. Organize your life.
Neglect not that the earth delights to sense your empty feet and the winds long to play with your hair.
Had #pizzapit and the last two #summershandys for dinner...
or u could use them all @ once
So, I've come to the conclusion.. I'm too excited too sleep!
nice & glad to hear. such an important thing and often overlooked.
I've been watching your TL. I hope you're good homie. <3
no question
It was kind of a theme!
that is very impressive as well!
Ok I have a account n I'm looking for new Co owners so tweet me if u want to be one
I have a meeting, but I'll be hh by 7pm, maybe earlier.
Oh, yes. It will be properly documented. :)
What do you think about the President's shift on the birth control policy?
what a beautiful day!
What path are you going to Choose? Choose wisely
So the #Colts basically traded Peyton Manning for Drew Stanton...
Yes...Come on down.
Not sure I feel any better having all this info re: #loubridge. Pretty sure I feel worse.
I don't know why but I love anchor tattoos.
mac bots are almost as obnoxious as Scientology bots.
Divine fire would be good! Boiler off. Air conditioner on. Chicago frigid May. Bring on the Divine Fire!!!
we love you too!
no it wasnt u sounded great with all of ur songs (:
The shinbone is a device for finding furniture in a dark room.
thats what I like to hear. Il be putting in a lot of work this summer. and contacting some music labels in USA and Europe
I like when you're patronizing in the right way.
no problem! Happy 2012!
Where's my Thursday night? I don't just want it, I need it.
Innovation and Invention together w/ Comprehensive Immigration Reform to KEEP talent in our country.
Noticing a bulb/unlit/wearing/an eye-mask/your legs/are canes/been disabled/since birth
Thx for the invite. My hockey team has a playoff game 2night so I gotta pass. Enjoy!
Check out my new on Facebook, Speak For The Silent
in one week from today I'll be in NY mastering "MOVING ON"!! I'm so excited doot doot doo doo!!
gonna be real awkward when someone tells bobby valentine that the red sox can't draft anthony davis, even if they tank the whole season
If that was an option, I would gladly take it. I've never been able to make it work that way.
The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen.~ Frank Loyd Wright
Gotta go to urgent care<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
if the rumors are true and a boston fan was killed in the riots, I am very upset with #vancouver come on, that is fucking pathetic.
Speaking at Robert Morris College at their Culinary Symposium tomorrow. Little nervous...wish me luck!
TY I am! Just finishing assembly of beautiful shelf unit for my dining room. Hope your weekend it great as well!
no need to apologize, it's all part of the election excitement !!!
:') okay *Goes Running to your house*
LOL I just went to this house party last saturday & Wellington was there haha :)
he's on craack or some.
they will definitely lol “: Lakers might get swept!”
Thank you #CLE for a great weekend. Book with us for bottle & transportation deals. Special Thanks to
My head has been pounding all day long...side effects!
Did your dad dig our burgers?
those cute texts i send you>
note to self: don't fouette in the living room.
Now: town hall on future media - btw happy birthday to
The release of CS6 is today! Who is excited?
3 finals down, 2 to go.
Si. Last night. Five iPads. Five people. The #target five.
A beautiful, powerful night of theatre.
Charity Partner spotlight: hope for Heather Foundation supports young women living with breast cancer. Heather Taylor was 26 when she died.
Not enough sugar in my coffee. I wouldn't even be drinking this if it wasn't for you, Gorgeous Iowa State Guy. I blame you.
In french tomorrow is #GYHAB Music video but in American is tonight! - xo Demi.
Hey Mr. Bond...thx for the 5. Where in Houston are you?
Mason Co 32 Montgomery Co 26 at the half.
The is honored that so many students were able to experience and the video is wonderful too!
damn that sounds painful
u dam rite
I'm writing this all down to let you know, I gave you my very best.
USPS site is a HUGE fail. 1. cant sign into account 2. Cant request new pw 3. Offered online help/chat-got a message that its offline
The Hometown Tourist digs Maryland, archeologist tourism in the Free State about 1:40 pm Friday
I'll be sitting here for ever following all of ' followers, LMFAO. Tell your followers about me! <3
Here's what I think: Apple will introduce an iTunes store for traditional print media.
Excited to be moving into my first house in Plainfield! Living with my brother is a different story lol
Author Shonna Milliken Humphrey speaks about her new book "Show Me Good Land" at the Brown Bag Lecture Series today! 12-1pm in the Rines!
drop to the floor make that ass shake make the ground move thats an ass quake ,roll my weed on it thats an ass tray
“: good morning!!!”GM! have a nice day!
Why does this ProTools bounce countdown feel like its moving slower than actual time?
i'm sick of thdominat0r. what should i change my username to...
Any other day of my life I can't STAND sleeping with socks on but when I'm sick, it's like heaven! Sweet dreams.....hopefully :) nite!
oh forsureee well let me know when you'll be this way and we can set something up.. I'll draw you up something nice
I love free lunch.
No, thank you!!! I'm sorry I couldn't get you that many followers. Over the weekend I'll try again when more ppl are on(:
Misreading signals, attachment issues.
where yo phone ?
So the tbell bathroom I just went into has automatic lights. Get classy one time!
hell yeah!
cutting it pretty close there =)
I remember the 1st season. Stopped watching after that. :-(
Likely Epitaph: Here lies John so drunk He fell from his boat and drowned Embracing the moon.
-- yeah, I would love to see that.
Good morning everyone have a great Thursday!
I did bto
Halo mahomies :D
where'd that come from?
loaded on fuse music
- say it ain't so! The world will never be the same without ShitShow!
Name an ice cream topping that every ice cream shop should have.
I'd rather have Foster than Mccoy.
Good morning people.
A restaurant could say the same. Disease and problems usually happen at the farm not the table. Somethin to think bout. :)
thanks boo :) i'll hopefully be seeing you soon. what days are usually free?
Misses her freshman students:/
will you dm us your email address so we can arrange getting your prize to you?
lol no one follows me
Pretty proud of what we accomplished yesterday w/ !
ONE DIRECTION HERSHEY TICKETS NEXT YEAR :'D
I really hate the fact that all the Celtic fans on my timeline look good though .... Well besides one and I zipped her tweets quick fast!
No Big Ten or Atlantic 10 team has won the Old Spice Classic, until today. Dayton or Minnesota.
RT I leave for exactly 2 weeks from today. I'm so ready. /// bro we still need to get together..
$3.70 more & you can cop a nick sack is all I'm saying.
No thanks, I don't enjoy listening to teeny pop songs by high school girls, that's so 90s...
Hey, Valya, thanks for the RT! I appreciate your support.
thanks for the follow ;)) I followed ya back!!
be careful
:-) follow me please
If you are going to do something in politics do something controversial there is no place for timidity in politics - Cicero
question....what is dry soda?
Boyle's softball field >>> everybody's in the area !
In the past day, the word "hate" has been tweeted 145K times, but the word "love" has been tweeted 628K times.
thanks for that
I think I have a secret crush on now!! All b/c of the interview! Of course knows how to interview!
the year of the dragon
I'm sure it's good.
Holy junk people, what is this? National Ask Shaina Out Day? Calm down there gents!
“: fine but you're still taking me to Mexico.” you're stern, but fair.
- Very cool! =) Thanks a lot! We're trying to do weekly giveaways on there so definitely check it out. Enjoy the game!
When someone says #imFromJERSEY I usually respond with oh I thought I smelled something.
come to the Bing lot 4-6 and party. Open bar. Lots of free food.
passing Bristol Motor Speedway
JaniceLachance: Lovely stay at Nottoway plantation last night. Great way to decompress from
FEELS GOOD TO BE UP PRAYING WHILE MOST OF THE COUNTRY IS ASLEEP! THAT'S THE WAY TO A PRODUCTIVE AND VICTORIOUS DAY! GOD BLESS
dang i still cant believe this gossip they put out about u keep doin u my nigga
:O MATT, HOW DARE YOU SAY THAT!! I KNOW I'M COOLER THAN THAT MATT!!!
Design is not the narrow application of formal skills, it is a way of thinking. — Chris Pullman
56 pitches in the 2nd inning?
21 c family? DC Metro @ CP: Both parents on Blackberries and 2 yr old in stroller playing on his iPhone 4
Omg lam lam dancing is so cute
you too! Yay team!
yea dnt b all worried lolz
Lovett has 18 at the Half
Damn right you are! Haha just kidding. It's fine I forgive you ;P
is probably getting notifications to his phone and going, "I'm dating a lunatic!" ;) jk jk
it shows maybe the bad guys for the next movie nd a funny seen where the Avengers are all together
HAHAHA, love that! <333 How funny, cause some girl in my math class who's on the team said they were gonna win2day. Lmfaoo .
i read the tweets about us sometimes and im just like we are so retarded haha
Well, I'm glad you're feeling a little better anyway. :)
Second cup of coffee for the day #addicted &
'if you want to really do a good job at urban affairs coverage, love it.' 'you can learn what you don't know.'
damn that insulating foam! once the straw breaks, its worthless. ugh.
I miss you buddy
I've already forgotten. What was it really?
R.i.P Knicks
Let's quit school together?
I have tickets to your 2013 tour!!!! Im so excited!
what are u guys talking about?
Yep. Feeling good. Thanks!
We are the d we are the d we are the d we are the d
My step dad pisses me off so fuckinn early !. >.<
I've never told anyone to 'go suck on an egg.' Or a lemon.
I'm so happy I'm black. Just felt like saying that.
Back to Back #Jacks I love #Batmagic !!! RollTribe and sacrife more rum for
I never have bad days...some days I learn a lot others I just learn a little...but always grateful for everything <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Who's got some new footage/photos? We want to see street skating!!
Wait a second .. I dont want to leave Florence. I am so sad. I am going to miss you so freakin much!
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: When working - eliminate all distractions. That means no television in the background.
I will be tweeting from this account dont worry
Future news: A Brit woman died skiing across #Antarctica : British woman heads for South Pole, attempting to ski solo across
Love that Morgan has no idea what Braveheart is when reporter asks about his Usain Bolt arrow pose. #fearthebeer 7-6 bottom of 9th.
Eww what's in Texas?? lol
Happy hump day!!
do u like it?
you're welcome! I have to cheer for someone in the Miss Teen USA comp so why not u, besides you look like a pretty cool girl
Have you tried our new menu? It's delicious!
I hate that.
I hate it when people are stupid and only follow you to see if you will follow back. And if you don't they stop following you? Wtf?
but i have to finish by 10:30 am
Thanks, guys. We were excited to see it, too.
Happy Monday Stinky Lovers, Today is National Fragrance Day, go out and enjoy the smells of Spring today, or wear your favorite perfume :)
Co-sign! RT : Channing Tatum in a Tribe cap is honestly the sexiest thing I've ever seen.
#RelationshipsNowdays won't last that long.
I'm jonesin' for Diet Coke right now. It's seriously a problem.
it didn't go off while i wan on air, he.
Tweet tweet tweet, Facebook Facebook Facebook
Jessica alba on Ellen DeGeneres show. Two awesome females, each in their own way.
RT : CNN just ran another story on orange juice futures. Must be a core component of our financial system.
michelle beadle love u and will u be my wife yes she will
Ebay and Word Press --making a living from home. It's not rocket science and no, I"m not selling anything. My tips are free
That legacy is a beautiful thing :) Congrats to you and your pop doing big things!
We've made it half way through together! Wake up with us on the !
I'm about to hit the scene, but hard. Get ready for a reaction.
Their definition of embarrassing is not DOING something to embarrass me, but making me look bad to do so. Get me get me get me. Noyoudont.
You're taught to be still and let Him work, yet your desire to be in control of it all makes you restless.
me too xD
Just coming thru n showing love n u also have gud music keep up the gud work
Next step...MailChimp integration. Gotta have an email capture form...
OMG i won the contest for to go to the movie premiere of bully omq
“: People with no kids always talkin bout what parents should do lol”me
It's not so bad being hunted by Ring Waifs.
It's 17C/63F in EP and my grandma wanted me to wear a jacket! Only here.
Bingo boards are fun! I provided a SOTU word bank, & students chose 24 words for their boards (plus a "freedom space").
Tarot lady "I see a lot of confusion. Especially from the heart" lady, you picked the only time in my life I'm NOT confused.
lol yo fam did u play college ball or something?
Crashing bigtime. Went to bed at 11 pm, A was in bed with us at 1:30 am, and W was up at 4 am. Need sleep ... little else seems to matter!
come on #HP Deskjet... please reinstall my driver and work already!
I want a pet #owl (:
happiest birthday, beautiful lady!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
can't find ur number that's y I said call me I never saved ur number cuz of the BD problem remember what happened
When a guy in another choir looks like him....
lol I knew u would b heheheh
Finally got some nice weather! New Pazzo Levers for '09 R1's in stock. Come in and say "Hi". We're here 10-7 M-F and 9-5 Sat. Ride safe!
What if Sarah Phillips is all of us?
from one taus to another, hang in there brother
awesome, snagged an audition tomorrow AM!
Just registered for the American Psychological Association's national convention in Orlando..... But August seems such long time away.
ON MY WAY TO VIRGINIA WITH MY SCHOOL<3 16 hours to go(:
walk to work, so I feel more like Pete Campbell...
Feeling weird... but T.G.I.F.!
Suite six flo. S/O and
is polishing rocks, cushioning hard places, and waiting for the sun to rise.
Sorry.....i don't speak skank
so hype,going2 Manhattan Sunday feels like years i haven't gone.....
If there was only a way that both Nashville and Detroit could lose...
watching the Chicago 10 with brothers and sisters at #OccupyChi. blown away...
hide in the bathroom for a moment. It may be the only way to get temporary freedom.
YESS!!!! hahaha. That's what I like to hear! LOL!
Try flicking the bean.
I'd respond if I weren't over my time limit :-P
I never asked this my whole entire life but why do black people get ashy?
Remember beta latch discount now through oct. 15 don't miss out!
RT Im a business woman so dont try and talk BS to me.. #rookiemove... LOL
man, i hate that. Sry hun, hope u get to sleep soon!
so i am a proud jonas fan and i am not afraid of what ppl have to say follow if you believe it too
Missed it at SXSW so had to catch Marley tonight. Amazing documentary about a man who truly loved all & gave us such sweet music. Go see it.
Orville Wright was involved in the first aircraft accident. His passenger, a Frenchman, was killed.
I'm really gonna feel salty if coach makes me run the 200m tomorrow
Oh is my 1D singing interupting your conversation? TOO BAD.
honestly, names aren't as important as the approaches anyway=)
What does that mean. Last year I did five stage shows with 3 leads. What???
Im in a constant state of exhaustion when the #Brewers are in town, but it doesn't stop me from frequenting Miller Park..
I wonder if has gone to see Smart since that first class lol
Chicago bound! Chhheeyyeahh!
Duerson fund to aid children with head injuries The family and friends of the late NFL star Dave Duerson have begun a program to help hig
O no lolRT : •African tribe dance•
Like your picture
It's so early but i'm so not going back to sleep, what to do with my day
Lamichael James is a beast. Just a bit to injury prone for me. I dont understand wasting a high pick on a RB.
A nice piece, congratulations!
most people can't speak on the subject like last night, but on thing that fa sure. Convo was Real!
I'm so excited my AT&T magazine just got delivered!
So you can whip out in front of me but then you go 5 under the speed limit.
Author of Sleeping With Your Smartphone says "unplugging" takes a team, not a village. Story coming soon!
During the next few days I will be donating my services to develop a donation website for a 10 year old who got diagnosed with leukemia.
Just picked up my copy of Dyson's book. Looking forward to it.
Ok that's it- I have to write a book. Or a sitcom. My life. Starring me. Resolution.
Great question. Give me a call in my office to discuss. I'm always available for my team. Thank for your input.
game over...Yanks are bats have been silenced by Lee.....losing game 1 is bad for the team that does
Bounce on Saturday = Crazy! & what do you think?
Drunk on a Tuesday! Why
Steph Curry and the Warriors will play the Nuggets tonight in the first of three meetings this season between the two teams
wish it was socially acceptable to wear a poncho around town
thanks for the RT! :)
AH, why are you so Beautiful? &&Blue is defiantly your color! (:
RT : A BIG congratulations to #WISELA Executive Board Member Allison Howard on her new position with !!
Wake and bake then 34th and SoHo for some shopping.
HEY #Detroit! ONLINE tickets for are all SOLD OUT! However, we WILL be selling tickets @ the door!
I hear birds.
that's good to hear!! I was hoping for your sake it was phoney!!
great flick. Great books too!
RT Unexpected pleasure of #MetGala livestream: listening to the photographers go ballistic whenever someone walks into their shot.
super for you!
Yes and...if you were a Robot you'd be a hack em, sack em!
Put some aloe vera on it if you've got any, you'll feel much better.
Just one (studio apartment, womp womp).
Remarkably, re: basketball leagues, both my WI keeper roto (2nd) & NY auction h2h (1st) are in-play on final day of goofy, all-INJ. season.
Get better. We all love you. Your the best, josh. Soak up that sun.
I eanna know why I ant sleep...maybe it's the fucking 2 bottles of mntn dew I drank.hell why not?
Ponder just breathed a sigh of relief
Only two weeks till Jesus Christ Superstar & Midsummer Nights Dream Auditions 1-4pm @ CSV Cultural Center 107 Suffolk St ,NYC! ages 12-21
im not.
you have way too many pairs of sneakers ! Lol
one thing to remember is it was never designed to do what it is currently being asked to do
no idea. Have seen some say they used it as early as 2001, now seems to be experiencing a resurgence.
I got my picks for tonights games on #TNT video blog up soon #Knicks #Bulls #Thunder and #Blazer fans #NBA Fan check me out #RT 3
- I am still v. dizzy, i have Fibromyalgia, my balance is v affected when the weather changes, so i thought 'as usual, just me!'
Much like the undead, at dawn we sleep.
Hehehe did John tell you bout him wanted to go to high school in Amherst!?
thank you sir
at least Verlander's throwing in triple digits….IN THE 9TH
Why are you being harsh and embarrassed about it. Own it, live it, don't be shy or you're just frontin'
You are welcome
Pat Summit to receive the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest civilian honor our country has to offer. Well deserved.
Bourbon over ice. Period.
You never sleep lol . txt me
MY CHEEK HURTS. I want food now.
It's so beautiful!
Craving grits...
thanks for the welcome! Glad to be part of the online #caschools and #earlylearning convos!
#LTNY up next: international data concerns w/ experts from Cleary & B of A, led by the incomparable ^BM
The Wards, Stevie, Julie, Sammi, Carly, and I just spent about 20 minutes watching a slug. As we make jokes.
Pollution report: More Americans breathing easier
has tons of new settings to tweak your profile. So here goes test
it would really nice if you would noticed me!
yep...that's why I always finalize my mocks by 6pm night before so nothing said matters lol
Does faster, better or cheaper matter most to customers?
Does Boca Raton need a new mayor?
this man called his og for two bags of flamin' hot cheetos... smh
That person's on drugs, obviously.
yay! I'm hoping for that too. :) have a safe flight!
Somebody Ring Ring my Celly <U+260E>
#ARSENAL! Good job boys...way to finish the season.
I still have 200 pages left!! I haven't had any time to myself lately.
Thank you to all the great volunteers who came out this weekend to block walk, phone bank, prep signs and help us move forward!
I thought one of my co-workers was pulling my leg about a mexican latte! They are definately worth gettin!
right here!
don't know
Tim Duncan got a haircut? Spurs might win it all man.
In the in studio with the boy and making these hits!!
Happy Easter! (:
#YallAreNotDating if he always making excuses when you tryna see him
I got on the scale this morning. but there was a camera in the room that added 10lbs. I am sure it did, whether it was on or not.
Cool. Glad you're enjoying it.
I asked God to resurrect me like Jesus and he did it twice #Happy Easter
When you say it like that, I don't know if I wanna try it. O___O #Yikes! lol.
you something else you need a hug... Lol
Thanks Tommy, I got another but I appreciate yours too!
LA, CA- need females for photoshoot. Nudity involved. Pay is 160 dollars. (Casting Code B3)
I really don't want to take my tai chi exam tomorrow.
#IHaventLetGo #WithoutAFightYet, and i don't plan to. i've put so much into this.. i can put more into it. no matter, how long ive to wait.
Simone, one of our guinea pigs, will be entering the local vet's Halloween costume contest. She's an adorable witch. So much fun!
don't forget to RSVP for our breakfast on Thursday morning. It's going to be a great session! hope to see you all there!
I didn't realize I was less than content with Delicious until checking out Pinboard just now. Tempting...
I'm making my bigger millefiori earrings again. It's the size I nearly always wear & have been getting lots of interest in the larger size.
Right there with you, Ma'am. Greg is very blessed to have you in his life. He knows this of course but I just had to acknowledge
Just saw the best presentation I've seen in weeks from the founder of
We hit 1,000. Halfway to corndogs. Fine work people.
Jonathan Spector comes on, my optimism of a win sinks a little....
and you didn't like it?! I loved that movie, I guess I'm a bigger nerd than you :p
We did meet, yo! January 27 aka the day that I fucking miss.
wow. thank you!!!!
ha ha ha teach u to go to sleep late lol
"Just give it a little second." My feeble attempt to convince my brother to let me listen to any Taylor Swift song in his presence.
API- interesting proposal for job creation
Read the first chapter of *Home* for
Exactly. Just wishful thinking. They're not "screwed" but no chance any combo of Kruger, Kindle, Upshaw gives what he did. None.
message me back!
Okay, i will put it in there Tomorrow :)
I think that the increasing power & ubiquity of our info networks reduces the degree to which we can mythologize public figures-
#ThoughtsDuringSchool wtf?? A test. Dis watermelon head lookin ass didnt tell us about a test.
Any good documentaries at #Sundance this year?
is this some sort of app?
Will you be in LA this summer?!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I thought it was stupid..now I'm kinda obsessed
It's official...Her Campus Wake Forest is a chartered organization! Huge thanks to who started this process over a year ago!
Voltron, He-Man and Waldo in same commercial, pretty cool.
German food for me is always like an episode of Man vs. Food. Food invariably wins.
is lizard lick starting back up June 10
It's Saturday Here Also :D xx
#FF I miss you ladies!
RT : so interesting RT : Homeland EP on "star-f-cking" that goes on at HBO, he's glad his show didn't land there...
What you don't want to live the High Life? Guilty as charged I'm afraid...
that's great!!!! Please contact Precious Little( VP)
i love it when my wife sings. ;)
Loftus inaugural address: "Many parts. One body" exemplifies Stritch's commitment to service.
Nickys BIG BABY!!
#dearyoungself twitter and facebook are going to be awesome, oh and buy some apple stock
auto-fill/correct strikes again. What can I say?TC=technologically challenged!
thanks for following me. Press on.
Happy Easter everyone! Be sure to come check out our show this coming Saturday at the Clifton forge armory!
AH!!! WHO'S READY FOR BELIEVE, COME ON LET'S SEE HOW MANY PEOPLE:) tweet me with #ReadyForBelieve and I'll RT IT Leggo <3
Write on!
"I am nothing. I have to be hyperactive all the time to fascinate people enough so they don't notice there is nothing." Zizek or Canseco?
Apparently every time I tweet I get a FREE iPad!
#questionsthatdontgetanswers do you give head?
are you refreshing the tracking info every 10 seconds?
Dear Yahoo! Please make #delicious open source and give it to a nonprofit. We'll take care of it.
Thanks ! Looking forward to having you and your group here. Safe travels!
I hope 2012 turns out to be a great year!
this girl is a true friend, she helps with alott!< 3 I love heree!(:
thank you for giving your fans hope that anything is possible and inspiring us to #makeachange in the world!
that'd be quite the show!
lame i cant listen at work... Someone needs to shut kwing down... So i can listen ha
Tourney shirts for this weekend
That's a guy thing, yo...RT : Speaking of poop, anyone have poop phobia? Doesn't really go with being a mom.
Algebra sucks
I'm soo awesome oh so awesome It's amazing how awesome I am!!!! Lmaol Jhoselyne moment of the day!!!! :)
RT : write about a guitar or play the guitar?
and I need a new closer
how could i say no to that face. (:
One more chance tonight to see von Trier's 'Antichrist' on 35mm. Not the easiest film to watch, but it makes for GREAT lobby talk after.
Contemplating the day and its direction
it was a fire at the recycling center.
are you in love? (;
Waiting ON HIM....&Yeah im Tawkn about YOU....LOL LOL I LOVE YOU....
Yea Anyways Night
- Hi RexaRae! I never got it....can you re-send it as a Twitter direct message? Thx!.....Lovin' your look btw... :)
Find that happy place and close out the world and relax to your favorite music today!
The only way to have a friend is to be one
Hello gorgeous (yes, you)!!!! xoxo
Looking for some rad lil stretchy headbands and cute clips to dress up this pixie-cut! Where do you find your favorites?
Sending in a rookie to close it for Venturas first win as a manager. Ballsy or crazy? What a game. #whitesox. .
Red Knight goin' down!
useful to refer some patients there for our student-ran clinics. Otherwise, eff Walmart, as they work to impoverish people.
Thank God! Is she okay??
PLEASE send him my name to follow me.
How to Track Your Competition Online Using the HubSpot Software
Will you be able to come in and see it in person?
Today she would have been 69 years old. Everyday I miss her, and am thankful she was my mother for 36 years. I will love her always
is outlining national #LPC strat plan initiative, PTA funding, and Supporters launch on Council of Presidents call.
I used to be use to but i never got use to being what i use to
Omg where is the sun! Come on LA I live here for a reason!
This kids are such brats.
Thanks! Always nice to have more pix!
At the Childish Gamino concert!!!!!! Firefly
West Baltimore
Some big things on the horizon for my other band, Sound of Cancer! Stay tuned peeps :) You may be seeing a lot more of us here soon!
Great Meeting with today. So smart and ubber talented!
hahahaha finally someone says this!
You're not alone.....It happens to me alot too. :)
“: Starting to feel like a job matchmaker! Nearly daily asks for contacts who might be a good fit for various Do you need help
Man if life was like a flash of light to go sweet ass school in ohio
The heat is showing out
I really enjoyed the ID4 reboot I watched last night!
your mom is the biggest SWEETHEART ever :) can't wait for
How do you feel about RAIN.. YAY or NAY?! I'm going with a NAY for rain today :x
too,too funny!
SLEEP IS MINE!
LOL, I passed my 6,000th tweet. Oh well, no shoutout for ashley. I guess you'll have to wait for my 7,000th. ^.^
Blew yet another hour of my life on the internet. Time to get stuff done.
just the thought of seein that heifers thong.. Ick.....;)
yes it's still on an poppin!!
<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>Neva took class with em but as far as I new he was a good dude his son is in my prayers rip Malcolm <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
on Monday during his factor show
I'm not as good as you? No, I'm better.
I miss you too! Let's get our room situation figured out if youre down for saff and mosh like it's 1999.
RT Sad idiots? RT Who's gonna be watching #KhloeandLamar with me tonight!?
County Board of Supervisors unanimously votes on a map that creates a minority majority in District 1!
Wish I could gloat about the Celtics sweep of Meloicks, but it looks like the Nuggets will experience that same fate in a few days.
cant i have to finish my chores then wait for my mom to get home
also, getting it right in camera.
hii bud I'm using my twitter
People still know about Howard stern?
Amazing stats: IE usage on site is 19.51%, below both Chrome and FF. IE 6 is 0.13% of traffic! The future is here.
Are there PSSA's tomorrow?
The Rosa Parks of your FB...no, ma'am!
Please help!
always good! when are we getting our POC everything on?
--about big government conservatives. A lot of the resistance to Mitt, Newt, Rick came from exactly that. "Establishment" GOP.
Nice to meet you at the CALD meeting today.
That scared feeling that you get but theres no way of escaping... Im glad that man got in between the dogs and us. I should go back and ...
omg I love your cat
Which Chinese is most widely used: Chinese (Cantonese), Chinese Mandarin Simplified or Chinese Mandarin Traditional?
Uh oh, is after me.
I see that all the damn time
I'm off this to work on the mix tape(s) Hit me the fuck up.
I'm laughing so hard watching Pranked xD
Wishing you the best.
Yup so the next fight WILL have to be pacman vs. Mayweather. Srsly
Ugh work :-/ missing my hubby
doesn't like my tweets. how do I live with myself.. help me tom cruise
good to know...lol
#AnnoyingAsianThings when they hand up first in class when i wanted to answer the question!
goodnight for you :)
Cannot believe am waiting for a client who is over an hr late & has been promising to be here anytime soon!
Lord, I pray that you take the hearts of your people captive in a radical & new way. Set them ablaze. Time for people to really see Jesus!
#CSSOff design looks both fun and deceptively complicated. Can't wait to dig into it after work tonight.
i would i agree
Happy mothers day to all the mothers in the world. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090>
Apologies if I caused confusion on the OPDS thing.
Doing great hun! How r u?
We're looking for females ages 17-30 from all Caribbean islands to participate in our pageant!
I think my dog is going crazy with the smell of the BBQ pork tenderloin in the slow cooker.
The best way to "baby proof" your house is to wear a condom.
I don't want manning. Tebow better stay.
My dad is Not gonna buy the ingredients to help make my mom Chicken Alfredo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Boy, I wish I could :-( Who is going to Miami? I'll be there!
You may have different opinions of Season 1. It may have improved with age.
great way to end the night:)
Good for you!!
liquid chocolate and its delicious!
Dixiana is moving its office to Buddy Lee bldg where talent revolves and the studio to Berry Hill
Great thank you Dawn!!
I seriously hate #Sprortscenter. It is APRIL and the stupid ass NFL still dominates the show. So fucking sick.
They say love is in the air, so I hold my breath until my face turn purple.
The way you see them is the way you treat them and the way you treat them is the way they often become. Zig Ziglar
oh ok and dont make plans for sunday
those are SO good!!!!!
Puck drops at 7pm check out take on on 52 LCD screens!
wrestlung equals boring and brewers losing. but hey still in first place
let's just basically say guys or boys are asshole and direspectful!
I just saw it ahaha! She was so freaked out! xD
I agree with that piece on Bachmann. She's an intelligent person & probably somebody to look out for! Still slightly crazy.
Having a Grand Canyon Stout and Pizza for lunch. Both are pretty standard.
Huge pickup for the #Bolts...Melvin Ingram is gonna be a force
Ha. You're so generous.
do you know any good #deepdishpizza places in #Chicago ? I need foodie help!
is being reunited with Teeng Akol going to make you release the Marshall Co Suckfest podcast one more time?
lol I am so happy for you!!! lol but never forget Jaden!!!! or I might just have to slap you!
The @ ZooFit page is live. Like, and check out the completely simple plan to get your body ready for summer!
Computer Corner Armoire: Bush Series A Corner Hutch by Bush
Hey now, watch where you're throwing around "not into them". FACT ERROR -10
Soon we will offer Flexx-able technology solutions - tools that will allow you to focus on why you are in business!
My head is going numb
I'm so bored... dnt kno what 2 do
See, isn't easier saying y'all? :-)
Yes! What stop? Moving for good?
I get mine from Cactus Taqueria #1. But I hear good things about Benito's, I think that's what it's called.
Thanks for the followback!
My daddy needs to call me
Attorneys in redistricting case have finished presenting evidence. Recess until 7 then closing arguments begin.
4:20 FUNNY | Why didn't the chicken cross the road? He was a chicken.
Looking to buy or sell a Manhattan Condo? Tweet me! I have over 17 years experience selling throughout downtown Manhattan.
JW August says Saldana was the most assertive in the debate
Whole milk?!
Women are equal and they deserve respect. Just kidding they should suck my dick.
Congrats to former Sun Devil, James Harden. I'm usually a Suns fan, but for the playoffs I say #ThunderUp!
If money is the root of all evil ,, why do churches beg for it ?
u getting black maled for that white girl.
Why the f*ck I'm not in your BIO! Don't make me come down there & put this d*ck on you ;)
read it! I was just saying my creative writing I have to do everyday.
we outsource to another company.
great summary tho makes me sad about how much memorization the current #APUSH format has. Excited for 2014's changes
I think NSOMEs would make for a great future #slpchat topic!
Can I Get A Follow Back?(:
waiting for cake. oh yea, and my husband.
<==I am making some serious changes for me!
: "I watched NO COUNTRY IN OLD MEN and now I feel like Tommy Lee Jones represents 35mm and Chigurgh is Alexa cinematography."
Check out the Scouting Challenge at #SportsExposLV, in which local Boy Scouts will compete to win a $1,500 for their troop!
that's good (: ,ive been good too
Hey, thanks Drew! Hadn't made it over to your side of the building yet w/the news - and I still have a couple weeks.
Extremely disgusted with Komen pulling support from Planned Parenthood bowing to anti-abortion activists, they should be ashamed.
I'm this is weird but like the smell of fresh grass Omg. Lols.
Uhh , i just broke up with my GF, thats sad.
": What the pay rates different"<=lol yeah guess u can say that
Have you ever had a small bug on your computer screen and your first reaction is to scare it with your cursor?
Leadership on the PREVENTIVE side of this health crisis affecting millions of our young people in the name of sport is shameful.
So glad you joined the party RT : Setting sail on the #wine cruise with
louis:"harry?" harry:"yes? "Louis;"she's mine" harry:"yea but we had that thing going on member, when she invited ..." louis:"SHE'S MINE!"
great to see you as well.
Thousands of ppl here.
wine drinkers - $10 for tasting of 60 international wines at Riot Act.
I wonder if there will be this much hoohah when Elvis turns 100!
Hope the baby is safe and well loved
no way jose
You know you're a Swiftie if you don't give up on your dream to meet Ms. Swift :) Kepp on dreaming Swifties xoxo
Way to fucking cut me off you stupid ass fuckin iowan. Eat shit and die shit head. Ill kill
“The best use of money as a motivator is to pay people enough to take the issue of money off the table.” -Daniel Pink, 'Drive'
Final in Chicago! Knicks lose and Milwaukee takes 8th place on the tiebreaker!
Where is & ? I haven't talked to them in forever o:
#AT&T all day twitches! Verizon suckas! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
#flapanthers where's the defense and attacking??? Come on boys!!
I feel like I'm wasting my time. /:
- downloaded it, cannot get it to work
Perfect. When you back in LA? I'm there tonight- Thurs morn, playing the Troubadour Tues night...
Do they still have Myspace?
I just told my mom that tweeted/RTd me today! ^.^
Thats cool and I will do that :P <3
Wht did u guys get for christmas
Awesome. May check it out. Had trouble seeing clearly in the Beta and was a little jerky. If trully cleaned and improved, +++
he is my strength he fought his whole life he's my inspiration
What a beautiful colorado day spent out on.the golf course
Cops Arrest Naked Burglar Covered in Peanut Butter and Chocolate -
may the 4th be with you.
This is Billy Queensgap Reporting LIVE! From the studio.. Dick Ramsses is tracking guitar for "From Beyond".
Asking my fellow dog owners to please comply with local leash laws. A stray dog (or pack) is considered dangerous unless I know otherwise.
Lmbo I guess
It tasted as good as it looked! :) Have you been to ? It's my fave in #Vegas!
If you did not see it with your own eyes or hear it with your own ears, don’t invent it with your small mind & share it with your big mouth.
(article linked in previous tweet is en español)
Witticisms, not my milieu.
Rushers Love Their 4 Kings :')
I know its hard but stick to it. It took my daughter & I 8 wks to really find our bf groove. But so worth it.
When does Farmers Market open @ Cathedral Square?
Solicitor from NU's theatre program interpreted me while I was helping her to tell me how much she liked her own posters. In trash methinks
I hope you come back.
try the vue
I <3 my chiropractor!
Don't tweet and tell.
RT : Congratulations to Barbara Greenburg of Louisville for winning the car raffle!!!
the guys need to throw in "Let It Whip" by Dazz Band!
Five For #Friday is Back! The first five people to retweet, repost or refer will receive free access to our #Beta. Only a few spaces remain!
I'm trying to pull my weight here! Being fed margaritas at Toloache. That should provide some great material!
Laugh now cry later
It was well worth the wait smokin hotties!!!!!!!!!!
private instructor? sweet!!
go cats
Thanks for the retweet Jessica! All the best, Danko.
Thanks to and I feel like I'm at #ITC graduation...getting the sermon from my couch!
yay! on board w tech wrap-up from ala midwinter
Thanks for the MTs! Are you ready for a galley of the new book?
Tamagotchi, we aren't rain dancing again, okay?
Bing: a search engine who still don't know what honey badger is. Or Google.
do u like the raiders? ;)
This girl is soo sweet! You guys should follow her! and she's also a mahomie, actually a proud one ;)
It won't happen. Awesome space! Thanks BTW! xoxo
Comedy rules as TV networks start new season - Two and a Half Men without Charlie Sheen, Modern Family,Big Bang Theory and How I Met Your...
I goes to sleep late n get up early
Happy to be joined by this Sunday morning on #liveatdaybreak. is on honeymooning with Mr. Ritka.
ugh. I only go to Whole foods for their reliable yet over priced supply of I try to avoid their tiny, packed stores.
Summer Wheat?
Spending the last hour of the workday catching Murray State University's All Campus Sing Live Streaming
Am i the only one that is disappointed that battlefield 3 is doing close quarters maps? Feels like theyre trying to be another game.....
and they're always in the lower level while the true fans are in the upper level. makes no sense to me.
aw! Amul! You make a girl blush! Thx! Can't wait to see ya thurs!
I can’t stand the sound of people eating for some reason and this year I had to boom operate for two major dinner scenes - torture.
it's going to be a long list
RT : I hope you have a productive week! But if you're reading this that's already impossible.
Fuck virtual school, pool with my brother B)
Everyone be SAFE in Lexington tonight!
you got bumped around a bit but played hard - great job on the win!
"(Sparks is) Hilarious... will appeal to teenagers who are a little bit on the outside." - School Library Journal
It's the weekend, remember to watch out for the other guy.Be safe.
I'm trying my hardest!
its all good... He'll realize he list something gold
aww your sick?
And the insanity is over. Onalaska beats KM5-4 in the longest game ever!
What's going on, re not being able to run or workout? Sorry I am out of the loop.
Oh we know and love them. We know they will go first round in the draft and we love when they win.
: getting addicted to your house crasher, garden crasher, bathroom crasher shows. Love them! open to be your candidate for any of them!
'Powerful' I'm not convinced of, 'consistent' would be nice.
Singing one of my personal fave songs tomorrow for national youth day. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Let's agree. You #follow. I'll follow. You #unfollow. I unfollow. No one's Twitter account is "more important" than anyone elses. OK?
PBR @ House of Blues on Sunset Blvd tonight, 11pm. No cover if you mention Geniuspills.
What would you think if we could include Nike in our 2012 Camp schedule?
Been up since 3:30am with nasty sore throat. Bad time for vacation. Possibly worse time for
but I don't know if she is in LA or not. :(
I agree!
Thanks for the RT and the FB "like" earlier today. You've got my back today!
I'm always exhausted until my head touched the pillow. Then I'm wide awake
There you have it. Tim Dillard obviously practices his impressions instead of his pitching.
Nice photos, mate!
Sad little gia
Thank you Shady Lady for the awesome parking spot!!! Let's rock this Friday night Gypsy Style!!!
thanks for the retweet.
Missing persons case in the bay area at another homeless shelter, hopefully I will have the same success with this one as the last one.
#NOIData : Be a savvy data user. Ask to see what's under the hood of the model.
So , I write books . And I'm writing one right now . 5+ likes for a sample . :D Love you Mahomies <3 -Jordan Blaze <3
RT : "Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." - George Bernard Shaw
I 5x dare u... bitch ass.... hoes
You ask me!
so sad that the young see violence as a way of life -- glorified by The Media
"The brain takes the shape of whatever the mind rests upon." Rick Hanson on the importance of observing our thoughts.
did you cry? I would have cried!
if you were a grape you could grape people in the mouths
You're def bringing BACK great times and memories!!!! ;-)
hunger crisis in the #HornOfAfrica likely to worsen in the conflict zones of southern Somalia & Sudan in the coming months. Source:FEWS NET
Exciting to hear and meet , which is a collaboration with on education issues throughout NYC.
when you care about someone, some shit is hard
Jus went to my nigga AB funeral now jus found out yestaday my lil nigga J.R got killed n me n him was jus talkin n kickin it at da gym SUN.
We remember September 11 and the heroism and sacrifices of that day.
I love so much <U+2665>
J & A Foundation~ You can only flap your arms so much before gravity catches up to you.
Austin is moving to Miami this week.Im so proud of him although he'll be far away for me, he's living his dream, I couldn't ask for more <3
Nice! You're making jealous with these finds.
feeling that sweetness... have a nice day, ladies! Shake n Bake!
It smells like chicken
I LOVEE YOUR NEW TATOO<3 my days been okayy but it will be even better iif you follow me(:
You might let and know they have albums posted on their as well.
FINALLY!!! KNICKS brings down the HEAT. Go Knicks
All about my business... if you are too, then we relate
oh, well poop
I miss YOU. I miss your BLANKETS. I miss your BED. Mostly though, I miss YOU. :(
Studying a primary source for an assignment on the history of France. The first portion is titled "Adam and Eve."
you guys are dumb
never been on a bi-coastal date before. you figure it out, i'll wear my dancin' shoes.
It's official - we're writing the sequel to #whyworksucks. Deal signed, writing starting!!
Scream! That is fabulous fun! So proud of & for you Becca Woo Hoo!!!!
MT : 60% of the weddings performed in US 2008 had no religious ceremony. This isn't about God. It's about protections & rights.
GO ON FACEBOOK NOW. :O It's very important.
RT : RT : Q3 Have you been able to change your firm’s beliefs about social media? Strategies that work?
i gotta do something to fix my time clock, stayin up all night and sleepin half the day is not good... lmao!!! =P ->KimBeezy<-
I do love ghost stories especially first hand accounts! Can you give me your opinion on my short film? It's on my website
Really? Jazz really lol
Recording with Ami Saraiya then swinging old school with Myles Hayes at the Firehouse. 6:30-9:30
I go out of my way to swerve at geese in a parking lot.. Just because their so mean
Ever met a woman named David? I did :P
I asked for rain and thunderstorms and here it is
Our calendar is PACKED already for December. Should have knocked your charity event out in Nov like we did ;)
if you get a chance...tell the wig people what amazing job they've been doing.
not sure yet but magic 8 ball says it's likely. Can only do gin & tonics if it's warm.
What? Kiss on the cheek for me, will you? :)
um no that's a negative not while my face is swollen
I have a story.
thaaats right. and take your stinky friend with you
Air travel is less relaxing with internet service on-board! I could be reading and instead I am doing this!
That's deep. This reminds me to praise him in spite of and to dwell on his promises - the seen and unseen. Thanks.
You are welcome!!! RT : Thanks for following us !
My wine must now be at the perfect temperature... ready for my pizza!
Pubcon Las Vegas 2012 To Feature New Social Media Marketing (SMM) Masters Group Training Program
DJ's are DJ's..MC's are MC's..They should never do each others job. When you hear the DJ talking more then the music playing thats a problem
Both teams are real hungry. They are going after every rebound, every loose ball, throwin themselves to the floor. Good game.
lol. That is funny.
Coming up this weekend kicks off our feature new album "world view"
I got to much pride to cry fa ya
I'm gonna post Chapter 2 of The Way I Loved You tonight after I come home.
finally.. some relaxation
Whats the problem ?
My lunch table talks about the craziest things. It makes since because i have the craziest people at my table :)
yes very wrong
we could thank you in person then...
I'll see you then bro!
Happy birthday to !(:
Celebrating my 14th Wedding Anniversary today. Still amazed that anyone could put up with me for that long :)
Get ready to listen to on KEXP by going to KEXP.org right now and loading the stream. 1.5 hours early is worth it.
Hiking Oak Hill Mine Rd. in beautiful Calistoga. Highly recommended! Next up
welcome back!!
too bad you didn't have 'e' 'r'
if you really loved me youd find a way =(
You been tweeting and DM ur fans.. but u havent seen my tweets :/ PLEASE follow and DM me!!! ? I love youu<3¶
Good morning y'all.. it's Friday!
I know it sucks, just been busy training at work. Now they got me working for six days starting sunday. Only for a week tho
We just hit 70 followers in only a week...keep em coming!!
not sure yet think flu
Watching Iron Man while waiting for to get back on so I can try to get him to reply to me! :)
Tired of being stuck at 670 followers... Can I get some help to get to 700 plse. Rescue me
#Mequon Police reporting an industrial ax happened just after 6am, one person injured. On our way to scene now.
Lol no but there an "I" in win
I am angry. I need the raw milk to feed my baby. I am unable to feed her any other way. The FDA should raid a chain store not RAWSOME!
TGIF! Celebrate #SauvBlanc Day with a wonderful glass (or two) of Cakebread or St. Super !
as much as I cannot wait for our President to crush Newt in the debates, we the people MUST NOT become complacent. VOTE!
Well Jen I figured you needed to see our faces every now and then especially Elvis's he is more of behind the scene dog :-)
“: Awesome having and working with us. They rock.” -- damn straight they rock. Hope you're well.
Cinco de drink-o!
Parents 'helped son cover up model's murder' The son of a wealthy jeweller strangled his model girlfriend in bed before his parents helpe
RT : heeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyyyy!!!!!!!!! << how's the Fam?? Yankees vs Braves in a few weeks.
yeaa same here...unless there mixed with asian or indian it may pass...depends
I ate the mango skins
: I struggle with the mess. But soaking it and letting it sit overnight w/ suds usually does the trick!
Home working on a projects. Wassup?
I don't drink very often...but I'd love to be drunk right about now...
yes... i find facebook approaches odd on many levels. maybe it wil move to singapore? :?
I love you too. =)
um, DUH.
#WeWontWork for free!
“: you are so talented! I love how you put The Crue first on it. #cruetiltheend” HELL YES, thanks for noticing!
10 bucks that not one of you mofos returning from college will hit me up to hang out....college changes people damn.
Bruh... That shit couldve really killed my mood. Ain't nobody got time for that
arghhhhh.....this clogged sink is getting the best of me
(As in: "Huh. That kind of took off.")
I'm shopping them - shoot me your email
Listening to paul revere! listen up cause this ain't funny, my name is mike d and I'm about to get money!
I am a family guy super fan
I like them when i see them at the end of the rainbow ! LOL ;)
No problem! : )
Follow me
Got the Fat Burger!
Your support is important to us. That is why we are offering GREAT deals that are exclusive to our followers :)
Which is kinda awesome
You're so beautiful and talented megan<3333
how am I a bitch?
“: Can't wait to meet later this month! It'll be a honor and dream come true! #BritneyRobinSimonLADemi" YES!
Nothin come easy ..!!
Thank you for the #FF mention! Happy Friday!
Automatic lighting controls can save energy and improve safety.
Thank you to everyone who joined us tonight to celebrate champions of #nationalservice!
thats not exactly Denver's M.O.
we think she'll be ok. MRI is negative but she lapses into unconscienceness. Katie's always been my favorite; this hurts lots
Don't tase me bro!
fell off
lol thanks man
thanks for following! Have a wonderful week!
Who gets Bc texts at 3 in tha mornin >>
we was blessed wit tha recipe, all i ever did waz keep it street
Had a fun time shopping this afternoon!! :)
Whew! Filed our taxes so long ago, I'd forgotten we'd done them and froze in anxiety. Then the pain turned to relief like a brainfreeze. Ahh
Lol so the list was wrong and they weren't next To move here apparently. Lol$320pledge.com
wish our Bill Bailey would've had the balls to go! “: Guns n Roses into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame....? Life is good.”
The angels of transparency have a strong connection with the akashic Records and the Crystal beings.
maybe revenging yourself via email? ;) RT : Evening - not Evenging. Not sure what Evenging is.
Thank you Electric Touch for the great concert last night !
It is time.
That's not very Christian-like:)
What, no Bukowski? I can lend you some. :D Also, NERD. :P
35. #Mets 3 #Brewers 1 | Long trip to New York / Perhaps the travel begets / some sleepy offense.
7 miles on a 7:50 pace to start my day. Wednesday, bring it on!
Thing I don't care about anymore:
Travis Porter feat Tyga - "Ayy Ladies" >>>
KU Relay Party Tomorrow Afternoon My Apt
#NABShow Takeaway (3/3) I am astounded by the ingenuity of my peers, NAB can be humbling. I need an iPad. There is more but I am hungry.
Tnks! Can't wait 2 ck out . Sounds amazing! Love 2 cycle!!
#stratconf Does one of the speakers have his laptop audio turned on because there's a terrible echo.
Too true... RT It is at first upsetting but then strangely calming, that moment when you realize that you really are an idiot.
You are amazing Brady! and you and Jarrett are the hottest couple ever ;) -Maddy
I agree, they have to take control of their own mind because it's much bigger than them.
#MelGibsonSays a little prayer and either God or the Devil fixes it.
Happy Birthday momma. I love and miss you.
While listening to "Too Big to Fail" on the way to work this morning, I wished TAIDS on at least 10 people...
Band roadtrip to Camp Towanda! Today is going to be one big flashback into our childhood summers.
what??:D
rawr! Wherever that is - I'm cool with that :)
Why can't I have one of those productive types of insomnia?
An App That's Got Your Back. This is a must for anyone who travels a lot or is is out late in unfamiliar or even familiar places...
How do you step out of the traditional curatorial box and think differently about what curating can mean?
It might when empty. Imagine being a rock inside a beer can. Not a fun ride.
for sure! You should see it and we can compare over twitter! Cross country critics!
I keep on runnin' keep on runnin'
:( i wanna go back to myrtle beach!
I saw a license plate yesterday that said "I Miss New York", so i smashed their window and stole their radio
What are you "choosing" to do this weekend??? We'd love to hear..Choices are endless...BE CHOOSEY!
Fact: Our Employment Center helped get more than 550 people jobs this year. Visit 506 Central Ave., Newark for great employment services!
r u ever gone take me up on that date????
I love that new glowing bike commercial. wonder how much of that is CGI vs. paint or something. very cool.
Everyone check your "other" messages on Facebook!! I just did and found the most wonderful message from someone who loved my book!
You can't not be excited about the potential of Rickie Fowler. Star in the making. He has "it".
I just used Project Vote Smart’s VoteEasy tool and it’s a fun way to compare candidates. www.voteeasy.org
have hit a #genealogy brick wall on all lines...need to step away and regroup...
I really miss my bluetooth headset! if I rip my ears out one more time on that darn cord I might go crazy, or end up in a roadside ditch...
Great to meet you! Hope you enjoy your brownies.
#SomeoneIdLikeToMeet Ray Lewis one of my heroes and true inspirations to play the game I love
prove it
the only thing a guy should want to change about his girl, is her last name; adress; and her view point on men.
Hope you're feeling better <3 Love You! Follow?
Check May/June #ScientificAmericanMind final page, #MindinPictures, on #vaccinations. Too true and very scary. More measles, mumps, deaths.
so, im kinda REALLLYYYY READY to see the BOYFRIEND music video! :) i know it will be awesome!
This is the first time I've been in Philly and it's actually sunny.
Just finished my softball game.we won 4-0....lol
Nasal polyps are growths that occur in the nasal passages or #sinuses. They develop from chronic inflammation.
If you don't text me back, I'll never text you first again.
It was such an unexpected experience. I see no problem in re-living last night. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
So far my fantasy team tonight is 9 for 18 with 3 home runs and 8 rbi. Oh and the night is still young :)
Yuttho Arts film and photography is looking for a hotel to shoot our next film
We finally indulged in the Siphon Bar at - if you are a coffee drinker this is a must!
Help needed for 7th graders..anyone want to give feedback on environmental ideas
I just registered for the upcoming RBMS preconference in Baton Rouge. Shall I rent the first season of True Blood to prepare?
What happens if you get scared half to death twice??!
I'm such a simp lol.
I just broke a nail... Fuck angry jasmine calm down
Yeah! You should go there and record a known song (cover)!
When you coming back to buffalo?they love you out here
rent or buy?
don't u worry, Abs..i got some tricks up my sleeve. & some HAWT visitors from NYC rockin my front row.
Congrats! And when we all win the lotto... Congrats! *twittah partayyyy*
the show started as a basic greek play... now it's a musical. very different cueing needs
I'll post pictures!
Arlen Specter is doing standup comedy now. Weird.
WE ARE WE ARE!! Happy Holidays!
Thank you for all of your help and support for :)
Rivera going down is tough news for Yankees. Just a matter of time until 's idol Jeter starts closing games.
Time to finish packing for my trip tomorrow... I need to get the Bus Driver moving too. He has a lot of work ahead of him tomorrow!!
Thanks and same to you!
I love it when u talk shit to me when were having sex...sometime u dont even have to say.i can tell how u throw that p@$&y bk, that its mine
Thank you to all who submitted Classroom of the Future applications in the state of MN!
“: Keep tearing up those NYC airwaves buddy! :)” Thanks buddy!!! I'm doing my best Dutch Guy!!
I guess the sidewalks are horrible to prevent people from walking anywhere.
and : Thanks, guys. I'm honored to be mentioned in the same sentence as
#exhibitor2012 exhibit hall opening in 30 minutes! Don't forget to play Find It -BoothTag! Stop by booth 1571 to check out the live action
Sisters <<<< What a dumb word!!
I'm going to roll a blunt and chill in the parking lot.
Obama: at a certain point..for me personally...it is impt for me to affirm that same sex couples should be able to get married
"You are the one that I want."
I think I slept my day away.. Now I'm gonna be awake al night. You know what this calls for! Netflix + Youtube + Food.
Time to make my famous banana bread!
thanks!!!!! I love him! He's so adorable
#houston Common Email Marketing Mistakes (And How to Avoid Them) We all make mistakes, but when silly, careless or unintentional em
It might be in my truck
What a perfect day to golf!!!!! To bad I'm at work. Smdh
Welcome so why u gay and did u go to fear farm
Lmfao what I like about bosh he has a jumpshot
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles T-Shirts – Pizza 4 Faces Adult Charcoal
Recording sessions
#CRE offer for the day: Refer a friend & new members get free MSA eMarket blast! Contact us at 888.889.1063 or !
I accidentally a word: reading 's Checklist Manifesto on my trip & learning a lot - highly recommend!
Its mad bright out thought I woke up late !
When the cat's away the mice will play!
Although I did earn over $1000 in OT last week so I think its ok to spend just a little of it on myself
Shark Tank MIGHT be one of the best shows on TV.
Think im going to get me some sonic...
A few words of encouragement can go a long way
I just instinctively tune out all together #sportsproblems”
of course! :)
Its no fucking food in this damn house!
thanks the rain for watering for me all week.
Im such a fucking night owl
Transaction Done
Severe thunderstorms with scattered tornadoes yesterday. Flurries today. Yeah, I live in IN...
It's Earth Day people, so smoke trees!
keep safe
"i heard your good at algebra. Can you substitute my "X" without asking "Y"?"
lol not yet, I will on tuesday
Me-leo .. my fiancé- aries .. amazing !!RT : #Aries + Leo = CRAZY SEX
Ugh Job hunting so much fun
Wanted: Your favorite #weddingcake photos!
Well you are welcome to join!
We had an epic weekend of video shoots. The first one will be released soon, and we can't wait!
Biggest Loser makes excellent #exercise videos when u can't make it to gym.
where is Parker?!?
center stage is on but its the end. We suck for missing it. Come up in my room when u get home guuuuurl
Getting excited for beach puppies!
Digital resources placed on reserve for teachers,students& classroom. Curricular support. 'req. Reading' per
I love you, but sometimes I just want to be alone.
I tear up everytime I watch the part where Mufasa dies in Lion King. Simba trying to wake him up is the saddest! :(
Being in a relationship.. that you know for a GOD GIVEN FACT that is going to last.. is the best feeling in the world
#thoughtsduringoralsex is bigger... Disappointed
So that explains timing of Architectural Digest cover story? What a great house, btw.
Which shows do you enjoy watching on HBN? We would love to hear from you! – Thank you for your love and support – God Bless You -
I think Ryan Adams' version of Wonderwall would sound amazing if done by .
Haha I do not know much respect! happy to James C:
im following ya sis
do u know what part of canada austins coming to? i wanna know if hes gonna be close to me <U+2665> i hope he is!
I love Selena Gomez she is fantastic
changing password now. cheers and thx.
down....they needed a starter not a backup
Coach Cal extends an invitation to ex UK players to work out at Ky. Make tix available!where do u think money earned should go? tell us!
it starts tomorrow
Yeah, I forgot that they were signing Padilla. A's or DBacks. O's had interest until they heard he doesn't like sushi.
Fortress_Craft on the xbox 360 arcade version of Fortress Craft :Chapter One it says tweet this account for enquiries .. Is it wrong :)?
Amy is back home in the Rio Grande Valley. South Texas has been Amy's home for most of her life.
how do we cultivate new leaders for the future?
Cases of autism up 78% since 2002 - is this because of a more liberal, wider-net diagnosis or actually more 'true' cases of autism?
Which Pym novel would you recommend as a first read to a BP newbie with a kindle and some vacation time next week? Thank you!
i breathe smiles , blow laughter . bitches .
it's really a pity that monday rhymes with fun day.
Lob city
Our spring issue is out! Pick one up at , , , , , and more!
Don't forget LiLLiES is still accepting reservations for #Thanksgiving dinner! ...a four course turkey dinner for $21.95!
Happy Father's Day!!
we got our big Xmas tree. It's time to shop for presents to put underneath. Let's see which gets in trouble first, the kids, cat or puppy.
Aww, ": i don't ever use my snuggie for warmth. i just snuggle with it. #foreveralone"
What's poppin?
There is cool water in being a mother, there is steam; there is salt, there is sweetness, there is bitter, there is utterly delicious.
would love it if he follows his brother to the Heights
I really need to check the train tracker before i leave...
runners on 2nd and 3rd with no outs and the #Brewers get no runs...
hey Charles, I liked your dad in Firestrarter. Hes like the white Samuel L. Jackson!!! Got $200.00 I could borrow??
i am! 17th floor. let me know when
Can you get me & followers? LChaim is a suicide awareness organization. I just want more followers. RT? (:
It's a wonderful day at avantgarb!!
Nice lady!
Know about #corporate #wellness programs? Or health insurance co who provide discounts/incentives to #biz for #health #weight loss?
Big wins from the #Bruins and #Celtics today!
Thank You to everyone who participated in our first MDA fundraiser. We raised $300 before first break! GREAT JOB JAILBIRDS!
Today was an amazing day with and
Hey there! My email is =)
those look awesome! i loves them =]
downloading & playing w the archivematica vm demo is well documented, relatively easy
good come thru
Ready to watch some players selected in the NFL Draft tonight
Aw, the Obamas are hosting a Burt Bacharach concert in the East Room next week
#RiseofthePlanetoftheApes . such a great movie. "Caesar is home"
yo gotti is on my xbox live friends list
Plus, get there early to enjoy free cupcakes from EMILY'S DESSERTS!
Good Morning People
'YOLO' is pretty annoying....
Enjoy the summer day...much cooler tomorrow.
J.R. Smith makes me irrationally happy.
wow that's descriptive
or should I be calling it
Feels great teaching the Stoke!
FISH POOP IS GOOD FOR MIGRAINES!
amazing. It really seemed to happen in the blink of an eye. I'll have to try and catch the end when it replays.
but does it have to be? RT : two different ways of saying the same thing? :) #haz”
happy birthday!
Bill with 20-week abortion ban signed
remind me to tell you about the book I just bought but the title escapes me, about consulting.
On tap, #SeattleBeerWeek Brewing Watershed IPA, Collabowabo American Red, Imperial Chocolate Porter, Amber Ale
You are in time out, young lady. ": Sendak your curry if it's too spicy. Yauch!"
Never in my life have I wanted to flip off a firefighter. But never has a parade of them hollered at me.
Stop. Shooting. 3s.
Him: What are you doing for the holidays. Me: Surviving.
Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim & gym!!
I'll be there! RT : #HHAwards roll call: who else is going? Hit me up if anyone's up for a tweetup!
Chen Guangcheng puts Wen Jiabao to another test on his call for political reform.
"As God is my witness, I thought turkeys could fly."
I love Considering using a gift card for din there as a wed gift for a couple this summer. Have a good time!
If a BA doesn't fill out an event application questions, we can't submit his or her application to clients! Tell us why you'd be a good fit!
: i say it doesnt matter what is on he rules !
The fastest way to succeed is to look as if you're playing by somebody else's rules, while quietly playing by your own
Eyes fucking burn, son!!
great job tonite.
Damn! I like how you dance! keep going like this <3
RT and follow
#NOQUESTION RT : S/O Nate P.
“The only reason we don’t have what we want in life is the reasons we create why we can’t have them.” ~Tony Robbins
#HookMeUp with them watch the throne tickets!!!
Hey hi,how are u?
RT : RT s/o to the House that Chapman Built - Happy Charter Day to the BN bruhs!
Hey thanks so much for your music... Making life sweeter!!
If love isn’t a game, then why are there so many players ?
JuliusVEVO .... Youtube it!
watching zoboomafoo with my brother right now ... this show is the shit!
I tell u something .. u run and tell someone else what does that make you ??
who needs those friends anyways i got plenty more >_> D; lol
any tips or articles for making business cards for actors? Thanks!
"6. It will cost between $20M and $25M to leave the ACC -- we have no idea where that money would come from." - #FSU's President Eric Barron
Think you're reading too much into it-maybe he's just the primary policy holder/falcon decision maker? DP10 much more overt
The Bob Howard Toyota Tent Sale will be transformed after you go to classes Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Happy New Year! The mystery continues to unfold! www.rocketrobinson.com
1/2 off bottles of wine tonight! No excuses, its heart healthy!
We've pushed Megamind for so long it's crazy! But today our founder watched Toy Story 3 and almost cried. Can u say animated irony?
Thank you Deanna!
i love zone it always works in nba 2k11 lol
#Taurus got love for people who accept them in their many flaws for who they are.
RT : Happy Saturday!!! ABQ weather is awesome!!
Throwing a fastball to Smoak is foolish. RT : Morrow's had a really good plan of attack today: all breaking balls to Smoak
No, I'm eager to read your take on how Spartacus is killing television as we know it.
Stand up for your beliefs.
Wow, that's great! I'll work on a post tomorrow to share:-)
i hope so, i live in poland... sadly.
is praying for a miracle.
it was discussed. “: m best take that into account at the wardrobe fitting then. #spandex”
Anyone use Apple's iCloud service? Reliable? Enough control? Maybe an FTP workflow is better for syncing folders on home/work computers?
You were totally right!! ;)
#aintthatit “ “ IM BOUT TO SMOKE, FUCK YOU....””
The french press is a tremendous device.
No man to break through to the rooftop No man to hold down the door No man to hold on to the children As the water rose up through the floor
your music is AMAZING :)))
#youcanttrust no one or nothing!!!! Everything is a lie and no one is real!!!!
- are you on Facebook? We need to keep in touch!
Although Hargrove deserves the 8 games for his involvement in the bounty program, suspending only 4 players is a little weird
That's who I meant. Him and others. :)
I got my zumba pants on and my jersey on...Go Bills!
mm that is little fella. Need help with the conversion?
WHY YOU TRYING TO MAKE ME FEEL SLOW!! HAHAH
Thanks, they did a great job. Already ordered some more (Slightly different wording this time).
Caught up with business now I'm ready to do some shows. If u want me to come to a city near u let me know. Kenny Kapone
I'm interviewing next week for #flipclass podcast. Hope to discuss explore-flip-apply a lot!
I totally forgot about that , I wanna watch it too! you gotta tell me tommarrow about it
Disappointed iTunes Match doesn't work with Smart playlists that reference other playlists.
shout it on a rooftop
gotta do what ya gotta doo
MT : Job fair today at Grand Sierra Resort: NV Job Connect (500 jobs); State of Nevada (200), Amazon (300), resort casinos & more
be faking
This is where we enter the walls; validating the alternative.
I didn't see nearly enough "Tigers are amazing" columns online for my liking today.
I have found golf clubs (specifically putters) to be very helpful in these situations (R.I.P., my first NES)
haha thanks :) I've been outta the loop.. I knew yesterday was sketchy but wasn't sure if it was safe yet :)
I'm coming! : I'll be at Figueroa Produce tonight to get my grocery shopping on! Vegan peeps - join me!
The third episode for me was the most dramatic. The other two though I found very funny in an uncomfortable way
#HookMeUp with some medicine please...
TONIGHT! come check us out at REI in Bridgeport, look for the info classroom. Meet some of our team members and see our awesome promo vid
that's great baby! I got mine off sophomore year in high school...did u got to church today?
Things we've done lately: Flash game; PHP/Oracle sweepstakes microsite; Rebranded a company; booth graphics. What can we do for you?
K-Rod for Youk. Who says no? RT MLB Trade Rumors: Could the Milwaukee Brewers Target Red Sox 1B Kevin Youkilis?
Hi Dana, have you ever read Isaac Asimov's foundation, or Zelazny's chronicles of amber?
CEO Andre Durand will be a featured speaker at #eic12. We'll be exhibiting and of course a Ping Party. Come check us out!
I agree
#Rothbury done for? www.mnlivemusic.com
lmao I love dirty dancing
Headed behind-the-scenes at #OpeningDay with the XFINITY Sports Guy tomorrow. Be sure to follow !
hahaha you know it's true!
People still have preconceived notions abt the title librarian. We are still seen as keepers of info not the guides.
Not realizing you didn't do part of your final 30 minutes before your final
welcome to friday. ah, the work rolls on. heavy, but at least glad to be back into the work.
RT Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it~ Einstein
Enough softness
You know.. Just painting my finger and toe nails for all the teams that are left.
like the new pic!!
Come on Tiago...
nuthin much, what up wit u
Students at HBCU are rarely crowned for individual achievements in categories that the #HBCUAwards will display, & its important we support
NYC fans got nothin' else to talk about.
here's who YOU should follow today: <3
I don't get why they don't sell jars of just the oreo creme filling. They'd make a killing.
At one of several open houses on Mt Helix today.
I do love how big and blue the lake is.
You get some new ink???
why weren't we invited :(
#ireallywant Austream today. I miss seeing Austin. & him joking around.
I'm pretty sure this chick just farted in the elevator.
but your opinion of "free" school at say Harvard does affect me because I have to pay for it.
Why would you want to play football if one knew it would cause brain damage and shorten your life span?
sometimes better than the game
Well, here we go 1.5 hours until we play one of the best teams in the nation. Good luck boys and thanks &
NICE collection! Have a favorite out of the bunch? ps: nice background too! :-)
Thank u doll!! RT :
Foreign grad students are less secretive about needing to have a bowel movement. Ja
NBC is showing figure skating. ABC, blades of glory.
Matt Good left Drugs?!:((( my heart is broken
Butterflies are caterpillars that struggle and come out with flying colors.
I don't doubt that at all!
Soo tired now off to get some rest<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
That has been my foremost thought through this whole process. It would fracture the whole party, and be so fun to watch!
The longer I’m in college the shorter my attention span gets. Currently it’s about half of what it was when I was ten.
you'd think they would have thought that too when they picked it for sec tournament. Oh well it is what it is.
Hope everybody has a fantastic weekend, and be safe. Remember to hug the ones you love, and smile to those you don't!
We re-designed our site! Take a look at it: www.iheartmusic.com and give us some feedback. We'd love to hear your thoughts!
im so happy for beyonce and jay z love how they said they were having a baby
you as well. my travels were safe, relaxing now in nashville.
Why do I feel like my bday is so close when it's actually til the end of July -___-
scratch that... His socks<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Go choke on air or a banana for all I care.
If I hear this big time rush song again Im going to scream to the top of my lungs & throw the remote at the tv(music sounds better with you)
Some publishers restrict use so that reviews cannot be on the Internet.
566 federally recognized indian tribes in America. Check out Kent Monkman and James Luna and Bryan Youngin.
OSU-KSU is much more exciting than Alabama-LSU. Boise State in title game? Would be fun to see them there, gotta be better than this.
May you have fair winds, and following seas.
#HateWhenPeople leave you hanging when you need them...
Got my alarm set for 11 . Watching the games til I gotta work.
Quick tip: For #motivation to get your butt to the #gym, #exercise, #loseWeight, try getting a new iPod!
S/O to all my bros puttin it down in the local rap game we almost there baby! authentic movement k goon $quad RJGz
Sidenote , #SLS12 is trending...Again! Keep it up
Shane going hard but getting tired but he not giving
I am so happy for Austin, but I miss the times when he had more time to spend with us. Especially his ustreams.<3
Now following follow back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I really hope women aren't participating in No shave November...
superpal has 0 tweets to his name—because even reading his true voice would cause you to spontaneously combust.
Gonna take her for a ride on a big jet plane. Gonna take her for a ride on a big jet plane <3
just read that 44% of NC voters said no to #amendment1 so that's good news & means to me that
Oh MY God its Paul Heyman! #raw <OVER THE LIMIT12>
"I'm the kind of guy that can fall in love with anybody. I don't love with my eyes, I love with my heart." - Niall Horan He's so adorable!
Ah, you invested in Small World?
lol I'm already in minny
I am really not impressed by them. Next Gen Science Standards seem poorly thought out.
Remember we serve Poulet Salad everyday. When you get the craving for a crisp salad, we take pride in serving them.
Looking for a BPA-free brand of canned goods. Does one exist?
14 more days of school. lawd give me the strength.
RT : RT Protesters have a right to protest but they have to do so clean shaven, after a bath, and very quietly.
What is a suku booty? Lmfao
#BestPickupLines "Hi I'm Ryan Gosling."
i texted back(:
Folks in #theeveningjones chat commenting on how a white guy wrote a book on blackness don't know academia.
Kendall, you look cute in your new icon! :) Follow me, please? <3 #FaveMusic #BigTimeRush #KCA Y'all are definitely gonna win!
I don't know why I ask questions on my blog... No ever posts comments except for
oh boy haha. Sounds like this could be...interesting
all im saying is that if there is a "love bug" out there, i sure as hell got it when seeing Britt for the first time lol :D
fuck that fag
i can't wait to hangout with sidney tonight, it's going to be dope.
not sure economy is going to turn around that fast to make it work just yet? we will see what happens in the Nov. election?
Each night, when I go to sleep, I die. And the next morning, when I wake up, I am reborn.
YEA BITCH YEA BITCH CALL ME STEVE O!
does it really matter if were going out were just bestfriends.......? <3
Wow, typos seem to haunt me. Maybe it is an Old Testament thing? You may carry my, my, my books. Hugs to you!
I hope everybody has a great day :)
Good Luck!! We are rooting for you!!!
called me! hopefully work out a date for interview about music and words and la stories
Any gameplay #programmers with #ps3 experience interested in a #BayArea studio?
Replay of Beastie Boy tribute on now!
RT : I'm so happy for
Went to a sketchy parking lot carnival but had such a blast with the new bf :)
Great! Let's plan something. Maybe you could float some burgers up the river to The Edge. :)
Let's go Pacers!
I NEED THAT
3.5 hours getting tattooed and I still wince at an allergy shot
please follow bailey(: u r such an inspiration I really hope RNG wins abdc! My favorite dance crew on the show (:
This dude that sits next to me is so weird!
Aww my poor babay is sick.. Get better :) LOVE YOU
mental image: zombies with curly smell lines
please send good luck tweets to our #salyardsbengals for their STAAR tests next week! We are sharing the tweets with them!
Awesome! Happy Birthday :)
Where is the cheapest place to get Pho in Seattle?
I thought that also
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you sit by people you sorta used to know so you don't have to sit by yourself & they're really loud and obnoxious.
... and im really cold now.
The next person who dares to suggest that a punching bag is as emotionally rewarding as smashing furniture is getting a chair to the jaw.
Spent a nice hour and a half with my guitar today :)
So much Illinois pride on the line this wknd I had to retreat to WI. Go 'Cats!
I hope he loves me more than I love him.
I hope you are having a great time in #Vegas!! :)
Belated thanks for the #followalibrary rec!
I don't wanna go back out from where I came...
Mall flow I didn't make it the other day
good but went home early cuz i didnt feel like doing anything hahah
Have a Grand Day lol! follow me back sis Blessings
Stop into the Verona St shelter this Friday / Sat and visit all of our furry Friends in need of loving homes! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>
I jus pictured a girl wit like 6 kids on twitter seein that and bein salty
"...when your name is Barack Obama, it's always tight..."
I JUST ADDED dbaseballman !!!!!!!(:
Tea Drinkers: Use tea bags on the eyes and drink plenty of fluids and water. This reduces the retention and puffiness around the eyes.
Milestone week! I never knew I would love being a Mompreneur so much!
Mapping Atlanta session is in Grand Ballroom J and not Grand Ballroom A-C.
For them to have 15 to's and be down by 4 is amazing
And it's only good use (printed form) is to become yellow-stained as a training tool for a dog! Sensationalism is rotting our society
Ted rules RT : NFL Draft has begun. Ted Thompson’s first draft as GB GM was 2005, turned seven picks into 11 w/ trades
Yesum that Game is still around
Looking for one bilingual female rep in LA this Saturday night! 5pm-midnight, email with your info ASAP!
The worst thing you can do is to stop marketing! (Justin DeStoppelaire)
I've never been to a club where the DJ just sorta stops spinning. So why do pop songs keep telling the DJ "don't stop?"
Had a shot of expresso and now I'm dealing w the after taste.
The best sound on earth...hearing a child laugh
We've been open almost 2 years!
Really, Brewers? A toll free hotline? I deserve so much more than that. What is this, 1993?
Smokers, about how many breaks a day do you take? A dozen or so?
Something about Nicki's 'VaVaVoom' reminds me of Gaga's 'Just Dance'. Weird.
#wcatl slow start this morning - probably due to the weather
Hahaahaa, OMG I didn't mean it Like That !!
I think they figured it out. Go Horns!
look forward to meeting you at the finals! :)
We're new to Old Town! Follow us and come in for some scrumptious self-serve fro yo like no other-:)
Huuh Today imma just walk around my block ! But its so hot . and i feel like i am getting sick too . i got a bad headache ! ugh
: Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit. Conrad Hilton
need me to move? ;)
You got it. We'll post in on all our social media pages when the date is set.
Today was just a waste.
I'm 3 feet away from , trying not to look like a stalker.
Your not easy to love. & as much as I hate the pain some how I still stay. You make it hard to love you but through the bullshit I find away
so proud of all the people that have pulled through and stayed strong despite all the hardships. you are blessed & should never think less.
“ I'm so full this should Be a sin to indulge like this” it is it's called gluttony
will fix-- thanks!
Yes, because I'm awake now! :) RT : It's going to be a great show today eh? ;)
Now Broussard looks like an idiot for his halftime comments.
please follow us, I wish you the best
the description is great.
Got a sneak peek at #INArtisan Marketplace today while with Great food, wine, pottery, jewelry art! Sat 10-6, Sun 10-5
Too much hair on these boys heads
Woohoo! I'm live :) RT check out our newest featured vendor and at weddingblush.com - Never Stop Blushing!
RIP #WhitneyHouston. A very talented and very troubled lady.
Is it bad that I have a Texas song stuck in my head?
Kick off SPRING BREAK and an SDSU WIN! *Specials* Buy ANY UV Tan for $9.33! 5-packs of Tans on SALE! SDSU students get 30% OFF ANY one item!
#BestRapperAlive ..... um.... Do you mean the people who write their lines for them?
LOL, MY DAD YELLED AT ME BECAUSE I HAD #SAYSOMETHIN TURNED ALL THE WAY UP WHEN HE WAS TRYING TO SLEEP. IT WAS WORTH IT(;
Steve Christie of the #BuffaloBills chatting with us now on
WTF HAPPENED GUYS
lmao at Ohio St
So many union members aren't in line with union bosses. It's like they need a union to protect them from their union.
Be successful because you deserve it!
Q - 5 : Good relationships involve risk. Agree or Not?
Seriously..it is IMPOSSIBLE to catch up on e-mail. I've been at it for 2 hours & have barely whittled them down. Help!
Well that touches on our state / governance rights and for getting big brother off the backs of our local agenda
yep. There are a few cute gender neutral names...but two very boy names in a row?!
ah come on!! Give it up for the polar bears!
im so #tired :]
if you say so
RT : Don't block the cock... you gotta guide it <-- lol freak
Sorry Seal. My bad.
I spoke too soon
RIP MCA. Keep Fightin' for the Right to Party
I think I love airports!
gorgeous day in Austin. spring cleaning & getting pumped about my upcoming nm tour.
Happy thanksgiving :-)
Newscaster #5? Where is Assignment Editor? They are the 1's who do all the work! Done PR and assign editor. PR more tolerable.
What I do?
I am really enjoying the "American Masters" show on Johnny Carson.
"I can't ask something of you without giving something of me"- on value of social interactions like the birthday RT
I made some good progress on my paper today! I feel so much better about it than I did last night. *whew*
Tune in to TMJ4 tomorrow at 9:50 a.m. to watch Michelle Marie Bertholf talk about and introduce FemCity Milwaukee / Femfessionals!!
Thank you for your service.
I'm so sorry for your loss!
is an eerie accompaniment to in my Twitter feed. "Moloch whose eyes are a thousand blind windows!"
I am REALLY looking forward to that series!
too much sock. Ankle highs are the goldie locks of socks...just right.
Three Six Mafia is too loud. Tryna advertise his bar b que
thanks. How r u doing?
Thanks for the RTs , and !
From busking in Dublin yesterday to NYC today. Yum.
“: Mike Aviles homered in the 4th and doubled in the 5th to help build a 10-2 #RedSox lead over the Twins in the 7th.” Let's Go RS!
After i leave here i gotta go here & there again ugh
No excuses, no apologies.
Black guy with an awesome mohawk (Spiked) who wouldn't want play as that in a game #MAXPAYNE3 lol
#mettaworldpeace would get 25 games for that if Brendan Shanahan was in charge of league discipline
I miss
I'm at g/r/a/n/d tonight in Stamford, CT! 10PM-1AM. Come out and support!
Has anyone seen the #luvs ultra leak guard commercials? Wth? Those are so dumb.
girl, i missed their show here last night, don't get me started :( so livid
Happy Mother's Day to my amazing mom and all the moms who are always there for us!!!
It’s not easy being green: Data center edition
Hi. I am interested in being added to lists (especially in acting, stunt work, producers, writers, the arts). Thanks.
Divorce your old story and create a new one.
when I'm with you
disappointed the dentist wouldn't let me keep John's wisdom tooth that was pulled yesterday. maybe it's against privacy regulations?
well i'm a gladiator so...
Oh my god! There's nothing to do.
We do too!! RT : Haven't tweet'd in a couple days... been super busy.. Smokin' Hot Aces is SUPER fun.. LOVE LOVE what I do..
Please join me in a shout out to a "Very Happy Birthday" today!! :)
I got da team on my back, doe...
Trying to sing just like another artist is like being a carwash in Seattle.
can't wait!
can you fly?
oh exuse me let me make an appointment
Apparently Friday night is a good time for #pianochat! LOL...
Ceddy looking strong. Helping the Monsters kill these penalties
Any update from Belmont?????
Music playing in the lobby of the Westin in DC was Jerry Garcia & David Grisman's Shady Grove nice selection of welcome music
I don't think Dali has a Twitter. He can't really see over the mustache these days.
goddamn I love a butter mint.
I knew I was going to like you! RU taking notes for me? Have a great time!
does anyone read this stuff? and why? seriously , why?
Well... when it comes to my computer I definitely have OCD.
thank you! I def need it! Lol I'm so ready to move!
For my first act of being done w/ grad school, I will bake lots and lots of cookies.
I'm sorry my happiness is such a downer to you, but I don't give a shit. I haven't felt like this in ages so get the fuck over it.
the shxt u see when u take tht walk lol
good morning stud. Hope your Saturday is treating you well. :)
Going very Wisconsin right now...making some beer brats
Happy 1 year being married... and her hubby.... (:
Any new ideas about spreading the word about our new app? Any social media gurus out there with some tips and tricks?
Im tired of the hospital
Go #Kentucky. That is all.
When u want ur stuff back
your new work is simply amazing!
Rick Perry says "this campaign has never been about the candidates. I ran for president because I love America."
Did you know GSA has a schedule for Temporary and Administrative Professional Staffing?
We disappoint the sun? So then it IS the same Adam who writes those songs!
I bet! My little bros gf is all over any guy and I keep telling my bro but he's so "in love" with her -.-
i am very upset I didn't see u today! We really r not destined :(
#SWEETDREAMS TONIGHT!!! ALL GREEKS FREE TIL MIDNIGHT!!! I REPEAT THE AKAs HAVE REQUESTED IT SO WE DELIVER!! GREEKS FREE AT
I am pretty sure you'd see it on Park Ave. fur lined as well
HD Derrick Rose 2011 Mix HD<U+200F>.flv
Chaos, Void & Tranquility...
it does! I know where I'm going now! :D
Replace your carbon-monoxide detectors every five years
I hope you're right Ben.
When you guys get to Denver and need to wash some clothes and a free shower got you
Now that *is* desperate.
Laying in bed with a heating pad on my back = bliss
So they still ain't done with my truck???
Love it! That is the cutest! Thanks for coming in for Mom's Day! My kids' mom came up with the chef hat idea!
S/o to my new followers please feel free to follow me for my unprofessional tweets
Just changed my password. If you clicked on my message, you may now need to do that, too. Hope this puts an end to it.
Got my ticket!!! XD
i already know... spoiled it for me
three skating events back to back! The Gymanimals beginning of summer skate jam! Cascade june 8.12
I say that every night!" : This came out of my mouth:"I'm so tired,I just want to watch the news and go to bed."How old am I?"
You're welcome! You deserve a follow so much! =)
Bring them to class?
“ man pussy iz pussy...regardless of the chick skin tone. #MyOpinion” <--what he said
of course :)
Found ur youtube channel yesterday & realized i was already following u on here. Would love 4 u 2 review my app when done!
New FREE MyBiz iPhone App coming soon! Visit MyBizXchange.com to learn more!
Twitter was made for events like today's unveiling of the new uniforms.
Let's Go
awww #bestfriendlove...tonight was good i like it!:-)
“: There are only four guys I need in my life. My paw-paw, my daddy, my brother, & Paco.”// and Steven
thats awesomely funny
I am envious. Caganers for all, I should think, no? Feliz navidad!
any % > 0 is just wrong.
It's almost impossible that the puck didn't go in there.
Can't wait til opens on Paseo! Yummy! Family Time!
Ditto! RT : Always good to see fellow #tweettarts - even for a quick chat!
Your just not worth fighting for anymore
Just wait for the election RT : I may have made a mistake signing up for the do not call list. Can I change it? I'm lonely.
We have something in common - mother of two young men...thanks for following.
#wcphilly Tricks of the trade: use a/b testing to see what post formats bring in more money.
Penn State needed to make a splash. Munckak, Golden, Chris Peterson, or Greg Schiano
#FearTheDeer YoungBuck outshines the big 3..with the help of some solid Bucks D
There's a thin line between innocent & whore, actually it's a string, a g-string.
Thank you for the RT's!
I am now the proud owner of 2 Coachella wknd 2 tickets! So stoked! Now, who's coming with me? :)
Lurking the shit out of this convo on my timeline
Hallmark in Noblesville off of 37 has buy any item get half off the 2nd!
#Descendants a fine work, but extremely muted. Payne seems afraid of any hint of shtick or melodrama. Good cutting-room-floor film, I bet.
NIGGAS CLOWN"D OUT!
Red Co Getting Back On Our Game.
Hope it works out for Russell Wilson in Seattle, one of the nicest guys I've ever had the pleasure of covering on any level
Free milk!
God it's gorgeous outside...finally!
I like to eat... So my man needs to be the same way
P.S. I am hot. Lmao. ...grade school.
“: lol I'm not. Happy birthday tho.” thank you
I'm not angry, just upset that they won't be with the team.
I'd like to help you try out your new forum. I'm sorta tech-savvy and stuff ;) We're a worker-owned vegan bakery >:o)
its my half birthday today! My birthday is august 9!
awe what a pretty leaf! Goes great with the season! love the colors. Matching today?
i called you because i was on my way over there and my phone died. How was i supposed to get in w/o letting you know i was there?
That nigga took off the correct way
Where did you get this line? All I see is Icasa +0 at -126. Duque is +0 at +111. Did you accidentally reverse the play?
it almost always is - examples are countless!
welcome, Michael! Glad you like them!
Aggressive panhandlers harass workers & visiters throughout #Atlanta and the police crack down on...Food Trucks.
thanks you. Sorry.
#PhillySportsTalk Do you think #Eagles can ever win a Super Bowl with Mike Vick at QB?
It's a banana. If it was his penis, it'll be pointing. And pointing is rude. Haha
One of the best rappers alive is mah son NAS
Brother pisses me off he always does this shit -_-t
College should not be treated exclusively as the NBDL. The system is being exploited by KY. #studentathletes??
If that was me writing A Nigga at 2 sone he would have tired to GET MAD BUT FUCK BECAUSE HE LOVE MAKING OTHA MF HAPPY
Sounds good! Lemme know so I can put in for vacation asap :)
Is teaching myself more basic html coding!
Ever wonder what Santa gets for Christmas? Stay tuned for our #xmas special!
round two. loved foil wrap dress. it didn't win
can someone pls confirm 1ce & 4all #apocalypse was just marvel ripping off #darkseid? i mean, D is FROM PLANET APOKOLIPS!
To feel like nobody else matters>>>>
I have actually begun rooting for more runs to be scored on Correia. Something has to get through Hurdle's thick skull.
My phone drier than grandma's p****!
hm idk bout just smoking I'm trynna drink lol yea he'll be joining us soon he's recovering quick :)
actually, to really up the ante, I'd dress up as an iPhone and tell everyone I was "commodity fetishism."
I love, love, love me some Thank God for my Husband!
I'm hungry
you're so sweet. ANY girl would love to have you as a boyfriend. <3
Is it the world is coming to an end or it is just a political games that kill people? What's about all those wars around the world? Thanks
today am not feeling grand :(
Congrats Deion Sanders you made it to the #Halloffame You changed the game. My favorite.
Q: What three two-letter words denote /small/? A: /Is it in?/
yes email me at
“: I got to the mall to go to champs and they're closed.... What's good with that” remodel
Done filming, done Scrooging, all done for the year. Taking a break till next year. Wishing all a glorious new year! :)
Yes, it is so scary!
deal with this...
Klip Grips votes for the
Weekend of GLUTTONY
It's getting heated on came in as the No. 6 QB in AFL History. Should he have been ranked number one?
GO 'SKINS!
went to iHop with this morning!
you suck. I wanna go so bad!
fucking love the #DEATHSQUAD family. enjoy the weekend!
Wes Happy Sunday sir,your thoughts on our Draft Haul,or do you say Like Brett Kiesel wait til Aug ask me again lol.
Sounds good! What's the new date?
Brooklyn Decker flashes her knickers in see-through black lace dress and shows ... - Daily Mail
So what else would I need besides the kit. I have a stone. Would I still need the threaded wand or just hose?
Happy Birthday ! Hope you have an awesome day man! Sending you a dessert from afar… ;)
with you there, cant afford another K in the lineup with reynolds and jones. Ridiculous guaranteed contract for WB.
#thoughtsduringschool why isn't this bayside? Where's Zack Morris? When will I meet nick Jonas?
Thank U & Happy Easter. Your friend, Daniel.
how old is it? ;D
Thank you, this was fun!
Thanks for the RT!
I'm raging with my story about voter ID!
I cant wait til sixflags open im goin on april seventh lol ima b out startin mi summer already ( :
thinking isn't my favorite past time(; haha always gets me in trouble
I have always wanted to go on a cruise and do the jack and rose scene from Titanic ;)
I like this takeover. These are laugh out loud tweet worthy!
Here comes the rain. Daddy's gonna sleep good tonight. If that sounded creepy please keep it to yourself.
I'm looking forward to watching #ufc145! That's gonna be good!
RT : Did I tell you on my last airport visit that security patted down my locs?
A. Bradley
My old school homegirl just said this lady was shape like a BMW "Body Made 4 Wrong" lmbo
It's sad when you get hurt so much that you can just say, "I'm use to it"
Had an fainted lifting weights.Life seems more serious today.
Find out who is pregnant at the Oregon Zoo, at 6!
Guess what we're brewing today? Green Bike Espresso Blend! Super as a regular coffee, too!
The New York City subway system, the modern underground railroad.
Awesome! Maybe you guys can play at RP's campaign victory party :) I'm sure Ronnie knows how to throw down!
We are learning about int'l orphans, many of our members have adopted children from other countries.
1 year anniversary party starts at 2pm. Stop and share a toast with us
Happy Birthday !!!! have a great day :)
Which side of the highway is Villa Montecito? Ocean?
NEW YORK CITY....Join us this Sunday during the NFL Championship games for drink specials & half-priced Wings and Burgers!!
65% of Americans have purchased a product or service thanks to a direct mailing! Are you sending Direct Mail?
in IU's 02' NC game run UNCW upset USC to play IU in second round with the overall #1 to follow...
Bored anyone on
I really love Cracker Barrel's food. It's too bad I can't taste any of it.
oh and you'll hear me sing on august 20th when my debut single is releases spread the words and tell your friends please ;)
Are comments supposed to open up on the same page? It looks like they do for a second, but then I get redirected to a new page.
Thank you for supporting Assisteen poinsettia sales @ thrift shop, can't beat the price and $$$ go back into community programs!
Badgers in the sweet 16 reminds me of the FRG days.. Would love to be in the front row at super dome on thurs! Right ? :)
Lmao x') : Don't judge me! :( " Neat o?(x ": The battleship movie commercial used "predato ...
thanks bro
of course! I enjoyed it. Thanks for sharing great insights
damn.. you've got a point :]
I do not know this Paul McCartney song. What's with the white tux? Are we at a wedding? I want that guitar!
Cleveland Cavaliers have 2 of the top 4 picks.
The Atlanta Hawks are hosting Charlotte Bobcats today at the Philips Arena. NBA lovers can get some last tickets by calling us: 888-493-0004
"the secret of war lies in the communications"
Wron G said that.
No worries // Thanks for the great content ... I hope you're having a good Thursday!
Yea, wouldn't it be cool to have an arduino banner and then make some sort of virtual extension of it on the #Oxy website?
We are playing at The Loft August 12th with The Dangerous Summer! Tickets will be available soon contact us if you wanna go!
I always changed the playbook so all four run plays were Bo. Don't need those two for Marcus Allen.
MT Have U read Imagine:How #Creativity Works by ? (or haven't read it but plan 2!) Join in #creativereads tonight at 8 ET
The last thing I needed was to be woken up before 9 by yard work going on next door.
on it like like Mario on Yoshi
game beating #celtics/if you want to make a basket, then aim for the hoop/secret of a success/Aim for your goals like its
I'm eating oatmeal with a knife. I wish that was a metaphor.
that saves me the trouble of having to ask how much I owe you!
I wish bitch niggas would go extinct! #TeamDazzy!
“: Packing and going to rado to be with mom and dad. Christmas in the 5280. #travelhome” yo babes in breck, Denver tomorrow. Eta?
omg. Story of my life.
lol, frustrating morning commute??
yes and the sun never stays away for to long ;)
Lol...okay...thanks
Per Manny Delcarmen's FB page, he subscribes to "I Can Find 1,000,000 Yankee Haters by Opening Day" -- too bad he's now with the Yankees.
Thanks for the info!
Really sucks how you can't trust ppl you think are your friends.....but it gives you a good perspective of who's really there for you
The story of us looks alot like a tragedy now :/
Any way we can ban the words "run, don't walk" when talking about a sale in a commercial? Anybody ever run, ever?!
Caring is a weakness
. FB post on 1/4: "Everytime i try to get into MSG the security guards ask me if im a trainer LOL" I bet he no longer has that problem
Let's go Brewers! Cuck the Fubs!!!
Thank you for the follow!
The lady that holds up the line at McDonald's while she's deciding between diet and regular Pepsi. Yep.
At St Andrews Coast to Coast DJ DONTE GREEN IN THE BUILDING FASHO SHOUTOUT TO COAST TO COAST INDUSTRY MIXER
Why is "Man on Fire" on right now?! I need to go to bed but I love this movie!
Great day in the classroom today! Love teaching about the emergence of Capitalism and Marxism.
I follow u :)
can you really have a bushel of stone crabs?
that's really all you can do. I should be in NC next weekend... maybe we can do lunch :-)
Money Matters: Parents can provide basic finance lessons for teens
A TRUE FAMILY AIN'T PERFECT ALL THE TIME!!! ALL LOVE AND ALL IN. JOWAYNE
Why is Pluto a pet? While goofy and Donald talk?
"Hey, my book is set in 12th Century London. That's a city, right? So that makes it urban!"
Sneaky pic! I like it
lol aw he sucks
You. Only. Love. One Direction.
you already know bra
Hey did I wake up? Did I bring donuts?
Just watching Greeley Stampede coverage on #9News reminded me of one of my favorite #Colorado terms: Buckle Bunnies! Not PC, but fun.
Let's be honest. The only thing better than snow in NYC is Snooki. Fixin to have fun tonight!
So much to do! RT : You won't want to miss next week's #BeerGeekTuesday - ! Big Lebowski themed!...
Yevgeny Aleksandrovich Yevtushenko~ In Russia all tyrants believe poets to be their worst enemies.
haha, I'm telling you. Kim Jong Ill
I'll be at Shepard HS this Saturday, 9-3, with plenty of lip balm! RT : No!!! I lost my Cherry Bomb lip balm!!
Twisted Imagery- Beautiful Mind Official Video - herb garden 2
#Summer is on it's way to #Milwaukee! Make sure your A/C is ready to go! Pay just $69 for a tune up! ttp://cot.ag/m0m8D2
but really, it should be sooner rather than later
Need 4k for it. Listed at $4500.
and better than the best?
Hooked on iPhone Solitaire. My life is over.
Beth Perlman, former Constellation Energy CIO, will kick off the HBT IT Manager Training and Mentoring Program at an open workshop on May 5!
your new address is 6502 Odana Road and Potomac Lane
oh i wanna see it! and im jailbreaking my ipod D:
Today is May 16th .. so, today in a month is the concert in #Berlin .. I'm so excited! :D
I want some
to users? no. to marketing? yes.
last time you said that it wasn't a spider at all!
.... Follow me maybe? :P retweet me maybe? ^_^ Tweet me maybe ? :) I think i can #BELIEVE ^^ 38
Your so lucky! Wish he followed me! xx
Nah. That's exactly what I'd do any time someone isn't being real with me. I wasn't interested in try to reconcile our views.
Ruffles or takis
Gotta love the barroom coaches in mma.
Headed out to American Indian MMA championships @ Casino Hollywood. Follow for live fight updates.
Dang, U have small feet.
You would shut it down
“: Expensive gear is like a painter putting gold leaf in his yellow palette” nice analogy, I'll think about this b4 my next purchase
this time tomorrow, it will be this time today.
I haven't changed my twitter name ever since I got a twitter...hmm. Just noticed lol
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool im cursing out my gym teachers
so what did they say when you showed up at there house???>...did they piss and or shit themselves?
Keep your fingers crossed!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
My 1st taste of Franklin DIPA frm ...me like!
Never try the cripple face Sun Drop on a girl unless you've been dating her for more than a week.
Elvis week. Maybe that's why it's also "Admit You're Happy" day and "Happiness Happens" day. Not happy? then "think happy" . Starts inside.
Hahaha! Nice work on the sparkly graphics! I don't know about saving the BEST for last, but saving the CRAZY for last? Yeah.
Teacher : Now I want you to fold you paper lengthwise. Me : Bitch, Hamburger Or Hotdog?
Text "lucky5" to 68683 NOW to vote for Danielle from Compose the Octave in the KOLD Lucky Break Contest.
Nothing like a nice cup of tea to give you that motivation you need for a Friday!
Thanks to Black Hole for providing coffee at our annual plant sale this year...March 24th!! It's on!
Dense fog adv for SE WI except Sheboygan & Fond du Lac Co. until noon today. Right now vis > 1 mile in most locations. Weekend looks nice!!
Peyton Manning going to Denver. Broncos trying to trade Tebow.
Someone told me yesterday how she hurt her back the first time w/pilates. We had long conversation about total core.
my weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> > your weekend.
Thanks for the RT! Have a great day.
I failed that bitch twice
I saw buying a pack of mentos the other day, you should trick him before he tricks you
I don't think I am who you think I am. I can actually write paragraphs that contain more than one sentence.
*wines up*
Nats pitching phenom Stephen Strasburg gets standing O after hitting a double.
like gorillas, production weeks live where ever they want. this one was tuesday to tuesday. live outside the box - cheers.
It's mustache march in POL all proceeds go to the shop and medals go to best in show lol at least it's for a good cause lol pics to follow
I can't wait for summer! I will work out all day every day.
Team pulled off a win tonight! Let's c if the Brew Crew can do it to! #Brewers #
I'm not a morning person
Getting ready for #ActOfValor tomorrow at midnight.
haha thanks Scotty...and what game are you talking about?
Yes colds work great for the "froggy" jobs! Ha! Glad you are doing better!
Thanks! I'll make sure to do that now! Can you DM me the best email address to send to please?
I consume most through legal streaming sites, but I do still watch [as] on Saturday nights.
yes! Open at 9am for xtreme black (out) brunch with orange (juice) mimosas! Baseball themed food specials! Hot dog omelettes?!
Tell Auntie Bonnie I said HAPPY MOTHERS DAY!!
katie and her boyfriend
I am half way done with '15 reasons I'm stabbing you' though.
RT Hey State Workers come and get a FREE cup of coffee on us!
Hey sophia, would you be interested/willing to help out with a small project?
Gotta look for the apts
Someday I'm gonna learn how to use this thing. Until then, please bear with me. Thanks.
check out or they are good guys.
Probably something else then? They said the usual tell is the stiff neck... Hope you feel better soon!
Mama can you follow me please? (;
I like the stat Jayme, you have to wonder how many more drops he would have had if he was healthy in 10 tho
Do you think companies measure SM impact by counting the number of FB "likes" they have or follows on Twitter?
Omg stop it Cat!Lol another nickname!Im not.I do model but lol!:] U are prob flawless and gorgeous!
I'm not sure if we have a mutual friend. But whether we do or not, we are friends now. Take care and tweet N E time.
Looks like Kobe has his game face on already....must be an exciting game!
haha seriously!!!! Like I'm so mad and happy and depressed at the same time.
woah woah what an unforgettable night.
Working on an Ace Frehley wig - putting the finishing touches on it right now.
happy to see Spanish companies in the Show Daily of : & resol!
u never invite me anywhere either
My poor bby wish I was home
when I'm done with book, should I try for a large publisher or self publish?
you here for Derby?
Have one for me!
I cried when I sat on my balls just now.
I am gonna fist pump till my arm falls off!
Love really random auditions... They're definitely my favorite. ;)
Wish I were hitting up Coachella with my favorite LA peeps. Hating Florida more by the minute...
Watching #doomsdaypreppers...they make it seem so sane and logical...
I love you <3
If you see a chubby brunette with facial piercings hanging out with a ginger or two and at least 4-5 other hipsters, that's me!
Has completed an Inquisition by the mom and is having a beer and cheese puffs with Michael. A wee bit of peace......
#ff, come up from the Springs & have a Ding Dong soon :) RT Ding Dongs ? Can you save me one
1 week e-mail sent to photogs for 'habitat' images
aww what a cutie he is! Was he the one in the snow that time? Looks like a fun day!
RT: that would be my dear boy > You are very much correct, Andrew :)
Hey #DodgerFam just a reminder to follow us on instagram for great photos of your #dodgers and favorite players. thank you.
i tryed but iam bout to get out now. iam tired
- Another ex. of "do as I say, not as I do" re: taking $250K+ pension while telling others no pension for you
Pharez Whitted Sextet - Tonite @ ETA Theater @ 7pm 7558 S South Chicago Ave Chicago, IL - Truly hope all can make it...
We have a new server ready - vpn-mj2 OpenVPN (SSL) server in Miami. It's available in your customer area now.
Hi everyone Im baca!!!!!!!
Performing stunts in movie tomorrow!
I think I'll write a review tomorrow. Otherwise, I'll tweet more soon!
hahahahahahaha whats that kids name thats terrible and lives in cali lol numskull go go quick haha im so mean rap is bad
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Robert Martinez! We wish you all the best!
I hope you have a great summer!
Looking for promotion...because you can never have too many shows!
Great workout! Time to get the day going
Yes, indeed..
playing with sifteo cubes
Nemo? that's just wrong...
NEVER EVER.
": I will be performing at MCM Pub and Eatery tonight to support the fight against Breast Cancer." Amazing job man.
Hey Brie thanks for following, are you a Jayhawk? Rock Chalk
Cat Power aka Chan has a way of taking a song, covering it and making it a million times better. Genius.
Aw.. that awkward moment when Shay goes in the bedroom and her man has a furry on...haha
lol u believed us lol get ur ass here I still wanna do ur nails
will be sad if you miss it
It's always business hours somewhere!
dude, you can finally meet my mom... wtf bro
Yes, may have a trip to DC in late May?
I'm alarmed
chill out you doing to much
Aw k
What was tonight about at the taping?
I partied!!!
Ginger...did you use a filter on that? Because if you did, that's 10 demerit points.
its ok lol
Congrats Brenda.. I am so happy for you. You add smiles to others So your blessed with a smile today..
Enjoy hot air balloon rides 50% Off with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
swing and a miss. Lmao
. "Making beautiful things ugly with 1's and Zeros for the last 25 years"
RT "I worry that the person who thought up Muzak may be thinking up something else." Lily Tomlin
OMG, yes. I could intern there forever. The real world sucks.
Getting to witness sign the Declaration of Beer Independence with the #ACBW association. Pretty awesome!
good choice it would have to be "Lithium" for me
My assisted COBRA is about to end. Insurance sure is expensive!
Tonight's Board meeting is on the air!! Verizon 43 Comcast 17
Fuck anyone who's ever had any bad opinion about me! I don't care who you are, I am crazy, I am loud, and god dammit I'm proud!
So just used the phrase "ROTFLMAO." Oh, and the Caps won an OT Game 7. What is happening?
you see that crazy shit
I can tell... hehehe
HOW DID I NOT KNOW ABOUT EARTHFEST TOMORROW??!! I'm gonna be missing Third Eye Blind, Eve 6...
So, working on the EP tomorrow, knocking out drums then laying out guitars, possibly start another one too. Get stoked!
My Damn Back Hurt Man Wtf This Shxt Preventing Me From Sleeping.
The things that we're afraid of, are gonna show us what we're made of, in the end.
Hey I dont know if youre on twitter right now but I cant ask any more questions on tumblr for an hour :/
no sadly the Barreto's are still missing...
"rock out gansta style"...Is that a Body Count reference? cc
Which is the better Justin? Timberlake or Bieber?
happy monthiversary to us! thank you to everyone who has shown us such support <3 we look forward to getting even closer to all of you :)
Amarello? Really? Can you just say amaretto and sour? Geez louise!
is my new favorite artist. Awesome meeting you in Cleveland on Sunday :)
Sometimes we are limited more by attitude than by opportunities. -Anonymous
Working on my marketing consumer behavior group paper. The topic: video games consoles. :)
Do women really mean it when they say they want total honesty? Cause when a guy opens up, they get freaked out.
Delmon Young has now entered #BEASTMODE!
Man I have never fucked a female that danced da way she fucked
It is not the person who has too little, but the one who craves more, that is poor. ~Seneca
Can't hit a free throw. Oh no. Please Norfolk State.
"A teacher is a compass that activates the magnets of curiosity, knowledge, and wisdom in the pupils." -Ever Garrison
whew...just finished a presentation to all the branch supervisors, chiefs and admin
Summer is almost over......Does your pool need a little TLC? Aloha Pool Care. 760-798-7321
just gave a follow to help him reach 10k
As member of the Illuminati, I approve this. RT Obama's hood looks crimson in color - that's actually the hood for journalism.
Ha, via travel, yes! But now lots of exciting #MCN2012 activity to catch up on/prep for Nov. So much inspiration all around!
Here's the hashtag for our Eighth Symposium on Nov. 19, "Cyberspace and Civic Space: The Impact of the Internet on Our Democracy":
i totally am following you are crazy and fun dude
The secret to managing is to keep the guys who hate you away from the guys who are undecided.
Since season 4 of is over, we can start campaigning for to be a judge on season 5, right?
G SHOCK HEAVEN YELLOW BLK RED & WHT AND DA DJ AM TEE FROM UDFTD IN THIS WEEK ONLY @ NWC BLOODBATH ON DECK !WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
I create stunning art for print, branding, and web. www.calixtrostudios.com #freelance%20graphic%20design
Working blows ass..
Voting on roc battle right now
How we'd do in chess or math bowl this yr vs y'all? #WhoCares “: ... #1 Ranked baseball t-shirts too lmao #ohwait”
Artwork is being ransomed and being sold. Some artists are getting to sell thier artwork. Ain't it great?
Romney’s Money Man Wants Maize And Blue Victory
#FF folks, who are good to get to know
Any good gear worth mentioning? Always good to hear what others are using.
Its such a beautiful day I think imma go streaking...
Thanks! RT : Love on south High St. These guys rock so come visit - sit on patio overlooking
If ima make it happen, then that's what ima do
excluding you!
yep. Have been for a few weeks.
Take advantage of money saving coupons for allergy and asthma medications! The Online Allergist makes it so simple. Just click...
wins the #SanDiego #Imperial Chapter Project of the Year Award for the Charles David Keeling Apartments! Way to go
great card last night Oscar. Most energy at a big fight since you were kicking ass!! Haha. Nice work bud
Get that nigga Barnes off the court -__-
What a good choice for learning vocabulary! :)
Thanks, That Means A Lot. :D
Thanks! So glad you liked it.
I think I saw it's $3.75 from the airport and has a convention center stop.
be sure to remind my wife of that when I show up with it :)
Thanks! I don't think my iPhone did it justice. :)
The original "Tea Party" was against corporate monopolies and policies favoring big business. Today's use is a misnomer.
All my pants are shrinking in the dryer. It's the only explanation.
Psychology of pricing and buying. Very interesting
Barbara Robertson, currently in "Camino Real" at , will be joining us as our guide for "All About the Women". We can't wait!
what are the chances oregon gets in? 22 wins?
Watched Burn After Reading. Checked on tomato plants. Birds ate all my blueberries! Got to get down to business this AM.
Why would you be uncomfortable?
Be sure to #thankateacher this week for Teacher Appreciation Week. I'm greatful to Mr A who was always there when I needed someone to listen
Would F. Scott Fitzgerald be considered a "good blogger." Does the teaching of writing change when Ss are taught to blog?
No excuses now!
On my way to the horse track.
If you have a problem with me please write it nicely on a piece of paper, fold it up, put it in an envelope, and shove it up your ass.
Uh-oh... Deckfeasts on Twitter. :)
thanks :) hoping for the good drugs lol
#SMILEcon is under way. Kara from presenting on Minnesota State Patrol use of
For some reason, the #ASA2012 program has my affiliation listed as UCSF. That would be incorrect. Also, amusing.
wish I knew what you were watching... Arturo was a great man!
Hurray, Hurray...It's the 1st of May..,AM work-outs start today!
that's where we'll go :-)
Wasnt the Jawbone a historic FAIL? Looking forward to the Fuelband though. Early reviews are promising.
“: Prolly not, idiot. RT you may want to shut up now. #wiunion” talk all you want: Milwaukee FBI probe a fact.
I love this!
does this mean you'll be around in the afternoon sometime this week to catch up??
no orton fumbled his own. Tebow had to have it knocked out by the opposition.
Is Google+ down? Page not loading. #google+
W/Stop
Waiting 2 long 2 terminate an employee can be more problematic than terminating 2 early... according 2 this presentation.
North Carolina is backward.
black coffee?? Oh you're no joke! Ehh?
I love lapasang souchong in the cold months. Heavenly to hold a cup and read a good book.
1:27:"...God..created him; male and female"God said,what makes u believe that?
Okay on 2 my next favorite boy group! NP: best of Silk !!!
I see mental lapses. How do you get a lay up opportunity on the other end of a free throw?
Beautiful You Is Such A Great Song By <3
Hehe my dog is retarded :)
Where's my garlic bread?
The storm is coming....
my cat is snoring.
ooh I like that idea!
Multnomah Youth Commission is my new best friend! :) They are all so kind, and accepting. they make my heart happy.
Mo C goes #6 to America's team. Wonderlic deez nuts! Good luck in Big D & if u don't have haters you're doing something wrong
We have posted contestants pics & Sexy Axe Girls! pics for the AxeOffUSA Guitar competition @ Hard Rock Cafe New Orleans. $3000 CASH PRIZES!
what's going on with the rangers it just said end ot is the game over? I couldn't see them leaving it at a tie in playoffs?
Newborns look like aliens (or maybe it's just this one) pass on the baby train.
Thanks for having us, ! It's always great to connect with y'all!
Today is the last day of free drop/add for Winter Session
hope you ladies had your good omen because I know I will. I will be there so expect another W.
Your guyses music makes my day! Cant wait to see you in concert :))
Proud 2 take part in "dream dinner" b/w 10-yr-old St. Jude patient & Grizzly Rudy Gay on Sunday night! Excited 2 be part of this initiative!
We can't all be heroes, because somebody has to sit on the curb and applaud when they go by. - Will Rogers
Octavia Spencer looks fab in her lavender dress. Fits her perfectly! Well deserved win
Nothing but class from #Bynum till the end. Up 10 with 4 seconds left and fouling. Lots to be proud of as a laker fan from that guy!
#NP Hi-a Ma - Milk & Sugar Dub Remix
Please vote for KashPile, started by a CBS alum, on...
Word of the day = grizzled. I just like it.... Doesn't describe anything about my day.
Tonight HEAT game 3 watch party in the Sunset Lounge! Girls i got you covered with dinner rsvp now 3053057645
Thank you.
Three Minutes.
I mean wtf...
You're very welcome! Happy to help anytime. Good luck!
Talkin' with right now on about the & Friends in the Course for Kids Celebrity Golf Tourney & Concert today
and I wish you could too, I wish you could've came:(
RIP Mike Wallace
Hanging with jgill and at the miami ne concert !!
#thatawkwardmoment when you post a happy tweet right after three people tweet about someone dying...
I almost forgot i had a twitter account.
hi everyone
Roast beef chili with bacon and white cheddar at - one of the best cold (or any) weather dishes in town.
Good luck with that!
Free shipping on all handmade miniature tile jewelry in my shop! Http://ShrunkenCatHeads.Etsy.com
Then after the #Smackoff you need to listen to
you are very welcome! Hope others enjoy your pieces too:)
about an hour to kill before heading to a soul collage class. Might as well get
. just told me about a bug and I told him to Radar or I don't want to hear it. I'm practicing!
All these damn movies about love can really make you yearn for it.
Shit funny right now me n my bro inlaw fucking with my sis
I'm so honored to share my birthday with the ever-legendary Mark King!!
RT GOD MORNING. It is a great day because I think so.
Still looking for season ticket holders?
Are they better than your toes? ;^)
FUCK NO THAT WAS A BULLSHIT ASS CALL R U KIDDING ME
Good morning <U+2665>
It is what it is 'til you change it.
SAT word of the day: desiccated (adj.) dried up, dehydrated
“: . driver's seats should have bedpans built in.” --agreed! But...who would clean it? I would not want to.
The first 5 people who tell us why they love the will win a pair of tickets to this Friday's performance of "Mozart & Brahms!"
man i pulled my abdomenal muscle on my bone and it hurts really bad!!!
So is being a little insensitive right now about me being sick
Happy B.day! :D
I really want to get to 1000 followers soon!!
I have the most perfect belly button. When I stick my fingers in it, I feel a nerve in the center of my body shoot up my spine.
anytime bro .. Keep it up!!
hey girl lol I don't no what's up with my phone I'm just getting the notification
I love it!! One of my favorite things about the twitter-verse!
He who say ones who great go by the name j mitch
wa can't believe you are meeting them :) you should give harry a gift for me? :'''')
seriously, who puts a coffee cup on their Mac computer? l
benches cleared, tplush ejected.
We are so excited for the FIRST #nightofworship for 2012! Jan. 13 ~ Can't wait to see you :)
Any Terry/Arlene/baby scene is fine with me!
The Situation is at BEACH BUM TANNING EAST BRUNSWICK!!!
purpledoor is all inside this year!
Aw now you all wet RT : Try Just standing in the rain....it can be very relaxing...a lil cold though
You've also been silent on city atty not required to live in CV. Jentz's Prop C still doesn't fix that. U don't seem to mind
praying all is well.
May 16 is Wear Purple 4 Peace Day. We’ll clean 1 purple garment/FAM free when u drop off Wed. Just mention to CSR. No suede/leather.
This is the best sounding stage at #sxsw says about #andhow!
Thank you!!!
Do people tend to buy on tablets the same way as computers?
Oh hai! I've joined the "cool kids" apparently, with this wonky new Twitter.
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade. - Tom Peters
beautiful work, Robert.
: You may have right to forget what you said, but don't have right to make others forget what they heard you say
Ever considered a Krav Maga class?
Today I'm like superwomen
Broncos Country follow 1st pick and new heart and soul of the D, Derek Wolfe. RT : Help me get to 500 followers #BroncosNation!!
Authenticity is the big one Jonathan!
I have skittles in my mouth, wanna taste the rainbow?
And now art thou cursed from the earth, which hath opened her mouth to receive thy brother's blood from thy hand;
One down, two to go.
*If you are a veteran or active duty member of our military, please ask me about the “Our Heroes Special” in honor of Jim Visser (A retired…
what is beauty? You got this! Sit down and let the randomness flow
Nice standing O for #LamarOdom tonite
did you tweet me back? :o my phone is trippin
Danny Grainger bout to get yoked up by LeBron.
Great play by Walden
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho buzz kills everything.
Tomorrow's Matinee @ 2- Paw what you wish tickets for "Once in a Lifetime" World premiere @ the Cell!
A view from
I'll buy you a beer sometime and we can hash it out
I think its time for a west view rager?
awesome!! So where do you live now:)
Happy Thanksgiving. May all your turkeys be juicy and your family sedated.
Forgot bout POWELL'S BOOKS!!!!!!!!
Tears Tears tears Please Please my love follow me love you
It gets harder once you're used to 140 characters
You'll win tomorrow also.
Thanks for the follow! Following you back on a very good #FF!
About ready to open #zipline and folks are chanting and cheering! Can't get enough of it!
clarification: we still won't read pippa middleton's book, but we will attend any party she throws. pippa, hit us up girl.
imma send a kidnapper in the mail and have him bring you to me... *le evil plan*
AGT in a half hour :)
Now presenting at #codeforoakland: OaklandWhere, a smartphone app that would help Oaklanders connect to services based on location.
How good R U? U Can B! #singingforaliving with
I fear being poor 2nd ...homeless....thats ill
& hello new friends - lol - i just followed yall
Wow, pretty cool - I just learned how to text from my phone right to my wall - I'll tweet more deals now - AWESOME lol
Only 9 followers away from 1000?! Unreal! Let's hit that landmark!!!!
What a Beautiful day in Miami, I wonder whats going on at the beach right now...
I might even be able to see you from up here, if you were taller. <U+263A>
“: It's possible for a vagina to literally fall out. This is called "pelvic prolapse."” excuse me miss u dropped ur vagina hahaha!
Dana Scott and Co. Shooting here at R2K today!
The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their rightful names. -Chinese Proverb
As it should be.
I remember my first time replacing my kitchen cabinets
Maybe one day I will know why being lonely is better
thanks and there will be more contests in the future. Feel free to give us topic suggestions.
Ladies, when a guy can handle your flaws, love you on your moody days & kiss you when you don't look your best, he's definitely worth it.
Livin like Larry
#so to my newbeez
naw I live in Kentucky now bro but if I was in Houston I would for Waka and 2 Chainz
TV night! Woo hoo!
Oi, what was that tweet thing from before? I can't remember the name of it.
Yeah....I am not sure it could have gone much better. Fun week!
Republicans do what they do best to slow economy down to make potus and dems look bad.
That is fantastic. I love the "may be open to cricitism" part
ahaha looks like it lol :D
TBH??... I'm turtle necking right now...
yup. I'm a big McDonald fan.
oh so mad now? Lol
Mike Bibby is the guy that gets picked last in pickup game at the YMCA and then runs you by 20
All of my story ideas revolve around drug dealers now. Weird.
#Thegrey was Fantastic and Intense! Also saw #Contraband and it was Awesome! :)
Essentially. Sports news is kind of thin this time of year. 90% of coverage is basketball. God forbid they cover more hockey
Sounds like the perfect day!
Thoughts about morality/ethics and leadership are swirling in my head! How do people get away with being crummy leaders?
I do enjoy saying "fanny" to my British friends. It shocks them so.
I made it! Learned a lot about how hard living on that amount is - meat, fresh veg are hard, eat more eggs..
Knight & Night – Part 1
Busy busy day
digging the site!
what should I wear to dinner with the girls and then potentially out to a club? Hm.
you too!
Haha, I can dig that! I'll keep it in mind for when I do a rookie piece
eww that just brurned my eyes<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Quit breaking my heart
Everyone wants to know what in doing on my day off tomorrow. I think I'll open the chamber of secrets and possibly save Narnia afterwards.
eek. Or at
That'll be the last time I go to any type of dance with a date again.
just show up to the Christmas get together by yourself and tell everyone Merry Christmas and you are welcome lol.
What was your favorite Super Bowl commercial?
A large international law firm is in need of an exceptional Records Supervisor in #NY. If you are working in a law firm records center and …
Football. I'm getting a concussion just watching. Flashback to high school and getting carted off after a vicious hit. But, I could cover.
They've gotten off pretty easy so far.
haha, we're cool. Great shots btw
bob now has new pillows so all in all it's been a successful weekend at least from my perspective
Go East!
we def need to re-connect soon
Come get your free #KNICKS headbands, towels and mini posters! It will be a sea of blue and orange here at Bring your friends!
Good morning my Tweeps
LOL, I second that! These documentaries are closer to the stations original purpose than most of what they show today
LUXE? I've heard they are good at that LOL
New Seasons!!!!!
so bored
last name JIMMY, first name WHEELCHAIR.
Second #superbowl features industrial designer. Felling the LOVE
Can't help but think a new British government would have been formed by now if Dumbledore was still alive.
Social media is about dialogie, not monologue
er...normal sized? I have no idea how to measure a bike.
where in Cleveland are you gonna be?
There is a girl that looks just like #caseyanthony in
": Never stop Believing !!!!!" Yes indeed!
did i maybe leave my phone in your truck? i've looked everywhere for it!
hey! U are who came up to me and asked was a Bre friend?
Girl, ima take you to the finest place in town... Olive Garden! Wine and Dine cause damn girl you SO FINE!
Owning your own business does NOT mean you work for yourself - you're clients are your bosses!
Glad that 2012 is starting out so well
OLP/Ritter Academy launch 5 new eDiscov. online learning videos. Unique & easy way to learn.
Wondering...how do you ask a celebrity if they would mind you telling others that they purchased from you?
#WhatHurtsTheMost losing your headphone
Hoping all my statesmen stay safe and warm today in Mad-town. #wiunion Union or not we all stand together. On Wisconsin!!!
Aww it's nice! No fair you have palm trees!! are you at work right now?
need more followers please if u do i will try 2 follow back please please please
I have got to get out more often.
Saturday morn coffee
ah people are you not listening to labor testimony? #ca coastal # lawsuits etc.
My mom texting<<
You're ALWAYS good enough to be in a band. Every musician is always learning, so just ask some friends to pick up music and play!
I enjoyed watching "Smash"!
I have absolutely no idea yet... Lol, but I'm really thinking about it
Congrats! Would love to work with your team sometime!
it's not against the law I can
In ten days... It will be, 11/11/11. Cool
RT : follow back (Following now...)
no way just give em a call today! It's easy
If I was in charge I would paint the debt ceiling. The same color as the walls cause I like that Martha Stewart look.
Well that just ruined my day.. #awesome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
hello new followers ! thanks for following ! make sure you like us on facebook as well and follow us personally ,thank you ,with love er
Congrats to and Nicole on their wedding day!
yeah I think he's egging you on lol
My darling daughters back to school wardrobe now includes a lego batman shirt
Thanks Jeff, I will check it out! I just flew into Chicago and boy are my arms tired! Har har har.
What a blast of a concert last night given by in Panama City, FL! Standing ovation!
Hungry aafpg!!!(as a fat pregnant girl)
Thanks for confirming I'm not crazy. Glad I'm not the only one!
But Toby is still top of the list right?
Turn my bones to sand.
#bandsilove System Of A Down.
Good morning! I need lots of coffee today!!
Library (and other) web folks. We want to use CMS for our site. We're looking into WordPress, Drupal and Joomla. What do you use/recommend?
I wanna shower but my cousin is outside playing and my instincts say BITCH if that were your kid you wouldn't do it!
Thanks! It's amazing what can make cookies stick
Are you familiar with Figueroa/Sunset area? Thats where my grandparents lived. Grandpa still does. A lot has changed there.
just gave us a great interview for the book. Such a nice guy. Incredibly humble, and amazing stories.
Why do we need ankles?
I am so freaking excited for #downtonpbs tonight!
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':13
Just got a call from Chase about setting up appt to talk about banking. Anyone else think sat morn is inappropriate for this?
I also need some aspirin or to go see a doctor. I've had a headache for about two weeks now and it just won't go away.
listening to the October episode of sound project to start the day
busy week... local show, studio, then hitting the road... come have a drink with us
so excited big electronic acts are comin back to Summerfest!! Just please don't schedule #PaulOakenfold & #Tiesto the same nite!
(Also) Today in Literary History: Nobel-prize winning author John Steinbeck ("The Grapes of Wrath") was born in Salinas, CA in 1902.
I just want something great, something new, something thats all for me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
We here are so curious.....what did your Girl Scout Troop think?
i was watching it and im like whats the name of this movie cause theres no commercials u had the answer
Enjoy it while it lasts #Athletics fans. Inge probably won't get you another basehit for a couple more weeks the way he hits.
please follow me :)
I stop my microwave at 0:01 to feel like I'm a Bomb Defuser.
I WANT CUDDLES DAMNIT!
Shout out to my niggas that was there in the beginning. They were there when i was strugglin, they'll be with ne when I'm winning!!
Do you know about how much longer? I've been waiting up for this but if it will be a lot longer I'll check back tomorrow.
Was about to tell you to discount that batch....too mushy! I'll send you a recipe w/ notes! :)
25% of people on food stamps,40% of people on Medicare,43% of people on unemployment don't believe they are using a socialist, Govt program
your last few tweets have had me thinking: "heard that". just thought you should know…..
I don't worry bout hataz, don't care bout hoes, I'm trynna get my bank account some more zeros..-
Pigs in a Blanket #YUM <U+263A>
turn me on by nicki and David. Loving driving to that song with the windows rolled down
bored. someone text me please? :)
Imma say it again: Lake Pontchartrain is NOT safe for swimming. NORD has free pools or go to a real beach in MS. Please NOT the lake!!!
Smoke another bowl? Yeah.
hahah I'm pretty sure we are.
indeed my good sir!!! haha
I love my Kindle but it's lacking easy way to quickly write out longer notes while reading. Maybe next Kindle will solve that
Fight me den
Being w/ family makes you realize alot. But now that I'm hangin w/ them its always that 1 empty space in all of us wishing Terrance here. <3
Alright so apparently tonight is let's make Serena feel bad night. Would anyone else like to add to it?
Arrrgh!!!! Come on Tar Heels.... You are tripping!!! Shyt!!!!
Thanks for following new friends
Tonight at Bnai Or at Newton Theological - playing again with Shefa Gold - a night of chants - visit www.hebrewchant.org - for details.
guys! tweet at this amazing fella, and ask him to feature Goodbye Coastline in the Substream Random Awesomeness section!xoxo
Sluts on twitter are so entertaining c: they warm my heart
Today was my 2nd day and I already want to quit
Mitt Romney and Ron Paul two man race???
Liquid dope got the best of me tonight
RT if you have a Twitter crush.
Could TV solve the glacial play on #PGATour by putting a press on the commish? i.e. we have scheduled programming, get it over with on time?
students need encouragement more than instruction
Thanks for the follows everyone! Sorry I haven't been tweeting lately! 1 more until I have 80 followers!!!!
In a bar with a lot of filmmakers. It's great to be back in my element.
Follow for exciting updates like: "Item 26-FY2012-13 Budget for the Parks and Recreation Department is presented."
Today Only! ...to celebrate the final day of the 1st Annual Delray Beach Festival that WIDSIX was a part of, I'm taking 20% off websites, se
Haven't been tweeting as much as I had planned at #AERA2012... So much going on; so little time to tweet.
is your name Benjamin ? Is your name Franklin ?
BALLOON UPDATE: No Rush Hour Race this morning due to rain. Stay tuned for possible afternoon launch.
How am I suppose to get HW finished when 90210 is on Netflix
Some head would make it so much better
Why does band go to the beach when they do nothing
Dancia Patrick is a Ok, a couple bonus points for her.
Thanks for the follow, look forward to your tweets!
we can only hope...
Thanks for the retweets and continuing the conversation.
feeling the baby do back flips :D
only non Asian haha
: want to meet up tomorrow at 3pm on Monday ?
Entner: Where is the due process? FCC releases report on AT&T/T-Mobile As if Congress needed another reason to focus seriously on reformi
If you don't respect family first, I will make you resect pain first.
My awesome husband David Leitch will be visiting prof. in political theory at the University of Oregon. I'm looking.
I really, really should.
FDA approves Afinitor for non-cancerous kidney tumors caused by rare genetic disease
dang it u always blame me :P
Mid-Week Motivation!! "Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself." Theodore T. Hunger
Preparations are underway for the Performance tonight at Holocene! Doors open at 7pm, show starts at 7:30pm!
Dare yourself to be creative today. Shoot a video, edit, and upload it! Who knows, it may become viral in a few hours. :D
Had a great weekend meeting and wishes him all the best where ever he ends up!
might miss u :( leaving for Austin Monday
"You always miss the shots you don't take" My mantra of the day.
Approval plan tackled. Snack time and catching up on
Finish setting up for PGBC Holiday Party tomorrow! Two more xmas parties to go...i love my job, i am having so much fun!
MT : Glad, family together in church. Takeaway: Christopher needs work on etiquette in service. #happyproudbutheisloud (Yay)
yes you are and thats a good thing keep grindin
I should have clarified that strawberries and nutella were better than dating, not that a date did this for me. Geez. Oh, add
Hahaha... I love ya <U+2665>
Very welcome!
Thanks for the RT's!
#Cozy dvd cases knitted!
chyeaah right. last year was your best shot, Wisconsin 2-0 vs. K-State in NCAA tourney.
Naps always make my head fuzzy.
I must reach 1,000 tweets before the end of the year..
That lifeless feeling you have after you take one of salyer's tests<<<<
Watch The ToeTappy Video Everyday And Vote (: Can I Get A Follow Please :D
Ouch. Just upgraded to a EVO #D recently. Love it. Wife upgraded to a Nexus 4G, too. I almost wish I had chosen that.
I think that that just became part of your to-do list. Who would you write about first?
Just had Alexis () Ohanian say really strange things to me. It was magical.
Wow I thought the last 20 hours of this campaign would have been me begging to make the goal. What an amazing surprise!
Not sure if I can do this...
Cody Jasper was considered a childhood prodigy in the guitar! CodyJasper.com
"Change your thoughts and you change your world" ~Norman Vincent Peale
" you are lucky: My apologies for waking some of you up but I can't sleep... I'm ready to see the Killer Whales tomorrow.."
Addicted: Sorry I Can't Make It, I'm Gaming - Opposing Views
My mom just called me to come over and eat breakfast with her. Lol wut?
you were in my dream last night
Why can't i write songs like Air Supply? Dang.
approves our music because we don't use foul language in our lyrics
Oh so fab!!
YEAH!!!! “: I'm not saying the C's killed the Hawks today... but they're putting crime tape up around the Hawks locker room”
you have to be Canadian to understand why bettman is booed.
LOL, I do what I can!
The Lifers are the best kind of people on Twitter right now . They support the So So Def artists & Live Life . Proud Of All . Always
hey, that's what I call choco! You can © that from me. Haha
2011- what are you smoking? 1836- hath demons contaminated thy mind?
It's great to see all the schools around the country getting ready for spring practice. We'll get going at the end of the month. Can't wait!
Good morning!
When will & Chuck getting naked on the air? Lol.
Movie morning with the boys =
Danm that gurrl knows how to get it and now that she's got it on that rewind girlwhere that money at fuck them asristicatsubringinitbackhome
Don't mess with my man!!!
Told ya!
yay! I enjoyed learning a while back about how this painting was a rallying point for the city during WWII.
I'm not dealing with you lol
Great! Although I just remembered that I left a window open at home, and the dog isn't smart enough to close it for me.
I'm working on a project at Group Health. Aren't you across the street from me? :)
Tweetdeck and are NOT on the same level
RIP Steve Jobs
Why, yes, I would rather be asleep, thank you....
yes i did and i liked it lol
happy friday
goooddddnigghhttt it's past my bedtime <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
omgomgomg #football is on my television.
If I were a GOP candidate, I wouldn't want Cain or his "endorsement" anywhere near me.
I'm afraid you don't have any physical evidence lol
cheers! Can't wait - ill get you back!
and i can only assume i have the seat next to you?
sorry not funny
Thanks! and you never know ;)
Send me your facebook link.
I don't like being sick :( i want this cold to go away :/
Man I look so busted when I wake up in the morning
I am now a mac owner!
He texted me and was like i love you ten minutes ago out of no where ! : /
is chipchattin it up at #goredsea in with
remind me to reprimand him for that.
#everyone please follow me I need more #followers I'll follow back
last one - ryan adams - dirty rain
I never regret an ex.. because at one point they were everything i wanted
Wondering why people collect lighthouses that were made in China?
Oh well.
woooooooooooooah! How's the talk, BTW?
Congratulations Carolina Panthers Fans !!! : The Panthers ranked first in the NFL for the 2011 Toys for Tots toy drive!
lemme know if you want to go after school, I rescheduled the van for tomorrow cuz all my help is beat
RIP Whitney Houston.
20 years ago in library school, my cataloging prof said I would flunk out. but I passed. after we'd negotiated a price.
hello bradley X]
Pretty sure if Michigan loses to Ohio that would fall under the category of Ultimate Karma.
It's better to end something and start another beginning than to imprison yourself in hoping for the impossible...
Which is better? Driving to an indy retail shop or braving the parking and massess at the mall? We hope you'll choose local!
Get with us at #HempCon today and say high!
TONIGHT: opening of "The Face of the Ghetto" exhibit, featuring never before seen photos taken by residents of the Lodz Ghetto. 6pm at
Yeah. I need to get hubby out there to hold coins so I can get both in focus. Will do other things too.
Happy New Year (I'm in your time zone :))
Happy #Friday to all our followers! We hope you come by #Paradise Valley Mall to shop with us!
Levelland, Plainview, Snyder, everyone in the region, even parts of new mexico, spread the word about sour plains amateur mma !
Are you going to ? We are! Vote for SmartVAN for Most Valuable Tech & grab a Lefty at the job fair
Bubba doesn't tell us what to do.just because your leader tells you to fuck with people that you have nothing to with classy not
i really despise this heat!!
Fine, take all the fun away.
RT : cc: RT : I need a graphic designer!!! Anyone???
ah! yes. actually i had thought about hosting a huge clothes swap when i move next month. lots of ideas around that. :)
haha no I'm the boss in this situation :)
my right arm hurt.not really hurt just dont feel right
Hi! We need some stage hands to help out on August 27 at Urban Scrawl 5! Want help out? Email columbusmusiccoop at gmail dot com!
Shoutout to an amazing artist, thanks for helping me promote!
is reading a plan to solve the climate crisis.
great quotes!
Exam time! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
I keep having that dream ,it been 3times already
it doesn't look like Tucson is in the system yet. You should check with to see when they will udate Tucson.
Suprised he not sleep lol we just talking bout everything!.
Thanks for recommending "How to Write a Sentence: And How to Read One". It's terrific.
I use GoDaddy. They will install WP on your server for free. Saves LOTS of time setting up.
So she should know better.
As soon as you realize I'm worth it, I'll have moved on.
The senses lure you to indulge in the many sense objects. But the senses pull you only as long as you identify with your physical body.
I'm me now. Account name is about to change as well.
Oh my #brandival so much dancing and magic! Thanks
Autism is not caused by bad parenting. I have great parents, and I can tell u r a caring, devoted mom.
Facebook seems to be back up... still a good-sized outage for a site that big...
just met the dalai lama. omg. my life is made. what a concise and profound person!!
Learned that lesson the hard way b/c I've had the full Barcelona experience too. If only it were like the full English breakfast.
Remember the iconic civil rights pix? Suited black men wearing the printed sign "I AM A MAN." Powerful. No masked glass-smashers there.
i understand girls talk behind my back..but the thing is, im real and thats something they lack.
fair soon! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Our 1st mystery: Which serial item records say they're in multiple formats?
she was so down to earth and accomodating - fun story to do,
ugh... I forgot about that thing... #inboxHELLcloseathand ;o lol
Congratulations on being so proud of your bigotry
please notice me!!! please 23
Twitter sucks instagram
Tomorrow is National PB&J day! Prepping lunches for the kiddos.
thank you :)
may god be with you<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Man besides The Interview everything in this day can go fucks itself -Proto
excellent! Take pictures!
Surround yourself with people who have the same passion you have
Heading out west for the lothian road
You're searching for meaning in moments I've probably forgotten.
True ": Just because she smiles doesn't mean she's happy sometimes you gotta find out whats behind the smile that's hurting her"
I must say my sister wears is better then me.
"The only way to fall; is down." <3
my producers is good ppl yall follow them
we will have to walk.... Adventure time
appreciate it! thanks
@ I'll get on if is down
Street justice, Vigilante Justice #george zimmerman
- Rightly so, my good man.
fantastic preso! I went to #sweetlife & your blog seems very cool. Dare i say cooler than salad?
Thanks for the signal boost!
C: I dreamt I watched a Friends reunion & Chandler kept making juice but could never find a cup. J: Could there BE any less cups?
Sounds like a plan....
My heart hangs heavy for those of us here, while it rejoices for God that has an amazing talented angel. I will miss you Gray Collins.
Lunchables are the only thing getting me through this week.
People need to stop talking crap about people they don't know. I've been reading all these really mean things about celebs recently. Not ok.
ima need my manager here to disclose those details lol
Congrats to client Health Systems International for being nominated for
- True. His battle was longer. Oz was on the 5 -year plan.
IM BOUT TO CHANGE MY AVI ITS BEEN A WHILE
aww I love you! thank you <3 my favvvv
2011.07.06 #Brewers 3 #Diamondbacks 1 | Back in win column / McGehee socks the game winner / demons exorcised?
Doing nothing all day can be rather exhausting.
Sweet. Keep me posted, I'll keep the evening open.
<U+FFFD>Don<U+FFFD>t worry; skills are cheap, passion is priceless
"You gotta hydrate to gyrate." -
Tony Gwynn Jr will be on tonight. Crazy diving catch after covering an ocean's worth of ground in center.
could you make this the best birthday ever and follow me pretty pretty please??? <U+E32D>
Thxs partly 2 a bubble enabled by SEC Modernization of Oil/Gas Reporting 17 CFR Pts 210, 211 MT Chesapeake #Energy Shares Tumbling
just created a #facebook page for ScanMan!
We're live!
Ya take back stab and murder lady luck
he used to visit the store I worked in selling his book. He was an awesome story teller.
Awesome, congrats on a great looking site. Nice to see more architectural heritage projects using
Likewise! Glad we can exchange RTs to help one another.
the loveable, huggable imperfectly me tweet
No to all. Keep trying. What would absolutely prevent me from watching the whole draft??!!
Miss you!
My thing is this; if I'm sick enough to think it, then I'm sick enough to say it.
Home from softball try outs a long day hope I make it I get the papper tomorrow if I make it or not :-)
Poopy! ): Well, we'll try next weekend. anytime, just tell me. Okay? I need to get da money.
Cheering for the team at the state meet does, admittedly, mean seeing a lot of hot men from other teams. In Speedos. Them, not me. # fb
Party like it's 1999, perhaps??
you're cool.
You ever notice that the older you get, the older all your stuff gets, too?
TD Vikings!! Minnesota continues the comeback, trails 27-21
c'mon spurs lets go
i without a doubt oppose the idea of hunting an animal for play because what makes an animal any less important than you are
Thanks to everyone who came up to enjoy the Cooper Mountain / Montinore Estate wine tasting last night. And thank you Pinot for the food!
Dre was dannyelles sub in one of her classes today and was talking to her about Bre small world
Aw poor Olivia! I had such a fuckin headache...But it looks like your state is a lot worse than mine! :O #GetWellSoonHun<3
Not in the slightest!
Especially since it's such an ethnically diverse campus. took everything in me not to kick the shit out of the guy
recommendations for a basic gym membership around wallingford??
Steve Jones, Paula Abdul and Nicole Scherzinger are no longer a factor for X Factor. The Fox music show has asked two of the "so-so...
AESAOne welcomes All Ethiopians to our Annual Soccer Tournament in Washington DC Stadium July 1st-July 7th 2012!!!
Health lady at my job gave me a pack of lifestyles rubbas....."Ion lik lifestyles cuhz I gota big dick"
Preakness is about to be wild!
I forgot my retainers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Would you rather kiss Justin Bieber or date Alex Constancio?
Do this! “: Would you be interested in doing an email Q&A for my comedic sports blog, ?"
I believe the word you are looking for to describe turkey is "jive".
am waiting for 2NE1 GoodBye Stage
Get Your Closet Ready for Spring With Expert Organization Tips - NBC New York (blog)
Come see me at TAG RAW BAR, say tweet for a $5 sushi roll, and N/A Bev. Try my Hibiscus Rose Bourbon in a Kentucky Busy Bee Cocktail for $5.
My goal today: Sending out at least one job application.
I have 3rd one that I wrote that will appear on site on May 4th! Still hoping you'll agree to interview!
Getting challenged to a golf match when I get home with ... Quote "I googled how to play... I'm now a pro"
1) happy xmas 2) I was just telling the other day she could use an ereader! W00t with the gift giving!
*Slaps ass* get out and win this game bro.
M daddy brought me some subway & a soup :)
One week till NYC, two more weeks till Iowa! Can't wait
yeah. New neighbor. I'm glad u stuck my nose in...that's all I'll say.
My entire life is now "Hammock" worthy. I just watched my mother feed antidepressants to a cat.
spring'11 Londoners- make sure you have your course forms in for next semester!
“: I don't know why is complaining. I'm sure he made a good living off sampling other people's music. #bethankful”
.....greatest of all time!!! Hands down
right on!!!
I hope my boo made time for me this wk
YES! I want to know if Stevie Nicks' Fajita Roundup is still open!
RT : I dream of a world in which chickens can cross the road without anyone questioning their motives.
AND HIS BROTHER IS MAX AZRIA! bcbg. wow this is all coming together for me... interesting...
I am. Hope you're having a GREAT day too!!!---Last one had a typo! LOL!!
Oh, happy belated birthday, Thomas Pynchon—whoever/wherever you are!
It's not even my birthday , but he wanna lick the icing off ;p
Only 3 sessions and lunch into this Code Camp and so far it's raining fail.
Nate from London says He he he...don't tell my gf I'm here... I told her I wasn't feeling well and was going to take a nap!
ordered my iphone!! cantwaiiiiitttt
no way. Too much baggage. Keep it simple.
Join the Mercedes Benz Club of America this will be the best $40.00 you ever invested. You can receive $1500.00 after one year of membership
To all that honor our Freedom and Independence ,we have not forgotten our brave and patriotic Sons & Daughters, God Bless America 7/4/2009
Completed a Lifetime Wish by getting to level 10 of the Political career in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
They look great Rick! RT : ...I'm very happy with all the new portfolios. Suzanne Sease did a great job
Two wins in a row! And I missed our goal again... It seems like they only score when I'm not watching the field
#FollowFriday #Marketing friends:
Little Jimmy from Degrassi has come a long way.
On the way to my first Nice cool morning for a run.
Still watching prospects of messy wx come Wed PM and Thurs AM: light freezing rain possible. Attm, glazing looking very light to minimal.
If you get the chance RUN to see the hilariously talented Lauren Weedman in "No, You Shut Up" tomorrow 766-9412
Dance moms? Yeah buddy<3
I find it so annoyong that i still fight with my ex boyfriend... we both need to grow up.... & I need to move on
We have been working with George Crumb for years and premiering his works. We are premiering a new work in 8 days!
just checked. Tickets already sold out. Well have to catch her next year haha.
Listening to Russell Perkins at
Ice cream burrito please.
Annoyed by charity repeatedly calling and asking me to renew membership. A good charity but don't like being badgered. Going at it wrong way
LOL! "Assassins! Murderers!"
oh my god! I want them! Send them to my new PO box.
It is 'death by meeting' today, but I have coffee on my side!
lmfaaao<3 we loved them Bailey
Nope...They need to lose
where's my toy? Lol
Taping webinars, podcasts, and even texting can reach parents w/ difficult work schedules.
#Shit2chainzwouldsay:Start off wit a follow, Ill inbox her tomorrow, I subtweet, she retweet , I'll block her after she swallow! Truuuuu
My coworker asked what BBN stood for...poor guy. I broke it down for him Big Blue Nation... baby!
I've had a wonderful time! Saw lots of friends & warblers. Rented a very nice house right on Lake Erie. Sad to be headed home.
ARE YOU FUCKING FOR REAL CHRIS MAN IN 4TH?
Big Shout out to M & M Sports Consulting. Get the guidance needed to prepare your student athlete for college success.
heehee see you guys in the morning! <U+2764>
If you participated in World Book Night USA, please share your stories and pictures. Were you a giver? a recipient?
the moon always looks rad!
I loved your #boyfriend video <3 Great song ! Still gotta watch the interview, but love you! please follow <3
Pleased to hear it. Congratulations.
That's a great idea! The #wbn continues all week!
Fear knocked. Faith answered. No one was there.
I'll do my best, but no promises. The left side of my face needs to be evened out.
I miss you, baby close your eyes let's meet in our dreams tonight. <3
Flashdrives...that's a GREAT idea, thanks!
Merry Christmas everyone! Food, rest and basketball today.
haha Fo reals dude! We always find our ways..
You're right, I don't want this to go to a battle of wits because clearly you'd be fighting unarmed.
Bitches will be bitches.
What's your family's favorite holiday tradition? Share for a chance to win our winter DVD collection full of Entertainment That Educates! :)
Visit Carmel's Holiday Tree Lighting at Civic Square. Santa, live animals, Nutcracker preview, 20 Vendors from CFM. Good things to eat.
Have you helped a librarian through HAL? What did you do?
Whether in chains or in laurels, liberty knows nothing but victories.-Douglas MacArthur
The #pennrelays are getting me excited for the Summer Olympics
Making some progress with some sponsors, it was a good week!
hey how are ya? Just Wondering because i never sent u a tweet.
you're beautiful. I will help you wallpaper every room of the house with this issue to send subtle hints to J.
great day so far! and its national clevage day AND its Eric Claptons birthday! happy birthday bud!
This heart monitor is driving me nuts. My chest also hurts
Agreed, always has been my favorite weekend of the year. Taking the WIAA tourney away from Madison would take away some of that
The second street clue is coming, the 1st is a street with a boro name...
Actsophia Users - info in the app has just been updated for the month. Just press "Update" on the bottom tab bar to get latest information.
-CALLING EARTH- Let's trade Michael Jackson for Charlie Sheen...I could use the drinking partner.
mama needs to back off.
Never mind, just told me! 349 people have voted. Hmm, wonder how many I have?
Perfect new year not.
Crème brûlée @ the Blue Apron with Amy Waller and Jenny Goad. <3
I have it already. Got it Tuesday
no it doesn't is says I'm eating an apple :) can u read or what?! Lol jk <3 but yesh I'm on xD
Going to Nouvelle Eve for a 4 course French dinner and Cabaret Show. Ooh la la!
A #golf tourney doesn't get to use the term 'prestigious' if said tourney is held at a club that doesn't allow
Reviewing The Day the World Discovered the Sun by Mark Anderson I'm a pure sucker for science history. Can't wait to read it!
You know you shitty when you keep saying "it's just game one"...maybe but y'all still getting that ass whooped
We hope everyone had a fabulous weekend. Now let's talk business: we are opening for lunch at 11:00am until 2:00pm. Happy Tuesday!
shit you boys are having the time of your life
Sick app. Best of luck to you!
I don't know if you meant it to be , but the #CirocSalsa was HILarious. That got my vote.
yummy, love their breakfast, enjoy xxo
Thanks for rec. I will have to try it out.
Very good game tonight Jay great job!! Best D I've seen this year! You guys were great in all 3 phases!
Beer, Burlesque, and Babe (the blue ox) party tonight at the Minnesota History Center! Woo!
When learning theories interfere with each other, deeper learning occurs - D. Gibson's simSchool
is tweeting.. not going to ask... see ya
Andre 3000 features are ridiculous
my legs hurt, my personal trainer kicked my butt last night at the gym
I'm done with the first year. Three more to go!
Trippin off my nigga and we on that good life
so wimpy I did not go to Billy Goat-how many did you fit in Tavern?
And you think I'm dumb. RT : Oh not that Phil Simms
Thank you!
The power of God can be conducted through cloth and handkerchiefs, but God prefers to use people like you and me.
Aging in America: Seniors start feeling a loss of self worth & don't want to be a burden. #linkAges aims to find solutions for this
I see little upside to this era of "news & analysis." The adversarial set-up, obvious sophistry, ignorance of the talking heads.
79 year old veteran gets Citi loan mod approval after several declines using #Save Your Home book principles get your copy today on Amazon
How do u not get #kevindurant the ball everytime down the court! Straight beast
LOL YEAH IT DOES BUT I'M GOING TO TRY TO BE ON MORE
#NowPlaying: Out Loud by
Stuck in Minneapolis, MN for the night. All flights are full, All Day! Not such a bad city to be stuck in. Gonna head to Mall of America!
Hit me up if you need plans.
Junior Silver Dancer clinic is coming up March 24th!!! Go to keyword JSD for more information!
Ohh, really? Maybe that's why my Mom didn't want me to ask my Dad abt his time in Korea.
I like the pic. Cute kid's
"sometimes the best way to live your life is to choose the experience that will have the most anecdotal value" yes!
I hate when it's cold outside and then I go in a warm place and my glasses fog up.
No, but it's the perfect time and place for traumatic brain injuries!
What stands out more: white font on black background or black font on white background?
Rooted my Droid Incredible today! I love #cyanogenmod!!!
Context might be important for the situation...
Put the little things aside and focus on what really matters
This was an excuse actually used on board my ship when I was in the Navy. "Sorry Chief, I was laying in my rack sound asleep and I was dr...
Can you please give me more information about your may event so I can post it and get my members involved?
Jeff Suppan's perfect game has ended. Imperfect game has begun.
And by the way... Why did we work so hard to make pictures so clear with expensive cams to have the quality degenerated by a program?
oh no!
No thanks.
Thanks to my broski for last night
Gospel at the Gallery Memorial Weekend...Tired of the same 'ol ready for something NEW! YA KNOW?! Spread the word like ur mouth on fire Ha!
#MyWorstFearIs to lose the guy I love
Will, since you won't tell, let me: Will's fav 80s movie was Colors & fav album Straight Outta Compton. Issue dead.
Good Morning Tweet Friends! The sun is shining..do something YOU want to do today- #INSPIRE yourself to #ACCOMPLISH something #Meaningful!!
Before you “assume” try this crazy method called “ask”
Mind your own fucking business. What I do with my life should be none of your concern.
“: So N. Korea was less crazy With Kim Jung Il?” scary thought isn't it?
Perfectly put.
I swear thats the only bitch that understands me
Resources are things that work for you. Resourcefulness, is about YOU making things happen.
thanks, girl!
Adam: "What do you think Ohn da moo means?" Damien: "Uh, on the moon?" Lmfao
t(-.-t) Mayweather... Cotto still fought good!
What time Phil?
start trumpeting that horn up to some of your national 'coworkers' lol
Anyone still there?
It seriously feels like Saturday... -_-
Huh, I don't get how #Klout can call me a "specialist" when I'll about anything from Lady Gaga to Stevia.(#Booksbooksbookswritingpublishing)
OK, I'm hiring for a Data Analyst in Boston. Email or DM me if interested
Weather is so crazy that both Lake Shore Drive and Wrigley Field are trending right now.
"TRAIN WRECK" is now on ITUNES!!!
RT : Who's talking about you online? It takes seconds to make or break your reputation on the web; protect it accordingly!...
Seeing toxin tonight with !! :)
going to shower and then sleep
- you are most welcome. Our pleasure being a part of something so great
today lets toast to the future cause right now shit happen its highschool we almost done so things gonna happen we almost grown
Rob Lowe said literally on "Who Do You Think You Are?" teehee!
We are the hero of our own story
How hauersperger moved me away from today. <<
I am not going to stop tweeting you until you follow :)
Yes...which program? RT : would that be sufficient material to go to grad school at ?
You know something good is brewing when you're excited about going to a meeting. Can't wait to make happen. Please follow us!
are you?
Hm. Two excellent comedy shows + rub elbows w/ the talent at workshops and meals. Like compressed summer camp for comedy nerds...
I come home the 7th but then I fly back to Tokyo on the 13th
CAN'T MAKE IT TO HUSTLIN' STEAKS OR JUST, DO NOT WANT TO LEAVE YOUR HOUSE? HU$TLIN' STEAKS NOW DELIVERS CALL 215-877-1906 HUSTLIN STEAKS
Him and no one else
haha I like that songs
freakin I'm tryna retweet yo stuff and it won't even let me!
Actually your account is active and has been since that day. Did you try to log in?
We're here w/ & learning about the Spring 2012 Partnership for Parks grant program!
Halverson: NCLB emphasizes low risk solutions
If you've been through alot of hardship, it's because God is preparing you for something great!
is this the start of your long form Joaquin Phoenix performance art?
I'll post, Matt Hunter's random photo. Where's that phonee.. -___________-
For today's #ecochallenge, I promised to use no paper. Promises + runny nose = need to change shirt. Happy Earth Week, Tweezies!
Food, friends, skiing and of course dogs: “: Headed to in 36 hours...powder , drinks on ”
my place tomorrow. Everyone is recording
Maybe it's my age, but I'm partial to Chocolate Chip Classic™ RT : Favorite holiday cookie? Ours is def snickerdoodle.
#OTG #WEAREOTG #OTGLIFE Making music should be a extension of who you are, not who you want to be!
Already thinking of some ID's for my wedding day. Any ideas? (mainly directed to my 9-1-kix crew)
Producers send me some heat at
I promise i just followed him come on.
Thanks for attending the panel!
Doctor said "have you heard that song, I like big butts and I cannot lie..that's your baby." Hm 4 more weeks to delivery.
Fuck yeah! I'M BACK :D
My pops same way... but trust me, it skipped a generation... lol
Spent a majority of the day working with my iPod.
Created new wordpress personal injury blog for Washington accident lawyer Rob Kornfeld. www.washingtonpersonalinjuryblog.com
The Person Who Has Time For Gossip And Slander, Has No Time For Success...
heading home from the dunes..10 days.. i need a shower
Asda Finance Highlights Top Tips for Taking Your Pet on Holiday With You - MarketWatch (press release)
Dear Auntie Em, hate you, hate Kansas, taking the dog. -Dorothy
Eventually, That was the plan...
Now I'm getting yelled at bc I said the sex in 50 shades seemed run of the mill...I can't win w this book.
I'm excited to see how devs hack, mine, and break Siri to come up with novel user experiences
The secret of success in life is for a man to be ready for his opportunity when it comes. ~ Benjamin Disraeli
goo goo dolls and train usually go on between 1 and 2 here, so yes if you make it up that late
or maybe you hid it? ;)
Just ate venison for breakfast. I am a caveman.
also, I'll marry you if you come to OK...
LOL Ok! Use #Suffolkaccepts to connect with your class. #fingerscrossed :)
Lol we get it from our mama, thanks. lol
Where is a good place to watch the fight this weekend in #DC #Arlington or #Fairfax?
If you like Rabbit Proof Fence, check out memoir, "Of Water and the Spirit" about African boy taken by missionaries.
no I didn't. Thanks for the shout out tho...
Wicked. What a fantastic show!
Mark - glad you see the potential we do. Let us know if you want a live demo. Would love your feedback.
When nothings right, go left.
LOUD NOISES!!
would rather be gardening, but work calls.
I hate when he acts retarded
#Creepyoldmantweet Thank's for the follow!
Not a bad idea. Would be pretty entertaining after a few swigs of 2 buck chuck.
My first house will. Def. RT : My next home will have a hammock in the yard.
#ff love you mandy! x
it's entirely mutual my friend. Safe travels!
Daytime and games today make me a happy boy.
What am I doing with my life?
France Unemployment Near 10% Fueled by Laws Election Omits: Jobs - San Francisco Chronicle
Quincy Jones on O, didn't realize his idea was making TheColorPurple into a movie, stillnot over the bassline in Thriller...pisces genius!!
Everybody watch #WTAE tonight for the news on channel 4... there's a story that involves me
i think im getting very addicted to pinterest!
About to go through the gauntlet of decorating the gingerbread house. Sticky mess ahead!!
Do you know the seven secrets to success. Stay tune. Post your answers now.
Please help Liam and his family! Thank you!
The Chevy Sonic can go 488 miles on 1 tank! What fuels you on LONG rides? Tweet us w/ #chevyfuelsphilly & be entered to win a $100 gas card.
Is it a coincidence that the song "Celebrate" came on as soon as and I hot into town? #dontthinkso :)
Texas would drive me crazy! Not enough TREES. But I DID love 'Second-Hand Lions' :D
Sunny Day Real Estate
So grateful to be here, to be alive, to be able, to be healthy.
wow yur really hot !!!!!
Yes. Seamless and awesome!
Best of luck to the Social Media Mkt Mini-MBA class tonight. #RutgersCMD. It was a pleasure.
If we want to make wise decisions, we will look beneath the surface and ask some key questions.
YOU chocolate.
Makes sense. I misread your tweet. Carry on.
Resilient Soul's Health and Hair Expo was excellent!!!
Live Remote Broadcast from the El Rio in the Mission District starting in 10 minutes
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK EVERYBODY STOP & GO HIT THE FOLLOW BUTTON NOW >> ¦<U+25AC><U+25BA>¦<U+25AC><U+25BA> TOP MALE MODEL HE FOLLOWS BACK!!!
Randomly thinking
"You're killing me smalls!"
I'll always be one who cares about supporting the music scene so, you're welcome =]
LOL. That looks terrible! Of course it is something I want to watch. Thanks for pointing it out. :)
Lucky you! Sleep on the flight!:)
LOL I know and I've been voting every hour just about hahah I hope it works
oh thanks!
#seniorshealth, OAA is crucial to senior health. Is #Obama committed to advocating for #OAA #reauthorization ?
Maybe me ? Please <U+2665>
Pledged.Excited yet terrified at the same time. THANKS!! If you were close enough, I'd chuck at rock at your head.
Not ready for it to end.. #trueblood I wana do bad things with you! 27 mins & counting :)=
Do you have #kids ? We have a bunch of #toys very cheap! Some are up for #auction right now!
...through an interesting military career outlining the sacrifices made and the war-torn places visited....
Stop burping right next to me and go to the Fucking bathroom
For Food Allergy Awareness Week we're chatting w Join in 1hr:
i received my permit, without ever operating a motor vehicle before in my life lmfao. i should really learn to drive now.
lol blah fine have fun without me :( haha
I just ate the BIGGEST bowl of cereal ever... And I do NOT regret it!
Glad I'm not at SXSW this year. I can actually enjoy my birthday this time in a moderate climate under the shade of a banana tree.
yep yep..i'm getting drruuuunnnnk. U down?!
worst posession of the year. Classic bo. Brilliant right up to the moment when its time to step into the elite...
/ Welcome old VU Exec. Council buddy from 1981.
It's ok just started watching it with me before
#WeWillAlwaysSupportAustin i cant describe how proud of i am i will never stop supporting him no matter what:)
don't know if io can ever forgive u
oh hi sowwy my phones a jerk! And didnt tshow ur msg till now! Whts up, babe :3
There's a corsage and everything RT : Are you still waiting to be asked to prom? One lucky reader should look through tom. T-H
Happy 75th birthday, ! You make my life infinitely richer. May you be showered with diamonds, or at least adequate funding.
do you know what's filming?
wow. Lol. That's gonna be an epic trip man.
you will recover all your friends with time and yes you are still my wifey :D
Change your description right now! Meghan will not like to hear about that! #inappropriate!
Woot! My talk proposal was accepted for CasITConf '11! (via )
omg michele bachmann is endorsing romney's candidacy & i cannot recall when i last felt so, i dunno, "DUH" MAYBE?????
Why doesn't twitter have a feature to follow automatically oor unfollow automatically? Why do we have to use 3rd party websites for it?
Do all that shit you be talkin about, While you gone shieett...netflix on the couch..
Loves and really almost doesn't remember studio life without it.
Senior prom is supposed to be loads of fun. Now it's all about who's mad at who. Calm the fuck down
just wrapped it up...its called "Ring the Bell"...great time filming in Florida!
Boris Johnson: We need more tax cuts
You want me to feed into your whispers about passionate sex, but truth is a desire for a selfish fuck
: Twitter: Where you go to exercise your phalanges’
On deadline this wk. If U send me a pitch, I will prob'ly miss it...anyway, early-bird Mon emails always get lost in the deluge. Just sayin
I wish I saved all the tears I ever cried for you, So I could f*cking drown you in them
He calls himself Metta World Peace, but he's still Ron Artest.
Peter Shankman: If you want something never had before do something you've never done before
RT : is the new Pete Campbell.
Subienkow caught Yakaga grinning at him
Let's go Indy!!!! Eat Gang Green tonight :)
is having their end of bin sale on wine, liqour and beer. Hurry in and take advantage before it's all gone.
Retaliers Facebook Pages grow 20 percent on average as a result of these seasonal promotions on Facebook
Coming tomorrow: How to roast red peppers
Hear with your EARS, but listen with your HEART ~ Lori Brewer
really? I think you'd be rather good at it for the same reasons you are a Frustrated Yenta. Compassionate, patient, high EQ.
Where is ?
We're playing Sat. 5/14 at Double Door in Chicago opening for The Memorials...hope to see you there! Send us a msg for cheap presale tix
#DailyQuote: "My most treasured possessions are not things; my friends, family and animals are what counts." - Olivia Newton-John
Last class in New York state!
forreal! She is just mad
Mitt, you CAN'T single-handedly repeal the Affordable Care Act. But you CAN keep pandering to the low-information voter.
"Didn't you see it on Facebook?" -the new "Must've gotten lost in the mail." Both far less likely than we force ourselves to believe.
HEY, I'm in school till the 31st. Not summer yet!
Disappointed that I'll be missing 3 tonight due to The Cold That Won't Let Go. :( Y'all have fun!
so 120V & USB & what else?
What's your cup size? oh wait.. let me look at your pictures again!
ants are the effing worst.
damn ... changing games immediately (MLB.tv)
Thanks for all your twitter love. xoxo
Sometimes while driving I confuse my gas gauge with my phone battery level. Not sure which is more important.
Really surprised by this years oscar nominations for best picture :-/
what song?!
& - Do you have a link to something that can give me more info about why you think Bank Transfer Day is wrong?
regardless of how good people in los angeles think they are driving, they are horrible....
$1 off taps and an awesome steak dinner for $10.95 tonight!
Miss u girl! Hope you're unbelievable!!
Awesome Asssscat show tonight at ! No wonder everyone's willing to stand in line in the rain.
Woah, hey guys remember Circuit City? I use to love that store...
hope brother. HOPE
I guess My chances of seeing her on April 22 is none !:(
Remember #thegoldenrule treat people the way u would like to be treated...
the basement of her house was dominated by a pedal-powered Singer sewing machine and a big dress-fitting dummy.
So evidently I am no longer friends with
how about the cupid shuffle
what, no helicopter tracking his car like Tiger?
You are cordially invited to go fuck yourself.
hair and make up done now im waitng for my clothes to be dry
RT : So many lives have been changed because of the Super Bowl, and this will continue because of the Super Bowl for a long...
Hey great crowd last night! Everyone seemed to have fun and got what they came for!
: I demand a recount!!! JK, fun contest, congrats to winners! I still thknkg was the best.
MT : Follow for live-tweets from tomorrow morning's otter celebration! Adorable pics, otter trivia, and more!
A-Town Veteran by #ColeHart is a five star rating on #Amazon. Find out why.#authors #Atlanta #ebook #Streetlit #UrbanFiction .
Thank you for the support Victoria: RT : Just became a member of the So excited!!
GBMAA Elite,new Clash of the Titans Champions Was an honour competing with the boys again
That would bring so many nerds to Vegas that would never have even been motivated to go to Vegas before.
RT: A #Virgo may trust you but that doesnt stop them from having a plan b.
My Friday night consists of Ancient Aliens and a burrito.
Followers worth having will, at the very least, digress honorably with your candid takes. That's all one can ask. :)
Just sold out of Orange Eats Creeps
Film Emporium has great rates on all of your production insurance needs. Check us out online! www.filmemporium.com
fall sail?
I can't tell you if it's #true or not, but the whole office is in hysterics right now reading talk about
as long as you know its all outta love, since we family and all we'll be good.
text me . i need someone to talk to, and so do you apparentally. <3
theres no time to let the blood dry
what's going in girl? Moving on from your school or teaching all together??
BSoD from Spotify and Chrome? Were we rocking too hard?
Can't wait to be with #oomf this weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
One win. Just one win. All I'm asking.
Exciting how the 3rd and 4th places in premiership come down to the final game of the season
He is soo sweet! <21 "smile, it gets better..trust me :). I can't have a fan of mine be sad at all, doesn't feel right!" -
#GOLF #JOKE The pros drive the Ball out over the #Water. His ball always fell short in to the water...> Read-On @ www.IcuGOLFStories.com
Yeah, but i dont really watch football just twitter.
What a great start to the week! #SMG is on the w/ David Letterman tonight and #Ringer's all NEW tomorrow at 9 on CW20!
Congrats on the new baby!!!
yeah I'm doing the same shit
Dolphins are so smart that within weeks of captivity, they can train people to stand on the very edge of the pool and throw them fish?
True story about Havel and Dylan in Prague, Czech Republic, 2003. Gorski told me NOLA.
How do I study 200 vocab words when only 20 will be on the test....
I was there too! Great show, but I felt kinda old. And the show extended into my bedtime.
Thank you! I've got enough cupcakes over here this weekend to celebrate! ha
looks like a preview for next weeks episode of Grimm
"The instinct of reverence for the Unknown is implanted in all human life." - Manly P Hall
There is so much things that I wish could happen
how your god baby
Now thru 2/14/12, for every Tweet/reTweet that includes #heart and ’s, Macy's will donate $2 to Go Red For Women, up to $250,000!
hoped that Goodell and the MN pols were geared up in their GWAR outfits for some serious battles???
House. Committee holding hearing on communitty banks. Next comes bill on aging tires. Big lobbyist interest. ABATE will weigh in.
Chilly day. House seems quiet after the weekend.
:) youre the greatest! I hope you fall in love with our jams! We have a new cd on the way! Whats new with you??
I will soon have museum, medical AND law library experience. Only half done with my MLS & have three library jobs to put on my resume. Mayj
Yes! Last week in the office I walked by the TV (we have a TDKR countdown) when it hit 99 days and shouted "We're under 100 people!"
This is fucking scary. I don't wish this on anyone.
Now Following
No sleep ends up with lots of laughter
Headed back to the Bay: SAN >>> OAK.
no way!
Cool I learned something.
I heart u Keo!
Perhaps today I will manage to get a few more pictures hung, before the schedule overtakes me.
You happy with all this? I know there your boys just wondering how you feel!
I took my little pug aj to get neutered today :( I have to pick him up at 4. I miss him <3
asdfghjkl;!! He's following me!!!(:
why? You need your rest.
Thanks for hosting a great forum on social media in journalism/pr
Orioles will make the wild-card playoffs.....I'm dead serious..Zach Britton getting healthy..Machado and Bundy coming soon. BROB return?
White girl.
Submit your poems today to the new SLAM! National Newsletter! . Deadline is August 31, 2011.
Thankyou so much and and we too know that G OD has great things planned for him.He has inpacted more livesN 4years than most
The King and I steered away from prez politics, but we did chat about wardrobes (rock 'n' roll, not VP) and my pudgy Elvis tattoo.
nice enjoy! Have some oysters for me
Coffee..blues...smoke..Studio sesh
Hows everyone's Thursday going? Ours is going great here at Fastino's. Come in today and enjoy something from our wonderful menu.
I don't use protection on my tweeter either... O_o
Hey, SPHers, congratulations on wrapping up the school year. On to summer!
If you really didn't care then you wouldn't respond. Hence disproving your point. "That's stupid" now that's a response.
As long as you're across the street, we hope we're BOTH here forever!
People constantly use me for my notebook paper. Do I look like Office Max?
RT Coming to America never gets old.... NEVER GETS OLD!!
our first #CSA box of the season arrives today. can't wait!
everyone go follow our local rock station in New Orleans
I just wanna be loved its so much hate in this place we call
create #app that improves #grocery shopping. improve efficiency, track frequent purchases, endless possibiltiies.
Faith and a little patience for this heart of mine. Though I would stay here waiting for the end of time*
wtf when was this?!
Wonder what the punk is going to do without his entourage in jail. Only a chickenshit hits a woman.
A big thanks to our servicemen and women today! Thanks for keeping us all safe!
This Florence + The Machine MTV Unplugged Album is Phenomenal.. May 8 | Radio City | NYC
Same with me!! It's just disrespectful to them!
Texting someone in the same room as you, then staring at them until they get it
Sucka's are the ones that hate, congrats people always congrats!! lol
Having a BLAST wit
Naps. No matter how short or long, I always wake up not knowing what the hell is going on.
thanks c:
oh my god im dying, seriously that was the funniest thing i have ever seen omg
hell nah I'm still in OH
Makes you wonder what was below, or if kitty just didn't realize it had added a few lbs. :) Thanks for the follow!
Am pumped!!
NO Artest or MWP as he's called =hard time shutting people down in high altitude...
Welcome to Twitter Need to connect with you soon.
I'm curious who will the Packers select with there first round pick?
you so fancy ;) xo
My bday in August . Hurry up and get here !
is that the one with the MC Hammer song?
"I got a bad feeling about this." No not really, ha. May the Fourth Be With You!!! Happy Star Wars day everyone!
Charlie about Anthony Davis: "That guy has weird eyebrows. He's tall too. I bet he can dunk."
We have a few complimentary passes available for Boulder Group clients to the Interface Net Lease Conference in New York next week.
My daughter is enjoying her first year at Liberty University. An absolutely awesome person at an absolutely awesome school!!
how many co-owners are there ? ( here )
Damn we're actually a bunch of attractive Oregon kids.
": BOUT TA GET HARD COPYZ<~Needem NOW"
Lol... So true! “: Yes we got that! RT : But we have Miss America!"
love you & your avi <U+2665>
Loving the Will Ferrill tribute on PBS
Will miss the Civic Engagement meeting @ West Center today. Heading to La Mesa to housesit. First time ever caring for a bearded dragon.
": I ask you again Mr. Maloney--do you support the termination of Frank Spaziani? #FireSpaz #PLEASEANSWERME #BCEagles"
What ya gonna do when you find out Im perfect for you? Watch out its gonna drive you crazy
Learning about sharing historical authority...lots of tough questions.
Education > Poverty
RT Judge Hogshire overruled all motions to dismiss five charges against #Huguely. Defense is about to proceed with its case.
Nothing is more decorated woman as well-chosen man.
Writing my paper about the American tradition of freedom while listening to The Program with some Perfect.
To risky to ask a stranger "Hey can you watch my stuff?" I offer bribes from the coffee bar for stuff-watching services.
My spanish teacher plays favorites. She calls this kid "swag" and i want be like "No Ms.Moore, Tyler *points to kid* not "swag, Tyler." -.-
It went very well.. How are things with you.....
Guy just coldcalled a $15K shv w JTo w anthr big stck left to act behind him? he won vs AK..if ever get stck gonna b great tbl to get chips!
lol Cool ur from Canada. Im from the USA
I Can Watch Repeats Of This All Day Long.
thank you! It's been a great trip !
......couldn't even put it on #Instagram it was so shameful
Snow Blows.
Can't wait for festival season
Ha, thanks Jared!
thanks for coming Shelley!
You know when I feel inwardly beautiful? When I am with my girlfriends and we are having a 'goddess circle'. Jennifer Aniston
Can you give me an example? We could fix that pretty quickly.
Beach party on the threshold of hell.
"You're fired," - M. Romney
Jeff, Raspatello here, the guy you were talking to at the end of the evening. Can't say how much that means us. Thank YOU
You need to be moving if you want God to show you which way to go.
good *gets sick*
woohoo! I wish I could say it's because you saw me today, but I know that's not the case. Excited for you!
bro, that is some weak Chicken-N-Waffles! I'll have to show you how it's done sometime!
My dad on the phone just now: "Man, can you believe the Spurs are going to win it all?" What a troll.
Mfs Finna have a free day on Friday no class that's what I'm talking about
#SaySomethin stock in my head all day long, but its a incredible feeling ;) <3
Yet "Bullying" was rated R! Even more perplexing.
hehe! You bet!
Just printed my artist pass for Los Angeles Auditions! Anyone else going?
for saying shit
I'm a loyalist! I LOVE everyone. Total crush on Josh.
Another day, another month another praise!! Thank you Jesus :) Good morning early birds!
I think it odd rite aid has an ice cream bar. It's next to the dollar bin.
I want more followers, what do i have to do ? Someone talk to me LOL.
just posted chapter 2(:
well. this was a finely-crafted, meticulously groomed, all-round retweetable truth until SOME genius used 'groomed'. Writers! Get in here!
Time to bury the hatchet, Put that Big Head on the chopping block, Guvner Matt.
Cheers! Thanks for spreading the word! Let's keep it movin!
Thank you very much.
#HowAboutWe treat everyone equally ...
the place you are at now, I have not talk to anyone from metro in a while.
If you make your return calls, please call me before you go to sleep. I really need to tell you something.
I've only been sitting here for 25 minutes and I already ate all of my snacks for the next 4 hours -________-
Thank you for following, yes we will keep in touch and gladly take up on your offer.
yea well I know I'm not a cover girl that's how I feel
its raining tis pouring the old man is snoring in nyc today
Thank you EVERYONE for playing tonight and please dont forget every Sunday we will be giving away $25 and sample products! Waiting 4 results
Is there a link to the story or 2+2 thread on what happened?
Hey look, is on twitter!
#YouKnowItsRealWhen after everything he's still the only person you can see yourself with.
lol love it!
some are real estate focussed but no, mainly general fun facts from New question every day.
I have seen it at some Target stores and health food stores as well.
NOW FOLLOWING BACK N THANX!!!
Captain America T-shirt <U+E00E>
Learning about the amazing power of #twitter w/
I live for moments like this one!
This lil 11 year old Gia is a grown woman
just trying to keep it real.
If you see this can you please follow me? I really need your help. Pretty Please with a Cherry on Top... :D
Today I got to pet bat rays AND I saw a mama mouse give birth! It was all pretty awesome.
Efficient windows are engineered to virtually eliminate the three ways your windows waste energy
I was doing so well.
I'm late for work......but that isnt stopping me from
. Thanks for the #FF!
Time to catch up on 3 weeks of !
Having a conversation with a 78 year old man has only two possibilities. Enlightening or unfathomably awkward.
yeah. *wipes hands on legs*
<U+2764> whens our next reunion? 21 jump street? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
i cant wait till you guys come on the east coast! :D
nah, I was born in Chicago, and raised in North Carolina
Molly our massage therapist has a couple of openings for Thursday, Friday and Saturday. Make an appointment quick, before they are all gone!
watching inception for the first time! How was your long drive?!
Now I'm the happiest girl ever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
One of those hashtags was for you, ha ha.
I'm clearly not good during high stress situations.
gain power within...
haha obviously the prank queen's side (;
No problem real soon!!!
Kicking off final 14 days of fundraising on indiegogo today; we will tweet the plot to get you all hooked to solicit your dough!
people must be losin sight of what's real. Some shoes? Smh
Jus got home from wal mart
yes, and yes, and yes, and yes. :D
So happy I'm staying home watching old ro coms and eating Ben&Jerrys
I assume this was for me...are you so alone you have to tweet at yourself!?
Looking forward to seeing "OK Buckaroos", the film about Texas music legend Jerry Jeff Walker.
Best in the world!
you come on more than I do. I'm the worst co-owner ever /:
Very cool seeing Man v. Food Nation in Milwaukee!
district of doom stays primarily intact. Loses Pitt and picks up kilgore who moves down.
so sad about michael jackson. pretty sure he was acquitted so you can stop with the pedo jokes.
dont tell me somebody tryed too do dat too u
Evryone follow me
Being a teen nevr felt so good
The Art of War, I'm from NJ
That girl's pink hoodie looked like someone took a dump on it...
And facebook and myspace that dosent mean you have a ife
Remember - if yesterday was your regular trash & recycling collection day, put it our tomorrow and we will pick it up.
< the weather is really not that bad but the capability of the city to respond is not what I am used to elsewhere
I was just sitting around thinking how much I prefer the 9th street opus over both the 8th and 10th street opuses. Cheers!
At home I love home
ah thanks man. i just changed it.
Easy 6 miler today. Out easy. Tried to pick it up a bunch on the way back. Need to run a few races soon.
Guilty pleasure is watching "I'm on a Boat" - believe me when I say I f*cked a mermaid. Classic.
probably! Guess I just wasn't expecting it...
#offline. OCD needs their top alpha. Ciao!
When a child or youth has discipline issues, they normally arent being shown attention or love at home.
#InOurGeneration People vote for someone "cause he's black".
Never was one to think long term until now. That's not to say I never thought about it but.... Just not like this. I need a life. I need
RT i would pay real money to get rid of FB timeline.>>>How about just get rid of Facebook?
#chillday gym later..
Still a headcase & has yet to have a good outing “: Don't understand the Parra hate. RT : scary we rely on Parra”
Hyflex principles alternatives, equivalence, reuse, accessible
Not sure I agree with my brain on that, but I'm comfortable, and I do like the colors. So, stripes-and-plaid-y I'll stay. :)
Pleease follow me it would make my dayy and can u tell jbieber to follow too please
In the process of learning a life lesson I see wat is trying 2be taught but wat I choose 2 do with wat Im learning will determine everything
Chairing a Medicaid Advisory Committee meeting Many updates on health reform implementation.
taking to long to text a nigga back, she bout to get cut ! lol.
Big, BIG boys high school volleyball games tonight around the region. Deep Run @ JRHS, Atlee @ Clover Hill, Cosby @ Thomas Dale - go see one
same here sir just tired from work lol
Downloaded and love the Chrome beta for Android 4.0.
Hahaha. Sad but true! At least it's Friday...
r33c3: I feel people who aren't info pros own the meaning of the word 'librarian' -- in the archaic sense.
Done with everyone. Every last one of you can eat shit
I would name my show "The Averagette" and the screening process would be "does not wear a baseball hat"
it was a really good article :)
Facilitating re dig citizenship at tie col conference in June..what are you doing to make sure students are aware of their dig footprints?
is your dj this evening at HAVEN SOUTH BEACH...it's about to go down hard tonight people, see tonight! Great set is planned!
That's what's up.
im im on some island rite now you cool though ?
Maybe all this hype that came with the SuperBowl will bring Indy back into the discussion of an MLB team city.
lol me too
Felicidades on 'Modern Family' winning a Golden Globe! Saludos
Awake, arise, and assert yourself, you dreamers of the world. ~ Napoleon Hill
Its okay I guess. ;/
Trying to get through #NASCAR traffic to see Two miles = 20 minutes.
Hebrews 13:16 () 16 Do not neglect to do good and to share what you have, for such sacrifices are pleasing to God.
Treason is a U.S. citizen's action to help a foreign government overthrow, make war against, or seriously injure the U.S.
Wow, photo tweets earn double now compared to this afternoon.
You can do better, you dont even seem happy... cut him off.
I bet you look great. Take a pic.
Thanks for luck, I need it!! thank you for having me!
well thanks! and it's all because I didn't get one of your cookies
And really? How often does it rain in New Mexico, correct?
is going in with the WU!!!
Tweeting some love on your page !
I've been so busy with production that I haven't really been engaging as much here as I'd like. I'll be better.
So I thought I could tweet while caring for four...not so. Great day of baseball, one kid fulfilled a personal quest, one lost a heartbreakr
Sauteed mushrooms for breakfast this morning. Memories of tbilisi. Yum.
Theres a perception of things around u when u walk, things u never noticed b4!
Got through my digital libraries and copyright presentation, working on Google Books/University partnerships research project.
is in your extended network.
RT : Kasten: "Dodger pride .. It's a feeling that just doesn't exist at ordinary franchises."
Lovin some life right now...gearing up for another weekend of shows-BH
Catch up is putting it mildly. I am so far behind. I have missed everyone.
happy NFL free agency tuesday!!!!!
Great video on #ebooks!
Looking forward to the tasty food sponsored by & cooked up by . I hear there is bacon involved!
That awkward moment when you don't eat something because you know how much exercise is needed to burn it off...
Todays cake is Marvelous Amaretto Marbled Cake. Happy hour anyone? WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
Who watched #WeightoftheNation tonight? Tweet us if #yoga has given you tools to manage your weight.
Goodnight people! Graduation in the morning! :)
Thank you for the tweet, and you are very welcome!
Ever wonder what ass taste like? Try drinkn a fruit punch powerade rite after u brush teeth while smokn a cancer stick. I wouldnt know but..
Lol! RT : Josh Thomson's walkout shirt is priceless! "Hope isn't hiring" and "Vote Nope 2012" I LOL'd.
Yeah John, because Timbers fans and Blazers fans are mutually exclusive.
no idea no clue who cares suck my dick
Who is ready for a freaking party at Awake tomorrow!? Its going to be so much fun!
My lil cousins are over! :) its going to get crazy!.
NODRM is live! The code is for ebooks only. Please email if it's still not working and we'll help you out.
Like I said, it's an older rule, like no split infinitives.
Thank you to everyone who attended today's Honors Convocation. Congratulations to the Class of 2012!
Love all the students in graduation gear walking around! #uwgrad # fb
Thanks! : , I'm giggling my face off at your #aimsoundersready headlines! The campaign rules, as do our boys in green & blue
Thanks for following & I'm looking forward to your tweets!
Everybody follow my sis , we follow back .
Why am I this tired BEFORE I eat?
heya mate, do you know if there will be a video posted of the Vitec talk from NAB?
check out both my sites: www.killerphotgraphy.com and www.jordanancel.com
Is anyone else watching this? Pacers are opening a can of but-whomping on the Miami Heat. It's 26-11 in the 3rd.
MT : The stronger our EDA's r the more volunteers we'll have, the bettr financed,supprted,n preped our candidates will be
Yeah, the SWP runs the show in Britain. there can be no doubt about that
My printer just woke from sleep mode with a huge toner.
Well, do you? If so, do share!
You're welcome! :D <3
I know, but he still expects more from me "that way"..and he gets a lil upset when i dnt wanna. and yep :/
Playing with for #dataviz. There's a lot to love, and it's all
did you throw the book?
thanks for tweeting my link. :-)
I have a need to learn how to verify a form and populate a database with inputs as soon as I can. other todos are less pressing.
I use every last one of those lies! :P
Dang. I HATE car payments. Just let me keep my money.
I've got the tune of a Jordanian concertino stuck in my head. Must be
Struggling to hit with runners in scoring position, is there any doubt that this will come back and haunt them today?
yeah I'm watching it on Netflix and the girl just asked Zach to take him to Indianapolis haha these characters suck tho
not anymore .____. I would loved to have played with you!
Knock KnockWho's there !Barry !Barry who ?Barry the dead !
What's hard about not cheating? If one person isn't enough, then leave. its a lot easier than always having to cover your ass
suns are going down piña!
I don't have premium, so can't read the article. Is there a timeline for the announcement stated?
Shocked by the Haviland news. He won't be out of work very long, at least he shouldn't be.
“: I Jus need things to do nd someone to see. I know no one down There”ok well what state r u familiar wit
Preparing for #IRA12. Visit author and I present: Using fiction and historical fiction picture books to teach Black History, Wed
#roadtrip numero dos! Team CTC heads back to NJ for a little more dry cleaning and a lot more Italian deli.
this is one of my favorite panels so far!
haha cool (: I don't think I know anyone who does
completed her food and exercise diary for 10/26/2011 and was under her calorie goal
hahahaha I would suck it up to be there. :)
I really love my life. :]
No lie has been stuck in my head all day lol
The new blackberry has a 3 megapixel camera and a 2.44" 320x220 screen. I think Zack Morris had a better phone.
we'll see
holy moly. That doesn't sound fun. At all.
Plans changed. drove straight thru santa barbara to san simeon, near cambria.
its been awhile
Sometimes I see a completely normal word and freak out about how peculiar it is.
I love sweaters & coffee.
worst thing is making yourself fit in and acting like someone you're not!
Winger Marketing welcomes The Chicago Sky to our client roster!
The iEconomy: Apple, America and a Squeezed Middle Class
yup u got that right.lol
Me and Snooki have way too many things in common right now. Agh. I'm literally dying.
If Tebow were traded to the #Jaguars, how much would Taylor Price (base salary: 490k) get in return for surrendering #15?
Thanks for the RT! Enjoy the weekend.
Literally falling asleep. Probably should of slept more than four hours last night. How am I supposed to finish my Chem labs tonight?
Two choices. Go pick mommy or go to the park. "um go the park" hahahahahahhaahhaa
Richard Pryor was/is the shit
3 areas of special interest for R&D: digital preservation, a/v preservation, preventive conservation. Can request add'l $50k
Rest of my teachers who were great Ms. Brady, Mrs. Benson, Mrs. Smith, Mrs. Harris, Ms. Cruett and Mrs. Stone.
My rotary cutters! Both the big one for slicing fabric and the little one for tracing around patterns.
Oh... my main projects now have followers on github! And it isn't even yet in production!
Yeahh #whodey “: Starting to realize jus how popular the Cincinnati Reds are out here...think I might have to become a fan”
i'm waiting... until you love me.
I know :( I remember him at Roadhouse! Praying for him and his family..
More like Metta World VIOLENCE...Am I right people?!?! Comedy!! Try the meatloaf.
where is my boy?
Every day after work, I shed several layers of dried PVA from my hands and arms. That stuff is tenacious!
I'm at the gym this morning. After this I'll be visiting a few local wine shops. The plan is to restock and rearrange my wine cellar today.
May 17th, 2002 - Jason Giambi becomes only the 21'st player and 2nd Yankee to hit a walk-off grand slam with his team trailing by 3 runs.
God 1st! Family 2nd! Money third!... period point blank!!
so jelly!!!! Have fun! Hugs!
What your favorite hobbies? (other than #studying of course)
For the wonkiest of us, please include PAC names in the future. It's nice to be able to pull the FPPC reports.
Give a listen to and you're boredom will be cured, it's free. www.blasesplee.com
Life is the flash in black heavens. HENRI CAZALIS, "Always"
I got fraped&my account is linked
I told him to get me one of those hot grace girls lol we'll see how good he helps a brother out tmrw
Welcome to #Twitter!
Make sure to take advantage of 20% off gift cards in any amount. Now through March 31st 2011!! It will be spring before you know it!!
Wrote my meanest/longest yelp review today. It actually made me feel better, lol.
lost 14lbs in 4 weeks. Things are looking up! Thx to you for your encouragement to see a naturopath!
": Favorite Artist? Send us a link of their work! #MonaLiza" sweet and talented <3
Glad my fingers are now stained red and violet.
I'm trying to see him in Florence next month! Have an awesome time. His concerts are unreal
:-( we are going to get rained out for lunch today, but tomorrow looks great..Vote and have a hot dog on Main St public prkg, Greenwood !
if you are taking the pere marquette it will be at gate E track 20 when u get to CHI. I'll be in the waiting area
Time wrinkle did not, unfortunately, manifest.
Got a ps3 for Christmas so add me Langer_09 and tell me who you are!!
"Wrap Up" your Monday! Happy Hour specials until 7pm, ALL DAY SPECIALS including 2 Lager Drafts for $5, 2 Craft Ale Drafts for $8 (Bottle...
Great to see riding the Monon Trail this morning.
Prom was great but now my body is swore!
I could say that about a lot of movies.
"If you want to gather honey, don't kick over the beehive."
I also like Family Guy the episode you're speaking of is hilarious. Keep tweeting maybe we have more in common. Tweet!
will you boyz perform in New York City anytime soon? If you see this please follow
Heys Everybody it's your girl Carly Go follow my bff Pretty Please with a Cherry on Top!!
Goodnight :D to rest beautiful dreams <3 :D
Listening to Why Stop Now.
no problem.
Thanks so much for the RT... you are Awesome!
w@ be best friends ?
Im so lucky to have the boyfriend that i have <3
way too long for me. Hahahahaha didn't get his cookies n cream ice cream lmao but Sheridan did!
why thank you. Cutest boy to tell me happy birthday :)
Cory Gunz!! Can you DM me your email?! i NEED to send you some heat bro!!
where are out mozz sticks?!?!?!
Doesn't it seem like NASA could be brought in on the Gulf disaster? Their engineers MUST be better than BP's.
I think the single shittiest thing you can do is fire up a leave blower outside someone's window at 8 am.
let me help you find a costume! i can compile a list of options and even pick up for you. dm me and we can discuss
If you got a DM from me saying that someone was saying stuff about you... delete it... It's a spam don't click the link... Thanks
Oh, ouch and um, yay?
Well 4 mothers day tomorrow suggest the restaurant where richard works just saying
aww cheekees :( I forgot to set my alarm this morning but I will keep you lots of company in op. mgmt!
In 2010, the last call we took on New Year's Eve EST was at 11:47pm on how to edit footnotes! What will it be this year?
How to be insanely clutch and choke on the same play by Rajon Rondo.
If you imagine walking 6 blocks SW from Jesse's house, you'd be on my doorstep.
As much as I'd like to attend the reading for Erin Morgenstern's The Night Circus - having worked for the circus, I'm kind of over it.
Is it #Friday yet? :/
I don't know who most of these young guys are but I love them...
who got next? send em our way Bravo
Thanks for tweeting that image! You've won free admission to the opening tonight at 6:00. Let them know at the door, congrats!
#DearYoungSelf Regardless of how cool Tpain makes it look, it is never wise to fall in #love with a stripper..
I'm guessing that it's because I opened up my emotional channels with the Michael Ryce workshops.
your one of the few who 'actually' read the event for IceBreakers - Look forward to seeing you there!!
Need someone to tag along? I wanna go.
I am too difficult even for myself at times
check my tweet! yo!
this reminds me of some graphic photos at the museum of death in hollywood
Bobby Fresh Family: We really appreciate everyones support in Retweeting all of our Blog posts you all have been a great asset to this line!
R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you love Chicago ICONiacz!
7-Eleven coming to Milwaukee. Oh, Big Gulps, eh? Welp, see ya later!
Thoughts, ? RT : BREAKING: Jury finds Virginia Tech negligent for delaying campus warning ahead of '07 mass killings.”
we think Kyle Kolich started strong. Cross fit profits from the publicity.
the summer nights go something like this: skunk - outside apartment - sprays almost every night - YUCK... know any skunk deterrents?
Love God, love others.
“: OU secondary makes every week Shark Week! Right?” Except bye weeks
your cute you know that?
your welcome anytime
Drizzy Drake the one that got the gift without the curse. . . .
Get pumped for #criticalmass, #cleveland! Meet down in Public Square at 6pm, depart at 6:30 promptly. Come to Edison's in Tremont after!
is too gorgeous :) follow back ?
DA DJ HE CUD HAVE PUT A LIL MORE HYPE ON ZACH RONDOLPH SONG still went lice HGCG U BETTER RECGONIZE
5 girls are gonna be lucky to me called Mrs.Styles, Mrs.Payne, Mrs.Tomlinson, Mrs.Horan and Mrs.Malik!! :)
Niall! :D Lot of fans in Turkey. Get the news. And they were all in love with you. :D :D
Happy Halloween to you to beautiful Ashley
added revenue boost with the new contract??
Considering busting out some "Sleepwalk" or "Telstar" next Thursday night. A case of bowed suitcase syndrome?
Ana bieber :'(
has to be his wife
Just saw The Raid: Redemption. Pretty freaking fantastic action/martial arts movie. Best fight sequences I've seen in a while.
I love you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-) 27
I think if DM'S ME ID BE SO HAPPY
Great women live dangerously, take chances.
RT : Great day at the picnic. Saw , my dad knows her mom! :) Lolol.
RT : haha, yes I do know who to send it to. And that's exactly what I'll do.
and hows ma best friend doin?
Enthusiastic anncr makes viewing exp better. Nance great, better suited for golf. Look forward to him covering
By the time this slow poke get down here it'll be time to hit the
Hosting a dinner Wed. night! Don't forget to sign up for the restaurant round up!
6 out of 3 only works on
"teachers" that don't even know how to teach <
I REALLY Hope so !:D
thank you!! Enjoy your breakfast from wherever you take it!
Special Thanks To for an amazing night!!
Calm down you conceited bitch.
U r so hot!
Whats your favorite topping?
No one would listen when I said the 49 niners would be great again I stay loyal to my team. Bay area!!!
But you will love them! Jim Dale is the reader. He's a master at voices. U will not be bored! ": Haven't seen any ..."
In Barcelona. Long day. Cool city. Groovy hotel. I'm exhausted. I'm getting some sleep.
you should just be the best YOU that you can be no matter what talents you have
Congratulations to everyone graduating today! is live-tweeting the Commencement ceremony.
Mark Pinsky (Gospel According to the Simpsons) is deconstructing blogging and the blogosphere
Just tapped Schooner Exact Seamstress Union Raspberry Ale.
Is it possible to get me in touch with someone in Seattle who may like to sponsor, or can sell at wholesale?
i hope your stunt falls..
For every beer drink 2 glasses of water!!
Who do you miss right now?
what editing program do yu usee?
Summer fun has begun! Are you enjoying your pool? Enjoy crystal clear waters with Aloha Pool Care. 760-798-7321
I uploaded twice today guys... like a boss.
Santino and his Damn cobra. When is Cody Rhodes getting his push?
The lip-smacking acidity of the Grenache grape is perfectly tamed by the soft-velvet tannins of the Syrah grape in this 06' Cotes du Rhone!
Okay great then I'll just some how have to remember to ask you tomorrow during Art okay sexy? #SweetNightmares :) !*)
Them Denny's pancakes got me full & sleepy.
is this a joke?
Just road my first slope snowboarding, and only ate it once!!!!
Terrified the Vikings stadium bill is going to die a horrible political death and damn the Vikes to L.A! C'mon Minnesota. Get it together.
“A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her”-David Brinkley
Thank you so much. More than a few tears were shed in the making of this year's Easter story. That's for sure.
TONY ROBBINS got SKILLS and MITT ROMNEY DON'T. MITT gets LIT and burned to a crisp. Lay off the LIES MITT. YOUR WORDS have CAUGHT YOU UP.
Thanks for the RT how are you today?
You're in my family circle. Just so you know.
Kiss me like you miss me and fuck me like you hate me and when you fuckin her do it like she ain't me.<3
:-) Have a great day! RT : Thanks for RT!
>>> Just when I think I have this hash tag thing down - It's how his name is spelled though.
When my teacher cusses in every lecture.
stop omg
fool couldn't even smile. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
"People who soar are those who refuse to sit back and wish things would change."Charles R. Swindoll
Spreading the Gospel of Love, Truth, and Blessedness
watch out now, too much party
I just installed the new UberSocial for
I've been super stressed the past few days, but sharing a salad with the dog is definitely helping for now.
I can't even thank enough for everything she did today for me. She always goes above and beyond as my coach!!
Omw hopefully lol if the car works... Umm better still be home juan lol
I just want to scream every profanity I can at the top of my lungs… Problem is, I'd run out of words before I felt better
I'm not making no breakfast lunch or dinner sound good thou
At a coffee house with friends. A guitarist is performing and I can only describe its as Huck Finn-esque. I like it!
Answer: yes, part of next steps RT are annotations stored as structured data, or just unstructured notes field?
He who loves not wine, women and song remains a fool his whole life long. Martin Luther, 1777
I AGREE.
Greenville to Baton Rouge
stop down to Marquette sometime tonight... I will be back down there later
Here’s something special for all our followers enjoying summer-like temps this week - 25% OFF ICED TEA thru 11:59 PM PT 3/18! Code: ICECUBES
I understand why they have verification but it hurts my customers.
Anytime hot stuff! Let's cross our fingers! PS, I'll call you sometime soon :)
Tried Rabo Encendido for the first time. I love cuban food.
that would be my guess (at least indirectly - e.g., "that X is downright wicked")
1000 free business cards with any order of 100 custom apparel units or more! Or 5000 business cards for $99.95 with free delivery.
- Good luck to your Ohio boys in the Sweet 16! Gonna be interesting...
Your hair. Your eyes. Your smile. Your laugh. Your voice. Your personality. Everything you do. You. Your perfect. <3
lol I hope You can go(:
Just making sure you are in the Matrix,
Music Sup and songwriter? Impressive.
Just watched Robin Hood MIT followed by Robin Hood (w/ Russell Crowe). My Conclusion: Cate Blanchett can be my Maid Marion anyday.
you already know its about the TarHeels not them weak Blue Devils lol
WTH is wrong with you? No animals!!!???
She was normal till I followed her on Twitter!
School needs to end sooner
he's blasting water into his engine components and blasting away vital fluids. Should be interesting to watch.
My first love
It is a strategic add-on to incentivize people to get it after purchase & go to your website and enter email. Build following.
We're looking for fresh, original talent.
whats it about
Marc Cherry never disappoints. 15 min left of the finale, i know ill cry when it's over
Do not feel like doing my hair at all
Loved the karate kick on stage!
seriously!! Not cool haha
followed, follow back?
HuliHealth comes from the Hawaiian word “huli” meaning “to flip over” Our mission is to improve global healthcare & to turn it upside down.
you gotta keep it up and hold it down. Do what u do man!
I'm tryin to get a hold of Kirby!! How bad does it need touched up bro? It was pretty vibrant last time I saw it..
A little late there isn't T? I should have seen your check in down by the river by now
i see u like grayson
Wow, I like UNC's chances of getting to the FF.
NEW FRESH SUPER STICKY FROSTY DANK IN: Jack Here & Trainwreck! Full Menu at www.WEEDMAPS.com Enjoy! ;)
Hey, it's snowing!
bout to go to sleep u?
Cool. When I saw the headline I thought it was saying grandmothers make their kids fat. I was like "duh."
The DK MRAs put on an excellent retreat today for the staff! Many thanks to Lauren, Jake & Nicole! Kudos to all of DK for being awesome!
Its freaking weekend I'm about to have me some fun
hahaha... you can never have too many shoes...especially if they are on sale :)
You just got retweeted by the Cincinnati library
Glad you found it to be a good read. Will be posting a follow up w a TCM perspective next week.
Thats why idont reconnect with friends from the past becuz its not the same anymore...
Musicians and artists alike tap into a part of their brain that is very miraculous.
Of course Alicia wants to take the worthless people to the final three. She hasn't done anything either!
I love it when i hear lyrics that totally apply to my current situation...
You're welcome Molly A rich experience...intentional pun?
Our #newplay initiative #newTACTics is deep in reading for our 2012 fest + each script we read refines our aesthetic criteria.
Not sure what to do after work? Cardio Kickboxing is at 5pm- Jab, punch, kick & sweat!!
Why do you Tweet, gentle reader?
I've been to California quite a bit and meet people, you know. Yeah, , I've met Ebsen. He's nothing like Jed Clampett.
Don't come running to me when he breaks your heart bc he is just using you. I'm right.
I second that, Cathy.
Syria, Bahrain and Middle East - live updates - The Guardian
Skinny dipping no pool girl except the one between your legs I'm a fool girl
Sometimes you just have to turn on The Beatles and do an interpretive dance alone in the living room.
Something is rotten in woodley park's metro.
93% Marvel's The Avengers With a script that never forgets its heroes' humanity and no shortage of superpowered set pieces, The Avengers
Nevada is 2nd second in the nation in foreclosed homes & has highest unemployment rates
If you don't believe that you're creating your world,whether it be your successes or your failures then you're at the mercy of circumstances
in Milwaukee Wisconsin. Tell Caine hello from the Midwest.
Use glue! RT : The only issue is finding someone who can either iron or sew.
I only bleed benjamin green
Off i go lol cute outfitt c: confidence gets me through my day
Problem: hodgepodge key systems. Creating a presentation on value of standardization, & impact on key control. How many keys do u carry?
Barnes: "[O]ur perceptions of...disability are coloured by a deep-rooted psychological fear of the unknown, the anomalous and the abnormal."
March madness is starting and the nba is in full swing. Best part is chris berman is nowhere in sight.
after walking by parade last week thought it should be called 'white people are ethnic too, really' day.
Here we go..
Cute conjoined twin animals seem to be really big on etsy right now
Good luck!
o ur going to 6th grade?
36 is nice :) RT : 36 just like that number....
LooK aT DeM HiPz #I LiKe HoW ShE RoCkIn *ReAlMiKeMiLLz*
I'm pretty sure I accidentally threw away a bag that had the earrings I bought in NY :'(
Some woman on the price is right guessed both prizes on the "clock game" in 4 seconds. WOW!
The new Spotify app for Android is pretty much the best Android app I have ever used. Now we just need to see what they do for i Pad.
I feel like there should be way more public restrooms
I'm sorry, I can't hear you over the sound of how awesome I am. - Barney Stinson <3
As a liberal I'd like to take this opportunity to apologize to Rush #Limbaugh for making him say those things he said.
I was the same way I'm hoping that they don't know my password
YES! YES! & Considering Vancouver if time permits!
A day out of school and full of golf. I think so
She said money made cum, isaid money make you dumb,Money hungry hoes they can neva get a crumb, neva save a freak
trace paper
Please follow me :)
Tip #73: Never give in...one chip is enough to win!
Got to the dmv 5 mins before it opened and there were no less than 100 people in line. Guess I'm gonna have to get up even earlier Monday :(
RT The Republican party has learned the lesson of Titanic, and so its motto is "women and children last."
crazy night...
Opportunity is just success looking for a place to happen. -Greg Hickman
Oh, yeah! happy Pandora morning. Will you teach me how to Dougie?
Even if u dnt fuck with Baseball (which is CRAZY to me (but whtever) u gotta Love the New York & Boston rivalry....
I don't know what happens in the time between awaking up and coffee...gray area.
Celebratory cake at the office made me feel like superman staring down some kryptonite
2 weeks left till Halloween order your costumes now .......great quality not that cheap nylon you get in the store....
hope you enjoy it!
yea my pops took some pics of me.. I will post them on here an instagram when he send them to me
and killed 5 hookers while at SMU. RT Skinny Charles Barkley is down to eating just three strippers a week.
Yes He will hide us in His tabernacle!
I need to lose weight :/
Woman, don't you eat when I order you not to. You disappoint me.
I just want a fucking snowcone.
Can't wait to find out what House Fifty Two is all about! Hints?
internet doesnt work, so I cant get any work done, so bad.
I love what Paul Thomas Anderson said about "Network." He said, "It's one of the best screenplays of all-time… maybe." :)
Stare down contest with a blazin fire in a fireplace....
yes in Korea apparently- seeing a lot of photos on instagram, etc
Not really fitness related, but who's watching the Ringer season finale tonight?
OMG FOLLOWED ME HE MADE MY DAY OMG I CAN'T STOP SMILING THANK YOU SO MUCH IT MEANS THE WORLD TO ME TI AMO <3
ya side was lucky last saturday..
#Plusone Bash Jones "tip the bartender" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show on www.blaze.wwradio.net/tunein.php
COOLER THAN ALL OUTDOORS!
just tweeted about sea otters, so take that, all my tweets aren't just about food
love what you said about Discipline and the Lord. I feel you on that one.
Better show: "Boston Common" or "The Single Guy"?
Argh. I just wrote a really long comment to your post but the system wldn't 'verify' me via Typepad then it disappeared.
filming a pilot next year,
Our guests get VIP access all over town! Stay in our penthouses & balcony suites while you are treated like a king/queen!
Never Forget 09.11.2001!!! To all who lost loved ones, and to those who were and still are heroes!!! :)
#nationalhonestyday is the sweetest person ever. no matter what all these stupid people are saying to me. :) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Devin Ebanks showed real lack of #selfcontrim (he will get an earful from Kobe later...)
Wow! You're brave, Rhonda! :)
if we feeling they really should perform we will invite them.
Time for Rampage to get into movies lol! Game over!
": I hate broken promises..." don't we all...but gotta live wit em and let others karma take its tole on them..
RT : We're aware people are experiencing some difficulties w/ Gmail, we're working to fix it ASAP. IMAP & HTML view are workarounds.
Kei was great and he's scheduled for another reading. Hi back!
The time will come when I'll be quiet drink hot tea in the kitchen, knowing that in my room, fast asleep, tired happiness.
You don't want it in Madden 12 !!! Dreams money can buy that video is a classic Perfect way to do it better then Drizzy shit . Love
Little Brother skit, "I'm your worst f*€king nightmare." Funny Eli, really f'in funny.
If that's true, he must be one sick bastard.
The header ad for my gmail junk folder today was a link to a recipe for Spam quiche.
Anyone else get depressed when watching commercials for depression? I mean with all those side effects and such. Gosh..
seems like the internet connection is better today at the #smss. yay!
Happy mothers day!
Waking up to an empty house <
Confession # I have a pocketbook addiction
#harp applications growing. Eberly
I need a bullhorn that plays "Move Bitch Get Out The Way" so freshman who stop to chat in the middle of the hall know what's up
So, I'm researching Ohio only now... less complicated? Oh well... in touch with three other programs already... slight delay. :)
We miss you too!
Nothing like cutting it close. IIPC GA next week, demo system now up and running *today*, after planning at last year's GA in Den Haag!
So any updates from my Nike FuelBand friends? You like? love? What aspects? And what's not so great about?
wait. Let me rephrase that. You wished for a dick AND balls. ;)
Get em kansas!
its all good lol but yeah its not me
Just checked my fb and my cousin got pics sent to her on fb of some black guy. Did not want to see what showed up
Have fun finding that RT : I can pick up thor's sword...
In Life You Always Win & Lose... But It's The Experience, Wisdom, Knowledge That You Gain Forever.
Two free blocks in a row
I'm down.
Like I like it, I'm just chilling.
Apparently I'm 85-roasted beets for dinner and 10:30 pm Friday night bed time. Thank god I enjoyed my youth.
Don't miss the DJ BATTLE tonight @ Venue of Scottsdale its gonna be huge! Support DeeJay DJR. Headliner DJ JASSY JEFF. 10pm it kicks off ...
don't forget to fill in your "nics" with
hell yea
This is the first day of the rest of your life. Make it count
Haven't had the veggie cheesesteak at Monks Cafe, but can verify that everything I ate/drank there was awesome.
Me and my auxillary office........
I'm out of court and oh man it feels good to say I'm free
Attention! Latest press release by Scott Lund drops a bombshell - the Mona Lisa wasn't painted in Florence, it was painted in Rome !!!!!
Hopefully i get off punishment !!
I enjoyed the ending of cabin in the woods more than the Mavs game.
I am at a women's networking event where they are talking about very basic SEO. Yawn
#Brooklyn TNT 4 dj Mikey g
I have the strangest urge to watch Armageddon today. I haven't thought about that movie in years. Why now?
justin didnt get to go to prom cause hes homeschooled BBY I CAN TAKE YOU TO MY PROM IN 2015 IS THAT IGHT WICHU? HOLLA @ ME OK
Many thanks for your RT.
just an FYI saw you coming in late, thanks for joining us
Much love! RT : Shouts to and you brought out Palm Springs, Riverside, LA, Vegas.
Los Angeles says #HelloJenCoolidge we missed you!!!!
damn you telling them
I can't see what those symbols are.
I hate wen mf's wake me up
Just committed to #30daysofbiking. During the month of April, definitely riding every day and I'll report about it here.
Last day of Snow White auditions. This being Pittsburgh, we may have to rename it 'Slush Gray.'
Remember we are open until 11pm on Friday & Saturday!
To anyone who cares, Jan. 1 will be my 39th birthday. And no, I wasn't the new year's baby for 1970. I came in 3rd in Milwaukee County.
I Cried When FOLLOWED ME & RT/TWEET ME TWICE!! <33
is that ur gPA? If so that's great n keep it up!!!
Yay! RT : Looking forward to seeing and and soaking in the inspiration at #pivotboston tonight!
have extra Weekend 1 ticket to Coachella. Let me know if you are interested...
OK I'm getting sleepy..it just got awkward o_O
anythigng for you Sheetal. Hope all is well.
Well ok, I suppose we can handle that. {face palm} Oh goodness what is WRONG with me today?! {twitches}
Two stops from work and we decide the metro needs to "hold"...really?
lubb you too(:
Celebrity Talent Promotion- checkoutjj on AP
Who wants Google + Invites?
I'm pretty sure I just ate the most delicious salad ever from Whole Foods.
I don't go to YouTube to read.
Happy Capitulation Day!!!!!
Never abandon Gods principles and instructions... G.P.S(Gods Perfect Standard) makes traveling a whole lot simpler!!!!
uh-oh, our little Sweeney toddler has discovered my electric shaver. This can't end well. :P
Do an old school, an old school dance, do it #old school!
almost just drove off the road lol
Life goes on.
Thanks Alex, Cyrus, Josh and friends of the Uni who played on the cube today in Prospect Park. We're excited to return soon at full scale.
#FlockaVoice O Let's Do It!
My 7 year old daughter was thrilled to find your picture in her Murray Elementary School Yearbook this year.
Happy St. Patrick's day! Come celebrate with us.. Patio is OPEN!!!
#imagine seeing the boyz walking down your street
there is always someone to disagree with you
Which Famous is going to win? lol
Lord, You Are Good And Your Mercy Endures Forever.
Awesome! RT : In case you missed it, Tweeple, you'll be able to vote for #xfactor contestants on Twitter!!
The way i'm feeling >>>
I love
Just finishd #foodies shoot at #Vermillion in #Alexandria for #NBCWashNonstop. Make my reservations! The #Obamas know where 2 dine!
Oh Hey! just wanted to tell you....I LOVE YOU! (:
Large japanese salamanders NoT HOt
never forget the UN-FORGOTTEN!! 2010 official limo rally champions!!
What do you prefer? Graphic image or photo image used for profile image on Twitter? I like a picture.
So happy to have you in Green Bay. This is gonna be a great season!
The game was horrible lol
ring a famous YouTuber and act as if you are breaking up with them :)
I'm going home.
glasses aren't so bad! warbyparker.com has some really great ones
You all gonna watch The Good Sisters online tomorrow?? I will be there.... From my couch..LOL!
I actually already liked u guys on fb since long ago ok!
aren't those cute? He's a sweet kid.
Haha I cheated on somebody test shit was easy tho .. I'm ready for tomorrow ima ACE the shit outta this social studies ..
does this go to the courier? "no, I don't think it's getting couried." m curry...
Tampa Bay HC Greg Schiano is a class act. The Bucs signed former Rutgers DT Eric Legrand who was paralyzed in 2010. Very touching story...
Happy Thanksgiving, love you son!
You're welcome! And, thanks to you in return!
Well that's really stupid. It's ok though. I know I can't really stop the stuff that I put on tumblr. Even pics of Austin.:/
I do! And no class taken.
Handout Comics #2 contributors also include: , , Erik Schneider, & me! Happy Free Comic Book Day!
I'm sure you'll be laughing for 42 years straight about harry's acting.
Haven't really tweeted much... Gotta step it back up again.
is talking about the increasing ubiquity of social communication in all devices. He's right.
Off to Florida . Only 18 more hours ..
hey everybody!! this is why i have been gone for a while!! i've been grounded!! so im back
Way to go America, you're #fat. At least no WI cities made the top ten, but there r still fatties here.
Well we will be doing auditions soon, try ur luck
yeah our place in Orlando we probally will have an hour left but we have been driving for 12 hours 2day and 5 yesterday
That good? Brandon Flowers was on top form tonight at Brum Academy. In fact it's one of the best gigs I've ever been to.
Don't get me started on SC2. After a decade wait, my rig can't handle high settings. I refuse to play until i can do it right
Wow! Interesting RT : Kentucky Senate Majority Leader David Williams will be on KSR Radio with me
I just successfully did nothing all period.
Isn't Mac Dre's mom named "Mac Wanda?"
Gracias!! What kinds do you have?
At least, I don't think they would.
Succeeding its the only option.
The greatest thing about being 28 years old instead of 5 is that now my mom can't give me shit when I have Pez and Vodka for breakfast.
Relaxation ritual & Young & the Restless. Tomorrow's Thursday. Woosaaah.
I think I need a guitar all the cool dudes on tv have one
They roll up the streets in the Amish country on Sunday. You'll have to go to Kroger for that pie lol
Master of the House is one of them.
Yeah man, felt strange not being there. Gonna miss all of you at !
If I ever decided to get a cat. I would never get a cat. I would get a tiger.
": If you're seriously enraged that James Bond is going to drink Heineken, you take the wrong things seriously."
Lumineers, Head & the Heart, Of Monsters & Men
can I get a follow back Zach ??(;
Xmas music is playing at
RT “ “ I'm going to have my friends back no matter if they're wrong or right. That's just loyalty””
lmao im not mad, maybe he is lol :) Im just saying the braids have to GO, LMAO
hahahaha that sucks
Pauly D uses the word #romantic just like me!
RT : She was so proud of her first egg in the coop she wouldn't stop cackling lol — I miss having chickens!
I know what you meant! :D
if you got players recruithighschool.com free to post highlight tapes and photos make profile or put your blog link
Harry reid should be recalled and not scott walker ladies and gentlemen - thompson
90%: That is the percentage of doctor<U+75F4> visits that may be attributable to stress, according to the American Institute of Stress.
is getting excited to load the wife and kid into the family truckster and head to Wally World!
Not long AIS or BPAX? Do some D&D!
Sexy boy ;)
Again hmm. I have been resisting the ipad, and I like eink, but maybe it's time to bite the bullet.
Wow...I mean, you might be a revolutionary but I'm not sure it's because of your age. :)
yah...idk Idk if we r going or not.
listening to music and awesome
And to you! RT : Happy
lets make that happen!
RT : A bad idea, well executed, would still not make for a good business! But is it 20% idea & 80% passion?
Deb: In a lot of places, you can be a librarian and sometimes find time or find approval to work with archives that are not being stewarded
Yeah, was a betatester on D3, its fun. But priced at console level. Eventually will be a limited free version.
“: Who wants a Shout Out? :D” me please!!<3
Coming in June has scheduled a restoration of rights workshop in conjunction with Bishop Curry to help ex-felons
2day was BikramYoga-I love that it's a practice & meditation,not a workout.Always find time to reconnect w/ self,or there is no u in ur art.
Had the weird dream about a guy I went to school with and we kissed! Not sure what was up with that.
This just in! DonKhoury predicts Ol' Floppy Arms will be the next Mayor of Chicago!
Nice to see that they have Coca Cola in your undisclosed location.
I love that my connections on LinkedIn connect me with 1.6+ million professionals. Will be handy when job-hunting!
NOW! yes bring da bored! and i l<3ve you too :)
I think the performance group is looking for publicity in all the wrong places
No...The Bulldog owns me :)
Sweet find!! Thanks for the heads up! <3
Welcome to the stream. cc
i am pretty sure you are somehow related to , he is a #MANIMAL too!!
..." When two join as one... They have each others back! Pray together to stay together. "
hoping you mean "vicariously!"
.. that was funny lolol
I'm taking my frustration out on a pint of ice cream.
I often struggle with the thought, am I robbing my children of their childhood by forcing them to grow up in such a Violent community?
Congrats :D
I've cried this whole episode
A few of us wondered out loud about Google buying Blackboard. G-learn, anyone?
Thank you all who participated in the annual Mothers Day Botox party. It was a great success.
I keep wondering if I could get away with declaring a PJ week. haha
Were on reverbnation stop by and add as a fan
I can't handle the idea that they are going to cliff hang me.
RT : (The Lord's) compassions never fail. They are new every morning; great is your faithfulness. Lam 3:22-23
Call it Nature, Fate, Fortune all these are names of the one and selfsame God.
followback,Is Awsome related to The Office
This morning I woke thinking of my friend. She found out last week her guide dog has cancer
Simon Properties is obviously repositioning Grapevine Mills as "high end" but so far has only achieved "slightly less scary."
Headed home after White House. I hope it helped spread the word about the importance of museums.
stoked you had a great time! I work in the Tapas Bar so come have a drink & say HI :) b4 u go dance the night away...
haha i 4 got 2 get back on twitter:( but im on now:D
inquired about lunch delivery "actually we didn't see it on the computer screen, we'll give you a gift certificate or something" umthanks
Hope to see you today for $1.50 Mexican Beer. Draft or Bottle. Also kids eat free today!!!
you have taught me to #neversaynever and to #makeachange! :D i LOVE you!! <33 ps. Please Follow Back
Great Taxi service in Baltimore. Yes. Lost items, comments leave here Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
OMG AUSTIN! <3333333 tell him I say hi and that I love him so much!
I am happy to be back on the follow! I don't get how some people get unfollowed! following...
- unknownDoubt is a pain too lonely to know that faith is his brother
we did not auto renew subscriptions this year..if you want to renew you will need to do so yourself
say a prayer for Detroit Lions player Jahvid Best who suffered a concussion last weekend and still feeling a little dizzy. Get better soon!
Losing to Northwestern is like shitting your pants: it happens, but like not really unless you're wasted.
I plead the fifth, lol RT : you such a hater....bet you watched them though
you are on a roll today!! i love it. keep the positive energy coming!
Thank u for retweeting my tweet. Precious Hayley passed away Tuesday. There was enough donations 4 her trip 2 NY. She
is one of my favorite verses :)
My gf's grandma's house with their dogs.
The joy of weeding: If it says "cyberspace" on the cover, it has to go.
wish I was still going to formal with tonight but since I'm "unwanted" at rucker, have fun everyone.
Distractions....you can determine whether or not they distract YOU!
Drinking our dark roast at the moment... "L'amerloque" -- our American "almost" French Roast!
+1 8) RT Totally! RT : Would love to see a crossover event between #sosea and
I really found the architecture info fascinating. Thanks for sharing, and for creating it in the first place.
when doesnt answer my texts<<<<<
You HAVE to be effing kidding me! What did we do to make the basketball gods HATE us? Just when we're looking good!
lmao hm hm tell me anything
thank you for watching :)
Haha, I might throw a last minute bash at the house, but I also want to do something in the city - maybe the same as my bday?
charged for a bracelet I have not received and it cannot be tracked!
Wrist: swollen wrist
We can do anything we want to do if we stick to it long enough. -Helen Keller
So excited too... All my friends are tuning in!
Q2 I worked in marketing for a time, and found that answers that weren't simple yes/no tended to put people off.
follow this guy. your visual senses will be challenged, provoked.
Oh! I've got so many miles to go. It's alright because it will be worth it.
Phone battery almost dead. If I don't get home in time for end, I'll see you next week.
who, lol u better not fed a woman up
On a good note. The Yankees could score 30 runs and still only tie the series.
How Bout QueenQ-tip? MadamEargasm ? lol. (Yes I go back to that Rolling Stone Brat Pack Article... hugs. stay strong. namaste.)
Thats the danger in starting a fire. You never know how many bridges you'll burn.
SOMEONE HURT MY SISTER OMFG NO THAT GIRL IS LUCKY SHE LEFT BEFORE I FOUND HER SO PISSED SOMEONES GONNA DIE >:o
I was thinking of it; but I don't have a TV with an HDMI in... I think it will be the Facetime machine for talking with iFamily.
For Chula Vista, it's all about on #AmericanIdol tonight! Go Jessica!
So Louis,you finally got that boat?
that's just a pipe dream
Like "damn girl, Ima be a muthafuckin' doctor. Save lives n' shiiiiit"
will do. Becky put it together and based it on reenactment camp and battlefield set up... will provide some feedback.
"& I hope he thinks I'm cool, too." Lololol
I owe BIG TIME.
I want to thank everyone who took times out of their precious lives to check out my channel and videos.
It's a bit crazy but I respect it. She's just doing her own thing.
#INTHECLUBTEXT meet me by the bathroom
"In nine games, the San Francisco defense has given up ZERO rushing touchdowns." Damn.
man Ive been in school and busy wit life. What bout u bruh?
Today, we mourn the loss of millions of turkeys... may you rest in peace.
real talk!
Set up for Christmas Praise concert tonight w/ Barlow Girl & Rush of Fools @ BRCCC, you should come tonight at 7pm!
Now we wanna make him work!
"that dress has seen more red carpets then an Irish lesbian." god I love Joan rivers !!!
what tests did they do? I am doing the copaxone too. It's tolerable.
tell me how the book was when you are done reading it
Hope everyone has a great time tonight for #MardiGras! Are you going out in a fabulous outfit to celebrate?
Send us your music we can promote you!
Im soo tired and I just woke up!
have u ever notice John Francis Daley on BONES resemebles John Francis Daly on What's My Line - even tho they spell names differently
And I moved to DC why? MT Highs in mid 70's today, 80's tomorrow. 90's Easter Sunday in #Tucson? Looks possible...
RT I miss me some Q haha..wat up homie?? <miss you more boo! all homo!!!
thanks!! On Warped?
RT : "we support by doing what we do best... Helping organizations solve their most complex issues" Evan Hochberg
Huntsman: Young people most likely to identify as unaffiliated
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened. - Lao Tzu
Is it bad that I never want to be responsible for cooking Thanksgiving dinner?
Man I'm Bored
AWESOME. I was poking around a bit on the DB site and getting a bit perplexed by the options.
How romantic! You and Betsy sitting in front of the computer watching #hawkcam instead of going to the beach!
Guess I have some extra fluid on me, cause my fluid pill is working this morning.
great trip, hopkins rolled stoney brook, md next weekend...
Should have walked. #RTW protestors slowing down Super Bowl buses.
I like Fab as well, but what I like about Everlane is its all their own products, and not 100 different products a day.
I do too. I think it's cute.
#WHSummit at great discussion on healthy food financing. Let's Move! - Farm Bill - SNAP - community development.
Retweet if u follow back
MT Mexico’s Tequila regulatory body says US surpassed MX as main Tequila consumer in the world in 2011, measured by volume
...frankly, i think bloopers and outtakes and commentary will be the best part!
i may or may not be home :/ but youre more than welcome to if you want.
#Dodgers take the lead 2-1 over the #brewers in the top of the 5th.
motherhood is a primal experience, isn't it? More love than u could have ever imagined. Congratulations! Expecting, myself!
I think there's a recruit who is deciding between WI and ISU. If Uthoff goes to ISU, the recruit might too.
Screening Zombie Rocker @ The Saturday Nightmares Expo NJ today!
I can't help if I'm cold and distant, my ancestors came from cold and distant places.
Jesus, NO!
- I must have thought you offered former big league catcher Brian Harper
Don't fall for the violent people in the Seattle May Day protests. They are supposed to cause chaos. Only fight with love people!
I've layered sweaters that don't match. It's okay. I'm a writer, I'm allowed to be eccentric.
You have to read the rest... BTW, just out of curiosity, how long did it take you to read it? ;o)
I hate being sick..
Did a fantastic tasting at this past weekend. The wines showed very well. A couple of bottles found their way home to SF.
Thanks for the follow Proxy! If you need money for growing your business, feel free to post on our site.
Fresh wasabi is so much sweeter and flavorful - great PUNCH in flavor
M3+You+God = the perfect us
not me, have not worked for Romney campaign.
CBS News now saying Santorum will win Alabama
I FUCKING HATE GETTING LOST
Hancock has a way of making these things interesting, a bit like a good novel. Particularly Sign and Fingerprints.
lol you're speaking nonsense
Drinking with the pops out by the pool while the ladies go make-up shopping.
Say what you mean, do what you say! I'm starting Latisse prescription for my eyelashes tonight.....stay updated cause I tell it like it is!
Just landed in Charilette..
#TheRiver reminds me of the Blair Witch Project, but with more water.
You're welcome! Have a great weekend.
Hey - The Dollys tonight at Crooked Pint Ale House, 9pm, $5 cover. Come out!!
lmao. Ok. All right now..
who told you this....use code words
yo what station yall be on now
There is homemade chocolate and pear cake in the kitchen this morning... probably won't last long though, the vultures are approaching...
DECONSTRUCTION OF A DIVA opens April 6 and runs through April 27 at the 10th Avenue Theater.
u gotta read between the lines
Doesn't sound fair. What's wrong w/ that picture:).
I swear to god it wasn't me. I'd tell you if I did, and I don't even get on ur acc anyways
Barbara Guest interview with coming soon in (via )
waking up still high> lololol
“ I didn't say it was gonna be easy, I said it's gonna be worth it.”
I did half a pull-up today. I would say it was a productive afternoon.
If you look up the word exhausted in the dictionary, you'll see a picture of me.
All my Love goes to those who lost someone in 9/11 it was hard for me to get over it cant even imagine for those who lost love ones.
He played me a song by Ed Sheeran it was so cute :3
Yes! RT : Ready to start using Zotero with Chrome and Safari? Percolations are imminent for standalone Zotero alpha. Very imminent.
thanks so much for the follow! If I can help with some new furniture of any kind or a new mattress I'm your guy!
": At Amc 30 With About To Watch #SafeHouse.. I Hope Its As Good As Everybody Been Talking Bout!"
I'm starving!
OMG Justin Bieber followed me because i followed Today!! WOW!!!
great article on CNN. Will check out your blog.
Don't forget to make your way over to MyTennesseeChristmas.com to see how to enter to win $500 shopping spree.
Thanks to all the people who came to the first KC vBeers Special thanks to Bob Jewell for picking up the tab for the beers and food
Free Bar + Work Tomorrow =
Haha...where are the tops? (:
plz follow its my birthday and it would b the greatest present ever other than ur voice lol;) plz follow
I'm booked at Laugh Factory April 2nd for Mockery Monday! 8pm. Direct message me for my VIP guest list! It's gonna be sick!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Kobe vs. Lebron for the trophy. Its going to happen, and at that time, its put up or shut up time.
why can't I find this cutie that's in my class on fb! >:l I only know their last name. #stalkerstatus lol
People get the meaning of your words, not on what you say but on how you say it.
My cat is fat ;D
just bought us a cohort Mega Millions ticket. Investment of future winnings: capital gains tax rate loophole, here we come!
Little sister driving...Mom:"watch out for the fire hydrant." Ariella:"I'm miles away." Darren:"it's in the grass where you usually end up"
Playwright Shakespeare was only 18 years old when he married Ann Hathaway, who was 26 years old at the time
RT : Lessons from the Titanic #1: Next time, consider whether you need to cross the Atlantic or if you could just Skype.
ugh. guys. we should hang out. we would so be friends.
Saved by the bell, now boy meets world... Good Morning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Le me- "School needs to be later in the day." Teacher- "So you have more time for homework?" "Sure..."
Did she drown in the pool??
Please God read my Tweet: Help Japan. Help Japan.
I need to seriously stop sleeping during the day.
"Ya'll need to understand, that when girls reach for their purse... That's a fake reach. She don't mean that."
I don't think you realize... No one cares
RT : All 60s garage rock songs basically have the same guitar solo.| Really? Only in that they borrowed from Chuck Berry.
Love seeing brands use experiential to drive ambassadorship. It has to be a commitment.
Up early. Glad to be feeling and doing great :-)
SWEET TAP LINE!! been waitin to hear ya throw some melody down :)
Do you like U.S. history?
Hard to blame JW bc still HC.Y current HC's shoudn't be in studios RT Jay Wright said it was great coaching by Anthony Grant
Hey Erica! I think it's just pineapple cake with a topping of pineapple mixed with cool whip. It's good! Hope you're well!
cool thanks
your momma its like a toilet...white and full of shit ...
Thinking about more important things than bombs: computers. John Von Neumann.
Time To get bizzy......
Watching United 93 such a sad movie <U+E401>
The moment when you realize that the person your talking to wasn't even talking to you.
The awkward moment when a girl from your school is assisting the dentist drilling your tooth.
nah, they did that over Xmas this year
i got alot more in store, talent doesnt fade it only gets strong if you sharpen your sword everyday.
did you just get back today?
Tom Bergeron needs to tell Florence Henderson to go home
If anyone has any insider information on the Northern Illinois position I'd be excited to hear - of the 50+ apps NIU is my first choice
You're cute ;)
"materialism is distinguished by its lack of imaginative power" probably the single idea i agree with
weirdest dream ever
Hello Suze I watch you on QVC often, the Women Empowering Women sounds to be very interesting. Do a great job!
I'm having a twitter party tonight instead (;
well played, but everyone knows what he's there for, energy and good d. If you watched the games you could see the imporvement on O
RT : They're making Twilight: the Musical. Now we finally understand why the Mayans booked us for 2012.
I have a new favorite show! #PrisonBreak is amazing! Can't stop watching it!
The awkward moment is when I put a wrong article in a sentence..then I'm in a hurry, needa remove it cuz I don't want anyone to read it!
'/play secret' is my favorite command in Campfire
Unless I could find a girl who will go with me to every were
The team completed the dream. -a2b interactive
I'll help pull for Leeds and Hull to get up there, but the Hammers are gonna win this thing.
Whatever the story is you're telling...be consistent. Remember what you said.
A little over 12 hours until Media Day. Can't wait to rub my scent all over home plate seats.
if Tim ever tells you to tweet that he's dead do NOT do it. He's plotting stuff now. So mean.
Always knew he had it in him.
what's up girl were on our way to sc
Can't it be time to go to Copenhagen yet? Also, after an almost solid 12 hours on this project, I'm not sure I can face it again just yet.
Trying to learn how to spell Nieuwenhuis and Jeurys without looking. Will probably need that knowledge someday.
Haha. We should hang out sometime. We miss you so much!
What if I'm that gullible hipster? You know my weakness for brooches & pins.
I would like to attend a ball. Does #milwaukee ever have such an event?
Can he get Eric Snow as a throw in?
I'm speechless. They actually calls the Celtics for one of those moving picks???
Put These Bitches On Lock Out !
whoa thats still far though! :( I thought you meant you were moving to like tennessee!
omg and now there are tons of sirens going on. seriously. where do I live? Detroit? lol
offtop brah let the #LGND know we gotta line up a visual asap.
Just seen this Mexican w; the DC flag sign tattoo. -____- you don't see nobody w; a Puerto Rico tattoo on them.
Thank you so much for shouting me out in the Ustream <U+2665>
All I want for Christmas is my two warm feet, my two warm feet my two warm feet (and a sealed house so the wind doesn't even whistle!)
I would absolutely use a coffee-scented shower gel - please bring back Eggnog Latte and Cafe au Lait!
#sschat=the best pd and what teachers are really about
miss ya too <3
Blair Levin just mentioned a "psychology of abundance of bandwidth." What does that mean exactly? Something like Jevons paradox?
I replied you just couldn't see it.
RIGHT?! c:
My nephew bday party tomorrow gone pop tomorrow
That's true. They did it without Gay last year too. Could they do it with him now is the question
why anyone would sell a superbowl ring is beyond me
tour de tech terrace. Drunkards all over
Happy mothers day to all the teen moms out there! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>
still getting used to new drupal.org, where is the druplicon!?
everyone who went to RIT should remem- *CLICK*
Next time it should be "Bond, James Bond".
"Surrender to the Phlow"
My personal and work email has started to get out of hand. Around 300 unread between the two, and I see no end in sight.
LOVE computer technicians! Just gave mine both my old and new laptops to combine to make a great laptop with all the info I need!
The Chronic
Thanks for making my nite complete:)
Ready to relax
#ThatDoesNOTMakeYouCool snapbacks, double socks, and chuck taylors. You ain't cool, you just a clone of everybody else
RT Petrino's girlfriend was offered a 1st class ticket out of Arkansas. She declined, stating "I only ride coach!"
Go red sox!
yo you gotta make it a mp3 first, the audacity file wont work
SOME CALL IT LIQUID SUNSHINE
Can't stand him. Wish Harden would retaliate tonight. But he won't, because he's not on Artest's disgusting level.
I love how ghetto twitter is.. with the exception of glitter logos it's myspace all over again. Check out the trending topics.
15 minutes 'til kickoff vs The Fighting Illini! See you at and for Badger gameday specials!
chloroform is not medication wtf
I just sent u the pics!!(: <U+2764>
feel like that last RT is attempting to shame prostitutes just a bit. maybe it's unfair that Tiger has that $ but those women worked for it
“Life's most persistent and urgent question is, 'What are you doing for others?'” - Martin Luther King Jr.
Thanks! for a gr8 #4SQDAY Party! Next year will be even better!
totally lol have u seen them in concert!?
Happy Birthday Nick!!! :-) can i get a Happy Birthday?! <3
Hit carpenter in the neck....already been a hit batsmen benches woulda been warned...
damn first time trying to get a good grade on a final to pass...
So with the rainey addition the steelers now have a rapist, a woman beater, and an aggravated stalker on their roster.
when you figure out that is following you >>>>>>>>>>
its not to hard wit a lil practice
If we could increase the number of Protestant missionaries in the field from 7000 to 50,000, we could evangelize the globe in ten years.
My biggest issues w/ Wayne, SB400 (more importantly taking responsibility) & not supporting Megans Law (before it was Megans Law)
why do people say "grow a set of balls"?Balls are Weak And Sensitive,If u Really Wanna Get Tough!,Grow a Vagina!,those can take a Pounding!
Anybody think would make a good spokesperson for the anti testing and driving campaign.
“: hey buddy hows vegas?? Long time no see”great ill be home for Xmas
#FF -that’s flip-floppin’ Friday!
Wondering what next week will bring me. Will Aidan's school situation be resolved? Will EJ find out that Sidney is his baby? Hmm. We'll see.
if I was dumb enough to use gmail. But to log EVERYTHING on the phone and not tell anyone? Where you go? Who you call? Txts?
Which image(s) and what sort of school?
oh don't think that. I enjoyed it - just timing was bad. I would def do it again but not running to do it.
do you like , too? Jk. The e*trade commercials are cute.
i Wanna Talk To u I Miss Ur Koolaid Head Self(: Lol
Kelsey Barlow can't be denied.. Top ten his destination.
TODAY! REDDSTONE'S PATIO IS GETTING BLESSED @ 4:30 MADISON CRAWL PERFORMANCE TO FOLLOW. I WILL BE THERE!
follow me! You know you love data!
“: I didn't fall, I attacked the floor.”
Watching American Idol, drinking wine, & eating kettle corn!
Jesus Culture on pandora ...
Thank you. I have your Prismacolor DVD, and will try to attend a workshop whenever possible.
One of the best feelings in the world is when you first wake up and you lay in bed for ten minutes stretching.
Oh Wow! That's a job! Is someone helping you? You can't possibly do that in one day. Those aren't closets, their stores!
these #oscars are horrible bro....horrible.
Dickie V shout out to KSR!!!
Bring it, son. You can't get past my bonus-padded buffer zone. You just can't.
Heading over to to taste their new spring menu
Ikea chocolate is good. I always posture on the chocolate
Still upset after #badgers loss. Trying to get over the end of
Suge all day.... Rozay's heart pumps po boys, he's not cut out for that kind of physical challenge
what the matter babygirl???...Your other other dad got your back always. Just 1 phone call away. <---Trust That!
Saw a Lot of ice looking teenagers out tonight for Prom. Made it a point to compliment and talk to
Research question? What price point would you hire a car service to drive you to Mitchell Field vs driving yourself and parking?
I SAY GO FOR IT!!!
Labor Day Brunch if being served Monday from 9AM-3PM.
Reality check: NCUC co-founder reminds #ICANN Whois Reveiw Team that whois data is about surveillance of users and not consumer protection.
I'll come now - where u at
we are about to send you the info in a direct message. Congrats, Jay!
no way!
Hi Damon grant applications usually begin in the fall. Keep an eye on the website and/or email us directly for more info.
thanks. i sent you another release with more detail about local search yesterday.
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
try this burger too
Want someone to become a risktaker? Support them 100%, for as long as they need. Then trust them 100%.
I want Think Like A Man on dvd
- haven't really dived into this one yet. Soon!
omg...waching abdc and it is the bieber episode.....so awesome...GO ICONIC BOYS.....I LOVE YOU JUSTIN BIEBER
why all the roid talk now all of sudden just cause josh is making it look to easy an pujols blows?
Thx for the RT - looking fwd to your tweets!
this shit to funny!
5pm, hurry up and get here, please...
Anybody I know playing Folklife? A colleague is looking for writeup recs.
Wow! He was a great man and I'm happy I was able to feature him in my book.
"that woman knows what to do" observations with
there is more to it if u have not heard by now-will just say personal situation. News is only saying it's an "isolated" incident.
#iq2atheism Come on! Twitter's not deleting or censoring, trending topics don't stay there forever. Logic? Reason? Really?
It's National No Socks Day! Summer is on it's way kick off your shoes & let your feet enjoy some freedom.
We are always happy to help. Service above self!
i wanna buick ..so i can b ridin like shaq
Thanks so much for mentioning The Bandee!! #GoTeamNice!
the good spot party is getting ready for new years...very exciting. also the good spot LA in november and the good spot miami december.)))
Happy Valentines Day!!!!!(:
I've accepted what is out of my control.
any good artists your promoting?
Stomach Cramp ! grrhh !
I'm just talking about Shaft.
Since when do Republicans care about the middle class!!! Obama does!!!
Boost your customer Services and entice your guests with Infinity Menu
#MahoneToLA that's so exciting #ForeverAMahomie (;
Gardens in Pensacola Country Club area and Marcus Pointe to be featured in ... - Pensacola News Journal
well damn. You switchin jobs like you do #'s. Lol.
Eddie just hit himself with my locker in the face ... good job !.
Another Naughty Dog game not named Jak and Daxter? Cmon man.
Hi I'm hungover
WTF they could've tackled him ! -.-
Nice! So if I was back in the UK I'd have tuned in and heard my famous artist pal talking about his latest project!
Agree! He wasnt that funny! : Kimmel is talking too fast; started off great but kind of eh after that
#sschat any good strategies for introducing students to pbl? Specifically, teaching them to work well in groups? Thx!
Ol Police Ass Nigga I Know U Workin =)
having fun! :D & yum!
It would be fun to call in to work and say "I've got a case of Lena Taylor," only to hear, "Yeah, that's been going around."
I also love just about anything by Dan Dos Santos. especially the series and Alien series covers
Am I right or did I just give you another idea?
Justin Bieber please follow me on twitter and please like this page.
#TeamFollowBack follow me I follow back!
any day i can run 3.5 miles, pick up my dry cleaning, and do the dishes before 9am is a guaranteed win.
at hochunk you'd get a few 1/2 games and small limit games...potty spreads 3/5 and some larger PLO games if you can get to mke
I don't mind anonymity, but should we be held accountable to every single comment, whether they know what they're talking...
's little brother Blake is so cute. i can't even. He's just a cutie.!!
thank you so much love
finally after years of waiting I'm getting my A logo and believe tatt today
Dear Monday, You float like a butterfly and sting like a bee. You might need anger management or meditation. Hope Tuesday's less sassy. ME
Has already made her happy hours plans for Friday. Who's got a fun plan for my Saturday???
Show your ray ray ray
hey farva, what's that place you like with all the shit on the walls??
I want to watch the avengers movie so bad :/
Watching minor details
dope, we'll see what you 'bout.. You should specify which local talent you're promoting, perhaps ?
Congrats to AP's Apuzzo/Goldman/Hawley/Sullivan for investigative Pulitzer on NYPD's secret intel department.
Who did the Celtics get for Big Baby....oh yeah Garbage ass
Starting a dating site for people who just want someone to take a walk with after a big meal.
that new max p3 look to fie
Declare victory over your day!! "God has already equipped you for what He has called you to do."
Gotta ask, whos doing your shirt printing? We've gone through about a dozen companies to find a GREAT one!
Happy Mother's Day !!
CJ Watson's end game coach is Marion Barber.
Watching Brad Paisley play on Invitation Only. Does he ever play a non-paisley guitar?
A cop asked me today, calmly .... "hey, do u have a gun on you?" If I did or didn't I wouldn't admit to it unless compelled to
que rico!
Giants, Cain agree to 5-year extension
come visit me girl ;D
If you are familiar with Iraqi company sources, please help a librarian out on helpalibrarian.com (see, Iraqi Companies)
Pbout 2 play b-ball with my sister. I'm gonna run her into the ground! :)
Why do I need to do that again :\
I'm on a panel headed by the project mgr for the Grateful Dead Archives!
T-minus 2 days until I get significantly less wise. Expect drugged out tweets in the meantime.
have fun at #OnDeck today. Will miss you at
BTW, when do you leave for the Bahamas? Should I wait until you get back to send anything?
I got #23 and #02. That's a start :)
lol I don't even have that app on this phone. Hold up
Might kill somebody and YouTube it, whoever think they better than me they too stupid !
Work Work Workk
Kids will be at grandma's this weekend. I don't know whether to jump with glee or cry because I'll miss them so much.
Is she really goin out with him? #np hahah classic
u are amazing inside and out!!! U inspire me!! <3 teamPhiPhi always!!!
Woot! won the basic membership from ! Ping for details!
Grownup Read: 'Double Dexter' & Children's Lit Read: 'With A Name Like Love'
#rockthevote #feelingcivic RT :3.5 hours until the polls close! Make sure to cast your vote and make your voice heard!
Happening now: Attending Dr. Gannon's lecture Follow live feed
I wonder if Alex & the crew are popular at school tho.
How dumb are some people??????
.RT tom_peters Instant responses to anything, grand or trivial, are by definition thought deprived.
If I could offer one piece of advice to business owners it would be to have some integrity. Follow through with your promises.
I need a twitter group.Somebody tweet me a group and lets be friends lol lol
i friggin miss seeing that!
one of our clients swears by #hubspot so it must have some value
Great piece, Molly!
Anyone know how many amendments are left in the Ohio house?
BIG TIME SLEEPER IN 6'3 Quincy Thomas of San Pedro HS
I do not know why. Thibs must have been high or something 4Q. seems like Thibs has plenty of trust in JL3
Most awkward moment of my life
That sounds like a fabulously dark night. Enjoy!
Happy to keep you connected! Can't wait for Spain. Safe Travels.
I decided to ALWAYS provide my son's food and snacks for this very reason. At age 5, he is very well educated about food.
Sounds like me and the boston cream pie diughnuts at Dunkin Doughnuts. They are why I can't go within 5 feet of that place.
las Vegas
not nearly as much as I'd like. Lack of time! You?
Jumping onto the end of webinar on "Why Women Should Run for Office."
Oh my god! I can't believe someone filmed me at Sara's bachelorette party!!! Not cool.
Local fleamarket=biker grannies, pierced/tattooed 30somethings pushing garanimal clad babies & hoarders-a feast for eyes and conversation
Now that the iMac at work is setup, time to do something with it.
how u been
hey Peyton long time no talk wanna follow
lol lets please start taking bets on who it is..ready,set,go!
shea bevak is a teddy bear !
sorry to hear it!
Morning tweet faces:*..
I LOVE YOUR VIDEO, ALL DAYS
You'll be able to see the gallery whenever we have an event (it's right when you walk in). We do anything music + art related.
": Celebrating Wednesday!! " its Wednesday boys
goodnight world.
hey Alex! Where can I find a schedule of Indy area Hoosier-bound high schoolers in action over the next 2 weeks?
I feel like complete shit today, most likely thanks to the 0.01% of germs my hand sanitizer couldn't kill
Just 2 of~70 things! RT : Astragalus&cordyceps r known as 2 of the most important herbs in Chinese meds.Guess what contains both?
“: when are you guys coming back to new york?!” hopefully in June. Keep u posted!
So if I have the right numbers but they're in the wrong order do I still win?
I am disappointed that my #NewYorkKnicks' roller coaster season has come to an end, but I guess that it was to be expected.
Why don't operators just get a chair?
Stupid joggers
Thx for the feedback! Always looking for contributors, & I think highly of please connect w &
If you send more than one Facebook invitation to the same thing, I will come & shit right in the middle of whatever it is
Rt if u ever knocked over all ur smoke, over on that high shit. I sure the fuck just did. Smfh
Burgers, Fries, Tarts and Juice! Come in and have a great meal today!
All sorts of cheating on today. :) SE/A this morning, now it's NLM Drug Info with
#WhenIWasGrowingUp transformers and thunder cats were on tv. I guess some things never change
Do you think Brittany Spears is ready to take control of her life? She does. She wants dads conservetorship dropped. Your thoughts??........
thanks for the mention - glad to be connected!
cant wait til tomorrow
Head to where they have 25 Cent Keystone Taps and 1.50 PBRs tonight! 807 S 5th St
Leaking roofs are going to give me nightmares. In the library of all places. Ugh.
#ShoutOutToo she has in her bio so that means she's dope cause I like kid ink too. Everyone follow her!^_^
No, but then again, I don't have Barack Obama in my phone book. Now you're just showing off.
adorable photo. shes a cutie-pie. love the lighting
blood money
Schooling my girls...ain't gonna have no basic bum bit*he's for nieces...not on my watch...So I keep it funky and hide nothing !
4A area one-game playoff, mid 2nd: Port Lavaca Calhoun 0, Flour Bluff 0; Two-out single for Sandcrabs, but that's it.
Great job to both sides! Alumni came out on top, but if #MURFC can keep up the numbers and intensity all season it should be a great one!
<U+200E>"Aim for the head!" ~ NICOLE MILANO
I'm THE fake one, and I don't get no shoes or nothin for it. I can tell who the best one is by lookin at number of followers.
What a long ass day ... Night
Heaven's IT department just got a lot better. RIP Steve...
Free promotion? Get more for yourself at the site on my profile. You will thank me :) do you follow 4 follow?
you mean the London riots or the Kelly Thomas beating? btw did you watch AC360 today?
We're having our volunteers paint the Family Success Center King Village! Volunteerism is great! Partner with us today!
Missing Thu + Fri and driving 7 hours to see tomorrow...
Leaving soon for Sam Patch. So should you
Today we are thankful for #UTSA FOOTBALL!
Is that your new toy?!?!
Spring break the water was too cold to stay in for long lol
Lol alright thanks man
k bye twubby ! *blows a kiss*
Ok Im Finna Text Yu Now
Kobe's not playing says Mike Brown. Dang... Wanted to see him fill it up tonight. Amazing Durant already has three scoring titles.
Cup filled of that pink. Watchin sucker free.. On that kush time.. yeaah yeaah I love it!! :)
Positive side of coming home, I get to see my family. Negative side, I gain 40 lbs.
I like the shake-up of Bumgarner ahead of Burriss. MadBum is a legit threat at the plate. Burriss has shown ZERO power.
Thinking of using Touch 2 for #app development. Does anyone tips they can share?
Graves campaign on Romney endorsement: "While Rep. Bachmann is in Portsmouth, VA today, Jim Graves will be in Buffalo, MN and Ramsey, MN."
Indeed Our #Yanks will prevail this evening..
hey twitter friend
Please reconsider appearing on The Adam Carolla Show. He is one step away from going full on Dennis Miller.
Did you see this? Burger_Lounge - Yup, just today from 3-9pm! RT Is the free burger thing today only?
Watching the #spazmatics at tonight. I Love the 80's!
Explore, Create & Thrive with Story Healing - creativity/writing/healing workshops for those touched by cancer coming soon to !
thanks so much Mike!
Man I love Mary poppins :) takes me back to the good ole days!
I loved how to rock!!! And your were the cutest! :)
Our Apple A Day Giveaway Continues Tonight at 7 & 7:30! Watch & you might win the new iPad, a Macbook Air, or an iPod Touch! 5 Nites Left!
Because in the end you always have to say goodbye.
Cafe Flamenco at the Verdi Club "Solo Caminos" san francisco With Felix de Lola al cante, Jason McGuire "El Rubio," Yaelisa, Fanny Ara a...
LOL Thank you for noticing! Yes! It's a busy time! :): Wow, you've been busy!
Collins Not Buying Tiger's Reasoning - ESPN
Contemplating which is more tolerable: Sitting through a Coldplay performance or getting kicked on the nuts.
that sounds like it could be rough at times....
Major UX design session today with at noisebridge
Quite sad I got removed from AASM because I said Alexa was immature about leaving :(
T.G.I.F, have a great weekend, the fun starts tonight when i touch down at LAX, lot to do in hollywood this wekend, sign contracts lets rock
I hate bad breath with a passion.
I pay good money to go to go ballgames so I can watch baseball.
Its been a long day; Going to sleep in my favorite black tee! Ah, Goodnight tweeps (: FCSJR
“: We've got way too many pointless idioms but at the end of the day it is what it is & it's all good.”| I like me an idiom.
Almost just got electrocuted. At least I'd gain super powers....? -TS
Ladies, a man that can make you smile, think, & most importantly, consider new possibilities is one you want to keep.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet We ARE going to make this happen someday eventually. YEAH BUDDY ^__^
Thanks - honored and pleased to know you did!
#YouKnowYoureInLoveIf you get butterflies every time you're around them. <3
Contemplating where to run
Good morning! “We’ve got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true.” - Denis Waitley
i just discovered why morning showers are so amazing.
did you see how fast he moved on that peralta hit?
Davey s kansas city cher uk rocking old cocks.
Was asked today what is in a mince pie. Luckily enough Wikipedia helped.
#McFarland to #Beauprez @ #LPR2011 - europeans are petrified of an influx of north african refugees creating "eurabia".
Soundtrack to my life while on crutches, includes "you know it's hard out here for a gimp"
Ew I hate when girls take pictures with their saggy 5 feet long cleavage. Get a pushup bra and cover up! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085>
says where interest and engagement cross in data, you'll pinpoint passion
We're ready to rock in Cordova tonight, just as soon as the Grizz win! Mulligan's Cordova - come out and party with us
RT : I grabbed the wrong deodorant and now my armpits smell like candy. How's your Friday? // I love candy! How is this bad?
It was. Totally made me want to learn to be a cheese snob! ;)
Flying solo
Culture now sees walking a beat as punishment. Sad. Cars ruined everything. I'll tell you about a beat program in NY.
Congrats Patriots. Giants, here we go!
He hung up on me =/
ah lol .. i guess ! You gonna buy me it?
YOU ARE NOT ALOUD TO LEAVE
Diet coke from McDonalds has to be one of my favorite things for real. After gymnastics I am to thirsty!
Big Campaign to lift off tomorrow......stay tuned. Lots of press on Highland Solutions, and coming your way.
I want you. I want you here with me right now. I want to talk to you. I want to be with you. I want to hug you. I just want you. <U+2665>
not sure ! After it played the guy said he will have to play it again lol
hey there, fyi your in-studio mic is on and we can hear you under songs...
well here i am :)
I wanna be an onion, so everytime you hurt me, you're the one that cries.
May 26 2012 is the May Day run Preregistration is ongoing at
You know when you love someone? You let them have the last fry.
Working-out with glasses on is a pain in the arse!
I am craving chocolate.
Another work day at least today was pay day
Any opinions on using BookDaily?
#asist09 ?? I think you go to more conferences than anybody else I know!
AP Human Geo test today. Have no idea how I'm going to stay up for that test.
My stomach hurts so bad:/
You know it's going to be a great story when its starts off with, "So this b*tch!..."
Off #Peytonwatch duty for the day. takes over the night shift
The weather is making this spring break look great
I want all people to know every law that exists in their nation, state or city, so as to be truly informed when new laws come to be
RT : Props to Susan Siavoshi, professor and chair of political science, for receiving a distinguished University service.
My pilot this morning: "Today is a great day to aviate."
#Labrador #Retreivers are so #smart they have been known to self train, observing behaviors in humans and repeating them.
Remember you are a creation of the infinite source of all creation, perfect as you are.
LMBO yeah pls let the stylus put the finishing touches on the do.
Years ago, at my aunt's baby shower, one of her friends pronounced "onesie" as "oh-NY-uh-sis". -_-
Hey to the world, anyone up for chatting? Because I'm bore out of my mind stuck at home with 5 younger siblings!
I'm doing great thanks for asking
Ready to kick off the season with two big concerts.
Social media would add an exciting layer to Jeffco's employee wellness efforts though.
sdklfjaklsdfkjeio you're like 20 minutes away from me :O If only I was going to Disney today :P
Remember that scene in the little mermaid where Ariel finally got legs but then was thrown off a horse and became a vegetable?
so sweet!
How about today: anyone up for a late lunch on the south side?
m so fine plus love the music!!!
you're trying out for The Voice? good luck, man! - <3 the whole DAB family! :)
Pilates classes do not have to be expensive! $45 single private pilates classes or $400 for 10 sessions! No contracts! Pay as you go!
yes I have to register and become a member awesome web site.
Clause and the relationship between the two.
Target. Xmas Eve. Let's do this thing.
So excited about #RNC2012 We're glad you're here doing walk thru
Y WOULD YOU GIVE THOSE UP! If you like those you need to go to the asian store and see all the other jizz in my pants food
O dat girl
lol we will see. You gon have to me to jail
Ok, thats a bummer, but thanks for the quick respose
when you have a second, follow me and I will DM you contact info.
he asks how are you? lol
define the 'art of cataloguing' in 5 words. Cause I'm working on my first project.
it's questionable
shut up lol. I only tweet when I'm extra bored it excited abouts something :-)
Christianity: Manipulation at it's finest.
I don't know anything about it. Just heard a lot of ppl raving about it
nice! What's your baby's name?
lmao when he said 2 bell peppers I instantly died...sorry to flood ur TL wit my camel toe antics lol
The classic way: my parents. Must be a lost tradition now... RT : How did you first learn how to cook?
On live with the amazing writer Etgar Keret - www.radiokolamerica.com
That video behind Pitbull looks like a WWE wrestler entrance video
but to be clear, long term, sustainable engagement requires meaningful rewards (which is subjective)
(IMHO, Greece should have left eurozone last Summer).
Tell anthony to shut the fuck up. Also. Go dl the screwed and chopped remix of the whole album Nd listen not sober. So tight.
Every Monday through Friday 4pm - 7pm
Personally, Me and my Mom think Dawn should break up with Stiles and go back to Ty or date ignacio.
They say performing music is way artists are supposed to make their career in the future!
The women in my family are absolutely hilarious, family gatherings are the best <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Until this moment I never realized that Fred Savage and Ben Savage are brothers.
thanks 4 the follow
My first mixtape coming out soon MARCH 29th the big day for me...... called....IT'S ME.....its crazy......hope you guys get it.....peace...
If you want to bring real representation to Irving join us today at 5p for our weekly phone bank. Our campaign office is at 2912 MacArthur.
One more final tonight then back to Columbus!
I'm more irrational than the girl on steroids
We're bringing a bit of uptown to downtown #Memphis. Try faves like salmon roulade, lobster tempura, corn/blueberry salad&vintage cocktails!
#Friends is the best show on Earth.
I know, it sucks. I haven't seen you all in forever :P
what no Blazin wings this time? I hope the order went off without a hitch! The band is playing Jan 14th. Stop by!
Getting pumped for the Corey Smith concert in #Cincinnati tonight!
My wife is a very obsessive cleaner who hates her job. I came up with the perfect Christmas gift for her. I shopping for a laundromat!
Watching YouTube videos of Jean Baudrillard.. Has anyone read Seduction?
All I'm gonna do is just go on and do what I feel. - Jimi Hendrix
Do you mind me asking you why you're against it?
I love EXPLOSION sounds... So I put them in every piece of production I create.
never used and it's pretty much me doing it so it's intimidating
Hi! I wrote the Form blog - I'll let you know if we find any changes in support. On an ave. list, form support is 30%
It's been way too long
Yoo swear need plans for tommrow anybody up for ritas
They have a lithp. RT It's only 5:25 a.m. and 2 people already tweeted May the 4th be w/you. Gonna be a long freakin' day.
"If we only have the will to walk, then God is pleased with our stumbles." - C. S. Lewis
Back to sleep already...headache
Reviewing final(?) TBR/UT license with Wiley.
Hey, 90s Internet bubble: Now you're just some money that I used to know.
The things that confuse me most.when some says the want youThen turns there backs on you and Gets mad at you when your with a guy .. What ?
Powerful article, my friend. And very, very true.
Thanks for the RT, Doug.
Eat like any radish... it's sweeter. Or put in salad. Yummy!
None of the customers in this Avis are speaking English. Its kind of weird.
aw man! Next time I will check with you!
Beauty day in nola dukes on natchez dinner cruise tonigjt then fremcen st @ mojitos jam
I am supposed to be doing homework but I'm on twitter......It can wait!!
Problem with Tannehill pick: Dolphins don't take him, you know Sherman didn't like him. They take him and you don't know if it was Ross call
Amazing again. Baby back ribs. Whiskey ice cream. Bacon brownies. Yum!
it thunder so loud here in Austin, tx Yesturday !! I was scared ! :c
Got my twitter back
GINA. buy me a new sketchbook cause you love me.
Love your post -- thank you!
anyone who follows chloegmoretz follow me who are fans of her alot ok
Ya'll did the taping from 2002-2007. But it wasn't exposed and you weren't SANCTIONED until 2008. What else you got?!?
So lucky! I hope they win tonight bc I can't believe they lost that last game!
RT : YES! RT : Irony is not sexy. I can tell if you grew a joke-beard. I WILL tell your parents who still support you!
Q: How can you tell that there's a #vocalist at your front door? A: She forgot the #key and doesn't know when to come in.
PULL THE LEVER, KRONK! *emperors new grove*
I try to comment PUSH Zack Ryder WOO WOO WOO PUSH Zack Ryder WOO WOO WOO and does not get approved
that shit to to long!
Big big thanks to for the honor of being fan of the week this week! Hubs and I are over the moon for our trip!
And I'll go with you! Stop by Atlanta to get me!
President Kessler talking about substance abuse being addressed this #wvleg session
Wine mimosas and Sun King bloody mary's Locals Underground tent until 4pm today. Full beer and wine bar also available.
Haley shouldve left a long time ago. Her voice HURTS RT J-Lo's face when Haley was announced as being safe over Jacob said it all
Q1: yes, but not surprised
so is he now tied with Travis Ishikawa?
smh im killing my nephew in Call Of Duty!
what blow
Shut up guy!
It's all happening.... 16 days till
LPM is doing GREAT Things with Scottsdale BGC!
seriously the sweetest thing I have ever seen :)
Thank you for the mention! :-)
thursday! almost spring break >>>
My hand is messed up because of byron. never playing scorpion again.
Bob, do the Pacers have a chance VS the Heat? Are they the forgotten team in the playoffs or will Miami roll?
“: then lets go with smaller portions sizes=less calories and enjoy!! #latism”
have some mens health.... where do i send them?
Energy and imagination are the springboards to wealth creation. ~ Brian Tracy
Life could be worse! Have fun in Italy and leave work behind you.
at least 10 packages of ramen noodles
Room is just to loud n na I got a headache
There's a Groupon today for discounted #TripperBus tickets to NYC... expect me to harass you about a visit! :)
"Even when the news got bad and they said I couldnt go home, I just kept praying -- IT IS FINISHED..Today, I have another chance to live..."
you're right about BoSox spending above slot but Pedroia, Papelbon, and Buchholz were slot signs; Ellsbury slightly above
i'm surprised Betty isn't more selective about her career choices. It's so bad. I weep.
Orlando Florida.....babe!!!
He has that right! "I was a veteran, before I was a teenager." - Michael Jackson
what is twitter jail?! ;)
The registrations keep rolling in! Sign up today for Social Media 101 or any other great DWC workshop! Only 46 days until session I!
Mammals running speed determines eye size
big market
I'd rather you didn't--I've very anti-spoiler, and I consider the delights of her prose as "spoilable" as the plots.
Never cross time zones the day after a time change lol. All screwed up!
NEW SONGZ UP CHECK UM OUT!!!
3 varieties of blueberry, 2 varieties of strawberry, 2 varieties of raspberry, and 4 batches of thornless blackberries. All for the boys...
Just got notification that the university is giving me a scholarship for summer! Woo hoo!
This one goes out to the families in indiana that lost their loved ones in the storms today.
Well you can't have both!! And can I not pull any seniority? #fansince2010 :P
At bay view, this would have definitely been a palagis type of day.
Good luck to my big sister I have my fingers crossed for you <33 :))
Finishing up in the studio this week! Laying down vocals on the new tracks today.
Best way to relax is to sit quietly for 5 minutes. Trust me, it works.
RT : The thing always happens that you really believe in; and the belief in a thing makes it happen. F.L. Wright
S/O to my new followers
On my way to to play my mothers day show. Happy mommys day!
Beth Moore tickets on the wheel- NOW @ Chik-Fil-A on Paseo!!
Very excited to be attending #TEDxNashville this Saturday.
My pleasure. Hope to see you on Broadway!
Don't think I didn't think about it. Lake Forest or Grayslake locations only about an hour away.
Thank you for following up b/c Twitter did not give me that blue dot to tell me I had msgs, so now I have them. THANK YOU-HELPFUL
Unresolved conflict creates emotional distance, emotional distance creates strangers.
Man.... At what point do you sit Hosmer?
ChocoLee Chocolates is back. Re-opening thursday March 18th at 23 Dartmouth Street in Boston's South End. Come one, come all!
Your CEO Tom Galante is a wonderful spokesman for the library. It's such a crime what is happening to libraries today.
I miss you :/
if my coffee pot doesn't brew any faster, i'm gonna burn this bitch down
Early morning basketball with co-workers... heck ya!
Tip the world over on it side and everything loose will land in Los Angeles. – Frank Lloyd Wright
- ah, met him once when I played there a while back. Best private course in Boston. Ultra exclusive, big money.
Thanks! We're glad to have you!
i got to vote for today! yay! :)
PRT : Talk turns 2 mentorship, Wells: all her mentors have been men -: dont focus on gender #sxsw #lunatechs /
I can't wait till tyler starts trying to play games.
Goin nowhere fast we've reached the climax..
as soon as i get my new phone i will
Sittn here workin on Peter Phountaine's new video "Az We Blaze"...this will be one for the lovers of.......smoke lol
"You just made all white women look bad."
Is it just me or are public comments fun...
oh of course, I'd feel the same way if the roles were reversed. No worries. That's the way the game is
i have entered all that i had up to last tues. if you have sent it since then, i have not entered it yet
#SituationOfDay The player with the larger chip stack when they bust gets paid. The other gets diddly.
awkward wave of jealousy over someone that will never be "yours".
glad you made it to the twitter world bro!
I've never even see yours!!!
Im already in love with half the guys on the
hey chris, i was in ghana last semester studying abroad, and I saw backpacks ppl bought...
I don't know who your RBs are, but I'd say AP, CJ, and AFoster are must starts this week.
Love hanging with my cuzo Jakey! Watching this reds game and they're sucking
Oh my! That looks like a toy, complete with plastic food. Can't imagine how the eggs actually "toast."
bet ... Can I use it
I've never been so excited about a Giants punter!!! You're going to do awesome next 5 years with Big Blue!!
I hate watching games when I already know the result, but that doesn't apply to the Clips comeback I just watched after turning if off l ngt
So u call yourself an MC..and u rap about getting wasted?? Stop...Lost interest
Dylan's candy bar in NYC
Everyone get excited, we're releasing a new issue this week! And it'll be your most useful one yet: Best of Milwaukee Bars
I guess that's what I was trying to say... non-conformists who roll up their sleeves, rebels who execute, etc.
how do u expect me to write a FIFTEEN PAGE REPORT. gtfo
I wish my roomie and her friends would shut up so I can sleep
I love you guys' cone-ing videos! You guys are hilarious and I hope to meet you again(:
your plans to adopt a kid have been LEAKED !! ha ha !!!!
Why Do Black People Have To Be #Smart ? <<<<
People like you are the reason people like me need
Oh hey, i see youu.
it's not even that biz is slow, it's just eerie. No one around, no traffic, no line at Cue the tumbleweed.
What are the odds of making fun of someone you dont know & them adding you on Facebook? Just my luck lol
@ Very Attractive
Thanks Nick! Yep-- that's very true. It's the darkest song on the record. But I like it. It's got a wide emotional range to it.
ina drake mod
OMGPOP CEO Tries To Rectify His Reckless Twitter Comment The CEO of OMGPOP was pissed off at former employee Shay Pierce for deciding not
#shitiheardumbfuckssay he's not black he's lightskin. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
"Share eat-in kitchen and adult-sized bathroom with mature, open-minded, male entertainment professional you would rarely see."<- I'll pass
We think Market is pretty amazing too!
outscored the #Heat 58-37 in the second half. Man, was absolutely erupting in that 4thQ tonight. Pleasure to witness.
Sometimes you just have to say no...
Michele-with-one-l-Bachman's Few Day of Swissness is just weird. Doesn't it violate a pledge? America wasn't good enough for her?
How was the publishing process? did you DIY or find a publisher? thanks!
That was a crazy person. Me! It finally happened, I became that lady who yells out the window at people!
H20 Pool Party with the brand new SKD has begun! Come down to and hang by the pool with the dancers!
is in town; the world is a better place for it!
Wed trivia: What holds the record at 6,050 pounds? Answer at noon.
Ad design for a local transit line done. On to more inside news design.
I really enjoyed that film.
Hey there, thanks so much for following!
Make sure you look for their Video Producer tell him I've been telling you his secrets!
Spring Forward Festival was a blast! Rocking and ROLLing down the hill at Brompton with
Looks like Tiger might be slippling again...
started reading SERAPHINA and it's good so far.
This bitch has the ugliest laugh
What does it mean when the IRS accepts ur return but when u go to where's my refund a week later, they give u a # to call w/an ext??? YIKES
she was just shaking her head & I swear her hair didn't move!
My human lighting my fur on fire.
Nic Faas pulls into the infield
Love it!
Juror #4 is a blockhead
I speak for everyone when I say this: Being a Mahomie is not being apart of a fanbase, its being part of a FAMILY.
dont miss tonight's party at TRU !! ask for Chris&Dave guest list. Feat: Daniele Tavella n Rockwell
asks, how do you feel about the Health Care Reform that may be coming?
And the best title award goes to Slump? What Slump?
Bad days suck
Thanks for helping me get the word out!
Coming up at 225pm, I will chat with of ... #SummerSlam #JohnCena #CMpunk ...
- I know!! I was kidding. Also wanting to lead you to believe I might get you something for Xmas.
Lmfao Making Me Mad & Ion Feel Good Tel Him 2 Leave Me Alone &&' GoodNight Because I Ain't Talking To Him.
hahaha yeah! I'll just turn in two book reports ha.
sounds fun!
Doing my 100day challenge is very challenging but im doing it and everyday I get more done than the day before.
Damn that sucks
people is hella thirsty for
lets stop this dick hole!
In Rochester, she would be called the "Garbage Plate Hooker" to reflect her appearance. In NJ, simply called "Snooki @ 35"
Back at you Big... ,Juice
Its official is gunna have the honor of having me stay in her house(;
getting obsessed of LMFAO! :D <3
That should jus about cover it.....
Have fun tonight! RT Tonight I play at acoustic moose cafe at 8pm! Lincoln ave in Bellevue. See ya there.
I'm sure we would have a challenge in winning hearts & minds *being diplomatic*
thanks, frank. good catching up the other night!
yes! Love this!
Tune in tomorrow morning to as the #sfpcAWEAR fashion show is featured! See & more!
Daytona 500 is on at the same time as the NBA All-Star game. Welcome to the most segregated day in television history.
Lester: Last week, EVMS lost Dr. Don Lewis. … He was much more than our Chair of Pediatrics. He was a beloved teacher and mentor.
Gotta step my Twitter game up son
Hello to my new followers!!!
I don't have permanent enemies, just permanent interests.
#3WordsAfterArnisPizza:Cheesy BBQ Chicken. My favorite!
If 4 out of 5 people SUFFER from diarrhea… does that mean that one enjoys it?
No. I've no wish to see his account frozen. If he gets belligerent again, I'll block him.
so julian will never follow me but anyways go
Hi Jayson, you can support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season by using the pungle.me app!
watching Revenge!!!!
why is everyone talking about Amber Cole for?
Have a great, safe holiday weekend everyone!!
Gilbert chute!
Did Jesus have to trim his nose hair?
RT : I try to take one day at a time, but sometimes several days attack me at once. #quote Jennifer Unlimited
Today’s is our Emory manager, Brendan’s, last day! Stop by to say goodbye & wish him good luck in his Radiation Therapy studies.
haha me and Rondo are #besties - we will win the rest of the games for this round ... I can feel it
no worries! We ended up rescheduling the event. Can we keep you on the list of interested speakers?
What a great play by Corey "The Condor" Hart! Wow
Day 2 of Wine & Dine Wisconsin, and we have a few tickets to give away! Let us know if you want them, we'll raffle off a winner at 10:15!
- Um, are e-mail servers down or something? I haven't been able to get into my Windstream account since last night.
The reunions really need to become series
I totally get u :/
Angry breakups make for the best work outs - ran 6 miles and did weights! any1 wanna date me and break up right be4 my next trip to the gym?
Just realized I can listen to 94.1 The Edge online... Way better than Pandora.
Now with 27% less random figures!
she's needs to watch whose jeans she's spillin on
that's quite the dream :p
Oh ok is it like American Idol just animation wise?
ok, thanks for the interest, what would you like to know?
So ... any blender accidents after using our drink recipes for your party? lol
Our shop between 3 and 5pm was a who's who of the ABAA and ABA.
If you're still in San Diego Friday I'd love to buy you lunch. I owe you for the fun times I've gotten from the podcast. :)
speak to me with respect bitch! Lol ;)
Ace hood starvation is raw af!
Thanks for the heads-up!
"Only as high as I reach can I grow, only as far as I seek can I go, only as deep as I look can I see, only as much as I dream can I be.”
Ugh I hate ignorant, stupid, dumb ass people.
If you tell me you are going to do something, do it! It's simple.
Happy Monday everyone! #BeckettBowl tonight! We're so excited for it!
Nice- y'all in summer training yet?
#Awkward. Business dinner meeting and client picks up the check. Leaves only a 10% tip on their credit card receipt. What's your next move?
We are always the same age inside. Gertrude Stein
When Your mother has "ammo" on her Christmas list.
do you sponsor motorsports, if so where could I send my proposal
I'm such a buzzzyy bee!
The preview still doesn't give it away, and besides Cody already gave away the entire prank before the preview came out lol
That was me. It was a great show and I'm loving the new
I don't really like the #GameOfThrones books, but damn it, I'm watching the TV show. BUT ONLY BECAUSE OF PETER DINKLAGE.
Search out people that have listed hobbies and interests, which are related to your business.
Madaris and Cox... nice work Dantonio. Nice work on them all.
Watch out everybody!! creeps on your facebook! ;)
This morning we handed out 237 toiletry items to our #homeless community members!
Robin: collaborative development funding doesn't happen enough.
Not yet, probably going tomorrow. Try on in store, buy online. :)
RT : Like it? Heck, -- we'd love it if we could!
Out of school fuck yeah lol<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Alice in wonderland tonight then bonfire at my house with some of the cast.
now following
Nicks mine! COME AT ME
Please come back to LA once you're done with the Jesus thing.
Instead of going to the casino opening, I am going to bootcamp!
I hate little kid drama
I saw six men kicking and punching the mother-in-law. My neighbour said 'Are you going to help?' I said 'No, six should be enough.'
Hey.. Flower day is this weekend. It's #GrownInMI over in - it's Detroit in full bloom!
Dance may not be your strong suit, but, my friend, you rocked the choreography for Paradise By The Dashboard Light. Bra. Vo.
Not sure if there's enough detail to resolve. If I can help, please email me. terrance at terrance cohen dot com no punctuation.
Hello, Colorado Springs. Nice to see ya.
Because when we understand the physics of our natural world, we can use that knowledge to provide a better tomorrow...for all
aw yeah! Now I'm excited! <U+263A>
you can support the cmc just by coming and drinking beer too! :)
It's an app, right? (OK, just asking that makes me feel OldOldOld. I do know what apps are ;) )
Cool review! Thanks for sending this to me. Did you write it?
yes, #android as well as #apple uses #Carrier IQ, but apparently #windows phones aren't infected with the rootkit.
shorty want a shot of me so she got to the sippin
Things are great! Rainy...and hot, haha! Tomorrow is the 1st day of Fall (I am sure you will feel it!). Phone date soon?
right outside the restroom when I came out. In front of a mom pushing a stroller. Horrible.
Aside: my paper has your guy Dexter in it now, too. Surprising results.
See, I look at that and think, "only three years? that's not so bad!"
no way! just have a guilt conscience :)
Great news! RT : Congratulations to for returning to the #Bills. Great guy for our team & the WNY community
check your DM for a coupon for a free slice of Mac n Cheese pizza.
no way Cotto would win by decision. Doesn't matter how good he could have been.
Lee's sword and uniform again on the move to Appomattox, objects to be included in new Civil War Museum near battle field, part of
One more follower and we'll be at 1,700.... Be the one..
I is gonna be up in da Delta dis weekend! Who gonna hang wit me?!
"In My Veins" by Andrew Belle. Words cannot describe.
My 1 a.m. #Martin session
#YoucuteandAllBut you're not a 10 and you slept with a bunch of dudes from your hometown
is that sarcasm or genuine excitement?
Ladies, men will treat u the way that u display urself. If u display urself like that 99cent bag of chips he's going to treat u like that.
Good to see you on here #drag. #Listening to Opposite of H2O
"If your plan A doesn’t work, don’t sweat it. The alphabet has 25 more letters." Happy Monday everyone!
One of the few days a year a #Cardinals fan can justify cheering for the #Brewers Go Crew!
C'mon Pope, you are killing us!!
I feel bad for .. He has an APPROVED twitter and there's still fakes of him :/
Run, run with her top down; baby she flies. Run run with the fury of a saint in her eyes.
Building a new team, with great people and solid partners.
(Or rather, evidence that the Academy *IS* morally indifferent.)
It's a groovy day. :)
Deer Web site design * Pony Internet website marketing : Home ...
Commercials with talking babies creep me out.
Both hands!! totally surrendered.
Mfs so irritating today
so you picked 'oh haii wafflez' as a backup? wakcjob
I know Dan and - hit me up when you get to Minneapolis!
talk to you of course
Thank you soo much =D
An incompetent attorney can delay a trial for months or years. A competent attorney can delay one even longer.
ikr on my way out da door y u up so early
Pulling for Mark Valeski and Rousing Sermon in
No, this was at work! He was cute.
Might you like to join us May 5/6 for our annual Spring Plant Sale? 400-500 ppl. Pls dm if interested!
no need for him to do that...
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
It's no point in arguing with dumbasses who THINK they know about basketball.
ONE HOUR form LIVE "SINGLE CHEF" show in the room live. Log on at www.theroomlive.com Yum yum Delicious Salmon, in w/ wine, lemon, cream.
Why are the cashiers so fuckin' chatty at World Market?!
im following
What a day, aleady
Grrr... doesn't mention that the tip you are leaving online doesn't go to the driver. now i have to leave TWO tips!!
I'm reading "The Monk And The Riddle" by Randy Komisar
IMO "Bella" and "Jacob" as the top Girl and Boy names are much better indicators of our doomedness
Thought: Would you accept an inbound friend request from Mark Zuckerberg on any social networking site? Why?
I think we may be somewhere in Hyde Park
Plus FREE AUDIT for Monday and Wednesday On-camera audition and scene study class with founder Anthony Grasso this week!
If these 9000 people live downtown that would solve and change everything. Instead bigger the downtown become worst it will get.
Enchiladas Verdes, Roasted Winter Vegetable Salad, and Mulligatawny Soup!
Nobody else matters girl
Now that the Caps have won, it's into the writing cave I go. . . .
Academic Moms get to celebrate Mother's Day, too. Give yourself a nice day today. Happy Mother's Day!
he wrote it down
Stay tuned for julissacarmona.com website and see a photo of director Julissa Carmona with Guillermo Del Toro.
First I missed selena gomez and now im going to miss cody simpson... This just isnt my week..
i LOVE public transportation.
Does Internet Explorer fail to display your JPEG and you're going crazy? Check: is it in CMKY color space?!!
Acting class went well last night at GJC Talent.
Find happiness in chaos.
And I'm proud to be an American, where at least I know I'm free. And I won't forget the men who died, who gave that right to me. ~Lee...
The #dollarcostaveraging strategy helps you buy more shares of #stocks and #mutualfunds when prices fall, and fewer shares as prices rise
Arrived to mildly flooded JJQ offices. Some paper issues lost, but looks like we'll survive. Believe this is JJQ's third flooding.
Surgery went well
Johnsburg library to hold appraisal - Northwest Herald
if you say so, lol
The brave new world I'm looking at has fewer toothpicks, sure, but the airfood we inhale is just out of this world.
RT I kind of hope Obama shocks everyone by declaring marriage to be a bourgeois institution and calling for its total abolition.
Did the Sharks get the memo?! There are THREE periods in a hockey game!
If there was a zombie outbreak we would be too distracted by Obamacare & Trayvon shooting to notice. Im sure other news is going on? No?
Or, you could use 's plugin and save yourself the torture. Have the drink anyway, 'cause encoding is better w/Scotch
We are SO excited and can't wait to see pictures! RTThe are here!
can we?
but the Bieber
"your mellow! You little.....mellow, yellow fellow'."
RT Starting in 1 min. here , 25 ppl will be sworn in as naturalized American citizens. A truly moving ceremony.
Roaches good unit
okay. ill tell you what he says.
Two new business development managers starting this week! Things are looking good for 2010!
as a huge admirer of your work, I cant wait to see , congratulations sir. Looks great.
it was actually 210 people in the vid hahaa ^.^
Looks like Carl & Rus' little internet venture is down this morning.
look for me. I was glad to be there that night and to see and hear too!!
Good morning everyone <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Never underestimate what a little expression of gratitude or kind words can do for a person. Might change their world. Opposite is also true
I can!! That was so awesome!!!
Hi! Could you please follow me back for a bit so I can DM you? Thanks!
Fatass obese scum think they are something in this world. How cute.
I should probably force myself to study tonight, but I'm exhausted...so I'm going to exercise & zone out in front of the tv instead.
congratulations -- can't wait to see great things with you at the helm!
I got mines :-)
whaaaa??? I am always around
If you discover that your partner is talking negatively outside home, realize something is very wrong. Usually at home.
I need you like water
Yes locally. By my coworker actually. He bought a letterpress a few months ago.
CMON #Panthers!! Really?? All the help we need at DT and CB u pick a LB?
Oh no! Not yet! I'm not ready for them! ;-)
Congrats Lady on your 5th straight Final Four.
They're "utterly" frustrated about cows in Crozet. More on how the bovines are bombarding the community. Details on 19News Nightcast at 11.
I try not to be a food snob, or impose certain eating on folks, but geez louise...enough is enough.
Irony: Taking your Prilosec with Red Bull. Yes, it's dumb and YES...I just did.
21 Jump Street here i come
MTV MOBB THRU NWC & TAPE DA SHOP & R DUDE BRELAND, PEEP MTV"s MADE & FEEL DA HEAT WE POUR N OUT, WE KEEP AZ SEXXY
got chu sorry I haven't been online in a while
I want a caramel sundae from Mickey D's..
Come On !
I'm in my house. :D
Lamar Odom dated a girl with harry nipples. Eww
Got in the mail today. Gonna watch it tomorrow but not sure I'll be able to get a review done before TFW.
I know ! I just be kidding
Hittin up the dirty 6th. If you live in Austin, might as well enjoy it!
yeah but ur things are more important than ur brother! Haha :P and don't worry about it!! As long as you asked or cared! :)
I guess that Israel will destroy Iranian warships.
": can i get an interview next week?" Contact GM of
#SometimesIJustWant to belt a power ballad with all my freekin might... until I'm crying and shaking and totally gone. So gratifying.
you should've given Sean Rouse credit when you stole his joke. & the title of a cd is the name of your show?
“: Don't hate masturbate”
is feeling excruciatingly human.
Shooting new photos for the next audio zine!! Are you writing new work? #submit #new #work to the next issue! www.instereopress.com.
#IKnewItWasOverWhen ... well, I'm thinking it is.
Ppl rocks wit me cuz im simple and im me..i dont front bout what i aint got. I just do me. I kick it, dance in the clubs and its simple.
#ItsAmazingHow someone can lie about you when everybody knows that person is lying.
NEED MORE FOLLOWERS FOLLOW ME
wonderful! Just getting ready to lay it down. Long day at the old office today! :-)
lick ;p
I'm sleepy but I can't sleep... Wtf?!
#Chulavista council agrees there's no need to reactivate the city's Economic Development Commission.
so how was ur days
I guess that makes us even since you made mine. Great post! You should be tweeting the heck out of it.
you did some good ballin with that bat!
"she isn't that pretty" haha c:
not me. And i know he definitely is...
Stop looking at what you don't have and start being thankful for what you do have. #I Need Money
That's a great one! Thanks for sharing!
lmfao! Tends to happen to me also smh. Hope it's a fast trip home >_>
the #brewers should go on the stand-up circuit. I'd laugh.
loved your review of Derby bar!
#LOVE ! Indian food is my fave!
Casting people: Please don't ask us to "note something" when you've disabled the notes section.
Cocktail receptions, social gatherings, corporate events, weddings, private dinners, etc ~
There will be moments where you know you're right about something, but still have to go through the bank's hoop anyway.
I definitely booed Heath Bell. He's not on our team anymore. I'm not going to cheer for the man who is trying to make us lose the game.
APD has their batmobile at the Lighter Than Air Fair today! Plus: US Navy, NM Forestry fire truck and ABQ Fire dept. are here!
re: LA weather, the reason why cost of living is so high, I presume? Lol
Waking up ready to get today over
Go on google and type in askew and if the screen tilts...Reetweet !
Thank you, i didn't see it till now, jeez. Ok ok he's hot. happy?
Mhmm what is it called!!!! :O Or is it just dyed?..
A invite in a pull requests. Hadn't seen that one before…
absolutely. they're both great FPSs. Visuals on R2 are better, more and newer enemies, etc, etc
Anybody can accomplish anything with determination
lol fair enough I'll figure another proposal idea ;) and I wot play or keep them on our home ok
The smell of your skin lingers on me now.
Join #engchat right now if you need grammar lesson ideas
i'm sorry.
#WhenImBored I keep reloading my timeline
RT : In B'ham right now, there is a debate going on about whether democracy is a good thing. Elected representatives are saying no.
#YourSexIsWEAK If she don't need her hair done again...
*snaps neck* SHE RATCHET
Co-sign. RT that Sendak obit is probably my favorite I've ever read from them. so great.
RT: "There are no rules in filmmaking. Only sins. And the cardinal sin is dullness." Frank Capra via
The 4-year-old really enjoys playmates. At this stage the toddler will begin to play cooperatively with others.
thanks for following me!
So i cant wait till i start my pastel drawing in 2D art
RT“ Ain't nothing wrong with being single. It just means you're waiting for the right one.”
Music business can make a very big tycoon like P
Really seriously digging britney's new video Criminal.. I keep singing it over and over again :)
Happy Birthday Ellen!! Do you have a special birthday dance?
Your tax money is going to be used to pay for public schools even if you don't have kids? Yup
After Broussard spelled 'Memphis' as 'Mempis', I completely disregard any of his sports analysis.
haha I got your back Kyla!
how about that win
LOVE it!! Wait till you catch up to season 2 of
Nice Warm & Breezy Orlando Day!
I've nearly got the perfect liquid line down!
Shock to the NFL: Rip JRS...
Parents have no idea what it's like to be a teenager in our generation.
Let me see u wobble :) excited to see the video today!! Thank u
That would be the hitters fault for not adjusting to it then wouldn't it?
RT 5 Thought Provoking #TED Videos About Social Media
Bend it over, touch your toes
Congrats to KJ--WVU's Kevin Jones for winning the Big East regular season scoring and rebounding titles--a real double double!
Just had a great audition... Quick celebration and back to work!! ;-)
Idaho: Boise State is still exploring its options for a 13th football game in 2012, but the Broncos are unlikely to play Arkansas in...
why do ygaf I don't
Strongly agree!
kameron loe on inactive list for grandfathers funeral.
"I ain't got time for a mofuckn penis, getting dirty money pockets just like in our dreams bitch."
Yeah, you may talk to me, make me laugh, and say the sweetest things. But how many others girls do you do that to?
Be jealous cause I'm watching football w/ Dallas!C: go Dallas Cowboys right?!{;<3
#ndpl bound. Looking forward to the next two days.
"My episode of My Strange Addiction airs in late June, and my episode of Hoarders airs in early August."
thank you lovies!!!
Squished animals always make me sad :(
yeah I gt it
Hey, please tweet at me to remind me of next time! Want!
KUDOS to Obama's nom Jim Leach as NEH chairman! Art needs transdisciplinary direction & this administration understands art world lacks this
Free tacos .. $3 coronas .. $4 margaritas w/ D Ryan 8pm
Yep, my Twitter & FB feeds confirm that I'm likely the one person on the planet who hasn't seen #HungerGames yet.
got your mail - chat Monday!
Hear Atlanta's Marshall Chiles test his sketch-comedy chops on Baltimore's funniest #podcast, the
Oh my goodness nicotine gum.
Craving the hot butter cake from Mastros right about now...
Would love to have you on our show sometime, let's chat more
srsly, i gotta go now! brb (:
Obama stretches out SOTU into an online revival meeting.
I can't stand a liar
This. <3. ": There are football, basketball, & hockey games almost every night for the next two weeks. Thank you, Sports Gods."
Been seein' "Pulp" up alot in Denver
I feel like a bad monster, kinda.
Although I think I laughed more over the idea of the one guy measuring testicular volume for all participants
whats going on tonight?
Have u ever heard a grown man scream?...by far the worst sound in the world
#itsawkwardwhen you don't see you twitter posting on #106andPark :(
So Tia not returning to the game next season
I definitely changed my tag name.
you can take the fan out of Philly...
heads up play by Santana! #goTribe!
- great job on yours, too! wonderful imagery.
Run up there and pull a on them. “Yo guys, ...Imma let you finish, but girls kick butt with #edtech too”
I will be there! Cant wait to mtg u!
If I make it through today without murdering someone it's going to be a miracle.
you are a strange one riley mcdonough...
Hi, MaryAnn. Hope you had a good day.
I'm so inspired by your story and how you're working to end domestic violence - wanted to ask you some Q's if I could...
Hahaha ahh nice! That's awesome. Well let me know if you find anything good. I'll be hunting too!
check your phone bro.
First audition of the year--2010 off to a great start!
I'm always late
Ha! It's an offer worth going back for! :) Nice to meet you too.
great metaphor. MT : I've found curators are often kind of first-responder scholars.
WHITNEY HOUSTON TRIBUTE??? WE HOPE SO.......
Im sexy and i know it. Dont hate, I need the self-esteem.
I am so sorry! I didn't mean to kill you! At least... you'll feel better now :)
MATHE: mental abuse to human
Why Not Slut
FOLLOW ME PLEASE
. incorporates healthy lifestyle habits into its treatment program to help women sustain long-term, healthy recoveries.
ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE x6 *head to the sky* I guess nothing will ever top that lol.
My sweatpants are super snug today.
The Dream Talks Cheating on Christina Milian, Writing Hit Songs, Working with Kim Kardashian and More with “The Breakfast Club” [VIDEO]
That's a hidden gem of a wine. The regular Grignolino is a terrific spaghetti wine, too.
So, bitter-tasting sunflower falafel was the first strike on the food front. Otherwise, great food throughout - well done,
those aren't nails they are freaking claws
I dont believe you to be honest.
Totally into it. We're not Santo and Johnny. We're Cento and Randy.
Strong start! Let's do this.
Wow! I'm still looking for hotel to sty during our trip to KL.Few days left & i still hvn't found any suitable hotel for us! recommand pls?
Thank you
That's Todd! See you soon!!
Q1) metaphors are like spoken pictures. And a picture says 1000 words.
Thinking positive
anyways goodnight dream well =]
cubs game with the prima later
attempt to control, but some attest differently..extending personal growth, all the while offering an opportunity for personal awareness
I chose as "the right answer". Other people can come to a different answer. I'm not trying to attack religion, just saying it made
gap sleep t-shirts can kiss my black ass.
Follow back
This is why I love abc family <333
I kno I'm trynna catch up..lol...I feel u tho
Never let yesterday use up too much of today.
Lombardi: we have to allow for the possibility that some kids will fail.
Too many people are thinking of security instead of opportunity. They seem to be more afraid of life than death
Down at 4th and Townsend streets there is currently a yellow train car labeled Wonderland: A New York Eden Musee, full of strange wonders.
thinks it's sad she has to put on her glasses to look across a restaurant while waiting for her dinner date.
what are you majoring in?
Don't forget statement lip for this holiday season!
This has been a tough week. Grateful my wkend starts now. Need mental space & time for my research/writing.
there was a brief moment in a workshop where they brought up pseudo-selectors. I had a quick flashback of you and Skittles ;)
I think all the lessons I learned from my father were taught by example rather than words.
It opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. -Milton Berle
I know but people love it here
Droid has cloud options too, like Google, among others.
so we're going to spot coffee tonight when I'm out of class tn? See ya there #youdontknowus ;)
He's full of holes and made out of cheese.
The story-workbook requires the reader to relate key issues and values-conflicts to her/his own life
YepRT : An #Aquarius has an imagination so wide and complicated, it is hard for them to explain what they feel and see exactly
Things I ponder.... why did jay-z change the flow he had in the 90's?? It was so much better!
Go Redbirds
thanks for the follow
RT : Hello! I'm Elaine and proud parent of a 10-year-old boy! Nice to create a chat!
I know I've wished the same thing for a year to meet him and if someday he could live in Miami and look what happened!!
you know it and it's GOOD :)
Nene successfully singlehandedly blows this game for the
San Diego has a corrupt Family Law System. 1000's of Children/mum/dads lives changed forever..nightmare too. Help us Dr. Phil.
Just blasted through first set.. almost caught up to 16 yr old evan.. lol #sad 270lb set
I'm definitely in!
Hell yes... Try and watch in order if you can though!!
Q3: Students write me letters...reflect on activities that they liked, those that they didn't, and those that taught them the most.
"Knocked Up"
Some things, you can only know when you know ... you know?
Yes, the rumor is true! Thanks Tina!
Combining #technology and social change.
I want to model for the #NOH8 CAMPAIGN!! :D
Standard Thursday nights! RT : yo! Party time. Hard.
Haha! Luckily, I did not get sea sick. But it was super fun!
Thank you Regan, you are truly one of my biggest hero's! I love you and the amazing work you do<3
go after or before! c:
TutorTrac seems pretty good. Why isn't everyone using it?
"The whole world needs to be DVRed!" - John Racette (just now, on Facebook)
worked Pint Night and now get to stay up all night studying....again. Get me to 11:30 tomorrow please.
Mailed novel to #agent by USPS after spending an hour to print. Postage was $8 and ink brought total up to $10. It's a form of gambling.
#EI2011 Disposition is more important than position. Emotional Intelligence for Successful Schools
Rise & Grind! Make it a great and healthy day.
Lunch is my favorite time of day!
Heck yeah we said 'woot'! Why, should we not have? Has it become internet passe?
MT : A4: Branding/connecting with ethnic identity ie Little Italy or Chinatown still seems very powerful promo
His nose is weird! I love Damon b/c he has that whole sexy bad boy thing but deep down he's a softie <3
BREAKING NEWS I won a music contest and won a 10 song music album deal!!!!!
Singing extra loud
Game face time is approaching. Tonight, we celebrate our new CD at Skully's, doors at 9.
do you have demographic data on hospital readmitance?
One day i hope will RT or reply...:) but until then i'll wait for
Hoosier Vets: 46 days until the Primaries. Is your voter registration current? Do you know your polling place?
Inspired by seeing Amie Miriello last night at House of Blues. Performing onstage with the audience energy - awesome!
I am pretty sure I flashed the neighbors trying to stoop without dirtying my knees ;)
It only took 2 and a half years.. haha
You had better be staying close young lady!
. teams should be named after regional monikers or barring that, the color of their socks.
I will run to the hiding place. (Aka my home in Colorado springs). Great weekend at Shoreline in Monterey, CA
Kiss me I'm drunk
I love making a good ol' hearty din din for the family! They don't have to say they love it, the clean plates tells it all!
Don't be jealous of My Boogie! RT you 2 need to get off twitter its to early
I would like to go on Sunday to see Brand New. *cross my fingers* This Good Robot will be playing sunday!
I thought you didn't like them?
Anyone notice the new tunes at CG Tysons during happyhour ?
I prefer 3 days a week, but if Americans in general could just start with 1 meatless day, boy what a start.
Supporting #BBN in the vitriolic atmosphere that is -- wait...they have a basketball team?
lmao, in in a speed diet
After a week of vaca in be-utiful Mexico it's back to business!
do not assume more downloads = more readers. Long form is a slow burn. I have Gutenberg the geek queued up.
I see zombies!!
I don't know what makes the bigger statement: that I did that or that I don't regret it.
My girl Mallyce is creating some amazing earrings! I WANT!!!!!!!
Shadow on my curtain....I keep thinking the cat is on my rocking chair!
I interviewed Tortorella once in Phoenix
Power out in the offices of CBS Radio/Tampa.. I am afraid of the dark so in the studio w/ and
#Protectionist - Japanese Auto corps R building factories in US & several cars have more "MADE IN US" parts than US Automakers. They Rock!
“: Austin City Council has voted to ban plastic bags starting next year. via ” Yay Austin!!!
: What are u doing up at 4 anyway?? Shouldn't u be sleep lol
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me. 143 :) 2
yoooo and i thought chicago weather was bi polar damn san antonio get yall shit togetha lol
Yeah, I know what you're thinking, bird hipsters: "How do you mix up a red finch and a grosbeak?" I don't know, okay? I don't know.
What's the point in having communication lines if they can't break down?
Sorry for bothering you.
hahaha so cute
what do I look like a madame?? Jk - I will see who I know that is acceptable.
at pre-game!..getting ready for tonight!
Let's try to meet up in the conference finals.
okay Fa Sho :)
Waiting on the world to change
I had FUN with the class yesterday. Thanks! I only had TWO cups of coffee, for the record!
I would Retweet but ur gay twitter is locked lol
Affirmation of the day by way of the one and only Ed Maupin:"I am complete."
Stock cabinets, which are the least expensive of new cabinet options, are premade and come in standard sizes.
My little sister called me beautiful <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I was bout to say you'd go to pride and the gay club with us!!!
No we r giving that credit to #Chico RT : I wonder if is taking credit for the hat trick tonight?
We have a really nice 24 ft. camper for sale. If anyone needs one let me know. It's in great shape. 4200.00
I love him!.what song? & mom's day was quiet.
"Once the game is over, the king and pawn go back in the same box" ~ Italian Proverb ;) x
I'm gr8 just did my nails
Only a life lived for others is a life worth while
“true education... will have the greatest tendency to civilize and humanize them in their relations to one another" - Plato
ya i wanted too...i just woke up hah
A vet RB would make A-Rod even better.Alex Green most likely cut by end of T camp or on Pup.
Hey there won't be many friends and family needing tickets for Nashville tonight, right? ;) Can you reserve section 2 for me?
not sure, but I will let you know :)
who are you exactly?
Wow, I'm really impressed. Do you have them framed on your office wall?
20-4 run in last 6 minutes. From the rebound dunk and 3 by Bost. Defense wins championships.
Music is as much a part of history as many other artistic masterpieces.
rescue me is SO intense and every other scene is sex
Please don't suck up to Sean Amore... That guy is already insufferable!
Ditto. About the sick part.
A friend is one who knows you and loves you just the same. Elbert Hubbard
Samsung. Ubuntu. May throw KDE on it eventually, but hanging w/ gnome for the time being.
You've got some epic designs!! : Making T-Shirt designs is way too much fun.
haha yeah I should've... Oh well :)
you know it was lol sorry new phone. Buttons can get tricky
As the Longhorns' season is just 13 days away, fans still have no idea who carries the #longhornnetwork. Tragic.
True story RT : I don't have a drinking problem I have a drinking passion.
Hope #LeeShoaff is okay and the people involved.
i can afford a zero or two in that class anyway.
they got me hooked passing out samples @ Target
All the Greats are passing like falling stars. Feels like a very long season is ending. I hope we can learn from it. RIP Donna Summer.
: Nothing more irritating to twitter comm'y than just pushing out 1-way info. Use interactively to engage readers.
um not wrong at all. If you are a #daddy you do it year round! No validation needed
Hey, everyone, author has broken down and joined us here in the Twitterverse. Give him a "Howdy!" and a follow, why don't ya?
I can't believe it has been 13 years! Time really does fly! Congrats! Happy 13th Anniversary Millennium!!
Ready for THE BIG BLUE to go 16-0 in SEC !! GO CATS !!!!!
#car2gosandiego is a pretty cool idea. .35-cents a minute. Wow!
follow me back? my sis is the one in the pic with you at prom last night!! (:
I'm going to bed. Goodnight.
Gym tv showing "Pride and Prejudice". Was 7 a.m. too early to cry?
Who else is gettin on the Guild Wars 2 train with me?
gettin paid every week is the shit
You know it's Friday when you haven't had a single incoming email message since 1:30 HST.
What cities is Uber in so far? NY?
- I definitely remember that "fashion" :) I counseled at his shows in the early 90s :) Good times, really!!
omg how?
How can I tell who's checking out my Facebook?? Is that even possible???
Havent been on here in forever..
So good to be at #health2stat with all the usual suspects.
just the way you are (":
Im not really into golf but did you see that a-hole shoot a double eagle at the masters this weekend?
How's it going out there?
Everyone trying to be a hardass stoner tomorrow, just remember: you won't get high your first time.
Im so confused righr now.. Lmao
Penguins 0-3 in playoffs when playing following a Pirates loss. 2-0 when following a Pirates win.
Awesome! Thanks for sharing!
Oh, THAT where. India. The description cites W. Ward's work so it's possible the artist never left the U.S./Europe.
At Applebee's and love like woe by came on. It's been awhile since I heard this song..
bay area rapper stuff? Thank god you listen to good shit dear friend.
Cornell University selects Videotel's HD2600 DVD for a new exhibit. Cornell's collections are are a vital part of learning and study.
RT : Gnome fans! The will be here at 9am tomorrow as part of his Green Tour of Vegas.
i miss you to, how's school?
Dang ... I cqan't retweet on my phone! But can we be bestfriends anyway? <3
what's good
kfoldvik: #sla2010 speakers - please remember to email with your presentations or links to the handouts, if we can post. ...
My husband wins at freezer tetris.
your minds in the gutter lol. you like the new song?
just wait till I have the chance to hi jack your twitter
Aw I'm actually kind of liking Dawson and Jen when they're older. <33
Search engines like unique content that is also quality content
Countdown to starting the MBA: 5 Days
But I know an ANNOYING ass feeling has to be getting sprayed with champagne by a drunk disrespectful nigga lol. I feel bad for those girls.
if you don't analyze yourself you'll spend so much time talking shit about everyone else... and you'll still be ..... nowhere
Does Lisa Lampanelli think that her actions on #CelebApprentice are helping her image?! She's a total loose cannon.
Happy Valentines Day to all my Twitter friends! Love the one you're with!
Been up since 7am...finally getting in the bed at 3am...g'nite folks
Jeff, Ian, and I (Jack) met while in college in Orlando last year. Alex is an old friend of Ian's and we met recently :)
Happy Resurrection Day!!!
yea i pretty much have no reason to NOT want to see him shirtless!
The super bowl village downtown was really cool! You should go :)
Yessir! and I are coming together :D
I'm at for the tour of Hide/Seek by Co-curator Jonathan Katz!
chillin with chaos..... were apparently good friends now. Hit me up and fill me in...
more freedom, I'll be able to make executive decisions
#np Real or Fake by Tyga
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Photography News , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
damn they put me back in i.s.s
Every time I drive by colfax, theres always some crazy shit going on there.
Thanks Dave! MT If you care about biking, sustainability, and all things pure and good, follow the new account!
riding a wind trainer on a beautiful day sucks!!!
"Earthquake"? Now if Bama fans used the contraction "you're" correctly, that'd be an earthquake.
i followed her
Chumble: We have a hard time with the numbers, sometimes we see $8, sometimes $13, sometimes $20. What does it really mean? Break it down.
MLIS Semester 3: Beginning Cataloging and Classification, Literacy and Learning and Organizational Management. Week two and still afloat...
Too many people spend too much time at jobs they hate so that they can buy things that they don't need.
Who's this from guy? Sounds cool and funny
Was that #RickSantorum accepting an Oscar for The #Decendents ?!
Jeff Goodman reporting Marquette asst Tony Benford hired at North Texas. Great hire!
I thought Evan Rachel Wood's character didn't behave in a believable way at all.
The Chesapeake Center will be transformed after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
Baja Wine Tasting today from 2 to 6pm. 7 wines and light snacks for $14. Hope to see you!
You can never get back what you choose to throw away.(DEP)
Justin, I love u, wontcha gimme ur hand? - a blast from the past
Since Husband man doesn't have Twitter I can freely shout this out...SUPRISE PRESENT IS BEING SHIPPED!!!! Hope it gets here by Saturday!
Would love to be part of setting the 5-yr plan for SMPSdc. Thanks for asking!
for who?
The Secret to a Happy Ending is ending.
Sometimes I want to <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> these nxggas
May 18 - mark your calendars.
The should just let and have a good 'ole fashioned street fight to see who the starting QB should be.
Iced coffee. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
He's barely breathing. RT Duncan Keith has not been the same since the sixth time he lost he teeth.
. make that same argument to me in November on the morning after the election. Or after the Super Bowl.
race me still
Off to put the little monkey to bed. BBL
Hi Sophie! This is Erika from Team ME answering your question. You don't need Facebook to post on the Welcome Video page.
Free social network promotion at the url on my profile. Works great. Would you like to follow 4 follow?
Yes, it does.
Just got done reading your book loved it. Your show is what got me in to the paranormal
Mastered new projects for both Grace Stiles and My Friend Franklin yesterday, along with various singles... today, more mastering on tap.
hahaha, they sell that at CVS, bc thats the farthest i can walk right now lol
Congrats guys!
If you meet Zayn and you give him your twitter username, he'll follow you!(:
My nigga's getting out!!
Cherries are the ultimate summer treat. Do you know where the annual National Cherry Festival takes place every year?
I Found some Rubbermaid DVD Storage Cases on Amazon Im gettin 2 more when i get some Chedda!
text me princess?
Where in Milwaukee can I find bedding that is made in the US? Tried & India, Pakistan, Egypt... don't we grow cotton here?
hope your right! As much as I love The Pack & hate the giants I'm a little nervous! Our D scares the shit outa me
Join @ nychunt.com to participate.
Would you mind doing my workout for me as well? Thanks bud.
it grows well around here if you can get it started.
hahaha :) You're the Best!
I am a great Inventor and you are a great Producer we should do something with greatnes.
Congrats! RT : 10 in a row! make playoffs for the 10th straight season!
Apologies for using the #MLA2012 tag instead of #masslib12. Seems as though there were many afloat!
I need to meet you during #ccbw!
Going to Thunder Alley tonight! So excited!
RIP Dick Clark
I totally know what you mean. I feel the same way about French!
I will be in philly, meet in the middle ?
Im an honest guy.. i only want fuck you...But if it turns into real feelings so be it
#HardRockRising Global voting starts today. Go to facebook and vote for Pgh's band #3DudesChillin - send them to London
"I'll never forget 7th grade, dancing with this girl, nobody knew her name we all just knew her as "hips" and I danced with her all night"
Know I'll sleep well tonight after a successful day of rigging & making paper!
do it. I hope they still have sunday matinees
Lance Ball, you do not fumble Tim Tebow's football.
Currently listening to: stalled traffic on the NJ Turnpike. Sux!
You want to act like an adult, well fine I'll treat you like an adult.
I swear Tony Allen never has a fresh cut. He love to be a lil bit ruff.
Not again..
and of you boys want to teach about DM? ;)
Great day for it! RT : Farmers Market - ice coffee on board!! Come join the fun
<U+2754><U+2754><U+2754> don't act like your life is bad or something.
Money would be nice, but you don't get anything at all - being greedy. That last tweet was my 1111 & I'm sticking to it !!!
Even if things end up a bit to heavy we'll all float on alright
then i guess were not friends? ok..
I know
Seriously txting my bf behind my back? ok bitch.
Woo!!! ALEX IS AMAZING is trending!! You all rule for making that happen!!!!
dominant V, lol
I don't really smell that great...
Unfollowed man. Not because I love football but mainly because you're acting ignorant
Love the pic and your profile layout! :)
It's a must try. Made me miss the hood's prime lunching coordinates!
Thank you for the follow Kara!
Lol, it's not for everyone. Side note, opion would be if u said it's skany. But u were judgmenttal because u called them skanky.
I know the list of people I'd like to see publicly executed is fairly extensive ;)
Whoa--so exciting! Glad to hear everything will be fine. My fashion disasters w/daughter happened in a similar scenario....
Per #facebook, about 16% of your fans see your content in their news feed on any given day.
Up thanking the lord for all my blessings to blessed to be stressed
expected to see more explicit pictures...lol
Inspiring for new songs, I assume?
first follower and first tweet! ;D
Everyone arrived safely, after a quick bite at In-n-Out, we made it to our awesome hotel. Now it's pool time for kids and sleep for my guts
The good life, as I conceive it, is a happy life
Does not feel like listening to stupid speeches today...
“: #MentionTo someone who'll be your best friend forever.” <3
should i go to bed????
Yup yup! :) S/O to new follower!...Welcome :)
Is anything going to fucking work for me tonight?
#FOLLOWMEAUSTIN it would make the best Christmas ever <3 I love you! & the only thing I asked for Christmas was 1 of ur shirts
The more I think about the coding style / writing rules analogy, the more I like it. Thanks!
i'm only there sunday, so i hope that's when.
was requested by someone in room
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 22
Would you say naked toes tend to flirt a lot? Yep! They always seem to get the right attention, from the grazers.
Getting ready to head south to Conference in Orlando - come visit us at Booth 1412!
First paycheck today!
So did I. RT : Rush, I lost an ovary to cysts. I'm on Pill to keep from losing other one. That ovary does NOT accept your apology.
It's Archie #627 - So I believe that is the end of December! So long to wait!! :-)
"It's August 1...what have I DONE this year?"
Prout ends it :45 into OT on a power-play goal! 3-0 and in 1st place in the West
Their delicate cheeks will turn to roting flesh, one day all women will become monsters.
#FF Builder shout out
#Twitter If you know what's good for you...remove #reasonstobeatyourgirlfriend IMMEDIATELY!!
ALL events at HPC are canceled tonight due to the storm. The High Point Christian School Band Program will be rescheduled.
On this day in 1965 MLK Jr. and thousands left Selma and marched to Montgomery protesting institutional black voter disenfranchisement.
Dear zach brown, please remove the beanie from the top of your head. Its 80 degrees in nashville and you look like a douchebag. That is all.
lots of nice cars in phx, maserati, cts, lexus but not as much character as my 91 deville!!!
Listening to students talk about cooking experiments gone awry.
so don't wait. Be missional today.
The game, True American, that they play on New Girl looks so funny.
hm, i suppose that is probably in the "touristy" category. cancel that.
My future husband will learn the final dance from Dirty Dancing for our 1st dance at our wedding. I feel like he's gonna be hard to find <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
we tried siva! #TheWantedInWisconsin is too hard to trend right now :)
Shit just got real
let the ink flow begin
Hey there! Teaching's almost done. Wow. How are you feeling about it?
Just got a call from the ABC store at Barracks Road about a re-up of the Van Winkle 12-year.
95% of websites are leaving money on the table. Are you leaving opportunities behind? Are there leaks in your web presence?
thanks love :) can you tell I was super bored lol. I hope ur working Thursday bc I wanna see ur face :)
Hah! Mhm. xD They all say you can be a cat? On there..and like, cut peoples bodies up..I DONT EVEN KNOW
We're 21+ Friday - Sunday after 8PM and we're all ages before that :)
oh, and congrats! (My Twitter handle used to be SheSellsFWTX)
HAHA LOVE IT!
HAHAHAHAHA OMG. so I found A LOT of peoples instagrams that I know. Funny shit.
Unless your name is GOOGLE...stop acting like you KNOW EVERYTHING...
Happy Birthday Lance!!! I wish you the best, and I hope you have an awesome B-day!!!
i hate how he stole my idea --__--
santa just took my toll money.
did she really? Wow. How did that go? U guys still friends I take it.
"Little Miss Understood," is a jam lil lady!
Will you be at SXSW this year?
hope you're having a good day everything okay well, H
Better get some with this homework ... im so easily distracted .... Time to get er done !
Had that 7 goal swag
If you didn't like him you shouldn't of put it in your mouth.
De la soul is from the soul ... Word
yes!! sweet! and im just gana watch i will prob kill myself if i even atempt to try to dance like chachi ha
That's right!
Who's ready for BlueMonster merch?
We've got EVERYTHING you need to crank up the Bar-B!!! New Lodge Cast Iron, New BBQ tools! Stop on by!
Didn't know JC had Twit act RT Close to 12k followers with Gods will can reach that today be with me Jesus if its your will
I wish i had a smoking buddy. O well... Ill be back after Im done.
Who wants to help me with Tennessee Mortgage Law Reform??
The big punch up at 16.5 seconds from end! Stopped the game!
can we call our house next year "The Ray-Barn" ?
... is my husband, I'm already following him don't worry ;)
oh cool haha i saw the hunger games last night it was pretty good
sophia is a good tool- and kids can make packets with it too- working on your canvas comment mystery
MIND your business
Wokshoped with Joy Todd who found Morgan Freeman and tonight with Kim Hardin who did the Fridays movies!
same ole same. Out here acting a fool lol
oh I see , well I'm going to bed lol night
Just a day. <3
Watching BLUE VELVET for the 1000th time. What a masterpiece!
don't say that I gotta get up at 3:30 am to get ready for work
#ThatAwkwardMoment when an awkward moment isn't awkward at all....
We prefer the Parisian shawls, the fabric being softer, and the patterns, bouquets, and wreaths of flowers much more graceful. (1850)
#nicolegolfchat what's been most improved part of ur game this season?
Sutton: If you are one boss that has one loser after another, take a look in the mirror.
nah. I dont like them for many a reason. They don't get my time of day to even think about them enough to do something like that.
#SometimesYouHaveTo do the hard thing because it's the right thing
#MustFollow she's
Never let the odds keep you from doing what you know in your heart you were meant to do.
Predict Newt wins GA, RS wins OK, MR takes AK, VT, MA, ID, ND, VA
Gotta have more thin just good looks gotta no how to cook
lol. I actually do that to slot of my followers. I just consider them Twitter Family!
Attending the monthly Dell UI Team meeting
The worst is over; you can have the best of me <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
that's cool. The warrior dash is aug 18. I will have to work hard. Isn't the tough mudder like 10 miles?
'Go where there is no path and leave a trail' Develop YOUR leadership skills with Motivos, Saturday 4/28, 8:15 AM-6. We'll head to WCU. RSVP
I got it in lykee 2 hours!!<U+2639>
Almost all caught up from #Pheasantfest. Thanks for guidance of GunMitt from pros, outfitters & Guides!
comes naturally
Ravens DC Chuck Pagano is the new coach of the Colts... Thoughts??
LMFAO. In the car yelling out the lyrics to Beautiful People by
My hair literally has wings right now, its like a maxi-pad.
hey, do you have my mobile first book from abookapart?
Rock and Roll is not for the reverent.
I really got a shade darker just walking home from school
I write them both ways. What does that say about me?
It is starting to look spooky in the Falls. Storm's on its way.
Hope not!
Fight for your right to PARTY!!!
I have slowed down a lot. I do write a little at my own blog, but it's just not as much fun doing it on your own.
Uploading a behind the scenes video right now for my new track, Attitude. Get excited tweeps.
Painting and got the headphones on jammin to the greatest hits of Lauryn Hill !!!!!
So I break the thing down do the bird...
THANKS SO MUCH
I promise we gave your book back, but we now have your clothing.. including your fave pair of shorts,
yes sir... I'm leaving tonight 7-8pm ish!! :( I hate the drives lol
Just got done doing sierra and kims hair
love you the way you deserve to be loved! If you want love just for the sake of it, you're playin a loosing game!
PLEASE FOLLOW MEE!!!! I've been a fan since the beginning! And my mom thinks she is ur #1 fan! Lol:)
why cant i be british? why am i stuck her in new york? #WHY ?!?!?!?!?! I WANT AN ACCENT!
Some Games demos, This screen seems to be gorgeous!!
O, right up 75, I see.
I can't get it today ill get it later!
It's almost time to trend for #Ringer at 6pm Bring Back Ringer
Check out WELLCOA, the Wellness Council of America, for information on how to start a program at your office.
living payin bills. How the kids
#indieview MT : Unpaid internships are a nice idea to get exp., yet most students come out drowning in debt, how can they live?
Not really a picture taking type of dude it's 1 thing to take a pic when i'm out or something but posing in the bath room mirror? negative
Oh...But I still wouldn't trust it.
And it's not over! Gr8 seeing you at the #Oregon #wine tasting. RT : Wow! You've had a busy week!
more than 100 employers to attend Job Fair tomorrow at Oakland Coliseum.
thanks! Hope you have a great week..
": If someone walks away from u, let them go, ur destiny is not to be tied to someone who left"
it's hit me a hundred times
RT : AND SPEAKING OF COALE, I WON'T MISS A KID MORE NEXT YEAR. THAT KID *IS* VIRGINIA TECH FOOTBALL.
Happy Valentine's Day! So guys, make girls feel just as special every other day of the year too...
The BIG IDEA announcement is this week! SD rally around SDCHC!
Taking the orange line to noho c:
Thanks for the mention (and sorry for the slow response!)
You make a compelling argument. If any of us were there personally, you go it. Twitpic that and we'll ship you a thank you.
Tomorrow on The Breakfast Show; Carolyn Manno from Comcast Sports, Globe Tech Reporter Hiawatha Bray, Tix to Spoon, Spring Training Song...
probably... They're going to be expanding soon & moving to the u of m area so if not now, soon! I'll talk to someone today!
Just updated player projections and news for CBS users and Ultimate Rankings package. Updates coming daily starting next week.
Emilio "Good Face" Bonifacio hitting second.
yes we should!!! :) going darker?
I think he was referring to Jake in Chasing Redbird. It was odd bec it was clear he had at least taken the time to read it
going to the phillies game.
Friday should work!!
How do I set a laser printer to stun?
I just sent out letters to attorneys about a new service for a new revenue stream would you be interested in it?
Recent studies correlating SPECIFIC human behaviors with genetic & neurochemical attributes = inspiring & SCARY
A beautiful-sounding #cccc12 panel on rhetoric and choral arts is at the same time as a music panel with Rice, Rice, Sirc, and Rickert. Sad.
Intense storms are like music to my ears! #lightening best #skyshow ever!
was thinking that earlier! A 1/999 is not a 1/1 ...listings should be pulled
no. my mom is getting sumfin for my grandma. & im trying to get my mom to get a pool
hot girls we have problms to. Were just like you. Except were hot. "Hot Problems"
Nashville rocks
Gordon Parks died on this date 2006 One of LIFE magazine's original photographers he was filmmaker & musician & I was with him on 90th B'day
#Youknowlifeisgreatwhen... you have turn #bowdlerize into a naughty sware word.
More pre-trial witness prep today!
I dont want to go to school tommrow
:why you like number six?
lmao why you so ghetto (in really proper voice)
Heading to Vegas for Coach Grazier to meet my parents for the first time! Gunna be fun!
We are too Aly! :( You'll be by to say hi though right?
Looking forward to brunch with Trevor at noon!
WOO! I'm so groovy that I dig me!
Night baby i love you <U+2764>
Man, those guys at were blowing up my twitters today! Good work, gents!
I've just been having a hard time and all. personal issues. and hahaha<3 where do I sit?
I know the feeling :/
Definition of Mom: "If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader." -John Quincy Adams
Finish the 'Best Seller' I've been working on for two years, donate a generous % to the causes I support, promote awareness
Played first game of strat-o-matic baseball with c. Very fun for both of us. (And memories of blizzard of 78 when I played all week...)
Go to tinyurl.com/aisofjoa to get a free I-Pad 2! ( FOR U!)
Just made our airplane reservations for in Philadelphia next month! Looking forward to it!
Wobbing it up at
love you
That show still exists? #imserious #nottryingtobefunny “: Did u catch on 'Last Call w/ ' last night?
need to do that every Sunday!
I've had to enter emails and pws about 100 times on the iPad. Anyone have a way to auto this?
Bummed that national commercial audition was cancelled today, but just got a feature film audition to make up for it!
need some tea in my life
Just Imagine How Tomorrow Gone Feel
you can look for casting calls... And build a team
with you when you right
be safe homie
i interviewed you at the NewNowNext Awards. is Paul the publicist that was with you all that night?
Things are coming together the right way!!!
And the moon just slowly disappeared. #Supermoon #goodshow "you cant fuck with the moon"
bitches are horny tonight
Restore us again, O God our Savior, and put away your displeasure toward us. Psalm 85:4
That sucks nigga.
Great to see you on Twitter, lady! xo
you can't call to be the president of douchebags and tweet that nonsense lol
From nothing, right now, I am the possibility of love, freedom, full self expression and endless creativity!
I don't care how good #BryceHarper may be, he looks like a tard.
Thanks for the follow, Adam!
There is no way you knew this. None. Gary Kabaly has been booking films in our theaters for over 25 years. Imagine. 25 years.
Thank you, we hope you have a great Wed. too!
Oh u put #teamfollowback on every tweet, thay doesnt make u look deaperate for followers at all...
And so do the Clippers...mas putos
hah you might be right.
Awesome show tonight!! Thanks to everyone that came out great energy!!
If Benedict Cumberbatch doesn't win the best actor BAFTA this time, there's got to be something wrong with humanity.
Everytime I get to the top of my timeline 100000 more tweets cone through
You may have created my past, and messed up my present, but you have no control of my future."
AND, I was introduced to some mics that I had never used before that rendered my & #saxophone tones very well.
Lou, what happened to your site?
There are some odds against people, but sometimes you have to do something different to get better.
thats deputy prime minister of turkey for you laymen!
I'm great thanks :) wbu?
Sounds like a perfect plan. : )
Things I like to hear.
Got 6 pounds of coffee in 4 different flavors for Christmas. I think I have a problem...I don't have enough coffee pots.
Night out of the ordinary in the OP with out of the ordinary gals! #classysportycool . Mmmhmm
you're a loser.
going to six flags great adventure tomorrow. i hope it's not crowded. - eugene
Family Dinner is rockin' a set down tonight. Get thur @ 9 pm to see my bros & I
That certain follower should dm me. Just sayin
think I will try it tomorrow . I'll be the one with the broken finger.....Melrose is like 5 min from office
Merry Christmas!!!
amazing day (: couldn't of been any better
Tune in to today at 12:30pm PT on when BCS Executive Director Bill Hancock is scheduled to join the show.
i miss you...
Ah ha! Twitter = AIM + Facebook... Same cost-benefit of Facebook but on an instant messaging timescale. Makes sense, no?
Blue Bottle's New Orleans ice coffee makes me feel like I made a deal with the devil to taste the most perfect beverage in history. -SM
We need to have mega-doses of Gods Word. A little dab on Sunday morning wont do you!
Yes wishes! Now you can help them, and you, turn those wishes into goals - using pictures you draw, cut from magazines, and any other way.
Well, my odds were fifty-fifty. Can't always win.
A girl can be your best friend, wife, worst enemy, or worst nightmare.It all depends on how you treat her.
I know but im just trying to make a point to some guy who keeps saying he has sources that they're meeting today.
There are huge opportunities at the moment just waiting for you... But I'll tell you one thing.. If you wait, you'll definitely lose out!
work y
me to
Bro. Chase, I want to personally congratulate you on being the SGA President-elect at Rust College. 11119..0006!
Working on putting some gigs together. Details coming soon.
RT “: #MentionTo your friend who's good at rapping.”
& you spelled "Principal" wrong on my Janet typography Tshirt & bag. It's the 'principle' of the matter lol. Best!
I'm home, but sick...feels good 2 be with friends (virtually) again!
You got my email, yes? Otherwise you're at waiting for me...
Not up in here
Awesome! I'd run 12 miles every day if you supported it ;)
Stop into to cheer on your #NYKNICKS tonight against the #LACLIPPERS at 8pm! Bring your friends and come bounce with us!
Thanks, Raquel! We appreciate you!
What time did you go to bed... BabyJ got up at 9 this morning
I bet 8500 she rips 80k!!!! I snap she has kq off i hold gimme day 165k!
see you tomorrow at for the lunch workshop!
This seems like a reasonable time to go to bed.
Thanks, digital humanitarian sounded trite to me & info. access is a common thread with the work / advocacy I do.
Think Im going to go to the club with my brothers next Friday .
i,m deff a music head yup yup retweet if u love music
None from me, sorry. Can't make it to the movies this year, unfortunately.
I wish just one *calm* intelligent person could respond and the rest of us just ignore him because he's the equivalent
Haha these women are all acting like they are happy their husband is having a baby with that woman... straight faking it...
North shore mall,
Gonna go to bed....Night :)
I can't stop listening to Country. I have major problems...
There has to be evil so that good can prove its purity above it.
Okay about to get a job @ subway and eat all the sandwiches! No cold cuts for anybody! Just me. Yal can have the meat balls I'm not a fan.
Seriously! MT Whoa...kinda blown away by the multitude of facets and scope in this Cleveland project.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, it would make me very happy. It is only a button please.-60<3
Now the Pacers are interested in Rondo. Will Dwight Howard become a Net in the next year?
I will be! I never skip.
:) Really, more like GEOGRAPHY is a bitch...on so many levels...
You taught me to never give up my dreams, so in his honor, I will take my entire class to buy #NSNDVD.. OMB,excited.. 3
I know, right? RT : RT : I miss the smell of my elementary school library
you were amazing last night; performing and karaoke!! :)
Of course, twenty minutes after moving all of the food in the fridge to the cooler, the power came back on.
Duane Wilson of Dominican and Playground Elite went 13 of 18 from field and 5 of 8 from 3-point en route to scoring 43 in NIKE League.
Late night Hadoopin'
90 minutes of sight-reading music tonight was much easier than I expected... Had played none of the pieces before.
While watching 2 girls hump each other on the dancefloor, informs me that move is called the "Jersey Turnpike."
The best feeling in the world is holding a newborn! So precious!
“: I admit, I really miss how things used to be. But I also admit, that I've accepted the fact that things changed.”
Need a 5 Hr Energy, quick!
everybody check out my song titled "sometimes" its a personal favorite and it really describes some of the stuff that be on my mind...
would u rather he hug you? Bwahahah
Damn dey done got Bin Laden hell naw
Caribou lou
Thanks for that link. I like the OneS. They said the SIII will have an even bigger screen so that turned me off right away.
Glad to hear sexism is good for something.
What would you like to talk about this week?
$80 for an extra bag. No longer a fan, Porter Airlines. No longer a fan.
Some nigga save hoes, I'm not that heroic
I hope she breaks your heart , like you broke mine .
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
people who do that really make me mad. poor pups
Thanx, it was great beer.
I don't think this day could be worse
Is there anyone other than AT&T that offers good cell phone coverage through the Gorge and in Carson?
imma let you pick something out before Xmas homie I got you!
can sing REALLY WELL!! RT if you love his beautiful voice
Lot's of fans are anxiously awaiting the flash back feature to see it for ourselves. Lol.
#whoispaulmccartney That is pathetic. This generation...
wait what church was this at
Introduction to Credit Derivatives - New Session Added AUG 31 in NYC This one day course assumes that participants have no or minimal know…
Money money money BAAAAGGSSS
What ever!!“: Who are you RT ": Naaa!im a goon“: Please. Just. Stop. Talking #kthanks”"”
Spain, but they're both Spanish speaking so it's close!
That was crazy! RT : What an episode
Zogenix Submits New Drug Application (NDA) to U.S. Food and Drug ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Yep! I do!
We want to know! Do you get BBQ sauce all over your face while eating ribs or do you eat them with a fork?
Well that was a very informative and very metal session with HELLYEAH on live. Haha!!
Having a GREAT time at CIEE in #neworleans with and keep the #jazz coming!
I think almost everyone I know gets stressed out by moving. It's high on the list of Life Change Events, or whatever they call 'em.
OMG GO TO BED
So happy for #Octavia Spencer! She was awesome, but I love the line #"Minnie don't burn no chicken!" She said that just like my Aunt Louise
“The toughest thing about success is that you've got to keep on being a success.”~ Irving Berlin
Hosted my first jam with today. And man was it fun! Can't get over how hype the crowd was.
Im Thanking God for favor!
Really really really great movie
Don't forget the stickers and temporary tattoos
At #nielsenduke is suggesting that senior researchers should do the more risky things because younger scholars can't take risks.
Good grief! That's crazy. Glad you guys are okay.
Reminds me of kids pooing in the bath. Must be something cozy about dropping a deuce in warm water.
Immersive environments - at what point do visitors give feedback? Is immersion mean only the physical? What does the visitor feel?
ARGGH this is the second time I've managed to drop my headphones into my coffee. Seriously??!!
#pcampboston don't scold users for making mistake in the process! Truly aid them.
I guess I'll read that book for that book review. :/
Is the best restaurant in Manhattan. C'est tout. Thank you for the rec!
Your Business is your Thought, NOT a Building, a Person or a Product.
ugh bring me one asap!!!
We have to continually be jumping off cliffs and developing our wings on the way down.” <U+2015> Kurt Vonnegut
TOP OF THE MORNING MY BOY! Yo thanks for the love & the shout out my Brother! 1 Love & have Blessed Day!
CORRECTION This is a reminder for our Zumba Class tonight with Jennifer Pearl Studios ROOM 1206 519 8th Ave 12th FLOOR look for
I just said damn it to my dad and he didn't even say anything about it! Wtffff. We're almost to Earthborn. c:
Hollie was AMAZING!
Tewksbury residents: don't forget to #voteyes of question one today for a stadium, track, field, and tennis courts we can be proud of
put me down <3
S/o to da niggas who rock dat fake ass glassy ass big baby shackle around dey wrist. Witta matching chain . O_o
About to be on time for Day 3, and oh lovely--a train decides to come right before I go through the light!
I used to live in the Caribbean (on an island). I stupidly got a short haircut. I ended up looking like a poodle!
word ; iwant BANANA MUFFINS DOE -_-
anyone know an Amazon ubuntu/centos AMI with only JDK on it ? ditto with an AMI with chef client?
no babee I didn't, don't have my phone, remember?
I'm tired
Marvelous Mondays!! Walkins are Welcomed for #weaves #flatirons #braids #colorspecialist 1738 Telegraph #Oakland 5108321100 Full Barber ser
hell yeah
I did the same thing. I guess I need to get my high heels out!!! ;)
Please show it to me when You finish,!
The force is not with today :-/ lol!
Clemson taking it to Virginia! , the tigers need to finish really strong this year to make the tourney
COME TO CHICAGO
what it do what it do
Would you feel any better if he tweeted it from Opera Mini or iCab on iPhone? :-)
Biking with a cigar?
RT : A little scary how much this game resembles the first 30 minutes of last week's UND-#Gophers match-up
I've been trying 2 empower women & myself & I forgot we also have to empower our spouses! How can we do that? #LoveLanguages. Ck out my site
Seen at texas road house .
oak alcohol additives, it all tastes the same - welcome to the golden state
A light is on at the Marino's house. Shoot, I was going to break in and steal stuff.
Thanks for the RT!!
Amazing! RT : Just realized the 1st time I saw Henry Taylor's work was same day I met in LA.
Forgot how late games come on here. Sheesh!
Truly Mad Doctor #DoubleFeature This #THURSDAY at 9:30pm ! Feat. Dr. Phibes Rises Again & U.S. Premiere of Dr. Gore!
cooking for days
"infinite possibilities"-Ricky Williams has a very imaginative mind, he reminds me of Ricky Henderson.
Congress is taking action to ensure the backcountry of Pennsylvania and Virginia are protected during the duration of the war.
#Orioles going with 7:15 start
hey wuts up! ;)
Looking forward to spending my Gift catd! Big fan! Love a follow!
i think they had a fire alarm during exams last semester too. bad luck indeed.
“: Pussys on the pavement” Superbad!!!!! :D
Go follow him!
send some of your work
Don't wanna go 2 school !! #Tired #Where AreYouSummer !?!?
wha u know about mall cops??? netflix it up... remember who put u on! lol RT I dislike cops but lovee cop shows...the irony
Timing is everything.
Chicken overtakes pepperoni as most popular pizza topping on restaurant menus
Why you doin this to me -_-
i have missed so many episodes of glee
Yay! RT today I walked across the Chicago Thtr stage, my mom's 20 hrs in town are complete & now I go to work for 1 hour
This has been one of my best days in a while : )
i mean i've been in the club ;)
i would but im on follow limit...its so dumb but when im off, when ever that is ill follow u back:)
Definitely! RT : All life is an experiment. The more experiments you make, the better – Ralph Waldo Emerson.
The John Edwards sex tape is being destroyed. Ah man, I was just looking forward to never watching it
same here...bout to go ham watchout
Bfast, lunch, nd dinner consist of these cough drops.
Congrats to all the Grammy winners! www.gailboyd.com
You call it "jealousy". I call it "fear of losing you"
I'm from St. Pete, but if you think the #Rays wouldn't pull better attendance here in Buffalo (even w/ #BlueJays across border), think again
Just chillen with my mom.. ya know. just a little insanely excited.
We are just about to get started here !
For a chance to win 2 tix to the First Round of the #NFLDraft RETWEET this & follow by NOON!
I believe your rite
Oh. Hello Um. I really really like you.
A study from Penton Media shows that 49% of respondents were worried about the economy down from 78% in 2009.
Less than 2 hrs left! Wanna join Zipcar today? We're giving $75 driving credit to today's sign-ups! DM us for details
It's not denial. I'm just very selective about the reality I accept.
When was the last time the sun didn't come out? SOLAR IS HOT!
REMEMBER: Nothing worthwhile will ever be very *easy*
Dnt knw why I waited till da last minute 2 get my mother something
Too much homework can cause stress, depression, and even lower grades.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME :) I GIVE YOU A SOLO SHOUTOUT :)
And now my computer has gone stupid, perhaps a sign to go to bed?...
- Celebrating the birthday of George Gershwin!
then it will be time to switch to google voice.
dont break it bcz i dont want you to become a stranger :(
!!RT Presents #StartingFiveShowcase Performing Live TV Taping Broadcast by 829 Upshur St
Thank you
Yaaay buddy time for go Travis & Wes, give me laughter, action & sex appeal.
From : "The Main Street Program is working, downtown Milford and Holly are 100% occupied...but there's still work to do"
If you ever want to be overwhelmed with apple products, try in Austin, TX. Nuts.
lsu has better case to get in than Alabama in that scenario. Bcs is a joke no matter what happens.
I wonder if the nicest family in the world would consider checking out my blog? I'm sure you get asked this all the time. Please
Tues. Photo Flashback: The Elders at Milwaukee Irish Fest 2007 - www.theconcertstage.com/elders2007.html
Skech Fabric Flipper or maybe an Otterbox.
Celebrations have already started in my neighborhood. Will be lucky to get any sleep this weekend.
Do you know any good hip-hop clubs in Frisco? Preferably ones that have local talent?
Yo Rain is mad packed tonight we getting it in in las Vegas tonight!!!!!!!!!!
this is just an excuse for f#*#ING before two weeks
#thanks for your #logo #design for us, Lia. We're glad to be working on Mark Beyer's #book cover for WHAT BEAUTY
I put milestone 5 on my first gen galaxy S a couple days ago and it is TOTALLY SWEET. thanks for the awesome work!
Nothing seems to wake me up like a nice workout, no thanks coffee I am good
Meh... boo him. You probably weren't booing him yesterday, but whatever
best vocal of the season for you! Just beautiful! You and were top 2 tonight for sure!
Idk what to do about you though. I can't figure you out.
Where exactly *IS* shopping heaven?
what about Gothberg?
I can't get the link to work to read it
Any fun plans for #Springbreak?
Tell your friends about us, even though we suck.
Welcome to my age group man! I'm 35 and 4 months old.
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "DANO" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
I'm going to give you a country #banger lol lee Brice- beer
he's gonna get burned too
Follow back please <U+E057> would mean alot <U+E328>
I rather like "mattock" which doubles-up as a term of abuse :)
Rhi. Turn it off. Turn it off now. Or drink some wine.
I wish I had a friend like that.
Is that new Worlds of Fun/Oceans of Fun commercial driving anyone else crazy? I'm talking boycott!!!
You good? RT : OH MY. I need to cool the fuck off right now.
you are totally going to bring me an issue of when you visit, right?
#AJFEVER! #retweet ~> : I know this kid that has a new video coming out soon (: #Woot Woot !! #iknowhimTOO!:D
What's Love got 2 do w/ it? #Everything damn it Jenolo 4life baby
Must be cause I'm showin up to school there today!
I watched you change, now watch me.
no.. I have to go back down... That's what I was trying to avoid.. But it's coolio! I get to feel the rain again :)
thanks for the RT! sorry I've been so out of the loop! lots going on, almost all positive stuff - hope you are well!
you need to join We are having a fantasic convo on state politics.
happy mothers day TINA!! #POW! LMAO
#LeePelton - we must have the moral courage to respect each other
pretty soon he will be chasing pacha around the yard
Hofni Samuel~ When in doubt do without.
I do agree with you lol look at my tweets
Lie on your stomach with your arms at your sides. A party associate will arrive shortly to collect you for your party.
Whom Rush claimed was paid with his ducat This proved such a lie There arose an outcry And his sponsors were moved to just chukit
those fucking bastards!
Love Dont Cost Ah Thing So Ah Nigga Want Change!
One hour til game time!
Any travel towards IA, NW and NC IL will be impacted by ice event Weds PM and Thurs. Travel will be difficult.
Looking forward to the 21st. Flying to 5R4 in the SR22 to pick up Grady! Anyone been to Foley, AL?
I should have sang "will you light my candle?" Ala mimi from rent.
what did u mean of "they" ??
haha nah. Stones
I hope my bestfriend feels better. I love you <U+2764>
Oh god it's terrible.
Love the idea of a "twitter firehose" - good mental picture.
I bet a sour patch kid blizzard would be good.
dis bitch said she was gone call back and nevber did
Very cute: RT : <U+2665> Fun T-Shirts that will inspire your girl to be a leader tinyurl.com/4bpv7g2 <U+2665>
The more you sweat in practice, the less you bleed in battle. ~Author Unknown
Thank you:)
Oh Chargers. Why do I let you determine the happiness of my Sundays?
Nobody traveling tonight. Viva le resurreccion. Elijah riding shotgun.
back! What's your work situation these days?
YOU'RE FIRED. What an A-hole!!! THIEF!
"It is our duty to fight, it is our duty to win."
yes... And I have apple care, that means something, right?
I've had the same experience with rush orders!
That's telltale when your conception of "defend us" begins with the military. I guess "we" don't negotiate with anybody.
why do you have that?!?
This Saturday, Gallery Walk is back! 7-10pm throughout the #DesignDistrict. Will you be here?
i know i can't believe its already been a year! Real world isn't too bad haha
#RBNY now with only 1 more trip to West Coast this reg season: Vancouver. West teams to play: VAN CHV SEA POR. That's it.
. or he wins the "Mr Irrelevant" sweepstakes
Really enjoyed and learned a lot last weekend for coaches growing their business ...
today's relationship: you can touch each other, but not each others phone
Going to fail my history test..but I'll just blame for kepping me from studying :-)
The awkward moment when someone uses the public restroo, doesn't wash their hands and walks past you like
doesn't matter we can decide on the way lol
I hate when people question me for no reason, mind your business.
I'm awake so early the sun hasn't risen.
#NP Brand New Guy -A$AP
Collins girl friend is so ugly and fat
Crawling in a hole until this game is over.
As Chp. 2 draws to a close, I'm wondering where the inspirational & transformative leaders are in education today?
What I get for making a point of watching most nights, besides up-to-the-minute knowledge, is a mild crush on
I don't guess I get to stay in bed all day.
Catching up w/ self & emails and looking at my Oakland garden: palm trees, camellias, roses, bluebirds, trimmed persimmon trees, soon rain.
So nice that I was surrounded by POSITIVE people last night that make me laugh instead of fakey weirdo bitches.
i owuld never follow justin bieber he a queer that dont know it yet but yea thats besides the point
You can and WILL! And I'll be here to help you! :D <333
Thinking about moving to LA, what do you think, yes or no?
Starbucks #fedhill open!
The reason for the surge in gun safe sales is child protection.
If we could buy years on our life how do you think the world would be?
Enjoying a beautiful sunny day in Miami.Connecting with my sources,nature and the simple things that life offers me today
so wish i could go that sounds amazing!
Coffee, Big Bang Theory, laundry, bed. Such an exciting life I lead. But I had Popeyes today, so it all evens out.
Good Morning Seattle! It's an awesome day to get a tattoo!! John C. , Gustavo and Dana have openings today!!
Gonna get off Twitter hopefully everything will get straightened out.
when i say "I won't tell anyone" ..that doesn't include my best friend.
NO #SOPA THINK ABOUT WHO ELSE IT EFFECTS #LandOfTheFree RESERVE OUR #FreedomOfSpeech I dont wanna be like china!
Thanks for the recommendations!
Do what you could, with what you have, where you are.
#ruby #rails #jobs #job - Why not do some window shopping for a new RoR job. Send your confidential resume to
once you figure out the rules to #Twitter, please let me know. Sometimes it feels like the Wild West around here.
I follow my dreams cause what else is there to chase?
OMG..... JFDHSDFHKFHIUERYW NO ITS NOT THAT... LMFAO EVEN BETTER =O STFU
Whenever Niall wears sweatpants he looks super attractive.
Its actually somewhat nice out? What?!?
Love that song! It's so amazing.
Butterflies can't see their wings. They can't see how beautiful they are, but everyone else can. People are like that too.
Hotel CURRENT/Long Beach has just been added to our list of hotels!!!20% off best available rate.
“: OMG awkward Courtney!!!! #bachelor” I know, right?
Pence with a 2RUN HOMER and the Phils take a 2-1 lead in the 4th. Still batting with no outs.
he's a stone cold fox
Remember the Home and Garden Market DALLAS is Sept 11-13 @ Dallas Market Hall!!!!
That was so cute! :3
That hurts denver so much. RT : Denver's Corey Brewer has a left eye laceration
Did you kill the homeless guy? I'm not saying you should have, but if you did, you could totally tell me. My lips are sealed.
We will be holding volleyball leagues Mondays thru Thursdays, plus Friday night mixers for teams and players! Check site for info!
lmao! :-) Bout time for you to regulate. #90210 all day!
mark AUGUST 12th-14th on your calenders please!!! That's my birthday weekend! Details TBA...
check out
don't put " ... " when you text me . that shit feels awkward .
Lot's of burritos finding happy homes right now... it's lunch time at Pepino's!
What? He clearly proved he could do a period piece in KINGDOM OF THE CRYSTAL SKULL.
Shopping alone at UTC
"The law of the harvest says: Focused effort is amplified by appropriate timing and regimented routine." - Rory Vaden, from Take the Stairs…
You're cuter than a guinnie pig, wanna take you up to Winnipeg, that's in Canada!
is this good or bad?
Yes, but it was self-inflicted so don't feel too bad for me. :)
The roof if the net just got KRONWALLED!!!!
Go white boy go white boy go.
Maybe I'm splitting hairs. Also, this is the first time I can remember that I've used the word "fancy." Thank you for that.
_.-|~_ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Jadens baseball game went well! He had 2 hits and 2 got 2 ppl out while playing second baseman!
I will let the boys know!
S/O to because I love her like a sister and she's my geometry buddy <3
Got to stop this crap already .. Im just hurting myself
Finally updating the Greater NOLA archivists web directory.
lmao u need to keep up haha
You too.
I stayed home from school to see on live with Kelly. I wonder what he will say bout
you two are going to have an awesome time it was super fun.
what your all about is by far the shallowest and sweetest thing i have read all day, you need a lot more followers.....
Don't forget #sdsms attendees get a discount on our social media classes. Grab a flyer at the table.
Sometimes I hate leaves cause they look like lizards.
I'm getting them on my phone and on Twitter, but if I go on the tab on my phone there's nothing there...odd
Its Earth Month come visit our web and get the latest events coming up
“: i hope you finished your project!” I knew I forgot something! ;)
hahaha it's ok. I left kinda right after that tweet and somehow ended up downstairs again.
Same here yo :/
Yea, apparently he loves listening to games. Listened to it myself. This year I'll make sure to STOP during the anthem! haha
Thank you and same to you!
oh. I'd like one of those, please!
achievement unlocked: 100 straight days at the saucer
I see why dudes have soo much trust issues with some females because i witness some girls perpin HEAVY for no reason.
In Vegas, Its 10:30. 1:30 my time.... Me so tired!! Thanks Encore for the awesome room!!
Are you going to watch POTUS's State of the Union tonight?
maybe you should get 2 and make a super table!
Tomorrow October 2 is your last chance to get the NMX Ski Card for the early season price of $125. Price goes to $149 on Monday!!!
Cleaning my aunts house brings back old memories. :)
what up fam
Pantalones en fuego. You were only awake for half of that game.
I see. To be honest, I don't really know what the Droplr limit is but I think it's 25MB per file, perfect for quick sharing.
#twitteroff. Going to the homies. Glad to have you back Ben!
Read at whim! Read at whim! - Randall Jarrell
ANDY. hi
Thanks! We have gluten free crepes, trade veggies for pita on the hummus or spinach dip. We can deconstruct sandwiches too
hi nickbreezyyyy c;
Schools should stop being baby sitting institutions. Let the parents figure out how to care for kids. Just teach the kids
Aren't you supposed to be missing your wife and child?
I love how retweets my tweets. :'] Follow her <U+2665>
#ireallywant him to not have a girlfriend
Happy Early Birthday Babe! love ya forever i love watching you grow as a singer and a person! beena fan since you turned 15!<3
I kno u hoes wit D'Angelo lines shoulda been boys...I just kno it
you aint never lie
In Gainesville almost home
After haveing a bomb ass day yesterday, today is going 2 drag like a queen...
My pleasure, happy to help. . .
and you represent us women beautifully. U go girl
I love short chicks... #dontjudgeme. Not midgets but just short lol
It's not a rebuild if the last playoff series win was in 1993. It's a build. A slow, painful build.
That was the Prayer before reading Holy Scripture by St. John Chrysostom
i have a dog, his name is ben, hes my pet and my best friend
thnk you for the follow back
funny, I just suggested that solution the current travails only last night (seriously!) to someone at ICE
I deserve it
I'm the one in the Reds hoodie who looks like she hasn't slept in days.
>MLM Update! American Gold Reserve( New Company Listing )
If zombies ate ur brain would u even notice?
who me??? LOL
NOT lol. Ill visit on the day of Hantes :P
the digital divide is about the skills gap that could extend the wealth gap in
nice car!
RT : Who's ready for a brand new episode of #MaryMary on ?!?! Tune in tonight at 9/8pm Central!
football lockout could be over today. details on Good day ny.
Still reading "Never eat Alone". You diffently need a notebook nearby. Keith gives great information to be used in any business.
Kellin Quinn really is having a baby girl and he really is naming her Copeland dear god hold me
I wish :(( but we have to stay in a certian county because my moms doc office..
you know what you should do?? tweet me? ;D
We have the opportunity to actually change government and increase civic engagement -Ferriero
I recommend your book to everyone I come in contact with and I haven't finished it yet. It's amazing. Thank you!
How ya been? How's the job hunting goin'? :-)
I know! Thanks for the RT!
let's plan on monday! what are the details?
Doing our best to get a young victim of domestic violence back to Florida from California. Needed to raise $133; looks possible.
good morning blue dots!!! i hear your 65% off today!!! (DON'T MISS SOME AMAZING DEALS & STEALS!!!) xo
#imjealous that all my friends have someone that makes happy
Of the resources you've shared with us, Which would you say are your favorites?
I'll try to find the email.. It's been awhile..
I am currently seeking the perfect match for an attractive 30 yr old accomplished (attorney) male client. Please contact me! 505.872.8743
Bitch please.....
Listening to BBC Radio 2 and pricing garage sale goodies.
and all that for free
Why the hell do people say null on their pictures?
its a Brand New type of day
I THINK i may actually DROP DEAD if i don't get to see the chili peppers in October :(((
12lbs in a month is a lot! congrats! I'm inspired and proud of you too :) And no diet food. I dont buy it either.
Halloween special. Book a massage or acupuncture session anytime before oct. 29 and get 20% off. Call 5034495164
I swear after this math final I'm flicking off the Math building.
that sucks! U need to get it
totally missed the bus..times like these i'm glad i have friends that can drive..(:
Note to self: put my windows up next time I'm going to drive past the wild safari park. Rhino butt? Pe-yew!
your dumb
Wow I love LA after a good rain , air feels and smells so clean. It's the start of a beautiful day, full of promise and possibilities
That sounds neat ;) Have a nice time!
#FF rad girl fronted punk bands:
. talks about teaching students how to infer models from using online databases, becoming critical users
On vacation in LA. Had a fun drive down Highway One. Stopped in Big Sur for massage and soak at Esalen and the Hearst Castle. Nice!
NOT GUILTY REALLY???
hey :) are you going to the BD premiere in london? x
haha meet at the fountain in 10?? I jump you jump!
Today was a productive day of script revision. Tomorrow its off to shoot the first episode :D
Just ONE of the many ways I know it's real is...when she's gone, I really don't wanna do shit but Chill by myself...she's my best friend
Couldn't have asked for a better day. Way to work Blazers, great weekend. Time to keep working and winning ballgames
Tomorrow is the final day to sign-up & receive the discount. Check out the Mark Clayton Football Camp website at www.footballcamps.com
Car GPS Buying GuideOemCarGPS Blog - gps units for cars
We would love to see this a regular thing, too! Thanks for coming over today!
My body feels like I've been hit by a bus.... #massage ?
indeed it is. unlike our team, you're on a roll.
lol yes it does -.-
You need to try Biggby coffee if you go to AHML some time. Our favorite.
Didn't you see Nokia was included? Too small to see? Okay, maybe they weren't, but I'm still hoping they turn it around.
Great job last night, despite we ambushed you with several new songs :) -KC
#digitalindia ACS, NYPL examples of use of social media to connect. 20 ways to interact with NYPL - Rajan
be ready by 8:15 :* & remember dress pretty!
just breathing makes me hungry.
Gonna try a green juice recipe courtesy of
M, Carolina peaches for breakfast.
is literally my bro and such a great friend
u sang happy bday to me
I contain multitudes
Greetin's from Austin! Cooking an epic late night dinner w best ta cook yer own veggies n Texas if ya don' want meat in 'em
wish I had BBQ weather here in CO
"Oh, and I just saw Tim Tebow..." - So nonchalant...
show us!
at least. our arteries will thank us.
undergraduate research symposium listening to Liz Scheib report on the dramaturgy of Dutch sex workers
My report for spam hand is strong.
thank u
You make me feel like the only girl in the world, you keep me smiling even when I'm down, I love you so much. No one compares 3/31/12.<3
Leaving the jail now...
YOU'RE MISSING OUT. rookie ass bitch
My kids are little (2 & 4) so it's a craft they can participate in, and it keeps my creative juices flowing! Have fun!
When you make something as out of the ordinary as a silent film, it's going to get some kind of award. Or Best Picture.
hey guys follow back? :]
Happy birthday!
She trynna fuck and i say church!!!
Hello all! RT : Pls welcome more #WUT2 panelists: and
Preparing or tonight's festivities: #Karaoke. 80's dance party/work out theme mandatory.
we really want you to come onto the show soo bad .. We cant find your people.. HELP HELP! :) Call us! :)
Gonna be with tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I have been informed that political protest is super dangerous and we're all gonna die, you guys.
the only thing certain in life is death
Vinny you have a contagious laugh! I fluvv it! =)
Don't let anything hold you back from accomplishing your dreams. Take it from me, it can be done.
Let me go pass out & come back to life. It's been over a month since my last class.
didn't have a 1st round grade on Brockers???
Nice finish.
Bro, are you aware that you bare a striking resemblance to a young Kevin Clash, he's actually very famous, google him, to funny
Woke up all night
Come celebrate 7 yr anniversary tonight with a live performance from Wyclef Jean!
Another win for on a perfect shooting night (4-4) for -- just two games out of that eighth playoff spot...
yes #keepblockheadsinformedor everybody freaks out! Lol
Thank goodness. RT : Chris Brown got rid of the blonde.
Omg brianna is singing while we're standing in this hallway
For as long as people massacre animals, they will kill each other.
#oomf needs to change their twitcon ASAP like rocky. :x
Only your BestFriend would do mani pedis with you all lit at 3 am :)
Not sure if she'll be into it but it can't hurt to try!
www.vaRSITYJACKETS09.COM
reporting on media commons publishing projects -- the new everyday
if i eat a bunch of carrots, does that negate all the halloween candy i just ate??
gotta Grind, I mean it when I say You will be On Tour With Me!!!
so lets not dread on all those things we should have said and piece by piece they can pick you up off my floor(:
Production SQL DBA in South Florida who can start tomorrow!!!
Any last words?
bring back Good Eats #foodnetwork ! I need the help with my chemistry homework.
I sure wish I could be there, but I know it's gonna be a great experience!!!
RT : VDAY SPECIAL! Every rider gets Epic Cookies & ltd edition VDAY card by local artist Joey Nix <3
Banning mobile device use in cars would be even less successful than prohibition was.
Power nap before sundown...my weekend begins tonight.
RT : My friend David had his ID stolen yesterday. We just call him Dav now
I don't wear green because I look like christmas when I do.
Feather Hair Extensions high quality last for up to four months! Hair can still be washed, blown-dry,straightened www.OhioHairStylist.com
great! lets stay in touch
3 great NBA playoff games are on tonight and i don't have work. this is actually not a bad monday so far.
what do you think will be the big issues of this election? the obvious... the economy and abortion... what else?
#rippedjeans = new shorts! :P
#Brewers GM Doug Melvin explained To me That Brooks Conrad will likely replace Gamel on the roster. Hes hitting .400 at A and is versatile
check me out fam, I got material you'll like!
The #RingerFinale is gonna be sweet. I'll miss watching it every week tho
Makin my reggae playlist now for tomorrow..finishing chest piece..I'm like<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> but I know ima be like <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>..lol
Dont stop! believe it! hold on to tht feelin! street lights, people!
I had a great birthday!
Hey twitter family, my mother is missing. If you are in the North Carolina or Virginia area please note the following:
When we begin to understand the Tabernacle is Jesus and build ministry from this pattern we shall experience th latter Glory!
Preach. RT : "Searching the library website is fun!" -No One, Ever.
My niece knows how to maneuver everything on the iPhone and talk to Siri, she's 2.
putting them on blast this early? Haha you are a trip bro!
Happy world #puppetry day everyone! Gotta watch "Being John Malkovich" tonight! Love that film!
Watching The Bears at BW3's if anyone would like to join! BEAR DOWN!
Im on some toxic blade runner slime phonk weed smoker shit
Please contact The Battle of Florida. We would like to honor US ARMY personel and invite them to our Inaugural Game Jan 21st@ FAU.
Watching Soul-Train...
No wait I was right first time lol
shrimp might therefore be the ShOOO
wow dude i just f***in' saw this o.o damn i'm like months late and shit! :o
im bored we should hang out. but im always bored if im not at papa johns.
#Aetna Insurance sucks! Evidently, they feel they don't have to cover a current paid insured's cancer treatment! Inhumane and unfair!
Super! Will be there again one of these days. Drink? Having hella fun managing & taking freelance PR gigs!
Head on over to for their benefit for Haiti. Great food and drink. $50 donation matched by MK!
What a great night :) I hit 1000 followers! Goodnight all!
Studying Tantra is changing my life
“: Anyone else have a thing for Jeff Goldblum?” Always. He has a permanent Jurassic Parking spot in my heart.
I want snow to go.
you back in the usofa yet?
People get ready for in #minneapolis tonight and tomorrow! Get yourself to at 9 tonight and 8 sharp tomorrow
High high high high high high high high high high high high high high high high high high high high
Nice use of QWiPS with your quote of the day!
aye I can take u there ;)
I spy you with my little eye.
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started. The secret of getting started is breaking your complex overwhelming tasks into small...
Resist sir!! Fall not to the dark side
Must be summer fever when I'm excited about Keith Urban popping up on Pandora. Crank it!
Yeah, I already have my future planned out;) I hate being a sophomore. I'm going to MSU, then going to teach Eng & Db8:)
Book-signing TONIGHT! Meet "Grosvenor Square" author Katherine Ann Meyer at Hill Country Bookstore, Georgetown, TX. 5:30 - 8:30 PM
Watching The Voice...love this show
.your sickness beat ur asian fangirlisms.
ahahhahaa just got my sister's vote :D because of the opening performance.
It was a recap of what had happened previously.
I wish friends were like money. You can out them to the light and see who is real or not.
you should be watching #pinkfloydweek on No foolin'
Impressive, Creighton raised $20,000 in the Pink jersey auction and collected $9000 more last night in donations, nicely done Omaha
This is a good movie!
Nice win #caps! We needed that one
“: In school you're taught a lesson, then givin a test. But in life, you're givin a test that teaches you a lesson.”
no time. sorry friend :[
RT : "Think about a football coach, do they send players home to practice?" on flipped classroom via
You're My Better Half On Repeaatt ! <3
Great time hanging out with you Champ! Hit me up when you come out to Vegas.
2 more days
Open Forum today on the recommended governance structure for development and implementation of a new curriculum. HRC Auditorium at Noon.
Still cleaning my followers look, if your not Dr Dolittle or a relative then people stop creating a twitter page for your pets!!!
My Neck, my back, lick my pussy and my crack.
Ahahaha, because Courtney's never sleep I guess. Idk why I'm up either..
then lose on a horseshit goal against the run of play.// it does have that feeling, doesn't it?
maybe it's all the wild crazy sex we get to have!! ;)
man, why do i hate eating broccoli so much?
Whats you're worst grammar mistake pet peeve; hint; its obvious their are several in this sentence!
True shit RT : The rarest thing in the world is a woman who is pleased with photographs of herself.
Foster's fine.
smoke sumtn bitch!RIP PIMP C.....kush burning
Davinci Virtual is celebrating #MobileWorkWeek road warriors love virtual offices and Davinci has the largest network of centers in the USA!
I don't know why people don't get that messing around with fracking is so dangerous, toxic fallout aside.
Fat ass nigga
we hope to see you tonight for LIVE MUSIC ft ZachWade & DanHarvey 9pm! Food & drink specials!
idk it has to be a good movie though!
These storms are wicked really need someone to cuddle with anyways follow me
Frugazy? RT : lol, see if they got them aunt pearls while you're there! And they betta not be no frugazy shit!
DO YOU GOT A GF? CUZ I WANT YOU
All James Harden had to do to get a standing ovation at home was get a concussion from a thug.
That's what she said!
Let me finish cleaning the house brb
Thanks for the mention and we're all thrilled Shauna joined the team.
IM Like A Magnet lol....
nope there is tons of oil in sudan , the chinese have the drilling and refining rights
Won't keep my voice down Know the words I speak are the thoughts I think out loud
An eyeglass prescription is for eyeglasses only. It doesn't contain information that is crucial to a contact lens prescription. Happy Friday
RT : PYT has a krispy kreme burger it is 1100 calories... sounds insane... or like death on a plate
Oh, you liked a picture of Facebook saying I love god? You must be so religious.
so awesome!
That's what we're here for...if you're happy we're happy!!!
Can't wait for WM 28 ur going to kick john no nuts cena's face in! Inspire by u
via : Robert, Do you have an email address for Harry Ettlinger? I would like to send him a note to thank him for his service as a
Market schedule coming soon :-) New locations are being added.
I gave her your number :) see you tn
RT tomorrow is #TwitterSex Tuesday! List the ppl you'd like to F--K on Twitter- that's a lot more fun than
Almost time for Raw :-)
Jeselnick fucking rocked tonight.....I love aids jokes.
Absolutely, it is in the works. We are going to have some kinks in taking this conf over from trish and michelle.
Final posts now up with 132 capper's plays posted and a consensus NY Giants 33 Pats 44 Total Ov. 36-16 ........ Suite party at Station
Come get your #Hopslam tonight. It won't last long!
Definitely... being so close you sometimes forget to step back and realize not every school enjoys success like that.
That's Scott Wolven's "Controlled Burn."
end of the month, let's celebrate my bday together one evening or something.
Oh, I ran across a local mummified cat story recently, result of a query from a grad researcher. Of any interest to you?
thanks for following us! Your support means so much! Stay in contact, guys! :) - Jared, Project 143
what are your plans??
Why do i do things without thinking..... I feel stupid....
Reaching the transcendental State marks the acme of human existence. Hardly anyone conceives,much less attempts to attain that exalted State
thank for the retweet! Unfortunately we erred. It should read $5 OFF a ticket. The old tweet is deleted.
I used to think if i only slept with one stuffed animal, that the rest would get jealous & kill me .
Haha! What do you mean by "The Boot" though. #DeathValley?
ESPRESSO BUZZ WE!!!!!!!
In the process of getting my hair highlighted red!
"It is always wise to look ahead, but difficult to look further than you can see."
good point. that may be later today.
What great day for baseball and you guys certainly made it complete with a fantastic performance. Thanks and Go O's!
3AM in L.A. Thanks to Petey for making it an epic night!!
No worries. My wife is Canadian and my friend is a rabid Sabres fan, so I'm slowly being indoctrinated.
RT : This Christmas, I am determined to have an ugly sweater Christmas party.
MORE SHARPIE!
The ultimate solution to work/life balance is not escaping from work but living the way you want to work. Are you?
Thanks, everyone, for the birthday wishes!
My brother Ryker is going for first, weight 220, in the #Kansas Folkstyle Championships!
2 months n 25 more days I will be in my own apartment!!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> I just gotta keep stacking this paper <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>!!
well at least I wasn't replaced by a chicken :)
I'm normally not a praying man, but if you're up there, please save me Superman. - Homer (The Simpsons)
Would that clients understood that process. Even after explaining and outlining & demonstrating. Must be doing something wrong>>me.
#CharlesBarkley take that cotton out of your mouth!
Doing a commission for a co-worker. Theme: Winter Wedding in London. Working on concept sketches now!
Have a great trip here! I will try to take you where I took Steve, Doc Holliday's!
we mentioned this on our Facebook fan page as well, the letter is really well done!
fuck you buddy can't hear
I agree with you,the performance is expected to be on pointe!
lol tell them! Also, buy them a sandwich
Dana Perino is on Jeopardy tomorrow? Didn't she have to ask her husband what the Cuban Missile Crisis was?
Yeah, tolls are a rip off. It's a tax, plain and simple.
Lots in sports media paying close attention to metrics surrounding sharing. Traffic metrics discussed as distracting.
MT : ...big game at the Bradley center tonight. U don't wanna miss the girl singing the anthem either
Tonight im slappin a broke hoe wit my hair style cause its my birthday ! #primal tonight
My brother is having a birthday party what do I do? Sleep in the car. Too cool.
- I sure do have a beta invite. DM with your email and I will send one right over.
also. Incoherent drunk Nick said we'd hang out today. Is this still valid?
Wat will happen to my mommy or my baby Sis <U+E107><U+E107><U+E107>
Here's to hoping my graduate Alma mater, #VCU can keep rolling! Saw my man #Pav with the band tonight!
South Sudanese in Shakespeare play, a call for peace
Your eyes like the sky. Your hair like the sun.
Box Lunch Delivery is FREE for 3 or more orders so let us bring you lunch! 303-623-0525
Guidelines for public school handling of food allergies to be updated - East Valley Tribune
It is often troubling that the one man I trust the most, has probably killed people, only bad people, but still.
All pervasive! Interesting. I have some ideas for next steps. So sorry I can't come by your #PAS2012 poster. cc
The #giveaway contest is closed.
ewwww I see some :))
NF Hope you follow back and join my movement. Strictly for Divas & Gents!!!
MAX Service is disrupted by Equipment blocking the tracks near Lloyd Center... Shuttle Buses are being used...
Hey #runchat i'll be at ye old Corporate Cup tomorrow, not sure how to race a 5K any more.
Gadhafi pushes ahead as Arab League debates help...www.tncnews.com
Job seeking success happens when you use the search itself as a platform to demonstrate your skills.
tweet limit wbu
awww well im kinda busy too :( sucks find somebody like merlyn moose :3
Exactly Dan. Thanx a bunches ;)
I'm riding round An I'm gettin it It's mine I spend it !
Make em work for it grizz.
wish more men understood that
Hey, those're my people! Anything exciting come up?
look who it is
Apparently Siri has decided the #Lumia900 is the best smartphone available! LOL!!
are you sure you don't moonlight as a marketing genius ???
. Great question! I think this is going to be a gradual shift but we need to get more on board!
hey me
follow me love you !!! <3
Orlando vs Steak - THE CHALLENGE 60 min to eat 72oz USDA Choice Top Sirloin Steak, Baked Potato, Shrimp Cocktail, Side Salad.
i cannot believe i havent slept in 4 days. my body is slowly shutting down.
Just finished genealogy ebook thriller In The Blood by and loved it!! Hope this is a series.
Have fun at Disney today! Definitely don't forget to protect yourself from the sun with sunscreen!
Cal scores again! 21-7. Nice to have you back Mr. Bear.
I gotta stop falling asleep so damn early...smh
If I were you, I'd stop going to Cubs/Cards game. #badluck #GoCubsGo :)
Silvius: focusing on capturing learning journey, not just polished final products.
yes hun that was mine! U dug it?
Found by colleague: 5/4/49 letter from Mark van Doren to Morris Ernst re. Allen Ginsberg's legal troubles. Key moment in Beat history!!!
Good Morning Ficellenians, its Ficelle day #Navy Yard!
in Houston tomorrow if you want to grab a coffee in the afternoon. I'll be downtown.
Whats up everyone!!?
“: damn you I hope your computer crashes” I'll send it to you tomorrow, don't have it here
Acting is a question of absorbing other people's personalities and adding some of your own experience
Hey Steve - send me a direct message with you email. I want to get in touch
I have a happy, warm and windproof boyfriend, thanks the r4 is great.
happy b day!!!
These quotes are anonymous cuz of the 'racism' heat Nawrocki took for Newton comments.
Applying for more jobs...I could do floral arrangement...right? I mean, I DID take that 1-credit sports&rec class about flowers once. Right?
Mitt Romney says it's ok to be a gay boy scout and not a gay lover. So many dolphins died in Peru.
Tonight my therapist told me I'm a man. In that, I mean I am devoid of any emotions.
I used to get on twitter everyday and blow up your timeline...idk what happened with me
re: 's authority on interviewing: "I've done a lot of interviewing... of roommates" lol re: tech interviews, of which, I fail
Its a Coldplay, Maroon 5, and Fray kind of night. Fix you=
“Now this is not the end, It is not even the beginning of the end
You're a wiser man than I. But I was also dragged there. Go only for the AC, the trailers, the soda, or whatever else.
there is something special about portuguese colonies. Even through oppression and colonialism. People r happy and good food
You know I love my blog when my copy of InStyle with Natalie Portman sits unopened two feet away...
Their tacos are so good! I know, I'm right next door!
Thanks and happy Friday, Karl! Would love to chat about UEFA with you soon.
I don't want to leave Chicago!! Don't make me!
hell yeah it was! =p
To do list: laundry, pack, watch Eagles game (E-A-G-L-E-S!), Christmas Mass, dinner w/ husband's family then 9 days visiting Mom & Dad in FL
hungry af,,guess I gotta go to this lame ass caf
#5FactsAboutMe Im allergic to dairy
RT : Next week I’ll give a speech: Saving the American Idea: Rejecting Fear, Envy and the Politics of Division:...
Should I go to London for the EPT or not? Hm
thanks for the follow!
thank you for following
Should I stop this - DR.
Just photo-scouted Orchestra of St. Luke's DiMenna Center. Photographer walked in the "big room" and said "WOW!" Great feeling.
hopefully you'll stop being a weirdo :) lol love you scotty bear <3
I know what you mean...It made me blush when I heard the Fresh Prince shout out *1989* on my car stereo yesterday.
It's official. I'm in love with Tyson Ritter. Holy hell.
1/2 of the NY Smiths (Chris) will be on tonight's episode of "The Office - Tune in if you get a chance!
The only problem with this time of the year is the fact that I start slacking and start to not care about school. Wait I did that all year..
Rex Pickett tweeted this the other day and I love it ! Talent + Perseverance= Luck
I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness.
Two and a half days until United Capital makes a splash on the #DylanRatigan show. Check it out to have your MIND changed!
my choices create my reality
Another new tagline for the Internet #ANTFTI: Let Your Internal Cat Video Out To Play
“: whore” i learned from the best!!!
Rahsaan Patterson - Stop By
Well, I still consider the city to have been blessed by your righteous escape from the womb. Can you recommend a shape?
Jessie wearing a shirt in #breakingbad - EDM is beginning to appear everywhere (and I love it!)
Seeing Father's Day from Troma
You make me sick.
You have to let go of the past to grab ahold of the future.
OMFG IM FEEL SO BAD
They be staring at the money like its unfamiliar, but I was born blessed and gonna die bless!!!!
Lost planet 2 (=
Spending an infinity in the same damn town. Work that I do is wasting my time. The days I have off, I'm wasted my mind.
On set and Today is gonna be a GREAT Day!
Have fun! It sets the bar high. Another takeaway: this successful project took a ton of time and there were failures en route.
Jittery from too much caffeine. Ready to throw this empty disposable coffee cup at something.
Then as any real sister would I jacked For his savemoney tshirt & gave hima shirt w/a naked lady on it.
working on my ?'s for panel 1/25. have in the hot seat. what do you want to know?
are you following ?
Oh an also a pool boy!
The #priceofsuccess is nowhere as high as how much it costs when one fails…….
Listen to my album it's deeply encoded with the street mentality
Who knew? In 1800s there was a "wall of breadfruit trees” from Hu`ehu`e to Kealakekua. Ingenious way of holding clouds to bring rain.
Aidan just said, "She's a cowboy right?"
genre preference?
Seriously. RT I was expecting this Media Matters email about the Fox Nation headline an hour ago.
Show tonight at the Black Oak!
What do we need a psychiatrist for? We know our kid is nuts.
OMG, This guy on TV just flipped a table. Im dying bcuz I cant stop thinking about OMG !!!!!!!! *flips table*
"why don't you have a boyfriend" lol.
got that?? Lol been. Min. Been ruff out here in these streets lol. U ready to get back to it?
Or should I say good morning? You pick. I'm off to dreamland.
PLEASE FOLLOW AND LET HER KNOW THAT I SENT YU!! SHE OPENED FOR CODY NOV 19TH 2011
This social isolation is a bad nostalgia. Reminds me of my middle/high school weekends, but at least I can hope for catharsis at the end.
I'm trying to get in a birthday lunch at
WUDUP DOE GET SOON
she is so damn sexy!!!!
Just. Plain. Rude.
Always learn something new when I meet with I <U+2665> my smart, talented, and fun colleagues!
ah, thanks so much. can't wait to try them out. I'll let you know how it goes.
did you send me a message about someone spreading rumors? Or was that a scam? Just checking.
no I don't :( , , or might though! ~Kristyn
what is wrong? just email to manic panic. they will help you.
waiting inside
Tonight 12pm be there with and & in the mix on
#cubs have DeJesus on their side!!! Happy Easter!!!
Haha u welcome & thanks :))
ya for sure, did you get my txt? wasn't sure if it was the right number
Maybe I'll start being nice to you when you stop treating me like crap
So Annoyed!
Maybe not a good idea to tell the passengers your 'suspended license story,' Mr. SuperShuttle.
Saturday ! Two days away ! Can't wait ! Gonna be fun
are you sure... Never?
All the freaking time, no clue and I can't find any help docs about it. If you find anything, then please share!
HAHAHAAHA. I lol'd! oh my gosh.
don't tweet and drive!
Asiago dip from
don't hate...celebrate
MIA so we can gain a 1/2 game on the Knicks & finish this #PlayoffPush Strong...Let's get it..
This is to indicate that those 3 controversies (and one other) are still active today.
Getting my bellybutton pierced tomorrow =P Kinda nervous about the pain but I thinkl it'll be fine =) gonna take it like a boss with
and a come-hither fuck me look, pouty lips and oh yes something that accenuates your cleavage!
Dozen of patrons swarming your website!
Hey talk to me :)
Congrats to Ryan Duguid - The new VP of Product Management for ! Nintex is luck to have him!
We have officially reached the "I hate you, I want to die"phase with the child.... FANTASTIC I thought I had a couple more years, UGH!
Whimsy Press hosting holiday open today at King Plow, 887 Marietta, studio T-102. Save 20% on collection of stationery and more.
I GOT KILLED, that was the scariest 30 second sprint of my life. Partially because I'm half obese.
You, sir, look like one cool dude. How did you bump into us?
So...can I ask you? What do you wish you had known before IVF #1? I am nervous to start IVF.
yeah yeah... It's 2012... WHY SOMEONE WILL NOT HAVE A TWITTER!? I don't get it. Haha
I think they could slow it down a tad, sometimes. I guess the vibe around #Scandal is always hyped. But, a good show.
hahaha oh goodness. that's dangerous.
Just had the best Chicken Caesar salad (from CPK at the Phoenix airport) that I've had in the last 5 years.
#np "Play the Guitar" - B.O.B. feat. Andre 3000
I am excited about the JSA coming back this year.
it sure is HOT outside... but cool inside the studio... great day for a tattoo :)
hi guys i'm doing a webshow! - lauren
“ Happy birthday again, are you back in the dirty d” Thanks again!!!!!! & im omw now
Give American citizens the right to vote on the things that will change their lives drastically. Majority wins!
Things that are more important than homework: Checking my email.
Duty = shitty day --staying at this hotass hospital and not seeing my boy..........oohuckingrah -____-
Hope your weekend was great! RT : my pleasure have a fab weekend :-D xx
I was looking for a great #golf deal and I found it at A. #Groupon B. Not - LivingSocial C. #Eversave D. C. wins!
Still really windy in San Francisco and trees and branches are on roads making it tough to drive!
Thanks for following Ben! Looking forward to reading your tweets and connecting.
"I have a suggestion for a new name for the developing world. Let's call it the world." Hans Rosling
me too.
I'm gonna fucking kill you if you don't keep hiding from me
Not sure which song us worse-Call Me Maybe or Friday
right. That's cool though. Which one....
TY 4 including us in your top stories #Jerusalem #Israel ! We appreciate u viewing us as a source 4 sharing w/others!
I was still masked in my early 30s, too. By 40, I had mostly given it up ... except when I made a deliberate choice
exactly! Have to get payday loans to pay off the gas credit card... Sucks!!! I need a 2nd job for GAS alone! WTF
Nap time
you have definitely changed 's music preferences
your beats are ill yo... Keep it going
Who wants to live forever: those who do not believe in the hereafter
The presence of Christ in your life can make your challenges manageable when you are depending on his strength.
I have something to do with my club but if they don't call me by 8 we out....and I need a nap
I'm mentally preparing myself for tonight's game. So nervous <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0> Relax! Relate! Release! Let's get it
Looking for Cash Back or Points from credit card processing. Why not just pay less in the first place? Then take some extra perks...
“: S/O to I'll be trying to cop backstage passes to his concert one day!!!” only bc you passed me in soph English
": Atlanta's BEST attorney #iSalute" thanks if u live in south fulton or douglass
RT 18 out if 500 good news? getting better-few years ago 2 maybe- aging in!
JUST MUZZLE MY HEARTS OPEN DNT MEAN IMA LET U N
First act (play) Wow! Powerful.
Felix is gonna make me eat that tweet.
My deepest condolences go out to you, for tomorrow I shall not give a single Fuck :)
Can animals commit suicide?
If corps. are people enough to be protected by 1st amendment then why are they not taxed as an individual?
in the keek! oh awesome!(:
Your my everything. Follow me? I wouldn't be just another Mahomie wanting a follow. It would mean everything to me.<U+2764> Please?
Mort is reporting that he's been relieved of duties - Angelo fired? Wowser - does this mean end of Lovie Smith era?
#milwaukee What you shop at a hardware store do you typically go into the store knowing what you're going to buy? Or do you go to discover?
Have a Great Holiday " ...and God Bless Us....every one !!"
please follow me I love your show so much your such a great actress and singer!!!
And what top secret program would ever print t-shirts, complete with location and project name? But still an enjoyable episode.
I thought they stopped serving breakfast at 11.
Anyone have any creative German grilling recipes?
Let's hope Terps go for 2 if they score here! Fear the Turtle
Yikes. If you ever have kids then they will likely be Red Sox and/or Braves fans. Civil war.
Cause you need, you really need, and after, that everything gonna be fine.
is doing an AwESOME seminar. GO GO GO. Did I mention that you should GO!!!!!!!!!!
1000x thanks to Sens. and for helping to defeat the #KeystoneXL pipeline.
Oh no! Ready OK! LOL RT : #BringItOn is a #trending on the #Twitter.. What, what?! RT
Thank you for your "Like," & glad you like the head-shots. Have a good night, & perhaps we'll run into each other soon.
I am here:)
Tri Met never even kept my id dude gave it back before asking me to step off the train and I'm all NO why are you DOING this A
ion get paid to tweet, so I def. ain't finna live on this mug tweetin allday
RT : Having a blast at the after-after-party for
My son used to cut the pinkies and fuzzies in half so I didn't have to. EWE EWE EWE their backbone why do they have those
okc for the sweep !
Euchre in someone else's star = priceless
haha yeah dude i was talking to alec, and two kids joined yesterday who dont even know how to. and we need players
Thanks! I hope it makes things easier for everyone!
I did
65% of the rough cut is done! Another great day at the studio :)
Today just keeps getting better <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
crap just stepped on and popped my ice pack..are you allowed to touch that stuff... its everywhere :(
What happened when the cannibal bit off a missionary's ear? He had his first taste of Christianity!
Everyone go follow please! She needs more followers! Thanks(:
don't go. It's a trap!
I now have more followers than
Congrats Dan Menelly, '10-'11 , on being named VP of STEM Education at Liberty Science Ctr !
- Lack of pedagogical training is seen as problematic & TAs feel unsupported in using learning technologies.
yes! I'm getting a hoop to practice.
told myself i'd never again eat "less fat, more corn syrup" processed peanut butter like product, but it's all my boss has. PROBLEMS, MAN.
LOL yeah it left Austin 2 hrs ago, guess it's going the speed limit
It's a rainy Good Friday morning. Eggs are boiling to be colored later. Lamb cake mold is ready for annual workout :-)
we loved having you Come back anytime.
The Celtics beat Atlanta to stay 1.5 games behind Philly. The are still 3rd in the Atlantic.
you are welcome! LOVE your blog!
Front cova, back cova, pine, pages, titoh page! - my son, reading a book to himself
FaceTime in a little ?
it all starts with getting rid of that fatass at 3rd base though. Reynolds sucks
Look forward to meeting you! :)
Lucky for you, you have plenty of jerks to choose from!
Thank you SO much! I'm blushing :)
It is soo SAD
Atten: LA Artists Only, is currently booking for the weekend of April 7th. If interested please email
over-optimization == anything ranked above me.
6am call time with an hour and 1/2 ride..... Im so excited for her, it doesn't even matter! #happy!
RT The 3 Stooges being remade is a true sign that the Mayans were right...
Drawing a line in the sand and saying this is what you stand for and not wavering makes your stories resonate. It makes your stories matter.
#BandsILove Woe, Is Me
It's a packed house for the #CES keynote by CEO Paul Jacobs. Avg mobile user looks at their phone 150x per day.
Haha, love the transition from toys to microphilanthropy
I love you, too, Princess!!! <3
does DVRing it count...or do I still have to pay?
Happy Mother's Day!!
the one I was looking at were for therapists to do evals/probes
Physical therapy help to keep the muscles strong above and below the knee and help stabilize and range of motion.
I am pretty sure that I am in love with Parallels for Mac! I run Windows 7 Pro and it is amazing! And Coherence Mode / wow! ... Sigma out
The only thing I gave up was using.
I'm reading the Art of War and wondering if I can apply Sun Tzu's teachings to Pro-Love principles.
Apparently we live on the street that Halloween forgot . . . no kids. Sad. Too quiet. Pretty sure our neighbors will be TP'd tonight :)hehe.
#NW In Time this movie is crazy yo!!
New shirts coming in this week featuring artwork by our great friend, ! We're so excited!
Ready to get home.
Looking for #flowers today? We have everything you desire on 70th & North Ave
RT : Anyone tell me how tweet about daughter is NOT racist? Didn't think so.
Wait, does he know the topic???
I GET HIGH ALL DAY AT WORK UP HERE IN BOULDER CO. #420 THIS HITS FOR U GUYS MUCH LOVE Y'ALL NEED SOME WATER BOTTLES LET ME KNO.
#Badgers going for the title today. Go get 'em fellas RT : National anthem, complete. Final day of #B1GTF ready to roll.
Trivia night at Edison's yo!
Nice. You better watch out, that might become his new favorite piece of clothing.
Had a great #neara11 and now I'm enjoying a walk around chicago before leaving this afternoon!
#TennisTweetsFromBritainThatSayItAll RT Flip's sake, Andy Murray!
What do people listen to if it's not country or tech n9ne
BREAKING NEWS: Milwaukie police on scene of a grenade found in residential area. Bomb squad on the way to clear the device.
Eastern horizon aflame with glorious light, risen power brings new life to the day and the spring.
RT Apartment necessities: $130 launch party bar tab: $35, watching Return of the Jedi as a nightcap: priceless.
its the spot. Hot me with a DM when ur here bruh. You light up?
It's all over I found a better way to help keep you from me, I'm better off this way.
It was a Say Anything saturday night. Love that flick.
Done retweeting things:
Levi Strauss & Co reports 99.9%+ backup success rate. Pretty impressive given half its environment is virtualized
But bacon is so... bacony!
bad news for I'm sure. Sorry bud
Great to talk with earlier tonight! Excited about the great press you're getting. :) It's much deserved!
I feel like making a stupid purchase today
That dog has the crazy eyes!
If your following a celeb on here and you have to beg them for a RT or reply then you are desperate. If they wanna talk to you they would
So on fire and so in love, that look in your eyes that I miss so much, remind me.<3
I was going insane something was beeping in my house!..... It was my phone :D
I think the #Knicks should trade Amare for Chris Paul to Melo all day!
Heading to Chicago tomorrow! Counting the moments...whoo-hoo!
Lol, nobody's gon ever question his talent, just his heart and will to win
I am tired of thinking about you.
umadbro? just wait... just wait
the Louie Vutionn background. I'll take any suggestions you have to offer. Thank you Nationwideclass. Tweet! Tweet!
I guess the "Fat Toad" has croaked. That was Steinbrenners pet name for Hideki Irabu! That shit it funny!
Woke up late Shit
07/01/2011 - BUY "Little MAN-CAVE" Playhouse tickets
omfg. zach's tweet. )':
damn wish I was I SS we could hang! Is a nice day.
How can I perform with you? Your trumpeter Dontae knows me very well.
Kobe trying to get number six
We are curious to know...Should we add #smokingcessation to our program?
Rehearsals underway for this Saturday's performance of Mahler's Symphony #2 with the at the Smith Center. Excited 2 B part of it!
Agents at check-in wouldn't allow people to move forward to help them catch their flights.It was taking 15 min per person to re-book
RT : Combat poverty & support by joining the "Smiley & West" club. Check out member benefits here:...
Lake day tmrw??
game has me on the edge of my seat
Booze Camp Approved! RT: : We are drinking all day in Midtown. At Noshville now with screwdrivers & Bloody Marys
Ha, yeah. To me, DMB fans seems like Cubs fans w/their games. It's the atmosphere/party that's more important.
Hey everyone! Due to a scheduling conflict, The Punk Show is postponed tonight. We'll let you know the reschedule date ASAP! Thanks!
Big time! RT : it was fun but so HOT! Have a great week
Is it because they're trying to make the game safer or is it a kneejerk reaction to the bad press?
": LMAO @ that last RT lol"- I'm laughing with you that guy is an ass lol
shoutouts to the fans of ! you guys motivate him and care for him FOR HIM ! #TeamBaeza :)
Mixing has officially begun!
#UPEIAN105 A gentle reminder to read the Whitehead and Van den Berghe articles for tomorrow. We now return you to your regular programming.
how do you pronounce the thing with the sqiggly that looks like a q?
when people get on the bus loud as ever..
LOL! “: I was looking at your pic & I thought you had 6 fingers around that glass lol”
Watch yourself in there. I always over eat.
We think its an Island Style Lobster BLT-type of day. What are you craving?
Let's not be too hard on the #Cavs. This is the first game of a back-to-back.
#lakerhater --->RT : lol cool so quit tweeting me then
Omg this girl next to me is so loud shut up l0l
I forgot I blocked !!!!
This nap just made me even more sleepy.
We offer 3 euchre leagues in Columbus! Check out www.capitalcitysports.com and sign up FAST!!!
Which is your favorite crew so far ?
Silly me, thinking you cared
with him u know that u shouldnt with me you know that you should.
YAY Friday! Go team!
Umm, Today is Sunday.
please mike. Show at Cleveland HOS me and Mac will be first there :)
that stinks
Poised Creation is considering moving into the entertainment business!
#REPENTREDEEMRESURRECT 21 Days of Prayer and Fasting scripture for today: Matthew 28. JESUS is ALIVE and with YOU ALWAYS!
I absolutely agree with your article, but since Google just launched their "Groupon", perhaps they will re-energize the idea?
The fact that GMO products are not labeled shows that the industry knows consumers might choose not 2 buy these products. Scary.
I'd rather have a life of "Oh wells" than a life of "What ifs"
I missed this ..maybe I can catch it online somewhere...youtube?
If you a top notch bitch lemme hear ya holla
Name the top 5 best cities in the world to listen to good music!
jus did i fuks wit it
I changed, I went under this totally diff Lydia. When the dust settle I didnt know me and I couldnt recognize the me I became
mm thank so
Just DL'd that.. Lemme know if its worth my time | “: Bout to watch Contraband”
RT : It is Free For All Friday. Chatty Cathy Night. We are just going to have fun.
Wanna join Zipcar today? We're giving $75 driving credit to today's sign-ups! DM us for details
nah. Amanda is drawing it out to see if I like it first
what are you gurls doing?
oh yeah I forgot NFL <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
"you'll always have doubters!"
I always told RS my name was Ian Faith and gave my brother's address; I figured the catalogs would be like a Xmas present.
What a BEAUTIFUL day to come sit by the water & enjoy a fresh croissant!!!
Yes new icon of them so pretty :D
Riding the motorcycle on rain slick street, with muddy water filled potholes, and on mud slippery dirt roads
Hi Debbie. You're coming to SXSW? We're an Austin-based web startup and would love your thoughts from a mom perspective.
#yomama so dumb she bought a donut from the 7 11 an returned cause it had a hole in it
we may need some "war" themed bows. Is that available? I know, I know its strange Glitter Girls Pageants
Business is BOOMING! Is yours?! Hit us up to make an appointment for a FREE Marketing Consult with one of our very own! Call me @ 720-542-6…
Love new Optimum ad am seeing in NYC where old lady character is tech savvy. So nice to see senior shown as non-doddery & competent.
Not a huge fan, but I would think Mark Martin as well??
RT I invented four new karate moves while trying to get an automatic paper towel dispenser to work.
If you're in Ohio city today for the open air market stop down to and pick up Cellar Door Records Vol I for $5!
atleast ur saving urself two syllables with that one :-)
seems logical
#itsabeautifulworldbecause God loves us all.
15 minutes till #TeamAlton starts winning on
I think you just did.
having ridiculous crash issues since the update
Chupacabra strikes again at Farragut Square! All your favorites today, so come join us for lunch starting around 11:15!
RT : Tonight in MKE! Linneman's 10pm on Locust St-- Blueheels CD Release and mke band crush, Worrier.
I want to do something this week. At camp I was so used to doing stuff and seeing people every day. It's weird sitting around doing nothing.
Glad you're back. Now we can look forward to lots more 140 character entertainment from you!
Yeah I know, media believes the city when they say everything is fine with interoperability
I agree! I just feels weird especially when what I am reading is online or in a ebook!
Omg. Help me.
hope you r ok and can enjoy the wedding. Congrats to your sister!
"Milk spill" - cracked a smile from Boehner - finally
I'm jealous and so is my camera.
Ah its raining and thundring and im in a sun room and i am craving CHEESE..!!!!!
Same here Omar -- you'd think a DTS with a perfect voting record would be getting a ton of mail.
: I'm buying a giant box of condoms just so the cashier thinks I love to bang/hahaha! Do it! And take a picture of his face pls!!
So how's everyone feeling today??!
#FF (my deepest apologies for overlooking you earlier)
i know, the anticipation is killing me.lol
People have started casting their ballots. Stay tuned to find out who wins the #MadeInNY Beer Showcase!
I'm halfway to Des Moines. But I do love bacon. Stay classy!
FF My Canucks people!!!! Love from Chicago
Um, you blocked me....
a D-I-Y project can quickly turn into why-did-i (attempt to do this)?
done and done! Can't wait to read! Please send to
Been pretty busy tonight, apologizing for Party Rockin'
okay man. No problem :) I'm proud of all the great work you been doing :) have fun tomorrow filming ok?
Conscience is what hurts when everything else feels so good. ~ Anon
RT : Juan Vargas gets the Dem endorsement with 72%. Huge.
With a smile of Christian charity great Casey's visage shone;
Excellent leadership training on #change management today!
Milwaukee is a delightfully silly place sometimes: at the Landmark to watch Yellow Submarine on the big screen.
WITNESS! MT OH on Roosevelt Island "I may be a queen, but I don't like thrones"
what do they wear for we-still-smoke-in-the-capitol month?
Don't forget to join us at the happy 45 minutes. Happening now in ballroom D.
There is not to many things a woman can do to turn me off but this lace front shit has to stop!!!!!!
#atlsex is pretty funny
RT “: Follow now for blow-by-blow of Andy Pettitte's testimony.”
Turned Up!!
The smell of freshly cut grass >>>
"The best time to lobby is when you don't need anything" - Former Rep. Dan Mica #
JOSH FTW!!!! ARE YOU FRICKIN' KIDDING ME??? Wax my butt and send me down the slopes. That kid's sick. SICK.
Don't become the sponge that soaks up the rain of this world. But let us be the rock in God that nothing of this world can soak into
Ha. That was a fun moment. Thanks again. Really enjoyed your insights at last night!
haha it's not near as bad as it could be
Wow. I really don't understand the refs these playoffs.
thanks for the follow, nifty design, birthdays coming up!
Also on Thursday, March 22: Bridging to Belzer for our sixth grade families. 6:00-8:30 p.m. at Belzer Middle School.
Jim Farley is amazing! RT Yes :) RT : blown away by how CMO 'gets' social listening & letting fans...
Football practice again tonight will we get rained out?
I should have stuck w my original plan today...I'm so miserable!
We hate it when that happens. How the rest of your day perks up!
hey Ruby its little Jenna, u must be so sad that Alli is leaving. Promise to take good care of her back here in the states
where are you guys?!
Needed an explanation from our home office. So I got an e-mail...telling me to expect a fax.
Man, I've been deep in the shed. Writing and revising up a storm. I'm going to tweet an called "An Integral Take on the Blues Idiom" shortly
Congrats, Jaweed! Hope you'll be there for many more!
Yes! You're welcome. :) Happy the song found me and now you.
#lscon Performance Support transforming IT Application adoption. Embedded, contextual support. SFDC, MS Office...Stop by Booth 508
Didn't feel the #earthquake in Chevy Chase
: Very true. Context and tone should not be left to the screamers on TV
hi so my friend likes you alot!
its impossible to loose me -- you never had me...
contemplating why i became a lawyer
a guideline to legal sedation. Fancy terms for clinicians but What does this version truly mean for patients?
Happy Birthday to !
Thank you to everyone who made DC & #g2e worth the 5 hour plane ride. See you at Gov 2.0 Summit
Obama causing hella traffic
i taught a bon iver meditation/stretch class all laying on the floor.
Thats pretty cool. You enjoy rock mainly? :-) do you have access to youtube?
follow me please ?
Got a show tonight in Santa Monica. The Basement Tavern, 8:30 pm. Gotta love the west side.
“: ": lol"i do lol and my ppl stay in McKinney woman”lol idk anything about McKinney.
Christian Dan lost this week....What should his punishment be?? 222-6000
dear god
Anyone looking for an easy summer job where you get paid to have fun and party with friends? If so inbox me.
Hate leaving my mommy home alone "/
AMEN SISTA! RT : Maybe I should just stop talking to guys.
I would rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not. -Lucille Ball (My kind of gal!)
picosos family pack $20.99 enchilada casserole,pintof beans, pint of rice 2litter pop we deliver call today picososmexicanfood.com
Yes, the old tweetdeck works nicely for my needs too.
I need that hoodie RT Grab a bag from Cafe Press! http:/./bit.ly/o5v8yP
Do homework on the nature and extent of the demand for the skills, training, education, & experience within your chosen occupational field.
Loved the halftime show!
Hey you! Hope you have a great weekend!!!!
Ordered both- really interested in reading Quiet- that reading list just keeps growing -
I'm still at the office :(
Pick up packets for the Run Like Hell 5k at Phidippides Ansley Mall thru Wed 10/19. Check our website for hours (we are closed on Sundays!)
"The fortune is in the follow up." -Jody Johnson
So sick.. Bad cold sinus... Asthma.. Ugh.. Breathing over hot water. Hope this clears up soon
Bella, you love it....
lol, cool what ??
Life is a highway!
Gamecocks up 1-0 over Citadel after 1st. Jordan Montgomery pitching for Carolina.
Having our weekly staff meeting with our newest member, Jeff, who is an Anacostia resident. Our family is growing! :)
What is your English grammar pet peeve?
I take it your son's not a tweeter, Carol? U have my silence. Um, what's a cd?
"Without rest, a man cannot work; without work, the rest does not give you any benefit." - Abkhasian Proverb
People are rewarded in public for what they practice for years in private. - Tony Robbins. Woah... meditate on that nugget for a few :D
where you at?
lol i am , all alone tho
Chicken Enchilada Soup and Chilaquiles for dinner, Happy #CincoDeMayo !
#tips 5 Proven Tips For Getting Pregnant - Following This Procedures Can Help You Conceive
I pierce by appointment. Vern and Kyle pierce normally.
Right, I think it's one of those case by case situations.
That sounds pretty and yummy!
@ the falls SA come by I'll buy u a drink
Follow me cause I love the Janoskians! Fuck yeah! ;D
I just thought they looked like they needed a lemony-fresh scent...
#whatif you joined a community you had an instinctive aversion to, and involved yourself deeply enough to learn something valuable from it?
heh. I heard chatter along those lines :)
What are the odds we see Yost do his best Hal McRae impression during his press confernce?
So i guess the snow is stick to the roads? Hopefully it gets worse and we go home in the middle of school :D haha i'd be one happy chick!
way to go!
I'm putting everything in my life completely in Gods hands! #everythingisgoingtobeokay <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
u were with dezz right? Lol
Food wives actually know how to be faithful.
Nowak at today's press conference: WE'll see how NY does against Houston before we know the recipe for SUnday
Eggnog Latte <3
Why are you so gorgeous ? Can you puuuhhleasee share some? Kthanks(:
you get a pass BECAUSE you worked at the Spag Factory.
Who approved the $20million track renovation? All you need is a couple boxes of
No one wants to hear a slave hymn when theyre out drinking.
Amber! Please tweet me after your concert so I know you're still alive & sane?! =) hhaha, hope you're enjoying Chickenfoot!
can't cuz I still have school after that and graduation..I'll talk to tahir and figure out a good..
Very exciting! Do you know if the museum covers the history of Navy divers in Brooklyn?
Doug Melvin: PLEASE sign Greinke to a long term deal. Anyone who gets shelled consistently by a team's arch-rival is NOT an ace.
Did you make the cut? I hope so.
they won the super bowl with a shitty rushing game, obviously they should try and do so again!
I know you are. Your just cute.
Ron Faris: "Viral sharers of our branded content are 3x more likely to become our customers."
Betting on sports games make them so much more interesting.
RT Monday #Quote "I don't know what more you can say about a day during which you saw four beautiful sunsets." ~John Glenn
i shouldnt have manage my anger. people should just learn how to manage their stupidity
8 pitch first. That's called efficiency.
message me on fb!
Tomorrows delicious feature will be Southern Sweet Potatoe Pie! If you've never tried it don't fret bcuz we have samples! :9
Help need to be reviewed through yelp.com please comment about how delicious my cupcakes are I am know located at 7130 harding, 33141 thanks
Compare KitchenAid KHB100ER Hand Blender Empire Red Sale - blenders kitchenaid
:-D RT : Amazing 2 me how a smile can change a cloudy day 2 sunny. Truly 4 me. Smile at someone 2day... just because.
They can also sign up for summer camp at City rec centers that will host camps.
Hi followers how u tweet me when u get this mwa
I get all of it myself, mostly free by standing around team hotel in Toronto. Have paid for some, mainly the older players.
you licked your havd and put on my face.!!!
3) The only challenging thing about these games is trying to play without spamming friends or spending $$. That's no incentive to spend $$.
It's that time for Fantasy Football! Book your draft party at FOX Sports Grill this year. Contact Jen at 480-368-0369.
GOOD morning ! Join us for #EarthWeek on the Greenspace! :-) #SupportSmallBusiness. See you there!
having the best day!!
The Degrassi Drama T-Shirt!!!!:)
good job Thunder. bye bye Mavs!!!!!! screw you Cuban!
Thanks for the retweet! Look forward to seeing you at BK this summer!
Why do you wanna read the book if you know the ending.
Making #manicotti in cooking class
RIP Ryan Dunn
prince! How you been bro??
"Sports dramatically improved my self image & quieted the voice inside my head that told me I wasn't good enough" Geena Davis
reflects a degree of corruption in local government that needs to be addressed... Someone needs to look into the local government here...
Just tapped the Amber Ale. Come by and try a pint from one of SD's newest breweries!
halloween costumes: tonight, wedding guest; tomorrow, scorpio rising or senile old lady in fuschia; sunday, exhausted traveler; monday, ???
": it's gonna be my birthday party since i didn't have one in december xD" I WANT TO GO. \(^-^)/
Text You for Teens helps your teen learn their value and gives them motivation and self assurance when faced with everyday problems.
Uh Oh...I see you Rhonda hahaha making these late night check-ins
There is currently a 73 degree differential between the temperature in Houston and the temperature at my field site.
Too many people overvalue what they are not and undervalue what they are. – Malcolm Forbes
"He who has begun is half done. " ~ Horace
Why yes, I would like to accept these committee appointments.
I've been watching since episode one, but watch it at work on the low, lol! #Huck went #Huckrazy! LOL!
Come support NYC this year at their PROMISE BALL in November.
Lebron said he doesn't want to be the villain anymore, and he is acting more conceited than ever,makes me hate him
great organization
There's a story behind every person. There's a reason why they're the way they are. Think about that before you judge someone.
Follow me please?(:
So wouldn't an education/advocacy campaign about responsible dog ownership be more effective than increased liability exposure?
Oh what a tangled web we weave ...
Remember - even though the tree is lit and Festival of Lights is over - you can still FestQuest until 11:59pm on 12/4. GREAT prizes!!...
It's been like 50 degrees out here... (Winter my ass)... More like an extended fall. #aye but I'm not complaining! 8)
yeah- i had LAC in 7 games over Memphis. Who knows, but Chris Paul is hard to bet against. He wants to win bad
Today's society doesn't built or compose any1 it decomposes u like rotten eggs so dont be miseducated like the title LP of Lauryn Hill
Why brewers broadcasts are the best: there was a graphic about "the cubs way" on the Nat'l one. Uh, always losing?
"Success is not to be pursued, it is to be attracted by the person you become." -Jim Rohn #quote #life -- Petteri Tarkkonen ()
i would go & mention it to her an have a good time an leave
today was fun XD
dear Mr. Branson, here is something that every Virgin Airways employee should have...
are reaching their primes. Zbo is already in his. We just have to fill our needs at backup pg and bench
1972-1st day shooting on #Spielberg's film JAWS. The giant mechanical shark used as a prop was nicknamed "Bruce" after his lawyer
couldnt agree more!
I'm loving this switch up episode of #glee!
yes ma'am ill tell yhu all about it. Tell my bestfriend i said hey!
Tomorrow at school people are going to hate me because I'm going to brag like crazy about me winning these tickets!!! :D
Sweet dreams RT
just bought a pair of Tahari shoes :)
Hey! Thanks so much, my friend.
Here's hoping wins his Oscar tonight!!
no :( my aunt lives there but I don't think I will be visiting her until September
I cant with school anymore.
By Carter Maness The menacing hip-hop from 16-year-old Chicago rapper Chief Keef has been turning heads lately. Now, aft
People cant wait to shit on Tebow.
loves that Daniel Craig was on the Today show plugging Cowboys & Aliens and talking about the premier at Comic-Con in San Diego!
Selection Sunday! Selection Sunday! Selection Sunday! Selection Sunday! Selection Sunday! Selection Sunday! Selection Sunday!
It's called amazin
Got sick in school :p blah :(
... Good times. Thanks for moderating the fun panel Michael!
Kodak party, not a bad way to kick of my night.
Baby feeding me cookies
What a cool article about you in the Deerfield Review!
Financial loss due to digital piracy in USA (2010): 10 Billion USD
Not me!!! I would love to see them both back!!! They are crucial parts of the amazing receiving group!
Thanks for the follow ! I hope you're able to visit my house soon!
omg I love how you volunteered to share the boys room, only one of the girls with balls! LOVEYOUUU
New chiodos album is awesome
It looks to be based on Laurent Sansonetti's MacRuby project. Looks somewhat legit.
I'll make Heidi that scarf!
Headed to bar 4 to hear Ryan Ferriera solo guitar set. 9 pm.
how we gonna hit up extra terrestrial intelligence when we dont even things on lock down here
My birthdays next week.
It's too hot in LA :(
I'm glad I've learned not to think too far into things.
happy Friday to my friends; , , , ,
the creepiest part about it is you found me.. haha
thanks for saying you love us we love our followers and would do anything to make them happy
:-D get psyched, because I am almost finished with a cover of what's my age again. I know, different band haha.
Craigslist is awesome. $40 solid wood dresser, yay!
Is this worth it
To give someone a piece of your heart is worth more than all the wealth in the world.
_-|!_. G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
#TheArtist is incredible.I haven't read this, but isn't it partly about how talkies made foreign stars obsolete because they had an accent?
Great presentation for Big Brothers Big Sisters in San Diego at #SLA2012 #SLA12. Huge group here. Find a way to get involved and give.back
so over the 11-8 shift
Well...this just slapped me in the face! (as i'm chewing on Easter candy!)
ikr! I can't take the suspense! It's not good for my health! lol
80% of noncouch potatoes would like to get more exercise, but say they don’t have the time
#NoManShouldEver be left behind<3 I Love and Support our Troops<3 oohrah(:
#NickiOn106 is gonna b crazy, I love her,she's my idol. make it happen Nicki,leggo
I saw that jquery/template has been put to pasture. Do you know of a good replacement?
haha cause i'm not.
I personally would like to thank Julie for being the mother of my inspiration, a talented writer and an amazing friend. Gabi
Me too! My geekery is starting to show with all the excitement as well.
So Google is announcing all the things today, works for me.
Got engaged and passed her real estate licensing exam this week...I guess I decided to grow up a little.
I may just take you up on that!
My knee hurts and there's nothing I can do. Ugh. Don't dislocate your kneecap, kids.
Does anyone make latte deliveries in Dupont Circle for sniffly writers?
I need to be on a campus fugg shiit up
Renee must be sick because some non-mustached lady just sang the national anthem. No fist pumps but she did a good job
If someone looks different and you feel uncomfortable, do not mock him talk to him.
Going to get mom-mom from the airport. Last time she saw me I had just graduated from highschool!
So I'm still thinking should I post these two pics of u standing on the bus stop yesterday on rising Sun ave & Martin mills
Those I did play back in the day. AC still works I think. Syndicate only through nostalgia.
lol u like scared me !
I don't understand what you are saying...what do you mean not on the site on my profile?
Pamcakes are my favorite.
Everybody lies #house #so true
good idea!RT : Learn Spanish Tip: Find a buddy to learn with you. You can encourage each other or even play word games together!
not gettin cute stuff back<
Worked on the Jo book while eating chicken, rice and greens.
Its gotta either be you or Spuds McKenzie. I gota be honest, it'd be pretty sweet if Spuds was coming.
I got an agent!!!
our location in Rock Center would be thrilled to have you! (on the south side by the ice rink)
Snow Snow go away OKC Party Bus wants to play!
Shout out to << follow her pretty ass
Im Lovin Life #RT if you feel the same
#dailyfeedback Songs about fears - Dan Hicks David Bowie
A cloudy day in LA town.
is my new page follow :) it's awesome!
Ahahaha when did this start
Yeah..most of them dont even know what this argument is about..they are just tweeting me for the hell of it
Ohh Ok love you :*
Up and about to get straight to work. Music and money to be made.afternoon beautiful people
I'll take it! “: We have been saving up hours for four years and look what we got!!!! an extra DAY! oh. ok. um... thanks?”
hahah I wonder what they did before the show...
DM This is a test, Dennis. Want to see if I can do a DM right. SMILE
That hit to the temple that kid took was scary. Had a similar thing happen to me in high school.
#10reasoniloveniall because he is follow in my dream :)
Me too RT : I hate when I go shopping and I forget that I'm not skinny.
Never do today what you can put off till tomorrow. Delay may give clearer light as to what is best to be done.
The County Sup that represents Carmichael voted FOR the County parking to be a part of this #ESC effort because she's MY County Sup.
7pm TONIGHT in Monroe 116, talks about Come hear the inspiring story of the boys of Urban Light!
5: i did not stop getting btr airheads until i got them all and got all 2x 4: i am always copying style 3: i love dogs
Coming attractions: Government of the PAC, by the PAC, for the PAC. #whathappenedtomyvote?
Finally getting some Dre Beats. (-:
whats up shonda how are you
It's official: My old MBP is on the way out. The LCD screen is black and dead. To air or not to air, that is the question.
How you livin??
Nathan Ryan Is On Stickam :)))))
Another Challenge to patient engagement support systems design; HC people & organization involvement can vary greatly during patient journey
amazing storm! Huge down poor!
Stand-up tanning beds are the perfect opportunity to get your stripper on!
Wtf Im Finna Get In My Bed
Started reading. Got inspired. Started writing.
ravienna-note: A Youthful Mind
Glad you're enjoying it!
but your not getting that emotional attachment how you would with the person you love.
+1 RT The psychology of sports is fascinating. Especially with Hockey Goalies, Football Kickers, and Baseball Closers.
Adele's album, the best breakup music EVER. I definitely had crying and belting fests of this album...
#InCaseYouDidntKnow But I can also be the nicest girl you've ever met (:
I hope you follow back..:) !! Love ya!
my friend wrote on my wall each minute asking me if i was ready for boyfriend! YESS!! im so pumped!
Another HOT day in Denver, 100s today!! Heading to mountains for some cooler air!! SUNSHINE, BLUE SKIES -ENJOY!! Great day 4 photography!!
had such a fun time on set last week working on
Im gonna get a ticket to watch the talent show........ Hopefully
thanks for following
unless you don't leave early Sunday morning we could chill if you stayed til the afternoon
It's looking like a whisky and cigar night tomorrow. Any takers?
"My top schools were where I want to apply to are Oxford and the Sorbonne. But my safety's Harvard."
You're welcome!
Cool story bro.
People have been trying to find ways to stop Rush Limbaugh for years, but in one day he hung himself by his own petard.
It is love alone that gives worth to all things. Santa Teresa de Jesus
awwe thanks girl :)
Sweet! Thanks for sharing ;)
Is being a ginger a requirement on the flyers?
100th follower :) thanks
To work as a pollworker for the upcoming presidential primary, you must apply by 3/23/12.
You really do have an amazing life ahead of you! Remember that next time you're tempted to look back..,
#petpeeve annoying girl at the movie who won't stop talking about Brad Pitt and hot baseball players.
Hahah so so so bad...what another reality
Done. Good luck.
No worries. And you're right.
From now until the end of the survey will be posting bi-weekly questions for you to discuss. Use #SUSurvey to keep track (1of5)
Yes, dear freshmen, this is the place where you can 'rent the books'
Is Canon planning a camera that will compete with 30 plus mp?
It's the last day possible to renew my Hill pass, and yet, there is no line.
srry I didnt answer. I was eating dinner then hung out in my downtown lol
it's times like these when I don't enjoy your tweets.
Who wants to come over and cuddle?
Ugh, I am so sorry you got the #drupalflu I am glad you escaped unscathed!
We're doing it again this afternoon... performs The Beatles, 2PM at the Moore Theatre
Talkin all draft today
As for bdubs i'm saving that for Brit & Lauren again lol
Lets just hope I'll get over you.
RT Happy 107th birthday ! Doing great work across the globe for over a century.
., how about making former Sun 's one-handed grab of a ground rule double at #DbacksGiants a #ScTop10? ~ Sincerely, Phoenix
We are in dire need of baby blankets for cribs. To donate call our office (305) 637-6711. Thank you! Please RT!
Im a give it to you al night long.
I know!!!!! I didn't have to wait :D
ugh I know right!!! So frustrating -- I woke up at 11:30 and was like what the hell... Already?!
Rich Cordray of encouraging states, feds to work together to curb abusive debt collection tactics by repeat offenders
me too bitch
Count me in, kids.
It hurts to see you hanging out with other girls. :(
Perfect, will give you a call soon !
looks like i am going to Lorrettas to bring home some medals this year. 2 straight months of training and no beer.. damb...
Back from Arizona and home to a chilly Milwaukee.
. man how good were those cheeses? They look awesome
Oh I get it. So if you're parents are important you get special privileges even if you don't deserve them. I call foul.
I think I've seen that guy hanging out around the ball pit.
Austin's new cover was so amazing<U+2665>
Aw, thanks, Becca. And I agree - this series is always so informative. (I still need to try Sockerbit!)
So True. RT : "There is only one success – to be able to spend your life in your own way." – C Morley
Your ok this morning?
When people type like they have no sense <<<
Already overwhelmed by iphone4s updates, thoughts, etc...enough!
Has anyone ever thought wtf gum is? It holds things together, fixes cars, sticks to anything yet we chew it for hrs n nothing happens to it.
EEK! It's Friday the 13th!
Wishing Miss A Happy 30th Birthday!!
I hate feeling alone... cant wait until he gets home!
Thank you! Feel free to DM us if there is anything that we might be able to help! Have a great week:)
Great shot!
Avengers sold out. My brother works at this theater and told me when to get here...
RT "Every sale has five basic obstacles: no need, no money, no hurry, no desire, no trust."
girl im in the same boat with v-day... only an eh.
Soul meets soul on lover's lips. ~ by Percy Bysshe Shelly ~
RT : Did she..did she just call someone a child??-The Audane smh
DMEcollective.com We the TRUTH!!!
We hope the #LTDArmy is having a great day today. Check out our "EVENTS" page. We've added another show. Plus, tickets for Soulfly are here!
Yo man! Just got migrated to my new twitter handle. Hit me at
Zombie killing right off the bat! Yes! That's how I like it!
Ok I need to tweet more
Oops sorry
Seriously. Imagine 7th grade movie theater makeouts except on the sidewalk in broad daylight. On the crowded metro.
hahah. But, you should let Tori know you weren't laughing at her. She was really upset.
That is so great to know! I am always concerned that that talk is too remedial and everyone will be bored :D
Movie night...
Who are some of your favorite dancers and dance companies you follow on ?
Do they have cookies? RT "oh, I'm going to the special hell..."
Nice work. I can hear the man-hours.
waiting for her to "rock my shit" i dont see my shit being rocked lol
4 Ex-Badgers #RyanSuter & #CraigSmith in NHL playoff action right now on
Party Of Three sings Britney, Whitney, Madonna, Gaga & more w/Tom Shaw on piano, Roberta Drake on drums Martuni's SF 5/5 7pm
What’s your favorite scenic overlook in RVA? The Belle Isle pedestrian bridge and Oregon Hill overlook both provide fantastic skyline views.
“: catchin some z's in the library?” you interrupted my REM cycle Baby G
With my mind on my money and my money floating around in the lining of my jacket.
Good god...
My nite just got better. WAY better. RT : I will be live tweeting the #Oscars!!!
I love the alien picture. Nice!
Since you're young and innocent, I'll be kind.
well, you can thank idiot voters who refuse to pony up even a fraction of a percent for new taxes to pay for things like education.
Just used Google's +1 button to "like" a new blog, Rescuing Reading - worth checking out if your kids use the Lexile system
Brand new video http:/Youtu.be/OzqY5u1H2tU
i.e. missing Wavves
This has been a weird week.
Holiday Help is available www.SendaCake.com and www.PatricksCatering.com Mention this tweet for additional savings...
You are so welcome!! I can't believe it, she is a grown dog now and sweet as ever!! It makes me so happy :-)
Started listing to podcast... I like it.. I like it a lot!!!...=D Keep up the great job guys..=)
Village at St. Peter&#39;s Housing Presented by the Diocese of Camden Celebrates Occupancy
Totally missed that it was Groundhog's Day today:/ Whoopsie! What did that fur thang end up doing???
it's because we're awesome, but you already knew that.
XOXO, thank you lady!
How are you dear?
I know the world isn't fair, but why isn't it ever unfair in my favor? - Bill Watterson
“ Act Like A Lady, Think Like A Man!”
kids/music/work. We drop a new mixtape 5/29/12 called Commencement. We been workin really hard on this one !
At the Nat, watching the #IndyGrandprix. Still cool to me that these are the swimmers we'll see wearing USA in London.
Are you a labeorphilist - a collector of beer bottles? If so, pick up a Dundee Variety Pack this weekend to add to your collection.
both white wine & salt work, it depends how bad the spill is
Yay for Hunger Games and BIG yay for the gym!!! I'm going to HG tomorrow.
Red lobster date with tha boo :)
Why thx sweetie. Not a mom, but I'll take the compliment. Xo Hope you have a good day tomorrow.
#Mets need to make sure Chipper retires.
Tell me about it. I got elected.
who u wit
A wise man will make more opportunities than he finds.Francis Bacon
Don't hurry, don't worry. You're only here for a short visit. So be sure to stop and smell the flowers. - Walter Hagen
Come on in. Sell away. (But goats, in my experience, eat everything in sight...bad for biz?)
Selena is not to Will you give me number the Justin Bieber (your boyfriend)
"Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds". Gordon B. Hinckley
What ? They've been telling the cheerleaders that for decades ;-)
happy birthday brah
Thank you everybody for the birthday wishes. It means a lot. Thank you so much!
I would never make fun of synchro, I almost drowned once too!
Give us a shout if you want to know more about what we do. We're about to launch our #beta program! Wish us luck!!
Got clobbered at the #blackjack tables at today. Wifey doesn't seem to mind the hit, so I won't either.
i groups of people who make road blocks on the sidewalk by all walking next to each other..single file please
Don't talk about it, be about it!
Yep. Body & Soul came on on Tuesday, May 1. :)
Seeing your stickers everywhere- thats awesome.
hey what are u doin
Head Nigga In Charge
Already sweating.
in Ted we trust, he knows who and what he wants, solid players, superbowl
I need to know if the rumors I've been hearing are true, are you gonna be working with I please get an answer
aww thanks. last time he had a concert here in ny i didt get the chance to go and now tht i hve a 2nd chance idk if i can go
Let go BOW
Is it Opening Day yet?? Left field remains intact:)
just got this... Tell phoenix 2 hour flight to cancun from atl.
Finished the final touches on my manuscript, Predator's Tongue. What a blessed relief.
COMING UP NEXT - CRY BABY ON THE DJ QUE ELEVEN SHOW
Question of the week: Who's dumber? Bynum or McGee
Today…IS FREAKIN' FRIDAY ! Hope this weekend is pretty legit !
I like that quote too, but sad that it came from someone who killed himself. Would rather he vented a bit & lived
I would travel more by #bus if the companies wouldn't think that an aggres. sweet smell throughout the bus would be a good idea.
love that! Questions that don't require prior knowledge, but get to key themes of exhibition.
I liked i'm Roc Steady
“: RT Mavs seriously OUT OF SYNC! #LetsGoMavs <out of control too BIGTIME.
oh, whiskey.
... Wish I was with all you lovely people!!! Love and miss you Kayla and Bim !!
Thanks for the follow! I haven't been on here in forever! :)
I can only imagine :( .. But wats good for u is tht u have a strong supportin cast behind u :)RT taking it one day at a t
Tomorrow we've got 2 exciting events: Interfaith Worship Service @ 2 at The Jefferson. HeLa discussion @ 4 at The Paramount!
has anyone told you that you look like Tim Ferriss on this pic? Anyhow, thanks for the follow. I look forward to your tweets.
emotional and captivating performance on re-pete.
Hah, last tweet s/acting/action/ — it had lots of acting. :)
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do."
don't be alarmed - just a new twitter avatar. now with more beard.
thank you i saw the two homers just figured they must have been in the park ones
Thanks to a wonderful for the homemade chicken noodle soup!
2 Big Games tonight! NCAA B-Ball and LoCash Texas Holdem. Stop on By. JC
u see em
The works of God are appreciated best by other creators. Leonardo Da Vinci / Be creative every day & get closer to appreciating your God.
Lol my room mate is moving out after 2 months, now accepting new applicants aha
C'mon San Jose State fans, act like you've been here before... er, well ok storm the field, all 308 of you
You're definitely going to want to be here May 19th! You won't find better specials anywhere else! More details to come...
The guy in the picture was I busted him right after the picture was taken (sorry).
soft cheese....with a spoon
Lets Go Greenbay.
I love you too... Same here girl
I told you I was a klutz. Currently icing my bleeding shins after a midnight run-in with a luggage rack.
Victoria's Secret
Considering covering the SCF next month for Please,
Need clip of all the death scenes both avoided & actual to satisfy my homicidal tendencies.
Parents are just as bad about drama as teenage girls
Oh your welcome and that sounds good
: "small word vacation" with "a case study of a twitter network for the homeless"
the birthday card I said I would make... And I just need a video of you singing to complete it......................... Ha!
it was a fun show & everyone shared great energy
I work so much til when I hv down time , I feel as if I don't hv a life :(
You take away the pain I thank you for that, and when I get the chance I'll pay you back - Mac Miller
Gurl nt me and im bored af need to be sleep tho
ain't that the truth! #rightbackatcha ;)
Hello Austin!
La Cofradia will be closed on Monday, July 4 th in observance of Independence Day.
Despite the stupidity on my TL imma enjoy this mosley alvarez fight
As long as it keeps raining with no lightning out thunder I'll be ok
MT : just proclamed today as GENI World Resource Simulation Center Day!! :)
We're going to shop some labels for our next album. Who should we talk to?
Oh wow! Thanks! Will respond to that twitter interaction... Btw, <3 your programming efforts!!!
but they were also on too
#thatcamp #pmt all day, feel free to ignore my tweets today
follow bakk love
Long time not on here. :')
Today's affirmation: My life is alive with vitality.
What is the worst thing you were told you did the next day but don't remember, ?
Still trying to decide on a fav IL app it's a little daunting.
Hey thanks for following! Let's not be strangers (:
So crazy it's only 8:45 in Hollywood! Part tee!
A fantastic time with much of the cast and crew this weekend Creek Inn! Real conversations and human hearts in full. Beat that!
wish I coulda hung out longer. You have a beautiful family and it was great to hear everything is going well.
irs my #DREAM to get to hang out with for even an hour and he dosent even know i exist :( I LOVE HIM <3
For those of you self-publishing, I have to say that my experience with createspace has been extremely positive if you're looking at options
Will see you guys soon v
Thanks La La
Wings and Canucks got bounced early.
#49 Bro, Gods love is only rivaled by His wrath, one day it will be poured out on sin & anything attached to the sin will be destroyed.
But there are four or five which really tap into the human spirit...I have always found them gorgeously moving.
I prefer Holiday. Holidays represent to me Thanks giving through New years-> multiple holidays
hi George! Sorry I was on a call earlier. :)
Did We Lose Likes ?
So yeah, that stark disparity in +/- between Heat starters and Knicks starters I mentioned in the third quarter? It's out of the box now.
Woah. 5* defensive end Jon Allen is visiting this weekend. Safe to say Urbs has a defensive line fetish.
Only 1 more day 'til #ArtLook map launches, helping you discover which have #ArtsEd programs.
have a day!
Going to NYC in two weeks! any free time?!
follow me!
I'll be there!
Huckle STUMPED?!? Is this the episode where Huckle finally gives up & goes on a heroine binge?
Creating this online site is suuupeer long, 3rd day and counting
ESPN News - Yankees closer Mariano Rivera plans on coming back from torn ACL, says "I'm not going out like this"
A book must be an ice-axe to break the seas frozen inside our soul. Franz Kafka
"Her face is pale with anguish. She gives a cry of joy when she sees her son."- GOLD
Just ordered my Sweatshirtt:)
Issue w/ meeting someone w/ the same name as a character, is then I think of that person. Thankfully, my character was already a redhead!
I mean a bicycle. I don't think I could handle a motorcycle:)
A 9 year old in an upper class neighborhood just told me that life is hard. I feel obligated to concur now.
the world is a beautiful place! :)
Really? You are still tweeting press releases in 2012?
Think you're funny, think you're smart. You might be good looking, but you're not a piece of art.
using different handwriting to disguise the origin of ideas? #thatcamp #pmt will find you and make you talk about it anyway.
I will be there!!
Where is the #sunshine?! Cloudy and gloomy isn't working for me #Indy!
never too old, that's just a bad attitude! I gotta do me, so I'm on it. You're more than welcome to join, but I won't bug.
My heart is beating fast for the celtics
there's always another chance Dr Walker God bless
$earching for a degreed Credit Analyst candidate in Prince George's County, MD w/ min 5 years exp. $end resume to
The hubby's away so it's junk food and bad horror movies for me! ;-) Any suggestions, tweeps?
me: im gonna go to bed so i can wake up early -9pm me: *on tumblr* hmm wasnt i gonna do something? -11:20pm
Dan, give us a call. We would be happy to help you obtain your goal using a Clicgear Cart. 888-742-2542.
serves people right for listening to a dead civilization in the first place
WASSUP MUHFUCKA WHERE MY MONEY AT?
oh my gosh i cannot handle the cuteness of niall james horan plase hold me
sheesh, had nightmares all night.
": I LIKE TURTLES AND THERE IS NOTHING YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT #SPECIALK" YOU KINDA SCARE ME
Lunch special: Pepper-seared Tuna, shiitake whipped potatoes, green beans & port wine sauce $14.95
Come on #kaseykahne!!
contact me at , I have a bad email address for you from Kevin Holt, from business card.
Totally going to bed, this time... Note to self: ignore phone if chimes..
Did you fly into San Francisco or San Jose airport? Thanks!
You can email me at
im getting paid to go to Vegas in two weeks :D
Side effects of marijuana include watching all of Jurassic Park 3 on TV with commercials even though you own the Blu-ray.
..."Thanks fans, honestly didn't know I was close to 1,000 until I saw a fan tweet..."<NO...Thank YOU Curtis...
We got a grant from the Heinz Endowment for our 2012 Season!!!!
Went to bed last night feeling fantastic. Can I carry that feeling through today?
"On the wireless"?
The man who is swimming against the stream knows the strength of it. ~ Woodrow Wilson
I feel better now! =)
Alabama Arkansas I do love my ma and pa
Ready for some Rodeo!!
i love u & would love for u to perform on any sunday you're in LA. Roseanne, Sandra B, M Cho etc all have. Will u?
Joy - we have to redo all our newly created tutorials for #SP7 for #SP8. Love new interface but would have liked advance notice of change.
<<<<<getting paid!
Loved the surprise MB! you're the best :)
bout to get it in in dis gym nigga
if only you saw what I could see, you'd understand why I want you so desperately... <3
I really want too really soon ! :x
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset when my tweets don't get retweeted, fake twitter users, and when food doesn't taste as good as you expected!
Thank you for the great tweet today, Alexis - happy #FF and hope you have a lovely weekend!
these pictures came out on the right day tbqh.
please follow she is you biggest fan!50
I got a Galaxy U phone on wednesday evening. although trying to root Samsun Galaxy U, I had a difficulty to figure out a rough instruction.
aha yea i miss,dat</33
Just because ur cute/sexy doesn't mean I'm attracted to u. U still have to be able to have a convo wit me. Intelegence is more attractive!!
Without Batman (DWade) he would never win a chip. So if he does win congrats on that, but for me he will never be in the..
RT : What do my Tweeps like seeing pics of? So I'm not "boring" lol ( Wins, TDs, Cool Catches, you know the norm from a WR )
My mom just made me sweep and mop my bedroom floor. What is this shit !?
Yup. Been here since Wed night. Good conference so far.
#Lovechronicles.....very hood...but interesting movie...low budget-funny shit.....Ok going my ass to bed..Holla!.....
Just saw and rookie but was too shy to ask for a picture
Might Try A New Swag
on the phone with and :D
Smile at each other, smile at your wife, smile at your husband, smile at your children, smile at each other - it doesn't matter who it is
I would LOVE to like you but my hatred grows stronger everyday.
Depression & QLCs run hand in hand. Check out stratejoy.com & the 4 gutsy girls blogging about theirs in real time! :)
No matter how wild it seems 2get, how hard to stay on top of everything, stay close to your gut. Move at your pace. And it will be all good.
Well, besides almost getting killed on a dirt bike.
You know it's a short #audition trip when ur airline sends a check-in reminder for ur return flight before you even arrive.
#CAEconomy Is the forum PowerPoint available online so that we can share with our stakeholders & constituents?
yeah I remember talking about you having another boy. You're gonna do great! A mini geathersgirl? How cool is that?
i'm finally getting over this cold that kicked my ass this week....i guess I shouldn't have run around the city half naked on halloween...
you could join us wherever we go...
I had a blast too. Great to see everyone. Can't wait til summer
im with a Spanish chick if she ain't fcuking, adioss
What's everyone been up to?! anything exciting going on?! Have you bought Bluey's single #ComingBack yet?!
Am I the only one who has to work today?
Awesome #frankfever hashtag! Frank Romano is a dynamic speaker and a true asset to the #print industry!
If Celtics win this game...
#iWANTiLIGHT It has 2-3 full body uses and results that last 6 months. Excellent. It's for me. Saves me Time and Money.
Dateline: Casablanca. Taking well-earned break solo, poolside, guidebook to Ghana & icy drink at hand.
Q and A time(:
RT : thank you so much for supporting me today guys! ^.^ i ...
yeah it's free.
okay! I'm only hoping to spend like twenty bucks max tomorrow
Not all who wanders is lost...
Monday Feb. 6: Professor Skip Battaglia will be leading a discussion of “The Artist” + “Car Crash Opera” after 6:50 film Tix $5.00
Have women recovered from seeing The Rock back in WWE action?
I heard the "I <3 Music Festival" was super good. Wish I could've gone..
Keith Jarrett proved tonight once again that he is a living legend. Reminded me why I love music so much.
When playing the keyboard, a good technique is to sway your head back and forth and smile, as though you were Stevie Wonder.
Awl Aye Dew is Nguyen.
thanks for following us as well! We'll take a look at your website for our program
"Language buries, but does not resurrect."
Do you have a collaborative learning page? Looking for models for collaborative groups K -12. Thanks!
I'm serious ok what did the word start and end with
Just finishing blog entry. Realizing that my blogs vary on my mood. But maybe that makes its relatable. www.risaperis.wordpress.com.
- Account fixed!
i know you really want me i hear your friends talk about me so what are you tryna do without me when you got me where you want me (;
Follow us and we follow u..check us out.
Anthony, thank you for the wonderful shout out! I will do the same.
I ever got knuckle tattoos what would they say? The answer I gave back in 1987 is the same one I gave last night: "sink" and "swim."
I seriously had a dream last night about scooping ice cream during a zombie apocalypse. thanks,
No she did were going to the zoo tomorrow morning
Thanks to for the great drinks again last night. Some of the best cocktails and margaritas in Pittsburgh.
Our new website will be unveiled at Wed eve Town Hall Mtg, 7pm, Preston Hall, 25 W Preston St. Free parking at lot across Maryland Ave.
I love this quote. Especially now that I am almost done running myself into the ground to get our film finished!
Going to see tonight!! #PlotYourEscape #NOLA!!!! Thanks Richard!!
BIG things happening! Team #nosleep this week! Cant stop, wont stop! Very fortunate 2 have AMAZING ppl in life helping me reach my dreams!
The work does with Yao Ming is incredible The caliber of publication they have him in, in retirement, is so impressive.
nobody feels bad for north Carolina. Nobody.
Is there a magic exit button on an #emotionalrollercoaster? #Idon'tlikethisride
thanks for the follow :)
Thanks Bro! RT Ain't nothing too it but too do it!
Wingharts was a success today - thank you all for coming out!!
Tomorrow-April 27 Earth Week: Bring any reusable bag to the Bookstore & get 20% off your general merchandise (excluding electronics&food).
:D RT : The word "bootylicious" was added to the Oxford Dictionary due to the immense popularity of the Destiny's Child song.
Nap time.
are you at the office?
It's never a good idea to fall asleep on the bus. #yearbookpictures :/
Eugene! I miss the boyz
Be grateful for what you have, don't be greedy and show your love for everyone to see, love yourself - Jessica Garrett
Cheryl Metoyer tells me about the various iSchool research topics including: Indigenous tribal communities in the US, (1/2)
Watched the Cotto vs. Margarito fight. Wish they would have let it go all the way. Cotto didn't really hurt Margarito just messed up the eye
Oh yeah! #facepalm and I are promoting for them at the 30th, then they are coming home with us the next day
A Tribe Called Pancake?
I'm watching America's Got Talent ADORABLE!!! What happened to your dad Howard Stern? lol
go get 'em!
You'd think laughing at it means you're not *actually* offended. You just think you should be.
haha! You love southern girls, eh? I will certainly keep in touch! I enjoy y'all! We just have to meet! (:
told my (7 years' junior) BF that I was asked to be Vanna White during #mw2012. he said, "Who's that?" ~facepalm~
hey how are you
My friends Feike and Larry just got the new #iPad delivered here at work. I think I turned visibly green as they opened them.
Tip: A reliable contractor will be fair with their prices, not necessarily the cheapest. The work will have integrity.
On my way to watch Kari and Weston at the shooting range.
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The law does not allow you to stop allowing kid visits because the other parent stops paying child support.
RT : the girls hair on the "tough love" show with the red hair>
Whenever I'm lost, I climb to the highest point, and look for the miller sign.
Everyone F O L L O W she follows back!
How many titles does your roommate edit? Seems like every Marvel mag I read lately has her name on the masthead.
Watching the Lakers with Mike Brown reminds me so much of the Cavs. Talent all over the floor with as much flow as my rapping skills
I hope the asshole who kicked in, shattered and destroyed the news box at 24 Hr Fitness downtown dies a slow, painful death.
warm clothes!
Lauren Hill concert tonight with my lady
yes. gaufregourmet at hotmail dot com. Or through our website. ;-)
ActorStuff: Please never post on any social network that your scene partner is stealing your laughs. Bad, bad, bad form.
Hell has no fury like a conniving bitch
Did my mom just call me queen frostine?
I shouldnt be an option, I should be a priority. I'm so tired of this.
#Dollywood in the morning!! Cant wait! Danika's 1st time! She is so excited! :)
Pray for London
Reflecting on some bizarre musical dreams these past two nights. Only bizarre b/c I didn't know my subcons. even knew that much.
If I lay perfectly still in my bed the murderer in my house won't kill me.
Yes I am! What is your all time favorite place around Milwaukee?!
omg dude they look new wtf xD I thought you meant like beat up shoes with holes and stuff lol
THANK YOU . I Love You Now Lmaoo . Album Is Great :D .
You tried for years? So that means you can murder babies in their cribs now (numerous times!!). Stop terrorism or die. your choice
19 days till the Wisconsin recall election
RT My wife and I love ! Enjoy!
MWIP trying to run...
Not Scruffys, Bill bill's. Youre too young.
Unfollow this page it got hacked n follow my new one
What Happen Cuzzin ?
please share this on twitter thank you
Austria = Cat's future home?
Thanks ! We will celebrate and drink excessively at formal.
Right on! Thanks for the follow. Go #LAKings!
great. Took a little while to get everything set up but so far so good. And I really like the new area
Why hello, 2-0 lead! Mr. Chimera if you nasty!!!
There are so many rap battles on my flip cam.
cutting myself off from twitter early tonight!
Finally saw Salmon Fishing in the Yemen. Excellent film! The acting, writing, originality....brilliant! What did you think?
"Have I had too much coffee?" was the second question I asked myself. The first, of course, was, "How long have I been beatboxing?"
Haven't been back since my internship in 2003. #Sigh RT I can certainly agree with that thought! I love WDW.
Bad Girls Club is on tonight! ;)
hehehee hi, I legit starting laughing lol
you really should give me a henna tattoo! give me a sleeve , haha ;D<3 <3 xoxo
It's over and done with . Just go away .
Dear Cupid, Please work on your aim. Sincerely, still single
there and everywhere else!
you said loose
How has Tarczewski looked at the event? You expect an immediate impact in college? One and done??
Keep that wondering mind wondering.. Love that wait.. Like genuine said SO ANXIOUS...
yusssss.. yeah joe im up for it. good shout. ill set it up now. any1 i should exclude, this time around??
Devoured that sandwich now I'm feeling sick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
flurries and rain... the end is near!!!
When a Sunny/Rainy Day Like This Makes Me Feel Relaxed
Imagine: Ur ln the bed with Mikey and he screams "BABY GIMME MORREE!"
“: not sure....but if I were him, I'd be about 17 deep on day 1”.
the internet is so fukin slow!
Went twitter makes you stop! Does it ever? RT : How many tweets per day is too many?
diet coke.
Thank U!!
Something about marry she gone off that
ps - wish more 40(+) kept in such a fine shape - wouldn't have to lust at the boys that could pretty much be "my sons"
lol I'm off Friday - Monday tho
learning about trythedream!
VDN you may want to get MO' Williams out the game
Thank u sir. Yea been gone for a minute.
2 for 1 Drinks for Ladies at Opal tonight!!! Get at it, ladies!!!
#1Seed baby! Hell yeah!
Movie recommendation is Jamie Lee Curtis in "Prom Night"
Guess what??? I just tweeted! Lol
Don Paul is on the First Ward Parade Irish Drinking Team. Amazing.
Tough break for Narveson and #Brewers. Estrada has earned the #5 spot with good spot starts last year and this year.
dang, College Humor is killing that category.
awesome performance in 400 final!!! Congratulations!! Xx
Days like this....
Hope'n make that trip today. Missin shorty like crazy!
Oh, I'm such a freaking clutz..
Top of the morning!
I hate when that happens. I wish I could just empty my mind.
Well Just fell asleep. That's nice. I might go to sleep now or later not really sure
Finished going over the proof and tonight I get to go on my first real date night since the baby was born six months ago. Put Put Golf?
that's pretty amazing stuff you came up with(:
True...then there's always the smartphone! :) Looking forward to Vegas this fall.
Women will sell there souls just to buy some attention -Wale
It's 4am and just finished jerking. Clearly i kick ass!! um what is Jerking? please explain how you "kick ass"
2 hours an the I'm on my mini vacation!!!
An interactive night of beer and food samplings, beer history, trivia, and home brewing tips lead by a local beer expert!
: have a great weekend Gale!
#femtechnet what topics would u want in a big ole open access feminism/technology course?
im soo sleepy! :(
stop at Monty's after the fishing Tournament & wear your Life Vest to support
C u 2mrw!
: morning ladies
how do u remove an account from the app?
In other news, I'm now a tweety bird... so sayeth your boys ;)
Let's chill soon!
Loud!! Weed in my joints.....Gun play" im on point
yay I can't wait to see you
Watched Galaxly Quest and took a nap (no, not at the same time).
On a scale of voldemort to pinochio, how big is your nose?
How many times is it appropriate to say "What?" before you just nod and smile because you still didn't hear or understand a word they said?
": Focus on what's lies ahead and not what you've left behind."
We Wish You a Very Happy Easter!
I cant wait to see !!!!! She's opening the show with David guetta!
I see them D: I want to be the sand under their bodies Jackie!!
I'm still unsure what that is,but I'm super excited
Blue Moon Drafts are just $2 all day today. Enjoy!
You are wonderful because you are a human, doing this thing called life with the rest of us. That is enough!
Have you done any new tracks with Dmx? That intro to LAX was dope!!!!
I hope you both have a great time! I'm very excited about it.
thats a good way to put it. i have not found anybody good enough =] im glad you did, how is steven?
Life's to short and to good to worry about people straddling the fence.
thank you soo much! so kind of you Eileen. Plz be in touch
Am I the only one on here that doesn't like basketball
"Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose." - Yoda
IPFW&#39;s Hospitality Program Receives Prestigious Recognition
- I don't see any Tea in that pic.
good job responding like days later
Watchin spongebob again i wonder if ima wake up on time
I wish it was great.. Oh well! I'll get weave. Aha.
Such a nice day outside. Maybe you should drop in, get a book, and go read in the park?
This child of mine is doing the most smh
Did you want a Mac or Windows version of CS 5.5?
I'm going ta bed fuck this shit I'm too old
Joe Flacco doesn't scare me.
Kiss your girl on the forehead...bet it makes her smile
I feel like it is. More reference points around to make it "feel" like you aren't moving as much.. even though you are.
To bad someones time is short & i missed that call sure I would've enjoyed the convo
Oh God, I gotta start blogging again.
I'd love them 2 ask any of the hard working folks who lost their jobs if that ad is unfair.
You mean because there is no such thing as a holiday weekend for writers? We're always working!
Homework: define the amazing experience that people will have with your product says at
like the idea of cleaning hands before. What do you use at night that is safe for electronics?
Yes! Boudreau's Bitters (cherry) are available at the bar. $15/5oz. New menu tomorrow, come check it out and grab some bitters!
aspiring/testing the waters. Would love a low paying regular to give me a deadline! I work best under pressure. :)
I want someone to love me so much, they're blind to my imperfections.
Hi it depends on our client however, we usually won't recruit a person back 2 back within the same month. But keep applying :)
I wish Santorum would answer questions directly…
villian is a bad guy, like in a movie the killer or a mean girl. I got to be a witch in theater when I was little, so fun!
Yeah #Butler!!!! #FINALFOUR HERE WE COME!!
Awesome! Was that your first time there?
I had to. lobbed that one up for me.
thanks for all the mentions. We can't wait to begin serving Sac.
how do u have all this time for twitter lol
I maintain property taxes are probably the most unimaginative possible solution to the problem.
At da park wid my son; son and mom time
Great!! “: Just saw my oncologist: cancers ass is still thoroughly and completely kicked.”
DC CALLER: Soros funded group CPI feels above the law after illegally hacking a site after counsel said not to. George is , why not them,?
yes they are!
This app is retarted, it always makes me unfollow people and it gets really annoying -_-
Up and ready to get this ass whopping of a workout in with my guys at Bootcamp today! See u guys in a bit :)
cool, maybe you can help me launch a t shirt design of our dog shirts.
honestly I have no clue... I am biased because I use it for my work. But if YT is working for vurb then that's great!
Design ductless green buildings to save installation & operation costs + increase comfort
Will do, thank you!!!
I drank 2 & smuggled 5, I think it was a smashing success. Feliz Cinco de Mayo.
then maybe you should update it more often, and see whether anyone cares about your opinion re: food.
: Yea! Stuck is so simplistic, but the art and way its told is so engaging and whimsical, for kids and parents.
You see Joey Barton's red card? Straight idiot
The wife? YUP THE WIFE, they just hoes & she the WIFE
The great friends that I grew so fond of are just memories to me now.
re: Once. Funny that's how we used to threaten people with physical violence in Johannesburg too.
Be careful in this rain San Diego!
Perfect thing for my sick day. Thanks!
We've mailed 1,000 scarves to our rescuers. Visit our Facebook page to see photos of our rescuers wearing their new scarves.
Aw I wuvs you too <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
and you'll never have to sit in traffic again.
When I get married he's taking my last name
Looks like president Nolan Ryan knows something about pitching. #duh! Thanks for signing (Yu Darvish)!
And when was you a thing again?
TONIGHT On Late Night With Performing his NEW Single 'Don't Let Me Die'
": take the hundred and run! LOL" lol!! Best advice I've heard so far
Need affordable health and dental coverage? Call me @ 727.505.8890
RT : The wait is almost over for NEW Instinct RED MEAT grain-free kibble!
im chillin for now
just bought boyfriend on iTunes (: anything to support !! #bieberfever <3 !!
Summer is kind of like the ultimate one-night stand: hot as hell, totally thrilling, and gone before you know it.
Amen, brother RT : One positive, we both hate BU.
Can you believe 17 yr old Shree from #FortWorth #TX won the global science fair! Thanks for your contribution to ovarian cancer studies!
RT : Master should be in specialized field of PR practice, i.e. medical, business, gov, etc.
Just finished listening to a bunch of songs and I loved them all!!!
If they make such a thing, I have been living a cruelly sheltered life.
This game may be an east coast rivalries, but these auto and manufacturing commercials are pure
being able to speak different languages is awesome!
hey gurll Ikr! We diffently have to talk more!! :D
It is cold as hell in ATL and hell is suppose to be hot
2 years all u bitches will c what the fuck is up!
Who are your hunk co-hosts next week. How about getting Malcom Gets (Bdwy/TV star) to co-host -- He's in NYC & he's such a cutie!
Just heard that the college and hospital in Creston were hit by a tornado tonight. Thoughts and prayers to my fellow Iowa tweeps!
I am bad at all of the things.
haha thank you :D
Tomorrow is the last day for our February Pedicure Special XXOO....20% off tomorrow only!!!! Call for your reservation now!
The biggest issue for me is jobs/the economy. Without a solid foundation for that, nothing else can be accomplished in PDX.
and good too:)
With both games not really close at the end & both favorites covering its setting up real nice for Tebow Magic in Denver
iPad just shipped, will get on Friday :)
There’s ups and downs in this love. Got a lot to learn in this love. Through the good and the bad, still got love.
Omg! I hope Adele is on the radio, I really think she needs more exposure!
It's like 9pm and still 100+ degrees, fuck Vegas.
Ok ... White Soxs & Cubs both win ... Let's Go Bulls & Hawks!!!
Give us your inputs and have faith in us. We are allied with top colleges that offer online education. It’s never too late to begin...
Tragedy is when I cut my finger. Comedy is when you fall into an open sewer and die.
you welcome, let's chill soon
Rhetorical Tweets.
Tonight monica!I will be djing from 10p-2am.excellent Asian fusion food, dancing patio/sexy Lounge. W.Wokcanorestaurant.com
Watchn TV .... Comforting
wmyb never gets old
#Rays Longoria placed on DL with hamstring tear
The guys are discussing the Tigers meltdown last night and playing the blame game. 248-848-1130.
Nice to meet you all tonight!
Great day of voice rounds and preschoolers putting babies in the toy kitchen microwave but sad to be
#TeamOMG - Proudly representing the city of Milwaukee since September 2010.
MY PHONE TRIPPING GOTTA GET HOME INTERNET ASAP
great to meet you Cory!!
Smeagol from Lord of the Rings having sex with a black girl: "oh, my precious"
I ta ta tweeted you today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Playing Angels and Kings in Hollywood tonight.
Thanks for the follow, man. I followed back. Check out the baddest guitarist on the planet,
Looks like we have a #hnh2012 showdown going on!! This could get ugly! Best of luck!
So many white rappers now...
I see on the video feed for
Please follow us back ... thank you :)
I'm craving La Casa De Waffle so badly! I've decided we need to take a trip there this week! K thx! :)
Now updating Facebook from twitter. One step closer to complete world domination!
why because my mom cares?
Since I'm out of town tomorrow, taco Tuesday has been moved to taco Monday until further notice.
Have a good one Pumi man!
I found the child version of Now to get a good creeper picture of him...
Ppl on my TL funny as hell lol. Too pissed about this game
I keep dialing M for Murder. Nope, they're still here.
Did You Know for small package deliveries being sent around Chicago, its more cost effective to send same day than it is to send 1-2 days.
Wait, they fired Robin Williams' character because he wouldn't do the voiceover for a bird who was smoking on a kid show?
Yea that's cool. I'm debating on if IM gone do it or if my BROTHeR is gonna do it.
i would buy the tickets but my dad won't give me his credit card number because he thinks i will buy everything
sweet sweet freedom
Cheating Math: If 10 women slept with Tiger Woods, ratio of cheating-women-to-cheating-men in the Woods scandal: 10-to-1.
Good morning world. Two days of reality before back to more chaos: moving! Looking forward to July to catch up on some things and rest! ;)
Well hopefully its one of those 5 question quizzes that we already have the answers for lol.
When you're in Portland Or. meet Michael of Michael's Italian Beef & Sausage Co.and golf a Robert Trent Jones course with me
My son just told me two lady gaga jokes. Kid is hi-larious
It don' matter if you black or white!! MJ
who r u bro ? do i know u or something ? why are u asking for add on fb ? lol am i right ?
oh there's much more to come.
Doubt that...": Back to #clippernation shit... #LobCity bitch!.... #Spurs let's see if they shoot like that all series..."
that def touched williams... Coughlin better challenge this... should be G MEN BALL!!!
um u can't be talkin about me.
beer is awesome
are you ready for a good game?
I can now say-I've Read the Entire Bible! I also C that God sent Jesus 2 save God from Us as much as He sent Jesus to save Us from We!
“: Talked to two AL evaluators today who strongly believe Rangers are the best team in the majors.”Any Tigers fans disagree?
Thanks for the info....glad it's getting rescheduled. Hope you at least enjoyed the warm-up pics from yesterday!
I was trapped in the corner of the shower for like 10 minutes cause the water got really COLD!! ): #trapped!!
Karmin aggravates me.
Thanks, Mason! We had fun! RT : was fantastic at tonight. So much fun.
took our age difference into account and decided to upgrade me, not A humane company :-)
thanks for the feed on the mixtape bro preciate it
#CATDADDY + #CLUCK = HEAVEN
I'm loving it @ wk watching Norfolk St. do their thing beating Mizzou
Bergen Record: Kids get ready for camp & homesickness issues in The Record 4/14. Discusses book, Bug Bites & Campfires by Frank J Sileo PhD.
bless up Goddess
(JaclynNorth), thanks for following us on Twitter!
can you please email your question to ? thanks!
I hope E. Tangradi will have a big game and Simon Despres will show why he SHOULD be in the lineup all the time. Lets Go Pens!
small business marketing on the rise at Talkbiznow.com.
47?! Wow, that's a ton of cons. When did you start going to them?
ref Joey Crawford is officially out of control. He needs to give himself a technical!
thanks for following me. Good luck with your new venture in Ft. Lauderdale, great socializing spot. I can do a book signing!
What is your problem girl?
I live in a group home now. It's where homeless kids live. And now i gotta go to group breakfast...ughh.
James Harden looking awfully early Grant Hill in the fourth. Amazing first step and finish. Over and over.
It'll be interesting to see how Tebow develops in the off season. Frankly for his first season in the NFL he did well
count us in
My cat makes a shitty table.
Happy Birthday <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>
Not being a man of many words, I am delighted to discover that Twitter is the perfect vehicle to properly express the true essence of my thi
That's all now I'm off to bed
Reminder. The dustys. This thursday. 7:30. At a place in DC. Vitamin Water Uncapped LIVE.
Just moments ago spoke @ the SHIELDS LA site visit for the Foster Care Caucus' 2012 Listening Tour.
When you wanna make things right...you always loose -.-
Super excited about the shuttle!
BTW, apparently Tweason'ale was seasonal??? Unfortunately my gluten sensitivity isn't. Sad face and stomach.
i need digits.(: haha
idc. this girl is annoying >.<
One of the BEST Handcrafted Acoustic Guitars I have ever played www.sullivanguitars.com
Caffeine Awareness Month Fact #23 - It is estimated that roughly 12,000 tons of caffeine is consumed every year. #Whammy!
sorry I may have started that train see you men soon
It's only 15-13 at half?? What's goin on lol
why didnt i take the train today???
Shoppin till im droppin. Which will be like...fast.
Spring break!!'
So yes, Minecraft is exactly as addicting as they say.
New Orleans is a party city
#weeklyrecap: Ethics class ended at DU, 4 disability evals completed, numerous reports written, and a visit from the FBI.
God morning #montgomery #Alabama! I hope everyone stays safe with the approaching storms.
Smokin a clove in a darkened corner and watching a drunken lovers quarrel.
#HappyThanksgiving! Enjoy your day with your friends and loved ones!
Sex alleviates tension. Love causes it.
What are your 4th of July plans? We'll be at Humboldt Park, starting at 5pm! Come party with us!
Every month should be "Be Kind to Food Severs" month. Please and thank you never go out of style.
Networking today - please don't start a 30 second intro by telling others how bad you are at it - just say it with confidence and practice!
Looking for a cheap #laptop ? We have one on sale right now! www.dealshow.com
This is the sexiest picture you've ever posted
Hark! (The Occupy Protestors Sing)
Ugh, isn't here and all I want to do is cuddle. I need a dog. :-(
“: We're curious. What's your "protest music"? Tweet us the songs that inspire you to take action!” "Killing in the Name"
Every just want to kill someone you care about
I need to be entertained!!!!!
Was just asked if my leg was OK. Had to explain my habit of stepping only an even number of steps in each sidewalk square.
Where is ? She is missing from #lbyrpreview Don't tell me she rather be on vacation
Dunno. But I would go seeking confirmation from anyone at WNYC who handles loss prevention, rights, distribution, etc.
Why is someone munching chips so loud? Why are they eating chips at 9 am? Why are they in a library, munching chips?
English food is no longer as bad as it used to be! Especially in London it is rather good!!
#IDontUnderstandWhy girls with leggings complain about guys...I mean you wore it (shrugs)
hi. it's my birthday(: a birthday tweet from you would make my day!
- We want to see you do work on Cleveland for the next Operation Orange game this Friday.
Think she's saying that identification draws att'n to/magnifies difference, not ingores. But wasn't that Burke's line already?
Orgs, funders, board members, etc all push for the status quo. Someone needs to step up to advocate for change within institutions.
let's fight each other
Jersey Shore > homework right now.
you are absolutely gorgeous, I can't even. c': #muchMahomielove <3
I bike to work because it's so much faster than driving or Metro: 15 min drive; 20-35 min Metro---and i get the cal burn.
Kush & Orange Juice >>>
& now you're on an open road, long gone i cant have you back.
What's your preferred term to encompass all users of #opengov data? "Developers" too narrow, "citizens" too broad, "3rd parties" too vague.
Need to hit da Booth
Will pulling the sick kid card bolster Cena's popularity? Stay tuned.
Oh my gosh, look it's food! I love food!
#Imagine: If u were watching the ball drop in NYC & then out of nowhere some1 steals a kiss from u , & u open ur eyes & it's
The band Scarlet Script Just gave me their new EP \'Onward\' for a TWEET, Prayer, or Donate! @ ScarletScript.com ScarletScript.com
Sorry I was busy finding a shirt that matched my flask!
Amy Winehouse......love that bitch....
Yeah I will be! My first music video will be out in before Christmas, and then I'll be planning a tour for summer!
know what's even better than push-up dance moves? handstand push-ups.
I'm wishing all of my fans and friends a happy and safe Memorial Day Weekend.
S/o My Brothers I know yall up...LETS GET IT
When your bestfriend wants to listen to ymas >
Word! RT Support good #music when you hear it.
Yeah! That's more like it! Safety first...
Am following the #12ntc - looks good for everyone interested in #socialmedia +
only in egypt would you want to sex up your dead wife, in america we dont want sex with the wife while shes alive. Smh
than hes a beotch. you nice he shouldnt have broke up with u!
I don't want to hear that you have plenty to talk about
One direction, they are HORRIBLE ACTORS, but i dont mind <3
I just got a for toenail fungus laser treatment. Wtf? Not the loveliest of flash sales.
Stop! "I am a leaf on the wind"
Center Raiola on the sidelines w/a tied ballgame at 19
Let me see myself online the way other people see me--the government, businesses, my friends, etc. Czerwinski of Microsoft at
Haha what freeway r u on? If ur on the 405, you might as well take a nap lol. Ur not going anywhere for an hour n a half
Hello Jersey
Adversity causes some men to break and others to break records!
You are such an inspiration to my career Katrina!
BARBIE TWEETS!!!!!
#2FollowersThatShouldDate me and . Bang me
Any C# Wizards out there with games exp in the #bayArea looking for a 12-15 month Contract?
overall I think you're growing up & all of us angels are growing along with you <3 Thanks for being my inspiration!(:
Our Services Include: Daily, Weekly & Monthly Cleaning. General House Cleaning. Move in & Move out Cleaning. Office Cleaning. Condo Clea
In a more perfect America, the composition of Congress would be at least 51% female.
Check out the Fox news story in which SeiferFlatow, PLLC comments regarding the new proposed law regarding unlicensed drivers.
:-) #thebulls won last night (good game btw, hope u didn't miss it) let's see the #whitesox win today:-)
American idol is like watching bad Disney auditions
date like a man, so you won't get played like a bitch :p
Not only that, but I have to get up no later than 5, get ready ASAP, and get to school early so I can finish planning.
and I am always ready to buy resort!
I could really go for a loaded baked potato !
pedal tavern then dicks private opening. Happy cinco
I love when you guys favorite my tweets ! Makes my day !
Just realized why has been complaining why she needs to poop....its a full moon tonight
Lovely ladies topless everywhere! Where you at again?!
The cleaning lady?
Tummy ache. Draft beer is the reason. But I also think it could be a solution.
Empire District Electric to reforest #Joplin this weekend.
RT : lol either that or they gotta shyt hit em wit the #4KNUCKLES< lol I'm bout ready to open hand 5 knuckles
MKG with two fouls already. That could hurt.
The Africans at my school said kony was a good guy lmao they funny af
looking forward to our panels together. See you soon. Sorry for this crazy Austin weather :)
Riding in the trunk with ninjas? Blargh, that would make me nauseous.
This is what I do darlin...this is what I do. (J.Whedon)
RT : mixed signals <<<<
With at yo la tengo/wilco at Cyclone Stadium
I'm so full of pasta... and regret. Dang you, Buca Di Beppo. You get me everytime.
Getting swim on at
The Jones Group will be attending the LIM Career Fair today! Look for us
eww haven't even done my art HW.. and all i've been doing was watching TV and playing games on my iPod..
Thank you! Great chatting with you tonight
: You can find out your top Twitter fans from Booshaka.
#Bizforum right content out of context is irrelevant. Poor content in right context is still poor content.
my news to you is not as good to share, but I will wait as well before sharing it
Hope you go to the number one girl tour :D
A big thanks to all wonderful donors yesterday who participated in #GiveBIG! We raised over $4,000 in one day :)
RT : I want a fruit salad #Random<---foh wit that fruit salad shit
holy shit u got skill!!! lmao
that's 1 way to get tail in jail.. RT “: Indiana State Prison actually allows inmates to adopt cats into their cells.”
thank you, thank you!
totes gonna stalk you when you get to austin
What did he say it in reference to? I seriously can't remember.
Lunch time!! I'm feeling Italian!
I would like to thank all the Radio Stations and Clubs that has support my music. Happy New Year!!!
RT : SF Animal Shelter setting up to handle Los Alamos/White Rock pets if major evac. No farm animals. More at noon
not much...listening to new music
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 36
Ok Vegas it's time !! , tonight will be insane .. We got this crazy kid rockin it /via
Dream Job: Victorias Secret Angel! !
Damn Mr. Barron still locked up man smh lol
you and your boy problems! ;)
suggests too much money on PGA. Older guys played near full schedule for love of game and respect of sponsors
...... that video is superb...not one for the cat daddy, but I have no prob with this....
“: Please Note: If watching Sofia Vergara can't make you straight, watching Glee can't make you gay.”
whats the status
Someone needs to pick the Grammys up a bit!#losingyourviewers!!
has been a constant supporter of The Lashman.
i know but i have school :-(
so it's at least acceptable?? Ha
Out of habit, following #kidsitting, but realizing tweets about the kid and the preteen will have to wait for next summer.
Wallace mobility and Browns over Ravens today. Miami over Patriots!
Erica is real
It's 5:00 somewhere. . .oh wait, it's 5:00 here!
here in the mid-west we ro sham bo for it LOL
ha. you should go follow ma friend
Don't forget that special Valentine in your life. Stop by for a spa gift certificate
your welcome, have a fantastic weekend.
Adel is so annoying!
No way, business cards are one of adult life's biggest small pleasures :)
do you ever try to kiss somebody sexy but you end up hitting the mirror instead?
Uh, my story was nothing like theirs LOL. Mine was about the program. As you requested.
Day with pops! Got to get sissy boo soon and then start cleaning at four. :/
The sad moment of one of your great friends is moving to suburb and ur alone in a class which u used to always talk to him:(
see you soon. Great conference so far!
Gonna go shopping 2day:)
Checking the BET awards show TI and Young Jezzy performance off the chain. Mike Epps hosting busta takes home the first award of the show :)
haha. ok i'll give u that.... BUT I LUV HIM MORE!!!!!
This musical number = more time than Shaemus/Bryan.
Hail Mary - Makaveli
Farm Fields Could Yield Jet Fuel of the Future | Renewable Energy ...
Want to be an older woman like Union Rags owner, Phyllis Wyeth, smoking cigars and wearing hats on a regular day
Getting my sea legs going with some serious mud and a nip of the baileys.
Just saw the girl of my dreams
thanks for getting crazy with us in El Paso. Great set!!!
Oh, just the asking for my password every time I break wind. I appreciate it but..
courtney just made this fat boy cry because she was yelling at him because he spilled juice all over me oh my god
Favorite poet + favorite actor + favorite radio show = HAPPINESS!!!!
what are you wearing "jake from statefarm?" umm khakis? she sounds hideous! i love this commercial.(: lol
you probably were
Had a good night rest
.___. -wants to send it to him but he'll cry-
I think I know how it is..and it's not us..
I've got to kill 2 hours at this coffee shop b4 meeting, iPad down to 15 percent, and I ain't even worried.
mayneeee good to hear new shit bro! you coming down next week for the slim show?
staying with college friend. Cannot wait to see you. Where to go? You obviously decide.
alright , my tweets are meaann! haha . just annoying . who else hates when people run their mouths & start rumors!?
I can't sleep--I'm on a high right now.
haha. One of my managers actually told me this. He was right about going to game 6. And i know they are!
Meet me at the mall it's going down. ~
then u do a pretty good job
I would do so many naughty things to you.
it's not blocked for me I just checked now and it let me watch it
What'd I do?!
Thanks bro
ur more than welcome
Talking on here instead of livin life...that's that shit I don't like..
We welcome Colorado Whiskey to our tour line up for the conference. See, taste and learn about this elusive whiskey.
Kinda dreading the vegetarian thing right now.... These beans are taking way too long to cook.... Starving!! smh
At home watching
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.
Can you follow me? Plz. :)
My black clutch looks like its been through hell and back
Do you know an individual who has increased the understanding of the human experience through the humanities disciplines in Oklahoma?
I love playing with Siri.
Hello Date.
yeah me too i need to send my money in
Alternative energy system providing power at N.C. State Marine ...
dude my phone is so bad. I'll deal with the iphone 4s. Haha
omg I made your name....honored
just when I thought couldn't get any cooler.. For a couple of double takes I swore my check in clerk was Insane.
oh it's really tough when they have to take cars overnight so they'll pass inspection
Happiness is as a butterfly, which, when pursued, is always beyond our grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you.
please no more shoes lol “: Well I've always fantasized about shopping spree. now that I'm getting one idk what the eff to get!!”
I am going to be Tony Stark when I grow up.
we need to make our own Soccer Girl themed video w/ the team hahah
yes sir! Thought I told you
you can send your resume to jobs [at] chicagonp [dot] com
Lessons I was taught seem quick to fade.
I'm leeroy who leeroy Roy !!!
you want
Leaders/bosess/coaches/business owners-greet ur team w/the enthusiasm & energy u would give a long lost friend.
About to depart. Good bye, San Francisco! See you in a bit!
I've had over 100 bday wishes today on social sites, texts, calls & in person. 1 meant more to me than the rest. It brought a genuine smile
Awesome, thanks! “: How were those Olde Glory Farms fresh eggs?”
nope I'm off today....y Wats up??
Here comes the eye or what's left of it.
Im MC Hammer about my money...You can't touch this
so adorable!
SpazmO! says hello!
praying all the way from Chicago! :-)
Q5 We use it instead of beef in spaghetti sauce, chili, burgers, on pizza, in casseroles: possibilities are endless!
really? I thought you hated me now :D
The bigot part was a poor choice of words on my part.
i never masturbated to your facebook display pic
and then ur sis called the house and I knew it was her and I was all who is this the hooker of the fam so she hung up
Horrible tourist karaoke is amazing. I feel like I'm at Napoleon Dynamite's house.
can't forget the bruthaz in the bing.Straight stuntin and commissary is very necessary!!
Can't wait! MT #ParksandRec is back April 19th!
in fact...i've seen it...lol
yay! we can't wait to see you too :) RT Stoked to see yall on Friday!!!
ok great! Let me know when you are coming! :D
It's a great day to be home!! Lots of errands, and unpacking. Oh.... And the gym!!
. v. curious about details. discussing "topic modeling as discovering clusters of possible worlds" sounds too good to be true.
No. It was at our Firehouse, as in Firehouse No. 7 on SE 11th and Stark. Sorry! That hadn't even occurred to us.
this is so ridiculous... but im so intrigued
I already know #Instagram is going to be
Jones vs Evans
Tweet more. Pick it up. Let's go. Seize the day. Carpe diem.
Hope you had a nice new year celebration! Happy 2012!
Ready to judge the 19 #sales competitors at #Calpoly San Luis Obispo - winner heads to the
Happy LP Thursday. Come listen to records or bring you own! Special wine tasting at 7pm tonight-all Organic/Biodynamic wines. Enjoy!
For the record, we are firmly against Michael Bay's interpretation of the Ninja Turtles and offended by his remarks for us to "Chill out."
well ya with wins, but ERA has nothing to do with a high powered offense.
I have a portable DVD player that I have no need for. I think I'ma try to sell it. And some DVDs that I no longer want. I'll give those away
Good Morn Biebs ! Have an #EPIC Holiday Season ~ Loving the Christmas Spirit #Mistletoe has brought to our Fam #ThankUJB!
ya he repiled to me so
Tomorrow we are to send homemade goodies. Mrs. Rlwegner quickly shot down #homebrew as an option.
The Voices in the Clouds screening last night was super cool. And a bit nerve wracking. Esp for director, Aaron Hose.
Alright cool thank you
I do not care who the Florida lawyer is: as long as this PERVASIVE, INSTITUTIONALIZED Autism bullying & abuse continues, I wont participate.
guy at work had someone call him "Brain" over the phone. Like you actually thought that was his name? haha
People sure get excited about pumpkin spice.
is awesome. Searched all #travel sites, and got the best deal for an upcoming weekend in #palmsprings :)
Thanks to and for the #FF shout-outs!
I do not intend to tip-toe through life only to arrive safely at death.
Spot trending now in Des Plaines, IL: Starbucks - H6 - Starbucks (live updates)
I really want to watch Romeo + Juliet
u dont tweet
Does the Pack have a chance to keep Cullen Jenkins n James Jones?
you add #legendofKorra in there to??? Saw it yesterday and loved every minute of it!
Hope it went well!! : About to take my placement test for Cincy !!!
Thanks. What do you still have left to organize?
GIRL; "You can't solve all the worlds problems with a Shotgun!" HOBO; "ITS ALL I KNOW"
"Well done is better than well said."
He's paid to say the things he does, nothing more than a professional troll.
iLove The & Jimmy Fallon #Someday Commercial <3
you know it
Tonight at ! at 7pm at the Main Stage outdoors!
cute face. U can work on the body
When your ex asks if you can still be friends right after a break up, it's like having a kidnapper tell you to keep in touch.
dirty gutter rat that crawled outta the sewer she lives in.. bitch its natural beauty.. something you obviously lack
but only like with one person?
Back from disney! :)
RT and follow me if yew want me to follow yew!!!!!!!!!
When you're waiting for something a week can feel like a year.
yeah you're older but I'm still gonna be a douche about it hahah
Most people would like to be delivered from temptation but would like it to keep in touch.
You don't come off as a sexist pig, doesn't seem like you fit in.
Just found The Last Starfighter 25th Anniversary Edition on DVD!
#FF to new client
Greetings, Mr. Pfeiffer. If someone wanted to contact you, is there an email address available? Thank you!
off to get my bday haircut. and idk what i want to get smh
haha . Love you too. :P
I have four google accounts but I just want one #GooglePlus profile, help?!
I appreciate you :-)
How is it you don't remember holding someone down to cut the hair?
Looking for some Dark Lord Day tickets. Had a team of people trying and STILL struck out. Anyone have an extra or 2?
haha its a fun game
Make a list of all you wish to accomplish in life. Once you have complete each goal, check it off and move on to the next. Organization!!
Dropping 20 more pounds by August 1.
Caveman find pointy stick.
The staff of NK Airplay wishes you and yours a very Happy and Blessed Easter!
Mandatory vs discretionary spending. Section 2501, CFP, TEFAP, FMNP, beginning farmer mandatory. Even mandatory programs can be gutted!
$5 carpaccio, caviar, lobster tacos, lobster sliders! Happy hour today 4-7, thirsty or hungry come join us!
"You never see me without my babies "your babies?" "Duh my phone and headphones!"
When the praises go up blessings come down
why are you going?
Evidently in other countries, it is pretty common to breast feed much older. I learned this the uncomfortable way in Vegas
cotto in a unanimous decision
Heading to Frys to buy food for the hungry Drobo.
Mentions = Dead
Guys look up Andrew Constancio. Doesn't he look like Alex!? :D
Guess what? Monday's the day we start turning off the wi-fi between 11:00 AM and 2:00 PM. We love our laptop pals, but need lunch seating.
Ah yes!! It's so creepy looking!! But hopefully in the end it will look better than it has the past 20 years hahahah
With the amount of stress I put on myself I'm convinced my first heart attack will come in my 30s
And once again I'm not invited?!
#latin quote of the day - Oedipus oculis se privavit. - "Oedipus deprived himself of his eyes."
This phone meeting has only been going on for 10 minutes and I already want to put my head through the wall.
honestly, i dont even care anymore.
yeah, they were really nice (:
the best Christmas sweaters I ever saw was at a Neil Diamond concert at Conseco. Haha. Can't wait to see in a few.
Please stop texting me
#elg 60 minutes to produce 1 min of avatar animation! Better be worth it.
If u read this please respond. What are you doing the second ur reading this? Besides tweeting. Let's see some answers!
I wanna fly like a rocket to the sky going up a million miles... #TUNEE <3
So Guess What Everyone !! I know a real live WHORE ! LMFAO
Even tho I don't know u in person but I watch the show and I'm glad u figured out the truth about evelyn and jen.
wait til u hear these guys!
We also use clorox wipes once a week to disinfect and clean the phone. If it was stained, we would be happy to replace it.
yea I do...She put my name on the board for senior study so I had to get it cause I like to leave early lol why ? Do you need it
We know exactly how important it is for clients to have their automotive sales leads needs be handled distinctly,as well
need more follows? Try the site on my page for social promo. it's FREE! Take a minute to see the site. :)
weeks ago, man. She stays the night and he makes her breakfast and everything.
when are you going to let Roku use the HBOgo feature? We pay enough each month, figure this out already
Now following
Release the power that resides within you and witness the power of God...That's living the good life!
We're BACK online!!! Please stop in and see us again!
2012 Phenom Camper ° Phenom 150: Angel King °Rising 10th °Las Cruces, NM °Travel Team: Legends °Point Guard 5’6
No problem! Congrats! =]
happy birthday big DAWG! Hope you have a great one!
Hey it's 4-0. Don't Mess with Texas!
As I understand it, DeLong *is* honest, but some in church leadership say it would be preferable if she weren't
If Miami had my dude then it would REALLY be not 1, not 2, not 3.....
Have fun!
There's some hillbilly hicks with mullets outside our hotel....
Everyone in #Venice thinks I'm hot. A mechanical chicken just said 'AY Caramba' and a guy on meth told me I have nice hip.
Haha I did! Waiting for her team to confirm. Never watched it last year, but I will be for sure now that is on!
A giant picture of this woman's infected mouth. Looks like herpes. And it just came up on my TV thru my Roku FB channel...
“: Dear vampires, Aren't you worried about AIDS? O_o Sincerely, curious.” Hahaha omg
thanks. Thanks. I'll check it out. It's a mom's day surprise for my wife.
a definite win. “: I was a little nervous, but Portland only came in at #36! Thats a win if you ask me!”
The seat belt broke on our truck. I look like a child in grown up clothes with it dangling off of me.
My Faith In God has given me peace
Great, thanks. Could you please give me an email address to send the questions to?
Thanks for the follow Lisa!!
Whitney Houston I will always love this woman...amazing I was just thinking of her the other day...Retweet If Whitney is your sister(
Right on, seconded ... RT : For the record, we love the idea of #foodtruck Friday moving to Red Arrow Park. :)!
I <3 viral videos! :P
looks pretty cool, thanks!
go on oovoo.
Up and heading out to take some video for my vlog!
#MyBestFriends we gonna have a 1 or 2 week vacation during the summer.
take a drink when you hear "it depends"
Went for a 45min walk during lunch and am not eating my 4points meal... I am having such a health day! :)
who writing stuff about me
Since when is criticism of a terrorist state "libelous"?
Holy crap is the ALA site AWFUL. Somehow I got registered and reserved a hotel. But I never got a receipt for my membership payment
I sent you the trade proposal.
out out
thanks for the RT! And Happy Friday!
Someone should slap Joffrey in every episode.
dude,you seriously should follow me
Put that on my mama
Isn't crazy how people can tell what you are going through ...
Watching the next set of sessions at #thatcamp from the computer lab... Feed me.
Offense has gone back in to sleep mode
Is that time right? Mar 1 1a-3a? I don't know if I can stay that late. #logansquare tweetup
of course! :) have fun!
The show fuckin' rocked tonight! Thanks for everyone that came and saw us play! Stay tuned for the next 4 shows!
word of the day: Dictate. You can use it in a sentence like "My girfriend says my dictate good"
Last chance for lunch at Wet Stone this week. Come by at 11:00am, or call ahead to place your order for pick-up 619.255.2856. Happy Friday!
Muy FRIO!!! Its 29 degrees today. Time to look for a new destination. Beaches, sunshine here I come.
What did you think of on tonight? #SNL #LindsayLohan Which skit was your favorite?
wow Todd Tigger :p
the lady at lulas askd why I'm trying on a prom dress bc I look extremely young and innocent..and looks like she's 18..
Bol RT : IF I SELL MY NEPHEW FOR 2 MILLION DOLLARS MY BROTHER WON'T SAY SHIT BUT TAKE A MILLION
This is outta control! Omg!!!!
OHMYFUCKINGGOD. Eating subway ;)
has found its structural feng shui. The vision is coming together. And waiting on PBS for news.
I know the feeling. I finished a whole box yesterday :-(
I have been commissioned to make a vegan pumpkin pie for my roommate Ryan's Special Ladyfriend. Tell me this is not adorable.
I'll heat up some spam for you.
pride n prejudice...lil women..and wizard of oz tix in sale now...www.yatkids.org for more info
Monday is THE day!! You get a marathon reprieve but starting Monday, I'm going to be annoying. Care to join me? ;)
fun times at retreat tonight!
R brad pitt and angelina jolie married?!?!??
Thanks & ! I'll have to talk with my agent, aka , about future opportunities ; )
I'm in an excellent mood today.
it's always nic cage movies i end up live tweeting and i'm pretty sure that's because i always watch them alone.
Well the storytelling live was amazing. And I have a major girl crush on MC There. I've said it.
wow your Dumb now get dressed so we can go eat
oh wow. Well that's cute :) & yes ma'am I am. Proud too<3
Yes, I agree! Teaching entrepreneurship when you've never run a business is like teaching literature without being a writer.
I'm not the girl your mother warned you about. I'm the girl who kicked that girl's butt! :)
You say new wallpaper, I say new Avi.
btw, text me I lost all my numbers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Patio party 4pm Whyb and friends spinning on patio grill n tiki bar post brunch party not to early not to late :)
Face down ass up
4 more weeks to go!
paul f. tompkins would be PROUD OF U
Wet? RT : I guess it's going to rain. Perfect, the weather matches how I feel.
#20factsaboutme 18) I was born in Mesa, Arizona
she just got here. hangin out, eating, trying to do work, creeping fb...but really, do my homework. cider is calling your name.
RT : FUN FACTS: Mitt Romney has almost the exact same advisors and policies as George W. Bush. And this doesn't seem to concern him.
sumone please visit me. I dont wanna study! No wait dont. Wait do! cuz I can't focus anyway...wait...dont....wait...
thanks for the love and support!
lol its gonna be ok :)
I used to do Barrel Rolls, until I took an arrow to the knee...
we support ya ...haha
man, whatchu wanna do?
I'll RT it : "I really wanna kill a pig at the end of all this. Sacrifice it to the DH gods."
I need something to do today!
That is true with anyone. That is what makes this article, at best, pointless. More cynically, its an attack on Liberalism itself
If you call me and I don't know your number im not gonna answer
Psyched to be heading to #WomenWhoWrite to hang with & two of my favorite tweeps.
Looking for a place to live and Dakota blue for beers
Thanks for the Follow! Great to have you on Board!
Not all kids want to be pro athletes, some kids just like to play the game because it's fun.
What you need in life is close 2 u its within reach u just need 2 use your vision 2 do the ordinary & God will do the extraordinary.
Two playoff TV choices right now: #NBA #Knicks #Heat or #NHL #Caps #Rangers. Your pick?
My picture with the President is on the front page of the #LansingStateJournal!
soup!!!!!!! yum. i could live off lentils and ginger snaps... just saying.
Pack really working it around, even more than normal
Does watching Wheel of Fortune and Jeopardy every night make me old?
Christmas is doing a little something extra for someone.
Hear that. It's like you've never left the park before, never gave a warning. Crazy darn kids.
Nice suit, you are gonna play nice like that suit is tomorrow, Go Bills!
meh, Bravo could help SKC much more than what he can do for Cruz Azul. You know I love both teams :(
#SuperBowl I mean halftime show could have been worse.
you know I do. You know what I mean tho Summer in lville is just not the same as school year. I'm sure ppl at UK feel the same
My tummy hurts from lauging to much!!
At best, he'll have some paternalistic, scolding message to the Black community. At worst, he'll "Willie Horton" us like Bush
Who's quote is that?
#ff The hottest new artist
Broke my silence, but I still supported the cause.
Can't believe I've been for a year already! I feel blessed to have this opportunity and continue to love what I do.
i still cant believe my favorite band is going to be on my favorite show!!!! Congrats :D
Watching the game with mad fun and funny.
it's ok...I mean once the clap gets you it's hard to break free...
Coming Soon Photos !
Pierre found his new team to be in love with. The Caps.
U seem to have some gender issues, friend? And I use the word hesitantly!
That looks good. How many groups would you like to get? Count in.
KING KONG where you at? Lmao
Cancel your plane tics to Amsterdam if you're goin for the cafe's you have to be a citizen to enjoy happy smoke
who am I beating up?! Lol. Text me if you need anything!
four loco + mexican food on the streets of San Francisco
700 Congress? I'll head that way shortly.
I demand it. RT The only way I'd bring back Good Eats is if there were overwhelming fan demand.
Really, people who read books while walking down the sidewalk?
saw you at bonnaroo twice, did you really do mushrooms and walk through the sonic forest?
There's always that one little section of hair that never does what you want it to.
ah, finally home from work, no kids, no wife around...oh yeah, SLEEP!!!
Salty it's not Stevie? For me it was between Hart and Parker. Plays EXACTLY the d-mid position England's been missing for SO long
EDC, how I want to be there. Hope everyone, including my friends have a great time! Can't wait till Im able to attend
hey T... I have been good. Just working and grinding on the music tip... Ill be at CCA on May 5th.. Will you be there?
Nope, I don't smoke so there are two of us on this boat
unless, of course, that was part of the joke... in that case, I retract my statement. And I am an idiot. Bahaha.
omg that is so sad
beautiful mosaics!
why didnt you tell me !?
Goin old school...catching up on Dawsons Creek reruns :)
Some 2for1 tickets available for our GAY LA TOUR this Saturday. www.outandabout-tours.com and let us know you wanna get on board!
Just remember, get the beer after you go through security. The TSA has no sense of humor.
I CALLED AND HE NEVER CALLED BACK. CALLED 4 TIMES… SMH
peep for yourself! www.facebook.com/zakdowntown
on nflnetwork now!
Of course! Why didn't I think of that?!
Yea Buddy RT: Tonight im wit it.. Time to get rachetttttt!
thanks a lot, peanut butter jelly time
Earth Hour tonight!!! At 8:30 your local time, turn out the lights for an hour!
RT : Wherever I am in the world, I walk into one and I am home.
I'm watching Merlin.
Essential Workflow Changes: Typical user testing - via Michael Allen
my goal for park & blanket date is to finally finish that issue. No, not the last one, the one before that.
after reading all of the Stephanie Plum novels over the last few years (#confession), I am stoked for #OneForTheMoney to come out
S/O and showin love at oasis!!!!
- It was awesome meeting you yesterday. Keep in touch gf!
thank you for your sweet message. Happy to know that things are looking up for Angie. xo
Don't #GetAnXbox unless you want to pay for a bunch of shit. Trust me. Make sure you have a yearly income of at least $69,000
RIP Steve Jobs - amazing and inspiring.
Alittle respect goes a long way
I think we could all like to dedicate that song to someone and it would make us smile
The world of documentary is a tough shell to crack. Particularly, when you attempt to inhabit grayscale space.
Oh, also, ONE MORE WEEK.
Ok, so Apple released some new products today...does anyone really think it will have a huge effect? Still no tablet!
how about them vikes this year
Thanks for the #ffs!
LA LA LA WHATEVER!
Ready to spend #Friday evening with my babes!
You don't care at all
On this week's show, our critics pick their worst movies of the year so far! What movies do you think made their lists?
Caught my flight. Off to #ASECS12 in San Antonio to give a paper. Insert your own Alamo joke here.
Who's playing at Maxwell's?
Happy Spring Break! :)
here's to the kalin and myles fans who like jakeeyp's eyebrow stories.
Upload and Download...made easy.
#whyidonthavegayfriends I like going out in public w/o turning heads or people automatically knowing I'm gay cuz I'm with some rue Paul wana
Some people you meet in life should come with a warning label.
Come by Tonight for Half Off All Wine Bottles on our List! Happy Thanksgiving to everyone!
“: Great meeting you in DC last week! See you at #SHRM2012?” yes can't wait for
I got the best compliment the other day. Someone said I had a "proper" New York accent.
About to hit the pool!
going to shoot another silly video this morning, possibly featuring the Return of Super Sam Sessa, in honor of Comic-Con. want an autograph?
head down &
I think might be the smartest kid I've ever heard speak...19 years old and running a company selling products he developed
Most players play games at least on their free time, however, an ordinary game playing time can possibly turn out to be an addiction
You all are too sweet! Love you both!
sometimes in April is better and much more moving. Ask mom about it
Ha some people crack me up :)
Back to the summer weather this week!
ok so again, the wrench seems to be too big? Get a smaller wrench ? Is this a plumbing emergency?
Gov. Scott Walker says state headed in the right direction, despite new report showing $143M budget shortfall.
yes he is even though he isn't very rowdy lol. I agree!
3 days down 2 to go. Baby steps.
Before 2012 is over i am determined to meet and :)
A lament is necessary, it's an art dorm. Our culture doesn't do that well.
Gas station blues for sure. Bad coffee & too much wind to fill the washer fluid. Geez. I hate winter.
Had so much fun in Olivia's backyard making s'mores ! So fun ,(:
ASS IS PETTY AF! BUT I LOVE HER!
Hanging in the famous C-8 for #Stroupe auditions with and
I got my exemption card today. I think I'm going to exempt my spanish exam. I don't feel like taking it.
Armondos at the mall!
give some to me, I use tons of onions.
Chris McCray? On the odd timing...
Black toe/nail please go away so I can workout!
im addicted to tetris!
Good night all! Thank you and all you wonderful ladies! Have a great night
NEW LOCATION: Lady Dolla Birthday/MTSU Homecoming TAILGATE PARTY on Middle Tennessee & Bell St behind the JUB! NOW! ***
i cant log in it forgot the password
Learning how to use my new Kindle - thanks for sharing your new book!
3:30 a.m. and still awake. My brain won't shut up! Ideas, ideas, ideas. Hush, brain! I need to sleep.
Pan tostado with mijo and before Finals Week kicks in. One more week and then off for two.
lol I'd be we'd be in some hardcore marriage counseling if it were me and tony. Omg. Lol
...-ended, this was seriously about how i have 665 followers... but way more fun as written!
He's too busy drinking coffee.
Thanks to everyone who came out tonight for Ultimate Frisbee!!
Bynum 1 block away from a triple-double. Even Kareem didn't get 10 blocks in a playoff game...
Thursday power day. Leggo.
About to see my play the #orioles. Hopefully I'll see !
Madison police say they will assist inside Capitol if asked, but would only remove ppl on Chief's order for public safety reasons
What does your event entail? Sounds like a great cause :)
my wife loves U guys She walks around the house saying "You want to help me or what?"
Visualize this thing you want. See it, feel it, believe in it. Make your mental blueprint and begin. Robert Collier
bcuz its warm and never snows there.! Ugh I hate the snow and cold so much ew.
Our life goes out of balance when we try and control our own lives ... Let Go and Let God
#whenihavekids I'm homeschooling. I don't trust the public school system.
aw happy three month anniversary(:
I don't know what that has to do with #mnleg GOP leaders not allowing a vote on the stadium. It has the votes.
OMG Thank You So Much !! <3
you and me both sister!
when stands behind me while I'm in goal & tells me what to do >>>>>
Ordering shirts at the end of next week!! Better email with your size and if you want a tank or shirt!!
watchin menace to society
thanks so much<U+E32D> what u up to??(:
its ur b-day?!!! I didn't know!!! Happy, happy Birthday hun!!! I hope u had a blessed one!!!
The Bluest Rye
XD look up True Life
That moment when you realize all of your #SciFiSeaCreature movie love came from your childhood obsession of
Wants to get two T-shirts one that says "im with stupid" and the other says "hi im stupid"
Ah you making money for the babysitting? As for me I'm sadly sick, but at least after having half a day's worth of rest-
Oh wow... Do you ship to Seattle?
I DO NOT YOU TELL ME EVERYTHING CAUSE YOU DO TE CREEPING
members, I have changed the password for the password protected parts of the site, if you need it & are a paid member DM me!
you deserve it girl. God bless!
Idk Yet, Wbu? I Haven't Seen You Since You Left My House Mad At Me! RT : work, wyd today
Waaayyy TMI. Ha. ": Nice --> “: I just made a date with for valentines day. Kind of weird and exciting”"
Instagram is so important though Don. It helps inanely poor photographers develop the respect they don't deserve.
Happy Fat Tuesday!!!
that bottle hook is solid. nice find
get err
I HATE
Coming up shortly Dr. Jill Ricke on on !!! Stay tuned!!!
Follow us on Facebook and Twitter to get inside deals and news!! Share with your friends so they can "like" us too!
YES to magic! RT Oh that I could deliver RGB (aka magical hangover cure) to all of the people of the world.
hey wat u up to today
I totally agree.
no problem. I just sent you an email. Looking forward to hearing from you man!
is cracking an actual whip too severe?
RT : NO! Loved him. RIP Junior Seau.
Synchronicity in hyflex design is a challenge or an opportunity - a crisitunity!!
reading Driven now and enjoying. Also loved Gutshot Straight by Lou Berney
mom leaves for Fla tomorrow....so jealous!!!!
Sounds great! Children are so enjoyable!
Thanks for the follow back :)
John Cho And Clark Duke Join Jason Bateman In The Identity Thief Melissa McCarthy also on-board.
I'm so tired but today was good.
Shooting over four hours of new footage today : D
You'd be amazed- Adobe customer service actually *hung up* on my friend Chris, who waited on hold for help for over 700 minutes.
and SInging together?? 2 words... HELL YEA <333
Yeah ask them
Surely you can't be serious... that's amazing
Jane Lynch, Carol Burnett Set for BACKSTAGE AT THE GEFFEN, 6/4 - Broadway World
Recurrent ear infections and the hearing test is just a precaution. Complained of "chug chug chug" sound last go-round.
So after last tweet being said follow my other page for business & support
January 14th Waterstreet Music Hall with and ... You best be there,maybe will even have some MERCH?;0
Aldridge has to work his way inside the Olympic circle, but a big man who can stick the 20 footer... that's a skill Team USA could use.
What do you know about the National Strength and Conditioning Association?
"Justin what do you wanna be when you grow up" "im ganna be, im ganna be, im ganna be a.... Crossing Guard"
Sounds great! I'm looking forward to reading your tweets. :)
I hope that social media helps people more than it harms them - Dear God, please let twitter make me money.
LOL beezys hahaha“: I just saw a chick sprinting in stilletos. Say what you want about LA girls, but these beezys are talented.”
I would guess. some have serious allergies, stomach disorders, gluten intolerance... others don't... etc etc.
looking forward to our webseries. It is going to be fun!
Congrats! We are excited to publish your work!
kerbey lane lunch, food trailer festival, free delta spirit show, then manchester orchestra also for free? WHY AM I LEAVING AUSTIN?!
Ha! Shaved yesterday. Was scaring the baby. I support you. RT : Hey are we supporting #movember with mustaches tomorrow?
Exactly. No wonder I'm always lost.
haha! Made me think of a lot of our clients; we are in Charlotte, lots of bankers & investment people.
Hmm good lax session
Nothing better than shooting playoff game for their new #digideck platform~only thing better would be sighting.
RT #bpchs Keep your heads up, thoughts positive and know we are a family regardless... So true! God bless!!
good to know. I wasn't sure how well they would protect the wearer.
Take a peek at my new site WWW.mybizxchange.com
Lord of the g strings lol
Do you like energy savings? Do you like easy, efficient home improvements? Well, "like" me on facebook, I can help! www.facebook.com/mkeme2
and now I'm crying inside... just helped a customer looking for shelter for his infant son & wife.
In a pissy ass mood.
Can't connect to shared drive. I'll take it as a sign it's time to go home.
Hi Danielle picked up another one. Yeah just when the resids off my other commercial was running out yes
just east of Viterbo right?...wasn't there in 03
if you really want to get crazy try a couple bowls of Count Chocula
I'll let him know you think so. He's also got a cannon for an arm, which pairs nicely with his massive, air-filled swings.
ONLY people without smartphones. Which means you can't have this type of conversation. So, go away.
Wine bloggers! Need a quiet place to think and write during #WBC11? Come check out OpenSpace- show your credentials and get a Free Day Pass!
Going to shower then sleep (hopefully)
are you gonna tell everybody it's a work?
Complete the sentence...."I have a better chance of (fill in the blank) than winning the latest Mega Millions!
Time flies. I'm not that old! ;)
The day is going good so far!
Either a song from one of them, if you like or dig their music!
Just made some cooling lemonade with fresh lemons and stevia. Sweet, really healthy, high in vitamin C and perfect for this hot weather.
he's not hahah
text me!!
Wow can't believe Phoenix is on the brink of eliminating Nashville! Really don't want to see the NHL owned Coyotes go any farther...
I will do that, movie do the books justice? Thanks, tragedy and I just pray he makes it through okay. How's your week?
Thanks. Hope you were able to enjoy the sun!
when will you be back?!?
Haha yup yup I see you up too! Fist tap
am finishing up the Oakland Arts information package. Looking for local artist soon...
Woohoo!! RT : Can't wait to have dinner with the queen Tomorrow night!
Hi Lavina....thanks for returning the follow!
Nap time
RT : Got my workout in, now picking up new business cards then heading to get glammed up for !
I will do the Nationals, I agree- good idea. Thanks for sending out my link!
Went to a highschool hockey championship game that was 3 1/2 hrs long! Six 14 minute periods and a loss, is tough!
Excellent choice.
I can't wait to try Wiredoo!
It takes a boy ro create a baby & a man to raise one
Well, it's Friday and pay day so I can't complain...good week! How about you?
Precious is such an intense movie!
the unit is on West Africa and I was planning a "dessert" type project (board game) I am now trying to adjust it to pbl
Iron Man star Justin Bieber but Justin is only in 3 scenes, Justin will be Tony Starks in his teens.
Today's #MarvelMarathon kicked ASS! Thanks go to and for joining us for the AVENGERS prep. Loved it.
Hi how are you?I would like to know if there's going to be another #LiveToDance?I still remember D'angelo&Amanda:D great dancers
dude the new video is fucking sick bro!!! I love it! miss u guys man. bout to retweet the fuck out of it!!
Wana cry myself ta sleep !
still sad but changing mind now im watching ghost adventures
Listening is the most valuable tool online. Solid advice
: #YOLO Y=You O=Only L=Love O=One Direction! Soo true haha;)
thank you!
too good to follow people back.
Warnex Receives Funding for 'Touch DNA' Analysis
Just realized it's probably not a good idea to live tweet my paper-writing difficulties when my professor follows me.
I Will Always Lovee You '!
shut-up your annoying.
R.I.P ICONiac!
Study says: After 12 weeks, women given a diet with whole wheat products lost 7.9 lbs.
ever since they passed up Jordan in 85 they've been fucked
Hash Tag for Rally to Restore Sanity is
Pretending I have Amnesia works everytime
We just left and rolled down there. We'll be ready in a sec. Were there from 11:30 till 1:30
RT A big thank you to La Costa Canyon High School Cheerleaders, Breea Renee (Help Breea Beat MS), Aj Rockit
RT : NICE, VERY NICE. Right back atcha! Laughed today with "sun jacket" comment. Let's get that word in circulation.
I think and need to call out the piss pour showing by #cubs fans!
RT : I just bought my #Titanic Exhibition tickets. I CAN'T WAIT. I have been dreaming of this since I was 5. Thanks <3
I love Jane Cobb
We've had a mild winter so far here in Columbus ... it's going to get bitter cold before you know it. Still time to get a furnace tune up!
Tell me about this level, what's included?
virginia tried to become part of our everyDAY joke again....
RT : #GOD You open all the doors... I will be your faithful servant.
..it hurts that bad!!
"In all things be a master of what you do and say and think. Be free."
yo it be Jose..
Still thinking about 'Time Stands Still' -- heart-wrenching, provocative & brilliantly performed. Go see it!
“: #lovetherunyourwith5k, unimpressed w event pageantry and race gifts $40 got me” did u at least get a shirt??
lmfaoo hell yea
Let's all pray that Ben & Jerry's stays out of the #FishFry game... Go get your free cone today though!
Shot at Toro with for a video series. Jamie will be featured in October. Thanks for the hospitality Chef!
What's up everybody!!
Carwash, new bike tire and I'll be ready to roll
Haha. Well truth be told, we've been saying nasty things about you for weeks and I thought it was time to tell you.
Watching Law & Order and wondering how I made it out of NYC alive this weekend.
The Big Band Dance was a success!
I will tell him hi. If I could sing like her, we'd learn their songs. Haha. Can't wait til the CD comes out
So her theory is that today's men are somehow better at their jobs because past men did similar jobs?
Capital improvement program underway! New lobbies & elevators, upgraded fire safety system
Going downtown for an event tonight? Try our FREE shuttle service from Daily Grill at 6th and Flower. Call (213) 622-4500 for details.
Lock your doors
Valentine's Day is secretly one of my fav holidays...
Spring break 2013
range time would be great, but this week's weather isn't looking so good.
keep up the great work. Always enjoy your articles.
Aubrey O'Day thinks ridiculously highly of herself. Isn't she known for being in a failed girl group?!
Maestro enjoyed working on client projects today: a new KIOSK for a trade show, several elearning modules, and a flash animation process.
So cold in the ABQ tonight!!! Bundle up with someone you love, or have a drink at
Two more weeks of school for me! Slowest weeks of my life...
"looks like an indefinite relegation for Woodall and ..."
Ok. Goal is to finish my planning in ONE hour, so I can go to bed early. I'm tired as heck today.
I know! So much to do, so little time! In fact, assembling, stuffing and stamping wedding invitations tonight!
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim and end of human existence
This is pathetic
RT : Working at The Sailor's Muse today w/ Having a hard time finding lezbo music to listen to. Help
I can't Sunday. I'm entertaining out of town friends. I might be free tonight. Dunno yet!
Enjoyed her lovely concert: #ElizaVeta here at #TBWA\Chiat\Day
Laid down and decided to listen to Samuel Jackson narrate "Go the fuck to sleep"...... It actually worked. #SleptGood as shit too.
so stupid ! I HATE people who just want you to follow them & in the next second the unfollow YOU ?! what the ... ?
i got a friend out here who just put me on to a bunch of survivalist game too... stalking prey, finding edibles,
hi, wanna hang out?
Unlike the #TeaParty, #occupywallstreet is NOT funded by billionaires. This is what a real grassroots movement looks like
strictly family
Baby sitting <<<
-_- that was a good one !
I am wincing and wincing and wincing and watching 127 Hours.
#hth2012 Yan: giving great talk. Looking at dynamics of Web media / nationalism and heritage. "Bottom up" is not always pretty!
And yet, they drink out of the toilet...RT Dogs have the ability to taste pure water, but humans cannot.
By starting my backchannel tweet with , it won't appear in my followers' feeds unless they're also following
The Photosynth is very cool!!!
oops. I'm sorry it made me want to die a little bit. But it being long enough to see your pretty face twice was a plus.
Let's get to the root of the problem, here. Humor vs. HumoUr. There's another colourful debate.
go to google and type in "how to make a resume" I'm pretty sure they have some standard fill in the blanks or prototypes avail
Hooray for fall mornings!
Redoing the red in my hair
Library snapshot day is tomorrow. So you know. Go to your library, see what they're doing. :-)
I would not put it past him AT ALL. He needs professional help.
Delayed does not always mean denied
thanks!! Yes I'll def stop by this weekend to celebrate :)
todai is my birthday can u plz follow me and my 2 friends and and I iwll give u a follow back
I've been to Phoenix/Mesa many times when I lived in L.A. My niece lived there B4 moving to CA. Love it
go out and have fun! Me and are going out tonight 2. Maybe we'll run into u guys since u aren't going 2 porters...lol
I'm feeling GREAT. Who else is feeling fantastic?!?! Saw my best friends, ate a chicken cheesesteak, and drank lots of sangria.
About this girl...? She has a very pop and funk style, she doesn't sing she MAKE REALLY BEAUTIFUL SOUNDS! And about love...?
No Wichita shirt man?
It's National Chemistry Week!
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld Love & Basketball ( :
when/where is Wordpress?
probably a t shirt version.
Latest project #NoorKhan was #WW2 British OSE agent served as radio operator in occupied France later captured & killed at
Today is my birthday yay!!!!!!
WhyTF won't my computer connect to the free public wifi at LAX? What is this little gameboy-looking icon in my connection strength? #?
Apparently I didn't "pause" long enough at a red light.... LA has decided to charge me hundreds for making a rt on red. Really?
oh, dirty!
Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche~ The miserable have no other medicine But only hope.
Awesome time in Middlebury with and the Mokaad crew...we done did it YO
thank you! "What a beautiful store! Probably the best #ecommerce furniture store we've ever seen."
by1982.com is up & running in the new office! now is the time to get web & print marketing projects off the ground!
hasnt Cody been there before? Im from Washington. and then im sure you will see Cody eventually! :D and stupid NSYNC
Nothing is real.
Will do.
Do you know any #bayarea #restaurants that feature #performers for brunch? or dinner? Please share!
Thanks! :) RT : follow ! she the best!
Our kids really seem to thrive w/ the horse program, girls especially. It seems like the ADHD symptoms go away around animals
LEXG moving nice.
Where is my decision?
RT : Just because #Autism Awareness Month is officially about to end, it doesn't mean that the Autism Awareness has to end...
Just read a couple of Feynman's books. He was smarter than the rest of us.
I just can't get enough
I don't even know how to use it. All these pound signs.
3 hour naps after school >
“When Good Design is Used for Evil”, 5 minute Ignite-style talk. Anna Eaglin,
I dont want Kyle.
dear alexx i heart u!! bahaha lol i wanna marry harry style ths a random tweet(;
I will go to any freeway ramp for a compliment. On my way!
A1: Email marketing enhances your credibility and can help differentiate your company
Sure thing!
For a hundred that can bear adversity there is hardly one that can bear prosperity.
OMG. You are great guy? And.. belieber too? hhe.
I haven't been able to get onto tumblr, I'm really sorry but its just not working whenever I try load it, I might be missing a
At the #americanmusicawards press conference
drop the 'E' on Xcel.
Never going back to my docs.. They don't help me .
I saw some on ebay you can bid on that matches your description.
Come check out my presentation at the Sheraton Resort at Anaheim (CA) today - 12:30pm(PST) - on EmPOWERment. It's going to be fun and...
do you remeber performing at Camp About Face in Martinsville, IN?? i think you came in 2001 or 2002.. i was there! :)
hey follow me! #1 (:
Happy birthday ! You've given me years of stories and a way to bond with my parents and I didn't get you a thing! Forgive me
Likewise Lisa. Let's do it again soon. Maybe next time we shoot to be on Jerry Springer. Great seeing you!
Yes, I did just use the ladies bathroom at the bar.
One is a job, and one is a hobby. But anything to make money and stay afloat in this topsy-turvy economy of ours.
#giftwrapping. it's that time of year...
They should CO-EXIT!
Brewers themes Yes! Yes! Yes! tshirts will be made this season
rather laugh with the sinners than cry with the saints
Rules of life: #1 trust god. #2 love your family. #3 deal with choir. #4 no pufters.
should be good, and the kids too!
The Current TV Statement firing Olberman is awesome. You're fired...signed Al Gore.
Thanks for the follow!
At my alma mater RT : Weyeneth: wall constructed by slaves, one brick still has handprint of slave IN THE BRICK!
Exactly. Pay what is necessary to bring in a difference maker, especially if they generate revenue!
Ghetto Word of the Day: Dictate “His dictate like shit”.
<~~~ Happy National Siblings Day! I love you, sisters!
i love kate upton
you need to add to do interviews on Fox/Fuel & find new PBP as well, move Anik to color
"This My Last Time , Not Asking Anymore, If You Don't Do Right, I'm Walking Out That Door."
QOTD: "Smart phones are hella scary, dude. They're getting to smart." -Edgar Lima (my little brother)
What is art? Prostitution. ~ Charles Baudelaire
Definitely going to have to use at least one of those if I can. I think "disembark the page" is my favorite.
I didn't see anything in the press release that detailed funding source. Did you?
Align & Yoga Flow Series: This #yoga series builds on the foundational basics of the #asana practice.
Itching for that paper <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
gene wilder is turning 80 next year. my mind has been blown.
Sold! Don't give into the 3 hour rule. It's a fine balance. As long as it comes with sugar & flour...all is right in the world!
Love new ideas. My book 'The Maya Prophecy'(soon to be published)may give a different twist too!!
if you had the ikeep you would of never of dropped your phone.Btw I'll kill you in temple run
you skate? Ha
Last week flew by as per usual- sent you one today :)
Sometimes tweeting feels like screaming at the top of my lungs in the middle of a football stadium full of other shouting people.
Thank you for my BOMB nails!!!!
Happy bday to my future Baby mama and divorced wife she always playing with my emotions
hey u wassup!
Cancel the screen cast. Google + isn't quite ready for that. Gotta find something that will screen cast live.
AGONY COLUMN-God, Guns, & Guts music video
Feel honored. Idiot is afraid of you and you know it.
OK, thanks!
you didnt have a big part in piranha 3dd
Hope everyone had a great weekend!
Yea!! Thanks!!
two weeks of manicures have been those colors respectively. I love them.
RT : 79 days till I go to 301 in London, Oxford, Paris, and Normandy.
tell your friends to follow usto get amazing discount
Christmas Vacation with the Griswolds will always be my favorite holiday movie. "is your house on fire Clark?"- aunt Bethany
the real reason you care less and less about the nfl is cos ur geordies boys are 3rd in the premier league
"The High Cost of Bathing" Bathing fell out of favor in the middle ages, when filth on you was considered protection against illness....
Tropical nurseries are filled with ferns bromeliads and orchids...such amazing plant species! I want to take them all back to NYC
Seriously, allergies - what gives?
I don't even think God can help us with that one...
Bodybuilding is much like any other sport
It is always the wrong time of month.
Jeremiah feared his youth somehow disqualified him from his destiny. Don't let what you won't always be hold you back from divine destiny!
Ah studio life, you can be so tedious.
Wow, if Ron Paul joins for VP, then The Mitser will get my vote.
isn't it?!
k...? that wasnt even a video
Might we ask why you feel this way?
NEED TWINS FOR YOUR NEXT FILM CONTACT US, WE LOVE WORKING.
You think you know EVERYTHING
im coming back monday boo!
also we would like at least 1 month refund because of wasted time and lost productivity. I haven't been able to work
Time to get some lunch. I'm thinking the lunch of champions with the most awesome of foods; the
So a glass of wine and cuddle up in my bed alone, movie night all night...
Two more days until our Grand Opening at Navy Pier!
You need to focus on the positives, Gary. Like, um...OK, well...gimme a second. You know what? Never mind. We suck.
#healthcare is not the problem - healthcare administration needs change. I.e claims,processing,etc
resistance is futile!
#excited :)) Wrote with today at #Curb!! Really good song;) And noww...homework :P
hey what happened to your FB page ???
hell to the yeah! He should
Can't wait until 2:30 ... we bout to get it poppin!!!!!
QB for Army is named Santiago. So many A Few Good Men quotes running through my head. And he didn't pack a thing. And he didn't call a soul.
That depressing moment when you wake up in the best part of a dream.
How do you stop students from getting distracted by links? Say read it through first, then back to links. But will they do that?
Wanna try something new...
Can I hit it in the morning without giving you half of my dough and even worse if I was broke would you want me?
Thornton May. What the IT Leaders of the Future Need to Know. Session
already followed u! :)
Thanks much! Spring fashion has arrived!
Both Tauruses. Mine's coming up this Sunday.
Unfortunately it got worse today.... Stay tuned. Bed came. But........
To clarify: I mean scholarship on, not by, trans folks. Having read a lot of it really did a number on me.
# Team Beauty # Team Star # Team Babydoll # Team OMG ....
he ant get none last night so don't try to fight his bitch ass keep that job
dude Dreamsnacks is a great band name
Looking for awesome antiques & found a #Pucci scarf in the process. A Pucci scarf for $5.
In times of uncertainty, you must press past the limits of how far you think you can go. You will see God & that He was there all along.
those do sound like awesome pants. And I liked your other tweets BTW
i retweet to show my shame
thanks for the photo. Makes and I so happy to see you having fun. Did your mom ever make you cookies?
Spasibogt Stevengt gt gt gt The ticket of gt Copyright of Of codeWeavers of Incas :-)
good times!! We missed u at the game Jordan! Xo
4 million users and 5 thousand corporations can attest to one thing: #CST works!
tea party kicked off shortly after this time period
I'm only going to keep playing as long as some of that money goes to bathroom renovation :)
Just got home and woke my wife up to chewing lifesavers and how cool they are when they sparkle in the dark. Not sure she appreciated :)
has google taken you over too??“: O man, I feel the urge to paint a real big map on the floor. Again.”
lol shit would be funny as fuck ... But the cops probably on to us trackin our tweets we need a new plan
How could you expect to run with the wolves at night when you spend all day strutting with the puppies?
Text me your nam if u are going to scottsdale az I will get u vip free drinks and bottle service text or call me 480 233 5463
Only if you make me.
Thank you for naps, Lord!! I definitely need one, today. Wow.
i love ur long hair will u marry me maryse ?
IF THIS COUNTRY'S GOV. IS OF THE PEOPLE, BY THE PEOPLE, FOR THE PEOPLE THEN WE CAN'T BE BROKE, THE COST OF THE CAMPAIGNS PROVE THAT!! lol !!
Thanks Doug.
what happen???
nice sun chips loser
Robbie and I are eating "Cuties".... yummy
awww Happy Halloween
I don't know if A-rod knows this but there is no such thing as a 5 run HR!!!! Just get a base hit you fuck we needed runners
IDK. daughter has her last indoor game, of which I am the coach...weighing the possibilities..may skype my coaching :)
One last set before this #Arkansas adventure draws to an end.
This year bullies can't make me feel bad. Make me cry. Or even make me sad. 'Cause I am STRONG, girlfriend!
Gluck boo!! There's a fish fry on Friday with your name on it <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I hope you are watching this mate. Biggest league game ever. Man UTD are clutch...
but she is a brunette of precisely the opposite type to the architect's wife, it is learned, and is a graduate of Vassar college.
Happy Halloween all you kinky perverts out there!!
Welcome to the #LincolnPark #Chamber !
Eldrad, Sanginary Guard, Grey Hunters, Hellions, Long Fangs.
I thought was Puerto Rican.
