The link to Becca's blog is now fixed. Thanks for bringing that to our attn!
not much, just laying in bed :p you?
humans gradually begin to shrink in
Exactly! That is the sweet spot to strive for.
"This is the time to get rid of Donald Trump." -- Obamacare
RT Change your thoughts and you change your world. - Norman Vincent Peale
another runoff has been requested, now 9 total for state & congressional races, deadline to request a runoff is Thursday @ noon
hey! Thnx for finding me :)
Here comes the bitch
The text I just got.. Unknown number..
Check us out and download our acoustic demos for free. Tell us what you think. @ www.harkerwolfley.com
RT RT : "Once they see that you're doing better without them, then they decide that they want you back."
RT : got followed by yesterday?! I know where I'm going for drinks this weekend!
she still looks pretty young though!
Laying on my yoga mat thinking? I can't wait for Friday #Dbacks game I'm excited I think I'm just going with my nephew lol :)
bye.... it's stupid to leave but okay.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY 2 ALL DA MOTHERS OUT THERE! THX 4 ALL U DO! I SWEAR I APPRECIATE U ALL!
shooting with Chef Tony Maws today at Craigie on Main.
I'm the star of the show and u an extra and we don't need anything extra from the extras. lol
for the HEISMAN TROPHY!!!!
Here's what I tell anybody and this is what I believe
<3 I Love you bestfriend:D
thank you so much! <3
You're too kind!
You coming to Florida while in the States?
i cannot remember a time in my life where I had so much trouble sleeping as I have lately.
throwing Nu Shooz samples around the house
Happy Bird Day Squad! 1017!!!
Good Morning :) Have a good Wednesday! I love you<U+2764>
Don't act annoyed I contacted you in the sales department. YOUR COMPANY chose to put that live chat link on the support page.
you are my sad , sad lullaby . Darling , you make me wanna cry a love song .
If ppl cnt C nothing wrong w/ ths bulls game w/ the refs calling ths bogus calls against them! Something wrong. The nba need 2 look at ths
I'm cute, I know. People have told me ;D ahah jkay <3
Got into my first DrawSomething fight just now...<U+E412>
Worst case of the Sunday-night blues.
oh... I guess we have mildly different interpretations of what a taco is.
RT : "Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere." ~ Albert Einstein
You want to save the country? Kill all the teenagers.
"This is the Usage Police. I'm afraid we're going to have to confiscate your thesaurus."
go look? :p
Today is national dance day!!
damn. Those are some nice words about me. You're too kind.
i hate all social media its made for people to stalker you more than they already do.
Thank you!!!
Dmv new rules. Keep insurance updated fines start at $250 to $1750
Enjoying the #thatcamp / #GLthatcamp conversation. Thanks for tweeting!
Good afternoon!
This house is a mess.
I LOVE YOUR FACE :D
"mary, do you want to watch a movie?" mary: "yeah! Lets watch talladega nights, because I love pacing and I love will ferrell!"
Making a cover or remix with ; That's All I Really Wanna Do (:
never been. heard good things and bad. let me know how you like it
Idk what's up with all these angry tweets, I'm not in a bad mood at all...
Booby V pissed
Raise your hand if you got silly last night. And retweet this so you receive proper credit.
Oh my god, you're having full fledged convos with Alfonzo. lmao
Psyched to see and at transmedia panel.
u look so good together! i wish Penny an Lenard could be together again!
I don't like to be presumptuous but it's lunch time so I'm going to make a sandwich.
SHE IS THE ONLY WOMAN IN THE WORLD, WHO KNOWS WEAR MEAT, METAL, BE IN A EGG AND REALLY HIGH HEELED!!! I LOVE YOU! Follow back :)
Thoughts are not real, experience is real. Experience each moment fully and you are always in reality.
hey, you're the one who likes the freaky songs! Lmao
Everybody play the game!
How do you say "Go the F**ck to Sleep" in Russian? Join translators tomorrow night to find out! #TranslationMatters,
Ugh, is SO close, yet so far away. I want to hang.
You're very welcome.
Sad fact or happy occasion depending on which side of the equation you're on: People leave ad agencies everyday.
Wow, Sabrina and Troy are both 5 year olds
Just about anyone can agree with this noble sentiment. Back atcha y'all. RT : Happy 2012 friends. Let's make this a great one!
Does anyone know when is back in session?
just received the following message: How old R U and at what age does it become creepy going door2door selling girl scout cookies?
I would like to thank the England goalkeeper for giving hopes to the #USA ! GO TEAM #USA FIFA World Cup
It's amazing seeing Austin's dreams coming true, I just hope he knows that he'll always have his Mahomies supporting him.
Apparently as we come to Best Of 2011 time I'm going to have to confront being the only one who didn't like Lev Grossman's The Magicians.
my cat hates me. I miss Joey so much right now. this has been a hard 6 months without my best friend. He was supposed to 10 this Year
lol key word ARE WE and yhu think im beautiful (thats kinda gay)
I'm giving up online purchases for Lent. For me that's big. That and meat.
I'm pretty sure the baseball fights are over so everyone can stop crying!
solid win by over veteran American Robert Kendrick at 100K Dallas Challenger
free rent 0:-)
from vengeance demon to tech guru. What gives?
Pretty sure my new favorite thing is the Girl Talk Pandora station.
i'm just that good:) jk it was awesome! I've never done that before!
Even Roy Hibbert is showing up LeBron James down the stretch!
Looks like everyone is on empty. Including the suburban I front of me.
whos down to chit chat with me today, I need a buddy
haha you're welcome... nerd. :)
or if u put money in your bank account.. and your credit cards and debit cards would get heavier.. lmaoo that would be crazy
Thanks for following us!
Can we all agree that Los Angeles is the most interesting, creative, and dynamic city in the U.S.? There isn't even any real competition.
": I think my iPhone is broken. I pressed the home button and I'm still at school."
for sure see you soon
hi lil sissie kailey~ good morning~ love you so much my dear lil sis~ have a kaileyriffic day and take care <3
Show tonite in Hatlanta Ga is upstairs from center stage at the Loft: we're on promptly at 8! Bring your hat!
you should do my work and I'll do yours!! Can't believe I didn't think of this before :(
person sitting in front of me on the bus doesn't have the click noise taken off their iPhone
"No good thing will he withhold from them that walk uprightly." - Psalm 84:11
Yep,me too. G'morning!
WHAT?!?! Tell me you're going to be there...
Nice! Thanks for sharing your
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8>
are you in the springs? we have an event for you! 1/26/12 at Red Noland Pre Owned! 6pm, be there with business cards in hand !
. RT : Submissions will open next month. If you've never spoken at Ignite Boulder before, we want your brains.
I gotta sit here and lie about how im feeling.? Nope .
I can honestly say I waited all week for it
Thank you, Boston, for showing us the love at the 2nd Annual Boston Local Food Festival!!!! Rao's Coffee LOVES BOSTON!!!! <3
Warmth calms screaming babies down: study A new study at the University of Chicago Comer Children’s hospital has found that warmth may
Wishing a happy birthday to my precious Bisous bebe! :-) Celebrating with her tonight in BH.
bummer man.. used to be my fav brunch spot ~2004-07 but they kind of fell off. Been lookin for my sure fire Sunday spot ever since.
Bulls vs Spurs tonite.. ESPN
At wrkn on our mew camera system with
me pica mucho la espalda / My back is so itchy.
1/2 hour ago it was sex. u better find a story and sticck to it
No!!!!!! Whitney? Soundtrack to my teen years. Wow.
Good morning!
no. no i don't. i must never learn that horrid phrase.
lol okay just seein what's up with my dawg
Motion carries unanimously to support S Texas medical school. Now on to Austin med school proposal.
I feel like a Das Racist concert
Dreaming is Believing
About to head out For Some Mexican food
#Oscars happy to hear Iranian movie #separation won. It's worth watching. Loved the editing.
Fun set tonight at ! Set list: 88 mph>drawer>scrubbadubbin>binox, sheep>what beach?>88 end>coma toast (ending only)
Girls change like the weather, never could be mad that's how GOD made them.....
Doing head shots tonight for Emerge 2012 Emerge NM!
Great party the other day - thank you, I met so many amazing people.
I like how after telling a deep as story...she shakes her head and is like wait what? I was so out of it. lol
The Mad Frog is at 1 E. McMillan Ave. Cincinnati, OH 45221 and now we're on Twitter. Follow us for all concert and promotion announcements!
Making #Easter plans? Celebrate @ #RedMarlin's buffet brunch for the family! PLUS: there’s an underwater Easter egg hunt! Call: 6192241234
"Governments will topple when women show their faces..." Roseanne Barr, July 26, 2011, talking to Amy Goodman on "Democracy Now"...
RIP NATE DOGG!
Our "Team Unbeatable" dodge ball team wants to play, we just cant wear our shirts cause yall beat us 6 years ago! Re-Match?
Watching Sweeney Todd c:<
buying me flowers for my birthday >>> you picked a winner!
I'm sick of waiting. I'm starting my training now!
By the time you learn the rules of life, you're too old to play the game.
then on to B&N
haha, it's just the way it always is Elin. But I have used for over 2 years. Pink streaks ( :
Peacemakers Campaign Kickoff Webinar - A Simple Way to Counter Islamophobia - Thursday July 28 @ 9pm EST www.instantpresenter.com/unity2
": Ferrets can suffer from depression.” most likely is the case with Rudy
Remember, if there is no good, logical reason for that site to link to you, you don’t want the link
I can't believe she's still alive...
I feel sorry for anyone w/o a smart phone
this seclusion shit is NOT wassup. im seein some things that make me very unhappy.
Everyone loves a comeback story! RT : Without setbacks, there are no comebacks. Comebacks reveal character.
Did u get a hairs cut
Hip Hop changed the world RT “: Hip Hop is a way of life for us........”
Tanning is good lol #tan #guidette wanna be <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Dying for a half hour
Enjoying the Dempsey bump. Thanks for the plug!
I think we're well past the point of caring what Ozzie Guillen has to say about anything. Who else?
I second that. RT more excited that I probably should be for the #arduino workshop at
hey DM me!
What is not started today is never finished tomorrow.
was just watching majors and minors and its amazing!!! these kids r awesome!!! i cant wait to c where adam lambert fits in to all of this.
for sure!!! I agree w/ you on that one
I think docs are more or less empowering depending on how passionate you are about the cause/issue
Believing in yourself is an attitude. You weren't an accident. You weren't mass produced. You aren't an assembly-line product. You were …
Braces are off! :3
"Ah yeah. The bounce brothers are here to make you jump!!"
what's up sue!
Are there any Philadelphians out there who are interested in having her ticket? Class is tomorrow night, 7 pm, at Field House, $15.
Study history if you want to understand business.
Partying this whole weekend amd next week u go sell ya body to make up ya rent money
shhhhhhh ladies... the Wisco weather gods will might hear you.
Never bother a girl listening to her iPod. She wants to be alone. She's in her own world.
It's official! world record holder of surfing the largest wave! Congrats!!
First big lesson of the new decade: Getting one's hair cut in the airport is always a gamble.
Who is heading to Jacksonville Carnival?
I am raising a7 yr old PDD,ADHD with speech delays. I feel u
to look @ or listen to??
brad dody!! get it right!
Yeah. Some of us prefer the Internet to be something more than just a customer service platform.
so going commando is your answer? lol
Pfft. I guess my equivalent in KY would be Moon Pies.
Call your sons and daughters! RT ALERT: Phil Humber is perfectly bad through 1/3 of an inning. Find a TV.
Tower Heist? I enjoyed that film. I wish Eddie Murphy was hosting the #Oscars. Sorry, Billy Crystal.
just watch...its getting good.
NO YOU DID NOT. I am Zach Porter. You can not speak to me that way.
Really?! What road?
I'm a LIL worried my chills just turned into sweats
I'm always late for Antosz on Wednesdays
FOR REAL?
i hope we win! GO LADY DEVILS!
Going to watch beast it up in lacrosse!
I haven't had the effort to unfollow them haha, and Im on a following limit because of it -____-
Tyler may seek revenge on Klaus too, which will make for fun drama since Caroline is falling for Klaus.
Is it socially acceptable to bring a cardboard cutout of Alan Rickman to prom?
I hope it means it's still coming, just that Namco Bandai will take it more seriously than Capcom did...
Most People Endure So Much Pain Because They Refuse To let Go Of The Familiar-smb
officially done with school. Feeling good feeling great
you will never follow me </3
Gonna be exhausted tomorrow but I will not rest til I see who wins ! Haha also excited, plays "Boyfriend" live!
Feel like I've been sick forever! <U+2639>... watching #MichaelCollins ,,great movie
I just got a post card in the mail making David look like a lost realtor! He is a true Hoosier and we are proud to support him! SWAG!
Great seeing you. Not the best I've ever looked lol
back to front
I don't like when i have to cancel one event for another cuz they just run to close together
Heads up Nevada as of today, no texting, tweeting or talking on phone without hands free device
needed some help flyering , came through with two very helpful people!
Looking forward to talking about #ACA MT: Guest hosting 3-6pm ET today. Hour 3 Guests:
i luv u
The guy I like, likes my worst enemy. Great I feel the tearing.
Come home to me, come home to me, back into my arms, home where you belong
I didn't know record labels could make peoples mouths water. Wow. Thanks for that.
Cos I have softball Saturday/Sunday & two projects to do hopefully we can figure out somethin for tomorrow
it must be loud talk Saturday. The same phenomenon is going on here at the Garden.
MT : #PdPlus tlking abt how & team are very engaged with audience & world. It's a 2 way convo.
You gotta celebrate the little things:)
Support my girl Dawn!!! #housemusic RT : New MN2S with Reelsoul & Dawn Tallman - now live on !
I love the #Reds like I love #UK and this game is killing me. Sean Marshall is not the guy I want closing, ever
YAY! I got your book.
#OccupySupermarkets is a great idea, we need to take a stand against Big Food's toxic products and support local farms
Wow, thanks for the tip. Does it work?
i have coordination....gravity and i just don't get along! but that would happen hahaha.
Frozen Bananas with chocolate! YUM!
Sorry I meant that to be pic #4 my bad -
come on i know your following more than 3. two i am watching but havent seen an opp yet
Scratch that. There's room on the form for THIRTY-NINE approval signatures.
thank you! great to have the update :)
Gift card for is still waiting to be found!! #RepeatReceipt come find us !!
Great Interview. I become a bigger Kim English fan every time I hear him speak.
Well I hate to say it but Lil Wayne is the best rapper in the world and Kim Kardashian is on top of the world with fashion :) lol
I love overheating tourists ask directions only to find the local likes to talk a lot. "Oh, my cousin is from WI, very similar to Germany!"
great choice! Enjoy :)
Tell me #LasMargaritas,, why do you FAIL so bad at Fujitas?
hubby is trying to write so I respect others works.
- one very important fact; the sun is always shining. You Simply can't see it.
Really enjoying my time here with the family.
Do people tend to buy on tablets the same way as computers?
My first bus ride on NFTA went well!
Picked up so goodies at , you gotta love @ off
lol I know exactly what u mean. But I wanna do something in the medical field. I already have a degree in management. Might go
Some days.. you just feel like you can't catch up.
Done. Floyd proved he was the class of the fight that final round. Judges probably have Money by a big margin but it was closer than that
Gonna make a Response video with my buddy Laly!!! Tmrrow c:
holiday today
why no song by the on that Parenthood sdtk? that would have been my sole reason to buy it.
May the poop be with you.
I feel like I'm in some medical horror movie
When drinks chewing tobacco spit >>>>> hahahahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Chili's :)
Solid tanking RT : Batum, Matthews and Crawford are a combined 3 for 17 from field, 1 for 8 on threes, at halftime.
Stoked for our show tonight can't wait to see everyone!
OMG I love Twix.
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone!
The holiday sale started today and the sale starts Thursday. Check them out and support local artists!
I think we have the same phone. LOL Sometime I long for the photo options, but that's it.
Grace is picking up my cap and gown
Germany's bank shouldve known better than entrusting its gold with the NY Fedeal Reserve Bank! Is it still there? I betcha it's GONE!
Yes, not too long ago I was complaining about being the parent of a high schooler soon. Now I am just ready for 8th grade to be over
you are such a bad influence! ;) I'm now addicted to Vera Bradley! :)
Lmfao at my mom giving me permission to be a whore
a little lol
For Hamilton council at large I am going with Bruce Breeden and or Ralph McKinney.
not me
No, press releases are not considered black hat due to dup. They just don't pass link juice until rewritten.
njuice will be in the APP store shortly but in the meantime, you can be apart of the beta test
Tues. Jan 3, 2012 - Today's Pink Slip "Diary of a Black Author" Topic: Today's Topic comes from one of my favorite quotes from the book:
Yes indeed! Hope all is well up north.
Oh yea definitely, but that was recent which is why I said weird.
including you (x
What about lesser apes, like gibbons?
you take me to heaven just by being you.<3
Used to live off 35th in Wedgewood.. still miss The Broiler!
Well, tbh, I was naming reasons why I assume people don't mention me. But I'll try to do so when I see you on here. Ha ha ha
My view on this season: Complete failure. Alzner had it right. Complete underachievement. Am I proud of how they came together? Yes. But...
Taking a moment to make my personal to-do list... make pointe shoe appt, stop by studio, check on missing costumes, sew, clean, cook dinner
What kind of cereal should we use for next batch of munchies?!!
Sometimes you just need a real good cry. Hello #Netflix and your sad movies. Now I can have an excuse.
Don't I & ur Mom have a say in our future kid name? Lol
hahahaha "nahh juss playin, im hurr ta stay, the way that i talk makes people think im gay" hahaha
heading there as we tweet!
yes that's gross
Wisconsin blows cheese curds!!
#SongsYouHaveToDanceTo "Rock Lobster" by the B-52s
Thanks Enjoy the weekend!
that sounds really good. Save me some lol.
Softball time? Yup! :)
When I die, an automated copy of my obit will be sent out to anyone in the world with my name & attached will be the message "Tag You're It"
Halfprice for next weeks waiting list!
How many camp chefs do you know who tweet? I know one pretty cool guy:
I really can't stand woody Allen. So not watching that one.
I'm thinking about hanging up my new swatch watch, like maybe above the doorway or in the kitchen, cause, i always want to know what time
Class is over, sure come on in ;) I really don't think you need it
Fun fact of the day: Camels have three eyelids to protect themselves from blowing sand.
We are! Glad you love tasc!
#GRAMMYS are the BEST I've ever seen, I want to be a singer so badly,
it was more of a "why is the fit chick stating this" not the "what do u mean" type of huh ...
Actually bout to play little big planet. Again
"We [Seattle downtown area] need to continue to develop an environment that attracts and fosters growth" - Kate Joncas, CEO
what about them?
"All that we see or seem, Is but a dream within a dream." -Edgar Allan Poe
panera green tea....I love you.
Thanks! Snapped that in Arizona :) Its new home is in my main room!
RT to play with us! C'mon tell your friends.
Hi Russ! I am almost finished with another image in the Wildfire series. I will email you details very soon.
Thanks! Bring your friends to enjoy our great dogs and other fixins!
emailing with Benny and David re: letters. Emailing Dean re: Mark letter. Have CVs now for all of the advisory board
First speaker, Carolyn Phillips, says DPW's problems have her worried about other city departments. Says she got 3 prop. tax bills last year
Some great new panoramas created yesterday by JJ. See documentation of our documentation in retweet below. Excited to share!
Hey Tom, give us a shout next year for the nations Top 50 Athletic Schedule Posters. We produce the poster for the Razorbacks.
Hello James. Wal-Mart is one of my favorite places to shop with my girls. You can e-mail me at
It's to mother effin early for all this
On Amtrak and just took in the NYC skyline with a sunset backdrop.
“: Waking up from my nap <<<” literally just did the same thing aha
Thanks You as well :)
Just fell up my stairs
Oh hai! I've joined the "cool kids" apparently, with this wonky new Twitter.
meow mix michael
Total overboard with antibacterial hand sanitizer.
No one is ever too young or too male to be a Yenta
playing puck tonight with my boys and gotta show them the old man has still got it!
miss you too bro!!
#Iwishyouwerehere can't wait to see you again
I felt less of a person ..
I just tie dyed them! Lol
Did you know we have an in-house Professional Bridal Consultant? Set up your appointment with her today to discuss your BIG day.405-879-7015
Half Price tickets to see Arturo Sandoval!!!Thur, May 10th and Sun, May 13th, the 10 PM show only.Get tickets online,use code "AS12"
I don't freak out when I see a bee. (lol jk)
Hope you can make it to in October. Are you in the city? - Kenneth Gartman
We expect tonight's performance of Wicked to go on as scheduled. Parkon main campus, no shuttles. Check back here for updates.
I'm thinking the same thing!! INK!! ": I need a new piercing or tattoo!!!! I need to feel some pain!!! (._. )"
that same thing happened to me. It's a bummer :(
the guy girl screwdriver affect: she is the screw-e, I am the screw-er
Starting the long journey back home, already missing my & crews
Refuckingtweet!!!! RT : You know what I really miss? Going to the friday night football games. ferreal.
Nonthing Really! What About You??
Um I have 2 cigs left I'm buzzed and won't drive...maybe I shoulda planned this out a little better before I took that 1st shot
I'm a winner. I am going to win.
just what doctor Cavallaro ordered
Home from Philadelphia!! Now time to get ready for a wedding tomorrow :)
Im in maryland and its hot as shit!
cool cats (:
Brotherofman show tonight at Headhunters in Austin TX 1130pm. 2 super sets!!!!!
I love you.
didn't know it was possible to love and hate someone at the same time but I do
Between thought and expression lies a lifetime
you are hilarious! Thanks for making me laugh every Wednesday night :)
Have fun! Are you buying or selling?
Hi there - we're not affected by the power outage. Sorry! :) Classes should all still be on.
No sleep once again!
Well..bored with this.. Work till 3:00pm all my school work done except my Corrections quiz o.O yah me.. :} rather be at work than home...
Picks for the National Championship matchup? Mine: Butler vs. Kentucky Kentucky takes it all.
Have your friends follow me & come & play in Andersonville
Tunji Lardner: Elections go well, yet governance is still in collapse
can I come to your place for breakfast :)
What does it taste like?
I don't want to be known as the one who sat on the sidelines while everyone else took risks and enjoyed life!
I'm volunteering at a food kitchen this Thanksgiving to remind myself how fortunate I am that I don't own the Houston Astros.
how's MIA?
The IAC Technical Assistance Panel will start at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 2 of Indiana Government Center South.
..women out there, have the strength, courage..LOVE capacity to embrace him, love him..battle whatever tries to come & take him?
Ughh... School is so boring:/
Hatch has immediate openings for Warehouse Associates in the MKE area! For details, contact us at 414-272-4544 today!
ugghhh i forgot my password wahh!!
thanks for the support and promotion. Cheers to good art.
Paid performances <<
I hope your wife didnt learn to cook from her mom
My hair looks dope right now .
hay hay :) lol
I LOVE U JUSTIN QueremosNegriniconda AHAHAHH
He's a really smart guy. And it was a really ugly combo. So it had to be.
other fans around the world besides the UK. thank you.
trust in God he will give you the desires of your heart, all of them, he mede you and he knows your wants, he gave you a heart to love
hi! FYI we just got 2 california XL's and 1 red pattern xl in.
congrats on the new furry addition to your family! Please share a pic.I hope your two legged family members are doing well too!
Working in Madison today.....
College baseball is amazing b/c the players get HBP on purpose to help the team
yeah man i dont get on enough but im back!!!!!!! bow
Do you just randomly try to eat them thinking this might be the one that doesn't kill you?
Happy December!!!! Happy Birthday 2 my wonderful brother who is turning 12 today!!!:)
yep i am
It’s easy to eat not-so-great at the office. Break the tradition w/ FITzee #vendingmachines! Get in touch to get one in your workplace!
I need some followers asap
RT : He's not even original in his shittiness. Those are things Jim Norton had said on o&a years ago. #Boring&Lame
Happy Friday!
Hi Lee, no couldn't make the show. Glad your $$ went to good causes. LOL
lol yes, it's so true. you make twitter so much more enjoyable for me, now that i can actually tweet to someone :) hahah
like for the banner?
ready to inbox some $..lol
Come on guys. Hardcore dancing is so stupid. You wanna be aggressive? Go ahead. But whatever that shit is, just makes you look ridiculous.
heavy into the making side of things
I realized a lot today
Did you get that track?
Just Announced: The Chicano Democratic Association endorses Bob Filner for Mayor!
“: One more #FF for the NYC Fam! ” I always got love for the BAY!
Researching all about haunted Indianapolis & IN has been so much fun. We're having a blast incorporating things in to our new show.
Halberstam being (sadly) deceased takes him off the "current" list. But I agree—he's one of the all-time elites.
You know it's bad when you see a 35 year old man at Renos with a teenage girl
:) Ha! You watched! So sweet. Thank you! : you looked and sounded great this morning!! You did proud!!
Lucky dog!! We are stuck in a truck stop in Atlanta, GA. I would kill for gravy & biscuits. All that's here is a Wendys.
I'm going to skip school on Friday and study 's Twitter feed and try to better myself as a person.
Very close - but yes.
We are already proud, even without the new music. (: I mean, to go from being 3rd in X Factor, to selling out a tour?! <33
how did your game go?!
Welcome to the team! Justin Coleman, Claude Ramey, Kat Tavitas, Richele Fowler, Charlie Frank, Scot Dishman, and Edward Kelly
Saying goodbye to Sarah...Moving to NYC to open a new Trekk Office. Watch out world!
Good luck with your X Factor audition this week!
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade. - Tom Peters
Still going. My current distance is 6.65 miles. Current song is -
I only printed the pictures! And awe I'm proud of youu!(:
Someone in Twitterverse has annointed Erin as "the goat lady." hahahahaaa
word up bro... Good look
RT : Manning made a mistake today...find out why on the final hour of the Tay & J Show!! Tell me, in Fisher
Me and are being stalked hard core...
true (then we have to go back to Plato uugghhhh). Good to see you tonight! Reminder about next Thurs forthcoming :)
then they get pissed when the teacher yells at them
Treadmill & Gossip Girl.
oh ok
Caught a nice little 45lb sailfish yesterday morning. Good fight. Gotta a few bruises from the rod digging into my hip to prove it!
RT Blake Griffin is so Gay Lmao #KiaSport really guy?
The phones are ringin' My mom and dad are so proud I'm on bandstand. RIP Dick Clark
beautiful morning/early afternoon of knitting, radio, and hanging out.
they not ready for it lol
Let's go bowling.
Note to self...don't itch head with same hand ur smoking with while driving. Causes ciggie burns in ceiling :O
beautiful work, Robert.
will do. love big ed. i think youre the only one i know that listens to the same radio i do. haha.
thanks! I'm happy too! I talked about you a little bit lol, and he said I will be expected to play softball for pep boys ha
Every time I listen to the Marshall Tucker Band I wonder if I am the only one.
On the road again...
One thing I definitely got from my grandfather was his temper.
Planning a trip to Ireland for 2013. What is the one thing you recommend doing?
Bowling with my bitches ;)
: You may have right to forget what you said, but don't have right to make others forget what they heard you say
Well I figured out why Facebook is dead 0_0
downed power lines on I80 thwart our adventure.
haha yikes! If you're looking for less fish, we have the Beefy Texan and a chicken fried steak roll! Not the norm... haha
When I get texts like this, Fwd: Just popped an awesome zit. Wish you were here! >
Scariest day of my life
whoa bitch alert
Just signed up for my 2nd year of volunteering at Tulane's commencement. Anderson Cooper is speaker this year!
im doing the thing where you ask a celebrity a funny question and they write the answer and sign it in you notebook, any good questions?
That awkward moment when won't talk to you because Go Diego Go! Is on.... #umwhat #myboyfriendisfiveyearsold <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
It is, I recommend it. It's a short, fast read, too. Less than 50 pages but dense with IDEAS.
Great headline
Doron Lamb is the 2nd player at UK to score his 1,000th career point in a national championship game (Pat Riley in 1966)
congrats to for bein my 500th contact on LinkedIn. You win...um...Wiz tickets??? ha
they say we locking da city down ppl say they heard it thru da grapevines #FMG i tell em we jus
Really dont feel like being @ school 2day
thinking "PUSH mad vs. mad" tonight at Rollins 9:15? Do it. Great window into another world. Coach Wilson's energy is infectious
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes. - Mahatma Gandhi
A moneyless man goes fast through the market.
#ThatsATurnOff when I see you at the club & you dont want to talk,dance or nothing #wtfareyoudoing here?
Wake up in the morning feeling like Tim Murray. Before I leave, brush my teeth with a little crest because once I leave I ain't coming back
. rightly points out that Square & Über are just different middlemen. So…middle men who are easier/cheaper to deal with.
Dear diary, today I went to a megachurch and ate a deboned pig's face. Both pleasanter than expected! Love, jord.
alright go
Ugh , what happend to that beautiful sun? >.< #hate the rain -.-
Never felt so good
In case Ron Artest (Metta World Peace) doesn't already make millions, now hes releasing a mix tape. Smh
Dan, what is NuRide?
Thank you! I appreciate it. Happy Sunday!
Why are all vinnyss attractive. LOl ceptt this one I know but besides him the rest are like unfunfunf
S\O to.My NF
Just watched Morel-Mares. Seemed like the only punch Morel could land during the fight was his jab. Never came close to hurting Mares.
The changing face of hash tags has me exhausted
oh no! Fritz!
I wanted to order a cup and a shirt from the bookstore
nice. I'll be all over NC this week. Then Boston.
Got folded into the #surveyofdoom for a second time. I DO work with the web! Surprise! cc/
God I love this weather, I'm never gonna live where its cold ever again.
Unofficial Election Results: Easley Sweet Barrel Red - 100% Delicious.
WWW.OhioAnimalCompanion.org check it out! Sign up for our newsletter
But how can we share with others who teach the same students w/out written plans?
A Whole String Of Bad Economic News Today... via
Hey check it out! I'm texting while bicyc
The good times make the bad times worth our time
It feels like I'm bout to cry but I'm not..
hey r u wearin ur bball jersey to school tomorrow?
Bynum big ass need to come thru BareFace and get laced up.
About to be a good night :)
I'm going to open a school called The Mr. StandClear School of Disembodied Poetics.
whatever bro haha
Wow I was so awkward with tonight...
Always look forward and keep going.
Ok, let me stop feelin' myself .....caus I'm not a celebrity ...Today
A2: Woods' has right idea. Horrible execution. Needs tweaking, and better thought behind it. Concept is great though.
thanks for your reco. I'll check it out
punch brothers tonight. second time seeing them...can't wait to get inspired again.
Some day. Not now. But I could see myself to doing lighthouse duty or Antarctica stuff someday.
follow me on Twitter
Hope my profs dont talk cuz if they do its lik DAMN this kid will not stop with the emails!!!!
Something is WRONG with you girl! I hope you've grown as a person since the race.
Jack White blunderbuss
You know why there was no "next week" on Californication teaser at the end of the show tonight? Only one way it can go. Veer hard, writers.
you can take the girl out of the IE but you can't take the IE out of the girl-- haha ;)
danger is relative.
badass man, really professional looking
Today is Wednesday...don't let the calendars fool you!
Definitely angst, the existential variety.
time to bean him Miller, your pitch count is up ther if they kick you, oh well, get em not screw the warning
Just three bench options is weird.
As for being amused by waving colored pieces of fabric, look at how the richies and the Right worship the "almighty" dollar.
Any artist that can make uFeel LOVE, HAPPINESS, HATE, SORROW & PAIN is a great artist. PERIOD
USA Soccer is in the FIFA Confederations Cup Finals! Watch it live at FOX Sports Grill on June 28th!
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you sneeze and no one says bless you
um BITCH idk who you even are. AND IF YOU HATE ME SO GOD DAMN MUCH WHY'D YOU SCROLL DOWN & FIND THAT TWEET? Dumbfucker!
-- TUH Liyah aint pose to to Love NOBODY more than me!!! -______-
I was blown away by Dawes' short set at Club Nokia. Gotta get me some of their CD goodness and quick.
Sure will...
angrier, i do know how to spell... kind of
Trynna find something to Wear
Ebenezer is playing with a Corgi. So much cute!
Thank you for the reply! I wonder how many people become #tarot readers having had a true reading themselves?
my point is, why wouldnt a woman get with a man that doesn't need to act like an alpha male to get what he needs?
Interesting point. Now gossip and bullying is archived for all to see. A new epidemic that needs to be handled.
I say everybodys really cool right? lol
It doesn't work asking yourself if you're there yet. Almost to the Ohio border, sigh.
Feeling so great to be back in my studio!
"The sense that Jackson Pollock could not have been Jackson Pollock without his family is encapsulated here" - New York Times...
Come visit us at our Capitol Pride booth!
ditto here. Was reading about your infamy in the #shephardexpress. Nice to meet ya.
You know a mind is a terrible thing to waste. How 'bout I just went to the bank ATM and a damn fool drove his car in the stall the wrong way
we need to roll down to FCS, and stop wasting money on an exhibition sport. We'll get the same players and actually win a few.
When we're constantly wishing for something, we overlook everything we already have.
Understandable! Enjoy the quite moments when you can!
I soo know what u mean...we took food off the ship at every port to feed the poor strays. the locals dont seem to even
You should download Gimp. It's open source.
I thought he tested for high levels of testosterone? I guess all this guessing is why they don't want news before arbitatuon
Tell me about!
NAPA will hold instant mentoring Friday in 517a. Come talk with practitioners about careers outside of the academy
I will never. eat Wendys. again.
On train reading sales conference notes and tax return - so much fun.
Not sure I want that up there...
Ever considered a Krav Maga class?
my cousin pepe told me you could pass your GED test by answering C for all the questions.
#Jealous - Can't wait to hit that RT ": Transformer ride at universal sickest thing ever."
#2000followers FOLLOW ME AND I PROMISE YOU, I WILL FOLLOW BACK! RT?
Finally I can play facebook videos on my iPhone!
it's under your phone settings. Not the twitter app.
niggas really got time ta blow up a chick phone like dat? lol
<U+2661>Under - pleasure p.
you have me to live for <3
Sweet! Make love not warcraft :)
Might as well face it, you're addicted to love.
WHATS THE NUMBER TO THE STATION AUSTINS ON?
is disappointing me with all these breakdowns.... *yawns* I'm pretty sure it's probably cuz I'm not rolling. :/
I know I was devastated..
Not so so crazy about the design overhaul. And now I'm getting 502 errors.
Bosma Group next at
Autocorrect keeps changing my attempt to write "tomorrow" into "to Oreos." This means something...
Diamond Design Ideas promotion! Exclusive Uncut Hit Shake It by Shay! Check it out!
Amen. Actually presenting on analog/digital interplay now in San Fran at #KAConnect2012 /
Yeah baby!
#Heroin in AK. A closer look at the epidemic that's claiming a record number of Alaskans in Pt 1 of our series tonight at 10 on
I can't fathom resembling Hoarding: Buried Alive I don't understand the lack of ability to throw away trash or things. Just don't get it.
Tonight #FREE #STANDUPCOMEDY in Santa Monica SHARP!
We’re always looking for ways to save you money and grow your business.
Christmas sweater tomorrow
The average iceberg weighs 20 million tons
yeah you are
No...you really CANT FUX wit payout music. I'm sorry.
- People of interest attract followers. Your team is "on fire." Thanks for being so engaged Holly Watkins and Team!
It feels like 30 degree outside.
I did Bro
April 1st? Don't be a fool, start a contest today and use your friends to get in shape.
sends good vibes to you on Valentine Day!
that doesn't sound too good! But she was protectin him :(
Jazz hands ready!
Hess: "Law interpretation disagreements between fed and states problematic." Reason why federal govt should have interest in accountability
y its too bad..illness should not have stigma..it keeps ppl away who most need suport.Cool you got to knew her non public side
I just want to sleep! Who decides to have a slumber party when we have an 8am meeting?! #GrumpyGills #SourGrapes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
If you are looking for a flat and fast course that is walker friendly the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon is your race!
Today I'm like superwomen
Awesome workout, Car wash and now open mic... Happy No Excuses Tuesday!
LoL. Nope. You're Not Weird. Haha.
Go on and hate her cause errbody does ;) lalalalalalala
I wanna know what MADD is doing to get that SEO
why does every body hate Chris? Chris is a chill guy
Join author Marc Yves Regis for Haiti After the Earthquake: A Special Tribute at EMIERT's"Power of Multicultural Exhibits" 6/27,HYATT
I'll never forget the peaceful sounds of the amazing waves..I'll be surfing them soon..<U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A>
About to leave work & run some errands FOR work. Never ending..
and didnt invite me... terrible friend lol
Mike Vick is just a beast on MNF!
Oh yeah baby -- has got to be in the tourney. Up 66-59 with with 16 left...
The static's where you'll find me
oh... Thanks.
I think my daughter was the youngest at the show tonight. She had a great time. Thanks to for tickets!
Today will be a good day... :)
Who's going to see them btw? Let me know pretty please :)
A4: P&G Moms ad was killer. My wife (a mom) literally started crying when she watched. That's impact!
Ladies we quickly share where we get our cute shoes or hair done at also share how important it is to get our yearly mammograms. Save a life
Now thats something you don't see.. a mexican guy and a whitegurl....YEAHH BUDDYY!!! haha
Finances, uh. Review, rationalize, control, reduce, free marketing, budget. Hardly sexy, although is presenting ;)
can't wait to watch u tonight:) love u all!!! tell bailey i said hi?:) and please follow me<3
Why does it seem like everyone is talking in code around me? Like I don't know wtf they talking about! Seriously? STOP! Ya'll look stupid!
man, not all KY fans are that harsh! Good luck on where ever u go!! They will b lucky 2 have you!!
Papa is thee best example of what a union can do. He's so clear: farm --> factory, dignity in work, better wages, super politically aware.
Wrapping some of Gia's Christmas presents. (:
AUDUBON ADVENTURES IN MARCH With the Patterson Park Audubon Center. To participate, please RSVP at 410-558-2473 or
omg watching that show right now!!! Good luck to her
At the gym getting it in
Question: Does anyone know of a process by which one can appeal the DMV's ignition interlock requirement based on hardship or other ground…
Barney acts as his wingman, constantly introducing him to women through the game "Have You Met Ted?".
Lolol, my grades, relationships, and life in general is just a roller coaster sometimes! :)
didn't want to be seen as a "gambler" to future employers. No worries, Sarah. It's the "scamming whore" tag that concerns me.
- I'm loving your tweets!
yes its a pain in the ass
haha I honestly thought he knew bball better than this smh
mcdonaldization is a bunch of bullshit they made up to sell text books
omg this MAN is really wearing some UGGs at the airport smh lol
I'm sad that Mandelbrot died. He was an inspiration to the high school me who thought she would be a mathematician. And what beauty!
watching the recruit
So you're going to be Roger and I'm going to be Joan...I hope you dress your part because I'm dressing mine.
LOL word to all moms!
Just posted new photos from day 2 #RSA2012 on Facebook
Had The Best Last Of My Life Last Night.
so how bout them LAKERS !
But Bosh moved big guys out of there and made driving to the lane much easier my friend.
Broncos Country follow 1st pick and new heart and soul of the D, Derek Wolfe. RT : Help me get to 500 followers #BroncosNation!!
Hoot-hoot! Have fun in CA. Still in San Diego?
RT John Elway: "We don't have a Plan B. We're going with Plan A." The Colts didn't have a Plan B either. And they lost 14 games.
ya I love Ud arena. I am looking at coaching but if I don't get a college job I'm gonna get another Jon and coach hs. Wbu?
because you usually aren't expecting it to be on.
I have only flown business class once in my life.
Text You of the day - How young do you really feel...text yourself that number - then live the new young you!!!
Aja that's just hilarious! Where r u from?
Did you know we offer bi-lingual Segway tours? Just call us to make a reservation - 877-866-0966
Is wondering if Steve Jobs can create a device that will prepare my whole meal for me and CLEAN UP!
damn my fool
haha apologies for the reminder ;) im harmless, i swear
what food trucks will be in crystal city soon? how can i find out?
saying #YEE at least once everyday .... yeah #itsamahomiething <3
Mixing, mixing, mixing. I'm never done mixing...
I am creating a show called the bad girls tub. 3 bitches have to sit in a tub for 3 months without fighting.
While it might be overkill, im glad How I Met your Mother is always on TV!
This girl is so drugged up and siting on the ground, and throws up all over herself and the ground..
A moment, a love, a dream, a laugh, a kiss, a cry, our rights, our wrongs...A Moment--H.S
can't stop watching this show
My cat Chase has run run away and not come home in about a week. I miss him so much. I hope wherever he is he is ok.
Nike golf buy
my parents think i'm asleep too omg
Bluegrass fanatic!!
I love this; another moment for Jessica
Awesome and sweet job Cody.
In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks. ~John Muir
TheHoopGroup thanks for following me on Twitter!
Yes!! Birthday party!!
Watching karate kid...
Do you have an opening for an Entry Level/Intern for an IT position in Seattle? DM me.
so hot mamacita
They say that if you dream about someone, then they are thinking about you. God, what I would give for that to be true rip brian cohan imu
He's a good 'un.
main blog page works fine but individual article links seem to be broken
Nights out...follow-up to Basic, board meeting, Leadership Training and board gathering. I didn't spend this many night out when I drank!
RT : Sometimes being too nice is dangerous, you have to show your mean side once in a while to avoid getting hurt!!"
Commercial actors, get a little ad agency inside baseball on how the other side creates tonight on #ThePitch Now I'll get baseball followers
Off to Portland on the train this morning. Looking forward to some data geekin' with the team there.
Thanks for the liking my FB page! That is my job, which I enjoy. Chess is more of a passion!
Sorry I'm missing you! I've never been before, but it has been WONDERFUL. Huge, huge fun. You have a great time, too!
I love down time with Adele!
Every cup is a solo cup when I hold it. - Han Solo
Wait Maclin had cancer? where was i?
RT : Don't throw in the towel: you'll need it to mop up the floor once you win!
Now that's more like it! Which Le Peep works best for you?
It appears that Mitt is focused primarily on defeating Pres Obama
which includes
Just like that....he was gone
hello, you old friend Martin Fusi from Cameroon at hull university says hello!
That said, I got a ton of feedback tonight that you all loved the all-vinyl program! Thanks for tuning in and being in touch!
Blender needs a setting that makes newly created faces in Edit mode start as smooth shaded.
But his strategy of whining about it is working so well for him!
That's Carole, actually, with an E. Out in July from Counterpoint.
Let's get #MahoneMonday trending ! (: yes ?
You aren't going to vacation, sorry, Alissa!
me and ready to pick you up. Can you give us a call?
I think that's Teflon, not Kevlar…
Um, I kind of love the food here - even the simplest of cooking tastes great - what's the secret? Can't wait to see what sushi is like tomo.
I wish it came with a poster, its like the one poster I actually want
I been sleep damn near the whole day :-/
Sexy Racerback Bra
For real you dont look like it you look like 13 or something
I'm just trying to test the effectiveness of my new camo
So our guitarist left today, do if you play , DM me
I'll buy both no doubt, but I'll wait a while before playing through Ys Origin another 3 times...
Cmpanies who change their reporting should have non-data people as UX testers first. Talk about cluegy, Google Analytics & FB Insights.
Yo I'm tryna start a limp bizkit cover band
Follow me is a Awsome account related to Porn ;)
My dad use to always tell me that dancing isn't a real job, unless ima stripper -____-
I sound like a tween girl when I talk about Bieber. Oh well.
RT : if we could turn back the clock, what else would you name the cloud? <--The Borg
personally I'm dying for the Big Time Rush show. I bet there's gonna be a lot of creepy old guys with mustaches.
considering I don't like george w. bush and I block his page
WOW!!!! THIS SHOW IS GOING TO ROCK YOUR WORLD! TICKETS ON SALE NOW, WE OPEN IN A LITTLE OVER A WEEK!!! www.2ndclasscabaret.com
Deion - the #Patriots are a better team for having you with them! Great job today!
rattie with another goal tonight already
how?! I miss u babe how have u been
Don't f*** with wayne, cause when it waynes it pours.
Your ego's cashing checks your body can't cash.
Oh thats okay. Dont reply to my text. I was just exercising my thumbs... No big deal.
Why would you freeze a margarita? Are you saving it for later?
It's always the wrong people who think they're better than everyone else.
love you to.
Do not remove a fly from your friend's forehead with a hatchet. - Proverb
thanks for the follow and thanks for supporting #STOPSOPA! Would love to listen with you/demo LetsListen some day :)
Only idiots like me walk to the gas station to get condoms lmao .... at least I'm usin em me and Richard got 2 trending
thanks for the retweet!
what is that!!
You are wonderful! Can't wait to see you.
Shawn is in the finals tomorrow. Do u have any time this afternoon to hit with him? It helped him alot last time!
DILL. Always.
LADIES: your body makes you sexy, your face makes you pretty, your smile makes you gorgeous, but your mind makes you beautiful
Just did a survey at the #Exxon, & 5 out of 10 people that go to your average gas station smoke weed
My phones being dumb one moment love
This second bagel is for the All Falls Down type bitches out there who spend all their money partying.
is mighty fine
Bitch you so mutherfuckknq..immature...
Being busy <<<being productive
me ;D cookie dough brownies!
meeting you when i was in high school is one of my fave memories of being a Dukie. thanks for being so nice.
i'vebeen crying for the past 2 hours. I'm not getting over you, and i'm proud to say it. i love you.
Nothing scummy about it. They just don't hand out green cards cause you play soccer. 3/3.
I'm sorry, #drawsomething app is complete garbage. I've waited almost a day for it to update and let me know it's my turn
Man this division is so winnable.
gee and I thought no one had noticed! love your stuff.
good dude. Used to play softball with him. Dude has ups for a short guy
is having company class at Atlas today at 3pm taught by Alina. Join us!
Comic Sans is a horrible font. (It's up there with Scriptina.) Why do people use it to send "professional" emails? *cringes*
Hi Robert, thanks for the follow!
I'll be back in June homie. I'll make sure we get up!
Thumbs up!!!!
Reddick has had his ups and downs tonight, literally.
Ties are perfect for fathersday! www.thesilktie.com
girl, writing my yelp review now...2 stars, and that was really just for atmosphere, like you said
Dir Blewett suggests merged 68th/81St School should be called Victor Berger. Former Berger School (3rd St) now called ML King.
information sent. let me know when you send the information back
thanks! I am feeling better now, but we'll take care of that over the next couple hours. ;-)
wow; I've seriously written for about 10 hours today. some days are just. so. good! (others, not so much, but I am *not* complaining!)
RT : The Uni-verse will support you in your purpose because it made you to fulfill it.
I can't wait for the day that I start my own family
"He who dies with the most toys is nonetheless dead"
I'm *trying* to read Tweets, email and Facebook at the same time. It's not easy :)
I'm confused about how the tech works. How do you do figure out what they took the picture of without QR?
What's twitter jail like can anyone tell me :/
Every damn day
Haha So funny (Not) You Know I Am Gonna Follow You You Seem Kool. OMFG did i just say that.. oh whatever
Flash Seats needs an iPhone app. Would benefit from it immensely!
Rudy and I cooked some carne asada with pico de gallo and all I ate way too much
I guess u win some & lose some...long as the outcome is income!
LMFAO your stupid girl aha :)
If you pee at one brewery this year, make it pipeworks. 2 way mirrors!
Cute for women age 65 and up, creepy on everyone else.
Thanks for lunch Oh, and you forgot your chips.
On to a homebrewed Extra Special Bitter...bottled May 2009 and still pretty darn good!
Nun much. You?
Where did that Obama attack Ad music come from? An 80's video game?
WooHoo! That's great news.
Ahh! A spider just came out of my pants! No joke! D:
Thank you Stephanie. Wishing you a lovely Weekend hun! : ) XOXOXO
Dammit, universe, stop telling me I have cancer. <whitebloodcells
sodapops and , what a team, great food and fast delivery
I Love That Song<3
#ideas2action Andrew Dolan from Living Social: what of your building helped you work?
I don't care who you are, where you're from what you did as long as you love me.:)
School, game, then with for the rest of the night. :)
GM to you too
your done with your first year of college?
One of my favorite things is having ppl introduce themselves to me when I have my letters on. Never get old!
Houshmazzilly, lock it up. Championship!
I strongly dislike mindless "be safe" comments. What, your friends would run out w golf clubs in a lightning storm but for your sage advice?
The awkward moment when your math teacher asks you if you wanna go to block math 4 TIMES......
Reebok was one of the few that still let stores run on credit and catered to the small stores...it's a shame
RT Make exercise part of your daily routine.
I love you so much..
Go do something outside! It's so nice out right now!
no alumni meet planned at the moment
would you go recut a Chagall and add some feathers? Informed and considered
I Love When In No Idea Carlos Says When I Kiss You & When I Please You (: hehe <3
yea they do
": Sunglasses allow you to look at people without getting caught. It's like Facebook in real life."
I have that pattern as my laptop case!
HELP Need to cancel 2 PM flight today. From FLL to MCI. Have been holding for over hr, keep cut off. Pls call 954 294 3777
Thanks to my peejays and ped socks! Happy winter!
Ell keeps sending me to these bars.
Work was good and now im waiting for Jersey Shore
Feeling stirred up for what God is about to do in Crawfordsville tonight!
Yep. I'm still waiting. At least I've had a call finally, to say repair guy is waiting for a woman to get home. Bugger, come here first!
Authenticity is the big one Jonathan!
I have skittles in my mouth, wanna taste the rainbow?
Ah! Remembered why I skipped pub trivia tonight. To watch #kidlitchat!
Listen jackasses. I'll change my profile pic when you find me a pic of me in Chiefs gear. I'll wait.
I was going to start a list, but I won't. At least not yet. Let's see how the rest of the evening turns out....
Comedy Cove in Springfield NJ this weekend 9 PM show each night
wow, i love his movies!!
What are the truly democratic spaces in the US? I'd have to vote for the zoo being near the top of the list.
MUSIC IS THE WEAPON OF THE FUTURE..
Lol Breasts and Zombies? Good Lord. I'm on my way over.
Two songs down . Ten to go.
SO MANY CONCERTS! Miranda Lambert also at UCF on February 4th!! Ah!! Hahaha :P
it's a relief to hear other ppl also use tape on cars! Thx! I got Scotch tough duck tape guaranteed no residue for 14 day use :)
in the studio this am. it's your turn
Singing on the phone with him :'D
follow me please? <3
Today was a very... awkward day. :P
RT : Aww, President Obama got Mitt Romney a present - a beautiful Paul Ryan budget anvil necklace. That's sweet.
Truth! I liked their advertising but the education/ general information wasn't as notable.
We are all set with portal access to #MercuryPay Thank you MagTek, Inc.
Depends who the poster's audience is. They might just be posting for benefit of their fellow 13-year-old friends.
Good point. Bacon > everything
Done with all of mjy assignments in class. So lunch soon, then nothing to do when I get back. Woo!
Oh, that's fine. I see how it is.
book a party w/me for a FREE 3day/2night vacation!www.katespassionparties.com
Hey ! Was great to meet u last wknd. I think you might be interested in what & I've been up to. Will email.
I'm sick of the madness..everybody just can't go natural
I think that might be it. Groupanic would work too I suppose. Either way, 6 months is apparently not enough time to get here.
Fantastic!!! Yes, get 'em tomorrow!
Maybe GOP should construct the Binky Bill providing free pacifiers for our far out, leftist "friends"?
may God bless you and your family and ministry today in the name of Jesus!
No one in the #tone wants to help eachother out. Its sad. Work as a team and we can put the city on the map. Z-MIXES pt2
RT The best exercise of faith is one's complete trust and confidence in God..
It's going to be #hothothot in Buffalo today so stop in for some iced coffee!
And now art thou cursed from the earth, which hath opened her mouth to receive thy brother's blood from thy hand;
One down, two to go.
wanna go to cedar point in ohio best roller coasters bro !
It is not a lack of Gods grace but a lack of your own affections which keep you from his presence!
Cracked my phone worse...awesome.
Dumas can I get in ur fantasy league??
why did u guys change the dlc playlist on TDM,KC,Dom all in one u are forcing us 2 play modes we all don't play...
The feeling of knowing your about to take a nap>>>
They've just score! And they lost the last two, but hoping this will be the rebound. 7-2-0
needs to come outside. D: It's cold and it would be the best birthday present ever!!
thanks!! Finished on my race pace!!
Over/under 70% of people in fort myers have tats
??? Why the letter c?
Great--let's talk about scheduling in the weeks to come.
Local schools are closed today b/c we had half an inch of snow. Truly I live in the South now.
follow me.
import plane; plane().take_off()
I'm the type of person that if I'm upset, I'm pissed the whole night, and I'll be over it the next day, Unless you bug me about it...
Welcome to virginia were the playas play.....
My bucket list: 4 drumsticks, 2 thighs, 2 mashed potatoes with gravy, and 2 biscuits. Extra crispy… to go.
I did, just a little though lol
To who this may concern !! The UKC paperwork has arrived !
#ushouldnt promise when you're not going to keep it.
Thank you for your support! Sorry to hear about the ACL. We'll do what we can to keep you engaged while you recuperate.
I'll hit them up
#FIMCfunfactory. Gotta love it!!
I want a motorcycle ride so bad!!!
Having Jimmy johns delivered to the barber shop means I can have dinner and a hair cut at the same time. Hurray #productivity!
sounds like something out of Tennessee!
Been sick since last week >:/
That was 3 innings were the Brewers had bases loaded and they finally come through. Cubs bases loaded 1 time and we know what happened.
R.I.P. Adam Yauch
yes, i would! i have several on a pinterest board, that sometimes i just stare at for a while, lol.
its all good
Tried to build the Hillel Succah in the rain yesterday. Hoping for some sunshine today. Love the energy that Succot generates.
Don't miss our final film of the season. 'Never Let Me Go' is a great adaptation of an amazing book. tonight at 7 & 9:30pm.
lol i dont know about the thug part....
Wish it would be Lisa. Really don't like her. RT : I think Hulk is going home tonite...sorry Lou, u know I got luv 4u
shall I send you the funds?
So how u gone try to call me.out on my shit.Nigga get out of here.I did tht shit for u.i aint shame.nxt time stay in ur lane my nigga.smh
I spent the afternoon at Chuck E. Cheese without even once screaming. I believe that leaves me just one miracle away from sainthood.
Hey students, have you tried our college special? 9.99 for a Lrg 1-topping, 4 sodas and a photobooth coupon:dine in 5-close w/ valid ID
Lacquer - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
spending the last hours with b4 he departs on his summer expedition & vision quest in china, mongolia, russia to france!! <3
As I watch coverage of the tornado damage, I am thankful my wife made it home safe and our home is in tact.
Ha ha. Title is misleading...in that way. RT : Sounds like the best geriatric sex romp of the new year.
based on what im seeing it looks alcohol free.
To be the best you of to beat the best
Wats on my agenda for today?
On Mashable, I wish I could filter out: infographics, meme summaries, and X celebrity does Y on social.
Great job to all the runners in the #CbusMarathonTMT!!!!
Happy Monday!! Rise n grind
So what's gonna happen today is and I are gonna eat sum
I know what u mean... He will be back next year!
BASIC females always fall for niggas who have a million tattoos and no job
Amanda doesn't do footjobs sorry guys
thanks for being a part of what we do to make #RVA a better place for all.
The things that knot us together are the things that social networks are good at surfacing. -
shopping through 's closet was a huge success. I can't wait to parade my "new" clothes :)
yes, but i ran it in .0005 seconds
i hope so.
I need some shout wipes. Totes just spilled coffee.
We have to fight for any remaining transparency the public has, modifying policies to comply w/ spirit as technology changes.
agreed ESPECIALLY when that person has more crack than Harlem
Patio closed today. Rebuild and new dining area be built right now. Patio will re-open tomorrow. Looks RAD! BAR STILL OPEN. Cheers
make two dreams come true but following me nd 36
Haha same here! I think we should do something like that for the next event. No matter how much I watch the video, it cracks me up.
Roommate has locked cats in the bathroom rather than killing a carpenter bee herself. Looks like it's time for me to run errands! #disaster!
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst! His work is absolutely superb!
Need Gameplay Programmers for a A studio in San Francisco 4 info
Yes, it limits the pool to those who can work for free. I've never had an internship b/c I've never been able to afford NOT to work.
I did. SNL is good, so far. The band sucked. Timberlake is funny.
#ThingsYouDONTDoIn2012 is replace your diamond at home with a hoe on the streets!
Knowledge is power, but only when you give it back to the community
lmao in weak
I'm at Asuka Japanese Steakhouse in Spring Hill. Not a social call. Nobody here yet. Just waiting. What are you doing?
You're so cute
Yum, apples sound delish! Fondue was complicated though. Did in slow cooker, did not fully emulsify...still troubleshooting!
Yo bull this L,A
< FOLLOW HER AND I'LL LOVE U FOREVER
I have volume V of DARE, which completes the set! :)
We're thrilled to be on a list with such esteemed company Chris! Come see us again soon.
Did you by chance use Cincy Bell's TriState Online service back in the early '90s? Your screen name seems awfully familiar.
i think i am DONE offering make-up exams.
It's raining cocaine! Winter rules.
Hi my name is fifth wheel how are you
RT : COMING SOON! – Major changes to DataInherit including new look, new name and much more. Watch this space for more updates.
#nowplaying apocalyptica I'm not Jesus
Roger that
I don't know why I insist on trying to be something I'm not. In this case, a runner.
Any time! Porn's got my number, or hit me on email:
thanks! it'll be over in a few hours in any case.
I think you mean namaste
We're approaching the $120,000 mark for funds raised for local charitites!
I will bring or send footage him crossing the finish line & we would love to share it. I'll DM my phone number!
That the Schmittian clarity of the enemy is not available is among the horrors of the morass of nature.
the boisterous voice howling wisdom, joy and love, still sounds in my ear. HAPPY BIRTHDAY POPS!
It Ain't Non Of Ya Friends Business ; )
THAT I can agree on.
specialized competence and success are all that they can imagine
I don't think meals have any business being deductible... I'm for separation of calories and corporations.
great cast, but terrible movie. Danny McBride wrote the script. He can definitely do better.
<U+27A0><U+27A0><U+27A0> Had a lot of people stop by today
babe please im sorry
To succeed in life, succeed in BEING YOURSELF! Live your own life on your terms according to your heart's deepest longings...
Dodge Dementia
In jersey for the weekend!!
hey OpsMarkets peeps, the password for the 82 Mercer wifi is admonsters2012
SUCCESS! I couldn't have done it without you, my beauties!
Aw i miss him already! :(
2. Understanding human genomic variation - Dr. Green,
I am still awake. I have planned this poorly.
Thank you Jesus for enduring my cross. Thank you for dying and rising again so that I may have hope that I do not deserve! <3
Today is National Pie Day. What flavor pie are you baking today. I'm baking a good old fashioned Cherry Pie. M.
ss you know what happened. we got a referrel and a 1 hour. FML. i told him that we mixxed up shirts ....
What are the odds #JAP gets caught on a counter? Can we get another?
OD-ing on poblano peppers tonite. Dinner = chicken & white bean chili w/ side of poblano cornbread. Recipes on Monday!
Follow back pls :)
The TASS board at the Art Institute allows excellent visitor involvement: appropriation, production and re-dissemination of media content!
wait, when are you posting it?(:
hey I am a songwriter..can I send you some records
fantastic eyebrows
OH I am signing up TONIGHT! RT : and for the record, I AM speaking at blogworld NY.
Still doing hw. >.<
Oh lmfao. It's on July 24,&31. That's what I heard.
Were having it at the Bonnet Carre Spillway 6 right outside of New Orleans! You can find out more at www.warriordash.com
girl me either! We're gonna go #cracra!!!
Smhhh . . I seriousllyyy don't understand anymore ...
I hate it when im not tired, but i am.
no problem
While I appreciate the opportunity to gain your business, not super crazy about the 4 - 5pm conf call on a Friday. #givingit110%
Shiit gonna be a long night <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
nothing really
The Movie " John Adams" is an absolutely amazing, patriotic and inspiring film!
I wish she would just pay attention for a little while so she would see that I'm on that with her...
Every thought is a seed. If you plant crab apples don't count on harvesting golden delicious.
OH. MY. GOD. STOP IT.
El vino did flow ( ) best patio ever!
When my phone shuts off -_-
“: <U+E41F>RT : you gotta bring SOMETHING to the table...and not just be there to eat #Period”
Awesome. I'm sold. /cc
i remembered my password!!! yayyyyy!! <33333
Chris Paul has been doing that a little too often lately (running into the key, jumping w/out a target to pass to, leading to turnover).
Tweeting from #Mexico! My goal is to make it through all of the drinks I get responses to this tweet with. So, what's your favorite drink?
Here it is! OVERTIME - Puck about to drop!
My mentions are like so dead ......
#FF and thanks to new followers:
Y U NO FOLLOW MEH?
What a crazy night! Very successful, but crazy nonetheless.
Welcome everyone to our first tweet chat! and I appreciate you being here. Now let's get started!
if u give me a shoutout ill give u one to :) (im desprate for more followers) im also following every directioner i see!!
how many wide open shots did duke miss tonight? Come on...this game was simply about Duke not taking care of the basics.
love this movie! Just saw that it's on and I don't care that's it's almost over
It would have looked more boss, had you kept the "Karl Strauss Brewing Company" part at the bottom. ;)
The point is that language is very powerful because it is the tool we use to express ourselves, yet the words have meaning
I told you man! Welcome. Now all we gotta do is get you strapped wit an iPhone. Lol
still cant believe this girl in my class is dating matt forte from the BEARS! ahh can you say jealous?!!?! but anyways madtown 2 DAYS :)
He may not see I'm hurt, he may not see my cries, but every time he acts that he don't care, I die.
umm I might need to block you for the feed clutter. ;-)
Whiteboard wall works like a charm now that it is plenty dry. Starting tonight it's time to really
Please help me with a special plan for my friend. She really needs this. Follow me and I'll tell you my secret plan. #PLEASE :D
I love my Amazon Prime free 2-day shipping. Now I get free movie/TV streaming - no extra charge. Next, will the stream my purchases?
DUDE! I'm out back reeling under the effects of drink. Come say hello.
Evan Turner! But lotta basketball left.
Just got a text from the sexiest guy I know. I feel bad. I am really depressed and he just texted me to cheer me up. He is so sweet!
"I try falling out of love, but falling out of love means falling into someone else, and you were the one I tripped for."
Cocky ass bitches <<<<
Alticast Partners with Brightcove to Expand Television Outside the Living Room
Can't wait to see how many white RB's get drafted this weekend.
hahaha yw follow it's my personal account
Name above all names, worthy of our praise, my heart will sing how great is our God.
THANK YOU!:)
Wasn't me. "Between songs, u could hear a pin drop, or some dude slurping a drink." Delimag on residency.
Check out all my special tweets. All about big boob beauties. Galleries and videos.
Passed that test #winning . Now I don't have to stress over passing this course anymore !!!
thanks Kim. I appreciate all the concern. You're such a great friend. (Janelle Monae) lmao
combating #foodcoma - short hazelnut soy latte from :)
Ever had a banana waffle? They're DELICIOUS!
Guess Every Team Don't Come Complete Wit Niggas Like Ares
congratulations first, and agreed second. Reducing motherhood to a one day celebration smacks of a dismisal of sorts
Unbelievable! : BREAKING: Curtis Granderson hits his 3rd homer of the night vs. Twins. In the 4th inning.
Unbox the rubber stamp of apathy. Here's hoping there's at least a nice little tirade from Jack Young.
// Good morning! Have a great weekend everyone!
Men dont treat women right after they get some pussy cuz the challenge is over
RT For our clients currently on Wordpress, check your dashboard to see some awesome new custom features!
#this #hellyes RT : the crown isn't enough!!! must give me my own Halloween special!!! who's with me?!
Still searching for the Outliers at World Wine Meetings ,Chicago.
Getting things all situated for tonight's boot camp! It's time to take things to another level!
How did the clippers come back and win....
B Schutz next great challenge is to est. Gold OA journals and moving publishers to change subs. Models to OA.
Conquer your fears
Overheard at #SXSW RT: Openness, lack of ego and passion required to collaborate. Ego with a title is destructive.
don't quit us yet!! We are running around crazy...
I really wish I could see you in concert this summer.. but my dad says it's too much money
But seriously fuck you.
what a sweet tweet!!! I miss your face, Kansas!!!
Had a good eventful day wit my bros & KJ .. I think the sun definitely played its part
lol thought about them old single people with 10,o cats . thats sad . i hope i dont be like that .
Last night's mtg a success! Excited for 's Storytelling for UX in October - sure to prompt rich discussion!
it is
Hey, , your RSS feed link has a code error when I try to subscribe in #Chrome. It worked in #Firefox, but wanted to let you know.
do you have an in at Zella's? Someone we can chat with?
new suit I see! I need me a new one.
Watch movies!!! :D
i wouldnt go too that shithole place
fuck my life!? bett
Another day of working on the magazine, totaling 8 hours. Great job, team!
If you can't join em, beat em
I can't front, I love my Yoga pants!!! RT : RT : #FavoriteClothingBrand are yoga pants a brand.....
Can't wait for my shirt! Y'all are the shit!
Thank you beautiful!! I heart you :)
suuurrrreeeeee. You went alone didn't you?
Soul clap dance off Win a $100!
Hi Rich, it's good to connect with you on Twitter!
Chef Paul Virant of Vie to be featured on this weekend! Tune in Sat. at 11 to hear from this green gourmet!
We'll miss seeing and reading you. Best wishes for whatever is next RT : Leaving USA Today. Thanks to all
I miss the juice press
Eye love ewe!
Come on and hate hate.
This is getting more and more real.
Having a tiny adventure researching a set of color prints from 1900. Chicago Printers Row, St. Louis World's Fair... hit me up & I'll share
I hate when people try to expell gas from their mouth, it smells nasty as fuck.
Sometimes I wonder why people have their #Twitter and #Instagram private when they just accept everyone.
My socks rubbing on the inside heels of my shoes makes a little farting noise every step I take.
Nothing like a warm L.A. day to make ya smile! Happy Tuesday!
heritage, heritage, general lee, blah blah blah
On to the next project ... goddammit. Can't stop. Won't stop. Never stop.
For another family friendly comedian, check out Heywood Banks. (I liked your Brian Regan choice)
well FAM(ILY) just left peace lol Tbh my family is the loudest family the ppl nextstore said we was to loud smh lol-Tamya:P ily
I Johanna! Yes, there is a fix we're working on. Certain players need some extra TLC before they let the Video Radar tab show.
What to do? Parade? BBQ? Picnic? Park? So many choices, so much sun! Why is everyone sleeping?!?
I'm facebook messaging you the story. Sorry to make you get on Facebook.
Wait Brad's gay???
If I offered you a book would you take it and read it or look at me crazy.??
I love pacsun
RT : BE the change you wish to see in the world. ~ Gandhi <U+263F>
Thanks , , , and us for debris removal and ground cover deliveries.
4 days out of 5 I've had my bike on the road! Love this March weather! Today yet another great day to be out on the bike!
Going swimming with camille & vanessa(:
RT Shattered Glass II. STARRING Philip Seymour Hoffman as Mike Daisey, and Ryan Gosling as Ira Glass.
Feeling some major wanderlust today. Must make our Globe Trotting Freedom Quest a reality and soon! #wouldyoulike to travel the world?
your right it probably wont. ICE AND ICY HOT AND ICE AND ICY HOT. thats all i have to say love bug
THANK YOU! I'll take all the good luck I can get!
bad home opener?
i dont know what im thinking anymore
Talking about Disney princesses on 's photo lol
Did anyone else see that terrible call in the bottom of the 9th to ruin the perfect game? Someone needs to fire that umpire!
Oh I will!
I now understand this quote. "there are no problems, only solutions." ~ John Lennon. Guess now I have to follow through with it
Almost have enough saved up for HHI<3
text me this weekend foos
Board Member Zimmer just acknowledged that "Arts education is not a privilege, but a right, for all students."
I'm sexy and I know it
I'm so glad I can actually consider Anderson an option now!
how 'bout The Dirges?
That Allstate commercial where the foreman can't rely on Randy is probably how Del Negro feels about his Randy, Randy Foye.
See how great the future of jazz is - 7 great HS and college bands perform at the emerging artist stage.
good..i miss u luv
Finishing paper for Actionable Intelligence class assessing Mexico's degree of cooperation in Drug War.
+1 RT : I never GOT the Three Stooges; always thought they were mean.
the famous Lexus
Any one else suffering with a painful knot in their chest?
if you have a Mac try Echofon.
I haven't, but it's on my list!
I'm still working from home & coffee shops but thinking about finding something a bit more permanent. Let's grab a beer soon.
should do a while acoustic CD ReTweeetttt if you agree(: RT RT
Sunny day in Portland and a soccer double header. Today is going to be a great day! I love my days off.
I don't think it works that way
I don't care about a longer walk. I care about people being inconsiderate fucks with their SUV's
yea, just hate poland
Finally Raining after weeks of drought. Nice slow drenching rain. I feel rejuvenated myself after a scorching summer.
life expectancy just drastically diminished...but hey I got a lot of thinking in
Jammin acoustic today at stoked!
thanks for the RT!!!
Fuck off mark
Looking forward to the new shows at &
In my opinion, there's no reason why you shouldn't go the full distance. A 1/2 isn't so far that it'll take a huge toll.
I do not like mackenzie she is such a dork
i got up out of bed jist to tweet yozu that.
chloe please direct msg me your xbox gamertag i want to be friends with you please tell me i will not bother you on it
where you going?
I really want to visit GA before I go to bootcamp. I have to see my dog
Wishing I could lay by a fire with someone while watching the beautiful rain.
Men are always trying to make the world better or worse while most women are content just to live in it. Howard Koch
But you don't know what you've got until its gone
I think this is the first season of idol where America has sent home the right person (except Jen Hirsh) every week. I'm impressed. :-)
I did... i've been following you for a few weeks now!!! get with it slacker
It's okay and yes.
RT Becoming a groupie “: Urging employees 2 "think outside box" If you trusted them, wouldn't be in box in 1st place”
im happy for you
Yep! I love the jersey concept one. Think I might get the away...
Join us tonight for happy hour! 89 cent oysters and 6 dollar martinis! Enjoy!
if someone is a real good friend of mine, I will go to length for them. It hurts when you find out other friends you have aren't
So this "private" elementary school looks like a college campus....wudve never known this was a school #old$$$
let us know when you have a game! We'll come cheer for you! :)
need some help?
We are so glad to hear! :)
is the new Ric Flair right? lol waiting for him to appear on
working on 2,000 USB imprinted memory sticks with advertising burned in - China here we come..
School Running 3.2 Miles today.
Both. Food and the trucks
RT : "Much as I'd like to throw my hands in the air like I just don't care, I do care. I care deeply."
everytime I die and Chelsea grin too. Memphis may fire also!
Thank you to everyone who came out to Renos Chop Shop on saturday we appreciate the support!!!!
Extra Innings AGAIN!!! My heart can't take this
What's that mean?
nothing makes me more mad then when people aren't on time.
EXACTLY, Cassie needs to tell him she loves him before she loses him!
When you lose followers, that usually means 3 things. 1. your corny 2. your tweets are wack 3. or you dont follow back!!! :p
I just watched Modern Family "Leap Day" episode #ABC and I have not laughed that hard in a long while.
Being followed by a dog while running. <
Don't forget to bring a donation to the Hope House to #CovertTU today!
Yankees game right now >>>>
you just ratted me out Jessica about getting the writing center date wrong, didn't you?
When you get scared of being happy, it means that its actually real this time
Ha, you make me laugh ....
Creator, reshape my heart, God, steady my spirit. Do not cast me aside stripped of your holy spirit
Omg i hate wearing my tight shoes cuz The fucking rain fucks up my shoes!! Ha not wearing any good shoes this whole week blahh..
baby woke to eat at 3:30 UGH, 2 year old had a dream about her dog stuffed animal attacking her at 4:30. i never got back to sleep
Listening in today's #amaaquent webinar on "Marketing to Your Customer's Brain." Interesting start.
We have some more exciting stuff coming for you all in April. Get ready to have some fun! More information coming soon!
Watching the South Park episode where Stan & Kyle build a clubhouse to play truth or dare. Totally forgot Stan's parents get divorced!
most women want that atheltic build guy with the pack and muscles i got the personality jus no the body
you guys going to make it to your Skillshare class tonight? Just seeing if the rain is going to keep you away.
My girlfriend thought Swami's (you know, the gold-toped dome place on the 101) was a rehab center. Laughing
Media ladies #FF! (looking forward to chatting tomorrow!)
Between last night on Dockett and today, you have me DYING! #stopit...nah I'm j/k keep on LOL!
Did we expect anything else lol RT : And the lose. :(
the one i retweeted
oh yes. Bil and Jessica (Sr pastor and wife) are great friends of ours.
Where do I find this bacon popcorn?
“Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower." Steve Jobs
Just watched the film "W.E." about Wallis Simpson and The Duke of Windsor. Too bad this one fell flat with such interesting subject matter.
the contractor in my house is listening to norah jones and evita....
I'm getting so tired of this....
Gotta find a place to get my tattoo....hmm ~Devin.Anne<3
Literally seeing other's joy. Greed.
thinks it would be great if we really burped bubbles when we were drunk... just like in cartoons.
Pa pa pa party
*If you are a veteran or active duty member of our military, please ask me about the “Our Heroes Special” in honor of Jim Visser (A retired…
Miller Park with to support UWM :)
What's your name? INEEDMONEY
Sarcasm a way to insult idiots without them realizing it
": I'm sick of feeling like I'm my only friend."
Today is gonna be a good day I don dern diddly tell ya!
WHY AM I TIRED??
Haha, somewhere in there you said that. I missed you too. Always good chats. Just caught wind of interesting news.
So should I shave my sides today?! Yes or no, I need opinions.
You are amazing, Superhero! And GM (not the carmaker) really digs you! :-)
It was so nice to meet you, too! If you're down for a beer before you leave town def. let me know. :)
wen did u txt me tht?
“: It looks like iOS 5.0.1 has solved my iPhone 4s battery issues!! :-)” That is good news. Thanks!
thanks for defending Coach Cal.. So tired of everyone always saying that Cal cheats.. Where's the evidence?? Go Big Blue!!
Wow - Josh Scobee nails a 59-yarder to bury the Colts as time expires. Clutch.
Oh joy. Car battery is dead. Dead bug dead. Call A, get a tow to Les Schwab, and by a new one dead.
another great teaching. The book STUFF is a must
Now dally is dead. why am i still watching this?
Buenos Dias or shall I say Afternoon ;) That sounds nice, Gr8 music = Gr8 start to day :)
Flop hard Reggie.
Jack Frost why have you already arrived?! Glad my Halloween costume consist of a full on tuxedo!
oh yeah haha that would be good. :)
Please, as if men use them without the woman pushing the issue ": Men are missing from the birth control debate. Why aren’t we
IT'S FRI LUNCH(11am-3pm)@ THE SMILING MOOSE! Tons of Specials Today Including Tempura Shrimp Tacos & Peach-Roasted Yellow Pepper Bisque Soup
Hello my lovelies! I'm ready to give up on the company twitter and go back to mine alone. Also going to experiment with liquid latex soon!
Skillshare Philadelphia teachers are looking for teaching venues! Where would you like to attend classes? Let us know
Easy killer. Was just last summer. Or the last time I got a haircut. I'd cut it but it's people like you who love it so much.
Seussical was awesome! Good job ! :D
awesome phone.. if they do have it in definitely il buy it right away :))
Yes, well, the ones that I'm friends with/know personally. It's their choice. Let me know if you want to know anything else
Boating & Water Sports Store » Deals Garmin GPSMAP 740S Radar ...
You are here? And isn't it your birthday?! Happy thoughts!
2 hours to friday fish! 2 hours to friday fish!
FREE LADY BEAST YOU FUK BOYZ
I'm a proud capitalizer!!! I got addicted to
I'm tired of my glasses.
Happy Birthday to the best fielder I know. Can't wait to see you FRIDAY
The world would be a nicer place if everyone took a chill pill. It'd be even better if some of them choked on it.
"Fake Empire" by The National gives me a mini existential freak-out every time I hear it. Thanks Pandora #whatdoesitallmean?
well I'm thinking a dress.. I have two of these parties/ confirmations today
Post practice meal at chipolte
Terrific program on using Twitter tonite presented by the San Diego Press Club. Got me thinking about tweeting as a way to get the word out.
you can still tweet him he will see the @ reply
wish i wouldv stayed at the gifting suite to meet you, your awesome! Did you recieve a gift bag?
This is a first for me. Received galley proofs and print is too small for me to work with, at least for 100s of pages. Have you had this?
I just saw that you were in a Red state that turned blue in 2008. I am in NC which did that in 2008. So just wondering
Did you know... TODAY $350 million in disability benefits are dispersed in the US (that equals $127billion/year)The leading cause: arthritis
Doesn't Andrew Bynum look like the uncle from ATL in the face?
Remember if you guess the correct location you get $25 sent to you in the mail
This one's really one the razor's edge RT I need a list of Ian Darke's adjectives. So descriptive, rarely repetitive.
no problem (: I'm #TeamFollowBack so yeah (: plus you seem normal unlike some creeps on here :P lol
"HAI FATTO BELLA FIGURA" An Italian expression for making a positive impression & pleasing to both the eye & mind,the essence of our service
Just got a job offer, so I should be happy, but the pay is so low it's actually insulting and not worth giving up 9-6 M-F
This is why I'm single. Niggas & bitches have their priorities fucked up smh
My new favorite spurs player/athlete
Guess this week's #AfricanAmerican Notable. He was the oldest practicing attorney in #Indiana & member of the Buffalo Soldiers. Who is he?
i know! I'm so bad. I live by the philosophy "why do today what can be put off until tomorrow"...lol! At least on Sundays I do
lmao I am right now
I'll check out your site in a sec.
Off to speak on "How Video Resumes & Social Media Help You Find a Job" to the PWC Networking group in downtown Dallas.
I would love a crack at that hot little body!!!!!! Any pic of YOU is a bonus to my day!!!!
SURE! haha since i probably need help too. he's gonna be a tough one. heheh and we can creep on him.
when you get a sec just message me for an invite we have 4 people playing 6v6
PLEASSEE wish a happy birthday! :)
Black dude on survivor is clearly High. Tribal council won't vote the dope man off lol
Turning to my next thought- + conversation-provoking column. I'll rejoin the conversation on today's when I return. Thanks SD. Keep talking.
Just wanna watch some baseball
Vegetarian meatballs. Contradiction much?
If there is one thing I could teach ppl is don't fight cause once you start you can't stop and it fucks everything up
I'm going to appeal my financial aid award!
“: please play some and ” THX Patti! Happy #easter to you & the family! \m/
did he?!! Yay!! He was my favorite from day one. :)
There will come a day youth will pass away, then what will they say about me?
I'm going to need my own Red Bull-Wing-Guy...to deliver endless Red Bull & take me places. Lots of Red Bull. Lots of places.
nashville tomo nite!! the muse! we play early
Thanks for the recommendation! So glad you found our post, it was our first! We'd love to have you.
you have a lot of questions haha. hope you're having a good night out!
Hey I'm on the way w/ 's iphone. Where you at?
Adams/Morgan Farmers market in DC, Mike Tabor, Organic Farmer selling apples and cider and things that go bump in the night
love your live tweets on the r miller panel that I couldn't attend due to a conflict. Thank you & keep it up!
Its gunna hit 80 today.. I feel bad for these runners!! Hot weather!
So I saw John Travolta in the TT and looked at tweets outta curiosity. Biggest. #Fail. Ever. Eeww, it's just nasty. smh.
Deadly fire on LSD in Chi-town. Occupants out; death by fumes to tenant using elevator which didn't shut down and went to fire floor.
Karaoke w/ HILARIOUS!
well don't steal my two favorite, Roc Royal and Ray Ray..!!!!!!
Two ways to instantly get me to unfriend you on Facebook: 1. Shit head posts about how non-atheists are dumb; 2. Own an exotic pet.
I love
Free show tonight at Cass Cafe (Cass and Warren, Detroit). Oscillating Fan Club is going on shortly, we play a bit later
He proposes a contradiction. He wants capitalism, but doesn't want the imperialism that comes with it.
I think all reporters who gave Farve such a hard time after NO loss need to apologize to him, targeted and hurt during the game.
My aunts coming to ATL today! Excited to see them. :)
My snack mix is 97.8% raisins/berries, which isn't snack mix in my bk. I blame for guilty feelings re mid-day grilled cheese
“: Yeah they really do be getting over”
thanks!! :) sorry for taking to long to response <3
No, I hate using my hand for anything.
Morning Monday!
you take that back!
Hey, #neworleans - radio says power is out "uptown" - should I wait to go in to work at #Loyola #LoyolaNewOrleans ???
Very cool cloud pic. I see airplane shapes (I see airplane shapes in everything).
what is beauty? You got this! Sit down and let the randomness flow
YAY! Our Xmas card goes out today! If you were naughty sorry you won't be receiving one :( jk you probably just weren't on our mailing list
south side babe come thru!
I think there is a fcc rule somewhere about broadcasting after midnight.
Another tough loss tonight. As Staci from NY said, it's tough to win games regardless of pitching when you only have 4 hits.
no, like band name.
RT : Happy B day to our millionaire gentlemen (via )
RT Follow get the best hair care products. CELEBRITIES ARE WELCOME TO TRY. PLEASE EMAIL RACHEAL
just setup this morning
Who is the best couponer you know? (It is okay if it is yourself.)
i wasnt arguin juss bein difficult and poking fun at ya =p
I like Ra Ra Riot's Boy!
how come your check deposit feature hasn't been working for a week??
Thank you for the tasty love!
1=10 inches from the driveway. You gotta appreciate simple pleasures when it's January in Wisconsin.
& I are off for another whirlwind weekend of weddings in Key West. Hope to see some of you! xoxo
Forget a glass of champagne, the first thing I'm going to do when this baby pops out is touch my toes.
hacked you and I luhh you boo!!!(:<3
R.I.P. Donna Summer! Your music will forever live on
Beautiful weather in Dallas ready for
Why do I wait for it to look like I have 20 kids to do my laundry. ( and yes I tell ppl I have 20 kids, so they don't judge me)
At least when Portal 2 and Starcraft II launched, I could reason the love from the PC crowd.
More Notable Birthdays: Mike Oldfield, Emmitt Smith, Amy Chow.
I hate to it, but you're 100% correct. He will. He's doing his job more than well, just continues to anger fans while doing it.
looking good!
Emotional people piss me off...freaking rub some dirt in it or somethin.
what are you working with now?
you'll look great in all of them. :)
you definatley should!! we would love that.:))
Yeah. I heard he's gonna be there tomorrow though,. -_-
People and things change with time, but memories remain the same.
Whew. I'm off to bed. Rehearsals start in the morning! Super excited. I feel like a kid on Christmas Eve. LOL
modern true love: when you entrust your SO with your facebook, twitter and email passwords.
mid-late september or early october depending on weather
Ovi's playoff beard combined with his missing teeth make him look like a dirty homeless sexual predator
Thanks for the continued support! Come and have one with us...
question regarding contest... do i need to be in the picture (i promise it won't be photoshop'd) holding cam and posing is an issue
get it under control ...
Time to get a fresh cut...
That's awesome. My resume needs a much needed workout just like I do after the holidays. How were your holidays?
Please spin "I'm Not A Gangsta" by ! That's my jam!
are you okay?
Organize your flight pattern.
Having the greatest time with Mia Joy Candles!!!
My natural environment is to be surrounded by blacks and mexicans
Loving the new two men and a truck home office! This is one cutting edge moving organization!
Enough photoshop tonight. San Francisco photographer
nothing much. How u been?
im sorry took me so long i was on instagram but now your officially followed by
Thank you!
glad it aint just me! :)
You are not alone. I'm assuming iCloud migrations. Doesn't instill confidence.
Done! We're still finishing up on Netter's final portrait, but it's getting there ;)
Watching #Revolver - The movie defines #BadAss - Check it out. What's the most bad ass movie of all time?
Clearly not getting this paper done ha
hi :D
#Wiunion trolls have abnormal obsession w/teacher-bashing. Like hating on librarians or nurses: odd. Were you not such successful students?
Nice standing O for #LamarOdom tonite
The have their challenges, yes. But blowing the whole thing up wasn't the answer. Very important offseason though...
If the Pack wins tonight, I just might have the biggest hangover of my life at my company's holiday party.
SHOW FRIDAY at the Double Door - Chicago w/
Can't wait! RT : Our 15th annual Hedgebrook Womens Playwrights Festival is going on right now! Free reading
I got his besty
Full color outdoor banners on sale! Call us 800-724-0577.
Awesome! You set the orchestra in tune with your "A", the love and passion of music is ever within us with each of every day.
North Carolina did NOT raise up today.
Ugh my day tomorrow <<<<<<
4am and I'm still playing Family Feud. Thanks, - you've created a monster.
When was the last time you did something just to get... a smile? Put a smile on a strangers face and experience how good it feels!
Criminey. Spent probably 3 hours debugging a login problem on new project and it turned out I hadn't set the enabled flag to true. blerg
Going to see The Dolls (oh yeah, Poison and Motley Crue are also playing)!!!
you need it if it's going to be a kia! ;-)
Sure thing! Us too!
there I fixed it lol.
#ATX's art scene is bursting at the seams tonight. Events at , , , and !
I ate an ear taco last night. Not sure what kind of ear.
: Yes! Can't wait to see the pics!
I can't make that but we can plan smthng for nxt weekend, no? Lol
I definitely agree. You can check off diversity on your list!
Just take me as I am, or have nothing at all.
Obviously :) RT : I'm on the edge of glory over here.
#WeWantMontrezl to come to
my boyfriends hot..
Deals on summer flights to #Paris & #Madrid via ... check it out!
If you have been admiring a certain Rocket Fish or Minnow, TODAY is the day to claim your prize! Bid sheets will be ON the Fish until 8pm!
You are the best, thanks so much for your advice - tailored to my needs and practical as well! Ready for the May challenge!
Strongly encourage everyone to tune 1310 in HD for the tonight at 7pm. The show looks amazing.
we just had lunch...? But I really am hungry too though.
Send me your pictures of nasty homes!
got #talkthattalk on #itunes im #obsessed !!!!
"Pop, pop" - Magnitude. #Random #Community Tweet
today sucks. tomorrow's gonna be worse. :(
Just went to 2 different Dunkin Donuts after checking their hours and seeing one is open 24 hours and the other until 11. Both were closed.
Submissions for 2012 summer internships are now closed. Many thanks to all of our applicants for having an interest in our company!
": #WeWontWorkOutIf you don't show any affection and do cute shit for me. Actions speak louder than words."
Count the W and #CLIPPERS moving on to #Spurs (should have lots of #MAVS supporters on this one LOL)
Sweet vermouth on the rocks with a twist. That's my favorite drink. Mine too! Too early for flapjacks? That about sums it up.
Spontaneous Irish step dancing by team at Jeni's ice cream
is today the day you're gonna follow me..?:)
that all men are created equal. Abraham Lincoln, Gettysburg Address.
it sure is!
tht moment : when sumbdy getcho number & tht person anoyying . but you cant do nun about it
Great workshop today with CD Allen Hooper!
I'm the buttcheek whisperer, don't follow the imitators.
May i have a shoutout? I'm here to help ICONiacz get noticed by the boys! :)
Tech can help make it a flow instead of an event.
"Line up ma advisaries blast on sight,and fuck yo boyfriend bitch I want some ass tonite"
AP News Alert: American Airlines and parent company AMR file for Chapter 11 reorganization.
How are you?(:
Do you project any Frogs going in the first few rounds?
Pain is anevitable. Suffering is optional <3
Great show this morning @ #Memphis Farmers Market, Playing the #GreenBeatle w/ tonight @ 8pm, c'mon out!
I think he's giving it away, hoping the publicity can get him a new TV gig.
Stoked for show tonight down in the springs with t-shirts for tomorrow and forever the sickest kids!!!
lol. it's cool bro. we gotta record that song with brandon soon
my bad. Think I was projecting. Hope it gets better.
Now we're heading to Ihop lmao...
Damn u hungry aint it lol RT : Wonder what's for breakfast....
Just had the most difficult time logging in. What's up twitter?
yeah im going to a sleepover!!
its ok.
No current plans, unfortunately. Sorry!
BOOM!!! Congrats on finishing! What high school? RT : Woo! i'm certified in Everfi! :p
THERE IS A HOLE IN MY SWEATER. WHERE IS ????
Last day of Broadcasting): #AVTnextyear <3
Seth Godin *is* American Gothic!
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.4
follow me :D
I would love to go to New York.....The music business....there.....$$$$$$$! That's pretty much all I see as a music artist...
": they gave us more cd's of our last photoshoot" oh god ... ew.
I CANNOT WAIT
uh huh, i caught u in action last nite...busted, bro n i snapped pics of ya ass last nite.. Dont make me expose ya ass lol
psyched about tonights show at shark city we got a great response and a couple of talent scouts r coming to check us out.
the granny panties were flying
#BlackHistoryBusinessFact Booker T Wash. started the Nat'l Negro Business League to encourage the recycling of black dollars & economic
Massage helps athletes of any level prepare for, and recover from, strenuous workouts
#HillerHelps - Post-Nuptial Agreements - establishes the need for disability insurance.
Is it rainy in Chicago?
May is definitely my month this year, a lot is happening for me. :)
YOU'RE WELCOME.
"He said it first, he's gotta go too" Morgan
FB and Twitter are not the solutions to problems. They're just channels. The value you deliver is the solution says
WORKING ON MY NEXT MIXTAPE ARTISTS GET FOR MIXTAPE PLACEMENTS DEADLINE THIS FRIDAY
#ThatsYouHuh ? where ? in that back al the way over there ?
"It's Going To Be Epic"... -ASBMG
the 16 hours!!!
it's official all my shows have had their season finales vampire diaries, greys anatomy, & 90210 wtf am I suppose to do!!!
I had a BLAST at the dance. So much fun seeing all of my kids having fun!
Catherine: Why? (1) because I feel sorry poor/homeless people and I want to help!
Homework for this class is absolutely pointless for me. Career Development my ass.
Thanks man! RT “: Dope stuff over at <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>”
Bouttah Smoke A Sweet && Go Back To Sleep !
Sungha Jung is absolutely amazing. Every time I see him play a song on his guitar, I am blown away and awestruck. <U+2665>
nah I have a certain time to go to class haha but yeah. Not as hard as a regular school.
my motto's to do it for the culture.
Why is there like 15 UPS TRUCKS in front of me
Cheering in Spanish: Obama immigration reform or no election!
Who Hates Lil.B. More Than I Do?...Fuck Lil.B.
wtf do you do, when you don't know if it is real.
You make me laugh
can't wait to see Letters to Juliet, pretty sure i've been bugging for months now
did you tweet me back? :o my phone is trippin
Stay strong...all ye 8AM exam takers
thank you for being awesome! you have made 2011 better for me and many others. have a great holiday!
Even Castles made of sand, fall into the sea, eventually. - Jimi Hendrix
Holy hot Jesus pants, this is terrible.
It's Monday- Texas Holdem LoCash Style come on out and eat-drink-and play. Game starts 7:30ish. JC
Oh my gosh! Lol, wasn't what I was trying to say lolololol.
omg you would. >.>
sorry, thought I was following you! :)
RT : : People often assess the credibility of a website in less than 3 seconds -first impressions are key!
hey man, you sure?
This just in Cleveland doesn't like any FA WR's or any in draft for that matter, but love the ones we have. Solid
Be very careful, a friendship that has lasted for years can be completely changed in an instant & never be the same again.
New day new blessing. Don’t let yesterdays failures ruin beauty today, each day has its own promise of love and joy. GOOD MORNING
Calm down Tigers.
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate i have a size 11 shoe you know what that means right *raises eyebrows twice and winks eye* <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
That awkward moment when someone yells at you because you clicked your pen more than once & you have to click it one more time to use it.
awes. You're so sweet!
Started a diet today (:
amazing concert this is why I love ! good job baby
going to bed.
Did you feel like you needed to bathe in liquid nitrogen, or are you good?
love it! you can never have too much feathered hair, right?
should I not spend $5.99?
Thursday @ Plan B Don't miss BOO FROG & Hairspray Blues -Phil White opens
Awesome new song
Is playing the drums in Rock Band exercise? It does a really good exercise impression.
Mavs-Suns tonight in PHX. It's always fun when Dirk and Nash get together. 9:30 p.m. on TNT. Don't miss it.
Thanks my man!
hey, thanks!
These Pancakes Are On Fucking Point ! Who Dont Know How To Cook?
Rebirth Brass Band The Baddest Band In The Land 6 Ward
It’s hard for me to get used to these changing times. I can remember when the air was clean and sex was dirty.
Anyone have anymore on this?? RT Antti Niemi to sign w/SJ according to
Social Networking does work I had an issue with Dell Customer Service Phone agents wouldn't help and I was mad posted it on facebook
#thingsiwontunderstand why the Hulk wears any pants at all.
Danny Grainger bout to get yoked up by LeBron.
Great play by Walden
Awww Yinelis fell asleep so I'm watching Honey 2 all alone. :(
Everyone is so cinco de lame-o
3more days until the show! I hope you ALL get a chance 2 come out. www.MRCJE.com get your tickets.
#pdaebook DDA-demand driven acquisitions- providing as much content as possible for immediate use. Levine-Clark
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho buzz kills everything.
I'm tweeting right from my iPod touch!
i love u Ariana!
I do not want to go out tonight. But, SOMEONE must keep the dream alive.
I'm inviting myself to this too. K, thanks!
Y'a'll have a good time!
Good game Lady Gorillas! Whoop whoop!
Ugghhhh don't wanna go.to.work
Yea!!!! Loved WALL-E
Your a freaking weirdo!
O.J. was found 'Not Guilty' as well.. chew on that
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho strapped a #dog on the roof of his car and pinned down a classmate so he could cut his hair.
Congrats to for being selected as a #Pulitzer finalist!
btw, i went to a silent disco last night in an enchanted forest. it was amazing.
Can't wait to see John Cusack as Edgar Allen Poe in The Raven.
The funeral will be Mon. At st. Lamberts in sioux falls at 11. Visitation is Sun. @ boom funeral home @ 4-6 with prayer service to follow
Check out this video my friends and some of our awesome Alaskan Native students at UAA made. Just 2 weeks ago I taught them screenwriting.
Theoretical monarch is detrimental for creativity and intellectual growth
Just traded my 1.09 and 6.03 rookie pick for J. Baldwin, S. Bradford, and the 2.11. Adding myself some young depth!
then u have my permission
how many cats do you have?
no lo veo
Wish I had known about #WSM100 announcement. I would have headed down. That's what I get for limiting my time on social media yesterday!
needed to do notecards for anatomy & i didn't even touch my bookbag this weekend..
According to Wikipedia: Encyclopædia Britannica was founded in "Your Mother" by a bunch of "ugly Wankers"
Flipping between the #Caps - #Wild game #NHL and the #Kansas - #UNC game #NCAA. Great sports on TV while the kids are sick on a rainy day
#Imagine Austin: Your lips look so lonely.. You: huh? Austin: Would they like to meet mine? *kisses you*
Oh my god ! That was HILARIOUS !
I'd prefer if Danny Strong wrote adaptation of 'Steve Jobs' so we could all see what Jobs would've looked like in a power suit and lipstick.
Had rehearsal with Dean Johnson, he is playing with us in Mexico next week. Can't wait !
Finally home & I'm wide awake.
it's clear where we are like not even a drop!
Don't worry. Latex sheds rain.
Thanks for thinking of us!
"You've lost your arms in battle! But you've grown some nice boobs!"
Mendeley, Cite-U-Like, Zotero...RT : lovely people of academia, is EndNote good? or are there better ways to manage citations?
still watching Coupon Wars?! :D
I miss Gushers. Do they still make Gushers?
I hate thunder storms
I love getting wonderful snail mail from
"I blame the internet" bahahaha
I'm so glad I had to work today and miss this game...
I strive to be the best
cool...I won't be that early probably, but I plan on coming down...
We have no rental fees - call (317) 264-3585 to discuss.
Is craving guacamole.
Bing Surpasses Yahoo to Become #2 Search Engine according to Comscore, Bing is up to 15%. Something to remember when working on SEO.
To the guy wearing a blue button up that looks as if the buttons may pop off any second. U don't need to be eatin a snow cone
Clearly, I have completely underestimated the use of tags in umwblogs. No longer.
On the air early today on for Hollywood Hamilton until 7PM!
that choir rocks!!
#jermainePaul is awesome. His performance was beyond words, he deserved that win! #TheVoice <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>
Have an amazing friday twitter friends and a blessed and safe wknd:-) Keep It Elegant.
is a twittery zeitgeist. a sampling of real seaches people are entering now.
Spitters gettin heavy. Need a new bottle.
this has it all.......someone is keeping #chelsea in the game.... the best goalscorer in the world misses a penaly!! #messi was messy
Saw The Help again w/ Bryce was superb as always. If I was a nominator, she'd be at the top of my list!
is the modern day rolodex. and it works. well. Add that to the list the gmail should have but doesn't.
The weird and wonderful Françoise Durr.
ya!! 497.. Text me! I gotta talk to u too! Lol
I work at a FOX station so my co-workers tease me for A) Yelling out the wrong Jeopardy answer and B) Watching CBS.
I thought my friends shirt said peace love and drugs. But it said thugs.
Final task for JAF revision: re-work genre diagram. First impulse was a 3D graph. A few calculations later, I realized pwned me.
Dicks my new home
Why dont bus drivers ever listen to music from this century..
can u say loose den a mf
Did you get your Chelsea Grin tickets yet?
Success requires you create a positive environment. Then impose strict deadlines on yourself and be ruthlessly resistant to wasting time.
Be sure to bring your tin foil helmet! Looking forward to seeing what you get.
I mean regardless the latter had a ton to do with it. Manning did not want to feel any pressure to make this decision.
Using rails engines to segregate long running feature tests... Very interesting.
aww I love you.
Entertaining a guest from NY. Short list of food/drink to showcase for SD? Right now at showcasing
What's an email for both of you I can send this track to?
sexy, sexy, sexy, sexy, x
and fresh watermelon!
Tomorrow's Matinee @ 2- Paw what you wish tickets for "Once in a Lifetime" World premiere @ the Cell!
We've been lucky here in Richmond area, not a lot of snow this year, keeps dropping just north of here.
record is going to be epic :-)
Birddogging for homes then doing comp reports. Who's with me? #vegashomes Investment opportunities are sprouting up everyday.
hint it isn't the cat
All I know is that is an amazing actor! I am now on 2 teams. #TeamDrew and
If Barkley was in this draft, the Vikings had better take him at #3. Christian Ponder was #10 in 2011 QB Rankings.
Sweat pants hair tied chillin wit no makeup on Thats when your the prettiest I hope that you dont take it wrong
You can not gain peace by avoiding life.
"the credits for im gunna get you sucka list you as rib joint customer"
I just tripped and almost died.
I read freedom. It was terrible, but I read it.
In the immortal words of Guns n Roses: "Nothing lasts forever, even cold November rain."
I can also recommend the Mocha Coconut Frapuccino at Boozeless, unfortunately. :)
Thank You!
'he didn't know what the bill would do, but he went ahead and voted for it anyway'
For sure, it will be so nice to see you. :)
Happy Independence Day from your friends !
Come out to Lake Lawn (Delavan) tonight. Chris Kohn and Big John will rock some brains at the Lookout Bar 9pm-1am. We want to see you!
got you boo
Talk time is being held at the Main Library every Tuesday in February at 2pm for non native speakers to practice English and meet new people
It's Thursday... That means we have happy hour at Claire's and free museum admission until 8. Come on over!
oh.my.god. They are obnoxious though. >.>
Self-storage packs top low-risk real estate return - San Francisco Chronicle
Gotta love Xfactor.
Has our packages arrived for the troops yet? Let us know. Thanks for what you all do
i cant wait
#MostOverratedMusicArtists well this is sure to cause some problems on Twitter today.
i am looking for more friends on twitter.
Are u saying you hurt your finger on purpose to take a break to enjoy the sunny weather? lol! I would probably do the same :)
its all good I thought thats what you meant
well I still don't have your number..7819159232 but you have mine.. Again lol .. Well see who's to blame now
yeah, well...im sure theres a book i can read at Red Lobster
coco lee rocks!!
Some people are so much sunshine to the square inch.
“ Too blessed 2 b stressed!!!!”
RT : Does anyone know how 's son is doing? - I am worried sick as well. No news.
I bet the dragons are just out getting Dany a Mother's day card. Aw.
Giants got a steal with Reuben Randle though...
Coworker will DJ Jam on Hawthorne tomorrow at 9 p.m. If you feel like dancing and don't already have fix, stop by & groove.
Boo Radley will be on stage again tonight and tomorrow night regardless of HotGirl19's attractive emails! Maybe...maybe...
It's going to be a good day. I just have to get to the point where I'm awake enough to BELIEVE that.
Craving some delicious sushi? Go to Kiku Japanese Restaurant and make sure to bring you student ID to receive a 40-50% discount!
West End streets are literally bumper to bumper right now with Card fans in their cars honking, waving flags, and throwing L's.
Goal of protesters in Vietnam Vets Plaza is to occupy. Question is: will the NYPD let them?
me too, but it was way too much fun
These are the REAL #MadMen.....Watch #ThePItch on #AMC and see how it's done!
Pinoe has fluorescent feet tonight too! Haha. BEACONS.
Show me a nasty fruit bat, and I'll show you a 23 year old man screaming like a little girl.
good luck!
I'm your first follower!!! I love this. This is good.
You can't have one of the greatest champ games in your 1st year if you give away seats and ppl would rather watch big 12 regular season.
I enjoy bossing my mother around.
I'll be making a video soon like I promised I'm just waiting for my voice to heal. And I thought of a song. :)
This is one of those times I wish America loved football/soccer as much as the rest of the world. This has been one hell of a match.
Ok, So What Yeahh I'm Mad My Cuz Gon Be On 106&Park On The 16th of next month -_- He Ain't On .... Yet
- i'm lucky to have a disability and as such, Medicare and Medicaid. If not....
yeah! and they say the weirdest shit.
Appreciate you man. I'll get back to you soon
#Vegas never pays...
it's called Emoji2. You have to copy and paste the icons though kinda a bummer <U+2639>
Hopefully after what did, less people will say horrible things thinking they can hide behind a computer.
When in doubt, name call. LAME. told me not to reason with morons like Stacey.Its not worth it.
there is no way in hell I'm waking up at 4.
I CAN'T WAIT! and no you won't :)
. great conversation and company! Thanks for introducing me to my new favorite lunch spot!
stratus of cumulus = everywhere all over w/ appearance of horizontal layer but w/ the depth and energy of a thunder cloud.
Reading Young Romantics: The Shelleys, Byron & Other Tangled Lives by Daisy Hay. Like a soap opera of the brilliant & witty.
Lot's of rad men's clothing added to the racks today!
": ..lmao...no fainting..its bad for the baby..lol <<< it's so true....not fair!! *screams* WHAT ABOUT ME?!! LOL
Next up: background tour of #NoWasteProject catering for
RT : If you ever see me staring at a light bulb, I'm probably just trying to sneeze.
We need some more Park faculty here to join the discussion on the merits of tenure...
Witness, we are holding on for dear life to those lights RT : You can take down your Christmas lights now, everyone in Queens.
that's because you suck
any thoughts on this? or in general?
Lunch at Alamo Drafthouse Ritz and movie #9 - "Leave Me Like You Found Me". Or perhaps "Don't Change Me!" should have been the title. :-)
whats going on people
CBGB shits? Fairly certain those happened to Joey Ramone on a regular basis!
If Olly saw that he'd think Santa's face was a dog toy attached to your shirt and would probably attack it.
I'm feeling sad today. May I have an Emily Blunt RT?
hahaha love it :)
Secret Crush ;P
umm...per my sister, it kinda sucks. Better in the city than the burbs though. I can introduce you and you can ask her if you want.
Hahaha it's okay. Did you know because of my Phillies retweets? Or my excessive use of exclamation points?
2104- Your really pretty,nice & sweet. We should talk more(:
Hi Justin! Want to join us for lunch sometime? We'd love to have you... Is your father a Rotarian?
Wow! Great job!
had a great Christmas and New Year's. Just started working out again. Here's to a healthier and happier 2011!!
ok thanks
there's the team I know: bases loaded 1 out then a 3-2 double play...
Thanks for the .... >:o RT : Thanks for the Livestrong band :)
when are you gonna start letting us know about your great specials like "Lobster Wednesday" on the app??
How much longer until UTSA Football season?
I can't wait (Well, not for the turkey, obviously, but for #pranksgiving) - I'm en route to nyc now!
“: If you think women are the weaker sex, try pulling the blankets back to your side.” Hahaha!!
Gotta love Ozzie
congrats on valedictorian!
I just finished a 3.16 mi run with a pace of 7'47"/mi and a time of 24:39 with Nike+ GPS.
Is the oil spill in the gulf Obama's Katrina? I hope not!
i think #someday should be #now ! Please follow me justin <314
The bottle is clearly pointing at us
thanks for the RT!
Nice pass by John Lucas I
I'm trying to picture the porn for which Queen would work. Apparently has seen some.
Please sleep. Please sleep. Please sleep. Wait, the clowns will eat me.
Ok, so Lenny's bass guitarist is kinda creepy & his rhythm guitarist looks like Anthony Wiener crossed w/ carrot top.
when i meet my new
plaaaaasee follow me
hope he stays. Not getting enough attention. Future top 5 pick.
I do not consult with sum of u niggas
It's never too late to have a happy childhood. - Berkeley Breathed
Who's your pick to win the NCAA Tournament? Will you be cooking up any great snacks for the game?
Shooting some Playoff hockey tonight! Go Chiefs!
KEEP IT LIT PIMP THE NEW SHIT SLAPPIN! !
I was watching that too! I don't know how some of those girls get pregnant..
He is on that car flow
#Edcampss is open for registration - www.edcampss.org Come join us in Philly March 24th 4 a great day of learning & sharing
I'm excited for the Williams signing for the #Bills... but why does my mind keep going back to Bledsoe?
Getting a jersey mikes sub for the first time!
Sundays are so boring..
MT do you know if well have projector in presentation room at #cwcon ? Attn:
The Longleaf Pine, native to the southern part of the United States, does not have heartwood until it is 18 or so years old!
Less than 12 hours until School Pride Day starts at The Fair, anyone up right now?
Being in sync within allows you to see the best in others without being blind to the facts of who they really are.
You're welcome! Thanks for checking it out.
M... Like a little under a month
I'm coloring my hair with this foam stuff and it smells just like soy sauce, oddly. Hope my hair doesn't smell like soy sauce tomorrow.
Full fridge >>
I cant stop thinking about her..she is 4ever on my mind....I LOVE YOU.
actually, it's my first one :D
go to sleep Super Bowl bound Ochocinco.
. The cherry on top was the "If you're single" postscript. As. If.
I'm an idiot i only uploaded half of the show, ill send you the new link in a few
Know what sounds good right now? Strawberry Belgium waffles m
- great. Just got back from JA. You?
A good win tonight at the grizz game. Just got home and kicking back.
I know everyone had a good time
TV for sale.... 32'' LG Flat Screen. Basically brand new.... Inbox me if u want it... I need to sell it ASAP
Such a nice day! <U+2600>
Franz Ferdinand was assassinated on this day in 1914.
nontrad #librarian path doesn't mean leaving the learnings: currently turning an old 501 paper into a blog post for my company
#SportsExposDen is just 3 days away! The news is spreading everywhere thanks to our friends , and !
I'm out
Great day ahead in #roc ! Lunch with the sisters, sewing and shopping.
Just fell in love with an aussie stranger! Beautiful blue-est blue eyes! I love you!
Please RT We are trying to make #RyanKennedy trend for 4th grader fighting cancer.. He wants to see his name trending on twitter.. Thank You
yeah I guess.
#LoveLost had two women in my life had to come clean do the new year feels like I'm loosing two good friends great women Bad Man..
We will be CLOSED tomorrow in honor of Passover. We will be OPEN Sunday, 4/8 from 10:00 AM – 5:00 PM. Have a wonderful holiday weekend.
Wow I'm home alone on mothers day
Right? That was awesome.
The Knicks need to give it everything. By the way, how is Amare going to come back next game? His sling is ridiculous.
Kudos to Christine Moore of ATT for the $4,500 grant to the #ChulaVista police Explorers! It's a great program; the money will be well-used.
getting back into work mode after a great few days in Portland
no worries... should i resend then?
yeah we are beyond amazayn were so awesome that chuck Norris wears shirts with our faces on them :D
ya and blew up my damm phone
1/2 and if y'all need anything anytime of the day don't care when u know u can text me and I would be willing
Hope everyone has on deoderant.
didja see all the mud that was throwing this weekend? sad.
I see it all the time! Must be trying to achieve the state of perpetual anxiety that comes naturally to me (and most NYers)
#SometimesIWonder should we not accept a 3rd party in 2012 ?
Just FYI, it's the first in a five-part series I'm working on. Part II is a story on Juan Nieves' memorable no-hiitter. Look for it tomorrow
lol u dont hit me up
already did and not letting him back this time!
Did you know Apple Rock has the ability to design, build, & manage worldwide with 3 offices in NC & an office/warehouse in Las Vegas
lol oh yea.. im jus tryna fit in. goin to get my camo shirt now
Working a serious "party down" styled bar mitzvah in the Hamptons right now.
The Fly is packed! Get of Facebook and come join the party!!!
#waystomakemehappy buying me snickers and Cheetos out the blue because you know I love them <3
nice idea ... join our ad campaign, we'll give to your cause
- fun fact: i cannot be faded.
Science World! I think it's more kid-oriented though.
it was good kicking it with you at . Always good to meet another corky's BBQ fan
aww! it sucks! one of my friends is moving also!
Thanks to everyone who checked out our new promo site www.scoresluda.com and gave great feedback.
I am thinking sushi for dinner, that sounds good after a hot day on the lake.
If that's what your gut says, I'm with it.
maybe we could meet halfway at Umamicatessen soon? Because nothing says "cute clothes" like lots of meat.
this asian bitch keeps starin at me like .. not even tryna hide it. fuckin looker n shit.
At the theater about to see "Percy Jackson and The Olympians"
Tuesday is always good for some BBQ and a Tallboy Special at LoCash!
Romney running 17% under his 2008 margins in Michigan. Bad sign for him...good sign for America.
A 2 guard offensive set is my favorite because you are ready for anything the defense might try to do - press/trap/zone
what do you need player? Hmu
any chance of u coming back to the buckeye state or motown? #SugarSticks need their Loni fix! :-) #shakesincornerlikeanaddict!
Just sat next to Ryan Grigson's wife and adorable children on my BOS to IND flight. Go #Colts!
Going well. How's by you?
it tis, LOL. and speaking of where folks been...what u been up to???
I would love to go to the ESPYs.
lol! Dude ya know I love ya, ya know I care.
5% of sales for the month of March will be donated to The Chardon Healing Fund. Help be a part of the healing in this wonderful community!
#WWII by is pretty damn epic. As good as ever. :D
If we are interested in Hazard then we have to sign him. Period.
Ball so hard...Good night
#AMERICANIDOL!!! vote for !!!!
That last view was great props to great camera work.
dm me your email address
Good night world
Nothing like a nasty voice blustering out mean-spirited opinions to help people shake off the post-lunch blahs!
“: Guys, go tell Rian not to leave :(” don't leave your girl man <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0091>
I specifically didn't shave today so that I'd fit in during our company wide recreation of Bartertown.
Check out our new feather hair extensions and feather earrings at www.clipitz.com !
and they need the experience (which you get in 10 fold at a startup)! It makes the startup ecosystem go round.
Nothing like watching impractical jokers by yourself hysterical laughing! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
you thought that was good? too bad you didn't know .... haha
PINC's featured cocktail of the week will be posted on Friday...just in time for the weekend...
Checkout my facebook location.
thank you so much beloved but you should be included too!
New song in the works? WHA??!?!? STay tuned!
Sorry I don't get on this account much, hows everyone?<3
It was crispy laughing bird shrimp!!
All wild cards are out.
I'm glad he called me I needed some understanding n venting cuz I was hella frustrated wit him
He make HOES talk but now im like fuck it
you say you don't lie about all that, yet after school you had your arms around, not one, but TWO girls. one being mj. #dumbasswhore #wow (x
Merry Christmas. Hangover breakfast while my brother plays us his guitar solos.
Does anyone know any online tools for sharing student poetry?
I tried to design a website for children one time and it looked like it was designed by a child. Primary colors are hard.
im sorry :\
eat something
I'm just sayin he is a talker
Good time with the friends, need to do it again soon.
: We will always need the verve of Chuck Klosterman's sportswriting!
Just saw a guy in the parking garage at my apartment wearing a Hawaiian shirt an a sombrero. God Bless Jimmy Buffett.
Hey! We're looking to tour at the end of this month. Any places we can play or is someone having a party we can come crash?!
Pizza hut with :)
all that Shit yall perpetuate on tv ain't respecting a women. So kill that noise. We know what's up.
LOL. Lakers look like they've never ever practiced that situation. Ever. Wow.
Just poppin' in to say goodnight and we'll see you back here tomorrow. Don't forget to turn those faucets off tight! Night everyone!
Non descript brown moths. Every 7-12 years ABQ becomes overwhelmed with them. At least they make the roadrunners fat and happy.
korean zombie wit the 7 second k.o wow!!!!
Im here to stay twitter!”)
oh ok
I hope isn't too jealous when I steal and Jill from him for at least one day this summer :)
I caant listen to #saysomethin on the radio.... My life's over.... ;(
Don't judge the next mf based on wat they have and dont have just be a good friend or dont fuck with them at all... KEEP IT REAL
Thanks my man! Trying to get the word out, glad we found you.
give her husband a son who looks like him. Peter Bayles says,"extensions of our egos."
Stubbs double to the gap for #Reds' first baserunner of the game.
I have also done "tune ups" on their toy cars before doing the adjustments for little boys and girls....Great memories... :)
ouch. I've had that happen years ago. I twisted my ankle so badly!
which show???
i thought we did but then wasn't sure if the dog had not just jumped off the bed RT : did we just have an earthquake?
Just logged on & had more than 20 new followers!
RT : grillin', chillin' rocking. that is my plan for the evening. :) <---- That's what I am talking about Cbus. Luv this weather!
hii allie! its natt! Please tell Nick I said happybirthdayy and I hope to see him again! Xoxo
Thomas Bryant will hands down be the best basketball player in Rochester for the next 4 seasons. If he works he will be an #NBA player.
East Coast or West Coast? Or in between?
So happy that you finally made it to TX. May the rest of your travels be much less exciting. Merry Christmas.
Congratulations to on raising $20 million! and I were thrilled to be involved. Thanks for your support!
Agreed. What shall it be? Find us West of the goal tomorrow!
Please acknowledge the audio issue and for God's sake mix the in-car stuff down a little.
A very happy #FF 2 , mgr par excellence of The Europa Challenge Blog!
The expression of life involves the rejection of our natural disposition & preference & simply allowing Christ to operate in us & break us.
the stuff you design, makes me upset sometimes I'm not a girl...ok that sounded odd.
did my netflix account get hijacked by a 12 year old from the 90s? all my suggestions are old spiderman cartoons
hey The Fox and The Hound is great pub Frankie! Nah I'm thinking sushi dan then walk F&H or Casa Vega?
Thanks for the leadership lesson from Kirk!
as long as that Jack daniels in the IV then I'm good to go... round 34 leggo LOL
You ever see a guy ash a cigarette into a small child's drink? I have...
At work gotta do a double shift today. Pissed at d snow
yes! I miss you guys too. You'll have to come up soon(:
aww good morning to you too sweetie! :)
Cure #caseoftheMondays with our #trivia and $9 fried chicken dinner. Nothing better.
awe @ such a young age. So helpless & innocent :( I cant imagine but im so happy u rescued her :)
yeah buddy!
words cannot describe how much i fucking love your voice. oh my. you're perfect for Get Scared! :)
What's good doe?!?!
u no how 2 turn me on nigger.
Yes, folks. Weather happens.
Seductive new #Avi pic = #winning Hard work pays off<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Let's go.
Virginia Supreme Court to hear #AlexandriaVA Wales Alley case Wednesday.
O.o
I hate being unnatractive with no personality .
Happy Teacher Appreciation Week! "It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge."-Albert Einstein
Happy Canada Day!!! p.s. did someone say a Canadian invented Superman!!
; I don't need you, that's why I left you. So please, stop trying to grab my attention with your stupid comments. K? Thanks ;) <333
Feeling completely relax, mentally and physically. Have a great day today.
Ah snap retweeted my tweet. Can you follow me? If you want to
Im still in shock right now....I literally refuse to believe that really just happened.
dm me ur building and number
Listening to Lyfe Jennings just chillin' about to start on some homework in a minute.
did Adam say he hated the song until you sang it. You and Xtina are amazing, love u both! Cant wait to buy ur album :)
I can't handle another season of Gerald Laird in my life.
And the page that it sent me to was not at all mobile-friendly. So I Googled and got the info I needed. :)
#ProbablyTheOnlyOne who hates when it rains while I'm trying to sleep ...
Too bad its Costa not Costas RT ": TAFOYA: Phil Costa out with a concussion"
I'm tangled up in you
When you have an ant in your hand & you leave it there because it tickles
Marvel's The Avengers Crosses $1 Billion at the Global Box Office!
True! RT First gingerbread latte of the season. It's the simple things in life!
People say #facebook is lame and boring, yet they go on it all day.
Thanks for that retweet,
im not sure if im following you but thanks for following me:D
Uneasy feeling this morning has turned so far into 2 interviews in the next 6 days! Still praying for my dream position- we'll see!
It's times like this when you learn who your friends are..
That was a killer game!!!!
The Washington Redskins WILL sign Peyton Manning.
This. “: I can't even remember the last time I cooked dinner. So much easier to order in!”
It's May.
I'm glad someone else noticed that.
only #23 can do that lml
Get $$$ AllDay I can sleep when I Die!!!
Merry #tax day everyone! Now quit checking twitter every five minutes and finish them.
It was either Aston or HP Sauce. RT Official: Aston Martin named Britain's coolest brand yet again
Summerground tonight Come hear and hear some stories from their Kenya trip NO FREE MEAL TONIGHT Ultimate Frisbee afterword
ah someone who finally understands! We get up when most people are going to bed :)
What do you call the perfect woman?
I am very sad to see the demise of the WAC. I hate to see a conference with such a prestigious history fall apart like it has.
steven this might not even be a girl! lmfao
Have you heard? is the official Rose Festival station this year! What's your favorite part of the RF? We'll cover it!
Time to get them thunder chickens!
thanks for all the pics!! She is so sweet!!
I got 2 bby mommys Kea and Beautiful and they ass on CHILD SUPPORT
is that Ryan???
born on the 8th of November. Well time for a 4 hour power nap & back to the daily grind.
What's up guys. Need last minute plans for nye. Still have a few tix for Derby, Irish Oak, and Jacks. DM me for discounts
love that necklace!
Not a good day at the cash tablesminimized the losses though, bad days come too often..Check out the new "Royal Flush" shirt also!
Chicago's sports teams need to watch "Glengarry Glen Ross" together for the "Always be closing" speech.
Pretty glad to be out of the NYC taxi right now. I may hire myself a coach!
boi you need a new fitted in your avi
No! You must finish soon :)
i just sw hangover part 2 loved it so funny!!!!!!!!!!
good seeing ya V!
Be positive
Hopkins Football "Get-Together" in NYC this Thursday evening in Midtown.
i highly doubt would ever follow/rt me, but after all, he did teach us to #neversaynever <3 1
Let the peace of GOD role over your heart continually #purpose driven
You come to love not by finding the perfect person, but by seeing an imperfect person perfectly.:-)
i will:) but then i wont go to west:P
Hello sweetie hope things are going good with you
No, but the vehicle that Zodac travels space in is known as "the space potty"
Good moring Joshua
Thanks for the embarrassment me
umm make sure to take me with you!! haha
You'd think. OTOH, there is the $17.20 per day. Sweet.
always. We're here for you!
You mad bro?
Dude... I hit a deer in Bucksnort on my way to a concert... Kinda ironic...
haha well I try! ;) i understand though, i asked a taylor swift fan to follow me back and she was very rude and said no
Hey Laura Lee! How are you? It's been way too long.
It's coming... Someone's coffee is gonna get the treatment...
stoked for tomorrow #backtoschooljam its gonna be epic!
": I'm having spelling troubles today" would have been perfect if you spelt this whole thing wrong. Lololoo
Akismet goes down for 5 minutes and I get attacked by spam. Thank goodness for when they're up and running.
Hehe, we'd love to help out!
me and my mom are outside watching this drunk ass ladyasking for candy. is this real life? lol
The Avengers was AMAZING!!!!!
I'm so mean I make medicine sick!!
Remember when I got engaged? Wooohooo!
The tweet gets good ... Until I see a typo
A view from
“: they just phoned now and offered it to me ;) so happy !!!!”>>>OMG!!! Congrats
What trendy thing am I going tonight? Ikea assembly!
Nice use of explanatory photos and diagrams in this webinar. Reminds me of a trip I took to the Harvard Depository last year.
"The Life of an Entrepreneur". Talked about overcoming the fear of failure, taking chances, and the 5 questions of success.
I told them I'd stick around til they could replace me. I still want to be able to go back and drink there. Haha.
- Keep up the great work!!!
Hey, it's Fat Tuesday so I bought doughnut holes -- Greg won't touch them so now I feel sick.
says-- "before you reach for the cookie, grab a parm crisp!"
Everyone is changing. There's no one else that's real.
Go to www.popetreelot.com
you should check the worldwide trends (;
i actually asked soony on twitter few weeks ago abt that. He said his dad is lebanese citizeb so..
what are they doing??
it ain't bad Hayden Lol
I agree, Beaverton's okay- at least it's on MAX and not TOO far. but MC is best, and I still think PDX proper needs baseball!
Super Bowl Sunday @ Tommy Rocker's...
Trying out K-9 mail and AGP on my Droid. PGP encryption on a mobile device: unnecessary? Certainly. Useless? TBD.
HBO has the best Sunday night lineup. Unfortunately though, #AMC still has
what the hell is he talking about
that sounds lovely.
Anybody saw the new show Mobbed on FoxTonight? Real Cool people should be happy when something good happens to another person and rejoice
Thanks, Nancy :D I'm super excited.
Koh drawing connection to Jones case (GPS use by law enforcement): physical trespass not a helpful concept given today's technologies
Great recording session with Erich last night for Vieniste. Back tomorrow for final mixing/tweaking on Alvas project!
#LiesPeopleAlwaysTell "I love you."
It feels good to be grown but i'm still not liking the fact that im depending on people. I want my own sh.t ALL of it!
You know someone is desperate for followers when there tweets are all of them asking for followers
Building Trust and Establishing Authority Through Content Marketing
He had my heart since day 1 and I ain't going no where
Taking a step back...i need to re group
Check out what 2006 Poker Player of the Year is saying about this movie.
Gotta pick up the new Bright Eyes asap.
Sounds like an interesting company! Feel free to email us at about sponsorship ideas?
The new owner already knew my name lmfao
Too bad my iPhone wasn't around back in them myspace days. That woulda been the shit.
the night has finally come to see in Easton, PA. Timing couldn't be better. Hope you're full of rage
Ok dick gate keeper, if u ask me "can I help u?" I shud b able to answer yes or no, right? But if I say 'no' they have to rephrase
Every sunday RT : today was one of those sundays where i REALLY missed football
Wicked cool! They're tweeting now.
As a coach, Bobby #Petrino has earned a rep as a liar, a cheat and a snake. Are any of us REALLY surprised by his current dilemma?
Congrats on all ur success!! What's ur personal biggest accomplishment to date?
A new morning after pill now works five full days after sex. Soon you can take a pill to kill your kid in his dorm room.
Eat. Run. Hope was a blast. Congrats to 's Ethan & Angela on raising an incredible $50,000 for the Fetal Hope Foundation!
Happy seis de mayo, the day of mourning when we remember the lives of many men who lost their lives due to alcohol poisoning
Nice work on behalf of Obama tonight! Romney= Out of touch. Obama= "knows his stuff" according to "expert" Jimmy Fallon.
finally bouta see this avengers movie! leggo
What is a woo woo?!?
WOLA thanks Angelina Jolie for raising awareness of Colombia's forgoten humanitarian situation #refugees #colombia #human rights
My father-in-law and are having an unofficial race from #Roc to #Bmore. Any bets as to who will win?
#6wordstories I came. I saw. I conquered.
Hooray Michelle! Glad you have your toe in the water!
I wonder who's going home. Ah
You can love me or hate me. I promise it wont make me or break me.
Gotta make up for not being on second some how. Only way is to score from first, stop sign or no stop sign.
Why ar u so #Pissed That I madeout with ur best friend? Please explain that to me
This Day in Music,1969 The Beatles rocked their 13th No.1 album with 'Abbey Road' -
The dread of life is the fave disease of the 20th century.
#YouAreMittRomney If you call bulling & hate crime "Prank" It is not "Prank" to humiliate someone because of his sexual orientation.
Got the late night muchies so I ate some peanut butter straight out of the jar(:
RT : Mike Joy referred to "a dearth" of caution flags. Nice word. No one else in the booth understands it, but it's a nice word.
So jealous of Tyler for getting another free band trip to NYC to play for ESPN. best way to travel in college I have learned.
Life out your imagination, not your history.
Way too many awesome things happening to keep up with. And I'll take it.
No can say.He was 2 when I got him.He was raised by an old lady with a bad attitude.He used to cuss like a Sailor!
Thank you for a great Blog Break. Everyone enjoyed new information about blogging and the interaction.
Sorry you will miss it Christina :-(
Nothing is lost for asking. <U+805E><U+304F><U+306F><U+4E00><U+6642><U+306E><U+6065><U+3001><U+805E><U+304B><U+306C><U+306F><U+672B><U+4EE3><U+306E><U+6065><U+3002>
Cant wait to get these New Age tees...
Hang in there.
Having a great time in Grand Rapidsl
You should totally meet
The challenge of this age is to resist and conquer in each of our own beings the racist brainwashing that is still active in our...
Exciting!! The paperback version of this year's #1Book "Grace of Silence" by is due to be printed at the publisher Sept. 6.
Jay Leno, is that you?!?
Lol. Sorry buddy. Not on twitter all a lot in the afternoon
Agreed. I think Christian conferences have become an idol for many who could pour that energy into ministry.
may I suggest a few awesome programs to you? Are you referring to spyware or just junk files taking up too much space?
me too! I was up at five =[
760 Units, V-necks, ladies/fellas, hoodies & hats!!!
Congrats to on his recent signing to Check out his latest single "Say it's so" feat. on iTunes
What the...youre finding a girlfriend in twitter?
RT : University of Florida eliminates Computer Science. Money saved used for football and Creation Studies...
Have a safe, prosperous and peaceful new year!
I am sorry. I didn't your reply earlier.
Talked to a #soldier today who is mad about the hazard pay and #GIBill prorating. The story at 6pm.
Let my hour of twitter begin
Listening to Eric Foner at #NCHE and I'm pretty sure I'd like to go get a drink with him.
I'm thinking I might have time for yoga tonight.
late sunday afternoon. Staying at Herods. Might make breakfast on halloween, wish me luck!
Looking forward to tomorrow night! I'll be playing with Funk Ark at Rock&Roll Hotel! Also - Cheick Hamala and Bio Ritmo!!
Absolutely. I can't stand moochers. However, I say this and stay home with the kids. :)
I'm disgusted at #Portland cop #Frashour being hired. Racist piece of shit. C'mon Portland, let's make them feel our rage.
We're glad you loved it, Ed! We hope to see you again soon!
why does this seem really complicated for me to use?! lbvs <3
Headed to the grand finals on Saturday. Only two more rows as a Badger.
Putting data privacy in perspective; how would the US react if Chinese judges made such insistent data requests? Nigel Murray #LTNY ^BM
We learned about Itemized deductions tonight. Can't believe you can't deduct contributions to communist organizations.
I love it. We do need to discuss the van situation. My car is at 252K so it's definitely out.
Long way to go I hear. Will be interesting if 2016 needs are accounted for in 2014 opening. Good to hear from you, Jon!
So we lost today, and I cried, cuz it was all my fault
Really??? I love your voicerface when you speed it up.....
A lucky bounce beats the defending champs wow
nice bike! I've never tried a folding one. Maybe i'll go to and give one a try. as i have a #compactcar &
The #Force is strong with you. You'll find the will to get the last ticket.
yay! well tell us when you are in our cities!
more Google stats: 30% of searches coming from iGoogle pages, implying logged in users
Would like to suggest www.Maps4Kids.com as a resource for the NYPL.
Just saw a transcendent #TinyDeskConcert w/ It's like there's no sound he can't coax out of that incredible violin.
M the scent on the la'I skirts of Palau Keali'I o na lani is so nice
don't be disloyal o_O, got my season tix renewal today. Can't wait till next year.
drop it to the floo i love the way your booty go
yea I def would rock something for u fam, dm ur number
we will grab table, 833 N Jefferson, at Wells & Jeff, East Town.
I'll buy you a beer sometime and we can hash it out
Did someone say our name?
It's good, I got lucky tweet from is always sweet to everyone. What about you? :)
thts a nice lineup<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
i didnt say you had to be gay....
So glad to hear that rocked Cannes last night! Congratulations !
Follow me back! is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos!:*
so full!
Scarface is my favorite movie <333
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 4CHAN CELEBRATE WITH TROLL FACE EVERWARE
There are street closings for the weekend for Liberty Mutual around Berkeley/Stuart St.
have u voted yet?
Rolling to the studio for VO records. This is going to be a great day.
Bollier and Eggers Named Scholar-Athletes
how i miss your voice my old friend :$ what a funny call, we just were remembering our primary moments. they were the best <3 ANAISA
yep, I'm here, was hoping to talk to you today, don't think i can make tomorrow unfortunately. Got lunch plans?
Need someone to braid my hair asap you live in this madusonville area hmu!!!!
Seen tonight:"Nevando Voy" from Spain about 4 factory workers; and "Amor en Fin" in the days leading up to the 2006 MX prez election.
Something is making crazy noises outside my window... I'm so scared
I'm a few hours in but I predict that your day will move fast and be spectacular.
and my heart cries. He was the most unique voice on television. We all loved him. He will be missed
While They were saying among themselves It cannot be done, it was done! -Helen Keller
I got what you need right here...
just tweeting and about to head to bed.
It is one of those days...
K i followed back ; )
on panel at #SMCSea " the consumer has a megaphone today" shades of
RT“ I lowkey miss my ex”
Looking forward to the Ron Paul Debate tonight!
Haha! That is hilarious!
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Keep Calm & Carry On Despite Google SSL Search Term Encryption
is the only change that location is on by default?
Wisdom teeth out today. Boo.
Go follow my best friend ! <3 thank youu
I think its time for a west view rager?
if you lookin for good professional picture done, holla at
3 Days Left to Enter the #FreeArtGiveaway!
Thanks! We'll definitely check it out.
Today's Sandwich: Turkey & provolone on a French baguette with lettuce, tomato, bacon & ranch dressing...served w/ cup of soup...$6.95
haha oh yeah I've been keeping my pregnancy a secret ;) shhhhh
I never saw that movie. I think I tried to watch it once.
Yo! What's up?
aww poor thing
Oreo cheesecake from the cheesecake factory
awesome!! So where do you live now:)
you're beautiful <U+2665>
still eating but so far, my fav in Indy--just met mama herself--she's really nice and told me what to order.
You cannot talk defeat and expect to have victory. Keep smiling.
I would :) i am already buying the basket
You would never guess that one building is a stripper by night. It looked so innocent!
You're welcome. Hope you're having a great one!
If you like a packed bar with European women. Come to Moct now!!
Happy Birthday! :) have a good one
get the funk on... Oh and yes -- I did not forget... she so dumb.
Clue #1: my siblings are in green bay and Milwaukee and sometimes I give them a ring.
Berlusconi must have been a part of TwoFreeGirls in a previous life! Carpe dieum!
Sounds like should be it!
Reading Michael Pollan's Omnivore's Dilemma. Like many before me I will say "It changed the way I eat."
... Han Solo & Mal Reynolds say essentially the same line about their ships. Not for sale. Not now. Not ever.
Wahoo! Yay, I'm glad. Now for recovery time.
“the greatest among you will be your servant”
Alicia Keys Takes Son Egypt to the Park (PHOTOS) Now here is one adorable celebrity kid we don ’t see nearly enough of! Singer Alicia K
"He reversed the parody.." So funny...": "He 'Normal Al'-ed us!" tore it UP on tonight's 30 ROCK!"
Fast company article Facebook. Let's you tag companies in photos
And... my day is complete. The rest is gravy.
Is that the one where he stumbles a bit, off Pettitte? Did you see Harper take one off Hamels?
Awesome news! Look forward to seeing you.
Haha i think so! wait no i just watched the first one!
#ThingsKidsSay "Why Did You Spank Me?" All The While Knowing Exactly Why... Lol
let me know if you head to Macy's. Would like to hear the pipes too.
Thanks for the love
Thank you for hosting Navigating Food Allergies series with Thanks
Get a life boo cuz I got mines get ur on n stop lookn n2 mines
too tired to o cleaning.
thankya much. You are awsome! Hope to seeya soon.
We thank you very much for the mention
oh yeah, I take the "smile and nod" approach...it's worked so far :)
!!! RT NCAA lets Syracuse do drugs, endanger kids and then cheats 4 them.
#bitcheswhowontdateme all 10's and above
What a great festival! Our director had the best time up there. Glad you got it & are abusing it mercilessly. ;)
"I gotta stop bein so awesome!" :D
Omw to make this money something some y'all scared to do bhahaha$$$$ is the object bit my kids is the motive...
y'all did work tonight man!!good luck in game 7
That explains why we're having such a hard time filling our senior web dev position! ; )
We are working with a key client seeking a Java / J2EE Software Developer. Please let me know if you or someone you know would be interest…
In the studio downloading plugin presets for the console computer....yay fun....O_o
The produce speculator has no office, he has no staff, he has no investment. He has his office in his hat and hangs around the market [1943]
It's a David Archuletta kind of day. <U+2764>
Feel for folks on the east coast. #Grizzlies #Clippers is going to end after 2:00am
RT : Thank you, sir. It's also #NAIAS for thos of us staying in Detroit this week.
obviously someone isn't aware slavery ended years ago.. well trained at such a young age lol
is it possible to back up an air to USB drive in lion recovery mode?
On my way! Too atl flight has been delayed for a hour....
Loving it!! Amazing stuff :)
Would someone tell me about the bad blog about me plz on Messages on here and at
Our Scottsdale location currently has Very Berry Sorbet and Strawberry Lemonade Sorbet!
Honored to be in Mattwel Hall's latest stadium update in the U-T, in company with Mel Brooks.
never leaving california
Yeah, just got done listing to it. greatness. the cover alone is worth it, then total jams on it as well.
Happy Mothers Day!!! I hope you're doing well!! :) <3
The MN Senate is august. The MN House is all lust. (g)
You, Andrew, your other son--everybody else--a beautiful family. Thx for posting. We're handicapped too in my fam. So what?
no I'm referring to girls
just realized your off the air already!
The Imaginary Band August 12th at Village Rock in E. Rochester! Classic Rock from Deep Purple, Grand Funk & more! Tribute to Fleetwood Mac!
Tired of bullshit. Very excited to move on with my life startinng tomorrow. I dont need anyones help time for me to grow up and get thisdone
I swear there's 17 people in the field when I hit right now
She doesnt care what my sister does. So she is like a little slave to her,but yet if I just ask to go driving I can't.Lol okay mom. Fuck you
I set my alarm for the Ustream
Got out of bed relatively early. Made healthy salad for lunch. Got my butt on treadmill for 24 minutes. Mind is clear. Intense week ahead!
Careful, its Hurricane Ditka out there.
Fresh fade, new clothes, gym, & making money.
Tyler, on why his grandparents live in Orlando in the winter and not Michigan, "don't they have coats?"
Live music at Varsity Bar tonight! The Austin Steamers at 6:30 and Jace N Lee at 9. $3.50 Bloody Marys, Micheladas & Binger Ales! No cover!
Be a walking billboard 1000s of views everyday - Custom Screen Printing - www.inkscreens.com - 1-800-724-0577
(AWESOME!!! Have a great weekend...
Thanks for the heads up about your hacker. Those emails gave me a jolt.
Lovely meeting/seeing you all! :
its really good. Nice story too. Sttaight forward without any stupid fillers & add-ons. Ull find out wat its about wen u read it :P
"The thing about fucking in a Prius is that you don't have to feel guilty afterwards."
FREE COFFEE AT THE EATERY! Show us a BLACK FRIDAY receipt before noon and get a free coffee!!!
But when I begin grad school, I hope to enfold it in cross-study sociology/anthropology. Will school honor it is ques.
If you can't cut it down to 8-min of material, try just talking faster. ;)
your fader is mexican ?
DIKEMBE! FARUKAMADESH! BOYCE! All of these names are synonymous and will be synonymous with upsets!
ur very welcome =]
This time next week i'll be on the beach in rio....caipirinnahs(sp) anyone?
#nw Yankees vs. Blue Jays <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
#artpolitics sentimentality is politicized because of its depoliticizing effects.
I never worry about action, but only inaction.-Winston Churchill
I would like to thank my co-workers for their patience since I quit smoking. - Love, Penny
Is 'thinking' really just one drawn out argument in my head?
Yes, agility is a very important feature of cloud computing
he posted it
"Let's all fight to keep the Internet weird and free." Al Franken on net neutrality.
Today is the first day I have ever planned to spend my Saturday in the library studying.... All this effort better pay off.
Everybody dies but not everybody lives
love it!! It feels like winter though
lol oh shit. Well, boo on both ur choices.
One of my grandmothers had 3 kids while eluding Nazis & the other had 3 kids, her dad & her father-in-law living under her roof. Much love!
I did read-Chris Hedges-The Implosion Of Capitalism-words ring true>>I believe The End may not be near>BUT, tough times ahead!!
We may need your help building a roof that won't blow off every time we place a place ;-)
Aww thank you. Now that I'm unemployed I have been more busy than when I was working..lol
vacation at last
definitely. will see you tomorrow.
#ThingsHoodratsLove: Patting Their Scalp As Hard As They Can With One Finger!
BTW the sad nipple is the best Twitter handle created since Twitter's launch. They should give you shares when they go IPO
HELP ME GET MORE FOLLOWERS BRA TELL YOUR FRIENDS TO FOLLOW
No insults whatsoever. Just trying to promote the history of the beard! Take care!
Thanks for the updates on Aunt Karen. Let me know if there's anything I can do. Much love.
Check out Professional Homeschool Activities Organizer in Southern Ontario www.BrockingtonActivities.com Flw ”
. just got to the studio and something really epic is about to happen. I highly recommend you tune in to now.
rock out, Tom! Love it!!
Where's the Chipotle flavored ice cream at??
The BIG night is here! will be hosting #miami's best party tonight at for guestlist contact 7862829112
POLLEN: Tree & grass levels still moderate to high. Mold low. Allergy suffering continues.
#DontTalkToMeIf u write subliminal messages on a socail network
ok whats your Facebook?
I want kids , but I don't need them I have NO patience ! <f0><U+009F><U+0095><U+009B><U+274C>
hey i just watched some of your NC state highlights. You can play!! Cant wait to see you in packers uniform.
R.I.P. Dick Clark
#FF who loves to support her fellow authors.
It's you, you, you, kid!
stick with me boys, I got a million of them...
~I missed the today! Back to back to back meetings wouldn't allow me to stand in line today, but next time I'm on it! :(
Whoa whoa whoa. What's cookie butter??
I bet you made her(?) day!
Don't you all L O V E that feeling on Christmas Eve!? Where you can't sleep and you can't wait for your friends + family 2 open ur presents!
He said FUCK YOU TOO! STOCKTON!
Said i was going to bed early. I lied.
Most. Frustrating. Game. Ever.
We need Healthy Hearts for a Healthier Wisconsin
Getting set to record episode 59 of the #podcast. All three hosts are in the saddle. Tweet me with topics NOW!!!
do you have alot of friends and boyfriend in your school?
no just despise it
#NBAPlayOffs next saturday!!!!!
you mad?! Loll
you know what's funny I was laughing at my nephew w/ that laugh before I read the tweet. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> LOL
Almost time for bed gonna grab something to eat first (:
you moved in man?
yes I realize that, but hoping for the best & trying to be positive
Lmbo. Now CJ you couldve gave a real smile
I was thinking Cardenas there. Sveum probably holding Mather as Soriano's replacement after one more AB.
Your the best mahomie #weloveaustinmahone ;D
Fell in pool, saved drink.
hey -- USA TODAY reporter would love to talk with somebody at reddit about lucidending phenomenon.
Ellie Goulding's music is perfection.
I should've known better than to click that link.
NICE! - side to side leg swings!! training hard to OT's?
Good morning twittervverse! Conscoiusness only barely achieved here.. and in fact these words are a bit blurry as I type themm. >.>
We won the People's Pick so yes I guess you could say that!
Perhaps one of the most important but widely unheralded members [
There were some people saying that Sporting KC is a one trick pony after last night. Agree or disagree?
Compose new Tweet...
Mumm lunch sounds familiar. ;)
are you guys going to his performance? ;) When you find him tell him you are chicago robotz and that we got u started!
Just very curious. DO you like it when girls stalk you O_o
welcome to Twitter, Tim. Great game last week. Keep up the good work.
Tonite: Jazz and Beyond w/ Paul Gaspar, Andy Calabrese & Ben Thomas. Great Food and Music 8:00 on the recording stage.
Is it inhumane of parents to keep their kids on a leash? always trips me out when I see that!
sup how you have u been
Sleepy voices <3
Holy ridiculous ending! What an absolute disgrace to filmmaking.
They got me on the outside looking in but I can't see at all with the weight of the world on my shoulders<3 ADTR
One last birthday wish to ! <3 wish her happy birthday if you haven't already! :)
My favorite is the spare tire. And the gold, of course.
The bar is so friggin packed.
i fully expect him to blast Henderson out early though.
Not talking to u for so many hrs feels like a breakup! Gm<U+2600>! #DondeCarajoTuestas <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
great meeting you guys last week, I may be around tonight so say hello if you see me!
We fish through ice.
It's SD Women's Week & today the Museum of Making Music's Women in Jazz concert features 6 female jazz Allison Adams Tucker.
they want to add there 2 sense with it lol
(c) like nothing, no one will ever understand how much it hurts, you feel hopeless, like nothing can save you - rihanna
Chaos, panic & disorder - my work here is done
Glad to know! It's quite a sacrifice, I'm sure. :)
yes we do, but there's currently a waitlist - email your application to .au
Drake concert in 9 hours. <U+2764> iv been waiting for this day! (:
touche. welcome to the Internet.
20 more days until i have been #drugfree for 2 years! #accomplished :)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY SISTER IN LAW HEHEHE <3
EMPHAMOUS B LIVE IN CONCERT FRI. APRIL 27TH AT THE TOC BAR DOWNTOWN HOUSTON LADIES FREE TILL 10:30 COME CHECK ME OUT LIVE!! YEAH!!!!!!!
"you pap finn's boy......blueberry"
true! hahaha u should check out his singing! its so sexy!
and i are at the hunger games
:) stellie totally crashed that photo!
TY for the support! RT Welcome to Twitter! Their first microgranting dinner will be held Sat 1/28 in
umm i like to have you(;
Teen wolf :)
One of my classmates from Ogle wants to model ! That's awesome! S/o to Whitney!
have I told you have FABULOUS it feels to be at SINGERS FORUM in a marvelous studio space?
#AndrewLuck is in the house! Or in the city at least. Welcome to Indy...we definitely lucked out!!
omg hotdogs for dinner
I guess I need to learn about something here. Is there a relatively simple way to correct this within Plesk? Support 1691653...
Hey:) can you please give a shoutout to . I love you Irah
Finally home!!!!!
Round 7: Four states - Arizona, Georgia, Illinois, Texas
Someone on the CH CH ListServ asked "where the chipmunks have gone?" I replied "They are on tour for the summer!" Lets see how that goes.
Janice just want to let you know how very much appreciated your friendship is to me, have a great weekend
meh, just watch Frasier re-runs on Netflix, it
It's on the NCAA because Ryan is functioning within his rights. Universities don't block non-athletes from transferring.
Gonna watch the movie Without A Paddle in class! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> Woo!
So I have purchased space bags for #ala11 paranoid about bed bugs yes; taking chances NO! At least Ill have more space for Galleys!
The guys yelling before every draft pick need to be thrown into a river
Air Delight Hershey's Kisses = meh. They're no Aero Bar. (cc: )
Is this the very first episode of Psych? I don't remember!
CALIXTRO is Michael Calixtro a freelance graphic designer for print and web. www.michaelcalixtro.com
I finally found the word to describe how i feel. Aka uncomfortable.
Walla Rajon Rondo is bossy. Triple double.
“: I'd rather sacrafice my courage in an attempt to prove its worth than be denied the chance to prove its existence at all."
Love is an ideal thing, marriage a real thing; a confusion of the real with the ideal never goes unpunished. -- Goethe
follow back for the bromance that u have for Austin<U+2665>
Glad you liked them as much as I did! And thanks for the RT.
For all the people who thought was going to be reckless and a jerk on #AGT are seeing a different side of him tonight.
At the hospital with my mom and grandma listening to them talk to absolute strangers. !! Lol dominicAns we all seem to know each other !!!!
Watching the rays play the yankees and eating a del friscos bacon cheese burger. Sorry in and out....
Miami Dolphins, Cameron Wake agree to four-year extension
for nkotbsb in london. Their having a webcast tomorrow
Totally! will take care of her
The 30-year was better than 4.72 percent during the same week last year.
Madison's winky faces & hearts >>>>
Awe thankyou girl, right back at cha :) RT : You both are stunning ladies!! xox”
Thank to the cops for slowing traffic on 94 ... Really appreciate you making the drive home from work more dangerous!
and there are two secrets to success: 1) do not tell everything you know and 2)
Hi Anshul, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
RT if you heard at least one of our songs today!<3
Yo Super Domino signing and posing for your fans anywhere before or after your show tomorrow?
Not sure how it played out but there was another thread that said that was a fake AMA just to promote the OP's SEO business.
get me on the boat gurl :) RT “: i owe you a shot next time we go out! <3”
Thanks for the support! I can't wait to make this art this weekend! Pics to follow on my blog :)
Try KC instead. I'm a fan of molasses and brown sugar over mustard and vinegar.
Hi, Jordan! Follow me ?
Apple Education Announcement: Textbook Publishing Partners - McGraw, Pearson and Houghton Mifflin Harcourt.
sometimes I get lonely okay haha you have a bestfriend and my bestfriends live an hour away so I can't see them all the time! :(
can't wait! RT : yay looking forward to dinner with two of my favorite people tonight
It's just an elaborate tax dodge.
Back at Atsides today 11-2:30 stop by yesterday was a great day for our Ocala Debut. Kone is King
no prob boo :)
Happy mothers day too all the wonderful mothers out there, especially mine!!! Love I mom
perfectly straight teeth bore me..is that weird?
Hey will you please follow me please!!
Wow, okay as soon as i walk outside it starts to downpour. Okay, Jesus I c how it is.
A-Z contuines on Gashouse Radio. H through J today. Tune in come by the chatroom.
- what no black Friday specials :-)
Yes, everything happens for a reason. But don`t use that as an excuse as to why you make stupid decisions.
All jokes aside my sister has a mental disorder.
My homework load tonight<<<<<
B to the ents
that's quite alright ;)
Love your new stuff!
I don't deserve either of you.
done done done done done with spring quarter
Have a Huge Wedgie.. HELP ME! E-mail me with any advice on how I can avoid wedgies? or text me 954-608-9103
Now that's funny
it really is honestly & he just wouldnt stop
Last minute plans have me very excited for this weekend!
yea hows everything going over there?
Sign asap please!!!!
Because their parents are 30& 40 somethings who still havn't grown up.
Happy Thanksgiving. May all your turkeys be juicy and your family sedated.
Today's Goal: Get unfortunate songs stuck in people's heads. Next up: Baby from Justin Bieber.
I'm setting out to do something good in the world and to become a better person. So should you
Amazing Tweet ;) RT : Of all the overused words, I think amazing takes the cake. Everything is amazing these days.
happy easter! i am thankful forr...o wait that's thanksgiving! ;)
FINE! Go enjoy your men in drag with all the single ladies.
RT : The pen is mightier than the sword, and considerably easier to write with. #quote Marty Feldman
You are welcome! Thank you in return. Dungeons are great places to work...
hahahaha good question! :-)
Thanks for the #R.T.Tash. I hereby appoint you associate director of marketing. :0)
Todays $5 lunch special is a club sandwich. Come celebrate the weekend!
Ah! Way to rub it in!
Why am I at Starbucks alone.
Just call me Richard, cuz I'm a dick.
Facebook's "happening now" feature will increase the relevancy of the platform. It's a much-needed tool for them.
#Bikur Cholim Dinner- Such an awesome organization!
I have research findings about social gamers that can help devs make more engaging games. Is there an email I can reach you at? Thx
Damn you #AngryBirds !! But...can't...put...you...down!
Nice parametric 4-pole LowPass resonant filter now working within the synth Matrix of the VST instrument. I hear a wet tire.
+1! RT : So excited for #HBPchat tomorrow at 1 about high blood pressure during National Women's Health Week! #NWHW RT pls!
Thought to self, bus edition: I'm on a bus. No, I'm in a bus. I'm both, but I'm more IN a bus than ON a bus.
Grouping together today to slam an internet bully. He has finally gone silent. ZERO TOLERANCE FOR BULLIES AND PREJUDICE!!!
Oh God!!! My nerves!!! Come on
RT : At the #rockies game :)
Airport travelers please stop complaining about #TSA and deal with it like everyone else, you don't have much of a choice.
#LSCON compliance isn't a knowledge problem, it's a behavior problem.
oh damn... Maybe we should blow it up more. Hahaha
Had a wonderful time seeing old friends & making new ones at
40 hours and it's just now Thursday? That's pretty good, I suppose.
Feature Film (Virginity) rehearsals and shooting are going well, and I have a commercial audition and a commercial callback for tmw :)
Nice. I'm in, like 3,658th place.
Talent show rehearsal soon :p
WOAH.. So close to top ten omgg
I need someone to keep me company at a coffee shop. Any takers? First shot's on me!
I love that feeling you get mid final when you're like: "holy crap It's summer now"
I love destination truth I think it would be amazing to have the chance to get to do what you do
Beauty is the sole ambition, the exclusive goal of Taste
We need big games from...
Every great achievement was once considered impossible.
I did! RT : happy st pats! Answer the phone! Lol..LMFAO I gotta go! :)
I hate when someone ruins the end of a movie by saying what happened. -__-
WOW!! Definitely your lucky day, I would love a follow, but would be happy with a response now and then
STOP got that song in my head once! Not. Again. T^T
watching a 'How To' video on youtube for cutting pineapples.Pathetic? maybe just a bit..In my defense, their spikes are quite intimidating.
It's true! Today we had a filmmaker/producer contact us at about donating her time & talent in making our promo video!
I'm pretty sure you all know by now that the steelers will have a new 3rd jersey this year
Happy Inspiration Thursday!
Peru and u :)
About to play soccer, this should be interesting.
Hey loser! <3
Chants of "Sweep!" take over
#boniver shout out to Eau Claire.
Hey please follow back ?
I think you should tweet more
So sleepy
did they really made a tour about the end of the world
Less then 24 hours till Florida and still not packed....
lol if only you knew me back then bro I used to be crip walkin , getting hyphy, krump, even poppin and gliding al that ishh!
Settling seems wrong. Overlooking flaws with the knowledge that no one is perfect is a better approach. 1/2
lol...I agree! They put me into a state of depression afterwards!
fun fact: section break (next page) is what allows you in page numbering to change from i, ii, i to 1, 2, 3 format b/t intro and actual ch
Shoulda listened when they said u didnt make me shine
When your best friend makes the trip to walmart for the awkward condom buy...hahaha
Paul Heymans 2 minutes were way better than allevery promo lesnar did!
Including the Govenor.
Do not pray for task equal to your powers, pray for powers equal to your task.
67 days till #Eagles training camp!!!!
Instagram Expected to Get $500 Million Valuation After New Funding Round
The best press releases have a bold, clever headline as you might expect to see on the front page of a paper. Come up with a “grabber.”
See everyone later going out with Frankie and Nicky ....Happy Monday.
Thanks for the #FF Molly ;-)
Back to blogging about men. More soon... www.nobodywritesitbetter.com
it's always the $100+ store regardless of the list. Too cool to resist.
I could get used to going to work 8AM-4PM everyday. Except Monday. That is just torture.
S/O To My New Followers Appreciate The Follow :)
Michael Jackson was a BOSS! He kicked ass first & asked for names later...funny thing is...he didn't believe in violence lol
going to try & turn off my various devices this afternoon & take a little post-primary break, hope everyone has a good afternoon
u never replied back.
whoa there.
Q:Where does your O2 come from? A:My oxygen is imported from the summit of Kilimanjaro and kept in a flask under my gills.
Just saw Giada at the Little Italy Sicilian festival. She is so beautiful!
There was never a genius without a tincture of madness. ~Aristotle
“: ole HONGRY ASS”i know. im just need to go to bed
I hate word search puzzles.
Fun concert filming with Ami Saraiya.
. thanks so much for coming to for Dolly West's Kitchen last night!
My son is riding his balance bike in the house today - winter in Wisconsin is getting old.
I'm going to make a movie about street racing cats called "The Fast and The Curious" and make a stupid amount of money.
Q. Why do men pay more for car insurance? A. Women don't get blow jobs while they're driving
Going to Football practice
Follow me for free!!!!!
I'm glad I woke up today without a voice. Saves me from losing it now.
Happy birthday Alli
Even on his best days, Phil, Our Hero reminds us that we can't be perfect.
So tired of people screwing with me
About to captain D it up!!! Woot woot!!!
#Ill do anythin to keep the Around me happy:))
taylor swift and selena gomez - definitely do not have moves like jagger
&&&&&&&& im about to blaze this swishaaa
I love my science class. We were screaming so loud today cuz we got homework.. lmfao everyone heard us. #OnlyUs. <3
Between the Pirates and Batman and Britney Spears, traffic downtown today was darn near at a standstill. Oops, she did it again...
Filming today at UCF with the cast of
This is why I don't watch basketball I get so pissed !! lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
"Archie is not fucking Mr. Wetherby. Read between the lines bitch!"
Life is a song... Love is the music.
Looking at layout of first round,it's possible Tannehill COULD drop. Only landing spots after #Browns would be
Happy New Year, dear friends! How were your holidays? What did you do?
Life is the sum of all your choices. ~Albert Camus
No current athlete has a higher approval rating than RG3. Everybody loves him.
“: If pain is the prison, then love must be the key to a free & happy life without confinement.”
right! i'm just wondering what his voice is gonna end up like after hormones and shit
i saw you at the cafe i waved and then never saw you again
What?? Greyson from WI eliminated from #topchef... That was dumb.
thinking of you :(
I've never been and am super jealous. You need to connect with my She's my cool big sis.
I've always admired your promptness!
Just hosted a funny show w/ Armen Karaoghlanian on Stay tuned for video tomorrow!
gel electrophoresis equals
lol i don't discriminate
Has everyone on BB Wives moved to NY??
Really struggling this morning no time to workout I want 50 pounds off by Christmas things have to change fast.
Forgot bout POWELL'S BOOKS!!!!!!!!
Happy New Year(:
totally thought I did...oh my iPod thumbs. :)
Where the Wild Things Are: According to #CVPD: running around CV between 8:30 & 1:30 on school days! Ridiculous #curfews!
Drugs are bad. RT al gore was a head of his time .i miss him rest in peace buddy hug for u
Fuck! I have nothing 2 do y am I still in indy!
So exhausted after all the prep work for #thatcamptx, but all is ready! :)
great show last night at the Mutiny, specail love to for turning in a fantastic performance
LMAO thanks :) so funny
Thanks! Im not singing though. But I'll need the luck lol RT : good luck buddy!
Can't help but join the Mania! Go Broncos!
I'm so upset right now
Bears get Brandon Marshall for two 3rd rounders. Seems like a good deal for CHI, no?
My obsession with office supplies must stop. If you happen to see me in an Office Depot, please ask me to leave
Night o:)
I'm curious about your program. I teach JS, Java, Obj.-C, HTML at Madison College in Madison, WI. I also have geek daughters.
I love to listen to the rain and watch the drops pound on the illuminated pool.
Twas a pleasure sharing a ThreeTweet. A shame you couldn't type fast enough to rep Gaf again.
Talk about what's real....that real shit
but you will throw them right back..and with better aim!
Im awesome! xD
I gave up on studying... I can't do this.
Getting paid to go to another pacer game tonight would be cool lol
what's with this drama tonight? :(
I think routes 2 & 3 from the map app on the iPhone were made for serial killers.
Need Money?
"Gingrich raised $13M, Colbert $824K " America does give two shits about either - THE PEOPLE want Stand up to you master
The youngest child (greta?) in Sound of Music looks like a little mini version of
“: Goodmorning stoners <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>”. Right back at you (~);}
Way 2 Serious will b on the streetz today
Kristin Kollath, director of business services at Greenfield School District, has begun her tough task to explain the budget to the audience
will feature a different female scientist every day.
DRUNK ON MONDAY NIGHT? Okay!!
really?-_- damn i got 2 much goin on in my life right now smh
Hey when can we put videos in app listings? Chop chop!
2012 is a very intense year
Fresh cut and a new rental...
wuz good for the weekend my nigga?
...happen if Obama and Carter ever duked it out.
That is the greatest thing i have ever heard!
That shit nasty.
Sounds like a good read.
Good Cause Today Is Ganna B A Great Day . No Cry Babies Allowed .
I need to get back in the sun. Hash tag: if you can't tone it, tan it.
Lotus Flower
it's all good
Love him to death<3 He's everything I've wanted :)
My sis-in-law is doing great work 4 , focused on childrens' physical and mental health. Worth a follow.
what what?? My bestie just agreed to run a half marathon with me!!
Cardio & abs #getit then some posing & tilapia for good measure
heh...yeah...Led should have been booed off too...was their "we're too strung out to care" tour
can't get over , who has a compass as a tie clip along with his classy vest. I aspire to dress as cool as mistah alex.
ever finish a workout and hours later you feel like you want to do more
Shit That Last Tweet Was Supposed To Say
I need to start writing logging code WHILE I write code, not weeks later. So tedious.
#ItMakesMeSmileWhen I watch my dogs sleep.
that's good we don't have to go outside 2nd period
Haha Thanks :) Ur never to late to tell me Happy Birthday
Lmfao... Okayy. Study, study for your permit! Haha my dads funny... That's all he be talkin about.
I learned today it's actually spoken as A-sauce. Thanks :)
For him, adopting online tools that would integrate with Salesforce
looking out the back deck 3" inches of snow on the deck rail. Pike County schools on a 2 hour delay...our first of the year
I should probably get ready.. last astronomy lab of the semester. dawwwwwww. gonna miss my buddies.
The truly free and enlightened individual doesn<U+FFFD>t require or seek approval in order to be be themselves
Is there any way to change my username on touch arcade forums without starting a new account and losing all of my history?
Every person is self-made, but only the successful are willing to admit it.
Ole' ! Craving great Mexican food? Go to Huapanago's Mexican Cuisine in San Diego- 20% off with Diversity Platinum Card! Restrictions apply
I need a good ass massage
i love #coldplay they is the bomb.
can you please follow me I know what acting school you went to because I go there
Congratulations for your win last night!
We all see things differently.
When people think they're attractive, but they're really not <<
Listen to the damn old man. He knows his shit.
yes and i must add a beating .. maybe her parents aint hit her hard enough . let my daughter act like that pshhh
just so we can make sweet love.
Posting this makes you an open minded scientist. We must always challenge our beliefs to get to the truth.
The secret to financial success is to spend what you have after you have #saved, rather than save what is left after you have
dm me... i cant dm u
nice try Bucky-- let's hope the Packers have better luck tomorrow!
thank YOU!
u have over 80 millions haters in Turkey ,all media talks so bad about you.
how's that??
The invention of lying is trending. I don't know who invented it but I know a real pro.
Fat girl... LoL... Luv u... Btw: i had hot dog and pizza from costco for lunch. Baby happy, I'm bloated.
I fucking hate you guys let's see what happens next time u wanna borrow something or if you'll get your shit back!
wish you the best fitz. Ur a beast
Just bought 's 5 Big macs and 5 fries for $13!
Me too, She is Brilliant.
Finding things out about the music schedule for next year and for my friends that are coming here next year :D
Thank you! Very glad you enjoyed it.
you know what I'm talking about right
Time is f#%king with me right now.
Acting on a good idea is better than just having a good idea
If this was drug case, everything may well be answered rationally: Z-man was Negligent, aggressor w/o probable cause if no drugs found?
If I remember correctly, lower court held no evidence actual confusion; no prospect of dilution. I remember wondering why...
when are you ever going to follow me ? (;
twilight is gay straight up gay
Step 1 start taking the bus. Step 2 bring knitting along for the ride
Ready for this week to be over and its only Tuesday!
Why not allow govt grants to appropriate small businesses, when they create the vast majority of new jobs? It's an outdated restriction..
yo engineer cold as hell whoever it is can mix their ass of!!!
Watching and the
Tears Tears tears Please Please my love follow me love you
Do Power Balance bands REALLY work? Like what is the point of them..?
we already did! well not envy on the coast... but the others! where were you? hahah
Action expresses priorities. -Mahatma Ghandi
I actually miss tweeting blink182 things...sigh.
overdone, no longer a novelty
thanks. Do u need my last name?
what!!! That's crazy and Ik it's not true Angelica already told me haha good thing you guys are still alive!!
Stuffed from Turkey Day!
GOD I love Star Trek TNG.
Goodbye Grossman hello K.Cousins
When everyone treats you better because you're sick>
Braun news is a real punch in the gut.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool the hell is that when's lunch how long until 6th hour omg shut up no one cares seriously? Class work during FCAT? FOOD
If Eskimos had 400 words for "snow," do Germans have 400 words for "poop"?
Want to makes some extra cash $$$ ? sign up with #NYFG ...
I'm actually seeing him in San Diego on May 6th. I'll be back in Cali for the whole summer!
Been there, done that. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>RT you could have went hung over.
Out for the weekend dont know where me and my girl will end up? Whats going on sat wht hot club? ??????
There ya go! :p
Good morning fans! What's your motivation today?
Will either or play "Mother, Mother" tomorrow?
RT : What's better than winning awards? Clients winning awards. 2 clients winning this week!
“: If you can't treat me like a princess, then I don't want to be your fucking princess.”
#20ThingsAboutMe: I get annoyed super easy
Examples of inchoate offenses include conspiracies and attempts. "Inc"hoate="inc"omplete
Pop quiz! Monitor progress and course effectiveness with short, interactive quizzes throughout the course.
your playing?!
We have added more funny t-shirts.....checkout Page 5 Tees! Http://www.spotlighttees.com Stand out of the crowd and step into the Spotlight!
well what?
At least is not an SOS!
yes! The best!
U good fam?
got one, love it!
U2 but you have to tag me in that pic lol
finally home again. done with travel for 2011. looking forward to great 2012.
Trapeze Philly: Polka Dots & Pearls. If all you can find is a Polka Dot outfit Im sure someone will be willing to give u a pearl necklace ;)
Too Hot to be outside
OH! ALEX SMITH! Pay me my money... In CASH!
#Teamfollowback follow and
btw, i fucking love your icon & background. perfect <3
In my neighborhood there are garbage cans by each bldg, so I don't get those who carry their #dog's crap bag like it's a souvenir.
Exactly, and with a good map or diagram of how the call numbers follow shelves, you can find things.
Too little contribution or too much contribution are both harmful to a balanced life.
I got u bay
Mobile first makes sense for sites and apps that are viewed, well mobile first.
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
Cleaning house is exercise.
Follow Us at the original Account !!!6
Damm dare is a storm coming
I hate that I missed #MemphisInMay this year w/ my crew! Landing a good J-O-B is a good reason to miss tho. Hope ur doin well!
no :( I just want to cry! I can't even see the show a last time :'(
look at you. Nice. Let me see.
Gary Lee in to pitch for the Wild Things now. Down 6-3 in the top of the 4th
Washington Redskins 17 St. Louis Rams 9 5:45 in 4th #redskins #rams #nfl (Via )
yes..omfg..but now 1D knows I exist...
heck yeah
DC should read Michele Alexander "the new Jim crow".
eating cough drops like it's nobody's business today. yikes.
have fun! Wish I could go see Muse right about now =[
Thanks for tweeting about #BookPeopleUnite. Much appreciated!
Even if im not famous. I WILL be a millionaire. dont dick eat when the money coming in
Great day at the Georgia #fhexpo --- learned a lot!
Confucius say, writer with hand on keyboard lead to invented characters. Conversely, hand up ass lead to lonely life.
Yup—I think they have hold a similar *cultural* place for vegetarians an carnivores.
i admit i give dat guy a hard time...
Inspiration is for amateurs. Professionals show up and do the work.
first time here this place kicks ass!
RT RT Most of northern Mali has fallen to rebels. Gao and Kidal captured; Timbuktu surrounded
Buffalo Chicken Dip and The Social Network :) man, I love summer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
ah do u feel awkward cuz I do
is getting a ton of reps from creditable people. They seem correct.
Broncos 1st round draft is making me sick
ROBIN help UNITY make wishes come true! come see us and share in OUR passion! Bless you and have a smile day! john
Our rates are guaranteed! No hidden charges! Call us for ALL your Courier Service needs! 877-527-5737
still think they miss the potential for partnerships with patients. (it's tweeting here... of course.)
It's Gameday!!!! Go Pack Go!!
Ok, think I fixed it. Thanks for the heads up.
just walking in now
Can you even get drunk anymore? Its like drinking a vitamin to you.
I want got suggested George Lopez, still not sure where that one came from!
Jealous! RT Drinks on us! RT Drinks on tonight w/ Justin in charge & beats by
Update, pray my grandfather HAS a peaceful passing. I messed up my tenses there, the end is drawing close.
#onsocial Hurray! No acronym rule.
Follow for a #shoutout from meh!! (tweet me "DOGIE!" when ur done) <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Outrage!!! Restaurants aren't allowed to serve alcohol until 6:00 a.m. What kind of backwater city is this?
thanks a million to you and your team for the video. It really came out amazing! Cannot thank you enough :)
Of course. I'm on time, but the metro has chosen not to be.
I will retweet the people who are saying something to me, not speaking through me. Speak for yourself.
I miss American Horror Story so much.
unrelated to your (sigh), will I see you at Marissa's party?!
Big bucks, no whammys!
I know you ran out of characters, so how about a NY Giants endorsement on your next tweet?
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 66
AEJKEKGNAKJGA OMG! THAT'S SO EXCITING!
I'm the emcee for tomorrow morning's plenary, so I can announce it then--for the record.
Guess what? Today is another shorts day.
It's really a nice morning to be on the bricks. It's part of the reason why I love this job! #KGWSunrise!
oh fun and bored
Heyy it would be great if you can create an android app of The 7 Line.
thank you so much :)
the chick was released bcuz Kim didnt press charges. Dude should've been picked up ASAP! Now they can't find him... Smdh
TV commercial primetime from USPS saying keep the paper don't go paperless/digital....little late don't ya think, sounds like Kodak
no u already have tht and what school I go to? MCARTHUR
why yes, you just don't make the slime in the first place.
Ha, dashboard showing 's twitter feed for monitoring and archiving. You're a star!
hey whats wrong jack? get back and hope everything is fine!
It gets harder once you're used to 140 characters
The other guess is which VP would best help Romney lose
I have never seen a recruitment ad on Daily Kos...I am outside the demographic for those ads.
Loving Myrtle Beach !!!!!!! Got a tan !
Watching Total Recall a never gets old!.
enjoyed the GOp debate tonight. More fun than one should ever have.
I hope she breaks your heart like you broke mine.
Making spaghetti with meat sauce at this morning. Happy we have fresh bell peppers donated by farmers to add to the sauce.
This Sunday @ 4:00 PM tenor Emiliano Preciado, performs at Pan Pacific amphitheater, part of our Yom Hashoah: Day of Commemoration event.
I care twice as less, but have twice the fun
i know!
cannot wait to see perform on IDOL!!
Number 233, too fucking good. Another chip, another record!
ALL THE DAMN TIME
where is your ?
Amen! Choose Happy! Life is way more fun :) Blessings and Love!
Thanks for all of the contests this season, and no matter what happens with #18, we will be shouting for the shoe next season.
well you just did. (; xo
Anyone need to rent-a-date for the #VMAs tomorrow??
and a sandwich! : How to please a man - Show up naked. Bring beer.<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>”
Thanks for following us! We're looking forward to the launch of your website!
Julian Fellowes' Titanic Hits Blu-Ray Soon After Miniseries Airs On ABC On April 24, Entertainment One is bringing Titanic to Blu-Ray and
Sometimes I think it would be easier to say what I have to say without having .coms and blogs and just spend all my time on Twitter...
Like my dear friend Mr. Ice Cube says, "Today was a Good Day!" Now it's time to get to work.
hey its me mary aka iamsporty657. i love your videos and please follow me back. =)
You'll win tomorrow also.
What did nathan do? o_O
Was a great night
Great mothers build bridges instead of walls. -Reed Markham #quote // Happy Mother's Day! :-D
Thanks for the follow! Following you back on a very good #FF!
why is it that whenever i go out looking bad, all the hot people are in the same place as me?
what u trying to do this week
Psyched to be part of a great CLE tomorrow, I'm presenting ten common questions on consumer debt collection. I'll answer some of them too.
I don't care how old I am. I will always love spaghettiO's
knowing the past gives you the solid foundation to build your future on?
[Campus Bulletin] Have a great Thanksgiving break, students! (right after your presentation, three papers, and two exams are done tomorrow)
#3wordsforyou not even beat
score! That ought to be a fun night.
Ron Artest should be very grateful Goodell isn't commissioner of the NBA. He takes concussions and brutality much more seriously than Stern.
Yay for office marathons!!!
About ready to open #zipline and folks are chanting and cheering! Can't get enough of it!
LMAO why is u such a genius?
If you were going to a wedding reception at the Memorial Union in Madison and needed a hotel, where would you stay?
RT : At , hilarious! RT : Me and this dude are dying! Hahaha.
Just went to for the first time in YEARS. Is it just me, or is the chow mein made with ramen noodles?
I think it should be required watching for all.
Looking forward to #Geekingout reading the new #JobsAct. Will post some thoughts over the week...
We met some hot hot men. Don't deny it.
I swear Justin Bieber looks like a young Janet Reno or Church Lady.
bout to go to bed #wakemeup when something good happens. lol.
to speak (with a British accent!) about integrating #socialmedia and #seo. hoping for a good session.
Dope RT : My wife was there for me when I was broke & homeless.She took me in and believed in me..I will repay her with the WORLD
I could lay in bed all day 2day !!
RT Taylor Gang or deepthroat a cactus.
There's a whole lot of Sh-Eye-T going on here tonight!
Seriously??? All the tlk abt the keys, if she won't give them back then change the locks! Do ppl really act like this???
yeahh, i'm gonna get a skype, but thats cause my mom wants me to. Haha, but yeah I mostly use tinychat. :P
Watching thing about swimming makes me wish I still did swimming
We have been telling the whole story of the other side of the story which has rarely been heard before. Pls don't assume you've heard it B4.
lmao I think you should visit me this summer... Ive already drove down there a hundred times!
unfortunately, does not have abs. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Mega Millions crazyness Sold already $500+. It's predicted tonights draw jackpot at over $700 Million.
Officially booked my ticket to Salt Lake City for Collegiate DECA Nationals competition!!
#Washington! Even though said AZ and she is cute.
sounds like a plan!
Massage and facial this morning - can't wait!
good to hang over the last 2 days. Excited about the future of Sugar and doing what I can to help you grow.
Heat look insane... Who is going to beat them?
I CANNOT BELIEVE Lebron is not guarding Melo. WTF is wrong with you Spo?
Can he be back and playing at a Chase Utley type level?
hey boo! Wats new
Awesome event last night AUDI presents:PROJECT ETHOS For LA Fashion Week!
Bid your way to your dream surgery with the online #auction coming to Lexington Plastic Surgeons
can we get married? PLEASE
like...woke up for the day at 6pm?
Won Most Promising Songwriter, Future Star Vocalist, Album of the Year, and Music Video of the Year!!! Great year for NACMAI!!
@ a casting for 'Humana'. Let's book some work in 2011!!!
Nice to see all the new bike lanes in San Francisco !!
Girls, the "hand on hip to make arm look skinnier" pose is out!!
$5 Box Lunch is OFFICE FAVORITE! Call it in and pick it up at 303-623-0525!
clarification: we still won't read pippa middleton's book, but we will attend any party she throws. pippa, hit us up girl.
Lol. You'd be amazed at how many black people I know ain't seen that movie... lol
Dude, put the team on your back.
I hope you're having fun in Nashville! Loved working with you!
Fun movie but Lucy is WAY cuter than her dog :-)
But you are the pearl on every bus everywhere. Y'see what I'm sayin'?
Cruisin' toward the finish line! New site launch in the next couple of days....
So great getting development (and life!) advice from Can't wait for our Central Park date next week. :)
During urban driving, most of a PHEV's power comes from stored electricity. Possible alternative fuel for cars.
I wish we never had that argument I take it all back just to have him again <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Unless you have a definite, precise, clearly set goals, you are not going to realize the maximum potential that lies within you.
No matter what you do or where you go, the #BBN will always support you! Wish you the best bc you definitely deserve it!
Woohoo, Birds pick up a win against the Evil Empire!
": Dolphin males have been known to gang rape and keep females as sex slaves." Dolphins are the shit Hahaha
We are in 's capable hands.... she won't steer us wrong! But thank you for the suggestion.
AAAHHH tweeted me . todays a good day(: thank you <21
Ironic that the #21stME session on social media is in the room with no wi-fi!
Attn, #moviebuffs: 's "DINER, An Oral History" is such a great read.
I'm a master at not getting dress coded<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Wait, hold up. Did I really just say YOLO?
I love the sound of the rain on the roof of the car after a "super" day....
The only thing that ever sat its way to success was a hen. -Sarah Brown
Services can be seen as builders (foundational work) & drivers (lead to results). Know what clients need, set expectations.
And The Plot Thickens! Daddy Z telling them what legal terms to use !
I missed it all.....what is going on???
Jewelry wish list?? Men, ladies tell me what you wish was out there.
I didn't make the rules but I intend to break them.
I am out of class early.
Chester CT Landscaping Firm – Employ The Top Landscaping Firm ...
#BaltimoreDGS unveils large1mw #solar install Back River Wastewater Treatment Plant tomorrow 4/21. Check your local news for details
Determined to break out of sheltering-in-place inertia from the weekend. Have not been out since Friday. Have forgotten how to dress self.
Thanks for the kind words, I appreciate it. Good luck on your project :-)
Preparing to bone a chicken. May have mercy.
We've decided you're just as wise in French, but you have your sister's accent.
imma send a kidnapper in the mail and have him bring you to me... *le evil plan*
Jackson Aldridge with the turnover. Very quick, has potential, but he has to clean it up. Too many turnovers so far this year.
yeah I know same here I want to go back, we should have a reunion or something
Goodnight plz follow <U+E056> love u so much and i hope ur having an amazing time in florida <U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328><U+E328>
Elk what is hanging down her leg....wanka?
I think she's played live w/ them, so I don't see why it wouldn't be.
3rd because he kept the puck on his stick a lot and got a lot of passes. Missing him depends on where his cap Space is used
So i love my tattoo. :)
does everybody love sunshine
Knock Knock
pictures from last week's edition of The Social are on our Facebook page www.facebook.com/devlonparis - be sure to Like Us
MT : You heard right! 26 employers, 17 are alumni! RT : Heard some rumors that the #KogodNetwork2012 is going to be huge.
The printing industry promotes forests, not destroys them. www.chooseprint.org
come to milwaukee
You are too sweet for checking in. My mind has decided its time to feel better, the rest of me hasn't caught up just yet. It will.
Just a look far beyond what we see / A hello – we’ve neglected to say / Just a boat as a dot in the sea / Just no us. No you. No me.
What kind of name is marie???
a man im tryna get me a bracelet get at me asap
follow and get followed
Hey #AGT stop with the crowd commentary I dont give a shit what they think
Hey everybody :)
coworker has busted lip & a limp 2day aftr a fall last night. came 2 work bcuz she took off ystrday & fri sick & is afraid of being fired.
Eating fiber-rich meals will help you feel full and eat less. Get your fill (12 grams!) with a Beef Tostado Salad
so jus sitback we b all ova niggas Neva know where we at so u kno we gon c em wen we out it's nthn bay
2 of my brothers live in SFO; they'll show you where the Packers bars are so you can hook up with other transplanted cheeseheads.
lots of reasons
RT <U+E131> #CONGRATS TO GRAMMY NOMINEES PALS:
this is where i get to tell you to stay tuned... most of your questions will be answered in the film ;)
Absolutely beautiful drive down the hill from Truckee. Trees are holding some of the new fallen snow.
Finishing up presentation about object-based projects to teach information literacy.
thank you so much for the follow!!(:
me too! I love, love, loved him!!
wow , you must have already found a 48 hr one
An #NYRangers win tonight will end the 3-year streak of the #StanleyCup champion playing in the #WinterClassic the year prior. (PIT-CHI-BOS)
Good Morning Everyone..:)
One thing my father taught me is that you keep your friends close, butyour enemies closer
Seriously, even my kid was excited to see Bieber
I just noticed that almost all of the tweets u send me say "Aw" am i really that sweet/nice??? :)
Beware of Facebook spam! A recent campaign is targeting certain users.
?? howd they get married
Taylor: licensing issues more about contract law rather than IP
“: Just bought the maxi dress! Ha! Thanks for your #GJU awesomness!” haha you're welcome!
25 years Celebration Dinner Reverend Charlie’s 25th Ann May 22nd at 4:00 in the Old Wye Church Parish House. or at 410-919-7432.) !
It's disrespectful to the people who believe in ur lazy.
Turmeric is also known to benefit many #stomach issues
sarat further emphasizes that we cannot embrace civility without agreeing on what it might be
ah. Can chocolate not be one of them?:)
you're turning black
Thank you for your kindness.
just hookin u up with more followers
#NickMarasAss your booty is trending :3
Got it!
Developing Great Content is as critical as the ability to deliver it to the right audience.
YES! & YES! like shuttup people ! u wouldnt likee it if they did that to you! leave them alone! they're simply amazing.
*great times
Successful men and women keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don't quit.
are there any twitter trivia games?
AGT in a half hour :)
Writing a new post!
When YOU are learning something new... What steps do you go through??
Please make sure to give Jerry Reese a shout-out in MMQB,
Follow Friday #FF #sxsw movers and shakers
RT : " is now following you on Twitter!" Best news so far today.
at least my ass wouldn't have gone to jail lmao
well you are one slow ass grandma <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Truth is more of a stranger than fiction.
So....pain killers just knocked me out for 5 hours. I've never been on pain killers, is this supposed to happen?
Jason's lyric is one of my all time favorite movies <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
The Goldberg chant is pretty funny.
The objective is to always PUSH the ENVELOPE, stirring things up both in the world and peoples minds or hearts.
now who is the aggressive one ?!
RT Well good, if Alejandro doesn't find love, maybe he can arrange a Meneudo reunion.
What a td run by Tebow
Oh this grappa is calling your name. Hop on a flight to Chicago. --the night is still young.
more homework=teachers not doing their jobs!
all the cool kids are
#Blackparentsquotes -'`Is you out yo Rabbit ass mind.?
Can't hardly wait for tomorrows opening! We are excited that you will be here to help all our students capture the memories
I've never been grounded for that long in my life! It was dreadful. :( btw...
What a great day! Toptional!!!
It's electon day! Don't forget to vote!
Seth Ferris got me into this, then left rum and mixers at my apartment.
Good morning Ms. Twinkle. :)
Not only is the universe stranger than we imagine, it is stranger than we can imagine. Sir Arthur Eddington (1882 - 1944)
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> RT : I can't stop reading but I don't want the book to end.
.RT : Tomorrow morning in New York will be awesome for fans of green vomit.
How can you help spread the word about EdCamp Social Studies? Tell your Social Studies buddies!!!
I HATE thirsty ass bitches!!!!!
RT : Wimpy Kid #5 to be released November 9 (this time, with purple cover)
#WMATA T2 bus on schedule just passed us "not in service" what else is new
yo what's up? I'm working at an agency in Ann Arbor for a bit. This city is ok, not as good as East Lansing though ;) how are U?
I understand. It's tough & painfully hard to deal with.
Beat the heat with SECCA at Thursday's Ice Cream Social. Advance tickets recommended. Go to www.secca.org for details on this yummy program.
From : in times of disruption, experimentation beats planning by a long shot
Got a weather question? Ask it now to either or , I'll be answering questions this afternoon.
Did you know you can get information about nutrition and healthy eating from my site? Go to suzanne.snackhealthy.com
Ah I'm watching the Ellen show and they talked about one direction!!!!!! Ah <3 -G :) xx
They are seriously handing it to Towson right now. Dominant.
Ask : he doubts whether the state of the nation is better off than it was in 2008 under W. Bush.
oh no.. And you're a Ginger so even more shocking ;) know you were missed!
Saturday night House Music by & - for VIP Reservations call or text: 818.602.7979
I'd <3 2 work w/ the best in the game
Denver here we come!
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 22
i love your hair curly :´)
Brb too busy strutting like to care about you ~
we both know what the situation is.
It not too late to come in tonight!! #Salon Full Mens #Barber Shoe Shine $75 #weave #braids #FlatIron Color Specialist EyeBrows 510 832 1100
yes she is!!
God My Eyes Hurt..
Have you done it with Yahoo mail? I thought the problem was on their end not Gmail.
The "Nutter Butter Blizzard" is BACK !!!
#omg got him on my mind :)
There are two kinds of people in this world: victim and conqueror.
Powells Book Store, Portland wow! the largest selection of jazz and music books I've ever seen anywhere!
Hey, that's great. We'll make good use of it. Thanks!
FVCK the HYPE
YEAH WERE TO DAMM AWESOME
Giving away Jimmy Buffett tickets to his show in Indy. Watch this morning to win! Between 9-10 on WISH TV
Ok thanks you have a great day also.
My bellybutten hurts
Nice having around when grad students drop in to ask questions about !
Off to the hospital to give my pitch for library orientation for new residents to program coordinators.
Take me home country roads!! I need a break from this city life!!
slumday millionaire is such a great movie!! really i love it!
Just saw Inception. Long overdue.
You look good, the cucumbers are coming off tonight when I go and visit!
Bret Pill, hurting the future of the franchise with every successful at-bat.
One Thing is on MUSIC CHOICE on Demand!! (: YIPEEEEE!
In case you missed it on our Facebook page, we announced our debut album, "Same Weapons, New War" coming soon! Stay tuned for details!
I'm guessing if you reply to this that you survived SXSW. If so, congratulations! If not, my condolences to your survivors.
I always wonder what I look like from someone else's eyes.
Pray forgiveness.
Angry at Tuesdays? We're ready to tilt at windmills too with R.Strauss. We'll spend the Lion's (or Giant's) Share of 3pm with Don Quixote.
Merry Christmas, everyone. Remember to reach out to friends and neighbors who might not feel the joy of the day.
Good morning everybody.. Coffee is brewing and waiting on that first cup...
mr Pokemon master I choose you for my 1000th tweet!!!
Study just released showed a near normal life expectancy for those compliant w/ meds & therapies
do you have any homework?....no not really....how much do you have?....like 2 hours probably.
Yo preach! You have to put all of urself into it. This is not a job. It's who you are to the core.
I love me some and DIY projects are great sometimes, but other times, just buy it.
It won't be too thick to drink with a straw by then.
I still watch the Broncos, but I'm usually pretty keen on DVRing the game so I skip all those ads.
Dining so far so good
glad u like the stuff. If you would like some free tickets to see us at House Of Blues on September 5th, let us know.
Thanks and same to you!
Ryan Braun is DOMINATING this press conference defending himself. SUCH a stand up guy!
lol i kno what to do
Go by LoveSac Scottsdale, AZ get a Sactioanls demo from David, Jeanne or Carmen and receive a free gift !
one month from today: Tour de France
Don't ask someone for their opinion then get mad when ever they give it to you.
don't hog all the fun XD
wow. my parents left me to go get the christmas tree. i feel unloved. ._.
Tyra Banks Fires Everyone on "America's Top Model" | The Adrienne ...
I sure was about to comment on that RT.
I will paint my face blue and storm the castle
Do you have a quarter?
Wow just realized all games today are 3-1
When someone moves on from hurting your feelings to actually hurting your soul, shit hits the fan.
could definitely see that happening in some european countries RT maybe its more like a civil war kind of
Love Sleep !!
Anyone in NYC/NJ, have an extra ticket to devils/panthers. DM if u want.
lol thanks Jason :)
Do you mean, Hank, that Huff is better at both? Or that Belt is better than Huff at 1B but not LF?
“: Lean over, tap his balls & say, "Oh...sorry, thought I dropped my iPhone."”
Dan Geronimo, name sounds familiar
Happy Friday! For C+S client updates #FF For C+S staff
that b word is very rude tsk tsk..HI MY ZI BUTT!
Yes! The lemon bars were to-die-for. We gobbled up every citrus-y bite :)
Thanks for the RT
Heading out to our very last show of 2011 in Walnut Creek at The Red House! Stoked to be ending this year with what we love to do! We have
Lawrdd they cuttn up on the book!!!
emWave Biofeedback Products by HeartMath - HeartMath is recognized as one of the world’s foremost authorities on emotional...
I MISS YOU </3
It's a fairly quiet afternoon but of COURSE I get two phone calls at the exact same time.
don't lock it tweets cause I want to retweet them I can't
p.s. I haven't forgot that u may have a surprise for our anniversary event.... ;)
i need one now!
no doubt bro
Thanks for the #FF!
I'm on my own time getting to school today muhahaha
wow trying to date my twin now??? #howlowcanyougo<limbovoice:D
Yes. Except for you. You get a juice box.
If I were competing against my allergies on The Hunger Games, I would slaughter them.
Seriously coveting hipster glasses. Should I?
it would be spectacular if i could sleep through the nite just once -_- work 6-3.
Bout to grub on some #Tia's in #Boston with gang.
Now presenting at #codeforoakland: OaklandWhere, a smartphone app that would help Oaklanders connect to services based on location.
worst day ):
Is digging all of the intense choreography in this years VMA's. People are stepping it up. Love it.
They're a machine....But why is the fandom dead?
Morning. Hope you're having a great day.
I'd love to! I have no plans yet! :) we could do lunch, meet in a panel- lemme know what you're up to!
what are the conceptual issues?
is reporting the long Glenwood takeover of the site on 46th and 8th. $76M was the UPB of the mortgage.
funny fucking show. Watch it. Now.
These late night ads.. 350,000 people in wisconsin sit n smoke on it
Fuck i do not feel good :/
Classic Rock 104.5 FM is over here giving away ICE RAYS tickets & signing people up for Megadeth tickets. Moore Plaza, Staples & SPID. CLEAR
dam i fell off the twitter train but im back on
I hate it when I'm showing someone a picture on my phone and they end up looking threw all my pictures <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
New library hours: Wednesdays, 3-6 p.m. Stop by and visit.
What boy uses creamy shea butter?
tranlib: Awesome! RT : Going to propose tech reports start requiring datasets to be provided. Thanks to idea ...
Thanks for the mention
BOSS I SEE YOU MAKIN POWER MOVES !!! DIGG DAT !!!
Honestly, who does Frito-Lay think they're dealing with? I don't think anyone eats a serving size of chips and is satisfied.
LOL, I'm just messin' You better give Flicker what (s)he needs!
BGP took a week off to celebrate moms day! Gorilla's have mothers too damnit!
please follow me i love Dianna
Great quote from my tweep Credibility is a leader's currency
Dammit Dave! Calm the hell down. Fuck.
CONGRATS on your RITA award! So thrilled but not surprised :)
thanks for sharing!
you're going to get suspended from 50 concerts if you don't watch it!
Bleh, I just wanna go fishing.
Last day at the beach.
Mira you're so wise.
Movie night with my girlfriend #love her
How good R U? U Can B! #singingforaliving with
Texas in July is the shit
8ball&mjg tonight where d f#%k u at
derrick+rose+injury
Obama is against the patriot act...didnt hear him complain when he took credit for osama
We're bored to death in Heaven. And all alone in Hell. We only want to be ourselves.
pretty sure I asked you that everyday we lived together RT : RT : Do I need a jacket?
I never followed him. Nothing but a fame leech in my book.
We gone make it happen! Ima write the business plan- we going to get this budget!- Line of Credit! & get money!
I text you (:
MESA, ARIZONA
“: SPOILER ALERT: Santa isn't real.” haha! Nice
i need a blunt
how bout some imagines!!
HAPPY 16TH BIRTHDAY! Hope you have an amazing day(: I love you <3
Masks are put on to please those around us.
- Thanks for the follow, Tiffany. See you on stage with SAYS.
Sweetie! Thank you! “: "Something" by the Beatles. The song.”
"It's a hell of a thing, killing a man. Take away all he's got and all he's ever gonna have"
havent been on this in forever... for a good reason too, ITS POINTLESS!
Agree but then again 3 days rest versus 10 days rest
i agree lol we were just seconds apart on that statement lol
Prob not my fav but most memorable was making me feel small with his talk, gj tho. Don't get mad, get better.
I remember in elementary skool we ate off lime green trays. Them chocolate milks was good as shit
Lol RT : Ladies...goin out in public in your dudes bball shorts/shirt isnt fly. ESP when u dont shower or wear makeup. Drake ...
Looks like a two horse race between us and them Gophers.
is busy....tastings, contracts, emails, just plain ole' keeping organized.
“If Taylor Swift put on black eyeliner & flushed her head in a toilet full of glitter she'd be Ke$ha!”
one step closer to Miami- lets go sailing!!
OMG! I think im in love with my past crush...again...<3
yes so me the pic & I wil size it 4 U
NorthStar Realty Finance Announces First Quarter 2012 Results
I'm back at home now..
lol haha girl omg lol you cracking me up !
Happy Monday my dear. Great to see you yesterday. Hope you get some rest after all your travels! : )
I need one of your Mr Mince Productions hats that you had for the Bash!!
News PGA Tour Confidential: Steve Williams's racial insult, HSBC Champions Our panel debates Steve Williams's racial dig at
Can this Celtics fan from Tennessee get a RT on her 40th birthday? Best Wishes Always!!!
Good morning everyone hope you have a great Tuesday!
Thank you to everyone who came out to Sound Swap last night!
Happy Friday to you!
Go Beat alaska!!
I think its going to storm soon!
I'm right by Lincoln center as of now. I can move though...
I will never get mad at fast food workers. Unless they really deserve it. This is what working fast food has taught me.
Movie recommendation is Ralph Fiennes in "Strange Days"
Heartfelt prayers & speedy recovery go out to Warren Buffett regarding his prostate cancer diagnosis.
Bestfrannn isn't texting back! D:
What is this word, "boss" that you use? I haven't had a real job for so long I've forgotten.
like what?? ELABORATE.
Working hard on a new project.
had to play four innings lol. Sounds good boys. Can't wait!
Road Quote of the Day: "The journey not the arrival matters.” - T.S. Eliot
ugh I don't know
I don't think I've ever disliked you as much as I do right now. I'm just starting my finals.
Seeing Dirty Dancing at There had better be a group cheer at "Nobody puts Baby in the corner," people!
Throwing it
Jamming to drake as I wait 4 my brother
you are now I see thanks for the Follow
What's everyone doing for #CincodeMayo?
You are absolutely welcome!
#WeWontWorkoutIf You don't make me laugh
RT : Today on Rag Radio: The Republican Brain dissected! Guest:author Chris Mooney. 2-3 pm - KOOP, Austin & streamed live...
great day in the mornin he's right! "the album was so good it made me smack my dog and marry my wife"--josh, va.
my real favs are rock & stone cold, im big on the 90s era.
getting #AirJodans ! So happy :)
Last nights Q and A
Re-read YGB last night for the first time in a while. So well wrought. Need to Re-read Colacurico before class.
Let's hope no one has a pacemaker.
Bring it. RT Hey Louisville..in the word of Omar from "The Wire"..."you come at the King...you best not miss"
#ThingsILookFor if any cops are around
to tired to even think...
I will be the Host of Impact TV with Greg Davis on Saturday!
Happy birthday!
#itshardwhen everybody dislike u because u are belieber...
Can someone tell me why I NEVER receive the LS coupon I purchase?
I can already see June is gonna be a busy month
Drinking wine while doing Church History homework. Yes.
You there by yourself? Starting to hallucinate? ;)
o teach is to learn.
I fear being poor 2nd ...homeless....thats ill
": why would I carry stadium blankets?!?!?!" For when your legs get cold, of course!
hahahahhaa i wanna see :o by the way are you coming w allegra and me after school so we go together?
Thanks for your support! Do you have a bracelet yet?
The traffic this weekend is going to freaking insane.
U a jackass like johnny knoxville
#Reading #Hereville, just saw a reference to #Bone . I love visual references. (Incl. music posters on walls in graphic novels) Dork out!
Nook Tablet vs. Kindle Fire - which is more desirable to you?
I'm pretty sure that heaven will be this temperature.
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend that acts retarded!
Put the liquid painting crack down
it was nice seeing you on Friday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
i'll tell you when we meet up tomorro
You should! I took a linguistics class last year and it was fascinating. I learned so much about how we communicate.
MOCHA COOKIE CRUMBLE
Sad Maurice Sendak is gone. 'Where the Wild Things Are' was a favorite as a kid. Looking forward to reading it to my future child someday.
omg omg omg I love you
LOL what flavor did you get? Pomegranate and the orange are probably my faves.
Fantasyfootballmd.com will follow and relay your Weekly Fantasy Football rankings as well as those of other fantasy experts
Moonlight Sonata, conducted by Beethoven always calms the nerves.
Speechless! So who killed the poor child?
Social tagging validates others' tags- builds online community of observation & comparison. Works for art museums- others?
So the #Patriots select Chandler Jones.....never heard of him ....
S/o 2 the real daddy's out here n the mix really gettin it 4 u n urs
shower then sleep
Party time!!! Martha's Vinyard here we come!!! I love this job ... we take more vacations than anybody!!!
no, but we have XBOX 360 w/35 games in every stretch..
Passion is to kiss or to hug and to prove that action speaks louder than words."
We love Barack Obama! We love peace! And we love Celebrity Apprentice! Peace, love, & Business as usual!
I'm fine girl. Just kinda pissed but it's all good
Big ups to the guy with the #Packers visor in the crowd on the #NFL Network post game coverage.
what??? your moving?
God must love stupid people,he made so many!
Wait, Denver has orange! And they drafted Tebow! RT I've followed Broncos. Time to pull 4 Cinci :)
it's chill, you know I fit in, where I get in.. Lol how's thieveland treating ya?
I was bad and had a cheeseburger for lunch. Commence food coma.
thanks David! Hope all is well in Chicago.
Tell Golic it's called the "Notre Dame Victory March" - Know your school!
& hello new friends - lol - i just followed yall
S/o 2 the "rappers"/ "hoodstars" that cant keep track of their house keys
and now there will be 2 ginger quarterbacks in that division hahaha
Real time fishing.
There are 4 tools that help us to see what can't be seen with the naked eye: microscopes, telescopes, statistics and meditation.
I want to see the Mormon Tabernacle Choir perform live. Witness beautiful music being made before my very own eyes, giving glory to God.
So weird to be listening to with and while also seeing the back of their heads on ESPN!
#psu today, let's go are you ready
Common Sense Media will release info re young children's use of media
Anyone in California do Affiliate Program Management? DM us your contact information.
think my tassle needs more time
anytime bro, when's everything go live?
Had an amazing dinner at the Paris Club last night. Maybe I did miss Chicago a bit?
#FOLLOWMEAUSTIN I love you MERRY CHRISTMAS! <33333
Worst day ever
Lawd!!! "Ribbon in the sky" Stevie wonder...all time fav and he revamp for
Oh ! Look who else is talking 80's country. We're such trendsetters! RT Now playing:elvira:the oak ridge boys
a 7th grader pregnant? Holy shiiiiit. Wow. That's fucking crazy. What a whore.
They are getting a real Brazilian.
"We've always done it that way!" Talk about stopping progress.
Thanks for the RT on my posts... Have a great day! -Kevin
Hi Kate, Thanks for following me
You are such a two-faced, conniving, manipulative, little bitch. I can't wait till you fall on your damn face.
I'm home today & I'm lovin it. Bae's off as well, time to catch up on our shows & our baby making skills...lmao
you got this..
ritz 22nd : is this anywhere foggy bottom? my sister was looking for him around her job today...
thank you for the follow
I think Congress should opt out of any COLA increases since those cost jobs. At least they say they do in private sector.
Went through the people following :hive and wow did we luck out on the 900+ followers we have... what a great group! almost to 1000!
he located the red headed woman he had married in philadelphia
According to FCC filings, President is Jim Bahri.
i was waiting for you to retweet it
big game tn wit
time to grove with a new world, a new breath a new change
is chillin' and wants to know what everyone is doin' for Halloween?
I would freak!
We'll have to see. Perfectly willing to believe I got gamed. But we'll see.
#UndoIt by is SO relevant to my situation right now! The song puts my thoughts into words. <3
Don't follow me if your just gonna unfollow later.
Hey Twitter fans, I need a few Buyers Agents that have experience selling BANK - HUD and Short Sales.... Don't forget the EXPERIENCE part!!
I just read that finished High School! Congrats Justin! :D Just 1 more year and i'll be done, too. Exciting stuff!(:
wouldn't be here without all of our backers/preorderers and want to extend our thanks to their family/friends
thank you so much, my dear. xoxoxoxoxox <3
these customers are ignorant...im about to cut a bitch!
We’d all be a lot happier if only we were given the chance to blow our favorite member of 1D.....*sigh*
Wow, pretty cool - I just learned how to text from my phone right to my wall - I'll tweet more deals now - AWESOME lol
Ah dang, the cat likes Cap'n Crunch Peanut Butter Crunch! Knew he liked Gingersnap cookies, didn't think he'd go after a piece of cereal.
yeah, I usually like him too. But you're right. Antagonizing #BBN is how some of them make a living. We're just that powerful!
do you have numbers for the others too?
Doing some homework.
Why what happened Tiff?
Right now I have a negative number of Tweets... it's kind of a shame to mess that up! I guess this one will make zero...
What a weekend, successfull Greg Jennings Golf Outing and ReStore sale! Thanks for the support
Hahaha true! RT Regal beagle. because its the one that serves booze.
Havent been to sleep yet .... i decided to stay up all night last night ! D:
Doomtree: The Hip-Hop Co-Op - NPR
To everyone at Coachella, I'm glad I'm not in 100+ degree weather in a desert with a bunch of sweaty people Not Jealous. Enjoy.
There's a "frozen Semin" joke in there someplace.
We're thrilled to be working with you too!
Check out FL got Skills! Listen to new music! @
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!104
Good point! Anyone care to share? #FortWayne RT : I would like to ask non-voters: "Why are you not voting?"
im gonna #kms in the morning -_-
Do you know what your tattoo ink is made of?
but anyway, I think that's still messed up that it didnt happen.
no. im not into fruit and pastries together. it's gross to me :P so my opinion is stupid
it was so crowded that we left at 10....too many people!
STALL: I-5 southbound ramp to the Morrison Bridge, left lane blocked, expect slowing
hey & others we run Accessibility Camp DC once a year, but we have monthly meetings at MLK library on 3rd Tues each month.
Every time I have plans... Something goes terribly wrong
I think you answered your own question robot. Thanks.
Tweeting from the set on the last day of the shoot. Good morning, friends!
Feel like curling up in a warm blanket and reading a good book! Its so cold..
I've got a feeling like the 07 LSU game. Wish I was going. You're on Twitter. Awesome!
If I get 5+ piercings in my face, brag about smoking weed and pretend I don't give a fuck about anything will I be considered hip and cool?
WSOP Main. Finished w 47K. Plyd well overall. Probably b around Ave stack w 94 BBs. Play again on Tuesday, Day 2B.
Goodnight twitter xo
Calling giants v patriots in the super bowl
i feel like we're having a twitter moment :) xoxo, xolondon
#BBW ignorant immature bored bitchs!!!!!! I've never seen anything like this from ppl over 20 years old...
Good job to whomever invented yoga pants
Ive said it a million times."If your a fan of Atlanta PRO sports, prepare to have ur heart broken.""If it hasn't happened already."
Great (if sweaty) times today at Jim Moran's campaign kick-off in Falls Church.
me to imma try to get all my shit did in a week I gotta wait cause dude still drawin it
There are many types of writing tasks – essays, coursepapers, thesis papers and many others.
it doesn't matter wateva is gud for u
So they painted and cleaned the terrible elevator in my building, and for some reason it smells worse now...
we are set up and grillin sausage and zack has burritos.15 north tejon. we will be setting up at city rocks N parking lot about today at 330
I have a family function Friday night. One day we will meet up.
Nasty people everywhere! Ewwww!
Goose Clooney for me?
Check out some of the star finder apps. Also allrecipes dinner spinner, although that's a bit of a gimmick.
My favorite part of the clipper/Memphis game - Chris Paul to the reporter "that's a nice suit, but Easter passed bro"
#kids Toddler Story Time: Toddler Story Time from Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 10:30 AM to Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 11:30 AM Green Tree...
#thingsgirlswantboystodo Check out www.tomorrowbook.com
“If man has no tea in him, he is incapable of understanding truth and beauty.” - Japanese Proverb
I need to step up my tattoo game on the real :o
How'd it go today? Had protein shake for lunch - then had cheese & crackers at 4 (grading STRESS).Repenting:salad for dinner
Running on like 3 hours of sleep lol
It is definitely not my native habitat!
Hope to see lots of librarians at lib recept tonight! Follow my aka for romance writing conf tweets this wkend.
and myself are much obliged!
Dear lady in although I love animal print, putting cheetah and zebra print together in one outfit is a big no no.
my favorite band!
The pit misses you already!
tea smells so good
It's been a good day (:
I haven't tweeted in a while iv been busy i had school, practice games im glad theres no more volleyball but next basketball yay
Glad we won both games today!
#emac6v81 OL community class: Please check email for updated schedule of Feb 16 and Feb 23. eLearning discussion through Feb 6.
No one wants this game.
When you talk about me it says more about you.
and u such lebrons dick for a living
Great moments in life often come from friends.
I need my paycheck so I can actually have money
You know it! But they act like hundreds of people have died over the years. Our whole bar laughed out loud. Unreal!!
RT : Soyuz launch looking good. I am always amazed and thrilled that we can do such things as put humans in space.
well good evening lovely lady ...
Thanks Jim! We appreciate the support
Good luck.
Bye Matt! Good luck.
...he thought cosmetology was a photography class
Introducing my MIL to Wallace and Gromit - Close Shave and Wrong Trousers. Love Gromit knitting!
Crew retreats to bridge.
hope my tootsie roll joke was ok for air! Thx freaks!
So the Red Sox saw Scotty Pods' .289 OBP in A and thought "we need to get some of that?"
This week is extremely busy (-____-)
right. nothin wrong with his lips and eyes, he's kissing and winking at people in the crowd
All them bitches love me!
Apparently, one accidentally falls and a dick enters their mouth.
what should I get my mom for mothers day?
I need to take a picture of myself for Twitter... I don't wanna just use an old pic but I'm not very photogenic. -.-
Rereading An Inquiry into the Nature and Causes of the Wealth of Nations, by Adam Smith. It's the how-to book for robber barons everywhere.
check us out. Where we've been, where we're going...far into the future.
the first two. Phantasy start 1 & 2. Love the whole series but the first two... My faves!!!
Anybody out there know stuff about vintage typewriters? I have an LC Smith & Corona Silent c. 1938 and I have a question. Anyone? Beuller?
Thanks! x
Only 9 followers away from 1000?! Unreal! Let's hit that landmark!!!!
It takes money to make money!.. invest in yourself!!
The mighty Z will be bringing sexy back starting at 9 tonight. Come hang w/ one of MKE's best bartenders and take him on in some bar dice
Still trying to figure out Twitter!
any colorists want to come play? dm us!
send me sumin let me see wat u got !
nice job getting that done....two days past deadline
Happy new year all! (slightly belated - my laptop has gone in for a new year detox!). May all your dreams & new years res come true.
#bulls win !
You're welcome. I'm trying to get into a productive writing schedule, now that the software project is over.
Great first half for the #Badgers. When they're making shots they can beat anyone. Now, need to keep it up.
Our guests beat the heat with one of our many pools. How will you beat the heat on today (expected to be 113)?
Where will you be heading in Las Vegas this weekend? Pools? Nightclubs? Lounges? Casino?
New videos have been posted of actual stem cell treatments for Tay-Sachs disease and COPD. www.stemcellregenmed.com/testimonials4.htm
we will not go down without a fight! :D
Paying tribute to Thomas
DON'T YOU GET IT PEGGY = DON
I just realized I forgot about Sherlock. Goddammit'
North Korea is just embarrassed their rocket didn't work. I know when I'm embarrassed I threaten the life of millions of South Koreans.
#Iah_Said #PlanetRockMo Has Really Been Out Here On The Grind
Big L #dopest Big Pun dopest. # its a tie
Leather suit!
Good Morning, My tweeter friends it's Thursday again and we are stepping up towards our Media blast April 6th www.rickeyleewatson.com
I am enjoying a plate of Mandy's home made chicken chow mien!
I think we're following a 100 new people today lol wow. need cleaning done? Call 586 663 0054 today!
I love how after awhile of being "friends" with someone you see all the fakeness. Oh well
Need food now
Guess What?
Interesting things happening at with Bruce Murphy joining the team. Can't wait for his first couple stories.
My mom was begging for a fb, now she doesn't want one because she likes to be private haha cute
Earmarks as a whole just need to be eliminated.
Getting excited about PLA!
I'm getting so annoyed by the leering men on the metro! Stop.staring. It's crossing the line when I go to work feeling creeped out & unsafe.
thanks for the #follow! Keep me up-to-date on your #music!
One day at a time
If i told you.. well.. You'd know.. lol
Live every day like it's your last because one day you'll be right
It's 2012... Hard to top 2011
Check out: Fresh+Food+from+Small+Spaces via .
is he the new endorser of penshoppe!?
:D thats what I like to hear
is the best basketball team in the Nation in my opinion.
If he could make my dream come true,just onceI would be a happy girl!I've always dreamed of meeting Jb,and have him follow me!
Feature:southern fried cod sandwich w/roasted poblano tartar sauce,chipotle caramelized onions,lettuce&tomato on a baguette.$9
agreed :) hashtags should be defaulted :) but still... WOOOOHOOOOOOO
“This was not a good start” — line from debut episode sums it up well for this new series.
What a Beautiful day in Miami, I wonder whats going on at the beach right now...
Hahaha, well, that's ONE reason...
Chain Music - Wale.
We already know what happens when you let religion run a country. Theocracy is not something to which a free people should aspire.
kids nowadays make way too much noise
You can tell me. I won't mind.
Yeah. I'm going to be a professor so I can somewhat justify it. Isn't an office full of books a prereq?
Omg did i mention that at prom called me a homo i almost kms but it's ok because his hair looked nice.
Financial Peace Starts next week here! Come for the preview night on Jan. 16, 6:30pm to get a glimpse of the class and purchase your kit
I think its time to be off to find some delicious food since I'm back home.
I wanted funknation to win
oh my goodness you are tweeting from the beyond! Good to know there is wifi!! :)
Excited about having a show to bug you about. Listening to AC|DC, slamming some coffee, shaking my fist at the sky, & burning lampshades.
This is a very good, very opportunistic, defense.
Good today, gone tomorrow! Try our weekend special cocktail, the Sweet 16 Sunrise! Stoli Oranj, Fresh OJ and Cranberry equals awesome!
Crap you're totally right. Thanks for reining on my parade.
HOLA Twitterers! If $500 fell into your lap unexpectedly and you could do anything in the world with it, what would you do?
I'm gonna b at work the next couple days so if u wanna drop it off at my house tht would b cool if not ill come get it tuesday
that's classic!
are you guys on the chat today?
100+ students in Annapolis with Gov. supporting offshore wind.
No manpris? :p
lol. Going on 7+ years where I haven't had to coexist with BS like that. Thanks for reminding where the grass is greener.
Truly amazing that when you catch me staring at you, you see right through me
Congrats!! I'm at a casting right now! About to do the same
Driving to Greene Street Club! Is anyone who was at our show there with coming tonight?
what movie are u watching?
Mayweather beats Cotto... Kind of a disappointment, considering Mayweather is going jail this summer...
I hope we didnt lose the tech n9ne we all loved since angehllic. Lets hope the industry wont corrupt him. 4 EVER FUCK VIACOM
The show reminds us of what's important: supporting those in need, keeping things in perspective, enjoying every moment.
Big game for Downing tonight. Wants a more regular place; finally needs to replicate outstanding & consistent club form internationally
So excited to be at the ICA awaiting remarks from our First Lady Michelle Obama. This place is electric...we are 7th row from her - center.
Basically in a nutshell we can utilize our past learnings to ensure that we can achieve this deliverable from a media perspective.
Well! Happy belated birthday!
I didn't know they made timberland boots in lime green ....
I might even be able to see you from up here, if you were taller. <U+263A>
I think you should retweet this ;) yeah?
we will miss you at the we will schedule a debrief
Thanks to all my Woolly pals for coming out and watching the game tonight.
On NPR this morning I thought I was listening to Marty Funkhouser from Curb Your Enthusiasm but it was actually Illinois Sen. Dick Durbin.
Learing of ancient celtic culture, i have come to realize that you are a fili'd, poet and bard.
My 3,000th tweet is dedicated to the one & only <U+2665> I love you baby. This account is for you :)
Just because Andy Sixx does it doesn't mean you have too.
Just had a caramel frapachino
its my pleasure :) thank you
beyond adorable!
Early morning online coupon shopping to be followed by Target for the Wu collection. Meeting friends at opening! Crazy? Yes!Fun? Absolutely!
I wanna go ham at something just once in my life.
lol dude i cannot wait. i LOVE <3
at school doing nothin...all my work is done for week...
my mum does. Hahaha
it just my heart
Blood Diner = best use of a ventriloquist dummy ever.
The most important thing I learned this year was how to be responsible with my money. School is better with books and food.
I have been gone from twitter for way too long! This is what happens when you lose your job, find another, and spend 3 wks traveling
I'm your new teacher
I always leave my mark...so a b**ch can remember Me by!!!!!!!!
Reviewing some quality Cherokee Challenge applications...
Hittin the club w ! Gonna get rowdy tonight !
A 2011 psych study stated that 6-year-olds have trouble changing their biases when faced with conflicting emotional cues.
I always imagine Flynn Rider from Tangled saying "CAN YOU IMAGINE THE POSSIBILITIES" whenever someone says that... Haha sorry
You sad old lady. I feel sorry for your bastard offspring
so awesome!!! you RULE!!!
Happy Pi Day!
Music cures.
ah one day down 68 to go!! :) I miss you!!
It not gambling when you know you going to win
Yesterday was a good day. It's only Monday, and I'm already looking forward to the weekend.
I know you didn't make up "everting," but are there earlier uses that inspired yours?
pandora is doing the most right now. Never listing to the trey songz station again
It's alive, IT'S ALIVE! Look around the brand new www.ArlingtonLibrary.org & tell us what you think on the feedback link on the homepage.
of course!
My hair always looks good on days we don't have school
looks sharp!
There's nothing a couple margaritas cant fix
Recently noticed that my mother's age is inversely proportional to her ability to edit her spoken thoughts.
Yo yo yo ! The posse has arrived. What's new and fun to do this week while we are in town?
better follow back
Awwhh Thanks(: So Much.
I have no idea...and normally don't understand most of your tweets..you're way too clever for me. But I do know I miss ya! :)
Oh yeah! Forgot about trivia! I should be able to make it this week. :)
Thanks! Good luck on your piece.
Hi sorry Just noticed your mention. What is the url of your current site so I can take a look at that first? Thnks
Like I said, maybe just the 1st domino. I just think this scandal goes deeper and others implicated don't want questions asked.
RT : : "Longer narratives hook people in and humanize the lives of others [in slums etc] around the...
"Are you going fishin' or fishing?!" #KennettProbs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
think i got what i needed :)
Heading to the Detroit Athletic Club to hear the 2012 #DetroitJazzFest lineup announcement!
“: It's possible for a vagina to literally fall out. This is called "pelvic prolapse."” excuse me miss u dropped ur vagina hahaha!
Excited to rock with you guys tonight!
So ur coming to Food Court right??? Riggghhhtt??? RT Damn i want some So bad
Yea i Can't Really Rock With Them As Far As Rela, Both Of My Parents Are & i Def Can't Mess With People That Remind Me Of Them
Laughter is Free.......Laugh till it hurts! Now that's what I call Pain Free. ~ Lisa Morgan
NHL on NBC's "Name that squirt" is the most ill-named tv segment running
I need a bitch that'll pour my drank, make my plate and take the garbage out.
We're closed for lunch today to cater a function! We'll re-open at 3 pm & remain open till 8 pm! Can't wait to see you!
Another RACK opening tomorrow to serve San Diego county in National City Doors open Get there early to join the hype
I don't know who u are
All bets are off. I could definitely see Nolan incorporating elements of DK Returns. I'm excited for the possibilities.
Thanks to all of you for a great time :)
RT : In Baltimore? MT : Glories of Jewish deli -- Friday w/ Knish maven Laura Silver 1 pm
#KevinNa has yips we can all see but he's still striping it. #TigerWoods' yips are between his ears. We can only see their results.
I woke up this morning and cried because I thought I had to go to school.
GYM Time! GYM Time!!
Sitting here helping Gramps write an obituary is pretty humbling. Tell your loved ones how much you care, will ya?
Just be careful that you don't die from alcohol poisoning.
The difference between a mosquito and slut, when you slap a mosquito it stops sucking.
It was a pleasure to meet DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz on Friday. Thanks for stopping by our office
Chicago Taste manager speaks to Newschannel 3 - WWMT The Health Department has told Newschannel 3 that they'll be meeting with Chicago Ta
just because you dropped a Kenny bania quote. I'm on it
SURF REPORT: 4/28/11 Pacific Beach 3-4 ft + waist to shoulder high FAIR CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 62°F
Prep for winter w/ our Sports Basement Shopping Party January 26 for 15% entire purchase. Win $10 gift card on FB today!...
Are you giving the red wings props?!?
hey #packers fans wanna play #fantasy football against #Antonio Freeman Get signed memorabilia too http:www.legendsfantasyleagues.com
We passed the exit. And now we have an hour to go. But we were 5mins away. Smh
arms and legs soon enough!!
#MadeUpFactsAboutAnimals Most snakes are very affectionate and would love to be petted, but don't realize that they intimidate humans.
I look just like the girls next door... if you happen to live next door to an amusement park. - Dolly Parton
Thanks, lady <3
A child develops individuality long before he develops taste. I have seen my kid straggle into the kitchen in the morning with o
One day my belly button feels fine and looks healed and the next it hurts. What's up with this?! I'm over it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Double bouncies allowed? RT : For one UFC they should replace the floor with a bounce mat and have a out of cage rule
MT : It makes me so nervous when people stand near the edge of the subway platform and I have a bad case of The Pushies
Crazy In Love.
Hahahaha! But imagine if it were.
Thanks for following us. Will keep on touch we have a new album coming out soon. Be Blessed
Just had lunch I was starving! (: 2 more period till school end.
No clue!!! He watched film on vhs RT : Does Kenny Smith know that Duke probably had 10 films on Lehigh?
POW...Youve been donkey punched lmao...sorry i had to
My family rolls thick like syrup and milkshakes -- Leland Nelson <U+2708> () whats up with it bra?
Going to Knoxville to get my AI/ISMA Yoga Instructor Certification! Yea! :-)
Thanks for spreading the word!
Chinese was blah! I dnt think i was really even hungry to order that mess. Smh
Scouted on E! Is on now- theme song "Watch Me"!!! Yayyyyy!!!!
Not bad! Just stumbling blocks...and the world could use more cream-filled stumbling blocks LOL
so where we getting crazy you in Belltown?
thank you!!! I thought so, but I was unsure listening to this talk at
I love you, Cam!
Excellent! I look forward to meeting you!
EVERYONE FOLLOW the best guy on CNN He needs us!
HOLY EFF!!! The POLLEN COUNT is WHAT?! 2100?!
good so far a few kinks here and there, but working on it!
Uconn woman basketball is amazing.
Today @ Noon on the Lunch Time Theme Park: We open the Rock & Roll Yearbook for 1968 - Where Simon & Garfunkel do a movie soundtrack and...
Today was the first day of food trucks in downtown #SanAntonio! I hear the truck with the brisket was phenomenal!!
Good one. Or I put the ick in classics.
Okay, now let's get the 2012-13 way too early rankings and prediction out!
Today was a good day. I got to get out with Leah and go visit my grandma at her resting place.
maybe cuz no one can smell it.... ~.^ lol
Q4 When I was in my teens I worked at a charitable grocery for the elderly. Helped me learn how to deal with the public.
I wonder if will see this on his timeline...hi Alex <3
my muscle hurt so bad. Who's tryin to give me a massage
A society that has more justice is a society that needs less charity. ~Ralph Nader
Boyfriend is spending the night and we ain't wakin up till 12 in the afternoon AMEN((:
Family Yoga by Triyoga and City Park Movement and Art from 10-11AM this morning
pretty cool! Thanks for the tip!
In Amarillo for the night. Hello Texas and get ready Dallas cuz I'm here to fuck shit up!
#SometimesIWonder is this the right choice?? Are you the one
nothing better than homemade sweet potato and butternut squash soup on a grey day ? m
This moment in time I'll find the words to say, before you leave me todaay. . .
Don't over stretch and get crushed by a freak event
"A doctor once told Zayn not to lift anything heavy for 2 weeks. he replied with, 'guess i’ll have to pee sitting down then" OMG I NEED AIR
tonight @ the Taxpayers Dinner, governments get awards for good or fleeced for bad! Who do you think will win?
Dear LA Drivers, What happened to the courtesy wave and the use of your turn signals? Look up from your Crackberry every once in a while!
but around your friends you be frontin. putting up a show tho.
Thanks! Should we look forward to seeing you tomorrow?
its heats year this year. you will see
thank you! You made my day/week/life! It was such a treat, its amazing how we can pick up just where we left off. Love u tons!
um, of course!! I can't wait to see you! I'm gonna be there in like.. 2 hours! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
you haven't even given poor Karl a chance yet! M'awww sad noises with trombone for Karl. Weemp womp woooohm.
Or maybe some other time. Good god that's a lot of people.
Caddy, do you think it is a sin to play golf on a Sunday? The way you play, Sir, it's a crime any day of the week.
of course. I work here? Lol
Its always good to have a couple of drinks with your boy while you talk about how great life is..
I'm addicted to my Starbucks app!
~ Thanks SO much Chris!!! God bless my friend :)
yeah?? I heard i smell funny too! Lol
Agreed. People under 30 have never seen IU as a rival. We hate DUKE more and never actually play them.
This man has on a plaid cap, shirt, shorts and plaid boat shoes. Smh only in southside chicago.
u completely detroyed my tights...
Kings Speech.... AMAZING #win!
all speaking at #cnndialogues series about The 'Arab Spring': A Path to Democracy? In Atlanta, GA 2/9/12.
For a law-breaking, rule-manipulating, potentially racist Texan, Rick Perry sure sucks at debates.
SPECIAL PRICES FOR FIU STUDENTS,AND FACULTY! FIU ALUMNI CLASS OF 91, GO PANTHERS!
Rob has rt me & tweeted me twice.. My lifes made.
thanks for the shout out!!
I saw "Think Like A Man" and laughed near tears at moments! I wonder if critics like take a Grump Pill B4 seeing movies. LMAO
No we did not. #thinklikeaman instead.
Over the past several days, we have been debating via bc my proposal to call off the physical occupation of
I'm wondering if I should post these student comments in their entirety. Who is it that does that pretty regularly?
Two coveted front row $100 VIP table tickets just became available for Saturday's Gladiators Cage Fighting in Milwaukee. (414) 967-7767.
m let me guess who said that
We have a new server ready - vpn-mj1 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in Miami, FL. It's available in your customer area now.
yup but it was him and another dude double teaming and cena was hurt had one arm
March 1983 with the North American title vacant tournament was set up for the Dog's Yard in
Rocks have been thrown
Side note #Indy restaurant tip from Nicole: Machu Picchu on 38th St. Peruvian food in Indy! ;)
I admit, when I saw the red 'painted' TOMS wedge on , I thought it was bacon printed.
There's nothing better than a holiday romance
Something interesting is bound to come out of this...
Shout to for following!!
You are! Tell your friends about us! :)
Get ready for those fireworks! Happy 4th of July!!
Boom! had a booking for Footlocker. Heard you gave him a good workout! Thank you Ellis Casting!
OMG YOU DIDN'T 'POST A BLOG' STOP IT ALREADY.
Damn, get yours girl RT “: "I'm still just as horny as I've ever been." --Betty White, on turning 90. #WorkItGirl”
<3 my burn one day-tan the next skin 8)
I wish it worked more for me, usually I just take an ambien and that does the trick hahaa
Who dat said they gonna beat my motha fuckin' Saints!! We goin' to Miami to put Peyton's lights out boi!! Yezzir
you think if I asked for one AB of $ he'd donate to my tuition fund? Lol
The Community Action Org & their after school programs to join our effort on disparities in access to healthy food in Bflo's "food deserts"
i'm black and i dont have a pair of Osiris's lol so what does that make me?
RT : Dorothy Parker was an uncredited screenwriter for "It's a Wonderful Life."
So weird RT : I can't believe that it's almost been a year since we graduated.
Why didn't he get a chance to talk about education?
Great concert tonight by Eileen Ivers & Immigrant Soul tonight in Batavia, Il as part of the series.
hey but I bet you make the most of it, must not be that boring!!
I'm pretty sure I'm inlove with !
We have heard a lot of demand for Jackson Potts II in Texas!
we could always have a new year's lunch!
I never got a tweet from u ..,.,
LeBron James has been named the 2011-2012 NBA's Most Valuable Player. It's his 3rd MVP award in his career.
We're proud to be #Grizz fans, and tomorrow will be an exciting game! Join us for the tip-off party - it starts @ five o' clock-open invite!
Hope the Fakers lose.
at 16th st building ripping apart a pair of pants while waiting for class to start. Lang kids look baffled....
Agreed. "The key to digital storytelling is restraint." --Sabine Dantus, YouMedia Miami
eyem a miami heat fan
Just two bestfrannds all high and junk!
It's called ! I am glad we solved this mystery.
great piece. Well, said,
The DrawSomething word was "lotion." The drawing was a woman and a dog in a hole. Of course I guessed it.
Have mentioned there is a Southeast music competition for high schoolers at my hotel?
medicine has progressed south since then.. Wish insulin was made sooner! :-/
Reading dat..omg
Should I get something to eat after work, or fuck it; Idk
If any of the #Flyers are awake right now, please turn on ch.233 on FIOS and watch the end of Rocky I. Give us something tonight.
that's peak.
I have been tweeting you NONSTOP every friday for the past 1 year:) please make me smile this friday?I have never skipped one!
There might not be anything better than listening to John Williams at work.
But you're a baby, what life have you lived?
Just come on down and the bartender can set you up. One time $20 fee, but then we give you $53 for ever 53 different beers!
maybe one day keep practicing
what time does the game end on sat?
Thank you. I love my authors. They inspire the hard work.
so happy for you Tiff! love ya <U+2665>
Normal Bean-I got your e-mail and YES of course I would be honored to sing with your band on stage-S will be in SPIRIT too :-)
I like my friends STD-free incase you didnt know
twitter absolutely didn't need to know that.
that is funny. It sure does get crazy out there. They love bball and treat u like a super star.
Tonight. The Black Dahlia Murder. dolleeyuhh
No service on Friday, but catch us in Hayes Valley on Saturday.
If you were to see a feature #film about #PrincessDiana what aspect of her story would you be interested in seeing brought to life?
Who has actually read Charles Murray's "Coming Apart"? Anyone? (cc: )
Watching easy A. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
no one cares about hockey, but, yeah, I think they started out really, really hot.
Just walked in on Mr. Swalls & Stayte taking a team shit & holding a conversation.. Hahahaah
Happy Hour starts in 45 minutes!
literally cried when i read this. i'm so excited i love you all more than i love myself<3
you got a stress fracture?!
MT : #RaiderNation has spoken - The 1976 Raiders have been voted the GREATEST TEAM OF ALL TIME. Thank you
a special hello to
have a great sunday everyone!!!!..feliz domingo a todos!!!!
“…we will either find a taco, or make our own…” ~anonymous
That awkward moment when someone thinks that because you're a Jew you celebrate Passover and you have explain you celebrate Good Friday
Lord keep me today cuz if not I'm just not gone be kept!
Great meet today Eagles! Now heading south to get a little rowdy
Well hello, Chicken Florentine Calzone. I think I love you.
you're irrelevant.
if u were any cuter i would tink u were one of my seven dirl friends
I hate my mother.
Congrats followed :)
Happy Cinco De Mayo! Celebrate with your favorite Mexican dish and Dundee's Spring/Summer Variety Pack. Ole!
awk last minute decision to go to prom, i have 3 days to get a tux, ticket & someone to cover my shift @ work before sat. Challenge Accepted
list w/ us for Free use this code. US270911
oh by the way to add to that
are the bands still on schedule or has that changed??
... Give whatever he wants!
......wait *stops in tracks* wasn't Charlie like a little boy??? Why was he driving??? Lmao
well its a start
Remember how long we begged to show us his abs (:
Great Food, service and style-my Fam and I experienced onight at Tremont Restaurant in the Village,NYC-Keep it up!
procrastination at its best
Enjoying listening to Grover Washington Jr. album Winelight. Classic from 1980.
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
Words I never thought I'd say: I LOVE Texas!
The things you say , get me so upset sometimes . I just wanna cry /':
Havn't seen not on heat fan on my timeline lmao
No kidding ": I know you may want to blame Obama for the secret service thing, but really... there's better things to focus on."
Exciting news: Artists and Brands has an AP for the Android! Quick, go download it now!!! An Apple version is on its way!
Well look who Twitter thought I might know :) love you! So proud of you xoxo
Im drinking "vacation in a glass" and it's got me counting down to Austin baby! OH LA LA
Random ? ya'll...do you prefer a male or female bartender? I was told tonight I would never get hired at some places because I'm a dude?
Next week...some of my fave shows return. Castle, House, Fringe, Bones. GO DVR!
Watching The Fighter again...great movie and Mickey is a great guy...perfect representation of him on the big screen!
they must not build FB apps if they are crying about change :D
*snort* there's something wrong with u. I stg! Lmao! ;-)
How do you know when is lying? If his lips are moving AND there's no billionaire in sight, then he's lying.
Check your facebook inbox
My money is on the Mai Tai
Just gonna do a big cartel store for now. Only selling 2 items (with low quantities) at first.
What happened to my shoulder
Agreed, we need one message to hit hard on all fronts.
#FDA refuses to ban BPA yet continues to intimidate farmers selling raw food and patrol farmer's markets undercover for illegal milk.
Not the time for Obama to campaign.. Let this please be about the veterans..
Wonderful time spent w/ my daughter and her soon 2 b in laws, deets of bridal shower was soo much fun! She is going 2 b a beautiful bride.
You two Indiana University people oughta know each other. (Even if one of you is actually DC-based.)
I follow them on twitter. I know they've tweeted scrapple pizza as special... I'll see if I can dig it up 4 ya!
Huey lewis rocks my world and that's the power of love
place is the shit
Producer of Forrest Gump and an Oscar and co-owner of the Giants and a Championship Good on Steve Tisch
but you're not stupid, trust me ;)
How to get librarians involved in DH projects throughout its life instead of just during the grant writing stage.
Haha...High-octane twittersphere ranting is where I feel at home. I'll be back!
Thanks for sharing! Correlates with my subjective experience of analysis and intuition in creative work - does Kahneman address that?
Clouds on the increase with cooler temps tomorrow. High 69. #VCUNATION is heating up tonight though. Let's go
You're a nerd, but you're my nerd, so I love you.
Terrific. Have a great time. Be careful in your travels.
Great #quote about #risk I just read - "Never forget about the 6' tall man who drowned crossing the stream that was 5' deep, on average."
#Maturity MT Crosby on hitting Voracek's glove as he went to pick it up: What did u want me to do, pick it up & hand it to him?
Mariah Carey on repeat
Ohnoes. How will this news affect the Iowa caucuses?
shunned by the liberal NYC media elite?
you bet & thank you Texas hunger fighter!
IDOL KARAOKE Competition tonight at OUR HOUSE EAST - 52 Gainsborough St.
same! Did u drop ur stuff of yet?
Going to get my nails done with the girls!
Her face is like the best.
Its That Nut.
What to do today..what to do
wouldn't be complete without some island <3
PLUS I'm already packed. WHAT?!?! Who AM I?
Chef Geoff's would be good. Pizzas + nicer entrees for adults.
Just a reminder that the deadline to file and pay your taxes is next Tuesday!
good kid!
I don't think I know ya, but I know fo' sho', that you are beautiful so baby, let me know your name
THIS SATURDAY! Hair guru and author Cozy Friedman will be at Wild Rumpus for a HAIR-DO WORKSHOP! PLUS: Free give-aways!
always pulling for Kyle he's the best, love to met you two someday, go 18
Shot my Curb Your Enthusiasm episode. First day was tough, second day was GREAT!
I'm fired up and ready for our meeting tomorrow. #IUSF. I'll be on the road bright and early!
just pulled a Halo all-nighter. Haven't done that in ages!
#libchat q4 I had an interesting experience with trying to volunteer... "lib students want to do lib stuff;union rules prohibit this "
my new single coming soon "Can You Believe It" video shoot in about 3 weeks
Are you serious??? : What??? How??? Aww RIP #Leslie. Good memories with shim. RT : Leslie passed away. Only ...
Holy Guacamole! You know in keeping with you being a vegetarian and all.
Nigga can stay anywhere but with me!
Good morning! You cannot become what you need to be by remaining what you are. If you want something different in life - go get it!
“: If tomato is a fruit... Ketchup is smoothie.”:D
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, learning from failure.
“: Popping corn. The corn that pops.” biggest faggot award
are you at the game?
I'd fire myself if I could. Elway is way more positive but I'm thinking we need to get a whole new staff if the Broncos want to win.
Did I just hear an commercial on the radio? Legit
How can we help you with your transfer student?
I love #poetry, and a glass of #scotch, and, of course, my friend here.
so nobody want to be in my story ?
Omg this is funny some lady was like who's lipstick is this and I pointed to my friend Brendan and said it's his and he said Iware Chapstick
Sleep over at my house. So far it's just me, and my whiny, cry baby ass split personality.
RT : #LastTimeIChecked yo bitch was with me last night HA! <--- str88 like that
ha. When I crack open a lone star tonight, I will dedicate it to you. :)
I was there Feb 1967 untilNov 1968. We will never forget, even though a nation forgot us! SemperFi jarhead!
Let's shake it for 2 hours! 2-Hour Zumba Party Saturday, May 7th from 2 to 4 pm. Anyone can join & it's FREE more info
u rock
thanks, Belleruth for your support and help in my campaign for cuyahoga county prosecuting attorney.
You have to question the intelligence of the American voter who swept the radical republicans into Congress.
a pedicure lololol
: think about what happens if, in your writing, everything just "happens" & everyone is a "happened to" victim.
I need to go buy some stamps & print these pictures out so I can mail my letter!
Im at ya neck like a bowtie..
New holiday, #FREEShipping day? What do ya know! Lux has #FREEShipping everyday! Downloadable gifts! www.wearelux.com
#sadbuttrue Most of us will tolerate #abuse bc we have convinced ourselves that #Love is #Drama. #Love does NOT destroy ur
I know right?
Shout out to singer Jason Hemmens! Ya'll should follow him: Live at Whisky a Go Go 3/18/11
Awkwardly watching people bowl seriously... with the gutters up.
Kevin Hart has me dying on this floor .
next time my mom and dad let me come down and visit I'm going to hide everyone of your shoes.
and I are so sad to hear that our favorite spot is closing! Im coming sunday for my last meal!
Creepy show won!!!
We're pleased to announce we have 2 engineers certified on #Mac!
Good morning San Diego and happy May 1st! Looks like #MayGray is already here.
KY Next Generation Learning Accountability Model heading for the finish line!
Hope to see you tomorrow! I'll tweet my location and maybe we can sit together in a conference or two
you? I wanna see! Wait, is that considered kiddy porn?
worlds dumbest competitions. According to brad lokle, a bunch of dumb asses running around in spandex.
congrats! we have to do something soon hun.
So excited to visit the Poetry Foundation today!
For now its back to my Ibanez BTB6...great problem solver,tone for DAYS! it does it ALL with ease!
Thanks again, Neil!
Fresh powder brotha! Can't wait!!
I will not rest until #HappyBirthdayMadison trends
you should go to the entrance of the summit :D I just saw you and someone else in your car and you had your video camera :D
No, just no.
Every Detention Center within the same County opperates Differently. WHY? Different City, Different Judges,Different Fines. WHY? SAME LAW
RT : Are you ready for tomorrow? Who will you be cheering for?
I think this is the first trip I've ever taken where I didn't take a physical book along. Never thought I would spend so much time in iBooks
TGIF! That's all we have to say! .....(except for this) Enjoy your long weekend everybody!
Movers called. They're on the way right now... a day early. This is NOT good news.
Less than one month until THE returns. I'm excited.
Marathon reading today at Ocean Beach! Find us between stairwells 21 and 28 starting at noon!
How could i not tweet someone who said she loved my show Chicagoe was good to Milwaukee talent..
my friend mikes new nick name #PEDOBEAR lol and lindsays is
Great new listing in the Buckman Neighborhood. A rare Complete Fixer. If you are looking for a good home to make your own in every way i…
yaya been taking showers for yrs boo all her life lol
I fixed the cloths washer, taking a break
Go Irish!! Now can I get a Baylor win so there's a championship game I want to see???
"Kick em when they're down" is no way to run an economy
Goal of the Day: We're in the thick of summer. Commit to keeping hydrated!
PURE AMAZING !!!!
NP appreciate ya bro! Thnx for all you do, we should set up a phone interview for the show
Tryna get comfy with a girl.
it happens. sounds like some fun surf though. hopefully we can get out for a session next time you're back in LA
#MyPastRelationships have taught me not to be afraid to let go...because someone better will be waiting if he's not the right one. <3
A sharp vision, supported by definite plans, gives you an amazing sense of confidence and personal power.
we can go back downtown or some where else
when u finally catch up the show will be over same with avatar lol
Beware the Bromigo.
"have you ever attended a meeting while sitting in the beach? YOU WILL."
Apple (AAPL) iPad sales are obviously slowing...AAPL has had its run....party's over.
The impeccable law of karma governs our lives. If you follow it, you will not be in trouble.
Been on running hiatus for 2 weeks - Runners - how long will it take to to get back to where I left off?
Just saw a crazy woman yelling at and hitting her dog!! :-( some people really shouldn't be responsible for another life.
Dr. Freudstein will play the Tuba.
nah they have a good D and Hester Knox Marshall and Jeffery, with Forte and Bush? Holy cow they have weapons.
: RT - Which is better off now than it was in fall of 2008? Al Qaeda or your 401k.
Why are you sleeping in the closet?
AP: US hiring slowed in April to just 115,000 jobs, unemployment rate dropped to 8.1 percent .
Inventor gets 106 patents
Driving back to west palm to break kevin out of jail..why am I still awake??
well, he worked for Scott...
Walk Two Moons is one of my favorite books to teach, for so many reasons.
My black light went out on my phone so I got to use the glare of the light bulb to see my shit
...the poor white person or anyone who was I thought more or less getting a bad shake. (Gordon Parks)
good morning.. Oh well.. Will see!
#PrettyLittleThings is always looking for more followers! Have any recommendations? Send them our way.
GREAT Show at Anthology tonight! I enjoyed your performance & sang all those songs right along with you. We are close in age.
Proud of my girls! #bhsdance!
I am finally recovered after dealing with that crud for over 7 weeks. Antibiotics didn't even help. Feel better soon!
Heading over to SMU, looking forward to talking with young voters about how they can get involved in the political process.
does it count if I was already following ? Btw your tweets are great!
lol I'm gonna hit up Hawaiian BBQ instead
Good night everyone(:
I use 3 waggles
I'm going to be in the car for 2 hours! Can you play Boyfriend by
On my way to the studio, suckuhhs! ( :
I close my eyes, then I drift away, into the magic night I softly say
A5. Facebook, for both. RT What are the best sports apps and which ones are underutilized?
Excellent #Raw Supershow tonight. If you didn't see, make sure you don't miss this show.
with the goal assist by Silva score: 9-1 weather: still cold
you coo
Editing & mastering H.L. Watson's "World of Ryyah" 6-hr audio book. Also mastering an EP for former NFL football player Ben Utecht.
Only my second year here, I still don't get why they pass stuff in mid of night if they're such good bills. don't you want folks to see?
RT : Its No hiding it now its about that ring NOW..
Only 6 Days till Christmas...
kind of admire Felix for not demanding the ball for the 9th. no reason for him to be out there anymore except posterity.
Just learnt the Addition Snake Game today!! Now I really really want my own set to play with!! :) #Montessori materials It's so awesome!!
www.twistaid.com is happening and happening well. ITS TIME TO TWIST PEOPLE
you should try to make it out to the Chicago show! I'll be there! Gotta get my #levilowrey fix!
I gotta warn you, I'm a loud fuck
A flirt is a truly rejuvinating experience.
Was up way to early this morning tired <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
charity (the giving part of KS) in its various forms has existed forever. Kickstarter added relationship and made it hip.
fuck this night!
Was watching and found out there's a "Wet hot American summer" sequel in the works! Yay!
I am embarking on the proposal of a lifetime. Wish me luck!
Yeah, I'm in love with their love. #Beautiful #ILoveThemTogether #Jason&Jordin (:
Out on the road today I saw a Skankin' Pickle sticker on a Subaru.
Hey, i love you <U+2665>
He who dwells in the shelter of the Most High will rest in the shadow of the Almighty. - Psalms 91:1
you are welcome!!
Dude on the lightrail is beastin the guitar solo
Other Nba fans gone start talking nobody messing with lebron .
volleyball: the sport of manly men
Recorded bass and guitar last night. It was a long day and now I'm mixing and the song sounds amazing. Really stoked on this.
thanks so much! We're u at the first set? I didn't arrive until the second ;)
I love big black cock!!
Hahaha, I don't blame you either. At least have fun while you work! :)
I don't get it he already hit 3 Hr's on you and your still going to pitch to him?
I meant to ask you today... Are you rocking an lv backpack? :)
Virgin Mary >>>
Had an amazing day last night absolutely killed it!
Now, you're just somebody that I used to know.
Everything is meaningless.
*That* and dancing with John Travolta while he whispers Scientology lore in my ear were the last two items on my 2011 list.
physically yes haha :p
Yay! And Good(:
late, prolly last of three bands, like i dunno 12? headed there now though. pop in if you feel it, breh
Let's go #nyrangers!!!!!
We have a few beta tester slots open for the up-coming point release. Email us at if you are interested.
I think compared to NFL where it seems half the league has been arrested and NBA where guns are the norm, MLB is pretty docile
Aw Tina you're so good to us!!
Certainly no need to apologize! Open Source is what we do :)
Red Hot Alert: We'll be on Living Social next Monday - the 28th - 5 classes for $25. Get 'em while they're hot!
oh my gosh HELLO!!!:)
Ahh I'm sorry I spelled your twitter wrong earlier. Thank you for being my ride buddy :)
watching The Beautician & The Beast. Brings back memories with the sis
God is good :)) so good.
LOVED the movie limitless! bradley cooper might be my new celeb crush!
What's a good movie to see in the theater??
RT Former teammate/ Friend Ken Clausen gives #Huguely a hard look when he walks in.
Having a great morn! Ready to seize the day!
"Back when I was nothing, you made a brother feel like he was something, & that's y I'm with you to this day boo no frontin." ;)
End the school year good... With a referral.
"we had to score for you"
Lol “ Please stop lying its not cute, fareal serious RT Lies Ya bed time! RT SVU TIME!!!””
2 hours until my last CRTC event as President...
Big sis is getting married today :) so excited for her !
haha im going to kill myself anyone got a 2 oot rope im tryna hang myself precisely 1foot above the ground just in case i change my mind X_x
That's how we roll in the burbs : Wow! RT : Headed out with for his first 30 mile ride. Wish him luck!”
that work out had me panting!!
yesterday is today. today is tomorrow, tomorrow is yesterday
We would love to work with you, please contact me to discuss; Thank!!!
well, that i don't doubt at all ;)
SFMOMA's party last night was pretty fun... I especially liked the part where LeLe kept making the crowd chant 'All-American Dildo Show.'
shut up blake
Stay Cool Indiana. I am indoors building another cool website, Central Air on full blast!
but srsly tho. i need a cigarette. life sucks.
Want to know what my #1 tip for pleasing women is? Get the stamina to last a long time!
yes :D just one!
BEEP BEEP. WHO GOT THE KEYS TO MY JEEP. Someone drive me to tonight for IRIE SUNDAYS! Reggae- Dancehall... with
?why? It's actually a lot better then you might think.
In the Murray Hill neighborhood? Cheer on the Rangers tomorrow night !
GO FOLLOW
Are they awesome? Are they fan-friggin-tastic?
Def up for it Lets make some noise!!! :)
I'm thinking that it's checking in after 2 am and again before 10 am, but ill do the bacon egg and cheese/orange Gatorade combo if i have to
Philadelphia is playing like an 8 seed who smells an upset.
John Candy??? on twitter wow- mega!
thanks for the info I gotta bring the Chicago back judi got her Ass beat
Oh, reading it _was_ fun. That's how skewed my world is. :)
ha :P That sounds amazing!
Jews celebrate mothers day right?
It just gets better and better! Until it explodes, I guess.
Yep. His atty was on GMA this morning also. There will be more and Trayvon will be portrayed negatively. It's coming.
Heading to a Bloomsday celebration in Philadelphia. And to think that I didn't even like 'Ulysses.' But I read it.
Lazy Sunday reading. Feeling bad for the boyfriend who has two finals tomorrow, before he flies out to NJ for a month.
I didn't do any, but I will be optimizing soon.
Give that guy a coke, ok?
“: "If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning."”
your 14 followers are proud of you. On Mothers Day no less.
i'm sorry,who are you again?
this may be extremely late but oh haha, thanks. Me and my friend don't know what to cal them so we said slippers :3
Today: 2 schools touring museum, 2 schools meeting survivors. great opportunity for students to learn directly from eyewitnesses.
. Oh the joy of being and admin pro!
The jungle at radio row is epic. The best interviews with the best stars! Bring it on Romanowski!
BUY N4H.DE BUY N4H.F NEXT ALTERNATIVE ON THE FRANKFURT AND XERTA EXCHANGES
please follow me!! Your so awesome and gorgeous!!
I remember this guy! Great product but a bit confusing with his vision.
Oh, good one Rich. I'm adding that to my list!
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 8
#fpn2012 on lack of humility in philanthropy, occupational hazard
T.Harpold - using wikis in teaching value 'wit of the staircase' knowledge: what you think about after class.
RT your all time favorite merchant!
Seeing someone dressed like you at the mall….one of us has got to change.
Oh i will...you'll get to watch me on shtuff ta daa hahahaha
Going BANANAS.
have u got a anything jedward does it cost you alot since you are from the usa i want to thier cd on amazon it shipes from uk
Amy! Beach Boy Rad loves ladies. Any place who does not allow ladies,is no place for Beach Boy Rad.
lol we might go out tomorrow for my cousins bday I'll hit u up
if you can find me!
I bet she was having a bad day. Maybe a white person cut her off in traffic.
it's ok!
Happy birthday to my fave MADE gals! RT : Happy Birthday NOVA Roller Derby!
#WaysToBeginSex Get consent. (really, it's the only way.)
I hate labeling maps
I hope today is a good say!
I'm going to bed. Cody punched me way too hard. Night bitch.
oh I do believe you <U+270C>
Why is it so hot?!
Stream back on. Thanks.
Go Niners! Great start.
Come see Kubrick's 'Full Metal Jacket' before the stress of papers and exams returns next week. Starts Friday at 7 & 9:30pm.
Thx for your persp. I agree w/ you, tho I chuckled at 15 min on soc networks. I'm finding rel building online takes time (&fun)!
Only one in the whole office. Is there a workaholics anonymous?
Heading to Havana to try their mojitos
#MorePopularThanTheObamaBudget Suppository laxatives
Life is good...after coffee. And when it's Friday.
Hey I heard you were a wild one (;
Am I the only one not watching the fight? -.-
interested in the TIU diet plan. Is there any way to see a one page sample before purchasing to make sure it's what I need?
Very interested to see who Bill and the #Patriots keep for receivers. Probably will have to cut up to six players. Glad for competition!
Where in Westchester? We have some folks here, too! Let's get this going!!!
MICHAEL FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW PLEASE IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME AND HER! <3
work account- would never have an account there, myself.
So happy ! My tween Fashion show is April 14 ! & my mom agreed 2 get me a Hollister Cardigan for my first look ! Omg I'm so siked !
Are you gonna kiss me or not?
were you just at the chick-fil-a in Baytown?! If not, your unknown twin has descended
It was through ActBlue though.
Phonecasting back online. We had some server and firewall issues. Everything should be working fine now.
I think you meant Chris Brown
Adolf Hitler is my inspiration.
Nurses rock, esp in 6W: Caroline, Michelle, Vicky! And Liz in Recovery! & all other staff - amazing place. Lily Marie luvs u!
S/o to for waking me up this morn extra early
Dana Scott and Co. Shooting here at R2K today!
Just ordered my books but they're gonna come from April 27 - May 14 THATS A LONG TIME!!
I'll be right over, baby...have some wine ready. RT So ready for my much needed facial this afternoon...
Im thinking of leaving school... and becoming a potato...
Burger King =D
The beginning of wisdom is to call things by their rightful names. -Chinese Proverb
Use your Taxes to repair or something new on ur home. 305-232-3344
what does a volcano sound like as a symphony? Come check out booth 13 right now to find out!
Thank you for supporting the LAMB community
4 8 year olds not going to sleep
local news media on rampage - must be November sweeps time, eh?
how do u get it to do tht..?
The Fox affiliate is always great, it's local. My fav was in MN & in DC. No pick in #CLT yet.
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Suzy's Green Tomato Relish 3.83 / 5 Stars | 5 Reviews by OneKeeneKat "That patch of green tomatoes can yield a d
I'm ready to move around because the longer i sit the more i think...... :-(
I wonder how many cops salaries could be paid with the money wasted on the grand prix?
Ohio turnpike
Acquity Group has offices in LA, San Fran and Irvine, and strongly encourages relocation
Enjoyed and agreed with guest column by in recent issue of The Hockey News. Game can be safer without being watered down
yes it was. Thought I was the only one who caught that lol good catch
you know it!
Very cool! We LOVE it. Thank you! cc
Holtgraver walked away with the sprint feature! I don't think I fared very well in #fantasydirt tonight lol
Nope, unfortunately there has been no inclusion of WOC. That aspect of the show remains awful.
#np Corinne Bailey Rae - Call me when you get this
The future isnt even here yet dude, thank you for supprting the cause
Congrats! RT ormer F signs 2 year-2 way NHL contract with Anaheim Ducks.
Congrats to Francie Pepper for #ywca2012 women of distinction philanthropy award.
A person who keeps breaking up with you because of something so small is obviously not worth your time. Your obviously a joke to that person
that's funny! Why?
Happy Hump Day! is at the Castle this morning training our awesome associates. Start your hump day w/ an O face!
lovely and relaxing - as it should be. how about yours?
check my fb page. I got to go to the post game press conference today!!!
at Aspen Ideas Fest-biked Rio Grande traIl to Woody Creek -warm sun cool breezes white water snocapped peakshillsides of buttercups. Sweet!
I want to keep studying but my brain can only remember so much about sex organs so I'll just sleep lol
I would glady give someone my bad kidney for a biggie sized black coffee please
thanks, man. appreciate that.
jajajajaja...lo hare...
No was just wanting to go really bad and had noone to go with :( boo!
My adventures in dev this week: Integrating Twitter Bootstrap with .net MVC & Telerik MVC Controls .....had a blast!
When did your name change from a word to a charm?
Food and Sex at Belvoir
Family Night is tonight! Make plans with your Children and join us for dinner. FYI you can trade your child's toy for an Icedream if they...
break legs buddy... Does this mean you're union now?
i dont think so.
Headed to spin!
congrats on Vice Chair!
Feels sucky to blow this bad.
Thanks for the RT! We need art teachers who are willing to share!
Domination! RT “: Welcome me back to the Jungle.”
gurl I got to tell something to det happen last nite
Stage three of our emotions is Emotional liberation: we take responsibility for our intentions and actions. Cynthia Harris
Was gonna say, isn't the stench of mildew at least better than the stench of Jared?
Happy New Years! Make it a wonderful 2011!
Houston is just as gigantic as I left it, perhaps even more so.
#NHL can end cheap shot late penalties like Weber's punkass play on Red Wings. Add rule extending game 'til all penalty time runs out.
Amy Sederis (on David Letterman) "I'm scared of you and librarians"
Why u tired then? From eating???? lol
confirmed: he is a robot cyborg
Facebook Granted About $796 Million In Restricted Stock To Employees This Month More Facebook riches all around! The company granted abo
is it thursday yet? i'm actually looking forward to my first millvale game dispute the fact i hate a girl on the team. #pumped #gameday <U+2764><U+26BE>
In an airplane all day and I land to find there is a revolution in Egypt. What happened?
Happy Mothers Day Mama Mahone!!!! Love you<3
Gingrich calls for Pell grants (vouchers) for all K-12 students.
“: It's snowing downtown! What's it doing in your neighborhood? nothing yet!!!!<U+E337>
U is kind u is smart and u is important
#Translation Tip: In Thai: The passive voice is only used in a negative sense.
It's totally normal to creep.
XLarge, of course, but peach or raspberry? See u May 7th? RT : I think I'm gonna grab a 99 cent Iced Tea from
nothing, good(: omg new pic again!
Frog and Friends?
That moment where you're in the library and you put your textbook over your face and just want to scream fuck my life
lol never that
The way we live our life today is what’s going to get us to where we need to be tomorrow.
Let's start a hashtag:
Miami crowd is pathetic. Can't get a decent chant going.
cool, will check them out
An air tight container is best and if it is glass or plastic, be sure to store it away from light in a cabinet or dark space
we <3 , , , , and kyle too. and yellow brick pizza and faithy.
A2 Also, and I know I may be in the minority, but FTL is *essential.* If it can't make the Kessel Run 12 parsecs, it's not a buy.
trading services? Bartering is taxable! Ask your CPA.
A podcast en route to work reminded me to be happy to have a job... How do we live in the moment when it's just not good enough?
should I come get some new kicks today?!
oh NY Times crossword puzzle, you trump me yet again
I'm on a cleaning streak... Bed sheets, socks.. The world is my oyster!
Thanks for the FF! :)
where did go?
I love dribble handoffs when executed properly.
Txttlktees just got its first order-hopefully the first of many!!!
nevertheless, a fierce necklace. Have any #Elvis collectible plate ones?
#HappyBirthdayProdigy :D! #TeamMindless loves you and wishes you the happiest of birthdays :)! Hope you day is filled with lots of joy <3!
Going to celebrate Earth Day w/ my bff & her twins. So.freaking.excited. Can't wait 2 c their reactions 1st zoo visit!
yes that's all part of learning Greek
I want a guy to text..fml:(
Great watching the beat the Yankees on ESPN last night! I'm so glad baseball is back!
Get a room, you two.
good luck with that and good luck falling asleep haha
“Children are the world's most valuable resource and its best hope for the future” - John F. Kennedy
Makes me wonder how they'd describe NMNH from your SM having never been to it physically.
Had a drink tonight at the Netherland Plaza obby bar in Cincinnati. 1931 was a very good year.
trying to get in touch with you about a National Press Club thing
Watching oprahs lifeclass...love it!!!!!! Education for the soul
Day 1 of #MPSA2012. Come check out our high tech booth with books, ebooks, journals and e-readers. Top knowledge in multiple formats.
Forever waiting for the fucking bus -.-
was your Christmas and how is Lil man?
Do you have a DVD burner? You are just missing the software to make that exact DVD copy?
Can we please vote gay bama out of office? Sick of him and his shenanigans ruining this country.
congrats to all!!!
Pontiac Trans Am Pullover Hoodie Firebird Power Adult Purple Hoody
We have two sinks in our bathroom. I look forward to getting my own someday.
The worst way to miss someone is when they are right beside you and yet you know you can never have them.
hey congrats..are u um slightly excited about gma ??
The STAAR test was easy. The actual review was more intimating. Good thing I had a calculator.
Saturday Feb 4TH at Yolo Lounge with is going to be the craziest night of the winter season.
Question from Michael Allen: What ever happened to WYSIWYG ?
Theatre ReActs research methinks! RT ...DO NOT LET BIOLOGY DICTATE YOUR CHEESE AND CHOCOLATE CONSUMPTION!
Just woke up from an amazing nap <3 i want to do something fun tonight
MANY thanks for such a great webinar this morning!
i'd like to know what "sick passenger" means. Are we talking nausea? Fainting? A coronary?
it's the combination of what you lose and what you have to replace what you lose. So far, Estrada seems quite capable.
We can't tell you how proud we are to have three of our projects be finalists for ADDY awards! Our students rock.
It's making me nervous that so many a's are "content is buried." You guys get that too many options on front page is *bad*, right?
I would bet your wife feels the same way. RT : Hungover.
"I'm a chicken nugget roasting on an open fire!" "Taylor, you're out control."
please don't go in, it's still too early <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
#6wordstories I make awesome electronic music. Seriously.
Vegas fans join me on FOX5 tonight at 7 for our Speedway Saturday Night with and Replay Sunday at 10:30am.
at least the typography is good. Heh heh.
Got the weeks worth of grocery shopping done by 8 am on Monday- guess this is gonna be a week where I get a ton accomplished!
what penis?
you following baseball at all? I see soccer tweets and that just breaks my little heart.
I had to physically fight the urge to walk out of Detention yesterday. Now, I'm tempted to see it again. What hast thou wrought?
I can't even carry my school bag cause it hurts so much.
#schoolmemories giving my homework to the geek that had a crush on me so he could do it LOL #mean but true
We need judges for a business plan competition. Any takers?
Nice man, that place is great. Hope you enjoyed your stay.
The poetry of architecture - Stanley Tigerman's opening discussion at #FLWPT lecture series tonight.
We make a difference each day for people who are walking along life’s edge.
yes it has
take me with you when you see the twins next! So adorbs!
Do you love #startups? So do we. Look for our #entrepreneur quote next.
Stop playing games with the debt ceiling. Endangering the recovery and/or throwing the economy into recession is not worth it.
Funny...he goin to the Mosley fight..but owe me 5G...its 2011....step ur game up...keep it reala and pay ur f*** debt *itc*..
nice quiet Sunday... love having family time.
There's nothing that can help you understand your beliefs more than trying to explain them to an inquisitive child ~Frank A. Clark
heard you won today at Pole Position…congrats, but don't forget to win the other thing
Finally saw #Hunger Games. Such a disappointing mess of a movie. Do yourself a favor, enjoy the book.
Good night everyone..sweet dreams
psh ready for stats.... Maybe :D
You've inspired me to write more. Can't wait to read your book!
Too many of us get thrown in jail if law enforcement even thinks we committed a crime. Ask questions later. Not go home and chill.
I'm going 2B one well dressed lady today... here we go!
bummed I didn't get to say hi at #aeasea. your talk from 2 years ago is still helpful to us thank you!
love you! RT : Thanks girl xoxo RT : Jenna &amp; Megan are flawless and perfect and amazing and llslaaapakdj
Sorry brother. Thought that was the "model" face. Hahaha
how many times do we escape death without knowing it?
tequila and cookies. can't wait for med school to start.
Totally crashed when I got home from Wegs. Long exhausting weekend. I'll ded take a rain check on that porch beer, though!
CHALLENGE!! Can you beat Gian Perrone and become Fan of the Week? Check your score above! I dare you to beat him! ;)
Omg Lindsay you look like you do in my dreams
Best venue in LA, imo. Seeing Ray & Brandi in San Diego tomorrow night, can't wait!
Me and my BFFs Kalli and Isabel are for from losers
I'll be in the house for tomorrow's BTW Commencement! Follow along for updates.
At the #empirehotel for the #lavidarose fashion show! So excited!
Don`t see it?
#WhenIWasYoung i didnt have a care in the world
you need to put that on tumblr so i see it again ;p
why does the weather always turn when I have to walk to work?
crystal clear... WFAN for life
Heading to the 5th, Phils still ahead 4-0. Wigginton, Nix, and Ruiz are due up.
RT : Maybe it counts, maybe not, my deleted scene was added & BABY ITS HOT
I most certainly will once they're finished up! Thanks!
Ray Siemens of INKE, "Networks and the History of the Book"
I had a fun day w/ Olivia
reminding myself why I should really only take on publishers as clients
Is it weird that everytime I read The Hunger games I picture myself as Katniss and as Peeta? Lol I bet who won't even see this
Food Fact of the Day: March 30, 1868 The Pullman Palace Car Company introduced the first railroad dining car.
Everybody please go and follow will follow back,i promise:D
To the tryhards that leave 2 seconds early and sprint cooldown we know who you are
": being completely honest, I don't even care what I look like at school anymore #noonetoimpress #endoftheyear"what hppnd 2 nick
Santa's Littlest Elf has Autism picked up 42 more radio stations plus more internet stations. Is this the first Autism song on charts?
"People's tendency towards good is as water's tendency is to flow downhill."
We also have The Avengers screening in at least 5 different formats. MT As usual, more good french movies in NYC than in Paris
Thought I knew the future, now all I'm sure of is the past.
#WordPress #Tools Bluetrait Event Viewer (BTEV) – Tracks your logins, deleted users, last passwords, invalid user names and more.
Ladies & Gentlemen come join us 2day at Flirt Nail Lounge 2day Last chance 2 take advange of our 50% off services special!
Excellent! I'm looking forward to it (have just printed off my notes and saved the slides, so now I'm ready!)
My girl crystal house is a wonderful woman of faith!
I Only Rock Widd Ppl Dat Rock Widd Me!!!!
rofl not worth it
awesome Tee !
So excited Super Bowl is here and everyone arriving for the game and the weather is getting cold in Dallas, PERFECT!
text me and tell me who!
CLOSE SECOND. My own answer to my own question, in fact. But they probably only have 25-50% of Sam Adam's total varieties.
Uh oh, Weaver perfect through two.
fuck u prick
thanks bro just back for the weekend. How u
This will be the realest tweet I ever wrote against all odds
Overslept for work two days in a row.
Be exited over a new relationship with God. It OS for good, for ever and it is about a true love. Love God.
what kind of animales do You like?3
Misty taste of moonshine, teardrop in my eye.
Just missed the number to win tickets to meet :'(
You can preach a better sermon with your life than with your lips.
Usually it's the Meyer teen fans who murder grammar and spelling, not the haters.
Freeballing in gym shorts in Waikiki after getting bred. I can feel the jizz starting to leak out.
Totes just submitted a review...
simon sleeping. too late on the east coast
And.. I still think school is way better than a boyfriend! #School is 1st!
I love how quick writers are at answering email. I've emailed 10 or 12 colleagues and contacts today and only the writers answered.
Back to Church Sunday- and a beautiful one in Upstate New York!
To every1 that voted 4 me thank u, 4 the psychos that doubted me I thank u as well, your hatred propelled my spirits & efforts.
Shout out to our amazing supporters (1 of 2)
i dont have any garlic or shallots.....I couldn't cook even if I wanted to. ALL my meals start with garlic, shallots, and/or onions
Personal branding for real estate agents is just as important as branding for the real estate company with whom you work. you want this http
to go on a Megabus trip this year so you're welcome
4. Smoke something, still smoking, I smell smoke, smoked out, smoke one
Do I see a museum day in our future?
As it should be.
Learning how to use WikiEducator. i already had an account and i hope i can use it with the Zambian Bloggers Network
WWE Shawn Maykalza asked to return to the ring to participate in the feud and Kevin Nash Player.
Overheard at the end of a band's set: Girl: You just missed it. Boy: Pssh! I don't wanna hear any music! Wow, sucks you're at #SXSW then.
Giants sign Bumgarner to five-year extension
Watching Whitney Houston memorial service with my family...
Eli Roth on Inglorious Bastards: I blew it. Quentin made fun of me saying 'You were so bad in your audition, but I'll give you a call-back.'
thanks! “: Congrats to on their win against Mt. St. Joseph, 67-58. #Pioneers are now 20-2 on the season!”
Back like anyone cares
Oh you think your life is hard? Go to Uganda for one day
#zap I just got a shock of energy(;
I felt dizzy and everything in my room was shaking a little.... what the heck? haha
thank you for the #ShoutsBack Ray :D #verycool ! ~~~~rich
HuStLiNg iS My G!rLfRiEnD..FaiLuRe iS My Ex..Im MaRriEd To My MoNeY AnD Im FuKiN DhA ShiT OuTtA SuCcEsS.....
dude it was just a joke. My friend was tryin to remember my friend sandy's name and he couldn't figure it out, it was hil ...
Good morning everyone. Seems like a beautiful day today. I pray it doesn't rain n if it does then not to much. Cleanin house then relaxin
why, gosh, thank you, LeAnn!
selah, it's a little city right next to Yakima if you know where that is :p haha
STRUMMERVILLE TONIGHT BOTTOM OF THE HILL..
Welp, someone won the Mega Millions last night. Wonder how many more people won?
Had a photoshoot at the salon yesterday! New photos of our team and a salon video coming soon!
STARTING MY DAY OFF THE RIGHT WAY....
Sound quality will be an issue at #aaasci since we can't plug into PA system. Need something sensitive.
Do martini olives count as dinner?
haha it's so good
Night Circus' release date is next Tuesday 9/13
Victory loves preparation
Good morning everyone!! Another day of travel...Hope Texas is ready for me :)
i wanna HULK sum femalez
"Now that you've seen, will you please go?", the nonchalant architect is quoted as saying to his blonde wife when, with seven friends, she
So there will be an up and down vote on the bipartisan Senate bill? MT
I got a Pea I got a pea why is everyone laughing at me..... #SongoftheWeek~I Got a Pea by songdrops
Watching family guy :) I love this show <3
: Can I just FF to Oct.....Childish, Ye and Jay, A&T Homecoming....sheesh Ima rage
Today was awesome. 2 fires that entirely blocked off Mass. Ave with caution tape, a huge power outage, toxic fumes, and moms on the phone...
That's OK. Thought it was bad enough to try and find Sultana's.....
I think of you every time I say that!
jaden cut his hair ?
Failure isn't the end, but the beginning of a new opportunity to succeed. Stop making excuses and start finding solutions.
right need tu wake dey twitter watchn asses up
JCSU knocks out WSSU 75-70 and will Advance to the next Round to play Chowan
exactly what I'm talking about. Be prepared, you just jumped to #1 on my shit list.
We are showing one of my favorite movies EVER tonight at 10 pm. The original Halloween! See you at 10!
You can/will be a special addition to a national championship run!
I can't believe my Tahoe broke wtf
Bwin.Party Enters California Online Poker Market
exactly that's why even the living Jesus said to stay away from religion.......I have faith and a belief not a religion :-)
and a happy Firday to you!
We shall not be moved -- A powerful and uniting statement.
Too bad I chose to wear 17,000 layers of clothing
Kara thanks for following us! Next time you're in #Milwaukee, stop in and party with us!
Double wingmanning it up with Tonight's goal: not get chopped up into little bits.
Thinking of graduate school for a change. Where in the world do I even begin?
Definitely going to have to do some extra workouts to work off all the great Thanksgiving food. But I love the holiday season.
“: I'm pissed my phone won't load that video” That's good u don't need to see it :p<U+E409>
Haha...very funny!
of course :)
Okay, enough Tweetbooking for now. Back to
Bahahaha!! Nice. What show you at??
Will Vogue ever have an African editor? Something to ponder. An editor with messy, fussy, untamable strands may not work.
Yep, clearly, libraries are totally irrelevant "these days"! RT National ILL went up 41% from 2000-2006.
ha good one! Clearly the funniest person Kara knows is
Madison police Capt. Carl Gloede says "We have to talk and find out" what happens next with Occupy Madison.
Is there anything that doesn't taste better with either Jameson or Cheese? That's why we're inhaling the Jameson Cheese sauce.
Yup, playing FFXI at the moment though.
somebody call me this phone...this phone is wildly out of control
So not happy about all this snow. Having to drive around is such a pain. Ah!!!
" You cannot change others, you can only change the way you deal with them. "
ROFL. ABORT! ABORT!
#ArentYouTiredOf Hearing people complain about little shit that can be fixed??
Primarily, what is keeping Black people from uniting. We spend most of our money with others, we kill many of our own, WHY?
This… page got hacked follow My new page
nah, gearing up for tomorrow. Giving my liver (& Zee) a break.
Go Follow --> # PLEASSEEE For me it's my sister **
"No one's happiness but my own is in my power to achieve or to destroy."
Just said goodbye to #mostdepressingthingever #mytwinny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
What is your favorite food?
my favorite part is when he arrives and starts complaining about all the things mom forgot to pack for him.
We are all tired high
followed you ..:D
Really looking forward to David Houle's talk on leading & succeeding in the transformational decade on now at
Advanced Mindfulness: Integrating Mindfulness, Meditation, & Cutting-Edge Neuroscience in the Treatment of Anxiety, Anger, & Depression
Where my daughter?
"We must become the change we want to see." ~ Mahatma Gandhi
one month left to do what i gotta do and say what i gotta say
Don't stop believing!
thinks #RVA may have a 6 on the
Fix the #NFL Pro Bowl; whichever conference wins claims the home team position for the Super Bowl.
my short film Carousel is a finalist in the narrative category at the CSU Media Arts Fest on Nov. 12
Or if your smart like me, just turn your Koonce jersey inside out.
Obviously I will be reading Kieran Where the Wild Things Are tonight while listening to To the 5 Boroughs.
Thank u god for waking me up today, I really needed u
Tell the truth and #getitoffyourchest I cant stand a liar.
Eggnog Tea doesn't taste much like egg nog... but it's still a good black tea :)
Girl, if we got along better we'd be dope.
Oh true. Well I was wanting to go to downtown Orlando Saturday night but now I'm not sure what's going on.
Good morning to you!
Gotta take a short nap. Be back soon.
What's up with this weather? Wish P. Phil was more on the money...
“: I pray for your wife...she gotta be Michelle Obama strong” <--That's funny!
so Vinny basically said he's going to be posting the video from his time in Chicago.
hope you get better soon!
Good morning Twitterverse! How are you today?
tell Paris we said thanks! ha!
Whenever I am near you, I undergo anaerobic respiration because you take my breath away
Panther Creek <3's Jason Hart
The new Volare Blow Dryer by made with a engine is now available at salon
u need on dat remix homie......
Go to Google and type in "do a barrel roll" ... easily amused
Have a life out side of work so work doesn't feel like life. Same goes for school; for all of you students
Thanks for the RT!
Ugh, hate this kid.
Ah! What a beautiful day for science!
I find it hilarious
Take a moment out of your busy day to "REMEMBER ALL on 9-11". Those who lost lives, HEROES who saved lives, & the families that suffer....
im listening to on pandora
Friday Fun Fact: 700 Million Peeps Will Be Eaten on Easter. Yes or No, do you like Peeps?
proceeds without review.
Im trying to get some head fromJulia Roberts
how old do you have to be for an account?
The "gun carry" replies are: "it's my right"... "for self defense..." And if an innocent like Josh is killed it's "what a tragic accident"..
No problem. Also praying for healing for your friends.
hey derp...are you going tomorrow!?
I thought there were free slurpees today?!
Trunk over the trail - Girl dog leaps high above it; Boy dog crawls beneath.
Ok I'm gonna believe u. but this is the LAST time
who will it be 2nite? : YOU tweeted it and it's official the #MVPonNBC for #NYRWSH game is #NYR Brad Richards
I didn't pre-order your book because I didn't want to be retweeted! Go fuck yourself!
(1/2) "The most magnificent places in Europe are palaces and belong to aristocrats. In America its the parks which belong to the people. "
thanks for the follow! Please spread the word about
#CLOSym off to a great start! Dr Mike Echols of Bellevue University just introduced our first keynote, , former CEO Southwest
Really liking Tim Hagans latest "The Moon is Waiting" WHo is this guy Jukkis Uotila on drums?
Day off, Time to get my ass into showtime mode! tons to do
im lovin' the 60 degree weather...the rain and the wind...im not loving so much
Lifting (: then hopefully hanging with some buds! Then Franklin pool tomorrow. Anyone wanna come?!
fuck'n around with that dream like content....
Come dahn early for trivia night w/ ! We're continuing happy hour until 9p - Jasmeson and pickle shots $3, hot dogs $1.50
Knows good beer. ;) Milwaukee does it right.
aww! we'll be back! and has it really been a month already?!
Follow my partner
so if Sanchez is worth 10 mil a year for next 4, Falco is worth..15mil over 3?
Oh nice, there's a new one at Taylor and Harford that opens officially today but we walked through last night.
King Most e-mail list? Why yes...you may. Holler at . 1,000th e-mail gets a discounted belly rub.
LETS GO!<3
Well Zoe's just gonna get MRSA from that barbed wire.
the moment you settle for less than you deserve is the moment you get even less than what you settled for!
Goddamnit what does it TAKE to be happy I've been working on being happy for years and I still don't get it
They Say They Dont Know What Zayns Thinking About...Well Me Duhh ;D Hes Thinking about how Our Honeymoon Will Be <U+2764>
“: whats the fever called for tyler posey... :/”
I got two turntables and a microphone
Goal! Mexico pulls ahead in the 116th minute! 2-1
Giving FontExplorer X Pro a try and liking it so far.
Omg i know! I went crazy pinning this morning! RT : Can't. stop. pinning! #obsessedw/pinterest
should follow me cause I'm cool. :)
I heard its very tasty! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>
are you watching the game
Thanks for sharing your hobby! I want to use more book trailers next year and you've really helped make that happen!
Woohoo! Muah!! RT : Now following Worlds hottest poker player
Just showed 2 eleven year olds tub girl
It's a good thing I was born a girl, otherwise I'd be a drag queen. - Dolly Parton
I must have just driven by you with my stereo blasting. Great day to sit outside!!
not at all we just got in the car...
I was singing silent night holding a candle the wax dripped on my hand it turned me on
Our Citizenship Class in Spanish starts at 6:00pm! The main door closes at 6:00, so remember to use the side entrance.
is my birt day
are you here? I'm hanging with Mallory tomorrow night!
For all of you that have gone down the glory road with me, my eternal thanks - Adolph Rupp & Caywood Ledford.
Good Morning<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
'shaking my head', for this context I meant it like grinning and shaking my head. (: I meant it for good.
My friend has a friend like this! “: We all have that 1 friend who shouldn't even be allowed to cross the street on their own.”
How do you take a good song and make it great?
My favorite thing this afternoon: Check out her timeline: spam, spam, spam, stolen packer knowledge, spam, spam.
Random azz tweets because I'm geeked azz a bitch right now
I clicked on the trending topic the wood and your tweet was the first to pop up :-)
Interview Questions. Tired: FizzBuzz test. Wired: How would you re-architect twitter?
What is YOUR favorite fruit? The new favorites around the office are blackberries and kiwi. So good and good for you!
you unfollow me after every fight we get into
Cabbage, parsley, cucumber, carrot and celery juice with a smidge of ginger root & slice of apple is delicious -Try it!
Wow - says he's not an SEO expert!
Solar energy markets are big. At $19.6 billion in 2009 solar panels are anticipated to reach$125.5 billion by 2016. #solar energy
Tinytech sharium asks: what twitter interface do you use?
I'll be at the Preds game and wont be home until about 11:30 so we should be good!
All i can say is t.r.u.s.t
ill miss u 2:(
YOU did all the haggling. Got me an amazing deal. RT : Dang. is getting a pimped out car. I'm jealous :(
Follow your girl <3
Fall days are my fav! What's not to love about this perfect weather, it's football season, pumpkin beer, pumpkin patches, and colored jeans!
I ate at that burger king once.
Jess is trying to Eiffel tower
When you get hitched you get stitched
Deandre with the dunk
please follow me back!! :)
I love house centipedes! They are good insects. :)
They never fail who die in a great cause. -George Gordon Byron
Hoping you will be able to blog and glad Jonah is on the upswing - still praying
Our website is up and running again.
Oh... thanks for the reply.
In hopes that summer weather is actually on the way, I'm going to go ahead and switch out my winter shoes for summer shoes in my closet.
I know angsty isn't necessarily a "real word"...so?!? Lol
Nashville West - maybe 1st time in a book store since DavisKidd closed. But just here to use the WiFi.
#SmackDown Who going to Win Christian or John Morrison
Lightning talk: Jason, trails & byways manager, Heritage Areas. New opportunities for partnership & emphasis on preservation.
- good luck to you! and we should make plans for lunch in the city one of these days when i'm in for meetings!
Had a wonderful evening watched Star Wars in 3D and then a nice dinner with my Love
The Michigan games will still be crazy though.
What to do tonight????
Upgrading my phone to iOS 5 right now. Will report.
i am thoroughly deliberate and mean what i say... so if I said it, I meant it, and can be accountable for it. I realize this is rare...
Ryan, thx for the welcome to my pop in visit! We've got engaged Dem storytellers. Work on 5+ campaigns & Rallys. G8t fit 4 U!
Prune juice smoothie!! Yummy!!
#1DFacts Liam once had to change his phone number, because it leaked on the internet.
I love you tweets!!!(: <3
ah, IPK is super-secret code for Italian Pizza Kitchen. Woah. I can definitely do that, since it's so close. c u tmrw
I got A1 Everything!!
don't forget to give that to your landlord now or he'll evict you
Most people in LA look crazy, dirty, wealthy or high. Or if you're my ex: all four.
you lured me here, now help my chances to win $5k, OK? Danka
Great WEEKLY COUPON at www.dansecoupon.com
hello sir. Can you maybe follow & for me? Thank you. xx
no, Kobe's got a lot of NBA miles on him. Cat's losin it and still a Top 5-10 player.
Good read Grubes!
Ottawa woman champions hysterectomy alternatives - CBC.ca
LIVE w/ Amy Theburge from #pdx sharing info about breast cancer & her event For The Love Of #boobs 1pm PST
I was sitting here in my cousins house and I thought to myself even though people and all of us go through hard times we should be thankful
RT : TMZ reporting, #Dick Clark has died of a heart attack. He was 82.
#prowrestling #neworleans, 10/27/82 Ted Dibiase/Matt Borne defeat JYD and Mr. Olympia for Mid South tag belts in Shreveport
always RT : The gum in my mouth got mixed with the cracker from communion.
Lol I need to go to sleep.
I don't think I ever touched the ManiaTV logo... but why mess with such brilliance?
Holiday knitting!
Yes we are pretty close... He is my one & only nephew :-)
back from Canada and got my laptop back.
yeah man, being southern has nothing to do with it. In fact, Atlanta (very southern) is largely gay friendly.
Now following this hotaaaay ;)
90 for the Kobe :)
Well, at least I showed some support...
You better believe its true, you know I do I do oooouu ouuu <3
I would love to have my picture taken with you!
thanks for the mention!
Thx for the RT! Happy to be working with you all.
: I agree especially other spoonies
look me up on youtube
You can find talent. I still can't figure out why you didn't win last year.
"Quit Vogue-ing! Jao!"
but not boring!
You are very welcome. I hope you have a wonderful day!
Some people...
I see. You could very well be right that those areas were degenerated or formed 'incompletely,' as you describe some of ...
my sax is a selmar Liberty series
": That Just Made My Life Hahahahahaha<3 I love you so much<3" haha love you to! =p
Scales don't measure sexy.
Will do, tell Kayla to give me your number. I will be waiting.
I can't stand watching Crissy Bosh play. What a bitch!
i hate it when i have alot of followers and then the next day i went back down to a smaller numberf -_-
Disappointing end to a great inning. We'll get em in the 9th!
well thank you! :) did you see our music video? www.youtube.com/socontagioustv
Great goal! Have you thought about playing in college? : i wanna be on JV for volleyball, Varsity for basketball and soccer.
when can you get the sushis?!
you are not the past you continue to replay in your mind.
I'm hoping there's some arty Soderbergh hidden in there, 'cause that shit looks terrible
I remember my first time replacing my kitchen cabinets
It's beautiful here in Chicago! Where are you?
it's possible to learn to type pretty darn fast on the iPad. Just takes practice.
im not the kind of person to own up to something i didn't do
oh. i know they had ulterior motives to what they said. nonetheless, it should [theoretically] help with the gay rights movement.
Thanks for the RT - Jay's work is excellent! I love to share it.
Going to the Mariners game today, bummed that Griffey is injured. Still have yet to see him play, always injured. Next Year???
I have so many peoples best interest at heart
Earth Day&#39;s ups and downs reflect changing environmental movement
goodluck justin make us proud!! <3 youll do great :)
Baylor had more turnovers than shots made in first half. 8-25, 9 TO
whos going to vans warped tour?
I'd RT ur tweet: the 1st rule of fight club is you do not talk about fight club. Lol #FightClubQuote , but i cant talk about it.
Just got back from FBS09! So many things to work on right now! Can't Sleep! Which 7 Figure Idea to Use First? I AM TAKING MASSIVE ACTION!!!
DM me your number and we'll get this shit done homie!
i'd have to say that was thee most awkward dinner......pretty much ever. o_O
Thanks, Tricia. I hope your Sabbath was glorious with God.
Do you know someone involved in the show?
About to watch Pulp Fiction with my wife. She's never seen it.
Turning on Amelie. What a super awesome day this has been.
The UU student minister, Nathan, shared Hoover quote you might like.
And weve got some new beers today:)
I don't know how to put this but I'm kind of a big deal
": 2 jurors relieved of their duties...two females...however the are subject to recall. #huguely" what does that mean, why?
So JGL's job in #Looper is to stand in front of a white tarp in a designated area, at a designated time, and then just...shoot?
Farewell to a fellow New Yorker. New Year's Eve will not be the same without you
Saw ur spread in playboy. Omigosh, girl...stunning! u r so beautiful.
watching teen choice awards
Hello Saturday.
lol, I still have a loco
Want to increase your energy level and productivity? Check it out a free book (shiping and handling only). Get yours before they're gone: h
If I'm getting my period. Oh god. FML.
We Performing along side Mr. Capone-E on the 18th!! Don't Miss It!
shake dem haters off Brielle! Jealous brings out the worst! <3 #SweetDreams lil mama <3
hell would freeze ova b4 I let one of u bitkh niggaz get her oh no no no!!!
You cannot climb the ladder of success dressed in the costume of failure. - Zig Ziglar
died in my dreams last nite
Congrats buddy! RT : So I'm officially the Chef de Cuisine of Local Mission Eatery.
I'm great!! And yay. I'm excited about pride. Last year I had too much fun!!
Bet u hit me back now. Lol
Lol, I could imagine, well, you're singing now, lol so you'll be able to continue that :P
Swing hardy
The music is giving me #Life! #MJ #MichaelJackson #ChakaKhan...yes ma'am!!
great transformation!!
Some guy's attitudes are like females, really?
just not the same without the big smiles of around here.....
the only man i need in my life is Captain America
Maybe one day I will know why being lonely is better
smart discussion summit in #SantaClara w/ interviewed by , George Shultz, Julie Meier Wright.
Who likes We Came As Romans?
If I decline your friend request more than once, you should take the hint.
That Ramen Soup was awesome today.
Sneak peek?
of course i have
Good morning, everyone! I just want to say thank you to God for waking me up today. So blessed to see life once again.
email us at us(at)simplymeasured(dot)com and we can give you more details!
dave and busters with my best =]
making essences
Gotta love how Stomp the Yard is a trending topic at least twice a week in Atlanta smh
guess i'm back ..
looking @ at a recipe -high altitude:3500-6500feet - no change! OK,what about the poor fellows that are way above that,like us,for example!
Follow us on Twitter:
Upset pick of the day...St. Bonaventure over Florida State
Namaste' and Goodnight...
6th period softball >>>> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Dude . No You Don't . It's So Boring Here && It's FFull Of Old People . xD
Still daydreaming
Looking forward to another year of helping at the #skifever show in #seattle Oct 28, 29, 30. Bring your coats to help!
hoping to make the second half of have been feeling ill all morning. FML. Cc etc
RT For the Denver Broncos, who sacrificed a virgin in order to win the superbowl, we pray. LMAO
you don't even know where the package is. Lied to me all day.
Thanks for the RTs!
what's up?
you get it when you pay me back
we do have jalapeños! Just ask.
What did I tweet? A whole what - what? Geez, I need a beer.
everybody does that
These geckos need to look org ways before crossing the path! They're gonna get squished (by me by accident)!
We will have the best pasta at our festival. De Cecco will provide our Aperitivo with its pasta. Yummy
Haha we ended up going to Hard Rock after we had left :) it was nice meeting you:)
Palindrome of the day: "Doc Note: I dissent. A fast never prevents a fatness. I diet on cod." #learning (same letters front and back)
next week i will have sam my grandson, i so love him and his sister. grandchildren are what makes life exciting.
Clean slate ... not sure if that's good or bad.
There's just some people who thrive on their own bullshit. Sadly, sometimes we're so weak we take their bullshit
FF - the amazing Andrea Smith - co-founder of INCITE!, Native American feminist activist is on twitter.
Just took a nap in a car park thanks to the wonderful breeze
But I like Atlanta too, I just rather be in Cali
“: If she say she'll be ready in a hour give her 3.”maybe 4
The spirit of who we are can only flower into existence when we begin to feel the livingness in ALL things
Drake can definitely make my day better x10 <3
My mom said she has her black hoody on too, she said Chi is in unrest for all the Trayvons now thats what you call the tipping point.
Preparing for an academic panel: Is home ownership for White people?
Norah Jones is again perfect in "Little Broken Hearts."
thanks and there will be more contests in the future. Feel free to give us topic suggestions.
Happy Sunday! "Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it." — Maya Angelou
Went with Dad to the drs for a check-up I gotta go Friday to get my blood work redid before I go back to the drs in June staying busy, busy.
Get the new Qwerty phone and double minutes for life 910389897
I know you do lol I love you to <3
they will only be released at the event, once you get here! :)
so true!
MT Harvard and MIT have some big announcement tmrrw involving a "joint venture" in online learning. Watch for deets
Ate their way they did - plates of money : and ate on their way to victory tonight!
8-until tat girl arm fall off!!LOL
New Years Event details coming up soon! Stay tuned.
mondays and tues are best
My Uncle Created Copelands!!! It Is So Good!! <3
r u doing that while driving omg & I thought texing was bad lol
|#quotes We take the hamburger business more seriously than anyone else.
Pt. 1: Girl on Draw Something just yelled at me for not picking a 3-coin word, and then proceeded to spell her word as her drawing.
I need sleep<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
You're welcome. I knew you'd be able to appreciate it.
If they were balls, they'd obviously be hung from the hitch.
RT #salute on the new video /// good looking Suave
People are mad mean for no reason.
Super cute orangutan on the cover of WHY ARE ORANGUTANS ORANGE?
Miami Herald Bags a Luxury Story with LuxeDH
Texting on the iPhone is starting to get annoying... I'm getting tired of touch screen
can't believe I missed the Saints Parade today :( Why did I have to go fly?
#allgamejobs Looking for Network #programmers for A gigs in Texas. 4 more.
Ladies, when a guy can handle your flaws, love you on your moody days & kiss you when you don't look your best, he's definitely worth it.
ok ok I feel you.
Night <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>z
I thought you weren't particularly found of him.
You and your rumors are way too much alike, your both fake and get around.
Some old women and men grow bitter with age; the more their teeth drop out, the more biting they get. ~George D. Prentice
and wet
ouch to look at but feels better already I bet. Get better soon buddy. U r the man.
Well, I would love to audition for the role whenever the time comes around :)
Gos please save Rihanna. I don't think thats a dont give a f*** attitude anymore. I think she losing it a lil.
diamond dallas page
I dont know if it is true, but it sounds cool. Maybe I should have that printed on my cards :)
damn. I thought Lampley was cheering for Cotto.
Sonya and Mara doing Just Dance haha!
“: ......Ryan Leslie diamond girl album is still 1 of my fav r&b albums!<yo!!! You aren't the only one fam!
Don't be too surprised. He told me he hates your guts. ;)
I know, and it's good knowing that! I've got your back always :)
Well If I got to chose $1B or $2mill yeah. But the odds of the $1B pay off are slim. I probably would have chosen profit now too
I haven't been the airport. x.x;; I've lived here ten years and haven't been to the airport lol.
"I drive a minivan"
Super mega ultra bored :p I think should come over here, we should have a sleepover and then go to the all tomorrow ;)
nice hearing Foxy Shazam on final four
I'm getting greedy. I want another big win with the death of Ayman al-Zawahiri. Al Qaeda's #2. This feeling is too awesome to let go.
get it (; lol
My little girl is all grown up #alexandraatwell Happy 21st on Nov 5th!
Your not black so stop acting like it .
Anyone daring?New sandwich I'm working on. Cream Cheese, Pepper Jack, Roasted Jalapeños, and Bacon Stop by first 10 are on me for a review
Everyone go follow [:
"Time is only for those who seek it."
Stop by the AR Kiosk at #MLUC11 for a funny joke about snails, nuns or a Norse god. Your choice. Or, tell me a joke.
During this Holidays you want to look & feel great!CALL NOW to learn about our Holiday specials @ 941-957-3890!GIFT CARDS ARE NOW AVAILABLE!
good thing I've never had a problem keeping myself busy.....
I gotta take care of some business!
I honestly think that the Harry& Caroline jokes are funny but dont you feel a LITTLE bad for her? Imagine how this affects
I want to apologize to on twitter for everybody to see . Sorry
I know, I know!!! Sun is in my future.
Nothing is sexyer than a girl who wants but don't need me
While I've showed several computer classes what Twitter is and how it works, today is the first time I'm doing an *entire* class on it. Eep!
It occurs to me that I stink at tweeting simply because I generally forget about it until I become righteously indignant at something
You wanna hop in this dasent?
Need 4 pop bands for show september 28th @ The Polish Club. Email for details
“Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Vancouver fans still have a bright side: your team may be out of playoffs, but you finally got your goalie situation correct!
you know it. Er day Er day.
#fridayreads finished Troubled Man by Mankell. Sad to see end of Wallander series & it was a satisfying ending.
text me?
FULL SIGNING HELL YEAH
Happiness is health and a short memory.
Ohgod, girlie you got it al wrong, I dont even come close to your cuteness~
Your welcome. We are just trying to bring to light a disease that hasn't gone away.
If you had a mil who would you drop it on.. Pacman or Sugar Shane?
I plan on it. Nothing set in stone yet though..
Yeah Baby!
u sure? let me see it then ;D
thanks for the follow! I hope you find our IP and entrepreneur news helpful :) See you around Boston!
haha-I'm actually on the look out for the bad cop. Interested?
Here it comes again
if that happens again, holler at us, and we will make room for ya! haha
Even 2 years ago for the People shoot.. She looked fine.. Too much Botox
When you have to make a choice and don't make it, that is in itself a choice. William James
I downloaded this tower defence game on my phone and I almost got all of my dragon eggs stolen.
…but less annoying still than those who RT without even having read, thought, formed an opinion about what they're RT'ing!
Coffeescript looks rad. So I guess now is a bad time to learn Scheme??
Some Irrelevant Hater Named iJever Stared Hating On Austin And Calling Him A JB Poser When In Reality He Was
I spent way too much on groceries today.
not bad.
RT : Good read! RT "Xcell Journal Takes Deep Dive in2 Xilinx's Vivado Suite w/ Blue Pearl #FPGA Synthesis article http:/
Take it outside...That's what I almost wish President Obama would do with Boner...take the Speaker behind the woodshed
20 bill for democracy in #Arab spring countries..forthcoming foreign policy decision
Anything and everything...
Boston Entrepreneurs & Executives: Dinner, Feb. 1st - tix $37.00 (great food, people, venue & speaker) -...
i need a new phone lol cant wait to get a new job ugh i hate waiting lol
Ugh hate it when I accidentally save a search!
Monday bud!! Haha
I can't keep up with everything she uses (or so she thinks) :) but I know Pinterest and FB are her favorites.
Congratulations and hats of to all the MRN Chapter Presidents today in training! Investing your Saturday to grow so you can help other grow!
let's hangout. Hilton 4th floor. Library wins!
u had balls to say those things but now that i confront u, ur balls disappear? and u ain't ever apologized to me so that's some bullshit
haha ay you can call me and il do the same with you :D No lie!
Use a condom, and my body.
that's a ton of $$$ great job!! It's going to be all fun from now on--planning and counting down the days to DR.
Don't forget to like your favorite picture for the back of Pasadagavra!
#thatcampgames Photo of 600-day-old hamburger is kinda making me gag.
judging by the way some guys sit, they're the size of baseballs.
Nope. I'm behind a season. I just started watching a couple of months ago on Netflix and I'm almost caught up!
hey how u doing?
love you hahaha casually cruising around right now
good morning Thomas(: hope you have a good day<3
Not sure this counts as a word, but 24/7. Makes my eyes bleed to read it.
what time is the cut off for saying good morning?
TY for following. I look 4wrd 2 getting 2 know u! Have been teaching dyslexics for 28 yrs!
I just don't care anymore.
BUTTER U BETTER FUCKIN LOOK UNDER UR BED AND LOCK UR DOORS AND WINDOWS CUZ I'M GUNA KILL U
Livin like Larry
I know who is!
Experimented with some essential oils this evening. The scent in the apartment reminds me of hippies.
Still remember going to Junior Seau's restaurant many times when I spent time in San Diego as a kid.Hands down the best sports bar out there
Is anyone still here in Myspace land?
as opposed to you not smelling good? Lol
My dad hates every single rapper and rap song alive but yet he loves Nicki minaj and super bass!! Idkk whts wrong with him
I need a drink !
The folks in this town have chosen to buck state and federal laws and claim their own rights to choose the foods the eat. Warms my heart an
oh em gee it was! So sinfully delicious. And so much alcohol lol
on the mount with
Awesome Costumes!
We've arrived! Checking out #krannert now -pretty awesome!
Bucket list #345: Jet ski down the tranquil canals of Vince, Italy.
Ink and paper are sometimes passionate lovers, oftentimes brother and sister, and occasionally mortal enemies. ~Terri Guillemets
Enlightenment is finding that there is nothing to find. Enlightenment is to come to know that there is nowhere to go. Osho Quote -
R.I.P to the legendary whitney houston you will be among us for ever through your music
Scam from ToTo Lottery Malaysia claiming $750K British pounds winner chosen by e-mail, must keep info. from public, Caltex promo says.
come back to Florida
This is why we stress that swimming is an imperative skill for all
Pssst. We're open.
This has been the longest week.
Getting my fitness on at the gym with my boy
my parents registered me in this camp
try going sober at 5pm
I streamlined my Marketing with this Integrated EZ System see...www.Video-TV-Email.com
no im a junior <U+E414> lol
#so to my newbeez
<waves> I can see Z Tejas from my Window
“: $140” you're out for not paying attention. You get the award for trying though.
congratulations on having one of the most beautiful women for ur wife. U the man!!!!!
Having to wake up just to go pay bills sucks 4rl....
Really enjoying the north side mini-maker faire! Shame I can't stay long. /
shoudnt you be in class??(;
So Much Clothing Coming Out For Yall This Summer, It Will Be Crazy
A rainy morning but we are here for you with good music, books, & a big SALE! Dbl Punch drink of the Day is our German Chocolate Mocha!
If you're in BS, you should go to Night Shades.
Dear #Klout, what's the point of sending me perk notifications if they're always full?
I think in n out wld take away this headache.
Not even sure coffee could help me function at this hour.
I got her somethin special this year....
It's safe to sell your home again Given everything they knew about the lackluster housing market, Meghann and Cort Battles didn't expect
>;o) We're also gonna be at the HOPE market (5th/Waller) on Sundays... with donuts AND cinnamon cardamom rolls and also sourdough
I Cried When Mufasa from "The Lion King" died.
One thing I like about Zara is they never out of closet!
That last message was meant to come after the one that began "His eyes were bright..." I am still trying to understand this new technology.
I am not a second class citizen.
no like ever go bad lol ?
#ImThatPersonWho embraces ORIGINALITY AND BEING YOURSELF BECAUSE IMITATION IS WORST THEN MURDER
More social media is the last thing I need in my life. Urgh, so over it.
s/o 2 for puttin me on that "love letter" album!!
Twitter spam bots seem to be really pushing a bi-sexual agenda today.
The sun is trying to come through the clouds..
lol good one
This shit I'm smoking tho some damn fruit
We LOVE Ya we love ya we love ya and where you go we follow we follow we follow
all good.. just trying to finish my cup
Sholl wouldnt mind having a gf I'm not gone go looking I'm gone let her com to me thn I'll no it's gone b long term
Any Drupal folks online who could help a colleague of mine with an odd issue with notifications? Thanks for any help.
Ok the moment has passed #I'm good
will my day be awesome or crapy
We appreciate the love!
Teachers better expect me to sleep in class today cause i am freakin tired.
Where all the thick girls go? o_o
perhaps that email was meant for your evil twin... Happy April Fools?
Yamaha win today! Also set fast lap in the Clone endurance race
Coloring my best friend 's hair. Haha she's one hot bitch.
u voted for me to host a tv show, thank u! I work weekends, today is my friday though, so yay! Hope u have a good week!
My neighbors have 2 roosters who make racket all day! I wonder if I need a hunting permit to take them out with a BB gun?!
word up, def needa #revive that line ha
Closing early today see you all next week
Attempting bacon wrapped chicken. Pretty sure it's hard to screw up but I could be wrong. Worst case.. he gets bacon flavored chicken.
the female condom does indeed exist! here in Chicago, we are trying to spread awareness & increase demand. Follow
Know wht U have 2 do & attach deadlines 2 those tasks. dont waste time constantly having 2 think abt 'what's nxt.'
Food ;] But, I love dum dums!
Be sure you pick up your copy of "Heaven" on itunes or CD Baby
Thanks for following Dirk - love the color of your hair in your bio pic!
#slightlyaddicted to justin bieber
Headed to Nest to kick off #Artrageous!
Can you give some idea what you're talking about?
19 books during a book-buying freeze... *nodding head* yes, I am impressed!
wil lyou please make me very happy and follow me & !!! PLEASE DUDDE!
Watching "Cedar Rapids" just excellent and endearing. Coming of age for adults!
no one ever uses the white crayons ;(
Legacy acts tonight. Including the crowd. Alejandro, now Built to Spill.
Life has presented me with a decision I knew I'd had to make one day. I hate this.
wondering how i am going to walk to walk to the metro in 4 in heels
Who knows more about you: Your family or #Google?
This morning came to my house. Tomorrow they come to zap all the buggies! yay!
Today was such a great day for soccer here, then ESPN gave us
Indians announcers won't shut up about this perfect game. would never do that. crazy
All things #startups & digital in #Charleston #SC , good way to keep up with local news & goings on.
what's most concerning is that you follow
ah, can't stop staring at my icon. he's so freaking lush, I mean, what even is air? <U+2665>
Ooh! For clowns/sideshow, people "harvested on time-travel expeditions"--outrageous costumes, unlikely futures.
and come to mine! (: haha
FUCKING... Spammed me again. I hate you
She & Him
is it possible to watch something british without spotting someone who was on "doctor who" at some point? i don't think so.
Bring it! Allagash all around
uncut dude... a fat hard uncut dick haha!
we are meant for each other #realtalk we both
Going to make sauce and noodles! :D #AmIItalianYet?
Almost time!
You can't put into a chip,what the strength of a human heart can do. That's the difference between man and machine. John Connor,Trmtr Salvtn
Ohio State did stink, but my darn Nebraska Cornhuskers stunk worse. Real Big 10 letdown for both.
Recall created an innovative solution to make sure the right RFID tag is used and it is Six Sigma certified.
The accent and bubbliness in person made a better impression than just a voice in a sad song. I wonder if shes sad now.
hows it going?
C Lo Green Time.
Fellas, eating pussy keeps ur lips soft ;)
#MyFavoriteSongsEver Gin and Juice
10.... is Florida time the same as Ohio..? lol
Weird that I'm jealous of Miss Wisconsin? Not because she won, but because she had a national platform to ask to call her...
holidays are about family together, food is just there. I dont care if it is liver and onions or lobster so long together.
Ha! Never!! I love the MARC train. What's all this fail business about?!
iPod is about to die so bbl luv y'all xoxo
so glad you liked pepper pot soup! served it to his troops & #BestThingIEverAte on
I feel complete just being with you. <3
WAY TO GO JESSY,WAY TO GO
how is NKOTBSB? :) So jealous!
Shit brah nothin posted at the housebut yeah is u tryna do a song or what u tryna do?
So nobody I need to talk to right now is up and sober?!!?
I want a nose ring. Post-exam celebration? You get your haircut and I 'll get a nose ring :)
Haha! RT : don't get all Woodward and Bernstein on him and scoop it for the Post
Heading out to Meet & Greet to visit with new editor Sara!
Follow team take money
#sagaftra #oneunion merger: went 2 info mtg, read docs, saw live streaming & voted 'YES' x 2 today, as proud member of both SAG & AFTRA.
Are you at Carmel yet?
#FF Big thanks to Artists/ Visitors/ Curators for #LikeArt & other exhibitions here:
Tap Takeover tonight w/ from 6-9pm. Live music and beer specials!! Come try some new brews
no problem
Before tonight's #Rockies-#Mets game, Tracy said tonight was "a genuine opportunity for Guillermo Moscoso to make a statement."
I am trying to get outside more today, too. I was inspired by the others last night!
dressing as the Rouge dead guy ale (its a beer) queen! excitedd
Oh hey, Dean's List, nice to be on you.
I completely understand.
Bored at work
I only use twitter when I'm bored lol. Which is often
grape juice? (:
Dear Israel: It's like training dumb animals. When they misbehave, You've got to punish them IMMEDIATELY, Or they don't make the connection.
I need to start packing snacks like
Don't forget about the Little Miss & MisterTexas Topics Regional Finals at Zuma tomorrow morning. We are going to have a blast!!
OMG Too cool! Go into my account and see what I'm presenting to Junior Achievement tomorrow ON MY PHONE!
Welcome New Followers----Just let Stream and You Will Find....
happy birthday, save some brisket for me!
Working in the desert area, I hear the children of the night howling in the desert, (coyotes)
What other office has all the TVs turned to the #RedSox game? One of the perks of working at Go Sox!
skype date at like 2 or 3 your time with me and please say yes!
Rochester winter is much colder than I remember...
Just touched down at LAX
yeah. Sitting pretty at my in laws cabin! Low effort camping...
so wht r we going to do first
On it. You caught me sleeping (literally).
Ah. The projected self-loathing of the police in the morning...
correction: USED TO.... TWO DECADES AGO....LMAO. STOP MAN...LOL.
One more hr then im off for the day gotta go see my baby cheer at there last football game then go home and cook for the fam.
hahahah it's not so easy, is it?!
i just wanna lay down, listen to some good music & let the day pass.
Play that funky music white boy.
Thanks Doug. It's about time we get some powerful patient-centered apps built on Let's get this done in 2012
FTP transfer in process.....maiden voyage of the new site soon to be in progress. Stay tuned for details.
David Viscott~ In the end the only people who fail are those who do not try.
Some parents are way too stubborn. One of my sister's students was sick all last week, but the parent's still took her to school…
I actually will be beg/borrow/stealing tickets this year unless I win mail order lotto. Beer Baron accepts no comps. Mostly.
New Renaissance Records! c:
I knew I couldn't be the only one. I'm a big supporter of social media, but it's hard when it doesn't work the way it should
Hey lady, I've got Adele blaring in my earphones & I can still hear you. Please go back to traveling. I hate your loud voice.
Regents cancel meeting scheduled for UCSF 11/15 based on terrorist logic and claims of "rogue elements" looming.
Saw her on Letterman earlier this week. She sounded great!
(: i WAS IN BUCKLE
Thanks so much... it was a pleasure meeting you and working with you.
Starting to pack up
lessons learned from the transformation of writing from page to screen - entirely new ontology
Getcho pockets up. Big bank take lil bank.
of Twitter now that you've schooled me I can do the same for someone else. Look forward to tweeting thanks again. Tweet! Tweet!
#money I get
I always turn on the tv and my computer at the same time. I can only pay attention to one at a time, but I need both.
I'm not even gonna get mad anymore. I'm just gonna learn to expect the lowest out of the people I thought the highest of.
I have literally never felt more used in my entire life.
Everyone FOLLOW She bad , and she a Stranger .. but follow her !
MODERN DEFINITIONS... DIVORCE: Future Tense of Marriage
tell me about it.
Good morning. Started picking good footage from my music video last night w/Co-Producer Laura Calcaterra. Then it's off to my editor
- Agreed. Who do you have at WR? Last week slapped me in the face with both scoring a total of 7 pts. Ugh.
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action. William James
thanks to all the folks who offered to send me the file to Suspended View. i'm covered!
Without compassion, life is harsh. Today, put yourself in someone else's shoes and love them no matter what.
yeah binks! roll to SF soon.
naw I live in Kentucky now bro but if I was in Houston I would for Waka and 2 Chainz
“: Drunk #Vegas” hell yeah sue get It done
I've never seen a McDonalds or a Burger King under construction. They just show up out of no where…
Drafttek now projects Fletcher to mid-7th round...had a feeling this might happen, it's going to be close
& the Jalex moment died when Tay went & made it all taylex-ish lol let's sink the taylex ship now. (I don't really hate taylex I just joke)
I Dont Have anything against gianna (:
nothin much how you feelin this morning?
Tequila Marinated Skirt Steak and Sangria from last nights Pilates Plus San Diego client appreciation bbq..awesome time guys
And of course the program would not take any of them and they are Required field! I even opened up Photo Shop and re sized all the pics
well i dont really know what to say back to that. I guess i look forward to seeing you next year.
2012 is amazing... The Mayans better be wrong!!!
Happy Cinco De Mayo! It's time to tee up
Indeed! You can see a picture
open face beef or turkey sando w fries or mash
#NowPlaying My Boo - Ghost Town DJ's - The good old days of So So Def(:
haha well I thought I was gunna get to see 's butt for a second.
hell no, i aint racist!
Keeping my fingers crossed!
I feel like everyone has lived or lives on warren......
Dear #EG8 participants: Please do not let these crazy French politicians break the Internet with their lust for conquest & "civilization".
Hell yeah! RT You guys are amazing! <3 WOO you follow me:L
TV night! Woo hoo!
's Founder and CEO Mitchell Reichgut speaking alongside of today 's Case Study Road Show in L.A.
Took me longer to put my shoes and coat back on than to get thru security at DCA #TSATime. In anticipation of long lines, 2 hrs extra here
That's why men are dogs, we don't like y'all cause y'all aren't balanced. We get what we need & 2 fingers. Cont.
Sad thing is if my Madrina would've just let my friends I had be my Chambelanes & damas then we wouldnt have this fucking problem
I have found twitter once again! Hopefully to stay this time! :D
When was the last time you shopped local? Was it for apparel, a gift, or a unique treasure?
me to!
there u go!:)
ok Gwyneth Paltrow- loving the white moment, would have loved more if it was a long sleeved one shoulder instead of a cape
“: your dad is the man”
You're awesome! Let us know that you think!!! :)
Happy Monday! Want to up your productivity, and streamline your workflow? Contact us 866.460.6611
in bed watch movies
love this.
Your words fall upon deaf ears.
Exactly what major demographic is the #nbaallstargame catering to with Nicki Minaj's shirtless male backup dancers?
Smh. might as well not even come bro. you'll get here at 230 and gotta go at 3
I need me some Clif.
WHEN DID NICK NOLTE GET SO OLD?!?!?!?!
Advertise on to over 35k weekly listeners. Great rates. Send info to
Oi, what was that tweet thing from before? I can't remember the name of it.
Absolute Love. Are you Maximum? Agape Love, Godly love, friendly love, charitable love. The meaning of life is constantly learning 2 love.
I need pro tools....!
Was especially cool to see her wife and family's support. Super rad.
hey if you have heard of a site called lockerz and need an invite just follow me ask me for one and you will get one asap
Ugh my stomach... Wtf!
Look what you've done #Np Drake
Ben & Jerry's in general :) Girls know!
(thinks:he never loved me)
I would let someone kick me in the nuts if I never had to talk to time Warner again
RT Will be starting my diet and exercise again tomorrow!
#Consumers > price signals > #food #business > price signals > #farmers. - Mark Muller
Dex is kinda like a conflicted superhero
get the haircut dude...always feels fresh
Yoooooo the power just went out in our dorm!...and girls were really screaming like its the end of the world
It's all shits ad giggles until someone giggles and shits
HEY I JUST MET YOU, AND THIS IS CRAZY, SO HERE'S MY NUMBER, CALL ME MAYBE
Guess I wasnt no help. Smh.
Cheese pie on my mind rite now # yummy :-)
Watching the game at the restaurant... we need this game boys, let's go!!
You're in for a treat, brother...between that & #TheWalkingDead, I'm dreading the end of the season!
Im tired as balls after a seven hour handjob.
I drop a bomb every morning. Sometimes again before lunch.
As if running to make the bus wasn't enough! Now bus driver cracking jokes at our expense?
If we were squirrels I'll put my nuts in your hole. RT if you get it : P
yeah defs bro. Miss you already! Take it easy :)
Natural Areas Association Meeting in Vancouver. Ask about our negotiated rate for the event.
Its so hard to let go of the past if you we apart of it
Mrs CF off on an adventure with her Mom & Sis. Rusty holding down the Fort. Have a great weekend, everyone!
RT : RT : never rocks a set...they perform a show, man shit.
I'm glad you think so :D
if this goes down(very doubtful), then it's a gift from heaven, and the new players introduction should be with a lot of smoke!
Moving to California by car in 2 days and only JUST started packing.
Looking forward to presenting our 19 accepted abstracts this May at ARVO 2011.
Internet Explorer, I hate you more than ever - because you should have your act together by now.
Mark Greene: reallocated 5% of each staff member's time to collection reappraisal.
In that case you'd better keep him!
Lol so what
Train ride at 11:50am and will be arriving Thursday at 5pm. Lawd bless this ass of mine because Im about to be sitting on it for 29 hours!!!
I admire the movie " rab ne bana di jodi" its a nice movie I love the idea of movie and I love the king <U+2665>
RT The party is at an African restaurant. That's just awesome.
we were just glad to make them! Thank you for the order!
My little Reese is such a blessing!
If it's too late for love to change your mind, then it's goodbye time.
Today's Boot Camp at Noon at Titans Gym Cleveland has been cancelled.
I might hurt somebody feelings and they gone wanna fight me Ima have to hit that " I'm jus playing "
West lib next event re intellectual property trademarks copyright
SLAYING ALL Dream Killers !
stayed in when i should've been out. had i gone out i wouldn't have remembered to shut the power down for an hour and i'm afraid of the dark
i do but he doesnt seem to listen. i know hes teething also but it sucks
THATS WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT!!!
These niggas r dumb.....
RT - Was up 2 dem REAL MIAMI Dolphins FanZ dats still up
Hey everybody! How are u? I hope all of you momma's had a wonderful Mother's Day! <3
I cant wait for christmas woo hoooooooooo
COUPLE OF TABLES FOR COCO TOMORROW NIGHT IN XO !!!! ALMOST SOLD OUT !!! 700 PEOPLE SHOWED UP LAST WEEK EXPECTING TO SELL OUT 210-789-9079
Ok, stop raining now. Thanks.
And Professor Bhatia use to smoke cigars.... BOO YEAH
S/O
DUDE!!!! IN STOKED!!! Time to ROCK together again :)
=D im proud of you for saying that
You are so nice! Thank you. My site that I am playing w/this week is Helloslide. Slides are narrated in a british voice. Its fun!
Thanks very much
Be sure to not miss this-great live music friday!!!! RT : Don't miss The Cries Of... live Fri night!
uh oh!!! No more in and out burgers for BG anymore???
TS and I are great friends :)
hey , i must have huffed too much of the c-60 yesterday. i was high as shit watchin the penz game last night.
Yes, it's true! --> RT #funfact I'm an Ordained Minister... so, if you're getting married give me a call!
yay!! Can't wait to see you too (: it's gonna be great!
follow me back sekou
I can't remember the last time I actually did my homework..
To succeed in business, to reach the top, an individual must know all it is possible to know about that business. – J. Paul Getty
Tip of the day: If you want to be patient then alls you got to do is go fishhng
I'm rite hurr
FAFSA# Silver Lining? Taxes will be done before the boys of summer# are back!
I actually want that gig. Who has to persuade anyone to be interviewed? People love to hear themselves talk.
Tonight's show is only $8! Address is 9719 W. Broadway Pearland, TX.
listening to "Home" by Edward Sharpe & The Magnetic Zeros on Pandora. Song from NFL commercial. Great Tune. thx guys.
right??? they're fucking good!!!!
Someone please give this girl a carmel apple!
I don't think any girl can take her place
Got the Incredible today. Gonna sell my Droid.
Wow did we really just wake up...
that's what i'm talking about!! it's about time, LA!! ;)
everyone does who watches nick does her and victoria justice
A crazy 2 week schedule with travel - starting today!
Floyd Mayweather is getting his ass beat right now
2011.07.02 #Brewers 8 #Twins 7 | Given up for dead / Roenicke moves chess pieces / Plush keys wild win
Best entertainment bets for May 6-10
dame girl the older you get the sexyer you get what ever you doing keep doing it baby girl
that time I felt it it was genuine
DON'T FORGET! is going to be tomorrow night! Great seats still available!
GET REMOVED
and my room wasn't even that dirty u ass kisser
I hate when I grab the side of my computer and the CD slot opens. Fucker.
awww... Makes me miss my pup... How you feeling? Going to be at SNS?
Mrs. Edwards is assigning homework like it's the end of the god damn world
sorry i got on Tweet Limit on NicksgitlyoyoxD LOL nd Yes i Love Boy Shoes :)ILYShawty<3
Welcome home!
Seriously... Have slept in everyday... So annoying
Dropped my iPod on the tile floor AGAIN
Workforce: tension of building a "creative workforce" within business hierarchies. Community volunteerism is one way
when the fuck you started following me anyways dude im fina just block yo goofy ass i refuse to see you down my tl
do I know u?
I used to respect wade. But he admits to taking the backseat to prince James. Chalmers, Haslem, Bosh, Battier. Fuck them.
going to ur concert on sunday!!
I was wondering where these hives came from...
that's funny. don't suck
the PER is calculated using specific program created by south Korean chimps & Mexican boxing mice migration patterns
where r u?
who uses mental models (indi young style) as a starting point for ux design? i'm experimenting w/ a client. some +'s/ some confusion.
Wedding gown has arrived. Thank you Amy Michelson and Kleinfeld's!
One of my worst traits is that I always find the MOST inappropriate times to laugh.
RT Time is money
yep, love that guy.
not for u
If you have been dying to work for me and just never had the chance, well here ya go.
Ditto to all of that! RT : I LOVE IT!! #GoRebels #LetsRun #thankgodforgarlicfries &
Jlo is still famous? Good god...
Good luck! I am writing two DOE grants this week, too. Can't wait until the deadline!
If you are wondering what Rad Bandz are, they are the next big thing from the creator of Silly Bandz. Check back here often for new info
expo tonight at the BCA, held by Stock up on all your baby needs :)
hey thanks for the follow man. Did you see we uploaded videos to our YouTube. Our harbor haunt show
what an incredible day to be out & about!! make jane one of your first stops for all things summer clothing on this awesome day!! xo
Recording drums for a new tune!
RT : The good news is I just ate a jellybean I found on the ground of our apartment. The bad news is it was a tiny ball of Pla…
would love to have on on tomorrow to talk about your piece on Romney.
so so so much respect for after the scale inciddent
Called the # but the guy who answered told me it was just for tech support. No sales. :-( So I sent an email to the sales folks.
Yeah....I am not sure it could have gone much better. Fun week!
omgg! Your so pretty!
Also, I just finished the last season of The Sopranos for the first time. Phenomenal stuff. Not Wire status, but still great.
Who seeks shall find.
Wait. So... Jason Biggs isn't Jewish?
Thanks! The menu sounds delicious. Have fun!
weights and speed
Pesticide free & sustainably farmed vineyards using biodynamic & organic methods is a must.Take pride in what you drink!
you're welcome. August sounds like a plan to me, Eric! Excited to connect again!
This is relaxation. Port, newspaper and great discussion about the #world and art.
Recently found in Reference Universe: Thomas Jefferson as Watermelon Gardener, in the Encyclopedia of Food and Culture
me too!
Back to my favorite past time. Hating on people in Fondren Library.
Got an ice cream cake just because I can. Awww yeah it's #jerzday!
Whats up everyone? I see the S/O's love my fans!
... and many more! Thank you for introducing Userlytics' new White Label version!
UK confident on bank reform despite EU row
I think you're averaging 20 words s day :)
's Celebrity Couples Therapy? Really? Really?
How fun. Beautiful day for it. Our school doesn't seem to do many field trips at all past kindergarten. :(
you better check your PO box before you move to miami! (;
The Avengers featuring Ralph Fiennes as Captain America and Uma Thurman as Black Widow.
I'm road-tripping down in a month or so. Maybe I can make some good cash re-selling Hubig's...?
Republicans do what they do best to slow economy down to make potus and dems look bad.
Feeling this
That's right waffle buddies, the same house-made salted caramel goes right from our Stumptown lattes into your blood stream.
Nominees Announced for the 2012 MTV Movie Awards
What is done in the dark comes to light
It's the final day of #NADA2012! will speak & will present the keynote!
every Sunday night, when Im doing geology homework, i think about Monday that I have to spend 4 hours just looking at rocks......
it's absolutely not for me but what else am I supposed to do? I just feel stuck.
Cheshire you're loved loved one's cause u never know when they will be taken. R.I.P to my grandma and my son Nasir
Try the new S.O.W."the masterpiece": Bunzel's pepperoni, fresh mozzarella, baked and then topped with fresh oregano. You deserve it.
great day to be a #Laker fan!! yeeee
It's not only a matter of when to do things, but whether or not to do them at all.
It's Hard to Be Hatting With 21 hats !/:
ok so love and hip hop finale then ti and the bgc i need a laugh when this show come on lmao
Collin just finished producing a fun music video for over the weekend! Turned out great! Now on to post production.
last one in the office again :x
Cheney heart transplant could have been from a Progressive - the horror!
Dancing to pitbull with nick and his mom <3
"all day, all week. occupy, wall street.". -clergy at #FoleySquare #N17! shout out to GNYRL Rabbi Feinberg
Seeing the kids be so bright eyed & happy to take a few pictures was really touching ugh* Family is everything when you have a good one
"A few moments later, The BBC showed video of a man covered in what looked like the filling of a pie in the custody of a police officer."
It feels a heck of a lot better to be the last person on the earlier train than the first one on the next.
That's gorgeous. It's gray and rainy in Boston, but at least warm! (Uh, in the 50s, that is.)
I dont care if u was michael phelps my ni**a..one of the illest lines
hehe I thought about adding that :)
Jason & Luke tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Rap name: Coochie Boy~
Report back. My 2nd was William Gibson. RT : I got David Foster Wallace. I'm going to try it again.
Monster block by Joel Anthony
Well, I still have a fever, my best friend had an ectopic pregnancy, & a friend of mine died. All in one day? Really?!
Everyone check out www.Hairysock.com A House collaborator with Jewelry on display in our next event, Dipsomania
Totally...classier and more impactful.
Did he? That's awesome!!
If I was spiteful I would burn his SnapBack lmao
I need to start looking for a summer job.
'Look at all these well-dressed well-hair cutted chaps.'
jinx on you punk. You owe a pepsi
Homework... Uhh can I just do it another day.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Here we go frogs!
you're the best!
AM Assoc of Museums: Large scale static exhibits that promote imagination is what kids (5-9) remember best yrs later.
when they won nationals and they went back to school... I was crying so much you would've thought my dog died
Monroe County Legislator, #ROC Firefighter and Haircut Artist, Willie Lightfoot is on discussing his the news on the Gold For Cash robbery.
That is fantastic. I love the "may be open to cricitism" part
sorry about that sweaty hug.
I HAVE to have this vacation soon! It's a month away too long.. I'm one pissy fuck.
Not impressed w/ this article, annoying. Gonna sleep for three hrs and finalize it. #nighttwitter :)
I'm talking about historical visualization at University of Maryland's MITH/HCIL Digital Dialogues Tues. at 12:30 if you're in the DC area.
My birthday is tomorrow. Wow it's going to suck.
Everyone has his day and some days last longer than others. ~ Winston Churchill
i am a bike thief
Heading down to DC today by train to meet with the First Lady Michele Obama!
OH MY FRICKING MOOSE EGGS. i cant get over how much i friggin love this song!! kjgbjhrtwgbjhrwtbghjwrtbghbt gahhh
Good Estate Planning helps you sleep easy at night. We make it easy and affordable for you! www.thompsonlegalfirm.com
Good morning Twitterverse! Take a minute today to check out Nine, Falls End, and Stage Fight. Good Stuff!!
R: Ben tweets a lot. I'm going to try to keep up. But that means I'll have to watch the Brewers, which doesn't seem like a lot of fun
My last rt petty as fuck
It is that silly picture of you and your girl at the club, I think it is on your fb too, with your zebra pants on! Lol
and i never will
yup I'm going!
AIN'T NOTHING WRONG WITH CRYING WEN U HURT JST DNT DROWN IN UR TEARS.
100 days till FL Primary. Grassroots candidates are in desperate need of help. Give 'em a hand and get incumbents voted out
Saw a tweet under an gig tweet. Brain conflated them and I was really excited for a second
I really enjoy your system. My recommendations are sincere.
David Wiley: Education is sharing.
The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
when you get old you'll understand.;)
that does not surprise me at all. The whole "pink hat" thing was created for you, after all.
you got an iPhone????? Your parents love you.
all I want right now is to have a cute boy to cuddle with in bed while we listen to this thunderstorm. #AGirlCanDream. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><U+2601>
Beth Kelly Rules the School!! Thanks so much for your donation and your support!!
Playing a $150 re-entry at Nicks Shark Tank 23K from 17K starting stack. Seeing a lot of lol bad live plays. Standard open is like 5x lol
#infoicouldveusedanhourago RT : Today's game has been postponed. Rescheduled info to follow shortly.
i think tuesday..and i know i want one so bad haha!
On the bus to West, sitting next to Paula Hane from Info Today! More later...
Wondering if I should have have another cup 'o joe...
“: Boys go after ladies for what they look like, Men go after ladies for who they are”
Job interview today ! Woohoo
oh really? ;)
Beth coined the word Breastaros to more accurately describe the kingdom in
No, but it does start with an m. It's also a secret.
got hit on by a dude at the Lez Zeppelin concert tonight
yea thats dope
I will NEVER EVER believe another word that comes out your mouth!!!
Dedicated Clevelander who hauled her butt to work this morning, despite closures left and right. Now as for the getting home later part...
um..who said you were going to do that??!!
_ yikes. it's time for a paradigm shift. let's get some classroom teachers and librarians into this discussion.
High-performing supercapacitor electrodes made from self-organizing cobalt ... - Nanowerk LLC
god girl :)
People I love and respect!
thank you, makin moves!
I was in Miami, FL.
KEEP IT GOIN
Being me is a full time job. Sheesh! Back to the lab!
What's the best email to get in touch with you BP?
great work at #innotechsa Beta Summit.
no. I've been hacked. Have to change my password and stuff. :(
So. Go follow us on Twitter.
Beach tomorrow! Ready to get my tan on!;)
2012 NFL Draft Grades | NFL Draft Wizard
Don Rickles, you are a legend, sir.
Thanks for the RTs.
I don't know, and I don't defend Obama's more intrusive government policies.
I have not been in a strip club since Vegas 2003.
SIKE...she not da type ...to be a wife...she get a pass...JUST for da nite.
Hey, I just met you! This is crazy, so here's my number so "Call Me Maybe"<U+2755>=======> 901-555-8769!
Dear bro-in-law : If I asked to tweet profanities @ u and he did it, could that count as your xmas present?
2Unlimited- Pumping up arenas since 1992
my friend who I just showed that tweet to said: "you have fun friends"
Louisville! We expand our network of sponsors! Are you interested get in contact with us!
Hello,good-day,and How the hell are ya~! #RSA It's been a busy 2 weeks for me.#TryingtogetitalldonebeforeScotlandEpisodes~! So excited~!~
who is dying? :) In my opinion, I think #blogging will always be around until the internet itself is dead (more)
Blue-faced #Hoyas in Leo's…I sense something athletic happened.
Hey Andrew looking forward to your next NYC event.
Used all 12 votes on double d
Should be interesting, looks like a piano duo tonight.
It was kinda awesome when Robin Meade said "TIT" on HLN news this morning! Go Robin, you are hot!!!
Love crimes
Well folks, as of this very day I am now officially 20 years old
great job! No more white pants and light blue shirt. Pass it on to Dustin and Rose
Error establishing a database connection---this is the message from The Handheld Conference
Radio this am had ppl call in with stories of drunken friends. , needless to say none would crack your top 5 even
lol indeed u are, u always had a way of denying the fact that I would b right I think that burns u up inside. Lol
Edits on edits on edits.
ha, you've heard me sing then
Never try to Buy someone's Love! If they can't love you for who you are or for what you have or don't have, then they don't deserve You!
Remember how hard it is to change yourself
BINGO! Point for Julie
Girl wearing a snap back and holding a paper plane!...
thank you, we put them out for people to enjoy and learn. :)
How I'm feeling right now I'm just gonna start fucking bitches left and right and treat they ass like dirt.
It's growing back tho!
Nothing wrong with that. I always pull for them.
I AGREE with this 1000000%
Awe such a cute lil fractal, takes after his grandpappy.
yeah until it pops in ur face and u won't come off !:)lol
LOL! It was a lot of pink! But there was orange too, but the lighting was weird..Go if you are in LA! It was really fun! xo
#20ThingsAboutMe I Give Second Chances Even If Another Thinks Its not Deservered
Uhm, until recently it was trolling people at SXSWi on Twitter. But I'll have updates on more productive endeavors soon.
currently coloring in the lines (; lmao
I'd bash your brains in if you had any! - Moe Howard
The only thing that overcomes hard luck is hard work. -Harry Golden.
Mama is coming to Chicago tomorrow for mothers day weekend!!! Going to pop a couple bottles and have a classy night on the town!
especially since said 13th anniversary isn't until February. Must have careful unrushed decision ;)
i'd kill the bird
S/o to !#BearsFAM<U+2190>FOLLOW A
Im watching my gf sleep! She is the single most beautiful woman Ive ever seen! Im such a lucky man!
What's your drink of choice, ?
always acts like brat now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
nope; turkey quesadillas!
I have never understood people attacking other students coming from the library. Do you get a high from hurting people?
Re: the future Roy Rosenzweig CHNM, a huge thanks to whose renaming efforts have made extreme sports look boring and easy.
cornbread for the win!
I'm feeling Iowa state will have a chance to win this game, whether they capitalize on it or not will be the question
as I am sure can attest, it was beautiful! Oh and I'm So glad Bubba is feeling well!! :)
I can dig that, still u & I have no idea what it's like to have media unscrupulously distort our image...
#ILikedYouUntil I found out the real u.
OK, the palio diet kind of went out the window this week.
mock shock :O
Thank you! ^_^
me oh myy.
I should try that
Stacking my chips so me and my ol lady can dip.
Wonderful. from my team will reach out to you to set something up. Looking forward to your feedback.
omg me too! I have this + a huge box of korres stuff ordered a month ago I have yet to try! #product.hoarder :)
Every day is Friday!
thanks for the heads up! I'm going to get some stuff tonight!
Dear people who update their Facebook status every 10 seconds, There's Twitter for a reason.
Clarkie Sacked Madness
Vegas, baby!
At this point, will punch himself out by the 5th round. Slow down, son ! will knock you out soon enough !
I've worked for both genders, either way some good, some not so good, it starts with right intentions, not xx or xy
I don't think I was the one that left the creepy-breathing voicemail..
planning ahead pays off every time
Yay, you're a publisher now! RT : If you retweet things, then you are a publisher! I wonder if anyone will RT this?
thanks for the mention!
Wow! If that's not a flagrant foul on Green, I don't know what is. Terrible non call.
Good Night! :)
oh no sorry to hear that. hope you are feeling better :-)
oh yea? Haha
thank you baby:)
Brutal. RT : RT : Baron Davis had successful surgery to repair partial tear of patella tendon & full tears of ACL/MCL.
i love you so much <3
Laurie Goodman - #credit is an issue in midtier financing.
Gourmet Organic Green Tea you’ll enjoy the best of all worlds. www.lhobbs.organogold.com
He bak to the one i kno all smiles:-)
Here in Florida, the coconut palms are shivering this morning.
We're thinking that this Tuesday seems like a domestic draft beer kind of day. How about you? Grab one at #Fridays for just $2!
cafe sua to start which tasted like a werthers candy, apring rolls, and a shrimp, chick, BBQ pork, and beef combo over rice .
I just saved a bunch of money by switching to single.
Well this color was a fail..oh well I'll try it again in month
And I think Iceland regained it's independence from Denmark Will ;)
I MISSED U
I am constantly impressed by how bothered I am by trucknuts...
I will have to check that out
how much is TCAP worth for middle school grade? is it 10 or 15%
Wow! today = ridiculous adventure! Funny how experiences can be felt as frustrating vs laugh out loud hilarious depending on perception.
al i want for christmas is you ;)!
Need a vacation after the vacation...Scottsdale you're alright with me
thank you and please ask your friends we are behind at the moment and it ends today
I hate it when I say something funny, and then some bitch says it louder and gets all the credit.
When the student is ready, the teacher will appear. ~ Ancient Buddhist Proverb
oh wow your cool haha :p jk
#NP Like Crazy
Nothing says "spring" like a quiet evening on the patio by the pond and gnats in your wine.
Thx to all those who helped make 2011 an amazing year! We're looking fwd to 2012!
I still trip out when I think about that time he gave Courtney Love a ring and a marriage proposal.
: #Tswizzle played "Iris" WITH lead singer of goo goo dolls last night. I CANT WAIT TO SEE A VIDEO!!!!
A big thank you from everyone here at Lola VFX!
OK tweeps, here we go! At 185 followers now. Help us get to 200. That person gets $20 free clothes cleaning at EcoClean! Pls RT
Samuel just did his first run wit me. 1 lap around lake Montebello, over a mile, he did it in his chucks like rocky. Proud of him.
Dropped 3rd strike before they scored. Bummer!
That's why we all must walk in humility and the love of Christ. Love u sis stay n touch
The Brooklyn Bridge weighs 60,000 tons and is 5,989 feet long.
WAS. 20 Years ago. And never convicted. But hey, that shouldn't stop anyone taking his money eh? Simply because it's there.
#Nuggets pressing up double digits with less than a minute left
haha omg shannon
I took like 15 shots that night or some what close lol
I was just bored though. Nothing serious bro
hello my sisters! Blessings!!
TEET ME ! :D TWEET ME ! :D FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW <3 TWEET <3 FOLLOW <3 TWEET ME <3 XX
Queen Chief says she'll answer any ? about her tribe. "If it ain't your business I'll tell you so!" LOL!
it is actualy for my Cat I am not putting her in gas so I guess she's getting a hair cut
Attorney Rob Corry says he feels confident heading into hearing asking for injunction for CU's crack down on 4/20 day smoke out.
Why do I feel like I'm watching a Sony commercial? I'm expecting Jim Nantz to pop up with a new sony tablet
lol yea I kno bra.. Would have been koo
the guy living next to me has begun to sing, clap, and dance. none of it is quiet or subtle.
I pre-ordered Hawley's new album & am looking forward to it. Wonder when it will arrive here, though. It's an import here.
No it wouldn't becuase she is a thing not even an animal! :D
So excited for my dentist appointment today. :-/
yea I bet y'all do!
The weekend is almost here! Is anyone out there planning to visit us?
Taco Bell Godzilla integration example? And this is good? I just vomited in my mouth. Check please!
MT cnnbrk: Senate votes to not give themselves and the people who pay lobbyists more taxes; no one surprised.
Didn't know that sponsored rickie's rookies at miller park...
went hunting today. didn't see anything, but good times were had. oh well.. maybe I'll try again in a few weeks with a bow.
Ellen DeGeneres and John Mayer in one show.. At the same time..? #perfect #dying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>
Go to charm city cakes :')
Someone from Korea should hook me up with some merchandise...
does he fart rainbows?
Too many up and coming acting students believe acting is simply a matter of “becoming someone else” and reciting the lines as given....
First time going to the movies in 16 months. Weird.
I never understood why ppl take pics of them "sleeping " when they're not actually sleeping??
thanks for the follow!
Totally jealous of anodyne's ipad register!
Getting colder! Currently it's 78F and Partly Cloudy
Mark 5:41 He took her by the hand and said to her, "Talitha koum!" (which means, "Little girl, I say to you, get up!").
Your eyes always tell a story
RT CORRECT! RT So "accepted" is just "camp nowhere" just a decade later. Correct?
Congrats Sheriff2B: IA testified Garcia always withholds evidence of innocence. AG Ct appeals agreed.”
I WANNA PARTY WITH YA
#M2W Conference (@ Chicago Cultural Center, Chicago)
I dont want that one that i can live with i want that one that i cant live with out
It begins on the 1st of July and ends on the 10th
Fantastic. Very Best Wishes to all of the exhibiting artists, their galleries, and to those who get the chance to visit the shows
Wondercuts on vets right near lakeview is the best!!
Spot trending now in Los Angeles, CA: Pig'n Whistle - Pub (live updates)
got your graduation announcement or whatever that thing is. It looks good! Very proud of you Stove! You made it a long way!
#Salon Interior Thoughts: Lighting is huge in a salon. Lighting is everything. We say incandescent all the way! What are your thoughts?
Hi friends. All moved in and out of the old apt - finally! Now just to get everything put away...
I would love to come back, hppefully it happens someday! We should stay and party this time!
I'll try to swing by set and say howdy!
You can't just eat an entire box of lime popsicles for dinner...or can you?
I have a lot of hookups there.
Forum Update: Self-Driving Car in Cadillac<U+0092>s Future - DETROIT <U+0096> Cadillac is road testing a semi-autonomous technolog...
WOAH I WAS JUST ABOUT TO SAY THAT ABOUT YOU!!! Weird...o.e
ahaha looks like it lol :D
October 10, 2009, at MLK Library from 10 AM - 5 PM. More info to come.
check out established start up working in proven field with complex views. Oh, and we rock!
I hate it. I hate it so much. This is like the third racist undergrad THING this school year. I just can't even.
Dying laughing at w/ his pepper spray incident
Impromptu tea party with the kids - Hannah added 2 drops of "happily ever after" to the milk.
Don't forget to pick up a Ruth's Gift Card or a Foodie Indy Deck - great for stocking stuffers!
I think we have a winner with this one
I'll definitely do that!
Great #affiliate programs avail 4 #fantasy football Blogs. Make money & refer your followers to a league where u play vs real legends
expanding #Wikipedia re: c18 & c19 periodicals = best use of my #dissertation research to date (bonus: closing the editing gender gap)
terrible terrible choice
Don effing Draper.
To be or not to be an a**hole. Isn't that the real question?
Is this year going to see a 20th anniversary re-release of "Passenger 57: Snipes on a Plane"?
Hi Les - Thanks for the follow. Best of luck.
JUSTIN DREW BIEBER MALLETTE <U+2665> FOLLOW ME (:
and i got a gf
That feeling when someone you've known a long time discovers someone you've respected for a long time.
thank you!
Kitty like fish!
MA peeps: use the link from my last tweet to get $20 for $10 at Grasshopper, and I could get mine for free. Join me for awesome food!
I think you just read my mind! Although it turned out to be a cheeseburger w/fries kinda day.
My goal in life is to be as good of a person as my dog already thinks I am. Author Unknown
Yo babay is serenading me on the radio. <3
more #ASTD chapter leaders it was gr8 2 c at #ASTD2012: AND MANY OTHERS!
I have class right now, I'll write you a private message later today. Finding it hard to construct at thought in 140 words.
- 3 hour status mtg is crazy. You gotta start using to track items and status and get rid of the mtg.
Without democracy there's no true justice no true democracy without a middle class. Remember when a politico blurts out "class warfare"!
extra super! Love the peach and lychee ;)
with all do respect, the record is 7-0-0 after last night.
FML NOT LOOKIN FORWARD TO A GOOD FUTURE FOR THE YANKEES IN THIS POSTSEASON
Bookshare celebrates a decade of innovation! They were initially motivated by the need to change the lives of people with disabilities.
Can't wait until Sunday. Not because of Xmas. I just can't wait to watch D Rose beat up on the lakes.
No, I'm pretty sure your a slut
Nigga needs a job so I can make that money!
good-luck! We know you'll do great! RT : Thanks! Wish me luck ;-)
Cold as ice - B.O.B
Me: Congrats to Weaver on his no hitter! Friend: Now they have 2 no-hitters, Weaver and Pujols
Do you watch Teen Mom 2? What did you think of the girls last night?
My day was spent driving all over LA (from the Valley to Santa Monica to Pasadena and finally downtown) with a few auditions in between.
RT : The web is no longer open now that a few entities have indexed it all. It is now *their* network. Don't believe the "open" hype!
"We have to get past" adversarial nature of realtionships between young men & youg women -Andrew Levack
Yesterday it was Newt Gingrich bots, today it's Wal-Mart bots. The twitter spam never ends.
Dead Again was the #1 movie this day in 1991. That sounds scary.
About to watch on the #Letterman 30 year anniversary show!
Rookie "you know what we get to do today-- we get to play baseball". Enjoy your job, everyone will benefit.
Not gonna happen. We got this
My teapot and tea infuser are in CO, so I am brewing chai tea with a colander & a mixing bowl...
but I have sprint dohhh
waaah what? I have lots to cry about too :)
maybe 20 pounds of pads? Also that dude just said 'have a blessed night' to the ranger.
haha well next time. :)
who put this much gin in my cup?
Had a great weekend, but now I am exhausted!
remember that life is full of ups and downs, and without the downs, the ups would mean nothing.
If the comparison is to the 2011 Milwaukee Brewers, agreed.
Mix up your workouts to stay interested! Last week I did the following workouts: 1. ran 2. elliptical 3. kickboxing 4. cycling 4. weights
#tweetyourweight 173.5 - out of clever jokes for the morning, ask again later.
Ha. RT Sweet remix. If I were UW, I'd tell kids to go ... because if you tell them NOT to do something ... failure occurs.
What would you do for a klondike bar?????
Tomorrow after 2p we need to chat-would u rather have someone Call u or text? Im a texter, cept for my mama.
Shout out to have the best tweet ever just click follow <------
I want one. I hope you pick me.....
Eva J's ghost is totally going to be haunting people because of this.
Very true!
Im glad I work at Fedex now. Just another escape from campus every night.
Haha my teacher just told me I have two free days just made my day.
awesome, thanks!
twitter been wack lately
is definitely my favorite chef on the food network <3
": ": kids drinking hand sanitizer to get a buzz? " u know that would be easy to get in the Infield...just sayin
fasho imma b gettin @ u in a sec bro
And it won't be a plain ol' Tweet...there will be chicken-tastic TwitPic attached!
Thanks for the retweet! Eval of impact varies widely: trad assessment of learning; student/community eval surveys; qual evidence
from chhe mailbag: "mr. klingler, thanks for coming to our school to talk to us about the holocaust. it was interesting. ps you are cool."
Since 8th grade I waited for this day...
Not touching this with a ten foot pole...
LOL you better remember
anyone bowling good? Making money?
Goodbye twinkies. I'm sorry you didn't last in my presence for very long.
Why is it news that doesn't like Nickelback. Nickelback doesn't even like Nickelback.
we'll always answer :) midnight.
#HERESTOALL You cant stop the waves but you can learn to surf
#celebrityapprentice poor Dayan, I think she is going to be fired D:
morning baby love u!
Today in backhanded compliments: was just told "thank you for your little bit of analysis". I love keeping my audience riveted!
TBH??... I'm turtle necking right now...
Don't be surprised when I wipe the floor with your face<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3>
So the distinction you make is correct. We try to allow these questions to be raised rather than indoctrinate
all those poor raccoons and wombats. When electrified their hair stay straight for hours!
Happy Earth Day weekend!
If I treated you the way you treated me, you would hate me.
RT : We have the greatest mentors on earth. Melissa rocks!
What kind of team paraphernalia are you wearing? Get the #ChevyGameTime app and answer trivia for a chance to win Chevys.
Ready to get all these plans rolling - spring will do that to you!
it's so fucking annoying.
If I go out of my way to hold a door open for you, please acknowledge that I did something nice for you.
travis barker on the drums >>>
Whiskey for the soul.
BIG Congrats! You have made our lives easier! Keep up the good work!
Bonnie's voice puts Alicia to shame. Just my opinion.
Hurt feet, beyond tired, tons of shopping bags
Sweet RT, thanks!
Looking to meet some kool people in the city RT
Fellas do you ever go to a girl's house & pee in the corner of the toilet to prevent the loud noise? I know I'm not the only one!
Do you say pop or soda?
wow, good job! I want to try it!
Ppl over think too much... just take one step at a time!!!
I keep telling him I wanna kno but he doesn't believe me. He thinks I'm asking for someone else
RT : Ready for tonight for some typical nonsense with
Oh Bob.
Selena Hit Justin?, no no selena hits lights, silly people!
Good day all we are 2weeks away 4rm #BrownRiceComedy coming back to the MIamiImprov Thur,Feb. 23 W/
Easy: Install Ubuntu.
I miss our summer interns. Thanks for checking in Brittany! <3 you!
Shit I was going to let myself do it after having an idea for like six months. Haha.
"The more powerful and original a mind, the more it will incline towards the religion of solitude." (Aldous Huxley) Thanks to
: hey how are u
i love this song too!
Pink Floyd UmmaGumma on the player right now!
at least you have a the closest one to me is 2 hours away in Phoenix! #prescottAZ please!
You got it! Steve was hosting the Homes for Heroes ribbon cutting and did a great job.
What have you done to amuse me lately?
~ from where?
I was post to be typing my research paper.
thanks for the support ;)
Nice going ! With Mother's Day around the corner, it seemed like a perfect moment to attach women, didn't it? What a cheap attempt!
I still can't believe is following me. So cool :) Now if only I could get a follow from
Steve and Laurie have tied the knot!
If 1Mil can buy you a Fortress-Mansion in Pakistan I think all these rich folks here in the states have got it all wrong.
holy shiznit dude you are awesome...ty ty and ty!!! That was supper sweet!
yes, but it's fair game, i creeped on his earlier
you fags can both blow me
Looks like a great production. Wish we were closer!
hey guys!! xx
every one follow my boy
Wow...I thought of 6...I wonder why!?
babies are so cool
you know what sweet? The fact that I have a cd with awesome songs on it made by specially for me
This Saturday from 2-5 come join us for a pumpkin carving contest... Then at night at Valhalla for the BIG Halloween party!
Excited to see the steady influx of registrations--a great mix of folks! Join us: virginia2012.thatcamp.org
you need a hug?
yup. It was huge today. There were a bazillion people.
These mothafuckas are serious about that shit...
Enter to win an iPad at tonight's opening -- 7-10pm, SECCA, 750 Marguerite Drive. Music, performance, 3 shows. Free/cash bar.
RT : Kim Miskowicz's Super 8 film hand-cranked thru the projector, recreates a demented Internet, ON FILM, incl. Google Street view.
Definitely had the most interesting argument with my father sparked by me watching "Keeping up with the Kardashians!" So unnecessary!
Really? Do you have an example to share? It sounds very neat.
People who inspire me>>>>>>>
definitelyy but a lot of crying haha i think they turn permanently red from it for awhile hah
I've been playing monster ranchers so much lately, But honestly I'm just coasting until #D3. Then I can die happy
“: Me n myme say hurry fo we strtn cheating lmao”/damn rite we bout to step out
Fyi: Nene is the highest paid on the show racking in $1million every season...and Phaedra is the lowest paid
I didn't it was painful though, & thank you! (:
Man's real life is happy, chiefly because he is ever expecting that it soon will be so. -Edgar Allan Poe
Playing old school Blades of Steel
smart,educated,articulate,beautiful and have that intoxicating southern accent.Thx and I look forward to your next interview
GRILLED FLATBREAD Caramelized Onions, Ricotta, Spinach and Pine nuts
lets see how the rest of the day goes and i wish they will get me out of class to tell me where i go tonight after school
Clutch is coming to Milwaukee's Eastside and we promise to blow your mind away!
I hope she makes you happy...
I'm Face-tweetin right now. I'm cool!
I have! When we went to LA we did Karaoke! The videos are on my wall somewhere lol. I put on a hell of a performance! Haha
and Kit look so natural together on ... Forget Billy? : D
Executive Order Change of Plans for Wednesday Networking ride Forecast is 74° and sunny!
he strikes again...when u least expect it.
Only a few tickets left for 2morrow's performance of "Don Quijote." Join us for a great family show!
is cooking deux croque madames. No fire alarms yet.
Cocktail of the day: the pisco sour. The national drink of Peru has arrived and we can't stop sipping. Frothy, tart, and herbaceous.
I love you
Thanks for the follow. What prompted it?
NJ will get it done RT If u asked me the chance the flyers won this game I'd say realistically 10%
Congrats on the xxl post!
my goal is words with friends is not to win. Rather I want the most inane, low scoring words possible
Yea my friends too! Oh... and I don't like kimchi. GASP!
good paying bills how was the date ?!
thx for sharing this awesome song! True #soulmusic can't wait to hear more!
Thanks for the mention! I hope to get the site launched soon :)
It *was* interesting.
Don't touch me, just fix me.
Curious.. How do Americans go about shopping for healthcare plans? Which company's are least expensive but have best coverage?
We're having 'real talk,' according to Man just made comment that convo based on 20yo book is misguided.
haha love the Slp world! We're all related!
Im recording this week so excited.Im at an organic coffee shop on hollywood blvd. Im trying not to drink coffee before recording.
it was, how did it even started? lol
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> I miss my niece nd nephews....
yup. I'm a big McDonald fan.
no, they were a BYOB submission. If you click the link, it'll take you to the blog that posted them. Sorry =(
Getn ghost early in the morning
I just earned the Barfly badge on #Yelp!
R.I.P Steve Jobs
thanks for mention of THE VICIOUS RED RELIC, LOVE. Fabulist book! :-)
Reminder! We will be closed the 24th-27th, so if you're trying to get in, please call and book your appointment. Few spots left:)
- Lol, you're probably right Paul. But you'll have have that tongue hangin out as you cross the finish line (-:
oh so mad now? Lol
anybody use ?
Good Morning!! Everyone. You should have some Blackcurrant for breakfast.
serious story. One person died. Roughly 10 injured. Two others taken by flight for life
I don't think anyone could find your johnson(ville) under all that flab!
Mike Bibby is the guy that gets picked last in pickup game at the YMCA and then runs you by 20
Nothing like a post-midnight bowl of cereal to calm the grumbling in my stomach..
Bros before hoes...
I like them hands!!!!!
LOL! That's the one that made me pee!
instead of hide ya kids it would be hide ya snacks
Great time at David Nail concert.
Thanks for your kind support of #Boston Bakes!
I took jones
Yeah whatev, they aren't gonna touch me for shit. Watch this.
Just a bunch of garden tools and female dogs
just wrapped up an interview with Raekwon and prepping new music to hit the blogs by
I think I'll take that offer at working at a car wash , not every job will be fun. But hey little extra money in the pocket don't hurt
I dont have any kids yet but this right here is for practice.
Gonna be on that tweet mode in any second as class just got started
Don't worry your bags fly free.
now im like why the fuck am i letting these assholes upset ME, they dont have control of my feelings, it will get better.
All of my story ideas revolve around drug dealers now. Weird.
1st year of dental hygiene school completed and officially a senior waat waaat!
Why does is piss you off? Judge not.
Has Taco Bell stopped making the home taco kits? Can't find them anywhere--and they were the only good thing Taco Bell ever made.
1 period left...
I like my #feet. They take me to really neat places.
I'm pretty sure they don't do it in school anymore, sadly. I never actually learned it - just came across it later and loved it!
“Experience, travel – these are an education in themselves.” ~Euripedes
whats a good show to watch when ur drunk? Family guy. "look the dog is dancing. Go go go go go."
Very cool. Thank you. RT Try these, or the printers that these use.
I wish R.I.P meant return if possible <3
We hope you've entered! We have a lot of other great prizes, too!
I mean, yes, there was contact. Wade caused it though. What else is David West supposed to do?
I love listening to the crickets and looking at the stars. Its good to be home.
Had a gr8 day helping pts. New pt with migraines on n off 4 ~2yrs had first headache free wk after only 3 adjustments!! I love Chiropractic
Count me in! Sounds fun. :D
AP english test: Complete! Now only to worry about this play funding, June SAT, and Shakespeare monologues.
Does anyone else call it "polaroid cheese"?
Dolphins: One big question - ESPN (blog)
RT : Yeah Rockies get em! Show San Fran how we do in Colorado!!!!!
just looking for some meaning to it all... :)
Ah, thanks, thanks. I hope to see you both sooner rather than later!
Yeah I thought so to ... Didn't workout so well lol.
In the midst of life I am in death.
Come visit TRAK Records and Library in booth 100 at ARMA's 56th Annual Conference!
I have had so much fun this weekend & have had some great food. I got to watch the mayor of were i am( my uncle) go dons a water slide lol
Happy to follow- love your work! Pls follow us to!
You guys are awesome & thanks for the RTs about this week ! Keep 'em coming folks ;)
you better not have broken your damn leg!
Just found alternating reveal cedar shiplap siding underneath dated and inappropriate aluminum. This 1928 house will soon shine!
Just got hit on by a guy asking if I was German. This after last week when a guy asked if I was Belgian.
"Psssh I'm not sarcastic" *Smiles Awkwardly*
I'm glad God loves me NO MATTER WHAT I WEIGH!! JESUS THINKS I'M BEAUTIFUL!!!
what she order? Chick fil a?
Kale? Of course not. We have collection standards, you know! Asparagus is a noble vegetable.
Watching International rugby 7s on NBC. South Africa dominated France. New Zealand is locked up with Somoa. Go USA!! :-)
crazy night &
Many new <U+5B66><U+751F> interested in China approaching me this yr, even b4 classes have started. Many w/ h.s. language work already done.
Ah, would've forgottenn to Shout out this National Holiday....Happy #420 Everyone....lol
I agree with u. I'm sure those well known schools are expensive huh? But I'm assuming its worth spending! Thx again buddy!
The Diving Bell and the Butt
: the other part of that #halfjoking refers to beast within. how about a triple threat? yeah, definitely john andress. (imo)
Sister just gave birth to a beautiful baby <3
Time to talk nonstop about the NFL draft. Or baseball. Whichever's more interesting at a given time today.
Hello, hater.
You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take. —Wayne Gretzky
what would you do if i told you that i la la la la loved you?????
Good Morning! The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.-B. F. Skinner Enjoy yrou day!
What non conference opponent -- aside from MU, UNLV, and UNC -- should worry the basketball Badgers the most?
that sounds cool actually. God knows my students need it.
Elephant on a unicycle? Just another day
Thanks for all the retweets.
"Beauty, booty, brains&MORE"...I like that statement! Girl power...lol :D
This fucking screaming kid outside is about to get knocked the fuck out!
Don't forget Afroman is coming to this Wednesday! He is certainly known to treat his Bloomington fans to a great show!
RT Love is when two imperfect people come together to form something perfect.
making Dallas look good.
what's your favorite Sing It Loud song?
#truestory RT members threw a football @ us. Nearly took out 's eye Thx heavens wasn't a toaster!
do you have any good recipes using oro blanco grapefruits?
CITY GEAR NOW HAS 8732,LILWAYNES TRUFIT, JORDAN SHORTS,PARISH....AND MUCH MUCH MORE.
And dream for me anything, but dream it in color.
lol u gone get d worse beat down ever..now thts d life um liven
I'm so sorry ! Go to Settings > Your Settings > Preferences & select your mobile number under 'Preferred Contact Points'
What are you doing to build the empire of your dreams? Are you actively looking for the people & components you need to succeed? Begin now.
Cereal and oranges for breakfast
I just saw a girl on the train who looked exactly from one of my best high school friends 1984 yearbook pics, clothes hair and all.
That sounded like it would have been fun. RT Played Miskatonic School for Girls. Wicked fun.
I tried so hard and got so far
Watching 'The Suitcase' episode of Mad Men and feeling a lot of emotions.
GIVE ME YOUR NUMBER MY PHONE LOST ALL MY CONTACTS
"Up-Up-Down-Down-Left-Right-Left-Right B, A, Start". If only #life was so accommodating.
Tonight The Grove is sponsoring two kegs & shots at Brother's tonight! plus PPG will have a table and a few bottles at Quinton's tonight.
It's election day here in #Indiana. Please vote.
sorry I didn't make it tonight, had something pop up. next time.
How can I analyze a character when I don't even understand the play?
Manchester City Stole the the EPL Crown From Manchester United I'm Weak as Hell Action Speak Louder than words!!
I bet Ollie's like 'no worst way..?!' haha inside joke, Ollie! :D
When we have these type of conversations >>>
I'll post tomorrow when I'm a bit more stylin' :)
Because you're a hipster and therefore ask yourself rhetorical questions to express your disdain on your day-to-day problems.
That was funny! Can't wait for the next.
Thanks. You've been quite busy! Congrats! Hope you and the family are doing well. I'm getting ready to dissertate soon.
Thank You Marcus. We try our best :) We hope to make another rockin record within the year. Thanks again sir. - W
Oh oh , I'll let you know when I make one
hey chick u left ur jacket in my car. Light blk jacket. Hope u have had a good week
I just got teaspoons for a gift!
me too, I know right. Which beach you going to?
happy hour! #boystown:)
shoes shoes ...i love shoes
Just arriving to Philly. Lunchtime...first stop Pat's Steaks!
he is not bad!
Reporters are always fishing for winning sound bites. Come up with a clever way to craft your quote, it’ll be one the media uses.
Np :) when will i ever see you at school lol
aww next time!
Are we drinkin' lil more,I can hardly decide!. . .
#Thegrey was Fantastic and Intense! Also saw #Contraband and it was Awesome! :)
Need to get my computer fixed so I can edit some more footage
Wait a minute... the Bella twins aren't fired... Why is the WWE reporting this... Something's fishy.
Thanks to all who came out in this rainy weather to see & tonight-& a special thanks to them for such a great show!
Pray for peace, Eat in small portions, Exercise to burn what you eat, and Sleep to clam it all down. :)
no prob Stacie! Let me know your office address and I'll stop by with info. Maybe I'll even drop off some dill chips?
Q5: Don't be afraid to introduce yourself to people. It's ok if you don't remember names the first week. Ask about their lives.
Sergio Rey: Can you assume static neighborhood boundaries in urban areas over the decades? Probably not, because neighborhoods shift/merge.
Have to give Compass another try after 's awesome overview at
all the freaking time.
Never outsource your entertainment.
i don't know u, u r correct, and I don't understand u by the word abuse
- Haha. It's not overly amazing. It has a cool "Newspaper" feature but other than that it's just another Twitter app. Haha.
You too!
ha! yeah real life retirement. I did the math today...
Oh dats your GIRLFRIEND.... I thought it was your HOMEGIRL????
SH is so infectious . You can't help but sing along .
Love it! RT : There are only a few museums that could convince me to move back to Southern Calfornia & the is number 1
Dear Newsman. When you are reviewing a movie, such as Cabin in the Woods, please do NOT include spoilers as a part of your review.
#prayforjapan Our prays go out to japan during this time of great mourning and difficulty. God Bless You All!
I salute u
i have come to realize that all creative people have "their masterpiece." it can be terrible or genius...but we all have one.
Get ripped like Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Text me if ur up for some fun
"All of this is gonna be mine" - Triple H #realtalk but sucks to be Shane
Crazy Happy!
such a cute pic...I think she thought you were a boy maybe? LOL
Latest Somaphony lover and collector from New Hampshire in response that Jazz Lungs will be arriving at her doorstep veddy soon.
Going on the power tower :D
Hi ! Thank you for the tweet! Looking forward to having you at Turnberry Isle Miami!
Essentially. Sports news is kind of thin this time of year. 90% of coverage is basketball. God forbid they cover more hockey
thats what I'm saying, my gym was packed at 2 p.m.
all these wildly off-base weather forecasts are really messing with our tanning AND our productivity. get it together, and team.
better than not having one <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
you should show more of ur face then yes
I love driving over the Hoan Bridge in the morning.
You don't have to ask me twice.
How are you Anson? :D Can you follow us?? :D
Good tip. I've been afraid to stray from my name brand. Yogurt isn't something you want to mess with.
G'mornin yall from Dallas #Texas ! #kisses !
Thanks for all of your emails and calls about my family. We're hanging in there. You rock.
Happy Friday!
New Shirt BLACK TIDE ROPE TOUR TEE
RT : A Big Thank You to all the veterans out there that gave and sacrificed so much for so many.
you're so close but so far
Morning tweeps, so thankful and blessed God woke me up for another beautiful day.
I want Applebee's chicken penne pasta
Getting in shape is easy... you just have to do it...
the ump involved in the Lawrie incident should be fined for integrity of the game
No love for the Brim Reaper
Yup. Next I'm working on baked chicken stuffed with chicken McNuggets.
thanks. Much needed.
Had a good afternoon
quebec :D
Just to clarify, i make wordplay jokes like hipsters wear mustaches
how did this happen!?
Yes you can!
20 minutes to the Alabama Shakes #sxsw radio daystage.
Thank you for following !
Thank you (as always!) for the RT : )
yes! Instead of talking *at* visitors the NPS needs to talk *with* them.
though didn't Brown county have to raise sales tax for the renovations in 2000ish?
when when your blog be up ? (: or is it already up.... ?
“: #DECALDA changed my life. Never have I felt so motivated.”
Like i havent been.up 8am this morning
People who don't like bacon can't be trusted.
How's the salmon?
what's up!?
Credit cards: email card information to . You will receive a receipt once payment is processed.
Yeah, disappointing. But kind of unsurprising. And it strengthens my resolve on the home front.
It's gonna be another HOT one today. We're headed to the beach to cool off in the lake for a while.
i would never in my life move to Dallas!!!!!!
Love you Katy!!!!!
I was screaming saying "Vinny and Bianca are coming back!" then said April fools! I'm sad now:,(
yup, no phones in church, haha
just everybody
Im cold & just want to go home
theres this guy who always makes fun of the way i talk, he's clearly jealous cause i haven't hit on his fugly ass.
summer girls by lfo was my shit
there are some crazy ones around, at least we have our sanity!
Work to do! To the beanbag! (I write in a beanbag chair...Am I the only one?!)
I wish it were Friday already...
Are you or a family member at risk for #diabetes? Find out now by taking a FREE risk test. Text: HEALTH to 300400. You'll be glad you did!
Back home and time for another weigh in.......2 more lbs down!!!!! Thinking of buying this sweater dress I saw:)
Happy Easter!! :D
Valentine's Day is a week away! Make plans now to come into the pub and win his/her heart with a brew or two! Menu specials as well!
Mark your calendars boys and girls for 1/26, Babe's in Madison will feature ! Show to start at 10 pm. Going to be epic!
skipping school to bowl tomorrow..heck ya :)
I do, but it's so outdated! Getting back in the habit of blogging is a 2012 goal. I better get on it!
great song by Phoebe I'm so sad she's gone one of my all time favorites.
code for call me maybe
follow back youngbull
2 Deaths back to back ..unfair. Stay Strong Bellport. <3 RIP David
Keep sending us your Flash and BEER trivia questions. The more the better :)
Chris Brown Was Cancelled >.<
WTG Kasey! Take one for the team! (best chance of him getting in base....)
RT : one more stupid love song I'll be sick
Roster move must indicate that a trade is on the horizon.
The blame for CA's fiscal demise rests OVERWHELMINGLY with the Dems. They have owned the CA state legislature for 4 decades.
Literal shock of my life today....FREE starbucks coffee at Portland airport and yet 10 ft away ppl are BUYING the same stuff
#leanimpact: applying principles of the lean start-up to nonprofits; good chat yesterday with , , &
Off to work....
- thanks so much!!! - I know, it's take some work, but hopefully I'll get it done. Really appreciate the support. Juan
I'm sorry-#rob is absolutely awful. Typical Mexican stereotypes, #cheech is phoning it in and #RobSchneider is bad in anything over 5 mins
Houston traffic <<
hey, remember how I went to work for twenty minutes today?moof
Good morning world, good Mornin Xfinity Live!! Come visit me today at PBR BAR if youre down for the Phillies!!
changeable pics on here it kinda sucked today is ugly outside n vegas
aw shucks MA, now the whole twittisphere knows I'm a good son.
go on so long like that. And yes, it's the kids that truly lose. Saddening (and maddening)
Reading anything good?
So I got an email from petsmart saying I can get a discount on my pets anxiety meds -____- what anxiety could a spoiled ass cat have ?
All he said was "Structure fuck the god math!" and then he slapped me across the face. #howsthewritinggoing?
#Cancers don't fail dear...
#invisiblechildren and #stopkony is trending ... this makes me happy. :)
Have a chocolate class groupon? Room in class at 4:30 and 6 pm today. Exp date is March 31!
Being awakened by an Earthquake 10 mins before my alarm goes off just isn't a cool way to start the day.
Merry Christmas to all! I wish you all a safe and happy holiday!
Yes you can
RT : 9 point weekend earns Spencer Abbott Athletic Republic Hockey East Player of the Week honors. Congrats Spencer!
#jennamarblestaughtme to be myself at all times no matter what. Thanks lovey
i can install the full version for 80.00 , i'll get it working then send an invoice. Please reply if interested
- Sounds awesome! Thanks for the link. I'll check out his stuff.
you're welcome:)
well hell. How about a nice hot bath then
indeed! Say when!
God is good! Hope you all have a great day! LET YOUR LIGHT SHINE!
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Tuesday 04/10/12 is Ian, Dan and Sally!
hey Prospect girl what did you sew show and tell
Well thank you!!! That means a lot to us
I've seen a few w/ Michael Floyd at 19. I'd like that; also would be happy w/ anything that could be considered O-line help
that is awesome!
To celebrate #AlvinAiley's return to NJPAC & , we are hosting a 4-day trivia contest each day at 3pm. Stay tuned to win tix.
love it, and an important point!
the Underground Library's new VIDEO : www.kickstarter.com/projects/undergroundlibrary/the-underground-library-memberships-continued-0/posts
ikr! where and how have you been
Middleton scores its second run of the game on a balk, now leads Madison East 5-3 in bottom of fifth inning,
Happy St. Patty's Day Everyone! We hope that you are out enjoying this beautiful Colorado weather.
at first i thought this said body odor lol yeah i know im looking for my reading glasses lol
I really doubt it! It would make no sense for the price to go down from $90 at the door :/
you won't listen any other way!!
Hey, next Wednesday morning. I'm Ikea'd out! Luckily I have a bf who is good at building things!
How dare you ! RT : who better starlito or wacc ass j.cole?
We are Atlantic City bound, T-minus 40 hours.
I'm willing to look so stupid till I've had enough
Researching Mother's Day food-related gifts for all kinds of cooks and non-cooks. Suggestions welcome!
I been on Ace Hood and Meek Mill All Week lol
thanks so muchh for the follow (: be sure to checkout too! theyre amazing,<3
Pro-family is compassion and means finding ways to help families stay together after Welfarism pushed them apart. That's the core issue.
Hi Bobbie-Sue- you deserve a chess set! I spent a year at BC before I realized I was Jewish!
We cant thank you enough for checkin out the musicians we feature!
Star Trek Anniversary and my wedding anniversary are the same day… coincidence? Well, yes, but still pretty cool in my book.
I called her out&she called me fat. I have a special needs son and I take offense.All people are beautiful.
DATS WUT IT IS RT : Ima make sure im there at 9 next time aw yea im tansy stepson MYSTRO
me too.
I'm auditioning to be a model. They said I'm great, except for basic body and face.
I just don't think a candidate's position on marriage equality in 2012 moves a swing voter. Other issues do. So again, why not do it?
Come back to me, Like you would if this was a movie. <33
well then!
where will you be staying when touch down here.
Aunt G now following us on Twitter as
hey, I need to walk with you to the bus tomorrow!!
Will there be snacks? “: For all of you who have been asking, The TSBand will be doing a wrkshop-in LA 's May 26 2-5”
happy born day Bro
I was there with Kelly. Beer pong in the kitchen. Those were the good ol' days :-)
herrrcut 1:15 tomorrow, just scheduled it. My hurrrr is out of control, beware!
I flew to the Philippines through leap day. Enchiliza flies back on solar eclipse day!
this day is going alittle better ! :) i feel so much better being single !
Asked a friend his thoughts on the candidates for Senator-he talks about all 3 males running with NO mention of the female candidate-ironic!
I like it.
depressed-___- Austin will never follow me it's so stress full /:
Sounds like the perfect day!
Merry Quattro de Mayo everyone!
I'm voting for u trying to keep the lead for tht Ustream #muchlove x9
Sheldon, from now on, you'll be my bff!
Day 37 of 100: I am thankful for my energy
it the lighting okay!!
Loveliest chat with -- chic, strategic, level-headed, cool; she's my inspiration.
Local musician and all-around great guy will also be bartending tonight. Don't miss out!
Fabi needs a Tweetie!! Hey Momma!
right?! Not sure if my friends like him..I should really find that out.
Enrico's will be closed this Sunday! Yes, CLOSED due to Marathon Sunday...(Enrico will have his regularly scheduled bread class) Run on!
When is sad I'm sad and when he smiles I smile:) <3- Abby
And, yes, I am feeling like a muppet this morning.
RT : Happy Teacher Appreciation Week! Celebrate and #thankateacher!
We think should attend the Art of Beer along with our state legislature and UC Davis MIND faculty. Care for a beer mayor?
Head outnto Unblurred today and make sure to stop in at The Cotton Factory for some cool T's and a tasty beverage. Penn Avenue, Garfield!
If he keeps socking homers...I'd say Kawa-SOCK-ee.
Thinking of friends in my beautiful adopted city of Bombay
Finally home from work, bout to check out The Vow
Good Morning! The food is fresh. The biscuits are hot. It's going to be a good day.
thank you (; I'll check it out.
Holiday party!!! Everyone e getting ready?!?!? See everyone soon!!
had a pumpkin latte today & the place told me as of Tuesday it won't be available. Killing the pumpkin before the turkey is so not cool!
I think some might like to see what they should have said, or how they should have answered, what could be different, etc.
I so miss doing the updates though. :-)
Nicky Hilton Sues for $5 Mil -- My Ex-Partners SABOTAGED My Clothing Line: Nicky Hilton claims her high-end fashion line was a coloss...
You tweet A LOT. lol
dont know if this qualifies as liberal arts but my #history degree @ #UCBerkeley served me well for my career
i liked that a lot, also. #patience. whatever, dude, we *none* of us have a prob w THAT...
#news More than 50 GPs involved in the groups that will control have warned the NHS may be "in peril" if government changes are derailed.
he was shook as fuck of you brah DROP THE DAGGER ON HIM :krs:
RT i love finding songs that I can't wait to post on
historically all networks have horrible Friday night ratings.
In my yard and this deep buzzing sound kept getting louder and louder. Huge swarm of Africanized bees went BUZZING just overhead.
RT : 50% of people that use a computer for work say the technology they use at home is better than the tech they use at work.
That is a pretty amazing photo.
I'll be singing some TOOL or Nine Inch Nails ;-)
You had me at brilliant! CC
Eating oreos and studying for my weight training final...
looking good Michelle
what about us?!
Made reservs for Harald Mabern's 75th celebration this wkend. An under appreciated, should be, legend, n educator. Must see!
Shots if her timeline, not the mentions. It's just cute and hilarious.
what do you mean every guy is the same?
I thoroughly enjoyed serving at your beautiful design center! THANK YOU for hosting #WWRC!
I don't have anything to do!!
Marshalls, baby! I was going to return but says I can keep!
Olivia is a badass.
lol u like that i wanted to make a good one for u since you make good ones 24/7
So are you blaming President Obama for all the problems in the U S? Reevaluatethefacts......
More than anything else, it looks like an itty-bitty unibody iMac.
whats good man yall looking good this year keep it up
Frustration sets in...it is gonna be fine as a #THFC #Spurs fan I have been down this road already. knows what I mean
Right RT : I GUESS IT'S LIGHTS OUT FOR EVELYN.
Let us know your thoughts on the new video!!
Thanks for reaching out. For some reason it's tough to book in Denver.
#GURT2011 starts tomorrow!
Super bored.....thinking about changing my twitter name. correction i AM changing my twitter name
Even after the War ended he refused to modify or lower the bills powers it granted the President.
but its so true kobe is a horrible clutch player on last second shots
": 'turn fish sticks into caviar.' my new mantra <<< Love it!!!
Uh-huh... RT : A1) I think now more than even the answer is creating your own room through entrepreneurship
Multimedia for journalists MT : Very interesting tools!
you can say that again!
I'm bout to get all hippy, #love + #music=
Thoughts about morality/ethics and leadership are swirling in my head! How do people get away with being crummy leaders?
I didn't know you had access and thank you! when you are back online can you ping me?
Do colleges have barbershops on campus?
Come stop by and try our Colts Blue Lemonade as part of Colts Fan Appreciation day at
If I say that I saw the place where we all began, you would turn deaf ears ,and miss the most beautiful description of Heaven.So I wont say.
": Color correction for new video - almost done! #zoneOutAndGeterDunnn!" God of you boiiiiii
RT : Faith isn't the abscense of fear~but the courage to walk through any situation
Huge win for the Crew
#VACATION #WNC ASHEVILLE TODAY #FOLLOW A Candy and Entertainment Vending co
aww good luck!
Thanks for the follow, Misty!
MC Lars. Hip hop and Shakespeare. Rapping Edgar Allen Poe. Connecting rap = rhythm and poetry
thanks for connecting on Twitter fellow Midwest girl.
I was wondering why do you eat all that good food? I need good food like you post pictures of.
Who Awake?
the Moon, 5 de Mayo, 2 shootings (and not Tequila shooting, #raza) and a big fire in the Mission, what a weekend!
Who is like my God ?! The earth is his footstool !
RT : #NYR have had every opportunity in these OTs to end it
SO happy to get out of Arizona and back to CA in August.
FUCK YEAH NO SCHOOL!!!
fuck that not letting anything bring me down. graduation tonight freeman coliseum 7pm everyone is invited
add me to your skype contacts: art.bwb I will intro you to a success team that can help you get going, need to meet Marty
I do enjoy saying "fanny" to my British friends. It shocks them so.
Sometimes in life you've just got to spin the wheel and make the best of where ever you land
finna go wash my she alil dirty
Check out my single "Shine Your Light" which I released back in June earlier this year. Check it out on iTunes, Rhapsody, and Amazon as well
cool jack, SHUT UP
OH! wait I didn't know y'all dated? I thought y'all just liked each other? Anywho yes ma'm I know who you're talkin about
na being nice gets you no where :p
saw that movie has a kid...even then I thought that line was...well, troubling.
I read the Savage Hawkman #2 last night. I like it. I thought issue #1 was better, though.
Heading to Mexico! Follow for updates.
I actually enjoy the sore muscles from my first day of strength training in a very long time! And my yoga will feel so good later!
Headin over to Comerica for Tigers vs Rays... gettin there in time to see the pre-game video we produced on the big screen. Go Tigers!!
the Victoria train if you can blag it - best option by far. Pin me down for that Nam chat.
Need your love (feat. Ray Dalton), Sol
YIS! You never tweet me no mores:/
I got bored and manually updated my Droid to Android 2.2.
Vacation not coming fast enough??? Take a break and come relax with an hour long theraputic massage!
Why have I not been able to fall asleep all SUNDAY afternoon?
so your going to submit it right?
Learning about event management at a #cvent luncheon!
Had a scare with my gma but she's okay thank God, just makes you realize how precious everyday is with family
I made it! Learned a lot about how hard living on that amount is - meat, fresh veg are hard, eat more eggs..
Hahaha....maybe in the next phase :)
You have cracked the puzzle. I figure if can tweet, so can I.
She means a lot to me...more than she'll ever know. But I don't think even I know how much I mean to her...
oh hi sexiiiii.
But in fact God has placed the parts in the body, every one of them just as he wanted them to be. 1cor 12:18
I need to move on. :)heather
Our advisor on #yitan talking about connect.me and vouching right now. 10k vouches in last 24 hours.
That moment where you realize a person that utters the phrase 'spring chicken' is your mortal enemy
& her damned Charged & Controlled madness. r 2 blame 4 my dire need 4 a nap.
These boots could kill.
things n Alexandria r good. been a hot couple of days. getting ready 4 next year. should b a good 1. hope alls well n Chicago
When I get older and have kids, I will be the fun parent.
i miss Christmas but i will always have memories
life-changing, really
Man, i hate it when i dont take the chance and someone takes advantage and GETS IT! i do this all the time "/
EWWWW . get out of my twitter face . never in a million years
chicken bruschetta pasta (:
So hard..that's hot haha. No, it was a lot of fun, I was happy with how it went, I like Joe.
Oh no holding
Knight & Night – Part 1
Alex Air Mail
“: what is this shit show?” bitches on the T that go to bama?
Meet at the PHCA at 10am Sunday. We have a lot of bags and gloves to share. Lets give our Polish Hill streets and sidewalks a cleaning.
Wanna go home and sleep
Hello there, sun! I've been waiting for you to come out and warm up my office. The air conditioning is killing me.
Parent: "Who are you texting???" *quickly thinks of a friend they would approve of*
Certainly interesting hearing Jim Nantz's voice on ESPN
Poop spelled backwards is still poop.
Yup chipolte it is
Lmaoooo ready when you are
Who's ready for a sunny #Seattle weekend?
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Lead Actress, Non-Res Production goes to... Cate Blanchett
YES SO PUMPEDD!!!!!!! #countdown begins now.
nice foamposite pro's
Sobering up so I can go home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
We'll see ya tuesday ;D
I don't even think there r words to describe his perfection!
thanks for the mentions today. We appreciate the support of keeping Jazz and its history alive.
About to land in San Antonio for the Football Coaches Convention. Always great to see friends in the business. Really looking forward to it!
home safe???
Has Jerry ever consiedered getting a twitter? bcuz ik he has a facebook. (if its really him), and JK on Twit seems awesome.
DUDE! still rocking bro....you need to visit. where are you?
I LOVE YOU
Is everyone enjoying #HIMSS11?
If I were Inge I would charge the mound & start a brawl for the ages. At least that would get major cheers. Crowd is killing him tonight!
c'mon, make a run for it!
but he could obviously get more xD but hows Sarah look from inside(; still pretty?! (:
"Anyone want a cheeseburger"
4th of July looks like it's going to get wet in Las Vegas.
“: I love animals .awesome animals”
I forgot to wish you a Happy Birthday....so yppaH yadhtriB eilleK. Hope you had a great day!!
its astounding and amazing in all forms and is ur server back up
Heard this guy yelling "spurs are gonna whoop on the clippers!" I was so tempted to join that conversation. :b
Also if any of you awesome people have a spotify account you can check them out on there!
The hug I really want would probably suffocate me.
thanks luke ;)
One upping speed-dating in #atx .. Introducing Speed-Mating. Stay tuned for themes and success stories!
WTF Pinterest. "request an invite" and now am "on the waiting list" I don't want to pin food pics on your mommy website anyways. yes I do.
Well my internet isnt working
On my way to a marketing class I'm sponsoring for fellow artists and holistics. I will catch up with y'all after. :)
you got a picture of shanetta baby yet ?? i wanna see it !
Congrats to and their Jr. Kings 16U teammates on going 5-0 at Pacific Districts. Now
“: To bad you dont deserve it”
#Truthbetold talent has gotten a little better but still same old bulls#^% being played over there on 106th and Park. Can't wait for ATTW2.
Ready to get the day started......apartment hunting!
“: (RT) New Music from ft. dropping soon #FlyMeOutToCali !!
I'm watching Major League right now and it's pumpin me up for baseball season!!! Classic.
A BIG hi to all my twitter followers ;)
oh shush mr. garden [;
Behind my smile, hides a story full of pain.
u know it all.
Looking forward to it! Bonus: food from Antigua!
Looking for a #PPC account manager. Must have experience. Full time opportunity! Interested? Let me know!
Hey Josh, thanks for following - love your work!
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW !! SHES A #DIRECTIONER #ICONIAC #GRANDER AND #MAHOMIE ! SHE DANCES TO (: FOLLOW HER !!
Ambrose Bierce's definition of #genealogy - "An account of one's descent from an ancestor who did not particularly care to trace his own"
#NDSA UK web archive is open access and includes 10k websites at the end of June 2011
i will so be there!
yes she is thats my baby u treat her well and keep up the work
Got my white boy swag game up today. The O'neil shorts and the Neff shirt! Let's get it!
This guy really saying Peyton Manning is gonna be a flop?!
Liquid Web fried my managed web server - 3 dead drives in a Raid 5. Odds of that save gross negligence = .00000001. Thanks A lot Liquid Web!
Nope open Mic night is Mondays but come by we have the playoffs on plus and
I'd like to hear an Anvil cast regarding what you thought of the Avengers.
my evil twin brother is eastern "sky"..so yes ;)
REALLY HAPPY they make em look so good!
Shoutout to for bringing me a dank ass lunch at work! Holla!
my icon and my background are so sexy. dude.
I'm sick of being the good person.
Because you hate it [actually, love it] when I get sappy and corny. And you can't stand Judy Garland (who I adore).
Good Mornining Mermaid fans thank you for following me!! i really enjoy reading all your tweets!
their boss feels the same way
RT #LOVE GOD LOVE PEOPLE!! <3 :D
Need shirt that says "Now panic and freak out." Already own the pillow, but I'd like to be in constant mania. It's when I shine.
My doctor told me I was morbidly obese. As if I don't have enough on my plate.
If you are not the best scorer there are other ways you can impact the game: REBOUNDING, DEFENSE.
We loved your post! And thank you so much! We're thrilled to hear it!
wish i could be there! rock the stage, and kill for me!
because we hate you.
then it's on to google+. Lol #ballin!
"Try It" Circus Class! Try all the apparatus before you sign up for a session!! October 30, 2010, 1-2pm, $10 www.TenacityCircusArts.com
you are too sexy for my mind!! (^_^')
just How The first heartbreak felt just changes your outlook on every relationship after that.Including Trust, But doesn't define who I am.
RT : Sabrina sent me the official announcement for #NCORE2012. I'm even more excited than I was before.I love conferences!
what's up hun :) x
a rite of passage kinda day at the theatre.
Sorry Ryan...not my area. Best of luck though.
I know i was sad
I miss you! I hope you're having fun at work! I love you hubby.
RT : I've set up shop at the Franchise Tax Board where all state tax returns are coming through. Can you say paper cut?...
I think my contact is stuck in my eye. Not pleasant.
do not stop following us. Just follow more people!
yes! You're right.
Just the first cheap target I thought up, but I agree. Gotta dig pretty deep to deem something "worst" of any form.
A little over 24 Hours to go until London Onsite Seminar with JHU and U of Westminster!
Hey, when you're here tomorrow, check-in on Facebook...we'd love a count! Thanks, and Happy Thanksgiving!!!
Fuck Chris Paul
;) make sure he knows it to! lol
Finally today is here!! Can't wait for GLEE tonight!!!!!
The difference between a girl and a cellphone? The phone has a "silent" mode.
Cherry's two-RBI single gives the Cajuns a 5-0 lead in the bottom of the fifth.
Once upon a time...nobody gave a fuck
Omw! Turn up the music bitches
hey dude. Sorry I missed you man! Drink on Thursday?
BTW, I had enough credits to get either a BA or a BS. I chose the BA, because it is more valuable.
Equality, is something I go hard for...
Working on some super exciting projects tonight!
We begin full production in January. No concerts scheduled here right now.
Def feel like I beasted my Biology Lecture final. #awesome now if only would finish.
Our premiere screening of #ScavengerHunt last night was a huge success! Thanks to and !
assuming you're not selling action for smaller things you're playing like VDS's, etc?
Anyone that REALLY wants to learn about using Social Media for Disaster Response is in
I should know better that tweets are locked! Lol -__-
Greedy, ungrateful & shameful Facebook's co-founder Eduardo Saverin gives up U.S citizenship to not pay taxes.
one of the most awkward moments of my adolescence: LL Cool J's "Doin' It" comes on the radio, my mom and i start singing it.
Did you get any good feedback on this? I'd love to look at inspiring designs for either (newspaper, newsletter). What is SND?
smoking trees/reading books until rogan at 6ish
curiosity! and work in social business / sustainable agriculture. what are you up to in tehran?
What took you so long!! Hehe! Aww I'm glad you loved it!! Miss you like crazy! Your heart's on my wall!xoxo
RT : Belt swinging at the first pitch on four-pitch K when #rockies Brothers walked the bases loaded with one out in the 8th wa ...
Wowza. Adding to grocery list. xx
Girly what are you talking about your gorgeous!
There's Romney flipping AGAIN! People boo, he changes/softens his stance to appease the audience.
Florence And The Machine for the rest of the night.
Feels like its going to be a good
You rang? :) I'll be in TX June 1-10. : oh yea....my video friend is him up and ask when he wil ...
trying to remember.....vaguely....
Guys bring Mistletoes to school and see how many kisses you can get!
might have one of the most clever names on twitter lol
RT soo wat. Im still taller nd biqqer : No I'm not because I'm older than you lol
Enjoy your own life without comparing it with that of another.
Yo mama so short she does backflips under the bed.
fuck all of the shitty potheads who are getting high today to celebrate hitler's birthday and the anniversary of columbine.
My alter-ego is getting on my nerves.
Who doesn't!!!!
wow all packer players are nice, but and take it to a new extreme!
Ha, you will get a kick out of the online dating entry, and it is all true.
We play moultrie again today!! hahahaha!
Congratulations to the COTELCO research associates that are preparing for graduation this week! We are extrememly proud!
Graveyard shift, 11pm-5am. What can make this ok? Goin on a kick while getN ready and dreaming bout warped. :)
Presenting in just under an hour.
don't you mean Bush?
Good bread, good meat, good Lawd let's eat!!
Happy Labor Day to all! Hope you have enjoyed the long weekend!
I got the teeth out! I have lots of ice cream and gauze.
#Girls is a great show.
Need Beats? Studio Time? Contact Us at: $30 For Regular Lease $40 For Premium Lease $100 For Exclusive Rights
If you do not know the person, then do not tag them in your tweet or facebook!
Class ended last week and students still sending me articles about #corpgov and what they learned in class. Guess I did ok as new professor
happy birthday best friend(: sorry I ate your cookie ill bring you another one tomorrow (: loveyou!
Well, it wasn't helmet to helmet.
Someday I'll make it back to DC.
Sounds like a good stop en route to class... RT District Commons & Burger, Tap & Shake open for dinner tonight.
I lightweight want a donut maker bc they don't have Tim Hortan's in Texas. Or Jolly Pirates. But would they taste the same? #Pause <U+2754>
Teen Jeopardy. I got this in the bag.
I forgot to tweet a shout out I will tweet it right now
I haven't had the stout yet, but Chris said it was good
It's pretty awesome that so many radio stations do a local music show... Good on all of ya! Do you know of any? We'd love to check them out!
#Chargers finally have a running game again. Love it.
Group class tomorrow 9am!!!! Don't forget boot camp starts at 740!!!!!
Remeber all those times i swore i needed you? well consider them lies because baby here i am without you and i survived- lil wayne
radio on outside, ribs in the smoker, cold beer - something needs to balance all that out.
Before questioning my belief that Hawks must trade Kane, read the Deadspin,com Drunk Kane stuff.
oh c'monnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn we know you do it .
tony bennet singing = awesome and amazing...carrie underwood trying to duet with him = bad and trying too hard
haha I know..
this is all there is to it. You're tweeting! And if you follow me, you're one of my Tweeple.
if a person doesn't like you for you then they can find somebody else
volunteers helping us set up our program and serve the #homeless this morning!
EVERYTHING!!!! and it's stashed in his magic underpants ;)
Why did I ever think taking the highway was a better idea than the interstate?
how many times are you supposed to see a guy before you sleep with him?
I despise these Arby's commercials
: a wonderful thrift and vintage store on 4th St. Retro Row Long Beach.Most of the profits from their store go to charity.
For who ever is following me,THANK U SO MUCH FOR FOLLOWING! I really really appreciate it =P
yay Go Brewers!!
#Braun beats the pee test / needs a new energy drink? / exonerated.
pitch black heist just made my fucking day! awesome short at #TFF cant help but love Fassbender
Dear fourth grader on facebook, How are you in a complicated relationship? What'd he do, steal your animal crackers?
RT : I can't remember the last time I aced a test..
wow really is growing up....
OMGG ur moving 2 Miami!!! I'm so happy :) hope u like it! Have fun <3
Hail in St Francis, Cudahy, S MKE
Sen. appropriators eliminate interest subsidy on undergrad student loans during 6-month grace period to find $ to maintain max Pell
lmfao darren im laughing SO hard right now!!!! not supposed to do what?!
Not over you -Gavin Degraw
Love prezi. First saw it @ the SLA Fall TX Chpt. Meeting in Oct by April Kessler & Laura Young.
thanks FUR the follow Nam, i appreciate it :)
“: ": Heading to the drake to hear and trio" yayy!” cats are swingin!!!
- thanks, man! This whole thing just keeps getting more fun and feeling less difficult the longer I'm at it... awesome!
heck ya, let's get 'er done
Yep! Already planning a June edition. Stay tuned for details....#creativereads cc
Ha ass always talkin bout she a lady ????????NO1V
I will love and support the gift from the heavens that is Cody Robert Simpson <3 Stand behind him. And love him famous or not.
Tough one....We'll get em tomorrow. Go
Spent the afternoon checking out cool room designs for a great cause at #GoodShepherdCenter in downtown LA. Even had a Pink's Hot Dog!
RT : My Mom shared her birthday and her love of reading. For her, I #RTforLiteracy! Each RT=$1 from to
Thanks I ended up being able to access on a different browser and realized a cache clear would fix it... and it did :)
Do you use Foursquare? Checkin at Watts to take advantage of our new special!
or Mi-yayo
..if you're not by my side.
On the First day of Christmas my Black Hole gave to me...
Correction: saw security guard with handcuffs but kiefaber left chambers not wearing them.
Firecracker Salmon, lived up to its name.
Get your question on in just a few minutes. And to everyone else twitter us your comments and questions!
R E T W E E T if you want a shout out to 15,000+ followers! (Must be following ) He Will Shout You Out & FollowBack
“You don't find time to write. You make time. It's my job.” - Nora Roberts
Come to tampa 2
thanks and congratulations to the others!!!
Hospital, it sucks I hurt my arm bad!!!!
Thanks sir. I wish I could be in Daytona right now.
maybe it just wasnt my love story? God works in mysterious ways..
#ff great comedy and great music!
We sleepless like Seattle
My favorite kind of night...glued to the tube...severe weather coverage
Need lots of coffee after last night
In addition to the down payment and mortgage, you'll have to pay for closings costs, insurance and maintenance.
Congratulations! So happy for YOU!
A very tough night, but it is always darkest b4 the dawn, nothing worth having ever came easy...See you at Game 5!!!
Yes Directv, does get Redzone Channel.
CROCK POT CROCK POT! (Stupid Autocorrect...) Thank you for catching that!
new default ? i think so! haha
Good looks on the mention!
I want this cold to go away....I need a good bowl of Pho
coffee? Hell, need vodka! XO
Palin! She's just as empty-headed and equally photogenic!
the best vid ever #inspired gosh you dance Amazing!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
oh hey! see you there!
Good respnses so far, keep 'em coming: Enter to win tix to at Fri. Tweet your fave Audra role/video link by 4pm Wed.
Causey "race is universal"
Where you gonna watch it at?
"Phil Collins was, was, WAS ... an amazing musician."
I'm in! RT : Who wants to have a viewing party tonight to watch on America's Got Talent at 7pm??
Did you guys have anyone in the Firefighter Challenge this year?
You should be proud. You raised a good man.
It took a lot of popcorn, but I finally saw iron man 2. Pretty good
Clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose.
that's when they announce them.
Headed to SF next week, so #FF to all them Giants folk.
Auction tonight. Bring your stuff for next weeks auction starting tomorrow, 6-8-2010Bid Daddy Auctions 4814 Hardware Dr. NE Albuquerque, Nm
Busy busy day
That makes perfectly good sense: Jim's being Jim.
Hi Aaron - do you think that giving up Rudy Gay in a trade for Tyreke Evans is too much? Have Durant/Granger already. Thanks!!
"I wanna dance with somebody" #RIP Whitney
Do cardio..patience, dedication, persistence..good for the mind~body~spirit..truly is the fountain of youth..
I HAVE HEALTH WITH MY PEETABREAD TOMORROW. :D
Alcohol is like love. First kiss - magic. Second - marvelous. Third - typical. After that...you just take your clothes off.
How young were you? Too many 18-25 year olds have totally unrealistic expectations.
Sometimes I just sit on my couch and sob thinking about how much I miss Lisa 'Left Eye' Lopez.
#Austin no McCain, we didn't start the fire... I'm not illegal BTW
bombay gin dance
Learn all you can from the mistakes of others. You won't have time to make them all yourself. Alfred Sheinwold
Any bands planning on recording a new album in 2012?
Whatsup world why am I still up I need someone to help me with this one
< You're welcome!
the class on browntickets was reading as sold out for some reason, might have pushed away some potential attendees
Do I have the greatest horses or what? They were so good today. Had a fantastic ride!
Thanks for the suggestions. I think my problem is likely motivation to begin than anything else
There is no "romantic" way to eat chocolate covered strawberries! You just look like a fool with chocolate dripping down your face.
He'll get picked off third.
Totally is inspired by the small things in life!!! simple joy and pleasure.
Uh oh, some staff here are going to face the students in a dodgeball tournament next Saturday. I'm sure they're looking forward to it.
Friendship is the hardest thing in the world to explain. It's not something you learn in school. ~ Muhammed Ali
Also a huge thank you to all of you who came from far and away lands, only to rage all day with us! thank you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Totally has more followers than woodfishluke!
nobody u BANNED...
because it's portugal... like, I have NO clue what the cities are in Portugal.
Watching the shameless cast
Josh Hamilton. Good at baseball.
Splitter kinda looks like he might be a serial killer... So look out for him on the streetz.. Fyi
bdizzle and j(12) escape again!!!!!!
"A hotdog walks into a bar and orders a beer. The bartender replies, ""Sorry, we don't serve food here""."
Yo son I just moved to Florida it's so sunny here lmao
And here comes the feeling I thought I'd forgotten.
is Sexy rel to Free TV Series onlineFollow my tweets
The fact that did well in Iowa says more about the people of IA than the fool they voted 2nd. Santorum lives up to his google.
lls if you was here today you woulda been called ALOT it was funny
f, i hate chain messages.. this is so effin terrible.
What are some of the #kosher highlights of your #Costco?
I don't. But I know someone who might be able to help.... , any advice on a Wacom tablet and/or Painter Essentials.
Today was terrible :(
Ipod headphones are too big for my ears? Weird.
Thanks so much for following me! Have a good day!
I guess it's homerun derby!!!
i am on my way to workout...and have a great day..hope u have one as well!!
R.I.P TRAYVON MARTIN GONE BUT NEVER FORGOTTEN!!!
Good morning !
Anthony Hope~ Boys will be boys. And even that wouldnt matter if only we could prevent girls from being girls.
Day last lets make it right
Again Techno foul when spammer gets ur moms email so now she sends out Viagra mail unknowingly 2 me lmao
You write like a real journalist. Love you.
Indeed...will fan you and feed you grapes :)
I know....I realized it was a bad decision after...
thanks so much Corey! God Bless
If Gladys goes home on #DWTS I will be so p***ed-off. Roshon is nothing compared to her style, grace, and entertainment experience.
RT : "Wait! If they crucify Cee Lo Green, that's awesome." --
Omg just saw on the orange carpet of the KCAs u look amazing love u forevz
. putting final touches on special report for - full of great news for me! See tonight at 9 on
Sunburn on my shoulders<<<
SOMEONE TAKE ME TO SEE THE HUNGER GAMES. FUCK.
homie..been a minute
When you start talkin crap about someone on Twitter, at least #subtweet them. Wow and you tell others to grow up..
RT Cutler-we know Jay is tough. We've seen it for two years. If he's out then he's hurt-period. Chicagoans know.
Hope everything's ok!
Wish I could see in Columbus tonight but I'm on my way to DC :/.
We are stealing away from Maryland in the dark of night, headed for a distant shore. Ready! Wish us Godspeed!
yay grandma!! thank you!! btw what day and what time are we going to aunt angie's next weekend?
It's the saddest, when a close friend treats you different, just because they met new friends.
You coming in tonight for Mar Dee Graw?
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld - The Lost Boys.
Don't do it. You will never know what it's like to live. To grow. To learn. To expand your horizons. Imagine how..
Follow the
Email from new author "An enthusiastic publicist is high on my list of great& valuable assets in this world" Too soon to drop the love bomb?
there for a whole hour so got home late & just decided to stay home. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
aye hmu wen u see this
Thank you! RT : : You guys are awesome.
The market manipulators fell short, but not by much. The DOW is down a bit less than 11 points.
I know u don't know me but I am related to u thru Christ. Prayed for u today as u walk into the lions den in NY! Courage&Boldness
Why would she wear white lipstic! She looks like the smoke-head from the Dave Chappelle show lol
Sore throat, too much to do and unsure how I'll get all my work done this week with three days away from my desk. I need a weekend do-over.
my fuuuckiiiing bad bitchhheees i been miss u so much who can talk ?
Can't wait to get off work and head to the gym. See some gym dick.
WE GOIN HARD IN THE PAINT ONCE AGAIN THIS THURSDAY!!! 1ST DRINK ON US!!! YEAH BABY KLUSOZ!!!
Hi Rob. You're very welcome.
I legit need a pen for realz mine died :(
<<<We might be on the same page but your in a whole different book>>>
it's okay, I have too. I miss you, also.
what class are you in?
I always sing the songs on the radio that I hate
For the #Grizzlies it's now like a 4th quarter "superstars are superstars" time.... Come on
Enjoyed a lively intellectual talk with superintendents and board members at the ISBA conference this morning.
In 1911 Lowell Thomas graduated from Valparaiso College, earning his BA in just 2 and a half years.
Masturbation vid vs celeb sex tape: the former is radical because nothing is or can be shielded, bodily or emotionally.
"I'm obsessed with ," says By creating a "living resume," she was able to have a great portfolio.
I know I know I know.
Catching up on homework.
What??! Tweeples blowing things out of proportion??! No way. No. way. ;)
You can't name another group of yungins we ain't hotter than
What a beautiful, sunny #Friday - perfect for outdoor dining! What's your favorite thing about dining #alfresco? Have you visited our patio?
"MGT is a population management tool of choice; the award of good conduct credits does not increase recidivism" Malcolm Young, Northwestern
Leaving on a jet plane, stuck in my head :)
yep...it's ok. Lots of designer stuff! I clearly found stuff to spend money on! Lol.
and LOVES - THANK YOU for the support!!
well I miss you more pretty lady!
Lookin' forward to doing a song swap w/ Kevin Higgins tonight @ Hondo's in Fredericksburg, TX! Show starts @ 7:30.
In Mr. Viv class listening to Love to love you baby by Donna Summers
You're not making any sense.
Didn't go to school ^.^
Claire, I'm so happy we became friends! We gotta keep in touch :) Have a fun few days in San Fran!
This was my quote in my senior year yearbook...so funny!
So many sweets I'm craving something healthy.
I'm blessed to have a powerful bloodline. That pedigree
Thanks for everyone's support last night at LSP, it was great to meet a lot of you after the game! Back to business for Saturday..
Public is liking NCSt due to recent strong performance vs UNC. More important factors than 1 recent game IMHO
Corporate America...there must be more to life than this....
It is extremely strange that we are even in the mess that we are in. libertarians are the true conservatives, conservatives lost their way
so it has enough room To tie girls shoes in it?
lmfao probly ive watched some before everybody has a stern confused look on there face
New profile picture. What do you guys think?
Going to the White House Tuesday to interview the First Lady!
what you see ya ? I'm envy :''
New topic - Olympus OM-D E-M5 and Star-Lapse or Astro Photography
70s transformed US politics away from middle class with aggressive lobbying from high 1%
Rough day! Off to bed and praying for a better tomorrow!!
digging the site!
How was the cruise with my pal Lowell?
My Sister (not into Social Media) Asked me to THANK all of you for the prayers during Fridays Devastating Tornadoes!! Sis, Bro n Law, ALL <U+2665>
thank you :)
Researching #mozambique #lodging. Anyone have any ideas?
I fucks with
when are yall coming down ?
USDA ZERO DOWN Home Loans, Community Mortgage,Indiana lender 877-829-7161
RT "This has been a work in progress... for twelve years." Another reason why I love Sen. Julie Rosen.
that's what's up. “: #lazyday”
On that note, I'm going to check out for the night. Have a great one!
U'll be Ight RT : Thunder and Lightening be Scaring the Fuk Outta Me
You can join us anytime!
landscapers here are actually not that expensive. I used to have them all the time. But manual labor good for the boys' souls
Hey members! Did you know our 24 hr cust service # is located on ur member card? You can call them to help locate and/or reserve a #car2go!
#IRE brought us for the #Nicar12 conference to St. Louis, MO - any bar, restaurants, nightlife tips?
Working Crazylegs this morning with and Look for us giving "high-fives".
well for asking so nicely, we will send some swag your way! Let us get thru Nola and well get something to u!
What's a #supermoon?? My yoga instructor mentioned it today and I just saw something from Huffpost to tweet it if we see it this Sat.
How+it+Would+Work%3A+Destroying+an+Incoming+Killer+Asteroid+With+a+Nuclear+Blast
I have no excuse at all... Heat the better team this year .....
#erl12 habit was too exclude print resources from cancellation/use studies due to problem of capturing use
Why, hello there. Have fun and let us know what you think. RT I'm at Clyfford Still Museum (Denver, CO)
We're writers, rt? So our signage should be smart, witty. We need compendium of the best slogans. "We are not contingent," etc. Suggestions?
Ok, so I just realized that airports make me insanely irritable, put negative thoughts in my head, and give me gas
Morning! Dropping the princess to school.
That was breathtaking. Kept trying not to believe, but in the end, I cried a little. It was awesome to watch Holly get it. Sad.
I'm looking forward to the next time we meet so we can talk about "Collegetown Terrace," which I glimpsed for the first time today.
Just like a shoe.. If someone is meant for you they will just fit perfectly no forcing, not struggling & no pain.
“Never let the things you want make you forget the things you have
Why wats wrong?
no why?
Quote of the week! "Life begins at the end of your comfort zone" - Neal Donald Walsh
hm is smells so yummy baking cakes and cupakes for all!! call us to pick yours up!
I ACED MY ANATOMY TEST. 101 for the 9 weeks!!! EXEMPT!!!
#lsu oh my God the perfect storm is actually brewing ...
that makes me so much more excited
I see you're following more people..... execpt me ;( *tear*
Sexy UI from
That celtics game is going to make this Vegas trip amazing
Live every day like it's But especially today. Because it's actually
Holy shirts and pants.
new twitter name
Wisdom at Work presents: How to Make a Successful Career Transition today @ noon in the Rines.
how is my puppy doing ?
Thanks! You're uber smart too because you speak German!
I wish the boys actually still ran the onedirection twitter.
Bored. Hmu Me
Who wants to buy a computer?
Glad to serve up a great slice for ya.
I'd rather have a life of 'Oh wells' than a life of 'What ifs.' #YouOnlyLiveOnce<3
Sloppy joes and fried potatoes for dinner, definitely not in my diet but so good! :)
Rainy day blues cause me to choose to roll myself over and pound on the snooze.
you're welcome and thank you; happy UX building!
UNFOLLOW THIS PAGE NOW FOLLOW MY NEW ONE
Assignments after assignments!! It's going to be a long weekend :/
is it cherry season yet?
Happy Earth Day!
Kohl "We need a new facility. Beginning to make plans to get it done."
No problem! Please let us know if youre interested in promoting our touchscreens!
alright thanks!
OMG! I was in front row at Orlando too! is simply AMAZING. :D
#EV ers--help! I saw an adoption rate graph from early adopters to mainstream acceptance for new tech in an article but can't find it again.
that's wonderful , I'm a flirty type of guy, what's the web address?
I could use shout outs.
Congrats to OSU, they deserve to be in the national championship. I hope it won't be a rematch, it shouldn't be. Good luck to OSU!
and yet the parents of those adopted children cannot commit to each other before the state. shameful.
Just drove through WV with huge Obama 2012 sticker on my yes, Volvo station wagon. Saw huge anti Obama billboards.
Courtney has to get it from somewhere. I can't wait to meet her mom. #bachelor But then, I want to meet Godzilla too.
I WANT A FLASHING TOOTHBRUSH.
Happy Monday! Off to Tijuana for a full day of meetings!
First Don Cornelius, now Whitney. How much more of my childhood is going to be taken away this year.
haha no, i havn't been on twitter in a while xD
cc : Why did the emergency signal just interrupt radio with mo explanation?
watching Prince of Persia, hungry af. might make me some cheese eggs. wyd?
Deal of the Day!! Members, mention you saw this on FB or Twitter, and get $2 upgrades ALL DAY! Members have more fun at HT.
I would totally read that. But you'd need a heck of a reason for them to become a superhero in the first place under those circs.
Brady gets Sacked. amd now its 4rt and 12. Patriots Punts it...
hahaha I told you am from kuwait....and kuwait its the richest arab country if U dont know...so I speak a perfect arabic
Fun, muddy, laugh-filled wkend with & has come to an end. Always an adventure! Safe travels home.
iight I'm done, I'm keepin our relationship civil lol
Mel, you're the best!
Baby can you stop the rain...from falling.
Yep... heard those too! Wow.
Weeknight drinking is always a great decision. Fishbowls however, are not
Eating five guys with saramo! I love her the mostest!
In Austin where I met Act Naturally's leading man, Josh McVaney at Friday Night Lights S02 wrap party in SXSW in 2006 We've come full circle
Some yucks from WSJ: "Brooklyn and Portland now have something else in common besides food co-ops and bearded men wearing girls’ jeans..."
my dad just told my grandad was hip and in with the kids. oh dear
“: Nothing like a little breakfast in bed! Reason #57 to get hitched.” please refresh my memory what reasons 1-56 are...
are we talking on the phone tonight?
College girls drinking tonight, know that Friday is still a day of the week. A day you don’t want to spend vomiting!
"No ribs , no rice, no champagne..."
Let's meet up sometime there!
#SAYSOMETHIN is my favorite song<3
RT i kinda wanna be more than friends <':
draft 1pm!~chris im going to beast
anything is possible when it comes to him
this must stop
#kids Laugh Factory Thursdays: Laugh Factory Thursdays Monday, May 7, 2012 at 10:00 PM World Famous Laugh Factory 8001 Sunset Boulevard,...
Everyone go follo*rainbowxplosion* on Instagram for amazing rainbow collages!!
On earth, you'll never be sinless but it is possible to sin less.
help alex get #rocksmysocksoff trending <3
thanks. sounds really cool
Glad to have met at the #sgim2012 poster session. Him: Do you have my contact info? Me: I'm following you on Twitter!
I'd win so fast it'd be a waste of time :)
“: Netflix to announce $1 Million prize for the team that develops an algorithm for efficiently running the company.” LOL
June 2nd @ 3pm RT : when is ya graduation party ?
This life is worth living, we can say, since it is what we make it. -William James
I am so looking forward to 's novel!
i know dude thatd be awesome...
don't hate on the Big 12
I miss that balcony ;)
Let's change the world....
Tune in to Andy Johnson Now on FM 105.7 I was in studio with Andy Earlier
Except on Jersey Shore! Those dudes usually get painted as crazy when they flip out too.
Officially going to do my final dance to Your Guardian Angel by The Red Jumpsuit Apparatus
fuck highschool, please just get me out of here.
very interesting piece...should be read by all dems...
so true! I'll let you know what I find out about future screenings.
lmao omg stalker!!
maybe I included her too because you talked smack on her too . Just saying instead of tweeting it, say it to her face.
How do you even get a permit to build a city on rock and roll?
I said we got it going on at the Freedom School!!
Of course, I still want to keep in touch with all my #green tweeps. I'll still send out #FF and #EcoMonday shoutouts!
often (sadly) no - stuck in what works and why you have to do it that way because of this rule and that law
thanks, you too
warm water and 7up
Congrats on the new single & engagement! Can't wait to get the album on
Now I know how feels getting serenaded to reeaaally creepy xD is a creep!!!
Hey guys! My bestie's book comes out next week on November 3rd so go get yourself a copy!!! "Unsweetined: A memoir by Jodie Sweetin"
lol I tried to tweet you just a second ago.
Have a great time at the Eugene Marathon tomorrow.
“: He provokes it!! RT : Does The Donald enjoy the arguing?” oh he loves it!!
swaggie. :D Don't stress on the naps, plenty will be needed and had during the coming months
hey whats new how you been
but over looking the bird poop fetish lol arent they beautiful? lol yes proud mama lol
Congrats on your new website ! Looks fabulous!
Yep! With We're excited and hope to see ya out there! <33
Advice- do not take a muscle relaxer and then go walking.. with a 2 year old..
the list is not fair, except for City of God, all the others are US films RT The 10 most important black films of the decade
I'm sure these sentiments were taken under consideration. No one is truly happy with the final map.
Just got a "Tumara Nam Kya Haye?" in College Park. Finally putting my Hindi to work!
Its going to be a long night
I would do one back but your name is impossible to do haha
aw. I hope mine actually feel that way! Kids these days ;)
Happy Holidays and have a great 2012!
#1376 jason from both
what should I wear to dinner with the girls and then potentially out to a club? Hm.
Agreed. Glad I'm out of there.
I just finished a 1.41 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
weekend warrior! Go PATS
I don't appreciate being sick right now
Sleeping in my track t-shirt so that's one less thing I'll have to change into in the morning.
no its not...u don't do lawn chairs or popsicles...omgoodness no
Happy #Friday & thnx 4 joining us!
Brent Vest in court 2day.His prison sentence for killing his wife is 60 yrs,but he's asking to get out early. He'll be BACK in court Friday.
Need an excuse to come visit us? How about some new wines on our menu like Chalone Pinot Noir?
If your Facebook posts also go to Twitter but get truncated, you're doing a disservice to your followers on both channels.
is today the day you will follow me ? <3
So thats why everybody wants a fitness ball now ....
(2NIGHT) GRAD BASH @ STATUS... GRADS FREE ALL NITE - ALL ACTIVE UF GREEKS IN FREE BEFORE 12AM - ALL VIP GRADS DRINK FREE CHAMPAGNE
I Know is Tired of Cutting there Own Commercials, Just to Air the Other Ones, to Pay the Bills...
Its def easier to hate then love boy
how have you been?
Cats > Dogs.
At least say Hi to me so I can curb my obsession for you.
Shout out to the bros . Follow them!
Good night all Baaaah Me-e-eeeah
I left Dick Butkus in your car, just a heads up
about 20 minutes north. Looks like rain until nightfall.
RIP Dick Clark. You were the only thing stoping New Year's Rockin' Eve from becoming a complete douche-fest. You will be missed.
Viddy is annoying as shit on FB, why in the world do you need a whole damn app to just play the stupid videos.
you too!
Its a 90s rap reminiscing night....nothing touches 90s rap
Hey, I'm in one of my quixotic tilting-at-windmills flights right now. ;-)
Not pretty on the surface but face it..they were on the road last night so we shouldn't over react about it
The Texas Rangers Baseball Club and Steroid Mill. I think even their front office interns must be juicing.
I told my sister she looked like Jennifer Lawrence kind of.
Love the shout out to the Dice Man. #Oh!
hahahahaha that is so awesome
I always go for the underdogs when it comes to basketball.
Whenever I see someone that resembles someone I don't like I glare at them...anger issues much?
Are you at #adtech today? Jenn and Courtenay from our team are - if you see them, please say hi!
wtf to u too. O this is cheyenne
do I have to wear clothes for this #justdance3 #shirtsareforwork?!?
thanks for the follow
oh ok. But then dress cool. Or somethin like that for the party if there is guna be onee
And then assume everything all.good again
And I'm proud of that decision. I felt that I would have done a disservice to the state to vote in that instance
Seeing the for a second time at The Uptown! Yes, , it is the biggest screen in DC.
Getting to chuck things out a two-story window down a chute is definitely the best way to end a work day at my office job.
Not this again
lol nice. and on tiny chat
Last but certainly not the least #shoutout of the day... These guys rock! Happy Halloween!!!!
no love :(
I am now..."B-Diddy"
Teens - sign up 4 our BIG, county-wide Hunger Games event this Sat., 5:30-7:30pm @ Riverfront Sports. Games, trivia, food and MORE!
former #Sounders F Pat Noonan, selected by #LAGalaxy in the #MLS expansion draft stage 2
Lmao why are you being attacked by psycho teeny-boppers? PS..I've still never heard a One Direction song..and I don't care to.
Coyotes-Derby double? RT : What happens in the #Coyotes game Friday night will have an impact on my Derby bet.
eating allot of hot foods will help!
lol. How do you know him?
well if you can get off bro Ill put you on the list
" I love it when u call me big poppa!" lol
All&all I stay on my job and you can call me Cudi the kid.
come be in my music video today at my house at 3pm
Football was legit yesterday. Its always good to play with the EP crew, remembr Hiram, PC, South, and North.. You tried, but we are East
will you marry me?
YES. good thinking
we are? No.
The earliest known example of an organized market for equities dates from Rome, second century B
lol yea like a hump with curls or even twisties.
Feel the love, man.
can't wait for 9.30..going to change my bed and veg out in clean sheets...perfff
my house friday night yolo?
And here's the shit I hate...
Haha, I can dig that! I'll keep it in mind for when I do a rookie piece
props to MTA for new bus/light rail shelters on howard st. small infrastructure upgrades make it look like powers that be give a damn.
If all "coordinated care organizations" are approved, says , they will cover 90% of Oregonians.
'If the boys ever told me I was beautiful in person, I'd never need to be told that again. But, until then, I don't believe that I am.'
Baja tavern at the port ... Girls night ...
The Killers are playing in the cab. Remember how good that first album was?
Earned my green belt this weekend. (In Shotokan Karate, not Six Sigma)
Nothing like a Sunday morning phone call from a bunch of actors who don't know how to use the Stow 'N Go seats in the University Van.
Developer needed: Any iphone app developers out there available to work on developing an app over the next three weeks? Designs are ready.
eww that just brurned my eyes<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Now onto work. Tweet to y'all later!!
Yogi Berra~ The future aint what it used to be.
is home NC?
“: Why do we get to school 30mins before class? I could be sleeping!” amen to this.
Hey Regina, I love your glasses and I hope you know that I was just joking when I made that comment about them the other night!
i love how were all taking tests..
May the fourth be with you.
At the Digital Summit here in Atlanta--great event. Learning about Twitter trends & SEO.
it would mean the world to me if you follwed me! Pleasssssee follow me(:
and thank u for mentioning my nae in your qrunk q&a segment.
lol i need to rap to u bout sum wats ya cell #??
will the p565 train tonight stop at yawkey for the end of the red sox game?
think varly will get a start at minn or wpg at home? Agree he hasn't been a disaster - just look at his performance in shootouts
Awesome presentation!
There are so many advertisements on interstates! Its like theyre trying to distract drivers!
Am looking forward to a 3 1/2 hour #drive through #snow this morning, customer facing is the only way to look - Hap #eLearning all :-)
yeah they will do this by signing some aging vets no one else wants
Here's your second chance to win today: correctly guess the score between the Giants and the Packers for a chance to win a free Scorzie!
Love when my iTunes knows just what to play :]
im one so by the end you get 50 return the fav
If we did everything we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. - Thomas A. Edison
could be worse. You could be arguing with a 5 year old about going to bed when you have to be up at 2am....
Something is weighing heavy on me I just cant put my hands on what it is but I think I know
Big win for psu basketball
won't load, send it again.
I just love starting sentences with "And."
Off to babysit Chicago's cutest 15 month old. Have to be fair to my other favorites in Iowa and Minnesota.
Gonna eat my feelings away...
that was messed up in a funny way but that's not the same guy we were listening to in the car
Tattoo artists just offered us beer while sitting here. Casually drinking while tattooing.
Steve Jobs would have been 57 years old today. Let's hope his ideas will not be compromised by corporate shortsightedness.
Miss you more!!!!! I'm finally back!
She pulled a Natty Light on you!
alright i will :) its the wild boy one aha, are you gonna wear jeanss ? Like bring them for laterr ?
Happy Hour making your waistline miserable? Try and keep it to one night a week and weekend and watch the pounds disappear.
Anything to avoid thinking of midterms, really. Gratuitous drinking may be involved.
` Uh UH Who Is This HOE . ? #Questions lols
<U+2605> <U+2605> Private Events, Weddings or Bar/Bat Mitzvahs!!! <U+2605> <U+2605> We can help you with one small detail....or help plan the entire event!
Stay tough,
Biking to and from lunch heightens my awareness of food as fuel. Brings me into a closer, more meaningful relationship to it.
What a beautiful day in the mile high city! Are you medicated?? We have what you need. stop in and see us! :)
Is it weird to use #googlescholar before I use my own Univ. library search? Not my fault Uni libraries don't search by literary object...
fudge what? :o
Left my Old Chick at Home, got a New One.
Asking for a ps3 copy btw
First chance to listen to the new album. Loving "One Polaroid a Day" instantly. Is the Faith No More vibe intentional?
A witty statesman said, you might prove anything by figures.
Deductibles: Hospital or Major-Outpatient Access-Out of Network-Condition Specific-RX-Dental-Vision-Decreasing-Vanishing How do they work??
OMGOMGOMGOMG AHH the british or american?
What great news!!! What are your hopes with the study?
In Study Hall listening to #hopsin bored as fuck. Can't wait to get out of school so I can get my phone.
Clifford Irving Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
is so jealous of me. She wants my body, my hair, my boo. Lmfao
Just remembered an epic Ali quote from our Miami '07 trip: "I'll take a coke & rum, but just hold the rum." lol
you can still use RefWorks classic UI. Click the Classic link at upper right of window.
Yes because everyone is expecting those tax return checks. ;)
Wow. Good job with the iPhone app update. Looks good and now I don't get stuck after trying to share something to facebook!
that game is in oakland.
Every time I see someone in a skirt with the vent still tacked shut I want to call the
you don't believe in love but you want a boyfriend/ girlfriend... go fix your life
We drove by it! In a flash it was gone!
RT : is an AMAZING #editor <--- Thanks Tonya! I'm really enjoying my time in Grandberry Falls.
As a man stood at the bottom of a mountain wondering how to ascend. A voice came "one step at a time"
Today's obsession: Mary Shelley.
tweets me, and suddenly I have 3 porn stars following me. #wtf man
Hehe ^^ & I'm good, thank you. What about you? :)
“: Judging from the eBay prices, it's time for Nike to re-retro the black and grey Fab 5 Air Force Max.”(Yes!!!!!!)
Campaign Take 6: Shut it Down...a call for single women to close their legs and open their minds. www.campaigntake6.com
Looking at a ranch in a quiet Tosa neighborhood off of Mayfair. I'll send you a link!
sexual harassment
hold up...letme call 'em & ask him how far from home is he...Ok?
Husband just said, "can't watch a train wreck, have to turn #idol." I've rubbed off on him! lol. Good night. See you at 4:30am!
I know,that sucks. You gotta see this Wrestlemania match I'ma have Sat. at
so the Italian gave Heidi crabs on the first date
ONE ROOM LEFT FOR VALENTINE'S DAY! And don't sleep on reserving your table for dinner...
40 dollars out the door for your smog check just give us a shout out
To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world
Windows Phone is basically useless?
at a daycare!!
Thanks Jen for following ...also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience
Was soo very proud of my son tonight at his very first school performance <3
Exciting details in the works for #NJB2012 ! #jazz lovers and #lindyhoppers need to prepare for fest like no other this Nov. in
I'm glad I'm not a Network Engineer/DC Engineer for Blizzard right now. I bet they're working all night.
it's okay most of the time you don't make sense anyways. :o
LA LA LA I can't hear you!!!
High Five
ESPNU keeps switching coverage between UT-AU softball game and OU-A&M baseball game that was suppose to air at 4:30 est
Rhodes looks nice, but haven't seen much yet (and my time will be limited). Internet access still spotty--hope the conference fixes that.
It's going to be one of those days. Isn't it 5 o'clock somewhere?
No, ah, its, ah, great. Seriously.
Jake, nothing is fun without you. Duh.
he's seeing him next weekend. i was maybe seeing him at the fair.
Thats a cute little article mister. Wanna communicate later tonight? =] At least we actually do that right?
And I mean that lovingly. :)
We had a passionate discussion about JAWS today in the office. Anyone else JAWS-obsessed? Maybe it's just us...
#Celtics +11 in quarter. Larry Drew probably could have called a TO sooner. #Hawks didn't bother getting back on one of those Rondo layups
that is so powerful...can I use this in one of my songs...
Really with this paper that I forgot was due by midnight. I really need to start reading correctly..
Really enjoyed visiting with today talking innovation, technology, and mobility. Find his book - The Art of Immersion.
Happy Birthday Emmitt. Our client Olympic Gold Medalist is also from Pensacola
who you talking about
Don't have anything in mind for dinner. Will have to be "kitchen McGyver" tonight.
: Exploring the means and goals of selling science exploration as integral to the everyday life of children.
i hear birds outside man!
Hope everyone is having a wonderful and safe Easter. The Easter bunny left some nut free, dairy free, chocolate bunnies at our house :)
Loved it! Although I think I'll keep my day job. Not sure if I would make a good hippo dentist:)
Fisher on being traded: "My 1st thought was...how do I turn this into a positive?"
Just because scoreboard says the score is in ur favor...doesnt mean u r winning.Just like...living ur dream doesnt mean ur living
needs followers so plz follow him and he'll follow back soo plzgogogogogogogo
im confused to ?? :/
Like water molecules, change forms to connect with more types of people.
My customer is running 20 minutes late for our appointment. The waiting area only has a portrait of a park bench. Do you see me laughing?
Vick is exhibit A for impact of being in camp on time.. It really works! Favre not so much..
Nina happy birthday you and your cast really actually make me smile every thursday (hey that rymes) -Catherine
We've gotta stay composed as a young team, even with what's at stake.
And I smiled, and I was happy, and it did get worse
Thank god has his normal icon back. The other one scared the crap out of me
"I'm sure we don't have that DVD at home. All of our DVDs are bootleg." teen re: an unreturned dvd
Atlanta Falcons branded jet landing at CMH for what?
It's a hater's job to hate. Thank the powers they exist because they are motivation enuf to kick ass. Your fans will always B.
I'm not, no. Freezing in Canada atm. Next up, Drupalcon.
Instead of eating Steak potatoes n salad. I spent my evening @ the Hospital ):
Thank you so much, Kim! Hope you're well and having a great evening!
want towards me but it was her tweets in general
Probably joining the Air National Guard soon...
thanks, that looks like a cool job! Also I have been bad at looking at the twitter lately :-P
Was hoping to help Andrew till up his back lot Saturday, but I think it will rain.
an @ reply from grant hill means you must be having a fantastic day, Jimmy.
Now showing select UFC fights. Join us on Saturday August 28, 2010 Couture vs. Toney & Edgar vs. Penn2. 7pm pacific time.
WSOP Twitterville How many are in the #WSOP 2Pm Deep Stack today?
I woked up and I started screaming fuck the world
RT I bet hipsters love Mondays just to be ironic, but mostly because they're unemployed.
I'm thinking roast beef sandwhich for breakfast.
You're 10. You weren't in love with a guy you 'dated' for 2 months. Shut up and get off my newsfeed.
The Madiran is so deep and rich. Dark, ripe and spicy, but so balanced with the acid and the tannins. This is phenomenal.
That's fabulous!
Dude, you just know the if Romney was a Dem the Reps would be all over this shit. #DemocratsLackBalls Because of #Nuance?
got a B on my psychology test!!
Damn we just cranked out a new song in 2 hrs tonight @ practice! It fucking rules, can't wait for you guys to hear this shiiiizle!
When I volunteered at a LMC for Prof Mega's class last semester, the LMS put a plastic cover on PB books which helps
Watching Cake Boss at 2 am, you know. Hahaha. -Isabelle
Denis Waitley: You have all the reason in the world to achieve your grandest dreams. Imagination plus innovation equals realization.
Oh Nothing Lol You Know I Just Be Saying W.E
Perhaps things would be better in the U.S. if we elected a thinker from outside the Ivies. They've done some decent damage.
Atleast I Gave U A Fair Warning Cnt Gt Mad At Me Cnt act Lik I ain tell u
#FF cool tweeps i just met :)
Jill is student nursing here this term, and I came to pick her up. Got here early.
Oh you mean THAT morning
Ok, I will see you this weekend. And I will be ready to buy a tee when they are ready sir
What is your favorite Dance Gavin Dance lyric(s)
Nap, hockey and repeat!
I need a new mattress. I think this is the reason my backs been hurting.
WTF is up with that???
Cant wait to get my iPhone, blackberrys are shit!
No lapse of time or distance of place can lessen the friendship of those who are truly persuaded of each other's worth. -- ()
ALICE STEWART, REPUBLICAN STRATEGIST for MICHELE BACHMAN. GET REAL! STRATGIZE THIS. Surround yourself with people that tell the TRUTH.
tonight sucks
Only 9 days of school left... Wow.
just got in. can we text i need my best crazy funny loud best friend :(
I guess not...
is the language necessary?!?!?
is on tonight. The last time I was this excited to watch TDS, Carell was the guest.
Get used to it
still 15 tickets left for an exquisite and exclusive NYE at the best restaurant in Coral Gables
"I'm not a bad driver, I'm just slightly reckless." - Are you serious?!??!
"An economist is an expert who will know tomorrow why the things he predicted yesterday didn't happen today."
Good morning beautiful people
you don't need instragram ;) you look amazing in normal pictures anyway!
just got my eyebrows waxed.. i'm such a gay
yes is looking for a brunch choice for her graduation in May! Thanks for your help!
the agency is offering a signing bonus. *scraps raises 1 eyebrow*
ATTENTION SEEKING LIAR ! haha
And bitches cant find they mann cause i ride it good
im sure #templeowls r glad 2 b n sunny new mexico 4 bowl game 2day...snowing in pa plus temple always smells like ass cuz of mushroom plant
Building a fan base is one of the hardest things
Hello Twitterverse! A long, much needed break and now I am back! :-)
results came out last night girl.
My first DragonCon parade. Practically tingling w anticipation of wondrous sights!
Thank you all for your sharing great, inspirational messages
Well it's 00:35 here in the uk so goodnight
just arrived. is the man!
Drawing a picture of Beyonce..It's a total flop atm -__-
Stamp on college St. should print some "weagles" Tshirts up for the fall on grey-heather shirts.
other things found while cleaning: an envelope of manuals for products i don't own anymore, love letters from three relationships ago, dust
Sounds productive. Mine's pretty good! Mostly work, but some play.
amherst massachusetts right? cause i live in amherst ohio ?
lmao it was 3 in the morning thank u very much
After recording we worked on a Vince Guaraldi remix for the Christmas show as well as another brand new song featuring samples from Debussy
haha! You have a NASTY mind darren...lol :P
really now. lets just be legit right now.
haha in the nicest way possible ? , (; lol and true i love mi angel so ill divorce him (: you deserve him !
My unemployment was denied! Soon I'll be tweeting from whichever public place I can find for temporary shelter.
If you aint homeless or poor, then don't ask can you have some of my food BIOTCH!
I may have to start walking to the train in the morning so I can make regular stops at Menu looks yummy and veg-friendly.
It take yu to hit #RockBottom for yu to Grind to the TOP!!! Life don't pause and the bills Don't Stop!!
Yes it is! The books are available at the Bookstore.. 1st floor in the general reading section.
Did you know that today is International Labor Day? :)
Went to The End of the Earth Yesterday! In the U.P. Of MI. I should have been weary on the way up passing through the HOME OF THE NIMBRODS!
Congrats! That's huge.
U were on fire today on #News4 at 4. & I have got to start figuring out those secret code words!
congratulations on the new baby boy!
: Brought scriptures to school to study today pre-study. Very late night. Lake Michigan gorgeous at low tide.
I'm wit u sis., motivation=sexier me!! Gotta get it right!!!
The Tree Of Life: #great film, just let the picture unfold, visually stunning and quite moving
Getting ready for our weekly mastermind meeting at our new office! We can all comfortably fit around the table finally.
what happened?
What do you have?
MGE says they set new power record today between 3 and 4p, just about the time I turned my vol knob to 11 on Dirt Road Anthem
Two semesters of Conducting should be a requirement for organ majors.
why thank you that's such a kind thing to say lol
Thanks for the follow!!! :-)
hahahah ik. Best picture ever :D
i love being tan <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
NetCDP allows you to back up your files to S3 or NAS. try NetCDP online backup for free.
Night riding in the bus tonight, love this weather!!
my wifi is annoying, its slower than my lan
Don't forget your GREEN today!!
Huntsman: "Don't pay Congress until they can balance the damn budget"
Lover! Are you going to make it to Kate's wedding. Please say yes so that hilarity can ensue!!!
My name is & is one of the best singers I have heard! haha see what happens when u leave your twitter open!
Forgot to watch Mad Men and it took Twitter 30 minutes to remind me. Gonna go watch instead.
Deion Sanders Explains Tweeting Pictures of Kids
I was unaware of major problems @ the 5....
OH EM GEE.
NO SWEAT NO SWEAT! I will never 1234 get bout you,yo love yo sex,you know I worked you out like bowflex!
here in this house? Or what?
You want the twitter logo? Too?
if the nuggets do that they need to be prepared for elbows!
It took me awhile, but I am finally getting into 'New Moon.'
Just confirm you received our promo code for a free download?
Follow us #Now!!
Andrew Davis, Darling spokesman, on accusations of vote tampering. "Tamper all you want, you are not going find 4,000 votes."
Brookstone @ the Foothills (528 unit apt complex) reverts to beneficiary, AIG Global Investments w/ $35m credit bid.
Darkest hour!!!!!
Hollywood is old again!
#traveltip don't make a move without your ID
#1thingilove - spooning. And my pillows suck at it.
Quit breaking my heart
Feeling very content tonight. I like it.
Aw, thank you Quinn! I appreciate the Denison love ;)
TRUTH. RT “: It's not selfish to ask for what you want”
I gta get back n the.gym I lost alotta muscle when u cummn home
'It's like taking a P90X workout, kicking it in the balls and getting it done in 20 minutes.' - Nick B. commenting on what CrossFit is like.
Be in the know. Check out www.bloomfire.com
In days gone by, Turkish bridegroom had to promise that they would always supply their new wives with coffee.
But now my head hurts.
I know right
We want accountability grounded in reality: 1that respects the dignity o the profession &recognizes the complexity of what we do
thank you :]] & yeah i'm showing already lol. i'm due in july.
Tory miller from l'etoile is suppose to be there doing a lamb course thats not on the menu.
- thanks for the retweet!
oddly...I feel the same way!
I just got spammed by an Oxfordian. The nerve!
Thinks DDoS attacks are juvenile
The ushers have to be the nicest in the industry! No attitude and lots of smiles!
Naturally =p
Everyone wants to know what in doing on my day off tomorrow. I think I'll open the chamber of secrets and possibly save Narnia afterwards.
haha, that's awesome
aww, thanks! I'm blushing. : )
Whenever you call baby I
Thank you for all you do for books and authors everywhere!! xo
I love how he says night to me every night no matter how late it is(:
Happy Day Jen! Hope you Okay, God bless you (:
Its my birthday weekend so whats going on Atlanta
Accordin to a source, Uthoff hasn't appealed any of the schools on the restricted list. He had 2 business days 2 do so and window is closed.
try? U mean I didn't succeed? ;-)
Ahh well I pulled myself up after I flushed mine, so I got you on style
On lee trampoline :D
YES! We'll figure it out! Listening to my grooveshark sweetlife playlist as we speak :)
As mother's day approaches, let's not forget the "moms" that serve as mentors, foster parents, coaches, and teachers to all children.
He's noticing he's growing rigid, & he recognized something important there, but he noticed he could not quite connect w/it.
I'm good, v happy that the weekend is here. You've been busy w/work, haven't you?!
Same with psychologists. No matter how much experience you have, it can be traumatic to see such horrible stuff.
I want to hear the stories! ...possibly over margaritas with the n crew. Smiley face for yes.
NFL Network not smooth with delivery, but anything is better than Berman, Mayock talks a little much.
I NEED to finish the movie Beginners. My cable box and I were enemies last weekend and it cut the movie off.
ah! yes, gotcha
:) It really did put a wry little grin on my face. The image is just so ridiculous.
Who cares, season was over!
Im listening to Storm Warning on the radio in Texas!! Love it:))
From Wiz to Childish Gambino. This good weather has me in a good mood.
Talking to my bestfriends kelsey and faith. What werid, awkward convos we have!
"Joan of Arc" played by Ingrid Bergman in 1948 excellent
And everyone on this bus will not stop staring at me ah I don't even wanna know how crazy I look right now
I texted ya!
Aerobics, high-cut briefs and Alan Thicke? SOLD.
I've found some good options on Amazon for replacing flips. Sony makes a couple of good ones, and kodak too.
Nails done #check <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
it's killing me! My last email arrived at 2:01 am. I understand occasional outages, but this duration is tough to forgive.
I hope it rains more so my track meet gets canceled
twitter is where I go for all my current world news.
Those who grew up with this - mobile immigrants are the rest of us
If you're in Albuquerque come down to our shop.
Good work! I own it but I've yet to break the seal :-/
Tomorrow is the big day, iPad 3, AppleTV refresh, who knows!!
If #SportingKC were in a movie, what would the plot be and who plays who?
Without struggle, Theres no progress......
it was great to meet you too - happy (new)househunting! :D
baby you're the one that i love. baby, you're the one that i need. you're the only one i see <3
Yea better than staying home RT : still ah touch road nuh true .
I was taught 2 say "bye" n u was taught 2 say "i'll call u rite back"...I guess we were jus raised different
Thanks for mention!
Always! Looking for more from you to add to your featured section.
eek. Or at
the you're shaghai'd thing? It's a good everyone's on the same page, a but tropey but hey pirates!
“: nice sounds” good looks.. we fuck with the mixtape for real sounds like that virgina nice
Well Thankyou! Hope you dont work in a hospital or air traffic control lol !
It would take 10to16 mos. to get them ready to Bid,that would only be20%of the work,then hire 25% more thn they have, all BS
Hell, who knows?... Maybe even my golf swing will get better - Arnold Palmer
ikr its like she left because we "hurt" her feelings like no -_______-
I f*&^&^#(*# LOVE referrals. Thank you very much!
I know man. You know how I long to be a babushka. I will stick to the borscht.
See, that's the classy response!
Next Guild Meeting: Jan 11 at the Mandrake
Vets tinnitus related to blast induced hearing loss can be debilitating. ETSU researcher notices link between tinnitus, PTSD in veterans
Funn Fridays. :P
If Seek and Destroy doesn't make you feel like screaming Fuck Yea I feel sorry for you! !..!
Visit our new VMP YouTube Channel - www.YouTube.com/VMPcares
BW = 200lbs. 225 PR pre cancer. Now, 165. Can't stand up w/ the 185# today. How's the foot?
Hey my lil leprechauns! 19days until St. Patty's Day O'cincy style! Are you following yet!??
pilot project w/MARLI - find an affordable (for libs), sustainable (for pubs) bus model for all
Yes, , drunk tweeting can be a problem...
You know, I think he picked the very worst topic available for the last paper.
There goes the no hitter
where u at now
Well i'm bored home alone and sick BLEHH!
Dats what I'm tlkn bout Kobe
follow backk?c;
I tweeted this earlier today, as well! It makes me so proud that scruffy Jon Hamm looks like my bf~
Be who you are and say what you feel because those who mind don't matter and those who matter don't mind.
RT ": Finally got a cab to go to in long branch. Cab driver says to get me again ask for "the punisher"."
Text the keyword "NEMstudents" to 313131 to receive the time and location of Saturday's FLASH PROTEST!!
#ConcertWishlist Kip Moore
It's the doo doo of fast food..and i've eaten Panda Express numerous times.
One way to get the most out of life is to look upon it as an adventure. William Feather -
I been online chatting with the Oracle all night. #Motivated i know what i must do....
Asking skeptical questions a/b homosexuality at bible study. Using points from 's speech at the seattle journalism convention.
Replacing the badly cracked screen of my iPhone was way easier than expected. Gotta fix broken windows.
I've been in my room all day. Its starting to give me a headache.
All this shit talkin tho...Mayweather better win or its OVER for him!!
oh ok
Thanks to all our followers! You'll be the first to know about fantastic deals, including one we're announcing tomorrow! Tell your friends!
#Muskie Huseyn Aliyev (on R) discusses foreign investment in Azerbaijan at Tulane Univ Law School
The Teen WOlf Cast U were amazing this season GREAT JOB!!!!!!
UNDERDOG CITY---UNDEFEATED! you go, !
I saw the most awesome arbys in new orleans. It was sick!!!
The main fact of our world and most of the people are not care of there health especially skin. We must be concern of our health.
Insidious was actually quite good, despite the kids in the theater who couldn't keep their mouths shut.
I wish you followed me :/
Its seems like when you in a relationship... it hard to balance friends and your man.. ugh!
i still cant get on my personal account. every time i try to log in, it gives me the whale. for 2 weeks now.
#WorseBreakupExcuse Making a person feel like they messed everything up, when they cheated and got another woman pregnant! Devistating!
Sending Ricky Paulding to repossess your diploma.
Improv 101 grad show today! EEEEKS! wish me luck! :)
make a basket for me okay? ;)
Time to relax
Hi all! I'll be live tweeting today's Twitter 201 webinar w/ hashtag #cision. Pardon all the tweets!
Mitchell would be awesome, if the point of hockey was to hit a goaltender's pads.
Biggest losing day in my poker career. <3 vegas
SUCK IT JIMMY! hahaha
question... how did u find out about me via Twitter? Or why did you decide to tweet me in the first place???
Spent the day w/ & 13 awesome MS students. We danced, drummed, learned Arabic & ate around the world!
In a tense social situation, many with #SocialPhobia fear they don't have the necessary social skills to successfully navigate the exchange.
Who wants free drinks at #ClosetSundays? Details coming soon!
6am lifting with Coac Durk. Lets see who was all talk.
8 weeks :) Did you decide what's next for you?
#Browns Is it bad when your GM sounds more excitable than your Head Coach?
Thank you! Albuquerque is a great place- I miss the food, weather, skiing & definitely the people! But I am loving Ohio, too!
you should follow my music twitter to!
hahah thanks! it will be hard... tell my parents I love them! and ;) hahaha jk
Is your nose feeling better? And so you're not mad at Millie anymore, I apologize for her... :p
I like Gould over Gostkowski. He should just have more opportunities to kick FGs
hi back!
Hopefully i get a b-day greeting from this guy
yeah! Lets start out own!!
yes thats exactly what I meant and expect.
thank you so much for the birthday wishes! That was very nice of you! I haven't been on Twitter in way to long!
Damn I wish I was back in Cali so I could go to wango tango :( I wanna go home!!
thanks for the follow! Looking forward to more of the mag!
We are rocking the Soham Dance event today at the Vittum Theater (1012 N Noble) today. It will be from 1:00 to 6:00....super excited!!
Looking forward to 's #autism chat at 1p EST!
Goin to sleep for a few jus finished studying sum....back up at 7 for the rest
I want that jet life no tags
The things we just saw on chatroulette. Unimaginable.
Boyd again cant get decent service... On the bright side Zizzo will open things up.
Plenty of vitamin water choices, Gatorade, Energy drinks, you name it. If we don't have it we will work to get it.
Hey B!! I'm good...sorry for the delay. Hope you are. When u comin to visit ATL again? This time let me know!
me too! Conference = great value Information rcvd/networking=priceless
#20ThingsAboutMe: I like to hunt, fish, go riding & have fun
Thanks for the follow Anwen, I like your wordpress account!
yeah, incentive based. win enough and you get a chunk of gold.
Go heat
What's your favorite track from our demos? Comment and tell us!
I was channeling some serious Ille Nastasi out there today, for damn sure.
Haha ok tell him to bring it
5 mile run today . . . don't forget that inmates do cardio too!
#DearHair thanks for still hanging around.
Ah....that sounds like a challenge! Will have to check it out and give you my review.
Hi, we're a new church in your area. Exciting & loving. Check us out & follow back & our pastor
Thanks for the follow and the RT's!
only can get a table change if you have a piece of the player or are partners bankroll wise or something right?
Learn the history of Nutrition: New Rifftrax | SkullBunnie
That'll be the last time I go to any type of dance with a date again.
Happy Hannukkah to my Jewish friends! Enjoy your "8 crazy nights"!
Tomorrow! Come and enjoy the musical stylings of Matt Cantlon for a free lunch hour concert!
I'm 18, I have a child, I have my own apartment & pay my own bills . #grownup -
Funny How Honey Aint Sweet Like Sugar!
Saved by the Bell has not stood the test of time.
RT : Early bird registration has been extended to May 15, it's not too late to register! www.denvercenturyride.com
Hi Marat thanks for the follow :)
Just saw a Domino's commercial for cheese sticks stuffed with cheese. WHAT HAVE WE BECOME
RT '' Your getting out of Disney?? (:'' So false. & I guess that smiley face means that you don't like my show :( Lol.
I'm sorry but my official WINNER#2 will not come out today..However, I will deliver a client pick that I like very much
Oh no! Get well soon. RT : The doc saw me today and I'm progressing. I just wanna be ok for tomorrow night and monday. Ugh!
anyone go out to the go radio show Jesse sang at a few days ago?
Just got pulled over for 20 grams of kush but they let me go thanks to my medical marijuana card...thank god they didnt find the O in my bra
join the dark side ... its really cool
isn't it amazing that out of no where #Cain is top of the polls? Makes it almost seem like he was turned to the dark side.
I need more followers too. Go
I hate old people.
Kobe and lakers getting bang on I said it thunder !!!!
Fuel up for last-minute shopping with a Gingerbread latte. It'll leave you brimming with holiday cheer!
Does it have to be a fancy iPad 2 or can it be one of those first-gen dinosaurs?
Congrats Scarlett Johansson on your Star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame!
So let me get this straight. The Pope has an I-pad. And he tweets?? Nice to know what the leader of the Catholic church does all day. -SMH-
Trusting you was my decision, proving me right is your choice.
Very excited! My mom is visiting from out of town. Picking her up at train station. Should be a fun couple of days.
It's only a bit over the top...
U hav a bad mouth miss hi how u doing.
It was beautiful, and you couldn't see the nuke plant from the deck. Lots of great birds though!!
I want her I want her I want her!
cody simpson on so random i love him so much XOXO!!!!!!!!
#AlexFollowMe (: it would make my day! <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Doesn't everybody know the only things you need to be an "official" voter is white skin and a penis?
Omg! sister played girlfriend in justins music video for #BOYFRIEND :) wow!!! I cant believe it
mystyle Shop-It List: Floral Kimono Cardis, Fossil Bird Earrings & Flocking Shower Curtains Things we want to buy this week... 1. Lace It
Leverage the "super connected". Connect to users that supercharge your network effect.
That's cool. I listened to 2 cuts off the Killer Mike project and that's more of the type of El-P production I like
RT : Wearing headphones for just an hour will increase the bacteria in your ear by 700 times.
Asked a co-worker why he wasn't going to charity pizza lunch today. "I don't give money to charities that save babies." HUH???
new cash clown ft cap1 racks n bands listen here
Really missing #SXSW this year. I hope everyone is having a mind-blowing time.
House Ways and Means
holy smokes, mylo xyloto and 75° sunny days. my heart!!!
President Paul!!!!
U ever cough so hard that ur leg cramped up?!
My job rules! I get to work with lots of cool people at MIT and tinker with web sites, apps, & gadgets... And get promoted for it!
i dont think i like any richard gere movies...
Getting some film developed from a disposable camera! Don't think I've done that since 1994!
I guess, but we should be used to it. They're showing people @ the store stocking up on food for 6" of snow. Quite funny:)
Another Badger's choke job at the Rose Bowl.....ugh
#ItsOkayToCheatif you're dating a 7- and the side girl is atleast 3 points higher. For example, you can cheat on a 5 with an 8.
no, actually, it's a "Well, look, the most noteworthy thing in the room is not happening on stage" review.
But are you? Any chance of more than 1 night in town?
I want whatever surgery Big Fat Bartolo Calon got.
yeah let me just drive to your house?!
RT : Happy Monday! Make it a great week for your local economy. Support your local independent businesses.
showing some love follow back
I wanna see The Lucky One :(
": U wanna win 2 tix to see me on the BOOK of MORMON tour & come backstage?"//Who wants these tix? Everyone...but mostly...ME!
Today's headline mashup: "Jessica Simpson Reveals How to Eat More, Weigh Less."
Good luck to my future hubby George on best actor tonight!!!!
Yeah me too
is just a row with extra virgin olive oil then extra extra then extra extra until they get to 32?
It continues 2rain n Atlanta. Perhaps the rain represents the tears of heaven rejoicing with joy of the return home of TheRevDr T'Ofori-Atta
is your train going to downtown STL or Kirkwood?
: say it aint so!
Next on my agenda: Josh Taylor on "Going Digital: Organizing Research Files Electronically."
NEVER LEAVE US " Retirement from means I'm back to my own twitter open all the time. Returning to twitter for realz yall."
I'm just so busy well actually I'm just too lazy to charge my phone everynight haha
The combination of math and being stuck inside all day = cabin fever.
Restaurant soft opening= me in 5 inch pumps for 7 hours= some note worthy pain! But I will not give up my heels. I love them. I need them.
I love you bud:)
Oh, I should head home..
Desperate need of a back massage.
I might need them! ;)
:) Thanks Jenna! Have a good weekend!!!! Ps. we figured out the computer stuff, you had $45 in referral credits!! woo hoo!
Trainer opportunities at Samsung Silicon Valley
Next journalist who writes "now's your chance to go to Harvard" (or variant) in re the online courses gets bitch-slapped.
Thanks for the follow!
What do I want for my birthday? A pinata full of snicker doodle cookies.
Yes. I agree and` applaud that. AFTRA gives residuals`away to major studios instead of cutting a break to the small guy
I wish someone in #Boston with a car would pick me up an ICE COLD 30 Pack of #PBR :).
Heard on the radio that 40% of 14-18 year olds"Don't worry about birth control, they'll get pregnant when it's their time."
RT : Aerospace fans, local contractors welcome #Boeing #Dreamliner to via
Size does matter...;)
Well, I guess Johnathan Joseph didn't want to risk pulling a Glover Quin.
eminem > everybody. Lol.
that cool it is going to be my 1st race I go too
Prep guys are douches especially my brother
FYI:Benihana sells their sauces. I buy the Shrimp sauce and Ginger salad dressing ($5 ea)Do stir fry at home. My kids love it!
...and Yay to Adrienne & her team for the Children's Lit Research Collection finding aids, another CLIR Hidden Collns proj
Medications can be used to help with sleepiness, Modanfinil for the secondary treatment.
Who does number two work for?
I have to hear my husband Fab everyday :)
but from recent research I CAN tell you that online poker players make more $ than pro soccer players. ;)
and I love being a little sister
Won't Stop - ft. Such a good song, you guys are great !
Watchin Grey's Anatomy
considering changing my to-do list approach: items to complete, track and think about. Thoughts?
It's nice when someone in the office opens the door for endless hazing.
already? It was one day.. I'm confused.
I've been thinking about picking that up because of all the extra cuts and features. Get it on Amazon?
I think I needs to....
the cab drivers in london ... soon as you say you american ... talk talk talk ... we are 'the great experiment' to da rest of the world !
What do you mean?
We are doing free ticket give aways to our home show December 9th! Keep checking our Facebook and twitter the next few hours! [RT PLEASE!]
Come on. They was bias when you battled T-Rex. Oh math street...he's hood for real. All I heard,.. whataboutthebars!?! I'm Lyin?
Happy #FF :-) Cheers!
Would LoopScoop be interested in providing a judge for our Chili Cook off Nov. 5?
i cant wait to eat some tamales man
Masters in Information Systems
"Entrepreneurship is the ultimate human sport" - Bo Fishback, Kauffman Foundation #sosummit /via
First Kick off here. Teaching on spiritual dreams & film scenes, then rockin' & rollin' to Heinz Field 4 the Steeler/Jets game tomorrow!
Local news on now at work in SD. They don't have any sources better than TMZ, apparently...unable to confirm suicide yet.
RT : This weekend's landmark #afam12nu conf. provides a great opportunity to launch our Twitter presence. We invite you to follow us.
Can't you ever stop being an attention whore? ..or is it just in your disgusting nature?
This is not a drive by
i have nothin to do.
Where is everybody??
Before you talk, listen. Before you react, think. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit, try.
Just got accepted by two impressive organization. These links will def. expand Studville. Blessed!! >> Thats whats up! Congrats!
are u on it??
Getting ready to go to school <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Whether it be a photo, a poem, prose, or a musical composition, send it to cua.crux[at]gmail[dot]com. We will judge your work with care.
Sweetheart, that means when you graduate your diploma wont be worth shit. Sorry to break it to you. You are wasting your time and money.
Key word ADULT. We must find solutions to protect kids without negating the personal sovereignty of ADULTS seeking ADULTS!
I prefer the later usually. :)
spending my morning hooked to the pitch
Woo! A nail bitter but we pulled it out and won a tough one on the road!!!
"The first thing you do in a video game is die." -- Dr. Andrew Phelps
Polenta is my new comfort food.
UGH. Sorry to your country from all us 'mericans on behalf of all the morons.
Winterhawks Playoffs Round 2 begin tonight... we are live at the Coliseum at 630 #GoHawks!
I love that commercial! M...chips.....
"A heart has no color." Sybrina Fulton
really? Again ???
On the road again, let's hope the snow stops. Road + Snow <> Safe.
Thanks! And a big virtual hug for the encouragement. It is always helpful. :-)
CANNOT BELIEVE YOU.
On average, Tweets mentioning Star Wars have a higher CTR than those that don't
Able 2 pick up w/o crime is tricky issue & I don't have answrs. But think there's leeway, esp w minors.
Hi and thank you for the follow. Cheers!
so nice to hear from you. Thanks for the kind note about my #acting #modeling #summit. Hope we get to work together again soon.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool "I'm bored!" "I'm hungry!" "What time is it?" "I don't get it!"
What is the average airspeed of a coconut laden swallow?
yes ma'am!
Hey! Made the Exquisite Pizza Sauce tonight, and it was crazy delicious. Thanks for sharing!
Who says you can only do your best. Developing a skill is always about improving on your best.
very cool!
He never got up, he never got up We live on the cusp of death thinkin' that it won't be us It won't be us, it won't be us, it won't be us
can I get a photo
grrrr does anyone know how much it costs to book ?
To the Happy Few by Merwin & The Lightkeeper by Forche & If a Clown by Dunn, favorite poems I read out loud to a friend.
At work getting it in... Haan
That awkward moment when your in traffic and you look behind you and the guy In the other car decides to flip you off. -___-
In re JFK: Werewolf Hunter. RT : ... Spoiler alert: the shooter on the grassy knoll? Using silver bullets.
C's graduation was great! Bittersweet!
The piece seems to act as a ligature between two other works: the screenplay for "Crocodile Tears" and "Variable Piece #70: 1971."
aye real shit we need to
So I was on the Division bus earlier, and there was this guy sitting across from me wearing a wedding ring, but staring at EVERY female!!!!
"If you create brilliant content, you don't have to pay so much to get the news out there," Scott Symonds, AKQA Media (yup)
Think history is boring? You won't if you follow !
Mindless behavior loves it there
The flopping is worse than soccer..
I love sports!
My little acne breakout can go away at anytime now. It's annoying.
thanks but I don't think they'll fit me :(
hahahahaha oh gosh no
Brainstorm with colleagues to get questions. Talk about cost (if appropriate) on website
Cake! Cake! Cake! Cake! And it's not even their birthday! Lol
tweet me for a follow back if you want one :)
just show up to the Christmas get together by yourself and tell everyone Merry Christmas and you are welcome lol.
can not wait to go shopping with Nanny mommy and Aunt Kimmy <333
RT : RT : Every Notre Dame student to have a google portfolio for their 4 yrs at college www.googlios.com
be sure to stop by, I've got a real live bubbles type on my corner, oh and bodie and Wallace, and dukie, and..........
Nobody can change me. You can either ACCEPT me, RESPECT me, or HATE me. Whatever you choose, it won't PHASE me.
#checkout time
Go to where you get it! Money, love, attention & respect
What was your favorite Super Bowl commercial?
careful who u show(;
We're saving up. RT : About $325,000 RT How much does a 30 second ad cost on Monday Night Football?
Taking text from web without permission and attribution would be copyright violation, yes?
PEARL BAILEY...BY REQUEST -- PAY-WHAT-YOU-CAN PREVIEW Thursday, November 19, 2009 8:00pm $10 minimum expected, more gratefully accepted
Hey, the mighty #ohchat is doing a #CelebrityRoast at 1 PM Central. , anyone? Part of a 24-hr Tweetathon for !
S/O to da Females that spent they whole Welfare check to see Drake perform last night
might attack the proposal again soon. Can I get storytelling into it?
Awwwe I love thay chevy commercial bout the guy tryna fix that old truck his dad gave him :/
who cares!
Thought I’d be alone for the next 5 weeks while C’s at MacDowell. But now I’ve discovered the mice.
One down, one to go
How does a song from South park turn into a TV show on the food network?
lmfao damn forreal thats too long apart from each other<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Expectation: "Okay mom, thanks love youu too byee!" Reality: "Yeaa... Okay... Yeaa I understand.... Okay bye... Yea... LOVE YOUU BYEE!"
RT for a chance to win a FREE $10 TAB to use here tonight! It's also #ToxicTuesday which means $2 YOU-CALL-ITS!
Lou Gehrig's first career steal was home plate. Stole it 15 times in his surprisingly many steals.
I hope I can get back in time to see the Celtics Sixers game! Am I missing anything?
To all my loved ones in Hawaii and Japan... please be safe.
Celebrities in the Stands
Just read the wiki of Supreme Master. Fascinating!
Freakin rebel! Next level manuever. -- RT : Venus is the only planet that rotates clockwise.
Bases on psychological study, a crush only lasts for a maximum of 4 months. if it exceeds, you are already in love.
Nothing Like sports talk and writing to make this day better!
Let's face it, joepa died a long time ago. It took a mean case of the hiccups to finish the job. RIP
RT : An instructivist approach to learning involves teaching strategies which include feedback, reinforcement, review & practice.
When your parents talk to you about sex. <
There is the risk that you cannot afford to take and the risk you cannot afford not to take.
RT : Another flaw in the human character is that everybody wants to build and nobody wants to do maintenance.
I love lmfao....
yes, are you?
here's an interesting factoid: four of 5 Little House on the Prairie books are checked out.
“ I need a chick with a body similar to hoopz !”
It is for freedom that Christ has set us free. Stand firm, & do not let yourselves be burdened again by a yoke of slavery. Galatians 5:1
Happy #FF to our friends
Haha manny yes walk those booties to the beach
If you haven't had time to take a look, videos from the #ITC12 conference are up on the presentation repository site!
Stop Ha. ": There will NEVER be another Janet Jackson. Her whispering has purpose!"
Which albums are you liking?
omfg that song gives me feels. not the lyrics really. just their effing perfect voices together. ughh love it
Saw Johnny Carson doc on PBS. Unquestionably, he he had a big impact on pop culture.
You Text Em?
back at ya!
. invited me to go drinking tonight, but I made excuses. I just want to be with you.
Lead me to the cross.
Goin to see we the kings today!! :D
It's morning in Las Vegas. Lead, follow, or pick up a copy of the latest BLVDS and develop your perspective first.
i forgot to ask my friend if she needs anything from Michaels when i go on Sunday.. Well theres always tomorrow..
oh dude hell yeah!! I wish my ass still lived in Germany!! Nothing would stop from going to that game haha
CM Morrison goes through motion sheet which formalizes worksession discussion on #atxcouncil procedural item.
Thanks for your mention Uncle Sammy!
if 443 is the number, it is the 4th most rushing yards in a game all-time
I am really mean to my parents
still up?
Aren't you shocked? SHOCKED?
: between all these amazing organizations I'm not sure what I should be more excited for!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
omg "runaway baby" "thev lazy song" everything..!!!
I'm having to do a presentation on traditional spring break destinations and all I can put in activities is party balls.
Just updated show information for Torch's Birthday Show The Bone, Deep Ellum!
miss u too dude
A gr8 deterrent to NCAA crimes might b if teams wore infractions as nicknames 4 a year, e.g. Miami Hookers 24, Ohio St Tattoos 6.
license to ill was one of the first albums I ever bought.
GIVE THE GIFT OF HEALTH RATHER THAN SUGAR OVERLOAD TO YOUR KIDS. Emergen-C Kidz - grape/fruity flavors dissolved in sparkling/filtered wate…
Im in a bad mood for no reason.
I have that effect on people.
I'll say "you're welcome" and "I'm sorry" at the same time. SO addicting!
Just watched a bunch of Kal David videos. What a great blues and jazz singer!
Fuck u wit the mask on Halloween pussy
what's up man do you new when teen woif is comeing back on mtv
about to cray cray with the one and only
Gave my mom advice this morning on flirting w/ a guy on FB. Now they have a date next weekend. Best mother's day gift or what? ;)
Got me an iPhone. RIP to my bb
depicting Apple as elitist seems to be a good strategy in this economy
I agree!
My mind is blown
Iced Mocha Coffee. Is there anything else one needs in this world?
A large international law firm is in need of an exceptional Records Supervisor in #NY. If you are working in a law firm records center and …
Go with the local theater.
who y'all lay-off tho? Lol
Yes! Great month to visit the PNW.
grilling out !
Ladies when y dealing w yself and u want to pic a mate go w the things y can overlook and watch whats infront of u
aw, thanks so much! Just checked out your site, awesome stuff too!
Brain Floss: The youngest person to have wisdom teeth extracted was 9 yrs old in 2004.
So, Bevmo apparently doesn't carry Paddys, and hasn't since 2010. Where else can I get some?
follow me & I'll follow back!
What does that even mean? RT Issue is bigger than Katz.
I LOVE THIS!!!! (the Mockumentary crew)
If I could I would.
Wished I went to the doctor this morning :(
OMG I'm shocked! ": A study found potentially dangerous "genetically modified organisms" in Kashi GoLean!"
The challenge, to me, is to demonstrate value/position in larger networked ecosystem of scholarly comm. +
miss you 2 =)
Gotta like the FIAT
When your hungry everything taste so good
life can be a bitch.
Got my old Windows desktop out of the basement while my Mac is unusable from simultaneous data loads into PostgreSQL and 4-Store.
Wow...throw up in my throat...really?
My TL is full of cliches right now...do better y'all LOL
Tomorrow is Friday
Clearly it was a joke...I am not a man...Stop being a player two ass nigger and get off my dick!
OMG! all the belieber's should have their own belieber symbol. best idea ever<U+2665>
Still very windy, weatherman says storms later today
Last day of 2011, have an awesome day, & here's to a kick-ass 2012! Happy new year!
Awww you should his youtube name is jeyyounit11
No, this is a different account, just need to use it more often.
Thanks for the follow Amanda! Long live the 90s!
It doesn't matter where you've been - what matters is where you're going - and how you will get there.
You're amazing. I love you Miley!
Democrats pressure Obama to endorse gay marriage
Need to focus on teaching community to use maker tools instead of the quality of the content?
Good luck. I hope it all works out for you.
I usually stay up a while after the kids to do more work that I need to do
Oh yes, Mama Melrose is great too. I wanna try the new chocolate dessert they have:)
New Icon! The boys in chicago. Me gusta.
no way i can make it tnght... woke up late tdy and i look like a hot mess..cant be showing up like this. count me in for oct!
sure I'll help you trend #MOMS4BIEBER but Im not a mom yet lol.
I'll drink to that!
Ready for my #WISCONSINBADGERS and #russellwilson do work on them #oregonducks tonight!
Luckily, my lovely wife came to hang out with me. :) Been here since 6:30 this morning, though! I love our customers. :)
#NowKpopping Big Bang "Love Dust" (*^_^*)
Tired and I have to wait for my nails to dry<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
That commercial on Chicago TV with Bill Clinton waving his finger to scold us into voting for Rahm makes me even less likely to do so.
Football. I'm getting a concussion just watching. Flashback to high school and getting carted off after a vicious hit. But, I could cover.
‘Love your neighbor as yourself.’
GM tweets! Have a blessed and resourceful day!
Thanks for the traffic! ID# klsljamz
the hardest part of living is just taking breaths to stay.
The Muffin Man is on Logan Circle this morning! Come try our delicious Blueberry and Cinnamon Apple muffins or some of our brunch breads!
Woops! Well I am just the tourist...
Rode to MoPac and back in less than on hour just in time to catch my son's new favorite show Hero FActory!
Beautiful day for...flying on a plane. So long Orlando.
Better make sure I keep my smartphone safe so I don't lose it in a cab while in NYC!
Enjoying listening to my cd I just got from Rick Fisher at RFI Mastering yesterday. Hey, after waiting 5 years to finish it's a big deal!
Just watched "Killing bin Laden" and the details are fascinating. The Seals are some bad dudes.
RT : Happy Birthday Will! It's impossible to imagine living in a world without your plays and poems.
LMAO U STUPID
You, too, Fiona!
likewise. Healthcare execs? Not a biased resource either. Thanks for recognizing my genius though earlier. Appreciate it.
I miss you too (:
Start college August 20th :)
yup, serious indeed. I'll be there in a few days and then back in the beginning of December long term :)
Thank you. We won't fry any turkeys on Manfred Court.
“: Almirola finishes 19th. solid top-20 run for his first Cup race at ” thumbs up to partner!
bwaha! Don't be alarmed.
Good morning sir! RT : Good day my
RT Good morning everybody. Let's make a major movie today..... Pull out the video cam.... Let's get it
You have a DM
And these twins got me drooling. Smh
RT : 3. Always do-overs 4. Everything is measurable 5. There are feedback loops on everything they do
Firey Hawaiian... Cant go wrong there!!
our thoughts are with you. Stay strong.
Rock beats paper and scissors when you're a crackhead
You sure it was a robot? We're mistaken for those pretty often...
Congrats to for recycling over 100 pounds of plastic so far this month
5. Antidisestablishmentarianism = A word once used on an pisode of Recess. I believe it was Gus who used the word
You never fail to put a smile on my face :)
So excited! Meeting this composer tomorrow who is S.I.C.K! Feels surreal having my song(s) come to life! :D
If the new iPhone screen ends up really being larger, expect Apple to release a research saying the average human hand grew 1" in 5 years.
Can't get this sign out of my head: "We have growlers of kombucha"
Lol random people are following me! EPIC WIN xD
Shares of BlackBerry Maker Hit Eight-Year Low - ABC News
I'm trying to be better than I was yesterday.
Thanks to everyone who came out to our Cinco de Mayo Fiesta! Hope you enjoyed a good party and fight! :)
OhMy...and u do got sum #hips.....So when u gon stop in richmond
u r my biggest role model and a big bro that i did''nt had deuces breezy
: your welcome I will go check that out ...
hey jmo's mom here. Hope you are doing well. play ball!
yeah i do = D
Really hoping that Lenn Sakata was the Mega Millions winner in Baltimore.
There really are too many law students in
Happy Thirsty Thursday!!!Come on down to Little Darlings!Get $2.50 Corona & $6.00 Jack Daniels and a Darling on your lap! Let's PARTY!
What would you rather drive ?? Lamborghini or a Ferrari ??
Better than Swisher Salute
I just spent 2 hours working on that list of my fav 90s jams! :O Let's do the time warp agaaaaaiiin!!! xD
s/o to new follower
Thanks Dior! :)
ok sounds good...be sure to join our email list for updates
When will people stop writing for computers and start writing for people? Just got this tweet: "Vision Eye Eyecare Laser Lasik Article" Boo.
Jamming to the high school musical soundtrack to prepare to see in the lucky one premiere
Sans the ?, typo on my part. - GL
i luv corny jokes they r so funny i know i am crazy
my dog's are deadly but silent...he's a farting ninja :3
Just got home practice went real good.
RT: jordan was so good at attacking the basket, most important offensive skill to me. averaged 37 in '87. made 12 3's all year.
Your company has failed me. 4 hours of patience have done nothing except to cause frustration and an uncashed paycheck.
Our 2012 New Years Countdown is 164th in the world on the app store in reference category!
Pu-er tea helps digest greasy foods. There are also many other benefits such as weight loss and enhanced memory.
Don't u just want to eat EVERYTHING today?!
it Will work. Just don't paint patches and use that as deciding factor. Send me pics, would love to see. :)
#IfIHadThePower to arrange for everyone to have a place to live, there would be no homeless.
Just mountain biked 112 miles. Solo. On a single speed. Pretty stoked, to say the least!
Wow. He's an ass
This is wedding season..call us to schedule a breathtaking release for your special day! from 1 dove to 20 doves!
Money comes and money goes, but if you are educated about how money works, you gain power over it and can begin building wealth.
that photo is incredible. I won't say whether that's a good thing or bad. :)
Support local arts, artists and crafters this holiday season. Tis the season to support creativity!
bummer! Well, I hope you can figure it out!!
Guess I'll just stay on my own shit too..
I'm going with wacky for fun not for sports
every time I watch #community I am struck by the pure genius of it all. If #NBC cancels it, there clearly is no God.
Hanging out with the fellas.
RT : MOSS ICON and TURING MACHINE OUT TODAY!!!!!!
umm.. my mouth is !bleeding.. damn wisdom teeth are out but still causing problems.. Ugh. and deep sigh
Nothing like a good humid day to make a #Sandlapper reminisce about home.
Migraine plus quarterly reports don't mix
AR Fox flew over a ladder onto Sami Callihan. That was awesome.
we're drinking a shiraz with our name on it. actually, it's Santa Helena's name. She does good work.
We're sold out for now! But we have more meat smoking and we'll be open late night tonight starting at 11pm!
GET READY DJHUSTLE (I DO IT FOR THE HOOD) CELEB BDAY BASH IS COMING SOON ARTISTS EMAIL ME @ 2 PERFORM & V.I.P. LIST
Well, Zambia has made us proud this nite!
Diameter of hair: 0.1 mm
Bout time Willie P has a big fantasy week!! Go Steelers!!!
LETS GO HAWKS
the black eyed peas just can't get enough is a guilty pleasure song of mine
Hysterical. Just looked at it w/Hannah before class.
Now that I got Pinterest going!... What 's the etiquette of how many Pins in 1 day? I think I'm going to get the bug I was afraid of :0
I guessing match of the year type ish
roswell is on netflix! OMG! But first Tron.
They've gotten off pretty easy so far.
Man on fire has got to be one of the greatest movies of all time
maaammmaaa just kill the man !
You're very welcome! I hope you enjoyed it.
Follow back me is a Sexy account related to Porn ;)
tim says at IT blowjobs are taken very seriously
Yo momma's so dumb, someone said it was chilly outside and she went and got a bowl. Ha!
you deserved it for drafting Finley
Don't wait for six strong men to take you to church
It is more of a challenge for #ChuckNorris to kill something with a gun than with his bare hands.
so true!
#ULTRABAR THURSDAY IS COMING DONT FORGET TO GET ON THE GUESTLIST FOR FREE ENTRY SEND NAMES TO 202-200-7627
American = worst airline ever!
RT : It would make me so happy if Facebook's upcoming stock market ticker symbol was "LIKE."
"Even if we seem to separate, eventually it'll come to pass and she'll need me. I need her . . . we need we" <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><U+2764>
Fabulous! Thanks for this!
It's really more a laff whisper. Isn't it James?
wit a twitter
for a big fat Armenian wedding haha
Flies are dumb.
Tired as hell but I want to see London...
I thought I was doing well then I looked at my achievements. I skipped a lot of stuff in Act I. I need to see if I can go back
Your welcome check us out reverbnation.com/rachikass
If had a penny for every time I thought of you I'd be a billionaire.
RT : I'll be speaking at #mombloggercamp, an intimate, hands-on #blogger conference at :...
Omg...sorry to hear that. Praying that you get well with a speedy recovery. Take care.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
girl cause i cant breathe when your touching me [;
Such a great class on Saturday. Love to watch young actors grow!
u look like Blake Griffin shooting a mid rage shot
Sweet dreams dear Twitterverse. See you in the morning!
Rapids were as hot as any team going into the playoffs that year. Routs at home, results at Dal, LA and SLC
what does this mean that I won?
Don't waste time getting revenge on someone. Watch n wait for karma... Then u can smile knowing karma's not coming for u
Well, you are allowed in Chinatown ": I'm in brown flip flops. I can't go past Arlington."
thanks for being such a great fan! Check out a soundbite of "Down" at www.kellieluvella.com tell your friends Cecilia!
So ready for retirement. I have to learn how to play golf.
just b/c im on my laptop next to you does NOT mean you are invited to read everything on the screen
los angeles. Treat yo'self!
i feel you, the little ones was like that too, i dont think ill have problem wit dat part doe
Monday April 16 - Monday April 30 Are going to be an INFIERNO . Nothing but Fruits , Vegetables & Liquids . Blah!LetThisChallengeBegin. 8)
has #Irish_Moxie ! Irish Moxie is the 21st century nectar of the gods.
1000's of homes across America in need of repairs equal MILLIONS OF JOBS!!!!!!! How many times do I have to repeat myself, I guess alot
Everyone and their #Mom is getting #Starbucks right now! Happy Mothers day to you special ladies out there.
Up Next: Panel on diversity issues in crisis comms!
Good luck!
story of my life tho... instagram is full of creeps
Wait... Elijah Wood, Josh Hartnett, Salma Hayek, Usher, Jon Stewart, Jordana Brewster & Robert Patrick all in the Faculty?
woke up way too early and omg actually tweeted.. -lauren
I have amazing friends.
driving in the car blasting tswift and you think of that?
Wanting to buy a vintage jean jacket in black or grey. Large size. Any ideas?
You're welcome!
...before YOU fuck it ;)
gurl I'm gonna unfollow you if you keep promoting toucan sam.
I've decided that all Monday Free Days are casual for me. Jeans it is!
: RT : Just ordered my .. Can't wait to use them!
Michel Eyquem de Montaigne~ We can be knowledgable with other mens knowledge but we cannot be wise with other mens wisdom.
,peace and happynice
Ugh, Emily has a Twitter stalker RT You have the goss & how many women has he married & that to me is quite sad.
wow!! I just saw pics from Elton John's after party and I must say you look amaze!!! <3 the fashion police
Ceramics are highly regarded for being low maintenance and easy to clean. That is what buyers want to see, a clutter-free home that sparkles
All u guys that didn't vote fucking suck!!!!! LOL bvvs! DUMMIES
Thanks to a sweet demonangel I get to go to Jeff Mangum AND so does Violet
hey beautiful girl. You should click my follow button. You know you want too:)
They killed allison
Pick-Up Line: Use index finger to call someone over then say, "I made you come with a finger, imagine what I could do with my whole hand."
you wanna go? I don't play that. Stop before you hurt yourself. 10 followers lookin A$$
Guess no one's gonna wish me a happy birthday. You guys suck jk lol
Love knows no distance.
i wish everything was different
Eight shows left for A Christmas Story. 4 this weekend: Fri & Sat 7PM. Sat & Sun 2 PM. Then Thu - Thur 7PM and finally Christmas Eve at 2PM.
did you now?
I wanna hoop so bad
Yes Sir!!! LoL
man smoke sum niggas bored af
if you could have experienced what I did this past weekend you would have never left..shit was insanely ridiculous
it was a pleasure meeting you yesterday and today at callbacks...
for real! The ones worth keeping will love you for you.
Damn i need to go to sleep. late night snack first ^__^
No, my mom's other friend. I think she is in a different part of the camp though... And i totally forget what it's called. Lol
Low down ass motherfuckers. Wait till we find yall.
if ppl wanna fuck they should fuck!I just dont get the excessive meandering!
for sure... Glad she did too! :)
Does anyone still use phonebooks for their intended purpose? It seems like an extreme waste of resources to create and deliver these things.
"Jerry forgot to vote."
No! Not when it's a question I asked!
Wow! Go Pau!
Thanks, and ! I’ve been meaning to do that for a week and just kept forgetting. Thank YOU for listening!
I hope so, but New York is a far different animal than Denver. He is a class act
thanks :) haha an for sure sounds good!
Embarking on search for next week's "Making a Difference" candidate. Believe it or not, there is almost too much good out there.
Is wondering how a 3 month old can be a time-suck vortex? Will I ever regain this time...do I get sleep credits for it?
thanks for inviting to play with clay at your Fire it Up camp!! Friday already! But, we will be back!
what? I don't think thats real
- I'm sitting in a coffee shop in Hollywood, and it starts playing Vh1...and LONELY BOY!! That's not even in the 8 mil count
i miss u tew
Er ah winning
my nails are kooooot.
its just a song!
Hey Pagne, we'll be there!!! Looking forward to it!!! Hell yeah!!!
thanks for the follow
You know when you walk by a dude who wears the same scent as your ex? Blllllaaarrrfff. Am I right?
Is it weird that now when I hear dance for you, I think of you ?
my new icon i die whenever i see them:O
waking up to someone pounding on the door in your room <<<<<<<<
Need more follwers so I can follow you!!! We are at our limit right now!!
im surrounded by asians!!!
well I think me and you should be together
haha, we're cool. Great shots btw
I am watching the postman wee up against someones tree
Im crying and venting on twitter because thats the place i can say what i want but my parents are NOT gonna take texting away.
last tweet is the perfect example of what I think about when I am not thinking about anything for too long
Didn't want to reach too too high :) "love the homework"
Vegetarians, calcium in soy milk is only 75% as bioavailable as that in cow's milk
of course! Gotta keep an eye on the competition! Also I get a kick out of the way Gingrich says "warshington".
lmao thats the WORST! Now u double mad. I called this lady so many cartoon names its sad. I feel bad
Hamilton Beach shoot today...
we hope everyone has a great time tomorrow! Thanks for choosing to spend your Saturday with us!
My baby brother has a band concert followed by a baseball game tomorrow night.
Confession time I made that!!!
Your plan for fall: September - Study for GMAT; October - Take GMAT; November- Apply to Richmond; December - Get accepted. Start in January.
looks great so far. I bet that roof deck is going to see a lot of use.
I have a shopper! Finally! Went to put Mouse in the van after our little trip to the mall &this is what I was told-"No, no! Don't wanna go!"
Oh, that is the worst! I type mine in Word just so I have a backup. Our system sometimes doesn't save or shuts down w/o saving.
rap and bitches, rap and bitches, bitches and rap, and rap and bitches until all of it switches.
we definetly missed you today but did a great job kicking us off!
i'm a chubby chaser.
Determined (Ideas) Peace God!
This time Sarah tweeted anarchy and chaos
Midwest STAND UP!! Just tapped Great Lakes Brewing Eliot Ness! We're exchanging "prohibition" for "exhibition." cc:
More on the bizarre incident on a Jet Blue flight out of New York.. made emergency landing in TX & Captain was acting very strange. News8
If you wanta know how I get in 'those jeans'..then you better play some "Ain't Always Thirsty" tonight !!
My boss actually called me a "NYC socialite" today. Looks like I'm staying put at this job awhile. :D
Steganography: a "technique that young people use to manage audiences" via at
your window of time to get 55% off dry cleaning is shrinking every second! Get over to www.crowdclick.com for a great Martinizing deal!
Verdict - Pete sucks, Sal needs someone to talk to and Don is the coolest! Great premiere!
Correct. You have not yet crossed into wet slick territory.
no problem, just order an app, side or drink for each :)
have you watched being human?
#20ThingsAboutMe 4. I love making people laugh(:
agreed. So tired. And the days feel so long
That awkward moment when your friend is getting yelled at by their parents and you wish you could just disappear or become invisible.
So the Jets will figure out how to use Tebow, but Denver couldn't? And Elway & Fox are supposed to be #Genuises?
Sabres actually won..and I wasn't able to watch it. Smh
: I think that I figured out Tunisian accidentally when working on my purple/white/green stripe afghan at 16.
Happy birthday to Arek of Arek FKA MixTapeLive AKA Best sports editor in the world
"Frosted tips to the Heisman Awards? What the heck was I thinking?!?! - what #tyrannmathieu will be saying 5 years from now
17 shoe gum foresters.
says #army is a good example of an organization that is making great use of social media.
Oh Texas de Brazil, why must you mock me so? I merely tied my record tonight, consuming 5 lbs of wonderful meat, but now I can barely move.
on younow.....TO THE GROUND!!
bob now has new pillows so all in all it's been a successful weekend at least from my perspective
": "First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win." - Mahatma Gandhi"
that's a serious looking Austinite right there.
I'm not gonna be saying ONE WORD ANYMORE during classes for the rest of the year.
Poor Italy.
I hate when I think I see things in the dark :/
too many repeats!
haha yeah:) my family is giving weird looks
Do you have a caixa in your car?
New twitter namee
Ok text me now *LiVInG LiFE dOINg ME*
love the image of the Straights on your Twitter page!
Out to dinner with my family celebrating my mama's birthday!!!!
ohh nice. And you mean 28th, right? Because there is no 38th. :P haha sorry, I had to. And at least you'll be back for
Go East!
steak tacos, motherfuckers!
The fuck is going on in westside Santa Cruz right now? Alien attack? Escaped bus of felons?
MARCH IS CUNY VOTER AWARENESS MONTH. Voter Registration Drive at Queens College today from 11 - 3pm with NYPIRG & Delta Sigma Theta.
I am entering my first music contest thanks to you guys, wish me luck?(:
followed x
They'll speak negatively about us but jealousy has taking over their minds.The words they try to break us down with only makes us stronger.
he's our Noah :)
we def need to re-connect soon
My Snap out of it moment? Realizing I didn't have to sacrifice kids or my business. I can have it all! What's your story?
don't discriminate. ALL marriage is to be feared.
Thanks for sharing some good news about Pasco RT :
“: No longer reading news sites that force you to click through each individual item in a story that ranks 10-15things.” agreed.
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 32
that wd b great but don't count your chickens. I'd rather fight Al Q than the Repubs.
I can imitate it perfectly (:
what don't break me will make me stronger.
Am I hearing Danny Elfman?
The thought of giving up sugar makes me want to eat an entire chocolate bar. This is why I won't give up drinking.
Little boys playing in the water complex on cross country >>>>
are you a casting director? or just a networker who knows people :P
zero news coverage
Take that Prob and Stats!
Lol summer time.. I'm ready to just SLEEP! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> seriously Boadneck drains me ! All this early waking up and stuff. Summer better come fast! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
RT Happy Birthday to my great friend and one of the best guys in the city of #Boston. ! You deserve it.
it's not that i dont believe in you its just i know youre gonna fail
#shoutout to new followers #appreciate God Bless
if you want to sleep and need help, just turn on the golf channel
how you doing Nathan? xx
Nut's Grill in Wise, VA for lunch. Best hotdogs in the mountains except to my momma's.
Amen, sister. RT : Is it just me or is it annoying when people tell you to follow them on twitter? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I wish for all our children many teachers like you, Aviva! Thx for beginning my day with inspiration!
*squints eyes in an evil manner*
ok, butterface - shut it down. stop talking and get out of my yard.
What a great idea! :) RT : I'm gonna take myself on a romantic sushi date!! I'm thinkin Wednesday @ Umami Moto. Hm #Yess!!
agreed.I take issue more with the assoc. of archives with "save everything". I wonder if those apps will take off.
What time are you leaving the CH Growers Market today? 1:00 p.m.? 1:30 p.m.? -thanks
Hey, I fixed blog. It was one in my blog roll thing. Some other site was screwed and messed mine up. Thanks for the help.
RT Some of the amazing kids from DC's Stand Up For Kids
I will be so glad when I have the office computer up to snuff. Wasting an hour each morning to address issues does not help the bottom line
Nice to meet you.Last week, a colleague told me I must read VOLT. There's a Post-it on this screen reminding me to buy it.
I guess I'll go to bed now...
the back of Roland Martin's neck looks like a pack of hotdogs
Fo shoooo what you doing tonite? Going to the game?
No New Years Resolution, just gonna Rule the World!!!! #inmydr.Evilvoice!!!! lol God Bless JO-WAYNE 2012 + JTP= Winning!!!!
just obliterated a joomla stylesheet to make it work. And work it does.
Cat woke me up at 6:30 for breakfast, now I don't think I can get back to sleep. *cries*
She should have seen some good teams.
You know Blackberry was Down this week U forget????
Missing going to NON HUMAN but launching Beyond Biopolitics at Grad Center will be gratifying
My iPhone screen is starting to lose chunks of glass. Gonna have to bite the bullet and get it fixed.
Feeling sick ugh
Decided on my tatt (;
<==== RT : Yoooo who knows how to make weed brownies?!
Off to skool
Need wiper blades? Just saved $10 on a set of Trico NeoForm blades with Teflon at Advance Auto. Premium blades at a standard blade price.
god i want a grammy
I can tell when something wasn't important to someone.
I like to pretend I'm domestic by leaving a #realsimple magazine on my coffee table.
i have high hopes for Hollins, i think he will have an impact.
Dont feel bad Fakers fans,thats what happens when you play a better team,see #knicks vs Miami
I got my whole weekend booked
Thanks for sharing our app Scrubly! We really appreciate it Mahmoud.
Best week of the year...The Masters
Right, I'm just saying that it's something they probably could have done a while ago, but waited for it to be an E3 thing.
This twitter update is #wack... Gonna try uber social!
When a character in the movies says, "I want answers and I want them now!" they never get answers.
thank you.
Good morning grinders!! Rise and shine!
Sunday Trivia! Who's a bigger icon for bad epic movies, Sam Worthington or Liam Hemsworth? Answer: Taylor Kitsch.
my dream last night <<<<
Patriots are gathering in New York City to protest the Ground Zero Mosque, What do you think?? Please join my blog.
want to know: When did you graduate from AADA?
"Let the past make you better, not bitter."
Tonight, I was in the corner to coach my first State Champion. First of many. Congrats Daniel. Next stop: National Preps.
Wish I could. Almost home but heading back to meet up with at the usual spot to start. You around?
The video game medium has evolved a great deal technologically…culturally not so much
"Oh your dating my ex? Cool. I'm eating a sandwich want those left overs too" was witty/funny at first but ive seen it too many times now
Who's got photos from our last few shows? We want 'em!
You have pointed out my flaws once again, as if I don't already see them.
#Thatawkwardmomentwhen I play tetris for a little while and then my mind is still trying to play tetris with every thing I see
watch'n boomerang...taking a break from writing for the album...
I hate seeing beautiful girls upset and angry.
#IKnewItWasOverWhen you said you had trust issues.
Who is the next GM?! RT : If you tweet me questions about I will answer some in the next few days.
"Eagle Eyed Tiger, new band name, I call it!"
shoot, might not be able to make it to the launch party tonight :(
Today is Humanities Advocacy Day and NCA is communicating the value of the humanities to Members of Congress on Capitol Hill.
happy birthday tho bro
awww! yeah i've been on twitter all day and my fingers are soo tired! :p
Protip: Kinect Adventures on the 3rd floor of the will make you sweat. That is all.
ill call you when im done cleaning shes making me -..--
Fake plastic trees.
green officially, but I think I'm going to corral hop into orange. You?
Just got off work
Good question!
thanks, but I've been trying to get him to notice me for so long. You're lucky though, I'm glad !
There's still business to attend, as always, but days like this demand a writer's attention...the creative urge can't be ignored.
corner guy looks like
did you get one?
Hey thanks man, U Rock, God Bless!
I stumped that devil
in da Loop
we like rain at the zoo. It scares off the lightweights and the animals all become more active. It's prime time.
Just bowled my best game: 154. It's only downhill from here..
Oh my gosh. :O same here haha
It's well-deserved is what it is!
thats what happened to a team mate last year. You're literally gunna sit there and be like "JUST SAY SOME RANDOM BULLSHIT!!"
im still tryin im letting go of all them slowly i gotta let them down easy
That looks really tasty, if we do say so ourselves....
I hate saying my name. I think it sounds weird when I say it.
Hoping to see some Brewer Magic tonight.
dang we're opposites cause I dont like oysters
Of course we are! How about yourself?
Had incredible tour of US Senate and White House yesterday with my class. Not basic tourist version, the geeking out over furniture edition.
A disgrace and a scandal and a shame - David on copyright. Amen, brother!
I just saw Kris Humphries grab a rebound and slam it home. Trying to think of a way to make that an analogy on his life. Hm....
Did you guys change your name from NextGen? Seems like a lot of activity going on...congrats!
I'm really, really worried about
We're open till 3AM, so come and get ur gyros after a long night of drinking!!!
When Im waiting on someone to pick me up, I creep through the window until they get here...fact
Why do ppl say they dress to impress ? Why tf you care how another mf feel bout what you got on ?
#Str8LykeDes... In my eyes "Love is like a battlefield".....
God Morning
waz up bro
Boom. It's like that.
If you got some crazy message from me yesterday know that I didn't send it. I have undated my login info so hopefully it's resolved.
I need a cigarette but I'm afraid I might burn the apartment down.
I believe we do! Haha I am all over him on that, don't worry. You'll be at right?
tell her I said hello:) from Florida:) lol
Too!Much!!Caffeine!!! #Finalsweek!
thats real ratchet but UA COMES OUT IN A HOUR so its al good! two UA ablums will be in my hands!!!!
Anyone else getting "promoted" political tweets in their personal twitter feed? Shame, it is, really.
Overheard in my living room: : who are these guys? Me: who cares? None of them are Christopher Plummer.
I DMed you my number.
We need more shots in tha fuckin paint dawg
Hey Daniel - love the photo. Who did the drawing?
just ordered more paint!
Siri doesn't know how to spell gazpacho, Apple commercial
Just spent the last 3 hours with at the school parking lot
Thanks for your support Ian!
Thumbs up!
What time does the DLC release on Xbox live marketplace? It still isn't up.
I Love Easter and it's wonderful promise ! I Love spring and all it's beauty !!
Its soo cold out and I'm still waitin on this bus if it don't come at the time its supposed 2 ima be 1 mad cookie!
and my day is pretty good
We're preparing to launch a new site for conflare.com! Stayed tuned.
#thingsilearnedfrommovies only dates attractive white girls
If I recall correctly it was your suggestion good sir!
what's a phone booth?
Come get your free #KNICKS headbands, towels and mini posters! It will be a sea of blue and orange here at Bring your friends!
your current iphone is wonderful and serves you well. replacing it only takes away monies from the new house's needs.
Newt promises trampoline to the moon!
Finally listened to your show today & am totally making spent grain granola. I tried to make oatmeal w/ it once...
The average human body contains enough carbon to make 900 pencils
Meh...beer is expensive everywhere. What they have at MMP that's out of this world is the brisket sandwich. #WhereIsMyIntern?
meeting with video producer/editor tomorrow finally!!
Today, my administration will host a Private Sector Job Fair at the Cradle of Aviation from 10am to 2pm.
You guys! I just got invited to a Gossip Girl party! I'm guessing it'll be like Playboy's annual Mid Summer Night's Dream.
Government innovation strategy session with Get ready world!
we look forward to meeting you soon and hopefully with !
me too!
You're on, let's do it!
you will like reader as much as bloglines if not more.
Have yourself a late lunch at the B, dine in or carry out!
No worries. Saturday night is fine with me. Ladies? cc
Every body got beef lol childish
Around April 13th will be my first appointment for my half sleeve tattoo cant wait! 1200$ so much money 0.o
Monday Mantra: “Fear is a natural reaction to moving closer to the truth” ~ Pema Chodron
An excerpt from Nickel City Opera's Barber of Seville has just been posted on www.primalcine.com It's very good- check it out
I want a pet that doesn't require a lot of attention b/c I have mood swings ....turtle, bird or a pussy cat
Stained glass?
#laapff #fastfive Just returned from the L.A. premiere of Fast Five, one of the first to see the movie in North America. Amazing!
Good morning my Tweeps
The real danger of chewing gum at school isn't being caught by your teacher,its being caught by your friends
Babysitting today. Fun.
I'm so sleepy man!
same, I've been a Mahomie for a LONG time & I see that he's changed, we aren't hating or anything but he HAS changed:/ I dmed (c)
So close to 500 #Followers guys!! Let's get me there! :) xoxoxo
Your mind is controlled by you & only you
Eye experts say 90% of eye injuries could be prevented if people would wear the right eyewear for their task or sport. Get used to...
Follow us Rashida...we promise to be mildly funny, intellectually stimulating, & fascinating since you care about the world
RT : new year's resolution: quit eating candy before I go to bed every night #HDSholiday <nice. maybe i'll add quit candy in...
lol ok wen they done ill show you
Also, its clealrly LeBron's fault that Wade was terrible tonight.
I am in a classy cab. CLASSICAL MUSIC.
LOL, I second that! These documentaries are closer to the stations original purpose than most of what they show today
Happy #MothersDay! What's your favorite memory with your mom?
LOT of shows this weekend. Big nights for 's EVOLVE, , , ahead. Best of luck to you all.
hey do u have the iphone 3gs or the iPhone 4
Sorry, not sure. Only saw a sign for it while passing on the road, so should be open soon if it's not yet.
lol thanks =) good night
Alice took my #amwriting down the rabbit hole with her. Will chocolate lure her back out?
It's not about knowing everything before you start... it's about starting with what you already know. Action is your best teacher!
I accept everyone for who they are to the best of my ability. I am happier using this method of relating to others. #Acceptance is lovepower
what do u know about ?? That's my favorite version too!!
Thanks! Definitely a challenge
Getting off work early tonight for a change then hopefully doing something tonight. Its homeboys birthday
Mavs just keeping the Blazers at arm's length here..
Bitch shut up yeah <U+E105>
um why do you have my dress?
I wish! once he's done fixing whatever you need, pass him on.
Hope everyone knows how important the 1st HBCU Awards, we have to continue to Highlight HBCU Achievement for many years to come
I wonder if Larry the Cable Guy actually sets up his own cable.
Ryan misses me!
Senior night theme for tomorrow, America. No joke
umm you're 14 years old.. get outttaaa here!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCE ! I got you some M&M's :D
I dig. Shit keep working. I was 170 a year ago. I'm 210 now. How tall are u?
WKU comes back to win 5-3 and eliminate ULM from the #SBCSB Tournament. Lady Toppers advance to play South Alabama.
#barbiebffNTN what's the NTN mean?
#Kobe 2nd greatest of all time.
I've gotta start stepping up my street cred or else no1 is gonna take me seriously as a gangsta rapper.
they both win! find the love Mr Bouris
Riyadh the capital of Saudi Arabia
I love to squirt!
darn this is gonna be tough to vote I watch 3 other shows that I love on the list,lol
Man is condemned to be free; because once thrown into the world, he is responsible for everything he does. ~Jean-Paul Sartre
I love pine sap. It's my favorite.
i hate the lakers but he really not tho
#Top100Lies I'm a photographer now, thanks Instagram.
Um, Greta van Susteren thinks some Drew Brees passing record is a bigger deal than NFL player safety?
Tulip skirts are very hot on white woman..just saying
yeahh... I didn't think you'd find out.
LOL! All you have to do is visit Wrigley Field and we'd convert you into a fan pretty quickly.
Doing anything for the Mayweather fight?
#GoCLIPPERS!!! RT : Here we come San Antonio.... Way to fight today team!
show tomorrow in Modesto
Congratulations ! You all win a FREE Mango Pineapple Smoothie! DM us with UR info.
M no better way to start off the day then with gatorade and doughnuts!!!
i'ma resurrect all my ancestors, & start a revolution. - got zombie armies set to POP! \m/
Our band mom wants to know where you guys want us to stop by before the year's up! So to this or her at !!
Sweet! First in line !
You should start drafting the screenplay for that movie while you're at it! ;)
Wishing all screwdrivers were sonic today whilst re-arranging library shelving...
Sex relieves tension - love causes it ~
My email address is restored. Please use "" when contacting me. The other addresses still work, too. JDG
I was wondering if the software update was worth it. Thanks!
Final day of summer slam. Tune into on today.
I am training for my trip to Vegas like is training for the fight. I hope I get to see him at the weigh in
The technician is here, hopefully he can fix the dishwasher!
as an end user, i want things simple too but would frame that as a unified set of experiences.
#whyilovecanada its #americas hat
Wakko packs away the snacks while Bill Clinton plays the sax!
YESS!!!! I will help you on him following you!!!:D
Huge 40$ Christmas trees - 2 days fresh noble firs! 4324 Clairemont Mesa Blvd til 7pm Sat night!!! Best Deal in SD I've seen
"The heart was made to be broken." — Oscar Wilde
Did Atl make an effort to keep you?
Yes, March 30 is the deadline for Pages. We're already working on ours behind the curtain. Love some of the new features!
Dear Government: Thank you for check. Love, Phoebe.
's fingers must be smoking he's tweeting so fast from court.
y is that
who is she
Im Hungry...
My Xbox was delivered today. It's very red...
DITTO! RT wishing i was on a beach listening to vampire weekend. womp womp.
actually I was APPLAUDING you for making fun of Miller Lite!
Milwaukee School of Engineering offering FREE master's degrees! Yes, they're really FREE. Todd Hicks Todays TMJ4
Beautiful! Hoping huge success for you.
you'd better tell your boy he'd better win on his home track!!
Reading: What Happened to Goodbye, by Sarah Dessen. The teen girl topics aside, she has some of the best contemporary characterization .
baby bro stealing salads
The CD was developed by Philips and Sony in 1980.
I feel really good abou this essay for English. Watch me get it back and get a C.
Thanks for the
Thank you and for your support of Parkrose sports.
How am I being a smart ass lol quit being a jerk
Thank you!
That is amazing. Mom and I are very excited :)
-The link for the commercial real estate e-book doesn't work.
people don't understand that this is the internet and you can't take anything anyone says seriously
damn i haven't been on here in a min but i guess i can return
can't wait to see you in Denver, I got a puff with your name on it!
Gross couples <<<<
Pretty quiet for this #saturdaylibrarian except for a nifty research request from faculty-comparative research of French-based Creole
AP Test this week.
Oh my good goodness gracious me oh my!!!! #TheAvengers is frakkin' #AWESOME!!!!!!
*Young Street vaults into your timeline*
B faithful of its real
I'm in new jersey. Having a party on Friday. Who wanna come
I dont know, cuz if you actually had AIDS wouldn't you not say anything?
lol. I was gonna say that!! You Chug the beer them flip the cup upside down.
Woke up with your Nikes on - should've trained your pet to get his write on
Experiencing some downtime, server should be fixed shortly!
that b and tried it dub. I tthink they r
My days About to brighten up here in a few mins :))
Top gear. Oh how I love this show
do y'all think people are over-hype Lebron winning his first ring if it happens?
There is no surprise more magical than the surprise of being loved. It is God's finger on man's shoulder. ~ Charles Morgan
Is it a problem that I own 17 packs of gum???
Love hearing Ryan say Defense is not a driver of debt, only entitlements. What a clown. Why do I listen to MSNBC
what's the best phone tmobile offers right now?
Over the process of two days I have been to two of my favorite restaurants....right after I got my teeth pulled. Thanks mom....
The silence is killing me..
Was this meant for me?? lol
After telling Mom that taxes are confusing me: "Drink. I got the best return ever when I was drunk when I did them!"
TRUTH girl!
Sorry to hear about strawberries. Contact for quick resolution. We have 100%quality guarantee.
OH before i forget , seen todayy (;
I did but I thought it was for a couple of weeks. and nice xD they even have the name of the hotel and all xD
Spotify is worth 4 BILLION $?? Can we say "tech bubble"?!?
What I get from GOP retoric is that they want less freedom for women, more freedom for buissness to ruin the food and environment.
why we no trend something for the boyz? what do you guise think? :)
In Washington DC.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I give up.
is looking for a drummer! If you're interested in trying out, shoot us an email at !
I'll definitely be around. Text me!
my new name for Rafflecopter is: WAFFLES
i bet the believe tour will sell out in .3 seconds :/
nice to tweet you Lisa! Happy Wednesday! :)
24 Hour is officially cancelled! Excited to join Woodside with tomorrow!
Pecha Kucha was a blast last night. With 20 images in 6 min/40 sec I told the story of why plants are critical to human survival. Air & food
Youre welcome! RT : thank you for spreading the word, Jason!
I'd be honored to sing a song that wrote. :)
bout to try to go back to sleep...i gotta get up in 5 & a half hrs
Thanks for the mention! I enjoyed her sense of humor on that point in particular--so glad you did, too.
Where is a good place to get some drinks in Mt. Pleasant tonight?
“: I swear these hoes be simpin on twitter” be what??
Sherry Khan working on website Valentine Day sms and providing free articles on different issues relating to mobile phones
does anyonw want this twitter account? if not i am going to delete it...
OMG!!! I just watched glee, and they dropped a huge bomb at the end, but there's not another episode till April 10th!!! APRIL 10th!!! FML!!!
hey mahomie!<U+E105> mind following back?it would mean SOO MUCH<U+E022>
Ah yes-build it or buy it..the age old ? Technology is not well intrgted, unless u build ur own.
Would love some snow - we have gotten none to really speak of this season. Want it to wait just until right after errands in am.
Common sense is not so common. Voltaire
our whole friendship! Hope you are well, my man.
Try on Blogger dashboard, Settings, & Publishing. You can edit/purchase domain name there. Hope this helps!
racks on racks on racks
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful mother's in the world :)
same here and I'm like, wtf am I doing so early?
l"im still mesmerized by ian" lil mama you better stay away from ma man
Charles &amp; Colvard Reports First Quarter Sales Increase 40% Over Prior-Year Period
working on the Drupal cck_validation module today!
I agree! “: spend a winter in johnson county, KS and you will understand the need for a shot clock bro.”
I know right:/
Beautiful day 20 years I've lived in Austin & every winter there's always been a 3 day freeze/sleet/snow..will we escape this year? Hope so!
Margaritas are $5 on Weds Guess What?! They will be $5 all weekend long for Cinco de Mayo...where will you be?
#famouslies im on my way
Thinking of checking out the Subculture Mag launch tonight ? Never been, but I'm hearing the space is pretty cool!
Chilling with one of the besties(:
can't wait for those days man. Tell your wife Happy Mother's Day from the IHJJR staff!
It's especially weird because the app store/iPhone download mechanisms already support "Over 17" alerts on apps
“When all is said and done, more is said than done.” <U+2015> Lou Holtz
Working next week as bartender 4 film in NOLA. So I got robbed & beat up on Mardi Gras. Aint letting that hold me back or keep me down!!!
Thanks for the follow back, I appreciate it! Happy Friday!
Took my mom's car keys than took the car next thing you know i lookd in that mirror >>>cops wth the red & blue lights <<
Row, row, row your boat gently down the stream. Merrily, merrily, merily, life is but a dream!.
#hth2012 Today was good, but oh academia has its frustrations. "To see what is in front of one's nose needs a constant struggle." - Orwell
have you had any snow days yet!?? i havent!!! :((
Reality never crashes
for the most part, your internets is a freak show. I hope some sort of darknet takes off soon.
GROG SHOP TOMORROW NIGHT!!
Not anymore !!!! Fucking Bulls!!!!
wish we could go back to how things were
I didn't tell him to go after you!!
Thank you so much! Every bit of support we get makes a big difference, we really appreciate it. Have a good day as well!
'I Love you' in a relationship
Why is Obama always the target of hate on the right and disappointment on the left?
A cntry music social net where musicians, songwriters, fans, family and friends come together and share their music and real life stories.
Have the afternoon off. Gonna wander over to DC and ask Obama for a beer and a bailout.
Writing songs is like breathing now. It just happens.
t pain or no t pain I still will have a great time and I still will blackout
how's that Southern Comfort, weather nice in the south??
Sick dunk.
BCBG booking Do your thing. Campaign is next. XX
This weather has me beyond relaxed!
No worries, just wanted to help.
My chemistry teacher is awesome.
Battleship was pretty dope...
Damn dude way to make me question my existence.
I'm watching Glee right now lolz
BOYCOTT DELTA!! Delta airlines bans Jews on flights to Saudi Arabia. NO JEWS ALLOWED! Its their new policy-mine is boycott Delta! Repost
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, so call me maybe
I'm going to text her
Excited to see on #awake and be completely confused for the next hour
Thanks you rock!
Man, the folks at the Clink are lucky they don't have to listen to the homers on the FSN-North broadcast.
Tell a friend you love them, hug them listen to them. You never know, one may actually save a life. Have a good day, jury duty calls. :-)
Chris Brown and flying squirrels are *taking *the *stairs. Whew. I think I burned some calories vicariously.
This family next door are still arguing they started around 4:00 Like STFU already & be over that shit!!!! DAMN<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Thank God this young artist did not go on stage showing his ass and underwear to di world.
RT If you have already snagged one our Banana Pudding Milkshakes!
thanks for voting! And you're right, Im from sc so we would make trips to fl often. It's a very beautiful state!
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 10
The summer is ours
- Brandon Inge is officially trending...and you're getting them all! (including this one)
On my way to the Noodle Place
heck yeah we are! if we lived close together, me and you would totally be Mahone stalking 24/7
Just shoot me and feed me to the sharks...
Female drummers >
well I'm fixing that now sheesh!
What shall I do till 4 am? Any suggestions? Lol
Thanks for the run down. Maybe I'll download it . . . .
LUXE? I've heard they are good at that LOL
I had to check the box score to make sure I wasn't losing my mind. Heh.
Dork shorts begins!! #thatcamp #lac thanking folks. Major thank yous to all who helped organize. This UNconference rocked!!
Choosing carry out and walking to get it- managing #pizza guilt
Getting my life back on track ready for next week
I'm tired of all these #dumb ass #insecure ass females with Da #fakePROFILE that shit lame #AF DUMB HOEZ LOL I hate u #bitchez real shit...
Heres the thing you pretend to be on your phone while buying your ticket and then just sit by people so others wont think
Awesome presentation by #CreateDigital creator Christine Pizzo at last night's event. Chris, you rock!
may the gods be with you tmw and the bad cells in retreat
IRC or email would be better for this kind of thing. Do you hang out in #wordpress-themes?
just as delicate as foam board but with a different approach towards its use which is geared towards photographers or where a thin very...
Have you ever typed .cok instead of .com into a URL by mistake? I had a mini heart attack thinking about where I might end up...
u ghhh lypical doctor jus want more.and more money
Tired of loosing revenues because of missed calls, customer hang ups - Let them text your business. Text me to learn more: 916-420-6020
So #touch was amazing tonight. #TeamiBelieveinLove <3
New Seasons!!!!!
It's good to have you in my life! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Friday?! Just when I'll be en route to Maine.
Pretty sure everyone with an iPhone needs to get sky burger! It's addicting! :D
Sleeping pills give me some strange dreams... it snowed like crazy!
Awesome shoot with ! Psyched to be working with in 45 minutes!
Poised Creation seeks to be the vehicle that helps independent artists become successful!
Met the and other trucks w/GreatFoodTruckRace at secret location! Can't wait for 'THRUHQ tomorrow night!!
Am I the reason why you say you're never happy?
His first name explains it all!
Been doing the same. RT : Listening to Licensed to Ill from start to finish for the 1st time in years. Love it.
Fuck you cinnamon
Ephesians 1:17-18a: the Father of glory, may give unto you the spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him;
Trying tweed
People who take 5 hours to reply and I was already asleep... -_-
Fresh squeezed OJ. One of life's great and simple pleasures.
a lot
It's cold outside
I love she is smart, beautiful and just pure amazing!!!
im still working on this freaking paper...
We went to concert on Sun. On Tues. my 2 yr old proudly pointed out that a friend's snack was not safe for her for 1st time. WOOT
good morning beautiful;)
MONEY,,,,WEED,,,BITCHES...EXACTLY IN DAT ORDER..I FCKS WIT YA!
so bored
I started crying when I seen that! :'( x
last name JIMMY, first name WHEELCHAIR.
what the hell is that drawing bro. Lol
Thanks for the great mention!
do I start Nate Washington or Mike Thomas?
Where did the "hey girl" component of Gosling memes originate? I know it's related to Fuck Yeah! RG, but has he ever actually said it?
Or, anyway, we listened to a couple great songs.
lol I cant freaky
yeah i can't wait for that day
The gem can not be polished with out friction , nor man perfected with out trial... just wasnt my time..
": <U+2752> Single <U+2752> Taken <U+2714> NONE OF YOUR DAMN BUSINESS!"
My head is killing me... Cold go away
night keith!
Hahaha, just makes my day! ;)
When i was little, i used to think that moon is Following my car...
We lost Dad someplace in the Civil War.... too bad my TARDIS is out of order or I'd go get him
Terrance Newman, Alan Ball, Phil Costa, Doug Free, Martellus Bennett, Orlando Scandrick
The Red Cross will use the donations for all of their expenses. Not just Haiti. I rather the govt provide necessary supplies.
Mariah Carey "We Belong Together"
2 KRTU radio interviews here in San Antonio 2day. 1 will B @ 8p Texass time. Should B fun.
Love you! Miss you! Did you see the new lia sophia video?
Yes I know. It didn't help him any when they decided to kill him.
i like startups, but sometimes i run across things like (via ) and wonder what they're thinking. seriously what is this
In my lab backing up everything to my "cloud" external hard drive. N's don't know nothing bout that.
Paul mooney is too funny
I thought you would<333 I love you!!! You so amazing..I just keep screaming quietly..if that makes any sense.
ha! next up, the word "unbelievable"
why thank you!
Go Home Heat <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A8>
I remember when Lloyd Banks was my favorite rapper at one time
Loved playing acting teacher today :) You're gunna rock it out @ your "rehearsal" tomorrow!! #breaklegs xoxo
Come check out the opening of the concierge desk located behind escalator 6 in Central Park @ 6pm to win tickets to WBC!
Valentine's Day is an attempt to kindle back into existence a belief in love that Life routinely disproves.
You getting all 3?
what's sup -how'd we cross paths?
Rehab brother. No comparison. I'd be shocked if it's ever topped.
is your goldfish washing your car too?!
I should resign myself to the fact that I'm pretty much working alone today
Still remember that team...loved Mouse McFadden.
hot, shot (josh Willhoite)
baby has a rash, possibly from asparagus but possibly from corn. and yay, sunday!
I'm not saying I did terrible things last night but satan just woke up on my couch and he won't make eye contact with me
Thanks Cindy!
ONe week away til ONe Music Fest!!! Get your tickets now!! Symphony Crack, PTK, Common, and De La Soul!!!
If chick living in the woods didn't get a ticket she could have started an "Occupy American Idol" movement.
thanks for the follow!
Being a night owl is great.
totally love this talk you posted. am circulating it to grad students & colleagues on our listserv
Follow for the latest happenings in community college internationalization
u r welcome! it's really excited to have a new friend from Glasgow :)
Thanks guyys had fun today. See u all tomorrow haha
Soo tired... Wish I was in bed and not in this class
True wisdom comes to each of us when we realize how little we understand about life, ourselves, and the world around us. Socrates
St. Patrick's Day is right around the corner. Come spend it with us @ Comfort Suites. Call 678-377-0003 and ask about our specials.
Oh, if only I was a #Christian #evangelical. No pesky #Catholicguilt. Just knowing that no matter what I do I'm "saved" and going to heaven.
Clearly things changed. Just waiting for the worst to come...
I've been sober for 5 days... :) 1 month and 3 weeks with 2 days to go...
Opening night of Debussy's "Le Martyre de Saint Sebastien" in San Francisco! So excited to be a part of it!
Good Job Fumble!!!!!
same here (:
s/o and Now Following
Jr. got screwed because his draft partner sucked.
have a show at the Hard Rock tonight! Hope to see you there!
word! Time is a blur
Thanks for the shout-out tweet!
There's an education revelation coming to Pdx, don't miss it! Come to an open house, be part of the solution: www.summaacademy.org
Protesters pack Capitol grounds Anneliese Sheahan, AFSCME Local 373 (childcare providers) prez committed to being here til Tuesday.
damn baby pee'd on me
Blake Griffin and DeAndre Jordan in the triangle offense tho?
bed time :) goodnight everyone
What am I going to wear to this funeral tomorrow? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
because Romney has yet to indicate he is remorseful about the event; he denied it ever occurred
At TIG Day 1 Virtual Law Offices by
Surely a department full of hackers can figure out wifi on the woods. :)
In Booya's w/the fam
I'm the Jealous type.
hey : a student on our FB page asked when is move-in day for freshman? could you respond? Thx!
Thank you for your reply! Looking fwd to your help getting services & paychecks to YW Raleigh staff & cmty! ...
i just met that olympian hurdler @ my event last week & ended up talking w/ him for an hour. nearly asked him to prove himself
Holy smokes I thought you were kidding about Boeheim. I am DEFINITELY the second fiddle in this hoedown.
An amazing man, Jerry Lewis!
happy new year to you and edub! Xoxo <3
I'll miss you
I just emailed you.
greetings from Memphis. We love your soul.
I hope the person in front of me who reclined into my laptop and nearly throws up on herself.
Love how he ripped off his helmet rounding first. "GET A LOAD OF THIS HAIR, BITCHES!"
I thought t mobile had a phone very similar to I phone, with apps and all? Or just not the same?
when you start referring to the artist you're writing a paper on by his first name, it's time to shut it down.
Wow prom is in 11 days & my term paper is due that same day
there it is.
I deleted my four square but briefly considered reactivating Facebook...
Trader Joe's is usually good with the ethnic thing… Trader Ming, Trader Giotto but Armenian Joe is just plain lazy
Thanks for the RT! I hope #Milwaukee wins!
Well played. I.T. Crowd is a far superior viewing experience to Scott Pilgrim.
Heavy rain + heavy wind + dark = see what happens after work on the paddle front.
More Beyond Redemption pics on facebook!
please follow me I love u so much! U r so talented!
Why was the little bear so spoiled ? Because its mother panda'd to its every whim !
"Q: If a motorcyclist runs into a woman, who is to blame? A: The motorcyclist is. He shouldn't have been riding in the kitchen? "
...there are certain experiences you share with someone that should NEVER be shared with anyone else under ANY circumstances... lock & key!
Going to C 2nite in Philly. Hoping 4 #41!
Hanging out with some old friends today and picnicing at the park. :)
#PacerNation #IndianaBasketball #Playoffs Let's GO!
You are my African King.... The boy of my dreams <3
May is finally here!
#FlyMeToLondon DROP TEXAS ENTOURAGE T-SHIRT'S..
so i heard my ex is with a really fat chick now ... i kinda find it funny lol
Thanks for the follow. Looks like you have a nice venue!
Chillin wit my boy
why do you want a boyfriend
RT if you like --- it's FREE pretzel Saturday, come to Tacoma Mall for your pretzel!
Isolation Doomed the Tasmanian Tiger The Tasmanian devil could suffer the same fate as their homeland cousin -- the extinct Tasmanian tig
Finishing off outstanding retouching over the long weekend. That extra day will really help.
Unbelievable game..
I must say I am really interested in trying your kettle bell workouts.
i hate when people stop texting me in the middle of a conversation
Surround yourself with people who will uplift you
We are either masters or victims of our attitudes..who we are today is the result of choices we made yesterday.- John Maxwell
Prize #5: $100 J Crew Gift Certificate
I'm looking for a job while in the same time I am preparing for my CPA examination.
I'd take June or October, too. RT : I wish I were born in April so that my birthstone were a diamond.
did i say that:)?
Very sad to have been shut out of the programming for 20s and 30s session :( But learning about a lot of programs from San Diego
If you have dust mite allergies, encasings for the mattress and pillows are an absolute must according to most allergists....
Why I love my friends... Me: "Last time was such a shit show". : "I know. I can't wait."
So...Dana Spiotta. Really, really good.
Off work now. Talk about a gorgeous day. Headed to Directors park to write and relax for a bit. What is everybody doing tonight?
MY WAY OR THE HIGHWAY!
you'll do fine!!! You're a really good dancer, plus hinshaw loves you!!
You're my wish... Why can't you just realize...?
yo I better see you this Weekend!
is my social media hero!
word. Thought that was weird.
Network with your writing peers tomorrow at Cherrywood Coffeehouse, 6:30.
NVM! I have the song ;D
'In one end and out the other' is a little song I like to sing when I drink water and pee at the same time.
I'm tired I'm Gunna go and listen to my iPod and think of a better place,, nighty nite
Callback just confirmed I have a meeting tomorrow with the Director for the film here in Atlanta....
call us for support, if we can assist you in any way ask for Kenny or Latham! It's free
Interested in studying in Paris? The American Business School is holding an infosession tomorrow noon-1pm in Alter 556! Hope you can make it
Bummed the Packers lost.
Yandy tried to teach Chrissy how to act like a lady, but I guess you can't teach hood chicks anything.
Wearing a dress to school tomorrow.... D: never done that before. im scared
I think we should get a group and go. The fish pedicure is just too bizarre NOT to try. Fancy cameras required.
#csa12 Russell: Academy seems to discourage use of twitter/social publics, yet encourage us to study it. Why limit our potent. intervention?
the 8 min "ovi sucks" chant is much better than simply "ovi" - just sayin
Go check out !
Don't worry... It will be okay...
Cleanser>Micro Derm>Night serum>Moisturizer= Bed time
#NextStupidRealityShow You can sing (or something stupid with MORE singing)
What will win this game, great offense by the Patriots or a strong defense by the Ravens?
My phone is probably gunna die while im at work. Thats what i get for not charging it for 2 days.
lol when kids have no idea what they're talking about.
Ann, Thanks for following.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when u are having a conversation in ur head and u realize u are making faces that go along with the silent conversation.
That's what I thought. I got an email saying "we've added you to our database!" Stuff like that should be OPT-IN!
So much fun! Very nice meeting u too. Hope we have the possibility to play together again. Enjoy Miami! Send me all promo ;)
About 2,500 people here now. Q manager Mike McSweeny says he expects more now folks are getting off work.
Congrats to UK on sweeping Alabama and taking over 1st place in the SEC. They're a Miss. St. sweep away from a school record 21 SEC wins.
Under the mistletoe is AMAZING I'm so proud of you love Santa claus is coming to town :)
Rushing to change before Robb and Harold get here, lol
Let your heart be light, from now on our troubles will be out of sight...And have yourself a Merry Little Christmas now!!! Merry Christmas<3
My two favorite letters in the alphabet right now are V & C. Bless their generous hearts!
So this is awkward -.-
you can call me if you dont (:
Went to a great concert this weekend! Can't wait until the next one!
Thinking about you when i don't want to >>>>>
Twitter is reality...TWITTER IS REALITY!!
Follow and
Whenever I put together IKEA furniture, I think of how much McNulty and Greggs hated it. C'mon, it's not *that* hard.
If we used our minds more wisely, we would not be placed in the embarrassing position of being forced to change them so often. -Manly P Hall
Wonder if the CPD will start chanting the catchy "The CPD are the 99%!" The rhythm is infectious.
I don’t want a broken heart because I’ll lose the pieces
Wow 30 Rock, Community and Parks & Rec all cancelled
will there be a graduation party?
The Silk Tie likes Gus! Our ties are out of this world with your wrestling ability. thesilktie.com
Congrats Blk film critic Wesley Morris on his Pulitzer! Told him 11 yrs ago when he was a newbie at the SF Chronicle that I was his no 1 fan
looking for good comfortable shoes, not necessarily for running as I'm still recovering from surgery last Apr. Can you all help?
Butler: #fairuse prctice mks prctic...i can tell u all this stuff, but if u dont USE IT, will die on vine #erl12 best talk so far, thank u!
Haven't seen one pitch or highlight of the World Series.
Welcome to Twitter! Liked the pic of the lake--now I will know what you mean when you talk about "your bay".
i think i saw professor on the news this morning while i had a double espresso
ANYMORE QUESTIONS?
Nigger you did not just tell me to calm down.
OMG! That is awful!! Better now I hope!
girl, yes!!!! brilliant!!! brilliant!!!
illegal tattoos?
When someone has a tragic event in their life.. first thing they think to do is tweet it?? lol
I like Cassel as a top 12 QB this week. I'd pick him up over starting Tebow
: oh blowout on Thursday all because I told sister to sautee her own dam green beans. I cook for me only
Trick question. No way you played JV let alone two years!! Good luck vs San Antone.
prestwick is ten times nicer
Whatever, Knicks needed that win <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
You'll have everything else on Thursday, tonight...have TACOS!! Half price tacos & Evan Christian performing live at Charro!
shut upp, im wearing it
Any #streetfood vendors kicking off #StPatricksDay celebrations this morning? Show us your photos!
Vampire Weekend - Taxi Cab - 09:23 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
RT : Federal bill would prevent Milwaukee Soldiers Home campus development (4:44 p.m. 7/10/09): The U.S. House of Rep.. htt ...
Best Boss EVER!
S/O to all my real niggas
Achievement brings its own anticlimax ~ Maya Angelou
Why is NYC killing the parks over-populated geese to feed the homeless? Why did the homeless have to be singled out as the recipients?
The American Legislative Exchange Council will be having a meeting in New Orleans in August, and on the 5th we are going to #protestALEC!
loves fermented raccoon anus, but won't touch walnuts or horchata. Give him a break!
Good grief those special effects are CRAZY! RT SyFy is airing the true story of our local weather
: Rock, are you working on the #Bears broadcasts this season?
The perfect #valentinesday present? Asking your significant other to be your beer pong partner
I'm pretty sure claustrophobia is the reason I can't keep a beard on my face for more than a few weeks
Still getting used to the time difference - relying on caffeinated iced tea to stay awake 'til non-elderly sleeping time!
What an Icarian night
Cum Laude by the Velvet Teen is an awesome drum record/the best bummout record ever.
Lmfao. Aubrey almost broke hers in half..
Living life to the fullest; watching hilarious interviews of #OneDirection :)
fun stuff! Enjoy!
He grew a nasty mustache, I know that!
sup man? :D
I know I haven't made a youtube video in a while but I've been busy with this annyoing thing called life. I promise I will make some soon!
So hopefully one of those helps you out. Good luck!
Even Tom Izzo must think this game is unwatchable
RT : Congrats to the entire cast of !! Break a leg, ! I know you'll be fantastic!! :D
O, that has alliteration! LMAO!
I think my summer job will be selling bottled water on street corners.
This is kinda dick but.... Penis.
Luck is what happens when preparation meets opportunity.-Coach Darrel Royal
you should check out my client textweek.com - the largest clergy portal in the country. Reaches 300k faith leaders a month.
It's a beautiful day!
When I grow up, I want to be a gay man.
While other fans are getting tweets by , im here still waiting :-/
Did you know #Portland’s first streetcar started in 1871? It was horse-drawn and ran along 1st Street.
Thanks! Hope all's well in Boulder :)
ending my night/early morning with Fast Five :)
Alright I'm changing my password
RT : Prepping for tomorrow's brown bag at "So You Think You Want to Write a Book?" Tough truth, optimism 4 writers.
Horny Tacos.
What you dress up
Chris Paul is always ready to fight.
rep your old one in destin for the triathlon
This just n Fantasia is not pregnant she read the results wrong
LOL!!!! Terrible ": People saying I look like B.o.B. now? If y'all don't get the fuck..."
Immigration Issues, Voting Rights Draw Thousands To Milwaukee May Day March - The UpTake
Whenever you're in trouble in science, go stephanie style. BAHAHAA.
That's just not fair
thank you for always being a really great and amazing means alot
PCAA ED shares more accomplishments than space to twitter.
Friendly Reminder #kubball fans: set your DVR. I forgot to in '08
Zoe blames herself when one of her friends faces a health crisis & she didn’t notice the symptoms = #HartofDixie is ALL NEW TONIGHT at 9/8c
So much shit to get done online and my computer keeps freezing up..NO.ME.GUSTA.
Listening to some classic George Strait
We broke our goal! Thanks for helping us raise over $10,000 in just 5 days. The progressive movement is strong thanks to people like you.
Gonzo's path would be cleared to Mex Nats, World Cup. Step up. RT : Is that lateral move? Not much of step up as in years past.
is goin to hate me for this tweet but I will forever annoy him wit music cuz I love his songs
morning beautiful
that's scary kayla
Smells like jail... LOL.
I remember the days of trying to avoid the rain ruining my hair. These days I welcome the rain!
Uncle Maddio's Pizza Joint Cumberland - Akers Mill Team Trivia tonight at Uncle Maddio's. Hot Pies, $2 Draft Beers, and lots of LOVE....
beans and rice with an occasional grilled rodent when I can find one.
Maya Rudolph is stunning in #johannajohnson, just beautiful!!
Second #superbowl features industrial designer. Felling the LOVE
ok, Q&A over. thanks to and for joining (at least my end of) the conversation! really fascinated by this stuff.
- we're moving to west hollywood in 3 weeks, dude...come check us out!
On our blog you will learn more about us and what we have to offer when our website is done with construction.
Game of Thrones is on.
Counting My Blessings. Alive And Able.
It's on like... a box of Ding Dongs!
bad link for nelson blog post today
What's good tonight...
How about Stuck
Did you see the ricochet? Yikes.
congrats on the Traditional Home award!
she is a sinner
Thank you for giving us some sweet tunes! Great event!
6 Christian Sister's dancing around the kitchen table to "sexy and I know it" it was a sight to behold!
man hit meh up
Just so ya know, today is paperback pub day for THE HIDDEN GALLERY. It's so cute! And it has the beginning of THE UNSEEN GUEST in back.
feels unloved by :'(
we're focused on the US right now, although we've though about going international. If we do, it won't be for a while...
Mowing?! Um.. me mowing? You're making me laugh.
since I follow tons of historians/the follow me, I just got a good historically specific answer to that question, so ha
Good morning everyone! Did the Easter bunny make a stop at your home last night?
Thanks Maybe not chocolate, but cute gifts instead?
what your car wanz is Quanz!
call it a premonition...
First to tweet me their favorite product wins a dining kit!
Brain full. Going home.
Food News Round-Up
So Miz couldn't beat Santino during the Pre-show last night but he can beat Santino now?
yes, so good!
My dog just scratched me down my whole leg
Happy Mothers Day!
We had two great photography shoots at our studio this weekend. One staring a member of a major Las Vegas Show. That was fun!
Who else should be immortalized in the halls of the #FlopOfFame?
AH! I really want an electricity yellow jersey after I find one I'll be going on the hunt for a cheaper
Don't Bogart that bottle. RT : - Table next thought Pouilly-Fumé was a smoked wine; I recommended Cigare.
RT thanks to for these great numbers!
Stick with it - put a sml jar with the vinegar concoction IN the worm factory. Flies go in, worms don't. Works eventually!
Lol you already have Tattoos! :p ...I don't I'm slacking D;
Um glad u feel like dat u just let me know wats up..anywho not gone worry bout it..bumping this music get up wit me
im definently reeling a #randomtweethour to go along with the
RT : It is better to sleep on things beforehand than lie awake about them afterwards.
for some #holiday fun
RT : Also always attribute it to Bucky Fuller. RT I feel the word "clusterfuck" is unfairly ignored
just checking out some of the work people are doing summarizing research findings through video. any recommendations of good ones?
26% Of Working Americans in 2011 did not have sufficient health coverage according to the Commonwealth Fund Health Insurance Tracking...
Baseball, baseball, baseball, when the season starts, fans are gonna be even more crazy than usual
Interesting quote from the new SI article on Kobe Bryant & his father Joe Bryant:
I hope so! Otherwise all that paperwork to turn "14" on my 13th birthday was all for naught.
Thanks for helping us get to 300 followers. Stay posted for more info regarding the free issues!
#thingsiamgoodat eating sandwiches
she is going to be on the final episode ;D
When I was in 6th grade Kids were NOT bad like this. Holy cow. Bad ass kids
The O'Malleys...the only former Dodger owner that are beloved.
Wadt kind of sister im ii yes ndd deed
Congrats to Jon Papelbon of the Phillies -- records his first save of the season!
I guess
How's the atmosphere with you're former Postal Employees?
This is very moving.
excellent time playing tons of new songs at Millersville Univ. - thnx for listening and taking me home (in cd form!)
Thanks for the RT. How was Austin?
Bout To Call My Sis Back
Thanks ! Great to see you too!
I find it easier to write if I'm not trying to preach or teach, ya know? Pressure's off completely.
sure is talented but boy cut that hair!
Love 's yummy tiger chai tea!
oh no! Do you feel naked w/out your phones?
Cool! I shared this with the sci dept at our school. Is there a video of the product in use?
Driving from #Albuquerque to #Farmington #NewMexico is so beautiful...
To date, I have not seen any proofs. Perhaps we need to set a deadline for ?
The more presentations I listen to the more convinced I become that education is at the center of every piece of what we do.
Ok so where do you begin? Start with the DECISION to change your health/fitness status. Make up your mind. The rest will fall into place.
Read the twitlonger and tumblr post! x
Wear Liberty will be selling shirts at the Craft Bazaar on May 12th and 13th! come out for my first ever event!
"I can't resist the sexy slither of a snake"- Barry White in a episode of The Simpsons <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008D>
Try using a computer
thanks dolls!!xoxoxo
Nice shot. Source? Photographer?
happy mother's day... waiting on the spawn of jaid 2 bring me a gift *hint hint*
Ha! Do I really want to see it live, though? (Well, yeah.)
Gym time aka staring at bitches in yoga pants from the treadmill
haha ! I don't think I ever will be able to
someone slams the fuckk out of our door everyday and he freaked the fuck out today
Im going to be 24 in a month. It feels weird
The move to Baltimore is just T-5 weeks away.
great article to wake up to on mother's day. congrats on the exclusive!
I WUBBB YOU <3 M O R E!
idk anyone tht has it though...only one other person besides you:)
Chloe Moretz is so pretty :)
Has anyone ever heard of a gay racist? Hm
#EBUS118 Class will start in five minutes. It will go for two hours. There will be tasks to complete in Twitter about every 10 minutes.
I think suits not nerds is why there were so many standbys allowed on my escape from Chicago flight yesterday.
Hundreds of Victorian era photos of homes, mansions, rail stations in Yonkers, NY. No ads, No politics, Just photos. www.VictorianSource.com
Any questions or feedback? Email us at:
he's been in locker room with Kansas team throughout tourney. Hard to turn backs on them now, due to UNC matchup
THAT WOULD BE SO TIGHT! XD
: RT : #Avengers IN F'N Credible!!!!! #teamHULK/// Will see it on Saturday for sure!
Cotto fought the best fight he could - Mayweather knew what he was doing by not knocking him out early - HE WANT ANY AND ALL PPV MONEY
Marquez hoping to win over Pacquiao by knockout | The Chinese ...
So excited to head to seattle for almost 2 weeks on wednesday! Looking forward to spending time with my soon to be in~ laws:-)
Test post from FB to Twitter
Hey help spread the word! Today is #nationalblackAIDSday. Tell everyone in #Nola to get tested
#FridayFightAgainst smoking. My grandfather died that way :(
To the gym I go.
that's hilarious! my rep is 'traveling' - not my problem!
Only at the super bowl can you see Michael douglas, pat Riley and cal Ripken waiting at your hotel elevator bank at same time.
Interesting "innovations" from journalism symposium: demographics driving broadcast news content (!) and lots of reliance on G+
SHOULD FOLLOW ME IM TAKING A TEST AND IF YOU DO I WILL JUST SCREAM I DONT CARE IF A GET A 0
can or cant?
Happy birthday !!
Because we let them. :-(
thanks to you there were no poptarts left.
TAKE CONTROL NOW…before wondering why your jeans don’t fit anymore! Join us TONIGHT – wkshp -‘How to Eat, Drink & Still Shrink Over the Hol…
Should I be afraid that a standup comedian is now following me?
Hardest part of dyeing stuff with acid dyes: waiting for the water to boil.
Everyone in #Denver has changed the channel #TeamLakers #Purps~N~Gold All Day
: Do not put in the new meters in L.A. people across the country who have these meters are having heart problems.
Carrot Top so I could see what he look like with out make up.
Kim Minseok is so cute, I cannot even. Don't. No. You're not 22. Shut up.
We're at King Street Blues in Crystal City! Sitting in the back off to the right of the entrance.
Soccer time!
#dbacks injury news grim: C Young out for more than 15 days; D Hudson shoulder impingement = never a good thing.
Super Grande? Red Head Spider Girl? What
Can we disagree to disagree? And then go get a daiquiri?
RT : I love the sunbeam when it is baking. Corner of Washington Ave. and Studemont.
Books are like a mirror. If an ass looks in, you can't expect an angel to look out. - Arthur Schopenhauer
boo I'm there weekend 2! ah well - lemme know if your hot shot journo skills get you to nyc soon :)
love it when do we sign up? “: Hey check out ! Just what we've been looking for! Follow them and ...
RT : I think it's time for the #armytenmiler! I need a new goal. cc // registering tonight!
Without new experiences, something inside of us sleeps. The sleeper must awaken. ~ Frank Herbert
having another concert in the city !! #bestnight #needtickets !
The only downside to watching #inkmaster is knowing you don't have the cash for a tattoo right now.
Loyalty does not come through hazing.
Went to see TURF #turfindy today. Can't get it out of my mind. Kudos to IDADA for a brilliant exhibit. Indy artists rule!
Neither toxic fumes, fires, nor closed streets can stop the powers of HR and Talent from convening in Boston @ #HCM2012. Day II starts now!
Thanks for the Tweet-Out, John - what are YOU doing up so late???
BURGER NIGHT
Happy Birthday, Ian MacKaye.
TL Question: Rebecca from our team needs a colorful fiesta dress for Cinco de Mayo! Do you have any suggestions?
thx. it's my first #ITC12 ... a bit disappointed in twitter participation here so especially grateful for tweeps like you :-)
- My pleasure, John. U R prolific! Many great blogs
I am who I am....created from the steps I have taken...walking towards a destiny shared by us all
got a cushioned chair. Suck on that
Only two shows left? NO WAY. #firstprize www.kefproductions.com
Being President is NOT A TEAM SPORT. Santorum is an empty suit. Romney is a liberal suit.
I would love a Torch. Is it really worth the headache of using AT&T? How's the coverage? Any hidden fees? I use to use AT&T.
Mrs. Ciaccia is a fucking bitch and I hope she dies during child birth.
#ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler Say U'll be my Deruler (say u'll be mine)
The Jesus I know is the most liberal person in the New Testament.
Well, duh! Tweet me before your next visit!
Just started it last night, definitely digging it so far...
A good government remains the greatest of human blessings, and no nation has ever enjoyed it.
relax... Not u
Blah.. I'm sleepy. Going to bed soon; School tmrw; Then hanging out with my baby :]
Your Annoying Me Go Play In The Free Way
I absolutely love Powerade! :) so refreshing!
Can't help but think a new British government would have been formed by now if Dumbledore was still alive.
If we wait for the moment when everything, absolutely everything is ready, we shall never begin.
WILL YOU WISH ME HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!:)
By all means, move at a glacial pace. You know how that thrills me.
So because someone is keeping score, this fundamentally alters the equation... how?
that was obviously my house, because I have a picture of Louis and Angelica in my home.
I was thinking May, but I might be leaning towards Cotto.
hello! what's up?!
Social media is about dialogie, not monologue
thats great now u hav to get it off ur mind ill tell u more in a hour kk i gota get sleep
"when youre broken, and youre shattered, love will save you from disaster."
looking forward to seeing you too!
will u follow me plz and HAPPY HALLOWEEN
he said he wasn't gonna make another on because this is the second time he got hacked
you on facebook?x
Thanks for the FF!
You two kids don't actually believe in Sasquatch, do you?
Thanks for the inspirational blog on NPR
not really sure how the two go together.
Got a ShopVac? Put some paper towel in the bottom if the canister and hope for the best?!
Need a question answered quickly? Post it to
sorry I spelt your name wrong in my last tweet! I hope you saw it though! The movie is so good and it won't get old until..never!
Am I the only one who sees a resemblence between John Tortorella and Dennis Miller?
Sad news; me too. RT : Just heard that the Cumberland Cinema is closing. Very sad - saw so many good movies there over the years.
agreed! : Love it! RT : "How do you know when an idea is innovative? When it scares the hell out of everybody."
Glad to be off work heading home
did he?
So excited for the MSU/Mich. game. Get ready East Lansing...here I come!
Huh I hate being lied on!
One swallow does not make a summer.
Lol ikr same here sis.........he is still adorable love ya greyson
#TEAMYCB IS BUSY AT THE MOMENT CREATING AMAZINGNESS ... WILL BE BACK SOON
follow me!?!
It's picture week @ my daughter's dance studio. I am tweeting from my car in the parking lot. It's utter chaos in there
We once reviewed the code to discover when a particular design started but the audit information was not particularly helpful-more curiosity
I Never Missed Houston More Than I Do Now...
US urged to complete probe of 2010 border death in San Diego after video surfaces via
haha i say that on the daily. I always forget I can' answer my own questions with Google :-)
Got some great ideas about collaboration from Lamonia Brown at It pays to open your mouth and say what you're up to in life.
tell your mom I said hi beautiful
Ready, get set, go...directly to BullFish on Friday, May 21st for the 24-hour wine sale.
Had a great time at the USD vs SDSU game. I can't wait until it gets hot again!
Thank god for yo gabba gabba! I'm a good friend, I can say that with confidence! :-)
My iPod is letting me do everything but crop a picture. Every time I try it turns off. The picture is of myself.
i like austin mahone
People Hit You Up Like Follow Me and Follow My YO'S but none of them are Following You? WTF is That?
are you that uneducated and trashy that you can't express your thoughts in a respectful way?
How awesome is that? Very cool.
On my way to Boston for the weekend with my baby : )
followed you back !! (:
Tex mex breakfast is always an option! what say ye? You did an outstanding job !
Loving the official app! It rocks.
Saturday, March 31: Man City v Sunderland, 9am, ESPN2/ESPN3.com Aston Villa v Chelsea, 9am, FOX Soccer QPR v Arsenal, 9am, FOX Soccer Plus
the monotone voice of disapproval 2 women & the high pitched "im excited" to meet you voice for guys?
could've gave me a quick hug -.- or hi!
There is next season and TIMMY will be better!!!
er...normal sized? I have no idea how to measure a bike.
I can't wait to see the Hunger Games. Omgomgomg.
My mom is so fucking annoying.
Can't pump your own gas in Oregon. Didn't know that until this morning.
Finished watching through Six Feet Under. Now starting The Walking Dead.
HAY TWEET MY NUMBER 1234567890. LOLOL COOL.
This is gonna damage my angry rock chick cred, but kinda loving "Girls". , awesome as always.
To anyone who has prom... Um, it's gonna rain, bring an umbrella. Oh, and have a good time. xx
LOVING your pink blouse! xx
It's just not my week..
Check your DMs. This isn't about you.
I got a hangover to cure, point me in the direction of the nearest bloody Mary.
going to HEB to procure beer, milk and beer.
ha I'm trying but yay we needa talk I feel like we haven't been sistery like in a while
One reason a dog can be such a comfort when you're feeling blue is that he doesn't try to find out why. ~Author Unknown
ooh love the box idea!
*Boone's Lick
Cody Simpson, you are beautiful. I freaking love you. :)
EVERY American should pay MORE in taxes. That's why you need to vote for us in November!!!
This is annoying my iHeart radio isn't working.
Dont feel like going to work :/
Going to St.louis today for a band competition! Fell asleep at 1 in the morning and I'm already up and ready to go!
thanks for the tip. Turns out the all-on-a-page layout of whenisgood is what I needed this time.
Test, learn, adapt! Prove the ROI in two cycles. More companies need test budgets AND marketers who can measure!!!
Hashtag use appears to be a common problem at museum events. Lessons: 1. No hyphens 2. Put lots of signage up and make announcements.
Is there a place with more info? When and where? We'll let people know!
Nothing gets more archivists in a room like the words Digital Dilemma
so what r u gonna do on #cincodemayo?
So funny you should say that. I have a Ford truck parked at home that I don't use. Lol I rode a bunch of hills to get to that..
lets go to the northwoods one!!
Isn't it great to find you're really worth nothing?
Now that Mike Vick is released from Federal custody, and served time in full, & lost sponsors and NFL pay for 2yrs - is a new start fair?
I like your pics on your twitter home page
"Bubba, you want a shirley temple on the rocks?" "No! I'll get fat!" Lmao
I've always assumed it was OS cruft, greater memory use, etc. But clean OS install can still be slow.
: I dunno. There's always a line. Sometimes people toe it, sometimes they cross it.
has to be the most entertaining tweeter. He is the man!
Haven't had a chance to test out any of your tricks yet but I hope to soon!
it is me and my sons bdays this weekend. Hope u have tons of fun. Lots of love to u. Have a safe holiday! Twugs!
joking of course
excellent software :) Putting together a next-gen radio show prototype and this is ridiculous. Holy fucking shit, kids. Who_Oah.
I was born ready for this talent show!!
She wanted everybody to notice her, now she got every disease out there
taking care of my little nephew! <3 :D
Loiter Squad in 20
Purdue & Mich are out. But BigTen still has Ohio St, Indiana, Mich St & Wisconsin in the Sweet 16. Not bad.
Will try to follow #chartership convo but tricky at work. Good news... I registered & contacted mentor last week :)
Everyone has a plan... until they get hit... George Foreman Heavy Weight Champion
I love it babe
Lunch with my nieces
lmaoooo YAY you guys found me...and why did my followers go up hnahahahahah
tonight. the sweet sounds of will penetrate your ear holes ever so gently on kiss fm. its not his first time
Space - the final frontier! Can't wait to play! Next up: under the sea?
congrats! sounds like a fun new job with a great group
I'll like to see it :]
My mom was the master of that!
where in Cleveland are you gonna be?
Been happening for about 45 min. It has everyone all jacked up who uses #GoDaddy &
Gosh, it would be great if people stopped breaking our windows!!
A cookie is just a cookie, but a Newton is fruit and cake.
Looking For A New #Team --> (=
My allergies are crazy right now. Sniffle..
aw feel better!
Seiries is now 3 Dallas Mavericks Miami Heat 2!
Nothing funnier than getting called ugly
Thanks for the follows
does hunting season open today!?
You're probably right. Why didn't I guess that! You are the best, don't forget.
#Knicks won 7 in a row without Melo and now they have lost 6 in a row with him.
Appreciate you homie!
Just a rumor
EndNote should consider a work-around other than the use of groups for the systematic review exclusion process
hey chris where can i see your portfolio?
It's only ironic that my should've-been anniversary today fell on Friday the 13th.
Any guess on who the #Packers take with their next pick?
Yes the NBA has fewer markets that have the ability. Some cities have no business having a team. N.O. CHAR off top of my head
I wanna party tonight I'm in that mod
You're FRANK-tastic!
Time for a resurrection.
you're in...good luck! #JLB tomorrow night at the Bayou in Mt Vernon NY if ur around :)
just call me Dr. Joe....
SpiritSky11040 I have friends from all over the world. I have 2 from Croatia!
Atlantic City, here we come!
thanks for tweet!
the link just takes you to some girl's twitter?
watching doctor oz show!!!
just watched "Becoming Jane" preceded by "Jane Austen Book Club"... either have 2 re-read all 6 books or go 2 sleep in state of melancholy
It requires students to be responsible for their digital network. Fights at recess could be on a global scale!
#Then on Tuesdays I would go to BestBuy and buy the hot new cd and dvd #Now I strictly download music and Netflix or Redbox my movies
If you call errbody yo friend you can't hang with me
Happy New Year everyone! My Resolution is to lessen the number of syllables I speak, so 2012 will be hereby pronounced
sounds expensive
#caedu 70% of CA residents don't have children in our schools. They vote too. Get the word out!
defeated by a 3/4 done memo. perhaps I will be more brilliant on Monday morning.
Did just fucking everyone forget their manners today?
Everyone who is following me please send out 5 tweets to your followers to follow me...Thanks in advance :)
LOSING WEIGHT:
I know people who make good money and still have no home internet. They only use smartphones - the ones with wifi hotspots.
Hey global warming - tornado watch in Ohio in November - wth?
Again, some people never learn!
ha! Oh whatever.
#AFS11 but. . If we call folklore something else, we lose its focus
I still i dnt kill
... oh & the only girl actually WATCHING the game
I wrote it down, but idk I sorta didn't get it, but now I do. Thank you :)
Great Time !! Loved the impromptu get together! Stay warm and have fun!!
A school tour is going through the studio, doing my best to look miserable.
as for me gonna finish ASU next semester unfer a communications degree. Then on to the entertainment biz hopefully. :)
Part one of Bucky's Very Bad Day a success. #mubb Go Sparty!
Good Morning
loves this!
36 Vegetarian Recipes for Dinner. Roasted Garlic and Smoky Greens Soup - CHOW Love the 36 vegetarian recipes for dinner on CHOW today
>>>MLM News! Invado International( New Company Listing )
Exercise is associated with reduced incidences of heart attacks & other cardiovascular events in post-menopausal women.
Time to review: Did you do your absolute best today? What could you have done differently? What will you do tomorrow?
On my way to see Leanne. :)
New BG thanks to >>
No roommate = sleeping in my underwear tonight.
It's not a dress, it's a kilt, sicko! ;)
Thanks to whoever called my 91 year old grandmother this morning pretending to be me saying I'm in trouble in Mexico, please send me $3000.
omg. Why?
Wish I could join you guys but can't escape work. Ah! Stand strong, brothers and sisters!
he just postponed his decision ..
Thx for the #follow Follow my friend - they
nice videos!
hi:) Can't wait to see you at eyecon!!
Yellow Cab Magazine voted us: Best Place for late night snack.
Seemingly healthy menu items are oftentimes not. 1 Applebee's Oriental Grilled Chicken Salad at 1,250 calories = 3 and 2/3 Applebee's...
BO #aztecs... replay doesnt show the T.
me ether but i have to go nd if i go u gotta go
About time girl!!! Welcome back!!!
What's goin on tonight?
Not bad, you?
"Why don't you put your pants back on,......is your screen name BirdManXoXo" -Chris Hansen probably
I'm chillin'.
Duck dynasty is funny aF
this makes me wanna cry!
Happy Birthday to my Grandma Baker. Today's her 21st birthday. She's finally of age.
haha, good trip, time to catch up on sleep, how are you doing?
#thatawkwardmoment when someone gets a solo at church and you think to yourself, "THAT'S WHAT YOUR VOICE SOUNDS LIKE!?! ew."
What your mom said: "Get a job. Make some friends." What you heard: "Get money, f*ck b*tches."
thats the way its always been :)
Accent Question 2: What is the bug that when you touch it, it curls into a ball? Me: I have no idea! What do u guys think?
I Will.
“: Just one month away and Wavefront begins!”
what u doing up so early lol
that's for following and being a fan. how CJ doing?
3 days, 13 hours, 42 minutes & 20 seconds until Christmas. Are you ready?
glad you thought it was wack too Kat. This ish has to stop!
I believe that you're referring to gamsification. ;)
SA is lovely!
RT : Pettitte used to always say Berkman was right after Jeter in most clutch hitters he's ever played with
Was thinkin up business ideas in my sleep. No lets put em to practice
Can't wait to see everyone tonight!
By, "I need to pake another tiss" I mean i`m good on drinks for now.
Still laying in my bed in the dark. My dog is snuggled up with me. My phone hasn't gone off all day. #Single girl problems
Shut yo mouth!
Eva Mendes will you marry me?
it's sunny over in seattle - how's your day going ? (:
please wish my amazing best friend a happy birthday
Ohio Bobcats: valiant effort vs #1 seed N. Carolina. Bobcat Nation is standing proud.
Isn't it the oil with which Mary Magdelene anointed the head and feet of Jesus? I may have some details wrong!
Summerfest date announcement soon !!
Be patient. How bout B Jennings?
You can mix it with a tiny bit of water and it makes PB for break, or use the powder in a shake! Awesome w/ Chocolate Shakeology?
Blaise luvs lounging on her sofa with her growling monster
& go follow them they follow back who ever mention them & promo will get for more followers
Get ready for game time! Where will you be watching the game?
I believe in you.
Being pregnant and working in a theme park is tough...I want a hot dog, nachos and a funnel cake so bad right now.
Nobody likes a bitch.
Q: who *doesn't* have a google account? No one raises hand.
Follow your heart, but be quiet for a while first. ASK questions, then FEEL the answer. LEARN to TRUST your heart.
Happy Easter!
Happy Valentines Day :)
#Microsoft is bringing it. Not sure how to monetize #photosynth but It's pretty darned cool. Guess I'll be binging it later
Guiliana Rancic on Nicki Minaj's Versace Grammy Outfit: "It's too much fabric for me, I could wear it, my whole family could wear it."
Find what makes your heart sing and create your own music
I still have hope for something I ended.
Department of Redundancy Department
Must have the ability to work effectively as part of a team.
I can't tell One Direction how much I love them with only 140 characters.! xx
Thanks, Ericka for my word of the day:
hell yes! :D
Meet Paul Teller of the U.S. House of Representatives Republican Study Committee (RSC) today at SPA drop-in advising, 3:30-5pm, Ward Lobby
#IDontPartyBecause my names Luke
Me and Ryan Gosling at FunFunFunFest! in case you missed it. Azz Everywhere!
this classroom is so quiet & the rain is so soothing :) whaddup naptime!
Getting ready for "Wizards" at #DualDuel with Zip, Zap, Zoltar.
Stress level is extremely high right now :-/
Do I hate the heat yea. Do I hate waking up this early yea. Do hate Fridays hell naw its juicy time tonight !! Flashback tonight
Loyalty & Being Real is hard for some people.
#ronpaul on the deficit-I would cutting a trillion dollars in the first year. *applause* What happens when he cuts programs u support?
• This should not be gender specific. I don't want to see nasty man toenails either.
sushi in the shape of a birthday cake
Ignore people and multitask! ;) Jokes.
Broccoli Samurai live at the Grog Shop this Friday with Don't miss out on the party!!!! Tix $5 in advance, $8 at the door.
Hello great site
Hit my driver's side window on the garage door... Oops.
I agree, you still disagree with me on Amare? Meaning knicks better all around without him?
Should I write to you here for the Free Reading? Nancy
so can I get your digits
love it!
About to have a chilli dog. My mind is so heavy right now.
So what we get #drunk. So what if we don't sleep. We just havin fun. That's how it's supposed to be
Why are we still on this? If people so upset w/Obama, why not find smthg else? Maybe b/cause there is nothing else?!
Really?? Ow! Still going to TFW like that?
lol I've not been to Happy w/ them but I'm not failing either. Ugh, I want this to end. >.<
Hey, come on now, at least get it right. Bobcats! ;)
i like the brown better!:)
Terrible officiating! “: yep RT : refs are not calling the game fairly.”
Same to you guys, let's get together soon! : Congrats to you on a great issue! Happy Spring!
All I've eaten today is Pasta and Bread for all 3 meals. I'm not complaining... It just feels like there's a brick-o-wheat in my stomach.
Leverage other technologies into email, i.e. reviews, recommendations, social comments, etc.
Awesome, congrats to your brother #JazzDay #Represent! (:
you know exactly what I mean lol. You made the face
Injuries are the worst part of loving sports. We should all be able to enjoy our favorite players without them missing games.
Scared & sacred are spelled w/the same letters. Terrify & terrific. Every negative experience holds the seed of transformation. ~ Alan Cohen
please DM your contact info. Thanks!
left side-nose. 3 holes on left ear.2 holes & cartilage on right. I did have industrial but it got infected, i had surgery
Lmao damn bro bout to get it started lol!!!!!
\(°o°\) - when i know an answer in class.
u know ur nephew jaison bday is saturday...so what u gettin him???? im sure itll be nthn at all
Bruce Chen has to be chewing on a Everlasting Gobstopper doesn't he?
" military family resources helped my kids & allowed me to relate to my family" says Major Nico Marcolongo, served in Iraq War
Home. sick :\
#Colts reunite Andrew Luck with his TE Coby Fleener.
#10ThingsIWantToHappen I want to be happy.
Pregaming a wedding reception. I don't know if this classy outfit is going to fool anyone. I'll be the one at the bar and/or on a groomsman.
can yhu send me all the parts
I thought so too!!
watching animal planet and having coffee in the morning is the shit!!!
guess which one supports the POV to support Zimmerman
the things whispered here seems to be the things best heard.
i miss you already :/
So strange...Soldiers in da bus?Wtf?!
of what a guy who just wants in their pants looks like - and avoid him. Many women have
just auditioned for Cedar Point Mountain Man
how much of my holiday weekend will "the post ALA stuff I couldn't get to because of work catchup" take?
Congratulations you go girl!!!
You should not have problems now. We are humming now...RT : Why can't I sign up to Blastoff?
#BuddyMediaTL Padvertisement is the next big DOOH business breaking out in 2012. Our product will bedazzle the tablet advertising world.
... lmao yea, :( ... I did some misbehaving. I said I wanted his lil asian cock to just relax in my mouth. :)
R.I.P. Dick Clark
"I'm so bored that I'd be entertained even by a stupid fuckin linoleum floor,linoleum floor.Yr lyrics are dumb like a linoleum floor"
Hells ya we are!
and so the doodle jump battle is on tonight
Damn #BrunoMars knockin this one out the park!!
Um.. I accept.;) Hahaha see the thing is, these guys who always ask me are never attractive, personality wise or physically.
Its too cold in this classroom >.<
Voice dictation, a "touch of Siri" apparently. RT : #Apple welcomes #Siri to "new iPad"
Oh, I suppose, but I have always had a perverse soft spot for Pete Campbell, incidents w/ Peggy and Swedish nanny notwithstanding.
Great #quote! -> “Patience, persistence & perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success.” Napoleon Hill Translation - HUSTLE HARD!
Does every good date start with a nap? If so than so far I'm doing great.
where can our crew out in Indiana cop that Kid Cloud Design? Plndr..kloop?
So envious! Wish I was going! RT : sending out ARCs in advance of BEA! cc
Just seeing umbrella now? Love it!
RT: Touring Ohio explorers the vibrant community of #Northside with ! Only On Demand Channel 411.
Preach it! RT : T1 HONESTLY....ITS THE PATIENT WHO IS MOST IMPORTANT! Not the nurse, not the doctor, not the hospital
uh my crazy ass if I was there!! So not fair and so jealous
oh...o.o well im glad you didnt xD
I . Need. Dirty Work !
peanut m&m's are in my future..too bad I don't have any. :(
Spending all your time responding to others? Turn off new message alerts and you might just find you have time for a workout.
I know. I think you would choose the "More than I can count" option which is how I answered.
I was thinking the same thing. did you ?
Steve Blake I'll be seeing you
i know haha. Saying he needs to. They need to get someone better than that chump
Gave project url to 1st researcher yesterday: hope for positive feedback during the user process...
Chimpanzee trailer. >>>>>
Lets help Alex reach that goal !!!!!!!!! Come on Acons
went from rails 3.0 to 3.1. test suite became 2x slower. changing gem 'mysql' to gem 'mysql2' fixed it!
I don't know why you follow me. I just don't know!!!!
It's actually eleventy billion thousand times better. RT : Hyperbole is a thousand times better than exaggeration.
yea my sister dragged me to the Bright Eyes show Z it was free I couldn't complain!
March is Natl Athletic Trainer Month. has 62 LATs and the ONLY P200 in Indiana.
has one more pair of tickets to see win them around 5:30!
messing around with Sitegrinder 3 demo. seeing how clean this code is..
can kill 150 people
Chris, I'm praying that God will work a miracle and heal you. We know He is the great physician and can do it.
life sucks so i roundhouse kicked a random dude into next week youll see him next friday
great joke! Its picture day, we might have to use that to get students smiles!
Please RT our previous tweet to all of your followers ... thanks in advance!
I'm on hour 2 of a Hoarder marathon on A&E and I've been drunk 3 times and have tried committing suicide twice and I have 22 hours to go!
what the hell!
Love this! Merci beaucoup! >RT Get on the river! Check out Above the Falls Sports: kayak tours on the Mississippi near DT
just made this twiter cuz i love DRAKE!<3
RT : RT : “It is better to risk saving a guilty man than to condemn an innocent one.” Voltaire
Tomorrow Whole Foods Market will be donating 5% of the days profits to Briarpatch Runaway and Homeless Youth Program.
-- evening temple bells / stopped in the sky / by cherry blossoms #haiku ~Chiyo-ni
Happy Canadian Thanksgiving to all! Off to celebrate with and other cool cats
what kind? pomagrante or the mango one?
until $ is out of politics and our version of capitalism better represents externalities we will be functionally voiceless
please please go follow it would mean so much to her! <U+E327>
Time fucking flies
Happy Bobby Valentine's Day!
"Pray without ceasing." Just make sure your prayers are about preying on others.
im tellin ya
is my hero
follow me! Im a new street team member, Tasia kester told me about it. (:
Wondering if #11 could add express buses, like I've seen w/other routes.
Ok so...last night was killer! My band The #MapLegends ripped it! The crowd was so amazing! I had the time of my life at CBGB!
Congrats to Tami on winning the Vegas Sweepstakes! Thanks to all who entered! :)
much appreciated, my friend
Wow!!!!!!!! I'm speechless just thinking about it!
ok see, see, now you found yaself a nigga..you was lookin for a nigga? nigga here now!!
you know it, how's it going dude?
let's play!
Waiting at Starbucks while Su and Jennifer renew their PRC passports here in Houston.
Come to HU Tonight for the NUL's State of Black America 2012 town hall event!
RT RT if you miss someone.
we will see you tomorrow. will be celebrating a clients birthday! Can't wait!
Don't miss Scouting for Girls perform in Lincoln on 3 Sept with Glee inspired G*Mania and Lulu!
Agreed. Dancing dude + egg guy + Doug from Seattle = heckuva premiere! #liveonkomo cc
A.B.N. reunited I know my nigga Clip smiling down on tha fam
Groupon acquires online retailer Mertado (buy the competitors)
what's up with that!
“You have to see it to be it. Picture your objective and achieve it.”
No, No symbols have been loaded for this document for YOU
Thanks for the RT! Please, let us know if we can do anything for you.
Im lost can u show me something
They all became democrats???
YOU GUYS ARE TAKIN' UP MY HOME PAGE D:<
#dead RT : ": Just inhaled my first cig #YOLO" you now have lung cancer congrats
YEAH AUGUST. I WENT THERE!
When my love ...goes bang bang bang ..u better run for coverr u sweet little thang lol (in pops voice)
i don't have many problems in my life, i just come to twitter for them. :)
starving... I desperately need some nosh..
I'm still trying to get images to load...it's been a long day so far.
Thank you!!
thanks for the #FF!
Just remember that I'm through all your shit I'm the only one that's still by your side ....
I'm a cowboy fan, however, watching the skins game... Are you not allowed to hit a quarterback anymore???
“: Was this at Courthouse?” The haze yesterday morning - @ Courthouse & then in pm haze/mask @ Farragut West.
I appreciate the Follow Back. You're correct! Thanks! Hope you have a
Xavier's dance concert is June 23 @ 6pm. Grp rate tix are $20 each. Wanna go? If so, how many tix?
RT : I support -- so much that I'm going to donate $1 for each RT of this post. #Obama2012”
Good for you brother!
Did My Make Up In The Car. Ehh"/
: Do it RT : people who say it cannot be done, should not interrupt those who are doing it.
are you thinking earthquake?
At long last, you'd get to see TF Masterfoce the way you've always wanted to: with crisp sound and clear video.
yea I will be there Saturday. Can't go Friday cause of this school thing
Today is the perfect day for our most popular item- Strawberry Chicken Salad w/ mandarin oranges, pecans, feta, & strawberry vinaigrette!
If my writing is bad-blame twitter. Between abbreviations, a few words i say "wth" instead of "i am very displeased with what has happened"
Cancel one. And do the rest.
Happy Mom's Day M!
Lakers show the Clippers who owns Los Angeles!!! And of course Kobe was clutch at the end! Lakers #1 KB 24 MVP!
My abstract got accepted for publication in A 's Anthropology News !!!
these niggas playing football on the court
Hey why don't you go look yourself up on wikipedia
Will be sporting a jersey for Super Bowl - like you brought out your hats for the royal wedding?
Get Rozzell back involved!
Don't start anything you can't finish
Burning Man at the Conference on World Affairs Fresh off her well-received (and lightning-speed) talk about Burning Man at The Economist
"We may run, walk, stumble, drive or fly, but let us never lose sight of the reason for the journey."
"Charles Barkley always droppin names, aye baby shoutout to you baby aye..." lol at Inside The NBA
she thinks that happiness is a mat that sits on her doorway.
Say it ain't so???? What ever is this world coming to? No mobile food picnic spot with trees, tables, umbrellas and chair's
#Ferrari is sitting in 4th place in #F1 standings going into the Spanish GP. Do you think Fernando Alonso will have a successful homecoming?
I know a great band! DM your email and I can send info!
Today is pi day!! What is your favorite pie?? Mine is Apple!!
Yoga is the most natural and free way you can enjoy and live life, try it ;-)
There is nothing to eat in my Fridge :(
Reconciliation through repentance over justice and purity does not sound like Menno status quo.
Visitors can expect to see Chowder and Clementine teach their offspring to swim, play, forage for food, and catch fish.
I forgot Ofest the following weekend.
fucc pretty riccy stop sending us stuff about them niggas
Me too, too!
Doing taxes today...
Steal their Starbucks and lunches... cc:
Pinterest has consumed my life
what is this referring to?
stay out of my account your not funny or I'm just gonna delete my account
its not quieter, just angrier lol
RT : have thrown my hat in for
Its so hot!/:
Hey there ! You're right--about those #crazyeyes. It's a scary cover indeed.
Today we fish where the fish are
Watching the original Batman with my daughter and she just keeps asking when he's going to get his suit on.
I love being stranded at the mall
I think I'll go to bed for a while, after all its Sunday! hahahahaa
RT Emery says McClellin is a defensive end in Bears defense
If you're not busy, listen to our song! You can hear it on our facebook.. Like us! facebook.com/stoneatlantic
ROB ZOMBIE ROB ZOMBIE ROB ZOMBIE!!!!! I got my eye on YOU!!!!!!!
Siri is useless.
“To acquire the habit of reading is to construct for yourself a refuge from almost all the miseries of life.” W. Somerset Maugham
Flight for life en route to cycle crash in Brookfield at Moorland rd
re: "sponsored by X" though I know better, I'm still slightly wary. Can't wait to hear what others say
Your killing me smalls.
If I was at home, today would be a holiday.
K his voice is amazin he da 1 who went off durn french
- your team is off the hook, thanks for a stellar tasting!
it is, especially if you are connecting theories of race to imperialism. Also covers human zoos... Kids liked it.
Our cat hospital's network (patient files & xray machine) are all connected. No net, several PCs go down
Notice me please, I love you
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> this is going in the library of congress
omg thts how it is :{
Am I asking for too much?!? It can't be this hard.
yoooooooo mad intense. I can't imagine how Moza feels. Haha
Fun time with Mickey Amelia & Spiegel (& Scott) this morning, plus some good wedding advice from The Queen! Great way to start the day!
did you like the edukators?
Hey hey. How are you doing this week? On the road for work already?
In #nycschools, attend drops in May and June: 5% in elementary, 7% in middle, 10% in high school.
Wait? Kobe got in the game? Metta murdered someone? I should have skipped class today.
i did
A week from today I'll be on my way to sunny San Diego - sad to leave Milwaukee but excited for a new adventure :)
ERRYBODY GO & FOLLOW ----> FOR THE LIVEST MOST MINDLESS TWEETS EVA!!!
Anyone using Final Cut X now after the crash and burn release it had? Thinking about booting up my copy and finally learning it.
Dear Twitter, Why do I have to express my feelings in 140 letters or less? love, the girl that always sends 3 pages for one txt
I met a boy named Chelsea today.
Ugh i hate walking without my ipod
Totally true. Either did
If I ever leave Boston (for whatever reason), I want to take the Riverwalk with me.
You Welcome!
Thanks Nanette I appreciate it.
- www.greennote.com can also help students with #college expenses. Donor campaigns can help pay for books, lab fees or ??
Forecast for Rest Of Tonight: Cloudy. Scattered showers with isolated thunderstorms late this evening. Lows in the...
i'm going to attempt to re-pierce my earrings by myself :D
Score! Thanks B!
THE BASH IS COMING! THE BASH 2012 - DMSC'S NEW YEAR'S EVE
Thanks! I think these will be fun this Summer :D
Congratulations President!
And then you will make a killing in syndication.
haha just try lol it's easy for a guy to do it then a girl
oh :p lol duncan loves his hamster!
First in line at the panel, natch.
Ugh I think I messed up my back like it seriously hurts in desperate need of a massage :((
I've been listening to the same song all day.
Some dreams stay dreams, some dreams come true!
I decided I wasn't going to come down. I was going to fly. I was going to stay up in the air forever. Jesse Owens
1st census lists a widower & his 9-yr-old; kid's listed in an "orphan asylum." 2nd, the widower is dead of consumption, no son
- the best shows out there! I'll be busy acquiring tomorrow...
I hate that guy haha
NIALL!! PLEASE TWEET she's loosing her battle with cancer quickly, she needs to know you love her!!!!!!!!!!!
I was in the ER all night cause i broke my hand from punching. Sucks
Half the lawn really needs a mowing and the other half is yellow from no rain. What to do..?
I'm tired. Learning all the things is hard.
seriously-that's insanity. But glad you are now on board with the awesomeness:)
We are about to announce the giveaway for the Jason McCourty Autographed Photo. Who's ready?
i saw most of mirror mirror today it was cute!
Lol bowling was mad fun !
What a throw by Manning!!
Boy, some of these MW schools will not be happy. New Mexico 0 scheduled TV games. Colorado State has 1. Wyoming has 1. Ouch.
Ugh I'm missing him like crazy, and he won't wake up lol
its my birthday today do you think I can get a shoutout? Its my 16th :)
Havent seen much return on it....doesnt keep my attention. But I am a true Google user..latitude, gmail, voice etc.
These laces are untied, but my feet are still walking away.
u guys gave us in Milwaukee a hell of a fight. The outlaw will rise again
Had so much fun last night! Rachel is super sexy and sweet and the music dominates heavily! Thanks again guys
Now you're just being mean
I'm so glad you tweeted this. I love the New Species series!
he will ONLY come back if he considers her as his "home"
Hopefully gonna get some mixing done after work tomorrow for the new MSF record :) you guys will love it!
Anyone know how to get rid of an annoying cold
Um, Carlota, the shoes are great but consider the fact that you have to negotiate NYC terrain.you'll be
#NW national security (:
Right now my dear friend visiting from out of town is playing out in the sun with my toddler. And I.... Get to enjoy faculty senate.
This RT : A&T gets on my last nerve!
Sorry to hear about your grandpa. Big Blue fans in Dallas thoughts and prayers are with you and your family.
When random people come into your house <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Son is playing games and I'm out front relaxing from yard work. Busy place today! I'm in a red space shuttle t-shirt.
they all look horrible!!!!
Did Harrison just get fined again?
The problem really is the catalog. It would be great to have parts of the website made mobile, but w/o the catalog, it's nada.
Thanks Amy! RT :
I really really hate being bored...so im just gonna draw.:p
Smile... It confuses people
We would love to hear the feedback and sorry about the registration yesterday. We'll get that sorted for next year.
Heading out to the king for a dominican tasting
Let's end the season the way we started it with a win over Kansas!
Cause iam the bomb lol u was the queen of twittet..RT that's when I started February 2009 idk how I even found u.
I hate being an only child. I'm always home alone.
Chillin on a dirt road..
cause the eggs you suck on are too rotten TWOgs
Are you playing safe? We offer #imprinted condoms. www.BNoticed.com
Be interesting, be enthusiastic, and don't talk too much. ~ Norman Vincent Peale
Thank's!!
I hope who ever coined the term word play is run over by a skool bus
i thought they were angels. They turned out to be ambulances.
What a fun day! With thx to all who attended today's Creating Powerful Radio workshop here in Vancouver!
Glad to follow
There is a girl that looks just like #caseyanthony in
- glad you agree! I was going to, but kept thinking it would be overkill. I have a 5 month old so for piece of mind -I will do it!
Three more class sessions done. Much thanks to the instructors and students of #comm509, #comm704, and #comm346. You guys rocked!
What kind of people do you expect to attract with an ass for an Avi and a Username with "wetlips" in it?
#incaseyoudidntknow, I don't know either
thanks for the follow! Listening to vinyl tops our favorites list as well!
I would never have amounted to anything were it not for adversity. I was forced to come up the hard way. -J. C. Penney
": Never stop Believing !!!!!" Yes indeed!
To be cut off after NINE YEARS because your people want to talk shit about me would make anybody bitter and miserable.
Lightroom 3 has been rendering 1:1 previews for over 24 hrs now. Maybe time for an upgrade to the ol MacBook.
Aw! It's just like I'm six. :)
you birthday coming up?? If you want to throw a party at any of these venues HIT ME ON THE DM!! Societe--Halo--Allure--Privilege--Apostrophe
Thanks for the recommendations!! I'm looking forward to trying them out this week!
I didnt see that to now! I wish I were there
Intellect >>>>> Emotion
I don't hate you. I'm just not necessarily excited about your existence.
Hey I just followed u i'm in the v 103 room
UK / L-ville Baseball Game on Louisville TV?
fixed thanks
i really dont give a shit about the nfl. played tennis golf soccer track bball darts baseball racquetball volleyball kickball flipcup &on...
" the quality of the restaurant is many times different, and almost always better than in the United States." True.
and how you know im not a stalker and live in yo area...lol
Tues/Weds storm may bring a mix of sleet and freezing rain to Milwaukee and Chicago...stay tuned
Mom comes home soon. #yay #NOT <U+E005><U+E113>
I think it's because you have a certain tv service that not everyone has, I have direct tv.
hope you're feeling good chris!!
Excited for the weekend. I GET to write a paper & attend The Truth About Choice at Dominican University.
thank you! i'd love to see those red dirt roads! came up with a rockin' backdrop for this song. can't wait to finish it!
"I was in a punk band called Death!" I can see voters responding well to that.
Great day 1 in New Orleans! Looking forward to our talk tomorrow from 11-noon in room 252. Stop by, you'll see Speech Buddies clinical data!
RT Prosecutor says #yeardley survived for two hours alone on her bed badly injured by #huguely before she died. Strangled.
did you forget there is a penalty for being Matt Cooke?
He'll learn the difference between "your" and "you're" at Vanderbilt. And he won't be at risk from pedophile coaches.
much love fam
*shakes head, laughing under my breath* if only all men could go through it. *keeps going*
Excellent point. Right on! Take what you learn and give it a try. Jim Rohn said do not let the record show that you did not
I got three for $100!
FourBarrell: Sea of hipsters worth the coffee and donuts.
ill b down the way next weekend...u in the city or carbondale
Kenya scared lmao
if we can't teach acceptance we need to teach tolerance. I agree. I will RT.
I don't think I've said it on this account yet.. So HAPPY EASTER
#BieberTaughtMe how to sing like him and r kelly
in school?
follow me
Talking about how much you love her, hate her, and all that bullshit on twitter ain't going do you know good
yep #feelyourpain I am teaching again... Decided on projects... Just wrapped up book fair got some freebies tho
Thought you diddent have any media shit? And yes i listened to it. It was gold! I replied to ur comment on utube as well.
did i maybe leave my phone in your truck? i've looked everywhere for it!
Austin's new icon is flirting with me<U+2665>
I'm proud of President
But I Imagine Everybody Goin' Out Tonight .
and ur band
A fan is a fan good and bad, idk where these bandwagoners came from
Heat has to play solid D for 24 seconds. Indiana's balance scoring is hard to defend.
If you're a fan of Seinfeld, you wanna tune in to this morning. We have a cast member in our studios!
Yo all my peeps
Never thought i could like you so much
My son dont feel good..i have to pick him up from school than go to work..jo jo is my baby boy he means the world to me..
not yet but I guess I better start before the movies come out :)
Thanks, yall! Can't wait for you to see it!
Every class I have canceled today. What a great Monday!
Tonight at 7:00pm, poetry by Elizabeth Austen, Katrina Vandenberg, and Kristin Naca. That's three poets for the price of one!
I guess I should attempt to go to sleep now.
3 min left and 4 goals =)
:D hope you had an amazing day!!
I can't wait untill this weekend!! I'm super excited
EVERYBODY COME VISIT OUR MOVIE WEBSITE WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM this film is funny & going hard for 2011. songs are just about selected !!!
This aint to regular season! Were comin for it. Once you fall alseep on the #Blazers, we come back in the forth quarter!
Woah nelly, Amy. That's quite the stack. It would probably look thinner if they were digitalized.
Most people can look go back over the years and identify a time and place at which their lives evolved significantly.
RGIII is about to come out with some Redskins socks on or some shit
I wanna party and bullshit, and party and bullshit, and party and bullshit, and party, and party.
The man says that there are worse things in life than are going on right now . When you're 90, how important do you think this will seem?ndw
Cont'd: US Air force officers working with air force personnel dealing with post traumatic stress and many other areas. Incredible work.
Which do you like better?: A. Swag B. Swagge C. Swaggie D. Non of the above
This sun makes me want to be out on the water. Anybody else?
how would you like it if your pension were the one getting raided.
people that cant drive because its wet
Which pizza did you enjoy today? Hope it was delish...
Love #SMASH!!!
I always get shaky when I do them
have you ever seen me around chilrdren? the answer is most likely no...because I'm not qualified.
Thank you for the #FF! TGIF!
Not feeling so great..
On book 1, Channie seems very nonchalant about cursing (nasty word, that) those she's angry at. Juvenile? Or just human?
hey! U are who came up to me and asked was a Bre friend?
wish I could be there :'( come to kokomo or Lafayette :-) then if tickets aren't to much I'll be there!!! :-)
My #yellowlab is silly, he pretends that he is hungry to all of us hoping that he will get 2 helping of food
It's bcuz your soo beautiful(:
Listening to "WeWishYouAMerryChristmas"--BEAUTIFUL! You are heroes to me. Merry Christmas and bless you!
Jessica Sanchez. You are amazing.
Be sure to stop by our Backyard BBQ from 12-4pm tomorrow! is cooking up all you can eat burgers, pulled pork & more for $15!
I've had one of the best manhattans ever
I blame television and processed foods.
Don't be so focused on His will that you forget about HIM!
Note to self: stop wearing "Chairman Meow" t-shirt to favorite Chinese restaurant. They don't find it funny the first or second time.
right ? Don't worry it goes tomorrow too it was pretty fun wanna go tomorrow
So tired
Really want to be sleeping
Goin to see my boys play baseball....
Thx 4 the idea What other ideas like this or #parenttrigger give parents real voices in their kid's education?
Waiting on that #richforever from
Black Ops 2 MW3 and the Kinect Sports & Adventures and idk what else I really only play MW3 & Black Ops
Like Peter?
Seems RavenDB Studio doesn't allow me to create a database when I miskey my user name. #pickypicky Thanks for the tech support
no problem - if that was my bulldog i'd be a hysterical mess!
Creative methods of getting in the consumers mind to think of you first is your job as a marketer.
I found the conclusion of Bachelor Pad highly satisfying. You?
writing out sketches for more studio baffles. Trying to decide whether to use Owens Corning 703 or 705 in conjunction with MDF..suggestions?
JOSIE COTTON Convertable Music is super good and timeless
I don't get why nonprofit marketing pros focus on what OTHER nonprofits are doing. Who says it's right? Let's focus on data re the market.
Yep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>RT ": When I Roll Up <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> that girl be smiling and taking my pretzel M&M's -.-"
r u related or friends with Christian beadles
but whipped cream would make it even better
I'm all for this. You're cute, and I mean both of you. I'll treat you to a steak dinner and even call you the next day.
Just got a puppy for my fiance's b-day, now trying to pick names... any ideas?
its called ”Love This Life” , good song.
You can add to your screenwriter database.
I love getting compliments from strangers after fashion shows :)
Sheila Roher, Leonardo Blair and Jeanelle Roman will answer your questions on ageing in the next 60 minutes (2-3PM). Use
That red would look perfect next to my double ghost. Is it even possible to get one?
Also, that was a great article that "led" to Ovi's resurgence. Definitely a difference in him recently
Apart from growth and change caterpillars don't become butterflies! DM
Iono if I'm in twitter jail or what? Can't follow any of my new followers? For that I apologize, love yas all!
*SMH* no booty pics posted doe
I guess some people will never know..
Save the date: Our next #DASER is on Thursday, May 24 at 6 p.m. at the Keck Center, 500 Fifth St., N.W. More info is coming soon!
Only 4th? Would have thought closer to 1st.
Yeah Baby I'm almost sing My man on Death row
Happy Birthday to me!!!!!!!
If you are accepted, Dr. Quinn Capers, IV, will begin making calls to all accepted applicants after 7:00 p.m. EST on March 28, 2012.
Works for 'Comic Sans' too.
Cannot wait for the new Arthur movie to come out!! I Adore the original, and Dudly Moore..
“: ". I believe is still going to have a problem selling himself to American women." - on #AC360” ya think? Douche
<U+2752> Single <U+2752> Taken <U+2714> Mentally dating a celebrity.
Have you ever had the feelin that you was bein had?
Last chance to qualify for a Super Shopper loyalty gold card on July 31. See for more info on how you can win.
I wanna change mine too. I'll steal yours and become sir Beto lol
it's too relaxing.
Audition Saturday. Time to hit the books. Gotta a script to read. Looking forward to this audition. Happy Thursday!
lifes a bitch naw better yet a dumb broad #classic weezy
#Whatmakesfrenchbeautiful I immediately thought of 1D. -le shrug-
Don't go by the number on the scale, measure by how your clothes are fitting.
Oh hell yeah its Jersey Shore time! #Jerzday #itstshirttime!
When your email signature is more than, I dunno, 5 times the size of your actual email message, there might be a problem
Warm 98 doesn't carry dahlias show at night anymore. Idc if it sounds girly but that was some relaxing music
So true "conspicuous expression has replaced conspicuous consumption as the core driver of social identity."
Hi Jazz.
so I kinda wanna get really fucked up this weekend to the point where I don't remember shit lol
that's what they said DX
It'd be nice if the law of diminishing marginal returns didn't apply to coffee. Can we get somebody on that, please?
#Newt won't set foot in Iowa until those people stop thinking that steak is Italian food. And sorry Des Moines, but Marriott isn't "luxury."
Studies show taller men earn more money than shorter men
goodnight love!
no, but I've said it to myself... zoom with your feet.
I missed both games, I had coaching of my own to do lol, Cam is such a good player, very good passer and mobile QB
Where is #Chicago? #OccupyWallStreet? #OccupyLaSalleStreet or #OccupyDaleyPlaza ? Tweet if your tired of govt theft & murder
LOL wow I can only imagine
um followin u follow back
#oomf be subtweeting like a bitch!
Thanks for voting! We really appreciate it!
old sKool tees will be your new favorite shirt because it will fit like it was made for YOU!
i didnt write that thing to u it waz my friend kayla were sleeping over shes a tomboy to plz forgive her
Gotcha Bro!! IMma Check Him Out
Live on your android on Tune in radio app,,
Hahaha too late! D'oh! But I love Baltimore!!! :)
You look super insecure when accuse your bf of cheating or hiding something for you or think he's always lying like give him some space
u guys didnt go wit dem? Nd umm no hes taken by u sweetie hahaa
No problem. Site looks crisp and delicious.
Still can
I keep getting random Friend Requests on FB... Like, wtf? o-o
what up yo? welcome!
To those has tags on instagram really work. I just put a hash tag of justinbieber and MADD ppl liking that shit! Lmaoo
I just hope you picked in the "Klout Matchup"! :)
What a beautiful Sunday afternoon..
I first read your check in as "I'm Alive and Well in NYC"
You know it baby...RT: are awesome
Happy Holidays from Third Coast Publishers!
RT if your a proud
<U+200E>'Find something you are passionate about and keep tremendously interested in it.' - Julia Child
I miss you too <33
wow, good luck to her!
Is there a calendar for that? ;)
Check out our new portable gadget! The TwistAid! www.twistaid.com
heck yeah! What song are you looking forward to seeing us play?!
I started being really proud of the fact that I was gay even though I wasn't. -Kurt Cobain
thx...i added you on facebook
Tomorrow morning we will be inducting 10 central Indiana newborn baby girls into
#FF Podcasts I've been cramming in my ears
lmao! smh RT : Things not to do while driving: put in eye drops <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Sounds like fun, ladies!
Very nervous about this gm rt now
Got to see a screening of It definitely needs to see a major release because it is a terrific, original, hilarious movie.
Conf. call with Knowledge Community Reps. What an amazing group of professionals! Everyone should join a NASPA KC!
thank you for the #FF!
it takes about a week for them to look normal again... oil helps though!
less than 2 weeks left til halloween! what's everyone going as???
Taking the family to the #Portland #Boat #Show today. Looking forward to some great boats and overpriced hotdogs.
I also found out that this is the last weekend on the air for New York's 98.7 Kiss FM (WRKS). The war on Black Media continues!
Girl, ima take you to the finest place in town... Olive Garden! Wine and Dine cause damn girl you SO FINE!
I think everyone should experience defeat at least once during their career. You learn a lot from it. ~ Lou Holtz
Pussy is blinding ...
I am going to do something amazing. What I have coming up is very unexpected.
If random theatre newbies rave to me all year re 's "Freud's Last Session" & more, my work on this planet is done.:)
#oomf stays on
Everything has been figured out, except how to live
So.... gotta do this weekend hw..... My school didn't have school Friday and we don't have it today. ! ( :
What's up.?
If one is lucky, a solitary fantasy can transform one million realities
GOOOODD LUCKK!! you deserve everything you are getting! You are the most inspirational person in the world to me(:
#IfJustinWasMyBoyfriend i would cherish every moment of our relationship <3
I'll start wherever
The minute you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long.
ah amazing win #NYR #shutout! Who are the devils anyway <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
my mommy made me pizza. #SheLovesMe <U+E415>
M... my friend's suggestion of Jewish pozole has me considering Jewish carne en su jugo.
You have to listen to this interview. His time starts at 1:47 on the podcast. You have to listen. Fred speaks so well.
i'm up and i just read your "not ok" article. thanks.
word of the day: "art-centric"
Puck I fuckin love you!! You are a real man!!!
good morning tweets its monday lets start the week of with a bang!
Just did! RT : you're welcome
Done with prac on my way to workout no time for rest out to be the best no less.... putting all the haters to rest.
Kiss ass..
Always these religious fanatics that worry about what other ppl are doing in their personal lives. Abortion, gay marriage, birth control etc
best part of that article is cutting CS saves them $1.7mm but their annual sports budget is $99 million!!
I am with you. Ready to drop Wells - they cancelled a BillPymt bc it was the same amount as another I sent the same day?!
Owning your own business does NOT mean you work for yourself - you're clients are your bosses!
My outfit is on point today... Must i say. #ShoeGameCrazy baby
We need to move from a consumer driven economy to an innovation driven economy.
TROY!!!!! You are going to blow up my phone lol!!! Keep it up :))
Got emotional baggage? Give it to Jesus & he will take it, unpack it, & give you a brand new set. Rest in His perfect Love for you.
It needs to be the weekend already. better yet, summer <U+2600>
at gearhart walkin and drivin on the beach..wish i could send pics..so beautiful
should clarify that the F.B.C. carriage or chaise is from 1790 Boston.
Send me a list of datafeed you would like to be citable!!!
only losers go to the book store
798 2 more till 800 you guys should rt this i follow everyone ;)
I love Saturdays <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
are you at graduation?? Maria & I are here too! Would love to see you!
i clean up
live positive. live happy. live with kindness and an appreciation for others. live well
Thanks! Glad U enjoyed.
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." Ralph Waldo Emerson
Just worked out on the trampoline!! ;)
hello hello :-)
I bet nicki minaj pussy be sweating like no other
Love drinking cocktails in first class while everyone else is boarding!
Everyday is #mothersday I need an un-mother's day!!!! LOL
Happy 1st Mother's Day! I hope Jens is showering you with appreciation, or at least a few extra smiles!
Support local music!
Some shit you shouldn't talk about because you know nothing about it
As the founder of Oscilloscope, Yauch also distributed WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT KEVIN, THE MESSENGER, MEEK’S CUTOFF, BELLFLOWER, WENDY & LUCY.
Get back to work, Wehrman.
I'm teaching a Bible study tonight in the University area // if you're interested in coming get in touch w me!
just on tests...
Well I'm glad u r n s fl with me RT : Lol oh Ft Lauderdale
I'm having fun celebrating our son's birthday, Dane.
HOW MUCH IS TOO MUCH?? (QUESTION OF THE DAY)
I'm not saying school needs to be longer, but the 15 minutes you spend teaching me this fucking rocket science just isn't cutting it.
how sweet! Thx!
Aww , I kinda wanted to play soccer with those kidds :|
Heading to the North Central Civic Association Club Meeting at 7:00 pm 2613 Fulton St. Houston 77009
Came back from the gym and... feeling like major crap man. uughhh
been well sir :-) living in DC for the moment. how r u? good to hear from my peeps from the U
now that's a bold prediction. But don't see it happening
what to do, what to do? #sour it up?
Hah! Try living with mine!
no sign of them... seems to have died late last year.
With SB champs in attendance, New York goes from "All in" to "All Lin" at The Garden
RT - Hey Kyrie, can you play right field? We need you to save the #Indians too. Sincerely,
I'm in a river. hahahaha
Hospital with Jake
you just tweeted my best friend and im fangirling so hard
fried chicken
Hi! RT : #ThankYou 4 the #Follow! Great 2 c u on #Twitter! Here's a #FollowBack 4 you! Please kindly
good man, respect.
i'm a good friend of Tom Smith, Nate Young & Eisenberg yet I've still never seen your live show- can't wait for tonight in Denver!
Will be attending Center for American Progress Action Fund, Progressive Priorities: Budget Disc. with Gene Sperling & Rep. Chris Van Hollen
ughh hearin this flashin justin thing.is on the news,not necesary but hope my parent dont see it cuz they gunna say thing bout justin i <U+2665> jb
Fuck you Facebook!!!
we are in upper deck. That was all that was left....a month ago!!
Gonna need a day to recover from tonight's nail-biter! We're skipping tomorrow & we'll be ready for Sunday's game! GO #Nats!!
Really enjoyed Francisco Mela's playing with McCoy Tyner last night. Great stuff!
SAY SOMETHING!!
Sex before bed or morning wake sex??
TONIGHT: Screening of "The Last Flight of Petr Ginz" at HQ. Come learn abt life of a brilliant boy taken from us too soon. RSVP online.
13 badges in 3 days. Not too bad I guess. Although I am disappointed I traveled around so and some badges didn't unlock.
that one fall be funny when you get up and know someone saw you and you make the split decision to either play it off or take the L
People who treat twitter like a top-down broadcast don't get it. Those who treat it like a chat room don't either.
I'm thinking about deleting my account and make a whole new one. What y'all think ?
follow him now!!
same here not fun!
of was so tempted...
just sent it to him! Haha
...a new particle at the Large Hadron Collider. The chi b(3P), is a new way of combining a beauty quark and its antiquark. From 2011 article
ideas won't work unless YOU do.....
its still hot out!!! thank the lord for ac !!!
yep. Missing gamel and gonzalez is gonna hurt too. Can't wait until gomez is back. Right now its all Braun. Nothing else
got dinosaur stickers and glitter woooh I'm ready
aww so cute :)
Tweet Me Your Name If You Want Me To Make You a
they show that love in the black community dies exist, even when it us hard and that is always a positive and realistic thing
I am quite uncertain about the project I am working on. It was a great start where I am going I don't know?
Thanks for everything
Do you think you would like me better if my name were Biscuit yes/no
I think we should declare today National Nap Day!
I hope so; where i live it's been raining too much! RT Maybe the rain will stop in a few weeks.
and as for the terminix guarantee... i have termite damage and can't even get a call back. lot of good that guarantee did.
Armando Peraza will not attend San Jose Drum Off Friday 8.12.11. Get well local Master of Cuban percussion.
I can't keep doing this, I have a life to live : not a life to hold back on.
He has plenty to choose from.
Re-energized after a lunch with friends - take time out to enjoy life in between work events!
only jams her music as loud as her mom.
Looks like I am signing off. We wanna thank all of you for an AMAZING night. Hope y'all had fun, too!
Pssst, was all over a Rice Krispie treat.
sometimes wishes creating web sites was really as simple as pushing an Easy button.
happy valintines day everyone!!!!u ppl rock.....!!!!
go piss after that speech ma man. piss like a race horse! i was fuckin nervous!!!
A beautiful woman was born on this day some years ago, who is now Mrs ChurchSoundGuy. You'd honor me if you'd pray for Sue briefly. Thanks!
I will for sure!
Is there a way to short the self-serve fro-yo bubble?
Dear anyone who ever writes press releases, avoid fancy, formatted PDFs! OR always have a plain text version of the info handy. ALWAYS.
#HappyHalloween Trick or Treat!
3 ALC students have secured employment within in the last week thanks to the help Jeremy Ault, our transition specialist. Way to go!
Glad to hear that loved one!
Pluto trine/conj Venus can also mean passion n power in art. If Venus is 10/11/12 Cap/Virgo/Taurus n arts your game now -- wow!!
NYO was my 1st web gig, modding a forum for free in '92 or so. Was like blogging for the HuffPo basically!
I hear ya Bob Brown.
#mlbextrainnings and fighting off scurvy!
Very well said. Had to retweet that one!
I smell good
Happiness is a warm gun momma
Leaving a vikings game expecting a win, is like leaving a brothel expecting to be loved!
yep, I'm the definition of cool
I almost liked one of your songs.
Aw, thanks for that #FF. :)
There was a random porn bitch following me.Do I look like the kind of person that wants to go look at your nude profile?
what tourney you playing Phil?
watching all of your keeks!(;
Brother David Ale made by Anderson Brewing in San Fran; the real Brother David's Gratefulness Summit June 23 in SF! Ale for all? Yes!
Still like you.
the simple man becomes annoying to a complexing degree when gloating about simplicity
Foxit(R) Delivers Dynamic Security Watermarks in Reader, PhantomPDF, and PDF Security RMS Protector
but it's so great at the same time
its hot n oh ya wat part?
The mint is taking over! I love it!
Thanks for the shout out!! We had a stellar SOLD OUT opening weekend.
Scoreless first inning.
I feel so clear and light and ready for a positive and healthy rest of 2012! =) LETS GO!!!
Recent studies have shown that eating an Irish Melt for lunch will increase your swag by 35%
Why can't you realize I•love•you
i know its so far away! and i hate flying :/ lol dont worry ill have tons of fun!!
If you don't like the person you've become then change. It's the one thing you have complete control over in this world.
Olive Garden with the coworkers
idk. Lol my moms got it for me
Happy Cinco de Mayo everyone! We hope you have a great day!
im tryin to get a working arcade cabinet of Silent scope in my room
it's another social network...put with pictures :)
Dwight Schrute is all about his paper and so am I.
thats sexy right there ;-)
ahaha all bad , but you still do it no bueno >_< I need my sleep lol I sleep a lot awe hug a teddy bear or something comfortable
yeah I got flaws, I know I'm not perfect But all ups and downs, will soon be worth it When I get there
you guys suck lol.
Coming up: Your local news headlines with Terri D!
welcome my friend!!
Hey Let's Get You A Shirt Right Away! We Can Send You The Quick Info Through Your Email!
You know I have never seen that movie,ever?I have only seen like the last thirty second with that horrible,nightmare, kiss.
The 3 brightest objects in the night sky (Moon, Venus, Jupiter) are all in conjunction right now. It's beautiful.
Music legend and the original outlaw Willie Nelson is about to perform on Jimmy Fallon!
i like fried ones with ketchup. hah im weird
Damn sounds jus like me! O.o TT_TT
RT if Alex isn't following you. :'(
Long road trip for headed to Albuquerque, NM as a 4 seed and will play Montana in the 1st round Thursday.
I'm in NY
I give you permission. Are you in Louisville right now? Because Sergio's is fricking crazy. Good story next time I see you.
follow me on twitter thank u
Bullying such an important topic.....caught attention of the teachers unions in Wisconsin and their friends who demonstrate proper technique
Yes. Check out his other stuff too! I've been listening to his YouTube Channel all mornign.
Okay! :D
will who?
This book is like HATE layered in between chocoloate and coconut ... nom nom nom
Hope tour is going well bro! Wish you guys played a date closer to the Milwaukee area!
A successful person is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks that others throw at him or her. ~David Brinkley
Festivals are HUGE fun! And we love to help with them
Nothing beats the combo of arroz y frijoles.
yea yea
Goodnight world :P
Justin Is More Than A Name, Is A Legend. Never Say Never Is More Than A Phrase, Is A Lifestyle <3 Justin Is My World
Oh ok. So your levels are good...
I suddenly wanna go skating LOL hell I just might do that
I know history better than you and being offended by "dense" proves you were misinformed and can't admit it
Sorry, I guess I should've come up with a Costello lyric to paraphrase there. You're a man out of time zones, Owen!
If only i could get a follow from the most amazing people on twitter D: :)
Dear headache: go away!!! I have stuff I need to get done tonight.
unexpected visits from >
Off to the Paoluse on a roadtrip with 2 models and a creative....
cant wait to get school over with today. just want to go to work
Was that #CannonBallGoneWrong really related to #Mythbusters? Glad to hear no reports of injuries -I love that show!
please ignore the DM. It was definitely spam. I was hacked. :( I tried to DM you but Twitter won't let me. Sorry!
Thanks Shaun!
I'd follow whichever way you went bro
the chris brown one. I literally couldn't breathe I laughed so hard. haha. (:
Cartoon Wars 2?
apt complex news: Circle P appears to be back in the favor of the Garage Boys despite massive recent wt. gain that may/may not be pregnancy
Going to bedd!!!!!
that would be awesome(;
weekend in July??
One big room full of real niggas and a bunch of bad bitches
Good Morning cancers!!! : Good morning
Good morning tweeps! Start your day off right with a Premium Roast Coffee and Egg McMuffin.
The Young Bucks take on the Northstar Express in tag team action.
I'm ready for roll
Cutler-Bennett!!! Dynamic duo!!
WILL U DM THAT AGAIN IT DIDN'T GO THROUGH
"If it were a surprise, surely World Peace would have looked to have seen what he hit so hard."
You gals have an absolute favorite AZ team or do you like them all equally?
They say to be yourself and then judge youu.
too bad he is a douche
: In the meantime I'll assume you're just a boy who's scared of people who are comfortable with calling dumb ideas dumb.
Let's talk about the chocolate playgirl models! lol..
come to our room 2141 we have alcohol in our room :0)
This is a double-fisted caffeine kinda day.
niagara hell yes
I never knew Love could Hurt this Bad.
My summer is already pretty packed!! Can't wait. Many cabin weekends, friends visiting, etc.
Spa day in Richmond with the girls!!!
love the dress! FIRE! You make me want to get my summer clothes out! DIVA STATUS!
back from school. going to FIDM tomorrow for College day <3 ! :) & the fashion institutes! What to wear !?
Hey I heard you were a wild one
Tune in to Fox 6 at 8:15 a.m. today to hear Michelle Marie discuss FemCity Milwaukee. :)
Ugh, so tired. I never sleep well on Sundays.
Now world knows lol ": don't forget to tell world that Dare Dan will be there w/ also!"
David Yow is guest bar tending at The Brixton tonight starting at about 10!!!
That's never it. A boss could get it regardless.
I Just Put Brooke Picture As My WallPaper (((=.
I can't blame this on walking from the car now.
my brother said 2 me did u see Taraji P. Henson Go Nude 4 Allure i said no he reply she got it going on "u may wanna put her bck on ur list"
always keeping her niggas in check ;)
Indeed. RT : I think the real winner is the American people.
Jimmy johns air condition is so cold right now that it actually feels nicer outside...
there's no way to know that itll fix things but broodlords from mutas like in bw... count buildings needed for collosi vs broods
The Truth!
I LOVE thunderstorms. I love them even more when I am home and all cozy...
And Tom Thibodeau is COMPLETELY off the hook.
Now u need some cooking apps! Try all recipes or food on the table ;) RT #mlamobiletech a lot of food for thought.
well make sure you enjoy it :)
RT ": You are more than a conqueror! Through #Christ, you win!"
love that movie!
ha I know. Wish I went :/ I'll hear about all of it tomorrow I'm sure :)
Take me baby, or leave me.
get the Jordan's that look the same and we can go rock them silly
the lazy song
Why can't I comment on any Blogger blogs? Why. Why. Why.
You were the only one on my Google search who said "fuck Scrivener." Did you ever get that figured out? I'm a new adopter...
Yo why is Mr.Bean so damn funny
i got sum kool-aid nd sum spicy church's chicken bout 2 smash
seriously, please do. I thought you'd be helping out at Umami and come out to say hello.
Glad that 2012 is starting out so well
When you allow someone to lean on your shoulder, cry bitch n moan and but when your down they are no were to be found?
hey love. When are you coming to florida? (:
I know, I won't fly AA again if I have a choice.
you get some Takís?
got it thanks! Please check your email I tried sending one today.
Yes, me too, but sometimes something semi-random happens which changes thinking enough to feel like a redirect...
Follow &amp; Retweet for chances to win a $100 Starbucks Card. Great 4 on the road or around the block :) Winner ann. July 1!
RT if you are getting your #brunch on today! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
Hi love! will u be performing tonite at ?? LET ME KNOW!! :)
good luck tonight Bruce!
Happy Valentine's Day Tweet Peeps!!!!
Well, just waiting for grandpa to get here so i can head to florida.
2am&awake again,u tell my u have no problem sleeping,weeping I can not do4 u left me 4 whyI not c, so I count to10 & hope 2 dream again;:o)
Im good! When you coming to LA again?
How many games out of 4th place in the division will the #Phillies finish this year?
Lindsay says she personally has a friend who ate a whole pound of cheese while in a hypnotic stage caused by Ambien.
you're all in now!
there are some "nice" parts in it too.. Like when they go shopping in the supermarket with no one there
Paramount Pictures and Indian Paintbrush announced today they will co-produce the movie "Labor Day" set for release in March 2012.
lol girl just let me know when
Beautiful day for pruning grapes, apples, plums, peaches and pears. Dreams of summer fruits filling my head!
Kayla just turned my day around !
A RWNJ called me "devil woman" today. I'm so proud.
Just lie to my ears tell me you feel the same thts all I've been dying to hear
Ahead @ 5 on NBC15 News, we're highlighting a Beloit woman's "community baby shower for mothers in need." great project to help moms
Belated thank you!
Can you believe how big Flo's following has become?
I dug my key into the side of his Pretty little, souped up Four-wheel drive. Carved my name into his leather seats--
I can't stand people who eat food like a cow. Just the noise, Ew.
The way the Clippers kept huddling up, great communication! I knew something special was happening!
ain't u got class tomorrow?
please tell to #getbetter(: I love him!
#geeklove for life
He is strong, smart, can tackle, good on the ball and not a p***y. Those are his tools.
your back ground look nice i love it
Stupid timeline isn't showing. Twitter on my iPhone is always fucking up t(-__-)
Minnesota Senate rejects June Primary, part of conference committee compromise sent back to commttee.
I hate to bug you, again, for a correction, but I do not want the MA GOP falsely taking credit for that video.
Yes yes it has been a Disgrace
You guys, my gas light came on and I just burst into tears. I think I just found my wit's actual end.
haha it's all good(:
You guys were wrong on Obama's Libya strategy and will be wrong on Iraq as well. Bush signed the agreement for 12/31/11.
Writing and sex is a thing of beauty.
Not seeing the point of twitter....
good luck & in the Bake Off Today!!
you and me are on the same page #itssweatshirttime :)
Don't be silly. That's a totally different division!
Correction: Tomorrow will mark my return to , Kyle no feel good.
my girlfriend #sogood #frappuccinohappyhour was amazing!
Tried to.paint my room but now its time to sit and watch the
its sad that I can't even join ur twitcam :( its about 3 am here when you do twitcam :( <U+2665>
Today's Special: Prime Rib 12oz cut with salad & potato for $25. Come celebrate with the Best Prime Rib around.
Recent stalkers I'd like to thank EROCK
M wondering if I can get some pointers on this cornbeef I'm bout to prepare
RT: : Packers fans: will be signing autographs at Kohl's at from 4-6 today. Free!
Audience don't want to see actors troubles.
1 hour and 39 minutes until 's #FireAndIce comes out!! Come on, iTunes. Need an early push of those downloads...
Get naked and cover yourself with Crisco.
:O damn Lyzze
The only thing better than making money is fast money
Happy Valentines Day <3
aww! happy birthday!!
So I Got Selected For The N.A.E.P Test
yea so people i got and fb so if u wanna be mii friend go ahead i axsept any friend request
I woke up this morning and decided to change my life. Step by step. Whatever happens this week, I will find a route to my destination
Snow White and the Huntsman Character Posters with Charlize Theron and Kristen Stewart
Best morning! RT lolol, best morning tweet. [RT]: Did I oversleep...is it spring?
lol you do.
Did Bill Clinton change his name?
Can everyone stay home tonight? We bartenders are exhausted. :)
32% fee hike for grad school at UC? Glad I already completed my M.A., which netted me a salary hike of approximately 0%.
Katherine is a dancing rock star! Wow. Seems like a professional. Great choreography from Mark as always.
I already know who "won" but I have to watch the #Bachelor finale for myself. Train wreck...and I'm not just talking about Ben's hair.
go watch big daddy
. The #BuffettRule would make sure millionaires pay at least the same tax rate as middle-class families. Please pass it.
..."Sunshine", by Alexander O'Neil..when was the last time you played that. Takes me back to childhood.. The jam!
Baby-boomers NEVER run out of wine. LOL.
Ouch! That hurt.
Bittersweet day, super pumped about our new sponsors, but also stressin about finding a damn job!
RT <3 you too, badass!// can't wait to come home and see you very soon :)
everyone loves a smart dresser ;)
Awesome TV series...I work 4 the G...intel & LE background... Luv ur show...NCIS is wife & my favorite...happy 200th :-)
Officially old: yelled at a kid walking down the sidewalk pulling on my roses and grape vine along the fence. Damn kids.
Mrs. Hawbaker literally scares the shit out of me
I did not know Doodle Jump was a real game....
Fabulous morning. Locked myself out for the first time this semester grr
Definitely March Madness! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
SURE! Consider it done. Put up a headshot on the site!
L. Londell McMillan from speaking tonight.
Thanks! Me too!
Tonights dinner special...Lobster Ravioli & Cajun dusted tiger shrimp Grrrrrrrrrr, Its also #BOGO thursday (cocktails) here at
OLP/Ritter Academy launch 5 new eDiscov. online learning videos. Unique & easy way to learn.
I am faced with terrible problem: no Greek yogurt or bagels in the house. May have to eat Honeycomb cereal. OMG!
Why does it feel like the AC is on this morning on BART?
P.S. You should have him on the podcast to defend his side of the story. I bet there's a sports analogy involved.
Some poor soul made a 39 on our chem II test
I want to see a home renovation show end with a destroyed house and the statement "I just ran out of time."
Up early hoping t get a new car today. Image just pray and be patient about. #Early tweet
Lay down to get back up.
sick game this weekend my man secondary looks totally different with you back keep doing what ur doing
So remember that NPR piece about Cellar Door Records we said was coming so long ago? Well it actually IS finally coming! Details soon!
keep tweeting to her she will get around to it it took forever for me to get a follow to lol
thanks michaela! Have a great day!!
If someone truly loves you, they won't make you feel like you need to constantly fight for their attention.
It takes team work for relationships one shoot the other rebound
I feel like that particular first line would be a stellar children's book opening. What an under-appreciated medium. :)
Well When Am I Gonna Come Home Because I Have To Get My Valentines Stuff
I'm coming home to Hells Kitchen this weekend. Been away 2 long weeks!
Congrats to Coach Jim Crutchfield and the West Liberty U men's basketball team on its NUMBER 1 national ranking in NCAA Div II. Go Toppers!
: "if you violate we have to demonstrate".... violated so I had to demonstrate.
Taking two melatonin was a bad idea.
loving every minute of 's new album. you rock, wally!
you got this!!
am?! That's the only time offered?
yes, at least in my area. It didn't look as mean as the ones south.
Congrats on 6 years!
My mom's being really nice to me today it's kinda weird.
Playing football next year.
America is a country which produces citizens who will cross the ocean to fight for democracy but won't cross the street to vote.
I would come but I'm in Ohio! I love your clothes and designs! I watched you on Hills and the City!
"what do you mean i can’t masturbate in the middle of mcdonald’s"
Still no service<U+E416>
Are you going to Whitney's life celebration with ?
S/O to my Real Homies......Ya'll know who you are....
I hate it when I say something funny, and then someone says it louder and gets all the credit.
There's a epidemic at journeys niggas fallin ill with that colonial fever that shit running rampant ain't no one safe lmao
Ancho Peppers Lonely Hearts Club Band
really regretting choosing #oomf over #oomf a couple months ago.
We think moms should run! more moms in office!
Watching librarians fight over cake and frozen ices. And they say is a bad representation of the profession?
I conversates I'm trying to....
Any info on QR Code in direct mail design? Preferred over PURLs? I would imagine if the back-end supported it.
Starting an independent hip hop record label
still having problems?? Not good at all.
Fogarasi: for Taize, life in the provisional = openness to change, welcoming visitors
Never have or will I be a bandwagon fan. When the Lakers leave the playoffs I stop watching. Iont got shit to root for. Always Laker Gang!
Congratulations to the #NBCC winners!
Unit Digitization Plans. Geek me. Let's do it!
Wondering...how do you ask a celebrity if they would mind you telling others that they purchased from you?
What do you prefer; Hootsuite, Ping.fm or Hellotxt? Why?
Fulfilling a lifetime dream this summer...teaching Pre-K - 1st Grade Vacation Bible School!!!
looking forward to seeing CD release at #ReidTemple on Wednesday!!!
...What do you call a Cubs player with a World Series ring? A thief.
I'll be basking in r&b and hip-hop paradise this summer. Working my research job. Few other obligations = need to step volunteer game up,too
one day you treat me like your best friend, the next day you treat me like shit. id rather not be friends at all if this is how its gonna be
I'm making you a fan page . (:
Nassau Co police at a Wantagh home on the 3500 blk of Princeton Dr. South in response to a report of a man with a shotgun outside the home.
#WhatHurtsTheMost losing your headphone
everyone loves him except HATERZ
but.. if you read it . Follow me PLEASE . so i can talk. it will mean alot. i just wanna talk FOREAL. tbc
3 million new jobs in 22 months? No clapping, Boehner? Well, at least he's wearing a blue tie. #postpartisanship?
Hey :D
you beat me! Cheers!
says "Make that 2 down and 1 to go."
Emotional Intelligence helps ldr respond rather than react RT : A leader leads by example, whether he wants to or not.
Good Luck
You're spending all that money on Kinkaid, aren't you learning anything?
: Every one follow
I pay no attention whatever to anybody's praise or blame. I simply follow my own feelings.
Finly out of bed!!!! Breakfast, church working out with my sis, n the possible arrival of her first god child, oh n followin my dreams
No on SOPA Mr. Representative.
Ya that Marvin Williams pick over Paul and Deron still looking good
Carl's Jr. is doing some interesting stuff. Phil & Amy Mickelson are remodeling (in La Jolla), new homes are at 60 starts for the week.
Facebook quarterly report shows the service now has 901 million accounts.
we married fuck it!
Voluptuous! Had a blast with my girls earlier. Truly the best thing I've ever done! I love them so much!
Feelin myself!!! At the moment!!
I was telling my friend that The Vow seems like The Notebook and she says.. I don't really read so idk. Wow I have smart friends.
tonight was full of madness. #nolies. my friends are absolutely amazing. #truth. now to sleep it all off. see you at 2pm tomorrow world! xx
Err forehead
I hate leaving
Dance the Night Away or Jump? Which is Van Halen's more superior party anthem?
Hoping all my statesmen stay safe and warm today in Mad-town. #wiunion Union or not we all stand together. On Wisconsin!!!
headed 2 gwinnett arena 2 direct playoff game! cmon atlanta support your hometown hockey team puck drop 7:05pm
Great recording session today with Chris Madsen at Studiomedia in Evanston. Coming soon: the return of the short jazz tune!
Tired got homework to do but i'm not even gonna brother with it.
Aww it's nice! No fair you have palm trees!! are you at work right now?
the phone e works both ways..... u know
": Just when I thought you were different you go and prove me wrong."
: re: Precious' mom -- And the Na'vi could use her help in the war w/ the evil corporation. Oh wait, she'd probably be PRO evil!
Religion is the fucking stupidest thing ever.
Thank you MM 0, we love coming back!
Simple Misunderstanding Horse
In the New Mexico legislature, they do an annual House vs. Senate basketball match.
That happens as they sit in the bottles longer. It changes.
(Sorry...Avengers!) Pirates fall to the Reds 5-0
This sucks my parents are using my dads pay check to go to the movies and sending me to my aunts! I NEVER GO TO THE MOVIES!
Uh oh...what happened??
Study break! Wine and Japanese with
u finally got a twitter
Just got my GT-R! Awesome! I'll post some pics soon
Never trust a big butt and a smile.
I try
Ultimately, the most important/difficult question a paper has to answer is: So, what?!
Damn, lunch fucked me up. Fuck you In-n-out.
Share the delicious boozy love! Recommend all your FB friends to like Lush Confections!
Anyone have any good interactive ways to do grammar notes?
guess who is in my Spanish class right now!!!
#FindSomeoneWho dosen't play games and is always talkitive and smells like flowers.
of you've ever waited tables you generally always leave 20% waiting tables is hard work.
“:Who is this random person sitting in my seat...she's not even in the class! #shedoesntevengohere”haha me&Gilbert r cracking up
^I like that one(;
ima be hittin up some of my followers with individual tweets for some ideas for musical productions... so be ready
we all know that you and him are secretly married with 9 kids:)
My stomach is being an embarrassment to me right now. I'd appreciate it if it could growl a little quieter.
don't be afraid of putting the team on ur back. Step up when it's needed. Passing to ur center to shoot ft's? Awful.
Dating Tips For Guys - Keep Your Date Interested
Thank you friend! RT: congrats on cover. You look great!
Okay I see how it is
I CAN'T WAIT! #YEE :D
Is there an RSVP list for tonight?
We hope everyone had a fabulous holiday weekend! Fill in the blank: My favorite Easter candy is _________.
Happy mothers day to all of the beautiful, hardworking super moms we know and love!
Online info session TOMORROW (6/29)! We will be talking about all of our MSLS degree options. RSVP to to be sent the link.
alright bro
Make me proud, Z-Bo.
Can't sleep, so decided to watch "Eternal Sunshine...". I wanted the closeness (it was filmed in the bldg behind me apt) and forgetfulness.
Ameera is cataloging her art -- 3 parties lined up for one piece -- may be an auction in the making -- stay tuned
Misspelling of "definitely" as "definately" RT #mbchats What's your grammar pet peeve?
lol shut up ..! U smacked!
we're hard it was not so much.... M?
DOIN THIS THING AT DCU CENTER!
the files all had titles and were in a specific folder. Now there is no record of them anywhere.
How long are you out for Mats? Hope you get back soon from another Norwegian-Italian (NYC/Halden/Sortland) Rangers need you!
Tonight at 10 PM, Leila Walsh at WOAI spotlights Carenet Healthcare Services. we are hiring Registered Nurses. www.callcarenet.com
it's beautiful day for the outdoors! Come to our community garden space this afternoon for children's books, games, and music.
Come by Hermosa Beach pier and cool off with your hydration specialists with an ice cold ZICO!!!
I get a lump in my throat when you're around
in the words of God is great, beer is good, and PEOPLE ARE CRAZY! lol xo
It's National Workforce Appreciation Week -- Thank an Associate or a Consultant!
The I hate her turned to be I ATE her
My entire right leg is asleep! Not fun... lol.
wait huh did what thing
My phone's aboutta die and I'm in Miami, charger less :(((
RT : RT : It is better to look ahead and prepare than to look back and regret. -Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Good to hear. If we can get through New Year's Eve and St. Paddy's Day without major incidents at the Harbor, I'll be happy.
Faith is believing in something you can't see - esther see
#letsgoredwings Wings lead 1-0 in the 1st. Now I'm going to to be switching between this game and the Sugar Bowl. Thank God for my Android!
definitely look up her special on Netflix
About to battle HR at H-D to see if Art Milwaukee can be one of their suppliers.
I guess I'm the stupid one when it comes to Cam Newton. Figured this kid would fade - guess I was wrong.
I adore shopping for new kitchen knives. Elegantly shaped, new and bright, honed for efficient chopping, slicing, and dicing.
Trial by fire
#PreachIt! Our bodies are fine the way they are.
- He will. Stay hungry and humble. Remember, he is the one in control. Follow him and don't let anyone outwork you.
So what I'm getting from all of this, a bitch wanna hate on bc she got her shit together and the girl is a crackehead?
"oh please, I'm sure jesus was bisexual"--Schylinski
I am ready for the big game. I have a busy day tomorrow in Dallas networking business moves are my mission
GOOD MORROW ALL.. THANK YOU ADY JILL FOR THE THANKFUL THURSDAY MENTION
my compassion again I know the feeling very well it is shit
you forgot Bachman!
Oh my god. I actually thought of you whenever one of their songs came on.
dont forget to checkout my new show on Sat 9pm FULL HOUR OF CLUB MUSIC
Have I ever said how much I loooovvvveeee milk duds?!? Well I do! :)
Happy #TravelTuesday! Today we are headed to for Texas Tourism Unity Dinner!
I've a got a feeling... That I can't explain or quite understand at the moment lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
i wanna sex up Mars... his voice turns me on!!!
I'm surprised that Myspace is still around, considering facebook and twitter have kinda tooken over the social network era...
The worlds gonna end soon.
Summer's coming! Sign up during the NMX MEMBERSHIP DRIVE! Get your membership today!
they don't call it conte coffin for nothing
Shoutout to for giving me a good laugh tonight. Love you girl!
Need a 4-sided coin to flip before Nov. 6th. Do any of you have one?
I'd love to lend a helping hand!
Super lame NHL Trade Deadline Day. Boring. Boring. Boring.
Watching pretty little liars
Computer - Water Damage Pone - Theiving Damage Me - DAMAGED. :(
Congrats to Maggie on becoming an member of the LabyrinthTheatreCompany! Amazing news for the entire NYC Theatre community!
RT #NeverShouldYouEver Walk Around Naked After A Shower Living In Your Parents House Blasting Music #BeenThereDoneThat ...
I am too. I feel bad.
WALK for Community Empowerment! Create a team, get sponsors, volunteer for the event! Join us Oct. 29, 2011 @ Branchbrook Park!
That class sounds really cool! I'm sure you will have a lot of great discussions. I haven't seen that film, but I will now!
If Syracuse loses, my bracket will be messed up. But it would also be kind of awesome to see a 16 seed beat a 1 seed for the 1st time. Torn.
haha no it doesn't it only sucks when you have to study!
Cheer leading isn't a sport.
Up all night w/ sick child. Will 90 min. vinyasa yoga class make me feel better or worse?
I don't want Sunday to end
Why does Josh Assner have a show?
Hi everyone! Glad you liked the show. Enjoy the rest of your weekend.
holy guacamole!! did he look dreamy as ever??
Indeed...maybe stilettos?
Eat em up eat em yum yum...Break.. Woohah....
You can't keep running in and out of my life
Just killing it at vollyball, bout to kill some battlefield3
no not at all. look forward to saturdays
Finally got my six flags season pass!! But I don't like my pic.
LOL! Come to LA, already!
not true. #Mimi's= gross.
follow back please?
Hey DJs: Do you have spare time this weekend? Write a review for our concert/album review blog!!
Portland Timbers or LA Galaxy?
RT : Whenever you correct someone's grammar just remember that nobody likes you.
I wanna see the dictator at mid night who's down
Baxter Presents Efficacy and Safety Data Evaluating GAMMAGARD LIQUID for Multifocal Motor Neuropathy at AAN Annual ...
Yes!! RT : Anyone else wishing there were some snow on the ground in Milwaukee? #whereisthesnow?
watching Precious Life, too. Love HBO docs
Eating dem waffles lol.
too far? lol.. have a wonderful Tuesday Kyle! See you soon!
Lol. Ok. I guess.
Let's go Dufner time to grab victory!!
ahh, fair enough. although ties do make sweet headbands sometime ;/
Bump, Grossmsn, Creem. Happy times. Now on to the general with some mo.
it's not for everyone, to each their own. use what suits you best :)
Kristen Wiig just accurately portrayed my anxiety of talking on the phone...
good night
I have 1 about ready; just definitely not 1 of the topics I find as fascinating compared to indigenous ID, state, gender, etc
See..I've done mine so I can get some shut eyes rite now! I have class 2morrow morning! If u need something else, just text me :)
Oh! I thought I missed your IU visit because of my own packed schedule. Now there is a chance!
well god luck girl!!!
Aw. Thanks, best friend! And you're the sexiest Russian I know in the whole wide fat world!!! :D #ILOVEYOUTODEATH!! <333
I wish I had that kind of day planned! asked me my favorite spot in #firestonedistrict. I just can't pick one!
Thanks for following!!!
Omgeeee! Who showing the fight tonight? I need to find somewhere to watch it @
We missed High Point too. So much so that we'll be back for April's market. Look forward to seeing you!
Hm. I'll have to let handle that question. Don't want to be a Liar McLiarton and tell you wrong.
cutie gm
Outstanding Administrator of the Year -- Kim Larkin.
you just sent me a direct message sir tried to texted you but it did not go through
Miami Dolphins use later draft rounds to bolster West Coast offense
Have 2 extra tix to see Bob Schneider at The Birchmere Weds night. $35 each. Holla if interested.
Thank you for following me... :)
I changed my tire on the side of the road on Hwy 5. Kinda made me feel like superwoman :)
Yep RT PR Tip: It's better 2 target a #PR pitch to 10 journos / bloggers who care, than send gen'l 1 to 100 who won't
ha yeah!
Sentence of the Day: "The variety of jobs that the committee tackled was open ended."
I wonder if it's because it's so pudding like, it doesn't come across as a "health food".
#Bloomsday celebrants: follow today! His Ulysses tweets will make your day.
Happiness must be cultivated. It is not a thing to be safely let alone for a moment, or it will run to weeds. - Elizabeth Phelps
After being fairly injury free last year, this year the #Brewers are paying for it. Or maybe it is bad Ryan Braun karma.
didnt hit me back when I ask about the green beer!
Bump, bump, bump, bump, Oh. I'm a hustler baby, Bump, bump, bump, bump Oh -- was that you that just drove by?
Anything worth doing is worth doing twice
lmfao why that's rude
make this girl happy<3 I really love u a lot:) you're so sweet and beautiful! Pls follow -> ! Love u a lot prince:]
tumblr is over capacity?! guess i have to do homework now :|
#CLIPPERS 33 #Grizzlies 29 Let's close the half out SMART! #GoCLIPPERS 2:37 to go in half.
Money From Strangers cracks me up. Lolololol. I would so do that stuff.
does it taste like one too?
Betrail hurts, expecially when it's somone you trust. It just shows that you can only trust yourself.
I'm still alive too. And in NYC this weekend. Let's get a drink.
I keep seeing guys wearing these furry tail things. Can someone pls explain? Thanks.
Wed Salad: Baby Iceberg Wedge w/ Chopped Hard Boiled Egg, Apple Smoked Bacon, Shaved Green Onions & Crumbled Maytag Blue Cheese Dressing
Can't wait to try Lakefront Brewery's Fixed Gear at Milwaukee Brewfest!
nope. It's outdoor seating, with either to-go or sit-down and server options It's at the Museum of Art
Get ready to vote for on #DWTS! Great job! 10 from Len?
How many orange tic tacs can I eat in one sitting?louisv
wait, what. No more Blogger or Flickr for you two?!
like Bing Crosby with the nose bashed in? Had that when I was younger too..
Great Read! !
thanks 4 the followback! if you need sharpening or new scissors call text or tweet! new webstore will b up soon! have a great day!
#YoungProfessionalsOfAlbuquerque hearing #SallyAdams discuss the journey of life- successes & not so much
lmao shut up nathan!
i have only One wish.......i would be the happiest girl on earth if RT me ^_^<U+2665><U+2665>'
Thanks Ms. Schwab!
win or lose I'll still love you more than anything! #SWAG hope to see you guys in person :D god bless take care n good luck
Gotta say, I'm pretty impressed. Nice work. You even beat out Elway!
RT- Listen, we had to trade Gio and Cahill to pay for FanFest! What do you people want?! #Athletics - Ahh so that explins it
CANON photographers - what do you like about your 7D? What do you like about your 5D Mark II? Need your help, upgrading soon . Thanks
omg I'm such a bitch I just want
viva Mexico! yep yep! ;]
Yo could u skype me cause I need some help with the ipod4
I have met the new group of co-workers. Lets just say this is going to be an interesting summer
75 degrees in Dallas right now. 1 degree in Milwaukee. Why am I flying back?
Just saw one of those for the first time last week. They're darling. I want a giant schnoodle. I think that would be awesome.
Found a mozzarella stick in my rental car glove compartment and ate it, no hesitation. That's gangster. Would a blood or crip do that? NOPE.
THANK YOU WHORE!
Assembly this morning... !!
it was habit for my wheat but after realizing what i had done.. i was pleased with it.. RT : Tank 7 with a lemon?
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
I am so sick of hearing about the maverick!
Thanks for the mentions and RTs!
Sign of changing times: last night, a guy on the subway was distributing the Occupied Wall Street Journal.
Just as the bytes is back with posting, she's back on twitter. I know you're all excited. Or, maybe it's just me? www.allanabytes.com
Great thing about a puppy? Don't need an alarm clock.
Busy weekend.<3
Take advantage of opportunity to share your choice: #CouncilDistrictsMaps Town Hall 6:30pm, Gesu Catholic School, Livernois & MicNichols
hey G... I'm about to unfollow your ass if you don't step it up.
I briefly forgot there was already a word for anagrams. And before I remembered, I coined them a new word; switcheroonyms.
I'm about to lock myself in this creative dungeon...but not until I get some snacks!
Then on about dabbing around to find a damp spot :L that woman was Ledge! #FriendsForLife <3 <3
follow back? (:
Shop to support the arts! If you're in the Mukwonago area this Saturday or Sunday, stop by 121 Lincoln!! Proceeds go to Pink Banana Theatre.
Hey I'm Reagan's cousin...follow me?
I'm gonna miss you. Come visit us in San Antonio every once in a while??
Putting that pressure on
Ryan Braun shows how PEDs can help a batter - 3 HRs and a triple last night. Don't be naive enough to think he didn't actually take em.
For real?! They must have added towers! I havent been here in a year!
#2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>5
Looks like I'm going to the Rattlers game on Saturday.
At least u looked good when u fell in your new coat : )
is being forced to study lolz
Thanks for the help!
I love 30 rock.
#loyaltopotterbecause twilight sucks.
you totally would
What should you give a man who has everything? A mute nymphomanic 18 year old girlfriend.
DM We are putting together a National Edu Consortium & would like to explore adding Twitter. If interested please DM contact.
Had errands to run this morning, now it's back to WORK! Art auction going up today, plus it's time to blog! :) Stay tuned! :)
G Marcus Khuk G Midltaun D Millington C of F Note Data of gipsografiya USGS of standard size are accessible :-)
Everyone had a blast at the family Holiday party on Saturday. Over 800 guests! Thanks to volunteers and Kohl's for donating gifts!
I agree...tuff because he hasn't been healthy all year and now this
Or rather #Bluetooth pairing that is initiated with an #NFC bump.
Link's not working, can you post a new one? Thanks!!!
#museweb This is a test of the emergency Tweet system. I'm pretty sure there's no one at my museum tweeting.
Getting a piercing!
. is the best.
Finally Taio Cruz is on stage! Thanks to everybody that came out to KISSmas Bash part 1, see ya for Bruno Mars!
I'm obsessed with these #GCF pictures that are posting! -Madi-
"omg if my juicy sweatshirt is not in bag ill have a bf!"
Key word about Bullying Prevention? CONNECT..Bring awareness to communities &
I should just say fuck it to healthy knees and get a bitchin' cane.
Brewer game for Lindseys birthday and to celebrate the life of the Macho Man Randy Savage.
Make lemonade.
I feel like Timmy's one more bad route or missed pop up from Vito-ing Pagan and Theriot.
i am a party, your party ain't a party til' i get there [;
Should've wore shorts
hi. 2 big thumbs up 4 yr playing lessons on you're the man...
yes! Thank you so much!
I could sit and watch Law and Order all day...
Throwing in the towel.
: if you don't want workers laid off then you need to do meaningful pension reform.
We just disagree on the solutions. To you Prop D was a solution, to me and a huge majority of voters it was gas on the fire.
RT : "Stop signs are more of a suggestion, really..." Oh, Dad.
LOVE C. Kirio's multiple-content area gmo project, complete with research, authentic audience/mentoring, and cool creative animation
Thank you for the shout out!
Obama's the best thing happened to the Presidency in QUITE a while,, got us out of 2 wars, steadied the ship of state, was maligned out-of-
If i stop by and say, What should i say? Are you drunk tweeting? Somebody take his iPhone away.
Hey Mister. Welcome to Twitter :) I love you!
listenin to music ..ready to go home .. wat u upp too??
Flooding throughout Sacramento. Discovery Park under water. More flooding expected throughout weekend. Be safe.
Last day to get your fashion on at the Dallas Market!
p.s. please live tweet if u have it in ya. i wanna know what's said.
My crush is here *-* ! LOL ! Sorry ahahaha.
Just tired to put an NZ .50 piece in the dryer. Mistook the Queen for George Washington!
is becoming mike more and more everyday
I tried to fuck your mom in the ass, I tried to fuck your dad in the ass, could only find the dog - & its ass..
Hmm usually just email.
Love you too Mica! :)
Glad I left early today. Long bus detour. : It's a fire on Wisconsin Ave and Q St NW, not an accident. Still, avoid the area!
Please follow back.
love u u u u so much
WHAT. THE. FUCK.
man i use2 b thirsty 4 those
I saw the message you sent to me & for some reason cant find it now but I agree.
rt if you are going to the WEE event!!!!
#nce11ravitch: a good general doesn't fire on his own troops
...She that paints her face, thinks of her tail. Ben Franklin. :)
Subtweets are always going to be stupid to me. Just fight and get it over with...
“When I have a little money, I buy books; and if I have any left, I buy food and clothes.” <U+2015> Desiderius Erasmus Roterodamus
forgot there were proms nshit goin on today till I seen one downtown lol have fun yall.
you love me
love you too, babe.
30 short of 2000 monthly, big push everyone let's get 24k annually rolling to these causes!
alright i will! Is anyone i know going haha
o whats up
hahah i was just listenin to hellcat spangled shalalala and now its still ill by the smiths
Ya but you saw the 7-day right? Here I'll post it...
Done with last minute arrangements 4 the event 2morrow! Wish us luck! Again: Passions by K will be at Mia at Biscayne tomorrow from 11am-6pm
Social media conversations are making us sad to miss out on #aam2012 Lots of great ideas seem to be flowing out of Minnepolis.
dang im so tired!
get your cocky ass outta here
At the social service office, i hate this place...
if youre hot
#Bulls had this game smh
...well, poor living conditions are tied to increase hypertension & diabetes, and black women in LA have poor living conditions.
any idea of the attendance?
Can't wait to try your food out tomorrow !
Tis true He literally "Drifted Away"; bad pun I know, but I kind of like that he passed away in his sleep on Tuesday.
Soft Drinks: No. 1 Enemy In Obesity Fight?
Them good morning text
This weekend marks 6 years living in #PHX. Sometimes the boldest decisions you make are the best ones.
Happy Halloween!!! Off to costume-ize meself...
great goal!
#SKYHAWKNATION welcome to the family! His loyalty speaks volumes! Thank you to him.
Natalie Portman in Your Highness is too fine
Beez in the Trap
"Oh, He has hard balls, lets go find 'em!" Lol . >.< That shit cray. :P
My tenth and final confession of the evening.... I love you all. except for you. You gotta go. Yeah thats right, im talking to YOU! ;) <3
Yay Parks & Rec! Patricia Clarkson's my favorite actress!!!
Protect your servers people! Some rootkits going around :|
luckily this semester my friends have most of the books I need.
You can't get a taste for your potential and what you are really made of if you never push yourself past your limits.
No worries :) Have fun!
When you're late to somewhere and you make the wrong turn leading you to god knows where ... Cus I'm getting there early!
Want your music reviewed...hit me up!
send an @ message or a DM to this account to find out how to participate in our next exhibition: Network (Temporary Permanent Collection)
Warm out today. Warm yesterday. Even warmer today.
U part snowman bro lol RT : Temp is now 18° and we got flurries. Im Still "chillin" outside!
i like his train of thought
Jason Stackhouse? He didn't even make it past Bon Temp High.
"The real tragedy is the tragedy of the man who never in his life braces himself for his one supreme effort.
Idk but we can go to watch party Monday night at least
ok, I'll bite: why do you hate the new MUSE?
Lightning Bolt!!!!!
#idol - Hollie nailed it! Better than the original even.
I am going to actually do something with my eyebrows! But where do I even begin??! I need some GOOD ADVICE!
People - the answer to a broken heart is NOT another mate. It's Jesus. Trust me. I know.
Congressman McEwen: 65 million evangelicals only half are registered to vote & only half of those actually vote.
Ready to get in honey creek for apes! Haha mcadams is rockin the waterproof shoes
Just tried to watch "Streets of Blood" with Val Kilmer, Sharon Stone and 50 Cent...horrible. Just horrible.
I'm making zee most delicioso latte, weech will be vunderbar with BACON and cinnamon muffin (mixed up faux accents).
WTF!!! Why isn't under my christmas tree O_o so mad lmao
Thanks. Max fought cancer for 6 yrs. Great to see old friends, bad occasion. About 500 people at funeral. He was well loved.
Many of our school programs are targeted. How does AVID or TAG programming serve the entire body? Are you against those?
Playing loud music when you're home alone 1. Cause you can 2. So you don't hear "those noises"
Guess ill listen to some brezzy only one that i love
Most of the shadows of life are caused by standing in our own sunshine. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
In need of 2 professional hiphop dancers for an upcoming competition...? Anyone have a connect?
When I was in 4th grade our Florida history books never mentioned indigenous populations. So happy to see the change!
Where are you taking your Mom this Mother's Day?
See you there! Good topic and confusing to many. Hope lots of women join us:)
A few days ago, I asked the 9 year-old boy volunteer why he likes Vegas, he answered, "Because you can find those cards on the street."
I just tried that last weekend… we are now in the future.
she's my second choice... especially after those Fur Boots she created ! :-)
Thank you for following!
i just dont want them to run and hide when they see us coming !
i question why i still care
Back in business!! Come on Happy Hour!!
thanks for the follow!!!
thanks for checking out the etsy thread about the #kindness event (: Hope to see ya around then!
Good luck! Let us know if you have any questions
To think too long about doing a thing often becomes its undoing. ~Eva Young
Nope. I'm too sad to curse
Cicero~ Our span of life is brief but is long enough for us to live well and honestly.
defense cost them this game
lol that shit is bad for your eyes man. Been staring at one all my life. Can't leave the house without sunglasses.
HAPPY HOUR TIL 7! We've got the NFL package on Sundays with Happy hour deals starting at 1pm! $3 select drafts, $3 house wines, $3 rails
So excited to have a morning off and just sit by the pool!!!!
SUPERHERO Theme at the Hustler Club tomorrow and MILF Contest !!!Tell all the sexy Moms you know ;&#41; WIN $1000 in CASH Prizes !!!
Why is being tan better than being pale?
I got a ps3 4 my bday!!
that wuz a cute
Woke up early as fuck now I cant go back to sleep..
Singing in KEY sounds RIGHT! AUDITION for FCS. Call the office; see fairfaxchoralsociety.org.
Apparently adderall is lawyer crack.
Listen to me world ... I don't care what N Y does. Homosexual relationship are not right with God! Read your bibles. Prayin 4 out country.
meeting with the owner and creative director of a brand new local philly magazine later today!
Ha, that's awesome! That's usually how I describe Oberlin too. :)
How's everyone in this Milwaukee heat?
Ornette Coleman, "The Belgrade Concert," w/ Dewey Redman, Charlie Haden, and Ed Blackwell. Strong stuff.
Marty is retarded,
Happy Occupation Day! You are all amazing
Hey one thing the lakers can do well, turn over the ball!
You dont deserve me .
Not sure how I missed that there's another Fegan working in media, living in Brooklyn.
Getting ready to launch May's #DesignBizChat - all abt COLLABORATION!! Join us 2 discuss how it creates opportunities 4ur biz 10 amET today
You know you are having a crazy day when rebuilding a computer, and doing laundry while watching your 1 year one baby seems to be relaxing!
i am To Dm me yo number
What's the deal with my brain? Why am I so obviously insane? In a perfect situation, I led love down the drain.
need more followers please if u do i will try 2 follow back please please please
I'm now a consultant @ CSUB Small Business Development Center. Call 661-861-7951 if you're in Bakersfield & need some free business advice!
if I was being polite I would have said Roby was a stud.
Half to whole over night this is vicorty.
Have you checked out the music of yet? Some good listening going on.
I need a boo thang!!! Ready to be committed and have a faithful relationship
the act of being stumped – is an essential part of the creative process.
Great meeting at local casino, ac coin games to be placed there!
looks like fun! Will you use a head cams to record this ride?
A form of flattery
#LoveMyMomBecause she did and sacrificed for us. She was sick for a lot of my adult life. I miss her.
ooh, this is such fancy vocabulary! Me gustaaaa.
Books are simply compilations of blog posts published later (even if the author doesn't blog). Easy to confuse message & medium.
thanks for the guess! We'll be making an official announcement possibly tomorrow on the new restaurant!
cant wait to see Mission Impossible IV: ! is it December yet?
I&#39;m getting way too old for this ish
Great Taxi service in Baltimore. Yes it's possible. Lost items, comments. Follow me. MYTservice Improving taxi quality.
Is it weird that I literally get teary-eyed when I see photos of the Obama family? I want to be Michelle
Stay tuned....big news coming soon!
hey mama!!!! Where have you been?!?
trade up for tannehill? FUCK NO!! Trade down for him he's not worth the number 8 pick.
Happy Mothers day mama (:
you're probably right. #suckstosuck I guess.
All is well! We must catch up! I wonder if there are any lovely rentals nearby?
It's not about forgetting the past, but focusing on the future.
last night was fun!!!! Meow
Hey ! We'd love for you to try out our Love #Bread, different kinds do different things for your brain!
I can't believe it Kim. There must be a dead silence in the clubhouse. I still can't believe we may never see Mo pitch again
My biggest problem is that I want to fit in and not be average at the same time.
CNN: Bomb scare at Loma Linda Univ. Medical Center. Someone went into the ER, claiming to have an internal body bomb. Suspect in custody.
I hear that! I'm the same way. The question should be: what am I NOT working on? I always hv a few projects going on.
: S/O TO for being our #100 follower :D she keep it one hunnit ah! (;
ugh, whenever I actually want to sleep I can't fall asleep, but when I don't want to, I do. messed up. :p
Say "Bye Bye" to stomach cramps and crash from cawwwfayyy
Make sure you join us and for the 2012 NARI Remodeling Expo February 3-5, 2012 at Madison Marriott West
Witnesses from Stand for Children, CO Succeeds, CO Children's Campaign all supporting literacy bill.
Today, my post will focus on bad business decisions in
You could have listened in on NPR!
Writing a tutorial for the first time...
Just saw a Police Officer pass a guy pulled over (and blocking traffic) with car problems. Aren't cops supposed to help? I expect if u...
Harold in Pamona knows that God gives us what we need as we need it. That is a blessing.
u owe me two bc I followed Austin n kno this person
My brother is celebrating Feaster. The day after Easter... Feasting + Horror Movies... Can I come.. Or?
It's been tripping for the last week... They need to get Their stuff Straight!!! TreyArch SUCKS!!!
doing my hair in small fish tails kinda looks like dreads kinda legit
Good night!!
THIS SUNDAY: Butterscotch baby will be vending @ Art in the Gardens located at Boerner Botanical Gardens 9400 Boerner Drive Hales Corner, WI
yeah!! I know!! Lol everyone knew not to mess with you or their hair would be in a jack in a box bag in a heart beat <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Is it true that San Diego Councilmember Marti Emerald can run for TWO more terms since it's a new district # after re-districting?
Bell House. Cheryl. Brooklyn. Big Room Bigger Vibe. Text me for list.
Just made an omlet with eggs from our chickens... Amazing how much more yellow the yoke is.
Google gas hydrate. They are vast beds of frozen natural gas on the sea floor. What does that mean?
Funny. Their CEO has recently lost 70 lbs. He must not be eating in the park.
Working on my Spring article for Fort Mill Magazine today! Enjoying time to sit and relax on this beautiful day off!
haha! Ditto (same outfit - it was the first to grab cause I woke up late - that "Oh shit!" moment when you look at the clock)
"Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in."
THX Jana! "Praying U'll enjoy His peace, grace& joy today." +((hugs)) Very Needed!
hell naw that bitch is trash
Madmen is THE best show on earth. Period.
My class decided Zwingli was a hipster today.
No man will ever bring out of the Presidency the reputation which carries him into it ... Thomas Jefferson
#ThrillingMovieDialogues "as soon as u suck on these chineese nuts"
Tonight Cream Lounge in Scottsdale its gonna be Epic No Cover,Industry Priced Drinks&I got u with a Free Bottle b4 11pm hit me up 4803520903
It sho is chilly out there, but it is toaty up in the Moo Moo. Sissy is pourin a mean bloody Mary, git up and git down here and git you one
i rowed in high school and really enjoyed it. some people involved in it can be overly competitive and intense but clubs are nice.
#Notwriting - Wasting away again in a ville without margaritas. Don't even have a jigger of salt.
thank you all for your vote for -pass it on so they win!
you can trust me! better me than ANYONE else
omg. you, shut the hell up gorgeous person. <3
And hear just some of their many words left for us in the Hawaiian-Language Newspapers here!
Loving the website redesign
we live in a generation accustomed to having one parental figure. That's a no no.
My bus driver knows I get bullied on the bus but he does nothing!
you know you loved my wink <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
JR just did somethin too crazy!
To raise an oblique example: some scholars characterize the historical Buddha as atheistic, but IMO, that's extremely misleading
I wanna see do a joint show with Kermit and the gang
wait does this mean you cant play Gold Digger at my wedding?
can you get on ja rule RP album? We know you loyaled to him big fan please add a verse to one of the songs
Got some weekend fun ideas for you! Lex In The Cities in 10 mins
Sports stories are going to be big anytime nonsports fans are involved.
An extra $1,000 for college would mean a better life and a top notch education.
Idealism is what precedes experience; cynicism is what follows. David T. Wolf
Introduce you to the giants this is Fee Fi and Fo Fum, I may not have aim but how you gon dodge 4 guns?
thats really good to hear !
you started it with your noodles and rom coms m'dear. ;P
How do i get rid of spam tweets?
That's basically the fake fruit, right? I mean, it's like thanking the Easter bunny for black jelly beans.
I love seeing so many #Pacers related topics trending! #BeatTheHeat!
imu where you been ?
on dirt smh
hey guys follow , shes my older sister<3. she loves the ICONicBOyz also , shes really cool. lmaooo(:
Glad I brought a jacket cause this weather is windy
I'ma keep asking, keep knocking on doors, keep rattling cages until I get an answer.
Today is a beautiful day
Because you don't want to say goodbye! Did you have a good visit?
Can I get a follow bak(; ?
night thanks for not rubbing it in my face=] <3
Those 2nd string LB's are not exactly inspiring confidence.
Stop by booth 318 and register for our new PD website!
up and on like a lightswitch
QUESTION - Do you TIP a waiter/waitress if they are rude and nasty? Also, whats a good weight loss supplement?
Imitation is the best form of flattery! I love it when others try to be like The Sports Rabbi! But there is only one!
Stop gushing already, you're getting my shoes wet...
not since last year, as far as I know. I'm just revisiting their albums.
Oh also in bed on a Friday night at 11pm. I'm loosing my street cred
Watching my dvr of shabazz muhammad and nerlens noel decision . . Bazz acted odd. Guess he was super nervous
Not really a fan of twitter.
Help him out folks! RT 10 more followers and I reach 2600! Make it happen, friends! help a brother out.
Hello Everyone.
I'm woke now
yay!! Love #secondfiddle & all things #Nashville. Be sure to go to Roberts western world too!
been several months since I've been truly active on twitter, been producing a web series, we premiere in 10 days!
I beat it up up up up
shit they are NOT me lol
Heh, I know, right?! Weekends? What are those?
Watch City Treasurer Stephanie Neely on Perspective tomorrow at Noon
Going to Cleveland , scared for my life ,
I'm fine how r u
whoop whoop , college grad on these hoes lol
Haha good question RT : If is RGI, and Robert Griffin is WHERE in the WORLD is RGII?
That's right! You will be hooked on #survivor for life now
Asjamsjdowksmnsma that's how I feel
Goals make life exciting! What are your goals for 2012?
im done trying so hard, what ever happens happens
#SUPERNATURAL time <3 :>
In 1942,Wartime gasoline rationing went into effect in 17 Eastern states, limiting sales to three gallons a week for non-essential vehicles.
story of your life
We have a big mediation tomorrow!
I've been waiting...
Woo-hoo looks like we happened 2 be ur 1,000th follower! Congrats and Happy Friday! :)
Yes! Just ate a bagel! Let's see if it upsets my tummy or not :/
by the way.. in case some of you were wondering... September 17th is the day Cody is having his concert in san diego..
please step up your produce game no fun buying a box of strawberries and finding half of them are bad
3'S A CHARM HAIR STUDIO IS LOOKING A NAIL TECH SO IF ANYBODY KOWS ONE HAVE HER CALL 816-359-2253 THX
Happy New Year to you!
“Young Californian Is Plotting to Become Commander-in-Chief of Chinese Rebel Forces” - learn more at www.homerlea.org
where can I find make chips? That sounds great
3 pronged pitch: initial post, event itself, post event.
Fort myers sucks.
Posting signs for sister's lost dog. Have you seen him? Black cockapoo. White patch on chest. Last seen in Englewood, CO area on 9/30.
What the fuck foursquare!? Where's my gawdam badge?
pot guys?
How much worse can my day get
I wanna go swimming <3
haha I didn't even do anything there taking this way to far!
No fist pumping, middle fingers to sky..
Wow, the ending of the Celtics - Hawks game was ridiculous.
Heading to work. Today I'm a
hey its not my faul i left my gyn bag in my locker and and least i want to smell fresh!!
#5FreeSongs form where
lets all get along...We all want #OkcThunder to win a #Chip.#LetsGetIt!
I miss Portland sports radio. I haven't been able to find a good one here. I know that there is one but I just haven't found it
Gave Kev the post bar option of Father of the Bride 1 or 2 or Final destination. I'm forced to watch
#3WordsOfAdvice use a rubber.
You guys in NYC anytime soon, Gravy?
RT : Beer is the best pairing for cheese. It's carbonation releases lipids from tongue = palate cleanser
HARD WORK PAYS OFF
You got it. Thanks for having me on the show again, I had a great time!
I'D DO POLITE THINGS TO HER SO HARD!
jelly belly
Suiting up for the luncheon with #DePaul Fr Holtschneider & world's diplomats in Chicago.
Just had my last dance team dinner ever! So sad!
If you are in NYC this weekend, try to catch some DWF alum films - 'El Bolerito', 'Closing Doors', & 'Una Carrerita Doctor' - playing at...
Just walked out of our Web Design Meeting.. The new YAS site is going to be amazing.. stay tuned..
I have got to get out more often.
Getting an estimate for hail damage. Along with the rest of the world.
:D i love you more sexy chellupa
why would you make an account like this. Do you know what it's like not having a parent around? It's horrible. Your horrible
Please contact regarding your desire to volunteer. Thanks!
hahaha :D I have a case for you.
I first got my twitter may 10, 2009 ..
I'm 1 of your biggest fans on Earth! Met u in Chicago a few years back, those PRT albums are still classic! Salute!
Couldn't have said it better Most prob dont care, but I'm sure many can tell u about the latest Kardashian episode
Double trouble will get you just that
indeed Folk's! 1 Love! :)
Thought starter: Wouldn't a wood fire pizza hit the spot tonight? Swing by and grab dinner...or order take out 730-5030. Discuss...
I'm working on the Weight Loss Plateau Buster sales page. It's time to get the best weight loss plateau busting program to the world.
running out of time!!!
Lover of all beautiful bitches
yup over 40 hour work week last week.
“Dad, I’m hungry.” “Hi, Hungry. I’m DAD.” “Dad, I’m serious.” “I thought you were Hungry?” “Are you kidding me?” “No, I’m Dad.” Imy dad!
We will do anything for people we like and trust. Be trust worthy through consistency and steadfast character.
I liked Sarkozy tho. He had swag and had the hottest first lady ANY president in the world will ever have.
Omg I can't sleep after watching insidious...mad scared
if you guys find a ride im cumin w/ youu & ill ask my frann if she can give us one !
#FF #TeamOtenki Follow us and get the inside scoop on a personal level!
The 24 hour live show was amazing today thank you very much and for doing it, my week was made so much better <3
RT : I hope some rapper on twitter becomes fascinated with Downton Abbey. (I hope this rapper is )
Speaks truth homie! :)
being alone isnt anything new to me.
Saturday morn coffee
Today I did a total of 81 pushups thanks to the Hundred Pushups Android app. (Week 4, Day 3, Level 1)
Too Many Female Groupies!!!
ha ha okay man. Your super funny
La Planeta wines always very good. Nice to taste them here.
Today is the day AxeOff USA will debut @ the Hard Rock in New Orleans. The ONLY CURRENT GUITAR PLAYING CONTEST IN NEW ORLEANS. C U THERE!!
Nearly peed myself just now...had a little earthquake here!
Wishes u & #motherearth a wonderful
you can join in mocking my almost complete inability to draw & my ridiculous mental leaps
Apperantly all the seniors got they're tux at Tommy's.
Mode of the day! Harmonic Minor Scale from the 5th Degree is called a Mixolydian b9, b13. (aka Phrygian Major) Use over Dom 7. Very Spanish!
": congrats Awarded for tenacious effort. Die hard fans continue to #Believe. 7 Wins! 9 to go." >YES WE DO!
Oh wait, I'm an idiot. That's what your link was. LAWLS
oh ok and has he played yet?
"Midnight" should earn about $4.3 in the UK
Just send you some beats!
If the only prayer you said in your whole life was, "thank you," that would suffice. ~Meister Eckhart
Had a drunken 2:30am discussion with Lost's Matthew Fox last night at Tony's. Pretty hilarious talk. I love this city.
"I have offended God and mankind because my work didn't reach the quality it should have." - Leonardo da Vinci < Talk about perfectionism!
ahaha, true about many hot guys unfortunately. He can only open to blow. :)
Great game Lady Raiders!!!!
which microsoft framework?
#ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina How Stella Got Her Vagina Back
likes to spam the dash lol ;D
When boys sing "Boyfriend" >>>
If payback a bitch how u get even ?
Please Follow Me Back!!!!! Love Ya, My GRANDman <3
RT : Very excited about the and particularly about one of my all-time favorite characters:
The traffic in Austin is crazy. Traffic jam on campus. I will always remember this day. Up early just for the graduation. No time for food.
fuck yeah...there is a new app on our facebook page, you will be our first order. Will you be able to the wcv show?
211info.org is the ultimate Portland resource for finding comprehensive human and community services information.
How's everyone's Saturday night?
haha you're crazy bud. How the hell have you been?
Yeah it did die down a little this year.
“: S/o to for coming & visiting me while I sell shaved ice. #loveyou #bff #missyoualready” love & miss you too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
I had tweetdeck but swtiched back to plain ole twitter app. b/c when I travel I am just monitoring and little generation.
Glad Arizona beat the spread. More glad the Cavs beat Detroit.
Thanks for following us! How's everything going today?!
thanks for following Packrads. We have an International patent, let's do a beta down under?
Omw bac to vegas home sweet home
i got you under my skin!
News: Apple CEO Tim Cook says interest in iPhone app development has increased 100-fold in the last 27 minutes.
me either! (:
Say it to my face
#neverhappens RT : I'm just happy when the five people in my family have on the same shade.
The #SuperBowl people should be bitch slapped for having #Madonna perform
I'm not a fan of hers but I do love Drop Dead Gorgeous. Kirstie Alley is hilarious too.
Tonight! The IPA Good Times Jam Band! Come on out and have a listen! It's also WING NIGHT! 38 cent Wings 6-9 and Happy Hour Pints until 9!
what are you doing saturday???
Me And Mornings Are Not Friends...
right, it looks like it. But also there are two large bands that waste a lot of space. may be room for future ads?
It's starting . . . Come aboard.
People be killing me fuck my daddy or fuck my sperm donor like he help make you to if he neva did nothing wit yo mama you wouldn't be here
awesome!! Thanks
you are preaching to the choir my friend.. ImA get you a quality pair of earplugs
right past that sadness..is the brightest future..so dwell only for a moment sis...peace & love
Haha. Hoping he'd head out your way?
lol I miss you guy, so what did people do for there plays?
It's depressing how a Buffalo Wild Wings opening in Detroit is getting so much press, especially amid accusations of fixing sporting events
Spending today setting up for 's annual All-Staff event. It's going to be incredible.
i was kidding!! i still want to talk to you!!!
Is it weird that all he had to do to make me jump and smile was say "See ya nikki(:" ??
Underdog again!
ok. night
Done and done!
Let me affect you and infect you with my LOVING HEART. Then, let's spread it like a wildfire and blame it on God.
Lakers taking the L
Anyway, suggestions for not throwing my shoe at the screen welcomed.
oh daily Calvin & Hobbes what would i do without you.
I vote for "Say it Ain't Snowe"
ah people are you not listening to labor testimony? #ca coastal # lawsuits etc.
that's true!
Tweet at me, if you have anything you'd like to discuss
Can I still submit even if I am New York based?
Aruba June 30th and FL October 11th!!!
New plan...put off getting a job until the end of the summer and travel to all of the #MLB parks
I can't pull a single pav for #alpine #phish Livenation can suck it!
A planted thought sprouts a tree of curiousity.
the pastor is our father ami helped me alot! ;)
The usual! Hit me up one day bro, I miss you :D
Thanks for the visit!!!
Thanks for following us By the way, awesome teddy bears!
new video on youtube :)
We are going to!!!
pretending that bamboozle isn't happening/doesn't exist <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Starving at work!!! :(
If everybody loves you, something is wrong. You can't please everybody!
Signed up for updates. I will definitely check it out once you launch and add it to my post! Thanks for the heads up.
NF>>>>> follow back
3rd Winning Pick - #NFL Week 15.. 49ers/Eagles (41)..#Take_The_Over...Eagles are a scoring machine...49er D weak on the road...lotta points!
Just one time. Thats all I ask for
Wife is at a horse show. Please don't buy a horse. Please.
I like where this is going
Can't wait to see the new digs! RT : Loving the new office at the John Hancock! My guess for the mascot is
Breathe.Meditate.Rejuvenate at Meridian Yoga DC every Mondays and Saturdays.
There's not a star in heaven that we can't reach. <3
Man it's taking all I have inside me to not squeeze my phone in the palm of my hand until it shatters into shards.
no, i'll be in austin this weekend! i guess that's what i get for leaving
Want high profile work done on high profile projects?
nice vid brother seemd like your back at the heart... rock on brother call sometime dont be a stranger
I'm so socially awkward
Seriously can't get of the new album! #rocknroll Look it up!!
I'm just sayin...I think the Wolves would much rather face Dov than Markstrom...Grumet-Morris hasn't started since mid March.
YW! RT Thanks for the shout out !
I swear to god this shit gives me goosebumps no homo
Favorite part of my morning was my coworker screaming "OH MY GOD! THERE IS A PLANE RIDING ON TOP OF ANOTHER PLANE!"
nahy le umy go tomorrow lol ay stick ur head out ur window n tell me if u smell smoke
Can you private message us your student number so we can see what's going on?
Looks like your Ky. Cats are going to dodge a bullet in the 1st round. Loyola expected to get a 15 seed.
Thanks We worked hard last night! Glad you were there with me.
how about keep your mouth shut. you don't know crap about me. you won't regret it. you're lucky i don't know you personally, hun. <U+2665>
Frank Haddad Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Special shout out to my old hs team Miramonte for smashing Campolindo in Boys Varsity soccer 2-1, Mats4life..
TGIF! Have a great weekend! Freedom Ford is open all weekend so come on in and take advantage of our BIG tire sale! Up to $100 cash rebate!
She's not sure of what she wants... She just wants me to give it to her
When chicks ask who this when they know they got yo number saved in they phone .
Don't get it twisted I show #respect to everyone but if your going to #disrespect me then Like #MortalKombat Imma finish you!
WOW I look like shit today
congrats! That looks glorious. Only a sliced strawberry in the flute would make that better!
epic shades
Happy #SundayFunday! Come by #SundaysontheGreen (572 NW 23 st) for some cool vendors, live music, us! and so much more! Will be there 2-8pm!
Jason Born ;D
Sleeping > Reality # teamfollowback
6 MILLION LOVATICS! <3 I love you my angel.
your crazy if you miss the forest man all the family will be there. It's without a doubt gonna be #Epic! Three nights of camping..
Hooooooraaaaaay! Hello train! Love me some 8am sales meeting!
If a black person goes to work on time, has a sunny disposition, a smile on his face, and a great attitude, he'll probably be called fake.
#NP "Freaky" by ... The "My Darling Nicki" sample still bangs!!!
Tweet me :D boredd at school
Coldest and most miserable baseball games ever
networking lol what r u up to!?
You annoy me!
we're here
Someone make me pasta <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
nah, they'd call it "apples & apples" I bet, though.
their avatar isn't helpful either.
happy weekend to our fave followers what do u all do?we help the mentally disabled keep jobs/be independent
": “: Can anybody in 757 drive in the rain” <- yeah but I'm from 215 tho"..434 all day u been there! Ha
Mark your calendars! Juilliard Jazz Ensembles are performing the music of Horace Silver on Tuesday, Nov. 1 @ 8PM at Paul Hall
...Tallgrass - 2 unique firkins, Tyranena Brewery - Scurvy & next week; Furthermore Fatty Firkin Friday. Stay tuned for more details....
#4C11 learned a lot about peer review yesterday in focus group discussion w/ really creative teachers. Wish I was teaching Monday to try
the wallets wide open tonight
Titanic and Battleship Barbie were the best. Please send us one!
My dad is making me try saki at PF Changs.
but not to English..
blessed thank you and u?
Saw a guy last night swinging dumbbells like they were golf clubs.
No, but my other half does, which makes me a busy single mom for a week. Are you going?
Ugh some people are so fucking stupid it makes me sick
That was Miami/Boston Over was as EASY as it gets guys! We LOVE winning plays with 8 minutes to go in the game!
GM Tweety Pies. Getting the hair done before I hit the road with
Them niggas that be tryna cake all the damn time be the ones being hoes .
i pray for the something every night i wonde if god hears me he knows where my thoughts are i tell him i just wanna be happy again
The 8 yr old: Mom, how did Juliet know Romeo was her One? Me: Because he made her want to kill herself.
Idk she is being a butt face /:
Happy Monday! Hope you had a wonderful St. Patrick's weekend!!!
yes! Good memory and thank you!
Happy Birthday :-)
god is always by your side no matter what I will keep you in my prayers :)
Right back at you!
I love my name!
real recognize real brahh.
RT Be part of #AchieversTweet in @ successmagazine . Tweet your best sales tip.
“: Now leaving Sheboygan...alive!” phew!!!!
hey :) how are you?
I'm calling it right now -- 'wandering-kids' is this year's 'kids-falling-out-of-windows.' Mark my words.....
Yo , sorry I was le dead yesterday. My primer is almost complete... should I back-date to yesterday or just this morning?
Well, begs to differ. Some serious competition.
work, work, work
#quooores I WANNA BE IN UR TEAM :D
“: New Naish boards came in today! Come in and check them out! Skate night tonight!!!”
Advertise and network your business on MyBizXchange.com!
Bring on the
haha... Britains got talent... record that shit for me :)
I only go to work on days that don't end in a 'y'. ~ Robert Paul
This is true. And dumb. “: In Virginia, you are legally considered to be 21 years old on the day before your 21st birthday.”
Very Cool! And great to hear! Some amazing things happening in my life...NEVER give up on your dreams! Dream BIG friends!
We only bring each other tears and sorrow.</3
Greatly appreciate the RT on our upcoming Career Fair in
Already back at the hotel for the night...
hiding behind the couch so i dont have to get up and answer the door...
so....this is how you spend your days off?....whats next? Facebook?
For the record it wasn't me :(
too bad I got a zaba bowl which is better than your little ass burrito
Thomas Leonard Affirmation without discipline is the beginning of delusion. - Jim Rohn
Any word on Chris Bosh's return?
I'm so into Draw Something. Its hard in my iphone though. Wanna play?
yes with your mouth closed AT THE SAME DAM TIME
On a dark, desert highway.. Cool wind in my hair :)
Yes, after two years of incredible campaigns we are ramping up for the biggest springtime advocacy season ever.
I'm a little drunk on you and high on summertime :)
i love when u say that:p
RMFT! ": This day is for the REAL mothers, not the "I wanted to have sex and ended up with IT" mothers."
so she was half naked with tattoos and a snapback on?
If it doesn't involve you, don't get involved.
Motley Crue's Wild Side.
It was a great weekend for new followers! Hello everyone! :) , , , , !
Ha! Someone is just afraid you might decide to make dinner.
i am on the waitlist for tomorrow!!!!! can't wait to see you!!!!
That image doesn't answer that question, but I would like to know the answer.
Your worth all of me, your worth every falling tear, your worth facing any fear, your gonna know all my love ever if its not enough.
Lol yeah it's such a classic song
Everyone should check out and add the people . I met Jolie and Mike from the site over the weekend. Truly two awesome people
lol by stop I actually meant keep goin with the #YouWasSexyUntil tweets
Rangers' Girardi and Staal go on offensive The Rangers waited a long time for Marc Staal to return to the lineup this season, and they in
*bows* At your service.
Can you guys venture to the city tomorrow night????
RT : Join for a sustainable lifestyle event for women 5/21 & 5/22 at The Nines. Save $225 by mentioning MindShare:...
: why be reduced? RT followers why I'm so reduced? sucks..
Painting the railings brown. They are starting to look like big pieces of chocolate now.
Yea sun drop girl...shake that back.
Happy birthday you ugly as fuck nigga
NOW FOLLOWING
Moho Collective, Extended Family, Son of the Sun, & Last Note on The Shakedown tomorrow night at 8pm on 98.9 The Buzz!
Jack Black should be casted to play Ronnie Van Zant. He was born to play the role.
Going to Bosco's for mother's day brunch!
Interviewer- "Mike Brown, how are you slowing them down?" Brown- "I don't know" coaching the lakers, in a nutshell. lol.
Thanks for following back :D
why should Trayvon have to answers zimmermans questions he was being stalked by a person he didnt know that wasnt a cop
#HumanCentipede2 is easily the best movie of all time. I am feeling oddly to do some sort of art and crafts project today.
Free Edge/Pole Pad up to $299 Value PLUS $300 Off Signature Series GoalSetter Basketball- sale ends 2/24 in #Cincinnati or #Powell locations
funny I got a lush shipment in today too!!! Tis the season!
K. I'll start walking
whenever, I'm down. Have you used your new clubs?
RT listening to bro giving us nutrition and diet lesson <3 love you bro
Throw some milk on her. Lick it off. Hoe. Ha.
I told my oldest that Boston Celtic players kick puppies. And I feel no shame in that. At all.
am sure the spam is helping, but you know what? That's GOOD. Spread the word, spammers! Go,
Thinking about big plans....
At the Blue Bayou for lunch....fancy.
Want to learn about the latest in dentistry? Visit www.ada.org
Al is a great representative for the OAA!
Historic trends: Dupont Legal Model > Convergence > Offshore service centers > AFAs > ACC Value Challenge
JES! Thanks man.
no way in HELL drives or even comfortably fits in that hybrid...seats all the way back and his knees are to the roof!!
Williams Setzers Graphic Design Wins Disney Opus Award. (August 11) Eyes & Ears that the DWCF issue of E&E (published in July 2010) receiv…
YOU inspire me in SO MANY ways. You are a beacon and a star.
life goal: to touch one of the german boys hair.
Playing with Facebook's New Timeline... What do you guys think of it?
oh tell her i said hai :)
"A girl's legs are her best friends, but the best of friends must part."
achoo...what happened? Snif, snif. I was in perfect health yesterday & today I have (achoo) all the yucky sypmtoms of the common cold.
I'm excited to work with a trainer tomorrow. Nervous, too.
People make the world go round...
"She's hot!" Noo, she isn't a temperature.
wake up and smell the coffee!!!!
#NDSA heard at / NDSA partners mtg, digital preservation is a lifestyle
This hurt my head. RT : The HAL 9000 was named by subtracting 1 from the name of the IBM 10000
Thanks for the follow! We have a lot of exciting things coming up in the next few months. We'll keep you posted!
There are more things in Heaven and Earth ...
Idk why the only teacher trying to cram a shit load of work in is Keating when every other teacher is pretty much done for the year -_-
I hope you enjoyed! RT : I'm about to eat some subway. lOl i havent eaten Zaxby's in about two weeks thanks to :D
At least my grandma is here
FL AG Pam Bondi to use your tax dollars to ensure women have high cost of basic health care. Way to look after consumers Pam...
Sometimes I wish technology was absent from my life for at least a day
Going golfing and coming back with more balls than you started with >>>>>
Celebrating the Boston Globe - Horn Book Awards tonight at Simmons College!
why? Aren't you using my credit card? LOL
So, you liked it when I said you have luxurious hair, but we're offended when I said you have flowing pubes? Learn to take a compliment.
#IfWeAreInARelationship you need to know that I sleep in a vat of yogurt.
trying to figure this out!!!!
Even The Weather Channel is talking about Joe Paterno.
#Wine Fact: A Balthazar is an oversized wine bottle that holds 16 standard wine bottles.
I would like to send a shot out to the Madison Fire Dept. for all their work shuttling drunks off to detox.
When Lil yo come home we gone str8 ball out..until then I'm just sitting back
all good choices. Never been to NO or Montreal. Any would be fun!
I remember those days when Vampires were scary.
Getting ready to start a productive week #AUDITION #Acting and killer workouts!
I think you're going to have to come visit us instead...
i'm not carrying anything with me this time. which unfortunately means i won't have the new H&G at TCAF.
- I think it might be Erin go Bragh but you were close enough. :)
you should let me use the bugatti... That way I can make sure the oil changes are done on time
#Surrey wickets are falling faster than Andrew Lansley's public support.
Good morning errybody!
coming to cali soon? I admit that I miss youu xo c:
Just arrived to in Chantilly, VA
Don't like Wednesday.
but you love me ;)
I just sent Dan Duquette the same gift I give all new GMs. The gift of dance. <billionaire jazz hands!>
maybe i should wear purple today -- it will match the circles under my eyes.
<U+266C> 1996, Columbia Records drop Country Legend "Johnny Cash" from their roster of artists, he had been with the label 26 years <U+266C>
I am looking for individuals/businesses who want to make $100 for every business referral that signs up.more info
is the best place. I need to go back.
I support the idea of clones for both of you.
I hate taking the
“: Wow. The meatballs sandwich at is fantastic!” thanks! Jake's favorite.
Bringing high quality, short run, NYC style theatre to a local NJ venue yet again.
Morgans Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
good to meet you on here! I used to call myself the Worst Missionary Ever - now I know there's a Very Worst out there.
I'm with Mix947austin, still have room for Pandora Tuesday press?
was channeling during my final on music of Japan, China, Korea, and Okinawa for Andy Sutton just now.
why doesn't Matt Ryan go long to Roddy White? He is always throwing deep to Julio. Easy read for CB. DBs sit on Roddy's routes.
i know i know i promised yall -round here would drop this week,but i feel like i give yall this single first n then drop the bomb!
Miami's largest 2-day business conference for women is heading down to the Gables' Miracle Theater! Over 700 women – Miami's smartest,...
Great presentation on networking from ! Thanks
Yvonne Manipon, mixed media reuse teaching artist w/ , and , hosts tonight's ArtWalk...
OH at NBA Legends Brunch "Technology is exciting. And exhausting, trying to keep up!"
patiently waiting for Madison to DM me back...
Hello Daniel. The "Boys" appreciate the follow. We'll share news on product, making homes greener and safer.
Oh fuck naw. He fell off the roof again -___-
#NHL cancels Young Stars tournament and overseas games for next season. Not good at all. Preparing for a
We got football back! Now if we can get online poker back that would be a good end to a screwed up year.
nah he looks like a fuckin garden gnome
you probably wont it just happens....something is in the back if your mind and ut keeps bothering you
I need to get my truck washed!
not sure i agree. I say we do what we can to get businesses here.
I walked into band late today and got no detention=
: Hey! I had biscuits & gravy for dinner too...go figure..lol..sending u an update email shortly! Look for it plz!
There's only one I know of, actually - Matthew Luke Sandoval. I live in hope that one day there will be more to collect!
Just because your friends don't always talk to you, doesn't mean they hate you..
Great! RT : Excited to learn more about Would love to connect and chat Monday! :)
Thanks for the follow.
and back at ya
she did i didnt !! i pretty much stayed sober the whole night!! i dont like getting drunk so i dont
We are on our way home. I dont know why but it feels like I'm going home after being gone for a really long run.
What you know about them Texas Boyz?
will you guys be attending in May? We will be there checking out the show floor with
What are yyou studying with the Purple Cone flowers?
oh we're jealous...oh wait! We're in that list! Thank you so much!
Another food truck Friday at cathedral square. #brewernation show us your beastmode and get $1 off any order more than $5
I just can't understand the hate surrounding #marvinsroom and #trustissues #takecare might be the dopest album this fall
My mom texting<<
I KNOW! It's about time! So stoked for us and you. =)
I epitomize lame. RT : Lame excuse.
TTG TRAIN TO GO
morphCARD is up. A new, a better way to gift card. Exchange unwanted gift cards. Buy cards online. Keep cards organized.
Battle of Atlanta World Karate Championship XLIII is June 17-18 . Join Us? Vacation in one of the world's most exciting citie
Spent three hours last night trying to figure out how to make the NES Zelda theme my ringtone. Now if only someone would call...
come see her I'm at home
Where is the nicest Greek place in Seattle?
Having hot coco!(:
Sure do! Thursdays at 7 on ! RT : KCTS has a Check Please?! I used to love that show on WTTW.
He likes it!! "it's kinda like baby food but it's good"
Let's meditate together either here or in Joliet soon.
Had WAY too much food....Im going to go die now.
Happy to sponsor the TalkNYC social and mobile conference in the hub of global advertising
As soon as it gets time to count the cash drawers on a Thursday night my thirst reaches an unbearable level.
Listen up folks, follow my boys from and the next time you need autobody repair work, receive 10% off... Follow them now!!!
City Fire Academy EMS program suspended bc of cheating ... scary.
Happy New Year!
YES all my dreams ": Yes, George RR Martin will indeed be signing books after his talk at #ala12"
the security guard thought you guys were tourists? :P
Now that you're dead it's kinda
Does the weekend to start on Thursday or Friday? Regardless, TONIGHT is LADIES NIGHT at Whiskey Chicks! All ladies free beer from 10-11
Made Brownies from scratch for the first time! It worked!
Just had a three way conversation w/ over email, #facebook, and #twitter at the same time.
yeah haha Vegas does alright! Lol
I'm undaunted in my quest to amuse myself by constantly changing my hair. Hillary Clinton
HAPPY FIRST DAY OF SPRING!!! Finally I can take a swim!
Headed to Hotel Andaluz!
something is better than nothing.
Our #Haiti #earthquake one year report is now available online - www.medicalteams.org/haiti_report. Thank you, all, for your support!
Beautiful time to visit the wineries of Georgia and North Carolina. Cool and beautiful weather here.
Wow! Driver moves on.!
...nah it'd probably be both of you. fuckin' WHO WANKED IN THEIR BOXERS LAST NIGHT.
Hi, Noah! It's about people. With guns. And sniper rifles. It's a whole people/gun thing.
that's cute cj. Are ya shedding?
Is it just me or does Blake Griffin look like the love child of Bobby Flay and Frank Gore?
Watching someone you love , love someone else , is just pure agony.
#Mamasaid When it comes to my money my car my kids and my man STAND MY GROUND reguardless of what the situation is hmmp!
I will have to translate this one, will be interesting; thanks!
The is tentatively set to open at 3 pm this afternoon.
Mrs.Obama aka First Lady, I have twitted your husband about Black people need to STOP using the "N" word Ni**a/Ni**er. HELP
Why do people change their twitter names 93839292 times? Like wtf. There needs to be a limit.
Wow, wish him well for me!
Rickie Weeks did not have a good first swing. He forgot to hit the ball.
Buying Las Vegas Luxury #Home #Foreclosure at Auction
In class doing absolutely nothing -_-
Your the closest to heaven that ill ever be
Enjoyed this post. Hope you're following me as well. Kind wishes.
Check out Eminems new album Bad Meets Evil new 2011
SWEAR!!!That's Childish
my guess is 127
Lost All My 750 Of My Contacts In My Phone Send Me A Text With Your Name And Number. Please
With today's win, #Cavs only 4.5 games behind division leading #Bulls. Clearly *cough cough* there for the *cough* taking...
anytime, Captain Awesome!!! Sorry we missed you!!!
How is the Post's app? Haven't tried it. Website maddening enough already.
Women don't know what they want.. Men don't know what they have..
The way a LOT of women act NOW is from the actions of men..."so called" men
Garb of justice
8 free games for us next year!!!
It's embarrassing to accidentally un-mute Angry Birds while playing it in the men's room stall at work. Or so I'm told.
You're very special... Like a retarded kid.
Only in wrestling can "smart" and "internet crowd" be used in the same sentence without irony.
I wish I could backspace my mistakes, && delete unwanted memories.
The Basia Show is now following our friend Dwayne Bravo.
Touchdown!!!! GO POKES!
Be quick, but don't hurry
"Some of the bodies received heavy blows, caused by large implements (tree trunks?)" Tree trunks? Really? Were they attacked by giants?
Third night homeless third hotel tough life you'll find me trying out the bar stools in the lounge with a cocktail in my hand
Harvard Libraries major restructure. Very scary. Will def be following
- thanks for an awesome kegger and auction. Love the earrings I won!
The Mango team is busy gearing up for an exciting announcement on Wednesday. Can you guess what's coming up? Care for a few hints?
Don't you ever believe.
word is the hold up is Cal trying to work out a deal with Memphis for assistant Tony Barbee to be his replacement
Zuckerberg only wanted Instagram because he heard that the Winklevoss brothers bought Hipstamatic and he wanted the same thing but better.
good luck on that test brah
Savannah Guthrie is hilarious! She needs to get more segments!
What??? They gave up 4.33 goals per game in that series. D was Swiss cheese and Bryz couldn't stop a beach ball.
If AJ had made the trade---Nick Canepa would have classified the move as the best SD trade in twenty years.
Remember social awkwardness at 7th grade dances? Yeah it's a lot like that.
mother efffer why are we so broke. well we only need $20 between the 3 of us.. we can just bump dollars off randoms
DOWNLOAD #YOURGIRLDOESPARTY IN TWO HOURS NEW MIXTAPE HOT ASS GUESTS ON IT. Its free.
He is a poor son whose sonship does not make him desire to serve all men's mothers. ~Harry Emerson Fosdick
Do you have a favorite bear from a book? Baloo, Baby Bear. Corduroy, maybe Paddington Bear - which one do you remember?
This tweet is intentionally blank, except for this brief text message.
Yes it does
Best fast food salads...
or the newest drink at Jamba Juice
The biggest party downtown is @ Sky Lounge Night Club on 2nd. St. & Washington.Tonight 18 +, 4 Dj's playing the best Hip hop & top 40 music
MAY THE FOURTH BE WITH YOU.
sounds like a nice server :)
miss another day n ima cry bro swear.
Mimi (Miracle, our cat) said she might make one. :]
Crude Oil Prices Fall To Lowest Level In Months via
My girl takes 4ever
Now I"m thirsty...
I never eazy cause of that reason alone.....lol.
it is lovely having you back home, and having over to drink really bad wine. Washington should stick to Syrah!
Wahhhhh someone nurse me back to health...
The Top 20 Greatest San Francisco Musicians: The Complete List
dont be sad your Mahomies are here for you and when we see you sad it makes us sad so please cheer up baby <3
thanks for the follow.
“: I knw ain't sleep up cuz she on dat grave yard”>>> #Lerkin getting my paper<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
I still love that I met at #SXSW12. Haven't gotten up nerve to email him re campaign for in Nice Jewish Guys 2013.
Looking forward to working w/my new student assistant starting today & hopefully creating another #archives convert!
2 + years in Baltimore & the Wire cast member sighting has finally happened: Kima Greggs, Charles Village FedEx store. Swoon.
Yet again she tweeted symmetry, proportion, harmony, and regularity
You rang?
So, it's for "fun" but these Zynga players are actually spending a lot of money.
thank you.
I went up to krogers they talm bout they gone hire me and i aint hear shit im finna hop on dat white girl and start my own binez
MT : Clearly I can't make anyone watch #thesingoff, but if #ACappella, singing or good music is your thing check out NBC at 8pm!
So, what are u up to?asks the person in the adjacent toilet
I'm burning myself out... But I know if I push through this, I will find power within.
The only thing getting me through this day is the fact that I'm excused from 8th and 9th
Time to tweet!
Were I ever in the position to take them up on their escapes, I would, too! Have you ever been on one?
had cheese & meat. Simple but it looked good. Let's see what else we can find. The fruit is a must have.
On bridezilla..I would be the only nigga to go #HAM and call off
BaaHahaHaaa...these Smuts r hilarious
thank you sir!!!
“: Strongly missing and at the moment...” we miss you too!
Absolutely right. ABC showed class by not replaying wreck until McClure's condition was known.
Little kids, broo... these days!
Wishing I had some chocolate covered raisins left... Or any candy...
y'all need to find JESUS!! lls....whats gucci wit y'all pretty ladies!?!
Ordering a Soft Trap instrumental from Ellis
"Personally I'm always ready 2 learn, although I dont always like being taught." Ha! Had a blast on Sat. @ fawn tavern! Thanks all! Voodoo
#admitit your avatar is the best photo that you have-,-V
yeah but that's just the tip of the iceberg
is it a good look for anyone??? And no, the moms seem immune.
Headed out to see the avengers this afternoon....
Damn! We just heard that Porcelain Raft dropped off the White Denim show in Madison tonight.
Buns are without a doubt the best hairstyle known to women.
Looking for a Junior HR rep with 2-3yrs exp for CMG -email me at The job is also posted on linkedin
well, he's an OSU fan and he thinks his car is a wrecking tool. Haha.
this is my favorite golf course... actually love it
Jumping in DiRT3. The more previews I see for Showdown the more I am leaning towards not purchasing the game :( I want DiRT4!
what happened to Campbells hair? he look good ! Christian look soo hot!
ha. i was probably wrong.
#ConfessionNight I live in ATL!!! Peace up... A town down!!!
""Honestly I think he is going to have a bigger year than me this year."
I don't get why I put everyone before my self and end up feeling stupid
Just reread my last tweet. I said it was a DM. It should have been sent in an email. Thanks for your patience!
that i used my #apple magic trackpad to learn how to change its batteries makes sense. what doesn't? they lasted 1 month.
Alright. I've overclocked my gpu too much apparently. My PC is gonna go up in flames.
Thanks for following me LuckybatBooks!
RT : We were proud to be part of this amazing event!
Been thuggin all my life cant say i dont deserve to take a break .
WHOA!!!! // RT : ...Bobcats will interview Mike Dunlap, associate head coach at St. John's U
If followed me for my cousins bday gift (her bday was 2 days ago) SHE WILL BE THE HAPPIES GIRL EVER CAUSE SHE LOVES PEYTON A LOT
Prayers out to everyone now...God bless!
T Plush. T minus 10 minutes w
vat . I checked online that Im close to being overweight but your saying Im fat. Well thanks mom .: l
come out!
were u at bro
Thanks alot MillerCoors - the youngster now busting out with the 'Miller 64' sea chant at random moments
#niners better smash on the #giants bring the a-game fellas
Your the most annoying person in the world.
Happy Birthday John Butler you fool. You are greatly missed. Jesus Christ~
What a beautiful day!!!!
Developers: How do you use social media? How can we help you?
Facebook says you're 23 so...
That is one option.
Having a bad attitude will not get you the position you want to play.
Watchingg This Moviee Called "The Good Witch"(:
The format is a little wacky, but a good start!
Golfers are only able to make an eagle or an hole in one with the help of friendly otherworlders that love golf & those golfers.
Thanks for the follow, Janaya.
ME!!!! you know the one who LOVES "..." yeah who you said
Sleep is for people who only have one nervous system.
S/O to and his Clippers. Beat Spurs, Sincerely a Mavericks fan
Way to go RGIII!
don't lie
congratulations Michelle - what age group are you writing for?
I'm sorry but the Yotes are boring even if they get past Hawks don't see them besting Blues or Preds
are you home?
Ohmigosh - have you seen the tweet->tapestry at #SJMQT by ? It's so cool - tweet a color and the tapestry turns that color!
Q2 keep client focused on identified need and learning objective. This helps discard unnecessary bells and whistles
Students want to do something that could impress future employers, constantly updating their e-portfolios - Shelly McCoy
Boker tov to Day 2 of the Wexner Grad Fellows Orientation at pearlstone! Happy to be with
Great first #tp12. Really interesting to see all the different loglines, see what works, what doesn't. Kudos.
stupid is as stupid does
I can't make any promises..what time is the party?
Today was a good day!!
"LJ is a great American. Yes, indeedy!" John Short.
interesting indeed. not surprising, but definitely interesting! -esp re:privacy issues. like a digital Up Series? wow
and as much nutritional value as catsup... “: Good news, everybody! Pepper spray is a vegetable, too!”
You did not see that movie on a plane, you liars.
see you there!
is cooking Bulgarian banitsa...m
I thought I was the only one that didn't care for it. Omg. Finally, I'm not the only one.
I ignored the internets for a few days. Apparently Kirk Cameron is still alive.
My sun sesh was cut too short with :( Time to go pick up Bella & take her to her vet appointment.
let them have divisiveness. It's all they've got.
my dog is too high class for sugar cookies, she prefers cocaine ;)
12,000 lobbyists... 535 Members of Congress. One hundred serve in U.S. Senate, while 435 serve in the U.S. House of Representatives.
“: your avi >>> thanks for the follow :)” no thank you
Thanks for the follow...here's to sharing some great quotes!
WATCH ME GET THE LYRICS WRONG
Tyler the Creator punk'd The Wanted their first time in America??! Yeah, that'll make us look great. -__-
that is awesome!
no one jus made a status on fb look at it
About to watch armegeddon and get on shitcam Stickam lol, I really wish my phone had service
time to buy your sweet life ticket. get. on. it. otherwise i'm getting one for you.
I think I'm getting too old to wear heels.
LOL RT GOD THIS NON RETINA LAPTOP DISPLAY IS LIKE STARING AT A JUMBOTRON POINT BLANK
That's what I was paging about. thanks
Who is this idiot
Here we fucking go
Wtf is this?
Going to Walmart, then my bestfriends. Cause yolooooo.
Match Of The Year in my book
well, there are 162 games and we've only played 36 games. no problem with people being frustrated, but booing him at home?
I bet knows... RT : Any word yet when Justin Bieber's new single comes out?
“: Do I miss you? Yeah. Do I want you back? No.”
for sure, but knowing tht ur sad & shldnt b is better than being sad and feeling that u deserve it.
not too sure i am ok with king starting, would have liked nelson
Maybe this is sad but true
Great day to be in Miami. Marlins opening day and Heat have OKC in town. Wish I was there for these festivities
my wiener was in the right place at the right time :) I feel lucky!
Limited edition #wonk T-shirts will be available (free) from 2-4 on the #AmericanU quad today. 1 per WONK.
The Quiet.
Rihanna The Queen!!!!
I will be more stable with time during next session. Hope you guys had a great time. I will contact you for updates.Thanks
is so cute on right now. I think we are soulmates...
why does she tweet you but not her other fans
Running on pure adrenaline and high emotions now until tomorrow evening forsure. Can't wait to see my girls
I think we'll have a contest where we'll give away some Happy Black Friday Cakes - getting it setup now
not yet but soon! We will let you know when we can open the doors!
Anyone have any knowlege about the UIC PM HI Certificate On-Line Program? Opinions? Valuable?
Christmas commercials are the best-worst commercials a year. Amazingly bad. And hilarious.
Who are some must follow #ROC ers??
Why isn't biggie the picture on google today?
So true!!! That's why I always end up buying something ;)
Dear Mosquito, my blood is very valuable. Back off. Sincerely, Annoyed Human. P.S. I think I squished your cousin. I have 11 Bites!
Hulk steals the show in The ! So many awesome moments. Have to see it at least 3 times :)
I got pizza
Itz funny how people can get madd wen u stop hittin dem up.... Wtf u got my # too & my phone dont never ring but idgaf!!!
The greatest bromance of all time. <3
this morning. Omfg. It was so cute.
Fun Fact: the Cubs still owe Soriano almost $50 million
Go Clippers!
Enjoy FREE lunch for your VOTE on Facebook with Chase Community Giving! May 19th @ noon! 6160 Mission Gorge Road Ste 204 SD, CA 92120!
i HATED it's always sunny in philadelphia at first,,,now i love it! lmao!
I could really go for a dream cake tonight :-)
Need Wake Up . Im Lonely -_-
You're ALWAYS good enough to be in a band. Every musician is always learning, so just ask some friends to pick up music and play!
Happy Friday!
"Money can't buy love but it improves your bargaining position" -Laurence J Peter
Tell him he can't sleep on your couch if he does
#whosgonnalose - Oklahoma v Stanford - Stanford will lose
Awesome weather...check #Orioles game...check #Caps game....check #Beer... Check check check!!!
Happy Labor Day! Half Price Sushi, Wine & Beer from 4-6pm!
Live Music at Varsity Bar! Rebecca at Loebe at 9pm! Jace N Lee at 11:30. $2.50 Cold Shots and free parking at University Coop with cover.
Andrew reminded me yesterday that "SOPA" means 'shut up' in Greek... :)
haha yeah they kinda do
im really sorry i didnt get to u sooner but i just saw it now lol
your on the phone with staff but the waits was 21 people to get help???
Mucking our Twit feeds with all your affiliate wares is not what Twitter is for.... Please stop
Long day and grind ahead. Barely slept last night which sucks!!!! Just want to go back to bed
I have heard great things about warranty service. I love their instruments, hopefully their service even more.
BREAKING: Bishop Morlino accepts recommendation of Platteville pastor and parish councils to allow St. Mary’s school to close
"pop-out a complete disk chassis for simple offsite storage. This makes it very easy for transportation" re: X-Array Technology...
why dont we just text about this instead...
I wish people would read #ebay descriptions before buying and now complaining, ugh
Predict the Rockies Regular Season correctly & Win $200!! Email answers to . The winner must live in Colorado. There is…
Looking at American Dad and my son is fighting sleep hard lol
I almost said the same thing. But they can do a year-old model for $299 at decent margins to sustain ecosystem.
Excited to be at to kick off #museumsadvocacy day!
Gotta do chores which of course sucks assLMAO...tweet and follow later...listening to SKY SCRAPER by Demi Lovato...she's awesome..lol...
Um, I think the idea is that we are supposed to invent it ourselves! ;-)
pet peeve: strangers on twitter who just tweet me links. really? does anyone click on that spam?
I feel your pain. I'm working on a project for school as well and just started brewing my first pot of the night. Good luck!
#ifihadanickeleverytime I forgot something, I'd be super rich, but I'd probably forget where I put my nickels...-_-;;
If your team loses, don't take it out on players...ask for a hug... Will bring you reality & you'll feel better.
Awesome. Can we use these on the website?
Look up amada anderson on facebook for all the latest news on how to register etc.
Dejected Sharks fans speak now!!
Enjoying an afternoon off with coffee, Jack White, and local politics.
The word 'studying' was made up of two words originally - 'students dying"
We need your help!!! Please tell all your friends to go on Cantina Laredo OKC and like us!!! Thanks
Well curly/wavy
don't hit me up if you don't have intentions on finishing the conversation.
Where can I listen to the game on the radio in KC?
I know! I'm already obsessed :-) RT : this is very cool!
when I was 18 I started taking music more seriously...started touring at 19 and knew it's what I wanted to do! :)
I'll bring cheesecake! :-)
That will be my first stop, then, after I make my move up north!
shutting down for 5 minutes. don't call or come by
don't worry all the peanut butter stuff is still there.
- Finah gone call it a night...
Got a little Coldplay now. You feeling better?
was that just an incredible political typography joke you just made? If so, you really win twitter (and my heart) today.
Hum...possibly true, gulp. RT ": An #Aries Zodiac Problem: No one's as assertive as you."
Thus far they are not biting. But the day is young.
Putting some outfits together for shows this summer #rockinit. New Website coming soon!!!
Timothy Donnelly :: I see why moderation is a useful principle, at times, in life, of course, but in art, I just don’t get it.
Matthew 22: 36-40. You got one justifying inequality & hate?
i guess we're the only enlightened ones to have witnessed the movie magic of twelve
Gotta make the monies.
with my Family Supporting Cleveland Artist and Giving toys for less fortunate Kids
Another writing day? Why, I don't mind if I do. #semesterisfinallyover :-)
Not sure if I'm looking forward to my official commencement of my first full marathon training. A tad intimidated is an understatement.
Egan: Microsoft has all sorts of tricky ways to hide from you the fact that ppt isn't good for telling stories
thanks for the fucking concert in your home town 303 Denver.
I don't think i'll be sleeping tonight
Belief in oneself is one of the most important bricks in building any successful venture
Truth... One word that has a lot of meaning.
myy bad but yeah
I haven't said Bitch all day. Wth going on?
great meeting with leader , get ready! There's a good partnership here...
: Jst had cnversation w/Omniar abt their proposed AR soln. They said they're talking w/u next week. They have fresh ideas...
Flopping all over the place
I was in Costa Rica last month it was pretty awesome!
Got fog in my eyelashes running Westridge this morning. Now wired on Peet's.
It's the first night of basketball league. Good luck to all of our OSBLN members participating!
Jordan if you keep cutting your hair you're gonna have no hair left to style
Them-Knock knock.... Me-WTF...... Them- Sorry time to wake up...... Me-REALLY!!!!! I just got in @ 1am.. Them-Sorry. Me- To F$ing late I'm
yea It's crazy
you know I'm probably going to get some form of crazy mutation sitting next to this hotspot
Thank you so much for following me. You made my day <3
can't think of any other person who I can feel the same about after 5 years of disconnect who will always tug the heart strings. :)
and thank you for the mention too!
#RT for a goodnight mention
him and his music and can't wait to have kids so they can love him too! :-)
LookN for 1 Hell of a Storm!!
Big tings a gwan.
thanks for the shout out!
when im not supose to be.
Terrill Lee Panicked? Damn spell checker??
#thaiacupressure is one way to treat acute and chronic orthopedic disorders. Meet and choose from 60 Thai Acupressure routines.
hahahaha! You're cute :)
I love my mommy:)thanks mom for ever thing u do!! []RT
RT : Excited to kick-off Digital Marketing Strategies w/ at #pdxdms > Me too!
#ThankYouEdge for the great matches u gave us!!!
we are meeting in the u of i conference room... last day of class at the alehouse (they don't know that yet) ;)
and you'd swoop down low only to gain more air
RT I better get my goodnight txt
Happy Holidays from Duane your Seventy Sixes barber, As yo uh know we are growing and we added two morebarb
Heading back to Baltimore. Getting ready to karaoke!?!
Your lawyers may be somewhat less aggressive (think UT-TV powerpoint!)
worth it!
Seriously--five calls in the past 45 minutes. And we're on record as having given $$ to the other party. It's ridiculous.
Fuck it I'm start walking to the BART this season is over
Yamaha dxs from the 90s, those things should be burned.
I'm trying not to have to an attitude or get mad at him but Damn its hard ... I'm doing everything to stay calm kus I'm boutta loose it !
Heading to San Jose for #ATA2012, couldn't be more excited to see the latest in #telemedicine! We're in booth 1027 demoing Visimeet.
My twitter is blowing up about #thesave and As it should be!!!! :)
We're live in 20 mins from Buffalo Wild Wings on University! Tune in, or better yet, stop by!
Hey! Right now I'm doing some freelance work and groping my way to another job. How about you?
I have some long URLs to cite on an essay, and feel like using bit.ly to shorten them would make it easier for my professor. Thoughts?
was fishing for a sweet dessert turd joke but I guess Olive Garden really did underwhelm you.
At #uwcelebration thanking United Way donors for raising $22,005,560 for their community. Highest amount ever
class tomorrow. 930-545 yikess. but looking forward to spanish. love how i have the same spanish teacher i had in hs in college now lol
Yankees?! RT: “: Let me know next time we can meet up! I'd love to fit you for a new Yankees jersey.
It's tee shirt time hahaha
I swear this was the longest 20minutes
I dunno, I like sideling hill, the one with the big farm stand
#notetoself : power balance bands do not help when highly intoxicated.
New Balance: The official shoe of my life.
”We must work on sentence structure. Also, look in the mirror to check your skin tone.”
everyone. right now; please follow my instagram! nicole_eidelman it would honestly mean so much!
Boeing race last night but good night for the 24-48-88-5!! Great job!!
oh, just for days? ;)
HELL why does my location say Bryn Mawr....I live in St. Louis Park! someone help me. haha
I didn't know you were mad.......
Club scene for the bro bday bottles on deck Haaan
We're looking for experts on in-house Competitive Intelligence for a client. Email if you're the one or know someone.
What's the difference between uploading and downloading?? Couldn't "mobile upload" albums also be called "mobile downloads"?
I'm an idiot & now realize that you thought I recognized you from here. Nope, just actually remembered you!
knowing I don't have softball practice today >>>
I enjoyed watching "Smash"!
What a huge win for !! First win road win over a Big 10 team ranked in the top 10 in 32 years!!!!
You said you were okay. But in reality, you're just sad.
4,500 what - calories? Yep, when correctly consuming queso the cals tend to pile up.
I'm mad she don't know where one is
Everything was made so convenient to rush out the door to work that good old fashion nutrition (from the soil) lost out.
Nice meeting you, too!
No I've been going to school. It just recently started back and now I only have it on Thursdays. So it's not like a big deal.
im down, I think were going to have a party. yeah it suck thats why I deactivated mine
thanks for the tv broadcast news
Please never say 'twitter twaddle' again.
they didnt send u coverage
Yes, can you email the file and we will print and ship.
I have absolutely no idea yet... Lol, but I'm really thinking about it
Good morning all, it is hump day time to become prosperous n many ways that God has bless us with seek it and find it because it is ur gift
136 Cappers with their FB plays for tonight and into the weekend posted with 3 consensus so far with the Ov. 70.5 in Houston very strong
Nice to see you! Que pasa?
10% OFF Jersey Mikes! Only w/ a
u in san antonio right
Gordon Gartrel swag
I know.. haha. Fat people playing a sport? Thanks but no thanks. (:
t i am going to watch this video until i go to sleep let's get this to a million views in 1 week
so my day turned out alright. just got some shit on my mind tho
"A judge is a law student who marks his own examination papers." -H.L. Mencken
obviously it's april fools day ;) x
Nice line, if I say so myself, however...
my undies go through so much. I think they're organizing a union.
Tag books in the catalog for easier readers advisory. Allow customers to tag as well.
But sadly I knew I should have been quicker
miss you, Hugh! Wish you were here Fondly remembering your talk last year.
Leap year 2012, yes in deed February has 29 days, Good morning bright and smiling faces
While they (Nat archives ) didn't get many content rich questions they picked up followers & a wiki was enriched
love this
Yo momma so fat she jumped in the air and got stuck.
I just ate something absolutely delicious and I have no idea what kind of animal it was.
good to know. It's pretty much useless here in NM. It will catch on about the time something new happens.
Bob Marley 4/20 I wish I still celebrated
Strange...i just saw a hippo on TV today and now here you are in my life! :p
lets get this to trends:
Hi Juli! I'm a big supporter of Backspace and so glad you were able to attend that panel.
Big up Lady Saw! Listening to your music right now!
Congrats! Would love to work with your team sometime!
Where's my sister with my waterr!
watching your show. FUNNY FUNNY FUNNY
hellz yeah crazy play from harden
That awkward moment when ur teacher looks at u like she's gunna yell then she says "u get a new cellphone cover??"
Eating tonight at Fogo de Chão. Anyone ever been? All-you-can-eat steak is sounding pretty good to this Texan.
christmas eve...doin' nothin' but chillin'<<<gonna help my aunts nd ma cook some pies later on for Xmas!!!
he turns the tables up that's the hook right thur!!!
Unbelievable win by Towson lacrosse! Down 9-3 in the fourth quarter. Wins in 2nd OT. Freshman Justin Mabus with winner.
When your trying so hard to make everyone happy, and nothing goes right.
what up money? You had a chance to work on something yet? ... Btw!!! GOOD MORNING!!!
#Educause10 just got a box of kandy kakes across from Educause central. That made my day!
lol good look on the correction
Went to visit family. Am back now.
Well, you would know something about being a great guy -- from personal experience with your personal self.
It was worth a try.
Bad season in CHI town , same BS injures Football , Basketball
RIP Steve Jobs
Just checked out the new menu for the new Logan Circle MANY more vegetarian selections! SO excited!
Let's go celtics!
hey cuzzo wats ur number. I lost my contacts
tell me about it...only basketball we have is 2K12.
What's up? Long time know here from. Have a good night.
no it was perfect and made me laugh! I'm not vanishing, just spending more time with my diss :)
Probably not, because part of the definition is "consistency" year to year.
Add me on Facebook. It's on my profile. Want to email you an option in commercial re
High five,
I'm good hbu?
We have all changed soo much since middle school..
Ah another beautiful day and I have to work...
Partying it up with
First final today #letsgooo <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Sunday Club Superior on Beale..... ITS A PARTY!!!
<= Proud Lesbian!! Grad student, lover of friends, purple, makeup, high heels, Vodka, clothes, shopping and a great debate!! Lol
yeah. I just can't justify shelling out 50bucks for it. Only seen at a couple cons.
Thanks Jesse!!
night Dave
Some god puck on tonight!
Martin fucking hilarious
Great line-up of booths today: LES Girls Club, artist Anton Van Dalen, Thin Air Video & Bullet Space! 12-8 pm
you didn't even following me :(.. Remember.. I'll go from Holland to Miami this summer for you, and you didn't even follow :(
Don't forget it's Cinco de Mayo tomorrow! If you need any wristbands, stop by our office in midtown Atlanta! We're open today until 5:30pm.
#Davidoff: "The biggest barrier to #MissionDrivenMarketing is leadership: executives, board, everyone,..."
what do you think of the JDS and Cain Valasquez fight of the first on ?
terrible track but ppl will let it cook *smh*
R&&B floww
where is that smell coming from
The water in the fountains at Triangle Park is dark red...
#teamwork it's what we do!
: D Welcome!
Thanks for the follow!
Fireballs may need to be the new jack honey!
Dont judge nobody unless u walk in there shoes
Watching Austin's old Ustreams <3 :')
It's the tail-end of #aam2012 and I am exhausted & exhilerated. Lots of intriguing people to follow, new connections and friends. Huzzah!
it's the least i can do for fantastic, wonderful people like yourselves. let us know when you get back on the road! xo
I would worry less about unique teams and just focus more on what the goal of the team is and who you want to play the most.
Yep, again.
Seriously. Where the fuck is everyone?
Book is on the different medication and nutrition strategies for ADHD. Going into some of the genetics of the disorder as well
Downloading music.
yea im gucci at work bored out my mind
Great pic! Yes, only one more day left in the season *sniff* Hopefully October will be kind to us with a great new harvest!
Thank you for providing free wifi in the hotel & conf space for web & mobile profs! Oft overlooked.
Super awesome day with and .... Thanks guys! Time to head home and decide about Phoenix! :)
Ordering dance costume!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
it's not against the law I can
I love being bad. Because ima a bad girl and
but of COURSE!! :)
#BackInElementarySchool we used to play "Titanic" in P.E and it was the shit
no I won't buy in for at least a few months. Never buy the hype
thinks belts are a great way to express opinions.
#300KMAHOMIES YES!!! MORE TO THE FAMILY! <3 THE FAMILY WILL GROW EACH AND EVERYDAY [: DON'T GIVE UP!!
RT : How would you like to be out at Tattoosh Island? Sustained 69 mph, gust to 86
Happy President’s Day! If you’re stuck in the office, you might as well come in & enjoy a proper pint after work for a late celebration!
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld Clueless and Breakfast at Tiffany's.
Sitting on my balcony Feels Good Out Here ;-)
In ten days... It will be, 11/11/11. Cool
I bet he threw up a boot!
It's 'cause nobody cares like Daniel James cares.
lmao regular show
The "reasonable suspicion" clause gives cops power to stop & search anyone for any reason. This so call "war on drugs" started this!
Someone just told me, " Ur way 2 beautiful 2 b listenin 2 music like that no disrespect" as in post-hardcore. Wait, what.
Do yourself a favor and let someone know you #Love them, even if it's #twitterlove ;)
Cotton swabs down your throat <
Thanks so much for the RT :)
Hawaiian Rule of the day. "Beauty is internal - looks mean nothing"
Rockys is worth the wait, plus they comped it. Free pizza always tastes better.
me 2 yo, this nigga just sent us home
Andre Igoudala dunks like he's too swole to play basketball.
“: I fucked up you fucked up we both fucked up”
Please pray for my cousin who passed away this afternoon!!! She is in #heaven..<3
Dodgers CF Matt Kemp is not in the lineup due to a hamstring injury on Monday. Kemp has played in 399 straight games.
#Thathighmoment When you figure out that the other person has no idea what the hell they are talking about.
New merchandise has arrived! Don't forget, 10% off Earth Friendly Products at BullFish in Baldwin Park
Check out my new show, M-F, 10-Noon on WNST. Follow us here on Twitter. Thanks, Bulldog
Trend #showyourhearts for the and !
fun is an understatement haha. Best part is we leave for Brazil tomorrow!
RT : ROFL If there is an app for CM - its out of date by the time you download it!
i'm so excited to see the hunger games :DD
LOL... I couldn't resist re-tweeting that one!
Aww :) ": You're writing about an assassin. I love you more. :D And I'm totally writing your pub house to beg them for an ARC."
Facebook to Pitch &#39;Life-Saving Tool&#39; on Tuesday
Finally began my cheese shoot for Didn't expect to start my morning roasting marshmallows. (Photos later, I promise.)
RT : follow back (Following now...)
I knew I could count on
I DIDN'T MEAN TO HURT YOU, I'M SO SORRY. DO YOU REALLY WANT ME TO LET GO OF HIM? I MISS YOU SO MUCH. PLEASE COMEBACK. :(
It's not a party until I fag out! And believe me I will!
Hahaha my friend said 'that's the last time I gave John Travolta a massage"- hilarious!
The mysterious bag was full of dirty gym clothes, but we took the necessary precautions to ensure the safety of our #BkSq guests.
Happy Early Birthday April ^.^ ;D !
is all done for the day at the office (www.3cpdx.com). See you all tomorrow! Good luck to all of the Olympic Athletes!
RT : Stuart #Chaifetz (dad of #Akian) was on 2day's CBS. Glad he's covering it. Changes R needed
Better start walking Young and we going to Game 6
Thanks for the follow, Phil
can I just see you soon??!
Okay, Nice Talking To You (: RT that's your opinion so yeah. And please I'm mad? You sound dumb af.
#shaq don't need to be up there on television talkin'...he need a hobby! Learn how to talk!!!
blake sorry af
So many shows coming up
somehow i've managed to work at jimmy johns for a year and this is the first time i've ever taken mine :P
lol may bad it was tempting xDDDD jkjkjk i wanted to see you reaction and true any car that we can use would be fine ;D
"a floor projection & eerie holographic work overturn, in a rather disquieting way, some fundamental notions of 3D space" - AiA about Snow
Oh & btw; I lost all my numbers, so text me. Cause I seriously have four contacts right now.
and prostitutes...
im gonna live my life no matter what we party tonight PARTY TIME IN A FEW HOURS (:
don't we all
I love it when ppl get their mic's off for talking too long at award shows!!!
Yes you can
know he know he supposed to hook that shit up
We have been conducting a US pilot with several cities and counties. Results have been encouraging.
When schools, teachers and students live and die by the numbers, they "juke the stats" a la The Wire.
I want a TV in my bathroom, ooh and cork floors!
Today, buyers start their purchasing process on the Internet, in the search engines, blogs, and social media
Hey I'm an optometrist in west Hollywood nice to meet you!
Visit sm4w for my boards. -> : Who has Pinterest boards. Names please.
New tattoo idea: Get a snowy Rochester logo with 'In Hetsko we trust' around it?
Congratulations to Modern Medicine's Top 100 Hospitals!
Dear bird-flipping robot, You do not know who you are messing with. I will crush you and use you as my personal bedpan. And stuff.
Do I have. Ur number. Or. Can u. Text / call me
The correct answer is always Nebraska.
dude...there should be a place where you can compete in "hunger games". but with paintball or laser tag...!!!
The body never lies. ~Martha Graham
Thanks to all the testers! RT : Snack Words status: Waiting For Review. Hooray!
Just published pictures of the rolling Meadows Custom ranch project at Ask The Kitchen Guy on FB. Check them out and LIKE us if you like.
The city never sleeps. Who still at it?
when did the day of the speech mean more than the substance of the speech?
Start planning your #weekend: #concerts Fri, Sat & Sun in Newton & Groton, MA and Deep River, CT
Hypothesis: Patton Oswalt has moved into complex, but not funny. Thoughts?
One year ago today on a rooftop at #midwestux, asked me to consider joining And what a year it has been.
The baked beans and mashed potatoes are great at Jaymer-Q BBQ. You can taste the fresh pork in the beans.
Sell your #JunkCar to us. #FastCashForJunkCars Right Now, We'll Quote You for free!
Thanks, Brian! You were awesome to work with. Thank you for choosing us :) Let us know if you need anything!
you know what could do for his birthday, yep thats right make me the most happiest person alive by following me(; *Hint, hint*
what the hell is goin on on pocket i keep hearing sirens
You people! I demand mercy! Justice! I was FEEDING MY SISTERS!!!
thank you :)
no way just give em a call today! It's easy
HaPPy New Year!
I don't discriminant, I like my girls chocolate or vanilla
Whats going on?
Im so tired of talking bout basketball now
Our horseshoe-shaped Circus Building was designed to accommodate the 500 ft. long Circus Parade, begun by Roy Arnold 1925.
#AmericaWants to get a full-page ad in USA TODAY. Please RT
you have a home here in Portland!
Life is going by soo fast.
Anytime my heart wants to stop beating so hard this morning...
Does he sleep in the humidor, or just have his locker in there? #Rockies : I'm getting a zillion jokes a second regarding Moyer
I was just makin sure lol. You should go 2 sleep now
placed 35th placed 30th out of 226 at Celeb Poker Tournament, what a wonderful + ruthless couple.
The subtle hilarities of Japanese television are amusing me to no end right now.
"Regular vacations are preventative medicine; they cut down on stress related illness & save health care dollars." www.travopoly.com/kini
The oldest poetry magazine in the US is Poet Lore founded in 1889. Do you read it? Do you know what you're missing? www.poetlore.com
Happy Friday Everyone! Getting ready to perform at the Temecula Wine Festival this weekend. Should be wonderful : ))
You say cray instead of crazy? I bet you came up with that all on your own. -- Condescending Wonka ()
what kind of dork posts a picture of hay and captions it "hey". oh wait, i just did that yesterday.
That is why they call it the beautiful game. Truly amazing.
RT Not sure that determinism is a meaningful construct anymore #TtW12 #D3 #C3 Affordances, conventions & constraints
Husker - Huskies game seems like Bizarro world. Huskers throwing, Bo upbeat at half, defense lacking. Weird. Fun, but weird.
I play in a band guitar is my instrument run on sentences are cool Fuck Twitter because no one cares
I use Zite (news app) on my iPad, it was in the entrepreneur section!
aw man and I missed it?! #gymdrama lol
If a turtle doesnt have a shell, is it naked or homeless?
When you embrace conviction you embrace a set that will give you a standard by which you must live.
where is cody!!!!!!???????? he is suposed to be on live! where are you cody
Congratulations to Washington State for passing a law to legalize same-sex marriage!
Sounds like fun. :)
Cheers! RT : Follow Friday!
me! you should put one up soon :)
we promise! what is bringing you here?
i live for the nights that i cant remember with the people that i wont forget <U+2665>
Come one, come all to the #ChiliChallenge today in the Letterman Lobby from 11 am to 2 pm!
is Chesteron in IN or MI? I used to go to the dunes in MI. My mom is from Ludington, MI.
Enjoying a treat from always brightens my day.
Tweet us photos of your visit to The Stage using hashtag #thestagemiami for your chance at a $50 bar tab!
Oops/correction - and that they (our soldiers) can be home for Christmas)
Im all in
WOW that's freaking awesome! Gonna have to spin up that LaserDisc tonight in its honor!
Love less, care less, use your heart less and get hurt less.
K. As in Kershaw. Happy opening day, guys.
I think #Huckabee meant that the #GOP establishment, and not the rank and file, is uniting behind
RT : DW needs to stop talking.
Listening session . Checking out the masters of this club smash with and audio mcswagger
Right now I feel like an outcast with my family <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
#nowplayin' carriage this song always reminds me of rainy days.
Anytime. I'm not afraid to admit that I'm an Olivia Hayes fan.
I liked it, can I get a follow? I support you
I love you and I miss you! <3 things aren't the same without you!
I'm here until Friday morning. :)
Poor little homeless fart...
This is a shocker. 60% of 8 year olds have smart phones. I don't believe it.
Waiting at the oral surgeon to see me. Just learned he is out of network.
the standing O for the 3rd kid was undeserved. just lobbed it up.. no threw the legs, behind the back????
nope lol we start Saturday lol
heyy u should come back to wwe they need u but how was ur day?
Great retreat with my Vistage group. Golf and learning all in one!
Krav Maga Academy's New State of the Art Location is Now OPEN. 5000 sqf of full time Krav Maga Training in NYC. www.KravMagaSolutions.com
those tattoos made me very hungry indeed.
Said exactly what I was thinking.
I will. MTRTechNews is just a lose blog that won't have very many posts.
2 people have already named their kid after me <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Next time I have tea, I'll try just lemon. I like turbinado, but its still sugar.
omfg! if this little girl doesnt stfu im going to beat the living shit out of her. i dont fuck care if she is seven!!!!!!!!!
That is stupid.
Baba Ram Dass~ The quieter you become the more you can hear.
so glad to have found the K man on twitter!
Opened LONG $NZDUSD @ .7595; 1% of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 67% SHORT
RT : Do you really need another vacation, or is it time to design a life you don't need to run from?
Just when I thought I learned my lesson, there I go again-__-
We are back underway here in the 2nd half. Beautiful day in San Antonio. Horns up 1-0.
Cheaters make me sick.
I knew that :). Just checking on you. Getting ready for work; if out on tollways let me know!! Lol
Grandpa gets kicked out of the nursing home for being too grumpy on tonight's episode of The Simpsons! Watch with us at 5!
"Mama had 2 jobs I know that she was working for me.Ten years later, I got her working for me.."
...so call me maybe
U bettr Rt: : I did so wat u talk bout im doin my job
Idk man packing tonight seems too fast! Hannah if i do go tell everyone ima miss em!!! To much for me! maybe i will give up my dream?!?
Haha, I'd blame the Canucks, but I heard it most recently on Shark Tank. But yeah, don't even get me started on Canadian speak ;)
RT : 's Eric Ferraro speaks on funding in the music tech space at SF Music Tech X - product and value matter....
No thirty year old man I will not go to the casino with you after I get off work.
THUG LIFE *-*
it is. I'll tell u another day. It's a person who is completely selfish...really disrespected me...no its not Andy.
at Starbucks I'm in love with these Dark Chocolate Brownies
You and would be like the PERFECT couple! She is in your icon and so am I
#jaxsummit Welcome to Twitter!
Glad to have met 2 groups of #UPEIAN105 today and 1 group of #UPEILC today! You'll get used to my brand of weird, maybe even like it.
Ensure The Success of Your Blog Before You Even Build It
Is the design of app important, when you consider to buy it? :)
YOU HELLA DUMB GIRL
you're right. I love you more :)
Do you walk the walk or do you just talk the talk?
#Happy ! Going to get my braces on Thursday, and im off to Disney that same day. And when I get back ,Im gonna hang with my friends from NJ!
Happy New Year! Everyone be safe tonight.
Just got on the air...giving away the new Black Eyed Peas CD all day! And taking new web photos! Hell yeah bitches!
Who's following #theNBAplayoffs?
I definitely think so. Teens mights even open up more on this platform.
“ Best words of advice: Everything happens for a reason.”
You have many supporters. Good luck!
Speaking of E, Get this: actually knew Prisilla before he did. She was a neighbor in Texas before moving to Germany. Nah, she don't remember
My iPhone Just Adds To My Ignorance, I Screen Shot & Put Yo Ass On Blast
Over 400 views in less than 10 hours, not bad. It's because it is hilarious...check out the teaser for our new show....
Valley Center woman accused of killing 89 year-old Rancho Bernardo man and stealing more than $500,000 from his estate.
is trying to comfort his tired wife.
Yeah, that's it -- yeah, I KNOW. (shrugs) I haven't figured it out either.
Need sum thing 2 smoke 2 start da day off right
Fred Hammond......major statement!
I've learned some of the most amazing things when I couldn't take the path I wanted & was forced down another!
Seriously. You. Check out the moon.
Happy Thanksgiving!
#NP so sick by ne-yo , reminds me of Niall :)
Tzedek day & we just returned from volunteering for SPCA at d/town Macy's persuading others to adopt. Only problem now is I want a pet.
fan fic again?
CHILLIN HERE IN DENVER...WAITING FOR THE TO KIKK SOME FAKER ASS.
I know I'm Alive because the pain of twenty 100 yard sprints is Feeln 4REAL <3
....and the winner is MINDY IRISH! Please call Tina at the salon to schedule your free Holiday Blow out!
Hi Guys Love <3 I miss you , how are you ?? :) Follow me please !
awesome thanks! we are rolling out at my school and I may need advice/support from a veteran :)
how? What's it about
Gorgeous! I dropped my most beloved ring last night and will have to have it re-set (simple fix). This is cheering me right up.
good luck with rehab Ovie. We in the #RavensNation wish you the best during your recovery.
66- we had a convo about hot cheetos with jay haha good times your really funny and pretty :)
Yeah..leave in ur ghetto car
Hi Evan, we saw your tweet and would like to invite you back for a complimentary meal. plz email w contct info
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish, and he will sit in a boat and drink beer all day.
Detroit......it's a crazy hell whole place.....but it's my hometown so yea
Got the first 3 things on my to do list done. Somehow, procrastination popped up as Number 4. Now, where's that eraser?
Going to opry mills!
Raise your sail one foot and you get ten feet of wind. -Chinese Proverb
#thought - Is the declining crime rate to blame for the lack of good gangsta rap?
this is a train beer kind of day
My niece needs a hug.
I quit a long time ago
you know it :)
You win the prize for best ironic retweet of the day. Soak it up.
go argentina!! that is so happy! futbol.. <3
Rebelution Indianapolis! Will you be there?
Today’s Pasadena Specials: Soups of the day are Potato Leek and Carrot Ginger. Sugar-free lemonade is Watermelon Rosemary.
Did Blake Griffin give Allen a little extra shove into the scorer's table on that loose ball?
Aww. Thanks Boney! Now if only I could be back where that picture was taken. Man I miss Costa Rica!!
I've never hated & loved someone like I do Gertrude Stein.
You're a "Winner, winner, chicken dinner"! Blessings to you, DeJuan!
are we supposed to vote todaY?
people throw rocks at things that shine
Ok he just asked me what I wanted to eat but not moving.. like why??
How old is "too old" when sipping brews at the Dirty Bird???
Asians arent smart; we just work hard.
Is Danks that bad or the #Tigers offense that good.
I dominated JV basketball in my senior year..
Which in we call Lei Day in #Hawaii! It's a huge day filled with hula dancing and fun!
I love my co hosts chito and !!!!! :) yeah babayyy
Looking to make Easter brunch reservations in SD. I know it's late but any recommendations?
thank you :)
The possibilities of a new day are endless!
"Astragalus is top three herbs in the world!" one of my faves!
Tech stuff is hard 4 me, my friend said "You can learn anything, it just takes more time." Thank god for outsourcing! Fiverr, elance & odesk
In retrospect, certainly, no argument here. RT : RC never deserved to be fired imho.
Nice work, brother! RT : I get to share my work with the CEO of Memorial Sloan Kettering today.
answer your freaking phone
Loved listening to on the podcast. Nice to know that one of the country's best is working up the street from my office.
#TheLittleBlackTruck is back at it! Come find us at 15th and Q. Next to Fremont Park, R15 Naked Coffee and Shady Lady!
It is a cool, easy way for companies to engage customers in social media
Tell us your New Years Resolution! The best answer wins a gift bag loaded with goodies from ABP!
2 days with no Internet or fax service for my business. sucks!
I hate that I have to work. I wish I could just take a chill pill this summer.
So much shit going through my head
What u watching?
Not to mention that everyone who is overweight or deranged has exactly the same
playing tonight at Roulette Brooklyn with Adam Rudolph's Organic Orchestra. beautiful new space at atlantic and 3rd ave
Not allowed to say YOLO on Twitter anymore :(
I wonder how tha Universe REALLY Began?
Shouldn't I be running the marathon?
I'm thoroughly enjoying this lazy day
Coach Crum & Siva need to spend the day together watching Kimba Walker playing in last years tournament in coach's theatre.
who is ? did you mean ?
qJDJD LIKE PLEASE
YW! And many thanks for following--much appreciated!
Who ever thought that AC Slater would become the most successful celebrity out of all the kids on Saved By The Bell?
hey thanks for the follow. We have a great bottle opener Tshirt that you would find amazing
. on #Smash: "Why is Leonard Nimoy in that wig?"
im so happy you won !!! i so voted for you !!! love u
if you make it to Ft Wayne IN area give me a shout
A lot of people hate on , but he's a Celebrity Journalist. Blaming him for a top story of leaked nude pics is your own fault.
It's amazing how the instant I smell even the hint of a bon fire, I am flooded with some of the best memories of my life. <3
Escape the heat come to the library where it is cool and read.
P.S. she is stupid...it's been a month and she still asks the same stupid questions!
smh gotta go through this shit again
LADIES COME CHECK OUT THE NEW SANDALS AND ADIDAS WE HAVE IN!!!!!
hi. Dakheet? I hope you like my website! <3
good twitter discussion going on the side, but let's add the #mw2012 tag. why or why not CC0?
then he needs more friends. It's part of a well rounded friends group.
folding is overrated. It's done :)
RT: Love hurts. Boys lie. Friends cry. People die. Parents yell. You always try. You're never good enough & you don't know why.
You're on my bad list again!! I need you next Saturday afternoon.
wow that's crazy! Ate they strict with the kids too cuz I've seen some girls in crazy shit its sad
watching it noww!!! lets discuss tonight!
<-- off the market.
Fun fact: our Owner owned & operated 2 Subway franchises, real estate invst co & a Best Buy like co. in europe & he's under 40yrs old
happy writing today!
If I was in charge I would paint the debt ceiling. The same color as the walls cause I like that Martha Stewart look.
I hope the team managers won't announce their pitchers before the game. It would be good to switch them and kind of confuse gamblers. [1945]
"The robbed that smiles, steals something from the thief." - William Shakespeare, from "Othello"'
Happy Holidays to you as well and your inspiring tweets have provided much warmth through the year :)
I was excited to get a 2 hr. meter in DC. However, I received 7.5 minutes for each quarter. Who walks around with 16 quarters on hand?
I Need YOU to be apart of the Atlanta Underground Music Awards July 14, 2012 Great Networking Event
Asians<3 That's me (;
Nick, we met once in Chongqing when Peking Duck's Richard was visiting. Do you remember? How's life?
#PromiseMe you will always #Love me
I've got the biggest girl crush on
a job well done! Great rally #uawow #dcunitewomen very engaging speakers and cool crowd fired up and ready to fight!
If you haven't already checkout the New "SNOCLOTHING" Wristband's. Only $3 and we are donating to Cancer Research!!! SNOCLOTHING.com
Caracas (pop. about 4.5 million) has close to 100 homicides every week end.
Loiter Squad ^.^
": Normal Person Flirting: "Hey, babe(: what's goin on?" ... Me Flirting: "Your face. I like that."" I'm so using this line!!
only my mom..
OOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHH No he didnt......Jimmy Kimmel is a fool.
Remember to vote! Free horn ensemble performance 8PM (IUP/Cogswell); free pool at Boomies; karaoke at Ironwood with Jammin' Jim. No comment.
I love twitter, I love Justin, I love Selena, I love all Justin's fans. I love my life, as long as Justin Bieber is alive! <U+2665> Please follow
Also "Kongens Fald" by JV Jensen on ipad (v. sexy epub file) but getting cross-eyed.
El Gallito has the best grilled jalapeños in LA. This cannot be denied.
Everything started to collapse in the same 5 months. What happened to being happy and STAYING happy? Now I'm just hoping for a real smile.
what was my excuse then?
“: usage limit :( no” lol shoulda got unlimited from AT&T
We're to hear abt steps to tackle homelessness in Silver Lake with
Because anyone is better then me and always will be.
please report it.
Car not functioning.... fml
Wow. Hope that's not it for Shanny. He's an all-time great and favorite of mine.
The thoughts running through my head right now need to stop...lol
is coming/not sleepover over! <3 i want now to come/sleep over! then i would be the happiest ever.
My Golden Rule: Never EVER wear khaki pants and a blue shirt to Walmart unless u like to send the idiots down the wrong isles.
Ima miss Wizards of Waverly Place, curse you disney channel for getting rid of the best show they have left/:
good to meet you in peson today - thanks for letting me pick your brain
TEXT-S&P ratings - Belarusian National Reinsurance Organization
Analysis: Sarkozy&#39;s miracle is nowhere to be seen
APD's CSI investigators at Eklutna Lake, looking into reports of human remains found there.
Mike Ganley smashed a PH double over the LF's head for the Pioneers' 17th hit of the game. Offense has it rolling.
You kids are CRAZY! Why did you leave so late?
...and you think...maybe it IS relevant, but just hasn't had room to grow up and evolve?
First straight set win ever!!!!
The Lion King <3
Well that just ruined my day.. #awesome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Come tan your Monday blues away! $5 upgrades all day!!
let's go caps! I can't wait to watch the game tonight!
Niceville to get a damn book <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
You're the coolest lol
RT : #uwebc- html5 and the impact that will have on social media, especially as an alternative for Apple b/c of Flash access.
mine too! Its delicious!!!!!!!!
I never saw you tweet.....oh well...plus I was on private chats anyway....
I'm so sick of name aiden. It sounds weird and wimpy. Ryan and Brian have always been faves of mine.
hello new followers ! thanks for following ! make sure you like us on facebook as well and follow us personally ,thank you ,with love er
Seems like I will be working all this summer....but I'm enjoying every moment of it.
It better not rain this weekend, I'm going fishing!
2011.09.10 #Phillies 3 #Brewers 2 | At least this was close / but post-season talk can stop / until this skid ends
I took riley for her ice cream soon as she got home now she knocked out :)
Anyone going to the Chicago show?
EXACTLY! i'm trying to trap people! lol make there be less forever alones out there and make the world a better place! :P
Right, and questions that come up, what year so and so happened, for instance, are answered in a moment.
Honey 2 Im so done.....
: friend or foe? It's only a matter of time before we have to battle his legless space progeny for the fate of humanity.
man I missed it!!
Want To Know How (Not) To Pitch Your Startup? Look No Further.
I can have all that though haha <U+E428><U+E418>
The loud drunkenly loitering patrons have been out of hand lately. I expect to hear people but it's still residential folks!
Emailed you his info. (Thanks, !)
Come hang out tonight at Club Motor!! We're playing with Bobaflex, Royal Bliss, and Oceans Divide! Doors at 6:30 show starts at 7
Loves her new iPhone 4s!!! :)
ok what u do for example if ur trying to say shit it will correct it but if u delete the last letter n put the last letter back
Don't let it happen, make it happen
What's for dinner? Mushroom fettucine Alfredo, of course. And Part 2 of Masterpice Theatre Birdsong. Anyone else been watching?
I saw a pic of one of these a couple days ago. So sick! But I do still love the Cayenne. Next on my list is a G Class
oh Yea
hahah its ok it will turn into a tan by tomorrow(: and thanks!
Tweet me something you want me to have Cody say in a tweet to you. I will photoshop it & you can fool your friends! (:
It's Official I got my AFTRA card today!!!!!!!!!!!
I've had my fair share of typography jokes getting crickets :)
I wasn't trying to bum any one out, I watched this on TV about India & it pissed me off.
Tip #206: When you are faithful with what GOD has GIVEN to you, He is inclined to give you more.
haha he's alive!!!!!
Hey Kelly! Miss ya too!" Please soon :) : We love seeing you happy! Let's reconnect soon... Miss Ya! Cc' "
So, these guys at my bus stop are talking about masturbating to dogs and quantum theory.
Thanks to all the fans The Troma Channel on Comcast had passed 1.5 million views last month!
Why my little cousin told me I look like Iman Shumpert lol
Oh man, did I get a selection.
Thanks so much for listening! Your bro was awesome
: Amen. Let's get to it! (commences email thread) lol YAY!!!
on a journey to self-improvement doing 30 stories in 30 days started last Friday going well.
Hello everyone!
Well, I was thinking of an organized event in March, but disorganized meetings beforehand are a great idea!
Threw up at work so I went home..lost a 5 hour shift..
Ready to be in someone studio
Our girlfriend made me follow you so you have 100 followers
Happy Easter to you, too!
"I reaaallly have to talkn to the doctor about those meddddss..... " if it doesn't feel right it's probably not right meds.? .
Did anyone see the aurora in the skys last night? If not keep your eyes peeled tonight, they are a fetching shade of Travail green...AWESOME
#blessed to be alive April 1st
no problem :) thanks again for the interview, we'll let you know when it's posted :)
Black bandana, sweet Louisiana
It's all been great so far. I can't wait to get to A Face To Call Home
well ima drink straight rum, whiskey, and maybe some scotch.
you are so on top of everything!
Great 21-5 win by over #France in the Bowl quarterfinals at the
Fluke. Although the last time I experienced it was a January in the '80s, so it may be significant as a cosmic event.
Woohoo, happy Friday!
top line = lyrics! everything else = track! :)
RT : Any producers want to place a beat on the next project? Email . Few spots left.
Come On #Idaho caucus #RonPaul!
Congrats to and Nicole on their wedding day!
RT : you just won a follower! Thank you! ^NB I really appreciate it!
Payday is upon us--scheming how to go through another paycheck! Getting ready for another work roadtrip this week, to stunning Winchester!
Simplicity is one goal of reform. Others: fairness, efficiency of incentives, revenue.
you too sweetheart!! Do you have Skype?
“ girl blow it out ya ass!”lol....i luv u2 sis
Weight Watchers signed Jessica Simpson for $3 mil? Hope she's OK with being second best looking spokesperson in a dress behind Sir Charles.
: #thingsidoduringsex Call the girl a b*tch that way I never mess up and call her by the wrong name.
Oh my captain, my captain. Thy will be done. O<U+0361><U+0334><U+0334>.<U+032E>O<U+0361><U+0334><U+0334><U+0334>
Zip. Zilch. Nada. Obama Budget. Get my drift?
lol right and nuthing we on spring break
It's the end of the year mad rush on projects and planning. How's everyone holding up?
I KNOW THAT IF I GIVE UP THERES NO CHANCE OF FOLLOWING ME BUT IF I DONT HE STILL WONT FOLLOW WHATS IT TAKE 4 HIM 2FOLLOW A GUY
It does get better. My kids are 17 and 12. No more accidents!
SEPTA alert: The 513 to Malvern is running a new train this morning.
Come on now.
Laughter - the most civilized music in the world
One cinnamon chip muffin is not enough for this day...
Allergies apparently can develop later in life, get worse each year and pounce without warning.
It's pretty close. The goal is to have this page be pretty neutral and to have each exhibit specifically designed for content.
Did they?
: thanks wish I had a place to wear them if I could even buy them
you don't like parasites with your soy sauce?
Great image! You've reminded me not to mail godson's present till tomorrow.
Windmills going up on the roof!
haha. Man I have an Employee Handbook from my previous employer telling people to use perfume and fresh clothes.
"In Transcend mediation, we don't command, we propose. We prefer it not in the subjunctive mood. English is a very bad mediation language."
"Speak only when it improves the silence" - best quote of the day
Colleges Increasingly Offer Four-Year Guarantees: Some colleges are offering '4-year Guarantees' that... dlvr.it/mKsLF
Love Alex Goot <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
I figured just an honest mistake or maybe ..........they know..... Haha
Okay, Internet. You're on your own for the next week. Don't do anything I wouldn't do.
Happy Monday! Remember #UWM faculty, staff & students get reduced rates on all classes, except the FREE ones ;)
aww you're so sweet! thank you!!!
Oh perfect :)
Thanks for following. Happy Monday!
Great idea. I remember seeing that on TV when I was a kid...
Working with my special needs students today.. My favorite group to work with. Puts things in perspective..
there has been talk about adding ee2 to core, but its very debatable and is also very much in the hot path.
u not the only one ha
That's not feedback you hear on the #oscars - its an alien invasion signal. Where's ?
right?!? It's right here in our back yard and, yet, we seem to forget that...they ARE hosting an event for #ypweek tho
Feelin the love on Twitter this morning....So Happy Valentines Day! - especially to each of you who have @/msg'd me this past year:)
Pollen can kiss my ass ^___^
yap. But my sleep!!!
Steelers baby know about it
nina nesbitt and ed sheeran are amazing wahhh why couldn't i be in europe when they were touring together
: can I get a follow back? And i agree about megan fox
You rock, Thank you for holding a hearing on
do you think you and PCFH should tour together?
So how did an 8 year old end up at my Christmas dinner? On a related note, where's the wine? And the Xanax?
Homegirl shows up to #BikramYoga with a full face of make-up on. That's the last thing you want when you're sweating like a whore in church!
in class online! i am not 100% sure if she;s guilty, but I think shes sketch as hell! I think she should get
WAKE UP!
must've been some nice shootin'!
looks amazeballs, that sounds like a perfect plan
-Lunch?! What's that!! Enjoy doll! XOX
Do it! “: Debating whether it would be unfair me to ask Sark about decision to try 61 yd FG in lieu of going for 1st
Headed to set 4 a long night of filming.... 10pm till 6am.... Ill be tweet'n tonight....
Lunch at Del Taco...now you're livin'!
I am so exicited about the Hairologie debut!
Guys, girls only say there's nothing wrong to hide the ugly truth
OMG, I've seen exactly 2 minutes with15 seconds of LadyGaga performing at the BTW ball, she's the most amazing & beautiful performer EVER!
U can't listen to what everybody says to u bc they can't hear what God is speaking to u! PREACH!! "Knowing God's Voice"
read your dm and just come right back to mentions
Anyone have a favorite WI cheese wholesaler??
Yankees just came back from 9 to 0 against red sox
One day I was walking by with a Walkman on..
Thank you! RT : Happy #FF! The sun is finally shining. Thank you to
#OnlyLightSkinDudes say "Light skin is the new style" Lol
wait where are you moving?
Home alone, it's quiet, I'm warm, it's making me sleepy.
yes boss
"Love Is Always A Bitch" - From Paris With Love
Life has just begun, don't throw it all away...
2 more followers and I'll have 2000.... how did that happen?
lol dude if they ever make a game with team deathmatch on horses it's automatically the best game ever invented. period.
That means you need friends.
Just Picked up my mom mothers day gift! Hope she likes it! Thank u so much ! :)
Welcome 2 #anchorage !!!
Our guitarist just made a twitter follow him!
Should I Drop an Instrumental tonight?
Hey Tim Thomas, Obama sends his condolences...Beyotch! Go Caps! (Yes, I've somehow become a #hockey fan.)
Looking forward to this day ending. I work Friday and Saturday!
I love grilling out in the winter
Thanks will keep in mind,MAX
Getting ready to unclog someone's toilet. Whoopie!!!
Bitches Brew and some summer cleaning. What up, #Stockholm in a month!
Pretty cool, hope to make it back to LA soon, we should hang out!!!!
I just want to start over with everyone.
Do you have a button authors can embed on their sites (like Goodreads, Facebook, Twitter) so viewers can connect directly?
My Goals for graduation 1, finish my degree with A's in every biology class 2. Graduate suma kumlade 3. Get accepted into med school
Of course, lol.
just found out my fed tax refund is getting direct deposited tomorrow - soo clutch.
Am loving new #Avi What a sexy sexy man! Even in art form! If I were a painter I would paint u next 2 me Oh wait I am a painter
yeah I think he's egging you on lol
Anheuser-Busch buys Oklahoma City distributorship Premium Beers of Oklahoma for $182 million, giving them 90% control of AB sales in OK.
The thing that bothers me is, these fans in Pittsburgh did not see the guy play so they have no business calling him out
I had a dream about u & DJ Paul came home to Memphis to party w/ us at our place like we're best friends. It was funny :)
That was hilarious. I love when he gets pissed off. I like Bowa doing it better.
Nope, you're not alone..HaHa...I wish he even talked more, he's so funny also, I totally crack up! :)
My darling daughters back to school wardrobe now includes a lego batman shirt
You got it!
oh gosh...im dead
Life's always a little better when there's a special someone to share the wonderful things with.
?????RT : Follow and I'll follow you back
Sitting at McDonald's observing my granddaughter playing and watching how nothing else matters to her but right NOW! Simply amazing!
no sir, no reebok, sorry
Crazy official post-NAMM day at the NOTION Music office. Everyone moving really slowly and red lights blinking on all phones.
you're support means so much!
"is that a.. OUTSIDE bird?!"
who do I look like? ??
No Spurs game on Sunday. Grizzlies beat Clippers 90-88. That series goes to a Game 7.
More than 2500 left handed people are killed every year from using right handed products
No problem, and you too :D
haha yah girl! & dang that sucks haha hope u get better :)
French toast and spiral ham for daaaayyyyz.
let it hurt, even more than i deserve. let it come down on mee. let it rain.
Abby thanks for checking us out :) xoxo
I got my iPhone from Sprint a couple of months ago. Super awesome.
Twas the night before his NBA debut: How Blazer rookie Nolan Smith plans to spend 1st Christmas in Portland. Watch at 11
The #weekend is almost here! What's your plan?
right on..one angry bills fan here
Why is it that all the perfect job opportunities have to come up so close to graduation but close 2-3 weeks beforehand?
Everyone is complaining about the Polish taking jobs. What about the lesbians taking our women?
I have never made but one prayer to God, a very short one: "O Lord, make my enemies ridiculous." And God granted it.
Today is the first day of the rest of your life insurance policy
President Barack Obama makes history once again by becoming the first U.S. President to back same-sex marriage!
Gm World!!!
you got to listen to Packer Face by C.W.A.
My Zen Thought for the Day: Time may be a great healer, but its a lousy beautician.
Thanks Jeff, I will check it out! I just flew into Chicago and boy are my arms tired! Har har har.
We are still waiting in the upstairs gym for another 45 minutes. Should have packed a lunch.
I don't know why, but I expect the market manipulators to perform some magic after lunch and at least moderate the market move.
I do this shit for a living, ain't no fucking way a average hooper hanging with me if I got serious
Be sure to pace yourself. You have the whole day ahead.
yes,opening for the Doobies. He can still shred-although he almost blew the speakers when he hit the wah wah pedal
Never tripping off of what aint mine
Sometimes yelling. RT There's a point in a spreadsheet day where you realize you are addressing excel by name as well as out loud.
Just got home-did Driver dance yet?
Well, 's use of "fuck it" is pretty spot on and much needed addition to the
OMG, I seriously want some pancakes from IHOP. Who wants to go?
hi! Yes I made it for Haverford...should be out next week, I'll tweet a link when. How is everything? Are you in Philly?
Sucks that the political reality dictates we argue "Who wins" instead of celebrating the "combined victory"of two Admins. with a common goal
I am not coming home till after work & you are at soccer. Mom is going to be home after her meeting.
that's about the extent of it. Throw God in there and its complete!
Go Go! Last day of the series and the last day for our #HomestandCombo - Fried Chicken & Beer for $10!
NAW DROPPING THE KIDS OFF AT SCHOOL
#EveryoneHasThat1FamilyMemberWho noone can stand, even their own family don't like em
sure I just have to find all the links lol
: #abqtalk. RE: Want to throw in how grateful I am for all the help gives to NPOs || We'll second that!
We gotta song out off r new record!! Tell us u love it, if yer fingers r crossed, keep em behind yer back. ;)
LOL Drew Brees in Seattle? Now THAT is a dynasty!!!!!
Things described as "fun for the whole family" just affirm my decision to never start one
do you really wanna love me forever, oh oh ohh or is it just a hit and run?
THIS x 1000! RT Let the magic happen. I'm tired of this 'must have the right pedigree' garbage. I want heart and attitude.
I can't wait to read a bunch of dumb fake things on the internet tomorrow
To love another person is to see the face of God. Les Miserables
If you're gonna be in Arizona on March 31st, come check out Bubble Bobble 4! PLEASE!? xD It'll be amazing!
Cool picture!
6 more tweets before I make it to 200 well now its 5 Lol :)
Two great days in Korea anncing our equity w #ShoutWaggenerEdstrom. Now London to meet w the EMEA customer advisory board and UK colleagues.
Happy Birthday to my brother !!!! I love you big head!!! :)
They was gud but Dm ur number so I can txt yu
Sometimes I wonder where.would I be at.if.I didn't change
Congrats on the Bill and Mary Diederich Scolarship!
professor has mixed reviews on rate my professor. i'm a little nervous, pressure's on. oh and I still can't believe he's my neighbor lol
if I were to buy a movie off itunes what movie would I buy...?
WANT MY PICTURE HMMP!
that's funny u say that cuz I wanna watch ball on you fools sunday
lmfao! Yeahh. That was just the mistake of the wrong street
song is catchy
Working hard to get some new ideas and some great foundations to add to our initiative! #
Join us @ our 2nd Tweet-up April 27th @ the Balloon Museum! Starts @ 5pm w/cocktails & and speaker J.D. Huss on Aviation in ABQ.
When a customer tells me i can keep the change and its a couple pennies i wanna punch them in the fuckin face
I think your guardian angel is Betty Boop!
no thanks
but it has been the subject of many articles and discussions. could also be that marketing efforts & team success haven't aligned
We are planting seeds that will all bring fruit eventually. Be patient with yourself.
Good morning! Thanks for the retweets!
facejacker then on the road jack.
If you RT anything from into my timeline, and you aren't pointing out how ridiculous they are,
ditto on the contract
not a joke, i'm just kinda giving up and unless something magical happens in like two hours im deleting it.
Bats game just started no score yet
Don't HOW I found you on here, but am STOKED that you're on here!! Never would've thought!
Understatement of the day "I'm quite embarrassed about the result" Neil Warnock, Leeds United boss
Congrats to Dominguez Insurance Services for hiring MAM5ive Creativegroup to launch and build their new marketing brand: brand ID developme…
it was so good lol! How are you friend?
ha, thanks Beth. Much appreciated.
#TurnToYou..I just cried hearing it.:( the most beautiful and touching song I've ever heard, gonna go show my mom it iloveyou<U+2665>
getting better today :)
Here we go! UK vs. KU Monday night. If it is as exciting as these two games have been, I might need more bourbon. (-:
I have the attention span of a 3 year old.
Happy Birthday Eddie!
Have you picked up the 4xLP reissue on Mississippi Records yet?
you know when you go crazy, cause you start histericaly laughing in the middle of your geometry class :P
Boston loves you and the whole team!! Keep up the good work and think positive!! #BruinPride #BostonOnTheRun #Follow?
it's all over my timeline everyone is freaking out about this Lexi girl that Austin supposedly likes.
Enjoy your trip. My bro helps run that airport there. They have special guests in this week & they better treat u all well.
I am! I have some experience with Val and her work, & I can say that she is graceful and perceptive. I hope you will do it.
finally got a twitter. How grand.
Might be cause Berad is boring...
I think about her all the time. Even now, when I’m sitting here, I think about her. There could never have been another.
no problem :)
thanks so much the follow! I <3 Voss but don't treat myself to it enough :) Yay for social/environmental responsibility projects!
Anyone need tickets to shellac tonight?
Thot u was sick RT : Watching the sandlot this is one of my favorite movies forreal
Love it! I just sent out a constant contact message today!
Happy National sibling day! I have the best sibs! Jeremy, Tara, Tanji, Thristian and Tori!
U r welCUM!
Seriously thinking I have pink eye. Kinda makes me feel like I'm in grade school again. LOL!
:Happy Thursday all :)
where u at?
Thanks, girlfriend!
Really?! Was I the lifeguard? lol
As much as you love Zuck, forget him. Your real love is Ryan Holmes, or maybe Jack Dorsey. What will hubby Paul think? cc
The last few have been fascinating, the Amish continues excellent TV on I can make it to
Got a light switch, AND, got a mattress
There's packin heat, then there's packing heat with style. A new fashion trend in N. Texas. Check it out on CW33 News at 9.
How long will the #catnap be between #thevoice seasons?
thanks for tweeting about the Coach's Show! You Rock.
I dont know where my phone is. I NEED TO CHECK IN TO HEATHERS LAIR!
Seriously though, any speakers or topics you'd like to hear at an upcoming Rise+Design event? Let us know!
% of Americans who've heard of France's new president Francois Hollande = 3; % of Americans who've heard of Nicolas Sarkozy = 4.
the length of your URLs scare me
your album isn't available on amazon...unlike the rest of america im android. God ain't let itunes manifest in my life yet lol
all he does is link empty jargon to western science. Evidence for his claims? ZERO.
This is great! Is your carto online anywhere? I'd love to take a look.
#tk11 if you say people need to 'learn to learn' now what have they been doing their whole lives til now?
Ok #happyhour fans, what is your favorite Irish #toast?
I told you this alright, but i love you. iLove you in the morning, and in the after noon. iLove you, iLove you, i love you.
Thanks for the follow and thank God for the Flaming Lips!
Is thankful for all of the cool gear that we get to play with every day. What are you thankful for?
You fail Niall. But this is why we love you -AliPaige
Making Crepes & Nutella drinking Coffee <3
RT New Mexico: Facility focus: TV News: State's stage count spikes w/ addition of Santa Fe Studios -- State's sta... bit.ly/ona4hK
Why did call me last might?
Why do you like the 35 1.4 for the C300? Just curious. I have both. The 35 would look about like a 50 on the C300, right?
bro is earl free yet like some real shit
A new museum that makes science rock - GMA News
have you called him ? and i will il tell him , and where is that at ? i was gonna go 2 cameo
now i know i'm late, but Louisville didn't surprise me against Cincinnati. nor against Syracus, because thats how we played all year long.
I had a pretty great weekend. all I can say is Ily girl. Lol =p
that's gorgeous! Have fun in California. I will watch episodes of the OC in your honor.
Today is May the 3rd of year 2012 and I am on top of the world!! Thanks be to God, my family, and my man!
It's #humpday, do you know where your work week has gone?
The only race you have to win is the race against yourself.. So look within and push your own personal boundaries
Pentax is still a company?
But on a good note NO bad dreams, just sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
watching Adventure Time all Day till I decide to get a life&Go outside C:
damn he said we gotta be there Monday instead of Tuesday wtf i needed a day of rest
as they say in Japanese <U+30A2><U+30F3><U+30CB><U+306E><U+304A><U+304B><U+3052><U+3067>...thanks to Anne (^_-)-<U+2606> (don't ask me to translate japanese emoticons. I just guess)
maybe as a coach but as a player he wont. His min. salary is to much for the steelers cap room.
later this month sometime. We actually won't be able to come back for it.... Our schedules don't allow for it :(
Have you tried our any of our new teas such as: Holy Detox, African Summer, Cherry Tisane, Irish Breakfast or Phoenix?
Almost completely installed, all the Marimekko pieces are bright and lovely!
#SomeWhereOutThere is dude that's about to lose his virginity to the girl of his dreams...problem is, she'll forget all about him tomorrow
If Harry and Lily are really dating I doubt that their relationship would really last
RT : Congrats and good luck to all our #ARathletes in the #NFLdraft! We're proud of you, #Overdogs!
no not dis year its the pats an giants
I just read an short article on coaching mistakes and I completely agree. I never pull a kid out for making a mistake or 2.
you too Brandon !
- nah! he'll switch around a bit. just letting it flow
Enjoying a Spurs Game on this last night of my vacation. Two weeks of relaxation to end the year was pretty awesome. Now let's get a win!
Fantastic point. I'm thinking Jack, though.
Yes. Internt is back on, I can have a life again and fangirl! (:
Um everybody just ain't gon like u
Yes! I have actually been here a while, but not doing the Belltown thing. This is way more fun!
*promoted tweet* RT : the show is fantastic ma'am. Ppl bid on forfeited storage units. Don't judge a show by its title!!!
<< Exactly! Don't blink!
That's hotter than the green stuff...really-BH
" An ego hinders your ability to influence more than anything else under your control." — Michael McKinney... #check-it-at-the-door#
Are Georgetown and Lexington in the clear?
Making peanut butter better. 2 U-of-Oregon students create "Wild Squirrel Nut Butter",a fave of Next
told you Uncle Dave has connections!!!!
Very true Carl. Kudos to Carmelo and the Knicks on a huge game.
Scrubbing floors at the new Pine City Fire Department today. Happy to be busy this week.
Uh, yep, my first tweet : )
No question.
"Happy Birthday Kurt Cobain" If only you were still alive, then the crappy, weak, limp, unoriginal, over-rated Foo Fighters would be dead.
My life has been compromised by negativity,battered,beaten,stolen,erased,and emotionally I'm hurt but everyday I'm glad to be the smart one
Look what this Boy sent to his Grandma instead of his Girlfriend
thanks missy! I love female gaymers too
I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders. -Jewish proverb
I have changed the channel dude
The institution where I artistically grew
Over 50% of men by age 50 have male pattern hair loss.
The Pacers will win Game 1.
Thanks for everyone who came to our event in #Buffalo today with Very informative event!
so bored
where yo friend house at ? N on the 91 freeway
Hope mine drops by Dunkin' Donuts too RT : BREAKING: American Airlines Flight Makes Unscheduled Stop at ATM
or maybe a night of margaritas with the McMillins?
We are looking for .net developers! Email
I hope we're speaking of the same event, and that it didn't happen twice. I read about it last week.
Sent from my Verizon Wireless 4G LTE Smartphone. Dbl rainbow Middleton
bentwood wolfgang till we die if u hatin then go suck on a dick
: I could have came and got you on my motorcycle.... I got boots..
On my way to #aam2012 early in the a.m. See y'all there!
Lakers have a player on the team who will start a riot in a minute & he calls himself worldpeace -,- WTF is wrong with tht man?
I'd take a good old-fashioned snowstorm over this sweltering heat any day.
so glad it is finally friday!
I have the most amazing soulmate who is so incredibly good to me. Thanks for every kindness Michael. I love you.
This new deal sweeter den peach Ciroc.
90s wage growth meant you could 2x income in 30 years. With today's #wagegrowth, it would take 300 years. Janice Eberly
RT : I'm thinking we hit up for lunch. I'm not afraid to #WienerUp in the middle of the day.
u just happen to choose the 3 best players in the world lol.. But in 3v3 I do agree
Followed! to follow shortly as well! #GoBuckeyes nice INT yesterday, Howard.
Web Tip of the Day: Social media is useless if you have nothing to say.
Christmas lights bonus for Westbrook kids - The Daily Post Christmas lights bonus for Westbrook kids The Daily Post Westbrook School will
Just met at the Falls Church Farmers Market today, and seriously considering an Alaskan salmon share for Sept 2012.
it should be clear now that Bynum doesn't want to be here. Pau no longer is fighting to stay either.
You cant imagine how much fun Im not having
A phone with no camera is just a tragedy
Hello baby
Show tonight at RockBar in Nashville, TN!! Come kick it with us!!!
We are so pumped to have follow us.
Im surprised i don't take pills in my sleep<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I want Justin bieber in the middle of the cove not stupid one direction
Sundays have been our wedding workday for the last year and a half... what are we to do in 19 more days? :)
I hate u
Tomorrow is gonna be hell.
House Environmental Matters votes out amended form of Senate's ethics bill.
Obama visits Los Angeles 20 cookbooks we should free after Obama in recession as Chinese airport hires
What a blast of a concert last night given by in Panama City, FL! Standing ovation!
Repo: the Genetic Opera... Rocky Horror-style! Also, Anthony Stewart Head is here...awesomeness.
ya u do if u didnt u wouldnt bee defendin ''u dont care''
I hate that I can fall asleep easy everywhere but my bed .
I miss Victoria 's tweets man!!!! :(
hey it looks awesome!
I love LA, but I fucking hate burbank.
what's ye pin
ICM crowd: have a copy of 's book , please check the signatures. If it is made out to me, I would LOVE to get it back.
Loved seeing you on Bill Maher this week!
Richard Brinsley Sheridan~ He is indebted to his memory for his jests and to his imagination for his facts.
cheer up don't worry about drama yolo!
Hungry aafpg!!!(as a fat pregnant girl)
I just looked over my left shoulder and saw Kim Granatell going to .
Thank you, kind friend of mine!!
Did #sopablackout start early? I wondered. psyche -- just more chrome dns failure
when are you going live? or if are you going live for the challenge?
Hollywood Alley tomorrow, come by for a drink and welcome back Mark to his first show since becoming a Daddy, show starts at 9, early...
talk to you more ;) and its fun! lol
Thank you for following as well!
The SECRET CONFERENCE MEETING went well, but Larry Scott lost a contact, leading to several hilarious misunderstandings.
You seriously dont understand anythingg...it doesnt have anything to do with you
Just got done having a mud fight. Cant believe im as girly as i am and had a mud war with the besties!!!
royal plush!!!!
sweet have a great show!!
Nice.. Wanna come on pds? XD
Live right, save sight! - Plan time for exercise during the holidays.
Wait . so the ICONic Boyz & Vinny are coming to Chicago in September & august?
uh its saturday....uh because nuccas aint real....uh shit, just because
The charity photo shoot I do today with Michael was really great
JMFJ!!!!!!! Announcing to the crowd at Michigan/Wacker that USA won
LOVE IT!!! You are truly living "Your Life..Your Purpose!"
i dont think i ever been this angry in my life jus pure hatred!! dont like the feeling @ all
Labor almost always able2 drastically reduce 4crisis,not perm. Corps stopped givng a fk.
& he still hasnt texted me since, no type of explaination.
where have you been. 0_o
MT : 2 F-16s intercepted general-aviation plane that violated airspace restrictions as President Obama left LA this morning
and I thought my friday night was going to be boring. So excited for
you're welcome!
Lol thats what i think too!!:) whats the point of twitter?
#IfIWasPresident march 1st would be a national holiday and beliebers would all get off school for that & all other bieber related functions
Thank you for letting us know! Luckily, we are currently offering free shipping at www.Clear2O.com!
i flip that middle finger up and the index finger follow. duecez. <U+270C>
Thanks for confirming I'm not crazy. Glad I'm not the only one!
this could be interesting
Remember you are blessed.Some have it way worse than you do.Peace Love Respect . Enjoy life.
Day TWO of Joe's ride to raise funds from Creative Arts Camp! Thanks, Joe!
haha I love you Trace!!
I just got tickled by my 5 year old cousine!
1 more hour
My Name Has A Meaning.,!
aw shit im at.wrk ima get up wit u next time
Missed you too Mikey!
So is it a bad sign that I watched the saxeT spring game to "scout" for OU/TX in 7 mos?
Say, where do those steps lead to?
Argee pretending to give birth > LOL
it's scary how fast this year went .
Why would you name a group Travis Porter when it sounds like only one person is in it? That ain't right. -.-
In Cape, tired. Don't really feel like dealing with my family today.
RT Loyalty is all I know..
Everything is up and running at today's "Church Choral Music Reading Session" and our "Organist Only" reading session. M...Doughnuts?
40th & 8th ill meet you at the corner then
S/O to my new follower #TeamFollowBack!
Cant my phone is broken. Its 9193496597
Think I'm shutting off the phone and getting sum much needed rest....
Sitting in my car outside U of I's shadiest apartments with the music on loud. Yeah, I'm THAT person.
What makes you think you can get this girl& all of a sudden get naughty. u should have to touch her heart& mind 1st before u touch her body.
sounds like fun! And for a great cause
Totally, I'm super down to go!! Hopefully HOB SD will happen soon...sigh...why jackson! I coulda been your baby momma...why...lmao
make two dreams come true but following me nd 44
Yay trip done and home for weekend!!!
Tip 3: Wealth - Wealth isn't something that is necessarily within the reach of most but the perception of wealth is.
thanks for following me Drake!!
hahahaha sadly no not today maybe friday tho!
My mom is well my daughters well so that means I am well, I'm back to tweeting bitches
aye dont forget my ipod hoe!
FYI World: is and will be more successful than you can understand. If you know him, consider yourself lucky.
Just had an amazing meeting!!!! #can'twait !!!! So many great things happening in the next few months!
Will do! What did you think of the film?
I need a haircut!
Have a good show, lady!
OPB radio coverage is no more. American roots my a**
Thanks, Michael. I enjoyed your piece on how you became MR Editor. Take care, and hope your work is going equally swimmingly.
Dont stand me up just ...tell me you dont wanna go with me anymore....
Two men, one rash.
ight imma check It out thanks
I've never been to the Tour de France but I did see a crackhead on a 10 speed crash into a tree at 20 Mph in Tompkins Square Park.
RT "Photography takes an instant out of time, altering life by holding it still." Dorothea Lange
The Zohar book is a powerful tool for protection from physical illness and danger in all forms.
i geuss ;P
Happy Holidays to you as well!
agreed - more inspired and feeling supported than I have in so long!
Thank you for sharing our posts!
Fabulous dinner last night ! Bone marrow app was a hit w/our marrow newbie peeps. Night cap after #AdamCarolla was perfect!
so got any tips on getting my golfer boyfriend interested in yoga? my teacher is awesome, helped other golfers. but BF just scoffs
thanks for the follow
pretty good! :) I just woke up hahah :)) what are you up to?
This is what we had to wear for the skit.... Yes. I am sponge bob and i am proud of it. ://t.co/KBMv4gIX
#GiambattistaVico #MarcelDanesi it gets kinda tedious...
I can relate to #turntoyou so much. it's definitely bringing tears to my eyes<3
Lots of great local design information & inspiration from you and your daily online #DCDesign paper. TY & Cheers! :)
Tech & Soc Wk 5: 12% of Medicare payments pay for services during the last month of an average patient's life.
It WON'T STOP RAINING
Follow Follow Follow Follow Follow Me !! I Will Follow Back
Horchata, leave it to the Mexican's to invent leftover Cinnamon Toast Crunch milk before Cinnamon Toast Crunch existed.
If you take my tweets seriously, I feel sorry for you.
Today is the most frustrating day I've had in a long time. So glad I'm not full of rage anymore, or this could be bad.
excited to have you in our space!!!!
Oops. Forgot you were 20 now. Whatevs.
But Toby is still top of the list right?
": I saw a fat lady with a "M.O.B." tattoo on her arm. I asked "money over b*tches?" She said "No, McDonalds over Burger King.""
Happy New Year Twitter family Want cheaper bills each month,and money back for paying those bill?Then you must! http:/www.5linx.net/L480387
It just came to me that I get to go to Amoeba this week! Yes!
When im on my knees... It is not to pray.
man the punk ass police fuck up 55 day
Dave- watched your call of that game at least 10 times! You are now a permanent resident of Cooperstown!
Good night people in the east of America sweet dreams =D
RT : Please introduce yourself and tell us what Chapter you're from!
Seriously. Loosing that hour feels like i lost an entire week..of sleep
If A female is alreadi mad..den u bash her...Do u think her Attitude is bout to change?
The 1st step: acknowledging truth. Flip flops aren't real shoes. Lol
Heaven is a hashpipe
just finishing; Lewis explains well the idiocy and dishonesty behind the catastrophe
LORD?! looks like a PRINCE HAHA! get it
0% of Waukesha County is reporting...I am shocked
i don't follow, are you stating less is more? 12 columns or go home?
"Always do something interesting and engaging, and they'll talk" - of
Christans, stop hiding behind the Word of God! Come out and show your face and embrace! Its your heart that will show them Jesus
HAHAHA. sweat lady? oh my.
Happy birthday Khudobin!
Had a wonderful time at today's Annie's List luncheon, and am now out blockwalking before visiting the Irving NAACP meeting.
Happy Birthday to Princess_Booker, Jah Bless!
Just spent 30mins playing deer hunter on my ipad... I blame you
Worked with prom..
lmao and u just had to put this on twitter
granted, that's very pie in the sky, but whatever. they'll still do fine.
my mom didnt wake me up!!!! now im late for school!!!
#cardcont - Level of detail = bias by the back door, driven by economics and the evil market -
Well spoken
Would you be interested in doing a short write-up on the 9th District race & the recent forums for our blog?
Interesting to watch Keith Olbermann trying really hard not to be a dick on "This Week."
will be my 4th (or 5th cant recall) highedweb come october. Finally submitted a proposal. Interesting topic be sure to see url
Ratatat is such a chill band
we love.
oh thanks that explains a lot lol -_-
Hope to have any of your group that wants to come out and spread the love of Ultimate!
u can tweet but not photoshop?
Want a #nudist discount vacation 2 nights $200 Caliente Resorts
I miss you too!!! I'm guessing your not going to the Chicago show on Wednesday ?
Against my better advice, you've gone and elected me to the ALCTS CMS Executive Committee. Or that's what my email says.
OR Eddie The Greek-Shaved Strip loin, Lettuce, Tomato, Feta Cheese, Kalamata Olives and Tzatziki Sauce Wrapped in Naan Bread
done with day 2 of standing desk….harder than day 1
Yes, Planning is underway for #webdev12. And you are invited.
God morning my beautiful bab
woooot RT : Starting homework at midnight. Spent the day playing #Fifa12 with my boys. So worth it haha
Ahaha! I love it! :]
wonderful #IoT infographic! I'll be presenting on market frameworks for the Internet of Things at #TPRC this year :).
IT'S GOING DWN TNGHT @ FAST EDDIES EMBASSY OAKS, W/DJ TRINI B. 10-2 $5 COVER W/FREE POOL, $1 WELLS, $2 CALLS, $3 PREMIUMS, ALL NIGHT LONG!!!
It's worth trying again. There are new, more developer-friendly people in charge of rubygems since this summer.
The Hunger Games is so much better the second time around.
Yeap and rumor has it he ate the Light Weight Title!
Don't know a ton about OEM at the moment, but I will scare up some resources.
Party bus anyone for Brad? 25 bucks! Need like ten more people!
awesome! How bout you? What time is it there?
Look, is it just me or Jelena always "break up" before award shows? Let's just wait till Sunday. Maybe they're still together.
TY so much for the shout-out! :)
There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning!
im going through it right now. hardest thing ever.
Working on the top films of 2011 list. Which is your favorite of the year?
Finally, something goes right! It's a sign!
No! Was it Stuart Smalley-esque? RT : Did you see my message on your mirror in the dressing room?
Hypocritical much?..
Doug Kalitta and Ron Capps opened the 2009 Full Throttle Drag Racing Series season with wins in Funny Car...
Just spoke to Vince Sweeney from the UW. He says he wasn't suprised that people defended Chadima in this latest report.
I usually listen to Chelsea Grin on occasion, but Lilith sounds like something i'd wanna listen to everyday!
I Drunk Better when I text!
“: Holiday Bowl: The Longhorns athletic dept budget ($136.8M) is more than twice that of Cal ($64.3M).” yep
how much shit does a person need
Who is this Matt Moore kid?!
I'm pro-Booze at Baby Showers. Shots? No. Full Bar? No. Wine and/or Mimosas - good for mama-to-be and her pals :)
My honore Thank you
I’m not the only one who can’t tell the difference between the Path and Pinterest logos, right?
i dont know
repeat RT: Dear God, plz protect my liver, life savings, & dignity this wknd. Also, plz help me not die. Amen.
SNAP (Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program) and WIC (Women, Infants, and Children) programs. Adressing Food Insecurity in the US.
The fact that we have hot chocolate in the kitchen now means I will absolutely be making DIY Dunkaccinos every morning.
Epsom soak, hot tub and ice cold pool. Step 1 of my daily prep for #brewersfantasycamp is complete. Off to the stadium.
Can't say I know of any other published sources...
noo i wrote alot of it during study hall i only have to finish writing part of my 4th body paragraph and the conclusion
I agree -- AK is spectacular in the summer months. All that daylight, teeming with beauty and wildlife.
Ready for #Bedlam baseball tonight at #GoPokes!!!
#EPIC #FAIL RT We took new guy to magic market. He embarrassed us by asking for a diet coke and then ordering a water...
Turn my bones to sand.
You got out pretty fast lol.
Just finished my concert in Marciac,France,with Kirk Lightsey,Dwayne Burno and Victor Lewis-BIG fun!!
I used to favor big, clunky shoes hoping people would notice them and not my big, clunky feet.
Everything I've said in the past 24 hours has been unintentionally horrifying/hilarious. Wordsmith, y'all.
can u follow me plzz
This sunday! Relive all of the magical moments of CMA fest right from the comfort of your own couch "Country's Night To Rock" on ABC!!!!
TIL i have a japanese geert hofstede power distance. time to get austrian up in here.
If you get that burning/warm feeling in your stomach when you think about success in a certain realm, its your passion. Never ignore it.
Damn Bettimet would have scored...
Doritos ad could be 1 of this year's best. If you need an ad expert 4 pre or post-game review, consider talking w/ again
Setting' the tent up at the entrance to Frontiere Field today.. say hi on your way in!!
LIFE WOULD B LIFE IF DER WASN'T OBSTACLES
Definitely! Hope all is well with you. How 'bout we chat later this week? DM me a few times that work for u. :)
If you aren't watching The Announcement on ESPN, make sure you catch replay.
my dad always tags me in pictures of my baby sister on facebook. like why..
sideways it sorta looks like a fish :-)
YES!! It’s Friday. Need we say more?
starting 3rd place today man i hope you win go kenny go get em
you coming to the gold coast film fest saturday?
valentine's week - are you heart ready? Tip: find a brighton store near you -
would definitely be the same warranty... As far as the apple store goes, not sure. But definitely get a Mac!! You will love it
Obama: "Can I mention again that I got Bin Laden? Because I totally did. Just, you know, FYI."
my Mom put as her staus " i'm Watching my Son-in-Law on ABDC Nick" i was like *Fangirling* :)ILYShawty<3
#bandsilove System Of A Down.
Giving Thanks for the RTs!
Bro you a bum
Obama makes jokes about eating dog, about Romney's wealth, about Romney's dog, about a secret 2nd-term agenda (win war on Christmas).
Thank you Emma Silverman!! You rock sister! Thank you for your love and support!
Thank you for the mention! Have a great weekend!
This weekend was a good one. And to end it I'm watching my fav housewives! #RHONJ Jacqueline, & Kathy : )
Looks like I'm cooking pot roast on Tuesday according to my older brother. All are welcome.
Throwing Candy for 's avatar
how have u been
Your favorite fish fry location in #MKE: or ?
At TIA waiting to board plane to ATL. Triple mocha doesn't balance getting up at 4:45am. *yawn*
"There's a great power in words, if you don't hitch too many of them together."
Black funk. One of those weekends where I made a horse's ass out of myself so many times I should have just dressed up as one.
I love the super bowl! It's like thanksgiving. The house is starting to smell of great food! What are you doing today?
Thanks much for the RTs
There's only been like five episodes out, i've only missed one.. thanks to my dang DVR. :( but you must see them!
#YouGettinPunchedIf take my headphones off.
Not really, except for the statuses.
Looking forward to tasting the new menu items at 's happy hour tomorrow night!
Madonna is 'not a person you warm to', says Hugo Vickers, the historian who advised on her film, W.E. 10 Jun 2011......
Trying to figure out how to shoot video on my Canon Rebel. Tonight, it's join down...and all in the name of
Good lift ta day ma arms feel great #NO SLEEP
Good morning! I need lots of coffee today!!
Five points to Gryffindor. “: Indiana Farm Bureau Insurance?”
Guess I'm not going over there to watch the game
The Dickies and Fear.
I find it strange that we go to great efforts to track and categorize approved runtime env. @ work, but then ignore the web browsers.
innovation is meeting a need based on the tools in front of you. Great example of soccer ball - one's trash another's recycling
<U+2764> Happy Valentines Day ! <U+2764> <U+FB62>
Trunk Show- Saturday, October 22- Joseph Abboud Apparel & Daniel Dolce dress shirts and cuff links
More on mystery aircraft? Hurrah!
help me out and spread the word!
thanks for your support girl! Us Beliebers have to stick together :)
“Success is not a destination thing, it’s a daily thing.”– John Maxwell
Chris Tomlin performing live on 268generation. Singing world Great is our God!!
#imagine Liam: i don't want you to go. you: i need to. Liam: but what if i never let you go ? you: then i'll lay in your arms forever
Thanks for the follow!!
I look like a moron in my picture... BUT it makes me laugh soo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
hey... This girl does
I absolutely love it, but its like being on the opposite schedule of when I was in school. Now my summers are the busy time.
RT : So excited to be on your show this morning with
Congratulations and good luck finishing up!
Things are good. I escaped the monkey cage I've been recently and am now a recovering ambitious Admiral ;) Coming north soon!
-- so tired today. Need to go grocery shopping. Blah
We Republicans need to defeat the celebrity candidate Obama. Let's all pledge to go out and win one for the Gipper.
please follow back??:)
I'm dedicated to my family, Friends, Music and the creation of the
TM #Tip: Stop interrupting yourself! Think about it - how often are your work days self-interrupted?
Library (and other) web folks. We want to use CMS for our site. We're looking into WordPress, Drupal and Joomla. What do you use/recommend?
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
please call me, let em ease ya mind
That's also exactly what I do when I'm procrastinating writing anything.
One year anniversary arriving in the Emerald City.
Oh no! I hope you're feeling better.
Good night gorgeous people!!!!! :*
School will bore u if u have 2 much work
"Mom, I got you & my sister a great christmas present!" "Perri, it better not have ears and a wagging tail"... Guess a puppy is out this yr
Just got a great call from thanks for the love and for the words of wisdom.
I've never smelled a fart I didn't like.
I'm glad nothing else happened. Did some one hit u
"others are not responsible for your happiness, you are"
Don't forget to "Like" us on Facebook this week for a chance to win 2 tix to 3/29 SD Lady Gaga concert! We’ll be drawing a winner on Monday.
thanks for following! I see we have a lot in common. I work for shoes too!
Yal can say what yal want, but the Music on those Pokemon video games back in the day was AMAZING!!!
Your outer world is a direct reflection of ur inner world. A tree is always known by its fruit.
Fun times are coming!
I am not justifying their business model. I am complaining about an article steeped in that sense if entitlement.
for reals! I assumed it was a skate shop b/c it looks extreme.
mother's day is over. you may now request sandwhiches again. :)
Woo hoo -- it's Festival of Lights, baby! Tonight 6-9pm in downtown GSO. www.festivaloflightsgso.org. Be there or be square!
Avengers was dope by the way... But I wouldn't spend the extra money on 3D though.
Ironman or Hulk? Who cares they both suck
Nice game! RT :
IMMATURE: a word boring people use to describe fun people. ~daily quote by Childish
took your boy to some classy places tonight
Excuss me while I go cry into my pillow until I fall asleep.
RT : This is the Madame Tussaud preview of the new Beach Boys exhibit, right?
It doesn't burn anymore~! #vodkasavestheday # tattoo
#np Oxford Comma-Vampire Weekend.
Forgot how much I love cream cheese crackers.
Me too RT": Im fuking sick"
want to keep up with everything going down at Cannes? Check out cannescentrale.com or download the iPhone app.
ChristI - this time she blogged prudent puerile
lol its all good. and thats pretty cool, i never heard about them and I wouldnt mind winning 2 houses :)
Today at our event we're learning about building your platform w/ (social media maven) &
Cool. I hope he gets his payday.
Nice.. looks good buddy....
EXACTLY!!! Weaves are for every race tho.
I did. Trying to figure out how to write about it
Thanks for following !
Thank you. i have no idea what I'd do without you. <3
And my hands hate me.
I feel bad cuz I'm not getting on twitter as much. [•_•]
We are all halves looking to be whole
Dis dike bitch tricia just called me a PM head
won't load. What did people do before ?
Is it too much to ask to hold off the UVa football stories until after the UVa bball season?
I'm tweeting that I need someone to love
i hate the new youtube :[
Happy Monday! Please join us at www.knowledgesafari.com Connect.Discover.Share with others!
Thanks for coming out! Hope you had fun!
Sounds like my Cinco de Mayo :)
it won't let me watch!
run down the street like a mad person and if anyone asks claim your lindsay lohan.. thats what i'd do anyways
Happier Hour Soon!
On #MothersDay pause to say a prayer for all those who would be #mothers but for the horror of
I guess the bike thief spoke too soon. (In regards to being caught.)
Tonight we are listening to the original Orson Welles radio broadcast of WAR OF THE WORLDS. Thoughts to come at
rolled into Clark street ale house and dead milkmen came on. Philly in the house
Cool. This week is a little crazy. It mad shows and events I gotta hit. Next week should be better
Sydney Harris~ When I hear somebody sigh Life is hard I am always tempted to ask Compared to what
oh sorry haha I meant her .
google+ pages are a great tool for bloggers: circle sharing, seo, photos, videos, Hangouts, ripples, etc.
If you love someone you better prove it Because love is not a noun to be defind But a verb to be acted upon<U+2665>
Ive had about 10 accounts not order today. Funny thing is, they ALL asked me to bring them something. Neons, Coasters,Shirts,Cups etc.
:: tying flies w/ a waning fever for Del. trip...sickness will not stop me, but flies look rather ill.
2007 Microsoft buys Avenue A for $6 Billion 2009 Publicis buys Razorfish (the heart of Avenue A) from Microsoft for $.5 Billion
Keenly interested in their "amazing simplicity."
"No is not an answer. Its a challenge to your perseverance!"—Delano Johnson (Talented&Broke NOV26)
i got my ib shirt on. im READY (:
Social media has changed the world.. Significantly..,
me too...its like a month since ive seen you and thats not fair!
#GreatestAlbumsOfAlltime Whitney Houston (self-titled) 1985 <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
They're gypsies. Really.
hermit week for sure
Some people always gonna be stuck in their same old ways that set them back..
Once was enough for me!
I like that one too, not seen it in while either
that would be great!
A great summer read is Pearl of China esp if you have read The Good Earth! Recomm'd by NPR also.
no more rum... but y the rum
Romney + Obama should debate using the universal language of music via that contraption Dick Van Dyke wore in Mary Poppins
You were missed on Tuesday. Hope all is well with you.
cause you have too much swag for
I haven't watched yet! Edit your tweets carefully. E.
oh. OK. I thought perhaps they endorsed Beelzebub for the GOP.
Browns players who call it the "dog pound" instead of the "dawg pound" piss me off. kno and respect the tradition god damn it
shit at this NIGGA Jeff crib wit P bout to turn up n grab this bottle u slidin ova here tonight ?
Im tellin ya. Girls night. Next weekend. Ill be in ATL this weekend :(
Zimmerman's lawyer and friends are starting to trash Trayvon Martin now. We've landed into "blame the victim" territory.
Big thanks to for teaching me am entire trig unit in 15 minutes <3
We apologize for not getting with you sooner.
what a gaylord
Sounds good! Where you at?
come back desperate house wives imy!
is gay! he went for a reach around! o:
What fantastic ideas for differentiating prof learning. I'd love to learn more about each. Consider writing about it on #educoach blog
At Startup grind meetup with
WOW terrible hacking from me. Thanks for your warning. taken steps not sure it's enough.
No problem
let all that i am praise the Lord; with my whole heart i will praise His holy name -psalm 103:1
I'll love you like no other guy can. I'll treat you like a princess. I'll show you off to the world. I'll hold you close. You'll be mine.
Fountain of youth is in....
I don't say it enough.... my family is awesome....
I feel like it should just be "Pedi" so when ppl ask "is it a Pedicab co or a Pedicure Co you'd be like, both!" And then: gasp.
He done the heart x
You and a bunch of other fans/experts
that you sir, just wanted to say hello because I always will recall ur name around my house as a child ! Good talking with you!!!
You have what it takes.
then I need to be concerned too - but I do it in front of the models. Eep!
i bet! i was so mad i missed it
RT : Also: GOP Rep. Gottwalt, who sits in back of House chamber near crowd, brought ear plugs for today's session.
LEAVE ME ALONE. I'M ONLINE SHOPPING!!!!
Hold on to your heart now honey, don't think for second that you've figured me out.
It's gonna take the man in me to conquer this insanity
I wish I came out the closet when I was in high school so I still wouldn't to have see the surprise on ppls faces as an adult..
Hey! I had an in your honor! haha RT : 1. Thanks for the invite 2. ENJOY! 3. THANKS FOR THE INVITE ;)
Ok then ill ask(:
thanks for the shout!
Oops according to the interwebs and the twitterverse I was wrong in my last tweet - Coca Cola has not bought GTs Kombucha yet
no those are Amish people and they don't watch it cause they don't have a tv
but there is nothing to go half on.. like the car? She never said she needed help, she always said she got it & didn't care
whats good twit game? anyone wanna pregame tonight for tomorrow? after all its almost
You can invest in the Stock Market and gamble or you can "Invest in Yourself" and control your Return! It pays dividends the rest of your l…
re: redline train holding at Dupont for train behind us (?!) pls use real minutes to estimate when we'll be moving. Not "momentarily"
Welcome to #cni12s! Registration opens at 11, Chesapeake Gallery. First time @ CNI? Come to Cliff's orientation @ 11:30, Harborview BR
Twitter is like an eating flesh. Once started it will eat you alive at the end, like the Chagrin skin. Can you oppose this? It worth it!
Happy New Years!
thanks darling :) ugh this stuff is so confusing! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
What are you looking forward to this week?
Lucky #400 is ! Congratulations, you win this tweet.
Fagin: Must adopt high degree of skepticism but low degree of cynicism and realign relationship with audience.
That's allowed, right??
gonna be a crazy day!
Happy New Year to you, too!
Way late reply, but I have it.
then she is clearly missing out!
Just pre-ordered the Uncle Tupelo vinyl reissues, 7" box set & a t-shirt.
RT : I had the best massage ever tonight .. shout out to Jackie in GSO .. amazing
is that every clouds dream?
I don't like pvps much .. bet you couldn't guess.. lol
Real niggas who put they dick in without a condom YOLO :)
We love asses! RT Alright yall, tonight's the last show of the Spring! Get your asses to ! 930 pm.
my page is dead. i need follows
Just got back from the hair salon My hair feels so soft
haha witch one?!
pretty interesting talk don't you think? I'm at daystage now
i should really do my hw
your answer is yes I'm working on twitters new reality TV show produced by FMG TV I see your work was that all done in Spain?
getting all riled up for a summertime tour
hhaha u just got Arianafied! Good One!
hope your crew is having a great holiday weekend! :)
Some people never realize the extent of the pain they've caused you. they're too selfish to see. you deserve better.. stay strong
Well, on behalf of you, and , I'll go to work on a Red Sox iPad app immediately. And I'm not kidding!
all we got is memories so what the fuck is time
it's moved to continue development under the apache foundation. So people can install the tech locally
Listening to #Cinderella - #LongColdWinter for the fist time in years. Love that album!! Reminds me of a simpler time...
FINAL: No. 1 seed Spalding University defeats No. 5 Southern Virginia 4-2; Golden Eagles advance to #USCAASCWS semis tomorrow at 2pm.
will keep you in mind 4 speaking referrals in the future.
85% The Hunger Games Thrilling and superbly acted, The Hunger Games captures the dramatic violence, raw emotion, and ambitious scope of i
There *has* to be a better way to do online faculty governance than this. To think that ALA Council runs more efficiently. *sigh*
is turning over a new leaf. a new lunch leaf.
hell yea
going to be super super early tonight :D haha makes us for only getting 4 hours of sleep last night!
How did I read the stars so wrong?
oh cuz we all got called not to go but she didn't get a call haha, text David give him her #
I want Too High and DooF to be liberated this summer. I guess it's not a liberation if it's never been played though!
Bumped into 2 other dads I know today buying NHL stickers in my town. I know that must make happy!
Last SONG!!! WHAT A WEEKEND!!! #Texas here I come!!
Not very nice weather today, but at least the cool temps are good for all you marchers out there! Hope you have great shows this weekend!
Well I didn't do like any of my English work
Thanks for the hookup!!! I LOVE #swagbucks!
I think leadership comes from integrity <U+FFFD> that you do whatever you ask others to do
Interesting Target Field will become 100% smoke free. As a non-smoker, not an issue, but I don't see a problem with one designated area
The world didn't end on 5-21-2011 so I guess it's back to work on Monday.........
I wanna shower but my cousin is outside playing and my instincts say BITCH if that were your kid you wouldn't do it!
Having your crap team down 3-0 in the playoffs is like driving to work knowing you're getting fired!
Hedo you gone learn today
This is gonna be a great day for doing NOTHING!
Looking forward to it!
looking' good Robin!!
im done now
I knew my heart couldn't handle this. Then again, I'm surprised it managed this long.
hahah I know
No doubt, Terps have the best bench celebration of any team sport. Period.
ha ha, yes. That would take some extreme peddle power to reach you. Come visit when you have a chance!
Is it possible to make a million dollars in a day?
Thinking of you at #6chestnuthillstore. Wish I could be there.
I love seeing all your tweets! Don't listen to the nutsos that follow you and then don't want to read what you say!
Thanks so much - Rock on! :)
love u! Is a honor for me to share a stage with you xoxo
Idk why I'm so tired...It might just be the weather. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Yep. I just changed my password. Sorry.
Of course they give Kobe the ball...
Is it April 17th yet? New Schedule D reporting has been the bain of the season. All brokerage reporting not equal. Can you spell extension?
follow back Bro?
Three runs and a fifth inning which was completely saved from the garbage heap by the defense?
Beautiful day for some baseball. Go Nats?
dang! stupid commercials!
: I recuse myself of this thread. Getting too real up in here.
Between Bynum and Gasol the Lakers have collected all the rebounds in the world.
I don't wanna be a freshman next year. Ohh well.
i miss you so much. but i still love and support you tho :)
#fridayreads Long Walk to Freedom (Nelson Mandela)
Blueberry Muffins<3
Dream of tomorrow, live today
What's with Ray missing FT's in this series?!
and now i just LIKED /sharknife, woo
Newsweek, congrats. You will never, ever be seen in my household again. That cover is offensive on every level.
Thought that a Highest-&-best use when I bought them-though given for culinary pleasure alone.
ok sounds good! i'm just gonna look around tweet some people and see if i can find out :) :)
yes that course was pretty fast. Came in a minute under my stretch goal time, so I was happy with that!
Wow, costly RT : Pretty bad deal for Jonathan Vilma. For offering a $10,000 bounty on Warner & Favre, he will lose $2.6 million
Omw to work blasting my man mixtape!! <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+008A>
Todd haley's beard.
or maybe i should call a lil later, ppl prolly still in church.
OnRamp is mindful of Air Quality Awareness Week (April 30 – May 4). 100% renewable energy means less emissions to power our
I might be, but I can't guarantee that I will.
Won lacrosse game!<3
success is the best revenge <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
well, im glad to be getting people who agree with me && not little girls attacking me. lol.
Beyonce deffo singin to track. The "mics" & all-white "horns" & all-girl section is "playin" shows she has a sense of humor about it.
Do not fear we didn't have to leave school I mean the ceiling could have calapsed but
NO I GOT SWITCHED TO NEW TWITTER!
Client (JB) wants to know what color we should have on the walls for the 'Archive Room.' Vetting furniture and carpet. Feeling spoiled.
It's another one of those eerily beautiful days in Hampden, come in, grab a burger and a salad and sit out front and enjoy it in the sun!
For sure, especially since you live in Milwaukee! Now I just need to get to move back here (miss you, Guldan!).
Tonight we are young. So we'll set the world on fire. We can burn brighter than the sun.
That missed call hurt us there.
It took you a month to answer me. Now, you want me to answer you quickly in one day. Wrong Negro!
Arik Cannon pins Erick Stevens with a sunset flip.
"We are an urban school district- this cannot be ignored!" Nichelle Nichols, Madison School Board candidate at noon Rotary
As much of a chicken shit as I am, I am so curious about ghosts and stuff like that.
Thanks! It's amazing what can make cookies stick
Barbara! Can you give me some advice for a wine newbie? Thanks! ;)
During the Middle Ages, probably one of the biggest mistakes was not putting on your armor because you were 'just going down to
I feel like we are cory and topanga..especially in that episode when topanga moves from Philadelphia to Pittsburgh
Twilight saga beats inception, social network, and black Swan at #mtvmovieawards... Best movie!! Justice has been served!!!!
So beautiful. :)
Your date can read beneath your act subconsciously, so be authentic.
#sloancres What was the URL and code for the membership?
i love clothes. and benedryl.
If you haven't listened to Fang Island lately you should probably go ahead and do that. You're welcome.
thank you :D if you like it, please tweet about us :)
this just turns my world upside down...I'm Orlando & not Seattle?!? Don't know if I can handle this...
I love my Kindle. My only complaint is that it's not a touch screen...but now it is!
Not much to say about our motel today in Sanderson, TX, so no blog post. Fingers crossed as we leave this morning for Marathon
Gorgeous women that rock tims with booty shorts. >>>>>>>
*exits TL* Ion Wanna Hear About You Bitches && 106 && Park..
Happy Valentines Day Nick I love you !
my bestfriend gave me the best advise..
I might get to make use of my #lis403 evaluation skills on the job; I didn't always like that class, yet I am excited about that. Huh...
Kick off your weekend here at Outwrite with 10/20/30 % Off SALE BIG Double Punch Drink of the Day is our German Chocolate Mocha
Need a dj for your upcoming event? Need promo or marketing help? We can help!!! Join us on facebook too !!
Club level at the game!
Also, a group of kids running around LC card catalog stacks yelling "deep, dark secrets!" These conspiracists get cuter every day.
Yes, we live in the Bay Area. I love their salsa.
chris said its Sworn In, Every Passing Dream and Perables
Wise choice.
#GTL gotta love Jersey Shore!
can you make the Boyz do their SWEETEST FACIAL EXPRESSION?^.^ please???3
I'll be sure to pass it along!
Does BG sponsor this event or something? I can't figure out why there are so many tweets about it from a vacation org...?
Everyone morning I wake up and request Don't Be Shy by on Radio Disney a many times as I can before I have to leave!
Where art thou, Kevin?
Each word went through one ear and out the other <U+E403>
At least there was no dead mouse in your food.
All of life is real. There are no moments that are more real than others
No interviews from the Pats. #weak 3 time SB winner #TB12 has nothing nothing to hide from
www.soundcloud.com/evandstel Check it out ,talented rap duo Ev & Stel ..Support good music and let us know what you think!
Just let me know when. Will there be an escalator at your event? That could persuade me.
Bill gate the science guy has nothing on our molecular drinks !!
Someone get me out of here tonight before I get myself in trouble...
hottest men ever !!!!
#4. Pistachio and Mustache share a common 'tache' root. Both rhyme with cash. Hmm, <<enter equation here>>, EUREKA! I AM RICH BEYOND WEALTHY
we love you too. we dont just love Dylan<U+2764>
Are you familiar with Figueroa/Sunset area? Thats where my grandparents lived. Grandpa still does. A lot has changed there.
what up, G?
speaking of stealin, your terrarium is still here at PCA and it's tempting me!
has a Toronto review ever gone in Kings favor?
this is the best photo of you. ever. EVER.
Sick of the same shit all the time.
Aight, we in our seats, the roof is open, time to get this game started. GO REDSKINS!!!!!!
Getting familiar with Twitter.
You're missing the point. The whole idea is to harass black dudes. DUH! That's NYC policy since Giuliani.
I'm taking the day off...wow, deja vu ;-)
haha I'm actually at right now.
Thank you my dear Antonio!!! Merry Christmas!! :D
As far as playoffs atmosphere is concerned, the white-outs never look good on TV; they look cheap & boring. Teams need to add color!
Not everyone thinks so. It's sad. RT Being happy and being successful are two different things.
like seriously in the beginning of the year he made us write down our adress,phone number,email address on a card and give it to hm
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.
I am about to devour this in front of me.
Gotta love it when takes to twitter to vent.
had an awesome Christmas, plus i got to hang out with the most awesomest person everr, :D
George Mason~ To disarm the people... was the best and most effectual way to enslave them.
Come on out to the #savektru tailgate before the football game, noon to 2 pm!!
a lot of people including myself did think they would keep up with Oregon
hope it turns up soon!
May peace and goodwill on Earth prevail, and not just today.
Thank you and let me know any #makeup tips for this season
No doubt.
:'/ dam where can he be I'm worried... real worried... :/
Dangg harsh! Lol :) RT : LBJ can win MVPs but don't mean jack if he don't win in June. Kobe has 5 rings 2 LBJ's ZERO
bitch you live in Wyoming lol
BULLYING IS FOR LOSERS RIP Jamey
Sweats > jeans
Ginger attempting to tweet more: I definitely just saw a unicyclist track standing. Oh wow Portland!
Loan modification is a scam to make money for the modification company they get paid for each application so that is why you wont get one
You know who is beautiful? Khloe Kardashians friend Malika
It is too nice out to be at work right now ;/
Hard work pays off. Couple of announcements coming soon. Good month for Rosehaven
i know you do : ) lolol
Verdict is in for the Alicia Martinez murder case.
Context switching between interesting design/coding work at Microsoft and exciting personal work is challenging but fun!!! :-)
I caught a few seconds of "My big gypsy wedding" tonight and I never get those seconds back.
13 essays to go!
I did. Your a great singer
Employer Member is also showing us the love! So good to have new members in the new year.
It's 5... ish. Works for me!
uh oh, picked up another book I want to read. I'm getting into the habit of starting a new book only 3/4 through the last.
Has anyone seen the film #Machuca? I have a question about it.....
Thx as always for your inspiration!
Congrats to the Dallas Mavs. They get to keep the title of NBA Champions for 1 more year
trolleys are so overpriced...
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone! Tell us where you are today and how you are celebrating! Here in Buenos Aires, we are working :(
Kentucky is a basketball school and Florida is a football school. We get 24,000 every home game including midnight madness
Agora Forte's "Monuments": the prerequisite for all music lovers.
twugs n sending lots of bday love
ehh, let's see him say that next year when Hazard takes his minutes
What is your favorite podcasting program that is free? TIA!!
Working on building a website for my resume. Need some inspiration!
Braise, braise, braise away, you spicy piece of beef. In the meantime, I'm going to make mussels with chorizo.
“: "Im not like most guys"- Most Guys”
High on life.
My fav rap line ever from Sure Shot "I've got more rhymes than I've got gray hairs And that's a lot because I've got my share"
YOUR message came when I no longer wait.
Tried this really cool tropical fruit first time in my life called zapote. It's super sweet and very good in desserts and smoothies. Yummy!!
Me - its raining outside Nikki - are u serious?! F***, I don't have a hood (looks over shoulder) oh wait ya I do. STUDYING SUCKS!
good night x
glad you enjoyed your drinks & appetizers! Come back soon!
In Cincinnati the girls call me daddy, and I prolly ain't leaving the next time I'm in Cleveland
I though LL was going to say he was going to show us a good night by taking off his shirt
what a lovely discussion to find upon waking in a seedy hotel in Québec!
if they dont rebound consistently & play big in general theyll really have trouble w okc - those young guys are too active
Ngga i am SO sick and tired of your bullshit . Suck a cock .
Friday is finally here!! Yes
#raw10 Ur Ghetto: if u pop Popcorn n a skillet. Cookin oil n butter, shaking the skillet 2 make all kernels pop. Waking up all the Neighbors
cant wait! RT : whaddup guys!! Don't worry, I'm headed back to #Vegas soon!!
what was that suppose to be? haha
aw congratulations on your engagement
Former Kenny Cooper scored his second goal of the season to give #RBNY a 2-0 advantage over the Colorado Rapids.
I can do this, day 1 so so so close to over :)
Day 7 of #SXSW film fest. Attended 24 screenings so far and have about 12 to go. Good luck to #IUBB Hoosiers v. NM State!
excuse me! and you lied and said we was gonna hang out!! smh ((liar))
Have you signed your team up for the CORN-HOLE tournament yet? Stop by the leasing office today to secure your spot!!!
RT : Are you watching what you feed our children? Say NO to
Do you want to go to foxfest or Elf during 4th period tomorrow #Eng9? Buy your tix today!!
Thanks for the shout outs and and Happy 4th!
Forreal .": It doesnt even matter bc the more she fucks up the more she's jus pushing me into someone else"
Watching #DreamGirls I've only watched once before. I have a feeling my sis is seeing it for the nth time. I'm ADD, once is usually enough
I have to meet kings<33
Yes!! Nice job Drew!!!
Thanks for the recommendation! How can we help?
The aging cellar portion of the tour? Cold. But thirst remains quenched!
I DIDN'T KNOW JORDAN WAS A COUNTRY WHAT
Agreed. I think it's going to be really, really awesome!
you're such a cutie
It's going to be a late night.
Would love to help! We can get the word out through & try to drive support back to your project!
Find the closest cliff? Explain
I've always wanted to roll around in a giant hamster ball.. i'm determined to accomplish this before I die.
lol meanwhile d dubs the one that moved away
I just smashed down so much food. :/
Headed to Decatur Middle School to celebrate its selection as a “School to Watch” by the National Forum to Accelerate Middle Grades Reform.
No problem :)
Cant wait to eat at #geris tn
I'm using it on my phone now!
So happy to be curled up in bed with the fireplace on with !
Lmao she said she need ta put her strap down that was funny
- Great picture! I knew you would figure it out.
#YouWereCuteUntil you disrespected and hurt me
Aww okay! Good night! :)
eww finals! Lol kk I might do something for my bday so come! :) lol I have your number I think so ill text you where n when.
In Sept 2010 DOJ sued six high tech co's, including Google and Apple, over deals not to solicit their respective skilled employees
The first time I'm going to sleep on a week day w/o setting an alarm since august...agh GN :)
My black Calvin Klein is about half a size too small.
Champagne is on the agenda this evening. Suggestions?
write in the space below
you're welcome!
#FF Thank you! Hope you're doing well! :)
lol I swore I heard a mountain lion. I was about 2 tk off, but how in the the hell are we going 2 out run that. I knew we was dead
asians girls are the best
Trying to perfect some streaming video code for iOS. Will be great once done but I do hate messing with video.
Discovery just made second lap directly over Tysons Corner
Follow my new page now and unfollow this one!
yall understand my tweet
have fun but not tew much or ima fuk u up
Today was quite interesting.
I hope Romney camp can take advantage of the goldmine of ammo Obama is giving them to use on him
I just pre-ordered 2 copies.
Coaching and accountability come easy when your doing it for the right reasons. Development! Not when your trying to get someone to do a job
I am taking an early flight home. My son is in the hospital (ill not injured) and I'm slightly freaking out.
Out in Vegas with for her birfday. Might try n twitter her facebook later if she's cool with bein all up in myspace.
Thanks Mack, I hope you enjoy it.
ok thanks, i knew one of the two won like right at the begining, So did they win second HOH or did Matt
I would if I were going to be there! Went a couple of weeks ago---saw the triple play & walk-off win! :)
Germantown absolutely crushed Madison Memorial. Showalter had 4 huge dunks! Tomorrow King vs Germantown should be epic
Sometimes people doing their job poorly is a GOOD thing. I hope you had proper insurance (Guessing they broke a window)?
Watched the original Friday the 13th last night- not much of a story, but a classic nonetheless and great inspiration for Rabid Love!
Are you following yet? That's the source for the latest news about Jefferson County government.
Have a good day at work
I was wondering... What program(s) do you use to produce your shows?
That would be amazing! If you're ever in NY, we're 1 hour north!
phenomenal. Almost unbelievable.
Im so hungry!!
Helping shoot #StonersTimeMachine yesterday and Tuesday with and !! Lots and lots of fun!
RT : What a dull night.
I see the freshman year experience was too much for
That maple syrup isn't going to keep in 110 degree weather
"Love is my only obligation." - E. Stanley Jones" That's what I'm talking about.
Congrats to Katie Wirkus! Our 64th Alice in Dairyland!
We will be playing at the Britton Pub in NW OKC this Saturday night. Show starts at 9. See you there.
Me three. RT Me to ": sephora gave me sugar lips for my birthday <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009D>"
say mane when you gonna give these streetz sum of that gud gud? Its been to long pimp, we need that.
do you cheat and stand on your tippy toes? Be honest.
Of course my teacher is extremely late for my last class ever. Why would I want to get out early or anything?
you're not allowed to follow me!!!
lol! Get money!
I made a lasagna that I'm not proud of :( try again next week
don't ruin the greatness!
Blackened salmon and an amazing squash & zucchini casserole for dinner!! I even shocked myself with the vegetables :)
tank tank..tanktanktank
I enjoyed having dinner with you tonight. The fried grasshoppers will make it extra memorable...
people have the weirdest imagination. XD.
You have to be repetitive and literal. You have to be repetitive and literal. You have to be repetitive and literal. You have to...
And Donald Driver BETTER NOT be let go. His winning attitude was one of the bright spots Sunday. Class act, great talent, needs to stay.
Hello in Hawaiian!
DLB vid? Are you trying to kill me? Lol.
Haha but it was funny though huh! lol Im sorry I didnt mean to hurt your poor wittle feewings )':
keep your head up man
I'm on 's side!!! Dear Brittany Spears fans, lighten up a little. No need for the sensitivity
Ah! How am I supposed to save for a concert when ppl keep wanting to hang out at places that cost money? God help meh.
whurs my peeps in dallas tx
Good luck to our neighbor Logan Theater on their first day back in business after 6 long months of renovations. We've missed you!
there was a atricle in my local paper yesterday for everyone to check the sex offender registry before goin out!!
Last 8 am sports psych class. Praise God.
Watch Channel 12 news tonight at 10:00 to see Colleen Henry report on WI Humane Society's SAFE HAVEN program. A little bird told me . . .
yes! And want to see any you took while in Angola, Nigeria.
A Ride Or Die Chick>>>
your hands are rough--but they are where mine belong.<3
Seed fund and accelerator launched for Columbia students, alumni, faculty. Info and deadlines here cfund.co
is more beds and a nicer building equal to better care or healthier people?
As of now, the majority of the votes support the idea of our single being Westlake's Senior Song 2011. Keep it up! Love you guys!
Cute stuff!
Happy Mother's day to every mom out there! You deserve all the love! :).
Ah #lolla seeing
": Are you still online via fb RT": kk""yes please like fan page
thanks for the follow. Dm me sometime I'd love to get to know you:)
Looking forward to
said dog needs a walk tonight
Speak from your heart. Show that you care - about yourself and the people with whom you are speaking.
Sometimes the grass looks greener on the other side because its being better taken care of.
can't wait to get this new project off the ground.. one step at a time tho can't rush greatness lol
ZERO BULLYING! *Sending out the e-newsletter on modeling the courage, character and conduct we want to see in the schools and workplaces!
what?? ARE YOU SERIOUS!! I'M SO JEALOUS!!!
Big shout out to my girl do yo thang!
“: Workouts today are going to be interesting #teamfitness ”
Ha! Good call.
NOW THAT'S CARDINAL BASKETBALL !!!!!
Why am I up?
On the plus side, everyone has been eerily friendly and helpful today at Hartsfield-Jackson.
Note to self: hashtag #jokes are not
For the people i follow, PLEASE FOLLOW ME!
And then he demanded a trade to The Office, where he would be the starting host.
its ok:)
Note to self: A road trip to New Orleans sounds fun, but in reality, 17 hours there & 17 hours back is not fun.
Hello there !
Touche. You're right. You're always right.
join the KCJA tonight at the Phoenix and listen to DJ Sweeny! music starts at 7 pm
Korchoks going too hate me.. Didnt do her packet..
<U+2669><U+266B> Never thought I'd be on a plane. In the sky, flyin' high, it's insane<U+2669><U+266B> Yeah...I wrote that XD
When just being a regular guy who innovates goes bad-a run in with the patent attys. better to start a firm or make it public domain
#Bears fans piss me off sometimes. Lets have them put some pads on and play some games before you light them up.
someone already has uncleluke that's a bummer
I been sleep in all my classes today just ready to go home
Recently laid off? Want to learn Flex? DM or email (serge at adobe dot com) (via )
OMG here we go
Thanks for following us, Michelle!
I still haven't gotten my phone back. Hopefully by next week. Well see!
yes we have some work to do ;)
not much & sorry it took so long to answer back i've just been real busy lately... how are you doing?
Just tasted the Swedish Meatballs, Cathy has cooked up some amazing treats for us tonight. Can't wait to see you.
Wondering what the effect of Steve Jobs will have on Apple's future?
Today's the day! Ohio bound!
and they kind of look similar!
Avengers was amazzing.... had fun hanging out with Cassie Sherron, and !!
i did! hot french neighbor is hot!
I get sick at least every month. hating my body.
I've got VCU in my bracket. Hope they can finish it.
I need a job
9/7/2010 Worry About Customers, Not Financing or Exits, Says Angel Investor Joe Caruso Xconomy
Congrats Jamarcus Russell.not only do suck on the field but now your starting to suck off the field.BTW nice Mugshot.
hahahaha what an embarrassment to human kind #loveher she would of brought her gel nailpolish and paint everyone's nails
None of my tweets have anything to do with me and my baby
“: This is the thoughtful merge of myself and the outlet again.”
oh shit, i guess that's one less bitch you gotta worry about
in Ft. Lauderdale teaching 3-day oral history workshop for the Seminole!
you aren't missing anything it is just a thought I had last night #noworries #behappynow wee wee we we wewewewewewe
Of course there was a major #marcfail the Friday night of a holiday weekend, and on the Brunswick Line
I really do think #samesexmarriage is a big human rights issue for our country and the world.
What a great idea! RT I just made every hanger in my closet face out. What's still facing out March 1, 2013 gets donated.
Awww hahaha. If you're saying I should purchase something for Snacks, I DO have an Amazon giftcard!
Cleveland Got the best Rookie Point Guard
Wrapping up another crazy 16-hour day ...
Maybe a pet who's incredibly two-faced and will betray you in a second. Maybe a cat? ;)
just took a tour of my library's adaptive toys collection. apparently we are 3rd library in FL to offer this collection. very impressed!
Can I be your lovely assistant?
Having fun at our friends little one's bday party! Happy bday, Lily!
Awkward right
im scared of failing but if i never tried then i never really lived in the first place
Out shopping with mom! =)
Its only 8:30 and Im ready for bed! However Ive decided to wait for my coughdrops to arrive in about an hour!!! haha
I know now I wanna watch the whole episode for maybe the slightest glimpse of s mom
. Well, then, you really do *need* to get those shoes too.
i've been left school! :P i'm at radioshack!
LETS BOYCOTT FOR NOT HAVING WGN. I WANT MY BASEBALL!!!!
I Know You See All These #swerve Tweets.... Tellin' You Mane... Let Em Ride The
This game will end with a MWP or Bynum doing something naughty. Chain them the bench now
- How are the rays down there in SV? Thinking what to pack. I can still fee the snow pack in Seattle
oh gosh xD I didn't even know she had a twitter xD
OH BOY! More reasons to stay on Facebook...don't worry about the rest of the web kids, Facebook has everything you need.
If you watch closely, you can spot a Three Men and a Baby in the background of Ghost.
oh well, I guess a lot will change...boo, this abusing me -.-
Maroon 5 doesn't hold a candle to The Beach Boys. ??? #grammys I'd expect this from NBC, but not CBS.
Don't sneeze while putting on eyeliner. It'll hurt -.-
I hope this gnome keeps leaving random blunts layin around my house....thatll be his rent...keep us blazed & live under the bed for free lol
» Are you tired ? Because you've been runing through my mind all day..
Whens your birthday?
RT : Today's big news: I was asked to be a regular on JJ Abrams new show Revolution. Really excited and happy. Congrats, Tim!
happened to me...got a new battery and it worked perfectly
had an awesome birthday dinner with my two birthday pals! Second visit and as awesome each time as the other! Veal porterhs 2die4
ouch I hate myself for getting that wrong
followed! Follow me back?
idk what the hell you been doin anymore James Bond!
What a rainy, yucky day!
The world keep spinning..it ain't gonna stop so why would I stop?
Before, I'd only heard of this great show.
Thanks for stopping by the office today. Always good to talk with you
believes that Justin Bieber is God's way of punishing Americans for electing Obama!
I hate parents and I hate being 16.
Wow amazing time!!! I'm no where near that. Would love to PR at 2:10, but will need to shave 13 min off last time. Rest those legs!
I guess its a good thing I live in Columbus then. ;). RT town full of idiots.
I think :) I think I've heard of it :) They play for Brazil?
Emotional to night .
Looking for Mentors for an elementary age students---have lunch w/ 1x week, 30 min.between 11-12:30 E.Austin contact
hey girlie how ya been?
lady's love me , I'm on my cool J [;
Prime East Village true 2 bedroom $2200 available immediately!
yes, the data is speaking, you are made "a user" by it, and you are not protected when you do so.
Hi! I just sent you an email about our "Taste of Italy" event at the Italian Embassy. Hope you can make it.
just gave us a great interview for the book. Such a nice guy. Incredibly humble, and amazing stories.
Doing great, thanks! About to marry :)
Good Morning Tuesday :)
I don't think Elise chose the right song tonight. Not very good.
and boyfriend omg this is too much for me to handlee
I did #followback #teamfollowback :) :) :) Talk soon!!
if your music act requires a wardrobe change, you're doing it wrong.
me!! All my bitches love me All my, all my bitches love me All my bitches love me You aint fuckin wit my dougie! hahaha :P
how I'm fake
what about marigold or coral or lavender?
brendafongclear Thank you for following! I look forward to future tweets!
not one damn thing. He's to old.
Great first hour - coming up after the news: your calls and emails 317-736-0950 or
Morrocan spiced Alaskan day boat Halibut with Summer Corn relish for an entree special!
My mom didn't pack me a spoon to eat my snack pack
How would you reinvent Detroit? RT : Detroit's strength is its underlying inventive/ethos
Thanks for the RT. Have a blessed day
Happy Halloween from Siren Promotions!!!
Whew, performance time!
Thanks for following us. Looking forward to check out one of your shows. Happy Fat Tuesday. Cheers, Lance
even small inst like +powerful than indiv ppl. "carry a big stick!" says ; "some ppl don't even have sticks!" is reply.
Oh, you fancy huh?
YOU CAN STILL PRE-REG FOR YOUR FREE ESSENCE SWAG BAG!!! EMAIL FIRST & LAST NAME 2 groovedanceclass! Ends at 4pm! ACT FAST!
done :P
This 84 InTouch mag is amazing-Basically gay porn but w/ articles about LA punx, Black Flag, Sisters of Mercy, Pete Burns, Cocteau Twins
RT : I've always wanted that Tupac mural that Jody had on his wall in "Baby Boy"
Maybe this explains the numerous occasions where my wife just sighs and shakes her head at the clothes I've chosen.
June, could be early June. RT : when is jorge de la rosa's eta?
i walked today and i worked in my friends yard
Poor Dusty. A man should be able to be a big kid and show off his stuff...and eat lots of M&M's :)
thanks so much!!
Goldberg: the court must take into consideration the HD 63 history.
Dealing with family & work issues just now allowing me to catch these last few minutes of the Bulls game.
love that girl
I Dont have a home no more cuh cuh, But when i get a chance ima come see you. you my M.C.
hey im Evelyn and could you help me mix my name with my Louis's name lol
ha ha.. yes.. he's gonna add a background and drop the final soon...
hey chica!! Hope you had a great weekend!!!!
-hold you tight-
David, of your investors looking for Multi Tenant strip centers out west?
Off to Cabo! Back in 10 days!
Sex. In America an obsession. In other parts of the world a fact
Do you partners tell you what you need or ask what you need and then work with you to provide it? (We do the latter, FYI.)
put a big red bow on one for me
It's really more of a casting chaise than a
Hey what's up with all of my new followers? Um... Ladies, Ladies... There's plenty of Alex for everyone...
I love going to sleep hungry. Not really. Am actually quite angry about it. But at least I know breakfast will soon come.
Nice job on the new website for The men's room!
heading out tonight with a local TNR person to help feed & hope to catch an injured kitty.
Hey tweeps, pray for my bro he isnt feeling the greatest. but he is such a great man of God.. he has taught me a lot!
sweet product - and congrats on the #sxsw nomination!
I've accepted an anchor position at KCPQ-Fox in my hometown of Seattle. Start there in Sept. Big thanks to all the fine people of Boston!
I got TMS!
Trying hard to resist AC for the first time this year. Hope two fans do the trick.
I want to assign some sisters to do it all because I trust they'd actually fulfill it. Tinsy smidgeon of how the Lord feels.
Sorry but why do the #brewers pitchers lose it and fast in 5th or 6th
Its a beautiful day. As if everyday we live isn't...
#tomorrowisapril already! 2nd quarter of 2012 is going to be awesome!
that's a pretty good lookin' salad... You might win a friend with that one!
Watching save by the bell on netflix. Lol lonely loner seems to free his mind at night .
RT : My old dime for a new broad, that's an ex-change.
#NoManShouldEver try to get with you when he has girlfriend
heading to for lunch today if you want to find out who I am. I'll be the one eating a really awesome sandwich!
about time too...but I hate that they cancelled ringer....IDIOTS
Sorry about bad produce 3 times. Email for quick resolution, 100% quality guarantee
Free app @ www.momswithapps.com Sound Shaker app! Cute preschool app. that is a sound making game...HURRY it is free for only FRIDAY!
I need somebody to text
tyga kills it
waiting 4 my pizza hut order !
ThAt AkWaRd MoMent When you don't have any friends and your teacher says "find a partner"......
Thanks. Just remembered to tell my mother not to call 10 times like usually does. :) good luck!
I miss my bf already <U+2665>
Enjoying Health Care Assoc of Michigan and MCAL conference speaking opportunity this week. Good people and great mission
George Zimmerman x2019;s Bail Set at $150,000 in Trayvon Martin x2019;s Shooting George Zimmerman took the stand and told the parents of
RT if u oemeber there first blunt...
It's like wishing for rain as I stand in the desert, but I'm holding you closer than most, cause you are my heaven :*
too far away
Love your show and you are just charming
that Mayan cappuccino has been in my dreams
Don't you love it?! Kind of amazing. "Aww, they photoshop'd a pic of Michelle Obama with natural hair."
One of my favorites. Undo Me is a classic.
Of all of Rome's emperors, who was the craziest?
When I was pregnant, and only 3 weeks from my due date, I worked in a Dr's office. Friday our schedule was already booked solid for Monda...
were twins im on my gimp swag too my knee is all fucked up i cant walk
continuing in messianic works.
What up twittah! It's been a month.
I dont eat the pussy..I go straight glutton and drink her dry!
HEY I'm so sober #20yearssober #KarebearKyle ;-)
u going to watch bro
I do!! I'm definitely enjoying it! Coming home to visit on Monday... Lil bro is turning 21 next week.
": Twitter is for-------------> YOUR OPINIONS YOUR VIEWS if you don't like mine...hit the unfollow button.....simple."
I'm screwed...
was LeBron talking trash to you?
probly i'll keep u informed
lets be basketballs wives, we can wear big earrings and throw drinks at each other.
We will be back at Jovita's this Friday night! Show starts at 10:30pm. Put on your dancing shoes and come on down!
Dear Indoor-come faster. Thanks, Me.
MT : this sequence makes my pt abt #musicindustry. jazz is black gift to world and its creators can't get airtime...
yes sounds god!
standford, Oregon one of the two!
OH MY!
lol, well i think it comes with a piece of something he wore, im not sure exactly though
Aw.... RT : You're learning from the best. Donna taught me, too.
I think hard.Whenever a professor hates my work,my brow will be furrowed&my mouth will be in a pessimistic frown.
Wife and I went to the Pec for the first time this past weekend. It's our new favorite bar! Great music. Great atmosphere.
everyone follow
Havin fun thi wish my rod was here
did u make g rosa?
Let ya in on a secret. I found an old temple in Holland & spray painted "#Royals 2012" on the front door. This is my fault.
Need to consult and #iPhone app developer
Only heard the preview 2 #turntoyou & almost cried! Just wait until I hear the full song! LOVE greatful to be a #Belieber <3
Can you help us find some corporate sponsors for our Walk to End Alzheimer's? Let us know if you have any connections!
Beautiful day. DH out on bike. I'm reading newspaper and see story about bicyclist being hit and killed. I should've gone out, too.
If someone can articulate a logical argument against legalizing gay marriage, I'd love to hear it.
Emilia and her fellow 6 & 7 year old like Katie Perry. A LOT.
Pictures of Skeeter's poss. little brother?
The unknown thing a new day will bring should be enough motivation to keep you awake
THANK YOU!!! Same page!
Thanks, we're excited, too!
He's a Mac guy.
Each day offers us the gift of being a special occasion. remember: as well as giving, it is blessed to receive with a grateful heart.
RT Delonte West is providing quite a spirited and energetic performance tonight. Gloria James MUST be in attendance!
understood. Kudos on the excellent work you've done to this point.
Go you!! I've been opting out since the first time I found one of those scanners.
huh , I got list with the numbers
Kiss it all better I'm not ready to go.
I want to move to LA after high school.
good luck and can't wait to hear all!
Goin to see the avengers :-) hope they don't have the AC on in there
someone is watching cnn?
I just got on a horse for the first time since I had a concussion a year ago. Kind of an allegory of my life
e van do to you
I prefer food where I know the source, best way to make an informed decision (not saying I agree with the article)
He's a blue chip athlete that closes quickly on the ball.. a 3-down LBer with gd knee bend,qk hands & feet. Good COD
have a great time at the Maxim party !
In absence of clearly defined goals, we become strangely loyal to performing daily acts of trivia. Unknown
RT : Today in CBB History: Notre Dame ends UCLA's record 88-game win streak in '74. ND scores last 12 pts of game for upset.
probably not
As for me, celeb apprentice is background noise as I finish up THE SUMERTON WOMEN.
I am Kanye East.
Big shout out to for all the Southern hospitality shown to us over the last few days filming with
but you dont have one
Hate this rain but at least it's not snowing like at WVU
With Chelsea's loss yesterday, the dream is nearly complete. They could be out of the CL next year & lose the final this year - perfection!
#Austin Latinos hug must of the time. Even more if we are drinking.
Thank you for your support!
blah this school.. only a week left.
#GrandTheftAutoMemories Changing the fucken station right when u enter the car lmao!
ughh, you suck dude.
love life
Hi there! thnx for the follow! hope you're having a great week so far!
I was on the bus, it was quite thn heard a noise like a air-raid horn, then: "Warning! Warning! It is your wife." I was someones ringtone.
Hip hop will never be the same
M&A Tip of the Day-Will the cash flow of the business you want to buy, pay you a salary, an ROI and pay for the financing of the acquisition
hope you're feeling better soon!
And this somehow shocks you?
Thanks, my friend
need u 2 #RT for all of TEAMSHOCHEESE to tweet to play mixtape
I want that new Badger car now!!!
#fashionforpaws is better than old Lassie's Bday ... more toys, treats and....
Need new haters, the old ones are starting to like me
Finally digging into #designingForEmotion - - I have a strong affinity for AMC Pacers - so there!
Thanksgiving with Dillards tomorrow?
I'm so glad I bought a tablet before the start of "tablet wars" (between Apple, Amazon, Barnes & Noble, Samsung, Google, etc.)
#indieview, No. Because it's happened many times before in Pulitz history, I think it just boils down to human indecision.
What's the appropriate response when one learns that the cult leader who dominated one's teen years has a rapidly-growing brain tumor?
Great thing about productions. Lunch is on the budget! Great Gyros!
Be courteous to all, but intimate with a few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
sure sure
Here's to a week of late-night studying, exhaustion, and deprivation of sleep.
Thx for retweeting. Hope you're well!
thanks for following. Cool tunes!
LMAO!!! HELL YEA...": Nicki Minaj album... beez in the trash, b-beez in the trash."
Meaningful? Interesting. Responses and reactions (good or bad) have seemed unmistakingly meaningful to me.
my mom just threw me online haha luv her hate her
Omg can't wait to go #home and, #smoke a #ciggaret Cereal Bowles
Sorry, East LIBERTY library. Blush. I'm too darned excited about this.
SUPERDRAFT details TBD after the start date for football season is confirmed. Likely to be modified- big things are brewing. Stay tuned.
Amy! Check out the fashion beach - can't remember the name (begins with a "P") but Nammos is there - LOVE it!
yikes, which host are you using?
Romance advice from 1959: Alma: Takes only one sip of wine to tell if it's a good bottle Jan: It is a good bottle Alma: Then drink up! :)
Rumors are that Will Smith & Jada Pinkett are splitting up. They deny it. That usually means it will happen in about a month.
oh oh...anselm thinks the number of people in heaven will replace the number of fallen angels.
No school today <3
I'm over it all
“Diversity creates dimension in the world.” <U+2015> Elizabeth Ann Lawless
sure was, and I just lost that and Gisele being shown before Peyton.
does anyone know that iTunes/iMatch/iCloud is changing playlists and removing the digital books? I am missing over 1700 files
yes it is!!!! Still have some in package!
#FOLLOW Me
Thanks for all the #FFs!
Finished my couch to 5K program today. Went 30 minutes without stopping. Not up to 5K yet;will see how long it takes this weekend.
That time I found out there's no such thing as a 'Hospitality Tent'.
Who steals a clock?
Anyone going to dinner after Blanton? We're meeting at the hotel lobby to decide...
And you! RT Llama llama duck and everyone else
It's been like that for 6 years, shouldn't expect anything different..
I am at, 8008 Slide Road Suite #1, Lubbock TX 79424. Stop by and lets discuss your commercial real estate needs today, buying or selling!
Finally the Giants defense is waking up. Go Giants
My city color purple
"Any Kind Of Guy has came on shuffle 3 times today..."
¤ All human beings should try to learn before they die what they are running from and to and why. James Thurber
That thing still has PCI! Abort mission!
Or, less paranoid interpretation might be, PBO's goal was/is avoid Depression while he's Prez....
And a Las Vegas judge. Just whoop up on Cotto for me RT: : Only God can judge me.
I really need a TRUE friend right now.. I'm all caught up in my emo and really can't deal.. I feel like driving down a mountain..
Happy Tuesday!! ;)
Thoughts after visiting the Grand Canyon... All Joshua trees look like they should have been aborted.
The 'new skills' are technical in nature. The 'new' soft skills (collaboration, critical thought, etc) are timeless and not new
Doesn't everyone? RT The videographer has a crush on you.
if you're a nonprofit, you can use Fleapay for donations for free.
Stop eating cheese and drinking good #craftbeer You'll get your fill next weekend in
Suddenly realized I was air guitaring to "Heaven Is a Place on Earth" as I pulled into work.
have you been practicing your MuseumExpo walk? It's coming up quickly!
This Indiana January weather is beautifully insane! Waiting for all hell to break lose one of these days
NICE! And no surprise, you know how to HBxHF. Hope we can link you in again on some international TV avails this season!
Its fine.
nice! let me know what you think of it as you get further!
Gorgeous day/week out!! Enjoying my Texas "winter" :)
Done for the dayy! Helloo weekend :)
Thx much! RT : Special #FF Shout outs to and and
happy birthday to You BOSSING.. wishing You good health and happiness.. keep up the good work :)) muuaah muaahh tsup tsup
“: WI had 8th most manufactrng jobs created since Jan 2011; 6th most manufacturing jobs since Jan 2012! And last in jobs overall
Let the winds blow outside. Warm up with new spring merchandise. Open Friday and Saturday 9:30 am to 6:00 pm.
What is your favorite German food?
sorry i didnt mean to unfollow you! i have following limit right now so i cant follow you back but i will soon! :)
The average women chooses beauty over brains because the average man can see better than he can think.
Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things.
A dream of mine becoming reality - 1st Annual WineSong event & benefit for children w/Cancer 12/09/11 in Spokane, WA Details coming soon..
DC: in 2005 wasn't Fenty sued by National City Bank for Unjust enrichment & breach of contract. SURE! Calling the kettle black!
Oh. I thought maybe she was on the baby thing again. Is she offering to buy this furniture?
I haven't been to the salon in forever but after the week I'm having with this hair, I'm done doing it myself. It takes to long!
Hot day in Chicago. I thought this was the north! Heading to Moody church to talk about revival in US.
That never gets old. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Sprint of the Marathon- an amazing movie and a must see for all runners!!! LOVED it :)
Sitting in doc's waiting room getting dumber by the minute listening to "Moves like Jagger."
you creeper
It is at this time that he inflicts great suffering just as My precious Son endured during His passion on the cross.
thanks lady!
Why must i love someone so far from me? Gahhh i love me tard and love hearing his voice in the morning. 2 more months
Hey, want to be texting buddies? :)
XOXO!!!! Happy Valentines Day! Love, Newmatic
Enjoy! “: done! #FitFollow”
Felicity Malbec from on the way! Cheers
#ProudOf1D the boys did an amazing performance <3
pics or it didn't happen.
Have you tried our summer patio menu? Chef Robert doesn't disappoint. Come on down!
i followed...follow back :D ALOHA <3
Hope everyone had an amazing labor day weekend. If you have not had the chance visit our website www.gemcuisine.com
Question 7: Have you ever lied about how many people you have had sex with?
wish I was shopping with you!
Dear Mac Book Pro, at the end of making every movie-each book I have gets unstable-please stay alive and well until movie is Final-Thanks!
I agree. Stupid promo! Lol
they call me clutch
So i may be young but im ready...haha
Home and alone. Kitchen duties ahead. But first, martini and Nesbø
Thanks for the follow! Hope this means you support electing a mayor!
"We just got breakfast" ....it's 1o'clock lol
you guys have great music, keep it up
#iLikeWhenYou Show me that beautiful smile
Hottie Lamottie, with a swimmer's body..
Angel Pagan!!!!
thank you for link!
ok, just give me a minute. I need to run some errands
Why do we need ankles?
#IfItWasntForTwitter I'd die.
would u catch a grenade for me
Mini invasion from DC in HI this week thx to APEC. My hooking up calendar may just pick up.
People wonder why in quite wen thier around , cus ny mom always said if u aint got none nice to say dont say nothing at all !
Once upon a time, I love this show!!
RT : RT : Thanks, Dana - great job. :) #bizmomsknow Youre welcome and thank you! It was a pleasure <=TY
If I go to the mall today do you want to come ? with edsta but I'm not sure yet if I can tho .
actually I think someone did haha
"In times like these, it helps to recall that there have always been times like these." ~ Paul Harvey RT
Hi Corey..thanks for the mention earlier. Are you having a good weekend?
“: Any fans out there that are as addicted to golf as I am?! Yes sir!!!
Heh, just putting out other potential meanings. Not sure about the logic of your tweet's conclusion.
Dang i'm so sore from saturday feels like my arms about to blow up haha
Come "like" Seattle Against Slavery's new Facebook page! Join the movement to end human trafficking one city at a time!
Making the executive decision to sleep instead of go to class
I'm 33 and life is awesome. Rats, does this mean it goes downhill?
amazing and well deserved!!
. is amazing! Go tough mudder!!!
Seriously contemplating a sled ride...anyone game?
TY!: Happy Thursday, Trelawny, and thanks for following! Looks like you're well on your way to great success...congrats!!
Just reminding everyone to go and vote for us to win $25,000 from Pepsi Refresh! Text "107350" to 73774 to help us win!
#BestWayToGetRidOfAGirl Give her a gift card. (This tweet may be sexist, but I would really like to buy some new clothes.)
Our next show, starting May 4th, will feature colorful paintings and infrared photography.
I can't find a reason to let go even though you've found a new love, & she's what your dreams are made of.
The opposite sex is the most dangerous and most addictive drug out there but the high is unlike anything else.
I love when Nick Offerman is on Childrens Hospital.
what do think of the Torres hit ya fuck?
You da man!
Did you know that National Painting Week started yesterday? painting is their top need, according to the 2012 Spring Home Improvement Survey
got da mic so i have to record now
"He may ride forever, 'neath the streets of Boston, he's the man who never returned" thanks for that pulse
both and then some!
I'm somehow just now listening to him for the first time!
What networks are you a part of? Why? Tell us with hashtag
Be back later!
trying to be all that we can be everyday and today we can be lazy
The gentleman uses learning to enable himself, the petty man uses learning as a bribe to win attention from others. Hsun Tzu
wish I could #follow back, #twitter is trying to #regulate and #control ... seems like
u said u was good for fri? but yea tomorrow
Not giving up anything for people who won't do the same back.
#thingsblackfolksscaredof Report Cards (Kids)
Good morning fellow twits. (; Here's a great #ff & new followers shoutout-
I love the New Mexico weather! (Usually ... not the piles of snow still in my yard :-)
Soo tired! Bluecats won the football game(: whoop whoop! 38-0(: so exhausted basketball tomarrow(: going to my dads tomarrow also(:
I miss my friends
im coming
On the train on my way to the Hamptons. My seat partner has an accent, is wearing cuff links and is reading a good book. #isthisheaven?
My love is bigger than a Cadillac, I tried to show ya but you drive me back
Trying to keep my head on straight today got a lot to work on.
A lot of fucking arguing and hating going on here tonight. Wassup wit dat????
We just killed our first snake of the year in the backyard tonight. Yikes! I'm TERRIFIED of those things!
Thanks, Thom! I am very excited. Early birthday present to self.
Getting a phone call from a happy, proud parent is stronger than caffeine as a great way to start the day
RT : RT : I don't think you realize that you could lose me.
oh cool even better save me the drive. Can't wait to see you live.
Been sick all weekend. This can't be life <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I'm not trying to sound like a badass or anything...but I take out my USB without removing it safely.
Nothing just upgraded to this android. Seeing what the pics look like
I live in the Batcave...that is to say, a combo of heavy rain & bad gutters makes a waterfall at my front door - FINE nature, I'll stay home
The Avengers midnight showing tickets acquired.
Happy 2 see Amanda Knox finally released! We lived in Perugia, Italy when this happened...knew she was innocent! #Amanda Knox
I have so much love for you guys. You guys are amazing! :)
/Thx for this. Definitely interesting.
hi ya! thanks to follow me :) what's your name?
Not an O'side native (not even a California native) but I live not far away in N. County.
You're welcome and no comment. :)
exactly!! :-) have a good one yourself!!
there is nothing wrong with planning for the future, but looking forward to your workshop & panel in Atlanta
Ben and Kate looked clever; but was not all that fond of The Mindy Project. According to Fox, the "buzz" has just begun. Where is it?
HELLO! So nice to make your acquaintance. I am a big fan of your latest work. Any chance of getting one for our office?
9. Guys with brown eyes 10. GUYS WHO WEAR SNAP BACK HATS <333
. most definitely include personal thoughts/feelings about prod, it's what moves it off the shelf
Be kind to yourself, love yourself, love others this is what is truly important in life the rest is just filler
Air this dude strait acting like a bitch
Beliebers turn to justin
I know it's spam, but I really want to click on this email from "Fried Chicken Survey."
Dead tried
327: Talked with a friend for the first time in months, & it was like no time had passed. I'm awfully grateful for friends like that.
People who stare <<<<<
": I love knowing that you're mine, no doubts or questions, all mine. And I'm all yours.<U+2665>"
What about a student Edcafe for year-end review? Too limiting? Not limiting enough?
"If you cannot posess joy in the poorest of states, you will not posess joy in the richest of states." ~ Elisha Hale
getting some recording done
follow True Magazine New Issue out! www.true-magazine.com
Sounds like your project will have some great visuals.
someone has to...
10% of men prefer the #iPad, rather than a girlfriend. Really?
Supposed to be 71 today, and I wore my big coat...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
So excited that will be featured in the Chicago Tribune again this holiday season! Interview took place yesterday!
Things my phone can't do: Be used as a phone.
what is your favorite color
Much appreciated. Shoddy encoding, bit grainy. But worked like a charm. Client was happy. House sold. Done deal.
Revenge is sweeter than you ever were
thank you!
I just loved my delicious Maine lobster roll + the server was very nice. Keep coming back to our area pls!
I hope you brought extra cupcakes to the #StillStandingATL screening! Let's catch up after the show.
Success is steady progress toward one's personal goals. - Jim Rohn
And that was the highlight of my day <U+E056><U+E057>
1946, so perhaps a bit cleaner then. There's a washroom attendant anyway. Still, great depiction of a howl of despair.
you dont know you're beautiful
Kimmel: I know how Lincoln died: he had a vision of what the GOP would be like in 150 years and so he shot himself.
What the hell was I thinking back then?? It just some shit u ain't got no business doing..... Live and learn for real!!
Joyful Noise is one of my fav movies! #itsamazing You're my fav character on the movie. YOURE AN AMAZING SINGER! Please follow?<U+E414>
Real tree or fake tree??? *Danielle*
Happy Easter everyone!!!
I can be you hero baby, i can kiss the pain away.
“: loved the hotel yorba, have been humming white stripes ever since”Thanks! Yeah, I'm having the same problem!
If you knew all I think about you I demandarias for mental harassment
No guy should ever text "lolz"
Nice to have a break in the heat, makes it a great day to get a custom airbrush spray tan!
On break eating chocolate ice cream...
holy shit im always there its so scary!
#IfIHitTheMegaMillion I'm going to turn into Lil Jon 2.0 and making a cd very similar to "Crunk Juice" Ice Cube will be on it.
I wonder if you miss me, like I miss you.
What are you wearing?
Good for you! I hope others will take the time to watch it too.
When tells you something that gets you all mad & then says "FALSE ALARM" #scary <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
literally feel like my sinuses are going to explode
Making use of the free apps on the Apple appstore for #health apps, some really helpful ones on their
The chairman has announced the secret ingredient is PUMPKIN!
Not even Plastic Ono Band and Imagine? Both brilliant. How about Ringo's Sentimental Journey? Ha ha ha
Hands on the wheel..
That almost sounds like the starting line of a joke... :)
I take that back. Logging in now. What a day!
I finally got an apartment today. Halle-friggin-lujah.
Ýou'd think right? Practice splitting up, and they're all trying to f each other. Who comes out on top? Hint:not the patient
#chucknorris If you Google search "Chuck Norris getting his ass kicked" you will generate zero results. It just doesn't happen.
Johnny Damon dropping in the lineup is the least surprising thing to happen since Kyrie won ROY about an hour ago
Do you want a 1D, ACM, or JB imagine? :) x
When is Sarah #Palin gonna run out of steam? her speeches are terrible, reading jokes from her blackberry, saying nothing interesting...
that's how I feel about Adam Levine. LOL
RT: Tomorrow night is our guest on #mediachat and our topic is “Brands and future use of Twitter”. Thursday at 10pm EST.
Major League is getting me ready for the upcoming Buccos campaign. Best season of the year
lol will do :)
I’m not waiting for a prince, I’m waiting for a guy who thinks I’m their princess.
It's always better when we're together.
I wish I had named my class 20 Sites to Organize Your Life. Because I have 20.
What recharges your theatre batteries?
will use Twitter in intro history class this semester -require an account--
at the library bein on twitter is weird lol im so used to my phone, i hate that my printer is broke lol
No timetable. He's not even throwing yet. RT : when is chacin expected back?
they should be safe
I am constantly asking myself that same question.
“: sorry but +1 for football > fashion even if he is a dallas cowboy” maybe in your world, toots.
Excuse us: Make that Villa Capri 2!
Ok thanks.
someone fall in love with me
SAVANNA'S TUMBLR IS KILLING ME THIS PICTURE OF GARRETT
You know he'd have something interesting to say. His career minus SVG would be totally different I'd think...
What would be a sick tour you guys could see us on?! Comment below! <3
see one of my fist interviews a few years back when i first started
well then hell yeah, I'm in. Unless you meant it to be a lady thing. Then I am still in, I'll just wear a costume.
Hours before I get on a plane for 1st time in 6 mos, Breaking News: Monkey Pox scare on a plane in Chicago. Oh boy! May I check in early?
Grudges are a waste of perfect happiness. Laugh when you can, apologize when you should, and let go of what you can’t change.
R u comparing Twitter to Google, or to G+? Twitter is nice for "here & now;" G+ great for its depth.
#whosgonnalose - Houston v Air Force - AFA will lose
My one regret in not becoming a librarian is that I cannot be a lesbrarian.
Breakfast=Green drink Early Lunch=Guacamole with celery sticks. Who needs chips? Celery works!
I want to do something, I just don't know what. :c
If his employees were all black, people would be claiming reverse discrimination.
Salted caramel flavor at Newbury BerryLine...awesome! Combine it with some cinnamon sugar pecans and wow.
Currently listening to: Tony Bucherati - Snake Bite
imagine what people went thru waiting on the iPhone!
just in time for my year anniversary in LA!!! We need to get the group together and celebrate life
Mexico - USA in the semifinal. It'll be brutal!
omg you di not just go there sista im mad at you now
Bugles and a banana... breakfast of champions. And pregnant people.
Fantastic tonight !! So great.....red piano and all!!
Oh mama, I'm in fear for my life from the long arm of the law Lawman has put an end to my running and I'm so far from my home
My kid just killed it at his talent show. He def did the damn thing. totally scratched his routine & went freestyle
If you're tweeting about tonight's Candidates Arts Forum, the hashtag is #pdxartsForum - see you there!
Mariano Rivera has a torn ACL and is done for the season and possibly his career.
thanks for the tweet love and never being boring. Let us know if you'd like some more posters.
I am so freaking excited for #downtonpbs tonight!
did you see crazy stupid love?
#Marlins have won 7 straight. I love baseball.
ima doing and i dont date briana i date this girl named shanley and wats to facebook name
keep your head up. you know you're great.
I feel ya. Tour can be heinous. Always eating at restaurants... bluuuugh. Bet you'll be glad to see a grocery store again.;)
Your locker in victorious should say #PutYourHeartsUp<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>Do you watch #AmericasBestDanceCrew? Do you like <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080>
A good deal is a good deal only when its a deal for both parties.
yep. That, and sometimes there's a whistle.
Im going to say it nice Lol ....plz follow me<U+2665> (:
I no I'm not the only one but after we fuck I play dead because I reached my goal so um u can leave now
Come back!!!! P.S. Miss you chickadee <3
I would so totally name a pet after him! Not even kidding! If I get two of like a rodent or something I'll name one Paul and
Heat Fans Always Diss Chris Bosh, But Your Star Misses 2 Crucial Free Throws, It's Gonna Be A Long Series!
Thanks 4 being the best hubby!! So blessed that God brought us together. I couldn't imagine sharing my life with anyone else! Xoxo
What's your viewpoint on contrails and chemtrails?
is school supposed to feel like a 6 hour prison...
RT : First time skipping class to go Figure Skating in Harlem charity event at Wollman rink right now!
whats up sir? Havent talked to you in a while. Rugby team still kicking ass and taking names?
RT : Co-ops and co-op orgs newly on twitter:
terrible win. Needed the nets W
sitting her think about her
Right on! Hit me up again
Man in the hat - Mac Miller
What about John Travolts?
we all know u one of the realest love ya hair damn n love witg ya fine ass
Looks like Abi is on her way...
I wish
. landed one in the breadbasket but put him down with a combination.
I'm dead serious
i thought you was comin back in spring so we could go to newyork?
what kind of parent lets their kids attend Ke$ha's "The Get $leazy Tour"??
Rough night Blodwyn is a hungover pig...
is good friend + good parent
Those NATO guys are going to be pissed when they figure out that Kumas can't actually cook a burger.
You've got to do your own growing, no matter how tall your grandfather was. Cats always: Are easier to train than children.
Looking forward to the keynote address by Diane Osgood, founder of Osgood Sustainability Consulting #women'sLeadershipConference2012
Cheering for a pre-season game is like rooting for your grocery list. Too soon to be getting excited about what you might make of it . . .
Love it when people make me radically rethink how I view things! Thanks More tonight at 7:30 Launer auditorium.
ice skating while its snowing
In honor of the NFL draft-- What University holds the streak for most consecutive years of a player being drafted in the first round?
Yeah, we gotta try it out, right?
Post Season...Confidence, toughness, execution all imperative this time of year...All teams compete hard in 1 and done setting, how ru diff?
How is chicken little a nfl analyst?
You're as fake as the Louis Vuitton purse you're wearing girl. Keep it moving.
hanging out with my bitch i mean angel:-P
adtr anounced a tour with rise against in like december and i saw them in january then a couple months they ancouned the tour again wtf
There's definitely room for improvement on it - should be an exciting project! I'll be following along
New goal before graduation: incite a riot by eating sauerkraut & curry simultaneously in a crowded lecture hall.
nothing beats a summer in chicago!!!! so i suppose i am a summer lover.
What is "Ground-truthing" ?
on overcoming obstacles: have #faith and just do what you gotta do.
Thanks for the much needed info RT : Charging my phone.
Why yes, I am dressed like a highlighter today. Isn't the real question why you aren't?
I got a trap bitch ~~~~~ Ana Strippa Hooe!!!
Keep your eye on the ball-Focus on direction.
WTF DUMB SUB DRIVER MISSED MY STOP. UGH. NOW I GOTTA WAIT!!!!!
Waiting on White House announcement for contraception rule.
oh my god she was amazing
so is John Mayer gay?
right now 40! filled up in 10 minutes. I'm going to see what the capacity is.
When you know something hurts someone...
Man too many people selling they jays online mine will never sell
Great thing! Good luck!
happy mothers day wish you many more great blessing and all the success for you and you loved ones
RT : Int'l panel recommends new model for #breastcancer care, 2.8M+ survivors living with chronic treatment effects...
Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.
Subway subway subway whadddup.
Carlos Tevez is a dickhead
Corinthians 13 and Transformers 4 are both trending. Go Earth!
Volleyball game was awesome! But I walked there with my buddy Payton he is hilarious he tried hiding behind a pole!! FAIL! Got 2 luv Payton!
AND NY now has dolma... RIVER LIVING 43 CHURCH STREET ALEXANDRIA BAY NY 13607
Happy Bday to my all-time fav athlete! Love I got to grow up with the Goat!
Nugs need to start cheating like the Spurs.
It is unclear to me why Bristol Palin's opinion matters more than that of my uncle Beau's taxidermist Joe Bob.
new Deejay splash remixes comin soon - stay tuned to find out where to find 'em
we have tequila in plano
I know I live in Los Angeles where it almost never rains, but I really wish I had a pair of awesome rain boots.
bought to go get new glasses my bebe's broke l:
:) thanks I like urs too
buck what up boiiiii he will b @ perks 2marro showtime
Go joey.
#SOPA if everyone will #boycotthollywood by not buying any movies for 2 weeks then we would win this. Boycott Hollywood
Congratulations!! RT : Guess who just found out she's being awarded a K99/R00 Pathway to Independence Award from the NIH!? WooHoo!
Dat..Dar... Was the best turey burger in a Long time... think it was like 3 days. :)
in school? It's a wednesday
My birthday is in about a month. It will be weird being 23. What does being 23 feel like I wonder..
Hey guys, I know it's been a while but life's been busy. But don't worry, new things soon to come!!! Maybe some interviews and new reviews..
To my family upstairs shut the fuck up a nigga is tryin to sleep
I wish John Sterling would stop washing Getz' balls... We get it he made a great play
stow and go, bro!
#ItsFunnyHow you think i like you . . .
Follow and we could both win VIP tix and a backstage tour at Irving Plaza! #GreysonVIPinNYC This sounds fun =D! Good luck :)
where is my magical sleep potion?
I was born on mothers day. Never have to buy her a gift cause im awesome.
I hate it when I don't use enough hairspray and I get flyaways attacking my face and tickling.
Ok let's go to the Death Valley for the weekend. See u soon, are not...
In which i admit that i thought tommy shaw was at his prime in Damn Yankees. Karaoke brings out the most shameless in me.
my parents are moving to a town like 20 min from there <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>. Uhh wait! What r y'all doin here in Virginia?!?!?
"Deliver our core value. Don't get fancy." - Kevin Saghy on handling Twitter
Eat mineral rich food like pickles or canned fish.
If you want something bad enough, you will make it happen. Simple as that.
Scoreless through one inning. Pitching matchup: Kayla Negus (Milton) vs. Becca Armstrong (Monroe). Each has allowed one hit.
Throwing money in the air, like i don't really care
I think people always believe what they want to believe, don't you? - Lillian Hellman
Thought I had forgotten my phone at home and had a full-on panic moment. Related: I hate talking on the phone.
sweet. Have a good time there. Always nice to get away.
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':13
REVIEW : Alera Fraze Executive High-Back Swivel/Tilt Leather Chair ...
Honestly D.R.U.G.S. sucks. Not surprised 3 members left...
Yes, I think we are good to go
Some think staying on a diet is hard while traveling, not if you use DWL shakes and eat your meals every 3 1/2 hours.
Music can really bring the atmosphere of a party to life. Why not create a playlist ahead of time?
I just dislike the 2011/2012 comparison. 2011 was a pretty rare turnaround. It's like rolling a 12 and expecting to do it again.
#RIPJuniorSeau ... how sad.
Power steering pump burntout=no Arizona show for us tonight sorry guys :( we will be back in az on march 23rd at skrappy's in Tucson!!!
Made it in to San Diego finally. Not for Coachella. For fantastic lineup at the Museums and the Web conf.
That's why I had to stop voting a straight Republican ticket and renounce my Young Republican membership… Yes, I'm serious.
GOD DAMN #S\o to my new followers Sexy af
Nobody lives forever, but especially not that homeless person I just ran over
so who won the late game? I didn't watch.
takes on snowboarding in today's Tims Travels and he's a rookie - so make sure to tune in to
SEO Company, RevBuilders Marketing Signs All Natural Beauty Company
Great to connect with ! Bringing smart #international students to the U.S is a national security and diplomacy issue!
Dreads Hang In My Face...#ToHideMyPain!
Eating a delicious dinner made my my mom mm
an email Being passed around about it. But instead, there is nothing happening, I've searched. Kony is still chilling in
Congrats Concord on the win tonight. Kids had fun protesting corporate personhood too.
rochester tweeps Should I have a cocktail tonight or be good?
is sneezing coughin and in pain!
That some achieve great success, is proof to all that others can achieve it as well. Abraham Lincoln
yeah probably
I get so confused sometimes when i watch That 70's Show.
er .. why yes dear!!! you can acompany me so's i dont fall of my shoes .. cuz we all know i do it haha
Bilaterality exercises thru Metro-Math; VT exercises coming out soon.....
And I'm pissed about ADTR not going
At the same time, the internal sphincter of the urinary bladder is closed, thereby preventing retrograde passage of the ...
Ya boy R'ra is in da house
there is no twitter war like a / Fact.
My school district is cutting 10-15 Media Specialists.That means no elementary school will have a FT school Librarian
that was all you. We were just along for the ride.
haha thank you! Pretty sure I got a pity pass... But it's a pass nonetheless.
I'm glad the rain held off to show off san diego on veterans day as we host the historic carrier classic on national tv
Sam no Sam!
We are off to for a fun filled day at the water park! We've heard all good things! :) Make it a Healthy, Happy Day!
In other news this back of the van seating sucks
Yes, it does
haha good day
Sweet, can't wait! My husband and I love the show, y'all are hilarious!
Kick is good. UM 17-9. Kudos Michigan D.
Lol Jody said I do people wrong .
At the table read for Trapped!@
yeah, WOW.
should be opening this more and more, but instead turning the ball over more and more
What is your favorite song to run/jog to? I want a new playlist! Today! Thanks :)
we are at table number nine, over.
So much fun having the talented Jaden Carlson in for an interview and performance on the show today. GO GO KRFC!
My perspective on this: Obama ran on bipartisanship, but Republicans planned from day 1 to oppose everything he wanted to do.
Is it really college basketball season next week??
Love comedy central!
If you love good music check out these guys .
let's do it! I could handle G+ but haven't used it in 1 million years
Welcome! Check us out! #dogood Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
Back at Emory? I'm a grad student and I shared the track with you a few times before you went to FL. Welcome back!
If I didn't have to walk through 20 mins of it to get to work, I wouldn't mind it! My puppy will be excited though.
ahh good luck! I'll call you in a few days!!
our paths with cross again one day. and hopefully youll have 5 bucks on you
Hello, whats wrong with your mobile? Everytime ive tried to call it says the person you are trying to contact is in your heart.
Thanks for the honor of the follow. I really appreciate it. Looking forward to your tweets.
It's NATIONAL DOG DAY! Give your pooch a smooch! :-) <U+2665>
I don't want to go to the dentist tomorrow, cuzz I'm sure they'll find something wrong no matter how well I care for my teeth.
True. And what Chris Rock said on show recently. "Wealth is having options".
lmaoo don't worry Kim I'm on my way !
Poke, Poke. Too lazy to sign in to FB just to pick on ya : )
Nothing interferes with my concentration. You could put an orgy in my office and I wouldn't look up. Well, maybe once. -Isaac Asimov
Do what you can do and let go and let God do what you can't
- Again, I am sorry. See you tomorrow on something. Have a good night.
Got to tweet some national breaking news today. BOA protesters in the streets outside my office window. Helicopters. Arrests ..
19 days to go.
When God gave out looks...Kayne West thought that he said "books" and he didn't want any.
lol, I'll hit you up with more details
Wtf you take me for? Nigga show love!
ha. Shut up.
sorry man - I've become a bruncher
Catch up on the week that was and the week to come on The Franchise Weekend Show (LIVE) 6-9am Team990.com MONTREAL SPORTS
Bahahahah ne'er can trust em!
lol I'm on a mission! And luck helped too :-)
Gettin ready for work.. Makin a money pie gettin more dough
A state trooper is placed on leave as DPS investigates claims officers gave protesters drugs.
My friend Walt's words for 2012 are focus, determination and tenacity . Good advice for us all.
Things are getting weird and I like it
I'm so pissed. Someone stole my brothers iPhone today in the locker rooms and like 3 other kids got theirs stolen too
bout to go out to eat wit dat baby man
it's the only one worth reading
Ya Look Great Boot Camp is how I stay fit
Twos company; threes a crowd.
Aw thanks for coming to #UberIcon!
Merry Christmas from Jesus is the reason for the season!
Lunch with the soldiers n check got picked up by unknown. This Army thing does hav it's benefits
They can't handle you for being you. ;) LOL.
i kinda had a bet going wit my dad...i just lost....
Made some designs and got paid. Thanks to my paying costumers im going on track. #swag #graphic designer #pepsi manica :)) Goodnight!!!!!
I have a not - so - secret anymore secret!
I have to work so I'll miss deezy Thursday :(
just one or two team ones from last year, nada from this year
RT - Any Cleveland fans wanna go to a yankees/indians game next week in Cleveland? Preferably Tuesday.
Commerce, HUD, Energy, Education
"You can't be what you can't see." -Marie Wilson
Let's go , going for 2 in a row with Smart leading the charge!
Project x was def a crazy movie.
kill the basket
love the thinking time idea. What would it look like? Sitting? Freewriting? Walking perhaps?
Lots of people have been asking me if I'm going to Memphis in May. I'd love to, but my wife is nearly 9 mos pregnant! We'll go when he's 1.
Been waiting on this car for about an hour now ...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
SNL has me in tears!!
I remember when I wanted thousands of followers on twitter... Now I wish I had more than 300 on tumblr *sigh*
Never Order Any Thing On The Menu Made With Chunks A’ Chunks A’ Burning Love…
Right...Apps for cell phones. He is researching it and how to work with Apple. It's actually interesting. Hope he can do it!
why am i still sick?
Darn, I missed it. Could have dotted the "i"
Buss trip to #NLM, 1st time there!
Ah!.... there's a HAIL STORM outside. First time seeing hail. #saint louis
oh cool! Where are they located? Sounds like a tasty spot to try out :)
Real DJ over here sir!
i think that's illegal in some states
swag gurl out
A game 7 win?
Writing session and Going over beats w my bruh
and then you feel so low, you can't feel nothing at all.
morning!!! Yea that's my mini me! Thanks!
I believe that my life's gonna see the love I give returned to me.
This X Factor is trippy. This X Factor show is horrible.
Be all you can :)
I'm pretty sure this game is prohibited by the 8th amendment.
#NYC: See Michael Moore ( ) tonight at his signing for HERE COMES TROUBLE: Stories from My Life – B&N on 33 West 17th Street
Happy Birthday :D I love you so much <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665>
RT i have not wanted anyone to lose so badly since john mccain.
OH. Okay.. lol it's showing an egg on the mobile website.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Panic Room
Finding the wedge audience is critical
Holy crap it's the 1 year anniversary of the death of Osama.
I gotted news
Anyone ever cycled in Hawaii? Specifically Oahu? Not exactly accommodating in my opinion.
life is a short trip
Great post!
#BOYFRIENDvideo IS AMAZING GO AND LOOK THE VIEWS WOW!!!!!! :) I love you x
Watching Scary movie & eating some pizza hut (:
The Avengers for the 2nd time in 3 days - and again in IMAX 3D as well :)
I need him . . . I've been loving him all day . I'll love him more <3
Thanks! Would be great to bump into you :)
You can tell you ate too much for Thanksgiving when you have to let your bathrobe out.
I completely agree Moms are truly the unsung heroes of our lives and, the world What would be without the love & guidance of moms
what did you think of Om Stranger Tides
Couldn't believe how young some couples were, looked like high school students, yet had 3, 4, 5 kids each.
We would like to thank everyone that made it to Moon Dog Tavern on Saturday!!
Guys GUESS WHAT....16 more days left of school....yayayayayayay.(:
Saw you bought your ticket for Walk Away With Art at - so excited to have you!
#amWriting a book review.
Dear Math, grow up and solve your own problems
oKAY sO iVE nOW bECOME oBSESSED wITH mY cAPS lOCK....dONT hATE gUYS (:
Hittin the Trap
WERE WATCHING A MOVIE FOR THE NEXT THREE DAYS THE WALLS ARE SINGING HALLELUJAH AMEN
I think it is, beardo.
I think it's cute(:
David Carter's senior recital today at 1:00 in Sweeney hall!!! Come check it out!
can i get a tweet?? xO
I wish they would do a tour in the usa? :)x
Lmao this has been the best Vegas trip by far
Love me some
And the best part is, you sell them back for roughly 1/25th the cost of what you bought it!
Orlando bound soon
Maybe he thought you were a stray dog?
my floor is so much more comfortable than my bed....
When is the Brewers TV Deal up? How much would a new Milwaukee Market TV Contract be worth?
Let's all be ghosts then.
In marble falls, its pretty, idk why but I like it
The field is shaping up as two more join, giving the Safeway Classic 20 of the top 20 on the money list.
we bouta play the game
This nigga need to hurry up and bring me my money
keep it going HHW!!
#NP Ja Rule ft. J Lo : I'm Real
Get your team focused by choosing a different player to do devotion before each practice. Use SignUpGenius to organize the schedule!
Happy Chinese New Year!! Year of the dragon I believe...
Want to Add a Share Bar to Your Site? Buffer Makes It Easy
FUCK YOU MILITARY THE TANGO IM PEACEFUL # PEACEFULPLACE
lol. I told you the brain is sucked out first year and replaced. All that is replaced isn't rationale.
I think it's weird is complaining to people from Long Island.
Attn Focus Readers! What are some of your favorite photography blogs you frequent everyday?
"If the disease of stress was identified by the CDC, we'd have people in yellow suits & masks all over the country." Tim Ryan
RT Strange how all these pop stars on the radio sing about the weekend, as if they're at office jobs through the week.
Why is it that we have the weight of the world on our shoulders, but have to get it off our chests?
Just apologized to my wall for bumping into it...
If u use "real name" u are naive to think anyone cannot find & read tweets. Being encouraged to put it on my resume by profs
Congratulations on being name 2012 Business Marketer of the Year Award by the Business Marketing Association of Colorado!
that's going to be a powerful show!!
RT : FYI: 48% of city tax revenue comes from real estate related taxes. very interesting
Fro some restaurants it may be extended. Not official but in Open Table. For most no! For us tonight it is the last night!
#Diablo3 will be the first game in over a decade that I will have bought on Launch Day... anyone else looking forward to it Next Week?
RT : I think so but it's rare to find a department that can foster an environment that encourages them
“: You know you're really in love when you smile at every message he sends you.”
My movie is on <U+E419>
Best wishes to all the people of Egypt for rest of their days.May their future be one of true peace and true freedom!!!!
Happy Friday and get home safe in this snow.
Time for another trip to hawaii! Ill try not stay for a month this time! Who's down? With our time share its super dope!
I'm on it! Or maybe not...
the one about Anthony having his own seat.
No Australian Galaxy S I Launch Plans Yet
"vicar's butt potato" is phrase of the day, as far as I'm concerned
it bothers me that the kid is in ur fantasy
Rocks! They helped get our short sale back on track in less than an hour! THANKS!
this is very trippy. u look a bit awkz in this.
sounds good! what kind of herbs/spices did you use? i think i could eat lentils and/or chickpeas every day.
everyone is clueless.
“: For myself I mean..” ~ Just remember your own wild magnificence, Tabbi. It exudes from you, an unconquerable force!
Youtube is addicting
today was track day ugg it was nice out though
“: yup ): RT : Did Indiana really just win?” HYFR!!!!
and I wonder why would I wait 'till I die to come alive? I'm ready now, I'm not waiting for the afterlife.
time to hit the gym on Monday...
need some studio time when you get back from outta state. get at me been their plenty times cant get ahold of anybody though.
Does B1G rip joepa name off tourney trophy? Who replaces? Fry? Alvarez? Osborne?
Thanks for liking my page Jeremiah! :-)
see you there!
And let the peace of Christ rule in your hearts.~ Colossians 3:15
Cake cake cake!
Yeah, Kelly!
Thanks! This is so much better than yesterday's news about cognitive decline commencing ten train stations after thirty!
taking a walk down #NOLA memory lane :)
so is
Must be tough to be a female body builder what with lifting in heels and a bikini.
Justin, you should know since it is spelled correctly on the restraining order she has against you.
SO glad you posted this! Just registered (YAY!) & have a perfect song to submit, one I've been wanting to get out there. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Just got a call from Chase about setting up appt to talk about banking. Anyone else think sat morn is inappropriate for this?
Lana Del Ray
Wade has been playing like shit all series though.
the last thing imma say is..this is your year..God has been blessing u...but be patient he will give u exactly what u need
Feuding Officials Hurt NBA Players Union The labor battle between the NBA and the National Basketball Players Association was an ugly, pr
That awkward moment when you fall asleep while reading a book and then try to continue when you wake back up...
Life's Like A Dick, It Gets Hard For No Reason.
We don't want no skinny bitches, little bitches get out!!
CAN'T STUDY ANYMORE :o
I just got dumped for the first time in my life! Looks like it's back to my whorish ways.
My guy Bosh is out.. we still ridin
I wish the Pacers had at least one player famous enough to get a fucking call every once in a while.
Awesome opening for the #CMA!
it was what did it say...
really?? i'll ask her lol
"we came here with nothin" lol they hypin to the max haha
#rain in #rva reason to hoot 'n holler! #pollen is washing away!
DYK - A bag of Fritos has less salt than a slice of white bread?
if you're friends don't dance and if they don't dance, well, they're no fiends of mine.
SM is SOCIAL, 2-way street, a conversation requires at least 2 people...let students reply
Tony noms CBS! Now!
What's with all the pop ups on yahoo? they're everywhere now
saw you maher. Wow, you came off as such an arrogant hypocrite. You are the epitome of the political problem in the USA
Because the quality sucked. I'm not hating, just being real. Also, you wanna get better studio equpiment as well. But back to
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Make it a great day.
i like to think to think of smoking a lot of cigarettes as a form of folk-medicine.
Ha! You're basically a part of the family then. :)
Im still ride'n with San Antonio pops think he know the game better than me.
Good Morning Everybody
Goes well with kielbasa! Grab a friend and check out the Polish Hill Art Fest! Pottery, photography, paintings and more...
It really was. I wish I knew you were there! #NachosOnMe. I haven't seen you at the yet....
you're an ASSHOLE for putting a your company hash tag in that tweet. Dickhead.
Hmm, I kinda feel like a bad person now. Good thing I keep these comments to myself, mostly.
awesome win. nice work & RT: a win for #SKC! 1-0 goal by in the 93'. 3 points on the road!
Camera Fun Time. Take some shots of the artwork on your walls for posterity. In 20 years you'll say, "Oh that's right. I forgot I had that.
I Hate You Bro. You're A Cunt. Real Shit.
Happy bday enjoy it man
I want to sit on the couch & say super awesome and point to nothing & have Isaiah put a link in where Im pointing
just created my facebook page for Unforgettaballs- come take a look!
me-oh my gosh you saved my life. superman- I didn't shave your wife. me- whaaaa? Superman- dig! me- whaaa?
so i just locked my keys in my car
thank you Kristin! I'll gladly take that as a compliment even if it wasn't meant to be one <U+263A>
It's football season! Whats better than opening day of the season? The playing on opening day! #MerrySaintsmasEverybody!
“: Where r the fantasy f-ball players at?" join my league. We'll boot
#favoritelyric if the bags light, tell him call me Ricky, cuz you got some explainin to do.
The depressing part is how little time in my life I haven't been working those kinds of hours, so it took me this long to figure that out.
You're sweet...-BF
I love you, you sexy b***h
On the way to Plaza Bonita #RackOpening! Pre-opening Tweetup, let's go media socialites.
Any girl can be glamorous. All you have to do is stand still and look stupid.
There she is! :)
Follow me !:D
This rehearsal right now is torturous
Hey white liar, truth comes out a little at a time.
So beautiful outside after all this good rain. Need to churn through my work so I can get to the garden and plant potatoes.
Watching Wait Until Dark with Completely terrified already.
"The Bar Singer" trailer for the debut novel by Pete Berwick: via
nothing on the books yet. It's all Berlin and Zurich for now
As we proceed to give you what you need Get live mother fuckers
The fabulous #aam2012 start in 15 minutes! Minneapolis Ballroom B at the Hilton. Free champagne to toast the 47 winners
Tumblr is unblocked on the school wifi omgb best day ever
me and andre might, we chilln at my house for a few first . Ill have him txt you tmrw
1317- don't get mad for me saying this... But I lost all respect for you..
Merry Christmas to all & to all a good night
Thanks for the RT!!
Thanks for following us! We're proud of our #JerseyCity #smallbusiness community. See you soon!
Bitch please.
,isn't he the one who confessed to no serious discussion abt going to war
did you steal my Stella from the beer fridge today??
really? William Byrd is closed tomorrow because of a freakin' sinkhole.
Wisdom is the reward you get for a lifetime of listening when you'd have preferred to talk. - Doug Larson
Ginobli will be out 6-8 weeks 4 a broken hand...karma's a bitch, shouldnt have traded GEORGE HILL!!
Happy Anniversary!! Enjoy :-)
we just had a long, intense newsroom stare down. #awkward :p
On May 1st 1945 it was announced that Hitler had died. 66 years later on the same exact day we have news that Bin Laden has died. Crazy.
Pop music is about defying gravity. Some pop is lighter than air. But I always prefer the kind that uses big f----- rockets.
exactly. hi sam. i love you. now, do it, okay.
Hello everyone! I am an #arts marketer from Hong Kong, living/ working in Washington DC, finishing an MA in
Praying ->": We're checking reports that a child has been shot at a home in the 3500 block of Buford Highway. They do not have the age."
It was my pleasure! Glad you had a good time.
Flying out at 6:am. Bye Miami it's been wonderful :)
Hipster douchebag asked me for change. Denied. Get a job and a haircut, and lose the ironic hat and the f'n skateboard.
I know I miss y'all too! Tell her I said hey! Guess what today is?
Who do you guys think would make a good couple with: Kesha, Miranda Cosgrove, or Victoria J?
i had a blast this eve. forearms ache. ears ring. gotta work at 7am, and another show tomorrow! thankz to those who came out.
Something good just happened.
I bet the tacos at in Anaheim have Mouseketeer jizz on them.
ITS FRIDAYY FRIDAY FRIDAY YEAH!!! lol gotta love fridayys:))
you were stiching up the seams of every broken promise that your body couldnt keep, i think i saw you in my sleep
Hello! If you want to get our attention is the best account. The status one for service updates. :)
It's Monday. It's hot. Spend it in the #AirConditioning with us and get cool #Badgers #Brewers #Packers stuff! 608-241-8807
time to apply for that grant.
looks nice out!
haha that's what happens when you brag about 74 degree weather
yer so cool
thanks love! I hope your hip heals well! Love you!
Looking into this for you! I'll let you know as soon as I get answers...
Live view from out front storms passing to our east and west .
and pointless! Lol
and *fingers crossed* that I find out what this insider is lol
BABES CABARET THIS SUNDAY ON SCOTTSDALE RD ..MARCH13TH ..FIRST R&B AND HIPHOP NIGHT HOSTED BY
Oh gosh, he ought to know better than that! I'm a very loving sweet person but he would bring the wrath of myself on him.
PEACE DAY 2011 -the 14th Annual- May 14, 2011 KIDS, FAMILIES and FUN!!! Entertainment, Games, Prizes & FOOD...FREE!!! www.peacequest2020.org
RIP Gene Colan. I just heard this, sad news. An amazing artist and a very kind man. He'll be missed.
": Does your goal pass the underwear test? #99conf" /huh? What's that?
1/22 Special:Grilled Veal Chop on a Prosciutto,Asparagus & Fingerling Potato Hash w/Truffle Tossed Pea Shoots & Roasted Garlic Reduction
Glad to hear that our staff has been treating you well. Best of luck during your recovery.
i fux wit
Trying to explain "Wonder Twin powers: ACTIVATE!" to a 23 yr old colleague. Guess I've got to wait for the movie to drop.
Will do. Let us know if you ever need any cool etched #wine or liquor bottles for any events.
thanking god for all are blessing ....
I am located in San Francisco, CA
Student tech knowledge may look good but tech competence test much lower in readiness assessment.
Yes - but only after the monkeys figure out the potato peeler.
I like your style
which two?
completely jealous.
Did you eventually find us?
Judge Judy sexy hot. Her judgment interactions, fun to watch.
Hey man what's up, how's life been for you?
Thanks for the judicial advice. Only one last bubble to fill in. Thoughts on Prop 28?
RADIO VISIT - both stopped by this afternoon
Years ago as I was seekin the Lord, He told me that we'd begun The #GreatestLoveAffair It melted my heart =} Nothin compares 2 Knowin Him
Why doesn't #Idol pay for part of the homecomings? They're the ones & the city getting the publicity.
A fond farewell to a friend,Joe Sell,one of the most naturally talented musicians I've ever met passed away.You'll always be missed.
Approx 40 minutes till Monday Happy Hour begins! Come on by & while you’re here, be sure to make your Valentine’s Day Reservations!
what's up with that MIFMIB remix my friend???
thanks for the suggestion. Hope you had a safe trip back, and looks like I'll see you in July in Denver.
is up with her awesome project. I'm not her adviser but this one is still close to my heart.
I also need some aspirin or to go see a doctor. I've had a headache for about two weeks now and it just won't go away.
4/20 tomorrow! So what we get high(;
yeah, smoky bonfire
#meltingfaces I love the law, and if lovin' the law is wrong, I don't want to be right!! Great job guys!
After watching the season finale of #thewalkingdead last night, I can't help but have moments where I'm thankful for no zombie apocalypse
Really old King of the Hill is so well written. Holy crap!
Thanks bud! I Can't wait for it to get here
ShoutOut to ALL of the Haters Sitting & Watching & Hating on #RipTheRunway #RTR !!!
Don't mistake my highness for blindness, although I will avoid you and blame it on being high.
that girl at my game that tried to curse me out. LOLOLOL. pleasee. just
Chi city! Coming home again.
Starbucks and then it's nap time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
yea i think so
Taxation WITH representation isn't so hot, either!
Is it just me, or does Zach Randolph look like Eddie Winslow?
you can share!
I've done oil cleansing 4 a while, the trick is using the right oils for your skin + washing it all off!
to visit but ill be there for goon in April. whats ur #
It's terrible. The casting, the dialogue. This show is only saved by quirky plot gimmicks and the wrinkled lady.
Watching some Chloe Moretz videos on YouTube. She's so fantastic!
Hard day at work, I really didn't want to workout afterwards but hung in there and did it anyways.
I FEEL LIKE IM FOLLOWING LA FANS.. seriously! Youre Pens fans.. stop.. put that energy into another PGH team..
np! thats a nice name, where are you from? :)
ahh okay, i'll have to find it haha
I love the red hair!!!! Super cute boo!!
yes, we plan to hook up those that bought the digi w/ a discount on the vinyl.
show support for #teammindless we're in the lead and lets stay in the lead and win!!!!!
I'd favorite your tweet more than once if I could
Blessed are the hearts that can bend; they shall never be broken. - Albert Camus
Breakfast sounds nice right about nah!
its annoying when people say their ugly just to get attention.
Filner says he has a detailed jobs plan that focuses on the port, making it a major maritime center of the country.
Caught the comedy special. He had me & rolling! #Josep !
Trying to read this book for school but I keep getting distracted...
u at da game?
In library building design, it's important to expand and emphasize people space.
Who want a innerstate Ike verse? I got u for the low.. Let's wrk! Wats Hatnin ?
Need A New Avi Idea ...
Look on Yelp under Protect Painters Central Austin. You'll see that we're the best! It cost more to fix a mistake then hire quality to start
followed me ! <3 yayy (: just made my day !
Possibly next time I see them
I bottle my emotions cause I don't like when pople give sympathy.
I hear ya. But everyone has their price.
Mercury direct, thank Zeus! Full speed ahead for all! Go chase those dreams now! Y'all hear!!!
thanks zee! Got your entry!! :D
What does the universe have waiting for you today, tomorrow, next week! Gonna be good!
Omg! I was wondering what your tweet on Cinco meant. Congratulations :)
And I've barely been on tumblr <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>. That ain't normal for me
yes I'm not saying he played bad. I just think he is a bad fit. Coming from a goalie in myself. I just don't think he
soccer game tomorrow!
You know you say the word "like" to much when it finds its way into your tweets #oomf ---> "omg like I'm so like pissed"
Spring cleaning in January on a Saturday night. Call me crazy, but it feels right.
haha very nice! Umm could we get pics of you sporting a #surfohio tee by at various Washington landmarks?! !!
reverb nation is like a parent i never had that thinks they know what's best for my band. i can NEVER PLEASE THEM
A wise person does at once, what a fool does at last. Both do the same thing; only at different times.
lmao you're crazy girl!
Videos Coming Soon..
Tanner doesn't know what she's talking about.
Envious of all the high schoolers going to Prom right now.. #bucadibeppo <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009D>
#Boycott for helping sponsor the hate, racism & sexism of
Today is praise day at k love radio. Call and request He gave me this day to be played please. Thank u, Eric with Naked Like Adam.
LMAO well with ur girl it's juicy haha
No ! Wtf ? eh...Awkward. Um...I hope it wasn't weird talkign about Jose with you ? :o lmfao. And Victor really ?
Watch out! You're on my list of favorites, too! (no surprise, there, huh?)
you were the man this post season. I am proud to be a NINER fan. I am however not a KW fan right now. All Ways bring it hard
My head is fucking soft...
Now worries, I do appreciate you looking out :) May be unconventional but it works so far as each page serves a dif. purpose.
"The LORD approves of those who are good, but he condemns those who plan wickedness." Proverbs 12:2
VALENTINE COOKIES at GRIND, Library GRIND and EMS GRIND
Spent yesterday at Harpers Ferry, birthplace of the American system of manufacturing: interchangeable parts.
this is his first i'm this game
Pretty quick, I'll need their writing copy & payment to get started. Have them email me and I'll walk them through it
if you're in Oakland and need waxing come see me this Weekend
Its Time for Us To Show Yall We Real Hip-Hop...
My whole body aches;
newbies. With we had nothing else to do.
ESPN deportes better show Pep's speech
Just saw a preliminary study, due to be released, proving that teachers don't teach social studies in elementary school.
. , looking for those photos. Thank you for reaching out.
love it. Life guard and coached there.
Staging a twitter fight with
I don't understand the people who hate on Austin. How can you sit there and judge every little thing about someone you've never even met.
people be koo with u when u around them but they talk ish when they not around
I got my 1D tickets to Seattle 2013 in the mail today! Can I get a woot woot?! :)
Cool! Just to let you know, I'm on vacation next week so I'll try and get the mockups done today.
What up flo can I call you flo
Dear Niners, go out there and take care of business today. I won't be able to watch you guys kick some NY a$$ but I trust you'll handle it.
Trying to memorize tartuffe by Monday!!! Yikes!!
Damn . Just woke up bout to eat some food then start up a couple beats
listening to the October episode of sound project to start the day
Same :( :( Then I'm off to the Ville lol
Ok Twitter I been slackin but I'm back at my followers I can't say everything I'm doin to the public no more but trust me u will see it!
V100 All-Request Cafe is happening right now! Call 345-V100 with your song request or post it on the V100 FB page www.facebook.com/v100fm.
not my fault youve been working
RT : Once you realize everyone is screwed up, it makes life easier
Good morning world! I am dying for eight hours of sleep but fear that I will never have the time.
agreed! do tell.
...and we're back!
“Remember what happened, but know that you cannot move forward while looking backwards
Gonna be a bad ass w/ tomorrow. Sitting in the Senior Section @ not wearing our class colors. BAMF
Did a 2 hour interview on 710 Talk Radio for the song, "Santa's Littlest Elf has Autism." I'll post the play times when available.
To tell a person i love you but im not in love with you to me seems like a way to tell a person go fuck yourself! :D
I love my new underwears! They make my booty all perky lol ;)
LOL!! I have been singing that all day! Word is she got $2M for the commercial.
So close to being able to wash my hands of my taxes.
Core Java Interview Questions and Answers: String concatenation ...
Congrats to #MickeyCasab on an excellent death scene in tonights
thank you
Excited to be headed back to school tomorrow!! Should've got a new outfit lol.
Exciting news, Shauna. Great adventure ahead???
Yay! Have fun! #GoBrewers ": #Brewers Road Crew has arrived in Arizona for #SpringTraining!"
Happy Tuesday, everyone!
I wear a necklace, cause I wanna know when I'm upside down
I would be my wife's hero if I could get you to your new book for her.
lol that's cute.
I find it funny that pressed concert bootleg CDs have the gall to say "unauthorized reproduction prohibited".
- And I'll be looking for you on
The Tent is happening right now in the City Room!
I sleep to an endless loop of Theory of a Deadman.
We loved having you in Milwaukee last month. You were awesome!
I sent my dad gummy army men for Father's Day. To Phoenix. They arrived in a giant ball of gummy.
WTF I was listening to the radio and the song just cut off and some strange beeping noises started playing. ALIENS.
Who is going to watch the #Oscars tonight? So, excited to see what everyone is wearing!<U+E056>
thanks for checking out our jams!
busy week... local show, studio, then hitting the road... come have a drink with us
any #cheese sightings tonight to support Frank?
Thanks brother.
Good luck to the Ravens tonight. Beat the Jets!
Great day. Tony stewart won race yesterday. Deer jerky going on smoker and off to office do catch up on work
Me: Oh, hai Weight Watchers. ~A voice in the background clears throat.~ *turns around* Oh. Hi, Mint Milanos.
we set up a group meeting for 10:30am. i don't wanna have to wait for you cuz you're buying concert tickets...
I hate having to take pills to make myself normal.
#IUsedTo think when a friend said "Anything I can do to help", it wasn't complete and total bullshit.
I luv the most! His personality smile music and now how 2 treat a lady! I luv ya! Plz follow me
We are the burning ones and we will not be contained. Burning ones arise! Come forth!
blood and booze, screw PG!
Glad to hear.
Sweet Jesus check the live Coachella feed on YouTube --- THERE R DUDES PLAYIN COMPUTERS!!!!!!!!!!
Omg it's snowing in NYC in OCTOBER! What is the world coming to??
Without a doubt the thesaurus is my best friend.
Im looking at the "connector" over the person with "titles and degrees"!
OH NO!
On the ground in Austin. Want a burger.
'Harry Potter' Leaves Oscars With Nothing But A Tax Joke
Thanks... I am the limerick laureate of Dawgwood lane.. :-)
hi, so im sending you an invitation to my 15th birthday party, you coming ? <3
Wishing everyone the best of holidays. Start your 2012 at the Winter indoor market every Saturday morning 9-12
But rasins remind me of old people..ewwww lol
STEALING MONEY!!!
Wasn't I just putting on sun screen yesterday? Crazy NW weather...
Hi guys! What's Up? How are you?!
Cara and I have developed a retiring, somewhat defeatist Super Bowl commercial for next year: "It's nap time, America."
Bout to be off to "SDFX 2" Jam I have an automatic spot in the Top 16. Because I won the last pre-jam
so you jinxed them? Damn!
Eager to see what #Google+ will be like.
Rudy Gay is so cute to me
follow back and yall was suppose to come down her5e today!
What is the event about?
I love you Ollie <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> <U+270C>
Best thing I ever wrote: journals to record the cute things my kids say. The best things in life are free.
thank you Mary :)
Well, it usually ENDs with a bad case of the flu, if nothing else...
We sure will!
“: I can't get enough 's Jalapeno Crisps. I'm going to use them in another recipe today. Stay tuned!”
lol, nope, creating a profile for my S.O...&then I get to the actual application&first thing it asks for is SSN...duh?
yes I know holy crap and cheers homie! (no I am not throwing a Yolo in there) buahahah
like the Am-holes!??
Shit, im about to go download that song
Happy Friday! Be safe out there!
in an ideal world, we'd make decisions considering data on both educational AND social outcomes. But when there's no data...
Nate and Reece told me too !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> hahahaha
#YouShouldn't be too cocky, its a #TurnOff sometimes..
hose repair time
Scott Walker
I will be in Lawrenceville, aka #HIPSTERVILLE, so if you see me, say 'I'm #gettingitdone and you might have a #CoorsLight coming your way.
We need ur HELP...drop off ur use athletic shoe @ Durango HS or Help us reach our goal #Durango Project Sole Shoe Drive
o it be windy in
workin on some things jus tryna hold life down. you?
Join us tonight for dinner featuring our 2 for $25! Choose two great entrees for only $25
I close my eyes and imagine I'm home
<U+266C> Cup of tea, positive attitude, sunshine, music, songs, great people, fantastic fans, exceptional friends, who could ask for more <U+266C>
Dressing for rain is hard. I look like a confused hooker going in for her first legit job interview.
yep, presenting Monday, 8:15 am
Learn from and how to “go viral” at #wssmiami using social media & online marketing
no it isn't. I thought the world of him. Praying for you'll and love you'll
": #Libra's love an environment full of glamour and sensuality."
which one? I'll shout 'em out!
Reworking my website and school program flyers--check out the LOVE! www.ILoveYouMoreBook.com
Oh, it's been a while. Upcoming events have been TBA for two years. :)
A great choice for some after-regatta festivities is definitely (and it's within walking distance!)
having a twitter dedicated to
ha RT Touchdown Steelers. "We're streaking!!!!!!!"
Lets just call it myspaceface!!!!
But kay oohhhh
Ramp I got a heater... Need you on...Orphanz™
skip it
Our next show is on Sun., Jan. 29--free! all ages!--with a reception following. Bethel Presbyterian Concert Series in Bethel Park, PA.
I neva Was tha type to break they Heart until they Broke mine ' What goes around comes around Hearts were broken both times - Diiamon'd
T2 Maybe I should just get or to be my PCP... I feel they could meet my medico-political needs :)
You are...I'm just trying to look out for my best-est friend....Your not trusted, yet.! :)
who said??
Learning tips from the Grand Master of Memory, and there are pantyhose in the bushes at my parents' house...
Going to put out a short Minecraft video on my 2nd channel soon!
Lookin for a booking agent and publicist. Dm me your info.
lol lets try to get tickets to see him!! :)
#ImThatPersonWho is unique
I have a healthy obsession with trip hop.
Watching classic reruns of "Saved By The Bell"... Favorite show growing up - thanks for the memories!
One down, five to go. Hook 'em Horns!
> people that don't know how to use roundabouts
According to ExecuNet Recruiter Confidence Index executive emplyment mkt reached 22 month high in April; short-term outook equally optimist…
you were so lovely on live today. Got to see a little bit of your heart.
Goodnight, sweet dreams! :)
Attending Effective Subscription Management and Alternatives. We still have quite a large number of print subscriptions.
Thank you!!! Have a great weekend : )
Off to school :)!
Thanks a lot "Ace". Guess i have to do it on my own.
Dont ask god for things you never had ask him to recieve the things that are yours that he promised to you
I wear red a lot because it matches my eyes.
But I think your original point-that the weirdness of g.s. is that work sometimes looks like leisure-is totally right on.
Sunny and bright - what a great day for travel - on the way to Minneapolis.
“We must rapidly begin the shift from a "thing-oriented" society to a "person-oriented" society."
Forget it. I dont even care anymore. So done.
looks pretty cool! When will it ship?
it said 6060 fuckyou ;) whoever did it was getting personal I didn't know if it was for throwing the football at you lol
TY BOTH My Prayers Have Been Answered! They all contacted me! TY LORD! PLZ KEEP Praying 4 Those Trapped n Indiana
uh yeah... a totally awesome thing I must start doing immediately.
my bad you're not joking. You always try & claim someone is a player.. So I know YOU'RE bullshitting about that bein a joke
haha wouldn't that be the greatest? I think there is some kind of law preventing that, ill look into it though.
J.D. Power and Associates Reports: Home Improvement Retailers Continue to Differentiate Themselves Through Their Staff ...
yes he is! And will always be. Simon is paying respects today also. Follow me so i can send message off wall. Laine
Give , The Centre on Philanthropy in Bermuda, a big warm welcome to the Twittersphere! Via
incredible show. The chemistry you all have together is amazing. Very thought provoking & enjoyable. Great Job, Jay.
Oh i totally agree. Whenever I see behind the scenes, I immediately share it with everyone I know because I'm so excited by it.
Ryan Adams: "the left does not have a monopoly on victims. We're victims of the federal government
You're welcome! Thanks for the kind words! What's been your favorite restaurant from the list?
*sexy sax man skit on SNL* *dies*
Hope everybody had a great weekend! We're looking forward to #HumpDay at for 's performance for
I've got you both by at least a decade + HappyBirthday! great job w/ Marines on Friday Night Fights Semper Fi!
great interview and insight. Thanks for sharing.
yo when ya album droppin? Holla at me i make music videos. I can shoot a video to one of your songs
for someone that hates me so much why are you tweeting at me!?
hello how u
Take the attitude of a student, never be too big to ask questions, never know too much to learn something new. - Og Mandino #elevate yourslf
Thank you!:D
oh thats right!
Starting to think I shouldn't have taken that two hour nap today.
is worn out from her double water aerobics session this morning but still glad I stuck it out for the whole 2 hours!
I wear mine under my shoe
Some times I don't need the glory.
of course friend 4 life (or until twitter crash)
"U can lead a horse to water but ya cnt make em think ya digs wat I'm sayin I gotta keep it nice n greasy round this peace!" Money mike haha
Dam you only came with me so you could smoke. And then as soon as I'm not getting a g. You want to leave. True bestfriend.
No other modeling book out there even touches on what you talk about!
I will Never forget you You're in my Heart :** <3
just waiting for the hook now and its a wrap fans i want to thank y'all for the support and all the above
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Teenagers and College Students from all across the Charlotte area to come sell their gently used clothes to us!! :)
u guys crack me up!
bahahaha. i love you. that's perfect.
Amen to that! Happy Sunday! :)
I'm jus makin moves dolo..
I JUST saw that. Still can't see how they killed a guy....
Give a man an inch and he takes a mile. Give a girl an inch and she'll run a mile...and then tell all her friends.
Lots of opportunities to improve mobile interactions - where to start?!
Here's to the Mahomies who already know the lyrics to #SAYSOMETHIN by: <3 (:
America's Money Now is an awesome talk show. Find them on FB Page. :)
Diablo 3 servers down until about 1:30pm Pacific. Well… I guess that means I have no excuse not to do some work.
Oh i know, words of a ninja. Put em' in the history book. They'll come up in life... Hahha.
Indeed! RT : This is a perfectly beautiful moment to live, so give life the best that you have. ~ Unknown
The Heat should put a dog tazing collar on Chalmers w/ a remote & 1 of the ass. coaches presses it every time he does a stupid thing.
'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all
Wow, the author is so angry.
#CNNDebate ugh, Republicans suck!
doing la jolla half marathon, anyone want to come watch??
don't juice mushrooms ...tastes like feet (not that i know what feet taste like, but i'm estimating)
I feel like death, and I'm working. :(
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend
You don't understand how adorable you are.
I meant Dwight isnt trying to play tonight. He and Blake are over rated. Orlando can have bitch ass.
oh that's early /: haha my mom likes Damon and Jeremy more than Stefan lol-.-
learn about career opps in retail mgmt/HR in DC,AZ,TX,IL,MO, NJ, MD,VA,& AR by following me
I just read the best thing :D
have u been working at odd hours and eating horribly? That's how I got my Flu that put me on my A$$.
Jimmy johns should only hire females.
im sad.....anyone wanna give me a hug?
Currently rereading 'Mirrors' by Eduardo Galeano.
I'd be very interested in iPad workflow and tips over breakfast tomorrow
90 on Saturday.
TWITCAM YOU LITTLE WHITE CHINNED GANGSTER BUNNY
pissed to the max is wat it is bro I'm leavin next Thursday
you know it. ;)
hangin' @ hachi with family and friends
Hi there! Life is complicated but good. Finding my way. Still. How about you?
#USCricket need 31 runs from 24 balls to win. Nadkarni, who has been a bright spot fo the US, isn't playing today. Any 1 know why?
Feels like day one all over again!
nice, text pics.
Not in the mood for beer? Then head to galeria's on Broadway in #Seattle for half off #margaritas ! Time to cure your case of the #Mondays !
Great article, thanks for passing it along! And to answer your questions: yes!
That seventh grade French elective is really paying off today!
escape! time for dinner, pie making, and dancing!
For a sec., I thought I heard #ontheair. Alas, it was only & impersonating that singular voice.
'Tomorrow night, Pinky,we will come up with a new plan. One that isn't foiled by the atomic weight of gold.' ~ The Brain
If I don't have a place of my own, someone decent in my life, and some sort of schooling by this summer, I'm joining the Air Force.
The Office of the Registrar is LIVE on Twitter! Follow us for important deadline reminders, enrollment updates, and much more.
Oh... well I just wanted a break from Twitter This phone sucks the Touch Screen is slow like....
long time :-). I use logic.
Eating champ with organic scallions from my very own windowsill garden. *(^.^)* yummy yummy <3
Ladies Night $1 drinks and Live Jazz/Funk/Soul Music every Wednesday , who's stopping by this week??
so excited big electronic acts are comin back to Summerfest!! Just please don't schedule #PaulOakenfold & #Tiesto the same nite!
SHOUT OUT TO LILKIM AND MANY BLESSINGS, SO BEAUTIFUL
Three things are needed for a good life, good friends, good food, and good song
These are the playoffs...unless a Van Gundy starts humping your leg, let them go at it!!!
super excited to read it :)
The Pope has arrived in Santiago de Cuba. Raul Castro is welcoming him, calls Cuba/Vatican relationship "very good"
so it's filled with walkers basically?
Skinny = anorexic , thick = obese , virgin = too good , non-virgin = slut , friendly = fake , quiet = rude. You can never please society.
Support Group at your service
for a very important project in smart metering & LCA / logistics... Smart grid applications on LCA & supply chain energy reduction
Great to hear from you. I'm happy to see you working on #Wiunion organizing. The fight needs talented people like you.
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups of the day are Broccoli and Mushroom. Sugar Free Lemonade is Blueberry Mint.
fun quiz to help remember which their/there/they're to use.
seeing #slowdanceinmidtown with !
playing halo
Sorry that there's no post today. I've been busy with birthday things! :-)
Yo shy get Jimmy Johns for tha fifth night inna row? Or a Burger from Fridays? Ps yu a beast ryt now
but not the gstj app! It's better <U+E057>
Office holiday party. I mean, if you want to pay me to hang out with you, that's fine.
#DearWeekend can you please bring back the sunshine?
watching the second year mfas do the scottish play !
HES SEXY AND HE KNOWS IT
leon thomas and daniella for me. and davis cleveland, bella thorne, and zendaya. are you followed by any celebrities?
im flattered
Do you have a special story to share with us regarding your aroma diffuser? Share your experience by mentioning us
long time no talk tho
Suspected operational head of al-Qaida arrested at Cairo airport, Egyptian security sources tell NBC News
“ #Pretty Boy Life I love my followers !!!!”
Thanks Bob, We are very excited for the shows this weekend!
Gooch making his first start for Sporting Lisbon today, though club is down currently down 2-0 to Paço de Ferreira.
Thank you so much. Let us know if you have any questions about the designs :)
Lynda.com and I are having an intense weekend together.
don't say how are the kids I feel so awkward *christina the cuban*
follow me please i love you so much <3 [
You are an amazing man DW! You inspire me to be successful! We've met several times and everytime, you're the same! Never fake...
"you make me sick. You'll see them this summer!!"
I'm watching man TV with the men.
RT I'm all for having confidence but crop tops aren't for everyone
RT : shooting set at if you're gonna be there come say hi & you might make it on
Thats awesome!! Say hello from me :)
my tongue feels like beef jerky
I'm completely dry thanks though at least I know who you are hahaha
yea... Lol I usually don't have feelings at all..
if you want really funny tweets then follow and
holy shit that new wasp they found is huge
UPS guy just dropped off my new pair of brown suede Clarks!
I like your blog.
tonight is the last night of this shoot. In LA the 15
SOO MUCH LOVE TO EVERYBODY WHO FOLLOWED hope you enjoy the track as much as I do!
what's wrong?
Haven't tried that 1. " I'm a brownie and chocolate chip freak
Who is the best summertime band?
Thanks everyone for all the great feedback on episode 13, our Desire reflections. Can't wait to record part 2!
Ok, it's official: is the most honest, sweeping portrayal of humanity in the history of any medium.
#COUPON: 20% off any #jewelry repair service. Mention this tweet to cashier to redeem! #Paradise Valley Mall
I had a feeling someone would think so..the things I think about while doing laundry haha! <U+E409>
Had my first HF QSO tonight. My fellow #HamRadio geeks will appreciate that. But still a few antenna tuner woes.
We have to #preserve even items created using #proprietary software. That might mean buying the software.
A lot of great tweeting on #CIFswim, #CIFtrack, & #RCCsoftball by & this weekend.
Okc Need To Beat The Celtics Tonight :)
Dear <internet retailer>, please don't mass-email me about a sale on products that aren't listed on your site yet. Am I supposed to guess?
Hey, what are you guys talking about in the History of Now session?
hmm that must be fun. do you watch canadian idol?
you're doing some heavy lifting running point on race conversation...appreciated...!
MT : Chun: networks spatialize temporal, to map impossible totalities, but also engender the unpredictable future.
That one person you can trust>>>
Don’t miss out on the auction everyone is already talking about. Coming to
Saw gripe about vendor doing "Harry Potter" search at an academic. Just had one do it. Must warn; academic librarians pretentious.
Gotta love small towns - call for an eye doc appointment, getting in tomorrow. None of this waiting weeks big-city crap.
Not a Smith fan either. I'd enjoy Curry a lot. Gets to the QB. Like Crick but don't see the JJ Watt comparison.
Dos Santos comes out to Rocky theme music...the original..not Survivor.
:/ oh man...sorry. Like I said though, don't let it get to you. And you are unblockable to a lot of other people :)
I.S.D. Locksmith Pacific Beach offer up to 50% on local Locksmith services: $15 re-key ur Locks, $45 Lockouts services
Do do do do do FORTY FIVE FORTY SEVEN!
New Release. Bachata with Trombones......
And that's your ballgame. 3-1 Mariners in 11 innings. Ichiro gets 5 hits in home country. All-nighter was worth it. HAPPY BASEBALL SEASON!
Don't know what I'm doing tonight
The iEconomy: Apple x2019;s iPad and the Human Costs for Workers in China
Congrats to the #badgers on a great season
Happy that Manny is going home! I hope the Sox can keep going.
I nominate Ed Flynn for city superhero ...
#DearGod thank you 4 another day to pursue my passions & fulfill my purpose. Give me the patience to deal w/ppl & a heart of humility.
hope you feel better beautiful!
Braun should come to the plate while Paul McCartney and Wings plays
request sent
Oh! It is fun :) It'll be my third time going this year. I'm hoping my friends in TCOA get to play
Hey, sorry it took so long to respond. Can you tell me a bit about your business?
Nothing like starting the week off right with 's spinning class/hell! Id say everyone should join but I'm possessive of good classes
Get this title back brauhma bull
you are SLAYING me, girl! Thanks for the chuckles.
#Imagine You're lying on the couch with Liam's arms around you and your eyes closes. Liam kisses your cheek and says:''You're beautiful.''
I have the perfect track for you produced by Boss Doss at CoRic Music get at me. Keep doing it on em! Dopest female in hiphop!
mane I'm n Miss.
"Higher education cannot be a luxury." Yesssireee!
I hate it when you have to do that! ;) RT : Forgot about the headache of the tin foil
I will! All good!
Girl Scouts at Fair Oaks Raley's = future leaders. 5 customers deep & they don't miss a beat, still catching anyone walking by
Thank you and especially who made this visit to Nashville my most memorable.<3
So sad to miss #artstechsf first meet up tonight :( folks, take photos and have a drink for me!
My hair is acting up today. :P Oh wait... I'm a guitar. xD I don't have hair! Psh.. xD Wait.. How am I typing?! O.o
If he was a mistake u were the biggest mistake ever and I regret it all
Wow, so close yet see/hear/smell nothing RT : Firefighters on the scene 77 Underwood street NW with heavy fire on the second floor
Spring is fast approaching. Make sure you have all of your outdoor gear ready for all of your outdoor activities.
I ordered mine last night. I rule.
Facebook is Lame. GO TWITTER!
i need answers! >:[
When oh when will we able to charge through wifi?
How many of u guys forreal honestly would've fucked the white girl in the movie
Exactly. Offer them a few G's over minimum and Josh Butler. RT : Trade for him.
RT : We’re excited to help more farmers’ markets welcome SNAP customers–this is good for low-income families & helps boost...
So my Mini dance studio will be ready on Dec 19th!!! Excited
hey honey!! Glad ur feeling well!
“Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.”
That is very possible, but I always felt that it was just empty!
good to k ow Ricardo. Good to know.
THIS FOLLOWING LIMIT WTF?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?! IS THAT?!?!?!?!?! HONESTLY ITS DUMB.. so anyone who is following me that i aint following back srry
Have an #Empowering Day Ms. S!! #EmpoweringWomen #Fuchsia Muahs
do we get a two hour delay?? That wld be great if we did :-)
HI I LOVE U
hey just got a new samsung gravity this phone is awesome
u geh a excuse thats why
The countdown begins, Boombozz number 6 in Indy is getting ready to set sail. Best Pizza by Food Network. 24 beer taps, 9 of them local.
I loved that piece.
game of thrones?
What I dream of? Yes, just to live...breathe ...love ...and know that I loved! And appreciate every moment...Because our life is unique...
Reasons why im wierd- my cat tried to eat my fish
~When you feel discouraged about yourself or your circumstances, remember that God made you and loves you just the way you are.~
Happy Birthday <3 :D
dear mom, is it really necessary for you to say "I wonder how your friend is doing" every time I mention work? I DON'T KNOW AND DON'T CARE.
iight man haha are you staying the whole show
my mike smackin =)
Thanks guys! RT : Showing love and appreciation to for the follow. Online music mag out in Seattle!
Would you be willing to change your whole outlook?
the blinds wide open so he can see you in the dark when your sleeping.
I get very, VERY excited when I see a group of Amish people. Like, what are you doing? You're AMISH? That's still a thing? Really?!
what is that?
I only play the kinect sports 1 & 2, they're a lot of fun though
Monday morning blues getting you down? Take that plastic bag off your head, silly!
thanks dearie! i was thinking late summer? saving my pennies for South America!
So many kids receiving free swimming lessons today- and USA Swimming Foundation gave Chula Vista $5,000 to educate more instructors
Up. Agenda: Completion of packing/cleaning, shower, bagels, and eventually, HOME!
(Also) Today in Literary History: Nobel-prize winning author John Steinbeck ("The Grapes of Wrath") was born in Salinas, CA in 1902.
kasha would look great in that!!
I stand corrected--who needs the Stratosphere rooftop coaster when you have the SFO parking structure. Thx for braving that. :)
I have a weird crush on Capt. Sig Hansen.
Im sorry for everything . Every single mistake ive made . Im sorry.
Stale Oreos are the bomb.
ANYONE WHO GIVES ME ANY KIND OF SHOUT OUTS ... ILL GIVE Y'ALL A SHOUT OUT RIGHT BACK!:) so, have those shoutouts coming!!! :D #thanksguys!
Can my Mother in-law ever act like there's not a stick up her ass when she see's me? Didn't think so.
Anthony Bennett throws down a similar behind-the-back alley-oop for 63 points.
Then we told each other the thoughts and feelings that were underneath our reactions
A warm greeting to and thank you for following Tom Shaw Trio!!
Just started watching 'Archer,' so I guess now I don't have to try crack.
hate it sometimes when lil boys have to grow up its sad
I just want something great, something new, something thats all for me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
That sounds absolutely amazing Mark!! So will you be going like all over the states for it?
How can Sen Manchin vote against the women of WV?????? Thank you Sen Rockefeller.
so true. Yet their silence speaks volumes. And not necessarily in the good ways. :)
URBAN DICTIONARY: "Girl Bye" TRANSLATION: Most commonly used after one female is in a friendly disagreement with another female.
thanks :). Glad you love them! Can't wait for the save the dates and invitations.
what a shame Satchel Paige could not have had a long MLB career! No telling what he would have accomplished.
360 people who can't see anything in shibuya who can't see anything coming because they have keitai two inches from their face.
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat
Sometimes to win, you've got to sin. Don't mean I'm not a believer.
We will actually be closed for the Super Bowl. But we will open for normal hours on Monday.
Nice! If I had to get a new one, that's definitely the color I would get. And yes, always always lock her up!!!!
I'm the world's biggest bandwagon Pacers fan lol
You drive me insane.. After i walk away you make effort.
waiting eagerly!
Bronco defense needs to be revamped, re-tooled and OMG...get someone who can stop the run
#kids Gospel Mass / Services: Gospel Mass / Services Sunday, May 20, 2012 at 10:00 AM Our Mother of Mercy 1001 East Terrell Ave., Fort...
We're taking a break from recording this week to prepare for The Weekly Current 2.0. Send us some songs, yo.
Haha! I heard Spicy Buffalo and Bleu Cheese wafers were the new thing! RT : Washing my hands before communion
bought myself shoes with (my) money. hahah.
If April showers bring May flowers…what brought the April showers?
Our pets heads are falling off!
"I arise... torn between a desire to improve the world and a desire to enjoy the world. This makes it hard to plan the day." - E. B. White
Socialjusticesexuality.com to find out more about us!!!!! *(-_-)*
Do you have a schedule?
Fashion is what you adopt when you don't know who you are
I wouldn't get any work done there, I'd look out the window all day
I am so so so blessed tonight I had the wonderful opportunity of meeting the talented Alan and Marilyn Bergman!
Hate Mondays. & it's not even Monday yet!
RT : Four key players to watch who must respond at Final Four are Elijah Johnson, Kyle Kuric, Marquis Teague & William Buford.
1st question is to Gayla Jamison: How does she organize her crews for international production? Also when do you decide to use subtitles
Psalms 119 is a faith decree of epic proportions.... speak in agreement with these words out loud and charge your inner man.
team salty
you're apart I'd it in spirit...?...
I see youu , lol I'm tryna get back up there once I get my shit right .
RT RT "Turn your phone off!" "Pshh, like that's going to happen!" *puts phone on vibrate*
Sniper elite v2... Oh my goodness
i dont lick balls. sorry
I LOVE when teams do the "White Out" t-shirt thing. Memphis came up with a fresh idea today
Hot, hot conditions predicted for Monday's Boston Marathon. It's like 1908 all over again....
24 hours is just not enough time in a day for me to do what I gotta do.
Btw this is also a construction zone. Awesome
We here are so curious.....what did your Girl Scout Troop think?
Ofcourse! Hey, this is your two week warning until I'm in town! Let's do something fun!
Secret of life is being able to have an ironic attitude about constant change of manners but still have attachment 2 our values -
Breakfast club to cap off a long week!
She says she wants my heat..
Anyone that's following this account
I'm up guess ill pray, that's the best time 2 pray early n the morning :)
Today is #National Champagne Day & game 7 World Series. How perfect!? #go Rangers! Tonight-costume party, bubbly, game watching!!
This rain got me thinking tho
yeah it didn't sound too good, I listened anyway and it was great to hear you get it fixed
Go and follow , she play in JONAS LA !
Night at home drinkin' and listening to pandora.
i procrastinate so much it's not even funny
Merry Christmas to you and your family!
Just gave my mom flowers and now taking her out to breakfast. (:
The time stuff is really cool (that's what I've been working on this AM actually)-- are you aware of the 'lubridate' package?
Working on hand2ear.mp.
Now taking dates for appearances, speaking engagements, competitions at schools, juvenile detention centers, etc.
Long, long day.
you gone crazy
thanks,glad you liked it.
Yes. Worked with the programming team on slotting on the films. Moving up... A little.
Here we go! Cats Cats Cats!
Had a great time with family and friends in FL. Good to be back in the Big Apple.
To all u bum niggas&pussy hoes who throw dirt on my name ---->
You're a RockStar! “: hands on hair cutting class was a success yesterday. Now off to Nashville to rock the stage...
No one will be talking about Pinterest this time next year. True or False?
Crewtide: crowdsourced viral video. We help indie filmmakers enter $60B industry of branded storytelling.
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. ~ Dwight Eisenhower
Ha hell nah
I totally agree. They did sign up for contact football but the equipment that's being used is cheap IMO and they don't tackle
Just told one of my students I remember the days before Facebook. He looked shocked and said, "I didn't know you were THAT old."
How late is party on 21st? Flying back from conference that night. Ill make sure team is there though!
WORD <U+2665> Same Here Boy ,
omg if he did (which maybe he did, you never know) that would be so awesome!
Hurry & make your way down to ! Happy hour is almost done! Come and check out our various food items and don't forget $1 Olympia!
Americans will spend more in taxes in 2012 than they will on housing, food, and clothing combined.
It's 2012, #TheKilling. You don't get to go up to the gate without a ticket. Ridiculous.
Ghana Imports Wood
"SALSA ES LO QUE HAY" @ 10 PM EST. DJ REY BORICUA IN THE HOUSE!!! JOIN THE CHAT!!! NO SE LO PIERDAN!
It'd be so much easier if people just stop assuming I can guess what they want from me.
Chas bono is in dwts and he is in it to.stay , haters find.something more productive to do , he is just another human being ...
Father, son charged
Game of Loans: Compound Interest, Compound Fractures, and Mafioso Lending Practices
No kobe;) we will. See how Blake do
Ray J's penis was longer than Kim Kardashian's marriage... Just sayin'
Frankie Bailey signed on to #marc11 #tweetchat - desginer/web programmer and small business owner looking to give back!
It's Friday Fun day! What are you doing this weekend?
r.i.p bestfriend r.i.p shawn
three dates with WHO?????? Shed never cheat on me
Great day ,(: rae gets to come over this weekend ,(: #lovin'it
I work for the MN Historical Society. Plus I get excited about the overlap between content/digital/visitors/users, too.
Anyone know where #USA #cricket kit (team shirts) might be available for sale? I mean, other than FantasyLand?
why aren't you in Houstron for the #TRAIL meeting?
Highest excellence is like water in its benefiting all things and in its occupying w/o striving the low place which all men dislike. Lao Tzu
Stephen Joyce will howl!~Don
I miss summer 2011 with <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
i ms you
Went to drive husband's car today, and miraculously the gas tank was not on empty.
We update our website all the time-- today even. It's at 5thavenuecinema.org Sign up for our mailing list at our 1st show!
Love watching #Oscar speeches like Octavia Spencer's. The emotion is just amazing... what an awesome feeling to achieve something so great!
My serve was on just now. Love that feeling.
Don't worry, I have not forgotten about you. :) Things have finally slowed down, so review copy coming soon!
Why are you always breaking my heart? </3 I was there for you, when NO ONE ELSE WAS! Now I hear your with a guy, it breaks my heart...thanks
glad to see the geffen moca is a repurposed warehouse... speaks to my inner miser
i love you <3
. not sure why anyone would consider taking beverage advice from someone who can't even spell "succumb."
- I'm impressed with all of your running! "Keep on truckin'."
Going to 5th period when there is 8 minutes left and knowing the 3 pages I was working on are done >>>>
My intern started looking into that for me Monday.
Is it the Bahamas? Oh, please let it be the Bahamas.
Exciting talk with a documentary producer about small businesses in America. We want to call it "This land is made 4MeNU" obvi.
: did you get my facebook note?
Hehe no worries (: x
a panorama app in the iphone store. Its free. Better than the last one I had.
"You have a very powerful mind that can make anything happen as long as you keep yourself centered." ~Dr. Wayne W. Dyer~
hi food friends - looking for some healthy cooking blogs, can you recommend a few?
Today is the first day of the summer term! A warm welcome to all new and returning students!
Me: would u love me if I had one arm? Bf: I'd love u if u had no arms Me:<3
Look forward to seeing you tonight!:)
lmao. oh wow
Meech started drinking plus he aready did give a fuck so he really started gettin JUICED UP, Meech Dogg JUICED UP on youtube...
I sure am talking a lot about drugs lately.
truly the dream
Thanks to and 12K people showed for an awesome exhibition game in Toledo. Great way to start the season.
Idk..we just ordered pizza
#FF Follow them! They are the Best so Hit the follow button! :)
Hard work builds character..whether you like what you are doing or not
The bible is more than a coaster for your coffee, a place to hide a note or decoration in your room. The bible is inspired.
Ok cool! Dad loves MP and got me hooked on it.
i forgot how stupid twitter was...
youtube is messed up. every time i go on it to watch a new video it says there have only been 301 views when in reality it's like 1 mil -_-
One of those days! Just listening to Drake's Take Care featuring Rihanna! It really gets me so I'm checking out the video on youtube....:)!
lol fine can't wait to hear!!
i cut my mouth today.. ..with a spoon, shit gettin' dangerous !
the ps3 game tester is valuable because they need to know how the members of their target market think and what they look for in videogames
God Bless U Bruce Jenner
RT: : Today’s the day! Join us for a FREE Disney concert with Tay Barton at 1:30 pm! Which is your child’s favorite song of hers?
IK MY ICON IS PURE SEX!!!;)
facebook is kindy of beter then twitter o im just kiding k lol
We are hosting all 56 MarineMax locations this week for the Proprietor's Club Manager's Meeting here at Lake of the Ozarks! That's an honor.
On my way to Verizon Center for Caps-Rangers game. Weird to be going to hockey when it's 80 degrees.
Well you know it's hard to recall things that were boring. Kinda the point of being bored by them...
Is this something new for Chicago? I figured it was like that every year.
Welcome to our Twitter page. Be sure to hit the "Follow" button to stay plugged into our upcoming spring deals!
In 3 years of going back and forth to MI from WV, we've never hit much traffic. Today? Insane amounts. So aggravating.
Good tip.
glance left
We got some great new edibles in over the weekend....good timing b/c it's 20% off all edibles all day Monday!
Hell yah! I wud be soo pissed if some one hurt Vinny or one of them!
interviewing for a roommate with is a bizarre concept
i was watching it and im like whats the name of this movie cause theres no commercials u had the answer
My dreams of a career at SeaWorld are over. They dug into my past and found out about my crimes against a manatee.
We took a back road, we're gonna look at the stars, we took a back road in my car.
Dear You MUST retweet if not for the LOLs!!!
Zimmerman's brother shouldn't have come on TV... unprepared dumb $
Sweet! Let us know when you get that going and how the results turn out! ;) cc:
doesnt shave, his beard grows to the perfect length and stops.
did you know if you say "orange" really slowly it sounds like your saying gullible?
Damn. Best steak I ever had from #BOA #merrychristmas to me. Thanks for a wild night.
Thanks, Dan! How've you been??
I really want to go to the beach! Anybody wanna take me to Florida? I'll love you forever!
Trained quads tues an they are still screaming at me right now.
Sleigh Bells: gave me goosebumps right outta the gate!
#ARealBoyfriend always puts her first
Welcome to WI!!! Can't wait to see you don the Green and Gold! Very excited to see what you will do! GO PACK!!!
love the pick the highest klout score app!
it says you follow me !
Hey San Fran! Come get some of our prints, tees, stationery and other goodies at today & tomorrow!!!
Anyone else playing "Hanging With Friends?" Hit me up - greenestman
#teamjacob...He's the better guy. Let the melee begin!!
RT : Re Q4 - Aleks, Knewton, LearnSmart and even GRE & SAT are all examples of adaptive products that are out there
Thanks so much!
boy it was like heaven in a nigga's mouth.
He gave me hope. He made me believe. He saved me. And HE is Austin Mahone.
To succeed in business, to reach the top, an individual must know all it is possible to know about that business. -J. Paul Getty
Amor est vitae essentia => Love is the essence of life
Republicans like hate gay people so much they have given up doing any of the people's business if it means gays get any rights.
Big congrats to for completing your undergrad degree!! #You'reAwesome
Many face insurance gaps new study by The Commonwealth Fund shows - and for the most part, people went without health insurance because t
Well are depositing your winnings?
Outside coffee run wearing my library staff badge: Little girl asks "is that a picture of you?" Yes! "Then why are you wearing it?"
dancersaurous.... is a dancing dinosaur..therfore I too, am a dancersaurous
Authenticity = saying and doing the things you ACTUALLY believe.
I barely understand most of what she's saying but it all sounds so nasty
It's my pleasure. Looking forward to your tweets!
Your welcome,what do you do?
I'm tired of goin out smh
Thanks!!!! Hey, will we see you at Taste if the Nation?
So there I was no crap, sleeping in my car... had a crazy dream... and started writing... i wonder if this is how inspiration starts lol
Awwwh he misses me <U+2665>
The Bible is trucked full of lifecoaches that are free; and you really don't need a lifecoach that isn't the holyghost
Yayt brother and his gf is here right now!!!
I want you to make me feel like I'm the only gay in the world. Like I'm the only one you're gonna blow... Wait.. That was dirty. Lol
All of my email exchanges with my boss today have been done in sticky caps. I will never have a better job.
Is debating.....
You really know how to put a smile on someone's face.
Time 2 pick up all of our broken pieces & let God make us Stronger, & Wiser with them. We'll never be the same. #BeBlessed:)
Awe okay, we shall go see it! :)
Im thinking location & privacy can go hand in hand. Do I really want people to know where I am? Might update #foursquare as I leave
In Nova Scotia, a regional magazine went for something more permanent than a day-long event… like “bricks-and-mortar” permanent
Founder & Former CEO of Travelocity.com will present "The Business of Innovation" @ Roadmap11 on 5.19! Register now: www.roadmap11.com!
- great things ahead in Austin, tx for - will miss SF!
#tabletalk is on the air now in for some savory convos
Wow. That's so like something my dog would do. Good luck.
naw, something else entirely.
hahaha, I wish I was there. I would've busted out laughing. Anyways what does Ms. George look like?
But I hvent been on the computer..... I'll try again right now ^_^
real talk from real people is worth real listening...
wrong! Owen hart is the best heels ever!
You will know that forgiveness has begun when you recall those who hurt you and feel the power to wish them well
T-10 minutes until appears! My crappy week is about to turn around.
hey stranger
not possible... their can be only one riehl deal!
theblack-crown.com updated right now check it out!!!
Second cig since I've been in bed. I don't even smoke cigs
that is excellent news. I was reading the manuscript this weekend and look forward to seeing it in print.
thanks for the invite.
don't get me started. :) good enough.
I was hella outta pocket last night to #oomf but she always has something to say about my sexuality.
Nice to have met you IRL! :]
I'm pretty sure you got them beat over at Wally world
W Jake from airforce, Out on deck, east side (right when come outside). Meet us out here?
I love grant too. Seems like a lost cause...
Im hands like a iPhone or a laptop or a iPad/so I make money like a ball player so my pockets look like thigh pads/-Gucci Mane
IF you want to know what's going on financially, and well below the radar, check out www.zerohedge.com .... absolutely fantastic stuff
But are there kumquats? cc
To tumblr or not to tumblr is the question- I'm so behind in technology
So. A 270 sq ft jumping castle & 16 ft water slide into a 9' kiddie pool (32' long overall) isn't overboard for a 1st birthday party. Right?
#Forever72 I'm going to make a store called that and its going to sell Austin Mahone clothes and accessories! :D
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing - Dale Carnegie
hah I would if I wasnt all comfy in my bed right now :p let's go soon though! Are we all going out to kent tomorrow still?!
Just had a #MelibeeU workshop w/ a GREAT group of folks interested in a career in int'l student advising. Their future employers r LUCKY!
ooohh and nm listening to music(:
The refs and Paul Martin are the death of the Pens
i need more followers!! haha
I'm leaning toward Dinocalypse Now by or Throne of the Crescent Moon.
Hey kids! Never ever try to run from a vampire while running on a treadmill. He'll catch you. I'm just saying...
The grand opening is on the 5th
Manee i felt likee a pimp while i was doin it ;)
dude. you'll be able to get right on carousel of progress and the land!
Ray Sr. will call you today.
Thanks for following!
Embrace the clones. We come in peace.
New Santigold and Nora Jones in the same day. Fuck yes.
get back me. I wanna know more about your situation
- I'll bet you the Nuggets can keep JaVale McGee and do it at a reasonable price.
Any of my followers listen to Aidonia....RT
im following can you please give me a shoutout ? <3
I LOVE blueberry pancakes! With whipped cream.
when are you leaving??
it went really well! too bad you couldn't join us
From the window, to the wall, to the sweat drips down my balls, to all these bitches crawl. Best 200th tweet ever.(:
would like to do some work with you fan
Big thanks to for spending some time with the winter class. Great opportunity for all of our teams!
Chicago #Bears sign 2nd-round pick Alshon Jeffery
Safe to say you're in the minority.
Happy B-day, Coach! RT : It's Da Coach's birthday--Mike Ditka 71 today. He's every bit as fiery as he was 25 years ago...
it says it couldn ot be found sorry sis
I remember when I used to tweet. Those were good days.
Ringer's Kristoffer Polaha will be on The Talk this afternoon! Don't forget, Ringer's SEASON FINALE is tomorrow at 9 on CW20!
Thank you for the #FF!!!
Crazy at what's cool now
Brass-A-Holic Wednesdays in effect tonight 12 Bar! see you at the 12!
We have her on about twice a year and I *swear* that's what she sounds like. I'm going to have to find a clip
imagine what? hahahh i'm lost :p
Watching some Tom and Jerry.... Those fellas crack me up lol lol
You can wait on the sidelines while others pass you by or you can take advantage of the incredible new opportunities in front of you.
Only if that image was not radically marred by our first parents' sin.
Today is going to be a high of 54°F with winds and chances of snow.
haha well get our asses to the beach... But not in the ice cold water
you're welcome, hey I didn't send you a DM right?? Saying something about a blog about you?
Community Calendar
yeah me 2 she doesn't fit in any other group
Whenever U hear it, I except a cutaway shot of the audience, all being manikins.
"No, thank you for this moment."
Happy Good Friday and Happy Easter to all of our fans!
I can not get over all of the trash on TV. Why do I pay for this again??
#chicultural2012 Attendees are currently voting on top three issues derived from Town Halls.
Occupy Pauls Club Rally up and running. Myself and headling, DJ has declined to appear.
RT I don't know whether to cry or get really angry. We get #CrAnGry at our football team, it's very effective.
Not nearly as loopy as I'd like.
maybe later
My mind-----> completely blown.
I just wanna go home. there's more important places I could be right now
Oh no! Whats going on? Hopefully you still got to enjoy your soup!
Suh cant catch a break.
Oh sorry.. Nvm
I will sometimes order a pizza under Torchwood.
Mom has lost it. She made us chase down a man to get his license plate number because she accused him of stealing gravel. One shovel full!
The Celtics served us in the series but playoff Wade is a whole different Wade
I'm actually in the Boondocks, BK
it's just now morning here! Good morning! :-)
Support your local newspapers!
ha! Right on...
BUZZ, Indigo Tree Publishing's first novel. is now available in Chinese in e-book, even as Apple begins to expand its stores in China.
I jus wanna re R.I.P. Whitney Houston from the goofs to the real my heart misses you every day
You could say to the officer, "I thought the M stood for Me. It does, right? And you have a U on yours for You."
Even though you might not tell me how you feel I know how you feel without words
CHILLIN BY THE FIRE WHILE WE EATIN FONDUE.
#FF Follow some of these peeps my tweeps!!
True thats why u gotta make em lov u when u perform so they will wanna buy ur music, they will feel as tho u deserve it
haha i got some up from marthas phone
my point exactly, ad if you call in she can't do anything
yes cause to much seems like its not real. We like them daily like " you look nice" or "you smell pretty" little things
I wish the average American sports fan could comprehend what is doing at Fulham this year.
#mygirlrmx why you love me really so so much im just kidding u know i feel the same she gigglez wen she kiss me...
Just ran 10 miles I'm taking on your challenge!!! Lol loose 30 pounds smh road to redemption lol
Enjoy it while it lasts #Athletics fans. Inge probably won't get you another basehit for a couple more weeks the way he hits.
Mostly Canadians, 0 from Ontario. Strange but he is talking about it like it's the JFK assassination.
need your order number send in a message you don't want your info out there=)
wow;) this has been a wonderful day :) & now it's time to sleep! tweet U'll tommorrow :)
So today has been the only cheat day this week, ah? Ha. Love ya.
amazing concert. Michael Grubbs is an amazing talent (and a really sweet guy xo) thanks for doing what you do :)
Watching my first Telegu movie. I've also seen one Tamil movie, and a whole bunch of Hindi movies.
going to shower quick
im confused is the chat today or tomorrow? Yesterday you said it was today and now its tomorrow?
The kids across the street challenged me to a water fight, so I'm currently boiling the water
praise the Lord that Tomorrow is a white day.
Emotionally: I'm done Mentally: I'm drained Spiritually: I'm dead Physically: I smile. I am trapped in this fucking hell hole
that's so great! Let us know how it goes so we can do a follow up! If you have a way to take Video.. Post a sunrise shoutout too!
Honestly all I can really say is.... HAHAHAHAHAHAHHA DUMB ASS BITCH!
#2011ASA Great discussion with colleagues including PAGE Fellow about research on publicly engaged scholars organized by
I think that's 's blog :-)
~ Thanks for the follow!
Goodmorning Twitter!! Its nice to see you :)
the worst is like when you take a picture and it's a really good picture. And then bam. Ruined.
My home office looks like a bomb exploded. Papers everywhere. Books stacked on stacks. Cards taped on wall. Good news: Things getting done.
Miami all year round!!!!(Reppin my home city **homesick**)
Asian Ckn & Shrimp salad from Cheddar's. M
I know! I love it!! It is a bit pricier than the other "deal" sites, but it seems much more curated. And the vintage finds? Sigh
We're thinking about Earth Day (who isn't?) and have some really fun posts planned for you over the next few days. Make sure to tune in!
Anyone tryna sip early
Has anyone had interaction with and would like to share. It appears to be a knock-off, but more focused.
Sir, baseball fans protest! We are overlooked an ignored. You have hardly acknowledged us. Please keep baseball in Portland!
you make my dreams come true:)...
#WeWontWorkOutIf you're not openminded and are disrespectful to other peoples views and beliefs
Thank you! Did you have some time to watch any shows?
Don't like going to school wish i was homeschool
Wow! The space shuttle flew RIGHT OVER my house.
haha I knew I followed u for more than being a sneakerhead! Haha
Thanks Gentry!
yes where are you
I got the cutlass!!!
still watching Netflix...meaning no. On the bright side, i'm almost caught up on a couple shows.
what's the O/U on how many total entrants the new 1500 re entry tournament gets?
I *know*! And he's got that doe-eyed/beautiful-skinned hobbit thing going on in this, too. LotR jokes are inevitable.
Put fraud alerts on all of your accounts. Then check those alerts to make sure they haven't expired.
Wow! Shocked, not guilty! I see book deals, TV reality shows in the frickin future for Casey Anthony, sad to say:(
Left in the library at 1 last night only to find him still there at 9:30 this morning.
happy holidays to you and family as well!
Karaoke tonight at the Newsroom and at Three lions pub.one more week until Murphys starts up again.
Evaluating syllabi for my college-level instruction course... the amount of thought that goes into these things is pretty huge sometimes
Each moment of a happy lover's hour is worth an age of dull and common life.
define "good". chromed bird "works".
& like you do . You don't shit bout my girl or my boo . So idgaf , attitude is ugly
"DEDICATION" can be found on any 5th graders spelling test, but can be difficult for even adults to put into practice.
Someone very talented just answered my email from an iPad while sitting on a ski lift. She signed off with, "Time to jump off now."
You bet!
RT : We'll just enforce relationships through the application tier; let the database do what it's good at: storing...
Banana bread, Bach cello suites, and a good cup of tea make thesis work so much better. Oh, it also helps that my apt has ac.
Need to get my head away from a computer and into a sketchbook.
I agree!! I think it's sad that she even had to make a statement about it. It's none of the public's business.
People ask me, "Why are all the media channels not covering all the candidates?" and the answer is simple. No Ca$h, no coverage. Cash Cash.
:) You are so welcome!
Talk about a fall. Go from Sixth man of the tear to "parting ways" You still have the #khloeandlamar TV show.
That's strange that it bounced back. I'm sending you an email now.
This means stop using time invested and history as reasons to continue a relationship. If there is no "profit" in the future or...
Preparing press releases..workin' my grind. Blessings to you guys...stay lifted.
Text me when you arrive!
Got out of work early to pamper my car. New battery, oil change and even a bath. I bet I see this Yaris purr after I get her back.
hope u quit soon lol
that's so much work:(
no, gotta hang in there.
friend on Facebook just posted a video of their 2yr old climbing stairs. actually watched it, rooted for stairs to win the battle. wrong?
what the hell ... just like old times you still tweeting after saying bye
PSC Chair notes this is a plan 4 people. 'We got a lot right here, but we should cont. 2 look @ how plan affects ppl, not just places.'
RT : "For every beauty there is an eye somewhere to see it. For every truth there is an ear somewhere to hear it" ~ Ivan Panin
Lol Jk. The more bitches, the better
Okay, so you saw it on somebody else and thought it was okay for you to wear it too huh??? I'm just gonna keep it real, I DON'T SEE IT!
you jus need to go wit jasmine.
The rabbit in _Monty Python and the Holy Grail_ certainly meets the horrifying criterion...
going to watch a boat show in Miami Downtown maybe and u ? (:
You guys were perfect!
I like Celtics phillies Packers and I watch some tennis. I like Djokovic
If we get out of this inning, I will applaud Matt for hitting that punk ass
my heart is pounding. ridiculous.
Great idea #787: All Caucasian airlines. The name? White Flight.
Good thing we're friends 'cause being GCOM right now does not sound fun. Good luck on finals!
Thanks for the RTs, y'all.
Monday is up and running with a workout, a ride, and Energize. Accelerate. Perform!
Good! About ready to start recording! You?
Congrats to CJ McCollum and Lehigh. I bet big brother Eric is proud (playing pro ball in Israel and formerly Goshen College in IN)
Internet service is so sloww.. ughh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
YEAH THIS IS HANNAH AND LENNA IS ON MY ACCOUNT DONT BE CONFUSED OK :)
its ok but thanks
please follow me :)
I'm feelin like U fucks wit me I fucks wit u. Let's make a classic together!
Eating my last Clif Bar today; I will no longer support a company that refuses to source their cacao, which sounds guilty to me.
What's your favorite genre of music?
Tea Pot Lounge is featuring in a Music Video. So Excited!
Its race day in the U.S.A!!!
Hungry and horny. Blah.
too early to say goodnight
Dang so many B-Day partys
It's a Blueprint morning for me.
spiderman has a twitter account... really???
the best winless intramural softball team in the country is back in action tonight on burdick field.
Thanks Cristina! x
but yea I like greys anatomy too. I get hooked on shows when I meet a lot of the cast members.I met many Heroes and 4 from GA
I'm tweetin the fuck out of this bitch. Put me in twitte jail. Bitch I dare you
Everybody wanna be a nigga but no one wanna be a nigga-Paul Mooney
We watched the new episode of that just aired on Jan 6th. Love it. Hope to see you sometime in 2012.
I'm not, you said that in Lugo's class today
We hope everyone had a great Sunday! If you follow football, were you watching today?
I stop my microwave at 0:01 to feel like I'm a Bomb Defuser.
30 days from now I'll turn 26! Damn
TX OU WEEKEND!!!!
I WANT CUDDLES DAMNIT!
Hometown, I hope they get you on more often
Appreciate it Adam! is sending you a message. Hopefully you are enjoying
Another week, another thank you for the #FF!
LET'S TAKE THIS OUTSIDE!
aww u so cute and u 2 look alike thts a good thing and shee is adorable I LOVE YOU!!
I want fairness, a level playing field. Unions are corporations also.
Looking hard enough!!
it's amazing what people think is up for discussion. it's like walking into your home uninvited.
I want all the allergens to join together, pool their money and buy me new eye makeup.
night night...twetter
Hey doll! Sorry haven't been on been so busy with school How are you??
Crazy how our worlds collide! A woman named Dani asked for a few of my pieces to hang there. There is also going to be a show!
THX BBE XX“: If this really is nicki i love you and miss you if not dick in yo face yeah yeah.”
#4DAYS Till #BOYFRIEND !!! I Can't Wait!!(: Follow Me?(:
Typing papers all day. Not looking forward to it
Oh it's awesone, they deserve your scorn. I'm just shifting into Royals nationalism for two days. COUNT THE RINGZ
Grab ya jackets hahaha! Happy Monday.. :)
i need me a glass of milk.
Can Yuh Give Me A Shoutout Please! I Wanna Get To Atleast 1000 Followers(: Can Yuh Help Me Please!(:
Leaving tomorrow for Georgia (:
It's all good Bradhr.
Awkwardly walking around the mall while luci talks to her boss about giving me a job...
Still working on this stupid government paper!!! Wtf!?
The AIG Bonuses: The PR Perfect Storm www.publicrelationsla.wordpress.com
The only limits on our achievement are the ones we put on it.
Missouri sponsor liaison testifying on MO sponsors working to set standards and best practices as a group.
Sure. What an interesting look!
The new Dark Knight Rising Trailer is said to be contected with either The Avengers or Dark Shadows. If i was wb i would pick The Averngers
bitch please , thay watched the sex videos and they blamed it . What a poor
“: Former players like Merril Hoge are so disappointing when they stoop this level. #stayclassy” missed it. what was said?
. Imagine 737s & A320s painted to look like cardboard boxes, with a black AMAZON & swoosh as livery, & bar-codes on the tails...
Someone should make quilts based off old No Limit CD covers.
We wish everyone a healthy and safe weekend! if you get the chance come burn some calories with us here at the studio.
Shit. Everyone is trying to get ahold of me at the same time and I don't have the time to do anything but this damned site. Sorry everyone!
I guess I should prolly go study now
Have you seen the movie Ghost World? Our gallery has. It loved it.
RT now if you love Habitat & you're excited for the 1st Build Day of the year!!!!!!!.
Fear Factor is BACK!!! December 12th!!! #isthisreallife???!
This girl keep taalking shit Bitch better STFU she don't know who she messing with
I did also... kinda a lot.
belly growling tho...:/
“: My Sims have more success in life than me. #FirstWorldProblems” omg DEEEAAATTTHHH!
yeah, I generally avoid being driver if I can. Just sucks to have to stay after taking bad beats. Just ready to go home lol.
Dimly lit, romantic, cocktails, dinner . . . and reservations still available! Call 414-220-9411 to make your reservation for tonight!
I missed this show
I have been waiting all quarter for this tweet. I have class with Ted Nelson today!! Hopefully he will sign my copy of Possiplex :)
what would you say is the hottest trend for mens fashion at the moment for fall?
I would love to just fall asleep at the beach on the sand right now.
if you cant say something nice...just tweet it anyway
Shout out to my niggas that was there in the beginning. They were there when i was strugglin, they'll be with ne when I'm winning!!
Pickup Line: Is there a mirror in your pants? Because I can see myself in them.
#NP ASAP Rocky- Bass as I get ready for work this morning.
How can I control my life when I can't control my hair? ~Author Unknown
I'm awake too and about to attempt to go to sleep but surprisingly I am not tired! Ugh!! Love u and miss u!
That awkward moment when the kid you're babysitting acts like a bear and no one gets your Chuck Testa joke.
Happy new year to all of our Ambassadors and prospys! We hope last year was a good one and 2011 an even better year! Feliz ano nuevo!
"I'm cleaning up and I'm moving on, going straight and choosing life. I'm looking forward to it already"
So yeah (; I am so TOTALLY gonna go to Austin's concert in LA ! I don't know how , but I certainly am going (;
The amount of tension in this building can be cut with a knife
In my novel, my character Thibodeaux says he doesn't eat when he's hungry. He eats so he doesn't get hungry :)
Great! Lots of cuts, bruises, a few thousand volts of electricity +trip through ice water (but beautiful weather this time) :)
YAy! reunited with my best friend tonight ! i cant wait !
We're toasting to that! RT : If you're bored, make shit happen. Need I say more?
just read up on ! AMAZING business idea, lucky you! congrats! I'm referring all my guy friends asap!
Pet Peeve: People who "freak out" when one can't handle being alone at a given moment.
Key to digital ticket delivery is delivery. Good for #Brewers, but the technology can get bogged down at a venue. I've seen it.
Hahaha. For a second I forgot. ;) You think that I'd know already from living in DC.
Jealousy's the ugliest trait.
Absolutely.He hit Tulo in back.Usually no prob.It was his actions afterwards that resulted in suspension,unless MLBs gone soft.
Is this how its suppose too be, I'm saying though I'm enjoying life... A stoner moment
Which tour are you going too?
Really happy to see Heat DESTROY the knicks. Rose out with the torn acl means heat probably repeat final appearance.
I'm gonna start dressing up like an elderly person so I can be assured a seat on the bus.
summer jam tickets ? I need some ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
FOLLOW ME PLEASE :)) I <3 YOU
Im definitely hitting up the gym today
"Blowjob or leave me" = great song name from our friends at WBTD
Craving something sweet <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
on those inbounds you don't have to stand completely still, just can't take a step or two, can reposition your feet
the contact play is enough reason for me to fire Tracy. Has it ever worked for them?
I've got news for you: I would thoroughly enjoy a nice steamy 88 degree day.
A Nate hug is similar to a bear hug, minus the teeth and claws.
People throw rocks at things that shine...
long time no chat Todd, hows everything going?
thank you for the RT :) <U+2665>
this is ridiculous
We are going to see Godspeed!!!
I couldn't of supplied a homeless shelter with what he spend on my pound but in stead I got my Lil girl a power wheel and blew a ounce
Philly Aganist The World
Watching the jonas brothers movie... Oh how much I miss themm :)
girl! that's classic! get your giggle on!
Easy day!! Easy money!
great music conference in Kansas City w/ those to whom I"m proud to be called a peer. Major mutual encouragement & inspiration.
This Has Been The Craziest NFL Offseason Ive Ever Witnessed!!!!
nice! Played with one earlier this week- checkout BMD 2012 Catalogue before leavin Oxy today?
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-75
Do you know about how much longer? I've been waiting up for this but if it will be a lot longer I'll check back tomorrow.
No, that's my real name... I wish it wasn't. It creates all sorts of privacy nightmares which I wish I'd taken into account.
F THIS COME ON CHELSEA
Ride The Citi Boi Party Bus To COLORADO SOLO MUSIC ARTIST AWARDS MAY 16, Round-trip for info 720-341-8727
476 BITCH. It's gonna happen.
Coming from a ketchup lover: Today I learned sweet potato fries taste better with honey mustard dressing than ketchup. Yum!
Here is a funny fact about Miami .. Did you know Miami Beach has a large snow skiing club ??
I just noticed u take some beautiful pics. I may hv to book u to do a shoot in my clothing line. Check it out when u hv time.
will you ever do a song with ? #Ariana100Questions 2
Just caught a their/there spelling error. Whew. That's one of the most embarrassing.
I miss , it should take a road trip down to Baltimore.
there is no answer. It's clearly a koan.
Relationships contains ship for a reason because although you may think your relationship is strong. It still can have the tendency to sink.
Hahaha! I'm sure they are honored to have such a dedicated fan.
WSC Dupont is ready for you to join their family!
Also, Saturday is a bit rough for a tutorial, someone would have to miss half the conf. to attend.
I'm hyping myself way too much for summer.
it's great! I really love it. All the people I work with are awesome and I'm doing something I enjoy!
Happy New Year!!!!!
Get down and freaky, ya'll. It's #Fridaythe13th!
Long day of our Bldg Leadership Team mtg to work on out School Improvement Plan to align with the Districts Plan!
OHMYGOD NEITHER DID I AM TOO EXCITED!
Haha! Think I'll leave the comedy to you man. But tell ya this: if you write it, I'll perform it ;)
Today's the Nonae Apriles, or the Nones of April, in the calendar of the ancient Romans.
Why is it always so damn hot in my room?!
Ass like Nicki but she yellow like Modonna.. Reminds me of
Good idea or bad idea: Arm myself with a Super Soaker and squirt ice water in the face of anyone who barges into my bedroom w/o knocking.
I'm still not over the name LoL
Handle check. RT Amber Rose dishes on wedding plans with Wiz Khalifa!
Thanks to everyone who entered to win MIB3 goodies & a DD card from #AgentDLV. We'll be announcing the 4 winners very soon!
Happy bday bro!
The new album "What Kind of World" is fantastic. "On The Fence" was one of the first songs I ever learned on guitar.
My mother's boyfriend is just a useless douchebag.
on this #CharityTuesday we're grateful for the wonderful resources you provide-online and off-that help us fulfill our mission!
It lays the foundations for a future of change, a bridge across our fears of what has never been before
The only purpose in life is to decide how you want to think, feel, and act in each moment...your choices create dreams or reactions-decide!
Thanks for the #FF love......have a fantastic weekend!
yeah okay what ever u say Dr Phil
I can't stop smiling!:) everything is jusst so great(:
OK that's enough for now I think. Maybe finish reading GREENMANTLE and take a nap, gotta work tomorrow night. Or there's Bill Burr's podcast
"The Easter Egg Hunt after Church!
ohh awesome-can't wait to go!
Entire day of vocal rest. No talking. No singing. Still can't talk. Finally willing to admit. I'm sick :(
I strongly dislike liars.
Words cannot express the joy I feel when looking at this week's work calendar and seeing nothing but free time to get stuff DONE. Finally.
You are right on both accounts!
No... I'm not but someone else is...
thanks for the RTs
Hey guys - thanks for the follow
Sitting in a green room that is actually green.
not as excited for prom as I was dude.
Apples & peanut butter~ nomnomnom
I have been trying to learn to write Java code from CodeYearAcademy. It is not going so well. They use punctuation differently.
Put your recovery first, everything else in your life will be first class.
As much as I love the Spurs, Z-BO is about to crawl out of his cave from a 2-day hibernation sleep. Z-BO!!!!!!
"Stage Presence" of "Stage Attire"?
congrats on making the all-star team.
I don't care what anyone says - Men totally pms.. Or maybe they're just moody with no good excuse ):
My girl gone get mad cause I said she from Waldorf
walk starts ! Balboa Park 6th & Laurel! Registration starts !
Agree. Crazy to think about how small our military PAO universe is. It's a great thing though.
thx for sharing the Legal Watercooler link.
Firefighters respond to a Sun Prairie house fire this morning that started in the fireplace mantel. No one injured. Est. damage $90,000.
They always protest high buzz funerals. They're objective is to shock us with nasty signs reminding us that we are all hellbound.
A group skype call please
SOLD - and I just emailed Anita about a meet up. Maybe I'll have my act together enough to see the film before then!
LMAO Damn Jim!!! that's hilarious and Marty is with me on my profile pic..
Can you think of anything Portland would want, outside of CP3?
come visit Mariners on the Hudson when your home :)
Going for a dip this morning. I don't care who calls. Need it!
RT : Likes the term "code of conduct"--more powerful and perhaps descriptive than "social media policy" for orgs.
You on the charts but I'm off the meter
you would have made an excellent dairy princess, but I'm glad the edupolicy world wooed you.
i'm impressed. u found more people to stalk
I didn't know you were a Giants fan....Big Blue!
yes? (i know nothing about the samurai pizza cats other than that it existed)
Live in the NOW and stop waiting for something better to come in the future. What do you have in your life, right now, to be thankful for?
Where are you guys playing this weekend?
It was all him: Mustache, bandana and biceps...
:) I know you spoiled her!!!
Sitting next to your friend and texting them. :)
That's why I like redeyes. You sleep, you wake up a zombie, but it's hard to get bored...
The first man to survive going over Niagara Falls later died from slipping on an orange peel.
#Overthehumpday!! Looking forward to my sons bday this weekend, also kinda sad, cause he is growing up. But he will always b my baby!!
lol heather heather heather. I'm practicing my net cutting technique
Don't let this face fool you, I don't really care.
that was the james bond movie right?
The advantage is you don't spend all your time rebuilding years of protocol work for federated social stuff.
Let's Get it BEARS
So they say you have to publish: start with a strong poster presentation with your research! Definitely good rookie advice.
I've seen people like you, but I had to pay admission!
OMG OMG I CAN FOLLOW PEOPLE AGAIN!!!!! :) XOX
At bank and mo money mo problems plays on the radio.
#Bears #2 Pick- Alshon Jeffery - Steal!! Great pick who will be instant deep threat for Jay #Cutler big arm. Love it!
I would love you too
On Jan 1, I put 1% of my future SAG dues in a Piggy Bank. Today, I signed a contract for my 1st SAG job for my role in feature, VAMPERIFICA!
He's 5'11. I met him last summer and he's tall.
Not feeling good, but watching hbo monster ball and baking cookies. lady gaga songs always makes me feel better :)
that just shows the heat ain't nothin without there stars
Really liked the Chevy sonic ads. 100% real stunts. Still don't get 'Chevy runs deep' though
not centipede though.....LOL
yea I know man it's awesome! What big projects you talking About and you gettin to fly for free?
word up :d i can dig it.
Really like these. No video, haven't even heard them yet. But our own "Battle" coming up.
I love country music, but I could also spend all day listing too stuff like drake, OFWGKTA, and stuff that's on the radio
Whoa, I just realized that you can add price tags to things on Pinterest!
Why does it wear pants??? Lol
that would have been glorious as well. Not gonna lie, I did karaoke a couple weeks ago to salt n peppa. whatevs.
That one may smile and smile and be a Villain!
Miley cyrus hates twillight.....I think I just became a miley fan!
are you missing your ID at CVG? They would like for you to claim it
yes!!! We here when you walk!!?
I believe qik for the iphone was just updated to remove the wifi only restriction.
#ReconciliationLaw - Process that is overseen with periodic meetings between the client and RL attorney or mediator.
I need to get a rush card
I'm not lying. Everyone is worth something! (:
i know this negro see my name pop up on his phone -____-
Life's battles don't always go to the faster, stronger man. The man who wins is the man who thinks he can.
Turning in my speech and going to big shrimps class next!
Now I'm speechless, over the edge, and just breathless. Hopeless, head over heels in the moment.
Wiz i think you should get some loud from the D it will take you on a flight lmao forreal
So you're saying it's okay to call someone a goat fucker? Wow.
That's easy. It's a small world after all, it's a small world after all, it's a small world after all, it's a small small world
We're excited to welcome Fulbright Scholars to the US tonight at our hospitality dinner! Can't wait to meet you at Calle's Cucina tonight!
Bono- "Every time I clap my hands, a child in Africa dies." An audience member screams out- "Well then stop clapping your bloody hands!"
That's awesome! Flan-diddly-anders has a diverse fan base for sure. Cheers!
May be your phone. It's a small red button (Please sponsor me.) under the photo on the right. Thx for alerting me.
Give 100%. 110% is impossible, only idiots recommend that.
I had it too...
Texas Storms<3
it is great to connect with you. We need to catch up as it has been too long. :)
hey bitch
Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality unless it is a desireable one.
Aw, that would be awesome! Eric is one of my favorite characters. I like Charles, too.
thumbs up!!!!
yes we can do window cling.
To kick off my spring break, my #FridayReads are A CLASH OF KINGS by and THE MAP OF TIME by Felix J. Palma. So far so good!
Follow your instincts. That's where true wisdom manifests itself. -Oprah
I know tofu is bad, but its my favorite cooked vegan dish #mapotofu so fucking delicious
My neighbor is mowing his lawn when its raining out. Come on man use your head!
what did you concoct??
Crisann guess what
Messaged u lol !!
Amanda got to sing for the Red Wings again today!! Wings won!! Woop Woop!!!!
Those who bring sunshine into the lives of others, cannot keep it from themselves
Sitting by a fire and watching a movie with my family. Doesn't get much better than this <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Finally back on the work out program.
Hahahahahahha the roundup song
Call or email us today to set up your appointment or initial consultation! Studio# (202)544-3716 or email
#mobilityshifts Palfrey on elements of Digital Public Library: code, metadata, content (shared not redigitized), services, community.
"The errors of the great mind exceed in number those of the less vigorous one." - William Stanley Jevons
is Yehya Mehmit Gurgil in "THE POLITICS OF CONFLICT" next week & will the lead in "SACRIFICES" an upcoming Pilot filming the following week.
So incredibly sad to see all of the wonderfully talented people we lost this past year, some much too early.
Are you following my roadtrip through the Midwest and Northeast on Instagram?
you should just let the pugs clean the bowls
I don't have any idea what you're talking about! *blink* *blink* ;)
we arent really sure but we think she dislocated her knee. She's getting surgery tonight or tomorrow, not many details yet
R.I.P. Taco Bell Chihuahua
They just finished installing my work phone into my new office space - I only moved into it 10 days ago.
How to Use Twitter for Business: A Beginner's Guide
no problem. I'll probably work the idea into that contemporary fantasy story I've already started
#FF EVERYONE WHO SEE'S THIS FOLLOW FOLLOWS back<3
im not dumb u knoe -_- lol ok time to b honest I know wut school u go2 & the address of it & ur bday & ya real name ...
You're really pretty. :3 not trying to be weird or anything lol.
So..... #Somf should txt me
Getting ready to leave for Georgia tomorrow ! Me and the rest of bad horse are getting ready to play the Super Bowl
I'm bandwagoning the blues hard
What the heck Harness? or is it just good editing?
So stoked for today
Thanks for the retweet!
Ganoderma - used safely for 4,000 years with no known side effects.Tasty beverages with Ganoderma are at www.drblackston.organogold.com
Playing 's Unplugged in the Park at #atlanta Sunday night at 8pm with
GUYS BAILEY FOLLOWED ME DKDNSIDJKWNJFJAKDJSKBFISNJGH
I counted it out, like 15 days. Snuggle session hardcore
Fight the heat with cold, hard cash...learn about our $1000 bonus offer @ our info session, Holler Park Lodge, 6:30-8 p.m. tomorrow, July 19
MICA Career Fair today 1-4PM in Brown Center! Special thanks to the 30+ alumni participating in this year's event!
after 13 hours of sleep last night i thought work today wouldnt suck... wrong.
Hey at least Landry Jones is trending!!!
Finally Hunger Games ! Better late than never ;)
sweet ghost hunters is on all day (:
getting so many beta invite requests for mycincylife from people i dont even know then i am from my own friends and family hahha
Hey , saw you were just in Dallas. Holler if you are ever in Austin. The local brewing scene is booming! Would love to meet.
omg, this game.
nothing. i have nothing against hispanics. you're an idiot.
Really? Renee Fleming will be at CMU for commencement and I won't be here!?
Thanks.Those were the days!
My mom made monkey bread for breakfast. Today is gonna be a good day.
Instant classic! RT : I'm a part of this NBA party too!
Are you a C-Corp or S-Corp?
We are watching our team go from being #1 in the west to out of the playoffs. This is sickening. Give us a positive anecdote.
I bet Sarah Palin is sweating blood now that Levi is on the B-list talk show circuit.
what the heck why?!?
it's a sedan!
Dear bob sanders, cool how you suddenly become healthy and play for chargers. Love, bitter Betty
The girl at starbucks was straight up flirting with me , tell me why I got all nervous ? Lol Time for my Final :)
lol.. Taylor your mom is snooki.
#GoTribe I wonder what it would take for the Indians to give up Matt Laporta
Love this quote! RT : "Show me a thoroughly satisfied man and I will show you a failure." ~ Thomas Edison
#RITBrickCity Today is the last day to register on-line for homecomng events. Website shuts down at midnight!
Whelp? The three's have happened again...Michael Jackson, Farah Fawcett & Ed Mcmahon.
To all my conservative friends...Don`t forget to vote tomorrow!!!!
#theadjustmentpeople Run with us or run from us.
Less than total failure with my Javascript experiments!!! This is progress!
Those are both some good ass bands!
We only have two people on the ballot (Romney and Paul). Other candidates didn't get enough signatures. Short answer: No.
Bumper sticker idea: "I Rock Obama".
Ft. Laud, Hollywood, Boca, some parts of dade
little after 8. Can't sleep. #knicks are back.. Got to get dowstairs to watch basketball.. It feels like christmas morning
Keep moving it up and coming to the net gasquet. Great hands! And better backhand.
"Well... What do ya say lamb chop?" RT : "whatya say we get together and paint each other up?"
Six feet under <3
Your Twitter account is DMing spam. Change your password.
Man bet $1,000 at the MGM Grand in Las Vegas that the first score of the game would be a Giants safety, he won $50,000.00 Cha ching
Was about to tell you to discount that batch....too mushy! I'll send you a recipe w/ notes! :)
k ;) follow me
The last three strokes are critical
When no ones there for you, your on your own.
"The terrists like us the least!" [mis-spelling intentional]
Farley's is in New Hope, a small town north east of Philadelphia
There is just something not right about Joe Theisman saying his prostate gives him grief..
I hadnt heard or seen the name Whitney Houston in maybe 3 years min, now every article is about her.
Should have went out
The diffrence is we have a choice to not be bought! Anyone voting for #MITT is condemning the USA
Such gorgeous weather here in Monaco! Wish I could stay longer
When will you come to Chicago, IL so I can show you around? I love your show and would love to hang out sometime :)
They have to restructure your deal into the cheerleaders budjet so you going to have to be making up a lot
First choreography rehearsal for "The Rapture" today.. Get ready, it's gonna slaughter!
...who's gonna win in OT tonight? I say OKC finishes it up and gets out of town with the W.
let me know how your inquiry went about coming to Station North.
Lol shit. My phone doesn't like telling me that twitter did anything. Hit me up today bruhhhhhhh
After reading some of these comments, I will most definitely keep some of you in my prayers.
#just a taught people buy life insurance to leave their love one money if they die. That might not be good your love one can go to jail
oh k. Well sorry for your lose.
Now i need two carpenters
Guys, do you want your girl like you? No? Then stop complaining on how long it takes us to get ready!!
I always fear that creation will expire before Tea time. ~Sydney Smith
He was the Charlie Sheen of College Football and I don't feel sorry for him.
Mother's Day Is Near Shop Diamonds & Pearls Couture
Too tired to sleep
#ted2012 Team work is still important, but the more freedom #introverts are given to develop ideas the more productive they can b
#Wisconsin Transportation Department puts brakes on Bob #Uecker Way sign request. Is nothing sacred? Come on people, it is for 1 day...
Free at last, free at last “: Source: #Dodgers sale has closed. McCourt era has ended.”
Hi, Steven! We did see that and love the idea. We'd love to hear your ideas!
I swear Josh is perfect in every way possible~ <3
I'm freezing the vent right over my bed
there is literally no way to win against these people. Dont waste yr breath. "Fuck it Dude, let's go bowling"
I stopped watching Breaking Bad in the second episode when the tub fell through the floor.
maybe you're closer to Las Lunas get that car clean at 3516 Main St
I like the app
Good Morning, America!
thanks for the follow, friend!
In bed all day catching up on
my younger sister is happy about a B in health and my older sister is upset about a B in economics. the difference between #dumb and
Can we count on your following us
My breathing is slowed, my pulse stopped today. If you still have feelings for him, maybe I should turn away.
There is no coming back from a scorpion face tattoo
#mrpa11 great group discussion on how organizations are stepping into social media. Lots of smart, thoughtful rec and parks leaders
I didnt knw everyone was goin on twitter now. Im try and see what this is all about. Yall is welcomed to share.
7p, I look forward to seeing u!
got u
I'm so anticlimactic.
Swimsuit or do you need a fun bathing suit idea? #IHaveAnIdea! that is explosive. Peops will want your bathing suits. 1612
WOAAHHH its been a while
WTF My last paycheck from staples is WRONG. They owe me 4 hours!
Working on more business cards
Watching WWE RAW love it :) can't wait for wrestlemania
Lots of great stuff - you won't walk away empty handed! Lots of kitchenware, home decor, linens, SO MUCH STUFF!
watched footloose this weekend. disapointed by another film portrayal of a mean
Can't wait! :D ": 8 pm weeknights, later this spring"
Everyone's in love.
25% of people on food stamps,40% of people on Medicare,43% of people on unemployment don't believe they are using a socialist, Govt program
“: Everything cookie is best cookie ever...”
“: “: They are never on time!” blackies.” Haha
Big white man also shut him down last year
Good cheer to all on Christmas Day.
maybe they were added to another target? I've accidentally added stuff to my tests target a few times.
Thanks for the follow! and #FF back atcha!
How does that polar bear open that bottle of Coke???
It's been a long couple of weeks!
Thanks buddy. Now it's time for some golf! RT : have a safe flight bro
no problem :)
FB sucks the duck
We suffer because we have forgotten who we are, and how beautiful we are
MT : . rocked #TED, showed how apps can revolutionize hydrant clearing, dead possum removal + fix municipal govts // Yay.
how old? Not a phase I look forward to.
When u like them n they dont like u recipe for disaster
Happy Friday! DealShow starts in 3 hours, get excited to get yourself a new #present for the #holiday #weekend!
Anyone I know want to be a dancer in 's latest cinematic masterpiece tomorrow morning in NYC?
A wise person is hungry for truth, while the fool feeds on trash. Proverbs 15:14
it's been a long time since we have seen ITLCA play and now i hear rhumors that they are going to break out SDD at the Mutiny on the 3rd!
It's Friday so we better be seeing you @ Buckhorn Liqours.
BECAUSE WE HAVE THE UTERUSESES. THAT'S WHY.
please follow bckkk
Picked up a Rose City red kit for tonight's match at the Adidas store. No female kits at all. Does Borg work at or something? :)
RT Mesohot2 If you need money, I get it,just ask. When you start taking it out of my bag.. count me out
Let's hope the Coyotes wake up for the 3rd period. Get rested and get going Coyotes!
Going to see with the best friends in July! So stoked :DD
thanks for the mention!
hahaha ikr all my little witty comments during the shows haha
"If you write 500 poems, you might have 50 & you could be a poet." #USpoetlaureate Phil Levine
" Our love is like the wind... I can't see it, but I sure can feel it- Landon Carter (from a walk to remember) <3"
anchor bar or Tim hortons!!
I think of all the podcasts I listen to I laugh at yours the most. <3
We're a little bit of everything. Know a little bit of everything. We trust a little, but we fall #hard in love.
"As we reflect on this A-Ma-Zing institution" #AngelaDavis said in speaking of the #NURFC!!!!
At Camino Nuevo!! Gonna Make The Best Of It! :D
Thinking about the bravery it takes to believe your idea is innovative enough to succeed. And hoping that I can handle it even if it fails.
The voices in my head need to learn english already
It's me, Jamie... I'm the one looking for a good dinner dive. Just accidentally tweeted from ICA acct. Any ideas?
zooming their way to sunny PDX for a big show in the lounge starting at 9pm.
The stores and malls will be crazy on Black Friday! Start your holiday shopping tomorrow at the Westown Indoor Market!
Hopefully will get another yellow so can bunch up and get past Power, looks like Dixon will have to stop again.
rip hotdog shirt and accessory
Finally unlocked all the levels on Zombie Highway.
God this account is taking a swan dive. RT : the funny thing about my easter basket is it's located on your cock
Don't I feel silly! Thanks for educating me :-)
It's a cute hair cut and all, it just doesn't go well with me. It's actually making me super sad haha
I'm to blessed
Workaholics time
#FF! RT : Cough Twitter friends Cough <---- someone is now 19 away from 1,000 followers ! Can we pass the magic mark today?!
The Easter egg hunt seems to be harder. The design of the eggs is very cool imo.
We are using multiple channels to reach San Diegans, including a street team that is bringing the survey to people at home.
One could only hope. I'll also accept an "American Idiot" clone... That's not "21st Century." You know.
It's 10 ? wtf it's not even 11 Dang then why am I so sleepy ..
hard to drag yourself out for such menial events with all the cash team FTP stole from players. Tough life THIEF!
nothin' got a headache. Bout to take a nap.
There are so many! Lake with the Bridges, Lighthouse & Lake Michigan. Kletzsch with the waterfall. Grant with Trails & Beach.
“: Does anyone think the Packers have any interest in Mario Williams?”
oh how I love school dances
Digging out so we can feed the livestock, and wishing there was enough ice to harvest. No ice harvest today or Sun. Hoping for Thursday.
When I'm single, all I see are couples being happy. When I'm dating someone, all I see are singles being happy. /:
nice...Jack Sparrow? He should keep going and see how much detail he can add.
i am so ready and it premieres on my birthday
OMG. replied to me. *fangirling*
In The Lab Cooking. Stay Tuned.
I hve taught my girls2mke a guy respect dem&a man tke care of da woman, not da otha way around. I BE DAMNED if I do sumn dat I tell dem not2
They were playing the soundtrack to Cowboy Bebop in Nom Nom Noodles today.
I wish
so why you put it ?
Not if people look for a music style before hearing the music. They need to look by a name to get the style they want.
Grant Hill leaning towards signing with the Knicks? Perfect Fit! Respected Veteran who can teach Landry Fields,Iman Shumpert & Toney Douglas
Going to go take a nap then probably get yelled at for getting kicked out of school. Bye
“: Late night gym sesh kicked my as ugh only 70 days till Australia!! #motivated”take me with you? <U+263A>
What's everyone's favorite music video that we've done so far?
And Mayim Bialik would probably approve of yoga.
consulting on a set of wedding invites -- so much fun!
For the teams looking to increase engagement, wait til you see our 'Save Your Mate' Facebook game that's ready for launch!
Thanks for the shout out on Friday!
Dance, dance . Then hopefully gettin to see my boy :)
thank you!! <333
Sodahead please stop texting me.
your last few tweets have had me thinking: "heard that". just thought you should know…..
I sang along oops
RT Apparently the whole news room discovered 's Twitter account. Tomorrow's paper should be interesting.
The sun is out for many of us in the metro area this morning. Seriously... no April Fool's joke here!
You should make one for Buffy too...
Better to be an idea than a statue.
Music Industry Strikes Historic Deal on Mechanical Royalty Rates
Thanks y'all!
You don't know you're beautiful.... That's what makes you beautiful....
I don't worry bout hataz, don't care bout hoes, I'm trynna get my bank account some more zeros..-
Damn it I wanted the bears to draft Decastro seeing his highlights he's a beast!
haha what does that gotta do ?
Oxy Mo: Offset
It's 's birthday today. Go and show him some tweet love.
& I Ain't Doing No Pick Ups Or No Drop Off Today!!!!
Watching the Steps in a Digital Preservation Workflow webinar. Brings back memories of last year's digital preservation class!
You can follow the blog as well if you want to be updated on a regular basis. The site should be complete by the end of the week however.
Fellas stand on your toes your girl on her back she using both of her hands to hold it open jus fuck her with the tip for a min.
haha thanks ur the man, hope youre doing well
Shake it Shake it like you bouts to get paid! :]
Secretary-General's remarks today on the progress of the MDGs: "I am gratified to tell you that we can report broad progress"
for, drive great revenue for league and great placement for sponsor
Dudes who post about not being able to find the right girls is as bad as girls posting about all guys being the same
Waiting in this long líne to eat the love of my life... ice cream :) yum yum yum yum
you too!
HaPpY 2012 everbody! AZHG prediction: more kindness, patience and cataclysmic t-shirts!
WPPI here I come. Leaving for Vegas in a fee hours. What goes on in Vegas stays in Vegas, lol a lot
Everyone and their mama forgot how good Al Horford is
The real fun starts after 2AM. Lol I knew that nap would come in handy.
Morton: The abyss, or the aesthetic, the things right in front of us.
Let's show some love!!! They have been working extra hard to get some amazing music ready... rocks!!
i think at JCP. i'm not sure though... lol.
What in the world is a "hide-and-seek" election campaign? Reminds me of a game I played as a kid, when I got sick of my etch-a-sketch.
Happy B-day xoxoxoo you have always been my inspiration #True Belieber
Omfg Avengers was SO. EFFING. GOOD.
I love my me time nbs
it'll be okay
when I get back. Game night!
Great Color Story!!
Why is George Lucas on the stand in the Zimmerman hearing?
10 hour shift??...sure y not, I'm in that #getmoney mood.
Thanks :) I think we're going to visit monday=)
Surprise guest dj tonight. Come see who it is, very big known dj :). Hit me at 310.971.3346 for guest list and tables.
Need a car wash...bad
Thanks for the follow!! love what you're doing here.
Got the last Shrimp Po Boy from on Flower and 6th tonight... Uh-ma-zing. Without a doubt, best sandwich I've ever had.
Fukk Yo Body, It's Just #CHEWY!!!
Is at the lakefront watching the fireworks with his family and laughing at this lady talking on her cell next to us. She is too funny!
Got home from #IHOP, national free pancake day!
Job seeking has always been a competitive sport... now, the competition is a bit stronger. Gotta raise the bar.
Wonderful performances this month Come to Bali Hai for dinner before a show!
Well, you kinda need to be able to update your site every other day during the offseason. CAN YOU DO THAT?
nahh that would have been cool though! Btw were like a couple blocks away from you in the city
#TurnToYou is a special song that devoted to you andd all the single moms out there you must be proud !!
I will deff (:
hey...just wanted you to know....all tebow does is win....he is a baller...a play caller....and all he does is win
Instagram is an obsession.. Jus saying!
How much stuff is hidden on a Mobile Phone is directly proportional to how quickly the owner snatches it back from you
Decker not giving up the workout location for he, Manning and other teammates.
It's #upfronts week.
Ring out ahoya! Go go go #Marquette !
WA! RT i am so tired from shopping, eating, and tanning
Guy who bought my table off CL just told me "You can't believe in God & be a Democrat". I'm Republican now, the price of the table doubled.
R.I.P Jamaal.
amazing observation, if only they had matching satin straight jackets
oh it's okay you'll see me tomorrow ;) hehe
Business meeting took place, its looking good.... almost there :)
Had to abandon the orange wig tonight due to rain turning the orange hairspray into orange blah:/
But here I am partaking in it all *sigh*
"I am Somebody" - Jesse Jackson
When is the party?
STFU how did i not know about this?! Congratulations! Fill me in on the deets, I'm transferring this fall too <3
#tswift always seems to know how i'm feeling <3
Cabin in the Woods: Yes. and Yes. Sleep: Probably no. And no.
Have a fabulous fantastic Friday......Spread Love
BURSTING with the greatest news ever and can't say anything!!!
Just finished watch this- what an inspirational lad
Motivation to wake up at 5am.....reallyy hard to find XD
Finally headin home . Goofin around in the car with my mom
Dance to jah music. Dance. O' what a tribulation. Chuckin!
Received my first evaluation copy of an American history textbook. Does this mean I have arrived?
hahahhahahaha you would :P I'll be home in one week!
bro are u for real..please tell me u just playin
music sounds better with you, baby.
RT :Loved being on campus this am! Thanks for inviting & I. Press release coming soon.
Not even Lmao (: ilost it in the snow -.-
Instead of whack a mole I prefer slap a hoe.
#3WordsOfAdvice Believe in God
"Jessica's" boyfriend bought a female co-worker a nice bracelet for her birthday but swears nothing's going on. Believe him or not??
I agree w/you on wild ride from Blake to Dylan. I'm only meaning Keats re: short life and FS's faith in pure imagination & poetry.
I like Austin and I cannot Lie for the other boys I can't deny
I see you in the middle behind the stage lol
Scoreless after two at MSG. Shots on goal are Rangers 18, Devils 17.
- obviously, I'm in the music biz. I'd like to hear your album.
that was a brave comment... mid life is a state of mind
Checking out lists, hashtags, relevant content, conversations, partners, & events.
We're about to pour our hearts out on that stage tonight. You are welcome to share the moment....Casa Vicente, 8pm.
Awesome church today!
I don't play no games.... I don't like my radio cuz it play
Thanks for the warm welcome! The WG rules!
when did lee go c a polar bear??!
Music is always the solution to my problems , I'm in my own little world with my headphones in ! <3
Is completly liking him # crushing
That was gay as fuck.
Do you have the link to that library in a box thing that you tweeted about a while back? Can't find on Google.
who would like to cook for Jerquan this afternoon :)
can't get a hold of Long Street owners, on to Clintonville/OSU area with all those damn hipsters and frats.
#Indy and #Automotive Tweeps: FYI, I'll be tweeting live from in #Atlanta today.
#WhenAustin fixes his hair. (:
I don't want to "automate" my Twitter presence... I'm only on when I'm here, I like to be here when things happen lol.
Read as: no Nicki Minaj RT : Tune into #Ozmosis on tonight ! All kinds of cool music you don't normally hear on radio
bring me some
here's a brief recap of what's been missed-lightning, W.Va camping, apple moonshine, lots of vinyl records, whippoorwills, fireworks, boom
I'll be there promoting!
Nope. It's not weird. :)
Im creeping your Twitter Dylan (hehe) i feel dangerous BLAH!!!
Hawaiian vacay for 2 at the Shell Vacations Hospitality Resort w/your choice of five great locations! Sweepstakes: www.majkltravel.net
I will be there the 11th -21st !!! Yay we get to hang :) Let's throw an album release party !!!
That's wonderful, Annie, congrats! Let's make plans to meet via text...can't wait to catch up!
RT : I think you mean "sneak peek">>>>HA! Yup! Thanks!
I love the bumper sticker, "who saved who" written inside a paw print... Continued next tweet
alright, I wasn't sure if you realized or not. You liking Twitter though?
But "Rhythm Nation 1814" tho...?!?! #Perfection lol. RT Janet Jackson's "Control' album >>>>
Today's dedication and opening of the Veterans Lounge was one of the most memorable and moving events that I've attended in 10yrs at Drexel.
I visited the apple store and played with things before I made the leap. Great place to get a hands-on experience
Dayglow tonight at HOB. If you were working SC's id come over and make you see the aftermath haha. And we were on vacay!
Did you change your Twitter handle when you moved to Ireland?
Burnt my eye with contact solution.. Worst pain of my life.
I will with an awesome meal today!! Thank u my leading lady:) RT": Don't forget to thank your awesome self!"
Translators are the unsung literary heroes, and Penguin Classics has the best: scholarly, salty Brits who bring a text to life.
We love that students are volunteering in Cambodia!
"Bully" great movie! Angered me at the same time the bullies&school facility members.I'm going 2 those towns & kickin' some bullies asses!
lol yess true that! but i still love you!
It's funny how when you're no longer looking for something it keeps popping up in your face,I'll take it as a sign that it's time
Because of you I want to move far away, so far away that you will never be able to see me & I wont have to b near u ever again.
First of all, someone requested Michael McDonald. Second of all, the house band didn't know who that was. Fail all around.
CASH FOR CLUNKERS DAY... Nothing like waiting... for the last minute!!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you try to exit through a closed glass door.
Reviewing some notes from a past conference... "competition takes away from artistry..."
This is such a waste of a life. FUCK..
You mean people actually *watch* videos online? I thought when a video showed up as a search result, it meant "go read a book."
Cancel it and wait until Wednesday, a new one will be announced then...
judgment day was pretty good:-)
#artsummit innovation=the opportunity to look the new in the eye
great to hear!! I'll call you this weekend so we can plan :)
Blinded by the lights hold you through forever, won't let you go <3
thank you!
i have muscles that hurt that i didn't even know were muscles. now, if only i could afford the personal training package....
completed her food and exercise diary for 05/14/2012 and was under her calorie goal
I'm kind of in love with your gf. I may steal her next time she's in Sac.
Why did the elephant paint his toenails red ?So he could hide in the cherry tree !
You're such a little kid lol
I tried to leave a comment on your blog, but today the comment link is in the unmanifest.
never denis don't like us lol
i want to give him a huge huuugg.
Luxury Land Rover Discovery
GSA inspector general: "We have more work than ever"
Don't miss the 6/26 #NACUA conference session on ED's Program Integrity Rules, or special follow-up "Forums" for more detailed discussion.
Pigs in a Blanket #YUM <U+263A>
Tyga far away
Home sick from work in case anyone wants to come over and massage my bubos
Hey, this is Australian Rules Football season. When are you going to cover that?
Dale Hunter is done with the #Caps. Pretty much expected I think by most 'in the know'. I think this team looks totally different next year.
#fridaynewsdump? This the reason for the extra urgency in releasing #magicjobs?
Is sick and tired of the national media telling us PACKER fans on how we feel for Brent Farve......GO PACK GO!!!!!
The world would be a better place if every fan was like I never saw her say anything negative about anyone on her teams, ever.
becuase I havent talked to u in a long time! I needa hear ur voice again lol
Nice day out!
New Media Driving a New Australian Travel Market
Back on Twitter! Thanx tech support for reinstating me!!!
Flipboard is way cool. Just put it on Val's new iPad. : Woo hoo! Merry Christmas! Anyone have any iPad app recommendations?
so i have so much freaking homework and no motivation to do it....
Screw everyone? I hope you use protection sir.
i wonder what kobe & mike brown will say at this press conference...
Come Falcons!!! You let Cam Newton score on you!! F*ckin Defense!!!
Wouldnt it be nice to just get away from the world? And right when you say that some idiot says "Thats what dieing is for!"
When did expressing an opinion eliminate one's ability to remain objective? Your opinion didn't change just by the act of expressing it.
No one will ever understand my adoration and complete obsession of
not yet, they are high as a motherfucker
Gm peep
Wish I didn't feel so let down.
see ya in 1400 miles ;)
Wicklesshop is proud to be doing a Fundraiser for the Falcons Cheerleaders. Help support - go to www.wicklesshop.scentsy.us and click link.
I'm going to punch
Sang and played a little. Felt good. Maybe next time I'll consider the neighbors.
hell yea!
Most gorgeous black actress on the planet that can actually act.
you messy! lol
give me the most #randomsongs you can think of from 2003 and back.
Thanks! We have our winners! I'll msg you soon! :)
Mar 21,1853 MD Legislature changes name of Baltimore, Carroll and Frederick Railroad to the Western Maryland Railroad Co.
saw girls guide lol Sam cock blocked you with her inner bitch huh lol
Happy Valentine's Day! What did you do or buy for your significant other?
" How do you know…if you are part of the problem?"………
how does one prepare for 7 straight days of 88° and high humidity?
“: I play TUBA” OMG
OK. We got our 130 point drop in the DOW after all. No market manipulation could stick.
This world is so corrupt .-_-
thanks for the link!
hey you should post that article we talked about involving social media the other day, that was great :)
I start march 1st till july 1st
Hope to see you at Forch on Your Porch in West Seattle tonight!
Don't forget to vote tomorrow.
31 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
The lime green #seahawks jerseys are the worst because they look like a kleenex post-sick-person-nose-blowing
Today is my birthday.....
First ever state basketball title for St. Mary's! What another great 4th quarter comeback! 28-0 and State Champs, Congrats to the team!
Humbled by the opportunity to speak with top NATO officials today at HQ in Brussels - everybody seems excited about upcoming Chicago summit.
At event on poverty and innovation with Judith Rodin, Mitch Kapor, Jane McGonigal et al -- tag questions to them with
#ReasonsThatImSingle , these dudes are to basic ... I'm trying to meet
An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.
Steve Jobs often parks in Handicap spaces at Apple headquarters.
Really? The one day with rain in the forecast just happens to be the day I've scheduled a downtown walking tour with students?
TONIGHT! Join us 6-8pm at NYU The Piers on Film artists and curator discussion!
Fedseclaw Blog: Judge in Lehman Class Action Orders Officer Defendants to Provide Info Re Net Worth As Part of Settlement...
Follow me cause I'm going places...
why what happened?
Thanks for the people in my life
RT Now if you want Pinkberry at the 1st Build Day!!!!!!
Taking my truck to this morning at 9:00. I bet I'll get great service!
turn me on by nicki and David. Loving driving to that song with the windows rolled down
thx for GCB note! that's crazy! it was well done.
. Beckham starting again tonight. 0 for 3 again.
trial lets just say 30yrs is not enough time for someone who robs the ppl and hes wifes life for PUSSY.
LUNCH SPECIAL - Chicken Panini: Chicken Breast, Tomato, Spinach, Mozzarella & Rosemary-Lemon Mayo. Served on Ciabatta or Artisan Wheat.
well ill start planing!
I'm not on that little kid bullshit. Give it your all or gtfo.
I am in love with I love her show and don't want to get out of the car.
Sounds fab! Must come for a drink.
yes indeed!
I'd add Marie-Laure Ryan to that list.
Dare to be naive. - Buckminster Fuller (It takes courage to be willing to try something and be willing to fail and try again.)
Maybe it's time to forget about the past, i can't wait for summer '12!! It's gonna be easier to when i dont see you everyday....
I take life day by day, no matter what may come my way. Lame, i know, ill do better next time.
RT : I see a lot of heterosexual couples out tonight acting all carefree like their marriages aren't under siege. Fools.
My boredom
When I'm sick all I seem to want to eat is junk food.
coming to Austin w/ HCR? Texas will never be the same.
Back on track after a few days of much needed rest. Love the new diet thanks to Neil Hill
Emily it's +44 to put in front of nathans number
THANK YOU JESUS FOR ALL THAT YOU ARE
Kevin James stealin Rob Schneider's roles now
Not as Huge as the next season of Apprentice!
i aint mean to b rude boo
y the fuk am i still up? i should be sleeping goin to court in the morning :-(
Wow. That ESPN story on boxer Paco Rodriguez was hard-hitting. great work E:60!
Merry Christmas, to Family, & Friends Near and far!!!!
No one is free who does not lord over himself. Claudius 10 BC ~ 54 AD, Roman Leadre
Gluten-free diet is good for your health Source: sun-sentinel.com
I'm addicted to my iPhone & Cannabis rules!
#WhyDoiAlways go for the wrong guy?
Smooth day, hopefully it continues...
“: tonight in Bloomington w/ (John Evans) 8 and 10:30. Be a part of something special.” W8ing on show
Just lost a huge pot 3b AKs 5 handed and flopped the f draw... He turned straight w A10... I did not get there
Can we make groping cool again, America?
Is that really a surprise that Fox so called news would do that?
i would tweet him back saying "i love Alex, lets go to Vegas and get married" then we would live happily ever after!
What did you guys have for lunch? Something tasty?
Today's Reaganism: "Trust But Verify"
Good news everyone! Scratchy attic animal turned out to be gigantic ravens hopping around on our roof. Slightly less creepy!
#JRIB #Sandusky how could his lawyer allow him to give an interview? Totally ill-advised! Listen to my take on Jim Rome's radio show at 11
#Happy Earth Day and #god bless the amazing beautiful #Earth World :)
Guess who just time traveled from 1:59am to 1:00am? This guy.................. Wait, what do you mean everydone did?
"Your destiny can only be unlocked and discovered from within and it is a journey that only you can make"~ Eleesha (via: )
The only thing I miss about home... #MyPeople other than that... Glad to be in my place of purpose.
So how long until you wrangle Sue Perkins onto the show?
Back to work and back to the humidity. After graduation, I'm moving to a desert.
GROUPON: Here's What You Need To Know... via
Oxygen 4 Energy is always looking for Pro Athletes to sponsor! We have OVER 70! Hows that compare to Redbull and 5hr Energy! We Clearly WIN!
Occasionally we make mistake and follow #morons. Please let us know if you are one of them, so we can unfollow. Kthx.
Education, economic development keys to improving cities like Worcester
try to be. Hit me up for a shoot.
In the grocery store grabbing something off the shelf... Random guy: "Excuse me do you know where I can find The Pepto Bismol?"
Carli! You want , not !
Making stuff!
A few of us are out of town today! Is there any other time you could?
~ Just ordered my #PinkyPromise bracelets! I love your blog and can really relate to your story.
oh lmfao i get it now :) about the rhyming thing
Oprah hypnotized you and took the cart. She's very cagey.
Oh lol I didn't even think about the music instrument site. I'm guessing we were talking about sweetwater.com. Yes, for the pianos!
check out our new and improved site! just fill in your address and see all the restaurants that deliver to you!
follow me then dm me
I'm probably the only person in this study lounge putting together America East women's lacrosse power rankings.
happy to now be posting your happy hour on our specials list!
#Is #done with #fucking #selfish #pricks PrincessCiera
How you no things are right in the world: #LindsayLohan is playing one of the greatest actresses of all time in a Lifetime movie.
ADVICE: WHEN U FIND "THE 1" DO NOT LET HER GO,NO MATTER HOW BAD IT IS, TRUST ME IT WILL GET BETTER AND ULL REGRET IT LATER IF U DNT KEEP HER
looking forward to taking over your town in sept.
Just got off the Hill working with Pelosi and I met the Dalai Lama today. Didn't see that coming.
Sore as hell right now
Hey, does anyone know what the big police bust this afternoon at around alameda and Emerson was all about?
do people need to actively input data or actively monitor and respond to data?
it is turning some people I know into them..
gah you're going to WWD!? Congrats!
That was NIFTY!
Had a dream last night that I moved to Australia. It was awesome.
I agree with you DM Russ has been amazing all year
Hi Jay it's Toad, just was thinking about you. Am teaching at UCLA and just finished workbook on stand-up comedy "Just Kidding" xo
Excellent Job you are doing representing all of the righteous proper locksmiths, including me, Todd H, Thank you!
just like every other hometown broadcast. It's not a nationally televised game on ESPN, this is what you get
- I'm blessed as well. Enjoy your day.
Time is flying by today
prob good it didnt reach end! Aw, does he have a habit of waking ppl up at that time? V early! I should've said 'unpleasant dream'
The product "The Baby Bullet" makes me feel uncomfortable
Member i miss diz
Today fucking sucks.
Me too! Next time!
I think the Unilazy from is WAY better then a snuggie.
nice seeing you again bro! Looking forward to seeing at Chene Park.
of course its SUMMER!!
So, does the USA send in soft political aid to Egypt to prevent the Iranian outcome? #McFarland to
slap happy morning and coffee
Never trust a husband too far or a bachelor too near.
What did you think?
"I don't understand how these people think they're relaxed because they're not. They just have nothing to do." Well played
Noting is going right
Thanks for the RT on the gas station photo. A shame it's not still there.
I'm good, but thanks for the offer! Yeah, SW is still cattle calling for flights. But that means we can sit together!
There's just SO many responsibilities!!! Boo!!
Trying to automate haikus?
RT : We are doing Zinester Feud at again! I'm making a new survey for people to answer. Got any good questions to add?
I had not heard of Game of Thrones till maybe a month ago. Now, everyone I know is obsessed. How did I miss this?!
If there was one thing u could say to someone before u die what would it be
photoshoots and interviews today. Should be fun.
ELEASE got that ass beat!!!!
the best boyfriend you could hope for is your best friend, because he knows u best and most importantly, accepts u the way you are.
People that hate bieber #suckitbitch <3
Congrats! How exciting!
where is your favorite place for fried fish?
Unspeakably tired. Surprise anni-dinner-party for my parents, followed by more drinks after. Can't go to the hotel until others get home.
Thank you for following us!
No, we are not special, just unique in that we do what others talk about doing if they were really free & brave as claimed in song & lie
no problem! :)
Partying with my favorite people !
You should never tell a child that their dreams are unlikely or outlandish because you NEVER know.
i'm about to do my laundry. should i live tweet and ustream?
how many shots did Melo take to get 21?
Self pleasure is da best pleasure...
Some people need a smack in their face lol
Chocolate covered cashews, you wanted them we now have them! See you soon!
Captain America was amazing!!!$ Chris Evans is such a man!!!!
Night everyone. I love you all. <3
When you double-date, go out with fun, upbeat, positive couples.
At my first job fair! Wish me luck!
I remember wishing I was home from South America so that I could see this match - vs. from 21.
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy wings from The Lube. lots and lots of wings.
Do you have a fancy to have a swim before lunch?
Romny does not...Newt maybe...Ron Paul maybe...
Just sang "it's coming back to me mow" at karaoke and can't help but think of
never. Seriously. Do you have any clue how hard an actors life is? Reading a glib tweet always rubs me the wrong way.
Ah... settling back into N. Calif., after all these miles, it is a kind of home. Shows in the bay area, central coast, a masterclass/concer
”Act with confidence” ”Sieze the moment” w
Lmmfao dumb girlfriend on maury I love when the b.m right and leave the g.f lookin stupid!.
thanks for the follow baby girl
W/ Vanessa *:
I will be playing at the cup in wantagh tonight from 9-12!
put all the monies in your bra, homegirl! or you can borrow our cash box.
Yeahh! Just come to my house, we'll go there together
#ICA's Fire Breathing Virtuosity was a success thanks 2 the outstanding musicians & our dedicated audience. More to come on Feb 6, 13, 26
US-Advance
wonder if anyone else out there got suckered from buying meals from like i did? totally horrible experience!
YOU LOOK A LITTLE IN DISMAY AT #SOTU @ #POTUS I THINK WE ALL AGREE WITH YOU!
Watching this pregnancy movie in health makes me never want kids in my life
Asking the important questions RT $1 or 4 quarters? Which do you prefer?
Hahahahaha! Kill botches get money.
What people in Blue Zones have in common? Moving all day, Purpose, Reflect, Eating Wisely, Connect, Faith, Friendship
I love will smith.
Your mistake was leaving me behind while i watch you be happy and me be heartbroken
try their lunch and dinner! SUSHI TARO serves 21 TFT menu items including the Sushi Lunch Box, Saba Shio Lunch Set, and Seaweed Salad.
fuck the patsies
Bro you is trippin'
Those are SWEET!
New Reports are sending us info #UFC & #Utlimate winner was busted w a DUI
It's a beautiful day
--sure you have other talents also(: like, seriously. aksdjaklsj haha whatever:/
Happy Birthday !
I get your point, but by positioning it as "only" HBO's fault and by saying there's no other way to see the show, it lies.
Waking up to you is like waking up to superman
My new standards got me lookin at my past love life like "ewwwww" lol
Workin on it! :)
Some early morning stratergizing. Well early for Saturday
“: I want to watch scary movies with you and have you hold me when I get scared, and whisper 'I'll protect you'”
That's exactly what this is, couldn't put my finger on it RT : Lil Tornado weather in L.A.?
bored. someone text me please? :)
Oh what up giirrll!!? I see you venturing off Facebook and gettin your tweet on.
Dirty Bieber Secrets? Wtf
#OWIF: I was starving, but the only two restaurants here are an Appleby's and some dude selling fish off his raft. I'm thinking fish.
Thanks for the mention, Paul!
Frank Martin is the new Bball coach at South Carolina...you will never hear from him again
When r we going out to the beach?
Y shld I giv up on my cause U feel they cnt win! I believe in my team. We suffered a lot but y'all cnt giv up now
Rock of Ages. Sweet
Thanks for trying out our site. Would love your thoughts.
Id rather do nothing and be happy then do something I don't love
You are a fine weatherman, I don't care what Tone says about triceps or the fact that you actually like boobs.
When he says things like, ‘It’s always good to have one of these handy,’ I kind of just want to punch the little pip-squeak in the mouth
Sometimes a girl keeps going back to a guy who treats her bad, because she's not ready to give up hope that maybe someday he'll change.
did you write your statement ?
Don't forget to join us for #21CRadio tweet chat tonight at 6pm PST! We'll be giving away tix!
Funny I think my next tattoo needs to be a Lotus/Heart over my chest... Buddha's Sacred Heart ;-) miss you!
Are you on the show floor today?
Exactly, I was agreeing with you. If we must have fish, swordfish wins every time.
Is that the new Roger Sterling auto biography?
whats a good resource if your just starting as a writer?
: Thanks for following me on twitter.
$40 a week would help put Republicans out of office.
We would like to broadcast on our station if they would send us their music to us at
god yes! Both accents are eargasms.
My series recording is always set to record an extra hour of TAR. I FFW until I see Andy Rooney.
The ImFuckinDope girl? Impressive.
A-rod sucks
Ervin Johnson (no magic)
sounds like a nice tasting! What varieties of eight bells?
I Know This Because, I Just Witnessed It
It's some funny #FamuFb lmao!!!
*rolls eyes ..*shrugs..*..walks away:-)
YOU > EVERYTHING
Tonight at The Lodge in Robinsdale ... Hosting & Performing LIVE Tycoondaceo Stop by for drink specials too!
If your apartment has carpets, I say, smart apartment!
What the hell happened to you?
There's no worse feeling than that millisecond you're sure you are going to die after leaning your chair back a little too far.
ACTION is the foundational key to all success.
Received the good news today that I am Board Certified by the Institute of Noise Control Engineering (INCE)!
it is! I held out for the right gig. Feels like I 'belong' here. Am now the Digital User Experience Librarian
The super nintendo one is pretty sweet!
haha! Send help.
Surfed the last three days in a row. Feeling carved from stone and molded from jell-o at the exact same time.
RT : Not a single #1 in the Final Four. Don't let anyone else's ranking define who you are or what you can do.
The Wiltern wrote some love to The Beastie Boys on their marquee. Sweet gesture.
Omg i wishh he told meh that he was coming <3
goodnight Bad Mihok and also Dirty Fiennes >:D
Fire marshal shut us down for real candles during prayer. Synthetic electric candle flicker & smell of incense wafting from gallery.
2/25 The Artistry of Stevie Wonder Concert Benefiting Duke Ellington School of theArts 7:30pm F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts
Thank you for the RT , you can never be too prepared for snow :)
someone made you a fuckyeahcheyennekimball.tumblr.com (everyones biggest fans make it, feel honored! ) xx
Feeling ok. Choked that last fight. Nothing else to do but get right back after it. Thanks for everything! Coming back stronger
Partying in the neighborhood.
When twitter eventually shuts down in the future, then the LoC archive will be useless, I think :(
Tutor Doctor Tip #18 - Spending 5-min organizing your backpack each day will increase your grades by 20% in 6-months.
Kesha is acting like a CHILD?! Tami really said that?! I can't with these bitches.
There cannot be a crisis next week. My schedule is already full.
I'm tagging up with to talk shit about she look the subs feet on Friday
When will #SuperBowlXLVI break Twitter? Guaranteed it's down at least once.
": #Athletics announce Manny will officially begin stint with Triple-A Sacramento on Saturday in Albuquerque." Forgot about him
It's good to see a guy say this! ": A Girlfriend should never have ANY competition!"
I 3> my global filter. RT : REMINDER: PLEASE do NOT use the "F" word, vulgarities when including me on replies, pls! Thanks.
Heard from reliable sources that they only "emerging" that was done was of body parts. #el10ala RT "Emerging" my ass
try singing in the microphone.
You will never be where you cannot see. What do you SEE?
Who are your favorite early education blogs/websites?
damn I just changed it 2sec ago
Kacie's cousin owns this place.
#thatawesomemoment when your whole house falls silent except for the stereo because Red Hot Chilli Peppers come on.
Created an email address with my soon to be new last name!
are the best!
Time to get my #swag on. #Film and #acting that's my shit! B-)
You know what motherfuckers.... Lebrons PAYCHECK ain't acting so fuck you
Exclusive deals just for GalTime Atlanta! Check out our facebook page GalTime Atlanta (and "like" us!) for more details!
Wellcome, , nice to have a fellow animal lover here :)
Vanget has a Job Fair TODAY for hundreds of openings: 9am - 3pm @ Crowne Plaza Tampa East Hotel on 10221 Princess Palm Ave in Tampa
You can point out everyone's fIaws? You must be so perfect at everything.
I'm supposed to be doing some copywriting, but my mind is elsewhere...
your welcome :))
How many hours before Desean asks for a new contract? #I'msaying2
i do :-) wish we talked more still. Miss being able to talk about whatever and not be judged. We need our convos again!
sweet wall
thanks for the follow<U+2665>!
What a great anoball.
Motor racing-Formula One driver and constructor standings
For the record, I thought she was already out. People claim she's in the closet because she didn't make some huge announcement?
listening to misfits last night and decided to wiki glenn danzig..didn't know he wanted to be a comic book creator. even had a studio
Making multiple gallery visits in Chicago; then time to get back into my own studio
Already got an application from the lovely ! Holy moly!
Enjoying the fine streets of NYC! Brick Lane Curry Challenge...here we come!
He asked me if I was okay. I explained everything to him. We always text... Can he not tell I like him?
Worldwide Trend
you seriously blew me away tonight. I freaking love your voice!!
My Number One #birthdaywish Is To Still Have My Gf By My Side :* <3
M mango shake with tapioca soon :D
you hate me don't you. lol
What does friend even mean? I don't know anymore
Don't hate me because I'm beautiful. I don't hate you cos you're not.
we got 90,000 on file if u want to ever use our dj.
you guys are awesome! Have an amazing new year! I'll see you in 2012!!
R u interested in a Big Role in our Compton Based Hood Movie 2 STAR n Other Known Name Talent? Email pls?
(2/2) it pissed my dad off we werent allowed to root for the wash bullets. Now I live in SA so it's
I feel sorry for Lebron who has no rings
I can't expect everyone that I care about have sympathy or care about how I feel .. it never happens that way.. well for me ):
I'm not being a crazy girl. You're being an asshole.
oops for #oracle for not objecting!
H.U.G.S. witth and lexi
me either I miss everyone so much!! Can't wait to be home!!
Alka-seltzer: when the mute button doesn't fix it
I fool tells his closest friends all of his secretes because he does not understand that close friends become mortal enemies in a heartbeat.
Hatred never ceases by hatred; by love alone it is healed. This is the ancient and eternal law.--Jack Kornfield
My dads been singing it can be true at the top of his lungs the whole day the problem is.. he can't sing
it's not night here. Haha. It was drinking out of our pool and I went to clean the pool and it got under my shirt.
I'm digging the new look of profile windows in #Hootsuite...the larger avatar seems to speak to the design/layout of the
also just thought...you may invite the local cross country/track teams from high school's and colleges
why if im not with him he never called me or never came back from north caralina or where he went :"(
I agree...My prediction...Mr. Finley comes up huge this drive..
Today, there is a great deal of debate surrounding comprehensive immigration reform
Did you Rate a hospital yet?
Is it bad that I eat 90% of my meals standing up?
Apparently, Ithaca area swimmers are aiming to set a goal in both stupidity and fatalities this year. Stop swimming in no-swim areas!
yeah! Have fun! I love bogo book fairs...
Can't wait to play a show with / next Saturday. Its going to be a really fun show.
Van Gundy just went ham in the flop rule
Thx guys! Great to connect with fellow #ColoradoSprings locals, too!
We get to try our acting shoes on tonight!! We are doing a small part as a band in a pilot for some new show...pretty cool
whoops! Sent that originally from my personal account. :) Hope you swing by the office sometime!
The racism we experience is a systemic racism. One that attempts to explain away police, media & structural racism in the USA.
Merry Christmas twitter world!
I'd like to donate a cantillon grand cru to the sour tasting. Interested?
love you love you love you. Let's follow4follow? yes? try the link on my profile if you need free promotion.
So much work to do before I leave next week, Redic!
Unless a student feels strongly about the subjects on one test, it is best to take both. Thank you for your insight!
Nothing to do on wed? is gonna destroy the house of blues in hollywood. Fyi.
Met with Josh Kraft, CEO of the Boys and Girls Clubs of Greater Boston...a great partnership to get kids outdoors.
So Set Fire to the Rain or Give Your Heart a Break? which one you want to see first??
What a finish!
Did you know that if you dream about someone you want something from them? Cant sleep.
God uses suffering as a whetstone, to make men sharp with. Henry Ward Beecher
Poltergeist, it's been too long
Watching Funny People with Underrated movie.
Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute - Josh Billings
My story of coming to #Austin: Midwest by birth, New England raised and lived in 5 states + D.C. before coming to #ATX 10 yrs ago.
ight, be ready
good morning I hope you have a great day...
i was editing a google doc!
yea Tayari!!! Congrats!!
that's not fair
Did you see my reply to you about cranberries for urinary health?
Musicians, Booking Agents Join www.SmartGuy.com. I SEO all the members coming into SmartGuy.com Mark at www.WebPromotion.com - 703-722-6012
working at work
#imsofuckedup I almost tried taking my makeup off with nail polish remover instead of makeup remover
We'll take the win!
Charlie Peprah, you are the weakest link goodbye.
Rose will be out 8-12 months?? I guess the bulls r fucked for next season as well
Mixers..."green"...something lol
. nevermind. Spoke too soon. :(
This RT : 2011: Bylsma for the Jack Adams!! I love him!! 2012: We lost in round 1 fire Bylsma!! Pens fans, get a grip!
Sometimes it gets late real quick
muscle spasm in my back. -_____- kill me now.
All I can say is I love Arte`!! Thank you for inviting me along to Sips n Strokes and unleashing a creative monster. ;-)
I'm the type of girl that will start laughing, in the dead of silence, about something that happened yesterday :)
Twitter follow restrictions REALLY SUCK -- i can't even return a follow to someone following me :( You get punished for being popular :(
relaxin..about to hop on the tables (dj) and practice for this prom that I gotta dj tomorrow. Lol.
Hey All! Today is the last day for my Buttercream Body Wash giveaway. DM me if you want to be entered to win. Thanks!
Doesn't this also apply to Rubio & Jindal? Unfortunately.
Imma say it again: Lake Pontchartrain is NOT safe for swimming. NORD has free pools or go to a real beach in MS. Please NOT the lake!!!
All done with Christmas services for the day. No more trumpet .... for a few hours.
Go Lions!! Rar!
ask suzy what hell she block me i am her fucking sis bro
We're delighted to have Perseus Project Editor-in-Chief Prof. Gregory Crane with us today to talk about the future of the scholarly edition.
West softball wins, sets up tourney game with North - Mooresville Tribune
today's gonna be a long day.
I think the reason Manning signed with the Broncos is that his decor is horse themed and he doesnt want to buy new stuff.
Who else is #running this AM?? Trying to psych myself up for the awesomely chilly weather we're having.
A.J. Burnett.
I ALREADY CALLED DIBBS!!!
Im from Russia, yourself? :)
Check out the reachers on Wash's glasses.
Again, nice work for the photoshop work on my new avatar. Will leave up for a few days.
C days are my favorite. But yeah, C days are comfy days. Thats what the C stands for.
Enjoying a big cup of Earl Grey so very delicious
hockey night in canada announcers are the shit
hey there, i like your background/icon (:
DVR ALERT! WSS is performing “America” on Lifetime during “The Balancing Act” morning show TOMORROW @ 7am EST. Coming to Baltimore April 13!
hahahahahabahahhaha so true
i been ok..hbu?
you act like your 12 though.....
Back on my MUZIC SHIT !!! Show SOME LUZ BUY A T-Shirt get a free CD !! YALL KNOW wher to find me ! IN DA NORTH
yeah, i get to watch #theguild for homework. no big deal.
There's NOT 1 #GOP VOTER or LEADER who has COURAGE or COMMITMENT to face the QUESTIONS the AMERICAN PEOPLE have bout #GOP GRAFT&GREED!
I think I'm gonna start lifting up my shirt, showing off my gut, and demanding to be called The Fatuation.
you know you love it.
weather damn near looks ugly
Congrats on your award, Carlos! Just read about it in the Foghorn.
you're welcome! hit me up monday.
Only in physics class will people get pumped about getting a clicker question right.
AH!!!! KATIE!!!! I MISS U AND THE TENNIS TEAM!!!--hows it going?!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
i wanna see soul surfer. :)
how was border patrol today? I hope you had your passport.
You may have noticed we've been quiet - big changes are in the works. New space, website and staffers... Oh my!
“: Wow. What a brilliant night for Impact Wrestling's X Division. I'm so proud.” can we more matches like those soon?
. heard "kerblooey" MT : Did just say "kerpluey" on ?”
Another tweet at me is implying that b/c I oppose the proposed anti-Sharia Bill in Kansas, I must support gay men being hanged in Iran?!
RT : You guys are rockin, good job!
Just got some fresh rims for my motorcycle. Witches be all on me.
cause you don't call me text me twitter me Facebook me ... You just don't use me lol
are you guys still gonna be in vegas this weekend? :) im going this weekend!
RT Always great to see ! Let's hope he breaks out his famous party favor at the Blu event tonight!
every opportunity to show them what you got is cause for celebration on my twitter feed
Looking forward to the Commission on the Status of Women's award banquet 2nite. Good start to Mother's Day weekend!
Do you know about the doughnuts and pastries from Jarosh Bakery in Elk Grove Village? Get 'em for breakfast tomorrow – they're amazing.
Then I truly apologize at the way I reacted.
2nite is the final regular season home basketball game for the Maroon Tigers! 7:30 pm in Forbes Arena vs Benedict!! Come on out!
After today's events, I've given my niece extra kisses after tucking her in. Can't imagine not seeing a child as a blessing!
Haters need a job too, they'll be back on his bandwagon when he strikes his pose in late August.
Um, I don't know. I just went to some mall with my sister, Jatalya, and Alyssa x3
First #wifilmfest film of a five-film day. Ichiro Dreams of Sushi. Set to roll. Get it?
I fucked up bad yesterday but u know it's nothing but love..we gone see him prolly sooner than later
Tonight I watched OLDBOY on 35mm. A film which gets it right in every way a film can get it right. Korean cinema based on a Japanese manga.
Not this semester! No need to plan around me Take lots of pictures of Biscuit in your office and w/ the cherry blossoms
How's it going over there? Been awhile!
Be Real, Repeatable, Roving & build Relationships.
I feel better! I ended up getting about 500 words in. But madding, nonetheless... you know?
not even g
congrats on another great season
Oh, yeah! (: I've talked to you before :D and I'm going to go to sleep (: goodnite
That person I saw rockin the mullet at fox now works here. He is serving full "Business in the front-party in the back" realness lmao!!!
And big hop is the 1st sample kicked ;)
Going Dentist tomorrow so nervous :-/
third weekend of August
#celebrityapprentice Even when Aubrey isn't the project manager she acts like she is the project manager.enough already. volunteer for it.
and cashiers should have to take a speed test. Nothing worse than waiting in line forever because of a slow ass cashier.
Lawmakers vote on a new Viking's Stadium today. If they approve it, they will then have to actually find a team to play in it.
I love my boys <3
It's hump day. Most theater seasons are over and companies are getting ready for the but you can still catch some good plays
Music gives a soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and life to everything.
Headed out to the Tog grounds tomorrow! Weather looks nice. Definitely sailing if you want to join us. !!
One in her hand costs about $400 less than 2 in her bush.
We have UR All-American Rejects tickets , U will also get 2 meet the band in the Fresh studios!
AND....HE'S COMING BACK FOR US!!!
congrats ice!!!
I look just like the girls next door... if you happen to live next door to an amusement park. - Dolly Parton
I hate them more than any other insect! They make me cringe! <U+E407>
#ThatAwkwardMoment when a popular girl at ur school who doesn't even know you comments on your status telling u not to watch a scary movie
That florida shooting is MESSED UP
Rain knocked out my so no hockey or POTUS speech for me. :( It's a pretty little thunderstorm though!
McIlroy hits a 3-wood 360. Does this mean he hits his drive 400 yards?
RT : hre at the London #DSGHack site Excited/Scared depending how much I think abt it! #bigdataweek. y arnt U hre?
Tip from : in honor of Itzhak Perlman's show 2nite , watch his '80 duet with Telly Monster on Sesame Street!...
Making me sit outside while you two eat? Great parenting. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> you should get an award.
We have been working with Mr. Crumb for many years and will be premiering his latest work in 8 days! We have many CDs available
Haha I was busy singing into my hairbrush Mr. Impatient. RT : um, are your texts not working Ms.? Lol
RT : Born and raised in GA, I know decent BBQ; and the ribs at Twin Anchors in Chicago are the best I ever had.
can you fry car keys? Yes. Can you fry fries? Get out ... there's one every semester.
Tampa's Hottest Latin Music Night is TONIGHT at Blue Martini at 8:30 with the Latin C'Nergy Band!!
Check out ! FREE tool for teachers/parents! Online portfolios for dev. milestones & memories! Parents <3 love it!
Can SharePoint be used as an LMS? Absolutely.
2 HOLISTIC HEALING ALTERNATIVE'S (H.H.A). I make numerous trips a day!
in other news, i really just love segues. alright, tweet out cub scouts!
who's coming next week? your mom?
i would like to combine the names Fernando & Amarilis for a baby boy name,but cant get it quite right
Thanks for mention in Friday's Can't wait to see everyone May 21!
yay for ! I LOVED teaching HSSP!
It is FREEZING in the studio right now. The bosses must be trying to keep us well preserved.
Considering taking slide film photographs, writing long intense cursive handwritten letters, buying the NY times.
Thanks for the follow I look forward to your tweets #VO #voiceover #voice over# voices
come check me out perform live june 19th in flushing, ny at the 7 train theatre
Want to connect on Facebook? "Like" Qponomics-mobile coupons, Sacramento. It's the best place to leave your feedback and suggestions.
Went to the today. First time the animals gave a fuck. Crocodile was actually swimming around. And the cheetahs were awake!
sweden cities
Every time I get on Facebook, another one of my friends is engaged or posting baby pictures. I refuse to grow up.
Listening to the "Occupy Seattle" protesters being evacuated from Westlake. Media choppers overhead waiting for chaos and looting to ensue..
that raises more questions than it answers.
i decide to read my timeline and apparently theres a girl who thinks shes dating cody?! LOL. if she was really dating him, she'd keep quiet.
I use photosynth to take panoramas
#futureoffilm we are the
Happy Friday Dudes!!! XD
Ole! Road trip time! ": Central Market Plano Passporte to Espana "
Enjoyed brothers. We are trying to record the Wind. One day we hope to take that dream. Kisses to & Rs.
Sticky Rice RT Chipotle or Sticky Rice?
Finally caught this week's GLEE on the DVR last night. Have to say that the Valentine episode was one of their best ever.
I love Wisco, but Cali is good for some vitamin D. Any good eats in san Diego?
on itunes?
I thought I lost your ball
If a 747 can carry a space shuttle on its back, I'm calling bullshit on all the overweight baggage charges!!
#Iwish this internet was faster so that my movies would download before my flight.
come on girl
no! I wish! That's what I'm trying to get outta him! Lol
making lists of lists in preparation for the party and the performances to follow.
Highlands looks unbeatable! Let me know what you think?
Burgers or Chicken - not a big hot dog fan but, I've been known to eat one-chili&cheese. I'd have to have custard too! :-)
That is a nice blue!
Fuck y'all mad at me for? Y'all don't even know what I've been through
news from bmore: bedbugs. let us be clear. this completely encompasses my worst nightmare. don't wanna leave reasonable affluence in LA!
Cool. Going in I figured it would take 9 goals to win
let me count the ways that u can suck my diznik real quick1ur gona like wat u see 2real big diznik etc i could go on but that takes too long
I really don't want to be home right now. Wish I had friends that live nearby. :-(
One Direction rhymes with perfection. Coincidence? I THINK NOT.
haha that's awesome! :) Keep having fun!
Justin Bieber just looks like the type of guy that fingers himself from time to time.
Our readers would love to share your experience as you study at University of Phoenix. LMK if you want to share thoughts.
#EVilla | Professional Tuesdays | 80's Wednesdays | Casual Thursdays-NuDisco | Deep&Disco Fridays | House Saturdays | Secret Sundays
how do I find you on it? Downloaded it when I got your email.
I'm watching the home shopping network & I'm mesmerized
Any dept that starts cutting back on their grad students' training, to cut time to completion, will hamstring them on the market.
Awww...you're havin' a baby? Congratulations!
Cuddling with my kitty. <3
RT Congrats to US Olympics Marathon Trial winners Meb and Shalane-Going to be great competition in London!
Q2.5 Are we giving you what YOU want?
well blake woke me up at 7am asking for some turkey...lol..logie is slowly waking up and functioning, and well Jamie,..lol...hes out of it
Awesome idea, but alas, it went awry. You'll see why - also, did I try to set you on fire?
stephen+hill
rediscover David Brent & Wernham Hogg. You'll thank me.
Bielen blocked Smotrycz from all B1G and anyone on the schedule for 2yrs...
Worst part about retiring from NFL? According to Trevor Pryce, losing access to secure Nike website for free gear
That way they can be too big to fail
Tell them what you really think. Otherwise, nothing will change.
My name is Peter ;3 Lol,that was me at the park!!!
You could, you know, relax and enjoy the day. ::bad influence:: ;)
#313DLove the new creative & tech hub at the Madison Building!
Burn 522 before we hit the road. I know...you'll be back...and I'll be here.
Did you know video content isn't readable by search engine bots? Keep reading to learn more
HUS 365 and BOS 420 are being offered this summer and i just found out im teaching the class
All offices at Peabody are closed from today till Jan 4, 2010. have a great vacation everyone!
Hearing that a lot this afternoon. His stock must be rising.
it's always a nice sentiment when a band ignores a indie record label's email. good luck bubs
I've actually done that before...go at night no lines at the slide! lol
Juss saw an old video of he jumped into the crowd. Juss thinking if he did that nowadays he would probably be kidnapped.haha
Relationships require trust, just like a cell phone with service. What do you do when you have no service?? You play games...
RT : House ratings: 185 Safe R, 149 Safe D – so only 101 of 435 races (23%) of all races are even potentially competitive.
Mushrooms and tilapia in a red wine garlic sauté and spinach salad for dinner. Probably better with red meat but still yummy with fish!!
Going old school...watching McGyver
the new jam forsho
From-L.A
Need a second opinion on your business telecoms renewal quotes or pence per minute charges.. are you paying connection charges? call us now.
So there's people fighting in the street , I'm just like ;o Jose Luis ! Jose Luis ! Lol
Smoke another bowl? Yeah.
yep I feel old because I'm always taking an damn nap
Way ahead of you there. I think I overdid it, in fact.
I hate when my clothes are inside out when I take them out of the dryer!
damn, what happened?
Couldn't agree more, those outfits and mustaches were hilarious!
I know!! Tomorrow is my rest day I have one friday!!!
smooth bro. What equipment you get?
Party on fifth aveeeeeeeeee.
can I have ur last name guys?
Hollie Cavanagh on Idol WOW!!! One of the best voices on the show!
Nice choice my friend.. very tasty stuff. That's French for "greasy moustache" in case you didn't know...
Ran into John Cardiel and Matt Rodriguez today in Midtown!
do you even know what a Football is?? "in the face!! this is my favorite part" Hakeem from Zamunda Voice!!
now you're thinking dome thugs in harmony- martin
Just had lunch with Bill and Chelsea Clinton (well, we were sitting at different tables). Loved it.
okay love you:) do we have a test toooomorrrowwww??
Correction: This Week's Specials are Bangkok Noodles, Marco Polo, Kung Pao
Come on Giants ! #smfh you can do this.
HTC One X - gray (AT&T)
gonna ck out new blog posts :-)
Oh my god! Rach! Oh my god Jill! Oh my god introduce us! hahaha
Lookin' good on , !
“: This movie #OneMissedCall booty as hell. Its a fake ass #finaldestination .” --you didn't watch 13 Ghosts before that?
I would love to meet someone like u (YOU)
Tweet me when its up? :D
follow back?
Librarians should make time for vendor calls, even if there's no money to buy the product, because it is their job to know what's available.
No school today. The silence was deafening. Everyone's back on Monday plus one new student!
there's only a few people in my life that i could never replace c: you guys are what matter the most to me <3 #thatsright feel special c; <3
no Seth. Playing reserves tomorrow...
bldg owners selected a concept - acrylic blue bird, artist selected - concept images coming soon!
Just posted my latest, The Town Without Children. I will be posting final part very soon.
and why the hell does a 3-year-old need breast milk. Eat some real food and drink a glass of milk.
awesome interview with he's doing it here in Detroit so I know he's going to succeed in Cleveland
Flow Society Lacrosse Brand Signs Connor Martin as Official Brand Ambassador
Are you serious? RT : Seriously like 10 people got kicked off our flight before we even left Owensboro for being drunk
I think my twitter has been hacked!!! Anyone have any suggestions on how to stop it????
"#Facebook rewards conversations." "Social media is a conversation." - Stratten of on the #vocus conference
Jazz pianist Cyrus Chestnut coming to Blues Alley, WDC July 21-23. Gives amazing performance. Groupon available!
Y do folks think u racing when u pass em up on the road not even paying attention to em
If a man expects his woman to be an angel in his life, then he should first create a Heaven for her.
When do parents start to take some responsibility in raising their kids? Maybe spend time with your kids rather than always pass them off.
TONIGHT THE PARTY IS AT MINK !!! $1DRINKS AND $60 BOTTLES TILL 11 AND NO COVER ALL NIGHT !!! IN THE MIX RELAXED DRESS CODE 21+
Summer on my mind
Braving the snow to get chicken stock to cook soup.
New museum gallery construction project starts for this week. Galleries will be opening in Fall 2012. More details to come
Me: old people rock out at Kroger. Daughter: yah, your age and older.
Council asks public to email our thoughts & ideas to mayor and city council. will put contact info on their website.
u cant go wrong with them J's lol
Thanks! RT : I'm digging as well. Healthy Deals, Tailored Meals
Can someone xplain to me how I get a twitter app for my new blackberry
Sending good ticket getting vibes your way.
Is he better then Dwight and Andrew Bynum?
Seriously You as a hetero male can marry/divorce 3 times yet I can not marry the love of my life even once? #prop8!
Fuck you, glasses on my desk.
Today is the last day of 's annual meeting in San Francisco. Have you stopped by our stand for a browse and a chat?
Oh! Belated-but-copious thanks to for having the #casesmc chat idea in the first place!
hi, thanks for following back<U+263A>
i forgot my bday! Haha its on the 6th of november!
So well-played. Just really nicely done.
s.s.d.d. same shit different day
Not surprisingly, person who said developing relations w donors n fac mbrs not abt schmoozin n boozin is PhD in Eng
Excuse the mess it made. It usually doesn't rain in.
not yet
After last night, I really did nothing of any value until about 3:30 today.
Ah mini skirt on an adult man O_O
#sschat what is fist of 5?
well you should have lol:)
5 military helicopters overhead. Welcome to LA President Obama.
excited for the #urbanathlon in Chi this Saturday... who else is competing?
Lol well ...will c
your twitter account have been hacked and is sending spam. please recover your account.
your badminton skills were way better than my hip hop skills
it's too cloudy down here :(
Well, that sucked.
Everything I do on my iPhone is based on how it best compliments my Twitter. "That's a tweet right there."
Yeah right, anything to take the blame off the worse trade of the decade “: Cashman emphasizes this is not a case of damaged goods
whoa now slow down girl! Thems fightin words!
RT Cake Shop was amazing! Playing the Mondo Indie Dance Party @ Don Hill's tonight, 511 Greenwich St. at Spring St.
The #KNICKS defense is atrocious...all these lazy motherfuckers piss me the fuck off. Get rid of this bum Dantoni already.
They had that on a loop in all NYC cabs this week. Great clip.
Happy Hour until 6!
Gonna call in and try to get bbash tickets!
that awkward moment when ur about to sneeze qnd you make that wierd im-about-to-sneeze-face but you dont sneeze
How yall suppose to be Heat fans but yall steady calling them the "Heats"
How did my 3rd grade spelling test get on twitter?
band guy...
What a game! Unbelievable!!!!!
A good relationship should have 3 things: eyes that won’t cry, lips that won’t lie and love that won’t die.
RT: The professors think the students are dumb, and the students think the professors are dumb.
#WhyDoiAlways care so much about u, worry if your ok. Feel overly protective over u, if I know you wouldn't even give me the time of day.
Join us for the start of at this friday! We have a great special on our site! 3 for $10 any craft!
Some of the BEST Live Music in AL & Nashville going down Today at Alabama Crawfish River Fest - & There!
U seen my face ? U dont think I have a gf? Says the dude who hides his fat ass behind a seahawk pic
The weather couldn't be more pleasant this morning. Setting up the tailgate in these conditions is great. Time for some meat and beer.
How is there a better Mother's Day present than s #New&Improved #BloodyMary ??
well holy shit cactus club has a twitter now SUGGEST US TO YOUR FRIENDS!!!
Carroll Shelby, too? Wow.
My eye is still red from the water park ride. I can work with one eye today :) lol
is so cute <3
Come out to the KiMo tonight Ya Ya Boom at 8 and Two Year Saga at 9
u r beautiful thanks 4 follow much love
RT : Online should be structured always, a dash of this and that, but moreover, be consistant, relevant and connect
Come up to Alaska! Flannel is always in style here. ;) RT : I love Nirvana and miss being in style wearing flannel.
Just followed you! <U+2665>
Letting my 9 year old (born in 2001) watch for history's sake but talk of retaliation is scary.
Just watched another great interview with the humble #jeremylin on
Thank you, Eleanor! :)
It should still be a good turn out :)
Thank you so much for the feature today! (p.s. 3.5 weeks left!) (til we meet) (in case it wasn't clear) (sorry)
RT : This week's #awcchat feat. guest host on working w/interns. Anyone can join us - Thurs 3/22, 1130am CST.
Hey! I see you! What're you doin on Twitter?!
Yu will shut it down <3;D
It makes me wanna mount machine guns on my car.
It's like practicing just before a show,
: Hey Nets, Only Brooklynites Care About Brooklyn, The Rest Of Us Are Too Proud Of Our Borough To Wear "Brooklyn" On Our Chest
Come on Drew!
yea she said thx :D
word on the street is that your wife's gumbo is better than yours.
yeah haha did you guys get stuck on vortex too? Lol
This really sucks when there's like two people in my class including me.
#Didyouknow the NYC Aquarium opened in 1896 to 30,000 visitors? check out more interesting tidbits about the aquarium in my next tweets.
Whoever tweeted about whoever tweeted about becoming a coke dealer and calling yourself "Instagrams," you had me laughing : )
Good point. I could give one shit but not two.
Happy 311 day!
Air Force vs. Navy....first leg for the Commander in Chief's trophy. Falcons look to break the losing streak against the Mids.
What's New at Big Think - Are We Living in The Post-Romantic Age? bigthink.com/ideas/40334 via
I'm working this weekend, though.
those e-trade baby commercials just keep getting better n' better. milka-what ?
I'd advise against anyone forming a diagnosis on the basis of the video. The vid does however depict a symptom I discuss.
amazing hike today! <3
When someone gives me a judgemental look, I merely smile.
yes so far so good. there's not a lot of space. I can fit an ID, 2 Visas, 2 biz cards & a 20 but that's about all I carry
RT love it! Shoot over the acapellas when you can.
Check out article on dining in the dark at www.asktheconscience.com
Birds thanks for pooping all over my car <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
I wanna meet u some day idk y lol
thats a good song ! you should do it(:
as I have been told time and time again can't compare actors process to PW. But look at what Aaron at Stepenwolf proposed 1/2
Loving how the #Canucks still haven't learned how to play against Marchand...
Hey, you're not ugly to someone else; just to me. Does that make me shallow? No, it means that I have good taste & 20/20 vision. Now be gone
hahah just in this game! :) A-Rod's throw was the game-changer.
Big thanks to for inviting me on the show to talk #StarWars and #Dungeons&Dragons!
Who actually believes that Obama will get a second term. He will be a lame-duck president after the Novemember elections...just watch!!
Feels better now than she has in a long time
Emotionally drained and downing a beer at Gordon Biersch. Victory is hard work.
awesome! Wish I had one of these close by.
I'm thinking about doing the same thing. Did you sell it on ebay?
cheapest is in metro area is park Meadows. Go Amazon though
good look fam
hahah I'm pretty sure we are.
wake up grab beer, grab rear, shave beard, put on some scene gear
Wow. Palin resigns. Never saw that coming.
" There is a difference between knowing the path & walking the path. -Morpheus"
Felt great! ": Getting pretty excited for a nice 8-miler w/ on this lovely day!"
yeah looks like it but it's got some dents and stuff.
credit card roulette is the best game ever. Right ??
95 degrees and 4% humidity: Springtime in Phoenix.
(: Thank you and You're welcome!
how about none? Lmfao, come on both days.
Follow me please!:)xx
I was on google I typed amazing person and you popped up it!
Prints are of the original artwork signed by Nelson Mandela to help support his Mvezo Upliftment project inspired by the 2010 FIFA World Cup
Day four without coffee. Mostly drinking black tea instead. Amazed no serious withdrawal symptoms and feeling great, much calmer :)
yep. Scrappy wit good D
where are the ride or die chicks at? i guess they dont exisit! oh well ill ride by my self!
Good day very beautiful and can't stop smiling hearing this beautiful birds singing humming chirpin .. good morning to u too
From A to Z all that really matters is U and I.
Makes me wonder if he'd be no. 1 if Jack White didn't release today?
fina do it now
you cant see me cena
Teacher: "I'm calling your parents!" Age 10: Omg no! Please! Age 13: Whatever.. ( pretends not to worry) Age 15+: Tell them I said Hey!”
I need your help.... What would you eat for breakfast if you were allergic to Wheat, Oats, Corn, Dairy & Eggs?
Those who can't forget are worse off than those who can't remember
In Myrtle Beach today to install, set-up and train new client on QuickBooks Enterprise.
About to get started @ AFTRA L.A !
Salma Hayek "Fools Rush In" crazy, yes...Salma Hayek "From Dusk Till Dawn" crazy? HELL NAW! which crazy are u? LOL
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> yes please! Lol Saturday is just around the corner<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Painting ... :D
Were you at #OccupyLA last weekend? I was there with and we marched the shit out of that thing.
Did you know, Miami is home to 150+ ethnicities and 60+ languages
Cant turn this rangers caps game off. Let's go rangers
Fun day today.... car repair shop then DMV
thank you! And happy fathers day!
ya it's gonna be a great day of diving
Good morning everyone!! #TGIF =D
Its official, Delmon Young is a beast! 2 HRs in one game!
Wow, thanks for that compliment. You're 100% certified awesome!
NEWS FLASH!!!....one of the registration tables is now a charging station in the Weasler. There should also be one in Ballroom E
Rainy Day Sale-$$10 OFF ANY SERVICE TODAY !! Call 503-241-4922, today for a free quote & mention Facebook or Twitter for $10 off !!
Use it like this: cat turtles.tsv | rawk 'print $F[4], $F[2]'
Dawson bleeding
Congrats! I teach for in NYC, but am in LA 4x's a year to teach. You can catch me at a free seminar with
Make sure you wear underwear this time. You know how those glass steps can be going down!! :D
Happy birthday I'll have the butler, Karen send over some peanut m&ms! ;) Hope it was a great day!
Do you come in pieces?
...but it was my friend's wedding and her photog was terrible!!! I felt so bad. What would you have done?
RT : Had a great time at event, Cocktails & Careers. was beautiful & a perfect venue. Lissa = gr8 host!
If you lie perfectly still on a cool patch of ground, you can hear the clouds rub against the sky.
1 week 1 week 1 week! The only thing putting me in a good mood this week! Looking forward to something different for a change. :)
also im meeting up with some bigger artists this week to talk about some plans :) hint hint
Wed. OFF (wanted to go to Animal if I have to go alone..) and tomorrow night but after 7:30 pm. And I'm in Sherman Oaks.
i need a whole summer in Chicago.
Bieber to Mayweather like Macaulay Culkin was to Michael Jackson
Organizations exist only for one purpose: to help people reach greater ends together than they could achieve individually. - Robert Waterman
Yeah, pretty please!! RT : 6man! id love to spend my 5th trb with on board! pretty please?
Good job tonight (Shellbones) ;)
Sometimes I wonder if my dogs only like me because I give them food.
Blasted...feels awesome
plotting and scheming! Any ideas?
Checking the O'Reilly website for ebooks. Their "back to school" special is still running.
White girl wasted is the worst kinda wasted haha.
love wed night pizza with , , and !! Missed you & !!
Check out Greg the hero.
#notesfromthisisland can be the title of the book (a tweet compilation).
m Boobs check ur inbox :)
A bad movie ends and the screen fades to black!
well it
#WeWillAlwaysLuvU whitney houston I will miss u
I know I come to this conversation late but I have two words for you..."Girl Power!"
Nice bike ride to top off the day. It's amazing what some time away from technology can do for a person :)
Know what's harmful to a 7 year old's baseball game? A caterpillar in your pocket.
why did you text me, i was doing fine without you and now you've ruined it.
you're not even trying anymore.
there are 250 verbal reasoning cards and 250 Quant reasoning cards. I see you are an Arsenal fan. Go Gunners!
We are planning to keep a presence in that location for as long as it works.
can anyone help me find Red Sox vs O's tickets for 5/17
RT : I would love to see as a guest performer on the #xfactor.”
with a healthy Cutler, and a happy Forte they already are!
If you eat one less burger a week, it's like taking your car off the road for 320 miles or line-drying your clothes half the time.
come to germany pleease i cant stand that u just over there in america!! :( :D <3
Oh, because I said but, I ment to say
I would really like to see the Pirates select Correa, but he won't be there. So I got my fingers crossed for Gioiti. Don't know rest yet
Lots of gifts for Mom, stop in and see...Mother's Day is this Sunday!
so can you please
BREAKING: 11-year old-girl and a man hospitalized after go-cart track at Magical Midway Thrill Park on I-Drive collapsed.
Sure wish it was more for me to do than sit in the house
Drop your defensiveness and become more curious about what your partner is telling you.
Time for bed its 11:30
Excited for 13, Dog Powered Robot, Suckers, [title of show], Unspoken, Trash Cinema & Pandemonium. The list will grow!
my heart aches literally ..
It's game day!!!!! Give me your predictions. Cards or Cats. Who's going to win.
#Thatonepersoninschool who looks like Tom Hanks
So sorry to hear of Mike Wallace's passing. A true legend and and role model for journalists everywhere.
oh I know I couldn't handle myself at Heathrow this summer
What happened to Roland in the studio.
love seeing that sun shine through my window at work <U+2600>
Won an iPad at #asw12. Sweet
DYK? Sheryl Underwood- comedian is a member of Z PHI B ..
Someone asked me if its possible to write six tweets a week about marketing and PR. I responded by asking why should I?
thanks! Can you do me a favor and please share it with your friends like post it on your Facebook wall??:)
I h8 those people that don't understand that everyone has a different opinion. U dnt kno everything
Hurry Back
A D:< I hate my phone being disconnected !!!!!!
I feel like I am walking through snowy streets right now because Charlotte's airport is so cold.
It's not its length, but its performance that counts
old guardian now pouring.
today testing is ubiqituous; so librarians are providing the programs that have been cut (e.g. music, games, geography etc.)
Congrats on winning! Keep following us for more chances to win during out (20)12 Days of Free Pizza!
You don't realize what great things you are capable of with Christ's help! Think about it.Realize it and then believe and act.God'll do TR
Oh good, I thought we were going to have another Rocky and Bullwinkle-type issue.
Jen made strawberry lemonade! Get it while it lasts.
Looks like the study was done using post-menopausal women, Mahesh, but I'm still claiming it. Thanks for the encouragement.
suns out, guns out?
definitely speak now!
Singer Dionne Bromfield, goddaughter of Amy Winehouse, views tributes outside the late singer's north London home.
Difference between the NBA & NHL playoffs: For NBA, you only need to watch the 4th qtr. And fighting.
To Missoula Wed for Soc. of Enviro Journs meeting, field trip to Glacier Nat Park Thursday to see/hear about melting glaciers. Look forward.
Great shot!
I'm not forgetting you, I'm just letting you go.
right? haha every night the new episode was on, my family would just gather altogether & watch, gasp, scream, & even cry lol
its great
Wow, haven't been on here in forever.
Oddly, I found myself disappointed that no one pranked me for April fools day. It was also more somber as Anne McCaffrey's b-day.
searching for book of job quotations in GB corpus of 19th-century british english...large queries are great for suspense!
Lol well I meant i've been working on it for like a week in this class...it sucks. :/
We now have 4 butterflies in QL from Butterfly Garden kit. They r named: Stardust, Alexander the Great, Tom Hanks and Nels Cline
Wow! win 17 inning game 9-6, sweep the , take 1st place and the winning pitcher is DH Davis! #oriolesmagic feel it happen!
indeed my good sir!!! haha
No. He still gotta serve time for them drug charges! RT : Is boosie out???
Linclon Park After Dark is always a good choice - takes me back to my fancy girl days!
likewise my brotha! Love you G
Thanks for the follow!
Listen UP !!! This account has been hacked so all my followers,follow me on this account alik_rainey Thank you”””””
they the first tweets
Got 's album finally. Happy Easter to me.
finish this sentence :The person I want to be most proud of me is ___________________
Good morning, y'all!
... #whitechocolate. Enough said.
I had a rude awakenin this mornin
jevoris who? and who is we?
yo man whats up wit the shows out there
to clear it up for andy: Jesus-u=Jess
Congratulations on your face. It is flawless. :]
ugh I hate this rain.
I absolutely HATE not being able to chew in the back of my mouth <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
one of our favorite ads ever by Chevy - I highly recommend watching the 5 minute version as well...
It's that week of the semester when my head spins all the way around and an alien made of condensed procrastination bursts out of my chest.
You. Are. The only exception
Yay! #BadgerPride RT : Go Craig! RT : Nashville forward Craig Smith is joining Team USA at the World Championships.
Thanks Carly for making our bad-ass caps possible. We owe you a cold one
when i walked in she said, we got royalty in the house! Lol Mel knows wassup.
Thank you ! --proud owner of a boxer-mix and a mastiff, who have learned to walk like pros thanks to you!
+1 RT : Twitter is like a cocktail party. You start chatting & building relationships - not hard selling.
What happened with the senior prank?! #Someone tell me.
Kentucky Wins by 6 or more I'm poppin bottles !
Come see us at the Home & Garden Show- we'll offer you a fun time for the kids to play on our demos!
#slcwebinar what are the conversations you're having in the room? Those are the kinds of conversations you need to get online.
When your ex starts talking to you again and you don't know if you should feel glad, irritated, annoyed or suspicious :/
MM :) omg bfmabvzjfgqEI2GHQ3TAETBWIGIYWEIFWBMJmcmawiuyowet
From working for years in video stores, I learned that there's simply no accounting for taste in movies, including your own.
oh I am after I get my Qdoba lol
Feel ya! LA, baby! You in NY?
Good night and Sweet Dreams :)
Hey , I produce morning show at CBS in Portland, would love to talk to you guys about Kelly to Bucs this morning
I love my Mac & my iPhone! Thx Steve for making it happen! What gadgets do you like? Your auto, blender, camera, & PSP? Shoot 'em for fun!
I am so funny.
This month is Black History Month.
does that outfit come with a pina colada and a bowl of soup?
Only $1 as an ebook for the summer! check it out at NaLee2010.com
Scott: sounds like you need some extra hands thru the holidays, i will work for free! Maybe food prep? Base near my house
Funny enough, I often find 3D to be too much of a distraction. So we're both screwed.
ha I noticed that, ill give you a dime for every new follower.
Nah i think her name's daphne..
Never give up on someone, you can't go a day without thinking about. :) <3
What is the policy on ad sales for the Daytona 500 with the rain delay? Do advertisers receive a credit?
he was 3/3 at one point last night. Not sure if he got another AB.
If I like your status, please know that I'm mumbling "Screw you for being funnier than me" under my breath.
You're better than I - I didn't bake at all. But at least I *think* the store baked them! :) Happy last day of class!
RT “: Most of us came from somewhere else. RT with where you moved from. #actororigins." Texas via the beautiful Sierra Leone!!
lol, damn, I saw Friday and thought you started, lol! I'm doing the Sapphire on the Jan 4th. If you got time roll through
Felt way sexy today in my sparkly green eyeshadow and matching tank top. Until Guy1 says, "Wait, is it St. Patrick's Day?" Fuck me. Or not.
Tick tock, you're running out of time!
SwingFest's Naughty Lingerie Party starts in the ballroom and ends at one of our themed playrooms or Midnight Pool Party!
I feel like it's like subliminal messaging. I mean, they are british....everything they do is dirty. Haha
hey you here for nye?
thanks but I dont think so
Happy to be here!
I hope my brother didn't give my whole family mono. #don'tfeelgood
Are you fucking kidding me
Unfollow this page asap and follow my new one now I will follow back
that's gonna help me sleep better tonight.
Sorry to hear your experience with the restaurant wasn't up to par. Thanks for the feedback though!
I won't be at GaCOMO this year, but I'm considering putting in a proposal to lead a "presenterless presentation" using a #machinima of me.
thanx for the follow
cuz i think ur a bad friendm end of story.
A to-do list like a hydra
I'm up too. Gotta sleep alil more. I plan to go running this morn b 4 work. I'll jog from 5am till 6am:) TGIF!!
Or the uprising in District 12. (I had to do it.)
All that and I could still be in bed by 11:30.
awh...you are too sweet for words.
nah stats tell the truth about the wild. The injuries just explain how now they can't score at all.
Those couples that you see that make you wanna throw up.
So I've come to terms with having ginger kids
It's awesome :)
134 bus driver singing and calling him self the OBJ. Original. Bus. Jockey. Giving bulls updates from last night n the weather. Love it.
I love my Kindle but it's lacking easy way to quickly write out longer notes while reading. Maybe next Kindle will solve that
You went to Kobe's?
RT : The world is our burrito
it's the weekend and I feel like shit.
good to see you again! At Foursquare party if you have the NRG :-)
Laughing. I don't care. Could come in handy one day, for a friend of course. LOL.
no problem and you're very welcome :-)
Lmfao I hate birthdays
Just my parents <<<
really? Haha cool. Dude I will talk to you later 'cuz I'm really busy, kay? Bye
Haha no smoke ": NO SMOKE BUD"
Please don't take my sunshine away, that's what she said so thats what I'll do, I love you Mom forever and always.
The Mixshows at most radio stations are as programmed as the rest of the day.
heard you were going to surprise with your A-Ma-Zing presence
your beautiful
These some bootleg bama mfers running this clock down in blacksburg.
That workout was needed
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-46
even if i was wrong i was right in some way
so fit
I like your thinking. Did you sneak in the nap?
That skin-tight shirt REALLY compliments your muffin top.
Q2 my last library had a quiet study room to be used by any age group, we were a mediumish-small branch
Busy busy busy! 2012 is happening.
freshman year /:
i had a tummy ache, and we had some at work... no special occasion. though for noodle day I think I'd have something a bit fancier:)
Sure, I'm game.
I'm interested! and not just because of the free lunch.
<U+266A>Only the Young - Journey
Pretty much the same way you'd make a personal account, but we can help u come up w notebook ideas! cc:
That will get her 6,286 new followers...lol..=)
Who caught the kickass Ra Ra Rasputin/ / show at last night? Photos to come!
I try so hard to respect my elders.. I really do, smh.
lol I'm not blonde, but I can act pretty blonde tho ;) #MORONSARELOVABLE :'D
would u work at a place who doesn't pay you enough and make you feel like a slave?
So is catsup.
He doesn't remember me. Doesn't remember any of us. I know he's in pain and I want him to go but at the same time I don't.....
My life. My choices. My mistakes. My lessons. None of your business.
Fucking loved getting it
January 7, 2012. I thought it was winter! How in the world is it 65 degrees outside today??? Only in the ATL! :)
I wish happy ever afters did exist.
Lol the bobcats could beat the 76ers but the Celtics cant
Weather should be perfect tomorrow for parking lot paving in #Milwaukee, driveway removal in #Watertown, adding culverts in #RiverHills ...
I have to get up at 5:30 in the damn morning. :/
Oh okay :D
hi how are you?
Dear #OccupyOakland, a worse problem than #OPD are the unacknowledged police who trick the 99% into fighting the 99%
Does the noise in my head bother you?
We can stop Photo ID in MN, but we need to take action now. Tell Sen Majority Leader Senjem NO to putting Photo ID into MN const'n.
#favmoviequote i can't turn left...
Probably not going to school tomorrow.
so you as a young boy working hard do you have girlfriend?
Fresh or frozen blueberries w/ vanilla yogurt and granola. Great breakfast! #eatplaylove Favorite family breakfast contest!
Check out my numbers
you mean creamer, right? :) the coffee is hazelnut
I am dangerous in a wine bar. However, I do love Twisted Vine in Fullerton.
I GOT TO GET THE FUCK OUTTA HERE!!
completely agree
can't wait till i can stay out as late as i want!
so I can't figure out how to dm on the app so I'll just facebook it to you
how that line looking?
SO wished I was there! Everyone had so much fun!!
Going to Washington DC to get Obama straightened out.
Maybe jeans and a cardigan wasnt the best idea...
If either the NHL and NHLPA or the House and Senate learn how to cooperate with each other, I'll be happier. Hasta manana, y'all!
I can't control the way I move my body !!!
It's a "Wesley" thang!
God bless all the Mothers, Hope everybody had a wonderful day
I love to stay on top of #celebrities ADDING and REPLACING Murad Art Auction Raises over $26,000 for Local and National Charities EL SE
Both and have been in toy commercials. Why? Bahaha
Mo state commits a penalty. Spartans man up takes the field
Country Star Martina McBride will sing National Anthem at !!
yeah man!!!
Thank you!!
Pre-markets holding strong negative. No reversal unless China wants to double down on yesterday's headline before open. Bueller, anyone?
Chandeliers violet from glow of red curtain and walls and pink lights.
Nice walk outside cant wait to see ms. tonight :) <3
Thanks for the follow
<U+266C> Where ever you are, be noble, what ever you do, do well, where ever you speak, speak kindly, bring joy where ever you dwell - Archie-Rose<U+266C>
YOU KICK ASS!!!
my female friend just said that 'Josh.0' is the worst and least funny show on television.
All true wisdom is found on my T-shirts.
Thank you, Gabby, for the follow. Love this quote by Julio Olalla: "Trust is the precondition for coordinated action."
awesome presentation! What's the link to the GitHub repo again?
Confidence is what a man feels just before he learns all the facts. - Courtesy of a show the boyfriend's watching, "Making the Cut" : )
The radical right are like termites eating away at the structure of our democratic society...it's time to get out the pesticide!
i fuckin love that man
Giselle Bonilla is off to Hawaii for 10 days - Guest Starring role on ABC Series " Off The Map " ..... CONGRATS ON THE BOOKING!!! :)
OMG WHERE DID U MEET ONE DIRECTION
Oh I'm so glad you saw me! Have you tried my augmented reality app or desktop version? Any feedback?
trust me... She always says stuff like that!! When it's just my family & people aren't around
LONG! I drove a moving truck for 14 hours across the country - never again.
Twitter is going to cut its Tweet-length to 133 characters and save more than $5 million/year.
tried my very first (non-mixed/fruity) martini last weekend and I believe I'm hooked.
I always figure out how to make money....
by me.....don't act like you have no idea what this is !!!!
<U+2665><U+2665>Just sittin at home with mom... BORED AS EVER!<U+2665><U+2665>
its a long story but i have a really big project due today thats 1/2 of my english grade and i didnt even start it.
- tell them to fix it. Problem solved!
yeah! You got it
good morning!!!! Me & you gonna fight lol
only surprising aspect of Obama's announcement is our gullibility that his support will come to mean anything to the gay community
and good luck!
you tweet the most cryptic tweets.
Boomer Sooner! OU vs A&M 6pm central on Fox Sports Network!
im pretty sure my arms hurt from shooting basketball lololol.
well that was a fail.
First step in the acquisition of wisdom is silence, the second listening, the third memory, the fourth practice, the fifth teaching others.
when did he wake up ? Thank god!
Literally just listened to that song.
#TeamDixon for life!
WoooHoooo Thunder!!! First Round in the books!
I am obsessed with the Anderson bed, for starters. I would never get out of bed! The gazelle side table is fabulous, too.
hope he doesn't have his knees too
Thanks for all the recent RTs, , , and !
Just an eShop download. Sits in system memory. Pretty un-noticeable.
Thank you for Re-tweeting my quote!!!
Looks like you've got all the necessary equipment. :)
Did u know their is a unforgiving sin?
Eating some noddle but it not good as the real food...
Girls I suggest you follow . So legit. Boys, I suggest you stay away hahaha.
Use your mobile device to reach my mobile device via text of the message
no! Turn that frown upside down! :)
I'm super fucking privileged. Seriously. But the "Girls" belong to a middle class that doesn't exist, at least as far as I know.
You only ask me to update your products when I open them and then you tell me they have to be closed .. how is that supposed to work?
So many cute puppies!!
We got gold! :)
NY Jets send 4th round pick to Broncos for
RT I need to find me a wife so she can tell me not to eat such crap food, exercise more.. and #fart less HAHA
#Justintee1 is gorg c: I cant wait for
Hope my article for Fort Mill Magazine turned out alright for the Summer issue! Stay tunned.
I Hate It When I Don't Understand Lyrics To A Song So I Just Mumble That Part -.-
#Iran warns #ArabLeague nations against supporting the Revolution in #Syria against the #Assad regime.
Wow. That's the real deal. Yikes indeed. Tebowmania is out of control, even I admit. ... but I can't get enough!
Done! Pre-ordered from California. Good luck!
Thats really cool! Thanks for your support for Austin! I know it means the World to him! :)
oh, bed. you are comfy.
I am starting to be concerned that my husband finds the shows on the Disney Channel really really funny
point and case they were also football players
Just finished Book 1 and cannot WAIT to start the 2nd :) And Season 2 HBO starts in April!
Can't wait to see the Barkley-to-Miami billboards.
haha its not all mine...and just about to be gone :( x
you and everyone else
Whatcha working on???
The Leedom 2012 Buy Here Pay Here World Convention is just 2 weeks away. Will you be attending?? We'll be there!
Tonight is the last night to see me in the #sketchcomedy play #OneNightStands Starts
Do you wanna look 10 years older than u are? do u want your face to be all wrinkley? well if u dont stop smoking fool. -___-
Your very welcome !!
The only logical conclusion is that the entire archival enterprise is a failure.
Getting my hair did @ The San Francisco Institute of Esthetics and Cosmetology...only 25$ ya'll!
:D i love you too babygirl :-*
I didn't feel safe taking you to that one
Just woke up with a bunch of notifications from my baby. Crazy how just seeing his name makes me smile! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
not much, going home from a callback. Going through Malibu... Such a nice day! :)
Who wants to talk on the phone ?
banana bread is in th oven hopin it does not run over it will B close lol
Indeed is the master of the one question "exclusive" interview!
Mike, what's up? Looks like the #FireLeyland crowd/group is growing day after day in my opinion. Fans need to chill out!!!
Just finished this long ass testt...
tweet, tweet. tweet, tweet. I am bad at twitter.
Imagine if the 2 Univ. of Wisconsin students decided against having the baby,we would of never known Steve Jobs(adopted).Rest in peace.
awesome. I was afraid you were going to say that. or rather. wish I was there.
I figured. Been there done that.
hey another CG #ME3 trailer lol i wish the game looked like that
Just ordered my first 2 shirts from ! Can't wait for them to arrive :)
Bigger deal for their team? Derrick Rose or Mariano Rivera?
Not sure what this is referring to, but I concur nonetheless. RT : Nashville, Nashville, Nashville!
So... A guy named World Peace just got suspended for a flagrant elbow to a guy named Harden?
you are AMAZIN!!! i vote for you every weekend! Your ganna go far in life!!
Feels so good to be home! Nap time, Orlando for hhn this weekend was awesome! #worn out
I already know of a few people who got tickets today but who all got tickets to see the boys in KC? -Caitlin xx
Please say happy birthday to Lewie Merz in Detroit!! Big Cub fan. Former pear farmer from Oregon! 63 years old!
Where is the Maple Cafe? didn't come up in a google.
I just want to say, "look, go away entirely, will you?" I've hit the point where I just can't be bothered with people's dodgy inconsistency.
FLY BACK! By the way, how's Faylin?
Gifted with a modernist sculpture, my grandson is pleased but puzzled. "How does it work?" he asks.
#RyanKennedy Trend it!!!!
Fantastic talk today about healthcare and twitter
Been up all night #vampire life....... Just blew da breakfast blunt....
All cards ready for immediate shipment.
“: are #rustbeltbosses shaping the way you live and you don't even know it” <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I like being alone because there's nobody to compete with and nobody to impress. Just me.
It was indeed quite the evening, thanks to all involved...now, lots to chew on over the summer!
one or two used a grant. One HS used Title funds.
I know you wanna change the world, but for the night please, just reach over and hit the lights please.
Who all going to #coachella? #L.A.Flow!
#Np Cashin Out!! That's that song though!!! :D
I love this city and it's people but why can't it be #occupypleasanton ? These helicopters are insane.
god gave me you for the ups and downs
Hmm... A degree in software engineering could certainly produce programmers. Question is would it produce good thinkers?
RT : A2.2 Why : Lists today are dumb HTML. make those lists fun, social, collaborative, crowdsourced
That was my idea! Ugh!
The 10th Deal of Christmas. 50% OFF SHIPPING. FREE upgrades by NOON EST! Use promo code 50SHIP10.
thanks a lot for tht last call cuhz now i cnt go bkc to sleep -_- damn
Thanks, ! Nice to meet you, !
#ialwayswonderif we will ever be...
i changed my name and really a cyber beating BET U WONT :)
inconsistent Price once again..
Humor can be effective for training, but difficult to write. Get someone who is used to comedy. Check out Comedy Sportz for help.
Great hoops discussion tonight at the dinner table, all in agreement that DDM is much better when ball screen is involved
We got that PMA.
watching #Miss Universe :DD
Y-axis. Stupid autocorrect!
WAIT. It's back to back amazing race episodes tonight??? Too bad the killing.
I wish I didn't kare but I do, why bc I kome in the name of the most high!
was playing basketball
thnx for follow LL! Last time I was your 1000th One.
Had an awesome writing session today. 6 new DJG songs and hopefully my first RAMMALAMMAJAMMA.
I'm gonna go drink a whole bottle of drugs now that my cat has come home
Training today at Delgado Community College in Louisiana - we are launching services for tax season at LA's largest community college!
awe 4real what u want us 2 bring
I miss the Metselaar's! I'm new to this whole Twitter thing and don't think I'm doing anything right.
Carroll: "From the point of view of data and results I think this is a better place to go."
A big thank u to all the new followers #topFamEnt When ur ready to build ur brand/network/etc ~We got u!~ 410.513.9199
Taylor Gang or get your head stuck in an elephants anus.
But, on Monday, I am totally getting tickets for their show at Not going to miss that one.
It will be over b4 u know it!
# Man or Muppet Should have been sung!!!
Cmte. to elect a Republican Senate turns in recall challenges. Say's all four senators are safe from recall. Details on 27News at 5
J.cole 50 cent that whole g uint thing
I'll eat them too! Wait, what?
I got 58 likes in my remember when status in 11 minutes ..
tuning in to the #cuse game. lets go orange!
haha one of my favorite design projects from college was to make a terrible website.
Kobe Nowitzki? Oh great, we've combined my 2 LEAST favorite players. Fantastic -.-
vaguely ominous business buzzword of the day?
I've been reading your short tutorial pieces - they're terrific, esp. the ones on composition techniques. Thank you for sharing!!
What was your favorite NCAA moment last year?
Any particular reason why they are chanting "Dolphins suck?" I mean, they do. But is there a reason why? lol.
GOV may "promote the general welfare", but has no direct role in saving anyone. GOVT must provide defense against evil acts
miserable! When I tell you, you will legit piss your pants!
lol whatever! come back to sf - we can do a cheese and wine diet until December rolls around
I think there may be a bird or squirrel making itself at home in the chimney. Lots of stuff appeared in the fireplace today. Suggestions?
Very cool, you'll be totally addicted soon like I am, I'm barely ever without it!
I'm excited! I will be in Oklahoma in less than 2 days!
Hey John sorry I missed you; hope you had a blast at T's Pub; we'll catch up with you soon at T's.
lol no doubt. Selling it for a bike I think
Still there, indeed. No comment on the dumps.
I concur! Lets get it going now!
Taking a nice history test! I'd give everything to get rid of this!
Welcome to Cleveland for the 2012
according to the DM you sent, someone is spreading nasty rumors about me and I need to click the link to find out who.
That's watts up! Glad you got a chance to meet him. <U+E056>
Great day to be alive
I feel like all I'm gonna talk about now is this concert that changed my life.
OFF OF WORK ..
The #Bruins are 7-9-2 in afternoon games this season. Trail 3-2 to
“: Farewell DC. Headed home to carry on fight for victims of trafficking. You haven't heard the last of me. Jenny, rock on!
no u r
going to have a #wildrumpus at storytime today
Glad you made it. Contributed a lot.
my guess was Albany,NY
Thanks. It is intense but easier in a group setting. We had 9 runners tonight.
Fight me den
any run is good, but a morning run is even better!
Coughing in the Coffin
How bout some love for a fellow AU Alum.
On my way home. It's been a amazing adventure. Trinidad, Barbados & Jamaica. Jah Love! Give thanks & praise;-
You're welcome!
lol, thats ok w/all of us from here!
follow me back please(: 3
I don't much like superficial interactions either. I think I'm getting better at avoiding 'em but maybe I'm flattering myself :)
You build threw the draft and.make moves during free agency that places pieces on your team
cheer up, buttercup! You have my number if you need anything. :)
I thought you'd never ask.
attending Tony Robbins Unleash Power Within Event next week.. can't wait
Babies galore:)
The steak at Moe's Southwest is, shall we say, chewy. Jaws are getting a real good workout today.
#ronpaul cut spending, no wasteful unnecessary wars, true change
good workout late lunch tho chilled beets, chickpeas, arugula, red onion, rice wine vinegar, braggs, olive oil, s/p, nooch, ground fennel
Because mortal men fall in love again as fast as they change their face.
We have about four hours left guys!! :D:D
Research 2.0 ramping up nicely. National Instrument putting on an aquipment filled demonstration.
I'm gonna do whatever I decide I want to do. Point. Blank. Period.
note to self - AM meetings require caffeine
Join us on Facebook Butterfly Society of Virginia
Feel so fukin tired for sum other reason n shit man i wonder how voss is doin.
okay so I hate how the MTT this video is only tour footage like wtf
Not Woody Allen movies.
Oahkkaiiii text me when uu get back love yu julie :D
Thanks for reposting my work!
FABULOUS IM CRYING AGAIN
. and I are passing through Chattanooga. There is a disappointing dearth of choo choo.
sounds fun
ha! No all good :)
Hockey, hockey, hockey coming soon. Can't wait. Go Redwings!!
Ok someone has to explain the whole "Shamma Hamdan" thing to me. Who's she & what'd she do?
it's funny because I'm the same age & love voting. I know vote doesn't make big difference but votes not cast make no difference.
I'm gonna pretend that I didn't see that tonight would have been game 6. No I'm not still sad about it. What are you talking about? :(
Nice catching up with you at #railsconf! Keep in touch!
He is nice! Thanks, he learned that from me!
Being w/ family makes you realize alot. But now that I'm hangin w/ them its always that 1 empty space in all of us wishing Terrance here. <3
stop with the adorable sleepy eyes in class --driving , , and into fits of laughter.
G'morning!
is such a nice person!! My thoughts about celebs and their attitudes has totally changed!! <33
So excited for Friday and the weekend.
Jaming to what makes you beautiful in the car
I wish I could redo my high school years over again.... Restart all the eff ups I had made... Guess that's Just a part of life tho.
2 for 1 FINK BOMB SHOTS today & tomorrow.
My favorite Lifetime movie is the one where the husband abuses his wife and she finally gets revenge and/or justice.
I'm at work early so I can go to the hospital later. Dianna had restful night; might be all the painkillers they have her on.....She's OK.
If we don’t change, we don’t grow. If we don’t grow, we are not really living.Growth demands a temporary surrender of security. -Gai…
A tweet up!
At the crack of dawn and what am I doing: WRITING! I had an epiphany so I figured I better get to work!
human beings are fantasy-driven creatures.
is a little bummed i missed watching Josh Beckett dominate the Yankees last night
I wanna just go home now... I am so cold :(
Chicken,Macaroni & cheese :)
Way to go Nationwiders! RT : raised over $1,400 in our silent auction for !!
I get pretty ecstatic and glorious when I think about the United States & its Christitution. Sometimes I weep. It's beautiful.
as matter of fact I was just on the horn about that, grrr RT you should tweet that you're closed at the Pearl due to a gas problem :(
#Str8LykeDes... Making money when my eyes close....
Whats tha word? I replied the other day. Dang. Shoot. Lol :-)
If you have learned one thing from me; it is to find you, and do you. Because it's not what you do, it's how you do.
Hope you get to feeling better quick! Being sick with an upcoming trip is no fun!
darn, I had sensed a collaboration.
Double header and we win both! Championships continue next week...
Love those shoes! I always get compliments.
The discussion was Freshman not knowing, alarmed me! RT : Depends on how old/young.
#YouCantSayYouGrownIf If u r Always asking your parents 4 money all the time
My neighborhood is very rainbow-y today.
would a one last kiss help? *kisses ur lips*
A predictable #CTA schedule is just too much to ask for...smh
#LateNightConfessions I secretly admire the weather girls on a couple of LA Channels
OH: "M as in Money." What, Mary is no good anymore?
FYI I'm watching you on The Voice & you sound like "Bittersweet Crap."
One bad thing about taking Friday off - playing catch-up on Monday...
oh wait you already did!!:)
What a fantastic opportunity! Professionalization and networking events are so important.
work is aright. Trying to find a second job right now.
Less than 2 weeks away from The #87th ! Have a great #Sunday!
Pretty Much, the only sorta creepy moment in Dream Master is the Roach Motel scene!
This summer is going to suck
lol man, why?!! we only had odds one day ):
About to convince a Brooklyn broker that 'self-employed writer' is actually the best financial bet they could make.
Protools just froze on me...
Hey, Walker, that'd be great! I'd really like to see you. Give me an email when it's closer to the time you'll be here.
Lemme check that again when I get home.
Come Down to #PDX #City #Hall #Events Declares the Proclamation of the Pacific NW Black Pioneers Exhibit with
thanks for the shout out :))
You're just spot on with everything tonight.
Happy Mother's Day!!
It's tough to say what doesn't matter, though. I like health services, LGBTQ groups, swimming pools, etc.
Not really
Incredibly, I think I may end up watching the entire first season of x-files tonight.
I would like to come on your show and talk about what works when it comes to getting and keeping a job.. thanks.
I love diffusing cinnamon essential oils during the holiday season <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665>
One more day!
Can't change me.
I swear im lactose intolerant ...
love caribou blend
Atlanta weather is crazy how it go from sunny to bout to storm
I'm not saying other countries are better - humans are seemingly cruel
where in Florida and how long?!?
Before you ask we already taped On Ellen tomorrow ;)
i'm a fucking unicorn , & fuck anyone who says i'm not.
Two PINK DRINKS into the evening and I'm slurring my speech, slapping dudes etc.
Responded to FIRE @ 218-06 103rd Ave., Queens, NY 11429 and helped 4 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
is the full study available anywhere? I'd be interested to read it
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
When everything seems to be going against you, remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it -Henry Ford
RT : Former #Maryland QB Danny O'Brien is transferring to #Wisconsin #Badgers . Good News!
Oh Mr. Player do you feel like a man now?
Awh haha how cute! We got kicked out of every club we went to lmao that's probably why I didn't see you
I like to take this TIME to acknowledge and send a special prayer out to TRAVON MARTIN'S MOTHER on this DAY. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
Snakes hate cell phones.
Happy today to eat Buffet with Great Friends-Restaurant was so busy-more trays were empty than full yet I managed to stuff on my Favorites!
mobile has evolved - it's now it's own market.
Happy B-Day girl...hope you have a great one!RT : Today is my BIRTHDAY! And, I hope KETK Neal Barton got me a big ol' cake! ;)
David Bell, sales development & training manager, Houston, TX, performance consulting & training
RT "Surround yourself only with people who are going to lift you higher." ~
I think, therefore I'm dangerous.
You and me, we are on the same page with this one. Bones are for the birds. Wait. No. SHIT
Wax Tailor is bomb.
Find best of the best, provide intensive training esp social voice, then empower, coach & recognize!
my mom is so exited about your CD coming out tonight. Shes going to walmart at midnight to get her own copy.(:
#FF "Student debt foregiveness would be a phenomenal stimulus"
where did he grow up. Name sound familar
thank you !(: goodnight sleep well& sweet dreams(:
Yes, I am Frank!
thx for welcome. Glad to be back for a short while.
JT asked where he can get some magic beans. He wants to meet a giant. He also told me that HE owns our house. Should I be concerned?
I have to get the new Kip Moore CD. That's on tomorrow's agenda.
Know your telecomm trivia for tonight's Tavern Trivia!! 7:30 at Uptown, Lowry, Tech, Wash Park and Littleton.
Who wants to be on set for 12 hrs with someone they don't like?
RT Really good? : Project X was funny af..
Don't you all L O V E that feeling on Christmas Eve!? Where you can't sleep and you can't wait for your friends + family 2 open ur presents!
Sleepy today. Coffee is in my very near future. <U+2615><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
If shes more then what I expected I might hav to change up wat I sayd
What type of "seasoned personality" do you have? Try me. All I need is your birthdate and the dob of your parents. I'll give it a shot. :-)
you'll make friends- bring it on!
#bestof2012 concerts included ...
Me too. It's hard…I'm constantly pacing
Kennesaw State University expects to top the $75 million goal of the its first capital campaign a full year ahead of schedule.
Thanks for your involvement, advocacy, and support!
is that for info on the fire??
hm....no more calamari for me.
Sick at home. I hate being sick.
you kno i did doc
Call backs :) im excited to learn the dance. Good thing I packed sweats and jazz shoes ;)
Breakfast at the Wheel with the wife. Only a month til the baby pops out. Hasn't hit me yet but I imagine it will soon.
you love anything that's dead...? Uhm lmfao
gotta love clear skies @ a forecast of 70 degrees for mid-November. :) Imnotmissingwinter
We've got something a little fun for you all coming in the near future =)
Oh and band practice tonight with was radtastic! Jonothan and I kill it as a rhythm section.
never let u go
Intelligence is within so show it off!
looks like 76ers will probably take game 2.
Hey buddy no worries on that brochure, we got it figured out! See ya tomorrow
awesome. I always need help. This press conference etc will be set up like the UFC etc
Happy birthday to my favorite pike !! It's ya birthday, see is will let ya lick the icing off.
Yep. The early 90s html distracts from the fact there's good research material there.
Try having it as a last name! Only good thing I got from my ex husband other than my daughter was a better last name! :-)
We have shorted 2 stocks with bad earnings, AMZN & JNPR, and we have went long stocks with good earnings, FFIV and VMW. It will profit!
Discussing the Delmon Young situation and the fallout to come for the Tigers. 248-848-1130.
I'll be seeing you, in all the old familiar places. The Notebook > cleaning
Yikes! It's roasting out here today. That's my cue to retire the liquid foundation and break out the mineral powder for the summer.
can't wait for #SNL to come on T-minus 40 minutes Denver time
Not hardly rr ": That'll teach you not to jump in our convo!"
is putting out a mixtape.
you're so purdy...
wassup Man who you ?
Often I prefer to watch the comcast on demand window that previews shows and movies versus any actual shows or movies
Thanks! glad you liked it! hope to meet you some day and have one with you.
Happy Memorial day to everyone!!!
lmfao, because he's a nice guy! are you home already?
If by "three-day weekend," you mean we're going to Groundhog Day it and repeat today over again...
If you're given an opportunity of a lifetime and you disrespect it go fuck you and your fake self.
Thanks for the follow !
Thanks to for the follow! Text message appointment reminders is a great way to keep in touch with patiens and confirm appts.
We open at 5 with EVERYTHING 2-4-1 until 9. MKE's Best Happy Hour? Doesn't get much better anywhere! At 9, Shawn Page brings the noise!
word: lucky #Obama, fake #Romney, crazy #Newt, lost #Perry, 16th-Century #Santorum, who #Huntsman, clueless #Bachmann, unpasteurized
hey guys! our website for tix is down! working on it now!
what did Cole say about JR ? I missed it !
Thanks Lena! I believe in the magical power of the WIP too, as long as it isn't an evil sprite in disguise! :)
me too?? hahaha ;)
That was the stupidest dress that I ever saw Ivanka wear she looked awful
Home from shopping :) got a new mic so I can Skype again :D
lol there was no space in the cabinet had to put it somewhere
Imagine the outrage if women tried to tell men what to do with their bodies.
Call me old-fashioned, but stones look great in any living room - and should always be arranged in circles whenever possible for M'tudukk.
CJ can't go for steal on that play, he was the last line of defense, Watson playing bad in every way
Liberty is the breath of life to nations. ~ George Bernard Shaw
Happy New Year!
: Whadaya think of this? Homeless Hotspots, SXSW: Controversial Company Selling 4G Access in Austin
Here's a trivia question... How many professional sports teams share the same name???
JUST FEEL LIKE SPREADING MY LOVE ALL AROUND... ;-0
...your missing the whole point of life. Praise God!' -Dennis Moreland
Thanks all Party Bus Riders for a successful weekend! We have limited availability next weekend so don't wait to book your event! 447-2446
is back to doing actual work
Girl, stop lookin at me like that RIGHT NOW. plus U ain't cute.
Aloha Friday. I totally earned you this week.
Watching One Direction on iCarly <3
Follow us in October and you could win a free tank of gas! Random drawing on 11/1 for a $50 gas card.
Fred Thompson and Fonzie are on reverse mortgage commercials just before dawn, when compromised credibility gets cablecast.
That was a pretty nice game.
Read Extremely Loud, Incredibly Close....one of the best books I've read
Chicago,IL- need females for photoshoot. No nudity. Pay is 200 dollars. (Casting Code B3)
I'm still hot.
Today marks the 42nd anniversary of Earth Day! What's everyone doing to appreciate ABQ's amazing natural beauty?
Awesome! Thanks for stopping in this morning!
No person, male or female, can deny that they have never masturbated before in their life. You know you lying when you say that.
And to Spring Lee for gathering the group! Go AEBP 2009!
has swonderful manners.
The 3.21 team ERA doesn't mean shit if the Bucs can't score 3 runs in a game.
I'm a youth pastor.
My king tut baseballs are going to Cairo with the Tut exhibit!! (That is if we can get them thru Egyptian customs)
If you're successful, you win false friends and true enemies. SUCCEED ANYWAY.
guess what guys? The lights won't be on till 3am..... awesome.Thank you Terre Haute.
": its 5am McFaddens nights I'm going to miss the most " We wont miss you
please come to CHICAGO!! i would do w.e to go see your video even if i have to skip school<U+2665> #lilcrazyforlilcrazed(:
I've been reading about it. Amazing!
RT: "I'll Have Another" wins and every frat guy gets richer.
S/O to , You're my sparring partner!!(: You're hilarious and you're really mean to me(: And you need to text me soon!(:
I got ya sis b safe out here .
We love random acts of kindness! Thank you for playing but you must be a MI resident to win the
hey nobody is perfect right? A timer is a good thing. Everyone needs a chance to regroup.
what u need bro
Lobster & Pearl Diver are 2 of our teachers' favorite apps too- they've evaluated all math & reading apps for elem
my dream place <3
Excellent - Glad it went well! Trade shows can be a lot of fun when it's about the folks you meet!
When I was 4yrs old, my favorite game to play in the bath was Ed Grimley.
I bet you're right :P
I'd love to write a piece in an hour for instruments that I don't know in advance - bring it on!
Sadly my current U.S. based organization tries very hard to force the U.S. culture on other geographic locations.
On my way back to dickson! Thank god BC I hate hickman it makes me sick to my stomach
yeah lol I waved at u I flipped her off cuz she cut me off
MAHOMIE RIGHT HERE! If ur a mahomie then go follow :D
"Life's too short, you love who you love" - my grandmother
Cool let me know where you'll be at....
The #DFL sucks. #Minnesota needs the #Vikings. Remember how long it took Pro #hockey to return? It cost a new #stadium anyway!
I hate when an ice cream craving is ruined upon the freezer door opening ...
I can appreciate that POV, but I don't share it. I do think they're kids. That's what I love about them.
Believe in your flyness...conquer your shyness.
lost 1.8 pounds since his last weigh-in! He's lost 10 pounds so far.
Hey make it up to us by returning 200% and meet us in New Orleans, Packer Nation is a family, we love you all. Cept Jermichael.
Not pleased with how 2011 went, so I'm throwing away that calendar and getting a new one with better goals printed on it.
PUSH.TO.START.
For now on If u like manga continue following this acount But if u like everything else is say (tv, books, movies, etc) follow
Dese NFL network people is on tom bradys dick thy ben talkn bout him n da patriots since idk how long
Don't see how people are still celebrating the game outside by porch drinking/screaming/starting chants #doyougotoschool?
Too young for marriage, but too old for games.
Ugh...studio moves suck.
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining.
what time does second start?
why would I be mad at you??...I was on break from work it just happened
You've got that right!
Any #Excel experts out there?
PS: President Obama, Ron Paul and even myself have a few things in common. It happens. It should.
try quikfire grille at the mall
Pizza and coffee is a dish best served cold.
he just doesn't get the hint, smh.
Who else is in Love with Rob Dyrdek? I know I am(:
"So this is what it feels like?" "What? To know there's no hope?" "No, to be the only one in the world that knows there still is."
did lee die?
I hope Austin never changes. Because boy you're amazing, just the way you are.
Ok so her daddy just gave her the she's a nice person speech & told her that she will be seein me a lot. She just gave him the WHATEVER LOOK
I hate Bob Dylan. He can't sing and his songs are terrible.
don't understand why people constantly forward me emails to which *they* have subscribed. If I wanted them in my inbox, *I'd* subscribe.
The Greek government is trying got help the EU save German and French banks that loaned them money. This is contrary to Greek interests.
I am home from work and didn't want to call in case Eli is sleeping...call me when you're ready for me to get him! =)
i will never question your commitment to sparkle motion.
Congrats - if only I could deliver in person! Any ideas on a charity or student group that you'll help with your $100 winnings?
Hi! Not much of a golfer. I hit every once in a while, but definitely need some more practice. How often do you play?
shimmy shimmy yah shimmy yam shimmy yay
Thank you to Ray Kurzweil for inspiring and scaring me at the same time.
So ready for this IB exam tomorrow.. can't wait to sleep in!
Day one complete.
uh... yeah. and nope... Im not in the mood to do 2 hours of math :(
just like Brennan
we'll see!
Thank you for the #FF Mary.
Mr. President - Why can't we simply cut some of the foreign aid we sedn to other countries to help with our deficit?
What area r u usually in? RT : - Sad, we're only in this area for the day. We'll be on the lookout around town.
Whoa! Full on Double Paycheck in my mailbox! it's soo beautiful. OMG OMG OMG What does it mean?? So beautiful <sniffle>
gotta love frames of reference. Dr eeves actually sounds like a great name for a bond villain.
Happy Fat Tuesday, Mardi Gras, Paczki Day, or whatever you call it
At the end of the day my boy's happiness is all I'm worried about
Trust and belief are two prime considerations. You must not allow yourself to be opinionated. - James Dean
I'm going to go out over lunch & try to find him. Can you take all the benches in Brewer's Hill? I'll start in the Harbor.
Alright so apparently tonight is let's make Serena feel bad night. Would anyone else like to add to it?
Me too! :-) Thanks for sharing!
No word yet on itinerary for keynote speaker during his #RIT #commencement visit May 25.
this is why we are soulmates... I do the same thing
The closer I get to any kind of holiday, the harder it is for me to concentrate b/c I'm thinking of all the cooking and entertaining
It sounds fun but I have no Man right so I'm back to the old fashion way lol
A virgin to that money, a virgin to the fame. So this my only chance, so when I'm over only pray
Only one I like right now is Charlie.
Aw so cute, yes it's hard to find good - trustful friends.
it does......its getting better.....but still ..... the head is throbbing
Hey everyone my account has been hack some Jack rabbit had nothing else to. Plz do not open anything from me in the next few days. Sorry.
I've been great!! and my day is going fantastic!! :) How are you!>??
hehe love it!
#vsa2011 benefits of video ethnography records to share with colleagues,build capacity for ongoing critical appraisal,potential to transform
I used to leave out here, about 10yrs ago. I will spend pretty much the whole time in a classroom :-)
y do they say practice makes perfect but still no one is perfect?
"She was stabbed with the washington monument?"
1.do you like blondes 2. Favorite store 3.most embarrassing moment 5.whens our wedding(; <3 6. Would you cover Mac miller?
that's funny! Haha(:
Thank you for the new EP My soundtrack for the day.
Why are 's analytics now always 3 days behind? Makes it impossible to accurately monitor and act on an individual video's views.
"you dont know what's in store but you know what youre here for"
Tyrese <U+E326> Nothing on you
“: I need to put a record out in the 1st quarter of 2012.” Word.
Well, hopefully we'll see you in soon.
2 school then work
Quote of the day: "shee-aht! Girl! I ain't gonna marry that man! He can keep that motherfuckin rang!"
we need a lot more intermarriage and a lot more mixing before this will be a color blind society but we will get there one day
If it was an overnight success, it was one long, hard, sleepless night. - Dicky Barrett
I speak only from my heart, no time for frontin !!!
I.e., civic investment in a comm. sports enterprise is itself a nec. condition of continued enlightened boosterism; not of sporadic, though.
Today's writing goal: Edit Part 1 of Cold Rock, 8,000 words. Brewing coffee now. :)
*HIGH FIVES*
I know "sorry to hear that. Follow/DM so we can investigate."
Q5: Make sure getting a Master's degree is what you want. Ask yourself how it can benefit you and your future career.
I have a fireplace in my room. Ladies?
Welcome Mesa and Fort Wayne
I count any day I don't make an ass of myself as a win.
What up twitter niggas?
Thank you Derek. Hope to see you at Convio12.
Thank you! Little Buddy is missing Your Buddy/Big Buddy on Little Buddy's birthday though!
I tried to with dd-wrt... and also failed. Would be curious if you find anything.
aww, shucks! Glad you found it useful. My panelists rocked it
We have seven people squished into the studio tonight. We're all sitting on top of each other, more or less.
u got him spoiiled & zay gon luv em dm me ur number so I can call when in coming to get em! U think I'm playin
Childish Gambino is the
It's a math-based cartoon. Not too horrifying at all. Just toddlerific. :D
Headed to the Edge public access tech benchmarks session #PLA12 @ 10:15. Check them out and tell the crew what you think in room 116.
I let mine lease w an option to buy.
Still plenty of time to get to the Wynn Poker Room to join our noon tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). Sign up until 1:40 pm.
HRTrainingPortal.com = Training at $51 or more per person - $10 per month, 3 month min. Title, URL/Email links, 80 words, searchable.
shes followed and i did have a good christmas and wbu?
holy shit. best. ever.
Following food trucks on twitter is a bad idea when you don't work near them.
Do you have a franchise story to share?
Come on Tebow!!!
he a fool Loooovvveee it.... THE REAL HUSBANDS OF HOLLYWOOD
Still in bed sick :-(
Does it have to be someone other than yourself? Running a test and not seeing index after 30 min.
I did but he got some bangers on this shit he has a song with like every rapper shit goes in
Told my dad. He just said okay. Hope he gives me the money. Imma ask tomorrow & on the 29th....
Arrrgh!!!! Come on Tar Heels.... You are tripping!!! Shyt!!!!
Took second in the criterium today! And I got the Prime, I think that's how you spell it...
I walked today
you in the mirror or something
Literally the best song hahahah.
lol i can totally picture him in granny pants..LOL
My cats are fucking retarded
He's basically holding the whole Bellagio high limit section hostage. It's pretty funny.
Are you talking to me? They call me Mr. Pig !
Did you know? There are 1,148,100 firefighters protecting people and property in the U.S. Nearly 700 of those are Las Vegas' own!
So long, Peyton. We hardly knew ye.
The view of Juarez is great from here, wish you could see it. In other news, Miss Wolff & I have much to discuss with you.
it's because I wasn't there right.....
"where do we go now" opens in LA today. Directed by the beautiful & talented Lebanese actress/director
hahahah no he just walked past us and he kept looking at me like omg...
just ate like a fat cow :)
Starting the Sea Caves tour at La Jolla Kayak!
>>>>> WE AINT MAKE IT THIS FAR FOR NOTHING ... TIME TO PUT ON.
you can do it RYAN!!!!
Keep staring. It was well deserved.
yeah. I just wish their master plan would keep its paws off other people's content.
Take Howard Stern and mix him with the guys from Jackass and Workaholics and you get these guys - Abe Lincoln check it out
Honestly my favorite part about everything so far was our sand castle competition Lolz we totes won <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><U+270C>
Avoid hangovers: stay drunk.
of course!that's the best gift!
laundry, only palatable with lots of coffee, from the coffee shop ... none of this make my own ...
#DontSay 'Money Over Bitches' When You Don't Get Girls & You're Always Broke. Stupid Ass.
Here's a good question no one is asking: who the hell is Bob Hohler? The new Mike Barnicle?
Everyday is a money day
is content restricted to EU-only IP addresses? I'm in the US and would love to view content here. Cheers!
I will be on Good Morning America - Health on Monday, 2pm & 5:30 pm see link below:
yeah... I agree. But people are always talking about hows he's the nicest guy in baseball
": To those who say the One Direction fanbase is mostly made up of 8-10 year olds... Have you even SEEN the perverted jokes?"
When my boyfriends sick i feel like dkdinedidnusndow$%4/jdkheusj ): my poor grumpy boy
cybernetic monster from an imaginary world
I don't think it is possible for me to have found more places to hide money in my clothes last night.
Fake people will wish you the best as long as that benefits them ...
Fill in the blank: The Detroit Tigers are playing like _____________________.
“: Saying "Beer can" with a British accent sounds like "Bacon" with a Jamaican accent.” that really teue
#DoctorsBetterThanConradMurray. Dr jack Shepherd <thats what i'm talking about
Our new LA News Group Prez Jack Klunder on transition to #DigitalFirst: It's going to get harder (& be exciting)
LMNL allows arbitrary structured annotations over ranges of text. Marked up in the same kinds of structures as the text.
I would go for that! I wish I could go back in time! :)
RT : Today is one of those wonderful kind of bright, gray, damp, cool, fragrant days I'll always remember Houston by.
Thank you for your courage to speak up.
Why are all girls crazy, taken, not interested, or ugly?
Wishing all of you a blessed Ash Wednesday. Today God Has A Plan For Me! Is featuring the Legendary Lena Horne, Dancer, Singer and...
Keep Voting! RT Get ready for a special announcement from on our morning LC News this Thursday and Friday.
Please follow :-)
Transportation and industrial equipment make up the majority of U.S. exports.
Hey chica, I am good just enjoying this spring time weather! Enjoy the rest of the day;-)
sounds like a neat class :)
..Cleaning the Studio.... WOW! and I thought my Underwear was dirty.... Whew!
Thank you. Hope you're well and I like your bio message.
Me and Dante on the After After Party show at the Wool Warehouse! Sick shit
To be clear. My retweets are endorsements, but I won't say what for.
Seriously One Syllable Word is so catchy! Can't stop listening! :)
Job board client asks for 12 book covers for $50, reporting that her current provider "has dropped off the face of the earth." Sigh.
Using the phrase "Everything happens for a reason" non-ironically probably means you've given up on critical thinking.
RT : Programming note: I will be on #motorama this evening to join the crew parsing my views on the #Dart Stay tuned!
Derrick Rose...MVP! Damn right!!!
thanks for the tweet and the link to the L'Hote piece. It was a fantastic and smart read. Good to meet you.
Well, it's a funny thing . . . and now that you ask, an observation I probably should have kept to myself. Sorry. :)
Great! Thanks! I'm following you now, but I can DM you only if you are following me. Thanks again!
Our rooster (Lehi Louie) has moved across the street. Apparently, there is a hot chick(en) over there.
#turntoyou is one of the best songs you have ever written. i love you<3
Ever wish you could stop being a pimp? Me neither. Check out our indiegogo page!
Okayy here it goes... will you please be my date too homecoming?(:
Well I gotta eat....
<--this is my avi because non-violent cannabis arrests are truly asinine so one could say its a protest of sorts.
Recession-Proof Your Job: Start with Common Courtesy
Ima help you up thea, just gotta work for it bruh.
I feel like a reference librarian today, first time in a long time. Many faculty and student questions about publishing and copyright. COOL.
James Welling's exhibition "Geometric Abstraction" opens this evening (6-8pm) at Regen Projects
Ejaculation occurs in the genital organs, whereas orgasmic sensations, being related to the genitals, are mainly a cerebral ...
If you think you're better than anyone sorry to tell you but your not you're just fake
Sign up for our email bulletin by sending an email to with "Subscribe" in the subject line!
Ugh I can't wait for The Hunger Games.
Awesome! Not only do we have football team at our event in Feb, now the team will be there too!
Back at ya Neil!
my boyfriend is so cool
Follow us on LinkedIn, Facebook and Google+ for security
Putting on some sweats and calling it a day.
Anyone else think is sexy?
Leased Lines - Hosted Systems - Business broadband - Mobiles - Calls & Lines - ISDN ...and more! Call me for more info on: 01636 642 496
It is better to light one candle than to curse the darkness. Chinese Proverb
NexGen Storage has new offices, things must be looking up
Carine Roitfeld to Stage a Fashion Show of All-Black Outfits at Cannes: Her curated collection (including labels li...
They say 1 in 10 people lives next to a pedophile. Not me,I live next to two gorgeous 12 year olds.
good morning =) realized my friend took like 10 pictures of me when I wasn't looking and put them on facebook. ok.
*Ignores phone call & texts friend* “You called?”
If you only have 200 followers why do you have 40,000 tweets?...what the hell!!
The Fans are Rockin and Rollin at the Furman Football Game!
Referred away 3 shoots today. All interesting too. Oh well, I'm thankful to be busy.
I think we gotta link up through fb to follow eachother on spotify. Lemme check...
I need a drink!
whoa did you attend or just have a patch? Awesome either way!
u want me 2 drive over there in mi invisible boat mobile
If you can dance, you can love. And if you can love, you can do other shit
Tonight the Holland Dobbins Little Big Band #Christmas #jazz program with special CD give away!
It's never too early for ice cream! :-)
sometime I feel like given up and say light my boy said f*** the world
The easiest way to those achievable dreams, in which no doubt
Today is Bike to Work Day...Fuck your reflectors, keep yall asses on the sidewalk.
Look forward to seeing you, Nikki!
“: Congrats to and on making the USA select team! #WeAreUK” That's my boys!
I want to kill everybody in the world.
BUT I DON'T HAVE A DIARY GABBY I WAS BEING SARCASTIC OHMYGOD and you're calling me a dumbass
Tonight at 10! - CANOPIES, Halfletters, Union Pulse, Andrew
oh maybe! Haaha I'm not sure. Lol that names funny... Not as funny as today in science though!! Haaha!
HAHA! HIS little sister! Im a boy you silly girl! Burnhams Lil Dude thats me!
<U+2640>Whatever you cross, Whatever your pain, There will always be sunshine after the rain<U+2640>
for Crying Out Loud, #newsweek and #tinabrown: consider th consequences of your so-high school/tryG-to-be-different decisions. Be responsibl
re g+; beats hell out of twitter & fb mate; early adopters even in our tiny fleet verticals already ;]]
this is true! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Lind: the American South was the Saudi regime of the 19th century (reactionary, resource-extracting, export-oriented monoculture).
I am the new water frisbee champ as of this evening. Yay for me.
Thanks for following new friends
Margaretha, thanks for following us, we are following back! Have a good night.
u guys should make a porno
My pleasure, always.
The historic home of is now on twitter!
RT if u want a followback :) [ one rule; must follow ]
when's senior ditch day?
Breaking Twitter silence to say OMG IT SO NICE OUTSIDE!
My husband probably feels your pain. My older son and I are both ADHD. I hear we can be tricky to live with lol!
I signed up for an account :)
I grew up in LV, KS; know the power of tornadoes and local journalists. Thanks for the follow!
You always seem to be very informed to me...I am betting you will find out.
thanks buddy, getting old!
lol....shut up! I think we are I will let you know by 2:00pm. Is that to late?
Have a happy Friday!!
I'm at Subway getting a bacon, egg & cheese flatbread. I was asked if I wanted bacon with that.
You just gave me college flashbacks
They weren't THAT bad... were they? Lolz
Attn Members: Scammers are posing as FCCU to obtain your personal info. Remember - we'll never contact you asking for personal info
ayy i need more followers
RT happy b-day to u 2 days from today and me today
Can I just be home already? I want my summer to start!!!!!!! and I really just want a hug from a certain someone. #HurryUpSummer!
#activateNYC12, check my blog post on how stop-#SOPA protest in Jan. was biggest-ever day of traffic & engagement on our site.
Family <U+0096> where life begins and love never ends.
This is my 2800 tweet
lmao I totally forgot about that movie
Soon as 10 o'clock hit I'm clockin out and jettin outta this b*t*h
You Are So STUPID WOW
hahahahah you crazy
wait, what? more info!
you keep drinking your bottled water imported from france.....drought is the word they use before they tell us its empty
Thanks for the RT, Ernie! Happy Friday!
More than happy to man!
yes we did :)
Today I was offered fulltime at GameStop, but I love the hell outta Taco Bell
My ma needs to make this food run. I'm starved
Reaching out for something.
Damn my 14 year old cousin is crazy at shuffling and all that techno dance thing lol
Had to start my day off with some
. received over $500k in campaign $ from the entertainment industry now she's their PIPA puppet
#Graduation is may 12 so close yet so far
WHERE ARE YOU
Thanks to The #stephenking Project, I'm becoming more & more comfortable in this King section of the store.
#FF Dads make all the difference:
wishes everyone a Happy Chanukah!
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy<U+2665> please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp <U+2665> 19
I am really liking the sound of Buckeye, Arizona right now. Sounds promising!
RE: Venice flat: when you do finally move, we'll be neighbors! (We're staying on here at the Million $ MegaCondo. SUNDAY MARGARITAS!)
Night with my favs darts, the monkey and smiles.
Ok will do
Region Championships begin tonight in the Bluegrass... Best of luck to all teams!!!
I get money to kill time
i love your all's music(: ur amazzing
what, you don't get enough attention from your mom while you're living in her basement? lol bye.
The functions of intellect are insufficient without courage, love, friendship, compassion, and empathy. - Dean Koontz
I love Drizzy! I wish he was the one I was goin on a date with this weekend. haha
“: Why Do people think everything is real are people retarded seriously vampires do exist!” i meant dont
#JMS220 What did boxer Manny Pacquiao say the reason was for his less-than-perfect fight against Shane Mosley?
MT : Q2: Some of the proposed leg from #Congress could take us backward. We must cont. advocating for
I'm not bigtime like heard the crib the super nice though... Happy for you and the wifey!
event's official twitter account says i can stop by, so probably 4ish. glad i checked in on tweets.
We really want you do debut our new single, Bang Bang. Let's chat!
Tornados to the south of me, blizzards to the north....and wicked crazy thunderstorms in the middle. Is mother nature on crack?!
. no problem, anytime you need a cheering section we're the girls to call. Tough game tonight, we'll get them next time.
Spamming you.
Finna go out with the godparents! =)
Totally baffled by the DNA helix.
Sunday night? I'll B there Mike Ladd
If you judge people, you have no time to love them--Mother Teresa #livebyjohn15:12
OMG! Coffee out of my nose! :D
Open from 8:30-11a and today will be here at 11a to see our #homeless community members in need of services
nope she still at work
I remember you still! :) miss you too! What's been up? :)
dammit...now you know we're all gonna have to do that now too right?
Tonight at Bnai Or at Newton Theological - playing again with Shefa Gold - a night of chants - visit www.hebrewchant.org - for details.
How are you :)!
You're welcome. You're one of the resources I link to on my site. Have a great weekend.
#columbus #hiring contract-to-hire CNC Programmers in Columbus OH. email resumes to
Truth deserves zero credit for saving Detroit. He favored forcing bankruptcy
Wonders how Mississippi is voting today!!!
They don't want to work! They just want to be Given!
Med Pizza w/100% WI Mozz & 2 tops, xtra tops $1.49ea, $5.99 p/u dine-in or delivery. Print coupon at Pizza Shuttle's Facebook page for deal.
they aint got it dawg no way they beat clips or okc in a 7gm srs
You are the only person that can make my heart beat faster and slower at the same time.
Between 16 & 20 M bicycles sold in US every yr. More than all cars/light trucks sold in USA combined.
Vegan 101 series took home 3 awards last night at LA Web Fest. "Outstanding Sketch Comedy Series".
I Check Ur Songs Out Bro Thats Joint HOT! U Need To Do Some With It
Excited to head to to see
ok just working. How's da fam
What's your top client priority this week? Tell everyone and it will happen
hm... better than Alpine's pulled pork with coleslaw sandwich? Research is needed.
ready for my boy cee lo!
I just saw the family. All that matters is where the fun is.
Path really scares me. That's a little too much information letting people know how long I sleep:) No matter how close a friend
What disease would you eradicate if you could?
I almost molded from twitter not working
Same here fam! Ya'll gotta hit it up down here... It's crazy here
we look forward to your submissions! Keep writing and read often.
It's apparent that #PhilIvey has tweeted for the 1st time since #BlackFriday | In memory of #Poker legend Amarillo Slims passing |
Making a 69 in math
I need a job ASAP!!!!
Imma bout to catch a Case on my birthday. Cuz my momma is gettin on my fuckin nerves before 7 am. Im supposed to be still sleep!
The Office! For shame
Bush & Cheney used 9/11 to demagogue us into a Trillion Dollar War. You'd think they'd let Mr. Obama have a little ad.
Yeah, I figured that wasn't enough notice for you. :( Sorry! If it was though, I wanted to make sure you knew!
That they take their menial job way too seriously?
jealous. Bring those boys to Nashville sometime. Please....?
Just had a lady at SFO tell me I had to put my laptop in my bag to get in the security line...only to have to take it out in security. Eh??
Luxury! Sounds good. Hoping to be there by the end of the month. I expect to celebrate with sushi.
#muahahaa RT wish I was there for the awesome hour, but I'm stuck in the lab doing mad science!
When we act in the world and regard others with love and compassion, we encourage life to flourish. Both for ourselves and others.
Really enjoying Rick Perry's version of "The One That Got Away." Oh, wait... sorry. I guess that was Katy Perry singing. My error.
yea :/ well hopefully things will get better
Is this your new page....follow me....
nice 4.3s...check your sources from a couple hours ago.
Happiness is only real when shared.
You know you have a one track mind when Da Brat is trending and you think of tailgating.
How long are you going to be in Barcelona?
Blessed $1,000 of sweet sweet #taxreturn! Jack in the Crack is on me tonight!
ha! Love it. Such a simple task that seems so hard for many.
How goes the wedding planning? What do I need to prepare? Do I need to buy a flight and make hotel reservations?
You get fifteen democrats in a room, and you get twenty opinions. Senator Patrick Leahy
edge is silly
RT : Join us Twitter & participate in #FoodieChat We have so much fun talking Foodie & making friends
We're back Podcasting tonight folks. Look for 2 shows from us this week!!
guys! tweet at this amazing fella, and ask him to feature Goodbye Coastline in the Substream Random Awesomeness section!xoxo
would you rather apply for "super awesome tech guru" or "electronic resources coordinator"? trying to write ad to fill my old job.
don't forget
. great concept, look forward to checking out your app and I know a few people who could help expand to upstate NY
that is hilarious!
Really What Happened... Lighten Up My Night!!!
good morning!!!
hey , why would you black me out of a game playing on ESPN when the whole reason I have mlb TV is THAT I DONT HAVE CABLE TO BEGIN WITH?!
ohh :((( it'll be okayy;) wanna talk about it?? And I'm great;)
- hope you had a fun weekend. Thx for stopping by :) - sorry about D.Rose.
Lunch in the caf at NatGeo as we set up for the specials today on the Gulf Oil spill - hour 2 with Silvia Earle & Enric Sala on the Oceans
heat bro you would hurt feelings out there.lol
Preach on brother...
(i'm pretending i didn't see this)
breakfast-burrito-in-bed
Another 1/2 hour till my train. I'm always too early. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> Better than being late though!!
Jesse Stay author of Google+ for Dummies says when you're designing products on the web, think how u can bring people in
Getting ready to boot up to #Windows8 - fingers are crossed
ehh same ol same ol. lol. u? love ya too!
got some new heat for the site..Dm
I Waz a thug this Halloween and stole some candy aint shit ironic punks! hppy Halloween
Prolly the usual knee grows lol
I only fuck with those who fucks with me.
You don't want all your inbound links looking the same, because that looks like automation - something Google frowns upon
Bitch ill Fuck Yo Hole Crew Just To Get Over You
they do!!
Got my first paycheck from the new job today. Feels good to have a little room to breathe, financially speaking.
It's Friday!!!!! Try our chorizo burger w/ lettuce, tomato, poblano, avocado, cheese and Coa mayo or one of our other delicious specials!!!!
Sluts on twitter are so entertaining c: they warm my heart
Pick 20: Sir Circumference and the Dragon of Pi by Cindy Neuschwander
Microsoft, mortgages and the Net. (Microsoft Network holds promise as marketing took for mortgage bankers)(Mortgage Technology: Reachin...
That profile you posted was from an era when reporters got to write stories longer than 25 inches! Jen Davies rocked it.
Stay tuned for another Juarez video.
so... whats up with ya?
Debating I can be that amazing~ Me? What's between you and your best self?
same here
me too. “: Funny, before Roger's red, I was thinking that Espinoza has controlled himself considerably well this season.”
Today's musical motivation: Some 'intelligent trunk music' by Making me wanna go "super hard..cuz the bass is banging..hard.."
Half way home! Spring break!
I did Miranda in my 1st play of ME2 but lost Jack during suicide mission. Romanced Jack on my insanity play of ME2.
an American werewolf if Paris?
Shh Morgan freeman is speaking
That's exactly why I resisted. It's like wearing legwarmers; I already did it the first time, and that was enough.
that's a good thing, lol. you know where i'm buying a villa, if i win ;)
Whatever. I'm done. I did mean all those things I said though, iloveyou still.
no. I'm not a good fit for that job.... thank you for asking...
the championship is beautiful, but the game is ugly.
Thanks for the ReTweets! and
RT : We knew that our thrift store interns from Beit T'Shuvah were talented, but who knew they could sing, rap and......
I cant wait for austin to move to miami. Ill be spending a good portion of my summer there because of him(;
Today was my 2nd day and I already want to quit
Invention is easy, distribution is hard.
Sometimes the hardest part of helping others is getting them to want to help themselves.
Mitt Romney and Ron Paul two man race???
It downtown Tosa this morning? Stop by and see ! We sure appreciate his AM live shots today.
Saw that was having a Derby event and thought of you! Did you end up deciding to throw party or not this year?
I signed up for the webinar under the name "Carter Pewterschmidt" It's possible I'm the only one that may find that humorous.
How's everyone doing today? I am working on a lot of new music videos, follow my personal twitter and let's talk!
Daylight Savings makes us lose an hour. It’s just like checking Twitter.
we got the bad weather out of the way yesterday. Arlington TX 0% chance of rain friday. let me see u wobble!
so u just gone get down on me! I've been PUNKD! Why u get down on me I was on some real nigga shit!
it happens much more than you think, including about five minutes ago
You rap? Or are you just joking?
Hey Griswold, where you gonna put that tree? Why don't you bend over and I'll show you...I wasn't talking to you
He's Mi Lighter To Mi Cigarette
Happy Thanksgiving to all the singers/songwriters.Be grateful 4 having the gift to compose,to sing,to have music in your life. Music is Love
So far Hattie McDaniel, Whoopi Goldberg, Halle Berry, Jennifer Hudson, Mo'Nique, & now Octavia Spencer.
yes damn them
A million times yes.
#ThingsWomenWant: Someone they can trust. Without trust there is no relationship. Trust is the foundation.
Word RT : 2012 playoffs has been horrible for injuries.
Even a generous drug treatment stay costs $30,000 LESS than an average term served in an Illinois prison.
Never thought I would be working on finishing my message with Lightning McQueen yelling in the background
we'll see what happen with time. What happened to bowling tho?
Deep in the metaphorical woods of a work project. Tweets will be light until the weekend.
how are ya?<3
Sweet !! Make some videos lol
#FF Good luck with Season 3 of
oh lol damn how did you get 1.5k?
To my friends and followers on Twitter, will now be known as
You Would'nt mind If Me and Your Son Went Out, Right? LOL
Come to Mobys in Fells Point (right next to Max's) tonight for
In film, Shutter Island, anagrams were clue (same 13 letters): Edward Daniels, Andrew Laeddis / Rachel Solando, Dolorus Chanal; 'Teddy'/#67!
Firefighter Recovering From Heart Surgery Survives Home Invasion Scare - NBC4 Washington
Happy holiday everyone #F one last rodeo
now the #Stripper is passed out in my bed&im trying2figure out which of my neighbors lawn to drag her2.prolly
Julia&Julia time w/my love <3
more coffee this morning at MGS ...but we should switch to tea! Healthier and keep teeth clean :)
Should women get their own wines?
Brad from our team is at #NETA12 today! What session are you most looking forward to?
Thank you, Carol, for helping get the word out...and get the "Word" out. I am grateful! Blessings to you.
Jason Bonham should be shot for that remix of Black Dog.
- Ohh Haha . Yeaa It Is . Every wednesday. I Was too . How Yours Look ?
Are you on campus already?
i replied
psh. Ha see ya next year girl scout
right? And there's a liiiiiitle part of me thaat buys it! Arg!!
Regular walking is one of the most effective forms of physical activity that delivers substantial health benefits and improves heart health.
Sebastian Junger is on book tour -- our review of his latest, "WAR" is available now. Is peace possible? www.thecurrentreader.com
If you get complemented on your balls, your shorts are to short.
Now it's time for
Super Mystery Jackpot clue: The artist's name is an example of alliteration , the pot is now $95 sing at karma or irish knot tonight to win
Time: Heals & Reveals.
And what would a ranger know of this matter?
Playing some rocky rolly music Friday at the with Poly/Western. Special guests and drunk friends will join me on stage.
It's Friday, ya bastards!
ROWING: Riverview&#39;s 2012 Hebda Cup sweep includes another overall title (PHOTOS)
got tossed out of practice for showing up late. it's wed, when all the schemes get put in for Sun. too. not the day to roll in late
My brain has been on stupid mode 4 the past year working at that "club". Seeing the effects today. Hopefully that'll change.
do I need to do anything to buy pre-sale tickets?<3
Sounds great! We can get it done. Follow us so that I can DM you my email and start goin' over what you want to have done.
I did something nice for someone I don't like for all the right reasons....WHY DON'T I FEEL GOOD ABOUT IT???
Did you get a chance to sign up for the Hackathon on June 9th?
Such a busy day today but in such a good mood!
#Mets are the only team in #baseball without a steal this year.
My art teacher kept telling me all about the Navy during class! Be safe you woman!
“: is so humble that humble pie must be renamed humble bakeshow pie. Follow him”
bet you won't
Missed today, about to watch it now. I know it won't be as fun without all the #uppers providing conversation
MIAs seem at ease w role in making aesthetic choices to produce restoration-poss b/c of inherent collaborative nature of original?
ah! They are the most badass of people.
i'm doing it. sending in the contract today and getting married 10 months from today!!! so excited!
so pretty!
has never needed an AD more than today.
My psych class just completed evaluation sheets on our teacher and based off an informal exit poll the most common answer: strongly disagree
#BBW #agreed Why not? Act like a criminal, get treated like a criminal!
I'm still on the fence about the show. Watching though so what does that say.
i cant beleive some of you people are still on this ghost town they call myspace! get ur butts on facebook
Communication, Tolerance, Communication
YES! Kids asleep & I get 2 watch commercial free! My only solo ME time all week!
Polar bear attacks the beluga whale
We definitely have some Arsenal fans who come in for the games. They love talking futball even if it's not the season!
the whole was maravilloso! Loved it
Two of my dudes are autistic it is a challenge but well worth it as you know :)
Well sista if you're feeling bloated around those ppl.... I better keep my post cruise belly home ;) HAVE FUN!
congrats Jimmie Nice race!!
"Do u got the power to not let power control you...
Ah its starting to rain!!
Life is a marshmallow, easy to chew but hard to swallow
Am I the only person who isn't a fan of monkeys in classical art?
Where U watching timbers ? I'm at the bitter end.
live #Raw tweet-up. Waw
But Thats True Tho , If A Nigga Dick Little Of Course Its Gonna Be Loose. But If He Gotta Big Yastanme , Then That Sht Gonna Be Tight!
Pizza fridays!
titanic IMAX haha
I've been in Las Vegas at this goddamn airport for six hours with approximately 32 delays. I want to punch everything.
Listening to Alex Trebek read lines from Teenage Dream was pretty funny.
Global Education Conference Howard Uni. Middle School of Maths&Science.Guest Speaker :S. African Minister of Science&Tech Ms. Naledi...
I love how you use so many theatre actors in your shows! Any specific reasoning behind that?
Explain 2 ways in which people are able to resist obedience :) x
sup ginge. your adventures in canada have gone on long enough
how did he get poison ivy?
2 of my favorite things #nodoubtRT : I couldn't agree more! RT : We think &amp; bacon make a handsome couple.
understandable and u ain't dare lol in person fa u to put it
... Does anyone own a shirt that is so old... it is incredibly worn out and faded, yet absolutely PERFECT? Yeah. Wearin it now.
So wonderful to see last night! Thank you for visiting us can't wait for the newest issue of
Doing okay. Gotta headache.
I have to work! :(
"#ghettotranslations I'll use that in the hood" - #twitterless Noah a.k.a. Cuban Commi
I believe in Harvey Dent ...
Some may say I'm wishing my days away. No way
Firday - Up for auction at 9:30PM EST is a Brand New Panasonic 32-Inch LCD HDTV with iPod Dock! Dont miss the fun! New visa gift cards also!
Ayee Slut I Just Blasted It Right Now ;) <3
I joined Twitter! The perfect way to connect from my new home in Minneapolis, MN!
My Mother told me that tonight is your big finale so good luck.
Going on a run with my doggy.
RT : "Senior art show today...music tonight. How am I suppose to get my work done?"
Why did twitter just suggest that I follow Kotex tampons
. if Tiger misses the cut @ #ThePlayers, the downfall chatter will only escalate. He needs to really go low today.
#SOBA12 The technology has the answers, but it doesn't have the questions. It's not one without the other, but leveraging both.
Beauty isn’t about having a pretty face, it’s about having a pretty mind, a pretty heart, and a pretty soul.
PLEASE FOLLOW !! 4
Dreamt it was my job to discipline a dog named Good Dog.
@ HOME...it was a busy busy MONDAY, but got thru it, and ONLY 4 MORE DAYS til the weekend!
Well alright. Rekindle our failed lunch date plans?
The news from Libya makes me want to be like Hemmingway and go off to fight the fascists! But my wife would not approve.
any idea on lineup for next weekend? #pleasebehungergames!
Fuck you, exhaustion.
Heading back home
what is it? It won't show:(
Told yeah you would make it lol MooN
I am now lol.. we just started so I'm trying to get all of my equipment together. I have a seagull acoustic guitar
apparently the fire is in Tecate.
“: I wonder what they did with Dick Cheney's old heart?” Turned into pink slime, no doubt.
so um... your still mine right?
true true get wit me later my G
congrats on the #mastercleanse - it was life changing for us. Are you going it alone?
trying to login to #sloancres but says "group license limit has been reached" What to do?
you already have
LMFAO no, i'm a virgin. My throat just hurts for some reason :/
I rly wish there were a couple days to take some deep breaths, say "Fuck! You!" to the sexists, and then jump on Barrett's bandwagon.
Hello there! Tremendous meeting yesterday. Thank you so much. Lots of excitement Thanks again! Deniece
Talking on the phone with this busty <3
Listening to great speech by Nobel Peace Prize nominee Asmaa Mahfouz, leader of pro-drmocracy movement in Egypt.
Mr. Quintero defends FLES as a parent and taxpayer. He illustrates how happy children are when they see their FLES teacher.
i like the sound of that!
Be Bolts or Be Lame.
Are the judges smoking something? Adley was MILES better than RaeLynn, who was nervous the entire time!
I did record it haha soo yeah the first 10 minutes was pretty good and wat happened with skype??
I'm so mindfucked right now, que pingaaaa
Late to school fuckkk it
Been there! RT : The awkward moment when no one else is laughing except you and you can’t stop.
Great Follett webinars this week. Excited about Destiny!
Some people just don't fucking get it RT : Why not BJ Raji?
Props for putting together a #amasummit LS12Peeps list on Twitter - great idea!
At times I just ask myself why
would love to help promote the May 1 Fitness Free events throughout the city! Check out our directory!
just made a ustream!!!(:
There's no competition when one is creating...
no not at all it hurts!!
Wish i had headphones that dont blow out... I love to bump my shit
yes go Big Ten
okay sounds good!
Who has a extra iphone s/iphone ? And can unlock it for me
Happy Birthday to ! Hope it's great.
About to hear one of our greatest authors speak at Columbia. Writers: anything you'd like me to ask him?
Crank-e-Mart
is packed!!! Waiting in line is still worth it ( with my lil sister )
Shout out to for the nice message he sent me..just saw it today maybe I would've gone faster :P
because he can't accept the fact that you're my god brother ! & check your dm !
ARIANA YOU ARE FOLLOWING ME! THANK YOU SO MUCH! BUT ONLY IN MY DREAMS .. :'[ MAKE MY DAY AND FOLLOW ME IN REAL LIFE TO?<U+2665>
Regulation win! sweet!
-~-~|+ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Then its settled, well get the blue one!
I think you need to have the money talk" before. You have "the pillow talk"
do you read anything into what seems like a lengthy visit? Glad the sun decided to poke out today!
Thank you! Loved your video, too. Hope to meet you & hear you in person one day soon!
holy cow! “: Besse...HE.CAN'T. MISS”
don't oh me I'm not khasheem
Amanda Rockman takin' people down at the Bonchet awards! Pastry Chef of the year
#Heat let this one get away. I'm sorry but the Celtics still look old on defense. The refs will give heat more calls at home.
“ Reading old messages and realizing how much you really miss that one person.”
I'm too down! I got my set up and everything :D
Hooray! RT : Thank you for the follow. I will be participating in this Saturday's walk in Davie!
Is Wizard of Oz played out? Cuz I see a new front-page meme...
Final score of the Brewers Game: Brewers 8 Padres 3
Congratulations to for being AV Rated Preeminent #Attorney in #business #law, #commercial law, and
Resuming an ordered existance is going to be harder and slower than I had thought.
Something wrong with your car? Let us help on your auto expenses through
#8MINUTES :D <3 AH IM FREAKING OUT ALREADY!
makeup tester #app is fab! Love playing w/ #chanel makeup & model w/ deep skin tone is a beauty
my gut just came out my ear. Dat's funny!!
FACT: In 2009, Youth Court heard 744 cases! *Hint: Current jurors, it might benefit you to remember that number for Saturday!*
Liquid dope got the best of me tonight
haha sounds good. I'll see if I can find something too.
you are wise for one so young!! :0)
I've been out of the office and out in the real world all day today, Twitter. What did I miss?
got it, just been swamped. Do you have a user breakdown?
What would Gemma do?
To Mr. Jefferson, Happy Birthday! Thanks for the Declaration of Independence, Statute for Religious Freedom in VA, and the University of VA
...this wont take long
I am so glad that Austin Scarlet just declared his customer is from a Fragonard painting. He is so Rococo!
Happy Monday! Wishing you a great start to the week!
Ready to hear some celebrity Voices for Service on NBC tonight at 8. Join the conversation
Each man should frame life so that at some future hour fact and his dreaming meet -Victor Hugo
What are thoughts about #FB brand page tabs if brands switch over to Timeline? Will anyone look at them anymore?
BANG! NightLife @ the California Academy of Sciences is sold out tonight. Open bar, Fitz & the Tantrums, JBoogie, Ren & Billion Jelly Bloom.
PLEASE NOTICE ME!! :( It #MakesMeSalty when you dont -.-
Thanks so much, Deb. It's only the first step...but getting out of the hospital/into my own bed would be lovely!
awwwwee<3 RT “: Good luck to my lovely girlfriend for her exam today!!”
When Y100 Miami Radio Is Still Playingg Songs... #WaitingFo'Austin. Yeah, I'm kinda impatient right now. aha.
Awesome good luck! I hope it goes well :)
Warning! Wild Weather is upon us! Tornado themed Custom and Micro Beds are up now on #productionvault! Check them out!
I know that thought. Nerds do love to bicker.
Way to rep the
Bailey is my new BOOSKIE! (;
I desperately need some cool cube decorations.
Hey, they found those girls from Whiteville, TN! Yay!
I feel so close you in mind but in reality theirs a distance.
Tune in for our upcoming shows including interviews with Alyson Yarberry and Lisa Vogel of LUXE by Lisa Vogel.
Right on!
We are ontop of google search so excited like seeing your child graduate at top of its class!!
Is a kilt required? I am definitely in for some good Scottish food right now.
Has a really bold-flavored potato salad recipe. The secret is Miracle Whip.
Thank you ; looks good!
no do I need to follow Norm? And how do I follow Norm?
I'm over here high as fuck.....
I got 5 hours to sleep before work
#ToMyUnbornChild i will be lucky to even have a wife ...
Transplant recipients too ya think?
A new program coming to the University of Baltimore in 2013. M.S. In Innovation Management & Technology Commercialization. Very cool!
Going To Prom ^.^
The tooth fairy teaches children that they can sell body parts for money.
I need to clean
This should work well. RT Irvin is first top 15 pick from West Virginia since Adam "Pacman" Jones in 2005.
i likke u..
Watching the Cubs documentary on ESPN is one of the most depressing things I could think of doing... Yet I can't stop watching
It was. That they might have a love/hate relationship w/ food. That sometimes they adjust better than we do.
girl scout cookies
9/11 is tomorrow :'( everyone go on and search 9/11 remix heaven. u will cry
i missed it too along with im obligated to play whatever online game my friends r n 2 memo.
check out my new cover.
Hi Leah!! My mom and I watched Good Luck Charlie It's Christmas for the 2nd time today! Do you wanna go there?? Lol
I bucket-bathed all the way through elementary and middle school. I'm ready.
ha ha...let me think about it and see what I come up with.
So stressed out, there's nothing I can do.
bit of an anti-climax...was expecting an inspirational quote that I could pass down through generations!
Perfect day to pack :)
ok, we can hit on Thanksgiving foods next! Ha. Have a good one
or spell it out with hershey kisses and be all romantic (;
I wonder if there will be many gay divorces. "Why are you leaving him?" "He leaves the toilet seat up!" "So do you." "Oh...right..."
on my way
Happy to see the rain come, but happy to see it go in time for Transform a Street starting this Friday on Richmond between Pownal and Queen.
Happy 100th Birthday of statehood New Mexico!! You are the Land of Enchantment!
Am I the only one that goes to the gym in chanel skinny jeans and JoGhost boots?
hi! How's yer cat?
I agree. I would eat *all* the food. but that's ok, I'll just make a sammich @ werk in a bit. you want one?
Only one more week of FREE Breakfast Month!!!
Everyone should check out blog post. So perfect!
Life becomes so much better when you decide not to care. Just live for the moment and don’t let the drama bring you down...
looks interesting. Hope mtce costs don't make the biz prohibitive. And watch out for what did to
BBN loves ya back :)
Awesome - I didn't realize you went to India for your honeymoon!
the best one I've seen so far
Seems as if everyone on my flight is coughing, sneezing, or nose blowing. It's my own version of Contagion.
haha. I wonder what else we could sneak between the floor boards?
Kind of excited about the upcoming Icons of Science Fiction exhibition at They'll have a Dalek there!
dude u go to the mud hens game just to look at the players in tight pants O_o
RT : Keep in mind: the last time NC voted on marriage - it was to ban interracial marriage.
dont be a bitter #Sens fan.
too lazy to landthieves it, but did we find out why they were all susepnded?
You too! Keep me in the loop about #fireandice stuff!
just remember, whatever you do today, you're doing it on my birthday.
don't worry. Get you Hank Moody on and chillax
My mistake, I was just looking for the story, not this persons interpretation,Yes this persons is ugly.
My hearts doing weird things. :>
Saniyah decided to scratch me & made me bleed -__-
oh that doesn't surprise me then lol
At Carnegie Mellon, waiting to hear Anne Balsamo talk!
#10ThingsIFindAttractive good taste in music.
Everyone Trend Ariana Is Our Angel <U+2665> *Credits To *
Hope all my #BBNFam will have a great weekend and do something fun!
It's time to live on purpose
Congrats to Montera's and Nate on their new twin babies, a boy and a girl!
haha, wow - now I wish I'd looked backwards when I was there.
Ha. Ha.ha.
#CoffeeIsForClosers only! You call yourself a #rainmaker you sonofabitch? You can't take this abuse? How are you going to handle clients?
Yes, until Tuesday
Why do my grandparents think Obama is basically the antichrist?
GO Pacers!
I have goosebumps as I flip between the United and City matches.
I know:/ we used twitcon always chill now never!):
Inglish and Spanish
hahah yes! That would totally make me feel better! :D
This job description is morphing into the nanny request letter from Mary Poppins. "Rosy cheeks, no warts! Play games, all sorts!"
also, it must really bother you enough that my crap team always ends up beating yours.
I wish I could google "things to eat in my fridge" so I wouldnt have to go downstairs and be disappointed.
how do i fuck u that line with a typo !!! joke ruined
my pipe broke on christmas :(....
aww loved the vid .keep up the good work:) will always be there for you austin<3
Adriana Lima. a Victoria's secret model
Now I want to get on tumblr.
Soon I will be joining the iphone community ( :
It's obvious 's going out with K guys?
Man I wanted to see the g unit meeting now I was to wait until next week!
now it's denver's turn.
Expect the best, plan for the worst, and prepare to be surprised. -Denis Waitley
Drama and stress free for 2012.
Follow Hiedi she supports ya boy from Across the Pond!
You ARE HOPELESS
Friday, I have no practice, and early release... Leggo.
it's all good!
Italy, you?
Right on Don
#c21GC what time do we start tonight?
i dont like sharing my secrets because too many people who i never thought would, walked away. so prove to me that you're different.
2 women team bringing wellness to your company, office or event
Today is Self-Harm Awareness Day; I lost my best-friend to suicide. It gets better, I promise! <3 If you need to talk, I'm here... Always(:
trying to figure it out
chillin w marty,
It's a Structures kinda night. This band fucking rips faces off.
RT if you have a Twitter crush.
New Matt Kearney album is fantastic! This album is a must have...simply amazing.
CONGRATS DONNY!!! You've won the hearts of America, once again!!
WE CANNOT WAIT!!!
Kicking off this bday weekend right. At a grande fiesta...3 Tequila shots down ;)
My life, my choices, my mistakes.
IT LIVES! *dances*
What Hair color should i dye my hair Lime Green or Hot Pink I cant decide!
and that's a damn shame
ian has the cutest smile.
Hope everyone had great holidays . for me its back to the grind
RT whising I was back inte best city in the US - isn't it SO true? :)
X Factor judge Nicole Serzinger hot and awesome.
dude does this chick only know red heads?! Damn.
I swear we can make this last.
"I can say I'm a Steeler for life and that's the bottom line, that's all I've really ever wanted." We'll miss you Hines!
God bless us everyone we're a broken people living under loaded gun
“: Last 3 thoughts from #MarshallGoldsmith: Be Happy Now. Help People. Go for it. #fls11 #AwesomeSpeaker”
Happy birthday, !
thank you for following us!
A3 - I love when events have their own hashtag, so you can network & find contact info during and after event (easier than biz cards)
just signed up for It looks like , but for dudes.
you did not follow me, therefore I did not buy tickets to your Coquitlam show. So... Follow me?
My son wants to learn how to get Apps published....any tips for inexpensive starts? We need to do some research.
Thanks Mark!
leave them for her to glean, and not scold her.” 17She gleaned in the field until evening. Then she beat out what she had #Torah 45/99
we did!!!! Thank you.
Morning aphillyates. Rise & grind this morning
Andy Dick is in the house....holly molly
but that's scary! why are you there?
#FF What's going on? will let you know...
"Inscribete" or "registrate" ~ talking about #votolatino and how to engage the #Millennial #Hispanic vote
NYC looks like everyone's alright.....luv you all, look forward to this week!
Hello thanks for the follow! <3 :)
what did I do
now why would u post that, course now I wanna look, good thing looked before and he vouched not to look.......JERK
AIght i feel you!! keep up with the good work, ands good luck :)
Saraiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii LicKs Ass.!
We are too. Join us for our groundbreaking Monday 5/14
the night is just getting started Browns fans, and I'd say this is a pretty good start.
SERINA HI UM I MISS YOU MORE
The win means so much more to the #Brewers nation than it does to the
New York bound
Who's ready for Drama Prom?!?!
everyone wish the beautiful a happy birthday! hope you have an amazing day cara!
Think my delicate sensibilities are better suited for minor league ball parks. Whataburger Field is perfect. Everything perfectly scaled.
"Perhaps the oddest meeting was when Dr. Dre visited Jobs at Apple headquarters."
Lovely people over there at Underground Lounge - had lots of fun. That said -
I have tweeps at two very, very different conferences this weekend. My feed is busy and a little surreal.
thanks to u too:)
Right on & ESP Litts &Frankie! I hate that our kids wont have the spectrum & #Phantoms hockey
RT Please RT. Hey #VegasTech, two great breakout sessions at on 1/19. Term sheets & bootstrapping.
I know right?! Some people are just plain crazy
I graduated last year I'm in culinary skool now and u
How about - Carl Hiaasen's Hoot as a WWF endangered species feature?
Oh damn, is rockin. Best cakes in KC!!!
this is an epic superhero goes aginst 10 unique other scientist made human like power robots ta wait till you see the 11th Evil man
thanks for following!
swag on lou,tell me did niall ate the last fondou,liam knows bout me harry knows bout so hit it for the dj malik 3 2 flick
I wish I didn't have to go to work today! I just want to lay in bed ALL DAY and be lazy!!!
They hand out two-dollar bills for change at the Rose Bowl. Who knew?
Remember when the #Pistons gave up way too early on Arron Afflalo?
remember that night you took a nap on the speed bump in Denny's parking lot after leaving they bar?
"DON'T swim to europe!"
marie is wkng on it- but seems since i updated to the new mac option it broke something with the media player. Pls chk w/marie
grey's anatomy sucks
All the sounds of the earth are like music. -Oscar Hammerstein
nice! NEWS: that Dan Marino will start at QB week 1 of the 1994 season opener.So long Scott Mitchell
i wish you all of the luck in the world :)
I am!!! IM in the library
Rep. Mike Beard, in response to Benson, urges members to vote against transit amendment due to complexity of "user fee" vs "subsidy"
Check out our dbl punch drink, our eggnog latte! Our sale is extended into today...get the 30% off while you still can!
what are you taking?
hahhhahaha wow, I have not seen twitter in a loong time
that sucks i been pretty much just been thinking alot i been a lil down the last two days but im holding my own
Your doing ustream tonight right?
Great escapes from Olympic London
Just learned that rubbing ur eyes can get u blind im so sufferin right tryin to get back to normal my eyes are so imprtant
So Facebook fix my url already
Finally (after 3 days!) got 1.7 gig of email transferred over to new mac and new email program. Any Thunderbird users out there with tips?
Fucking #STOKED for #DirtyWork :) can't wait to buy it later!!!!!!! <33
Big Papa Dill Pickle Lip Balm will not dignify your question with a response.
Just because you fail once, it doesn't mean you're going to fail at everything. Keep trying, hold on, and always always believe in yourself.
That's like burning a cross in Compton. RT Gonna break a bong in front of a bunch of hippies today
I hate flat soda. Its sucks.
Like...the same color of the next piece of shit I see? Is that what you're telling me to do here?
Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving! What was your favorite dish?
": Drunk red sox fans looking at old trolley car at boylston 'is that the orange line?' #mbta"
Homeschoolers in the LIb: a hidden asset. Huge borrowers lifelong learners & frequent library users
About if anybody on the A&A set makes out behind the scenes... a couple of people come to mind lol.
I had a good 3 hours workout with my brothers today. I hope I can make it again tomorrow.
wow! I do not envy you!
thanks - saw your blog post. Great stuff!
A2 'Horton Hears a Who'- Because "A person's a person, no matter how small"
Parent death STILL scares me! RT : I was so scared as a child. Mostly that something would happen to my parents.
3/7/1754->R Dinwiddie:Men want Clothing...It is the Nature of Indians to be taken by show&this will give a higher Conception of our Power
RT : "What if learning conflicts w/ a PR message?" THAT is the question.
I'm being pimped out for cookies
NeuroSun …Not So Shiny
Anyone see durant try to ht Carter?
Yo chick she so thirsty........
Ok, one last tweet for the day: does anyone know someone who has been to a game in more then 10 different ballparks?
I can see yo ass cheeks. LOL.
Greetings/salutations to you, uncommon Mr. C. Hope all is well/swell with you/yours.
Who's at the #Marlins game?
yayyy i'm gonna get new jeggings!
RIP Adam Yauch! One of my fav's of all time. You will be greatly missed!!!
did he get ejected like ?
I'm in town all week starting tmrw u know it don't take us but a minute
Perception becomes reality: Johnny Carson was an introvert, he became a persona to perform. Have you cast yourself in a leading role?
Working with a client this morning reminded me of some key sales lessons I never learned in sales. Good to work with people who are good.
oh I c
Found it very hard to believe
Later Twitter
8 minutes until 48 Hrs Mystery airs...can't wait to see the new episode...and preview of ours next week! love this show!
yes sadly :/
That's good man. Just can't believe what's happening right now. Honestly had thought is going to be Canucks Penguins final.
I may be Looped on Thursday and Friday. Perhaps we can coordinate.
I agree.
being way too tired to be interested in thinking about being interested in thinking
math class end already, trying to watch this Cards vs Cats baseball game
... then again, the defending champions got swept... (by the Thunder, as well)
What a beautiful day to work 98th and Sage!
dtl2011 I believe that's the correct one
CANNOT believe u got swept by Colin on u got "dunk-faced" n "posterized" at same time
A year ago, you'd agree on a budget & then come back & give them a higher bill & they'd pay it. Doesn't work like that anymore-FILM PRODUCER
Had enough of this Wisconsin weather! It better go straight from 30 to 80 degrees real quick!!
Travel deals in Maryland, Colorado and Switzerland | www ...
Let's dance together , party together - uhh ! Its the lyrics song . Hahha ! <3
Lauren's sister Miss Ginger moved into our complex. You need to come visit. Asap
Cheering in the movie theater....way to go Ibanez!
GO GIANTS!! WE WON!!! IN YOUR FACE DAD!!!!! 21-17 #WINNERS!
Wow ok so I like him and he likes me but then he goes for a different girl. :/
In less than 24hrs it goes down AGAIN! Blue Mirror $10 ALL NIGHT!
Yes. Support bigpic conceptual thinking/making pragmatic connections on the ground. They found me, were happy accidents in life
I currently have sciatica shooting down my right leg. When did I get old...and how can I reverse it???
I'd stop by, but I've got a deadline! RT : pretty sure I'm sitting right below you if you're in the media suites.
Don't hate, participate.That doesn't mean take.And PLEASE don't have the audacity to hate then turn around and present the idea as your own.
no problem man!
Wish they had rescued a #dog. :(
So, Cormac McCarthy is the best ever, right? I'm not alone in this?
Thursdays Twitter special is get a free appetizer with the purchase of any entree. Just mention that you saw the special on twitter!
if u want to I will. I don't really care
#fridayreads Orlando by Virginia Woolf. N it's god, too :)
Good practice junior girls! Were gonna wreck the seniors!!
Closed LONG $AUDUSD for -43 pips loss; 13% of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 93% SHORT
I now understand why plays on her phone before getting up every morning.
good ass sunday
Is it considered bad manners if a deaf person talks in sign language with their mouth full of food? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0090><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A3><U+261D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0084>
Rock and Cucumber ~ square one cucumber vodka/ Rock Saké Junmai Daiginjo/ fresh lime juice
do you have any family in the leawood area, older gentleman, same last name, has lake property on the ozarks? hit me back
won three games in four hours(:
follow back :)
Yeah lol sorry! I'll make up for it the 22nd
Don't complain; God already knows your pain.
You know I love you but you are so crazy idk where you get all that energy from! Haha you are a handful.
Happy New Year.
I love riding the face.
Thank you, you'll receive 50% off your next visit!
Who has "the package"!? Isn't this the second part of "Trapped in the Closet!?...I'm so lost...
im 16 lbs smaller/lighter now!
Hope to see on tour!
My bike racing season starts in two hours.
Can't you hear the snow ?!
re: takeout. No tip unless the tip is for the generally good quality of food and service
it absolutely does. The lending lib is great, but month restrictions make me more likely to buy sequels
At night when I am just hanging out in bed
~yes he is a stalker.
Poor Davids Pub on Thursday Jan 26 Dallas TX Melody Guy!!
Attending the visual literacy session at betascape. The success of your mobile app will depend on good design. Attend a class, now!
Time for haircut. Waiting for next char. It's like a doctors office here.
Heading to Chili Max with RevKev. Bring it, Holy Week!!
i know the same thing is going on with me. I cant stop worrying about something that i shouldn't even care about anymore
groovy. so is that #classreunion3 date now or just a stop by thing? also, mifflin is on cinco de mayo this year fyi.
DOES ANYONE KNOW .. ANYONE WERE THE BOYS ARE STAYING ON MAY 25TH? OMG
is so beautiful omg
great job tonight! stay true to who you are, who God made you to be. Blessings! What a platform to be salt and light!
All NM State employees in ABQ and Santa Fe on 2-hour delay. More weather coverage on www.krqe.com.
Email server at work is down -- all is lost, all is lost!
Happy #FatTuesday everybody! Seeing girls with beads at 11am today really makes you question their morning routine...
I got my T-Shirt and my Panties on...waiting for you!!! O biten my lips ready to ova flow!!
congratulations lady! You rock!
Just made hamburgers at 2am nbd
Love is the foundation from which your decisions about your life should be made. Darren L. Johnson
&& I'm so heeled up right now I can't even talk to you.!
Bretta..signing off..but wanted to thankyou for the new info..love twitter..everyday I learn something new from tweeps:)
Dinner later on with the family >>
I am weary of anyone who has the same beliefs and/or unchallenged beliefs from when they were children.
Everyone get serious and start following Russell Brand "RustyRockets"
I just met a grandmother who knows AutoCad.
thanks Marissa! “: #FF great consulting groups doing awesome things in both of my industries!”
im saying this is a legit team lmaoonwe should start a packers blogsite real talk
Had a good class in Law & Econ. last night. Maybe to hard on the Contracts students. However, professionalism should be table stkaes.
Digging the pun man, haha! Thanks for listening!
can't wait to get everything all done and online! WOOT!
We spend more per capita on health care than any country in the world -- more than $8,000 per person --and yet we are ranked only 36th. WHO
Why are mini candy bars so delicious? They are mini so they have no calories, right? Right.
Yeah! I should have a try! :-D
Thanks for following ! Have a great evening :-)
What a beautiful mess im in <3
today is my saturday....so much to do!
“: Are you guys enjoying the episode?...did you like #WMYB ..??...#1DND” Awe look a my last tweet
you go girl ! Loll
The city of Chicago freakin sucks with these red-light tickets! Now I have to pay $100 ticket<U+E11A>
Yes, the apparent increase in frequency is what really sets off alarm bells.
Hi welcome to #sommchat. Q: what are the best recent vintages for dry Rieslings?
Who has Instagram?? I'll follow you(:
Congrats on three years!!
I don't know the man & I don't know his motives. Therefore, I don't trust him.
I now wish i had a photographic memory
i'm throwing calorie counting out the window today. i'm just eating what i want.
y'all got one heck of a deal on that property! Has anything changed?
What an insulting attempt at moderation. You aren't fit to moderate a kindergarten talent show.
foreal!! Do u
ahh missed the tweet
sad panda face =(
Could TV solve the glacial play on #PGATour by putting a press on the commish? i.e. we have scheduled programming, get it over with on time?
Gun shots to my dome jackers in my home Nothing to fancy just your average tombstone Im sorry that i chose the life under the curse
hey bud,can I get a copy of the photo of the meet greet?
it was so nice to meet and sip with you! Looking forward to rocking out at wine riot!
KP PR EVENTS & MARKETING would like to welcome Moro film productions.
I prefer Cinnamon Life, like CTC but less guilt.
We added to std 1: The info literate student is able to contextualize materials w regard to origin & other details of provenance.
It's 7:25 - GameDay is still telling me rain delay. What's the story? Help a girl with no YES Network out!
Today's K Atty tip: have a long #documentreview? Give your K attys a surprise raise to help sustain a positive attitude.
BTW for those looking for Hunger Games readalikes, I suggest Malorie Blackman's Noughts & Crosses series. Not identical, but akin, & good.
I cant keep my eyes focused i need my glasses :(
Please help me understand- why do so many people with very little disposable income spend it so haphazardly?
Good Morning!!! Its my Friday :)
I have a whole new appreciation for Benjamin Franklin after losing power last night...again. I <3 electricity
If you haven't seen the documentary Inside Job, please do! I learned so much about the what and how of this crisis!
oh i feel you
in other news, I'm Leigh Faith according to what I wrote on my last exam. I feel your pain now, strangers of the world.
Umm, can i watch Hustle & Flow without you two bitches talking through the movie?
Anniversary specials fri,sat,sun: $2 mochas,white mocha,lattes,chai...$1small coffee...$5 half pound flavored bulk coffee!!!!!!!!!!
If runners are looking for a team to join, where do they look?
Performing in riverside tomorrow! During service playing 2 songs and playing a full set in the cafe See you all there!
Pretty sure I have carpel tunnel in my hands...
What made you decide to go with that platform for your daily deals?
:: At the home of NFL prospect Kevin Zeitler. Phone rang during Bears "on the clock" period. Kid nearly had a heart attack. It was a friend.
I don't even need your love, now you're just somebody that I used to know
he tends to get around haha
Or I should say erotic writer?
students need encouragement more than instruction
The only guy a girl can depend on is her Daddy
<3 RT : Staying up late to read the preliminary program from that just arrived in my inbox.
Children today are tyrants. They contradict their parents, gobble their food, and tyrannize their teachers. ~Socrates
Sent. I gave you your own column for picks.
Happy birthday to one of my best friends!
working on #branding & client experience training videos all day, almost ready to jump into recording!
Forgot my glasses...
Hoes these days reckless
Woops. I TAKE THAT BACK.
Elite Fashion Academy LA is getting ready for its newest students!
"We are gonna get fucked up....I wanna come back in a body bag" -random guy on my floor... Uhm that's a lil too much for me
That angry moment when you're having an argument, and you realize you’re wrong. lol
Tweet Tweet! We're excited to get the conversation going on Twitter.
nothing makes my heart pitter-patter like the words "flash sale" from
human snot rocket
Out of main :((( didnt play very good and was unlucky today
Haha shaq and chuck crack me up!
I'm going to start a Video Blog. It's geared toward "dream chasers" and just the curious. If you have any questions/topics, pls send them.
and promotes a better digestive system in the child. Given the research on the digestive/nervous system connections, it really helps!
Hitsville is a beautiful work of art..
don't let her bother you, me & got your back! :)
That person that U put on hold and never tried to get back to my have had something life changing to say...
Thanks man.
The power of the P-U-S-S-Y That's why every mutha*ucka in the world dress fly...lmao
Smile like you mean it :3
I love the Lord.
Gorgeous day! The sun truly makes EVERYTHING better
#porncondomlaw "Its that damn porno that makes our kids have unprotected sex. Not the fact you can actually feel it. Cant be that"
Need to get my clothes from Philly. Been out Jersey suffering.
Couldn't agree with you more-- I am a sponsor of the #OPEN Act and oppose #SOPA strongly.
He he he. You have been drawn in by the lure of the twitter. You will never be the same.
“ "Hey Dirty, baby I got ya money dont ya worry I said hey" LOL I loved this song!”
RT “: I hate how spiders just sit there on the walls and act like they pay rent. -_-”. Lol
Ikr I accidently broke out in an English accent when speaking to a British man. He beileved my accent. Oh so gullible.
ughh worst day ever
I feel like I'm missing out on something. . . but I don't have any emails about it.
"behave" is such a subjective term...
Cold this morning AND downtown? Stop in at SCC-GA & say "hi" to Jen! Get yourself a Mint Meltaway to warm yourself up!
The rest of this weekend is gonna have to slow down
My phone going dead already
I don't give a shit. I'm about to loathe my timeline thanks to you
Never be dependent to anyone in this world because even your own shadow leaves you when you’re in darkness..
... but "expert" looking 2 wheels are given less clearance and treated more aggressively by car drivers.
Get rest b4 Euro tonite >RT : Doped up on nyquil...gota kick this cold! Bout to be K.O'd soon
i didn't, baby i was born this way. :'(
My favorite girl in Chicago got to meet my favorite Mexican actor today in LA. consumed with jealousy.
Stain Removal, Junk Removal, Spring Cleaning, Holiday decorations taken down, & Attic Cleanouts are all work we do!!!
goodmorniiing :) have an amazing day #mahomie <U+2665>
TUS <U+2708> PHX <U+2708> LAS Heading to the city we call Lost Wages for a few fun, productive days with my teammates.
That awkward moment when it's 11 at night and you're doing the weird Nicki Minaj voice and your mom walks in...
lol it's k and thanks :)
If you need a knee surgeon, I can recommend a great one. 2.5 weeks after knee replacement and I walked half a mile yesterday.
Thanks . Love the company that I keep...especially you, my friend!
worcester vibes
Trojans great season !!
Thanks for the follows everyone! Sorry I haven't been tweeting lately! 1 more until I have 80 followers!!!!
father's mad at the world....because we're gonna be about 4 minutes late for something totally not important...cool bro.
hi Diane, thanks for following! Love your 2 (or 43) cents!
Always exceptions, but we have to start somewhere. Ignoring rules creates resentment against cyclists from motorists
I'm going to bake some cookies <U+263A> to make this day sweeter.
going to a kids NYE party. Kids will ring in at 6:30. I will be in bed when ball drops. Partying like its 1978!
Other than lazy eyes of course.
You know I have to come support you. Always.
Analytics company. Claiming your lead is lying about where they live, and then being wrong. lol, talk about shooting urself in the foot
The problem with being a Gemini (read: insane) is that I.want to have my cake, on sale,.frosted,.gourmet and delicious and still eat it too.
& I just won't with a grande cookie crumble frap at :)
i'm just so happy that i have some gain dish soap as of tonight. what a wonderful scent, i would wear a perfume made by them.
It'd be awesome if the opening day for the Mariners wasn't at 3 in the morning
It was so dank!:)
Newt just used the word demogogic for the second time tonite.
But also God of War (not for kids, but great) and ICO/Shadow of the Colossus if you haven't played.
“: Arian Foster is improving but didn't practice today. I'd list him as doubtful. No official word until Friday.”
Sometimes you just get tired of always putting on that fake smile. It gets old.
a bro
Sometimes you gotta run away, to see who will chase after you.
Computer officially died. What now? No money.
Offer stands, if you don't mind big dogs. I can also offer some Brewers picture-in-picture action.
Better throw would have got him
No attribution?
Why don't people know how to act? Lexington has turned into a war zone apparently.Stop flipping and burning cars. It's embarrassing to
Happy Mothers Day (: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
My mom is so rude.
Let us know when you figure it out -- our resident blogger is at the ready!
New roasts! Mocha Java, Fireside, Indian Malabar Monsoon, Ethiopian Harrar, Colombian Swiss Water Decaf, & White Coffee!
Hi zendaya huge fan
Hope for the best Expect the worse
We're giving away a KEURIG BREWER! Twitpic us a photo of you at our new St. Rose & Eastern location for your chance to win! No purchase nec.
Score! Dryer #9 gives 10 minutes per quarter instead of 6. I'm easily amused.
the pain of life is invisible & all scars are visible, all wounds will healed in due time & all wings will eventually get stronger in time.
opening day only 1 week away
his arm is not broke, just sprained and pulled muscles
As an added incentive Bartab will be in the house and hooking up patrons with $1 Soco Shots, Blue Moon Drafts using the Bartab app.
Did you check in to get the Indoor at Outdoor prices to try out our amazing Indoor Climate controlled Facility?
Guys can deff fake sex... Who ever told u other wise lied to u...
I hate Dexter Fowler but I hate him even more now that he hurt Tulo. GDI! My fantasy team is jinxed this year!
I know go see your dm lol
don't forget about me to lol my bday also on Mikey bday! So excited turning 13 also
A groundhog sees his shadow today and it's like a national holiday...I see my shadow today and think 'This body is not ready for Speedos.'
Not sure which scholars are taking this on, but to me what's fascinating is the power fans & consumers have over vg content.
It's so funny when some of the girls hate when Mexicans sit in their section... they just know most don't tip good at all!! Lol
RT "I wanna win dinner for 2 on you, #RestaurantWeek"
Being in Downtown Chicago makes you feel like a celebrity!
Your heart, it felt good. It was drippin' with pitch and made of wood.
Actual Proof: Black Boy Radio Album!! Pick it up !
Dear Chase bank: I'm calling about a fraudulent transaction; think it's a good time to upsell me on overdraft protection?
DM Would there be interested in a story about engaging curriculum capable of making a quantum leap in learning?
“Two roads diverged in a wood and I – I took the one less traveled by.” – Robert Frost
i have never seen #madagascar 1 or 2...
We'll be at the Melissa & Kaye's Memorial 5K this Saturday at 9am! Stop by NTC Park at Liberty Station for fun and a great cause.
thank ya, lady!
that's all you gotta do
Hiring new interns this week! Can't wait to get the ball rolling on Fall promotions!
All I know is everybody loves me.
Make sure to like me on FB for sched, updates and more! FB.MeghanYoga.com
Thanks for the update Carlee. Just waking up enjoying the morning. We all love Carlee. At least I do. For 3 reasons. HaHA
Playing Tonight @ 12th and Porter, Round Starts @ 8:30 PM after that Chase Rice and Florida Georgia Line!!!!! Come Check It Out!!!
Im from the underground, the sewers my souvenir
Whoever plays smarter will win the Norfolk St. game...34.9 ticks left!
Bam Margera got in trouble over the weekend outside the Hogs & Heifers Saloon. He like punched a cab driver or something.
Hey u kno i heard those asians make love with cows.....u kno most of them r farmers....
''The only reason why you get facebook likes,it's because your profile picture is looking whorish''lmao,that made me laugh.
It's all about the kids Jay. RT : Nice Tostitos logo on Stanford and OSU unis. I'm sure it's all for their own good.
There's so much #opportunity out here these days...Yet u still don't try 2get it
Don't tell me what to do mom, I'm marrying a pizza with or without your blessings !
this semester is...challenging to say the least. having a hard time balancing personal time, friends, school, and sleep. school is losing.
u and me both! Maybe u can convince him to take me out to eat!! That will do ! Lol
Your getting me mad .
I need to go fill out more job applications.
Fight boredom: Give yourself alternatives to eating.
Listening online.....(:
Ever gone on a date with a woman whose missing some of her teeth?
FUCK YES!! us too :)
I've wanted to see that.
In a bar with a lot of filmmakers. It's great to be back in my element.
Follow for exciting updates like: "Item 26-FY2012-13 Budget for the Parks and Recreation Department is presented."
I wanted to tweet about the great oranges I got at Eastern Market, but then I realized I was enjoying a Werther's Original and am OLD.
bob #LIE false statement
congrats!! Well deserved!! So Sexy!
I'm not a hero. I don't have super powers. I'm not a superwoman. I'm just like everybody else.
'Office's Jenna Fischer 'wants Pam, Jim to break out from their jobs' - Digital Spy
thanks for the follow! Look forward to meeting you at #DEMO12!
If you need me, I will be at #millerpark!!! Go #Brewers !
2 convince yourself 2 THINK you're playing it "SAFE" when it comes 2 life's decisions only ENDANGERS u MORE to the consequences of
OMFG him.<3 I think I've seen him somewhere ...
so does the dj. :-D Or as we call them "the kids".
I'm amazed at how many damn parody accounts are on twitter these days.
Thanks for the support. You are definitely going to get a first-round bye.
I wish they were. I haven't had the pleasure of diving off a piece of construction equipment while it's moving.
Where can I watch the Flyers game on U Street, DC people?
“: MIGHT HAVE TO GO CHECK OUT JAZZ ON THE AVENUE TONIGHT” I'm hearing it's just plain fun!!!
Continue affinity with alums by announcing longtime dean retirement through video announcement.
I feel bad that I barely come on here /:
I'm with you.
“: is david on twitter??” No idea, but I will see you NYE.
thanks for the #FF love, sweetie!
Good morning buddy.
Today Only! ...to celebrate the final day of the 1st Annual Delray Beach Festival that WIDSIX was a part of, I'm taking 20% off websites, se
Nahh she poking holes!! Lol RT : If a female has her own condoms y'all assume she a hoe?
please check out some exceprts and tell me I am wrong. I maybe way off base or biased but I don't see it.
Thanks for the follow!
Finally saw tatie
I so are!
Will do. He just defended his dissertation. Yesterday. Cave research sounds awesome. Can't wait to hear more.
great quote. You will always be poor if your not grateful for what you have now.
Holy shit learning new dance moves w/fierce black gay boys on belmont. Now on my way to greektown
When a book ends just the way you want it to >
lick a dick a day
Clark Kent as Don Draper? My head is spinning with the possibilities.
kids smoking pot on the top of the stairs at holden and 20th ave sw, tried calling nonemergency contact but no answer
Playing wsop $1100 tourney in west palm today. Went on massive heater at starting table and already have 43k at 1-200 25 ante.
gone let it out
Prop 8 backers have standing to defend the initiative, at least under California law
Praying for you this weekend. Your faith and hard work is paying off. Do your thing and go get your "coins".
You guy are my all time favorite band all of your songs are fantastic hope you'll be coming to Chicago sometime soon
EXPERT OPINIONS NEEDED desperately: How Sustainable is Nuclear Power for Rural Colorado? Please weigh in, NOW!
That's right, I called you guise Muggles~ But I love all of yew~
Im so appalled, i might buy the mall , just to show yall how much more i have in store.......
If you're starting early with not eating meat, you can come have our baked four cheese Mac.
Right on,
that sounds like a perfect place to celebrate!
Not a Madonna fan !
Everyone has their mysterious side, which can only be discovered by people who are close enough to them.
I have an itch to start watching #GilmoreGirls again!
u r up early today!?
"always disrespected plus i'm not well connected" ... "swagger not impressive, man i'd love a necklace"
I don't think I've ever tweeted with you :( where are you from? Lol
you know I got you
How pissed is T.O. that Randy Moss can get a tryout, but 81 can't?
in Rockville and know what "no salt" means! Finally some good food.
TONIGGGHHHHHYTTTTTTT WE ARE YOUNG~~
hating ass nigga
absolutely joining you. lifting her up right now.
after 5 consecutive k's, who wouldn't have seen that coming?!?!??
Thank you for all you do! :O)
NEVER worth my time I feel
L.O.V.E IS SCARYY
*smiles* I am great
sweet! Want to meet at the Starbucks on penn & memorial @ 7 or so? Checked out your vids. They're hilarious! Great job dude!
Thks. That's right! We are giving full scholarships to 100 low-income people. Org scholarships are also available.
I should probably teach myself how to be a Facebook Developer
Twisting Thursday night at The Hilltop Steak House Rt 1 Saugus, Ma. from 5:30-8:30 Pm. Twisting Holiday Balloons!
THANK U I JUST WANT HIM BETTER AND AT HOME
Dr Lupo is pleased to welcome Dr Christin Hurt to the practice. Dr Hurt is from Garston Ala and is the proud mother of James born July 5th.
Shooting was great my last day on GABRIEL. Now, I'm looking for the next gig. Any ideas?
It's so beautiful outside that I should really take advantage of it but I'm just enjoying the peace and quiet right now.
cattin ass nigga Smh “: He begging....told yall I was gone make him beg”
BTW your understanding of commodity markets gets your usual failing grade # flsen
Well the #Lakers will now definitely have World Peace for all of the WC semis
#tedxhuntsville great opening even though it was not planned.
the high powered Patriots offense is on the board
You guys are too much fun hehe :) Please tell Mrs. TribLocalPat I said hello. Happy early bday! Enjoy!
I'll finish watching The Vow tomorrow.. I'm so tired
Ok, now people are following me...guess I'll have to start tweeting!
Good Q - where are we going if our culture is spending so much time on "fun".. while China is busy developing engineers?
I'll bite....I'll follow the ' vator. No longer a 0-0-0 on the Twitter home page.
I think we're on to something!!!
We're back in now! Electrical fire, evidently.
South park time!!!!
sorry. Crashed like a ton of bricks :) Brian.r.hough at gmail works for me. Thanks again!
#endthefed <<<< get this book by
Wow ! love this RT I choose not to entertain ignorance. It lives of response and dies with silence™
same here. i'll work on it
Ain't even sleepy no more..
Marriage always demands the greatest understanding of the art of
In line for Bruce Springsteen at the HP Pavillion in San Jose!
Having a giggle with face-to-face! Yay for Wisconsin visitors!
So loud :(
#brooklynhalf check...humid as heck but well worth it!
"The chastisement for our peace was upon Him, And by His stripes we are healed." Isaiah 53:5
Q7 where the wild things are is the first book i remember getting and loving as a child #libchat :(
Long weekends always go by so fast!
I hate bandwagon fans.
I loved that book. Has it been banned from all decent society? I haven't seen it in so long.
RT : Aw...what can I say, love you guys! #clarkcsmcansaveyourday // LOVE that hashtag, maybe it'll trend?
I love you so much :)
Girls are sitting at the dinning room table, each with a laptop chatting away like crazy...so nice to have them all here at once.
such a dumb end! I loved the first one and now I'm pissed
The moment someone tells you your not good enough, is the moment you know your better then them
maybe we should mandate martial arts classes, as you have to learn how to tie a belt there.
never allow anyone to drag you so low as to make you hate, for hate destroys finally the hater.
retweets weren't enough, wanted to offer direct congrats as well. Great group of investors you landed there.
is having a 6 flight wine tasting or only $6 tonight fom 7-9p.m.
Everyone has that one friend that is TERRIBLE at Draw Something.
“: "I BEEZ in the trap but i don't LIVES in the trap" lol I'm going home to my king size bed and food in the fridge, yo!
yeah, just to see how to put on make up because I don't know how, lol. yes :) <3 that another month o: what? <U+2665>
Shower, pj`s then playing guitar. . .thats just simply great
Can't wait for House Republicans to investigate #ozzieguillen too...been a while since they tried their hands at politics of division in Fla
Thx for adding me
Wow. Its Thursday all ready.
Thank you to for quick help with a license question!
OMGOMG me me me me !!! ME
Enjoying private show from and The Living Room Sessions
the Jefferson Dancers have just given a stunning performance and tribute dance... Come Join US!!!
use it haaha
Chamomile calms allergies! It's flavonoids act like antihistamines, especially if you drink daily. -Journal of Ethnopharmacology.
I hope you are getting us some video contestants!! We hope to see you later today.
Big GREEN plans this weekend for #EarthDay? Looking forward to hearing more about home-grown eco-zibit, "Green Revolution."
Did I know? used to work 4 a famous child molesting clown.
Say what?
are u the first one rapping
I want some of that food I make last nite
wrote it but we both thought of what to say :)
Adrian Gonzalez
Former George Rogers Clark standout Vinny Zollo granted his release from WKU. ...
She said I gotta calm down on my perverted comments, I told her I say what people scared to say and thats honest!
Do us proud, RED!
One of my faves - another one I love that I forgot.
A granola just asked why I drive a gas guzzling SUV. Told her it's to pull my gas guzzling boat.
#SaySomethin IS AMAZING .. IT'S PURE PERFECTION , I LOVED IT <3 #SOPROUD Of How Far You've Come (;
Retweet if you like Uconn Basketball!!!
I'm so sick of being so nice and I still get treated like shit ! It isn't right . But you'll learn when I walk out your for good .
I was about to tell you the truth, good thing I didn't. I have no idea how you would've reacted.
We always scoin
Same paper, two headlines: "Greenland Glaciers Speed Up and Swell Rising Seas" and "Greenland's Ice Melting More Slowly Than Expected."
Headache, stomach hurts, lazy day. Today isnt my day
I recently learned to keep Kleenex in your purse so you don’t have to use a clean diaper to wipe your running nose during a sad movie.
Success is going from failure to failure without a loss of enthusiam ~ Winston Churchill
Just won tix to from which means we have a delicious weekend in our future!
yeahh been had one
#Denver is fucking beat
can't wait no previews
50 cent natty lights at Crazy Lils until 101
#incaseyoudidntknow i hate birds with the sickest passion, they scare me.
pls ask how he plans 2 put America back 2 work
Every time I look into my rear-view mirror, all I see are faces...
I don't disagree w/you re: Klout. Very different than the first rule of Fight Club, which is not to talk about Fight Club...
If only creeped up on me, THIS VERY SECOND . . . hmm.
Cashing in my pay check after school!
meant hay but Ur welcome gay brother
#priorities. RT : I need Chapstick and an attitude adjustment.
I just wish esquire or GQ could do ONE more article on jeans. A three page spread per issue on pants seems low.
about to change my twitcon
When will you follow me? ;)
Holy crap, I slammed like 6 of those jammers last night. I can't handle how good it is!
Have you started your holiday shopping? Give the gift of Daily Grill! For every $50 in gift cards you purchase you’ll receive an extra...
Have you reached out to someone and shown appreciation for them today? What you send out is what you get back!
I admire your courage in speaking up. You did the right thing.
my brain hurts
In my best Yoda voice: Blessed, I be!
Awesome detour to Michigan Lake!!
HERES TO ALL Its funny how; The one person you'd take a bullet for...Tends to always be the one behind the gun.
DVD Review: Hey Arnold! (Season 2, Part 1) - Inside Pulse
I hate when I sleep over somebodys house and I'm the first one to wake up .
Wine tasting at my clients amazing winery #Qupewinery! Great day for to taste amazing wine, minus the allergies.
Let's do this.
WATCH NOW: vs #CentralMichigan with SL TV online and Comcast Indiana 81 ... Also live in Michigan with Comcast ... Tweet us!
but i don't think it matters cause like dia is doing well from last year, ceelo will do something with her i'm sure
[con't]...Gianfranco Grande, and bouncing back from financial problems with Len Shankmen from Emerald Cty Thtr! Exciting stuff!
AVENGERS ASSEMBLE!
It's sad that I can't, in good faith, promise people I will never lick their face.
It's always such a great class!
u reworded my words
u hae a question. how exactly does a person get signed to a label like this
hit the club like where was all the hoes at?in a lil change you gon’
I'm loving how the are looking right now with and Boris Diaw.
About to meet my boy TYG we gettin it in...we shininnnnnn
you ain't about it i'll take you out!
i don't even know how i'm going to get everything done before school
What happened?
Pizza Rolls >>>
If you haven't already, subscribe to the We Are Bitter Sober youtube channel: www.youtube.com/user/wearebittersober
Just an early heads up: We'll be closed May 26, 27, & 28!
who fought?
take your business idea and run with it! ideawf.com
Thanks for the #FF love!
No question that we have a new champ.
Your best features is:
#stm2012 example of big data in scientific discovery: large hadron collider; have a very structured data plan
goin to least 5 out of the homestand depending on my check tomorrow
I hate to be the bear of bad news, but I am going to win the Mega Millions tonight! So that means we can but more salvage to sell!
Again the question: "Who should own social media in an organization?" and again I say "everyone - hence the term 'social'."
Let's make this last foreverr
ROFLMAO!!! I saw her name pop up last night, somebody said for
Keep it up #USA!
they spend all day dicking around on social networks instead of fixing their crap.
... Other fans yelled with you " let's go clippers lets go" or you rather yell by yourself while the other fans just clap?
Both of our students auditioning made it into the Grammy award winning Performing Arts High School, Las Vegas Academy.
Lunching on Lemonheads.
like whoa.
Tell that it's turkey chorizo and he freaks out. Tell him it's turkey sausage with taco seasoning and he thinks it's yummy.
RT : An idea unrecorded is an idea often lost. Zig Ziglar
Great to meet you at the event last night Matt! Talk to you soon! :-)
Going to walk my daughter to school. Great to enjoy the morning air. Lets start the day right.
this song is going to be like 10 min long cause of this speech im putting in it.
Its been a minute! School had been getting the best of me-- almost through finals, thanks goodness!
Apparently there was a very intense soccer game that was just on...my parents and little brother are all in tears O_____o
Your tweets about #expeditionhewitt are so poignant! #middleschool division head rocks!
Happy 235th Birthday, America!
I thought it felt hot outside yesterday while doing yardwork. Then today I find out it was 105 pinche degrees. ¡QLC!
Style come with excellence and money make benevolence, Irrelevant for the fuckers who never been intelligent
Miami needs to step up
aim to get 25% of your calories from protein (if you eat 2,000 calories a day, that's 500 from protein)
Oh you
I simply cannot catch a break today.
Yea!!!!!! Doumit bitches!
Stressed. Walked to the store to get cigarettes after four weeks smoke-free. Got to the front door. Forgot my wallet.
yep going to be a big year for Sly
Rod #Blagojevich is now in prison
“: We're excited about using behavioral science and technology to facilitate communication.”
yayyy Alexis might be coming back<3
I think my head just exploded
yeahh. Maybe. We'll see (x
The Avengers with !
MT : Opposition to urban density means opposing transit, walkability, affordability, climate action, sustainability+ health.
Mike Posner tonight !! My guest list is filling up quick!!!!
Haven't been tweeting as much as I had planned at #AERA2012... So much going on; so little time to tweet.
Not happy with #costumealibi for not deelviering my Peter Griffin mask in time. Sure glad I dropped the extra $10 to get it in time.
Let's do this!!
Miss me when I'm gone, but take advantage of me when I'm around? Fuck you.
Now I'm oficially goin' to bed testing tomarrow need sleep
we'll see. It might work out.
That'd make sense.
R U drinking iced tea in summer? It has caffeine, which can make u feel bloated
Hey folks, glad to be following back! Hope all is well across the seas!
just wanted to say happy birthday before it's over I hope u had a great one and I heard u were turnin 32 please you look like 25
Better man up Russ, because she ain't getting a green card from me, provided you didn;t have to renounce US status :P
just nominated someone for the Perfect Recipe: The Republic Square Fellowship - who are you recommending?
Eleven years. Hmm...sounds like what happened with Charlaine Harris. That's how long it took her.
No you pose to keep the money
Woke up to another great day
We have a contest going on right now on our fb page- simply write a fan review to enter to win a $50 gift card! Random drawing is on Wed.
Headed to the Flogging Molly show in Denver. If you see a guy stumbling around naked, wrapped in nothing but the Irish flag, come say hey.
Burning the midnight oil, finishing up some tshirt designs for Hawaii For Jesus &
(Celebrities) Share With Friends: | | Top News - Celebrities Stories , RSS and RSS Feed via Feedzilla.
What is that jenna? High school hahaa
we cant wait for the puppies either!
I don't blame Barajas for getting tossed. He's been around long enough to know that the 0-2 pitch was a strike.
my sister died, so this was my wake up call. I hope this wasn't how you 'got it'. <hugs>
has pretty eyes :) !
Q8 inherited libthing catalog for my library but plan to migrate away from it this year since it doesnt have enough functionality
i'm looking at people i used to know just settling. i refuse to settle, not until i establish myself. sorry (but not really).
Now double your money and make it stack
thanks for the favorite!
Lmao it sure does o_O RT : lol that soundz like a relationship to me there you go B
that looks SO wrong :/
In other news WATSON to ASIK. #Bulls clinging to one-point lead with seven seconds left.
More time than money
Aw I work at dominicks.
WOOW. Ive been looking at other #arianators followers and the have an average of 3,000! You go #arianators!! Good for you <3 :)
I thank the Lord above for all the blessings he has granted me with this year in life! Especially my beautiful GF I love you!!
I see a Snickers commercial coming out of this.. RT : congregational meeting...still going strong. I should have brought a snickers.
And another: Life is like a ten speed bicycle. Most of us have gears we never use. Charles M. Schulz
I wish I was living back In the day when there was less gays, less violence, better music and when people just be who they are.
I feel that it's going to be Colton. I dunno.
Standing by Dave Navarro at the RollingStone party. Janes Addiction, holy shit!
Jonez best bet of the day: Montana +$350 vs Wisconsin.
Happy Digital Learning Day #DLDay. What are you dong in your library today?
#ff YEAH That goes for a big WHO O P T' lol
ah the price of "free"
Caleb, Thalia, Julius & u guys. Something for everyone. End of May. Plus lots b4 then. Will let u know. Wld LOVE to see those kids!
Santana the great how's it going this morning gym shoe, home skillet
shout out to , the cookout was really nice!
Putting sunscreen on certain parts of your body because your skin tone is uneven
To truly know the world, look deeply within your own being; to truly know yourself, take real interest in the world.~Rudolf Steiner
Sad to see legislators like , , and leave. We need more reasonable people like them serving in the
tweeting from the moonbase
I miss the sunshine!
U got the s**t that someone would look for but can't find !!!!!!
that was a pretty big shock the day you walked in w no beard I didn't even know it was you!!
I wish people looked like their personalities.
Wow, that is a mess! Curious to see how it affects beer connoisseurs' beverage decision making...
Y did my uncle Just pop in a tape in his radio ??????
how are ya Chad, should have that dvd to you late August!
Judging by your profile, I think you will enjoy #TheNightCircus. Persuasion by Jane Austen is an oft-overlooked goodie.
I have been charged with livetweeting the comments of my profs from ENGL 3830. I'll do my best.
are we ever going to subscribe to podcasts through Zune on our xbox?
My avi shows my dream school and dream girl
I don't know why you get an email confirming your un-subscription.
Anyone going to see at / Turner on Thursday night?
Half price tickets to see Jon Faddis!Offer valid Wed, April 25th & Thur, April 26th, the 10PM shows only.Get tickets online, use code “BATW”
screamin my name
#SomeoneIWantToMeet and all the b/c they inspire me to do what I love and are my heros <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
thanks and glad you enjoyed it!
I feel like 65% of white girls have finger toes.
Brewers announcer Brian Anderson is in St. Louis today. He is announcing the Cardinals / Braves game on TBS.
Had a good night :)
well who doesn't like their home teams? thats just dumb!
Posting under the table from your date?
"On a scale from one to Chris Brown, how pissed off is he?"
beeker is so egotistical he's always me me me...
Woohoo! See you then Diane :)
you asking for all these sketchy ass motha fuckas to call you and just sit there an breathe deeply into the phone lol
wat goes around comes around
Yey! Our students work with local non profits to create new, original digital media. We'll keep you in the loop!
its such a beautiful day outside, i believe i will celebrate by doing nothing out by the pool!! :)
Getting ready to sport the jersey in the #Fowler tourney... #beer and #curling ... What could go wrong?
How about , St. John's Booksellers, Annie Blooms, Broadway Books?
I hate girls lol
You hate that I smoke but ur the reason why I get high.
morning GORGEOUS
Let's go, beat OSU
I want shout outs lol :p
Currently, students are enjoying their incentive movie. They earned the movie if they had less than 3 missing assignments or refocuses.
what are you making for them?
For the love of Pete 8th grade gym teachers, why, oh why do you torture the children with dance at the end if the year.
Look out for these clowns, biting your style
word up
Thank you, dearest Holly--just wish we'd had more time together at the conference!! xoxo
I have my Honors Banquet at 5:00 so I can talk:) Whats up guys??:]
A hundred mfers couldn't tell me nothin I beez in the trap beez beez in the trap
Out and about with my brother hope he take me shopping :)
So I just cracked this dudes back windshield with a rock cause him and his friends wanted to be dumb. Not even sorry either lol
Listen.i cant follow more people till more follow me. Help a man out.
follow me punk
I refuse to be anyone but me!
That look on a student's face when you present something in class that touches her heart....
I just got an email from He may have been proposing. I'm not sure. But the answer is yes.
LAST DAY OF SCHOOL
Yeaah. i followed.
followed :P
yes! Do you have any? I get 5 minutes :)
Am I that old? RT : Today 3 years on Twitter: , and
Kris Humphries says he's a positive thinker. And thanks to Kim Kardashian, he's now a positive tester.
I once had a Spanish teacher who made us practice reading English aloud accord to Spanish orthography rules. (eg /rroolays/)
Is that sarcasm I detect?
oh hell no! Get that ish off my timeline!!
for whatever reason I feel that deepdown, the Katz benching is not an on the field issue, rather a Riley trust-and-taste issue
Watching Signing Time DVDs because i'm bored........
Good Morning! Remember to turn negatives into positives. Focus and let the bigger picture develop.
Just Tweeted Justin 100 times hopefully he reads one of them
RT : on 6:40 am to chat about thousands of riders gearing up in support of Lung Association
thanks Netflix
...And we're back...! Brace yourself 2012. Here we come!
Been up since 4:30am. Have a cold, already went to CVS for meds and McD's for tea. In office before 7am. Lights off, no one else here. Fml.
#UPCFallConcert HEY LUPE AND GIRL TALK!! :) SHOUT OUT TO WARNER PATTERSON!! :) EAR EAGLE!!! :) SEE ME
Happy New Year to you! May 2012 be a fantastic year.
what kind of shit.
don't do what???
A HS student went out of her way for a prom proposal- she put cups in a fence along a Mass. Pike overpass to spell out the msg
That slow motion shot of Rod running down the first base line was ... Uh, not flattering. To say the least.
Portland for 3 days? Yeah, i'm okay with this.
Lol I told you.
My prayers are being answered!!!
Was in the "Microsoft Store" in Scottsdale. Finally a place where you can buy Microsoft products.
Messiah "sing-in" tonight in Mason, OH with !
oh goodness. that doesn't sound awesome.
Me too! It would be fun to go!
~ Sober girls around me are actin like they're drunk
Great question since there r already plans n the works 4 a completely new/renovated Rupp which surely include new locker rooms.
I just hope & pray people don't come at Jolly w all kinds of proposals. He needs to concentrate on recovery right now
It's always such a fun day, we're excited too! RT It will be a great time! I'm really excited
you are a goddess.
#IHateWhen the days go by slowly #hurry :(
my grandad is buying me a camera.....like the one he got.... YES!!!!!!!!! sings "all my life i prayed 4 something like u" lol
You would have gotten free tuition? At Western you get a 4.0 for the semester, but they were getting that money.
Hilarious! At Panera & place is packed bc nobody has power. Man brought power strip & woman just bought it off him so we can all stay juiced
Is anyone interested our knows of anyone interested on picking up a GSO turn today Duty In at 2..trying to get to work all flights delayed
I just can't help loving my logo.. LOVES IT!
like you didn't enjoy the ride.
Off to portrait session 1 of many this week! :D
Prosecutor asking for 20yr Prison Sentence
It's like an Erdos number, only different.
is your name Benjamin ? Is your name Franklin ?
Tomorrow, April 1, is my one year anniversary of quitting smoking!33 years I smoked! Now clean for 1 solid year!YEAH!!
No joke, my friend. He's producing a reboot and is attached to star as of now.
Agree! RT : T4: I think it's easier to speak on a panel. Others are there to back you up or supplement the topic.
sharing how sponsorship supports who says he couldn't train without it
saw Adam in bmore. Good episode. Makes me want to drive up 95 and visit!
you do the fullest
What up Houston!
thank u storm for knocking out the power....
Oh art history is digital technology REALLY such a problem, you've been OBSESSED with slides for years, is it SO hard to move on?
- takes one to know one. :-)
NOBODY TELL ME WHAT HAPPENED ON GLEE!!!!!!!!!!! I fell asleep half way through the first episode during a commercial:/
Tweets will be added soon
Thanks Matt! Dig your local mix, btw...
Have I told y'all lately about ? He's great!
If winning isn't everything, why do they keep score? ~ Vince Lombardi
Tempted to decrease, increase, or fudge a number? Bring value & always win. Lie & your reputation is lost.
Nice play by Jake Ryan!!
Thanks for the RT! How's your Monday going?
i'm being stalked ! & i know it . i'm calling the police next time.
watching enjoy wearing his hooters gear just a little too much
good man, thanks for asking. The baby is due June 12. I coach little league baseball and it's just been nonstop.how about you?
History was made today: attended the Mariners' game & saw my hometown White Sox pull off a perfect game. And met new friends: a perfect day!
Both are great, as long as you are investing in yourself. However, online education is very helpful for busy people!
haha I'll drink one for ya!
Avery Bradley in lots of pain with his shoulder, goes straight to the locker room.
Im not rich but I live for this.
Totally thought this Sunday was Mother's Day. I was British for a second there.
has the Brewers game on all screens tonight Game time specials $2.00 PBR's tall boys, $2.00 miller lites and schlitz.
how was I inlove with her?
Goodmorning twitterworld! I'm so high right now and it aint off weed; a schoolgirl with butterflies. Its been a long time and I welcome it<U+2665>!
Hey isaiah lewis, montee ball says hi!
where you at in the clutch Kobe? Mavs are about to get the sweep
fool where were you !
Ball so hard
i need to see if Xfinity will have it...they better!!! :)
VIP section in the church?
Today is the oldest you've ever been and the youngest you'll ever be.
stop the looking through your fingers. You look stupid.
How's Clara? Playing funky bass too?
is gonna give me 10$ to come tomorrow
Bogus Ad: "Mayor Barrett you said this election is about jobs" After Today's Job #s Scoots, Damn Straight...Damn Straight IT IS!
I am so torn between a WAC happy hour on Wed and the LOFT opening party. Conundrums.
I vote (Cap Hill), (Beacon Hill) and (Ballard - too far?). Where else?
i hate it when someone copies my tweet
im good thanks luv just being busy as usual. How about you?
between linkedin and facebook, you'd think that tech was the only industry that mattered in the US right now
i do understand that
Mother's Day BBQ with my second fam.... yum!
Can't the world tell that I'm just NOT interested in ANYONE right now ;__; I just need my baby to come back home.
Packers get back 4 Christmas. Let's hope Clifton, , & Pickett give them belated gifts w playoff returns.
you don't have kids to feed. You got it kush fool
Merry Christmas twitter!!!!
Man.....Bill Russell is one of the most overrated NBA players ever
bahahahaha. It might be a little odd for me to have a poster on my wall. Who knows what my parents would say. Lol
i heard you're doin you, you heard i'm doin better
Welcome our newest Bearcat recruit, !! We're excited to have you!!
Gosh darn it! I should pay attention to the weather! Just flashed everybody my bum in ! Stupid wind!
Just living isn't sufficient. One must have sunshine, freedom, plus a little flower.
There are three good games in week 1 of the 2012 season. The rest are duds.
Great talk by at #tcamp12 on power of
Ladies get Your Hair conditioned, Blown OUt & Styled for this weekend only $30! 702-823-4800. Men Get a Cut & Shampoo for $20
Think quality #PR or #design services are too expensive? Consider the costs of skimping or going without.
Nuggs need to push the pace & go for broke to get back in this game
I'm good thanks
& did it screw #robertgriffinIII draft pos? did it lower rams prospects 4 bountiful draft via trading pick.
All THATcampers should get desert at Franklin Fountain. You will not be sorry.
I love but he never notices me, Oh well there's alot of people that dont notice me but #LifeIsLife so we all gotta deal with it!
We'll get you next time! But we're doing that bourguignon I just posted, and we may be doing something awesome for dinner too!
Happy Saturday. Cheers!
Tired of tollation? Call your state representative and let them know that new toll rate increases on turnpike are wrong.
welcome to parenthood :)
Watched World Series while culling Bloglines feeds before export. Again tonight. Nov 1 deadline.
Looking fwd to our all AMB mtgs this WED and THURS, as well as getting new ambs at the end of this wk. Be safe out there in the ice!
Why do wierd lookin girls have big asses... I want a big ass!
bs why would the year of our lord be when he was 4?
What happened?
Note to self: watch how close the chipotle rub is before taking a deep breath *cough*wince*
I'm a Peets girl, myself. There's one in Hillcrest.
Doctors taking your money just bc they can...do you not make enough already?
Si! Via con margarita!
Finally started Freakonomics.
ESPN or NFL Network?
same to you. I really appreciate you taking the time to talk with us. Have a great night. Go
I feel you. Lol RT : I'm single chasing a dream
Happy Birthday, John Lennon.
This fool needs to stop looking at me. I hate nosy people.
This weekend has been absolutely amazing..
Well at least I have him to cheer me up. ;*
Now I'm watching Horrible Bosses
In Q+A: Pratt on trouble proving '1 drop' of Indian blood: blacks' other ancestries erased by law, which constructed them as 'negro'
Aww-!! Have a great time Laurel-! Hartland for the day to help get ready for prom!
Thank you much!
follow the account i actuallu use. or
Police have arrested a 16 year old male in connection of the attack of 2 reporters
sounds a lot easier to dip in syrup and put on after, otherwise you'll end up with Funfetti!
that awkward moment when you look outside your window and see someone run out of your driveway and get in a car.....WTF.
thank you =)
It's already noon?? It feels like 11.
How did you do at #CMM?
Isn't it discrimination if a landlord won't even let you look at an apartment because she's "looking to rent to someone older"?
Easter Treat: 10% off all your Family Rentals the entire month of April. Just give us a call! How can we help?
RT Eating an orange at Apple. Well this is awkward. He's the top banana. Guess he can eat what he wants...
wait what
green with envy, sir lol
we will just have to wait and see (;
Woo hoo! The silent auction raised over $1000 for !!! Way to go Seattle!
curious why you need to fundraise. Given flannel's success, sales, licensing, how is it you're unable to bear production cost?
i'm home! i'm home! i'm home! i'm home! i'm home! #kissingthegroundinypsi :)
That's a foul on the other end! Wtf!
Check out This is my favorite vegan blog, iphone app, & cookbook ever!!
digg: The amazing story o… | The Party Crasher – In The News
Anytime lady!
C'mon, parents. Let your kids drink real milk, none of this soy silliness. Unless there are allergies in play, of course.
why is it stressful? :c
RT : I just signed up for my first ever banjo class. Way to go, Janeen!
Hanging out with listening to rough mixes Can't wait for the record to be complete!
#FF shining shutterbugs
Alisha, love, depth, loyalty, and faithfulness
i really dont care at this point lol i stopped waqtching like forwever ago
We are half way through October, that means we are almost to Halloween! Tell us what you are going to dress up as this year!
Gonna have a house guest these weekends .... Can you ever be to nice?!
#retweet ~> : To the #moms Happy Morhers Day!
what do you think about chad?
I can't beathe right now. The worst directionator in my school got One Direction tickets for the show in 6 days. I'm about to cry.
Arastu's realization. Skid row exists but it doesn't have to
Glad you notice :) RT : Kinda cool to hear the diversity of ur audience with each topic.
how ironic because that's what his head looks like now
Too much pressure on D Howard
Sounds delicious! Great picture :)
So happy! Just found out I got a job at Apple! Next semester is gonna be wonderful.
Dear : If you don’t have time to write new stuff for your show, and have to resort to reading NYT editorials, at least say so…
Its okay! :D
we'll see if u think about when the garlic kicks in lol
#GoodNight Sweet Dreams or Beautiful Nightmares #Work in the a.m.
I've probably already made more Google+ faux pas than when I mistakenly "poked" everyone I knew upon joining FB in college. #Google+
Uhh yeah uhh. YOU SUCK... Yankees all motherfucking day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Please help!! I can't stop watching!!
Finally out the dungeon!!
you are so sexy :3
true love can last a lifetime!
What sort of clothes would those be? RT : Matloff: don't wear clothes that mark you as press… You'll make yourself a target.
u not following me yet mama!
Beavis and Butt-head back soon. Priceless!
Y'all go checc out #CSARADiO !! New music from me
#30RockLive was freaking amazing. I love: Jon Hamm; ; ; Tina Fey; Jon Hamm again. And AMY POEHLER.
“: Paul having a terrible series”--Why don't you give credit the Spurs for him playing bad? Be honest!
Rangers vs Caps? Lakers vs Nuggets? Heavenly.
Broke up via Text. Im lame but he shoulda picked up. F-it. I wasnt boutta keep waiting on change.
Seriously, Cubs. You brought in a Pirates pitcher. What did you think was going to happen?
“A healthy attitude is contagious but don’t wait to catch it from others. Be a carrier.” -Tom Stoppard
i cannot get enough of #AnglesAndGentelmen thanks for giving me the best songs in the world!!!!!
it will have it's was with you, -.- oh god wouldn't that be a sight to see
Could see wind gusts to ~30mph as remnants from today's storms move through #Madison area. Lone Rock reporting 25mph gust.
Thx for bringing the great weather too.
RT : All fish fry features are served with coleslaw and a pretzel roll and a choice of chips or French fries.
another successful Italian Easter feast. Off to Midtown with to burn off some of these calories.
Just might be. I was pondering getting out for the Saturday bill at already.
RT NO SHARK TANK 2night! We r moving to PRIMETIME BABY! New episode airs TUES,29TH,8PM! Rght B4 Dancing Wit the Stars!(via )
Is it really tremendous?
Its so hot in my roomm.. Im melting.
#Raleigh #fashion peeps where is your favorite place for #fashionshows in town?
congrats on the new iPhone! Welcome to the family :)
Gwyneth acting like presenting in front of a camera is awkward doesn't read right.
The Legend Of Korra <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
so sick :(
haha yes! Punching a bag helps lol
I agree
$49 monthly group class membership: Come try yoga, mat pilates, cardio or kickboxing classes all month long for $49!!!
Don't be afraid to tell contractors to fix mistakes And don't pay extra for their mistakes U will be unhappy if U don't!!!
"ok, everybody hump!"
I make friends but tell me who can i trust?
Africa In April Prolly Gtta C Wats Up Doe
lol yes sir....
Ahh I love it!!
I prefer having a relationship with a virgin because I can teach them how to do everything right, where as sluts pick up bad habits, & STDs.
my hair is shorter now
have you tried? If not, do with a fox in a box or a mouse in ago use. No worries, It's beer destiny
Masterful! RT : I love this... Don't feel like I can describe it in a tweet without a piano riff
Religious note: God was not created in your image!! Nor does He think like you!!
I'm going to play some UMVC3 with my friend today and hopefully learn how to use pheonix wright.
Horny baby!! Wanna fuck u right now!!!
Today's spot start is Charlie Morton vs Houston #fantasybaseball majorleaguesportstalk.com
going to Miami Beach tomorrow in school time (:
RT: Gonna be too faded tonight tho..
Whoa. is going downhill. My bill is wrong (again) second month in a row. I can't see any itemized billing online.
40 min! $40 man what I a day with Rachel ray
Heartbroken right now... Suicide is NEVER the answer! Don't make permanent decisions about temporary problems. This too shall pass!
Tonights tweets were inspired by a little Marvin Gaye and Chardonay.
EST, FYI.
was going to buy a copy of 'The Power of Positive Thinking', and then I thought, what good would that do?
Obama just reminded everyone that Warren Buffet's secretary has a higher rate of prostate cancer than he does.
POLO!!! Good afternoon sir!": Good afternoon my people!"
ah ya! Don't forget .rod laver!
Rickie Weeks missed a third straight start Monday against the Mets because of a hand/wrist injury
built him up so much before he got his shot.not enough memorable moments involving him. he was here for a cupacoffee
I got it for ps3. Good game. But not great. NBA2k12, However is the game Im addicted to right now.
Sure! Not a problem! (I apologize in advance for my super messy SUV...please forgive.)
Some say: Obama is the poster child for failed policy. ,)
yes that's the key. Managing client expectations early on & knowing how to best do that for them and what that comm. looks like
Today was a great day :)
hey who wuldnt do that wen gives u a freakin hug.
apologies if you received an email from me announcing a new post. my blog is being an asshole. a new post will be up tomorrow, promise.
KG playing young in the playoffs.
Oh no! But they'll forgive you.
It's a Distraction Free Friday! RT if you'll put the device aside and focus on the drive today.
Last night was fun! Thanks for coming out!
XOXOXO, hope you ladies are having an amazing weekend. XOXO to you and your families.
Controversy over Trayvon&#39;s killing brings back memories for Rodney King
What is ? Sounds interesting. Love your logo.
I have been hacked. I apologize!
Hello! How r u?
You know you had fun when you cant tell your parents what you did # my crazy nightz ;)
Omg i found i love this man!! :)
Come out and support our amazing residents Twin Flamez and DimZynn!!!!
#np Mercy (Freestyle)
BALLOON UPDATE: No Rush Hour Race this morning due to rain. Stay tuned for possible afternoon launch.
please follow me ?
Fly-y-y-y, with no feathers
hey babe follow me
Play me on my user is alexisjansen
Yeah! I'm so stoked for it! It's tomorrow
OK. It seems if we had 5-6, each group could get a good block of time and the quality of dialogue would be high.
Grossed out my grandma is watching the t v show infested! !!:(
Hey Monday, Bring it!
Not in the mood for anything .Sleepy time .
#prowrestling #NewOrleans ... 10/26/83, the Junkyard Dog defeated Butch Reed in Shreveport to win his 4th and final North American title.
Visiting is on my list for today! She's my personal little ray of sunshine :)
Hey, , if you build a location in Geist, I swear I'll never order Papa John's again.
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss you will land among the stars. -Les Brown
Okay. But suggest you don't want to debate nuance on issues like this. All I saw was Adobe using women as marketing eye candy. Duh.
We prefer to think of it as a firing squad, thank you very much. RT : Orioles are forming a group to conduct the GM interviews.
u better do somethin cuz I got my lady
oh lord, what even. XD
RT : What is music? Is it not that which speaks to ones soul? Boxes are meant to be stepped out of, even in music
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. ~Maya Angelou
What happens when people don't remember who you are ?? should I kill them ??
watching spain... on the road again. who doesn't love Claudio Bassols?
Athens, GA? RT : Has anyone thought about asking Jimmy Carter to go to Athens and mediate?
Bernied in the lunch room
this convo is making me feel better!
I love how the first thing my best friend tells me when I get back to school after 4 weeks is "Youve been replaced"
bring me some! (:
qpr fans should tar & feather him
Work later on
This day blows already.
you was like who the fuck are? I though was mad.
Remember that you are dust. A blessed #Lent to all.
wait.anyway who said that
If You Ain't Got No Job...Download My New Song @ 2 PM
Were closing at 11p tonight, selling like hot cakes! Come get yours before it's too late!!
I'm reminded of the east coast, west coast time difference.
Make your workouts fit your life style, not vice versa. This is the key to staying committed for life.
O man, that's no good. Sorry :( I hope tonight will be better for the both of us!
oh rlly her sister tweeted "hey guys I just saw my sister die yeah she's dead" ?
thanks! I think the positivity vibes got here cuz it got better, but not before girl training me got mad and left :/
Everyone follow , very funny tweets!
Thanks for your kind words! Sign up for our email listing at our website to get discounts and details about 2nd Location soon.
Speak to my heart Lord, God~BAMM.
Oh I see! 'Cause I'm envisioning like a laser beam saying "hey share this if you want to!"
I can be wherever there's an audience.
most women can't keep it real..
How am I suppose to get HW finished when 90210 is on Netflix
join us :)
Invite codes sent last night/this AM should now be working (and now good for two sites!). Sorry for any confusion. Launch away!
Working on a Survivor guy script!
And thank you!
Peeps our food drive kicks off FRIDAY. 3 non-perishable food items gets you one free med iced or hot coffee! ALL LOCATIONS.
I love it when the solution to a client's panicked email about his website is "clear your cache and reload."
Bobby Valentine couldn't manage a Dairy Queen!
See you at Tidball's Thursday! Tune in2 revolution radio at 4 for an interview! ROCK!
bought few more kitchen items from amazon.
LOL, it never fails though. It's because I can't sit there at let people be treated like poopoo lol
Waiting for good news emails that I just know are being sent to my inbox any minute. Yep. Any minute.
Its my birthday
National sibling day is every day for the Hegi family.
the french movies we watch together are already doing a good job of that.
so tired
First break 256/599...nothing really going yet!
Shoutout to for texting me goodmorning this morning an waking me up :) otherwise i'd probably be all late to school! Haha
ah! :o okay hm, if we go to mc donalds, what would you like from there? Lol
I thought so... SLEEP WELL!! :D
Take U Home - Meek Mill ft. Wale and Big Sean >>>>>
Make yourself More Valuable in the marketplace and you will never worry about having an income tomorrow, regardless of the economy.
Good morning twitts
Some head would make it so much better
AG Holder on Trayvon case: If we find evidence of civil rights crime, we will take appropriate action.
Did you tell Bob about the 5-9?
Were located right by Bubbas Frozen Custard on Capitol Drive in Waukesha! Remember to BRUSH!
Williams was a hero trying to save the NFL, you guys
Got my new logo thank you Brent!
at da studio ...u already kno
Tonight @ 8pm: 3rd week & going strong - Salsa at Mari Luna Bistro, 1225 Cathedral Street Baltimore - across from the Meyerhoff.
You have NO IDEA.
we are. I sent you an email to your gmail address.
I haven't had a steak in an awful long time.
Registered for our 5k/10k? Don't forget to pick up your race packet Saturday at the BASE Camp office from 10-2!!!
if this is it....doooowap!
Court in an hour-__-
Kudos to and for developing and delivering the awesome ISpy ARG!!!
will do
Enjoy This Blessed Day Everyone ! <3
:) it just takes more room...
DO U FEEL LIKE U WERE JUST SIMPLY BORN FLY??? WELL WHY NOT ROCK THE GEAR THAT SIMPLY SAYS THAT!!!!!!!! BORN FLY WE HAVE IT!!!!!!
RT I am going to :) RT The Last Word: How are you preparing for the Rapture?
Im sure will b there RT : Toni Morrison will read from her novel, Home, at Barnes & Noble in Union Square today at 7
"we'll just grey out the comments; nobody reads them anyway." What? huh? who designed these source coloring schemes?
Dude I have the money for the album artwork so you can pay your phone bill haha
I think drastic change could = collapse, like if humanities & language depts die. that's a trade school, not a university.
I don't know..... Sometimes the turkey needs to be choked
Intro to the Internet-Hatley Branch Library-Monday, February 6th 1:30-3:30p-learn the basics class taught by Mike Theiss UW extension
hey you should follow us! =) cuz we're following you!
happy birthday! Sorry it was late! Hope it was great! #legalvoter!!
Just living the dream, trying to live up to the standards of Andrew R. Goetz. Haha you?
follow first :) i will be at 568. wbu??
>>In it 2 win it. Let's do this Mon! Life is Beautiful!
#yobitv Quote two of the night... "I've dribbled some water on the desk"
you girls rock!!!
RT : Very often we must let go & let God > Remember>> One moment of God's grace can do more than a lifetime of human effort
I need a female to collab with
And I was only in the surgical room for 30 mins.
Bagel done. Moving on to the souffle. Hard to go wrong with puff pastry, egg, and cheese. M.
I can't think of a better VP!
Mount students and alumni---who's going to the #Reds game tonight? Our young alumni coordinator, Alissa, will be tweeting from the game.
#GiveObamaCreditFor... that wht a sad pathetic state of affairs 4 R country.
True. I did like the line about HR being a joke and Toby having no power. One line does not redeem 22 awful minutes, though.
I HATE it when girls take pictures of their eyes.
I tried unfortunately the scarf exposed me still. "/ lololol
Feeling pumped to go do laundry and shopping b/c I just had an encouraging phone call. I am so easy to please - most of the time.
are you always so stupid or is today a special occasion?
Whered u get your Icon??
Yep, thanks. Saw it right after I tweeted at you.
Hope you have your umbrellas today! Rain is forecasted to continue until Saturday.
Well said. Simplicity is always more engaging. (And easier to remember.)
spent $102 on books at borders. i'm gonna miss that place :/
About to go to work , with no sleep #LikeABoss <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Best purchase of 2011? My membership. Down 15 lbs and feeling great!
Do it, woman. :( its better. <3
Hi Laura!
so glad I am caught up in math!!!!!! <33
Do you have promo shots coming up? If so, you'll definitely want to look your best. Wear a guitar strap that totally defines YOU!
User:WertsHopp928 - Wiki
Who wants to join me for some delicious Mexican food later?
Right now it's like..... Audi > Beamer
Everyday I'm refreshing :)
#MEDIA: Why should voters trust our vaunted news sources when their duplicity is as obvious as the not-so-subtle-messages on our TV screens?
Not in Madison. Still eating fish.
So pumped!
speaking of employment... Did you read the latest on ?
Merry Christmas world
Let's frame that #28 now!
dissaspointed in asian rappers. where are the la riot songs from our point of view?
We have a "Short Tip" that "ANIMAL KINGDOM" at Big Odds will run his heart out on Kentucky Derby Day! Consider this our Official Longshot!!
Congratulations on the #SISwim cover. Hope you have a great time in #Vegas this week.
Love UbD--we're looking at the new #CCSS UbD framework materials as we transition.
srsly? I had the window open and ready to go. That was insanely fast.
Lol you get upset when people call you a whore but yet you go around hooking up with half the guys in our school..
Checking into new cell phones. Droid? Not sure I need more reasons to have the phone stick to my hand.
lol!- we had a black lab who liked to eat them... Rainbow poop piles in the yard! :p
I'm not in Williamsburg
VAN a much better match for #Blackhawks. NASH or VAN? Go VAN!
“I am not a teacher, but an awakener.” Robert Frost
Yes! Wish we could rewind and replay. An outstanding workshop!
phew! Madbum got us back on track!
Thank god I didn't go to that show
Reminder: the new semester loan due date is 2/15/12. Renew any older semester loan items before 9/30/11, via "My Library Account" in CLIO
no we've been driving since 1230
currently partnering with Performancpoint LLC on several federal engagement and training opportunities
haha(: and ikr Austin cleans me all the time xP lolol. and he cleans up all my messes I make :p haha.(:
We have HOP egg holders at our Easter photo experience - come and get yours to celebrate release of HOP.
This series is going to be brutal!
Pier 60 tonight come out it is a beautiful day!
I'm sad for you!!!
RT The righteous man walks in his integrity; His children are blessed after him. -Proverbs 20:7
I hope my bestfriend has fun at her prom tonight .
shucks! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> thanks man!!
i never use my twitter...gotta tweet more!
I agree. Big fan.
Driving through Kansas.......
Making moose cupcakes is so much harder than anticipated.
Watch videos on how to get a job & fairness at work @ julieforjobs.blogspot & go to minorityjobs.net for FREE RESUME & job board, Julie
The test of the morality of a society is what it does for its children. - Dietrich Bonhoeffer
looking for places to play for a spring tour, midwest to east coast and back. anyone between chicago and NYC got some suggestions?
unfortunately no link as of yet. Argh! Gotta knuckle down and read it!
Gonna brush up on my British accent....
I think that is part of his problem. Smart kid trying too hard. No emotional intelligence.
happy delayed birthday!
Good Morning to you too!
we should! haha
": . will be kicking off ’srally at VCU. Who is excited for the President's visit to Richmond?"
How about a picture..I got cockroach problems...
RT : Look, if we're going to get on the phone to talk about your company, be prepared to say something interesting. Good stuff!
Trying to figure out how somebody got into my twitter account..#nothappy right now tryin to figure out what the hell is going on!
good to know..
7:12 AM. And both kids are on the bus!
Think you're a tough guy? Take a Pilates class--will kick your butt!
haha oh how I wish :P
DM is fine
Met a guitar player today..he has done some work with Bishop Jakes.we use the same engineer.in Austin..word of mouth is he can chop that ax
Are inspiring, deep learning experiences lost when lectures are recorded and put online? When powerpoint slides are shared?
that is just too much!!!
Need food badly? We're serving our full food menu starting at 2pm on Saturday and Sunday this weekend! How about some Killer Nachos?
I'll take the three runs!
u tweeted " DEsE" to Danny
Why does band go to the beach when they do nothing
RT : Q6. Share with us your best (tasteful) joke!
I'm tired of seeing Love Quotes, I'm Single Get TF off my TL!!
Dancia Patrick is a Ok, a couple bonus points for her.
or perhaps were eating lower quality (and cost) food
Watching Portlandia and dying.
Haha been a long time since I been in Twitter Haha me back follow me
yeah... You probably should never say that again
duude, it was awkward today in general music, with the 'Eric + Victoria = <3' i was like, OHMAHFUCKINGGAWD.
Ignore me ALL you can. But DONT ever come crawling back to me when people start to love me on February 31 ! Yeah, thats right, FEB. 31!.
Have a great leap day everyone!
To fix the confusion I changed my Twitter account. If you're following me through Twilight or FF I opened a new account as ZephyerSky
I feel a sailing adventure coming on!
Yay. My two favorite people! RT : #dsum12 Finally met at the #
PLEASE FOLLOW ME(: i wanna dm you my number :P
tweet about war could have been shortened to just this..."I have no friends." I think that is more accurate.
Gotta run the table to make a 4-team playoff with that OOC. Zero question.
Connecting with people in the retail payments space. Looking forward to your tweets!
Will be very bad - call. We smoke together, even if they never smoked, even if the cast ... even if each other.
I bought some magnolia and cherry blossom Glade today. calls it my gay spray. I shall gleefully frolic every time I use it.
Did u make it in? If not, I hope to meet you soon. Surely you will introduce your wonderful selves, right? Closing time. :)
slay silos
#SuperBowl Rob Gronkowski being healthy could have been the difference.
im going to bed i gotta get up at 6:30 =\
aw, you look so nice! no changing... :)
lol TELL HIM that !
Won't hologram Tupac be a bit anticlimactic the second time around?
not last night. It was a couple of nights ago. When you asked people to ask you questions.
Thank you ! You too.
Saw my operations management professor at Sam's Club today.
If only... I went to the luncheon where they announced that. I thought I was in an episode of the Twilight Zone.
There is two kinds of music, the good and bad. I play the good kind. Louis Armstrong
Excellent morning so far. Feels great to reconnect with old friends at
We are looking forward for your submission !
Aparently my uterus has moved since the last time i checked and it's just cramps
wish i was going to jingle ball :/
you always look adorable!!! Do it
Wearing my snow boots & not my new cowboy boots in this rain!
hey haven't talked 2 u in forever who is all in ur new pic?(;
Fight for life, not for fear of death.
Big One...
If I get extended tonight that's bs. Why the hell should I have to close on a Friday and Saturday
Read about your super cool biz on ! Love the name... Can't wait to try the product!
On twitter when I'm supposed to be doing my senior theme.
aw what u been up 2
Moments of solace are important even for loners like me. Taking a bath.
;-) it didn't come through. How are you? Me sleepy.
I love your videos!! please follow me!!
Ladies and gents - is proud to present: & July 11th! Another banger for y'all!
Just saw VW's Fat Dog on TV, sans the Star Wars Catina ending, and wait for it...it was a 1000x better. Why was it ever there to begin with?
Itz been along time since I've followed all bcuz I'm so inlove with my boo
Thank god I saved all those text messages. People are psycho!!!
I guess the saying "when it rains, it pours" is so popular because it's true, huh?
Hill Country Tri Packet pick-up tomorrow. Special order school shoes. Zilker Relays Sept..2.
Hall of gamers Isaiah Thomas just got fired from as the heads men's basketball coach.
The hardest arithmetic to master is that which enables us to count our blessings. ~Eric Hoffer
Does my Billy Joel station know that I just came from the Fergie station?
Thank you God for another day<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B8>
Long time no tweet! Hey, can i get a happy b day from ya tomorrow?
Anyone looking for a bartender position?? We have 4 venues hiring immediately in the Downtown Milwaukee Area.
tips to prepare for a social media crisis: plan, prepare response templates, be the central source of communication via
NBA Playoffs are underway, Lakers and Spurs look strong from the start. Bynum & Kobe had some record setting performances yesterday!
matts not wearing a GIANTS anything! Ha
wat will u call ur baby?
It's about time companies start realizing that not everyone wants 1366x768...
very concerned..he seems to have the unlucky injury bug so far this year..
My son got married today. So happy for them. Feeling kind of lonely tonight. I'll miss him. He was great company.
I would say you are correct. But the truth is I know it could be MUCH, MUCH worse. ;-)
Also I am wearing an ID around my neck from a job I cannot have without college plus grad school. Come onnnmnn. No martini for me. :-(
Welcome to the #Pack! MT : Congrats to Whitney Honeycutt for her acceptance to ! Your KIPP Delta Family is proud!
Unwind? I'll be finishing up the required tech competencies in my time off... It's never-ending!
Tomorrow's game is going to be AWESOME
Fuck you I'm a koala :3
Welcome new followers
actually, will be doing a fair in Austin that I think I'll attend. Will be their first in TX, should be good!?
Love you! Sent you a DM. <3 Please reply! <3
RT : It was heaven on wheat! I highly recommend trying it and just generally patronizing
Sore back this morning...need some yoga.
why doesn't the "I need tickets" guy talk to the "Who needs tickets" guy 20 yards away? I wanna play match-maker.
For the second straight inning, Vuke gives up two runs on three singles. Not sharp. Twins lead 4-1 after three.
Great advice RT: : Look back five years. Did you love those five years? If not, make some changes today. Change the next five.
Damn shame about my boys - #mubb - but proud of their season, and will always value their gritty style and willingness to dive into a scrum
Looking forward to meeting you! :)
Thanks for the follow, look forward to your tweets!
i kill pussies like a
Stunning, right? I've never seen a team so bad in the 4th...
Go for it!!
The Fly is eating dinner next to me.
Travis performed When You're Good to Mama today...
I guess found 's RT : RT : I think Ty Dillon has a horseshoe...
cool beans
So obviously, Matt Cooke came up. Not funny. Savard will never be the same. Can't be out in sunlight.
Found a site that makes custom bobbleheads. I think I know what 's birthday gift will be. ;)
...around & walk in the other direction?
I don't mind the $$$...I'm sure it won't be much, but I was seriously bummed to hear that 'rare' cards could only be purchased.
Hoping the grapefruit I just ate is as delicious to the parasite in my stomach as it was to my mouth.
she is. And she's ugly. Heather is way prettier. Its ridiculous. Its like dumping JLo for a homeless toothless 600 pound man.
and every practice I saw he sported an O's hat and a smile. And my old coach knew him since he was 6 years old
RT : Fish Fry Friday! Stop in or drive thru for our hand breaded cod! Live music w/ the Carmen Nickerson Quartet.
getting crazy with pictures :)
That is correct. and it is definitely a venti kind of day. RT VENTI means business
Just realized uses the term "everting" i.e., "[the digital] manifesting in the physical world" in Pattern Recognition (2003)
Anyone using IN therapy?
Mitt Romney is for anti-gay rights. You really want him as your president?
Follow a Fringe Venue:
Nun on da computer at home like always n plus i got tha day off from skool
"This guy probably can't even spell poker."- Phil Hellmuth "Idiot From Northern Europe"- Phil Hellmuth
HOLY LEBRON JAMES!!!!!!
I seriously don't know what to do anymore..
With glasses, I kind of look like I'm from England.
aw, that looks so good! my parents still want us to cook for them:)
Me too! RT : weird - nearly every day this week I've been asked if I know any ossm dev's looking for work - good sign!
Watching UK v KU from the beginning of the year, not sure I'll recognize the team.
Starting off my morningg with some weezyyyy :).
we can only hope...
FInally completed: Yale University Digitization Shared Practices – Still Images, Version 1.0 (only took us a year of collaboration writing)
Drive defensively. Buy a tank.
SAVE THAT DATE!
Who knew that Sofia Vergara was in so many commercials?
Agreeable ;) RT : #Libra's are bossy and headstrong, while still being caring and good listeners.
for me, its never too hot for reds. I'll throw a bottle of red in the fridge and drink it cold before I drink white or rose.
Yes I was RT U wasn't shooting with me in the gym!
why no serious talk about defense? we have to address the fact our defense budget is outrageous &it remains a sacred cow even for obama
Fundamentally sound fam RT : The spurs actually are good.
Criminal charges for raising the awareness of genetically modified foods? Or merely civil liberties violated a la post 9/11?
Be safe, man. Watch for the pepper spray!
#1,010 tweet goes to my love,my everything,my babe. The girl I will do anything for & will love forever !
Do you have a mission statement or are you on a mission?
downstairs if you're in TPA!
I did...he was shocked :)
had an orange and raspberries and blueberries as snacks today
you were awesome tonight! Glad you're the new percussion professor at UT!
I will be there in the morning
Shit's about to get real at boozecamp, yo. (See what I did there. I got all "gangsta". I mean there are some big developments coming.)
Word! :) Can't wait to see the fruits of your labor! "Get your runway stride on!"
Just because something doesn't do what you planned it to do doesn't mean it's useless. -Thomas Alva Edison
reminds me of how much people are able to struggle & celebrate simultaneously every day.
Thanks to everyone who came out for an equally entertaining and inspirational event last night with !
Dime que me quieres dime que me Amas <U+2665>
Anyone else who is following the #libmade twitter chat seeing some twitter spam? Don't click!
followed(: follow back?
Any ideas on viral videos or brand messaging?
how u got it?
Just finished my review of Beaton in Vogue for PBR, waiting for posting. Thank you for a gorgeous book. Fashion must read.
Thanks for the retweets and continuing the conversation.
Sweet Sensation had the #1 song on this day in 1990 with If Wishes Came True.
feeling the baby do back flips :D
“Live the moment for the moment.”
Cut mine into 4, I don't think I can eat 8. - Yogi Berra, in reference to how many slices of pizza he could eat!
Leaving my family
It's funny how people involuntarily place you into competition. For the record I don't compete...I just do me. Take note and follow suit!
Too funny! Sry we missed each other last night :) wasn't the food great tho???
Gratitude is the doorway to abundance...CHOOSE TO BE GRATEFUL!!
Well I have internet on my laptop. But I can't do much on the damn thing. I'm just glad I have youtube back.
Going to bed early so I can enjoy brunch tomorrow. Yeah for bottom mimosas!
good one!!
The fact that there is no #NASCAR app for iPhone from is just another example of poor service.
Agreed! Love the look! RT : Blush tones on the red carpet are amazing! Love them all!
It is. Im loving it. How are you? :-)
poor kid must go through a lot of pants.
I am currently looking for experienced Inside/Field Sales Representatives in the Florham Park, NJ area. The position is a great opportunity…
Aha! British Royal Navy, late 1700s. Thanks, Wikipedia!
Thanks for the lovely book discussion today. So glad to have a chance to revisit an old favorite. Next may do Faulkner.
Lady on the bus is offended by everything - ppl with bags, sneezing and someone reading a paper.
lol..and im good! finishing up work..im really tired! ugh!
I love the voice!
So glad to hear I'm your favorite solopreneur ! Totally feeling the love, and of course, loving it :)
": Ted Thompson taking the stage at Shareholder's Meeting to long ovation." How things have changed!!!
hot as fuck
Supernatural ALWAYS has my vote. Going to make sure everyone I know votes for it as well!
The gem cannot be polished without friction, nor man perfected without trials. -Chinese proverb
It's weird not hearing from her too...
I wish we were in Vegas to celebrate winning!
never racist, I love cultures of all types... it's personalities that I judge.
Lots of vendors here 2day! I spied lilac, woo hoo! Plum jam & lots more!!!
Im mad i can't ever go out ! Not even to a birthday party .
A big #FMRevolution welcome to #TAFP member and FMRP faculty member ! Show her some love, y'all!
Nathan Patches Pim: A Few Good Reasons Not to Show Up for Work This Tuesday -- Why May Day Is Our Day
I love that the KFC Colonel is tweeting about UK while UofLOL is playing in the Yum! Center :)
I may not be the hottest or prettiest girl out there but trust me, if you give me a chance, I will love you like no one else could <U+2665>
#Grammy Awards this weekend - who's your favorite?
Up and at 'em, peeling potatoes. Happy St. Patrick's Day!
This year's director answering how does she do it?... "It's the #SkiSwap. It just comes together every year. It's just what the Swap does."
alright then good <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
She a goofy!!!
I wish it could be like that when I stay the night! It's always hot AF! Lol
Looking for a Talent Agent in Chicago or Milwaukee. I'm too short for the runway but just the right height for print and commercials
Thanks to for the follow! Text messaging is a great way to alert clients of special purchase opportunities.
Not me. RT : Can someone explain why "Texts from Hillary" is funny? Apparently the humor goes over my head.
said some provocative things at #ahcj12, including "Insurance companies have some ability to make us practice better medicine"
no bit seriously though. Send some beats 'cause I haven't heard enough of yours to determine wether you suck or not
If your web content doesn't work on mobile phones, your web content doesn't work.
This call lasted 37 minutes ... Literally 3 minutes of business was discussed.
ya know those days when u obsess over an amazing artist? hmm currently mine's
Boxing Fight Schedule for April 26 and April 27
Anthony Davis.
Get business cards, flyers for an event, memorabilia? Design it yourself and get the finished product today! Contact one of our reps today!
We are our own problems and our own solution...
I know I'm late with this but thanks for the #ff and hope you're feeling better.
Thank you so much for the RTs!
I Have an epic proposition for you. Let's talk! Run with us toward peace in Congo.
Lack on quorum, Parliament fails to Reparations Law for victims ...
Tonight's prayer meeting was... Is... Well, it's hard to put into words. I won't forget it that's for sure. LIFE
The Starcraft scene is truly a wonderful thing. I glanced at some of these strategies and I feel like I've been playing a different game.
Congratulations on your new bundle of joy!
I take my road test soon
Seated and tweeted Terrific vibe and syked for Sykes.
haha i saw this like 3 minutes ago,im on my phone and on my laptop so im on two things at once...
Watching the CMA's I'm impressed so far by the production value. The Vocals are a little weak though. My thoughts
Never hate people who are jealous of you but respect their jealousy because they're the ones who think that you're better than them.
when I'm with you I never want to leave <3
Thanks for the follow !
only non Asian haha
why couldn't these have been available yesterday????? RT : Got two upper books for face value. Any takers?
I kind of wish I could move like Rihanna!!
r u serious my birthday is on august 01 too lol but im back here in LA so i need 6 hrs lol
Be it ever so humble, there's no place like home.
This coffee will put hair on my chest. WOW
dude had on white ankle socks that were totally filthy. wtf
Remember, not everything is a picture. A good eye can edit before the shutter opens. - Craig Coverdale
“: ": your twitter mama here to say hello I am alive again!!" Miracles! How's it going Yoda” splendid!!
Why again am I up?
Just heard about a Pastor getting people out of money??That's why I believe in God not the church if $ da root of evil y is it in Church??*
Any plans to come to the US soon? Especially the East Coast, of course...
RT : Reebok re-signs Mannings, latest evidence that former NFL jersey supplier will continue to market around league.
Yo Life the song is done!! and ull love it its freakin insane ima send it to u right now ima send u the beat and the record
#ShakeShack burgers are good, but not good enough to justify the fifteen minute wait.
got one! I'll be there! Let's meet up. Text me later
Bro, we should to play tennis SOON! We need to get into our "Bitty" figures & tans from Vacation!! Mkay! #CodeTalk Haha!
Okay let me know what you find out.
I was talking about your grad.
Shame on you #NFL. have not played # MNF since 2001. All other teams have played once since 2007. Let's go #DetroitLions!
just got done with my history exam. History is finally done!!!!
Bitches be crazy
Ditto! I had a great time. #friendsforlife!
Diabetics are likely to get gum disease. Am Diabetes Assn: Gum disease may diabetes worse. Reduce gum disease bacteria. www.closys.com
Jumanji is on!! This movie used to scare the heck out of me when I was little...
I haven't watched glee in a while. I will be catching up in due time lol
i've been good
Thanks for the #FF. Look forward to networking with you.
I've been mentally preparing for Levon, and Dick Clark goes instead. Deaths come in three's, so who's it going to be?
Mapping out math plan 4 the yr w/ our new alternating day schedule 4 kdg aligned w/ dist timeline & assessment!
Yooooo I forgot lol Im coming back for it too!!!
Happy Groundhog Day! Speaking of furry animals, what is your favorite place to eat encased meats in Chicago?
unknown except that maybe the writer didn't write it lol
Anytime Sweetheart It Is A Pleasure ..
RT“: There is & will always be that group of bitches that need to be slapped.”
Deady Hall is so cozy. I wish I had all my classes there.
: want to meet up tomorrow at 3pm on Monday ?
......I used to used to used to used to, now I’m over that Cause holding grudges over love is ancient artifacts"-
When spider webs unite, they can tie up a lion. ~ Ethiopian proverb
Good rule of thumb- always take the hypotenuse. Thanks
@ shahformula1 u are followed. Now do fun stuff:)
Today is my birthday and nothing would make me happier for this to get retweeted by #AustinMahone or
A wonferful life this clip ain't. But this is awesome shameless Christmas self-promotion. www.youtube.com/watch?v...
Bwahaha that is great! I would have love to have seen that! Ps I have been walking atleast 3 miles everyday! #you'dbeproud
Hightower would absolutely be the perfect fit for the
Im the one all the young women wanna have a baby by . Thinking if they have a baby by me they will be rich
hey sexy, I need to talk to you!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Can't wait til the live chat tomorrow. Hope he answers at least one of my questions. This will be the 2nd chat I'll see.
The next time I hear Pitbull will be far too soon.
Spread the word that is having a sale! Http://Hyebyeclothing.com RT
Some nights by fun.
i didnt get2see tho it sux cus i got my pandahat just4him i really wanted him to sign it along with &
I love the fruity pebble dance.
YAY! Let's make this happen... RT : Here you go, Wisconsin. You want a do-over for 2010 governor's race, you got one.
Entner: Where is the due process? FCC releases report on AT&T/T-Mobile As if Congress needed another reason to focus seriously on reformi
When is the #Seattle store opening?! Can't wait!
what's good KM stopping by
haha even if you didn't look at the song we would! haha
slamdog is a champ. I wonder if he's going to get the chopper up and working soon
Dear please make your app current. Missed flight on short connection cuz app didn't show gate change.
I can't trust a woman that only knos guys...
I love getting raped in the ass with no warning at all and do it all over the next day...thanks uncle sam!! U fuckin bitch ass trick
RT I get scared visiting the ghetto on Google street view.
OPM status...OPEN...why!
#WaysToImpressMe a diploma; college degree.
right now: listening to DE LA SOUL and being a white IT guy in my shitty cube in america.
I'm getting ready 2 hit the stage @ the Columbia College Rip The Runway Fashion Show! I'm singing my original dance songs! Wish me luck! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Have you heard that chronic inflammation causes most of the major chronic diseases? Start taking lots of antioxidents to calm those fires !
RT : ....so that's what we doing? u don't even know what it means!! Lol. // I kno, right! Lol!
I hate dem long ass ugly ass thangz dat be flyin around da lights n shit
Welcome to town, sir....
Rick Astley: Nothing will EVER beat the Rick Roll!! Rebecca Black: A challenger appears... HAHAH :D:D
oh yeah ??
Just finishing up a trailer for "Unopened" - thirty minute drama filmed with Cannon 5D Mark II Camera. COOL!
Attending the Seventh Circuit Bar Association conference in South Bend.
: sports are better than everything else. always. so deep, brah.
A beautiful soul makes a beautiful woman. I've seen plenty non-lazy girls that are still ugly inside.
Excellent! “: “: With #DCU after??” yep indeed”
Take a shot for me.
september 24th at the door in dallas were playing with chiodos, oh sleeper, attack attack n more we have to sell 80 tix!
of course! followed :D
RT $16 gin and tonic? Sign me up for 16 of those.
Didn't know that!
Uninsured and underinsured are welcome to the clinic tomorrow which runs 9am-3pm.
Haha thanks :) all true things! Have a great weekend!! RT : you are so SWEET!!!!!
Studio next week
Today I put a new flower bed in my front yard in the rain, was held hostage in my room by a wasp in my house and won a contest.
God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change; courage to change the things I can; and wisdom to know the difference.
That's what sellouts do. And joining the ICC board as CEO is pretty much the definition of sellout.
well if he couldn't do it by himself before, he has kanye now to help reinvent him if it need be
Nice meeting you at the tweetup Dubblebee! :) South Dakotan? *nods* Cool!
Nice. Guy must hate chips.
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can
“Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.” - RIP Steve Jobs
hello handsome;)
RT Does any airline passenger really need instructions on how to buckle a seat belt?//
lol! Bags on board!
RT if you think im cute?(:
have you been practicing?!:)
GUYS! FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!! FOR THE 5TH TIME!!! FOLLOW ME BACK1!!!!!
wish i didn't let him rest, i reeaally need his voice to put me to sleep.
It is yummy Salma :)
hahaha heat haven't even played well and they are dominating right now...
Congratulations to the NY Giants for winning the 2012 Super Bowl!
I HATE FINALS.
Why must you put that #photography thingy in my face all the time huh? I bet #Nikon #Bacon tastes the best! ...nom
Just log in and view them if you are already registered.
Hows about and I take a weekend trip down there soon and we can all hunt together :)
Heather and Beatrice compare CLT and multiliteracy language education approaches. Multiliteracy considers cognition and analysis more.
Thanks! It was wonderful!
Wow, that's super creepy.
What would you do if I told you that I la la la la
Did you know there are 31 Wacky Holidays in March....Today is Ear Muff Day! If you could make up your own Holiday what would it be?
If you don't respect family first, I will make you resect pain first.
I can't wait for Loiter Squad to start ...
hahaa oh yeah like 3 am loud!
bahha sorry. I'm in my warm bed <3
HolyCrap!!! Wish I was there! Enjoy!
My awesome husband David Leitch will be visiting prof. in political theory at the University of Oregon. I'm looking.
sinners! All of em
Dear students: In small college towns, do not brag about cheating on an exam in a restaurant. Everyone knows everyone.
rock it, dude! Sorry I couldn't escape early to witness your awesomeness today. Have fun!
about to head to the wake for Pawpaw..... Very sad here at their house.... I miss him so much!! ughh why did he have to go??? :'(
What's on the menu for tomorrow?
it is what it is cause that is what it b
RT If you made your own Tye Dye shirt today! XD TYE DYE TUESDAY GUYS!
I think I'll just take a break from life and travel the world. I'll become a nomad.
hahaha barbG it is!! I like it, suits her I think ;)
Down to 11 spellers in fourth round of spelling bee. Started off with 100...
ok so U reply to my tweets, and followed me in the first place but u got the balls to be like ur annoying.
your new single #NoCaking is amazing dude. #TeamAztro all day
Rock on dude!
Working on my monthly Women at the Top® Report, where I share the latest ideas and research impacting women in Corporate America.
Removing rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
Pouring the love into the next 11 years with , and &T
he never actually said that they were dating so I don't think he would say if they broke up or not.
Snow day today & Richmond tomorrow = Me putting my work off even longer
"CoLab The Third: Sounds Royal"
Granted, it's April, but the #Orioles are five games over .500 and tied for the second-most wins in the American League East.
RT ": Happy are they who take life day by day, complain very little, and are thankful for the little things in life."
I MISS YOU MORE!!!<3
GOOD DAY MY GOOD PEOPLE
: most amusement park constraints are legal not med. Space industry likely to raise stds to lower legal/insurance risk
Time to make my quinoa chili !
RT : 16. I think global warming, evolution and equality are stupid.
I would like to be a cohost on your program redeye for my 40th BDay. I have been a fan since the first show. February 11th.
Hello how are you? soy amiga de Jesus he use to be your security Follow me
thanks for the video of my boy We appreciate you.
awww..u have a cold?
Agreed!! // “: Jenni, awesome show, great for the Seattle tech community! #KIROConnect”
The best part about Parkinson's Disease is that you never have to stir your coffee
there's a bus stop on St Francis street and Ferry can we get the tree trimmed by the sign so bus drivers can see it
off to rehearsal!! My first performance of "Getting Out" is Sunday, August 9th at the Lyric Hyperion in Silver Lake, California.
and, last time I checked, you can get five of them in Wisconsin without it being a felony!
would you please follow me. Im a huge fan!!
Kory Quinn plays at home in Southeast Portland during a recording session for the American Music Preservation Project.
love YOU
back to javascript. Some stuff I just couldn't wrap my head around this past week. Gotta figure it out
"pick on someone your own size." this 1st grade term still applies in highschool. you're not cool if you're overweight and punch a 2 lb kid.
Learning: "decoction" involves long simmering of barks/roots, as opposed to "Infusion" which involves hot water poured over the tea or herb.
Funny, we would've pegged you for Centennial.
#Sixers are one of the hottest #NBA teams right now and ranked #1 according to Hollinger. Avg tix @ Sixers: $41 according to Fan Cost X app
I #Retweet any and every #Bible #Verse I see on my
I would also like to know that
You should buy the shirt. :)
No Olivia!!! Although this is that past. Lol
With and Stephanie!
better be right about this Anthro prof bc I've only been to class a hand full of times and it's midterm week
Belieber here: A dream and I want to do please. Please Please follow me my love.I'm super belieber! RT my love love you too
This not a brokered convention. We are putting pressure on the status quo. End wars, promote peace, free markets, free trade
Sometimes I look at couples and wonder if the other is actually interested in what one is saying? Or if the sex is really good
Boys Will Be Boyz shirt soon, so excited!
all good. How's Philly?
went there yesterday! They were so GOOD!
Only 12 more days in this hellhole.
join an episcopal church! you might have a lady priest AND you don't have to read the bible.
Correction! I mean...it's THURSDAY! Not Wednesday. Just making sure you were paying attention.
Just Woke up with next to me. <3
thanks for the #FF the 13th!
the supermarket may change inventory, but the essential ingredients will remain. Those are the ones we'll use!
If it happened it's for a reason
Wrapping up a week of dedicated javascript development. Stoked about my transition to becoming a front-end developer.
Guess who sighs his lullabies through nights that never end. My fickle friend, the summer wind
Lol my uncle laid out on the ground in the rain and screamed my aunt went running and was so scared... Lmfao
Nothing more bleak than a casino floor at six AM on a Tuesday.
rly addicted to NSN right now
wait After Porn Ends looks so good
This weather gets me excited about the NEW PATIO WE ARE PUTTING IN AT STIR! How amazing is that?!
All clear at Lloyd Center after white powder scare earlier today. Traffic being opened up now on Halsey.
im in 100 % call me sometime biotch!
Hey SEO's what is your favorite Keyword Research Tool and why? We are in the market for a new tool.
Time isnt fair when i listen 2 sublime
heeheehee so true :)
Welcome to all Grace Hopper Celebration attendees! We hope you enjoy your visit to Portland and the Oregon Convention Center!
Where are you sitting at the game? Maybe I can see you on TV.
and with you... hope you're doing okay!
#outofhandgame The GAME might be tough now, but you're getting the hang of it. You are on the right track.
-Thanks for the follow buddy. Have any good beer lately?
Haha. Cool idea, right? They consistently amaze and inspire.
RT : "One fish two fish, red fish blue fish" - Happy Birthday to the wonderful Theodor Seuss Geisel aka Dr. Seuss....
If you scale down McDonald's to volume of Sugarfish, then your Culver City location is redundant far as LA territories go.
stop calling ur gf so she can get the hint, and she will break up with u
Nba 2k12 after workout,
Hey where the heck has A been lately?
I was glad the weekend was over, but I was nowhere near ready to go back to school..when's the weekend?
Trying to find motivation to go get my afternoon Americano and cheese bagel... just too lazy today.
train bjj the rest won't matter
Check out our new "Poker Ace" shirt! www.drawndead.net
What happened at UT Austin?
Finally updated my glasses. Only took 9 years.
I am so depressed over Bin Laden, what could I do to get over this sick feeling motherfuckers cock suckers
Born and raised under the desert sun. Humidity? What's that?! Oh, right.
Going shopping after the gym :) is good to have access to unlimited money. Whatcha kno bout dat? Lol
I really, really should.
Congratulations! Welcome to the team!
FACIAL FRIDAY!
love that! Couldn't have said it any better ;)
Tonight's the premiere? Finally! Can't wait and thx for the reminder.
Is wondering who will be the individual to bring us to 150 followers!? Thank you all for your support in our constant quest for a cure!!!
Talking to this girl always brightens my Day no matter what she says<U+2764>
You can eat one for me. I don't mind. ;)
Heading out to my callback, and today, for one day only, instead of broken legs, you're allowed to wish me, "A Little Bit of Luck!"
do you have a decent Payphone club remix, all others stink
Prayers for Jacob!!! Glad you're back..,how are you feeling?
Registering more students. YEAH!!!!
This is my first time flying #Southwest - I hope it's a great experience!
morning! And thanks it's appreciated I'll be in touch.
I just wish that you could understand......
Saw The Lorax last night and Star Wars 3D tonite, were both very good for what they were. Plus, the company was incredible
Kings just scored!!! It's 2-1 Kings halfway through the second. And Coyotes are going into the box right now
Nice! RT : is our first customer to cash in the 3% off and T-shirt!
i wonder how many people reached their Qtr 1 goals?
At the comic show last Saturday, the guy next to me had a Betty White vs. Wolverine print for sale.
Oh that's nothing. You're cool.
Roadtrip! Destination: Washington DC.
"Two halves don't make a whole."
And she can really sing...really.
you were there tonight? Me also right behind the bench. Got some good pics if your boy.
Cool, I have a f150 too: RT it appears to just be the battery... We will see.
Re-tweet if you'd be totally down 4 a transformation challenge- b trained by our own athletes and win a trip to the Olympia or Arnold!
Tweet and stuff!
It was a cousin with the same haircut! Lol
Valentines Day is so fake. If you love someone, you’ll treat him/her special every day. Not once out of 365 days.
so?? “: Is Lebwon feewing okay today? :(”
Typical Saturday in retail. Car biz they are called 'tire kickers.'
HELP TREND #MahoneOnB96 WE NEED THIS TO TREND!
knocked up, superbad, pineapple express
Willam on RuPaul: "Oh God, my look is "I wanna go to Miami, but I can only afford Ft. Lauderdale.""LMAO!!!
Stop. Close your eyes. How does your heart feel right now? Hum your favorite tune.
what does that even mean???
Can you yell nonstop for an hour? This guy on the street below my window at work sure can.
Serious q: will the Knicks break 50?
I do!! *waves hands in the air* lol
Get ready tonight we celebrating Pre-Mother's day Wine testing and more start early Happy Mothers day to all Mothers !
Ohh ho ho have fun with that! RT Pumped that and I are looking at our first apartment today!
hey! Sorry to have cut our conversation short. Definitely want to catch up - I have news!
Thank you, it was great!
Same here, haha. have fun and good luck with it!
Almond nut milk w/ dates and vanilla is shockingly tasty - good sweet / nutty / vanilla balance. This cleanse'll be a snap!
Thank You for following me, hope you have a Great Week End! And good luck!
me? Starting with you? Never! #sarcasm lol
“: If you're passive aggressive and you know it, slam the door. <slam, slam>”
#MLB Looks like Angels will win this one, Angels should win the West.
RIP Maurice Sendak <3 ((T-T))
Thought this essay would be easy, but apparently it's on a book I never finished reading.
RT if u are a true rusher <3
God morning everyone :-)
Have you voted "YES"? Tell the world #ivotedyes for #OneUnion!
No matter how amazing you are at something, there will always be an 8 year old Asian who is better..
Aw... What a pretty baby! (;
don't be impressed yet bro. xd
Hollywood bound soon! Who's in azusa still that wants to come?! :)
congrat!! “: and now... I KNOW I've succeeded. I've made go O.o”
Just learned Andy Cohen's mom's name is Evelyn. I have so much in common with older ladies, & I should not b watching BRAVO.
aww im sorry, does he like you?
I wish they wouldn't overplay Adele. Her music is beautiful and it just gets annoying after a while =\
thank you that is sweet
Oh hey thanks! RT : Great Social at Zeppa. Good Work #RYP!
omgawd is it me or like i i try to help ppl out but they just try to take the hard way god dayumm no wonder im always pissed -_-
Hah...My cousin went and bought me another wallet :D lol he said i wount be able to lose this one :P
Those who can't farm, farm celery,
Can't wait to see the coolest guy I know on TV #PAULYDPROJECT #PAULYDPROJECT #PAULYDPROJECT #PAULYDPROJECT #PAULYDPROJECT 3DAYS
Talk about an #EPIC #NYE Miami! We ready! RT : You best believe we're ready!!!!!
in 15 min Joe blanton is going to start throwing a shut out
ooh, really? I'll check that out. Thanks!
Another music industry legend gone. So sad. RIP Whitney.
You Know Your Getting Old When It takes a couple of tries to get over a speed bump
Wow, Ray Shero is a ball of sunshine on MM right now.
We just had to make sure that we are where the fish are, said Damien, and a lot more of the fish now are online
working on a fantastic skokiestory - will post it soon
It's 4/20. It's Little 5. This is the day IU was made for! Rally, Hoosiers!
How is meditation going to help? This is about CASH!
Oh yes, the worst “: Inter-period interviews are even worse than halftime interviews. These poor athletes! These sad journalists!”
Hello guys great site,
Just made plane reservations for Israel. Attending Yad Vashem's 8th International Conf. Abstract was accepted - working on presentation.
things are very clear in Balty as well David!!!!
I know what you mean. Life gets rough, but remember who to look to... The big man upstairs(: Hope you smile!
Why do i even ask??
I was just thrusting to Take It To the Hole when I unlock my phone and see a beautiful picture of the boys together. #JesusWantedItThisWay <U+E418>
good luck with the draft this weekend.. Let us kno where the party at boys in there lol
One out of four ain't bad. : Sabonis: ''Doctors told me: no smoking, no drinking, no basketball. Only sex is left''
aww love it
shit. gotta re-think now.
Listening to the whistling wind that is our ventilation system. Good thing it's usually too busy to hear this. I hate it!
RT : So exciting to see at #P2Accessorize4Mom you look #wonderful :)
Emily Dickinson: The possible's slow fuse is lit by the imagination.
What must be done before you find out I'm playing for keeps?
whats your favorite new kids on the block song???? #rydervszigglerWM29 tryin again
Love convenience of Kinkos/Fedex shops everywhere, if not the cost of getting a doc back to the East Coast in a hurry. Sigh.
So stoked to be part of 's team at the U.
I think you know what time it is - it's time to get ill!!!
He had to score with his head, didn't he?
FDA approves Afinitor for non-cancerous kidney tumors caused by rare genetic disease
Work be so Damn boring I swear we dnt Neva have customers
How how I love golf <3
Would you be mad if he was texting other people while he's out with YOU??
Ray Chen: Haven't looked at the "current spasm" of smartphone patents specifically, but is looking at reexamination processes broadly
Lol. my friends that know all of their names are like "mmh SURE!" They like smirk &I'm like "Shut Up! You're giving it away!
I have, actually. I did a paper on him last year in my ab psych class after watching that movie. Fascinating man.
Wanna get in on the #MKEShindig?! , & team are just a few of the fantastic home-grown sponsors!
RT : If you want to get somewhere before sundown, you can't stop at every tavern./uNLESs u r going west-really fast!
Great shares, keep em coming. PS - just picked up the SPL rights in the U.S., Old Firm Derby around the corner!
Broncos waive DT Jeremy Jarmon to create room for newly-signed CB Drayton Florence.
Off to a workout before the first episode of the Bachelorette!
Love the new pic! #pretty #NM #ABQ Have a great day!
Scratch that... Can someone tell me how I missed the news that Amy Winehouse died?!?!
Man I Need Oomf Number! Lols
#HowAboutWe just admit we're perfect for eachother.
dang it u always blame me :P
Sold the coffee shop a number of years ago. It's still open. Just not us. We've got a few big announcents soon so stay tuned!
Just finished the movie Twelve. It's full of drugs and childish behavior.
you gonna do another twitcam or should i go sleep
damn nigga u gang banging on bacon lol
- Oh, you're a patriots fan? Hmm.. that might be a problem :P We all like the around here! ;) I guess we can overlook it!
Gotta go with the Clint Eastwood Chrysler ad, just for its scale and gravitas.
Thanks so much you are so kind!
Babygirl, my feelins for you is sumpthin' like the opposite of my feelins for Ottawa, now c'mere
Swear i just heard someone whisper something to me in my house but everyone else is asleep..... OMG!!!!!!!!!! :((((((
It's true. We do enjoy tasty watermelon. But let's keep that between us.
I have an audition for Sweeny Todd in two weeks. I need a vocal coach.
On a reading kick. Have finished 2 in the last week, and nearly half done with Son of a Witch by Gregory Maguire.
You just made me cry while claiming that you love me.. </3
Do not click this .I bet you 78% of you guys did this.
where did you grow up jeff?
Still having to correct people when they pronounce 'Austin MahoneY'.
A little less well known is "Out of My League" by Stephen Speaks.
Dying due to lack of sleep
Every time we buy Honey Combs & I see WeTheKings on a box,I remember warped when me n my bro saw them n got stuck in the middle of a moshpit
The Maze Runner book is soo good!!!
In Mexico they kill you twice: they kill you and then they kill your reputation.
The people have spoken. Chapman warming up on the mound. Beginning of 8th inning
Yes, how are you?
Watching the Kids Choice Awards with my nephew and I'm honestly not sure who is having more fun?!? Lol I just love him lots and lots!
Wow! That's pretty cool!
looking for spanish / english bi-lingual affiliate mareters for an amazing product 75% commsion.. and 7-8% click through rate,
Fuzzy slippers tells no lies
I made dinner(: this ishh on P O I N T !(:
Thanks for all the support continue following, Youtube page in progress.
Big ups to the newly minted Dr. congrats, Suzanne!
exams suck
completed her food and exercise diary for 11/02/2011 and was under her calorie goal
Ha Chill Out Rick Ross
I have some interesting news.
WTF did you do now??
Sometimes I'm in a daze and use the iPhone passcode screen as a calculator
Gotta let it go, ya like someone else…
Pickup lines for old people: Grandpa: Hey baby, you better call life alert, cause ive fallen for you and cant get up.
Wah happen O.o
Mid-Week Motivation!! "Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself." Theodore T. Hunger
Rock on!
Just got to Decibel, KISS night guy Haze is tearing it up on the 1's & 2's!
The government of Izumi-Sano is accepting applications from companies for the rights to rename their city.
Part of the ongoing evolution of the Design District.
two scenes away from being off-book for Monday's rehearsal
rocking rhetorical criticism=awesome! Looking forward to your analysis of GWB's crisis and tragedy rhetoric.
RT : I think Z'Tejas has the best happy hour (in my most biased opinion!) RT : ok then z tejas or another...
where are you? I don't see ya!
Mad dunk by #badgers big man
Thank you BOD for all you do: #smchi (pls RT if you feel the same!)
that should be a good trip to S.D.....
HA! I'm not braggin... but are you impressed! HA! JK jk! Trust me... if it weren't for you I wouldn't have 2 @ mentions HA!
Hey Steve! Enjoyed your tweets today on #HFChat. Thanks for the follow!
Hey Guys! we hiring now at our woodfield mall location please send resume to
I'm so tired...
I'm coming back to twitter :)
app store
Had fun getting KOed lol. Good luck with the rest of the filming!
Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there - Will Rogers
I've been looking for answers for awhile now and I'm just not finding any
changingg my number
lmfao. I'm knowing.
thanks!!! Can't wait to work with you all!! How are you doing?
OMG IK LIKE JUST STOP..
Good morning y'all! Make today a great one
I remember the first time I heard Justin Bieber on the radio..at an ice cream shop in Washington. I thought he was a girl.
Out of curiosity, what do you consider "conquering" it? By just finish? By a time goal? By feel? I ask because I just did my 4th
thanks for the compliment
TY for the follow! Congrats on the new album coming out!
well dem is mines den.. better wrap them johns up
I've always loved all the energy/emotion an airport carries.
Just got approached by Ray Charles daughter tonight after a performance.... wow. Made my night!
My Man is ALL THAT & THEN SOME!!!! He is working so hard today... So I'm up making him breakfast to take to his job. :-)
i love who you follow on this!
RT : Thanks /your welcome
So I'm still in Iowa.....
in JUST two days!!!
Wide awake.. everyones asleep..
i love you boo <3
then we will be friends forever
that's really nice of you!
The Truth huge! KG playing like he just came into the league & Rondo redemption on last play! Bring on the Sixers!!!
i like Zibby better, but Haruki should've been cheap enough to keep. Carolina offers him more PT though
loud neighbors = LOSING.... someone get me outta here
Sorry I've been ignoring you, twitter. Work is crazyland.
Solid day. Solid beginning to the week. All day meetings tomorrow than back at it again.
FOLLOW THIS GUY !
Hey Nashville! I'm playing at Drifters tomorrow night (4/27) at 9:00pm!
awww thanks! Actually saw a card section in Walgreens dedicated to it. Impressed
Just found out today that my wife and I will be having a baby girl
Big shows coming up in Nevada (playing live percussion for Notown beats House DJ's Johnno & Jaimie)...
45S is a parking lot btw
Dear Jesus: I know people think you're important, but starting your birthday celebration in October isn't cool. You get a day; not a season.
my house long island !!!! <3 so excited
Asm Lowenthal: Price of forgetting is so terribly high.
Watching " The Miracle Worker" on Anne Bancroft and Patty Duke are amazing every time I watch this movie
ME EITHER!!!
At Coppin U for announcement of new portal to bring digital equity to all, www.digitalliteracy.gov.
I need more than 11 followers! Come on people you can do better than that! I'll follow you all the way hun!
RT : RT : Hire for judgement, not for social media aptitude when dealing with a social media crisis
AMC Theaters offers 2 FREE Movie Vouchers to new Apartment Residents in Orlando and Tampa. Posting January 1st, 2012.
Love az but cant stand my mom for a long period of time
Do you like to workout?
Thanks ! Really diggin' the bkgd on your twitter profile. Very cool.
You bet!
#poortoby that was pretty sad :(
Wow, Posterous got aquired by Twitter, that sounds interesting!
My tattoo Is done!! YAY!! That little Ass tattoo wasn't no joke!!
Whaaa? The one I know is from 1976!
It's raining and pouring and the old man is snoring. But I'm LA dumping the old & makIng room for the new !!! #WestWeek ...
yay! I can't wait!;)
I guess we're just cutting edge ;)
Good day today. Going to get my hair cut, then shopping, then sleepover. I<3weekends (:
MAHOMIES Love Austin !
Ladies, you don't need to have an attractive body or face, to have that attractive somebody. Just BE YOURSELF, confident with yourself!
Accessibility Camp DC will be Oct, 9, 2010. Registration will open Monday August 16, 2010, at 12 PM EST. Looking into hotel pricing.
Just starting THE Trade Show in Harrisburg, PA. The build up was insane and I'm one of only 6 vendors here.
Vacationing in FL & it's 65, while back home in TX it's 80. :(
I am so excited to go to the beach all summer
I love getting ready under the Fluro lights in the gym change rooms. You know it's the worst you will look all day :D Sensational
The scraggly goatee per capita at the Royals-Twins game is out of the world. Odd Mauer can't grow one.
So now that is legal is it ok to have an old lady crush on him LOL this 28 year old needs to know! :)
I was accepted into Handmade Arcade! My first time as a vendor. Save the date: Nov. 12th 11-7 at the Convention Center. Please come visit.
I dont have a comeback for that, thats a first.
I understand that lol!!
nothing but LOVE!!!!!!
I've chatted with Chris the author of your article. I like the tough photo. My photog was terrible.
Checking out the new menu at iNG restaurant tonight. Time to flavor trip, I'm excited!
make cook crabs sat evening. U coming?
It's not a very big step from contentment to complacency. - Simone de Beauvoir
This episode of #FamilyGuy is based off the move #Taken. Its too funny!!!
Did you Know: WWE #1 on Facebook: WWE is the #1 most talked about brand page on Facebook, with more followers than Nike, Pepsi, UFC, HBO ...
Using Cinco de Mayo as an excuse to drink margaritas now.
The Jorts video may be the best one you've done!!! Good job!!
I rather like taking matter on to my own hands... Just means trouble is around the corner <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
you so totally won that slammy bro and yea tonight was totally #SSSIIICCCKKK broski but in a good way ! Woo Woo Woo !
Thank you my friend! :)
Ed is corkyinacoolkindaway!! Go Ed but don't let them do that to you please.........
it open next week?
or when Edward Scissorhands gets arrested! :'(
Call yourself Directioner , So click button and Follow !Go follow!they share facts , imagine and all thing about 1D
I haven't been this happy in awhile.
I have a heart attack everytime the church falls on johnny
He is so awesome :)
Thanks for RT of a newbie Tweeter's tweets. My debut novel Pilot Error is on the way and needs all the t-help is can get. GO INDIE
Blazers Summer: Get a new GM, Get a NEW coach, REBUILD via draft and free agency! WOW Big DAY in P-Town!!
follow me
Thanks for the follow! Have you seen the FB page?
Thanks!! Hope you enjoy...
Honorable Mention: Tom Brady sure knows how to play the field. The New England Patriots quarterback
My #FridayRead includes "Imagine: How Creativity Works" by
Currently-baking bread machine recipe will be called "lets find out what happens if you don't have enough yeast." Blech bread, here I come
Preparations are underway for the Performance tonight at Holocene! Doors open at 7pm, show starts at 7:30pm!
I mean Amanii
....what? >:O FUCK LIFE. I HATE STUPID ENDINGS. ASDFGHJKL.
what's up buddy
Kind of windy today. Not COOL >:o(
#2thingiapreciate 1 when the rangers win 2 they must get into the stanley cup
is live on right now! make sure you're watching!
Just saved $175 by switching to Pirate Library and downloading my textbook for free.
Thanks so much. We have fun making our videos.
Hanging w da
yes! Randy is wrong! excellent job!
we got the twitter app on our visio TV!
yea nd u was suppose to call me bck
At a Story Corps meeting. Anybody want to get interviewed for the Library of Congress?
Was on the #4 train at the height of rush hour yesterday - not a good place for a person with anxiety. I had to access my happy place.
Thank you Pete! Hope you're great!
Hello Spring!
Oh how I love models casting day at the Departures office...
Can't wait 2 get off work 2day...no double and spending time wit my baby later #yay :)
Doesn't sit well with me that newest major stakeholder of Twitter is part of a regime that opresses women. But what can be done about it?
Tweet about your favorite teacher. It's Appreciation Day! Mine was Mrs Brooks 9th grade. Encouraged me to be a writer. :)
..omg I had a dream last night that I was in #TheHungerGames and was running through the forest with #PeetaMellark. What an amazing dream <3
thanks! see you later expedia....
"In God we trust; all others must bring data." ~ W. Edwards Deming
Mobbin wit my baby momma today
I rushed home from work and now I don't know why. The minutes are just going by so slowly. :(
Ooh you have a motorcycle and can rev up like a badass, must make you feel better for being a complete fuckin douchebag!
Oh gOd. I look like the girl from Brave stZxghjkcxgvnkfghjlghjdljskdjn
Oh, looks like we might have much more data than we originally planned to hack on. Stay tuned.
“: people that start and spread rumors<<< #really??” ahem..
If they had known anything about you, that thing would have been covered in cupcakes and/or kitties.
latour needs to start making a bit more sense - he's got 3 days to do so.
grizz doing work? dang straight!
It's not enough to denounce #Limbaugh's rhetoric. Pulling your ads will send a clear message. I hope you reconsider.
No I'm still alive!! ;D I haven't been on Twitter in a while but I'm gonna start signing in more often, how are ya?
time to watch the soup
ECB's Asmussen Praises Fiscal Compact, Calls For Ambitious Timetable -Report - Wall Street Journal
they start at a 32 band!!! Woo Hooo!!!
pone el el app store voxer walkie talkie ;)
The Bears heard other teams were interested in McClellin so they picked him. LOL
Anyone ever use imockups for iPad? It seems useful for quick flows and wires. I'd love to hear some how you use it.
What is the meaning of all this
I have so much band merch. that I have no where to put it all .-.
Actually their playing a couple of Etta's tracks. Now tracking with "Trust Me" immediately followed by "Sunday Kind of Love".
Bought random bottle of zin, Wingnut. Opinions on it?
I've always put stock in paint color names. I should have known "blue pansy" was a dud. "Storms end" is much better for the guest room.
I like the feeling of writing on paper that I can't replicate. Unfortunately I have a stack of notebooks that can't be searched.
Clones of Ryan Raburn that can play every position and bat in all 9 spots.
Hooker hated nickname "Fighting Joe Hooker" sounded "hot headed". GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL by CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
FA MULAN. Now, pour the tea.
Bc what is happening now is not and the system broke down b4 NCLB. We need public schools..no doubt..make it right
Great! we could all have a group orgy... as long as they are of age they can touch me.
Just one of those days.</3
nothing too interesting. Won a bunch of small pots then busted a shortie for 13k 99>AK.
Hi my name is... And I like to spork. Cuddlers Anonymous Confession
Tiger, Tiger- me thinks shaky knees are normal when Cleaning so close to a cute but roaring striped kitty
before i judge somebody i try to look at the situation from their prospective.
RT : Less than 2 hours until the 24 hour Tip-Off Marathon begins
Happy Birthday Betty White <3
Website for UIC Art History Grad Student Association almost live! Lotsa goodies. If you want to help beta test, let me know!
they make their living that way so who knows if it will work
Happy Turkey Day, tweeps!
Today on the train I could hear music from the iPod of the guy next to me better than I could hear my own. MLINY
Dont Expect Perfection In Your Progression, Expect Living Within Your Lessons
stamkos can't be stopped
Ahh, very good! Hang in there...income on the way I know! :)
Sesame kale is so good!
:/ friggin canyon! It said i missed you and your other half, and was hoping to see you today/tonight
Thank goodness...ready for my girls night
Already drooling in anticipation of the Whole Hog Butchery and Pig Out with at tonight.
Thanks a lot! You got it!
miss the days of study guides with answers attached to them
Did you joust or eat aa giant leg of meat? If not, there's room for improvement!
Omg tyc so much Josh! RT : Just purchased "love on acid"and girl I'm on the 4th time hittin replay...
"No Filter" & "Details in Notes Field" errors. Ovid & EndNote not talking to each other except on MacBookPro. Weird.
I've been texting my mom all day
yard man or eligant. your choice
poor nose cant take much more.
Love watching Ufc.
Hello!! Luv it there! RT hey Im in Nashville!
“: Last day being 24 years old. Getting old!! #oldman” lol I turn 35 Tuesday and my son turns 10 Wed. Now that makes me old
that's why were good for each other ;D
2nd time at the #dome in 3 wks & I see why #Vikings want new stadium
Great kill for
Last night someone was saying in chat that he wasn't going to buy skullgirls till it had an ingame movelist. I can't believe I read that.
Feels good knowing i dont have to get up for school.
Whoa... left the tv on and woke up to
Did You Know: was once in a sketch comedy group called R.A.S.H. - Random Acts of Senseless Humor. He was the unfunny one.
Hope you all have a fabulous weekend !!
A TV ad cannot care. Only you can do that.
when spirituality becomes too serious the sacred gets lost--or vice versa
Jaelle just called me a "lucky duck" lmao
When I listen to Ke$ha I think of and (x
Storms were horrible here in the south, but luckily one didn't hit my county, but it hit the one next to me
It's the end of a very long, but extremely fun day in Pittsburgh. Thanks for tagging along. I'll report back again tomorrow!
RT : School Board member Nakamura may not make it to runoff election to defend her seat. : bit.ly/bLLhQO
Wow--thanks! We will likely be back next Thursday night.
Happy first of May to all my circus peeps!
": Up to early west coast. 4 am tragic. Counting backwards......hey there your up early!!!
Dave Cuillier tip for journalism students @ #SPJR9 conf: add "death" to any headline and it'll be a Sunday p1 story. :-)
You nurture me, protect me from those nasty rain storms, and keep me warm on these cold lonely nights. You're the house I've grown to love.
As a goal oriented person I need this: Joy is found not in finishing an activity but in doing it. Seriously Thankss
any time!
I'm a huge fan!!! #neverSayNever is my favorite movie/song
The #caps lost. Good game. I admire the dedicated fans. Go Caps.
Always nice seeing our Swoop! Thanks for coming out last night for show! RT : save me a seat!!
is still actively iso PT gigs on Baltimore/DC Radio or SATRAD. Thanks for the great leads so far. If you have one, please pass it on.
I don't know how I'd wake up in the a.m. without my Coffee & Episode of #TheBigBangTheory. Thanks for starting my days right!!
Could you let me know soon? I wanna be able to have another Warped Tour experience with chew ^.^
me & him are getting so high right now off these whipits. giving each other head n shit ;)
If You Use "Oomf" All The Time, You Are A Hoe!
until you jam in a jumbo tampon!
Listening to your mom and sister bitch. <<<<
I've been getting alot of followers lately
What on earth goes on in Ron Artest's head!? There is something seriously wrong with that man. Goodness.
Look at me turkey
Thanks on this we're considering it.
can't wait for Sunday! Part 1 of our interview with will air!
I didn't want to lose your wonderful voice.
#askScandal is a lit. geek like I imagine she is? Are you, Kerry? You read one of my fave books recently.
"Grown up"?... What? Is that just some lame rationalization of your pathetic lifestyle?
thank you for the follow, we would love to meet with your magazine and talk, please call Uri direct at 760-613-8290 thank you.
Had a great day of UK football interviews for future story. ...
Enjoyed a Lovely evening with a Lovely Lady!! Also, Tara Tinsley Rocks! Check her out!!
so cute! How old is she, she is so teeny
I wish I was a little bit taller, I wish I was a baller, I wish I had a girl who looked good I would call her!!!
time to move on with my life
Tara can not be buck unless she transitions, hahaha xD
I've kinda fallen inlove with your story :3
Yeah the shot we saw was of the fans on the left field line. I figured it was a foul ball. Nice camera work lol not
Dare yourself to be creative today. Shoot a video, edit, and upload it! Who knows, it may become viral in a few hours. :D
This apple is DELICIOUS.
You are what you think about all day long.~ Robert Schuller
and ' sweet sixteen tonight!! Pumped, y0000~
Kids are doing homework tonight. I had to help one think about Shakespeare. Ugh. Had to really rack my brain for that.
Why is there a disclaimer on the Allstate Auto Insurance commericals that says "Not available in all states"?
Just heard from a staffer I emailed in mid-March who acted like it was just received. Glad to get the response, but wow
hi! Thanks so much! I love ur icon too! She's so adorable!:] xo
Thank you guys! And now we love YOU! just heard you on the film vault. Loved it! Really terrific stuff.
Removing mold carefully and correctly is crucial to be sure the spread of the spores does not expose anyone or anything!
Worse for PR: $20 Red Sox tickets or ending sellout streak... RT Red Sox advertising tickets for May 1st-6th starting at $20
how are you insperating is it your hair your eyes your smile or just you im still figureing out what its is
Many would disagree, myself included. But I'll take it!! xo
Oh please. It's no secret that you want her. she'll be all yours when he dies.
very cute! ;)
Yo, Richmond! We will debut our 2010 Cabernet Sauvignon & Cabernet Franc at the #vawine Expo this weekend! #rva #wine Do come see us!
Laughing is the best medicine. But laughing for no reason, you need medicine.
OMG!!! 3 DAYS without INTERNET and a phone...technology sucks...especially when it isn't working through no fault of your own!!!
that's a pretty incredible movie isn't it? We sponsored several viewings of it!
Just found out this person who can't figure out anything I draw on draw something is Russian. They used all these crazy Russian letters ...
Why do people tend to fall in other people's path?
Reading, #writing, loving.
Had a fitting for my music video shooting this weekend! You're not going to expect whats in store for you! Guess what's the next single
Only on #youtube can you watch the #WTCprogress and drift aimlessly till you end up on #ThatsWhatSheSaid jokes
I'm in your favorites:) I feel special!!;)
A good,low protein snack is a few slices of baked chicken but skip the skin.
just let me know nigga
Had a great weekend meeting and wishes him all the best where ever he ends up!
God is so good, 2012 is the best year of my life since 1992 (when I had my only child) Have A Great Day!!!
All in all pretty disappointed in #idol tonight. Casey, James, Naima kept it interesting. The rest? Meh!
Toby Keith is coming out with some good music . "beers ago" is a good one lol
Aaaaaaaaaahhhhh!!! We did awesome Iloooveyouuu guys!
bro its popping.. but the internet is turnt down. Lol
rude cant even tag me!!!!! and thats not what the #sxswswag tag is for
CSR Strengthens Its Audio Platform with High Fidelity Class-D Amplifier Technology
I want more hugs.
Merry Christmas to YOU!
IN THESE COLD STREETS RT where u gonna be at round 5
Yay, in case you've forgotten: nice, honest people DO still exist! Kind stranger found a check I dropped and returned it w/ nice note. Phew!
Feel like I didn't even sleep. Just closed my eyes and my alarm goes off
You're obviously not about that life den
Obama is “seem[ing] intent on following a similar path”to Hitler and Stalin, says #Catholic Bishop Daniel Jenky, w no outcry form the
What do you want done?
On my ten minute break.
is updating her twitter and facebook account, and checking out her myspace, and honestly, has little left to say.
I suppose that will suffice. But
too bad party schools are only decided based off the number of drinking tickets handed out. Fuck excise <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AE><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Miss you too baby girl !!!
great photos!!
cause loves her some green. haha.
My head hurts
headed to the bulldog for a beer
Thanks again for the free publicity!
@ JessicaChasmar thanks for the follow from an ex LiveFree or Die stater......and a Gov McDonnell appointee
I'm curious to know what you think about John Mayer's direction with the soon-to-be released CD and his new single, Shadow Days. Fan or not?
any word on danilo 4 tonight?
While i'm here #ThinkinBoutYou you're there thinking about her <l3...
Hey man sorry we didn't get to meet up in Austin. Hope you had a great sxsw. I'll be in SEA week of 3/25. Want to grab a coffee?
I'm working on my taxes. Eek!
Thanks for following!!!!
Did anyone else enter the superfan MTV thing ???
Interesting debate: Are video games Art? What is your opinion?
Conceptualizing is planting seeds for a tree, for shade you will never sit under - Vicki Clark
lol no girl they can say it too!
Three cheers to Fred Kirschenmann for highlighting nutrient density. It's oft-overlooked in discussions of obesity.
Roses are blue. Violets are red. I'm bad at poetry. Bacon.
Just reporting: RT : Contrary to their popular image as spinsters, the avg librarian has 5.9 random sex partners per year.
Very good lesson to be learned ": RT : ... the decision to have sex is not the decision to have a baby..."
You know you are too old for #trick-or-treating when you ask for a #snickers and a tampon.
**HUGE TANNING SPECIAL TODAY that you will not want to miss! Your AGE is your DISCOUNT!!!** Hurry in to one of our 8 salons today!
Heads pounding but pregaming now! Roll tide
When asked what are your biggest concers about social media? main concern is that it will take a lot of fime, confidential info will leak.
And the countdown begins for Three Dog Night at ! Can't waaaiiittt!
ill punch you in yo sleep
thanx, miss talking to my Serena :(
He said "NCIS" and people shouting and fighting and carrying on. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I can do that:)
Aww, thanks! We'll pass your compliment along to Rachel!
Headed to Hagerstown for the Washington County Poetry Out Loud competition!
idk, I need a partner I don't have to carry lmfao
i wanna f**k someone that i love <3 <3 xx
"Your SWAG is hot" huh? Sexy Woman Anointed Go Getter. Did he make that up? Either way #Ilikeit. Pls sir proceed to the front of the line
like two weeks ago I was trying to tag you and I could not find you at all and thought maybe you changed named or deleted.
U have to have a reason...
the scream tour should have come to newark nj, but still cant wait till yall come NY its gonna be awsome.. 1.4.3 :)
On May 19th join millions of women as we #GOBEAUTYGONATURAL ...more info at ..#RETWEET!!!
Yeah, there's really no reason not to buy Groupons/LivingSocials. It's basically like free monies.
i want a skutt catholic sweatshirt .... i don't know why .
Chillwave is the Cinemax of music genres.
what about me bitch.I'm out too
I don't know, I'm pretty positive Nada Surf is the best band in the universe.
who do you think is gonna take it all the way?
Tomorrow night - Tina Moore, feat the Just Us Trio, at 9:30! Don't miss this amazing all ages, no cover show.
A look into my Wednesday morning. Anyway off to the races.
Had a great time in NYC with my mom! Got to see Mama Mia! And random plays in the park :)
My mom gets a thrill from stealing salt and pepper shakers from restaurants.
Kibitzer synonyms: Meddler, busybody, buttinsky, snoop. Come kibitz with TACT starting tomorrow night at 7pm!
If you still internet beef. Just delete every page you ever made cause obviously you still have some maturing to do
Using shiny new Amp earbuds for work tunes.
Night, y'all! I'm tired!
hi tiffany and friends happy wednesday to you
jameison and a cigarillo..
we took most of the photographs ourselves and believe that the balance came from the restaurants' websites.
RT Stop by West Valley Library and fill out your postcard to save the libraries! RT Postcard drive is on!
You are not alone! Even though Spider Man 3 was shitty, I'd much rater see a 4th film with Toby then a Reboot!
Ciclavia is TODAY!!! Get out and ride the streets!
hahaha he called the guy back and was talking all nice and shit lol. What a bitch. I even told him what to say..
I like to do core work before and after every strength session, as part of the warm-up and cool-down.
Hey You! Sapnin?
yeah dude.
:) . I Was Walking In The Hallway Right ? & These Two Girls Walk Up & They Say " Oh He's Cute :) " One Phrase . #IThankGod .
Wow, I really haven't tweeted in a while!!
i wore a bikini to that and my sister & her girlfriend were super stoned & mallory cried cause she was scared that was a good day
Breakfast at Runcible Spoon con mi madre then back to Normal.
Well that was a busy weekend... but I can't complain! I love what I do!
Don't you have some kids to send outside to wave at the satellite?
"Stop bullying beliebers no they're all bullies" we're not all bullies, and yes some beliebers are but not all of them. im not so.
Glad to hear it! RT : Yo the man! Yo-Yo Ma and the silk road ensemble was amazing!
Wow Killed it tonight i loved your stage presences, energy , HAIR and OUTFIT lol cant wait to see
Thanks Evan!
Gym then cook then shred
I really hate not having grandparents...
I'm finished! I used the #finish tag, but it must not have worked.
Upset, Upset??
Why is it that the things we desire most in life are often those that are not really of a tangible nature
Running and agilities kicked my ass! Felt like I have been hit by a freight train.
....there's that fucking yippie dog AGAIN!!! BUY A REAL DOG!!
Did it take a retweet of one of my photos to get more followers? LOL
Taking a nap
Good morning. Sending you Florida's warm and sunshine.Have a great day!
The world is noisy. Distractions are everywhere. Never forget to spend quantity and quality time with those who matter most.
About to workout. The first time since my knee blew out more than a month ago. I said my prayers.
Has he never been to Indiana? That's crazy talk. IN is far more connected to the Hoosiers.
well I may or may not have chased one down the block last summer..barefoot. Maybe.
like I said, the Badgers never lose at the Pit, Jon Bryant (don't call him Ryan!) would be proud
Ok finishing up website today. Adding the last bit of content and we should be ready to launch by Wednesday.
i loved you and 's video! :D made me laugh! :P
Friendly reminder that we have all sorts of new clothes and accessories coming in everyday for fall!
Where can I purchase your book?
#FF Ted Thompson beat me in a contest and is really, really, really good.
Tonight we will be a guest on the Techno-Granny show tune for tips on how to use LinkedIn Groups more effectively.
Thanks fellows! If I survive this dip into Twitter and write more useful tests I'll agree with the chainsaw bear bit. :)
Polaroid should buy this or partner with them.
suppliers fall short in rfp process, they don't do a good job differentiating their services, they r not asking questions.
your son doesn't know how to tell time.
Hi. Whose faces on the baboon tushes? Thanks.
So we will have some news soon regarding everything going on with us. So bear with us while we figure all this shit out.
out of town
Does anyone know any SEO's looking for mid-term contract gig? Requires travel and some onsite work.. pays well, great exposure. let me know!
Need a fabulous sangria recipe....
yes i don,t like to hurt anyone
lol..I still have to get used to it.But yeah I lost some weight not from working out tho..Fat ppl Hate my metabolism,lol.;)
Because some females be having some fucked up shit! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>RT : Why do some men have a problem w weave.!? Your ass isnt paying for it.
The #ISCW12 hashtag has gone to sleep after blowing up my tweetdeck all day. Now I'm waiting for the drunk tweets to start up after dinner.
and if you need ANYTHING let me know I'm ALWAYS here bestfriend. No matter time or day :) PROMISE!
Getting ready to go to the Yankee game!
Hi, i wasted a lot of time liking you.
Finally finished Day 11 Rocky challenge. I know I'm a day behind but I'm determined to finish
Lol, yes it did. But it was strange, I never am able to catch my mentions in my timeline, but yours was there when I loaded.
what's poppin with the negotiations?? Time to win!
me too. Not sure if mine was up yet.
#ilovebieber because he is the only idol that always keeps his fans in mind and hasn't let the fame get to his head :)
<---Desperately procrastinating. PGs: 96 NBA Draft #DerekFisher lasted longer than the much more highly touted
thats the only kind of ballin i do
We are the most interesting renters in the world. We don't always use websites. But when we do, we prefer domu.
“: anyone online horny??” I am fucken horny right know I want some action
Alright time to repierce this babies. ah its going to hurt reopening them.
I need to cut my haairrrr!
I'm mad deshawn raw is battling Chris rock on battle parody 4 lmao
"Get out of my head and into my car."
I would give anything just to have amazing u to follow me please make my wish come true and follow me back tonight amazing <33
Bennett: Almost all of times the state's intervened in a district and loaned money to district can be traced back to dist's own decisions.
Prayer helps everything.
#artpolitics hauntology is a spectral sonic uncanny. Preservation of the voices of the dead always an issue.
that's where my dad has worked for 46 years.
I want to have a run in the rain... #Intense!!!
ok every 1 I have 2 do some thing talk 2 u soon :)
what did ya buy me?
#Imagine You say MY Name On E! NEWS Saying 'Tatiana Randall & Zayn Malik Dating' :) <3
Will there be a season two? I really love the show. Kudos to ALL involved. And you act your pants off, lady! *applause*
Lost my grandad this time last year..cant lose my grandmom too.. hope she gets better.. and Jan as well.. not a very good weekend.
Guess which #RedSox closing pitcher I am missing right now?
I'm not saying the thesis was awful but....
I didn't say it was a bad thing! That beard is awesome!
Back in Burlington. Tonight's homework is to prepare a persuasive 1 min. elevator talk that I'll perform for my 30 new friends.
RIP co founder of Apple... Steve Jobs :(
what do you mean? I always wear glasses and sip on green tea reading my anth book with indie music!
good. Just busy as ever. Workin on my
I feel like the universe is trying to see how far I bend before I break.
She wouldn't let me listen to rap music or watch violent/sex filled movies growing up. Now I'm wrapping and writing sex scenes lol
Well, then, you obviously did it wrong.
Kick rocks cuz anything you say is straight bull shit
so your using my ring to cover up my name with a new nigga name lol he seems a great guy lol really grow up
Huge thanks to and of for being awesome guests here on #mediachat tonight!
Good morning guys - Looking forward to seeing all my Tampa friends this weekend. CLUB MIXES w LIVE GUITARS at The Hard Rock this Fri.
Be here now.
put me on to your shit, fuck with me though. Nate vas
i think his air time could probably use some work...
Let's GEAUX Saints!
iM PRETTY SURE YOU BiTCHES KNO NOT TO TALK CRAZii
Tebow traded to Jets...thanks so much for the great year TT!!
for real even on facebook ? That's very blatent.
he gave a damn bout meeting her and yes was this a video you saw? If so him not being the complete blossom of kindness he always is
2 job offers made to me and another interview for a third job. Not stopping til the salary is just right.
#Bbworld11 New view with "My Stream" for personalized learning experience.
hey you should come to the Dear Timothy concert tonight at 7:00. It's gonna be awesome. Bring $5.
might miss u :( leaving for Austin Monday
all day daily
I hate my friends
Hey, sounds perfect.
U make love go bang bang bang!!
i cheered up my gf and made her day after the worst thing that can ever happen to her
Then she's a lucky one. Most people I know who've tried it are getting very little out of it.
RT Everyday alive is a blessing. We often forget how blessed we really are.
hahaha. one exam's done. another to go this week. life's been busy, but good. trying to graduate on time. how are you doing?
Happy #420 Las Vegas!
New Electrolux Frigidaire side-by-side refrigerator/freezer not ...
Whoa. Obliviating miles before they are even run? This is a special kind of magics.
Make today a Ruth's day!
Likewise! RT Tremendously excited to have coming to give the first talk at on Nov. 2!
Abby's filled my apartment with so much gas, it's floating.
Talked to someone who's primed for the evening version of the 11s. Can you feel the excitement?
One of the great new menu options from our salads is the Chicken Meatball Salad! Come by and experience it's delicious profile!
Bear in mind that your personality shapes your partner. And visa versa.
Stupid broncos
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :D
what to do, what to do
Oh yeah, forgot about that. I also like Gustavo Nuñez with Concertgebouw and Dag Jensen with Mito Chamber Orch. Both modern.
It makes me sad to think there is ANYONE doing ANYTHING to Nickelback.
: hey, hey Cali!! How's it shaking?!
wore my new Komodo to school today
It's gonna be a cold, wet softball game tonight in Roseville..
maybe some nail polish? A bright red would totally make his fur coat pop
Thanks for the mention and recognition of our services
I think the right term to describe our economy is deaccessionary. We suffer from high pressure to liquidate assets prematurely.
How's everyone doing ?!
One more day of eating what I want then back at it again Monday. Need a better performance than the weekend
Just sent you a DM.
My flight to San Fran seemed a bit empty. Then I realized the empty seats were being filled with 100 middle schoolers. Literal. Hell.
On a clear night, YES! #yum RT: : can you see the person st. krispy kreme sign from the governor's mansion?
how u doinnnn?
I hear ya... RT : So seriously. It's only Wednesday?
You couldn't be more wrong. Look up JP Gavinski. "had Uthoff not lived up to expectations they would have kicked him to the curb"
aw cool!(: Where?:D
I'm soclose to falling asleep at my desk.
12:25?Ugh...any chance you might have some info?
hey love
Love this. Thanks! RT : oh, yep. I assumed it was US destination. I really want you to brunch. I'll keep thinking... :-)
no jets for peyton.Just imagine Sporano (wearing sunglasses at night) tellin him 'sit down,wildcat time' on a big, late,3rd down
i just know what it feels like, so if ya need me, just give me a shout :)
Ayooo...The Producer Of JayPrince's Single "Stand and Deliver (Remix)" Ladies And Gents...Follow The Homie
Worry stunts spiritual growth...
Different today eh..How so?
Trina I got mine free....but yeah Its better than iphone
Here is my heart, please don't break it <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
I guess that's a good reason :) RT cuz they're cool and nobody wears them anymore. Very debonair.
Mazel! I'll check it out
Come to Natachee's tonight! Performing with and It's a PICKIN' PARTY y'all!
We are giving away another iPad! "Like" The Bienstock Group page on Facebook to be entered in the drawing for a chance to win an iPad3!
Hi to our newest followers!
September classes begin this weekend! Email 10% discount for those of you who sign up for September.
at the goat working come see me
I like Susan Allen Toth's writing, so it is cool to see what a whacky place she has! Thanks for posting.
just because the dmg isn't noticeable right now doesn't mean it's invisible- trees matter for the future, now affects that.
Left my sunglasses in TX and now my eyes are slightly inconvenienced as I go to work. Life is good if this is what I have to complain about.
Shower radio has changed my life. What a concept.
Girls that "ALL OF A SUDDEN" are bisexual.... Lmao. Ok.
Thank you all for coming out to the 2011 Greater Milwaukee Auto Show! Don't forget to post some of your pics to our wall!
Happy Tuesday!
FRIEND: "How was the test?" ME: "I failed." FRIEND: "Awe cheer up. You’ll do better next time." BEST FRIEND: "HAHA! I failed too! High-5!"
good to see. Time for people to start thinking like a top notch city. Dreaming of what the new Courtside Club may look like.
Beer and pizza for peeps. See you in a minute!
REMINDER Exam II review in class today
RDVO looking for information architects and front-end prototypers.
I was cheering at home :P I'm so happy
I find it hilarious that we live in a country that thinks counseling is somehow relevant to smoking marijuana.
#wow Have you seen an amazing set of women starting a business today. We found one true team Come Sat after sundown. 
Thank God..the Weekend is Here!!:)
I expect at least an entire chapter about me.
Erryone should follow cause we need to make that happen (:
Thanks for the follow The ancient one told me to say hello to Nick Kripple!
awesome -when are you in DC? I'm buying the first round ;) /cc
Grandma's meatloaf, I love you.
I love the idea of eating a 1/2 tsp of butter with every bite.
aimless is my middle name
One prime purpose of this life is to help others. And if you can’t help them, at least don’t hurt them ~~~~
RT : Three Breast Cancer Survivors Make Fitness a Top Priority - USA TODAY: Three Breast Cancer Survivors Make Fitnes......
I am SO happy to find on here, she is like a sweet wind of change blowing in my direction!
Kishenblatt-Gimblett: "Global resource for Jewish culture is not just composed of data, but of the knowledge the data creates"
Famous Idahoans - check out this page:
Rust is showing on the Celtics
Congrats to facebook winners: Keir Mclaren and Deborah Dobias, First and Fourth place winners!
Man In The Mirror stopped, Remember The Time begins :D *remembering Iman -_- *got jealous.
I'm in student activities, primarily advising the programming board. My practicum in the fall is fraternity & sorority life.
is spreading the word! Make your voice heard! #jerrykramer4hof #kramerincanton We will stand together in Canton!
When you accidentally like something on Facebook and you cant unlike it..
it better
"Is the Open Science Revolution For Real?" - on alternatives to trad. publishing, citing + AltMetric bit.ly/xyuttp
We are touching up a Black Knight 2000 playfield tonight.
Regional exam scoring idea: Shoot a cannon after each exam box is done like Hunger Games
I AM --Went last year and had a BLAST... so I'm doing it again this year!
Seek out holistic practitioners (acupuncturists, chiropractors, massage therapists, etc.) to experience natural relief from pain.
Your kidding right? okay, im done with you... its your turn to apoogizw, cuz i know i did nothing wrong this go around. Fuck you.
"Unzip the Real Mitt" is a great slogan, but will never happen.
wish i were going too. next year for sho.
So close to 2000.
Quincey has more assists for the other team than for Red Wings since he joined the squad. Now gets a 5 minute major.
The only thing on my mind today not winning
people buy only when have pain and money to rid the pain,"sell painkillers, not vitamins"
#honestly i think you've lost your mind.
Sex between a man and a woman can be absolutely wonderful - provided you get between the right man and the right woman.
. has your coverage for the Manchester Derby
North Carolina needs an ammendment to outlaw Josh Hamilton. He just whalopped that HR.
Your world is crumbling but you Tell me smile it dosnt make any sense at all its not fair And it feels so wrong
As I make peace with where I am right now and take inspired action, everything gets even better.
tired, you?
get #olivertwist available on pronto !!
Just walked into a pet store full of snakes and alligators .....all eyes were on me...I felt like I was lunch.
Nice to be back in Austin
'Open collaborates with others and marshals their words and content to reveal the truth.'
"Do course pages make research too easy for students?" Me: not at all. It's not like they do the research for you!
I feel sorry for anybody that ever date me.
Trying to sublet my room for the summer. Unfortunately, you'd have to live with
Nope they have to ruin what is a hobby to most of us, so they can feel important in some way. Put that effort into real life!
there is Sam Barrington for you! Thanks you too :)
; "she must mean nothing if you do what you do so, why do you do it if you know that's not true?"
on my way!
If your going to buy a used car, consider a aftermarket warranty with it. Not sure if its worth it? Call me and i'll explain. 719-550-8282.
should i go to sleep or play video games?
Omg Sianga is getting so grown lol I miss u guys :)
Such an awesome shot. Looks like me golfing.
NO didn't you hear my flow? Rojo is stuck in jail, because he couldnt get bail lmao
govt shutdown in t-minus...
Magic, hawks... Garbage
Also not a very good website.
14 of 18 for my picks
We got a show April 25th! make sure ya come out and support!
Who's Lorenzo?
Hahaha I love all of this
Huh...I didn't know that the phrase "jumped the shark" came from an episode of Happy Days where Fonzie actually jumped a shark.
I own one of each. Got the Strat recently after playing the Les Paul for years. Collection is complete!
Friends, have any of you hired from oDesk or Elance before? Suggestions 1st-timers?I'm looking at bookkeepers from Mauritius to Argentina...
a wife beater, a cry baby, a guy who won't sign, a backup from Oakland and a lazy receiver from south Carolina = cellar dweller.
This poor girl didn't pass her written test for her test! She's crying!
Announcing the WordStream Internet Marketing 150: The Top Internet Marketing Software/SaaS Providers 2012
follow me love(:
I called Peyton though, he'll be around. You're welcome.
I walk so much faster then everyone else.
hope u have a great day as well!
Got Hunger Game Tickets ( So Happy Twilight Teaser Is Getting Played At Premier of Hunger Games, That's Pat The reason I'm Going )
But search marketing done right is all about being wrong
google groups is great, but it still requires that additional step of logging in. in the past I've found that to be a barrier
Why is rush hour traffic in #miami getting worse!!!
Today was a nice day
True improvement is not mastering others, but mastering your prior self (a good quote the source of which I wish I had!)
What the fuuuuck
thss Rapppin game on the PS3 > > > : )
Congrats! Enjoy your new pest-free home.
Well yeah
RT Vote so hard that Walker feels it.
Behind the videos: Who is Jason Russell? (via )
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>RT : ESPN need to fire yo ass you don't know shit about basketball RT : Is Andre Miller a Hall of Famer?I say yes
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
that's a clean hat lol
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "If someone SERIOUSLY wants to be a part of your life, they will SERIOUSLY make an effort to be in it."
My only wish is that I die real. Because the truth hurts & those lies kill.
fair enough. is that something that you coach your players to do though? asking in all honesty, have never played myself.
Getting ready for a staff wellness seminar! Does your business have a corporate wellness program?
fuck students jobs g shit is too fixed
haha yes. They're adorable. <U+2665>
I would love it if you could.
Dam man I don't know what to do
m me too. i get regular AND grilled onions.
walking to work this early just makes me want to steal your newspaper.
Very nicely hand Paul our adoption papers...
You know you're a big fan when you've only heard a small part of #MILLIONBUCKS & it gets stuck in your head haha:)
"You always miss the shots you don't take" My mantra of the day.
Happy to be back teaching at KIFL. Love my classes there.
LOL at mom talking about how sexy dad used to be
My wife convinced me. I'm a lucky man.
Big thanks to Ernie Ball Strings, Brian Ball and Guitar Center for the opportunity to meet Eric Clapton in London later this month!
Watching Glee! Omg I am so dead right now! I love you Tina <3 Lol!
i love that song! = )
u think ur feet r....man I hope their grater is ready to go....
oh...Uh. sure. Thanks. *takes plate* it looks good thank you
Mothering and Motherhood in Ancient Greece and Rome edited by Lauren Hackworth Petersen F'11 now available from
Off Muskego to try to slow drivers down in a neighborhood where a family just lost a dog to an apparent speeding driver. Hope we can help!
Superstar house producer and dj Trent Cantrelle at Playhouse in Hollywood tonight. Hit me at (310) 971-3346 to RSVP or reserve a table.
What school taught me: Once a dumbass, always a dumbass.
It takes but 1 positive thought when given a chance to survive & thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts.
Last minute preparations... leaving for NYC day after tomorrow!
YUCK -- completely unreliable!
why do you think short bitches are cute hmm?
Happy Mothers Day
Won't happen as long as Mayweather keep looking for excuses. He knows he'll never beat Pacquiao.
RT DEC: AK salmon do not swim near Japan
playing with html...
did that article end abruptly or was it me? I didnt see a link for the article to continue..."He played baccarat. The end."
Is anybody ages 16-30 interested in sitting in on a focus group for a new clothing line on this Saturday? Drink and apps provided. LMK!
Skype date with the CuZZo ...I love that girl
I'm So Glad to call myself a #Mahomie Showing you some
who DOESN'T want to transfer!?
lol everybody was asking where jada
when will u make u comback
Just saw a chick who was at the bare minimum 6'7" and that is being generous
Thanks so much for being a friend!
People will hate you, rate you, shake you, and break you. But how strong you stand is what makes you.
Hi how are ya doing? :)
For me, waking me up in the morning is a crime equivalent to strangling a small child with a plastic bag.
Listening to Cynical Skin on repeat all day... 's voice gives me the chills.. xD
Silence over there on the East Coast!!! LOL
Oh, and also #IWannaMeet !! :) and and and and and EVERY awesome country singer on the radio!!!! :D
My voice is still gone.... No job is worth that
#iwish our dreams become a reality !!
So easy, yet so hard for people to understand. Kant would be proud, Susan.
I swear I wish it was a cure for Cancer..
make my dreams come true and make a love baby with
Seriously? 200 empty seats & you're gonna sit right next to me..if this person starts sneezing or coughing it's on..
I believe the bruins have it in them this year to not only take out the lightning but to also win the cup!
Never give up on something you worked so hard on in the first place .
“: God damn my boy looks good in the Benz ” HILARIOUS
lol Boi u r silly! We are heading that way in 5 days hopefully they'll get they act 2gthr by then.
RT : do you have mad #ariba skills?
1 thing that correlate y we have a weak safety net than other countries is the belief that ppl of color wld abuse the system
you do realize we all know, its on the board.
pissin shittn on.my self etc etc
Commission business meeting will begin in approximately 15 minutes due to traffic caused by an accident on the interstate.
"I fall, I rise, I make mistakes, I live, I learn, I've been hurt but I'm alive. I'm human, I'm not perfect but I'm thankful."
Leaving with Delbert tonight. In Charlotte at Neighborhood Theatre tomorrow night and Atlanta, at The Variety Playhouse on Saturday night.
like flabangos over beer bongs?
Soy un sacadito q no le gusta la luzzzz !!!
awful woman
Heh. Is that the banner? Looks a bit out of date. Perhaps you offer then an updated version, for a cheezeburger today.
<U+2665> sixty degree days in November! : D
... He is now officially a busy man
YES! I'll meet you first! <3 And we'll go party with Austin!(;
I just met you and this is crazy.
also WWE's Triple H was with Floyd along with beebs and 50 cent
Listening to getting ready ready for the show tonight at the greek. It happens to fall on paul's bday!
she has to be a lady in the streets but a freak in the sheets
im tryna write this paper..... so distracted..
So might be singing at disney hall dont know if I should do it or not lol
Q1 continued. But the annual conference next year is in Dallas, so, yeah...
...bae sayn she love me u should b good
when Brian busted his ass! LMFAO
we'll be out Friday night!!
Playing for Chavez Next year.
From my book, Milliganism, Motivational Quotations and How Comes: When you learn better..... You start doing better!
My gf isn't speaking to me. All because I didn't open the car door for her. I guess I just panicked and swam to the surface.
Man... I get home early and my dog ate my Dad's Nerf Mjolnir hammer. Climbed up on my table, picked up the hammer and tore it apart. :(
Back in Houston! Missing the amazing weather and designers in Minneapolis!!
That Mike Epps stand up was funny as hell last nite Chicago showed him much love
please please please follow I love u so much
Almost done with my work... Takin forever.
Huntsman: Before Nixon went south, he established EPA, NIH, Nat'l Cancer Institute. Declared war on cancer
“Sometimes people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are.”
Can you jerk for us? May 24 Section 102 seats 13 and 14
We’re glad you noticed. :) RT: Nutrigrain fruit bars - HFCS. Sunbelt fruit bars (bottom shelf) real sugar
The perfect straw tote for all your beach needs.
“ “ Could use some good sex right about now!!!””
We're in the final stages of edits for the fall issue! Get stoked!
No city invites the heart to come to life as San Francisco does. Arrival in San Francisco is an experience in living. -William Saroyan
Wow some girls look so ugly with tattoos. I like my clean skin thank you very much.
Patron says,'you have to capitalize all the words in the title for this search' yeah,you're the expert,thats why you came to me,idiot!
It all started with a clear purpose to a tangible dream. Right on !!
RT : A little more #FF to my #WW peeps RIGHT BACK ATCHA!
When girls hv no hips & a D'Angelo line u cant pay me to believe they arent just bitches whose dick got mistaken for an umbilical cord & cut
I watched I #LOVE it
I need him to do it for fantasy football sake! Lol
Is there a transcript or video for the Opening Plenary at #MW2011 ?
Don't look back your not going that way
*squeezes you*
I got a new boyfriend & a new vibrator on the same day. One of them isn't gonna last very long.
RT : A brand is no longer what we tell the consumer it is - it is what consumers tell each other it is. (Scott Cook)
Morrissey Monday at Charmington's! Also: fresh Macoun apples from Reid's Orchard in whole or muffin form.
Thanks for sharing..(the frames and the display is perfect) so much creativity and love! Goddess powered.
Anyone know if the Center Ice feed for the Isles/Pens game will be blacked out? I have NHL Center Ice but not Versus. :(
“: RT ain't no shakin' that Coachella tan! (don't tell me your bougie ass managed to not get one! Lol)” bahaha
Honky tonkin' down on broadway! I'm back from the dead. Whiskey please :)
hey y'all:) how's the night going for y'all?
love is... well... complicated
Why the hell did parts of my hair turn pink..
YES! beetle juice is on :)
Thanks so much to Gypsy Death Star for being an AMAZING opening act and setting such a fantastic vibe for the night!
We're hving a tornado drill at work
Really need to get off my lazy butt more...Vegas is coming too quickly and my bikini body is still hibernating.
Belated wave back.
We believe that all mothers deserve to care for their children with dignity.
#BoiseSOC Bieter: All of this is really faith in ourselves — faith in abilities; faith in our wisdom; faith in our city.
going to party like its 1972 when my dear Mrs. Pervis was here. going to treat myself to some pudding.
No final 4 for you. RT : BSB: Whelp, the Pilots can't escape the rain, today's game at Santa Clara has been pushed back to 6
Jerry Bruckheimer is a true American.
Finally done with work. Time to go VOTE!
Ah I'm so glad it's winter no school for two weeks I just got done with semester test yesterday
Dear god, what my blood pressure must be right now.
When I first made my twitter, I thought it was all about posting quotes so everyone could see how inspirational I was
"Give me your hand. Let me screw you."
i HATE being sick.....
Today is not the "first day of the rest of my life"...it is the LAST OF MY PAST!
RT More margarita in my tequila, por favor
wanna bet nigga
Amen. I don't know why I ain't in a witness protection program.
": Agreed :) RT thanks we should make another soon!!" <--- great I ll contact u soon! Xo
NBA Memes kills me <U+E411><U+E412>
Sometimes I can't believe my good luck.
who wants to cook me dinner ?
Baby you looking real good sexy.... I was wondering where was the other half of this picture...
You and me both ;p RT : i love to ROCK my COCK
The hardest thing in life is to know which bridge to cross and which to burn.
Can you turn that shit up for me right now?
RT : Very proud of the tonight. We worked as a unit & made an unprecedented number of voter contacts. Props!
Those who criticize our generation forget who raised it.
I'm So.Ready To Leave!!
Congrats to Wake County NC voters for kicking the segregationist school board to the curb tonight.
thank you!! Happy Friday everyone!!
Cool for a few days
Had some dank ass cookies though.
ive lost all my fanciness
Glad to be connected! Absolutely FREE mobile media marketing for your business Join the fun Success to All!
mascara runnin' down her little Bambi eyes, "Lana, how I hate those guys"
I love the gene Simmons show . <333
didn't think this is the shit" or something like that
what time?!
GM your pictures should be posted by today . Got some things comin up are you in Columbus
Wish I would have taken advise earlier and started reading book before today
Southern American.
GO CHUCK GO
Nothing in this world can turn off the light. (Paris Hilton)
Have an early morning appt. Out south & called myself leaving early to avoid traffic. Ha! Tell that to the Kennedy.
Just came in what's this all about?
always smile no matter how broke you are inside...
“Frustration is a two-edged sword...it can devastate the faithless and drive the timid insane, yet.." ~the Professor (Subjected: Eye of God)
This flu going around is really starting to harsh my mellow. Instead of drinking wine w/ I'll be on my couch watching Firefly
twitter should just be called "staller"
more like in the bathroom stall
I was planning to be there, but my son is ill. Please message me on Engrade, and I will make arrangements to talk with you.
I respect the preparation of that tweet!
New Leica M9 full frame camera will include Adobe Lightroom.
I cannot verify if that was really French, but it definitely didn't sound as scary in whatever language it was.
Ah, that's my colleague John Russell. Perhaps because I'll be away, it got past me.
agree on clash of educating kids vs protecting innocence. My son asked tough ?'s re: posters at rally. Had to be honest.
Nice! Enjoy, I have the game on, playing music on my ukulele.. :)
So jealous of the #DakotaCon peeps at the class today. *sigh* Maybe next year for Broty...
7pm tonight Hill Park (behind Seton Hall U.),will be a candlelight vigil in remembrance of Trayvon Martin. Wear a Hoodie in solidarity.
#alltimelow concert tonight!!!!
#HappyFirstDayOfSpring Get out there and enjoy the fabulous weather - After work of course ;]
Happy birthday, August Wilson.
The Microwave oven was invented in Boston but I don't see it on football or sport jerseys.
Happy Mother 's Day Columbus!
should thank for uploading, had picked it up from a RT by Cal last night.
Feel like I had a breakthough earlier...had to get to a coffee shop and get thoughts down on paper...@ the daily grind
haha hes no Devin Harris. I'd pick up John Louer over him.
*Good, gentle, and affectionate* is a good description
surgery? <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> praying everything goes ok
Than you for following us.
Ladies free is da word for friday night
Vegas is so busy this afternoon!
We're looking for an exclusive #spa sponsor for this year's event. Wanna be the only spa/salon at our event? Let us know!
I NEED TA GET ON A TRACK 4REAL! RT.
Looking for people who want to make money with their business!!
yeah, get in thurs nite, but leave sat morn for austin for a bach party. will this be the first year you go since you made NFL?
just rewatched for the first time today. So great
Just saw Fatigo too. Like a more indie TMBG. still flyin' on next. So sweet to be at quiet fun show right now.
I've reached Nerd status w/ #GameOfThrones. Relying on podcasts 2get my fix since wife refuses 2participate 2 level of detail I ask of her
Indeed that is lame,but isn't that the point of what is going on today?Not everyone (especially older reps) understand the danger
What document do you absolutely need to receive when you hand money to someone who works on your home? A signed, notarized lien waiver
1!week to Miami
How much online shopping do you do?
Are you addicted to pinning like we are? Owner Ashley Grant has created an adorable board for Magnolia Bay Toffee! Follow us on Pinterest!
The Bucks face the LA Lakers here at the Bradley Center tonight at 8:30 p.m. Go, Bucks!
I have no say in that sort of thing
#whenitwascoolto be first in line (:
I don't like how Roc Nation is using Beyonce to make Rita seem credible, though. "Beyonce likes Rita Ora so you should too" is pretty weak.
Feeling a little stuck. I need a new outlook on things and possibly some motivation.
awesome! I recently quit too, so nice job on getting to gym & non smokin!
I hate cleaning my room, but I love relaxing knowing how clean it is afterward.
It's not always the best hand dealt that wins, it's the hand that plays the best & smart way.
“: I'm so close to shooting a fire work in my big ass backyard to get this damn cricket to shut the fuck up”
Either You real or You Fake!!!! Ain't no in between!
that's always a good thing. everyone could use a few more crunches i imagine.
Let's get some more followers for !!! He deserves them! (: <3
what! pizza in 's class tonight!
yea I know. Before he was hurt, I was very optimistic. Our bench is only "alright". We are down to LBJ & Dwade basically
you bring up sex but im the freak lol
The air conditioning in my house died. Someone come revive this sucker! I need air, i am NOT a desert plant!
Soo I Got Join In A Math Contest With My Friends, Just Found Out Non Of The Competitors Are Beliebers. They're Gonna Be Sorry ;)
why do kids fight sleep? Lock me in a room with a comfy bed, pillow and blanket there will be no protest!
YAY! And the job will come. :) You're too awesome to not get hired. I say that as your mentor.
GoodReader to reflow and make pdfs readable on smartphone. If that works as advertised I'm on board!
I'm really into friendly fires right now <3
I am a questioner, undeniably.
Nothing would make me happier than my going home right now. I hate school -_-
Probably should think about getting two, just incase one is defective. Safety first!
I didnt want to take gym but I did anyway and now my stomic hurts more
are work or college?
I can't tell if the new guy at work laughs at my jokes because he thinks they're funny or because he's sucking up. Don't really care, either
Yay! Best news I've heard all week!
#Record low #temperatures tied for may 10th... Portland Airport... ... 37 degrees set in 1999
The proper use of the mind separates champions from good players.
So many people are getting it in tonight #springbreak (;
Approval plan tackled. Snack time and catching up on
Been busy, not making the time for the ones who really care. I mean I have but not enough..
it took me such a long time to figure out that damn thing!
Well, That wasn't very nice.Chubby people give good hugs :)
Fan games. Please play Fan games.
This kids throwin mousetraps at people
When's your next show? I stand ready to keep you stocked with brownies.
Yes the Eagles won. Hope ur back in the game soon. Good luck in Houston.
yeah that's bad...
Am so excited for May.
Revo San Diego Website launches - Next Wednesday November 11th!
thanks, appreciate it!
Finish setting up for PGBC Holiday Party tomorrow! Two more xmas parties to go...i love my job, i am having so much fun!
If you see an ethnic group trending, don't click on it. You won't feel good.
We need to hangout again. SOON. Watch avengers! (:
But you don't! RT This week sucks...
has to get used to travelling with a newborn and think about a bigger car...so much gear to carry around!!
playing with tadpoles.
cant for the new #TwoAndAHalfMen series!! i wonder who's be better ; Charlie Sheen or Ashton Kutcher...
ABDC!! Finally starting in the west coast!
I can't get the images to load. I've been trying since this morning..
Great article in the #NYTimes, Out on the Town, Always Online "Many New Yorkers keep their smartphones always within reach"...
I love it!
Here I am
Got into cake fight today, so much fun (:
I'm sending those tomorrow mane! GET WORK DONE!
thanks for another well done #mozinar we really enjoyed tuning in.
1st game called at half due to lightning. Lost 0-1. On to breakfast!
Hi tuck
I am amazed by the incredible talent, brains, and determination of the young people I know. #followyourdreams #ilovemykids&theirfriends
Fuji Provia 100F disappeared practically overnight... backordered almost everywhere. Man! It's like Y2K at the grocery store all over again.
I honestly haven't even started packing yet, so that's a timely tip. :)
Shes more pressed than an outfit on Easter sunday -__-
we will need to have another Fringe discussion after you watch the season finale.
A perfect, sunny day in San Diego. What should I do?
uh!!! What have I got myself into? Purple pill on deck <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A>
hey! er, sorry, what are you asking?
I follow back too. Lets rock this.
Special guest "star" tonight as sits in.
Its annoying when people try to tell you what "you" said.
"If you're ever in trouble, don't call the police!" is what my maternal grandmother always told me.
It has put my plans for this week on hold.
Journalist Lee Woodruff is so comfortable with the radio medium. Interesting conversation right now.
Love that question or the protein one...same place your food gets it from...
Im a die-hard Browns fan and I just can't see myself keeping up with a non-Brown player, is for that.
I found ya. So remember when Billy was singing behind Kevin, & I said,"Kevin look behind U" & he said, "I know its Shavar." ??
As i much you annoy the shit outta me, and buy me stuff, I love you mother ..
OK, we just sent you a DM.
Any suggestions for good health/fitness apps for the iPhone?
Just got to Arizona from LA then hopped on my plain to Dallas from Arizona ready to be home. :)
Post-wedding brunch at Mother's in Bmore...ready for a nap!
can't wait to see you! Asking to you sign a couple books is always my highlight of the con!
I really hope Patty doesn't read this! At least she's ahead of the tea!
Happy Valentine's day to you too <3
make sure you're following are consolidating accounts. namaste!
haha. yeah! by the way, your mixtape for the delights for pysch minds is the JOINT!
;) Happy Friday :)
Hi your cute!
Please check out this website. Doing good things on multiple levels.
Shoutout to our sponsor Attorney Tarena Franklin...the greatest family law attorney ever. Hit her up if you require services 414-758-7341
There's no one to listen so you laugh to yourself.
Rip busted droid .. Finally making the switch to
Hot green tea and honey
Thanks man - Congrats on the potential new role I heard about!
lol block them
Will be selling prints at the Spokane Arena on Saturday Dec 17th at the Spokane Chiefs vs Portland Winterhawks game.
Senate TAx Committee votes to recess WITHOUT voting on a Vikings stadium bill. Confusion reins in jackaldom.
sitting here at work sleepy as hell
a dang moment... come home from a long day sit down relax ...cut t.v on an realize yuh aiant got Cable loll
Save the date on May 5th...Only Just a couple more weeks till #DerbyDay!
Need a recommendation for a photographer in the Twin Cities area in April
Emailed twice and have not heard a reply since Friday afternoon. Where can I replace the main chipset exactly?
Come on Pens!!
I asked her what that mouth do...and then she did it
I agree RT : Kandi is rocking that giant weave ponytail for the reunion and looks FIERCE!!!!!
is fresh like a ripe cantaloupe
nordies is having their men's half yearly sale! Give it a whirl?
Fell down the stairs today...with a suitcase.
Love this show ! Enjoy watching it!
VIP treatment for me.....lol
What ? Three judges got ousted for legalizing gay marriage ? Thats Horrible ! They sound like Heros
East siders about to hit mill for
I wish I could stay home and watch movies for the rest of the day
a student I'm mentoring doing something related. LA County is allowing ppl to vote if sworn in by 11/6, neat huh?
Coconut Ciroc and Lemonade is the drink of choice tonight.
Equal pay for equal work, thank you very much
We are looking for a new Dance Group of the Week- any thoughts?
Someone needs to help Rihanna, she likes rude boys, loves it when people lie to her and apparently forgot her name.
Can't wait for tomorrow. Happy to be feelin better.
HU is clearly the most awkward in the majority of situations.
#npsg "Today we see a new paradigm. It's no longer: people go where the jobs are..."
boo “: Ok will I get shot ,standing ovation or will I het booed”
Enjoying the early beautiful springlike weather in Buffalo. Plans include a long walk outside to make the most of it. Happy Friday friends!
Thanks for the RT!
Slow texters<<< Just at the right time texters >>> Fast texters
Were falling apart... and idk what to do about it.
3 different partners or same guy?
Ikr :D now I luv punk but he just crossed the line
Thank you very much for the RT :)
GB baby!!! Matt Flynn set Packer record books! 15-1 now a bye week!
twistin up a blunt thinkin bout my next dollar
Im Bella!:]
I love reading books with intense and thickening plots that make them impossible to put down. Reading one now. :)
Haha oh damn! I look forward to it ;)
Open mic getting started...until about 9:30pm...let's rock!
Ravens and Chargers on #SundayNightFootball. Big game for both teams. Who's going to win?
you preggers, or is that a movie?
It's called the unfair wrath of David Stern so blatant!
Me too! Will look for recording. Glad this is popular! RT #sloancres Bounced out of webinar...can't get back in...reached limit
Hartford to West Palm Beach just went on sale. Can I catch a 6am flight?
Hate being a guy in Vegas on hot day,,,,, can't get anti any nightclub with shorts but babes can
Wishing I could join crossfit :/
I used to hate coffee and now I hate that I'm addicted to coffee.
Mix 1 egg, 1 cup beer, 1 cup flour, dunk cheese curds in it, fry in hot oil! Make 'em at home!
Who remembers favorite candy. I'm eating some rite now. Bet u can't guess it
Shoes look great! Let's hope they do the trick. Don't forget to stretch and strengthen too. Good luck!
Kindness is like snow - it beautifies everything it covers. ~ Anonymous
MT : Glad, family together in church. Takeaway: Christopher needs work on etiquette in service. #happyproudbutheisloud (Yay)
": Once you're attached, you're fucked."
Good Morning! An artist is a dreamer consenting to dream of the actual world. -George Santayana
If you received a DM or tweet from me saying there is a "bad blog" about you - don't click the link!
Niall is single and looking? I VOLUNTEER! I VOLUNTEER AS TRIBUTE (;
.RT : Sometimes the person blowing u off is doing you the BIGGEST FAVOR EVER!! #dontDWELL"
The number of display bugs on Travelocity in Chrome is astonishing.
TOMORROW Queen, Living Color, David Bowie + Mick Jagger $11
Am I a computer nerd since I already knew some of those?
S/o to my boy and bestfriend since we were 7 Happy birthday bro
Habits begin with a conscious decision.
Assassins Creed Gameplay released. Must watch asap!
Watching Martin.
Use what you don't show/say: sometimes a good pause says more than words…
And about them js that's comin out smh raw
I mean I prefer the 4th thats a great day but the 1st is kool too
you sure? The Section 357 Show is airing right now. How'd you hear Jazzmine Sullivan?
Look for $DNN to keep going up tomorrow it moved up $0.12 today at $1.06 a share you can double your money in 3 mths
On my way to meet with Cosmopolitan and Good Housekeeping! Only 2 of the largest women's mags in the world. No big deal or anything.
oh -- wednesday. Well, when you get it in, then i'll say good job! Let me know how it goes.
And hopefully it's just a precursor to someone that's in Nashville's rotation coming up to replace Chulk/Dillard.
Bowen: Vick, DeSean Don't Practice Les Bowen of the Philadelphia Daily News discusses Michael Vick and DeSean Jackson missing practice We
“Not everything that is faced can be changed, but nothing can be changed until it is faced.” — James Baldwin
Man these boys on fire
Summer Clearance going on now!
You're very welcome. Best of luck with the rest of the exhibition
My #fridayreads: "A Study in Scarlet" (Conan Doyle, though I shouldn't need to say)
That pin wasn't very safe.
We're checking now. Will let you know as soon as we get the answer!
yes you are and thats a good thing keep grindin
Giving God all the glory
We've had that a bunch of times this winter. I have bare grass on 95% of my yard. Weirdest winter ever.
I'm so pissed right now. Get on oovoo ASAP.
Then the moment will pass. Man will be gone. There will be nothing to show that we were ever here... but stardust.
I've never seen so much excitement for GREASE before!
please welcome to our family our bulldog sister
Anderson's face after that misfield looked almost physically ill.
I got them moves like Jagger, I got them moves like Jagger, I got them moves like Jagger!!
If u follow us we follow u...so if we have a million following us we should b following a million plus hit us up
“: RT : This is a Day that the Lord Has Made I will Rejoice and Be Glad in it!”<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Is it #friday yet? This week can't be over soon enough.
Good morning San Diego and happy Friday! And for all our #StarWars fans out there, May the Fourth be with you!
Yang Jing from Beijing is playing the dinner/concert series on Monday. Oaklands 7 year running vegan underground restaurant.....
Thank you Evan Zeppos of #ZepposandAssociates for coming to meeting today.
you will see him someday !
I'm happy for you cuz!
the more technical side of UDL (captioned videos, well structured docs and websites, etc) may be more challenging
“: McCarran welcomes attendees arriving for the World Market Center’s Winter Las Vegas Market. Enjoy our amazing city!”
we're so profesh.. Can't wait for celebrations mañana! Team Edward/Jacob/Rosie 4life
ok then chill cuz i sing better than u
Wish I had someone to chill with tonight
The countdown has started...good morning good people.. tgif...and april fools to
I Love You Sister <3 <3
I had no idea until today that the Beastie Boys were a hip-hop group. Total surprise.
#RelationshipsEndBecause when the boy loves his playstation more than he loves you, It's not real love.
I'm just being myself, seeing where life decides to take me.
Thank you ALL, #wiunion and other friends. Remembering last spring. Have my sign displayed in my room and a Recall Walker sign....
Jammed the songs on guitar and drums today. Ain't the same with no bass but practice is practice!
Thanks Carter!
what's wrong?
Let's get wasted.. Chocolate wasted. duh! c: LOL
I'll give you the deets when I come to visit in May!!! Get ready for Liz-fest!
ill'n
Wheels up Chicago next stop D.C.
especially a Sunday morning... : I love the smell of JIRA in the morning.
Never say never right ? I will never give up on you, your My inspiration follow me <3
Haha its bad when your bff txt you to remind you! We need to be on top of our Shit!
awhh I love you bestfriend :) we need to seriously hangout I miss you like crazy!!
Perhaps an 'alternative to screen' might be a better framing than
Thanks! Will do
Dr. Who is the only thing in life that will always be there for me.
#Follow these ladies for daily tips
Finally! All done with the interior painting! Now the outside which is really going to be a pain
Something big is cooking in the Dovestech oven. Is it a Turkey or is it business related? Find out soon! (#Thanksgiving #Turkey #Cooking)
Figured out the intro to Mcr's "March to the Black Parade" :3
Clearly, only someone from Northern Virginia would know such a fact LOL ... and how true this is! :)
I love that #Cubs fans clearly haven't learned from Bartman...guy blatently swipes at the fair ball to try and grab it from play
What kind of microphone do you use?
Also, I slept 11hrs last night, it was magnificent!
you're welcome!!
they think it was a 5.8.. That's what everyone at the mall is saying.
I should have clarified that strawberries and nutella were better than dating, not that a date did this for me. Geez. Oh, add
We need a lunch and shopping date asap!! <3
apparently i have a great voice and should be on broadway.
Happy final weekend of Summerfest! Hope you all have a great weekend... and maybe join us for brunch or a beer or two? ;)
Which SYTYCD Vegas week interview should I post next? Nigel, Lil C, Adam, Mary, or Debbie?
time for bed and is going on a really amazing rant about how 95% of people shouldn't have the right to creative self-expression <3
Graduating students are picking up their caps and gowns today! Do you remember getting yours?
And ready to hear Ms. address the IMFFA
Lol whatever. That dump was so huge you had to bring out the big guns & broke that thing! Hahaha!
have a good one lol
I'm sure if you tweet about how tired you are you'll fall asleep faster.
What's better, the Hunger Games book or movie? ' blogger and guest blogger Miguel Rodriguez weigh in!...
I am gorgeous! What about you guys?
"At least you aren't allergic to cats," says about my forever single status.
Yes I am totally human. Good to know that there are still people on Twitter.
oh, LOVE tulips!
bizzy bone lookinn ass..yu smell like hot breathe and sour chips wit yo wolf lookinn ass..akon nose wit a size 12 shoe lol
#BYEonRadio. please help us trend #BYEonRadio. if you haven't heard Before You Exit. then go check them out on youtube. they are awesome. :)
Haha Joey walk in and goes haha so your watching gta4?
Blown...ill prolly just go MIA today
19-2 Cleveland over the Yankees. Wow.... whoops, make that 20 - 2.
NP !!!! Check out my New track "Brink of Success" on Reverb Nation, FB etc thanks for the support
Shake it shake it shake tht healthy butt.. baby got back
i dont understand why im so awake right now
Rain, rain go away come back another day
on #Leadership - "Ordinary people can make Extraordinary contributions," Steve McAuliffe on anniversary of Challenger disaster. Amen.
Well, that's not so good. Hope it healed(s) fast!
#occupyCPAC costume: 'Mitt' full body baseball glove and the tax dodgers.
- If I had my way, we'd be piping the Beasties loudly thru the whole office!
have u got their cd yet?
congrats! and great name.
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php Buy your book .
S/o to my nigga !
gonna jump rope! :)
I'll take it. Years as a PSU fan have made me accept winning ugly.
My younger cousin once complained to me she had to write a paper on a typewriter. I just laughed.
#pdx Google Nexus with Verizon LTE/CDMA doesn't work in NE Portland.
Wish i was at the #garden for the #redhotchilipeppers concert
If we say that we have fellowship with him and walk in the darkness, we lie, and do not the truth: 1 John 1:6
NC's #Amendment1 (close to passing) would ban not only gay marriage, but civil unions & domestic partnerships. #secondclasscitizens #srsly?
die a virgin not a sinner
We love families who run on Dunkin'. RT : My uncle's buying me #coffee this mornin! #FTW (@ Dunkin' Donuts)
“: My ass >> your ass #bigbootyprobz”
I hate benedryl omg
Hm, it's Friday but I have some money that's burning a hole in my pocket so shopping it is :)
today was a good day i hope that everyone else had a good day as well
Happy Oscar Day! We arent super excited by this year's Academy Awards because of the poor nominations, but we support our fellow filmmakers!
My bros hmu this morning just to say they love me ;) NORTHSIDE OR NOTHIN
S/O to Veronica Jackson, for helping TFPG get to the show!!!
No no no. I wasn't insulting you... I was describing you. #exactly #truthhurts <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
hard to say how true/biased the article is, but even if half of it is true... After reading a few books on the dollar crisis, gold standard,
Thanks for the retweet !
RT : Yet to register for #Entrepreneurs Conf & need a discount code? DM me TODAY. Codes EXPIRE Fri. 5/18!...
You've paid your dues... Good Luck You can win another one.
now that class is over, its time to do homework, well first fixing up my new place.
Lee: Lack of jobs, unemployment rates are double nat'l avg in communities of color.
Keep your gum in your mouth wade.
Thanks, ! RT: Wow what a site! Well done Prologis and Volker for turning fields in to distribution park excellence!
Watchn the game
If a test is to be the measure, then don't forget that many teachers have been part of a one student's instruction (including parents).
The shipping cost range depends on the number of items ordered and location they are shipping to.
Whoa! This is true in my WIP.
Bummed... Parents do not get to attend without a ticket.... Majorly bummed. They want me to drop her off alone.
Pussy are you here, for fucking huh!! lol
Lovely dish. Jennings to Sanders ... again.
gas up yer VW bus :)
Morning Tweeties. Hope you had an awesome weekend.
when in fact, I think historians could make amazing interpreters b/c there's a deeper understanding of context sometimes.
1348 Washington ave. Miami Beach, FL 33139 call me at 1-888-6-FIX-IPHONE if any questions
Wow, thanks , that's exciting!
WAS GOOD FAM
It's going down mayne. Can't wait for the interview
Ohh you have a diary? Please tell me how important you think your secrets are.
Umm Did I Tweet you Back??
follow me back
Pretty excited to MC preschool graduation with #lovethosekids <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>
It's so weird seeing teachers come to elmers with family... #youactuallyhavealife?
Taylor Jones won at Portland Meadows today - horse has now accrued $9,210 this season. Winnings donated to to help kids.
wow ur answer tells me you really hate on mondays.. HAha
We're fortunate to be in the DC market! Buyers, sellers, and Realtors!
•Whenever I date a guy, I think, is this the man that I want my children to spend their weekends with?
Im so ready for CASTLE!!!!
RT : Attending Midsize Enterprise Summit?Send us ur Twitter handle & follow #mes12 [Come say hi to me & the crew]
That is wonderful! Good to hear.
lolol one day I shall be on your level O' Great One lol
All baseball batters need to wear head gear that will protect the entire head because those hard fast baseballs are very dangerous.
Perhaps there are so many bad movies because no one allows the writer to be the story expert on the film.
If you had TM'd "embrace the crazy" we could have had our first cease & desist with Missed opportunity.
#2dollarsubs, yea I could probably get a deal like that using
In algebra class.....(:
If your deodorant isn't helping you ? wash Pits once a day with a facial cleanser that contains benzoyl peroxide to kill b.o bacteria !
Nikita Khrushchev~ Whether you like it or not history is on our side. We will bury you.
Hahaha... I love ya <U+2665>
vacation is just so boring these days,,, but still family counts especially with the fun...
JK - I've been reading tweets all day!
- You're friends right? Wanna do a two-way sync with eachother?
I think bieber might be around for awhile, it's looking like he'll never hit puberty
Find a new favorite wine ! We open at 5:00pm six days a week w/ SOCIAL HOUR ($5 glasses) from 5-7p everyday!
Watching Halloween for the 2nd time this week...by myself.
Interviewing students for /HACER scholarships is amazing! Theme: Latinos fight financial setbacks to succeed
I'M LATE BUT I LOVE GOAPELE'S MUSIC.
lol she likes the most random people.
Had to fill out yet more paperwork for my SS disability filing. Wish they'd just give it to me all at once.
U MAD CAUSE U CHECK AINT COME....
I am currently coo coo for Cocoa Puffs.
I am so lucky to have an amazing home in forest heights with an amazing personal interior designer! Pix to come late.
When you mentally "check out" from your life, your job or your relationship, you CANNOT be surprised to wake up and find it in ruins!
56 Days 10 Hours 28 Minutes until Techweek 2012 Conference+Expo... where does the time go?!
are u here?!?
Today is a GREAt day.... :D
Thanks, hope it was useful!
So excited to have my art at the new store in Green Hills ! They have lots of great personalized gifts&items for your home.
They don't need to know my business!!
Bigelow Blvd leaving downtown is insanely backed up. What gives?
Only a week left in our Mother's Day contest to win permanent makeup for your Mom. Post a pic and tell us why she deserves to win!
Buy an Internet Radio Player by mulberry1
JFC...wow...that company has been struggling for a while, hard to believe though in a town that size.
Happy Mothers Day luvz
Shaking or trembling is a common physical symptom of #socialanxiety disorder. It's a result of the fight-or-flight response.
Hope we'll get to hear it someday!
Quick Jabs: Amir Khan Loves Fish, Nonito Donaire Got Beat Up By A Girl (Again ... - The Queensberry Rules
Our new banner is now standing tall-Carson
Friendly reminder, journal Entry One is due on Friday. The instructions are posted in the content section and drop box area of D2L.
I rely on tweets 4 marketing our products and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it bad.
Clarissa: name of an average girl that is really pretty, but is crazier than a mushroom stamp. Can sing like an angel.
School, Y U NO EXCITING. The one day i actually have energy.
#WorkFlow than headed to Paterson for Music Video.
": It hurts when u put all your time and energy into someone and it falls apart like it was never there"
Honored to be the sole Democrat running in Assembly District 22-San Mateo. On to the June primary and November general election.
Haha I just saw this! Hi Mrs. Rulli!
Yep sure, whatever you say. Im done withyou. That somg forget you sure id coming in handy right now.
Morgan freeman is my fav action hero!
At New Beverly to see THE COOK, THE THIEF, HIS WIFE, AND HER LOVER for the first time.
Fuck waitN for 2 months,I want that pussy in a day...stuck a fast dyke looking bitch...don't let ya shit decay
Apps are cool, but only part of the picture.
RT : Seriously, I'm happy all y'all had non-bipolar mothers who didn't try to cast Satan out of you every other Tuesday. Now STFU.
What's the word coming out from a tournament near you?
almost done; last body & then conclusion. someone keep me awake!
Who here thought #RonPaul already had stopped campaigning? My hand is raised. I can't keep up with
I was hoping to meet Dahvie again and getto see who he got to rplace Garrett
woof. these jobs is hard. ready for a break.
photoshopped! Nice try!
actually no, then ill get nervous haha
you are entitled to your opinion, it just could have been offencive to some people, including me. so I spoke up.
Looking for PMP Certified PM's for the Lauderdale area that have experience managing vendors and large projects.
The 16 miles today will be warm to say the least ... Hope a cold front arrives in 90 min!
Under new commercial representation with Lewis and Beal.
John Panko Vice President of Sales for Richfield Hospitality
I'm pretty sure I have A.D.D.. I'm suppose to be studying right now, but I-
SATURDAY 12/4: Josh Hoge w/ Todd Carey, Isaac Russell DOORS @ 8PM! | www.thecanalclub.com
your mother is always with you Lane. <3 Never forget that. She's so proud of you. Happy mothers day to her:)
because I wasn't getting any love
Today's #walk - came upon a man playing the clarinet - warming up for church performance of faith of our mothers - my mom played clarinet
I really need help guys. please, anyone that lives in the chicago area please tweet me.
hope it goes well :-)
prolly next week more than likely then
Shave and haircut on that series! Yikes!
what would i do without arabic coffee...
go eat some rice pudding!
that's funny. Cause when I was 5 I had to get 10 stitches cause I cracked my head open ... xD
WOOOPS! Thats cause the #Marlins are on the big boy screen! Waltz & McCarver?!?!? We are taking over baseball! This is awesome!
GOL DE TITO VILLA
Always looking out for Matt. You'll be taking care of and I when we reach the back nine of life.
I wanna watch hsm
thanks for following.
Off to eat food and drink alcohol in Santa Monica.
Setting up twitter sites for imagining america at KSU and MAST at KSU. Follow us as we grow!
Finally got my license
I hate that inverstigator dude! #PrettyLittleLiars I'm still clueless on who A is... >.<
followed =) 'swag'
Some rock stars trash hotel rooms. Our Bass player, Tonya TOTALS CARS! Mad respect for your "Show must go on" attitude, girl! -Rich
great just started using myh phone and its red already ..... #fuckyouphone ):/
Why is it everytime I tell my parents I have a girlfriend, tha first thing they say is "She White or Black"? -___-
...hate you for it.
Dear philly... Ur team still sucks really bad... Ur gonna get ur ass handed to u... Sincerely bulls fan :-)
RT : Lol everyone in my school thinks they're so cool for drinking underage.
Very welcome!
trust no dick. -_-
Getting Auth failed on the iPad setup, but have a giant account. Help?
Aww YAY! Yes I think I will be in town that weekend, but not 100% sure, but you should definitely remind me when it gets closer!
...can't thank you enough times for everything that you've help out with for the global bass scene. Much luv
Don't try & play me for no fool !
So excited on how they look!“: Just got the shirts and they will be on bodies headed to Africa soon. Thanks!”
yes true that :)
well helloo[; how are you? Follow me?
I'm not on the #NHL hockey bandwagon because I've been making a good effort to follow the entire season, but definitely on #Kings bandwagon!
Intro, schmintro, just write it. OR... Have someone else write it.
is auditioning for an episode of the TV Show "House." Thank you to my agent Lisa Berman. :-) (@ 20th Century Fox Studios w/ 7 others)
Posted new songs on soundcloud... check them out... 5 total...
Ahh...I think this is the first dancer I absolutely know and you will too.
Writing a very, very special post. This one will steal your heart...
Drive is an awesome movie
Seeing old friends from high school>>
The Nintendo 64 is a timeless system, and is always great with multiplayer and some beers.
so not prepared for this ride
I need sleep.
Makes sense now!
Siri totally sucks. It only works about 5% of the time.
#FF Following all great people,art,food, stylist " " @ Monicasacayalla great products
is that your gut feeling?
what the hell with all the road closures? 110 to 66 is shutdown, highland street is blocked off.. just trying to get on 66 here y'all
QK is a ninja.
All great truths begin as blasphemies. -George Bernard Shaw
You are a candidate for Breast Enhancement if (1) you would like larger breasts, or (2) you have one breast larger/smaller than the other.
Do you miss your brother & sister ?
For Christmas two different people gave me a copy of 11/22/63. Think I've talked about it enough?
Glad to meet you today at the Restoration Christian Fellowship Luncheon. May God continue to cover you in your ministry.
Just took a krav maga class and or kicked my tail!!!!!
I find it hilariously that u r listening to the radio! Love it.
good morning mama ... My bad was busy with my clients
yeah, SURE! :) That's why SOME females get the pleasure of finding the guy that's got his shit together
framing hanley's "lollipop" cover <3
I don't always win playoff series, but when I do... I prefer to do it in 7.
Un-FF: - first he goes all Favre on us; then he bashes Bo. Nothing personal, but this time... it's personal.
enjoyed the finale #TSC u all brought it big time
Haha, that'd be me right now. Ha.
Next Debate, analog tweeted
I absolutely hate being dyslexic
“I am convinced that life is 10 percent what happens to me and 90 percent how I react to it.” ~ Chuck Swindol
Only thing good bout Indiana is Pawnee
That's where I am.
Samsung Galaxy S
I have a great free promotion site link on my profile if you need it. Do you follow for follow? i am intersted :)
RT , Plenty of opportunities to volunteer this weekend, including our new corral See UAEA.org for shifts.
Ok #Dallas people it's Officially 6 day until #Comicon !!!
Thanks for the RT's!
Wanted to wish everyone a great Feb 29th! Enjoy the gift of this "extra" day.
Thanks for your support Trevor! Hope you can make it to the class :)
Ugh Halloween. girls r gonna b out in tiny tutus w/their fit legs + tight asses peaking out. Thinking about it just-
#Cozy dvd cases knitted!
Wish we could be ther for ya buddy...break a leg :)
which one
Hi Camilla tell her I'd stick up for any Hooligan or Panda. Love U
Perhaps but you didn't answer the question. Pretty or sexy?
Ugh this girl annoys me.
lol ok ain't nun wrong with that
my twifey, my love, my boo lol so yall dudes stay away
noodles is poor people food. Never understood tht sayin customer I stay eatin noodles but I got money in my pocket!!
losing a limb would be a bad thing but it would probably give you some serious street cred
we will grown our own supplies if the world would just help us like we pretend to help them.
the black rusty palms...that look stained
Last one to RT wins!
YES cant wait for this final season!
Here at Chicago Demon's practice. Bad basketball #AAU <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
grilled cheese sandwich.
"One On One" was such a fave album of mine!!! Thanks for that!!! :-)
NVM. I'm drinking.
87 and sunny! Guess I will be out all day
Thanks Molly. Unless I'm mistaken it was done by one of the Racenation developers. my guess would be
Spilled beer on my keyboard...
not really :/ I haven't been too good lately honestly but how are you? (:
I give Henrik Stenson credit. 1.) Didn't break a club after his 8. 2.) Had the brass to call his 8 a "snowman." Luv it!
Empire Room Tonight!!!!!!!!
is located at 400 N Water street.
Thx for following edu_MarketingIdeas is a collaborative Twitter feed curated by Digital Pulp, a leading digital agency
Get Your Good On service project today at Academy Charter School! :-)
NEMO'S FRIENDS: "Don't touch the boat!" NEMO: "YOLO"
Follow-Up Quote from Sunday’s Worship... “We can do no great things, only small things with great love.” (Mother Teresa).
what do you think about Isaiah?
Wish I could forget when she was mine..
That french dude from "The Artist" is HAWT!
somewhere where I wanna be lol & were all good, maintain. How's your sis & dad?
I Was Kinda Sorta Thinking you Should kinda Sorta Share Your Last Name With Me.. <U+2764>
Let's Go Heat!!!! Beat the Knicks
hot like mexico
Where has #StyleTipoftheDay gone? Can we get a platitude about emerging popularity of the 'pinnie'?
Women were created for a reason, to keep men sane.
Breaking: Britney Spears joining the X-factor, doubling the craziness
I haven't heard one person say he was washed up, have you?
she is otta line!
#Resurrection "Peace Be With You"
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Buy your book .......
A lot of people complained it was over produced. If they didn't double track vocals it would sound perfect. Listen with one earbud sometime.
To love what you do and feel that it matters - how could anything be more fun. ~Katharine Graham
Morning Charles!
sounds good, have you got material online to listen to?
i know im typing them because i told him "you had the typed copy" lol me salve! haha ^-^
About to hear talk by Larry Grossberg at UIUC then party like its 1979. Well, one of those statements is true, anyway.
Hi! What are the requirements for the Account Manager Position?
I want my alright alright alright t shirt!!
My teacher lame af
. Not original but, Phil. Or maybe Bill (as in Bill Murray).
The second your ex deletes you on Facebook you know it is finally over
One of the best ever. no doubt. The hall seems pretty unforgiving about gambling. it's a shame.
Oh my god this casino is blasting paper gangsta
Thanks for the shoutout!
Having one of those days where you don't feel like you've showered, or even completely woken up. Not bad, just feel dirty and out of it.
checking out the webinar - nice to hear AND see
My dad just got an iPhone! Being the only Apple enthusiast in my family this makes me very happy
I would love to hear about the opportunities
Since they're not participating are you planning to talk to the manager/owner about ? In which case, DM us your # !
yay! im happy for you ;)
RT : maybe Miss Steele was from some sort of anti-tech family who felt tech destroyed the soul. Except iPods.
Ugh...fuck ur feelings amateur hour is now over
Dr. Jung is providing an overview of successful #EconomicDevelopment; saying "#Riverside is a model"
yes! anytime!
That wraps up day 2, see you back tomorrow at noon (EST).
My mini me is sick!!! No bueno!
Rich Peverley led all #Bruins forwards with 6:56 of ice time in 1st. Boychuk led the defense with 7:31.
Feeling a bit over-exerted tonight.. I DO feel that tomorrow is going to be promising!! New day - New possibilities :o)
What are your plans for Valentine's Day? How will you celebrate in Denver?
Philadelphia Youth Media Collaborative forms in the fall of 2011 and starts youth media collaboration in Philly
can we hear "cherry blossom pie" and "cherry blossom ice cream". Oh yea! .
The NFL Draft is getting closer, who are the Packers going to take? Follow
I want some pasta 2
sitting next to two outrageously pretentious art museum snob-o-philes. ass monkeys have no clue.
Cut down on excessive talking during an audition, unless you are trying to bang the sign in girl.
Rule Number 2: Forgive whole heartedly
S/O to #NF #StonerNation Hell Yeah(;
America is a little bit better off tonight. Bye, Bye Murtha.
RT Mix tapes do not impress me. State championships, consistency, desire to max out what you have, now that's impressive.
Very touching tribute to Carl Beane before the game. Glad I tuned in early.
hahahaha naw Im not a lesbian (: hahah. I wanna look at houses with you guys if you go like walk through them!!!!
you should have seen him last night, wow was he mad at his friend Samantha!
Back to da $$Money$$ early in da A.M!
Red robin
Overheard @ #casesmc11: Q: "Where are you going for lunch?" A: "I don't know, but somewhere with #SCVNGR."
chyeaah right. last year was your best shot, Wisconsin 2-0 vs. K-State in NCAA tourney.
Because wrapping the taco in a giant Dorito was the missing ingredient to making it palatable... wtf
danng you must of been like screaming! howd they hear you though? they are legit deaf!
Super excited about what's down the pipe. #GAWLF2012!!!
I think it's the reassurance provided by the familiar little creature on the orange background in the logo.
WHY is it cold ? -_______- Ugh
gotta hustle for the rebounds!!!!
Sure, but that requires actual "thinking" and some minor math skills...not to mention a dull headline. #fast&loosefacts
Let all that I am wait quietly before God, for my hope is in him. -Psalm 62:5, NLT
I got so much love for all my ppls!!!!
in the population game women outnumber men; your female friends are lookin' for the same thing you are: not enough to go around:-)
how about fat people when they want to eat they show there pic of the food on fb lol
It's true that we don't know what we've got until we lose it, but it's also true that we don't know what we've been missing until it arrives
#hardrockcasino #scarletts #FortLauderdale anywhere you want to go 6 hour #limousine only $250 tonight only www.5-star-limos.com
Romney policies are updated versions of Bush-era programs.
Hanging out online on with and (follow hashtag #npdata) to learn about "Becoming a Data-Driven Organization."
wrong on all 3. Only Odom, the Glove, and the PG in question even avg'ed 5APG playing w/ Kobe. I'll give a shot...
My mom is obsessing over her new juicer.
#BigFuture is unique as it presents the A-Z of college planning in a simple, engaging way. It's free, student-centered, and authoritative.
RT : We're looking forward to Phorum 2012 tomorrow. Stop by and check out what we have to offer.
To say the least.
chocolate overload.
ah lakers all over my timeline !.
that's funny I was just about to do the same
Whole lot of flip flops up in here at the #UT Fine #Arts #Internship and Networking Fair.
The mfs some of you bring in my mentions <<<
is a combination of literature and interactive learning. we enhance author content and teaching tools with multimedia apps.
No way cause I'd wanna kill somebody when they talked or a phone rang. Cool idea though.
7 weeks of school left! (:
This! RT : My message to anyone working on a college campus - you are all admissions counselors, regardless of your title.
So Wells Fargo has taken MY MONEY out of my accout!! <U+E416>
I'm loving the sound of this rain right now
Haha I'm done with you, how you going to like someone else & still try be with me. And tell me to change, fuck that. Your not the one.
where have you and V been?
lol. Good job though!
you are going to guide our way for 18, let's take it, supporting you and the team all the way!!! bring the banner home!!!
See website for character descriptions and information at www.simboya.com
I told he should stop doing that or would get way too spoiled! What am I getting in to??
"Success in marriage does not come merely through finding the right mate, but through being the right mate." ~Barnett R. Brickner
Yes! excited to have u on the big show!“: Might I actually get to meet the infamous ?
HoeLies #79: It's a bad picture, I look better in real life.
Naps always make my head fuzzy.
At the drawing board once again...
Must be lonely at the top.
lol sucks for you. Love u
Not a whole lot. Just got to work. But thankfully I don't have to be here all day. :)
Yikes!! RT : BREAKING: Police say 6 killed, 3 wounded in Southern California salon shooting -CC
That is fantastic! Congratulations!
#iStoppedBelievingInSantaWhen I realized holidays are simply a muse for mortals to act like vampires aren't awesome, and life is good.
I got 4,627 problems and 697 of them are toothpicks, 884 of them are threads on my pillow, 3,045 are leaves on these trees, and OCD is 1.
#DodgerOpeningDay fight in infield reserve. #LAPD on it like they were being given free donuts. No fights in outfield bleachers.
Jus Left Rays Boom Boom Room! Lmao~
“Anybody who criticizes you is a wimp. So be you. And be you loud, and be you strong, and be you to the maximum.”
: Horrible Histories, youtube.com and Music for History Lovers also youtube.com or it may be titled History for Music lovers.
I must reach 1,000 tweets before the end of the year..
*loads the Degabong*
Thank you for helping and with that amazing sundae!
RoC Mar on stage BITCH!
Rob Machado sighting
Been a while man!!!
Good win tonight, boys! On to Boca!
are you following ? not to sound the horns for my library alma mater, but they have an amazing twitter feed! bored no longer!
Don't worry, Bed, I could never leave you. I love you.
Thank you so much!
following and you should, too. she is awesome!
cuz you're our dude. Lookin out for tou
sounds like u are screwed.
If you go on a safari and you get chased by a lion,a monkey stole your lunch,and a hippo flipped your canoe did you have a good time or not?
50 Likes We Will Drop A New Song!
“ I am le tired.” ditto and by the looks of this rain I'm also "le not going to the royals game today."
Karl Malone,Kevin Garnett and Tim Duncan,who are you taking?
follow me on twitter
how do you like twitter?!
Dad Im tired can We go home yet???
"Freshman going to prom? I'm a junior, why can't I get a date?!" "Because you didn't give head to half the senior class..."
I know I saw omg GRATS your so lucky !!!! I can't wait until the day ari tweets me !
The Bee Movie: Free Family outing on #Maui this Sunday April 22 at Doors open at 5:30
Wow! She has a BETTER sound that J.Lo any day :D Sweet video!
Alriight Haley you win lol RT haha whatever. I just punked him on stats after trying to make me
Highly recommend the Nantes and HIM live in 2001. Great era. This site is still missing some goodies :)
Hello old friends Wrinkle Neck Mules. I did not realize how much I missed you -- or how long it had been (too long).
tweet me. dm me.
Anyone know anything about the "Cespedes legal situation" just tweeted about? ?
It feels good to be missed sometimes <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Its so cool that is also team Jermaine like me <3 c:
Hosting 's Business Summit for 250+ Students/#Entrepreneurs at Columbus Circle at #NYIT. Would u be Interested?
#POTUS #SOTU thank you for the battle cry. We are with you.
Watching 's shots on the O'Haney project is making me laugh. it comes with time. #good effort
Jews don't tweet kike; Asians don't tweet chink; Hispanics don't tweet spic; Mexicans don't tweet wetback - yet Blacks tweet nigger/a A LOT?
hahaha. he was hot in that movie!
Only seen the pilot. It's good, but it's no #DoctorWho. I think I may watch #Torchwood soon. Love me some Captain Jack.
in a time like this all you can do is fight it and never give in to the haters. live your life not mine.
RT : Great! If anything else comes up, let me know! -Becki >> Thank you #Cox for having Becki avail on Twitter!
RT : Just read another Kindle eBook and dismayed again at the number of typos. Publishers really need to clean this up.
I'm sorry you feel that way, that's why the radio has tons of channels to choose from, and changing channels is easy.
Info page is up you guys, check it out www.fantasyfootballgonewild.com make sure to email me and join the mailing list. more to come soon.
Remember when Randall Delgado was fast? Me neither.
I had a client who's hubby couldn't launch his idea so she hired me to coach him (not norm), we launched in 3 months.
it's called the jazz nod. Prestigious honor... I've really only known Stevie Wonder and Radio Head to get it.
(1/2) DJing a philosophy conference party this week. Really hard composing setlist for such an undefined & diverse musical target/taste.
Gotta Follow For a shout out.
Yay!! I made the trailer :) well...my picture anyway. Congrats guys!
To the ultimate big cheese (I mean of PW-paragraph fame): humbly requesting some big cheese & chocolate from France. xoxo, Rachel
Because they are amazing!
no worries, see you today
Chk out team-member, on the Show tonight (heard locally on ) discussing our LOCAL SF film !
You have insomnia too? Why am I awake????
I can't believe we're not up 1-0 right now....I mean, all you have to do is hit the frickin net!!
She RATCHET !
Tonight! Danger Snack Does... 1030pm in the Loft
#imagine Harry is in a hot tub, you sit on his lap and you can feel something hard against your legs.
I HOPE IPWV_EXTENDED VERSION Beats Phineas and Ferb's movie in views!
Finally got around to watching The Graduate. Did not know Mr Feeny was in it.
Dad needs to realize when he's wrong and stop ignoring everyone else's opinions...
i hate it when they lip sync! its like a waste of money! i'd much rather see them singing for real and feel their emotion.
For those who have been abandoned by bio-mom, learn to appreciate the mother figure in your life.
How dare you say vin likes you.
If we don't all of what this picture stands for is lost.
I'm a unicorn (: #greeneyes <3
We had 6 NBA players on the team this year, which is way more than the Bobcats had.
Workout time!!!
Very beautiful and amazing. You guys showcase the mysteries of the African continent like no one else!
Welcoming the new year with an open heart and mind.
Escape the monsoon outside and drop into Beckett's for Ladies’ night specials!
Finally lunch time in this country place that i work .
Looking forward to watching you break out the cooking skills. 2/3 is on the calendar.
indeed, the only thing I find interesting about it is it's one of the only plays without a clear textual source
Life is a process of becoming, a combination of states we have to go through. -Anai¨s Nin
only in conjunction with girls in skimpy clothing. Otherwise it just gets weird
excellent--it ought to be a good 'un. and their holdings of course are mindboggling.
“: single after 3.5 years ! lol” like you won't get back together or something.
Happy Mothers Day ! xo
of course! It really changed my thinking about food so hopefully other people will check it out too.
Super excited!! RT : Excited to have at Ingram today to talk about his new book, Platform!
In 2012 why do they still distribute phone books automatically? You should have to pay if you want one. & Yes, I do advertise in it.
Why would the only guy to probably ever hit a ball to the top deck at Petco need PEDs again?
Danger making me cry and all.
Two essays on two digital editions due in two days' time. TG for #DevonThinkPro and #Zotero! Plus shoutout to for #OO guidance!
We are going to #MagicKingdom and #AnimalKingdom today. We'll have some new #videos to share with fellow #Disney enthusiasts.
no defense in any major sport these days.
Yes!! I am trying to make sure my gauge is right. I so rarely do that. Bad knitter! :)
hope you love your hair!
listening to the whole dead throne album, can never get tired of it. :)
#STAMPEDE is going to be amazing! RT : #TACC will introduce a 20 Petaflop supercomputer with Dell this year
going out for a run to rid myself of excess pounds :P
Great start!
Second Course....
Best surprise you ever found in your lunchbox? (Or put in one?)
I wish you were still in chicago.
Most students do not think that studying History is cool, so be cool with your lesson planning.
Here we go! SEAS Class Day 2012!
RT: Create something, it will be yours forever.
DONT YOU FALL ASLEEP!!!! you got this
Generations - suggested that a young, professional of color wear a suit to a SD Bus Journal event. Still goes back to company culture.
Worst night e ever!:/
bree I thing your pretty would u like to go on a date next time your in philadelphia
The Afternoon FiX with MC Nutt is on right now! Tune in and check it out!!! WSUPFL.com
No matter how fast you run, Michael Myers will always run faster
how can we be involved? Popgh.com
Now she wanna photo you already know though u only live once thats the motto
Man City vs Man United. Right now. (Oh, and Bowling Green Hot Rods lead WI Timber Rattlers 2-1 in 7th, via ).
If only.
what's the matter?
Possession of the ball is the key to winning in football, basketball, and the game of life.
But always be true to yourself ! No body can break u down! #StayStrong !!
thanks, good to see u too, bless.
Grabbing lunch, and heading into the office for a bit to do some work.
major headache...way to start my Saturday
Spring has officially arrived - the lamenting started today that the office windows don't open.
no tips other than follow with shower like Dustin Brown and many other NHL'ers
Every time I turn on the TV, I remember why I don't watch TV.
The artist who aims at perfection in everything achieves it in nothing. – Eugene Delacroix
Free Chipotle in the student center!
nah i'm no ginger
Can't wait for the championship game, march madness at its finest
Huh? I live in Wisconsin... you don't. I know how things work here. In all seriousness where do you get your info?
Good Morning to all my Peeps! Have a wonderful and blessed day :)
When does Robin Hood open?
Forgiving yourself of the past is important. Have you forgiven yourself?
RT #Pisces does not control any part of a relationship. They receive with open arms, legs and heart. Be good to them.
Thanks for stopping in! Have a Merry Christmas!!
Band yelling bad pseudo-Dwight-Yoakam-Let's-Work-Together probs outside Indian restaurant, ruining D2 Mighty Ducks. Not S enuf on S.Congress
oh thanks! ;)
Imma addicted to the drug trade
prayers, happy thoughts, and good karma are coming your way! Thank YOU for blessing US with that beautiful voice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Why are y'all getting me fired up at fucking midnight. Dammit! Ps. Don't wake
I was thinking that.
he is risen indeed
can I have the link?
Two more days until Kylie!
you got that right!
we now know what would Jesus do?
Maybe we could do a dinner for all members too..
this was really good advice
Stay safe #studyabroad friends affected by #irene. Thinking of you all!
its okay
more finals of what? Placing higher than 3rd in the west has done you tons of good hasn't it
super bored
Monolingualism is a serious problem but here at SPI we can cure that.
Not exactly sure how hot "fuck" is, but yeah, hot as that....100, easy
So many great workshops today @ #NYLA11 which ones are you attending?
its pretty sweet
Got my prom date! :D...again...lolol
what's a jarm ?
RT : In case you're new to this, #hff12 is the official hashtag for the 2012 Hollywood Fringe Festival
New to Twitter, but would definitely like to connect with my Facebook friends and keep them in formed with it... "come.. follow me"
in my day that was simply a hot toddy..
has reportedly split from boyfriend
i use a combo of read later and pinboard
So true. And sad.
im on skype..
Pool Party Sunday #BATHE dont ask about it, be about it! Hit up for details :-)
doing fundraiser for on Saturday! Will be a great time.
Got a new phone. Thats why I havent been on. Sorry if i missed your messages!
9am isn't that early if you don't get "trolé" ;)
“ #Aquarius are very private.”
I get back to work from vacation to find that someone in the front office used all my French Vanilla creamer in the break room.
its soo good i add lemonade to make it sweeter!:b
@ yup. Grew up in the middle of an orange grove!
You know that thing about laughing so hard till your stomach hurts......it's true
the eve of the new era, and some1 should snap a gorgeous pic of this moonrise over the officials tower!!
Tonight! Market: Yann Tiersen, : The Black Keys w/Arctic Monkeys and : Black Moth Super Rainbow
Never Reponds to IMPORTANT @'s
Next Big Teen goal is to provide teenagers with a constructive outlet in which to showcase their talent. Go 2 www.nextbigteen.com
I hope we will have a snowday tomorrow, but not holding my breath.
Transformation literally means going beyond your form. - Wayne Dyer
Workout Wed: Vary your routine by adding interval ( inten/decreases) in workout or try something new. Activate those muscles!
who is authority? :) whoever that is, should have stepped in
Still got so much shit on my mind
See why kids at a middle school in Texas transformed their entire library! Tune in this Sunday 9p ET/PT on
#10ThingsYouCouldDoForMe 10. have them tell me they love me<U+2665>
#Things Bums Say, ''I bet you aint tryna share that piece of bacon'' Lol
I must need a plastic tray to make my apple, egg, grapes, cheese, bread & taste as like the #Starbucks protein bistro box.
well then I will have to come back to Alaska and visit with you. Any bites on bringing me back?
Making some changes to twitter deleting those who are not Mutual so excuse the inconvenience and confusion
There are very few rewards to contributing to a scientific collaboration network. Rewards are still mostly for papers.
Filling the voids in your soul with stuff doesn't work. Believe me. I just bought myself a power drill and an electric pencil sharpener.
You are a m a z i n g. Just wanted to tell you that. :)
Miss ya!
Just because it's trending...
Thanks for liking my page John! :-)
Congratulations to the Los Angeles Lakers - THE 2009 NBA CHAMPS!!
Pack @ Chargers on NFLN. That was a great time.
If declares war on the environment today in OK, he will see the people who put him in office turn against him in droves.
House and dog sitting with kids. Training them early Carter 7, Stella 5.
im sitting by arthur god no
On the air in a few minutes on KLNT 1490 AM with the inaugural game of your !
We have a problem, guy. Text me.
weekend plans: Fri- Inspiring more AVID students, Sat- family/friend time+ wine, Sun- Malibu time. Gotta cherish the moments
That's awesome! You're a senior, right?
thanks for the follow!!
Maan i didn't know Busta Rhymes was in Halloween
Good times at for "Business After 5" last night - performance students strutting their stuff. Ka pai!
haha hope so!
Working w/ CMS on a site. From a dev perspective: flexible, compact, intutive. My new go-to CMS! +5 Agility to the Perch team!
Congrats , on the win tonight!!
No way. Serious??
I LOVE that my love of music is shared by and with my son Rockin' #johnmayerlive at his suggestion. Awesome!
how's the fight going?
No!!! you made the wrong choice
got an adorable purse todayy!
you cant stand iJever?why?
wowsers, I see he's scratched now. That changed the complextion very much.
i just wrote "can be knowed"
Getting a massage in an hour!
hope that #garretanderson resurfaces in a low-pressure situation and resumes his unlikely quest for 3,000...gonna miss ya, even at .181,
thanks james!
Are You Sure ^___^ Your Sleepy.!
thanks i think ive found a way to combine graphic design and communications so I only gna get better at these animated infographics
another 4-5 years before we run aground in Flash
get the same from my clients & friends or training at the gym ! Got to stay motivated to reach ~:-)
Practicing for choir <3 Gotta love the music from Phantom of the Opera! (:
At least he started all 18 games last year, I'm not sure the same can be said or achieved by Payton. What about throwing?
King has the HS ranking in the bag.. I sure hope comes around!
Gil hows everything going?
Thank you for your support. It is well appreciated!
First Auditions for principal roles tomorrow in Pittsburgh! Still time to send in your resumes or video submissions!
- still can't send the DM, I think you have to follow me
of course. Have a friend who has stage 4 colon cancer. I know how tough it can be :/
Winning was in the effort...so he learned...I think:)
#of teams say Deuce McAllister RT : best comp for Chris Polk: a poor man's Steven Jackson. Not as athletic, but similar styles
There's not much snow...
i just wanna live, i wish i could breathe.
Playing apple baseball with fake apples! Haha I love :)
yes I kno! Have u gotten tickets already?
Ytf is my ex lying about studying culinary at csu?? He took ONE class in music/media like 12yrs ago
Cannot wait for The Avengers to come out!
Omg I love type! Yea hamilton wood type museum!!!!!!!!!
Lol. I wouldn't bet on it. RT : Clippers can beat the Spurs. They got way too many weapons
My point is ur analogy wrong. Right now we need more national support (not just DNC) 4 unique race/situation
You can't change the past, but you can ruin the present by worrying about the future.
right now when I see you(:
did carnie just do what I think she did on stage
Sure thing! (:
Just watched the Clippers press conference and I'm SO EXCITED!!!!!!!!!
Happiness is having maintenance show up to move lots of old furniture, shelving, file cabinets tagged TRASH. All going to better homes.
<<Diddy teach the dudes to keep their swagger up!
When do we get our yearbooks?
The best that happen to me is when i got a dm from the best diua in the wwe
God won't send us ANYTHING if we aren't prepared and ready to receive it. Be pure, be clear, be ready.
Good morning :)
#nowPlaying North North - Project Pat
In all fairness, Boozer may not have been the answer this series but he is definitely not the problem
S/o too all myy wonderful followers :) muahzz*xOxO
Fascinating. Wow!
even though I don't believe in the curse, I still voted against him...
#Career Advice Pearl: The spirit you build with your team is a sustainable competitive advantage. Praise/Reward your team for performance.
Nicki Minaj look like at a Space Cadet!!!!!
I Love My Boyfriend , Even When He's An Asshole :) <33
Yeah Braun! I'll see you in Arizona sir!!
Should I stay or should I go now? If I go there will be trouble. If I stay there will be double!
4 days...... :O where did this week go?
I love it when I wake up before my alarm clock goes off.
so...uhm...like, we have a date tomorrow right? ;)
i am your girl:P
Huey Mack is actually pretty damn good
That lifeless feeling you have after you take one of salyer's tests<<<<
Bieber-gender.
saying goodbye to makes my heart ache </3
Do you realize that in just 2 weeks of running you've reduced your mile time by 57 seconds? Couch to 5k works! Keep it up!
Microfiche is so cool.
In Richmond, VA area? Forest City's Tobacco Row - unique adaptive re-use project and they're putting 57" touchscreen to great marketing use!
My first ever conference presentation tomorrow! Looking forward to hearing reactions to my characterization of water planning in CA.
I leave Monday & was hoping to stay thru the weekend but not sure yet. Ok, cool.....will come if I'm here.
I hate depending on niggas for rides, if something ever happens to my car I'm fucking killing myself.
Well good thing youre back in the US! its only 4:12 (:
i was going to go dress shopping today but that has changed to a doctors appointment ): blah.
sorry to see Landscape Futures come down this week. How's your new map project?
easy to spot with that hair :)
I never kiss and tell. (:
The fact that everyone in my family loves football in my family besides me is never fun on my part.....
A-W-E - Some call me awesome
#GoCLIPPERS!! RT : #ClipperNation stand up! We need everyone support tomorrow night. We cant do it without you guys
Heading in to my third stats test of the semester--a quarter of my grade. Send happy, don't-f-up-your-basic-math thoughts my way!
What did you have for lunch today? With this weather, warm soup sounds good to me ... - Theresa Lucas
That son of Jor-El kept screwing up my deliveries this week. KNEEL BEFORE BAKED GOODS!
Pacific beach was good to me last night!
all this time I kept thinking.. She looks like someone I know... Emma Stone!
i mean Everybody gosh my ipod with the small keys
Craving Italian food at 7am. Not pregnant, just on a diet and dreaming. M, chicken Bryan.
chillin planin a trip for my vacation!
I am literally obsessed with ancient aliens... the show blows my mind!
my room is so hot omg thank god for fans~~~
I've never even heard of it. Am I way behind the curve??? Are you going to wow me with a recipe? :)
10 new hires ready for my 10/24 orientation. Are you ready to join #Gentiva? Let's talk!
Watch The ToeTappy Video Everyday And Vote (: Can I Get A Follow Please :D
Ouch. Just upgraded to a EVO #D recently. Love it. Wife upgraded to a Nexus 4G, too. I almost wish I had chosen that.
Dont fall in love with somebody you can live with,fall in love with someone you cant live without..[: <3
shares a writing project: "Have a great story to share? Write it on a napkin and leave it on a cop’s windshield."
I was gonna hit "Follow All" on 's account until I realized she had a board named "Fonts" #TooNerdy ;-)
Don't get me wrong its the talentless mediocre pop stuff that sells so gotta do it! :) glad Jack White still doing his thing!
RT-great day// Nice!!
I'm at the Horizon Project retreat, celebrating 10 years of research into emerging technology in education.
Don't we all
"Keep it G ...rated please, there are little kids around."
Thanks to all of our supporters who attended the 2010 Walk to Empower corporate breakfast yesterday.
We can only hope!
Wrong Side of a Love Song is the ..ish
don't tell that hoe you coming skeet all in her throat
Shame that I have to close the blinds in the office. It's TOO sunny in Seattle :)
Minus the hangover + Casa haha RT : or the hangover
I think that that just became part of your to-do list. Who would you write about first?
I see ya. Looking good!
Of course! We hope to see you again soon! RT and thank you for yet another wonderful dining experience. :)
Blood. Ice covered in blood! Thats what youd see if you opened courtneys freezer. We stuck our tongues to the freezer bar!.
i have 777 followers. i've apparently hit the twitter jackpot. this is like that time in vegas when i won $5 and then lost $50.
RT done with thanksgiving food and back to good ole healthy diet and exercise. today isn't gunna be too fun.
First time tweetin'. We will see how it all goes
Thought for Today: "If an article is attractive, or useful, or inexpensive, they'll stop making it tomorrow; if it's all three, they stopped
If Cher supported Walker, I'd have to reconsider Barrett. Haha! (Assuming he can remember yesterday)
feels good to be home!!
man I miss you too! New music video coming soon!!
Manchester United VS. Newcastle LIVE at Noon!
I'm literally about to throw myself out of this moving vehicle. SHUT THE FUCK UP OH MY GOD
Blunt Blowing !
i wish would RT this i would be so #greatful(:
I need to hit up Chris Breezy concert!
I hate it when it breeches & I've got to turn it around. “: I just felt the foodbaby kick. Time to go to the delivery room!”
Looking good Devin!
I love savannah.. We'll make it happen this year -jw
Healthcare costs per capita in the U S 'r the highest in th world, & leave our population uninsured or underinsured without access to care
hi sam.
Jksnfosdjngosdvosdinosidvn #Bachelorette this Jackson guy who is a "fitness model"
Making us sweeter? Could sugar BE any sweeter?
I leave the screen black, pretend to scroll twitter and email. It's very fulfilling. If I pretend to watch video, it dies.
Why did the ginger's shoes wear out so quickly? Because they had no soles! Hahaha
Check out #ALLIN To End Homelessness on the Quad at 12-4 tmmr to learn about how you can do your part to end homelessness!
its sprinkling in san diego! love it!
You sharing recipes?
Miami Beach is where neon goes to die.
dats all u can do its keep it movin but u went back up da road
I usually just use my own hardware to avoid the headache.
I need to go to sleep
Yes girl! Of course Clark's
You're all fuckers
Exactly. He's a good wrestler, but he holds it all back due to his gimmick.
good to catch up! We need to get together soon!
The Disallowed Goal doesn't matter anymore, GERMANY BEAT THE CRAP OUT OF ENGLAND! GO GERMANY!
Missouri House Education committee hearing HB 1043 requiring 1/3 of a formula funding shortfall to come from "hold harmless" districts.
Loving new #music by & : 2 brand-new albums contrast well.
you tweet a lot about Sunny D haha
Then one of his girlfriends was all "Why are you always in your undies?" and I was like "IF YOU PLAN ON MARRYING MY BROTHER, GET USED TO IT"
I been busy like hell ready to get it in, in da lab
Sorry, but I don't need any part-time people in my life.. You're either with me or you're not. You can't just come and go as you please.....
also rugrats, angry beavers, and rockos modern life. Now all I need is some Pete & Pete and Legends of the Hidden Temple and Im a kid again!
I am sad about Meg Ryan's face.
chance for rain on Saturday only up until noonish. Skies will begin to clear out afterwards. Sat night looks nice!
Lemmme know how i taste
I want to be on a beach somewhere; drink in hand, and worry free for a day...
GTL with minus the L
headed home after a great week in fort worth with the rest of the team
I didn't want to get out of bed this morning and probably won't want to tomorrow either...
I'll split it in half
So the quest for info begins... Sigma out...
Imagination equips us to see a reality we have yet to create. Take five minutes today and daydream about something important to you.
Once you start . . .
Any Democratic Senators in Wisconsin need a place to hide? I'm not too far from Wisconsin - you can crash at my place!
we like you too. Thanks.
haha I saw that Owen, you're famous!!!!!!!
we make a very terrible mistake by letting love pass us by.. que te pasa mami?
Just had Alexis () Ohanian say really strange things to me. It was magical.
Sounds like fun! Open today @ 4pm! Gallery Nite on Friday! Be excited!
The growth and prosperity of any state is in proportion to the number of landed proprietors.
Thank God I met you
has been out and about. You on AIM?
only if I knew someone that can hook me up X)
we should live until we die
I'm an artist in the WestLoop, and I'd love to connect with you.
Welcome, shiny one.
#DidYouKnow? Fort Greene Park is Brooklyn’s 1st park & originally the site of forts during the Revolutionary War & War of 1812!
Montezuma is such a beautiful song.
Luc Richard isn't crashing the boards at all. This is pathetic.
happy thanksgiveing everyone =)
Wen my crush likes a bitchs pic on Fb and comments u look Hot,Beautiful,gorgeous,Cute I get jealous Tuhhh >.< :x..:/
A man's go to do what a man's got to do. A woman must do what he can't. ~ Rhonda Hansome
congrats on playoff win.
Leonard makes the circus shot. Spurs go up 4-2
Thanks LIPA! My house is back and juiced up
Dang my granny ask alot of questions
haha great minds think alike that's what I'm doing now lol I think I'll b fine
Getting ready to go out in a bit :-)
Did you know that transgendered populations are hugely affected by #HIV representing over 28% of infections?
Just change the file name of your JS or CSS file. Append the date or something. Browsers will see a new file and grab it.
It makes me sick. After I found out how Teresa cheated on him, it's whatever makes him happy. WHO IN HELL would cheat on ST?
She keep tagging her ass lol
i know i strongly dislike him as well!
Watching a karate class full of 5 and 6 year olds so frigging cute!!!ayah!!
for once I am glad to be at work...
Traveling home from home - Wilmington
not if YOUR the one being tickled... But at least there's no homework
oh really, that cool
Congrats to and for their roles on GCB! I loved seeing you talented girls on the show tonight!
Shannon says he loves you ;)
going to the #jrorangebowlparade with the best nicole toloza
Hello, summertime! It's nice to see you again. :)
Hey-O!
If Frank is scared, what chance do we have?
Should we start a Kickstarter?
best workplace birthday policy: celebrate group birthdays once a month and spend that cake money on desert catering and a party. FABULOUS!
theyd have to buy it!
Back at the crib :D
Kindle FIRE=good yet bad. I thought I would read, but I've been doing a lot of playing.
If my dad catches me on the phone so late, he'll kick both of our little tushies lol
awesome! Enjoy and feel free to share the feast! ;)
Watching Florence & The Machine do their thing... Snoop & Dre finally next!
I'll never be noticed by my idols 1D LOVE UU
Awesome. I have been disconnected for most of the last two days. Thanks for this.
Dreamt I was made of Photoshop layers and I was trying to select my headache to delete it, ended up filtering myself into a watercolor.
When you die, can I have your stuff?
Thank you for ShareKit, so much time saved.
Right after I get makeup on.
Happy birthday, Christopher Hitchens. Get well soon and keep kicking ass.
MOST Contaminated Fruits/Veggies (Buy Organic)Peach,Apple,Bell Peppers,Celery,Stawberries,Cherries,Kale,Spinach,Carrots,Pear,Potatoes
Damn I am about to drive all the way back to Houston. So tired -.-
<---- love u lots u made meeh feel bttr thx:) Gota go bye "follow him he's the bst BELIEBER:)
what did it do?
I miss the old Lupe Fiasco man...smh
&' #AlexAndRobertTweetTweet GET IT TRENDING WORLDWIDE ! <3' WE CAN DO THIS (:
Red hair don't care.
I'm going to stop taking birth control the next time we fight and trap you forever
I have to work today????? A one day job..... and dont get paid.... On the bright side. NO SCHOOL
omg no shut up!! I want some!!
Shhh > : secret's out > let's not tell anyone how bitchin' it is ===> Shh! Let's keep our little secret
Just read a haunting column written by an Iraq war vet. So powerful.
Inter Vivos => Between living persons
too many
Today's Quote: "Grown don't mean nothing to a mother. A child is a child. They get bigger, older, but grown? What's that suppose to mean? In
#IFindThatAttractive athletic men. Cause in athletic too and yes! i will watch sports with u. Lol just fuck golf BORING!
Yeah, American dollars. It's more than the company, the biggest media group in Turkey, is worth, all assets considered.
You should try a ripple ePortfolio. Check us out!
Dear autocorrect: I meant "good morning." Not "good Niebuhr" or "good mutiny."
Love the one you with...?
I posted lots of pics w/my check-ins : Wow what a great turnout tonight! Thank you everyone
whats a good cheap app to view/edit word/excel docs?
Engine28 is coming down the tracks. June 15.
OMG baby birds this stalker chic Mary Prantil does have criminal records!!! WOW tweeps!!!
well, I haven't seen Sorcerers Apprentice yet..
hello we won the Miami fl tournament and I wondering if by any chance u can send me info for the finals?
looks like storm is finally here. Cazy wind. Lots of rain. Still have elec. 1 casualty - TOMATO PLANT DOWN! Repeat tomato plant down.
thanks 4 that follow back i will enjoy following u ;)
further systemically harmful gender roles via social networking because you have no idea why other than youre stupid
thanks for the love ward!
cue the rimshot
Well this is a real wrath-of-god kind of hailstorm.
WILSON'S FOOD FAMOUS FOR HOT TAMALES CLEVELAND OHIO WERE WE WIN WIN WIN!!!!!!
Are you a local business, if so check out our local packages
Tired dealing with grumps....lol
They too excited for school to be out cause they clowning.
At the High Museum
Up with this bullshit I will not put.
with campolo right
Houston we have a problem =\
“: So we're going to be in Afghanistan until 2024. That went well.”
In the same county as Mario Lopez. :))
No worries! We are ALL still learning ... drinking wine seems to help, though.
too late! I didn't get your text Putanga :(
Am I the only one who finds the Invisible Children vans funny?
Congrats! RT : Congrats for beating her time goal on her first #halfmarathon You Rock, girl! So proud!
Attention 2012 grads of the School of Foreign Service: Don't forget to use #Hoyas2012 for your graduation twitter needs :) Congratulations!
been trying forvever...
thanks for the love... watches are $25 but worth it to give a child #onechance to beat the odds of the slums in Kenya.
I enjoy her n i dn even see her
When the dude's tupay (spelling) flipped up the the factory!!!!! LOL
Check out the Black Friday sale over at - still wearing and loving their kicks - one of the better golf shoe deals out there.
you liked that tweet bro? Lmao
No I don't. Got a new phone but still have the same number.
When your grandparents come home and save you from going to school the next day <3 :P
sounds like an amazing trip!
yes i am xD thanks!!
Heard multiple times during draft week: "I recognize you from Twitter." How networking has changed...
The sun is out and bright! It's a good day to be on the #phametour - we leave for Estacada in 15 minutes!
Social Media pro-tip: Don't link to articles behind closed paywalls/gateways that need a login. :)
I really wish i knew what i wanted my career to be
Are Peyton Manning and Marvin Harrison gonna be doing commercials together 15 yrs from now, the way Steve Young and Jerry Rice are now?
Eberle! Come on #Oilers do it for the orange and blue!
AH. I hate having to wait til the next week to see the next episode of a show! #Smash!
so what are you up too
Good point. The Romans were pretty savage.
I need to do some research
Pandora radio is da best thing sense peanut butter n jelly!!!
Thanks for RTing our Extras call, will be a fun shoot!
Going to fort worth today for a meeting should be fun.
Programming is like sex: One mistake and you support it a lifetime.-- Unknown
haha, no Its from mean girls. & lol but my Great Grandpa did invent the sticky & non sticky photo corners for scrap books :)
Who took that picture? It's amazingg! I love neewwyorrrkkk<U+2665>
Then Hes Comin Back To Texas!? (:
Does TODAY really have to be the first day of the rest of my life? Next Thursday would work so much better for me
Have on sweat pants with basketball shorts underneath....lol
wtf. is that girl radicalized for life now?
Haha. The match highlights were some fans flying flags & the players coming out of the tunnel. That was it!<sarcasm>Great game</end sarcasm>
Does anyone have anything intriguing to share? Want to learn something new.
Walt must have been such an amazing fellow.
Quick reminder for those at #oms12: Biz blogging as hub of content marketing strategy. Today at 11:45 Sapphire E.
you're welcome and thank you kindly for the mentions!
Can I just say these last 2 weeks have been care free & nothing to worry about. That's all I need :)
we should hang out soon and watch movies. yes?
I need to get my iPod screen fixed.. Pieces are falling out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Im in need of help dammit! If this falls through first to help me out can have tix
Led Zepplin or Pink Floyd?
Question! I'm about to add #Synephrine to my fat burner how many milligrams should I consume?
Fort Worth! We want to expand our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
I try to get Em help me create bedtime stories as much as possible. They usually involve trains and farm animals.
---i will b there!
The end of wisdom is to dream high enough not to lose the dream in the seeking of it.William Faulkner
I think deserves it, it we definitely a pro-active move.
my sister told me to ask you to hook her up with Jake
Never argue w/ an idiot, they will drag you down to their level & beat you w/ experience.
what do you do in LA when it rains? i would say go to the mall, but most of them don't have a roof.
RT : RT : Congrats on getting 100,000+ followers! :D You deserve it. <==== I just wanna hit 1,000 :/
Looking to connect with more #actors, #directors, #agents...anyone in the business lets #network!
hey tx for the pointer to Steins Flirting at Bon Marche piece: what a fabulous piece to teach! Will be my go-to Stein henceforth...
#teamfollowback I got yall my new followers I will follow yall back
Athens to Memphis to see Matt Chamberlain!
#FengShui: Yin/Yang means 2 opposites. This is true for everything in life: male/female, day/night - POSITIVE thought or negative - CHOOSE.
earlier at #OccupyChi conference i looked down the aisle and thought for a second that this one white haired man was Bill Clinton
#Galtung's mediation is about transforming the system and offering a new reality, not about simply compromising.
also, does it matter who uw is competing against? Losing out to vandy is embarrassing for this program
scary movies aren't meant to watch alone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
We Will See About That Baby This Weekend ^...^
I doubt he realizes I like him more than anything...I hatte myself so much.
"A wise man never knows all, only a fool knows everything."
make it happen
~New Moon!~
8 days until . Final long run complete.
is rockin it out this morning! Way to pull out all the stops with some awesome summer jams, woot!
Issue 108 has + so much more. Grab one for free and be in the know!
I hate staying after school.. just finished my math test.. time to gtfo of here now..
I think I'm getting this figured out. The thing I'm feeling is why most people drive cars here. The bus system is confusing.
yes, her name is Aunt Rachel.
whatever brah, ill do pushups in 110 degree weather.
we are making #progress and we cant afford to let the gop take us back to the stone age
When are we going to talk UTSA to C-USA, Taylor!
Being from Indiana, March Madness is must see TV because basketball isn't just a sport, it's more like a religion.
yes sir and my bad it's 6 HR's....
and the d@%& plays in a dome. Come on holden, real football.
I couldn't ask for a better best friend. She always makes me laugh and is always there. She's like my only true friend.
Don't know him personally. Just think he's a pretty good reporter. I enjoy reading him.
you spelled my twitter name wrong -_____-
storms in the area...guess the clouds finally decided to do something rather than sit ther n look grey.
Nothing bugs me more then when people can't use proper grammar. Like, it's just another button. Fucking push it.
To all my grown folks out there 21+ tonight is the Stylized event at Someday Lounge check out the new line tonight !
It's like Christmas, new years and Hanukkah all rolled into one. National Signing Day!
hahahahahah lmfao are you serious lol that's funny
what you been doin love
The Disney Channel shows ANT Farm and Jessie are actually terrible. Why am I watching this?
yep ;) I just like my own quote ;) lmfao!!! ;D thank u 4 asking bro!!! Xoxoxo much <3
: Specials and Freebies on Friday, 5-7, including the Chorizo Racing Sausage and so much more but
Good bacteria is essential optimal health. FlorAlive helps clear emotional blockages that occur and damage physical and mental
No doubt!
I watch Letterman sometimes too...tonight it just happened to be on NBC...I will just watch monologue then need to sleep :)
Listened to 4 songs and #Dreamchasers2 is already the best tape this year
Wife out of town. Son and i immediately put on the Fellowship OF the RING DVD.
college will be here soon.
He needs permission first.
If steroids are illegal for athletes, then Photoshop should be illegal for models.
I won't be but please check it it out and ask for Ashley or Hayley
This Sunday The bad bitch party hosted my Gia from bad girls club it's going down
Having you still feels like a dream
I want one!!!
hahhaah were fine. i just always has to say that
Aw thanks :) have a great morning! RT : :-) look great btw
round table is very impressive today. & set the tone for important discussion.
Howard Stern interview w/ may be the best interview of all time. Amazing.
you should broadcast on ustream often :P long time you hav'nt broadcast xD
what record bro
Kobe pissed off ": Kobe when seeing Russell & KD walk into the interview room: "Oh, s---. Yellow pants?! See you in L.A., fellas.""
I wanna go home :-(
Nothing greater!
RT“: Your dreamcatcher's about to get stuffed with nightmares. #hippiethreats”
Uh oh , have you tried our #GlutenFree pizza yet? A damn fine pie for sure.
Wow I thought the last 20 hours of this campaign would have been me begging to make the goal. What an amazing surprise!
Why judge yourself by what someone else is saying? They only know what they think.~ sitting bull
Just another day to get through and I'm free!!!
There's more election fraud with GOP candidates running as recall Dems than reasons to pass the Voter ID.
gets them thru it when you ur hurting and just want ur child back
Rad! “: #coldcave was fucking incredible. Thank you for making this night awesome.”
I hope you die from your fake ulcer!
Oh shit, for what?
uuummm I was simply expressing my love for you lol
#timeto quit smoking
It's so nasty when people smell like soup
I don't love Jesus this I know for the bible told me some bull shit.
I love my cousin but her and her fiance are dumb as fuck. They both went and got HUGE tats of each others names on them
Not sure if I can do this...
Could you please please please follow me, I've been trying to get you to for over a year. Pleassseeee <U+2665><U+2665> xoxo ily!<U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
Good to hear! Thanks for the feedback!
mikey ways the matter booboo
No thoughts whatsoever.
Assassin's Creed II + studying Latin + watching the Godfather = I really want to go to Italy
follow back please?:)
wow those are amazing!
Sure. Maurice Clarett volunteer coach. He owes Andy one.
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!!! c:
:O you have not tweeted yet D:
Thanks! Small hiatus but we are back. Lot's of more photos to come :)
Watching videos online about the flooding at home. Can't believe it. I feel so far away. Hope everyone is hanging in there...
Kavin said u played McKinley.
indeed it is :)
lol man...so many people were twitter salty too
for tonight, a night in with pizza + UFC! i will be painting my nails WHILE watching UFC. the world might implode.
#RIPAngel you will always be in our hearts :,( i am sorry for your lose
SMOKE GOOD, FUCK BETTER, COUNT MONEY, WHAT'S BETTER ?;))
Thankful for my Savior <3
yeah, when your mind feels like its in a bottle?
Id Be Decent 2 Work Wid Colin Tilley On A Music Vid One Day..
ha ha! My American born 16yo offspring asked me today what a "minger" was. Took some explaining...
there is one more set of Harold Mabern tonight and it is ABSOLUTELY worth coming over for. It Is his 75th birthday this week.
OMFG hurry up n put justin on my tv
i hate the air & water show. grotesque pompous showing of miliary might.
Diving back into work in a big way... goodbye Christmas, hello trade show season
aaagghghghghghgh now i want a donut
Presenter: a resume is metadata on your career. hunger games meet museums
So yeah I used a typewriter today at work...how are these things still even around?
Yes, please!
hey girl! Follow me..I have a question to ask you regarding a certain dancer we both love! <U+E404>
hope you and have a great time living here!
Whats new u like 2 hear from Joker???
#LLOPS12 ending with a presentation by Seattle Councilmember Bruce Harrell on local government ...
Ecuador says it has a vineyard on the equator, while a Napa Valley vintner ... - Financial Times
Hey Maggie. I have a cover up im interested in with you =D Going to NY next week. ya down to do a Ganesh tatt?
Treats 'n snoozin, snoozin 'n treats.
Playing Draw Something with yay! :)
Weird but as much as i cant stand chitown teams i feel sorry for da
sorry, I don't get in until the 20th.
I'm going HAM tonight, bitch! Cause there's no way I'm gonna keep this beauty in the fridge till Easter after getting the fucking munchies.
Thanks love!! XO
Just crushed a pizza smoothie.
Studies find that those who eat the most fiber gain the least weight over time.
when is the music video your doing gonna come out??? :)
LOTS more!
You're just mad you forgot yours.
didn't know that was a possibility. You should probably do that then
will be at #uwcelebration photoing donors who raised record millions for community. How much? Find out !
Being adult means doing what you have 2do even if u don't want 2do it.
Libras Are Cool
stop well ok she had it coming
#RVA, want to help plan a day filled with #FAITH, #FUN, #FAMILY, #FRIENDS, and of course #FOOD...Email us at blacklovefest[at]gmail(dot)com
Whoa, its scary how well #Pandora knows the music I like. Enjoying driving in #Atlanta with tunes picked for me, I feel so special.
You to.
taking a time out! hope u r too..
Edible arrangements>>>
Boys have #swag while men have
why would you charge me for seven drinks when I only ordered 5?!
: We are currently experiencing slow response time when ordering ppv. Our engineers are aware and working to resolve shortly.
Who's watching night one of 's #Prohibition on ?
Something's been missing
August Rush is one of my favorite movies :) <3333
BULLS WIN!!! D Rose is the MVP!! What a fun year!
Traded 7 beers last night for 7 miles on the #running trail today. Worth it? We shall see.
For The Love Of
Will be downloading to my myspace account soon. The new single. I will appreciate your comments. Love
hahhahaha thank you so much!
The #cherryblossoms & #tourists r out in FORCE tnite!!!
Who liked Girl With The Dragon Tattoo? I know i sure did :)
RT RT Did I hear right today, the Iraq War is over? That was quick! Well, no harm, no foul.
I shud b out da house by now damn
Flushing the eyes with water is the preferred treatment to remove foreign objects or chemical contamination from the eyes. Do NOT rub them!
Or wave excitedly at the centerfield camera while gabbing on yer cellphone...
don't think so. Good food on broxton & sawtelle.
give Pops a hug for me!!
is truly one of the coolest museums on the planet! Perfect for little kids and adult kids too :-)
i want my phone to get fixed, but i dont want to pay for it!! ~_~
I'm totally stoked. Swam my first mile (FINALLY) since December! Hopefully no other injuries get in the way of my Tri-training this season!!
Can not sleep! I hate feeling this way
Don&#39;t Get Sick at the Gym: 7 Ways to Prevent Infection
Gota love Colorado :)
It's alright Pittsburgh fans. Hockey season might be over for us, but movie filming season has just begun! Matt Damon & Christian Bale. :)
Shareitmedia (shareitmedia) thanks for the follow.
GM & Happy Monday Everyone lets pursue our passions live our dreams & fulfill our destines
Cody Jasper was considered a childhood prodigy in the guitar! CodyJasper.com
Kobe last sec shot time. Miss It! JINX
Haha that's a status of a champ! Good stuff :)
I like nickleback, big time rush, and Enrique iglesias. I'll be the driver of the bus
Using the breath to monitor your anger warning signs is highly recommended by many anger-mgt. programs
Sleeping on the couch again .. I won't be surprised if I'm not at school tomorrow .. I'm just way to freaked out .
Wow, that smoothie disappeared fast.
Re: grad school: probably. I may need to see what courses you have in graphic/web design but my motion design course is +.
Um, why am I still awake?
"Change your thoughts and you change your world" ~Norman Vincent Peale
THE POWER IS BACK!! :-D Im kinda crying right nao :')
awe thank :$ c:
about to knock out
" you are lucky: My apologies for waking some of you up but I can't sleep... I'm ready to see the Killer Whales tomorrow.."
Yea I think I broke my iPod when they said ICONic Boyz
are you watching #idol?
Oh Em! I was up to over 46,000 then I blew it and went to 1000.
There's nothing like being told you lack critical thinking skills & common sense because of your political beliefs..
I love the new twitter!
Just saw the "Turn it Up" video!! SO INCREDIBLY SICK!!!
Ok. Mellancamp should get off the stage right now!
At the WA Health Benefit Exchange Board mtg in Seattle learning about WA #health reform. Oregon is a step ahead! Feels nice
Line of the minute: "His voice is warm and husky like dark melted chocolate fudge caramel... or something."
Seeing the lovely starring in 2 shorts by film festival in Los feliz!
I blame it on the, model broad with the hollywood smile
Pablo Picasso~ It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction.
5 blocks away :)
We that are true lovers run into strange capers.
Aww you're welcome! :) I'm in 9th but going in 10th this next coming year. :D What grade are you in?
And that's six!! Great performance today!
I hope so
FAT headache !! <U+E058>
Voting now
if i make it out there, i'm totally going with you!
Thoughts and prayers to the Hecht family during this time.
How do I do that. I am still learning twitter :( help me?? :(
Yay! I am not cursed! Go trivia!
HOLY SHIT PELVIC THRUST
No FICTION winner for the Pulitzer? WHAT?
I go back to the doctor tomorrow... Maybe I will be in the clear soon.
Just called my aunts house phone and asked if she was home....-_-...FML....
Bring the family! Nothing brings friends closer together like a virtual game of Uno with tentacles!
Have a very happy New Year! Best, Alpha Kappa Psi, Beta Iota Chapter
hello... i have been on suboxone for 3 years and still clean, sober and without this medication, who knows where Id be
me too;)
Um, foxy? Who are you?
Thank you for pointing out the hypocrisy inherent in the Village Voice's position.
So far today I have eaten: 3 Donuts, some nachos, some ice cream with reeses and oreo on top and a banana
yum. can we push back to 4:30?
Is Jeff Keppinger just short?
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.15
#home is great place
should really really REALLY be studying for bio midterm tomorrow....yes definitely.....but ehhhh maybe later..XDD lmao..i'm such a slacker.
When things happen all around you, you probably just need to check yourself.
Airport security..... Yay me.
Back in Oakland with the rest of , #summerclass starts tomorrow
please follow me I live by typing messages and Facebook posts will follow you in these concerts everywhere with me:)
You're welcome! Loved the idea - couldn't agree more. Moms are just good at getting stuff done! ;)
U know your getting old when every part of your body starts to hurt every other day lol
is tweeting from his new, bigger, better, tastes great, less-filling office!
The Queen of Disco Donna Summer died Thursday morning from cancer, TMZ reported. She was 63. Known for belting it out on “Last Dance” an…
RT reports that antonio gates and Malcon Floyd both out for tonight game against 49ers.
What's up with all the pregnant models in Whole Foods? Springtime in Soho?
Who are the Spurs playing? Clippers @ Grizzlies now on ABC.
Baby steps in planning & launching allows for lessons to be learned from failures.
I'm not the jealous type but what's mine is Minee.<3
no problem :) xx
owning it up again
someone just told me about it today too. I guess that place is a meme now?
Op and hello to , I missed ya on the last tweet!
Not even going to say where I just had amazing blackened tilapia from, you all would never believe me anyway.
dang y I gotta b corny
Cuz ill take dat mess right on out
So much shit to do! Tons of changes on the way! Website Makeover and Sneak-peeks.
:) It sort of ties in with something I've been thinking about re power and money. Not sure how to bundle it with that......
ever tried heating up a cold slice of pizza with a blow drier???
great seeing you at as well! Will definitely drop by
FOLLOW ME AS I FOLLOW CHRIST
Join 100% Natural group on facebook !
I'm the complete opposite when it comes to stress... I don't eat.
Thank you! I plan to eat the leftovers for lunch. The other salad was also lovely.
is it just me or do newsletters take too damn long?
lol gobble gobble
it's meta-turtles all the way down.
no! youre just going to end up coming back. it always happens
i wish we would have filmed it!
Let's hear it :) RT : What actions make you feel loved...help you to know you're loved?
I figured you could call but didn't know if it was marketed as such
A battle royal will be taking place tonight. & love it.
Am I the only one that prefers Twitter on his phone than on the computer
I've been told I have a lot of potential as an aspiring artist.....I believe em!!
Troll Hunter
Addicted: Sorry I Can't Make It, I'm Gaming - Opposing Views
haha. That's awesome. You see any famous people down there. I saw Haden and Cribbs were there on the news
@ la playa :D
Holly's Communion :)
working hard on a Saturday? :)
you never gave me my picture ha
So excited about the new Caro, especially because I keep getting random emails from friends who are also excited. Book club?
#ThingsIwantTheMost Someone to trust & love <3
#MemphisTigers nice win
Plz check your "new media" email account. Received 30+ txts since Sept 8. Texting "STOP" didn't stop them. Help!
Ditto! RT : Great seeing all my friends at
Thanks for RT and for a great PDI conference.
Just donated to your donor challenge campaign. Good luck!
what you up too?x
finna go to work N make dis cash - on my day off - just cause - LOL..... Ya Digg..
Columbus Crew and St. Vincent tixs on the way to win this afternoon! Hang out with me till 6p!
so now doesn't talk to me.
New songs! New songs! New songs! Can't wait for you to hear. Happy Friday!
The weather looks perfect down there <3
If the Olson twins aren't riding around on Great Danes to save on gas, they're anti-environment fools.
go see 21 JumpStreet, it will too!
My memory has been profoundly comedic lately.
I believe it is always raining when I #write this ms. Fitting, as the opening scenes are pouring rain. #amwriting finally.
Nany hi answer??
On behalf of Kenziee, Kai tweets :Kai watched the TV and it said strange MEGUs are being naughty.
Another hit damn I love what I do
My mom just called me to come over and eat breakfast with her. Lol wut?
Welp, Aoki just showed me up. Your turn, Rickie
Impressed with The Hub. Great idea! Can't wait for #ISconf!
Now Following Back :)
I'm pumped for the #NBA season, but not because I didn't make my fantasy football playoffs.
Pacers reported sellout attendance of 18,165 @ last night's playoff game v Magic. Solid crowd but there did appear to be a # of empty seats.
And if in some distant place in the future we see each other in our new lives, I will smile at you with joy.
Did you know Baci Ristorante was awarded the A Four Diamond Award 14 years in a row!?!
No better way to start off my day then watch the USF Baseball team.
Thanks, Sue!
hey you!
Oh, sidewalk brigade outside out apartment is to buy tickets for the great taste of the midwest at the Wine and Hop Shop round the corner.
Signed into the #MITx course for the first time this morning. Playing around with the system and materials. What do folks think so far?
no I can not say I was. Haven't taken x104
damn it- we're never getting the website paid for...lol! Lucky you...make sure you don't mess my vacation time up this year. Lol/jk
Mediterranean Sea!
If you guys had seen my 13 yr old son "help" me with dinner tonight, you either would have laughed or wanted to shoot yourself in the head.
Why you are still around Berklee GO HOME HOMIE!!!
They are great! RT : Event Badge pick up by was wicked easy.
you were in my dream last night
Ha ha - it'll take a while for the return email, but I personally guarantee you a place on the list, Alison!
Join the music revolution!
Not even andy is trying! Why the f didnt we call timeout b4 the fg?!?
Doing the sales thing at Broadway Video
Just created /members, /alumni, /companies. Let me know if you're missing from any list.
#ShoutOutToo her eyes are beyond AMAZING, and she's pretty. Everyone follow her!
Nowak press conference over. Wow.
Damn. I owe the internet $10.
Call this an unfair generalization if you must, but old people are no good at everything. - Moe (The Simpsons)
that's definitely the best one yet
Amazed at how classy is. That's leadership and love and it is a model for uplifting thru social media.
pussy. I got my tongue pierced alone.
thank god you put out that second tweet. thought you were gonna leave us hangin on what you were listening to!
Going on vacation to San Francisco tomorrow morning. Burritos, here I come!
I love you babe. Don't ever forget it. I'm serious. I know we have obstacles and problems we have to work through. But we get through th ...
Okay I know all the parts of the body.. Tell me why I have to take Anatomy?? :/
shut up
yes its a male!!
Kudos to all the single moms out there. I feel like I totally failed tonight. Rough night. But tomorrow is another day! Love my girl.
the boys, no. the boyz, yes.
#Kildares #facts All Pubs have one red face (Dublin) and one blue face (Galway)..Our new exterior will represent both of these faces.
Why can't i write songs like Air Supply? Dang.
Check out our different Courier Services we offer as well as our rates online at www.lonestardeliveryonline.com Or call us at 877-527-5737
OMG is in full swing! 45th and Nicholas, come on by!
Even bigger for Houston's chances coming out of the AFC this year. This just may not have been there year after all. Bring on Leinart.
I am in Vancouver *waving*
37.5 miles for the week. Just went over 410 miles YTD.
Our featured vendor this week is Brewpub. RT to welcome them to the festival!
Creating a list of To Dos to get my 1st 1000 users for jobclipboard.com, need users and feedback! Working on it now!
no idea i cant even look at the link because im on my phone
"Holy shit, I'm gonna die!" -every Smartcar driver, ever
got it, i was being a noob. lol
#funfact Peter Cullen,best known for voicing the infamous Optimus Prime, also voiced Eeyore on Winnie the Pooh,now that's diverse work
#JoyfulNoise will spend 2 weeks in the theaters and 200 years on basic cable.
I'm working day shift @ planet hollywood tmrw!
Not sure why I find joy in Fernando Torres' failures
#IHateThatFeeling when you realize you'll never be with that person
bro:shake it mama it`s out of control mom:excuse me bro: it`s a song i don`t wanna see you shake it me:lmao rofl <3 haahahh. ~Summer <3~
RT : You left too early. is playing !
the madden curse
I wish bro D: “: You performing in the NYC area anytime soon?”
Some people annoy me.
Fuck Fake Love & Half Ass Friends !
Where you going?
have u seen the age diff between u or me and justin tho
we're planning for this weekend to ring in the new year!
Lets Go Packers and win another but most.importantly Give God All the Glory and honor!
me to!
Poker proverb: "There are 3 ways to play pocket jacks, and they're all wrong."
OMG Carl Eisenberg is chuckling away next to me!
first time i heard "cars" we were at Penguin icecream -i spun vinyl "this is my house "tonite & i now i need a cream gary !
Nice to meet you too Linda. Have a lovely Weekend hun! : ) XOXOXO
Just blasted through Chest and Back along with Ab Ripper X. Gotta love P90X. Curious about it, just ask. BRING IT!!!
At least it wasn't an hour late!
I def think it is an excuse to leave early and enjoy this spectacular day!
have you ever been in the situation where you've lost your phone and keys?
Heading to Chicago for the weekend!!
Offended by our tweets? then don't read them! Unlike the real APD, we didn't pull a gun on anybody and force them to do anything.
U2: Where The Streets Have No Name. Love it!
I can't believe she lied to me about the guy I rlly like!!and ty skylar for beng a rlly rlly good frand when u told the truth about shane
are you coming to US this year...or Burning Man?
Delightful breakfast with talking books, libraries, publishing, and kids, all in comfort of cafe in our neighborhood.
Keep pricey airline scams on radar
You gotta do a show in Philly one day!!
Yay chores! Maybe they can help me stack my wood later.
Im a leader not a Follower..
So looks like one person likes to party???
- Migrant workers shunning the cities - given how they are treated in <U+6DF1><U+5733> and elsewhere I'd say they have good reasons.
Ok, Can't wait for your review ;D
Any chance saints stripped of wins and super bowl? Eavesdropping is serious
Y RU SO OBSESSED
feel like my dad is driving like an asshole on purpose to make me throw up
awesome! Let me know when/where you will be in next. I would like to meet you face to face some time.
Oh my goodness! Bach's pieces are divine, but always challenging. Are we going to get a listen? Pretty please :)
Hey Michael Russo is adorable on your panel!
RT Your momma's so fat she went on the Subway diet and is now exercising regularly to help manage her weight.
you're stalking me so you can break my legs
He did! I can attest to it cuz he was right behind me RT : Heard this. Tiger Woods just introduced himself to
come on now, lets not be
MOTIVATIONAL QUOTE OF THE DAY: "You might well remember that nothing can bring you success but yourself." ~ Napoleon Hill
I'm not in the mood to go to school , although .. When am I ever ?
: My attendance.
Happy first day Jes!
Yes sir! You tryna get Tatt'd Bro?
The new looks awesome. Amazing cocktails from the talented Wilder Bros + cool space.
Hey zendaya fans if you like us follow us we are also going to start a fanpage on Facebook so we will let you know on that ..
“If you love someone, be brave enough to tell them, otherwise, be brave enough to watch them be loved by someone else.”
no its a hat with a mexican mustach and says dirty sanchez on the back its a snapback
LOL! It's a $2,500 per bottle white wine...a gift. Grounded still in Africa hot weather even @ 3 A.M.
Requested a quote from Fred Loya. $1200 more per six months than we pay with State Farm! Yeah, we won't be making that change.
Glad ur back!
hey! are any workshops being planned soon? i would love to attend one.
Hey I like your icon:)<3 hannah
I know!
Rush concert number 12. Great seats (25th row, center aisle) considering I didn't get them until Wednesday. Spent way too much though.
Ok, just saw this. I'll bet you're tired!
no, twitter, i am not going to follow hugo schwyzer. but thanks!
its ok u could still send them in! (: xx
Interesting talk by Anna Pagano about the relationship between race, racism and health in Brazil
Right when I was getting into an exercise routine too... I guess I'll swim or do arm stuff tonight. Thanks.
um barely! I couldn't fall asleep till like 6! And I've been tossing and turning since 10! Whens your next exam?
RT : Rare moment alone in a cozy booth w/book. Naturally I'm interested in overhearing next booth's adventures in colon...
Yikes! RT : According to , latest stats put reading level at 5th grade.
RT “: If they matter to you, let them know.”
Happy humpback whale day!!
if you aren't loaded down with debt and family responsibilities, go for it!
But....I am told clearly that it has talent by the tv people....
simply grateful for this December Sunshine! having a great day?!
approves our music because we don't use foul language in our lyrics
So much stuff to do in such a small period of time
wanna do something activ!
I'm stronger than this emotions...But there taking over me
awww man!!! We always have next Wednesday!
So. Um. I just got cyber bullied. o.o Awkward.
It's forever seared into my brain. :)
Thank you Erin! (Check Facebook, I sent you a message that's too long for Twitter :P)
RT : #WRTarpon makes cover of North Port Magazine w/strong message RT...
Awesome - if we had seen it, we definitely would have shared! Want to post a review about your experience using it?
fine good and I tell?
Researchers identify components of speech recognition pathway in humans: via
going for a jog
just booked my ticket to ROFLcon! Wooooot! :)
Looking for a green cocktail? How about the Rat Pack, Tornado, Last Word, Green Eyes, Tin Lizzy, Yodeler, Allen Bradley Bomber....
If you don't curse on Twitter does that mean that you don't curse in real life?
We can't ignore the vitalness of self-control and self-discipline.
Absolutely! RT : Interesting. This can be good for millennials trying to gain footing for first jobs. Thoughts?
RT : Happy Birthday, Danno. The universe is a much more turrible place without you.
Right now it is 1pm here on the Big Island of Hawaii having cup of enriched hot chocolate now yum
Sun is shining. Blue sky's breaking through. It is going to be a beautiful day! Are you going to join us at the Urban Bear Fair to enjoy it?
Haha ok remind me in about six months! :)
Word from our printer is the May issue arrives tomorrow. We'll let you know where advance copies can be found. April's still got a wkd left!
Fast little dog escaped. Marathoner hubby caught her! Whew! So scared we'd lose her. Suddenly dinner wanted to make reappearance.
hi princess
#travel G, are u tweeting this from the plane?
#NP "Come out upon my seas, curse missed oppurtunities am I a part of the cure, or am I a part of the disease."
Just ate cookies oh crap I forgot we can't eat In here I'm dead! So long twitter friends! 5.3.2.1.I'm dead. :-p oh crap 5.4.3.2.1
I Know I'm Young But I Aont Even Tryna Fool Ya Wat I'm Sayin Is That Girl I Gotta Future
I know - we are into him! Life is good - great in fact! You?
I think is a great artist and all around great kid. Then I saw his twitter. He's also very humble. Amazing quality in a person
i miss dream team
#mommausetosay don't be sticking yo thing in everything that screams
Squarebiz is jam! RT one of my favorite among many #teenamarie songs is "yes in deed." what's yours?
Luv'd #wc09 theme b an architect of change-each 1 can b an agent of change n theirs & othrs lives
Kotel Kosher will be opening soon ! The only place in Chicago’s West Loop with strictly Kosher items.
There's 15 minutes left to ROC it! Who's still awake with money to donate?!
do it!
Miss my boo already. He's only been gone one day but still. Praying that he have a safe trip back to memphis tomorrow so that I can see him.
Du Bois in Intro to Philosophy today. Usually this means more absences than average. Does this happen in anyone else’s class?
does james franco look a bit grey?
oh wow. People these days. Does she have a twitter?
Breaking News... RT: : I am hosting SNL December 17th!!
thats sad. how are u?
Let me know if u have any q's. You should follow for all sorts of cool info.
I should say that oil price has been driven by investment money pouring into the commodity, not on supply and demand from consumers.
2) "Radical centrists" do not exist, only a centrist pundit fantasy projection of themselves 3) AE founder was unknown/untrusted millionaire
You can never go wrong with us Latinas
We now accept credit cards!! Get your orders in!!
Best in the league?! I don't think so... Win for MW lax!!
always up!
I'll agree with that!
works for me! Lol
Federal judge allows ex-City Councilman Ralph Inzunza to remain free on bail, pending appeal to U.S. Supreme Court.
there's probably something in the bldg code there that requires sprinklers, or providing foil hats as an alternate
No, you just had a 30 minute in depth conversation about the puppets that made up the Neighborhood of Make Believe on Mr. Roger's.
I tried to get them to launch me into space...
You know what it is - Black & Yellow....Black & Yellow...
its all about newt and newt only
Take a moment today to encourage someone, not for what they’ve done but for who they are. 100 Days to Life.
I am always craving sashimi!
I know I am a broken record on this, but being able to write songs on my lunch break on my phone midi keyboard is so friggin awesome!
describing decentering the book as the gold standard of academic scholarship
you're pressT
We're about to head to dinner here in #covington...any suggestions??
Is she ok? Eyes looked a bit runny. Anime-cat. LOL.
#AskMotionless Why do you guys make fun of devin sola??? I like him, he's quiet(:
so, we bake the potato, scoop out the inside, stuff it with cabbage and then wrap it in bacon tightly and boil
Via : You don't want your police mug shot with a giant green hat and shamrock-shaped glasses.
Need a good corner play here! Come on Yanks!!!!
do you listen to any Spanish music?
Can music define us?
So, how the #Lakers played last night was freaken ridiculous <U+E403>
Is it just me, or does it seem like there's an earthquake every other week these days?
smooth...contact our ad manager, michael g. at
Okay. Fuck that.
tomorrow, on Tues and on Wed. Packed schedule for #rawessentials by to support
you should show bishop some pictures.We need to get his jersey for the replica locker room. Maybe he would think its cool
Ghostarmour is literally a waste of money
RT : There is one thing that no amount of money can buy. Time. Respect it.
RT : I consider looseness with words no less of a defect than looseness of the bowels -John Calvin
lol ok do you wanna go to sawgrass sometime?
FOUND YOU. Intense makeup+yoga later this evening
Academy Award winner Christian Bale showed true class in sending the shout out to the standing Dickie Eklund in acceptance speech!
I'm sort of in love with , though I am quickly realizing that I don't have time to read all this stuff.
live DJs at regency ballroom for halloween! think about it!! matt has an extra ticket
LMFAO I know who my Agent is talking about and ah man, she's so right.
#nyy #yankees If everyone on the team is expected to bunt, no one will feel like it is a punishment... just smart baseball Joe BASEBALL 101
THIS TWEET CALLS OUT THE HEGEMONISTIC CONTRADICTIONS WITHIN TWITTER
ppl need to come up with new movie endings
Goodnight people all around the world. You mean so much to me!
a girlfriend that brings home freaks ah ha!!!!
I wonder how often people base life decisions on vivid dreams. I had a really good one last night...
what were they filming so they have the cafe still there
me & are terrible at daydrinking...
aww thank you so much <3
Love being the specialist to come do shizzle for teams that can't do it. Makes me almost feel as cool as Snoop Dogg.
Girls are mean to each other...that's not cute
Listening to the beautiful on 94.9!
I had never heard that song until you mentioned it. What a great song for a drum cover. Thanks!
Not going to be able to sleep tonight #ohwell #someonecomeover <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I gotta have that mentality for what I want outta life! Feel me?!
Waking up to a perfect hair day...
We are so lookin forward to planning your baby shower extravaganza! Folks will be talking about it FOREVER! This is Rae...
Look at him RT In a laker fan. I'm a cowboy fan. Im a yankee fan. Why do ppl hate us so? Haters let me know why
I did months of research before potty training my son. With my daughter I feel like I'm just winging it.
. encourages us and the vendors to continue the open conversation after today's panel.
My pleasure! It's a great idea and I hope I get to do more than just RT & FB it someday. Oh $$$, how I miss you. Cheers!
your 2 Blogs are some of the very best family history I have ever read! Thanks so much will be reading more.
My e-mail is . Plz contact me if u'd like to chat. Thx & good luck to u & ur work!
i'm not such a Twitter addict... Of all the people I follow... the average number of tweets in a day seems to be about 7 or so.. :P
are you and ron still going out?:)
thanks for this!
We know u love coffee ! Locations: Starbucks A&C and carts in B Lobby, C200 Level and Outtakes A&B
I wish Disney's Pixar would do a remake of The Brave Little Toaster. They have been in need of a good action flic.
Damn. I wouldn't have been able to afford it anyway hehe
Thank you for "An Up close & Personal Look @ Lives of Firefighters".My cousin is Captain LACounty.Support our Firefighters
Alright Miami u get one more night from me then it's back to NYC. Let's see what u can do!
im still alive arent I
Anyone heading to 's #brewbash at the Pritzlaff Building tonight?
Aww yeah. Love it. btw liked the Aussie hat pic better than the work mug. Just sayin'....
do i get a vote?!
Temperance and clean habits are expected of all ball players. Late hours, over-eating, drinking, gambling ... are strictly forbidden. [1945]
I was hoping to do some live-tweeting of my current testing excavation project, but cell service not good enough.
HAHAHHA. yeah he's so freaking sweet!!
Oh so fab!!
yeah, its quite alarming
thanks so much Es! wish you were here this weekend to celebrate with me. Saw your spring break pics- looked so fun :)
At NetImpact '09. Jeff Immelt of GE - 'The value I add today is highlighting GE's focus on merger of capitalism and sustainability.'
i like ur new picture better ;) haha
Packing another fashion change over
Prediction: Advertisers will pull out of Limbaugh for the PR, then come right back when this dies down. Ad Audience > Ethics in this case?
Thanks for coming! MT : Gleaning valuable advice at the #USC Writers Conference. Thanks to & !
Another thing I'll say: Baron Davis should've known better, but, I'll say the kid in me almost saw him dunk it in a #Hornets jersey.
Mendocino comes to San Francisco, June 13 at Ft. Mason wine, food, artists, inn & B&Bs, micro-breweries, go to tasteofmendo.com great event
Thanks for following, Larry!
Indian guy just asked me where the Indian embassy was. I had no idea. He looked disappointed. Damn, I let down the motherland.
I can't control it!!!
So full after a delicious dinner of chicken & roasted vegetables made by ! Now, time for the Walking Dead season finale.
We are having network issues at the school. If you are trying to register for the Special Ed Event, please try again this afternoon.
haha. An ocean away, we're in afternoon meeting getting ready for #nightbeat ...we miss you!
Enormous growth in blog use at PSU. Most of the blogs are public. says
Thanks Mayor for stopping by last night! Did you enjoy the show?
SO IM WATCHN #THEVOICE RIGHT & SUPER HELLA SMALL WORLD! JUST SEEN HER AT SUMMERFEST THIS SUMMER
told you! You should have saw it with us when it was hyped up haha
Our airport shuttle driver's name is Adolph.
well other then the cold how did you like Columbus ? Dublin is technically Columbus
This is the saddest movie ever.
Being in the shower feels so good with this weather!
sounds good!
Im bout if i find a beat ": just take all the anger out on a beat lol cant go wrong there"
Alex, I just wanted to say that I love you <3 Lol, So Please make my day & follow me . <3
DIS FOLKS STRIPPING N DA MIDDLE OF DA STREET..
thank you for following! I see you are from the area, let us know if you would like to stop by and see our meeting rooms.
#orioles might as well get Gregg warmed up - game is lost anyway so who cares how many runs he gives up?
I WANT MY #UNDERRATEDEP NOW KJSDASLKJD. I CAN'T WAIT, SERIOUSLY.
Thanks, I'll check that out.
night rider symphonies...
God puts the strongest through the toughest because He knows that they'll make it.
Looking forward to another amazing weekend with my love
Alright you two, get off my back, we'll go!! :) RT : yes, you can't deny a girl her #frickles ;)
Live life with no regrets, setbacks, or excuses. In this life, you have to claim your spot & take what you want. No handouts RT
enjoying a beautiful day off with my kids. I got all but one of my reports done!
listening to Itty bitty George amazing!! my lil bro loves it!!
for the last 10min I'v been destroying you! You quit yet?
Hey, it's National Coffee Break Day. Grab a cup of joe and take a few minutes for yourself. You've earned it!
Feeling sick today, no news :(
I approve this website
be nice, darling ;)
I get the point of the DH but it really takes a lot away from the game
I want some</3
Please follow me!:) We are waiting for you and Austin will come to Chicago!:).,
Somebody take this candy out of my home before i get diabetes!
- Thanks for the follow! Pizza actually sounds really good at the moment.
Was gon drop sum yesterday, but my computer messing up :/
for sure.. you need some more producers? Got my boy Snipe down there...
If u believe Artest didn't see Harden, then you are of sound body & mind telling me that he has the worst peripheral vision of anyone alive.
i see what he means by his hair getting long, it's just growing on that one side and not letting the other side grow out!
Twilight Zone marathon on Kick ass!!!!!
wait. was 's surprise that he was going to do a Ustream, or is he doing the Ustream to tell us the surprise??
Stay tuned friends, within a few weeks we'll be having a screening and party! In Feb, we shall defeat the demons of hell and you're invited!
hahaha who don't? But why you say it :)
Where are all our #Likeable followers from? Can we hit all 50 states? -CS
Is there a day that's best for you? Monday?
Why is Batman Return on CMT?
omg christina got her permit. jersey shore time <3
Honestly might be going insane
I've never been so uncomfortable in my life.
Good! Glad you had fun!
morning still sleepy but skool well kinda miss my frandz from skool and goin to my hometown this week so might not be on-Tamya:P ily
good entertainment
Happy Charter Day to Delta Sigma Theta Sorority Inc. <U+0394><U+0392> Chapter! chartered March 15,1949 at Eastern Michigan University
look @ them breast
PLEASE NASH follow me? ILY!!! I was so shocked when you gave me a gutair pic.. #Chicago<3
At #NYWIFT breakfast seminar with and
you spammed me man!
I don't think it was a knee bc he landed on both feet fine... But yea if it's one of those two rather it be a groin
ha oh don't watch Black people TV ;)
you scared me when I started reading that lol never start off a sentence like that again.
Doing nothing is very hard to do...you never know when you're finished. ~ Leslie Nielson
Varitek: "I've been extremely blessed and extremely honored to have been able to wear this uniform."
"Broncos vs Giants" - FTFY.
To love is to live. To live is to love
I agree. Best pisode yet
thank you!!
Under this studio rock for the remainder of the week with these interesting humans>>
i HATE the air conditioners in sawyer....
We really need an elephant man emoticon
this Saturday back in NC performing at the Whiskey Mill Bar and Grill in Bessemer City, NC! Gotta love performing in my hometown!
for real tho? don't call me "bae" if ur calling some hoe the same thing. PLEASE. know that.
I've noticed that too, you would hope they would think of the kids comfort before themselves?!
Selena doesnt care about the money.She cares about us and her family.If she doesnt care about her family then why does she spend her time?
you're welcome ;))
"Leaks it into the deep rough." Sorry. I'm happy in my ignorance.
fitting that spring break is over just as the sunny, 70-degree days end
I one day want to be like
Sorry! We are here. Start of the academic year = less time for tweeting. But we should be back in the proverbial saddle soon!
Go ahead & bring that Hoocka..Hoocka back!!!! Only in the BOOT!!!! You know!!!!!!!
I got the shirt at Goodwill but it was originally Liberty of London for Target.
Music is the drum that beats like my heart ,with out that im dead!!!
ah shit they're closin the bar 1 tonight he just told me... But u should check it out if u havent been
nope. They get their cut. Why should they care when all that $$ adds to the bottom line each month?
Driving to , listening to This Developers Life and drinking good coffee.
This man is crazy thinking were gonna do notes on fcat days -.-
it was OJs fault
Comedy Madness 10pm showtime Upstairs in the Belly Room. Me you and a microphone. Make it happen.
more new songs / Ustream next Tuesday.
I checked out the website, that shii is seriously cray!
sadness! Tomorrow I'm back at WordCamp at University of Miami.
Putting plants throughout your property, will give the impression that your home it is not as close to the road as it actually is
RT Act your way into feelings. Don't feel your way into actions.
#whenIwas13 i got my first piece of coochie lol
You think you got my son but I'm the only 1, numbero uno biatch lol
yes sir
Just signed with Lewis and Beal for commercial representation!
Mom said I was too much of a pretty boy to get my ears pierced. Said I would look gay. -.-.....
Sounds good to me.
I wonder if Rudy is happy now.
why do you have to pack?
YEAH!!!! “: I'm not saying the C's killed the Hawks today... but they're putting crime tape up around the Hawks locker room”
Thinking about Mother's Day gifts? Order Early! Earn Double Rewards! All orders placed by 5/10. Enter coupon code: 051012 during checkout.
<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB> to the people that can hold their own.
RT is going to a GIS Happy Hour! Feel free to join us the Brass Monkey. 55 Little West 12th Str, Manhattan. Come on down.
Just made devils eggs. They look like they were dragged through hell for sure.
And that's all folks. Italian Steak has sold out for the 3rd week in a row!
RT : Congratulations to Dreadnought Wine celebrating its 19th Anniversary this Sunday, October 23 with an anniversary......
Mess with the best...
The fam is taking me to see the avengers for mothers day... I am going to see captain America. He is a dish!
#ghettocrayolacolors im so dark the white in my eyes look Yellow
How much did spend for Google ad space on preroll ads? She's been on almost ever video for a WEEK.
Oh my gosh, that is exactly what mine and evans look like. Hahaha
I woke up one morning and I had a new follower and it was I never would have experienced her talent otherwise. TY
Happy Mother's Day to all of you mothers out there - don't think I'll be allowed on Twitter too much tomorrow
Encore staff is eager to meet our parents of the Charlotte's Web cast and crew! See you tonight!
What is going on ? page isn't loading. Does anything work today?
go to slp then ho . stop tryna wait for corey to get off work. lol.
I have only run in rain a few times, but really like it. As long as my shoes aren't too wet. My drenched 10K was a little tough...
Thank you baby Jesus won!!!! I hate over times more than anything.
Added my work e-mail to my iPhone, so I can stay up on the latest NFL news when I'm off.
the word "dismayed" was an interesting choice there...
Coming up on the today, at 3:30 and at 4:30.
its okay i 'll have to go offline now sry:D
If you're looking for the San Diego County Water Authority on Twitter, follow and
glad to hear you like Hive :D it's an awesome game! We're currently working on making the licensed Xbox version of it.
you have to be Canadian to understand why bettman is booed.
Watching & on Google+ prior to #sbchat on #Twitter. Chris make sure you ask Jessica about tweeting in game.
Men are wise in proportion, not to their experience, but to their capacity for experience. -George Bernard Shaw
Thank you to for asking me to shoot this golf outing w/ him! Great way to spend a Wednesday!
I know. Looked for you. :(
doesn't answer my tweets
-->MT : I love how many conservatives take umbrage at the possibility that #Obama might actually campaign during the campaign
I usually wouldn't but he makes a good point
Its too HOT outside! Thank god for AC units!!!
Doris Day turns 90. My fave quote on her film career and screen roles -- Oscar Levant saying: "I knew Doris Day before she was a virgin."
Good morning back at you
After two long months I finally see the citibank commercial I shot.
830 am and already have done most things on my to do list. Sweet!!
We're havin' a Small Biz Saturday sale! Use code SMALLBIZLOVE for 20% off today and tomorrow - and thanks for shopping small! etsy.me/cYL24s
Thanks so much!
Coming up at 7:10 on Michelle Obama is coming to the Twin Cities this afternoon. And temps looking pretty good for the weekend!
SAFE TRAVELS to all of our friends near and far... we'll be back on Monday! Happy Thanksgiving to everyone.
#latin for the day - Contra felicem vix deus vires habet. - "Against a lucky man, a god scarcely has power(s)."
looking forward to seeing and perform #Payphone on #TheVoice tonight!
hey you got any teeth polish?
are you still talking to that boy?
me too! Last one :)
See? Jrks. RT Sbux closed, trashd nice furnitur instead of donating "Doing good isn't our philosophy. It's our brand strategy."
On Wednesday, we hit a first play MLB betting map winner.
is there a deduction if you do? If so I may join ya. Im still procrastinating
Sorry, tweet-peeps, and the odd FB user still checking' in, for the rash of autotweets there. No new post till Monday. :(
um, what's that again?
Q: What did the light bulb say to the switch?A: You turn me on.
me too
Yes I am still up working and networking.
LOVE your background image. used to have that exact design in a giant decal on my living room wall. crazy.
Good luck to #Butler and #Uconn. Make your free throws! If #Kentucky had made a few more... would have been Cats vs Dogs. #MM2011 Finals
Good luck, Rob hope you win the show
Yes! Russian River Brewing is highly coveted in AZ. I'll see if I can find Pliny here :-)
I love playing with slinkys!
yeah I see it ALL the time... smh
Lakers must be losing. Ahp well. I'm ready for football already
Thanks for having a look .. have a great day
yeah apparently I tweeted too much I don't know how though I've tweeted more before lol
just woke up 0.o
Social media has become the new Amway. Long lost friends contact you to promote themselves.
Interesting videos.
exercise your Civil Rights for savings.
Thank you Echo Park for having me tonight!
pleased follow mee! (:
is your champion still in play?
In Larry Moss acting class watching action actor Carl Van Meter work on a scene...great job #actionactoracademy www.carlvanmeter.com
ask nicole ^.^
building an empire, stay tuned!
Slightly ornery most days?... hmm, let's get you some lunch at my place!
New phone..if I don't answer text me..I don't pick up unknown numbers
Fuck a relationship, its my turn to party
how tf this bitch going tell me how i feel.
RT : Awesome work on Finding Portland #tedxpdx. Inspiring.
I want a dog that doesn't hate me haha
miss ya babe! Get wild for me this weekend!
Subtweet is your best skill kid
do you mean for individuals or for the #healthcare system? FSA's can result in real tax savings to individuals.
all the way out in San Francisco! :)
correction, there is a facebook account for one out of every 9 people. Lots of spam & businesses as accts
Thunder up <U+E42A>
whoohoo! Great plug for Joe. :)
What it do OG! Whats good on your end man?
Thanks for the good times
Amazing photog! a great find!
Listening to NPR in the morning makes me feel smarter
wooohooo! Love that place have not been there in a long! Fun times fun times!
...and the whole dang audience. lmao. :p
perhaps you are suffering from archives withdrawal?
lol are you sure? because if you aren't then im not going to that class haha
I am the Lorax I speak for the ducks. #replaceawordinafamousquotewithduck (I'm in a Seuss mood I guess)
BIG BOOTY BITCHES TALK ALOT OF SMACK BEND DAT ASS OVER LET ME HIT IT FROM THE BAC... LET ME BANG
look at u go lmao
Going to see Jeff Dunham, MC Hammer, and Boys 2 Men in August (:
Start with the end in mind so you have a mental picture in mind of why you started.... Your reason to end!!!
Do they go through your luggage on a national flight?
Remember that tonight is Bridging to Belzer for our sixth grade families. 6:00-8:30 p.m. at Belzer Middle School.
Running my first show tech on a Nexus. Whoa, is this different! TAC said it can be up to 500M! 10 Minutes so far...
Yay!! The #Sony show Mob Docs/The Mob Doctor got picked up to series!! I LOVED that pilot :)
twitter app is practically done!
And they're off! The 7-mile walk for has begun.
My global thanks for all that follow me... I appreciate the follow. God Bless!!!
omg no I'm not, til June 1st. Al, you would DIE with the gossip I could throw at you, for hourrssss
I wish you luck. Speaking of packet I should probably do that along with physics from like 3 nights that I've procrastinated.
there some places. please check the website www.manicpanic.com
Currently at The Concert Artists of Baltimore Concert at Peabody! A night of Mozart!
happy new year to you too!!
It was good seeing today!!!!
nah. keep it free. people just need context.
I so, so appreciate the people of WeHo for keepin' that kettlebell class real :P
It's a kind of morning.
omg. Keep us posted on France. Taking my first trip there in September. Blue Walk Tour--on French Riviera. Can hardly wait.
Headed to nashville!!
I need this albums to drop I'm going crazy out here!
Thanks buddy. busy week here, hope to return more frequently in next few days.
huh un its smokey as hell in here!!
Josh Hutcherson is amazing!
i'm seeing it bc of 's mic check, if that counts. but i did see your earlier one about the sweetlife festival!
Guess I gotta get on it, then. "The name Henley screams face tattoos"
Acknowledge the source of all things.
haha yeah we finally did one with Jake! Long time coming since the sound bites at Spin. I'm 28!!
Damn forgot how much i love fleet foxes
RT Daymond John on Engaging Young Entrepreneurs and Building a Better Business: The 'Shark Tank' investor shares hi... h...
I think that I like children's authors best of all.
Yeah, no youth group for jaclyn.
Our beautiful spaceship is going to a museum - and we're bumming rides from the Russians. Where did our vision go?
NO!!! DON'T GO INTO DIVISION, IT'S TOO DANGEROUS! *Send somebody less good looking!
RT : No more witnesses on #COAsset and no amendments have been offered.
Everyone has photographic memory; some just dont have the film.
" the worst pain is when your smiling just to hide the tears."
Anyone looking for a job?
Thanksgiving is nearly here. We’re thankful to all our followers, fans, friends, volunteers and supporters. What are you thankful for?
too bad!
Great Day today..Just found out i'm working on mother's day):
Woohoo I think the Rox win, but waiting for final online confirmation. #rockies v
Signing off from #aam2011! Tweeting rate will drop dramatically. Will work hard to stay active and relevant in the twitterverse post-conf!
Lmao xD I guess God gave him all the good looks and the leftovers for others
Sex is only important if you're not getting any!
i think your phone's going
you heard right! Be out there man... Keep u posted on details.
is a #dirtyho for what she did. Your broskis have your back!
I need a lot of followers...follow me and I will follow back
I get more ass than a toilet seat
Hey Spartan! WHAT IS OUR PROFESSION? Glad to Tweet You.
EVERY JEW KNOWS that Ibrahim is the father of both Jews and Muslims. Jews & Muslims are BROTHERS! The terrorist must be denounced!
Call I just recv'd: -Chris Valenzuela? -No, wrong number. -Oh! Well if you DO know CV, tell him he doesn't have a job anymore.
Hey! I have been good! thanks for asking :) How are you?
please follow she is you biggest fan!90
Great! Look forward to having you here! Are you a #ComicCon veteran?
Name me a more complete performer on TV than Cause he's killing the game right now.
Why is Beth so scared right now?
RT : Listening to #Anxiety in Children on "The Inclusive Class" BlogTalkRadio! Great tips for the class & home via...
but not as far away as we are from smart ass ones, which is obviously the real goal here.
Gov. Gregoire has signed Washington's marriage #equlality bill into law. Another victory for #lgbt #gay rights.
The joker is my hero/idol
I can't stand when people 'thank God for where they are.' YOU are where you are, because of YOU.
She wants to be your girl, not one of your "girls".
Thanks Shannon!
The Gotek10 Gps Bracelet with SOS and GSM Blog: GOTEK8:GOTEK7: TRACKING ANYONE ANYWHERE ANYTIME AROUND THE WORLD
Let the day begin #Fridaythe13th <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080>
omg can't wait r u guys gonna put it on youtube?
Seems like no one wants you when you’re single, but all of sudden people show their feelings for you when you’re not.”<--Dont You Hate This!
LOL, I do what I can!
i dont wanna wake up at 4 though:(
imma hit you up later
Your my friend, but I won't share my chicken nuggets!
Tfffff why do I always have a D in art....
my daughter would be upset if she didn't get a sticker. Luckily she got one & a few people at work are wearing them
I know! one of our favorites!
Good Looking Out Pana!!!
i'll tweet ya cuz i don't want u to die
On secret location in Guthrie "shooting" a new video with ! (via )
If you really want to get peoples attention about #sopa and #pipa, shut down Twitter for a few hours. It'll be heard loud and clear
Happy Birthday !
Follow new page...ya gonna love it!! Let's go
just got in my new 11's
Germany -.- But i live in Georgia until 2 years :D I just LOVE America. *.*
So this professor want no more than 6 pgs for this paper....um how am I gne do tht n I'm already 3 pgs in with 3 more sections to go
check this performance out at GARFIELD PARK JUNETEEN CONCERT
go blog on blog tv and ill make ur cyber babies
barely. Shes the highest paid extra on the show lol
Easy riding
we'll have to remedy. That'
Just munched a '' road goodie worth 5 points!
got a haircut ready to chill for awhile.
YEAH, come on can me the guest of , , or a pretty solid bunch!
hey lets talk I have a book coming
how can I help?
Today in 1957, Paul and John wrote songs together for the first time, after a small concert at Clubmoor Hall, Liverpool RT
Although the site reminds me of early AltaVista days, I was able to search twitter bios at #Twellow to find a rare skillset in my own city.
I was so in the mood for Pirates and it's on ABC Family! They read my mind.
He read that at Vermin SD--great story RT Don't miss on reading tale of duck on rock love this Sunday
Take your cues from Martin's parents. They have not(at least to my knowledge), asked for a re-examination of such laws or gun control.
I would have been like... HELL YEAH BITCHES HES MINE! then took it to the nearest bathroom asap
I'm not really sure how well the costume store wigs and makeup work to mask the scorned women on 20/20.
It's a big protest that's going to happen in Chicago. Supposed to be kind of ugly.
RT ! :') ": This weather has me in a good mood ha"
Alan Kay: "I don't want computers to replace textbooks. . . textbooks suck!"
lmao I'm like dying
You guys are awesome. That is all.
YOU rock! Thank u!!
I just have a "do unto others online" policy. I'm always surprised when someone I admire does have a pop up.
My best friend >>>>
I'm putting a GIGART sticker on my guitar...
I'M LIVING THE SINGLE SINGLE SINGLE SINGLE LIFE... SINGLE LADIES CLAP YOUR HANDS... CLAP... CLAP... CLAP... CLAP... ;-0
that moment your so pissed you break everything that surrounds you ._.
R.I.P. Grandpa T.. Definitely going to miss your warm hugs at work.
So now I am giving you a new commandment: Love each other. Just as I have loved you, you should love each other. -John 13:34
Nothing is ever promised tomorrow, today. Love your life twitterers
Amazing. Ready for more radio theater!
Funnel cakes anyone?
Get a toasted ham & Beecher’s flagship cheese sandwich w/ Walla Walla onion chutney and hand-cut frites or field greens for $9.
still taking shots. Man what a joke. Makes Shero's name look so bad. He's as bad as right now.
hrm... i did it wrong. #draculamovie maybe? I d'know, i'm going to bed :D
Another rad day of makin it work with !! The big show is tomorrow!!
I want to know The Rest of the Story, one more time.
I should be writing but I can't stop reading The Snowman by Jo Nesbo.
Laying in bed watching Maury! Lol. Hope you're relaxing at work sis. I'm enjoying your bed!! Ha ha
No one says YEAH like says YEAH
Eating skittles in art :P
yeah, agreed. it makes no sense on a strategy level.
Weekly reader Q&A! Tweet us any questions you have about the Chicago #Bears. We’ll answer them in tomorrow's column.
Can this next week please go by quickly!
R. Grusin seeing important distinctions between nonhuman and post human. (Also wonders, why always a turn? Why not a gull?)
Oxy Mo: Single Twin
what is it called when you drink a gallon of milk and cant feel your legs?
check out my youtube channel@ youtube.com/user/3arwalk3r
fo sho boo boo I'm sleepy!!!
Everyone please pray for moms surgery to go okay tomorrow morning! <3
omg you just turned 16?
Omg, I love you so much. RT ": The one redeeming thing about this long week? Stefan admitting he loves Elena. Yep!"
Congrats on the NYT mention!
#describeyoursexlifewithamovietitle Mission Impossible.
just started listening to #mohrstories best podcast ever! Holy shit this is good!
so when you walk to breakfast, meet me where Ally and Jose pray or whatever.
Just got pandora on the tv(: pandora and chores.!!!
When I do something in my family because I really enjoy it, then my duty has become my pleasure.
Thanks for the follow.
Zac Efron Voted Hottest Shirtless Hunk of the Summer - Gather Celebs News Channel
You are welcome
just sent you the info... Go Mavs!
Couldn't agree more.
come visit me. Wah.
Studio is lightweight jumpin this weekend
Fellmeth: For every Danielle, there are others we will never hear from.
I wish I was doing something tonight..
We are still looking for some HUGE Roshon Fans in Oregon, Washington and Idaho! Also anyone willing to fly/drive to portland for a show!
Thanks Page!
twitter makes me feel like a creeper because i "follow" people... #creeperforlife :P
that sounds perfect!
I'm already craving another goat cheese & beet mountain pie! TQ Welcome to Adams Morgan!
My pitch at Nickelodeon was a bust. They say have something similar to "Murder Time With Dr. Gerard Killington" already in the works.
Probably working on a new site and a new identity as we speak.
great fun! How was the wx?
The Lifers are the best kind of people on Twitter right now . They support the So So Def artists & Live Life . Proud Of All . Always
Happy birthday ! Love you cuz
cool thanks. you know every one. I know no one lol.
Serious question: Why is the American National Biography database so much worse than the Dictionary of National Biography?
MOTHER'S DAY IS A RELIEF FOR EVERY NIGGA THAT DID NOT GET THAT GIRL PREGNANT
Thanks Nuts I'm really bummed we didnt get complete info in the 1st place. Going to change my FOILS to hopefully fix
"Hey I want two NNS tickets #teamJL"
Please please win! Meow! Meow! Meow!
Love the calm outside after the storm. Lattes and cinnamon rolls it is.
#goodnight ... Nuff said.
Love your reminders. Thank you. RT : Remember, today is the 1st submission deadline for So submit your film to save yo $!
Omfg my brothers so damn annoying
to bad for those that wait and no go after what they want or at least to try! Life is about trying and never giving up.
If you're not watching "The Simpsons" these days, you're missing out in this wonderful renaissance they're going through this season.
Morrison wants to hear speakers, seconds ppd
RT : Happy Heart Month! A healthy heart pumps 2,000 gallons of blood through 60,000 miles of blood vessels each day.
and subtweeting starts... NOW
Whoo hoo! RT : Bigstar truck hits the street at the Chicago ideas event at MCA. six thirty. Pushin policy. Free
Have any of you been to www.faroeislands.com? Seems a very cold place but beautiful.
hey, that's what I call choco! You can © that from me. Haha
Hope you had a successful #BlackFriday, JABBERS!
sorry to miss it. Have an extra bacon slice for me
True. It just seems no one has the time or desire to read anymore. :(
Thai Deli in Boyle Heights is super yummy!
Loved the "Wizard of Oz Panel" clip on #Oscars tonight! Funny stuff!
Getting excited for birthday extravaganza!Rivertowne verona Friday! All are welcome!
Really? I like it. Not a lot of tannins, some slight hint of fruit I think. I'll see what happens tomorrow, should be ok.
"Camila, do you know why she's always SO funny? Bc she chooses to always be the dumbest one.. In all her movies and series..think about it"
hooray school is almost over!!! So much going on during the summer <3
So nice out
Everyday is a great opportunity to make a difference!
what u bout 2 cook girl haha!!
I deserve the new NVIDIA Ion desktop pc because I am a dad who had to give up spending money on gaming for my daughter =( and I love
Man is a knot into which relationships are tied
We're showing up at someones door with a check for 25k! Whose is it? Tune in tmrw @ 7am
She's knows the city is struggling and she's investing time, and intellectual/fiscal capital for crap like this.
Off 2 #MediaSummit! Excited 2c First Lady. In talking kids/sports, hope mentions hubby's school being SI's top sports HS (twice!)
now, I am going to get back out there to find an agent
Your odds of getting in to Best of Ludobites? About 1%. Odds have doubled now that Ludo and Krissy have added a second night.
Why wish when you have god 24/7?(;
yeah I guess.. But I think they're shooting for having Morneau healthy for a long period of time instead of an all star player.
That is actually a really good idea! They should do that.
Plain liver and other organ meats would probably be best.
Hi, I cater many (over 100) parties a year! I would be happy to coach you or cater it for you!
Trying to get the trailer filmed in two weeks
Life is God’s novel. Let him write it
he sent it to me in a text so I could listen, so special....
Everyday! He is so amazing!!!!
AS A YOUTH IN THIS WORLD WE SOMETIMES GET LOVE CONFUSED WITH LUST
thanks so much!
made it home to tennessee from california in time to join the family in the basement for the tornado warning!
i miss spring !
Happy birthday, CW :)
I can't help but like Rep. Paul Ryan. He's soo wonkish
lol. The first time I saw it at the end I was like WHAT THE FUCK!
That moment when you can actually feel the pain in your chest from seeing or hearing something that breaks your heart.
No, I mean you're still my Twubby. Damn, jumping to conclusions nshit.
do i have 5 or 8%. let me know before tomorrow plz. gunna assume 5% unless u say otherwise
Just a fellow-fashionista!
Our first call is not to place but to person. Diane Langeberg
Yes! RT nice to see tweets about #mgt340caw , brings back memories from #vitotheguido. didn't win but had most swag :p
I want to know Hazza's real Instagram.
philippines.if he will have a concert there?
Today has been great!! ::in my tony the tiger voice:: !!
oh and you should definitely :)
I think you have to decide first if you are process centric or more data entry centric
Man Season 2 & 3 Was Best Season AnyWay !
Joe im getting on a hoe ass 1time
that is my new ringtone
Playing with logos :)
If u from the hood... show love 2 the hood n share or retweet this 4 us 1 time --->
Mommy, You My Nigga. :D <3
2011- what are you smoking? 1836- hath demons contaminated thy mind?
There's always free Wi-Fi in
I can't wait for The Big Bang Theory tonight!!!! :)
Damn sexy
yeah i know! i feel just like u! ha not gonna lie boo, u got u.that was a good one lol hahaha
OMG jus say Someday Commerical fdxhfj -DEAD- they were playing MISTLETOE :D I LOVE This Commerical it's my Fav Now:D
then i feed u
It's a gorgeous day to come get your yoga on. Take a class, sit by the fire, and enjoy tea & cookies.
I love you with all my heart <3 I miss you like crazy :( I wish we would talk like we did before...
#ConfessionNight tips.. If she considers you like a brother, don't event try. Seal lyrics are 9/10 as cool as they sound, and never give up.
Feelin good... Only 4 more hours...
Mondays deserve a good slap in the face.
Have we become so lazy as a country that we leave Xmas lights up til now, add a few bunnies and then call them #Easter lights? #Really ppl?!
RT : Possibly going to see two baseball games within two weeks of each other
Congrats! That is always a huge relief (especially if you get a refund)!
haven't been on twitter since you sent me the first notice but I just changed my password.so it should stop.
Enjoyed seeing everyone yesterday at Denver's Earth Day Expo! Stop by Saturday and see us at Lakewood's celebration!
You were spot on with feedback on #telljimmy on Colton's Lady Gaga Song
Dads across america eatin the orange popsicles so they kids can have cherry and grape
Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world.
missed connection monday via craigslist/roc always makes me feel better
damn straight up
Thought of the Day - It is never too late to have a happy childhood :)
Batteries for electric cars are expensive. If they weren't, we would have more electric cars. One car uses 7k batteries.
Blake Griffin tonight: plus-18. Chris Paul tonight: minus-9. Make of it what you will.
Done :D
Since I was off yesterday, I'm all screwed up. What day is it again?
agreed. Worst yet
Pickup Line: You with those curves, and me with no brakes ...
Be Real With Yourself Stop TryingTo Be Like Everyone Else BE YOU And LOVE IT Everyones Unique In Their Own Way
thanks, you too!!
Who you got, tweeps? Chelsea or Barcelona in today's #UCLonFOX (actually FX)? Barca my pick but seems ripe for a Chelsea upset.
Haha it must be April fools or Halloween. Or maybe I designed it in Word...
We're pleased to announce our next event on 4/12 with AD Larry Williams. Check your email for more details!
Thanks! Love ya right back!
I want for christmas is a)
Walking the red carpet at the opening of The Hard Rock in Hollywood on the 21st. Feels greating back to work!
Celebrate Monday with some cheese! Chef John's speciality flight features a Pierre Robert from Loire Valley - Simply rich and delicious.
well if you get bored and need a party let me know haha but if not I'll party for the both of us lol
SECCA Community Day - rain or shine. Family fun art education projects. Break dancing demos. FREE. Noon to 5pm. www.secca.org
at least I have chicken
. Yes, we did record 's presentation at #gravityfree - will let you know when we post it online!
awee your cute ;)
im happy at the fact that im 17 now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
give users the option of trading in unlimited data for the choice of upgrading EVERY year instead of every other year. Cont...
If we did a genetic analysis of the Royal family tree, we'd all be amazed that stuttering was the "big problem"
So go to your twitter? And reply? Actually showed up in
“: What is your favorite moment from this season of #SwampPeople so far?”When jumped the levee. His face = priceless
I might just quit on this spanish homework, its so pointless
I hate that ringing you get in your ear after almost every event you go to.
Did we pick tonight CMA winners or what!!!!! Congrats everyone..c ya @ the after parties!!!
Running a deal on photo shoots up until I leave for tour. Hit me up and I'll hook you up. www.chaseclymer.com
got some fabric from "socially stealth" and i'm ready to make some sexiness!
it does!
I'm looking forward to no snow and lots of sunshine...and hopefully a job but I guess I can't be too picky.
I'm so bored <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Hammering out the business plan today...
You know that couple that sit at the bar and try to swallow each others face? They are sitting next to me. Oh the joy.
I'm about to watch some mad men and work on some new merch designs. Haven't tried em.. I'm not trying to be a fatty, haha!
what is going on with kezia's blog i def stalk in at least once a day this is not acceptable
I need some afternoon snacks...
Why not just USE Google?
“One of the deep secrets of life is that all that is really worth doing is what we do for others.” Lewis Carroll
auto industry poll question for 10tv-- would you buy a vehicle from an automaker who filed for bankruptcy?? let us know!
If im dating you i hate always having more money than you. It just wont work.
Here comes the year of the Dragon...it sounds fun and whimsical.
Look out for our other sites in the state of Florida: Black Central Florida, Black North Florida, Black Daytona Beach
Proof that Think Geek understands their audience: they have a picture of their server on their About Us page.
Artists use to create scalable projects—easily duplicating pices by the thousands.
Everyone's a super-hero, everyone's a Captain Kirk...
right here, silly! :3
Fred Movie . <U+2665> Aren't I cool ?
Had a good weekend <3 Going out is just not me anymore. I'm all tryin to settle down hahah
Spending time with great friends.
A week and a half until summer! So close!
Banana Bread with a bit of cinnamon baking in the oven, smells so yummy
It's great to see all the schools around the country getting ready for spring practice. We'll get going at the end of the month. Can't wait!
anxiously awaiting the President's full budget so we can see what it means for
Building another Room Addition in Indianapolis. Gable roof, cathedral ceilings, It's going to be Awesome!
Okay I did.
oh nice - where'd you go?
Starting fourth vol of Caro's LBJ biography three decades after I read the first. The events he's describing are finally within my lifespan.
No snow downtown, but seeing reports of it out in the counties pop up on my Twitter and Facebook feeds. Who's seeing it?
congrats on your big moment with David, legit! Wondering if you'd be willing to do a huge favor for me and some old #DBU peeps?
Thanks for the mention! Happy Fri the 13th!
“: Even tho you can't see us right now, you can still hear CBS 11 News at 5pm for our team coverage of the high winds”
It probably will be a spectacle seeing as how I'm getting in a dress for the first time in about 6 years.
Tut Trivia today! Be the first to answer the question correctly and receive one free ticket to the exhibition.
looks amazingly complicated...
needless to say, I've defriended you on Facebook. Can't have people thinking I'm friends with a hot mess...
excellent meal at PRUNE last night. Roasted bone marrow & smoked quail. YUM.
many of us read the message boards in the elevator lobbies!
You can do it!
When cleaning the face and neck area, do so gently in upward motion strokes - do not Tug
": I wanna ride someone's face hard" u can ride mine
You are an inspiration for many, my friend! Refuse discouragement and press fwd!
I don't drink coke because they support right wing death squads in Colombia & bc it makes u fat.
#mygraduationspeech you're all whores and assholes i hope you rot in hell ok :-)
Yea... she was mean but oh well no ones perfect.....
~ I sure hope you are thinking of us East TN folk today, as you soak up the L.A. sunshine!!! Love you! :)
Woo anyone watching glee?
Gourmet turkey burgers on the grill, yo! Holla!!
Making a difference one person at a time creates a better world for everyone.
Neal-Schuman is prepping for the CIL Conference on Monday!!
RT D': Ready to watch a scary movie with the bestfriend .. I'm scared already ! D: lol
Just got home bout to hit the sheets for awhile
Went to the frisco mall today and damn. I saw way to many familiar faces. Not the good 1s though haha :/!
It'll be okay, time heals
my birthdays this weekend, it would be the best birthday ever if you followed me! :) x
The best feeling is laying in your bed after being at dance for 3 hours. <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Today was one of those fly in your pajamas kinda days.
The chance of harry to follow me would be one out of a billion chance ! :(
Warm thanks for never missing the Harvest Dinner. Wouldn't want to do it without you!
#Villanueva she is.
haha Uhh don't worry about it
it looks like i will be voting for a woman for president, again.
U can't walk into a radio st w ur record & have them spin it right there anymore. Monopoly=big hindrance on Latino airplay -Little Joe
Bears fans are the MOST classy around
Big 10 Pub A's hold on to defeat Mr Roberts Bar 15-11. A's move into sole possession of 1st place at 2-0. On to the presser at Big 10 Pub.
patiently awaiting winter, my friend! Need to get some ski mountaineering trip on the docket however.
If you want to achieve success in what you are pursuing, all you need to do is find a way to model those who have already succeeded.
Had an awesome time at the Nashville Amp Expo. Shout out to Swamp Works amps. Killer stuff. Gonna have to get one...
Aww Thank you!!!
Only got 3 hours of sleep. Man, I'm a machine. Lol.
You were so great today. I was glad to have you on the panel!
another GSU victory in the Bayou Classic. I'll be there.
Good morning!
And so it begins...MNF. Watch Hawks at The Spot. We're going beast mode!
"Brian, my friend, where have you been?"
They last about as long as an iPhone battery nowadays.
My Twitter just got hacked. If I send you a direct message DON'T TOUCH IT. You will get hacked too.
LOL. Isaac, reveal yourself!
And when the rain begins to fall?? MT :Putting together Pop Panel while eating cheap Thai, listening to Pia Zadora's '80s flops
Finna make this Music shit shake!!
Duqu Virus Tied to Microsoft Windows Bug
S/O to the incomparable and her generous spirit.
Ken Altshuler: This Mother's Day, More Moms Paying Child Support: In addition to receiving flowers and cards this Mother's Day, an in...
Free Belgian beer tasting tonight at France 44 - 4:30-7:00pm hope to see you...
um i'm such a dork 4 realizin this but some of hearst n davies affair that was in was filmed at the same spot as Billy Madison
hope you will help spread the word about Thanks!
Working on "We In Here" By . Beat By Yeah.
and are SAFE!!! Woohoo
They Want 2 Find Me Not Breathin Like They Found MIKE
had a couple of dizzy spells today....
thanks so much for your kind words and support! It means so much to me! I'm so happy you enjoyed the work I love to do!
I like stuffed things...provided that the stuffing is cash.
The thing about alien possession is they wouldn't know to curse a lot and yell "for the love of God idiot!" so you'd know it's not me
Tears on the mausoleum floor, Blood stains the coliseum doors, Lies on the lips of a priest, Thanksgiving disguised as a feast
seeing the vow finally with my boy. <3
For some reason I missed two people with the original email. Your time will be counted from when your email was sent though. :)
wash it! Rain! Raaaaiiiiin!
Watch Author Steve Pemberton today at Noon on
The food system should be based on the foundation of fair social & labor policies - Eric Schlosser at Agreed.
Ate Good food, good waiter. Waited 2 hours to get food. Eeh.
Too blessed 2 b stressed!!!!
Anyone want to help me pitch my tent?
to HELL with "hannies" picture, I WANT ONE FOR MY OWN PURPOSES! Haha
Aye brah... I just hit this Girl with dat LOOK
welcome to twitter young lady:)
Haha yes how will you know it's me btw do u like x factor ? :)
M stands for modified
Overheard while people watching outside a celebrity derby party: "it sucks standing on this curb"
I'm happy for Christoph Waltz but at the same time I'm disappointed...I was crossing my fingers for Michael Haneke with The White Ribbon
Happy Birthday cutie ;)
Spotted Cornel West in lobby of Madison Hotel.
Nice quote for a Monday morning! "Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference." - Winston Churchill
Snow Black Sunday will be here along with a few others Friday, May 18! Go grab a rib or two, but don't be late! Show at 10, $5
I cant fucking believe it , really? Need you know? Is that a joke? Annoyed...
I'm a photographer but I would like to work with you on getting some prints published in you mag
": Good running into the one and only at jimmy johns" great minds think alike; pulled in exact same time.
a) that was a fabulous haiku! And b) you can always double up...it's a free for all. :)
To all the people without a valentine your beautiful and amazing and I love you:)
#WTFWasYouThinking when you bought Justin Bieber tickets? That was a waste of $80.00 man O.o
Also, should pay better.
Comin ta Richmond
That awkward moment when you realize you have a final in a few hours...
HR-Rod is so bad.
There is one thing about Eureka that does bug me and that is Taggert's accent. He does not sound like a real Aussie AT ALL.
me too. Haha.
I know every word and lyric to that movie.
follow back beautiful x
Good strategy. RT“: #Brewers Nyjer Morgan on 2012: "I want to stay out of the principals' office. That's Plush's only goal."”
We must use time as a tool, not as a crutch. - John F. Kennedy
When will & Chuck getting naked on the air? Lol.
I'll be chillin' w family in Nashville & Atlanta for Christmas.... You? Got big fam plans?
There are so many inside jokes between me and people will never understand
yaaay u comin to my home
Tyler Black vs. Necro Butcher is up next.
im live !
I like the old MerchantCircle,They got the page all messed up.
TEDx + education + ABQ = ? Join us tonight at 6pm at Slate St Cafe to talk about the possibilities.
Eyes of the nation will be on #WI elections tomorrow. Lets give the middle class in this country a victory.
& are at the scene of an apartment fire in Fitchburg. Live report in 1 minute.
developers have been scrambling to super-size apartments to meet the surging demand of the highest stratum of luxury buyers
Black Jesus, Black Jesus, Black Jesus. Jesus is the new black.
We blow them bands out they ain't bout dis life
I know my followers r increasing but the number hasn't changed for a couple months now-what's going on?
aww thanks! And i hope so too! (:
So effin true!!!
OOOOhhhh look at fancy!
Fun fact: two members of the crew are also singer!! But only one of them is good! Lol dont tell!
I am blessed. Yes, even on the days I don't get what I want.
. Armato says those other forms enrich conversation but Presses perhaps shouldn't run them. "But it's a good question."
First true two word combos make my heart melt.
At Wendy's.
was down again last week in the ratings. Except for the opening episode, they've been down nearly every week since.
How'd it get to be 8:15? {stupid meds!!} Oh, well, I feel like I coulda used the nap I got, anyway!
out of town fan needs love. Stop showing 5-1 game on MLB TV and instead show the tied game in the bottom of the ninth!
I need my car back! I hate waiting on people..
Austin may be the most pretentious town on earth.
I totally agree with you Tasha. I may have to take Brooklyn to that beach now ;)
I hope you're feeling better!
duh yes - ha ha - jon bryant!! thanks Tom
Done with Subject tests. :)
SpotON Radio app.
#SometimesYouHaveTo put your #middlefingerup to Bieber and her beliebers.
Happy Mothers Day from the UK Nunn Center...Interview your mother today...and archive the interview with us as well!
What are some non-traditional wrapping paper ideas for gifts? I love using comic book pages!
Can't sleep but if I turn on my tv my dad will know I'm awake and make me work:(
"You're never to poor to give & you're never to rich to receive."
Today is the deadline for an art show that I'm entering....guess I'd better start slinging some paint around...
Some dreams really trip me the fuck out.
Do they not agree or are they being homers? That's why people get mad.
Chocolate festival?! What??
Oh so you watched a 30 minute video, so you're a Social Activist now?
Trinity head coach Tompkins and St. X head coach Porta meeting with Bats' official near third base line.
yeah we do! When do you have off?
scary ass! "I'm gonna let this slide!" blah blah blah yada yada yeah okay BACK SEATAH!
Maybe some big news in the works, more to come when I know more... This is NOT an emergency message. About "FILMMAKING "
#WFSAScriptTip : Only if your story style warrants it: No matter the length, try to change your pace *at least* three times.
RT : Bosh got in the doggystyle position after that dunk to celebrate. Then Bron slapped him on the ass while in said position smh
Agreed! RT : Thanks for the great questions and insights you offered up tonight.
Thanks for following friends
I wonder what's after twitter? 1st myspace then facebook now twitter then what?
Thanks for the RT :)
Shouts out to our boy !
He who cures a disease may be the skillfullest, but he that prevents it is the safest physician. Thomas Fuller
Freedom Lifestyle Income Program
And our secretary quit today. Shocker.
When people from my school have a twitter and talk about the drama. That's why I don't follow people from school.
Also today, students at St. Xavier HS will listen to a Holocaust survivor speak about his experiences.
Havent been home since 9 am... Studied my hitt of for midterm, didn't do so well, CCWA proved yet again to be best student org
it's easy to be friendly when you've got cookies, I'm in IF they are cookies with conditions to be friendly to a stranger :)
RT RT we gonna start drug-testing folk who receive federal student loans? cuz I KNOW y'all would be up in arms over that
where you at now?
The muppets jeans are too tight
Very RT : Excited & thankful for another beautiful day. Are u?
stalin was indeed an anti-semite. However Hitler killed 5.1 million Jews. Stalin killed and starved tens of millions total
Joe Dirt on Netflix, my night is ruined....and by that I mean my night has been made.
Life is just a pain in the ass sometimes...
It's Bout To Be A Good Fucking Night
Everyone should follow-
CHINA INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY, INC. : ANNOUNCES FIRST QUARTER 2012 RESULTS - 4-traders
Banger in the mouth!
I forgive you bro.
Maybe a local festival with this line up?
They say they are not good enough at telling fairy tales. :/ Weird I know. When I played with my family, I ended up telling...
Lee Raine's session is being recorded
You did AMAZING last night, follow back please? <33
The Silk Tie likes Ladd! We make ties and need millions of views, thats not a bad number of eyes, thesilktie.com
Opening day 2010 lineup.
could use a little sip and maybe some dip. i'm looking at you my dear great falls.
BEAUTY TIP: Messy braids are all the rage, go for it; just make sure it is messy!
Dear teammates and dates, It is that time of year again to dress up in your finest and get shitty
Thanks Rachel
you've made the second season all the more colorful!
Thanks!! So glad you enjoyed it!
Cashed my advance check. Celebrated a touch too hard. Now I can't write.
What's up bum?I see y'all finally got that Newman trash outta there.
I hate when mufuckas textin me an ion got they number
YOU my friend, have just made a big mistake. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Super Naughty Fun! #FF Happy Friday!
Then I wouldn't have to be afraid of heights! Ants. Just livin' the life...
happy to finally follow you
yes every one is invited but im going to bed so lets continue this in the morning k night
More than just a little excited that for first time in years Halsted is FINALLY open at the bridge!
AGREED!!! RT : Should be a good week if traffic stays as light as it was today! #Atlantatraffic thx
Don't you hate when youre on a mission and then mid-mission you forgot what it was you were so determined to do!
Why are you saying that?
sorry to have missed you at Actor's Key tonight.....won't miss you the next time!
I agree! Luv ya! RT : - so glad I was able to worship and pray with you! &lt;&lt;hugs&gt;&gt;
there :D
#Rejection...Is When God Removes Someone Unqualified For The Future He Has Planned For You.
Hello everyone ready to
Current opening for a 2 week #Research #Librarian job in NJ! Must have #law #library exp.
Greg Sadler you just made my summer 2 Tickets to Starlight Theater to Phish. Thank you I was beginning to think you hated the Midwest
they've all been terrific, loved Lessig, Lippman & Long! Who has you thinking today?
#firespaz Time to legitimately start thinking about who will coach BC next year. There is simply no way they can bring Spaz back next year.
Im black and proud.<U+270A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Wildavsky "rankings are controversial" don't tell how effective the education is- but helpful to students and policy makers
And thank you for the kind words!
I wanna cry.
Hey , had we done that intentionally, we obviously would of been much more clever about it. Our apologies sir.
followed u back!
Stayy Fitted Love ,,
You give really good advice (:
Happy Friday tweeps!!
A double whammy of game show news today with the death of Bob Stewart and the retirement of Alex Trebek
Flyline Search Marketing is a Google Adwords Certified Partner. We handle Adwords for other Agencies as well as our own client base.
#REALsoup for Breakfast! Just what the doctor ordered.
lmao!! Yea ok.. But u had to look for it tho.
DJ ON THE TRACK!!!
still up for for lunch this week?
"are you two in the fashion industry?" "no, we're just hungover." FRIDAY AM CRAIGSLIST SKOKIE ADVENTURES!!!!
Good morning. Let us remember that "suffering is temporary. Enlightenment is forever” -
no doubt. Trying to learn in a few days what normally takes years to learn.
I'm outside holding my ears.
and we learned that in like 3rd grade so obviously there's no point for high school -__-
Rubber bands <<<<<
Unreal. are blowing what shoulda been an easy W.
My knee is swollen
You have to support your children to have a healthy relationship
nice. :). We are planning 12 now. Cheers
Docent’s were not delivering an iPad tour but rather judiciously using iPad to enhance a particular moment -
Thrilled to represent new work from fiber artist Betsy Giberson coming this Spring!
wanna watch the Lake Show tomorrow?
If you can't come celebrate #StDrunkens with us tomorrow you can still support RVD by buying raffle tickets. DM us for more info.
“Your heart is my piñata.”
Thanks for RTing one of 's nuggets from our event last night
I agree about John Short getting a seat on the bench! Great idea! Wonder if we could do a
The only difference between men and boys are the size of their shoes and the price of their toys.
It's been a great semester for RPS Libraries! Thanks to everyone for visiting us and we will see you in January!
Eating subway while waiting for ustream
Thanks for the follow, Robin!! Hope all is well and business is booming! love & light.
Point is, Chi HS coaches are all noise. If you pony up $$$ you get players. Doesn't matter who the coach is.
Video chatting with Andre :'D
Don't you love smiles, they're free to give, they're contagious & aren't known to cause cavities or other serious bodily malfunctions :).
Should I do homework. I don't want to do homework
I hate online job applications. Why can't I just print them off
It's hard to believe, but Easter is this Sunday! Don't forget to place an order for a coconut or carrot cake, or maybe some Brunch Breads..
If the upper class is paying a smaller precentage of earnings than the lower class, then you know the folks running it are too corrupt.
Kpprevents and marketing is now available on Android, iphone, blackberry and tablets.
ur my baby and will always be called my meggie boo(:
Fan of Brit comedian/ Daily Show correspondent John Oliver? Check out this interview! Via
Celebrating Record Store Day by lacing up my Doc Martens and going out in search of some previously unreleased Mudhoney vinyl.
THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH BET?!
the next exit
What happened to our collab?? Lol
Stunningly bad MT crisis communication pros will talk about Andrea Mitchell's interview w/ Amb. Nancy Brinker for many yrs.
Lincoln's main talent was to bring the complex to the simplest of terms so all could understand. Carl Sandburg
I just fell out my fuckin bed cuz I was laughin so hard
Doing well, Katie! How about you? Did you get moved?
Thanks Tom.
I just want to make her happy
where are they from?
Never yell "your mom's chest hair!" at your mom...#meangirls <3
we can share
Where did you hear that!? he is not wild!....ok there was that one time at Red Lobster, but he was drunk!
hanging out with everyone since we were all friends before all this drama shit
I'm trying to follow you. Why am I blocked? that's probably a mistake.
or El Niño?
#SomeOneShouldTweet and tell him why they should be the number 1 Belieber
Swigs of Jack Daniels from Tony LaRussa?
you're my favorite!! So upset your going home. I'm still in shock I thought you won!!
I need motivation to write mah stories...
ahh we're twins!! We have the same name! (: lol
a bad carpenter shouldn't blame their tools...
Our mac and cheese cures hangovers! Open at 4!
thx for the rt! thx also for Resurrection Sunday lunch!
Looking like I may have to do it next weekend. Some work troubles plus Mum's arriving later than expected. :-(
Movie recommendation is "Bean"
thats good! How has work been? is your car good now?
It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help. ~ Epicurus
is it really worth it to be the only one fighting for what we have... I can't keep doing it on my own.
Not staying at this school all day.
Fast food Mondrian, I was in a car, doin' a drive by, that's crazy, or ah, scary?:)
When is food truck days?
Mom in her angry voice: MOTHER FUCKER! GET OUT OF THE FAST LANE!!! D:<
Uh oh, i feel rain mist...
Do u like or hate Randy Orton?
guess who has 2 thumbs and is excited for your new album?!?! This girl right herreeee! :D #LetsParty #HariponInTheHouse! <3
Whaaa... Thats beautiful! RT : Although it is uncommon, it is also rare and TRUE that some woman, are born with two vaginas.
ayee!!! appreciate it ma
Loves learning Spanish is the Costco Parking Lot
And one marketing test left for today, I'm guessing I have to write two thousands more words today. What a crazy world!!!!!!!
thank u we r gonna keep trying and trying till it happens *crosses fingers* super smile
looks pretty sexy. Will investigate further. Not a fan of handing over passwords though...
E! new is on the TV in my hostel in Patagonia, Chile...
just back from golf (:
Whenever J. Crew wants to come out with a Maternity Line, my credit card and I are ready.
Started Reiki training today. I aim to become a Reiki master soon.
This is gonna be a long long day
People ask why I use social media for sharing peds/parenting info: 23+ million moms on Facebook and that's only 2/3rds of moms on internet!
Lovely! RT : #Seedwords Writing Project: I collect words from the world to inspire others (& myself) to
awesome! Eventually might want a tank, but for now we needed a centerpiece for the kitchen table & thought this would be cool.
when? Where?
Stay tuned for party updates and information!
Hi stud!!! How art thou? Was just thinking about TTL the other day lol whats new? : Veronika!!! My ttl alumni :)
“: No One Direction interview is complete without one of the boys saying "a massive thank you".” oh my god, this is so true.
Good Lord it's about time! I'm wondering what is happening here in Orlando....
aw my 8th grade science teacher texted my tutor saying how im such a little cutie.
Not playing this time B.J. I tweeted it so know its real.
Understand the social media networks & determine where you need to be. You can't be everywhere successfully. Where do you fit?
Just wanted to thank Frank and the crew for throwing a great event!! Can't wait for next year... Get this event on your calendar NOW!
I think Scotty is going to win that award
Interesting discussion of contemporary #giftbooks both of "classics" and popular box sets and omnibus editions.
DAMN CAT!!
im Hungry you Bitches!!!
We're rocking out in the shop on this rainy NYC Friday. What is everyone else up to? xx
Finally your bringing back the underground tech house that defined #limalounge from its beginnings, Joris Voorn great choice :)
I'll try my best;)!
Spider 3, Y Banana - throw it to the FB Luck! Not the Venus!!
Great possession. Nice rebound Johnson. Nice pace.
Be sure to stop by our Open House this afternoon and tomorrow morning! fb.me/1kI1Ox2Hs
Parts of Justin Bieber's "Boyfriend" remind me of the Ying Yang Twins "Whisper".
Setting up a new Ipod Nano!
Some Couch Surfing profiles are the funniest/most bizarre things I've ever read. I'm looking at you, guy interested in "drinks and jewelry".
alright I'll be there Monday. Good luck man
Day 4 of losing both sets of car keys. Not angry yet, been biking all over Milwaukee.
About to leave soon for this show! Its about to be on! Mike Stern Band Richard Bona, Dave Weckl, and Bob Franceschini! They about to go in!
Just because it's Pie Day doesn't mean you have to be irrational, turn your "junk" into cash on !
After sitting at the bottom of the stairs whining, Coco finally comes upstairs as I'm on the way down.
<----the #awesomeness of all the TEDx forums!
Movie morning with the boys =
Asdfghjkl i fucked up. Big time.
aw jaz love u too
yea, it was kinda 'season finale' deep tonight.
Wow...tattoo shops seem to be chasin' for work and I keep on gettin' more and more booked.
absolutely, will start gettin ppl to follow athletes who r life of the storylines
Avengers was pretty raw.
Nice! RT #Hawks win 106-89 over #Mavs.. clinch home court advantage vs #Celtics in opening round. Game 1 is Sun. at Philips
Today feels like a blah day
A mindset of fear and doubt can lead to countless missed opportunities. Approach your life with an attitude of faith.
Magnetic Parade attracts a lot of fans
live now
ready to leave WM tho. & yall. that's what im excited for
Beauty itself is but the sensible image of the Infinite
Ok I played my self on this work out, was just not feeling it at all...
Im still mad tho..
thanks :) i love you <33
Perhaps it should be noted that is my assemblyman.
take a friend, I brought my friend to my Ultrasound :)
Similar concept, yes.
Putting final touches on my upcoming conference session: Note Taking on Mobile Devices. Part app-smackdown/part crowd participation
Normal is relative. :)
i just remembered, i do have something to say guess wha about
Thanks for passing on the word!
What's the job application to Hooters? They just give you a bra and say: Here, fill this out.
Ted Nugent makes me sick. Literally.
Outline of Scags at 30 to be completed by end of May. Betting with myself that it can be done.
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before
I'm not paying $30 in gas and $20 in parking to go to a Pistons games to buy $15 nosebleeds. That's crazy!
Heading to my friends studio to hear some new music. Kala le Droid
don't shop on black friday... you're making retail workers miserable. #occupydenver instead
very true
also we love your beard! All hail Larry!
I'll admit it. I love playoff hockey. Keep the wins coming, #STLBlues!
Seriously, what is wrong with you? I need to know.
Dito :b lol RT : Sending Valentines to all my bitches...I love yall...you know who you are!
Hospital waiting rooms.are the worst..i always feel like someone is gonna give me some disease
If you're tired of starting over - stop giving up.
Wait, did Fringe just reboot again?
Theres at least 4 songs on the album I could do a Video for...somebody Tell we need that "Like Lasers" Vid
I dunno, I love the sound of thunder :)
"To dream the impossible dream,To fight the unbeatable foe,To bear with unbearable sorrow, To run where the brave dare not go."
Please drop by again this coming week as I'm expecting a couple of songs back from the mixer. The first one's called "Plans"--a pretty...
That was fun
I hate when I grab someone's Mac and it has reverse scroll. What will they do next? Reverse up and down arrow keys?
oh I just saw this, gotcha, well I like the change :) Sometimes a fresh change is good 4 the soul! ;)
Getting ready for Bottom of the Hill Feb 2nd! Gonna be a rad night! Satisfaction guaranteed.
thanks for the mention of bit.li/RaW2012. Yr followers might DM me for an extra 10%disc on wkshps or meetings
Boys about to take the ice for their warm ups! After that it's show time for Bucky
no mute! They need to plug there ears!!!! LOL GO STEELERS
Quick Property Sale? HSBC Reveal the Home Improvements Which Count - MarketWatch (press release)
u mean, b a tour manager?College is WAY better! If in 4 yrs u still want 2 babysit grownups I bet the option'll still b available
Thank you for the SO
I love u,vin
I signed up, got the app and had no clue how to connect my perk to the account. Shame too, looks like a cool app.
Exec. Board meeting today for weekly mtg. On agenda: clubs w/ no budget request, Last Lecture, & Pres. Dorwart's State of Campus speech!
I'm probably just gonna go creep my friend whose working at pappas
Good friends, very good books plus a drowsy mind: this is the best life.
hahaha Jane should have 'came to life' and scared you!! hahahaha :)
i c u
The great leaders are like the best conductors – they reach beyond the notes to reach the magic in the players. – Blaine Lee
philly took a huge leap of faith on a unproven keeper, now they're paying for it.
I think it's the fact that I'm extraordinarily practical. I don't think your average insaniac is quite as practical as I am.
leek soup, leek souffle, leek stuffing...yep going to try leeks.
I may not be the hottest or prettiest girl out there but trust me, if you give me a chance, I will love you like no one else could.
TIL there exists a genre called thug love fiction. who knew?
if that's her new thing... Joining the likes of Nicki Minaj in mainstream whatever the heck that is... I'm done with her!
Tomorrow it's my Birthday and I already had a gifts from all my friends! Love them so much! :)
#randomthought - Can't believe I almost teared up in class during one part of the movie Up :( Life lessons, man.
We're heading down to Gainesville this Friday the 13th to play at BackStage Lounge! 10pm, $6 cover.
wondering if this is an issue with Font Squirrel or icomoon? im using 'Supplementary Private Use Area A', boxes 1-17
a haha u guys a mess
I'd kill for a ring pop right now.
Gr8t suits u....so u always do experiment with ur hair
The Democratic version of the DREAM Act, proposed in 2001, would offer citizenship; Mr. Rubio's expected plan would grant legal status
is our 1,000th follower. #Appropriate: his work investigates the world, weighs perspectives, shares ideas, takes action.
#Eng9 Come one and all for retake and makeup work!!! I am in 176.
Still Wide Awake BlackShadeMafia
sick, watching dance moms, talking to brooke hyland on fbook, who knew being sick could be this enjoyable!?
I bet you'd be a good one!
Ha! Now I REALLY wish I was going :-) Nice work.
Oh no, please....not the one in the dress or bra again!!
wat no invite. See that's b.a.n shit
Just finished our interview with Jay Reynolds from Malice and Metal Church. What stories! Especially about his time in Megadeth. Great guy!
Two cool cats!
hacked my page
Comedy Night at The BeerHive! 8pm. $6 for a dozen wings (best sauces in the city) & $2.50 Yuengling Drafts.
That moment when u yry ur hatdest to eplain something to someone and it just doesnt get through:(
Rats! Did I miss Bruce??????
Thanks brotha! “: Tough close decision,,,tell Jorge great job!”
When there are people handing out flyers on the streets of chicago I always take one. You never know what you might learn. I love it
January 18, 2012: the day plagiarism died. January 19, 2012: plagiarism arose and homework was turned in a day late for 90% credit at most.
Thank you for the RT and your continued support of & Hope you have a wonderful holiday!
Thanks, Korri. I'll check it out.
Wishing I was at #PlaylistLive in Orlando right now visiting !! :(
Just finished lunch: gator, crawfish and fried frog legs. Feelin real Southern today.
On vacation! Happy holidays everyone.
Sorry everyone about the chat today - is there anyway we can prevent this in the future?
is putting on a show!
Remember The Faint? Buffalo Exchange certainly does and my selling old high school Hot Topic shirts isn't helping this odd feeling
Have fun at the Cambridge show!
sumpton kute gotta go shopping bt i know i wanna wea my dark grey hells and some fishnets yu know rockstar trend
Starflyer's at almost double their LP funding goal on kickstarter, so psyched about that!
Nowhere near sleepy .
dont blah blah blah me missie
All the guys I find nice and attractive have kids... This is a problem.. :(
YES! WE! WAHOOO! YEAH!
What about Boxing Day? isn't that when Santa goes to all the Canadian houses cleans up and hides all the receipts?
This weekend lets get our drink on!! and Rock!
I just want to see a game 7..lol..
Danm that gurrl knows how to get it and now that she's got it on that rewind girlwhere that money at fuck them asristicatsubringinitbackhome
all I really want is an I love you picture.
RT : Imagine if you and I could fly past the sun, and leave all our doubts and fears behind us.
Paige Miles did not sing very well tonight on American Idol...she needs to go now.
Glad you could attend! Great coverage of the event. Will you be watching on Thanksgiving Day?
that just scared my dog
kiss me and you will see how important i am
Finally back home from school :) oddly a fantastic day despite the weather!
haha I think you just might :) let's start with me!
A standing O for Taylor Swift??? Did everyone lose their chairs?
#Lakers Gasol far too concerned about brunch tomorrow than closing #Nuggets game.
Oh. That is one angry PV.
At the end of the year one person will win a free piece of art or furniture which the winner may choose from a selection listed on Facebook
About to get out the jam... I missed like this whole week. :/
Fred Lundin tells me not to post on a Sat night, because no voters are listening. Prove the Poor Swede wrong! And join my race to beat Rahm!
so happy that is in the final 3!!
Come on, it's Friday! There is always Saturday for dissertations.
Thank you!! for having us and to all who came out to support
My initial computation for Maya Xultun number: 341640 x 2 = 683280 doubles to 1366560 Maya companion number.
It's so crazy to me that #Boston really was really trying to trade #Rondo. I just don't get it.
i'n going to start taking hostages if i don't get my internet by tomorrow
I CANT WAIT<3
Ah, Sunday morning!
it's well-written, well-acted, with not only great action setpieces but great human interaction, relationships, and drama.
it must happen to REALLY funny people a lot.
"It is not the employer who pays the wages. Employers only handle the money. It is the customer who pays the wages." - Henry Ford
me too! merry christmas btw in advance haha
drs giving out sick notes like candy are teh ones we take your daughters to to get abortion parental waivers
on my way to missouri for nationals! wish me luck!
I'm in Somerville- porterish! It's the place to be!
I did not get it.mam, my phone wasnt working for a couple of days and I texted whit about us going to lunch
Tomorrow, shall be all about kick drums.
yea son!
Three robocalls in one morning... This is going to be a "fun" election year.
how rude!
A retriever... A lab... A German Shepherd... Ah
what's wrong? :0
Very proud to be listening to some of my Honors students present on their work.
it should be done soon from Fast Frank Shockley. He's doing all the work.
Experiment failed
“ Dear bill collectors... WHEN I GET IT YOU'LL GET IT!!!”
Girls do stupid shit. And so do guys.
It's the Midwestern equivalent of not wanting to hang up the phone without saying goodbye.
Change that clock tonight. Will need that hour of sleep before hitting the set at 4am.
Nothing compares to a best friend's advice.
You can find us at www.Studsmoving.com
Today I had a guest tell me that he googled me and found me on linked in. He then started to ask about my past internships
I actually tested out their entire product line!
So that inception pic that reblogged totally made me wanna watch inception
what's wrong manders??
Great picture! Thank you. That is a lot of people. What song do you plan on performing?
Ayyyeee that rhymed!
Ahh the pigtails, the smile gives you away.... lol RT : I'm not telling lol
Packed! Not excited to wake up at 4am w/
Looking forward to your "Marple" here in the US. Thank you for "Whitechapel" also!
Gesture based technology: room thinks it's becoming widespread faster than horizon report predicted
That would be #missmyboys rather.
I am officially on the wagon...
No thank you! :)
RT : "We're growing a generation of the very best people with the very worst imaginations" summing up #JacobScott's talk
dude where were you today? Did you get the text about the meeting?
Off to bed if I want to make it to work 2morrow. ;p
Poetry coming tomorrow
This gurl stay having her hand up
Good, cheap glasses in Albuquerque?
Hi Lou , Johnny Morgante looking forward to seeing ya this week .
O just what I needed, SBC as the Dictator on Beautiful timing.
#whenitwascoolto get followed by oh wait that is still cool <3
It's not remiss to follow bliss(!)
Thank you my friends for your mentions & RTs!
We have to think about how happy austin will be he is going to be doing what he loves to do we have to be happy for him. Yeah hes leaving-
Successfully twerk on rhythm! Tonight was great now off to ihop than bowling
I have a love/hate relationship with spring....my eyes, nose, and throat don't appreciate it...
I'm driving back from Atlanta on or about June 30 and plan to visit Asheville. Let me know if there are shows to see then. Thanks.
I have gotten DM's from a lot of my followers containing a link that gives your computer viruses. Please change your password, y'all! (:
So flattered-thanks! RT :Talking next week with re:site interpretation. They expertly present controversial subjects
& were the realest girls ever to me & I've changed an made bad choices an almost most them </3
im gettin faded tonight.
Check - got it!
anytime.. :-) have fun packing for the tour! You guys will do awesome!!
glad he didn't end up a laker!
BIG NEWS !!! Scott Conrad just advanced to #3 on the local (San Antonio, TX) Singer / Songwriter Charts at REVERBNATION... THANK YOU FANS!!!
lmao i know or asking me what to wear...lol but next friday we have to go hard well i dont want to drink as much
alright peace & love! goodnight!
me too!! They are hot hot hot
Begin now because the only impossible journey is the one you never begin.
Three more shirts shipped today! Keep spreading the word and I'll keep shipping them! movemberbaltimore.com!
Lies??? I dont even know what tf that is!! #LiesAbuadGirlsTell I don't Drink Alomo
: Reflexivity exists outside of the academy, including, importantly, in online fan communities via vernacular theory
Thomas wanted to see more chances. Maybe the forwards wanted to see him make more saves on 20 shots.
Why did Github change their UI? The last one was doing fine. Suggesting git reset.
#ThingsILookFor : Love, when it could just find me
I hate when the Army people come to my school, I feel like I'm gonna be dragged to be in the army
Don't mess with my man!!!
Ok, cool
hahahha. Just be careful G, I'm not ready to be an uncle ;)
Told ya!
With nuts? RT i'm a big turd
Get drafted by Boston and play with him. Deal? RT : Wala !! Rondo with another Triple Double
#backinthedaywheniwasakid i had 0 xcares an life was good
Hello God, it's me Bernice..not the one from Long Island, the one from Crown Heights...
I am just annoyed.
I'm ok with the kids crawling into bed with me for the storm, but needs to realize he's freaking 40 years old.
Manchester drive still in the dark and no heat and no sign of con Ed.
Thanks dude I am super stoked! And when I get back it is TIME TO GO OFF ME YOU STEVIE & AW YYYYEEEEEAAAAHHHH!!!!!!!
Mention Twitter or Facebook and we will send a service technician to give you a quote for #FREE! A $49 #value. Great #deal!
Welcome Seth! We call it sconnie swagger. Getting my Wisconsin on. Madison show tonight , Milwaukee tmw
Morning Be-Love's! It's a great day because The Son is shining! Love ya!
Steve Young said football is the greatest team sport in existence...I guess he has never played beer pong
I'm still mad about that >:O
Im naturally good
are you home?
we're sure your friend is a good girl at heart, that must have been the drinks talking ;)
mmhmm. giving them i go to town, and i make sure they can't think of their grocery or laundry ;)
DM office address & our new Green Machine is yours! What's better than label printer fr Sconnie? 5 EMMYs I s'pose! Luv show.
Bout to get out the broom
Sur Twitter, tout le monde abandonne son BlackBerry :(
Thanks ASK "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
ya you a "beotch"
La vie est belle...c'est vendredi!
Interview with Barney Frank [(D) Massachusetts] on CNN makes me happy.
Have been exploring Pinterest lately, pinning interesting sites/articles about museums and social media. Seen anything cool? Let me know.
hey what color r your beats lol jw. =))))
My rep didn't give me any sense of urgency. You should be OK. Just answer the phone when they call :)
if i gone one day i be back one day
Just set up health insurance on one of our more recently adopted pigs. It's been a life saver in the past. Vet bills are crazy these days.
Just saw a couple hand in hand. Guy wearing Warroad sweatshirt, his gal wearing Roseau. Armageddon?
is the best dancer on the planet. Reminds me of MJ
We're basically giving away services tonight! $25 Express Peel, $20 Airbrush Tan, $35 Brazilian Bikini Wax & Brow Wax are just a few
Being away makes you appreciate family & family time so much more.
Yeah, they prefer cheerios!
No. I tip off the shelters when Miranda is going to be driving by.
Bought my mom some tapsilog for breakfast and she ended up giving about 75% of it to Buddy. Should've just bought it for him instead, fuck.
Costco...but there's samples!..samples of impatient frustrated dispondent people. I focus on turning my frown upside down. Effort
can you come back to SD?
Time for #change :D
What #nonprofit #charityevent have you volunteered for this year?
"If you want eggplant Parmesan you go there early."
Oakies trip to the Pittsburgh Zoo, today! Summer Fun.
improving peer review by utilizing our digitally networked environment
Wizards of Waverly Place should have won!!!! :( You guys deserve it! :)
I’ve still got a long way to go but I’m determined to pursue this since I need to reach out to French clients
I just wanna chill...kinda over this drinkin
Live life like Spongebob and Patrick!
Good movie: "Even The Rain" (También la lluvia). Exciting, but sad. Thank goodness for theater for showing it.
Q3 we'd like to put it on promo materials, LOVED American Libraries article with the Pike's Peak postcard with frozen dead people
Happy Hour till close Come watch the Rangers play and eat and drink!! Free Queso $1.75 all beers $4.00 wine.
thanks 4 that follow much love
Did it again. Chased a Diet Coke with a hot chocolate at work. Yum!
If would0fNeverCameInMy life.my life wouldntBcompleted
Guess I'll have to thy harder. :-D
Eating my roommate's left over chinese food
Pizza Places: I have such a good idea I can't keep it in til maturity. If you sell my idea, just pay .01/pc sale for 2 yrs. To EZ 2 Ms. 5412
Facebook and I have been together since 2006, reliving the last 6 years of my life socially
the goose got helicoptered into camp hahaha
I'm pretty sure "lovers" is a word old people we're related to use specifically to make us never want to have sex again.
okay, I'll stay to be with you. I gotta go talk to ms.ricks anyway. I missed you today !!
David Levy, do surgeons spend too few hours in surgery? Do litigators spend too little time in court? Professors in class?
I swear next time Austin Mahone comes to Miami, Imma meet him. I'll do whatever it takes!! :DD
My pleasure just fluttering back in to the twitter sphere! Nice to meet you here
no k she is flawless you will fall in love with her like i did literally like number one tumblr person i love swear
I think is mad at me.I am sad :(
Boehner's office says he was pleased with his sandwich. Taylor Gourmet, I think you are having the best day ever.
This waiter at the luncheon can tell I'm an alcoholic. Oops. Yes you did hear correctly, I ordered like 500 drinks.
. What? I have to use Twitter to your attention? Multiple msgs and calls to Cust. Service won't do it?!
I wish I was as confident you.
Seriously? When I switched to a FL license, all I had to do was smile for the camera and shove the drunk dude hitting on Erin
C'mon Celts...Hawks cut the lead down to 33.
Damn good night in San Diego! If only time machines were real..
MY NIGGA JOS ON HER JG WET WORTH SHIT... SAY SHE NEED CASH NOW
April is one twisted bitch of a month.
such an idiot!
My head isn't in the game. To many shots, shots, shots. Spinzies.
Was going to wait til today to euthanize Satchel to watch NYY @ BOS together. Now I'm glad I didn't.
exactly :) you know i think you r pretty cool guy
Stop by on the way to work and get a cup of Wuyi Oolong and a Blueberry muffin
love you too
These "(:" make me so mad.
Well, Go Cowboys! Congrats Saints on the win...Brees and Reggie Bush! Play a great game!
Sac fly but K.Fukudome brings in E.Carrera putting the Tribe on the board early 1-0
Technical difficulties with website. Please stand by.
They want you to believe jails are full of killers, robbers, and rapists, it's actually drug "offenders" & driving violations.
It's a great idea, but I'm surprised it wasn't implemented back when the Orange Line opened.
Some cause happiness wherever they go. Others whenever they go.
thanks for tumbling you guys did amazing <3!
#mkexpo thank you all!
Thanks for the follow. now if I could only get you to wear a Twins cap. I will follow back.
aww you should find out!! Hes my favorite author!!:)
Makes sense, especially after CBS blowing the JoePa news.
thank you!! (the ramshackles will come later, apparently they aren't 'work apporprite' or some such fascist nonsense)
- Would love to send you some of my material for review and press releases. Who should I speak to?
Rocking to Golddigger with and :) I love my boys.
A guy at the gym asked if I wanted to play semi-professional football for him. Got a number. Gotta do it
crazy that's dangerous it #nmfire season
LOL, that was just our first chance to get online - it's been a busy week! Though, open until midnight both tomorrow & Saturday!
Looks like the rain is going to shut us down for lunch today but tomorrow looks good so far...hope to see you tomorrow on main...
YEAH THAT'S TRUE
I was once in discussions to purchase Qwitter. Back in the day.
what we gon bet or how much?
Ah. One minuto to go Shnikys!!!
#Cubs Super Joe Mather is the new Mark Derosa. Love that goofy lookin' fool!
and i'm on 2
RT Great show!! Funny AND informative. #prettyprogressive I am a fan!
Really wishes I bought the 3rd book in the Hunger Games series..since I"m almost done with number 2...
You need <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A>
Better off sucker free.
Thanks a lot! Everyone is a #rockstar at events. For a while I was blinded by
Tonights going to be super busy ugh.
Hey everybody
ESPN hates the pirates. And that's why I hate ESPN.
"You can't eat the orange and throw the peel away - a man is not a piece of fruit." - Willy Loman, as played by Philip Seymour Hoffman
shake what your mama gave ya! Go Casy, its your birthday, go Casey, its your birthday! ha!~
I'm the only woman in a 20-person software technical specification review meeting.
me too! Lmao
I done got indicted selling all white but I will never snitch none in my life. 300.
well I stopped reading like when my sister said that I like you. Idk I don't like when I'm talked about I guess. Sorry
thanks for the follow by the way, nice to know you!
I successfully unknotted my headphones without taking one of the ear pieces out. I have established life.
How is it already 2:30am.....
The Strib's website has become unusable. Answer three questions to view this photo? Really?
Thanks yo, be sure to stop by sometime!
it sounds like you need to synergize with some bullett and nyquil post haste
Great concert! Heading back to Knoxville. killed it yet again!
Josh the Juicer!!!
… That shit was dope !
ASTD Global Trends - informal learning, integrated talent mgmt, multigen, skills gap, soc. learning, cplp, mobile, succession plans
Here's a reply to your tweet so you don't feel all sad and alone.
It was a good fight.. fuck it.. Cotto did his thing..no KO
I like your style!
Short term forecast: Thru 12pm, showers & thunderstorms ending by 8am. Mostly cloudy with temperatures warming into the low to middle 80s.
Happy, happy birthday my friend. Hope your family spoils you rotten!
The sound of a woman with a British accent is hypnotic.
Ha! Both your review of 50 Shades have me chuckling. Cannot get past the ridic writing to finish but trying...
Im tryna get sauce tonight i started drinking again last week and i felt like doing back flips lol
Good Morning Guys! :DD
have you seen Cycles South? Pretty sweet movie from 1971 about riding from Denver to Panama.
don't judge me
A homepage is not a landing page! RT : repeat after me...a homepage is not a landing page. a homepage is not a landing page.
#crushonyou ..... You're hot!
Come to the Java's Stout release party tomorrow night at Good Luck Restaurant at 6 PM! One lb of coffee per barrel of beer!
Did anyone just see the opening kickoff of the Broncos/Steelers Game? That was amazing! Coolest Touchback Ever!
Awfully quiet day...
Tumblr's down! How are all of the bitter 17-year-old girls supposed to blog a vague photo signifying how much they hate Valentine's Day?
When you're tired, sitting in class is torture...
DRAMA can’t get enough of it
Buffer state ~
Money Saving Tip #46: Invest in a deep freezer.
Earlier today, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez returned to Cuba to resume his chemotherapy treatment for cancer discovered in June.
Yes, it would have been nice to get off another play and take more time but they had to get in the endzone.
im doing good
My Nutella is calling my name..
What is it with the Hurricanes this year? They are playing the role of the Habs. Hope we don't match up in the playoffs. Go #Bruins!
today cranking out some new content for the website/blog and catching up on industry reading- I LOVE working here :)
Optimism: the fuel of happiness. A constructive, active, empowering attitude. Sets up success w/focus & action on possibility & opportunity.
We stop taking submissions on October 23! Get your stuff in. Second Issue is basically full. Can't wait till the December release!
I would help but am in Tenn!! I'm sure they had a good reason lol!!
Who does the vampire fall in love with? The girl necks door. #vampirejokes :)
Got a little case of "mud-butt" from last night's BBQ.
My weekend has begun!!!
Im In That Thang . RT : hell yeah that's all niggas eatin cereal and milk
Please find another network for #PanAm!
RT : 20 MPH winds expected in Foxboro tonight which means there's a chance we will see Tim Tebow's very first spiral.
RT : At #RaabRT Tina Halfpenny of MA DOER argued for new central "repository" of EE data for stakeholders to see EE trends
Eric Jacobson Quartet tomorrow night! Show starts at 7:30, with no cover. All ages!
I miss my daughter
Having a Clerks moment as I find that I was not scheduled for the Sim Center. Argh! Wishing I was still in bed.
Daily Infamy: Expecting recognition without contribution.
Yep. C&W is one that'll stay on my agenda. Doesn't matter too much where it is for me.
FOLLOWING YOU MA.. GIVE A FOLLOW BACK :)
Tomorrow season 3 - FINALE !!!
Congratulations from ! Best wishes!
fuck my life
Weaseling out of things is important to learn. It's what separates us from the animals...except the weasel. - Homer Simpson
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when someone comes in my room while i'm asleep & leaves the damn door open
I know this
having withdraws. Any news
does your back hurt?
#oomf just came across my mind
I can't believe you got lame and went to bed after Talmud as spoken word!! #wexner25 is still going without you...
people need too learn how too let go of the past and move on with the future <3
"Put your faith in what you most believe in, two worlds one family! " I love Tarzan. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0098>
I have Flywheel tonight
OCLC survey: Hickerson: Canadian spec colls have higher portion of online finding aids, but fewer follow EAD or other standards
“: hell naw. My dawg told me girls love it but I don't do that shit”hahaha. WHY babe
wedges you failed me
Just read the story... awesome.!
Right on:) I've heard all about
This may be true RT : no, the most common response i have to you is "/me rolls eyes"
Could I play Riker? I mean he always did good at doing...."cultural research"
Okay with us but not sure about our fellow wrinklies.
I've always been told, if the baby isn't trying to climb out of the crib--leave it. Ultimately it's safer.
Hey you should celebrate the Knicks win by shopping Save 20% off your purchase! Use Code: CORKY #41points #nosweep 4
The best 5 dollars I have ever spent. This just got more insaner. TouchOSC
Exciting! CEO Elisabeth Mason is finalist for '11 #StevieAwards given to innovative women in business. She's in smaller nonprofit category.
RT "Wonder if it's time to go with the Gomez/Morgan outfield from the start." That's what I was thinking.
Welcome "Kiddie Academy" to Sprinkles Magazine!
Panama...or at your brothers?
Crow just owned Pujols.
Wow, looks like here's some avid interest in the game! Should I take the plunge?
Bored out of my mind
You are a hypocrite. You are a piece of trash.
Study time with Nancy!
Thanks so much dear Alessio, I will try to do excactly that! Best Ilona
I think baseball is pretty popular in australia as a standalone sport. There is a mlb affiliated feeder league, for example.
What did Kobe do?
Tech for American Globe Turnip Festival done. Opens tonite. Very plzd to direct Andrea Prendamano & Bart Shatto. Very talented. Break legs!
I am not going to drop out haha, not even close to
Baby, you light up my world like nobody else.
Surprised didn't catch the water valve problem before letting everyone on the plane and having us sit here for 2 hours and wait
What, like it's hard?
Lucic. #bruins got momentum
Wants McDonanlds tonight, no matter how much I know this to be gross.
I'm almost positive NO ONE cares who you gave +K to. Seriously.
he was actually talking about your attempt at cleavage
How do you think did on #AGT last night? Everyone is saying he stole the show!
On that I'll have to agree .. Thx & back at ya! That is because you are awesome.
Nah, this is clearly the place to be!
do u really like the shit u "LIKE" ? Or is ur finger jus use to showing attention instead of saying what u feel?!
oh my goodness :) haha
Mean it. Say it. Repeat it.
Thanks! Im so excited about this football season! Defending Super Bowl champs! #GoPackGo!
When i heard u guys were gonna be on idol i screamed. i still cant believe it! Why are you guys so amazing?
I thought he was already famous wif youtube.. Dats d thing u guys n him have 2 appreciate dis u'tube famous its betta den
#IfIHadThePower I will BRING my BIG BROTHER back N tell HIM .. What I wanted to tell him !")
Can you quit going to places that I want to go? Thanks.
I need to be inspired!
Part of that is due to you, missy
I think it's funny when freshmen make up shit about me just so they can start fucking drama. Grow the fuck up.
Mark Twain: "It's spring fever... You don't quite know what it is you DO want, but it just fairly makes your heart ache, you want it so!"
Until you let go of all the toxic people in your life. You will never be able to grow into your fullest potential.
my grade cares lol.
If you did Extra in that outfit every night ratings might go up - good weather for a bikini today in New York was a bonus
T-Pain is truly blessed to have such a beautiful & understanding woman as his wife.
The only source of knowledge is experience
Rodney Culver, Dave Griggs, Doug Mille, Shawn Lee, Chris Mims, Curtis Whitley, Lew Bush and now Seau. 8th player from 94 Champ team now dead
little biggie pandora, happy friday!
at school
it's plain nasty outside this morning.
#ThoughsDuringSchool fuck you... Fuck you... Did anyone ask you?! ... Hey there's my best friend... What are we having for lunch? AUSTIN!!<3
<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+270C>RT : If you took the loop by yourself, cried with a man, or drank by yourself tonight... I probably love you
if all you want are Favre stories unfollow detailed reporters. Junkies like me appreciate guys like
so did REMEMBER
So it wasn't just me?
Just shot you an e-mail, Ben. Would like to make a video for Intuition. I live in Jacksonville. Let's chat soon?
Thanks so much for the recs! Will look into all of those!
Ashley and JP Are So Cute Together .<U+2665>
I have 12 roses: 11 real, 1 fake. I will support you till the last one dies.
did you file police report? Check local pawn shop, take list of stolen goods to see if they cashed them all at once
Are you following ? It's so exciting to see the prep for her maiden voyage. I hope it's smooth sailing from here on out!
Just cut my fat neighbor open from scrote to throat with a Swiss Army Knife. And beauty was NOT on the inside. It's mostly blood and lard.
Some Great Football today. I expect some Upsets I hope new England gets all they have coming to them. You can take that anyway you want !
Bass over britton tonight #swaglife with
RT : thanks so much for the party! went too fast!
30% chance weatherman chance, cuban chance or actual?
Final reason 4 coming to McNally's 2nite: no better arena for bragging about your still-unproven fantasy MLS skills!
RIP to all the fallen journalists in Pakistan
THAT'S MY BITCH! GOSH I MISS YOU SO MUCH . STILL MY BEST FRIEND <3
Usher is STRUGGLING.
does anybody have ideas of fun things to do in Nashville?
Thanks for the retweet!
Foxwoods in the 5/10. I had AA opened for 60 guy three bet to 200 I called. Flop J74. He bet 300 . I check raised . He folded
“: Can we have drunken street races now” by the coast?
Greinke deserved better support.
#EveryoneHasThatOnePerson that they hhate no matter what.
we just trying to guide you hoes "NOT SAVE " but guide you hoes down a better path
What, you're not into the idea of expanding Eggplant into a full-blown old-timey radio show?
Heading to Denver Ski 4 show, just learned my flight has wi-fi, keep the Oscar tweets coming
keep your ipad!
Lance Brown calls for Urban Acupuncture. Various small projects throughout the city that cost little & have great results. Ideas?
#FLOTUS vs #GOP Wives! And the winner is...? brandingobamessiah.com
i wished i had gone today..
Eden Project organizers at Australia Nat. Univ. updated website includes 3 part series on Land Arts of the American West...
had to watch video on religion vs jesus twice! #deep stuff
Im not there yet, but I'm one day closer than I was yesterday...
Who remembers some of my old music?... LMS for "Ride For Me"... <U+2605>
i wish everyone a wonderful day and want the best for all
If I tell you I love you, can I have you forever? ~ Casper
be kind to my K9 that you're picking up
yay! I enjoyed learning a while back about how this painting was a rallying point for the city during WWII.
Taxes are done, had to pay money to Jersey. Fuggetaboutit.
Excited to tune in to Jeopardy tonight to see the lovely and talented tango with Trebek! Get you some, Susannah!
John Jay College in NYC seeking 2 assoc. directors of career svcs. More info on our homepage. Wish I was at #TPE12 and #NASPA12 to recruit!
#ThingsUNeed2KnowAboutIslam is that a man can't spend his whole day in the Masjid he has to go work & provide as well as care for his family
aw me 2
large two topping pizza and a pitcher if beer. $20 tonight during the game - dine in only
Got 's board, haha. He left a note too. Cute ass ~
Sucks to see someone fired but it had to happen. Lets get this thing turned around.
Garret Stutz had 10 rebounds in the first half. Board domination!
who knows bout that gm. 2 garbage teams, anything can happen.
I'm at Pollo Loco celebrating the awesome job I did at my meeting this morning.
MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE is trending in Boston and Chicago! Any other cities?
I've noticed it on Survivor & on the Office as well. Haven't really seen it in sports.
Ha, she's alright sometimes. “: um. I love your wife. in a very non-creepy kinda way. Ha!
oh.. goodness.
Sushi Lovers Unite: Ankimo: via
Excited to be here! Launch is coming soon.
Dude shutup lolRT : Do I have the right to call it a drought if its been a week nd some change
I copied it from my glyph board app on my iPhone. On a PC it's ALT + something
Wow. Now all they need is Brett Blizzard on the staff.
uh oh I think I'm getting sick- always before a fashion show!!
I have learned that pleasing everyone is too hard, but pissing everyone off is pretty dang easy.....
#Gladware should start manufacturing #condoms guaranteed best seller!
have you checked out yet? what they're doing is actually really cool!
ha! Glad I'm not the only one... I need more discipline I guess
Laying in the dark because I want to <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I personally support the right of gays to marry, so do not agree with President leaving the issue to the states.
RT : Hey St. Kate's students, Marian Rengel says the MN Digital Library can use #interns ...
There are not enough jails, not enough police, not enough courts to enforce a law not supported by the people.-H. Humphrey
Game time at 7 about to get my Kobe on hope I don't pass out www.cdbaby
i am jealous. give adam a huge from me!
not from this country...
i think tweeting should be for sharing fun and interesting tidbits and links but im gonna be lame and just say "rough day, I need a drink"
i mite have too,i cant be on the naughty list one month before christmas..lol
Thanks for the info about the bike giveaway! My daughter could use one!
I'd love to think about penning a guest post after the talk, as I need to get a sense of how scholars WANT to talk to pubs.
I hope it's a salsa club, and not a country bar like it once was
For a band with a lousy name the Close Lobsters are really good.
I will never put my business of a social net working site. You're crazy if you do.
alright . lol . im sure we both know .
im so sorry i will always
Listening to another lecture via Skype in class
Hey ive been wanting to come to one of ur concerts but idk when u would come to FL. Would love to meet u! I love ur songs!!
I can search for and read my own thesis paper online. I forgot how cool it feels to be able to do that. I'm like a nerdy superstar.
all hail AGOA?
It's not my fault that you heard energizing when I meant innerjizzing...
Summer of 69' came on in WalMart. All I could think of was <3
Come get a pint glass of frozen Piña Colada for just $6.50. It's a mouthful of awesome.
That time when your in the middle of lincoln center at an awards show and you have to pee
will you please follow me ? : D
Inspired by results at the port from peaceful protests.
LeeTeuk's laugh makes me laugh. Sounds like Elmo. Haha
Heading to Gatlingburg, TN. Hope to have some good weather and some good times. See you all on the other side.
I don't hate anyone... You have to give a fluck to hate someone.
Great, thank you for the tip, will tune in.
This tweet makes my 14,600 tweet. Yay. Twitter you been real. :-)
good morning gorgeous. How you doing?
You guys rock! Our auction biz loves what you guys do!
Welcome & thanks More great ideas.
I love the #BobKnight discount double check commercial
2 "Ep's" finished this week! Working on 3rd:-)
yoga capri things tomorrow :)
Message me, I don't see you.
yeah, always rocks it.
Sweden is taking its pharmacies private. EU is crumbling. UK has shameful death rate for cancer. ,)
Can't wait
Hey are you at the library talk? "No ethnic cleansing without poetry." -Zizek
“: Life is beautiful. Cherish every moment.” hilarious April fools' day tweet!!!
I love Bobbi Newman's Alice in Wonderland theme for her presentation on learning from failure.
Happy hump day all just a great day ahead....enjoy life
The Casting Office is now an Official Selection of LA WEB FEST!!!
oh look at me im older than that.
up and down everyday. Yeah I'm going through the same crap lol. When you done?
right or wrong, it is a huge driver of perception. We are lucky to have the sports we do. Don't want to be Toledo.
Don’t forget the sunblock if you decided to head outside for some studying in the sun.
ha, ha, yes, running!!! Clears the mind, helps my focus! Nice side bennies for this mama!
Baby Boom? Wonder if it will happen here? Back in the 70s when NYC went dark . . . 9 months later the maternity wards got very, very busy.
The #Chevy #SuperBowl commercials are hilarious. I can't stop laughing
Haha I know right. One of my 1st surprises here was seeing phones carrying 3 SIMs. I'm hoping this trends simplifies.
is Spence on twitter? If so what's his nic? That grossie video had me dieing. CC:
No No No No No No. Have fun with Betancourt.
Thinking about going to sleep!
I've heard the Pixies Where Is My Mind twice today and its only 1:00pm.
Can't wait to see my crew Friday night!! rest up kids!
check out 10,000 days....its a long way from tool in the mid 90's....serious soundscapes, intricacies, and rhythms
How about if the expectation is they don't give away anything that's not on the jacket?
Listening to #WildOnes on repeat.
Contact us if you would like to become a reseller of Inkedibles
- #southpark says #dontlebronme cartman. Props to Trey and matt
#QOTD: “I am an optimist. Any tough problem, I think it can be solved.” Bill Gates (1955 – )
LOVING my internship this semester!!!
Felix Hernandez eating at the Downtown store was a treat for the entire staff. Go M's! Next year will be different. Keep the faith!
Thank goodness I filled out more than 1 bracket
GETTING READY TO FALL THRU DAY PARTY AT LOFT WITH
Ranger game tomorrow! Then Drake the next day!!!!!!!
And here's how your NW metro area senators voted on the stadium: YES: Bonoff, Latz, Rest NO: Eaton, Kruse, Limmer ABSTAIN: Olson
#want RT Next time we'll introduce you to our bottle-conditioned line of craft #cocktails: Cocktails Sur Lie!
Dinner with who has turned into a Washington fat cat.
sorry for a later reply...
Just For A Little Bit .
Well, it's been a good six months since I've been thrown up on. Guess I was due.
That's exactly what it was... one of my husband's favorite things.
#OneDirection is #gorgeous <U+2665><U+2665>
Worked with a 90yr old man recently he walked in with a cane. He was having low back pain. 5 visits later... no cane. :)
when in doubt, hug it out!
Vcu vs cuse in the championship calling it right now
so tired o: im done with finals <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D> YAY !!
have u been America what state
S/O to this kid in my class who turns his mac around after every slide to take a picture of the lecture. At least mute the thing.
agreed I love it!
But is it also nice for ESPN to make it out to be a big deal to hurt the BE image before contract negotiations?
Students on field trips prefer one-to-one device deployment -
Felicity Jones, Kristin Scott Thomas and Tom Hollander Join Cast for Ralph Fiennes’ ‘The Invisible Woman’
Does anyone else on Twitter feel like they are being followed?
I follow a lot of people, hah. Dawkins is out of guilt, I still haven't finished any of his books. I will over winter break!
OK, you've gorged on turkey, watched football, hung with relatives and survived Black Friday. Now, who's up for pizza?
Great! Fingers crossed :D
Give me love like her, 'cause lately I've been waking up alone.
#LAX to #yyc. Looking forward to catching up with friends and family!! Boo shakalaka
Devils, Rangers aren't carrying any baggage - ESPN (blog)
She could be the first if she stops trippin and starts acting right...lma
Some people are saying that there will be more tickets on sale Saturday. Like more vip ones. Since this is just a presale
The #Celtics are just awful without Garnett on the court.
In case I forget to FB tomorrow, Happy Opening Day! Let's go CREW!!!
well my gram norma is here and got me a very pretty purse which is alot of money thanks Grama-Tamya:P ily
THIS is why I love sports! Go !
Home chilling and watching news12 and seen my sister in law with Suzanne very cool
Nice little 5 mile to get me going this morning
way to not fix my typo, and make me look like an idiot.
Follow Back!
Passing thru Baltimore on the way to #saa11 , expecting to see boarding to partake of Amtrak rolling stock fun
Halloween Fun! Bats, Bags & Bones. Make Glow-in-dark Halloween bags & other spooky crafts 3:30-4:30 Oct 21, ages 8-12. 594-5365 to register.
Wow times flies. Thanks for swinging by. My computer decided to crap out tonight but great discussion by everyone!
Watching the #CMAs with my 'roomies'. This looks like a hootenanny! -David
he would find me...I think big slop told on me tho...
I do LOL!
When someone really loves someone they make them the number one thing in their life,and never wanna be apart from them <3~~
yyea , that sick freak
You better not cut your hair jweeein! :(
me too lol. Well let me know if ya need a call. Nite nite play.
I'm not dealing with you lol
Great! Although I just remembered that I left a window open at home, and the dog isn't smart enough to close it for me.
you're gonna look amazing!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> We're hanging out 24/7! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I Roll Witcha
ready to see my team heat it up in the play-offs. GREAT game last night and PLEASE whoop Dallas -can't stand the Mavs!!!
You gotta act like a woman, think like a man.
I got all the symptoms of a girl with a broken heart.
Goodmorning twitter crazy how there is only two more days until my birthday im so excited
please follow me :D 23
Lost big pot. Guy called me dwn with bottom pair oop n raised pot with 3 plyrs left to act & got there...
I can't ask for anyone better than you..so
": SHOUT TO FOR HIS CONTRIBUTION TO THE #BARNATION MIXTAPE..... THIS SHIT SLAPS FAM AND DOES KALIQ HAVE A TWITTER"
Now that you gone don't bring yo white ass back home..
#MentionYourCrush why the hell would i do that?
Can't live without 'em, can't shoot 'em. No middle ground really:)
Did you see the Women and Intellectual history panel reproduced on the USIH website? No comments as yet.
I finally got the privilege of watching home movies last night!! Better than I ever imagined haha
E D D
love it!
The British are here, and they've already said dodgy! #filmcrew at the museum.. My day is made :)
Notice on a church notice board : "Don't keep the faith - spread it around."
Santorum, please keep talking.
Following you! Love to contribute.
Two outs!
"You got your peanut butter in my martini!"
Waking up in the middle of the night, can't fall back asleep.
"The Gizzard" -Jim Reeves
like, also I think a view like that would help me...
Milwaukee Bucks at Indiana Pacers tip-off at 7:00 PM ET #bucks #pacers #nba (Via )
More picks in action: D'Backs, DOdgers/Pirates Under 6.5 and Giants
I'll say it again: same fans calling for Chapman to the rotation now will be the same ones whining when he hits innings limits in Aug./Sept.
Happy First Day of Spring from !
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NOBODY ELSE ~
Will Jeff Van Gundy please be quiet?
Pride and Prejudice with Kiera knightley?
Riding in the cool, new SEPTA train cars. Shiny.
If you're from Miami, cheer for K-State. Head coach Frank Martin is a graduate of Miami High and Cuban-American
Congrats Bonny!!! RT : Congrats ! JetBlue Airways Names Bonny Simi Vice President, Talent - PR Newswire - sacbee.com
All the real fans will love u wether or not u r dating we r here 4 u! Ur amazing the real fans won't send hate 2 any1 I <3 u!
I just talked to the enterprise guy with chili in my teeth #hopehestillcalls hahahahaha
new sonnggggg whadddduppppp :)))))) ( first person to give me their opinion? ) :D
thanks sweetie:) its real talk
Ugh nothing on tv and its yucky outside. Nothing to do
Tonight at the #Pacers game congratulated me on graduating from IU. Chalking that up as a win.
fine. But for the record, get your money ready
probably like a 9.8 becuase its kinda serious too
Denver or Lakers? Game 7... Who will it be?
A job is a place u vist on ur scheduled days N sometimes provide extra time as needed. A career is a comitment of experience N education
u be you...follow ur heart and what is righteous....the rest dont mean shit. Do the little things and you'll be great.
Ok guys, I wanna hear some jokes. Tell me some of the best jokes you got =D
“: are you still going to attempt to ride it tho?” Fuck yeah!
Thanks a bunch!!
Frank Ocean
that's a beautiful thing right thur.
When food is made with love some say you can taste the difference. Deli coffee must be made with raw hatred, broken spirits, and baby tears.
Pei Wei Mandarin Kung Pao is inferior to Spicy in every way. It just tastes like soy sauce.
We also confirmed bin Laden's location thanks to the morons running Sony's Playstation Network.
Unless you're interviewing #suh -
Does data intensive science, as data sets get larger, create lock-in for data storage location and management?
That would be the Easter Bunny. I want that costume. At least the head of it.
Time changes all flavours.....
What's good fam
RT : Stay committed and consistent and you will achieve your goals.
hi gals
Great meeting with about the #Beertowndpdc remount this summer... which is also officially part of 7th annual
social media ROI for libraries- anecdotes can be useful to supplement fb/twitter stats or numbers of fans/followers
I love Instagram so much more than Twitter!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
guess what i picked up for you today!
Hurts my brain to see people that can afford to travel go to shitty places.
Bulls take a 1-0 victory over florida southern. Next up is thomas at 1:30
Too much Red Bull and Monster...
Thanks for spreading the word to vote!!!
I am working to bring Johnny Cakes back down to the Ft. Lauderdale area, do you have any Ska events coming up they can jump on?
Married,not dead. Hot! “: A little gloss & a tuck and you'd hit that right, ? (I know, I know, IF you weren't married,"
I love tessie! Do you have the schedule?
i hear you sista!!!!
LADIES NIGHT!!! 1/2 price drinks for ladies 6pm-close! Who's joining us for drinks!?!
no i stopped talkin to him because i would kinda a homie hopper lol n plus we kinda fell out
my abs hurt. :) a good hurt though.
*Commanding* Go to sleep.
Thanks for the mention!
Caught Josh Reddick-itis. RT : Probably nobody in baseball hitting more at'em balls right now than Kurt Suzuki.
jen from CNN here. Loved Marilyn's talk at the convention, couldn't help but come back for more.
Btw , I love your prom shoes!!
I hate being a nursing student. I constantly think I'm dying. Checking my pulse every three minutes.
Always great to put a face w/ a name - Thanks for the cup of coffee , keep plugging my friend!
For sure. I'm planning on being there next year.
Where did you get The Verge app...?
Currently in hair-limbo. Not sure whether to cut it or leave it.
With that feeling everyone tries to achieve happiness and tries to get rid of suffering, and everyone has the basic right to do this
well come by today and I'll treat you after your nap. Heheh. You can keep me company
I hope Mothers Day was a good one for all my friends and acquaintances. I suspect Phoenix Suns fan Mothers are happier than Spurs Moms. Yay
KT and Melanie look really excited about it! ;)
Well, hated to see the Packers lose Matt Flynn, but excited for the Seahawks. Me thinks they got a good one there. #peytonwho?
Drug store refilling is cheap because ink is not filled under pressure, non OEM ink is used, no new parts, and the cartridge is not cleaned
once will be renewd in next week.or so.. Ringer will depend on cw development.
I'm still awake...I'm craving pop punk, good concerts and uh maybe sleep. #maybe because im also planning a possible life as a comedian
#easyaccess exhibition was a success! Photos coming soon!
i fixed it xD
!!!!!! “ Females be like i do all this and he still treats me bad.:. Bcuz he knws u depend on him for happyness”
followed everyone back :)
We're working on our new web site. Stay tuned!
I'm still on...or am I?
Much love to all my Vancouver girls. I miss y'all and y'all drama.
lol I'm just messin with y'all
Up early about to eat breakfast and then go take this test!!
Thank you! Have a great weekend :)
YEAH GIRL XP
not sure what you mean... What woman on Chiller?
#Yahoo! Jerry Yang finally out. On to greener pastures.
Thank you! It was wonderful, and they were so nice.
i make the plays, never call audibles
Great! I give him the check to give it to you.
I really need to get around to reading Pink's Drive.
meditation changes your mind. Speaking changes your life.
Im Bout To Clean All My Sneakers! Hate Wen they Dirty
man, I hope not. Was barely over the game 7 OT loss last year before all this started. Hope your boys finish off the blueshirts too
LOL this movie is soo hilarious..!!!!
Stagecoach At Gordyville loves Slices Of Life
I should have thought of sending my therapy bills to Maurice Sendak. He's the reason for my childhood depression. RIP
I'm glad I wasn't the only one that saw him holding her hand..
speaking of the letters FF
Today was super chill <3
Do you have a following? Would you like to send them alerts whenever you want, wherever they are...and know that they read them? zesmo.com
If I had money it would all go to Great deals!
Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow; Don't walk behind me, I may not lead; Walk beside me, and just be my friend.
That's one of my favorite strategies! Also, the class number search still works, so I can at least check that.
Hi New York, Hi Seth...stay tuned I have some bone popping club reviews.
Thanks for clearing that up and.... we agree. :)
A huge shout out and #FF to my producer partner He's the best and I love working with him. Wonderful film in the works!!
So, there's actually a chocolate mint plant. We got one today and some of its leaves are right now steeping with the year's first iced tea.
Enjoy them below, and if another quote didn’t make the list but you absolutely love it, please share it with us in the comments
he's human after all.
LOLOL MEGAN CROSS!
yes he did!
Peeniss for life.
RT : “Lord, stamp eternity on my eyeballs.” <U+2015> Jonathan Edwards
thanks lady! brand rules all :)
TRIVIA: What is the name of the classification of crime which is less serious than a felony?
omg Paul's so close to 1 mil! Everyone idc who you are follow right now!
Leaving for AZ Thursday morning to take in some #springtraining2012 baseball. Can't wait!
What a BEAutiful day!
I agree there's much more to be hashed out -- but am heartened to see proposals like this coming from faculty & prof societies!
Yu is nasty!
According to Will Herberg, the Apostolic Writings present Yeshua as a "one-man Israel,"
it's gonna be a good game tonight
I can't freakin' find any!
Oh goodness I totally get that. I was watching the 40 year old virgin once and my dad came out to watch tv. So awkward!
This one is NICE! Pics coming soon!
Somebody call his Mommas and Poppas
Watching now! :)
Im tired of getting layed out when im coming across the middle, it hurts! Any tips?
March Madness.....in December RT Butler!!!!
I'm working on a project at Group Health. Aren't you across the street from me? :)
thank you! Need to schedule another brunch, maybe in June. From "waiting for Clara" to "pass the baby" cc
"I started in radio, and I learned it from (Arthur) Godfrey-- "Just be yourself"...all I could do was just be myself." ~Dick Clark
I hate that song
Expectation is a weakness and vulnerability...
ikr its fuckin ridiculous...I try to listen to 106.7 most of the time
How does the TimeWarner Cable Studios as far as Colleen knows sound?
Awesome! I'm following you now. :-)
If I buy tickets for #RaptureNYE online is it cheaper than on the door? Cheers!
I'd be in the heavyweight or super heavy weight class but I think I'm quicker then most guys my weight
Gregg, thanks for the follow, and the inspiration!
I want to spend time with you. ):
what casino?
Lily Who? O.o
#RT If you said #TGIF This Morning .
RT : President Obama: "America isn’t about a few people doing well. It’s about giving everyone the chance to do well"
you're the one thats been shady
Buy our album on cdbaby.com/twoyearsaga2
Happy MILFY DAY
RT : Awkward moment when your teacher says your name and you look up to see everyone staring at you.. <--- dat happen ALOT to me
you have not tweeted since making me aware of your 1st Chipotle interaction. Have you died from sheer goodness?
Thanks. Enjoy Endeavour's final lift off Monday.
Haha! Yeah, I think I'll pass on that and try and cultivate a less gruesome skill.
tell me the news I gotta bad case of unemployment blues...
PM: "chatter about faceless men is profoundly insulting" ... what about the faceless women? Or is it just the blokes chattering?
Listen if you want to be heard. - John Wooden
I'm freaking pissed...
lololol oh man.
yeah we'll definitely include that (map/directions). I was actually looking at VW's site this morning. They did a pretty good job
This just shows how underrated Chris Bosh is
it's only his 2nd year. He has a whole lot of time to improve, and I think he will. We'll see though
our cars are cleaner.
Always, my friend!
German Taxi's are so nice - Mercedes....
: thanks for following #lifevineworks!
No one has more talent than UK. If you going to beat UK you're going to have to out coach Calipari. Like Huggins in 2010. Baylor had no shot
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend who holds a grudge.
Ah, #Sunday. You always come to quickly and never stick around long enough.
I am thrilled! Can't wait to start creating courses using prfessor.
I can see it. He's a great actor
10 women def #mo'women'mo'money
If you want to fall in love; You have to go through the pain.</3
it is, but I think I should raise the volume
I love fall in LA. Still warm enough to BBQ!
thank you very much! :D
Sunglasses & advil , last night was mad real .
Did you know that we're OPEN 7 DAYS a week?! Call/tweet us or just STOP BY! 1738 Telegraph Ave #Uptown #Oakland 510-832-1100
what'd you get pierced?
Extended takeaway fr Emma Anderson talk on "North American martyrs" was importance of relics for beatificaiton. So if you don't have many u
did come visit you at work yesterday?
lol...yeah, just like you! :-)
I have to say, I've been very impressed with how quickly Yu Darvish has adapted to the MLB. Looking more and more like an ace.
yeah he's a cute kid.
We Thank Everyone For the Support.. www.SNOCLOTHING.com
again wondering when will tweet me just once?
Come, what's keeping you away?
Summer's almost over.If I could be any animal, I'd be a bear.That way I could sleep through the winter and wake up when the weather is warm.
Whitney Houston died??!
Mortal Kombat and Karate Kid are both ok tv. Yeah I'm watching it lol
RT : "who we are is reflected back to us by those who love us."
Getting ready to go out :D
it's really the overly high concentration of Rand and Hubbard in the top 10 that disturbs and depresses me.
Donors saw cash as imporsonal, disconnected, can't see results.
Prepping to teach first Lib class of the semester. Tomorrow. Noonish. I'm ready. Mostly.
Getting ready for our homecoming show at Kelly's Olympian tonight!
In digital age, it makes no financial sense to cut down trees, entire process of producing newspaper.
This girl got me watching these previews all over again
Is Rick Reilly right in his article that entire team is on board with Orton as QB1? And how much u playing on thursday?
I have lost so much sleep this week.
Leaders have a different thought process--do more than think about being a leaders--learn how to become one! www.leadershipRising.com
: I hope it's a small fluffy bus with clowns... and beer.
there is a difference between delivery and performance, they are NOT the same thing. PPL need to realize that
thank you. Pray for me.
Thrilled to venture back into the academic world as both teacher and student!
You'll see mine come in!
[Quick Poll] How are you enjoying NYC's Spring weather? Visit to the Bronx Zoo? Lunch on the patio at your favorite restaurant?
up early to ride my motor bike! who needs a ride?!
And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music
This isn't news to me nor is it surprising, but Chicago Fire fans apparently view the rivalry with #SportingKC as a "comical farce"...
Lol! You should ask about christina hendricks bust size... ;-)
Conference week for the warriors. get fresh, get ready
Aw look at all those sweet babies!!!! Love dis!
I was hungry. I wanted my food..... Now!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Did you know you may be able to deduct your health insurance costs in computing self-employment taxes?
Great to have the LinkedIn ap
Coffee would be perfect! Thanks!
My human keeps trying to comment on that article - what a fun read - but something's not working.
I wish I had a yuxury yacht.
You annoy me. So very much. Ps. Thanks for the dirty looks again today
How can I properly make fun of Paula Deen if I can't read her wikipedia page first?
Just found out that I won tickets to the Kraftwerk exhibit at It's not a concert, but I'll take it!
I am about to take my kid to a pool party for the next 3 hours. I will be required to make small talk with strangers. Pray for my sanity.
You're Single. Im Single. I Like You. You Like Me. Am I Missing Something?
I DEE KAY
Yes! RT : We can assume there were founding mothers whispering smarter things in ears of the founding fathers - Obama.
Setting up a new Macbook is the least chore-ish chore there is.
Looking forward to viewing it. Thank you for wanting to share your expertise.Way to go N holding!
brah brah hit me up fool
Way to go Aggies! Nice job!
I feel happy.(:
RT : It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect It's successful
I hope u fellas r serious cuz this sounds like a good time
ALL GOOD.
smh, just another twitter tough guy who can't stand the fact they might be wrong. You stay classy.
hahaha that's where I was going to go tomorrow for the weekend, but couldn't afford it!
YEAH....LETS DIRECT THE ANGER TO !!!
I hate the c word! (cancer) please Help those that are going through this God
: confirmed twitter profile reader
#oomf paranoid lbdas I feel bad
If you have any questions email Thanks!
I dont agree with it.. This is the NFL where the points are a premium. Who gives them away? Giants win
Tomorrow, January 4th, Hierosonic enters the studio to begin production on the next full length album. Updates and more throughout the month
Aww shit trapped in the closet just came on MTV jams
Votto had his own cereal???? My turn. Here comes Jarios
If you don't follow what are you doing ladies!?
Bring Back Ringer
Grind time lets go
Go to familyandlifesolutions.com to see me on Fox 23 this morning. I explain what behaviors predicate divorce and what can be done at it!
Oh, hello book club and drunkski Thursday night.
Greetings from an Emerson class of '73 alum.
Feels slightly voyeuristic catching up on 's
Thank you for the follows
Oy vey. Holy cow. Oh my God. Wow.
I won't forget your generosity *in my best Godfather voice* #ImWeird :>
I suppose if it's in the name of science!
can you please do another twitcam? (: i missed it last night.):
Cool down at Jazz Under the Stars TONIGHT @ 7pm. Cocktails, yummy goods from the Cooperage and great MUSIC!!! See you soon!!
TV Prices Fall, Squeezing Most Makers and Sellers
Man, every time i hear Jenny from the block, i always hope that just once it would say Jackson from the block.
A few weeks of Bullying in Schools can seem like years to a student going through it...be a Champion #friends, NOT a By-Stander
not ok.
Getting excited for the Kentucky Derby!!!
Updated logo?
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw, affairs although very hard on a marriage are often a symptom and not a cause.
Very cool...good luck and let me know how it goes!! :)
This is such a nice restaurant thanks
now i'm Fina clock out.
me talking to my mom: her: i'd expect you to have an creative wedding. If you get married. me: If?? her: well you never know...
Dear just because we have a weather station doesn't mean we control the weather! I know you're happy Fremont was the hottest though
Arm wrestling occurring over who gets to attend
Congratulations also to UF history professor Alice Freifield, who received an appointment from the Woodrow Wilson International Center 2012!
Let's kill some undying!
Learn to Give A Fuck less. Life is less stressful that way people...
RT : From and me: Peyton Manning will be next QB of the Denver Broncos barring unexpected snag in contract talks
thanks :D i have another one but i have to wait till tomorrow to put it up :/ so whats up?
Some kid bought me a taco :D
Good morning world! I'm going to edit chapter one today!!
Surrounded by a gang of uneducated girls is the worst. Should be illegal. No common sense at all. Really? Waste of talent. Lol.
I curse too damn much shaking my got damn head
Okay. Here's a hint. Clear your schedules March 23rd-27th.
Yay! You're the best! : you all have my express permission to leave work early.
God blessed me in more ways than I deserve. I just pray he continues to forgive me and bless me.
Welcome back!
"Declare interdependence, not independence." It's an evolution, not another revolution. The web is humanity's next step
a small price to pay for peace. You're a good man, Charlie Brown.
I can't wait to get a day off..
exactly! been nice if we were in paris w/ a certain somebody. must be nice to be fine and rich.
It hasn't escaped me that casting of Mary and Matthew is purposefully visually reflective of Prince William & Cate.
Lol I'll be in town June 1-10th : We need to have an HHC reunion with all the old heads. I'm technicall ...
Unfortunately no, he does not follow me :( And no problem(:
Tweetdeck and are NOT on the same level
thanks.I would love to get in at the Univ. For the rest of the perks.
Charles for sure. Charles is the best player on his offense, McCoy might be the third best. Charles will get more touches
What are you doing to chase away those no-football-blues?
Late night hypes...
go assume yourself a google image search you lazy fack
how did imake that
Yeah Guyz OMG tomorrow is Justin Bieber birthday he is growing so fast WOW
yah and only you and borat still do this "...not" douche!
Thinking of #new #bday #partyideas for your child during #springbreak? We offer #cupcake #decorating parties! Call us for details!
Blair Johnson's two-RBI double extends South Alabama's lead to 5-0 in the bottom of the second.
give me a sharpie & a blank piece of paper.
I went to Wal-Mart to buy shampoo. Spent $150 and forgot the shampoo
Now for a college paper... Smh
you're lying! haha :) love ya <U+2665>
Ack! Hope you brought ponchos.
going to a athletics meet at school right now.(:
Nothing better than a lazy football sunday layin around in bed
Amen. RT : "I would not only like to thank god but jesus" for making such perfect guys for me and ?
“ Lets be honest #Browns fans TH is NAILING this draft filled 3 MASSIVE craters in 24hr period” Not angry about these picks
#RandomFact Banging your head against a wall uses 150 calories an hour.
lol.. I like plies
i love how nothing in my interactions hasn't changed in 7 hours....
#ncdpi WL ES We are rating each world language essential standard for it's cognitive difficulty based on Bloom's Revised Taxonomy
#WFFConf12 Thank you Julia Stewart for all you do to inspire us all to aspire higher!
thanks to C.F. for the shout out!
I work consistently with only guys. One theatre though, mainly wmn. It's not a period or hormone thing you might be experiencing
Thank you!! Anticipating more soon :)
The childhood madness for cricket is gradually deteriorating. Now it's Football!!! Ready for the kick-off nd 90 min action..:D:D:D
Thank you Wanderlust, you were AMAZING. Back to my SF peeps for Tuesday Nights FLOW.
Taking Walker to Red Mile around 1230. Anyone want to join me?
saw you and the cast tonight, awesome dancing and an awesome night! Big fan from SYTYCD. Happy to have you in NY!
Josh Wyatt sucks at everything.
Does anyone know the ap world outline pages for this week?
Me too! I live I'm an apt
Can someone come pick me up asdfghjkl dkfnr
Check out our new layout pic - aren't we cute?
aw thanks. <3 but no, no i'm not..
Check out ! Best parenting and teaching tool on the web! Mobile apps, too! Parents love it! Have a great weekend!
Thanks for the LOVE!
hey you how have you been??have not seen you here in awhile?? :)
Sometimes, you just don't have the time to play with trolls. That's when you just zap them buh-bye.
Fucking two bad bitches at the same Damn time
Restaurant marketing is more than just telling people to eat your food because it’s cheaper and it tastes better than others....
haha touché ! Good game man hope rest of season goes well!
Ass so fat I need a lap dance
that's right!! And I knew that. Wait, is also the 4th!!!
Sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex sex that's the most sex some of you have encountered lately.
I'm eating birthday cake flavored oreo cremes and drink milk from a sippy cup. Boom
Thrilled to be competing on behalf of this weekend in an adventure race outside Denver w/ ,
Why would you if the partnership doesn't benefit you in any way? Last I checked Levi Strauss was doing just fine before WM.
Giving the beat down in FIFA
I am so proud of your work. It was truly TRANSFORMATIVE!! You reminded me once again film can change the world. /via
Somebody BBQ I want a brat!
This semester is probably going to be the death of me. Plus side, I got all the books from organized!
My sister lost the battle with cancer last night. Thank you for all your prayers!
#StatusTv is still on top as one of the leading video squads here in Chicago.. Our resume speaks for itself. THIS IS WHAT WE DO!!!
it's the mustache
HOLY SHIT! BLACK OPS 2 IS GOING TO BE IN THE FUTURE!? Dat hype train!
time to play xbox live for the rest of the day:)
i think you could pull it off
It's the Kindle daily deal!
As will I! RT : Mint Juleps? I'll Have Another!
Debating if I'm hitting the town 2nite! #hm<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
when the pillow's hot and you flip it over to the cool side >>>>>
KATHY how you been? Happy New Year and BLESS YOU! keep a lil UNITY in your heart!
Now off to excited to see what Landon Schoenefeld will be preparing!
the little shit!
that sucks girl! It's so hard when you want to believe the good in people but the truth is u just can't!
thanks much.
follow dis kid I just met in Gct with the ill glitter swag!
that's just wrong! Are you paying? Hell, if you are paying, I'll mow it!
Trying to get a Kent bobblehead, i cant decide
Yes, it's actually really good. RT : Should I download Adam Lambert's new album?
Thankful I live in the United States because I am
Last Chance to submit your Feel Life entry!
#bettywhite always bringin class and good humor to the
RT : You can't exceed expectations if you've never established them in the first place << yes!
Thanks for not inviting me.
hey its the j man. looking forward to playing with you guys again next month
"We work to become, not to acquire." -- Elbert Hubbard
i went sledding. c:
That's the reason for the question mark in the title! The issue is who gets there first in a way, so I want people to think about it.
Opening day
that's cause we live in a different reality than they do.
The Fray actually just did some cool shit on the national anthem
It feels great to be able to be actively engaged in both my passions as an educator and musician. I give thanks.
this account is cute, i'd date it
#FF #Music #Art #Dogs #Cats #WashingtonDC #Rocks!
we did that last week too. :( this week it's in post.
Sure thing, , happy to help
my arguments with my parents never make sense.
My value is not measured on pounds
It's official, I suck at soccer.
2mrow THURS come enjoy a FREE COSMO on us from 8pm - 9pm! **while supplies last**
Today, I will love myself. If I get caught in the old pattern of not liking myself, I will find a way to get out. -Melody Beattie
leave my ppl alone....
Determined to make this week as not-awkward as possible. Which will probably result in it being super awkward.
what a frigging catch! And I hate the Yankees. Damn he is good
hm... thinking about doing some xmas shopping tonite, will the mall be crazy?
I haven't felt this way in such a long time. It might be temporary but it feels so damn good. =D <3
please follow my new account ! RT!!
"Fall cleaning" is like spring cleaning... but in anticipation of filling my house with sweaters etc (so making room).. :)
"The Artist" discards the climax from the film's original score in favor of the temp track, and still wins best score? Bad precedent.
Or "sincerely, Haiti"
GoodMornin s/o to everyone
yea & if someone commet on it they get mad. U put it out there
Yep. We both agreed that it's the best program, best chance for funding, and we can make Atlanta work.
thats true man, that is the year they blamed alot of the collapse on Plaxico.
Everyone falls in love sometime <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0091>
Favorite driving song right now? GO!
Very tired from doing tons of studying for finals next week
Does any Political Journalists or News Junkies care to discuss the Pres General Election?
absolutely! I saw a job description that asked for 10 years experience in social media marketing (FB, Twitter, etc.)
excited to bring vibes to Oakland, along side and &
Today is the part that sucks about poet residences. The wrap up.
Hanging with the incredible "Michael Grant"!!!!
RIP Steve Jobs
Making badass website.
339,000 lost an all in pre other than that card dead. Had Anthony Soprano Jr at my table but it broke and I'm at 330 seat 8
#SometimesIJustWant my parents to leave me alone. They make big deals out of a LOT of things that are nothing. <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
I do the best buns ever!
we love you! Happy Birthday
Google Beefs Up Apps Script for Docs
Shaq would be the dude who gets bored and gives up before it's over RT : If we were playing Monopoly, Kenny would be the hat.
Support The Plug Exchange by Jelly Chokehold; "junk jeweler"
thanks you too ^_^
Thanks for your support and helping us help these kids! All kids deserve to be happy
RIP Davey Jones.
Come cheer us on tomarrow night at the Homestead Race track for Test and Tune our Beds for thew Coconut Grove Bedraces 2010
Ensure that your general dealings with your #dog encourages balance and tranquillity in him
Hope this hug helps. Hugs.
From a transcript: "those of us who aren't lawyers are kind of afraid of you guys. I mean lawyers are -- you know, they can sue you"
dont feed me that American moral bullshit, no the fuck were not faggot and being black two different things girl
We'd love to feature u as a daily deal on Promoted to over 20k students in San Diego. Interested?
I predict is very happy in two years with TCU commit Jamie Byrd out of Pasco. He can be nasty.
Don't let stupid get in your way.
The complete, unabridged FORSYTE SAGA is now available!! 28 CDs for only $49.95! This, and more, at www.audiobookcontractors.com
Check out www.CigaretteCinemas.com for the latest The Mondays #webseries trailer, pictures from sets, and blogs from the crew.
Feeling sorry for myself and for society that I can't talk about my latest poems without being extremely vulgar as they are vulgar.
Dinner actually went good :) both families got along :P
Frances Richard reads w/ Miranda Mellis this Friday the 23rd at Unnameable Books in Brooklyn.
Sitting on my porch making websites at 4 am?
music as usual!!! And thx for asking btw!!!!
Shheesshh. Don't have a hernia!
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)12
Why, yes, I would rather be asleep, thank you....
What is Q8?
R.I.P MCA it will never be the same without you
Hey guys were in skoo learning things
Agreed. Just saying I've accumulated a lot of detritus in my FB friends. This is a good opportunity to start with a clean slate.
Happy Wednesday! How is everyone's week so far?
Anyone else see the illogic in this: "The officials spoke on the condition of anonymity to avoid pre-empting the announcement."
i can't live my life for nobody else's but me .
#WhenIWasALittleKid RUGRATS Was The Best Show In The World, And 5 Dollas Made Me Think I Was Ballin Lol !
Just got back from a great Acceptance Journey training at work from Diverse & Resilient
Holla i see you and love you!!
Great - let me know the details. Would love to check it out.
it's okay <3
stupid dreams!
- Okay Goodnight < 3
Agatha Christie "The secret of getting ahead is getting started."
Mercury retrograde go bye, bye. Game on!
Foley: 'I Choose to Be Glass Half-Full'
You got paid to say that, right?RT: Wow Black Eyed Peas killed it!!!
Hurt people, hurt people.
So how're you all?
We are currently not planning on conquering the world. – Sergey Brin
#rappernames When the world says,"Give Up!" Hope whispers,"Try it one more time".
Whoa...typing too fast...We mean Sloane's dad.
Out of all the Mash-up artists currently, I definitely think is the best so far. Been jamming that mixtape all day
with this <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
already is. Belgium requires retina signatures for their citizen's passports.
Justin Timberlake got to slap Kobe on the ass. There is no justice in the world.
Nah....I took the last buffalo jerky, yesterday.
7 minutes left...
thanks! And nope, I didn't forget my password :-)
hahah, shuddup! that wasn't even my job, i did it to be nice, lololol.
no way am I missing Alvin Risk in Londontownnnn
Thanks for reading our book. Do let us know what you think.
Who does laundry at this hour of the night? This girl does
I'm wearing my contacts today.. My class will be like " omg where your glasses?" hahaha
will Grape and Bean carry your Rwandan?
We enjoy your tweets! RT : Thanks for the #FF!
Cats fed.
well we will be in town for your next one. LOL
Tweeting, cycling, iPod playing the best Prince playlist ever and it's sunny. Yes!!!
Stop tweeting already
That's a good post...and yet I aspire to the Golden Ticket!
You sandbagin' son of a bitch! You old sailor you...
i like your new video... You was sexy !
thanks meg!! Litle before mile 5 and doing decent!
I wish to weep but sorrow is stupid. I wish to believe but belief is a graveyard.
amazon's outage was bad. we get it. rinse, repeat and please STFU. oh and stop fucking using the word "cloud". thanks.
yo how are you?(:
the princess diaries is such a good movie
#Ivewalwayswantedto try drinking my own urine.
Mob wives<3
how're you liking Downton?
Classes are forming now. To reserve your spot, call us at 505-888-0747
i emailed it to you
So busy
-20 is horrible lol . They better act cute now !
White girls politican that's the Sara Palin
How many corny rhymes are left? Stay tuned, as Drake & Nikki Minaj discover & perform them all.
Wow someone just pimp slap someone Else for a parking spot @ the Aventura Mall.
whrn i ot home i cried thy night. i hATE BITCHES AT MY SCHOOL SO MUCH
Stay free maxi pad! When it's the time of the month Boo Boo, put this right by your who who! Stay free maxi pad! Hahaha
you're right, it probably was only 1. In that case...Gonzalez is leaving him in the dust!
damn why philly gettin ran like dis
It's working now.
REMEMBER you are conscious light, let it shine!
its not cause where human and where scared of that feeling we fight it
HEY A LITTLE BIRDIE TOLD ME THAT CAPS GETS YOUR ATTENTION SO SINCE THAT I GOT YOUR ATTENTION, PLEEEASSE FOLLOW ME!!!(: <333
Two shows of support for Candye Kane!! The first, Wednesday March 21 at Croce’s Restaurant & Jazz Bar
Haha. :] Nice. You are now special . ^_^
I didn't understand most of Katy Perry's Grammy perf. - or the blue hair. But I remember my Dad's opinion of Elton John. Uh oh - I'm old.
Hope everyone had a fantastic weekend!! Today is 4 gram 1/8th day!
Time to read something.
#FRIED PICKLES !
Yall understand how many THIRTY is?? The closest person got 11!! Smh..that's still blowing me
Responded to FIRE @ 167 Post Ave, Westbury, NY 11590. Red Cross auto update.
What's Gucci
haha, yeah! what've you been doing lately? a mess of video prod?
Rob Ingram came through for us today. The summit was amazing and also a beautiful day. And it truly was life-changing.
thanks for the support guys ^_^
of course.
just need 2 make sure buck is def coming back next year right?
For the fashion-clueless among us, can you describe mom-jeans? Now I'm terrified that I may own a pair.
the round red fox waslked over the tired dog.
My weddings coming up. Beautiful Milwaukee brides!! Oh and of course Summerfest :)
Janitors' march leaving, heading down Westwood.
of course you knew
Trust Issues
"Mystery is the catalyst for the imagination... There are times when mystery is more important than knowledge." -J.J. Abrams
I just had a dream that I was forced to eat a hot dog. Now I feel really sick. Groundbreaking, I know.
You all have opened our eyes to lots of things you go through. Were gonna keep makin the music that makes it a little bit better
RT : Whoever on the sidelines seeded #flipcams to players was succesful, huge unpaid placement value
yea happy hallowen
I am babysitting fuh the day and these children will make me turn old before my age
28% of Ancestry subscribers in a monthly package, 42% in a premium package . . .
I just heard some of the worst singing in my life on the radio. thought is was a joke but is serious. It's called
We are currently getting many, many calls for mosquito control in Milwaukee, Madison, Appleton and Rockford...they are something fierce!
Hola Sat..Shall We Rock?
And to that I don't know what to say
I have absolutely nothing to do this summer except for 2 weeks in July 1 I'm going to camp, then the other is (c)
Freedom by Jonathan Franzen was great.
Thought it was me
lol I was just thinking the same thing
why wait till spring? Adopt now :)
Morning peeps headed to work in the rain
I wouldn't be surprised if they crashed various servers with pre-orders.
YES Green Beer 4 everyone! RT : Les go #SatNightDanceFactory I'm up now hosted by Happy St pattys Night!
In Austin today for a gig. Return to the set of I Am Gabriel on Saturday. Shooting 5 scenes! Busy day.
Happy 420 ents have a wonderful day!!!
when do you think one for the money will be out on DVD? All the theaters where I live stopped showing it already.
It'd be nice to see some sincere generosity & have students stop selling their free concert & graduation tickets for insane prices.
Melissa Haberman, UW Colleges Financial Aid Compliance and Training Coordinator.
uhm...that was supposed to say CHECKED IT... :-)
I'm all worn out from HBO. Roller coasters and really uncomfortable sex scenes. Also, I don't buy that anybody eats a cupcake near a shower.
Merry Christmas Eve everyone!
Awww I have 2 very sick little boys 1 has #strepthroat & the other also has strepthroat & a double ear infection
I hate when I struggle getting my thoughts on paper. It drives me to such a dangerous level of anxiety. Gender, sexuality, L, G, B, & T! Ah!
you took the words out of my mouth when you commented on georges dog addiction
Ow! How did you hurt yourself? Feel better!
Hiya! Thanks for the follow ;)
I would define beauty as love, kindness, humility.
<U+2764>s my wife
it's true! good thing I left though. am now officially sick. boo. learn the words to rah rah rasputin!
new england date for what...?
We always have a theme. Makes it more fun!
Twitter signed a lease in Detroit's growing technology district in a building recently rebranded, dubbed M Big news for that market.
My mom is the queen of grudges she still mad I ate her last slice of pie...when I was 3 lmao.
Snatch mode ;)
I was at someone's house, golf was on and I woke up hours later not knowing what day it was
HA i just soundedl like a hick but ya
I will be at the Channel Inn, tomorrow in Washington D.C for my book signing! Hope to see you all there! It starts at 5pm
Are you a #Chargers fan?
That's what I say!! Ok, we get some more space..well, you should have known people! LOL! :)
Yes, absolutely. Give a place to send.
no i meant why do I live with my crazy ass family. But yes you is a
I'm greatly disappointed! I need some soothing graffiti to calm my ass down today.
13 more days till its your birthday!!!
Damn clippers playing like the lakers
seriously? Some chick wants 2 be a doctor & had NO clue until 2day about Moss? I call BS. Get w/the pgm for real! Woo hoo!
And duel pianos! Idol stepping up its budgets!
Happy Birthday Sweetie :)
Should've kept to what we said, we would've been better off.
Z has his work cut out for him. I didn't think macklin would make it past 6.
My stomach hates me!!
Nice, let me know if you ever need a "dodgy Brit" for your films. ;)
Can't wait to see what ?'s you come up with... Hope to have something on the treatment next!!!
thanks randy... :)
Have to go back to court at 1:30pm... the judge gave them more time. haha- for nothing b/c they have nothing. We have this case beat!
Amazing lunch with and GWSB Living Team! Thank you for a great time and conversation!
yes, overall a solid platform, the 1 drawback is the transaction costs at $9.95, a little high vs. comp
umma rep Texas \m/
created an app for that helps them document their events/trips.
LOVE ME
I like her friend though...that's Fergie bro
I'm in
Omg..got robbed the other night got some of my stuff back thanks to my bro!
RT : I can buy a flight for that price RT : RT/ Every DTLR store will carry Lebron 9 Elite "South Beach" The cost will be $250
That is exciting... I love Trader Joe's!!
Thank you, #Boston and everyone that made our Vertical Fashion Show opening possible! & many more!!
girl look at that body (3x) I-i-i work out! (:
Caps score!!!!
I want summer!
Before going to the concert though i told Donte straight up that i would leave him in a heartbeat for Drake.
gives a $10,000 to Thank you do much and welcome to the community Lowes!
I DIDNT REALIZE WAS FOLLOWING ME THIS MADE MY WHOLE LIFE OMFG FLIPPING AND HAPPY YAYYYYY!!!!! :D
Operational definitions. Key to problem solving. DMAIC MT : failure to reach a consensus on defining Al Qaeda never more evident.
lol I heard!
Does A Salvatore count??(;
ah ha! that counts!
i guess my lul sistah mad etd what i tld ha but oh well
Found out I'm going to the PGA Championship in August at Whistling Straights - Sunday!
Alright, but not too much on Queen Ci please! :) RT : whatever! I was sale #4, so I'm entitled to state the obvious
May the 4th be with you...Happy star wars day!
no cats will ever be allowed in our apt. Can't wait to snuggle!
yea! and its pretty much been amazing ever since!
You shoulda asked me about Lampley's show. I watched baseball instead. He is one of the guys is talking about.
days you wish you were tall :(
thanx bro! He's amazing and crazy lol
Had a great nite :)
Today is gonna suck ass
Two thoughts from the #NFL playoff weekend.
you want to use my ice skate?
on top of the excitement of having you on the show has just jumped on
Absolutely LOVE !
Awesome band!
I love u very much an can't lose u at all
We're not going to be adding an all-star type player into the mix
My teams combined for a total of 6 this weekend but I am on a cruise ship just off Cabo so I just don't care. Much anyways.
#Reedsburg Independent named official City of #Reedsburg newspaper, official #Sauk County newspaper.
I'm only speaking the truth(;
is more fun than a barrel of bokeh!
no true..I like the bulls and the clerics
I promised my best friend we will go to the #Pool today its #Sunny out there <U+2600> but I guess am not gonna make it really tired
'Every winner has scars.' -Herbert N. Casson
I love seeing you walking around but the minute youre out of my sight I pray you trip and fall
Follow me I will follow back
All the end of the day , all you have is yourself
Can't wait to get a mani <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085> and pedi<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A3>
Thanks for the follow. Excellent quote from Thoreau.
feel better!!!
The same as every day, trying to keep up with a fast changing industry and loving it.
HEALTHCARE-Order your book today! Start your own healthcare reform now! www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Finally control your healthcare.
Red. Hot. Chili. Peppers.
another OT. Here we go!!
Wanna know how tired that work out got me? I'm too lazy to get up to eat. Dang
Today @ 3:Bruce Hornsby Teaches U Sociology in Song on the Legends of Rock Today At 3pm
West Kansas makes Louisiana look like The Bahamas
Sleep? Nah, Weeds just got to real!
#YouKnowBetter than to be cheating with your mans father...Smh
NO BLAH PAULA.
Now if only can go back to the old pricing....
okay until u get ur head on straight about whos better i wont talk to you
nice! What do you use on the snare?
I ordered something online and had to give my number so in the comments section I wrote the lyrics to Call Me Maybe. I regret nothing.
Right here? ;;
There’s no better way to end your day at #drupa than with a special performance by du Soleil starts 45 mins – hall 8b
We would love to have you! It should be fun!
Final prep for #GoodFriday message Come join us at 7pm as we prepare ourselves for Easter!
#EventTips The most important part of a Dinner Party is the menu. Your choice of food and theme can make or break this type of event...
Going to tonight with some hot ladies for a Bachelorette party! Love #roofdecks, especially ones in Philly:)
Reality just set in.
TalentGuard thought for the day: A truly happy person is one who can enjoy the scenery on a detour.
Austin should really tell us how we know if we got m&g or not for his concert June 22nd... :)
woot! the cake was so good I actually can't finish it. I get the same reaction from fudge too.
Thank you for braving the elements today and coming in for our fish sandwich. Hope to see you again soon!
aw thanks:') .. Yea I hope he does call :).. Aww glad I meet a mahomie lik you.:)
Just curious, why are you not considering an Android based phone?
Yes. A great moment with his family in attendance, and in front of Angel fans. Baseball connects people like no other sport.
I didn't screw it up, I made it better; Chili Powder Bitch!
We have performances for different #Chicago artists. All you need to do is apply to be part of one ;) We'd love to see your work!
check out my boys at , theyre doing great things for the DR just like is doing for Romania
Had my first official "Bridezilla" moment today...all in the name of Bacon-Wrapped dates for though :)
In situations unpredictable stay cool everything will play out perfect if you play your cards right.
just changed my twitter name to
gogogogogo do your thing
Invitation to connect on LinkedIn
wow, quite the jetsetter. have a great flight!
“: #Follow Back #Done #welcome” Thnx
my dog decided to wake up at 4:30 so I had to get my lazy ass up too lol
I can still sleep for another halfy... Eff
im cold
Pride is just one of those things, sometimes you have to swallow it when all you want to do is spit it out.
We hope that's enough for us to get our share ;) see you there!
Ordinary Girl + Natural Talent + True + Amazing Family + Amazing Fans = Teen Inspiration & Idol = Demetria Devonne Lovato <3
how many suits do you own ?
Headin to Muncie for Kyle's graduation. Got the D800 ready for some action.
my parents had those plates
"We all get distracted. Question is...will you bounce back or bounce backwards?"
sweet dreams. Goodbye =)
throwing at the head may be illegal off the field, but so is Ray Lewis tackling people! On-field action diff than off
Wow. Happiness is getting four 5-star reviews from well-knows review sites for THIS TIME FOREVER, my Civil War saga set in Chattanooga, TN.
just came in my mind #jammin to GodsGirl777
I'm available all of next week -- pick a day that works for you!
no I have this app that is called foursquare. The more checken have you can be major and get special deals
NATIONAL LAB DAY TODAY!
I talked to Bert wooton about him going to the berrics to film his recruit and I think its gonna be one of the best yet.
This is awesome. You have an amazing team. Go Team Blake!
Happy birthday !!!!
: Thanks, Rob! Appreciate the encouragement. Back at ya!
can u pls teach me how to be a SOCIALIST?
what's the most calculated investment you have made on shark tank and whats your favorite shark tank generated business?
Freddie McGregor performing LIVE @ the #VintageReggaeWinterFest TOMMOROW FEB 19TH Miramar, Florida. Live Streaming online will be available
Really excited to see Jersey Boys tonight! Haven't been to a live musical in ages!
Fighting back all these mixed feelings.
so today i have a "field trip" from school to lowes (pretty much just walking up a hill)
Kirk Cameron should move in with Arnold and teach him piety and how to keep his little friend in his pants
yes, that's y people luv him rt Yes he definitely is. That was very classy what he did.
That's very true
thanks for the RT! the vid dropped two days ago
I watched it this AM! It's sad but there r causes here in the US that need as much attention. The US cannot save evr1
:) we best be having our hang out night soon
Monday seems to show up each week, rain or shine! :-)
Got it!! Thanks BB...how often can we vote???
Mane...Um Coolin' Tonight!
Yeah! 5K down, next year the mini?
#LongShot Anyone have experience with the CA single member LLC form 568 with isn't playing nice, leaves out answers to half the Qs
Thanks! We appreciate it :)
go cuss out the principles :b
it was a lazy day/errand day over all, it was cool.
Alicia G. & Joe.
Yes, after the fact. We do have a few twitter feeds as a way to get out news fast (phys library-- Physics News) w/o web editing
What? Your getting married?
What comes easy, won’t always last. And what will last, won’t always come easy.
what about kazoos?
What up girl? Happy Thursday. #ifuhavesomethingtosay #textme!
'i would be proud to adopt a korean baby with you' - , the most romantic thing anyone has ever told me
Have a great day!! Good luck w/ your books!! Will want to learn more about Green Living!
Is that even legal?!
yea so wyd?
The Messenger cover looks GREAT!
Appreciate the RT! Thanks!
Jon, how is London? I'm hoping to be produced there!!! Matthew
Day 4 of the NJCAA Region XIV Tournament is now set to get underway. Texarkana/Navarro will be leading things off. Loser is eliminated
Working perfect 10 today/night, sugarsperfect.com, Austin.
let me know when you do :))
Q1 Easier to get access to the print encyclopedia than wait 2 hours to use the public computers.
Morning to you :)
Good morning people. In the words of U2, "it's a beautiful day". Wishing you all fantabulous one. :-)
consider it done
Using the line "I get money" is not going to inspire the chick to talk to you!!!
if u only knew, only knew....
Made it through my entire workday without looking at my Twitter. Spent my entire workday on Twitter.
Ha! throw on the Kevlar vest and stay away from the windows.
We're the Sunday Spotlight band at the Nashville this Sunday. It's a full band show from 630-730pm.
Just saw Ahmed Carroll was traded to Arizona. ...of the
Watching #ronswanson eat steak is funnier than an entire season of
Went out to my car, smoked a bowl, came back to my office, shut the door, and youtubed curren$y. Yupp.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand people in Walmart
I feel so out of the loop
Haha no way ;)
hahahahaha didnt get away with it huh
remind me to see you a link later.
It was great to finally meet you, Nathan! It was good to run into you, Steve and Ricky! :)
but I gt one now
that's wassup, anyway nice to meet u, keep in touch
I gota headache! Time to lay dwn for a min.
fantastic job! Glad you're saving some juice for tomorrow. We'll see you bright and early
Lol favorite quote by , "Let the paramedics suck you." haha
Awe, my video got a dislike. :(
thanks for RT!
I like the 'made in egypt' Lmfao!!
yea i will! :) thank you!
And I'll remember all the words to songs, up until about 2002 or so. Oh, and Smashing Pumpkins.
The problem with making 's really good granola is that you have to make it so frequently. Because you eat nothing but it.
Advice for a novice real estate investor
yes i did and i liked it lol
Did I just hear say "...and I want to stay here (#Detroit) forever..."???? YYYYYEEESSSS!!!!!
NO not a deftones show. But they played deftones in between awful el paso metal bands.
I need to find a job. I just finished school and still can't find a job.
Give a gift of a beautiful room with a Protect Gift certificate! Just ask us how!
How are things going? I took a mini Twitter break, but I'm back now :)
Happy Sunday! Here in Portland, OR we are still under cloudy skies and rain.... Who is lucky to get the sunshine today?
<U+0094>If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary.<U+0094> Jim Rohn
We can't wait to see how 's mud-paint project turns out!
The down and dirty on the 'new iPad' Here's the nitty gritty on "the new iPad" announced by Apple in San Francisco today.
happy friday
So, we'll all have to go out this weekend or something... Cinco de Mayo!!!
haha that's true I suppose
that seems like the future of PTSD treatment as well (with a modified application).
#RIPSteveJobs You left your mark on our desks, on our ears & in our hands. Our thoughts & prayers go out to the family & friends.
Great news! Five more years of on ! Today is a good day : )
I just drank a bottle of red wine....on accident
Saw a shirt at Dicks today, on the clearance rack. Someone doesn't know the return policy I guess...
haven't tried that yet. Thanks for a promising coping strategy.
At #livestrong challenge in #Davis for #pancreatic #cancer action network . Perfect day
How is it tht U can rate service of the best cafe in town online but the customer (patient) is never asked abt a hospitals service & quality
flying out to Monterey to visit
finally feeling like a real person again
Amy Levine: #FCC has long advocated creative uses of #spectrum in #healthcare, other places to drive #adoption,
Sweet. Waiting for the bus I pulled off "novation" for 80. Great word.
Badgers looked great today in a tough road win at IL.
RT if u agree that kony should be stopped!
oh man. The implications.
Anti-Fraud: The highest form of control is knowing when to let go and hire an expert!
Happy birthday to my child -> <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> big hug child !
Bah--shoes are highly overrated. Unfortunately, I'm going to be on vacation next week, but I hope to get a chance to meet soon!
Gots me another job finally.
not really
get your life from my new bg
THIS LOSE HAVE NO LIFE TALKING SHIT ABOUT ALLI
It's funny how we can remember the lyrics to hundreds of songs, but cant remember anything when we study for a test.
long story!!!
Whole Foods local maker fair today. 9am-2pm. sampling my fave cheese bread. SASS launching their "Undressed" line!
I feel ya. I'm a beer league superhero by night and a cubicle jockey by day.
I find their noisiness charming.
I can see big cloud of smoke from Berkeley apt building fire, hearing that all got out safely
no I mean for the lady to turn haha
RT : Have social media skills? Offer to "reverse mentor" someone with experience in a field you want to learn...
I bit my tongue :(
Not all Internet web hosting companies are the same. Still looking around and trying various companies for a INNODB foreign key DB.
thanks for tweeting Livehoods! :)
I will be handing out pre-denied job applications and bars of soap to everyone who asks me how I'm "celebrating today."
so why none of my friends tell me had twitter.. this mans voice melts my soul
Coworker, as I put headphones on to listen to the BYU-Marquette game online: "I'd say this is a very manly office."
Cherry pie ... Is all I smke on !
"Retire a Champion" Obama 2012 Campaign slogan?
sure you do lol
How my legs are so long and my torso is so short <<<
I almost died off that one lol
I'm glad to be (mostly) vegetarian. Lard, despite its lack of healthfulness, is why food from the Deep South is so tasty!
Live on set in our very own O'Hanlon's bar on 14th and 1st avenue Length: 1:12
your commitment isn't full until you turn off the notifications!
You're welcome! RT: “: ... Thanks for submitting questions for the #AskAg chat on the WEAI!”
hell yea! It was the best. Remember kenan&kel too?
Has there not been an article written yet on the Knicks historic season of injuries? It merits reporting.
I don't think I've ever paid higher than $25 for a Tshirt. Something about that price point is easier to justify.
I like to follow all of my followers:-)
what did u say to me??
Flo Fusion Fitness is making Olympic hopefuls dreams come true... Join us on the countdown as this incredible journey continues...
Everyone follow 's new band!!
Turn me on ;)
This spicy tuna has got my insides rockin.
layovers are how I've been to most states, pretty sure it's not #cheating since you're actually there...just briefly!
nice to meet you too, Machiavelli! Thanks for reading my ex alley tales :-)
yeah- as is the comic book series based upon the movie based upon the novella. A maze within a maze...
You know, I think they don't realize how pissed of the electorate is with them. They think people will blame Obama.
true how could you top that? I'm laughing just remembering
I see that you're a natural foods connoisseur. Next time you're in Atl, go to Lov'n It Live, all natural, raw food eatery!
Im of the firm belief the world would b a better safer place if every kid had a backyard a hoop in the driveway and a basement of their own
Brilliant tip >> RT Pay it forward. Also, never become complacent. Always strive to improve.
oh god yes
Russ man, thank you very much!
no one does that punch buggy shit anymore lol
haha hey no problem:) and me too!
It's not set in stone yet, we're still waiting to hear back. We will know for sure tomorrow.
Ron Artest is a piece of shit. I hate that a worthless asshole like that has had any success in life. Fuck him, what a loser.
lets not lie. being drunk lets me cope with life.
I just had an awesome idea: make your weekly plans & clutter weigh-in available as an iPhone app!! (plus knowledge base etc)
#doubtful RT : maybe my boss will let me play pingpong once all my work is done?
BAHAHAHAHA so true!
I'm loving my bschool "last hurrah" but for the first time I think I might be ok with the idea that its almost over...
Wonderful productive day for a Sunday.
what's shakin my homie that don't eat #bacon ?
Congrats You were amazing and made me a believer in you! Now I have to redo my Olympic predictions! Keep up the good work!
I've got big ideas.
Beer cheese + honey roasted peanuts + blueberries =
if you are still looking for work you can come to the EPIC hotel terrace tonight and spin some old school r&b/hip hop with me.
How can anyone be gay and call themselves Republican is beyond me.
While Im knowledgeable in identifying and completing M&A transactions, this also includes the selection and implementation of ERP systems.
Word is good on The Avengers. Can I see it now?
if it's a societal need, which it is, then it needs to be a societal fix.e.g. broad based and stable. Linkage fee is neither.
Wrote a LPSE + IDT + Safeguard.... Thanx for your Leadership..!!!
Boyfriend video was amazing ! (: can't wait for #Believe to come out
Wat up bored ass hell
Thanks for sharing our Single Arm Plank Core Video. We appreciate your FXFITVID workout video of the week!
Pinkberry just came to Houston and it's in Clear Lake! Yum!
Class A slacker.
“: exciting, best wishes Hun!!”>>>Thanks boo!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Need to print a project or paper? Printing is free to all Sullivan University students! We have black and white and a color printer
goooddddnigghhttt it's past my bedtime <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Have you been to SXSWedu? Is it as great as it looks? I am considering going this year.
So true!: RT : - great time of year for the Apple Fest!”
Any great fall recipes out there? Last chance to be featured in our Fall Recipe Digest!!
Capsimax. Heard of it? It’s a hot pepper blend that claims to help you get a leaner, fitter looking physique.
One of the perks of living in Seattle: Same day book delivery from Amazon. Sometimes you need expertise quickly!
The Town
I don't have nothing to regret at all in the past, except that I might've unintentionally hurt somebody else or something. - Jimi Hendrix
Last night And noticed me and said they loved me like 47845273948262 times... And I saw .
Phone dying
Not a good day for the Big Ten in bowl games today. Michigan State trying to buck the trend in the final minute vs Georgia.
Inside scoop @ the El Cajon City Council meeting from El Cajon Brewing Co. CEO Stephen Meadows: They're ready to open their doors very soon!
RT UCONN is the program & Jim Calhoun the coach that everyone thinks UK and Calipari are. Where is the media outrage?
My car tells me it's 101 degrees. I know it's hot, but I'm not buying 101.
thanks man working real hard
So Jessica Simpson named her daughter after a coffee brand and her ex husband's brother?
please follow me<333
About to put a new video up :]
Will someone please tell me why one of the top golf towns in the country, Pinehurst, doesn't have a miniature golf establishment?
Doing ok - overcome by life but hoping to get back to class in the near future. And you?
Thank you to everyone who turned out yesterday at F1 Boston for a fundraiser for Mass. Fallen Heroes. Inspirational, indeed.
Yoga class today- so refreshing and stretches everything
On now: Original Sin Cider, Rust Belt Peacemaker Imperial IPA, Great Divide Yeti Imperial Stout
“If one does not know to which port one is sailing, no wind is favorable.” -Lucius Annaeus Seneca
My thoughts exactly. And hopefully it lights the same fire under Long Beach media outlets.
Isn't he cute!!? :) His name is Marty!
Nothing much! lol & you?!
is a scandaloua bestie she ain't get me no wings smh
Not a big fan of how Sully is laughing at these ref calls all night even tho they suck. Doesn't matter when dominating like this I guess.
Worked in Mount Vernon, today..Lunch at King's Southern Delight Soul Food Restaurant
Even God will forgive me for being late to church for watching this game. What an ending.
my dad's cooking something that smells like penis. stop. awsfikgwhl
call me
All the lights just blanked out!
Call me ASAP please.
Check out 's Livestream of the tech forum, happening now! (The Social Media Roundtable starts at 1:30)
So true! RT : A3: I also like to participate in forums like #ynpchat...let's me know that I'm not alone in the struggle.
Protect Ponds From Too Much “Moss” | Iowa State University ...
i never will underestimate u at all
Jennifer Wilson breaks down the percentages for digital project time spent: 30% production, 70% audience engagement
#St. Paul Council approves zoning changes, paves way for low income housing.
Thanks for the shout-out Sean. Much appreciated.
Drinking <U+E047> at the pool > studying for my test tmrw
But...but....sarcasm!
Niggas who don't watch law&order don't have lives
you did, but I
New Belgium Brewing -- Fat Tire is the greatest. We need to get it in KY!
you aint never lied... :(
It's like this thunder storm has a bad case of turrets
Waking up to my little sister>>> I love her
Roll one.
What are you doing May 26th??
Her: "Shanie what would do if I insulted her on twitter?" Me: "1. Ignore you or 2. #ClapBack at dat ass!"
Thanks for the RT! Have a great weekend -Kevin
interested in #FutureofPD? Students are hosting a conference on it Friday. Would love 2 get your input via Twitter!
Sign in restaurant window: "Eat now - Pay waiter."
that's awesome.
The purpose of learning is growth, and our minds, unlike our bodies, can continue growing as we continue to live
"vivacious" I like you effective use of adjectives.... or effective use of a thesaurus (sp?)... :)
Teaching myself to be more Girly & lady like :/
me to! they're so good!
was there a failed EAS test in LA 6am? ALL stations black for 10 minutes. No earthquake/solar flares http:www.electricquakes.org
Our condolences to Whitney Houston's family. Her sweet voice will continue to melt hearts.
haha a definite warning sign
now I'm gnashing my teeth.
IT WAS DEEEEELISH!
shm dont forget to heil hitler before you eat
"Peace is the product of Faith, Strength, #energy, Will, Sympathy, Justice, Imagination, and the triumph of principle. "
Performance with tonight. Swagg?
If you don't have pizza and beer, why bother?
I think there is more chance that you will be swinging by this way first! Lol
me too. it's like, i feel so vacant...so cold....makes me not even want to get out of bed in the morning.
Windows does not detect a keyboard...Please press 'ENTER' to continue...
Thankful for one of the best bday presents I could ask for - the chance to work with my great colleague and friend
I knew that you were a woman to be reckoned with!
Just got a copy in the mail of "Life Without Limits" by Looking forward to reading it!
Eating with the team. Keep me posted. /cc
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul. ~ Judy Garland
And, no, I didn't have poop for dinner. I was having dinner with my wife while my kids had a bath.
That was clever lol
She does nothing for me. RT : Can we, as a society, just please decide to be OVER Kristen Stewart already?
RT : Today in 1963, America heard The Beatles for the first time when the album "Introducing The Beatles," was released
Either do I anymore. Mine is all over the place. Might even be working a 16 hour shift this weekend if they allow it.
Long as he does his job, and does it well....who cares. It is the off-season. Everyone is entitled to a break/vacation.
“: Strikes me that "storylines & subplots" is more macro than "tasks & subtasks" and also easier for clients to relate to. #idea10”
Try rubbing alcohol
How was everyone's day?? (:
over this day, goodnight!
Watching Netfick found some nice movies tonight<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BA>
u need to post some them doo's do we can see how it's done in the dirty south....
Why the hell doesn't Photoshop have spell check?
Damn I finally downloaded the crackberry application for twitter thank goodness lol
I declare May 1 the beginning of #comicstravaganza wherein there will be weekly adventures in shopping for comics and reading over espresso
Yeah, that would be nice. I haven't tried V'thread yet, either, which seems like a much more interactive take, and that's good.
We're sorry.We have determined that you are blacked out of watching the game you selected, due to TV broadcaster restrictions.
*Random fact* I DO NOT have a twitter....I know it's quite sad. But I'm not aloud to have one. ~Ashley
let me know when you start expanding in Portland. I'd love to help out!
I got someone else to take my 12 year old son - with friends.they are so happy! #minecon but he hasn't gotten the cape yet. when?
880mg of naproxen sodium. I hope it kicks in sooner rather than later. Thought I'd never say this, but I actually miss running.
Is it me or are Brussel Sprouts the new Kale?
see you at 8...
were you even a girl scout????
Prolly don't matter but happy birthday man
BUSY day today.
u should follow
Ah let's see how this goes
Can't wait 2 get there!!
i got totally new HONDA. oh and i also was paid $310 in one week... it was super simple owe it all to www•reportmoney•net for teaching me
Planning some time in FL w/ for book writing. Plenty of Vitamin D to help the process along :)
there playing coldplay just for you at the Grammys.
ah<U+E107>! The horror of having to spend another 4-5yrs in school<U+E410> hahaha<U+E409>
try and get up at 5 wit me big boii!
Part 4: Answers to Readers&#39; Questions on Financial Aid
David downloaded the new #HappyBlueSlideParkDay. I feel hip.
Your shirt doesn't have the TARDIS on it, it is the TARDIS only way to explain fitting that much inside!
thanks for have me on the show!
It's all good. :) How are you? Okay, I'll try that one, been to it before. I'm swearing into the Marine Corps on Monday.
Getting ready for my doctors appointment :o at least I don't have to go alone now :))
Help get followers! They're new to twitter &amp; are holding a charity concert with performers like Ryan Beatty.
cheney's heart transplant surgery amazing...that they found his heart at all! Amazing what technology can do nowadays
Today is the feast day of Saint Nicholas. St. Nicholas is believed to be the inspiration for the modern day Santa Claus.
We are glad you like the posters, let folks know where to get them
30% of friends and family sale at Diesel. Text me your email address and I'll send you the flyer that you need.
who wants to hang out with Christian today? :)
Saying "i miss piknik" in your photo caption isn't gonna make it come back..
omgomgomg #football is on my television.
- Thank you very much!
we wanted to go there but it was too far away! The song was a tribute to the great lady
Just hit level 50 on #SWTOR! Took me 7 days, 20 hours, 24 minutes. (about 4 months in real-time)
yeah I'm a girl, why ?
Get ready for an ugly week. #Romney doing well in polls is going to unleash negative onslaught from the "Hope and Change" crowd
Binge reading like a boss.
GM ... Looking forward to an AWESOME Saturday! I hope you have one too.
I wonder if web analysts who LOVE are paid to say so because my experience has not been lovely. My <3 belongs to
Awesome! Dm me your #. Not sure how much free time there will be, but fun to know you're near by!
Round of applause we got them girls that make ya hand clap #primal tonight
Tonight was one of those "hide in the biggest sweatshirt you can find" type of nights. And that would be my XL old school one
This is ridiculous, Washington. Get it done.
Wow. A horrible free throw shooter hits both. Pierce 2-9. Bass 5-15. Rondo 4-12. They kind of deserve to lose this.
Wife told 2 y.o. it was time for his nap. His response-No, I'm watching the race.
#g2s Google's Hal Varian recognizes value of skunkworks for innovation: not trivial to setup (and defend!) in a gov organization. Gr8 point!
about the same...working &skool. U kno
My God I love the
Fidelity launches two new stock funds to tap global dividends
I can vote and I eat Fun Dip regularly.
However...everything I've been through was a lesson learned & made me what I am today. Someone I'm extremely proud of :)
Not seeing tonight at white river. #wahhhh :(
If it's illegal to rock and roll, throw my ass in jail! - Kurt Cobain
retweet this if you love your finland fans :)
Please follow back! :D
so get ready!! Lololol
its andi...wow Devon said she thought of the prank... she asked whta it was
A handful of patience is worth more than a bushel of brains. - Proverb
On my way to the "Can Independents Reform America?" Conference in NYC! so looking forward to this important conference!
I experience insanity every day
#WeWontLeaveYouJustin I will never leave u! The true beliebers will be here until the end! We love you! I love you!
i'm just going to hum "the final countdown" while i pack and run errands all day today.
Sometimes I wish I could hurt you the way you hurt me. But I know, if I had the chance to, I wouldn't.
“: Keep your head up, We win and lose as a team. With Class.”
My overactive sweat glands take offense to that. However, yes, yes it did. :)
don't you and have essentially the same followers???
Hey twitter looking for a sexy brunette in Houston well here I am!!!! Check me out alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
It's an incredibly broad question. I have no regrets. This isn't just about the JS, it's about the newspaper business.
While turning my TV off & getting rdy to go to bed I saw a spider crawling up my wall Now I won't sleep any tonight
don't worry--if I ever have money I will VC the crap out of stuff.
If you think it bothers me, it doesnt honey (;
Is there a word for when you combine working-from-home and working-at-the-office in one day? Today was a productive "hoffice" day for me.
Austin and his puka necklace.<U+2665>
lmaooooooo! That's pretty ugly then. Fact is I am intrigued by killers. I guess I always wonder WHY they did it.
GOODMORNING! now watching the very last harry potter, deathly hollows pt 2:)
Ok Im relaoded!!!! lets get you on some projects cause you are smoking hot let's do it!
I east coast swung the shit out of the east coast swing.
Happy Friday! Thanks for all u do!
SO LOOKS LIKE WE GON BE HITTIN UPP DOWNTOWN DALLAS THIS WEEKEND
RT THIS: Follow me and I will follow u.....
good job today, I came and watched and you were super fierce! :)
want to start P90X, but live in an apt where installing a pull-up bar isn't possible. Is this a worthwhile solution?
See "A Hard Day's Night." Grotty is short for grotesque & they *made* him say it. It was a made up word!
happy birthday
I am because you are.
Anytime, Thanks for the follow back :D
but then they fall in love with guys like heidfeld, trulli, who have not won anything
Feeling like a rock star...fuck like a porn star!!
haha...yeah.. I guess a little experience at the bottom this year propelled you to the top!
OK, point taken. So, who do I vote for, or do I just throw it away, period? I want to know the alternative...
haha only there to taunt puppies I swear
yaaay I'm not alone :3
#HTH2012 LoC does "scripto spatial mapping" linking data (all sorts of data linked to regions of a digital document) will have prototype
Building services exchanged. Simply.
Smith Barney answering your goddamn phones
Test geo tweet, again
omgggggyes he does!!(: #MarasAss is bigger then most guys lol
#wheniwaslittle I wanted to be like my big brother and #thenigrewup :)
Good Morning Beauties! Inner Quote: Apparently there is nothing that cannot happen today. - Mark Twain So create your day!
I love being in control of the jukebox. Merle, Conway, Milsap followed by Salt-N-Peppa. (K-Weezy is in the building! )
#IJustLoveItWhen the suns out
sounds like Shirley's mom was OCD.
All right ya'll we on and poppin @ TryOuts for my b-day. come tru, its $10 to get in & is BYOB
If I were a GOP candidate, I wouldn't want Cain or his "endorsement" anywhere near me.
I wish I had the money to send my saintly Mother on a European vacation, oh well...HEY MA I'M FUCKING THIRSTY HERE GET MY ASS A DIET COKE!
Finally! Hahahaha. The Portland Mercury wasn't so fond of that line either. ( :
The guy on tv isn't funny, just stop.
": Kids love me." Yeah we do! Lol
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY! I love you, Mom!<333
Seriously, how is Lindpere not captain of this XI?
I would really like a cookie. Who wants to bring me one?
no walkies 4 scraps today. got a bum paw. STUPID PAW! letting down scraps.
RT if you want A MASSIVE shoutout and a DM to INTERSCOPE RECORDS and MTV. (Must Be Following Me).
