The "Green Zone" for Radio is Scotland Yard Pub. All welcome. Any company, station, shift. "Love you, love your show" is all you need say
Medicine Savings - Discounts up to 48% - Target - VYTORIN -
Today's Insider Branding Secret: "If you don't define yourself, the enemy (your competition) will!" - Gore
u can if u want idc
oh haha I'm closer to the beginning lol
good stuff? How was the meal??
Oh no, this is about to get ugly
People just anything...
The Cake Boss episode that I played on for the Perillo Rolls Royce Chicago opening is on this Mon, Oct 3 at 9:30p CST on TLC. Check it out.
I feel so unloved
Happy One Year Anniversary to my wonderful wife Lilit. This past year zipped by; time flies when you're having fun with someone you love.
Its Wedding Wednesday. What colors are you predicting for 2012?
no AC on the bus? I hope the ferry doesn't get too drafty for my nap.
Your tweets are hysterical. Thanks for the laughs
Today, O's/Jays w Buck Martinez, Hopkins/ Maryland w Terps p-b-p guy Steve Stofberg & meet the "Queen of Tailgating" 10-N/WNST.net & 1570am
RT : Sam smith: I can't name one Samuel Smith beer that I would buy again and I've tried 11 of them. Bland Euro-trash
cause that's Cold
If you never left that could've been me. You could've been mine and i would have been yours.
good call ;) good to see you! Two weekends in a row! We're on a roll!
Is this the nicest Friday Indianapolis has ever seen? Maybe. Probably so. This weekend is looking awesome.
If everything I'm reading about it pans out, Ridley Scott might make you laugh at your tweet come this summer.
going to burst in joy
I love it! Thanks for letting me know :)
I saw you but no hug? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Putting an archival collection online might be fair use regardless of whether it's transformative. Look at traditional 4 factors!
Teachers who understand what it means to be a student are the best teachers. Adora Svitak at
. "They get black homophobia history month but if you bring up WHITE homophobia history month, YOU'RE the racist."
#UpAllNight was AWESOME. I'm so excited to see where it goes this season :)
20 pounds in 20 days? Check our FB for 1 of our client's photos. www.facebook.com/LVHCG
no. :( what a loser. lol.
And that will do it...GO GIANTS
I don't know what's happening in Europe... But they are raising their boys right.
Jet-lagged.
Awesome -- Paula let me know when you're here! I'd love to say hi and meet you!
might tumble stalk ya
thoughts on #robparker story about atlanta being the worst sports town?
New York's hottest club is Veux..this club has everything, pirates doing stand-up,mego's..you know that thing where midgets drive lego cars
Let me guess, it's just 2 games... Right?...
The Yankees are winless, but I'm stilling enjoying the Red Sox season so far. Get that beer and fried chicken back in the club house!
Hello Atlanta! #halfwayhome <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099>
Hi, do you read sci fi and fantasy? Who's your favorite author?
I saw the silent film The Artist tonight. It was really good and I recommend it if you have the appreciation for those kind of movies
Lol Me To..
Great fun with the ladies of Hopewell Baptist (Monroe). Great surprise and gift ~ guest speaker Phyllis Foy knew Marks mom!
RT : Why do u give? Inspire others with your tweet. Answer the question: #WHYiGive ... the best tweet chat in...
Thanks for the RT!
Think pre-orgasmic tingly, but slightly painful, like needing to pee, only in your boobs.
mac on some cupcakes!
Late night talks with
haha! if you can, totally rock it! you'll stay looking fabulous!! :)
we gotcho back!!
Loki powers: Super strength/durability, genius level intelligence, telepathy, teleportation, flight, shape shifting
Great wall of chocolate cake at 1230... Sounds AWESOME to me.
New banner quote: LTHForum - More glitches than you can shake a stick at.
I need #Followers :)!
Awesome, thanks... I'm hoping to get the clearance when we get back from San Antonio in a few weeks.
OMG...I'm following Judy Blume, my favorite childhood author!!
Great to meet you last night despite the awkward elevator incident w/the guy, the large dog and the totem pole! (cc: )
Anyone been recently been to the ?
yeah we have - love it!
anybody want to DM?
I'm gonna gag. Almost stepped on a long ass warm on the sidewalk.
Poor lil Jax did NOT wanna wake up @ 5:30 this morning. He stuck his face under the covers w/just hit nose out #toocute Wish I had a camera
Rumors true, is as wild as advertised. Just arrived. Kidnapped child. Traded him for overly large suite at Vdara. Bed made of coke.
i saw babe.. it amped me up so much
No BBQ, beer, or croquet. But postal pursuits aplenty!
I first read that as "Fish Shake." A strange barter system you have there.
i want to be mexican #yeahbuddy lmfao
check out Donna Brazile's column on blogonsisters.com www.blogonsisters.com
When I wake up first thing on my mine is get this cake up. We gone we gone get this money #meekmills early morning
TGIFY - Thank God I Found You <U+2665>
think of it $2 bills is more then the $1 bills
Dj'n @ 254 ink by da west end blasting dat 100 grand
I couldn't get away with daisy dukes for so I opted to spray on some Pink Sugar instead. Like candy.
It's Friday the 13th...your lucky day! We have beer!
haha whatever dude. Hope yr having fun @ school! Ahahhahahhaha
Actually, that should have been stated: warm nights + night biking = bug teeth
is it the #URH x #JAM?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BASHYR!!! hope all your wishes and dreams come true! luv ya<3
I'm soo tired of the drama!! I'm on my grown woman sh*t!
love SHOWS
Thanks for the #FF!
": .. I'm one of a kind! Spectacular, yes. All others are imposters!!!!!!!" They all say
is a gifted artist. Keep up the good work bro
Strong Union effort in Clarksville covering multiple Unions keeps alive the chance of fixing "Right to Work" for Hoosiers & families. - JDG
sad that didn't see my tweet and tell my happy birthday yesterday :(
is it haten if you dont give a damn if the season ends when the lakers lose?
Colbert & James Taylor "Carolina In My Mind" = epic
your a coach for fulham we know u got dough up in there lol hahah
Man I'm loving my life and the ppl who know how to let bs go more to life then just u
tomorrow night !!! Authority Zero , Voodoo Glow Skulls and Chester Copperpot at mohawk place in downtown buffalo,ny !! doors at 6pm.
I am more or less alive.
very well
I love shopping for you three in the am so ppl in the store don't realize how lost I am! Lolzzz
Gregg is in. I didn't realize we called the 4th mop up time.
Because I mean, that's never ever happened to me.. Ever..
#drinkhimunderthetable?!? Moi? *YAWN* Didn't get my Bar membership b/c of my brains or golf game I assure y'all..
Wawa grubbing at 6 am was a bad idea. Missed a class and never eating again
cant wait till tomorrow
gasping at my husband's emergency recent emergency room bill... i guessed $500 and I was off by $500. ouch ouch ouch.
Yeah Yeah..
thanks man! Same to you.
No prob. Zac came down & we rocked out until nearly 11! Sun will be great!
Nic surgery @ 7 am. Looks like I'm getting a little time off.
And oh boy was it good!
It'll be worth the wait(:
Only 17 more days till Launch!
Remember when you had like NO followers? Yeah, that. Well help out and follow him! ;-)
Courtney is from Scottsdale, AZ. And she is crazy, but it's a dry crazy.
c u tweetin think u pretty hot!!!
Thanks to and for their help in the attempt to push me over the 100 followers mark. I was able to add 2 for 99.
Glad to r/r after the Big Event at G. USA DOG Defenders of greyhounds event to save retired racers
Good job today ! If you need to talk, Im here. You deserve the best sweety<U+2764>
goodness no! This one came from Jackie's Packie.
Am I the only person that thinks ur playing to much music? I listen in the am cause of ur show! I can here songs anytime!
Don't feel guilty, cheats on #HCG happen. Just try to avoid cheating again b/c the more u cheat that harder it is to maintain in P3
Just bought a fab dress at to wear at and 's wedding. Can't wait to dance the night away in it w/!
Steering Committee: Thanks for the high level of thought you put in to today's meeting. Bodes well for the future!
right?! its going to be a very big show for us!
sorry this is last show
hey Amanda em me I Jedediah to talk to u
omg same. i cant believe they havent fixed it.
What are your favorite apps for trainers or instructional designers?
Mama I promise you'll have that condo. On the beach one day payed for.
I finally figured out the only reason to be alive is to enjoy it. -Rita Mae Brown Brought to you by 53,000+ Famous Quotes!
music is always gonna be apart of me its like the air i breathe i sing to live <3
U LOOKUN GOOD ANYWAY. EVEN WITHOUT THE CRUNCHES
“: OT kings. Nice drive Devin. #ORLatUTA” I'll amend that last tweet to "nice three".
hunger games. you're already headed to hawaii, at this point you just need to pass.
yes what? XD I is lost!
wow! I decided I want to travel around the US to visit sports venues and drink different beers
try to explain to someone what kind of music makes
#WhenWeWereKids we could walk around town and not get stolen
The Program Guide was just finalized, we will have copies available this weekend at our downtown location TBA this Friday.
We hope the strawberry ice cream was enjoyed by all!
It looked like a Flash graphical issue, is it also impacting functionality?
nice .... Yea I have a meeting later so I'm starting a hr later too
Just found out it'll be Tony Bennett and Carrie Underwood. Makes getting up at 5:30 AM worth it..
no problem! :)
Forget chocolate bunnies and peeps, if the Mets sweep the Braves to open the season, that will be sweet enough.
dont be difficult. just follow me.
wordd I feels you when you loose it tho?
have any Leather Tuscadero & The Suede memories? Did you ever hang with Suzi Quatro? Big Fan
I'm sorry...but Michael Jackson did that song way better!
Get higher on a trampoline! Whoo!
Glorious massage! I can move again! Thanks
Beyonce Launches New Website Packed With Personal Pics ...
D: sad face.
well you won't talk, won't look, won't think of me. i'm the epitome of public enemy. why you wanna go and do me like that?
Tomorrow game at noon!!!! GO CATs
Noah's Flood II shooting outside my window tonight.
Public school art teacher addresses her context: needs structure for wkg with science teacher. *How* to do it?
Nobody's perfect, but you're perfect for me.
Thanks I'm in Vegas now RT : sorry you could not make the coffee social..you guys were missed.
You're welcome, Josh. And congratulations on your family!
Gradventure tomorrow ! Ah
Hello new followers!
THANKS TO CustomizedGirl.com 4 donating our t-shirts 4 THE WALK FOR AUTISM!I've used them before & the products r FANTASTIC!
I ordered a Dos Equis in a Rehoboth Beach bar ... NO DICE !!! How is this "Most Interesting Man" gonna survive? Stay thirsty my friend ...
If the FBI breaks your door down do they have to pay for it?
Visit me? I miss you.
'Your success in the competition game depends on your ability to provide original & beneficial services to your target market'
I love my job.
i always cringe when the violins start playing on full house when they are about to have a "aw" moment. baha
#empowering myself as a woman by studying the real housewives of orange county.
Too ready to take a vacation & add a couple of stamps to my passport!!!
#libraryschool quotes "the fate of the entire world depends on you!" possibly my favorite lol
bars son straight bars lol
yo dude, we got an event at leaders tomorrow from 6-9. Come through!
UPDATE: The earlier semi truck rollover accident on US-151 NB at I-90/I-94 WB is CLEARED. All lanes are now open.
RT So tonight I'll stay home and miss you more than you'll ever know.
aww thank you! Lincoln and 10/11 viewers were great to me:)
You better get your a** out on the street because we have holes to fill, and I don't mean your holes.
School Orientation: Jan9 1st day of class: Jan11 1st day of work: Jan12 Verizon center Orientation: Jan13 Do I have a place to live? Nope.
Gearing up for #HorrorHound in Columbus, Ohio next weekend! Too excited!
need power to see steelers game
- Well-said, Callan!
God Morning San Diego! Mangia Mangia Mobile will serve lunch today @ 10070 Barnes Canyon road from 11:30 to 1...ish
What type of cookies are you planning to make for the holidays?
You didn't say how you were getting one. With all that cash you could just buy a trophy and call it your own.
On the #NBAPlayoffs front, Memphis Grizzlies looking for force Game7 vs #LAClippers. Grizz lead by 6 its, less than a minute left in 4thQ
i tried to tweet a lot... i cant do it... i got things to do
Empty The Fridge Night for dinner was a hit...used all of the random leftovers: hot dogs, spicy stewed tomatoes, rice, broccoli, chicken...
it's a long story filled with lots of nights of me crying.. You know what you did
The Packers Bytch is back...Wassup everyone ?
Damnit Jannie! Saying it with fervor and a crappy attitude doesn't make it sincere!
#Boyfriend is amazin' notice me please! #muchlove Mexico loves and misses you :) 5
are you selling toys there or is it a party favor?
Chris Virginia Elite and Elite Showcase Basketball Classic saw the program about your career on ESPN.
Somewhat of a act for English but it's an ap exam
Hipster.d
We will be open for business this Sunday only 11/13 for all you sushi lovers out there! 6pm-10pm
You got the job?? RT :
Thanks for the #FF! lets keep it coming! If you follow me, I'll follow you back!
ROYALS GAME Battas up
#beforetwitter I could have cared less about any celebrities. Now I stalk them. What a loser!
I'm finally able to stream you after so long.. So le's get it on...
WHO WANT THE 100TH TWEET?
tracer rounds?
really?! Thanks dude!!
gotta turn my alerts on ha!
We hope the Posture Shirt makes a difference for you! Let us know what you think.
Do you think they have enough antenna's on this roof? < Nah, try Bklyn circa 79'. Back then u might find a body up there too!
Big thanks to all that came out and Todd 4 hosting!
"I gotta fight every night to prove my love"
I read Amy Beth Cupp's blog posts and read through a few others too. Love seeing your discoveries! Thanks for sharing. xox
'Teen Mom' Amber Portwood -- Ordered to Pay Up After Mooching Off Poor People
There is one clause in NATO that has a lot of meat: Article 5: "Attack on one is an attack on all"
Twitter is like a really good outlet to vent ur feeling
It's amazing how one song can bring back so many memories </3
Depends on size of humidor. I use a jar of crystals,, small oasis and 2 pillows for a 4 drawer humidor. Get 68% consistently
Wow Bynum has 23 pts & 6 rebs at the half. His game is definitely maturing.
I know how nervous I was the first time my son was with another person without me. I had to trust them and him. It was fine.
Hello Chicago! Let's have a good day.
TODAY Was Crckngg , ;)
AAHHH, I'm sorry I missed you, but again thanks so much for the love. We had a great time! Talk soon, bro.
hahaha!! That's an awesome picture for a Friday morning! You're a fun dad :)
about time !!
Deadline time! Looks like I will be getting little to no sleep tonight!!
i don't really fuck with childish gambino but i fuck with that we not them jawnt.
RT : If pepper spray is a food product, Taco Bell is practically an arms dealer.
The Jam stopped by the Stampede. Final score 96-80
almost 700 likes! :D
There's enough actual crime happening around here, no need to fake one. Ridiculous.
Bringing Mam on a shopping spree for her birthday!
Tiny Twitter fact No. 1,239: Being sick is responsible for many
School administrators and teachers- we want to hear from you! What programs have you seen that you think would benefit your school?
Well worked on the website a little. But now back to finishing more painting work.
i can make u laugh
Love it RT : Flights booked for Miami this weekend. Ready for Game 7.
It's started to rain, dad's on the roof, and there's a double rainbow. Now to make a new snack!
Rt if today is one of those days that you really don't feel like doing a damn thing including not wanting to go to work
Oh, taking another shot at "Hallelujah"? Third time's the charm, I'm sure
an aspiring "leader" of the free world spewing ignorance and hatred that the un fights against abroad. Despicable!
I see. I'm sorry.
Less than 10 days until I fly to Malaysia! Any suggestions on what to see while I'm there?
it's true. they had me at
#thatawkwardmoment when your watching the news and they say twinkies are going extinct.
agreed! Worked for BA and others which I loved but changed my perspective on the game.
restaurant ...u interested in partnership? ?
shaq beat his ass lol first day they met
hey!! Can you make me a Debby background!!! Thanks!!! :)
thank you!! And no way! Your voice is amazing! Never stop. Ever! you are my inspiration! ;)
why does it look like that guy is posing ?
yea church boy
I believe you. LMAO : What I look for in a relationship is how to ruin it. RT
We now have Butter Pecan froyo! Come try some today!
yup I will bo prob Bffl
Also comedy coming soon
aww I feel so special :-)
yes sir! your music is wonderful!
some deserve to
In honor of #MusicMonday, we'd like to hear what bands you want to see us work with this year. Who are your favorites?
I wish this train come already...my bed is calling me!
I want to work with Victoria's Secret so bad! One day :)
young today, old as a railroad tomorrow
Only if YOU come!
glad we could share the love! :)
- saw them perform "AoE" on the #CoachellaLive '11 webcast & was floored. That, Bloodbuzz & Lemonworld are so solid together.
The only time i'm called Samantha is when i'm in trouble.
I got 99 problems, and they all bitches.
Best new follower
I wish I could meet and take silly pictures with him <3
Schools demand backhanders - New Zealand Herald
Been thinking about a few of the NT passages which show the authors were not the 'holy' men that they made believers think they were.
You should have kept Wallace in the game. At least finish the drive Colt was still asleep Colt wrecks the Browns
Ribbon takes a couple of weeks to get used to but people generally like the change after that.
If you have an #instagram , tweet me your username & I'll follow, (:
Before I die, I would want to see a white alligator since they "so-called" exist ..
maybe you can dm me there now bbz?(; I think your right tho:L
lool I finished my self portrait at like 6 and then I took a shower and sat upstairs drawing and I come down rn in pjs and Julia
YUM! I say sugar!
hey there guy...
I really love Jose a lot me and my family done a lot for him that's y I got him a promise ring when we got together
Boo. I was finally forced into new #gmail. Don't like the look.
Got to get used to it. But its definatly worth it
Late night acting submissions....now time for my beauty sleep! Night world! :)
hah yea it kind of does for me too
Hard to wake up this morning. Time for some V-8 juice and some java. Here we go! Life is happening right now.
When will work end? I just want to go home and play #rift :(
Vok Beverages has acquired premium South Australian winery, Step Rd, along with several associated wine brands.
Chris from MIWs voice still seems to amaze me sometimes. but it's a good thing(:
Tonight and 10pm a Its gonna be a paaaartttayyy!!!!!
I hope he be ok !
When I was 18 I was done maturing
I am so bored wht to do on a saturday any suggestions????<U+E402><U+E40E>
We're sorry, we had them! We didn't want to be rude and intrude and ask:(
what size u wear?
Thank you Marc! Loving the Rangers right now!
Hard to say but I think he'll get traded! It's been real brotha! RT : Peyton to the Broncos.....what about Tebow?!
no mud chalk? :)
If I had a monkey,,,,I would teach him to be president of the United States. He definitely wouldn't do worse!
someone playing tricks on you! Practicing for #AprilFools Drums up some good ideas...
not being able to concentrate!! :(
Do you have a link handy ?
I love Twitter more than Facebook cause I can update my status every 5 minutes without people thinking I'm crazy.
"... 'we need 2 do something different. And not because it's science, it was because Jad thought ... - Wheeler
Just had a surprise business meeting. Random ways people get connected never fails to amaze me.
Really wish I hadn't seen that.
You're such a fuckass.
With pleasure!
LOL *hides boots and puts on flip flops*
Kale chips! We make it all the time.
do you think it is unfounded? Is Pinterest the same as Tumblr?
"Our lucky day!" *trips*
Good looking!
morning wood.
Going for a new Ipod today!! Wish me luck ;)
I'll be fine on my own
thank u tee
Im sure the #Grammys are in a frenzy today over Whiteys passing.
Hm pool party Friday think I need to go hit this gym make sure I'm lookin right lol
And even then it was no landslide. RT Bachmann's victory was the most expensive in the country.
I'm hopped up on sinus meds and I have a HS kid shadowing me today. Pretty sure I sound like an idiot.
Kind of surprising, but whoever thought #Whitney was going to make it to the ripe old age of 50 was fooling themselves.
nah I'm fuckn wit ya
its the "first day of spring" in tucson and it snowed . . .
Holy shit!! Dave Brewer (Co-DP on INSIDIOUS) will be DP on my next flick THE IMPERSONATORS!! #letsmakeamovie!!
Will do!
: Washington and Jefferson college in the PA?
The Bookworm drink at Hyatt
Relationships are beautiful.Love & cherish the people in your life, give respect & earn their respect.If issues arise work toward a solution
so I take it I'm not dropping mine off? Lol haha
I'm waiting for Commissioner Gordon to put up that "Nancy Grace" signal!
and maybe grabbing some extra napkins and silverware and water...
So annoying when someone's telling a boring story so you have to pretend you're listening while sneak-writing this tweet.
Had a client ask the other day about setting up a mobile app for his firm. Checked Google Analytics & 10% of their traffic was from PDA's.
Thinks it's time to get comfy and call it a night
Who the fuck sells roofies? Like, why would you sell those?
3 hours and 20 mins of financial accounting at dade. Thank God for Tanya being in this class !
Osctavia Spenser takes the #Oscar. Great win!
Making up for loss time
RT BREAKING- Multiple Police agencies at home of reputed mobster in CT linked to Gardner Museum heist.
#Fact Both of my older brothers didn't learn my name Til a month later after i was born
make up what
two batches of homemade biscotti and a dozen cupcakes later..wrapping some presents and cleaning up!
I live in fl and have no idea. It feels surreal ...
": Hi Anne, thanks for the RT!"Thx ladies--happy Monday! :)
i think you do!(;
I have been goin around spreading the news about and ppl actually listened to me, it seems like they want to help!
Smarthistory is proud to be part of v 2 of #GoogleArtProject - launched today-congrats to brilliant team that made it happen!
lesson learned many times over. Thanks for the reminder.
He is wonderfully and beautifully made, isn't he? And a marvel to look at!
without my parents there would be no dewdrop.
Hey imma #Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please! <3 :)) #CarlyRaeJepsen #CallMeMaybe 4
Why you calling yourself BARBIE and you look like KEN?
but the new bar in center and the new monument park and....
Rediscovering tea. On a warm morning like this, it's a very good thing.
its the right earbud the left earbud has to work for the crips
All Star numbers for Kyle Lowry triple double! Rockets win streak continues. McHale has got these guys playing well
not sometime, but most of the time .
can you hear when i say, 'i have never felt this way'?
Gotcha. What about tonight or tomorrow night?
great team win my man! keep working hard and keep shooting the basketball like we all know you can
Corde and Cordell's party last nigght was bomb! Ohh gosh, Snoop was crazy (:
Good morning gorgeous :)
That's made my day :) RT : my pleasure. I think your work is stunning!
MiNES HAS BEEN W0NDERFUL, iM REALLY ENJ0YiNG LA RiGHT N0W.
SUNDAY FUN DAY @ Twisted:0) Brunch and 2-4-1 Bloody Mary's
Awesome, Thanks... I'll be waiting ;)
You`re great! Thank you!
Bloggers/Reviewers/Interviewers Extraordinaire!
- the scene from 'Redneck' in which I did the 'pyrotechnics' that also gave me a quick haircut.
I needa get my life back on track..but my health is always in the fuckin way.
I don't have a presale code, but Joan Jett was my first album! (-: Good luck getting one!
Awesome thanks! I'll have to come hear you spin when I am in Chicago!
CSUF used www.startermeasure.com as tool for student online learning readiness research.
hey remember me? Haha it's been long
I would appreciate it if you pulled your top up or you wore a hoodie. - love maura! <U+2764>
BOGO 1/2 off all edibles all day today! See you soon ;)
Custom guitar strap gift certificates are awesome stocking stuffers!
SO excited for you! safe travels honey!
anything but PennState
omg, don't even say it was mr kennedy!! lmfao
Beastie boys- Egg raid on mojo
RIP MCA #BeastieBoys My heart is broken.
Thank you for following! and
correction: tech god
S/o to follow him. He #FollowBacks (:
I cannot ever have a conceal and carry permit.
": I just wana go home." Please....
Chat with you one the Tweet-dio Tomorrow 10 am edt, live From Cincinnati!
Josh Hamilton is on fiahhhhh!
Wrote a new song for you guys last night.
good question. Not quite sure yet.... I'll let you know.
Man 2 weeks 4rm 2day i will be in those red & white #RebokQuestions Team AI
#FF he has amazing hair :)
Please check out my answer on to: Illegal 30-day termination of tenancy: Can I challenge now or must I wait unt...
What a craptastic day outside.
I saw your work! Wow...your paintings are beautiful, i'm a portrait artist
It seems as though both teams have had more chances shorthanded than they have had on their power plays.
Just crossed 100,000 miles in my MINI!
i wish it was just 2:20 already.
i talk to and meet too many people on social networking sites lol.
missing another #SandersSunday due to work. waaahh))):
Nice! I will probably kick it in River North before heading to a bday party at ! Feel free to join - I got you!
congratulations! How did u find out? I applied myself too... I hope i got in...or probably not.
RT : "If you think your Easter competition is the church across town, you don’t have a clue."
Are you guys planning on coming to Chicago?PLEASE ANSWER.Me and my friend want to see you guys again D;
Tonight, I will be indulging in some online joy. All 30% off FTW!
That's Not Bad Though Girl... I Was Huge Lbs
Thank you for the follow.
thanks for the post today guys!! let us know if u want the record. glad to send u a DL. great blog.
Busted Day 2 of the main event at the bike. Looking forward to the BSO on Thursday!
My sister and I both have the side of our heads shaved. Hooray!
Frick Park Market; where we kickin' out the garbage. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
bro I have avocados growing in my garden!! Haha
how's that track coming my dude?
Official doesn't have the luxury of multiple replays and has to make the call then and there, and at game speed I'd called it too.
thanks for the #FF shout out!
Vince Carter is CURSED! O and the Mavs have no energy. They are old......
Digital Gap: "shift website as a logistical tool to a destination to engage with art" Change with the museum mobile website?
Just need time to think
NF u and that one guy... lol! You muss be a Baby G'!
Loll, okay okay. I was just kidding lmaoo. I can't even lie striaght haha.
to me it's a toss up. I would also like to see what's around them. If I need a 2nd option offensively... TP.
Nothing more exciting then watching the Giants battle it out for first place w/ a refreshing Coors Light.
I'll be a sarcastic ass and give you a dumb ass answer
Come on!!! MOre 7 follower
Anybody selling an iphone 3gs or 4? hit me up
So many great #whitneytributes...she will truly be missed....
Watching 1,000 Ways to Die for AP homework.
getting brains from Bains
hopefully that's not an all-in-one party.
The real test in golf and in life is not in keeping out of the rough, but in getting out after you are in. -Zig Ziglar
Collect your love letters, love notes, and cards and have them bound into a book.
If you can't do something you MUST! ~Tony Robbins
-- Compared to what other player?
did u see the Vet who lost 100# doing yoga via on GMA today?
Thank you all for all your support! It means the world to us!!! Keep on being #awesome!!! :)
Jersey clashes w/my iPad case btw. “: and some overcome those fears, embrace twitter and wear orange jerseys in public #DIETribes”
ALPFA PORTLAND PRESENTS; SOCIAL MEDIA:"The new rules in the Digital Age" June 22nd www.portland.alpfa.org
niight love you long time
happy belated birthday to ! he sure knows how to throw a great party! :)
follow us:) <3
Bouncing down the sidewalk listening to Happiness by
You Inspire Me
WOW.... That is a little creepy!
Edwin has never been happier.
you got church! Go to bed!
I remember this line from a book I just read (GONE GIRL) because it's true: Sleep is like a cat--it never comes unless you ignore it.
very cool design
Before finals start getting you down, you should come to one of our 12 locations on campus and check out a cd, dvd, or even, gasp, a book :)
Go Check them out if you can, definitely worth it! RT Beat Kitchen in Chicago tonight - 8pm!
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina Ocean's Vagina
"Facebook likes are a virtual high five." Suban Nur Cooley
Go #DCTech RT : Check out friends! Loving the new partnership with ! is a table master!!
lol; i actually usually go to that, b/c its a great crowd and fun, but indeed we are not old.
what did you do now ???
Is still sleeping.... lulz.
Seeking Fashion Photographers in DC area! Email for more info!
Watching the fight, feeling nice. (y)
Playing doctor is for kids! Let's play gynecologist.
Dvr broken, phone smashed, laptop won't turn on. #technologyfail ...living basically in the
#California Wave reunion tour? -- former Wave coaches Bowkus, Kelly and Pitcher all leading teams back to Nationals this year
Maybe some homework well help me get my mind off things. >.<
Another Hotel of the Future, Here Now: Ecuador&#39;s Mashpi Lodge ...
finally the refs do their jobs
once again, dunkin donuts delivers. i love their coffee
ok Im going to get myself together and come over
My mom's splice came in the mail for her special day lol
106& park was good S/O B. O. B S/O Mr. 106& Park!! Bow Wezzy
Instagram. Welcome to California!
We are so Thelma & Louise!
FINALLY get to see my nana tomorrow <3 haven't seen her since march
hoes try to do shit to get they name up.......ANYTHING
Stages of waiting for a text message. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+2764> sent message <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> 1 minute <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> 2 minutes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> 5 minutes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> 10 minutes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0> 15 minutes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A> 30+ minutes
happy birthday brotha!
Full-time junior social media/content strategist position. If you're interested, follow me so I can DM you my email to send a resume
US only or WW? Any word on the amount spent on endorsements?
Good luck Dave and Team Panda! Hope it goes smoothly so you can all get home and catch up on your sleep!
why ? i did .... i accept everyone XD
Ditto! Anything for another Packer fan :)
betta get that checked out
Wine tasting at Vinid'Italia with
it was her gender that tipped you off? (good luck)
i hate fake hair n nails , yo
haha! Love you too!(:
#iLoveWhenYou be a SUPER FREAK!")
And yes I am!
Saw either the same car or 1 similar on the way to V21 recently on Capital.
I was waiting on doodie she was with her people.
"This day goes down in the books & down in the shitter," said by me, today. Made me laugh (I'm rarely clever ;)). I guess all is not lost.
Ugh I love big purses but I hate em at the sametime I put to much junk in them
#chucknorris Niagra Falls is the result of one of Chuck's legendary cannon balls.
thanks for the follow!!! We won't dissapoint!!
YOUR WELCOME!! Hottie
Roy Hodgson won&#39;t excite the fans claims supporter
My friends find it very weird when I said tweeple today, aha I love you guys. Amazing day Barretts tomorrow and tired lol #score night
Awesome! Watching it from above. :) #GOA2011 RT : Been too busy to tweet so far at - our booth is hopping!
Author Anne Patchett has opened an indie bookstore in Nashville. It is an understatement to say that she is bucking the tide. Bravo!
Should I start a blog? Is my life that interesting?
#808Pride god made dirt dirt dont heart put in that trixs food and make it work
You're the best pooks!
I remember the html tag days of black planet Lmao!
We are at #dataconnectors conference in San Francisco shooting a promo for about web security rode down with
Happy New Year!! Cheers to a beautiful 2012 of dreaming big! #anythingspossible <U+E418>
So tired. Finally leaving work! Very happy!
I want coffee....tea without caffeine is not ok!!!
We can't access usage logs, so as with all our research we do have to rely on people's self-reported behaviors (1 of 2)
u hear him on that slight work remix?!
Of course, but he has the cojones to speak out. It means a lot RT Obama support for Gay marriage is just to get votes.
Newest Steeler, Beachum, benched 15 less reps than DeCastro at the combine, pathetic for a big guy. Beachum = soff
When does it stop being partly cloudy and start being partly sunny?
it smelt like AASSSSS ;D
In an admitted relationship...
Sexy am I?
havent been on here for a few days :/
Updated resume.. and working on looking for a job again. This time trying it out on various websites online.
how long yu dwn that way
I can get a new phone,but the dont know which one to get :/
The new Zone Alarm is the first version that's been invasive and buggy. :(
Im def a chocolate monster right now!!!mm m good!
I need a twitter app for my iPhone that doesn't crash...
Board of Directors meeting tonight to discuss strategies for IRS and home-related debt. Should be interesting!
If you a nigga, you nosey as fuck and love drama. You're bitch made and should seek death.
": #Sagittarius get so bummed when they realize not everyone has an open, loving heart."
I hate how chocolates immediately melt on my fingers. I mean .. am I that hot?
; we have a new sports fanatic on our team. Excited for and UK
u know me...they keep coming spreadin like a wild fire! lmao..how hv u been?
that's cool! Check out !
Really brilliant comments. Put the question on Twitter during university-wide faculty meeting aboutt general ed requirements.
Honky, please!
Thanks for the RT Jay. By the way, I was reading about Platform Moon - sounds amazing.
I guess having an elderly man hit on you isn’t too hot. AND Yup, saw em. Don't really like them, but they are so fun live.
yes we are =D
Accidentally had the car door slightly opened while going through a car wash lmao
I rather tan in a tanning bed,then sit outside for hours.
Hi Nicole! I am now!
Thanks! RT : Great breakfast the new nutella lefse rock. Great local place and nice folks!
Purchase DuoView now, get accelerated depreciation worth $16,000 back in tax rebates; we pay your 1st 10 payments! BEST XMAS PRESENT EVER!
&#39;Dancing with the Stars&#39; Week 4 recap
I wish my phone wasn't being so fuckin retarded
You should try promoting the network. Other then being on Twitter. . No one knows its on. Do a street survey and you will see.
back at'cha.
My biological clock is ticking like this(stompostomp,stomp), and the way this case is going, I ain't never getting married!
I didn't even know it had happened until ppl DM'd me. Have no idea why my Twitter sent that out. Virus or hack, I suppose. Sorry!
Yay! You guys are so close! How is the drive going?
My head hurtss.
you don't know that, you can't help who you fall in love with
Hal Abelson : "the academy needs to embrace openness to stay true to their core values."
something about Tumblr that i just kept going back to when deciding between it and Wordpress, not sure why, fun though.
Good things come tothose who wait, butbetter things come tothose who go out and get them.
We will be offering free cupcake samples at Saturday’s Pumpkin Festival in Havana 32333.
Is better to be SINGLE for your entire liferather than being in a relationship with a bad couple for one minute.
Boston loves what you do! Keep up the good work!!
Great photo man. Seriously.
We just got back from a break and I'm already sick of school...
My jello molds have never been as well received than by 80-something church ladies. Target audience has been found.
frustrated with this companies efficiency and custom service...
What a crazy day! Ahghhhhh!!!
OOOHHHHHH god one...LMAO>>>LMAO...The dude actually look like Romney now you mention it lol
Just be nice to the gentlemen, fancy, they'll be nice to you
Lol. ok im done
get better fast!
makes** .... Auto correct just has to jump in.. xo
For the love of God!!!!! Give the kids a win!!!! They're good kids!!!!
I LOVE DOOL & it has just hit a new high point! Started watching when I was young. U & EJ are amazing actors! A+++
Honestly credit isn't worth using, if you want something do it the old way- save up for it and pay cash.
I still haven't seen Mikey in the audience yet. ;(
Best Actress winner. Woo.. =)))
Doing some computer work now, planning a nice long walk with the dog for tomorrow
hahaha, love that site
All I wanna do is have some fun, I got a feeling I'm not the only one! ~ Sheryl Crow
Second suck out double up of the day, w00t, 65k
RT : S/O to Dj'ing @ the #PennRelays again. Make it count bro. Make sure y'all go check him out under the nike tent!
Good Morning #Seattle! How are your allergies? Let yourself enjoy this summer without a runny nose & itchy eyes through ACUPUNCTURE!
and to all of our other new followers THANK YOU for the follow!
first night at home after jamaica! bbrrrrrrrrrrr!
Dancing is my passion, I feel so free.
awesome twitter name!
hey amber
It's gonna snow here in 2 weeks Yepp when temps will be 47/31 and 51/25
how you doing 24. This coach C buddy in denver
Thanks to everyone who came out to the show tonight! It was cool seeing a bunch of friends and family there!
they might be retiring march 15. I will double check
iDK..SHE WAS ON THE FLOOR THE WHOLE TiME AFTER LUNCH...
what?! has gaping holes in their data? Blasphemy.
I'll make it #twitterbeeftuesday if I wanna!
Save the Date - No Pants AZ Light Rail ride set for Jan 9th. Details coming soon!
I wish I lived in Holland in the 40s, I would house all the Americans.
I hate when people make scenes.
Great day for Wisconsin Sports fans Brewers win the first game of the NLCS and Packers beat Atlanta on Sunday Night Football
can you tell ppl I'm in Twitter jail?
"Just think- next time I shoot someone, I could be arrested." - Frank Drebin (The Naked Gun, 1988)
"Alright, I finished this song. I kinda wanna ruin it, though. Get me Jeezy's number."
<U+2605> Stop by our booth at Simchapalooza today at Cleveland Marriott East & see what we can do for your next party or event!!! <U+2605>
Omg wish me luck
just seeing this now!
Someone tried to break in my backyard I see <U+E40E>
I agree
Headline: liberals/Dems block democracy in Wisconsin while calling majority fascists. Wow, what hypocrisy!!
that just got favorited, LMAO I need a t sihrt that says I can take care of myself I don't need a baby
You better put some #sunscreen on...gettin' red, there! Listen to your #friendly neighborhood #meteorologist... :-)
was the last great work of Frederick Olmsted.
When a fan girl's leggings are so stretched out you can see straight through them <
go tanning!!
My computer crashed while I was recording strawberry swing...
that would be GREAT! I'd hate to miss out on being one of the lucky 40
feel me sis
Very good
Just ordered my Raspberry Pi! Next step: smartify all the things in my apt!
Happy National High Five Day! Stop by our office (739 SW 10) from 9-5pm today & give us a high five for $10 free driving.
Were you able to tune in and listen to me on Mamavation last night?
what is going on. Tell Minnie hi and what a boring game.
Sounds delicious!
When someone says "the studios don't get it" they mean "the blue line is much higher than the studios think".
it was just a dream. Nobody like Pete Campbell that much.
Just listened to "What Makes You Beautiful" and I'm actually starting to like (why r they so good?!?!)
love that song!
I agree RT : Q1) need to get comfortable with "getting better" rather than perfect
what time?
The truth is rarely pure and never simple
Thanks for organizing the speed networking event last night with Society of Professional Journalists (SPJ). Fantastic idea!
Last day on set tomorrow. Then some rest....
so true! She can be pretty silly at times too.
lol their coming, i see you over there working on something
dude, I'm heading to 'lola's' to eat too. Lola is my grandmother x]
IDCM paper- Done. Commence studying for 11am Final
happy birthday man.
it is not ok 2 tell another man he was a cute baby...lmfao
prestige worldwide.
#Knicks clinch third playoff spot in 12 years.
you work is so beautiful.
Remember the 40 pitch 1st inning against Boston? (Sarcasm was noted btw)
Chilling with house watching the game..
Dis bad ass cold I got wnt goo away I then try everything n it still fuckn wit me tuff :(
OMM! OHHHMYMAHONE!! finally clipped me <3 thank you so much!!
GCB was cancelled?! LOVED that show! So devastating... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Break legs. RT : AUDITION: AMEX Industrial
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment.
Texans @ Broncos on Sept. 23 is the leader in the clubhouse, by a long way, for our sorta-yearly away trip.
Yes, but not at the prices paid for them. We can't figure out how to make that work.
I'm so excited! It took a long time and a lot of work but it's finished now and it feels so good!
I'm in that boat too honey! Maybe you'll get to watch some interesting characters walk through the door today... =)
If you get bored you could always come to a swim practice RT "Long relaxing day of doing nothing but movies"
89 days and counting until the wedding!
We are young. We have heart. Born in this world as it all falls apart.
#SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet.. Will that #SOMEDAY me now? <3 1
Happy Monday! Today on the show, we're talking #Marlins, #Heat, #Dolphins and whatever YOU want to talk about. Let's do this!
Ok so were we taking a brake or are we breaking up. Let's just brake up and don't tell me
We all made mistakes & regrets we can't change, but we can control today and tomorrow. Make a change
hi everyone. How is the ladies tonight?
Email VIP support about that one.
Many thanks for the offer ... We were chained to a meeting table with 10 others unfortunately
Still going strong during Draft Day here at 2010 SUPERDRAFT. Making your plans for next year yet?
#ncvs just raced a 5- yr old with a roller bag down a Dallas airport concourse. He won.
Children ages newborn to 2 are invited to Francis Branch Lapsits every Wednesday in March at 10:15am. For more information call 282-4641.
RT they covered gotye on glee. now my two least favorite things in the world have merged. awesome.
(c) so I'm just going to tweet saying "me you my room now." Haha!
Happy Monday, Tweeps. We open in half an hour for lunch! Come on in and cool off!
Currently listening to: Infinite Orange - End Of The Rainbow
Beginning the hockey mom season...
Awesome hire. MT : It's official: I'm moving to San Francisco to cover tech startups for / Can't wait!
great job!
So honored to be linked to Self Help Africa! Thats why we love Twitter!
Men's club.
i dont give a klunk if you shuck-face talks to me like that i'll throw you off the buggin' cliff -Maze Runner Referance
Lol. Well, if you want your ears to bleed, then that's your choice (x
+1 RT : "Ask yourself what makes you come alive and go do that. For the world needs more people that have come alive" -H Thurman
I stand right back up. I'm stronger then ever before.
RT : Do you favor a regicide or, um, a DIFFERENT regicide? York or Lancaster, pal? Or, as we put it at OLM, Maitzen or Donoghue?
Hey, you said its a SCORCHER down there in Orlando, whats the temperature? Its 83 degrees up here in Indy.
A cold-blooded killer, or a man betrayed by his son? A Broward jury starts deciding today. Details at 5:30 am
that's an understatement
omg. This dog stinks. omg
Can't wait to do Valentines Dinner with the hubby tonight!
Love the Bedlingtons. First time I ever saw one, at first sight I thought it was a lamb.
Got Chik-fil-a for Mia and the kids meal toy was a book about #Confucius. Maybe next month they'll have a book about
With Weeks out, Lucroy is batting 2nd today for the #Brewers. I think he should stay there for a while...
Even if we don't get any more rain this month, we'll still end up above average for May!
Ok so apparently steamed broccoli stinks up the hallways at work. Oops ;)
The flea can jump an average of 350 times its body length. This is comparable to a human jumping the length of a football field
Good morning twitter fam! It's our 200th tweet! YAYY :) What's going on in the world today?
love it. Thanks brayan
deleted so many useless dm's blahh
Budget now on House floor. Conway says $250 million in new revenue needed.
Seeking a part time Librarian in #DC. Duties include consolidation of print library collections and reduction of print publications.
Anyone have a live stream for Philly-Seattle game?
“: “: It costs a lot of money to look this cheap. Dolly Parton” That's a good one!” too funny!
?? Do you have free roadside assistance? You can request a better service, request Pop-A-Lock!!
Must..get..coffee. These yawns are killin me right now.
my hometown...Dayton...well Kettering, Ohio
closet gamers, come on out!
#Grammys was full of Adele .... Phenomenal!
Cases are pretty much unobtainable at the moment. I have a bunch of Hitachino white, red rice and ginger in bottles
thanks so much for the follow! If we can help with a mattress or new furniture for maybe a client please let us know!
Tomorrow is the Republican Presidential Primary for Registered Republicans. Don't Forget to Vote.
Ever tried. Ever failed. No matter. Try again. Fail again. Fail better. ~Samuel Beckett
LOL If only u really knew smh but im back home
I caress my water bottle.
I speak French :)
WHY IS NO ONE ELSE EXCITED ABOUT THIS????!!!!
Alli Sports and Mountain Dew Announce Long Term Extension and New Dew Tour
Funny: the day after Obama declared support for same-sex marriage, two of my roomies are having their (long-planned) (same-sex) wedding. :)
haha me: 0 - but im doing the makeup for them, so I have to schedule trials to see what they want done
"Are you ladies going up?" "Yes." "NO WAY ME TOO!"
FOOD FUNNIES: Why couldn't the sesame seed leave the gambling casino? Because he was on a roll!
woot woooot #irvine. Miss your face!!!
Food Rage
#3WordsForYou I miss you.. :(
Are you in a rush and in need of a boost? Drive thru and get your free iced coffee today!
when lets hope its when i gots some money..u know he like to bleed me dry lol
Incredible photograph of the sunrise glowing through a dead fish&#39;s eye
Well yea sure can you come at 12;30
how time can just slow down for effin reason
“: Gronk missed the ball on the hail Mary by 1 ft if hes ankle wasnt injured sports sciences proved that he would have caught it"
#MaxiTeal by is a FAB color and now making it's way into my latest #PIXEL-Micro!
I really can't see you as a Stone Cold Steve Austin or anything of that sort.
I am trying to fit it into everything I say today ;)
#JasmineVMemories when jasmine told us on u-stream she ran over a squierl :o lol
A caller on this AM said Tim Tebow was playing well because it was God's will. Beliefs aside, I find this idea FASCINATING.
Good luck!
welcome to the hood! You're gonna love it. Headin to a party across town. You?
Fighting my car's bad alignment while I drive is a wonderful work-out for my arms.
At a rest-stop, sleeping in my tiny car... Life is strange sometimes...
#TimeManagementTip: Identify your priorities. Locate deadlines, expire items, etc. These should be in the top of your list!
Looking forward to tonight's #PRSSA chat starting now on career preparation & development!
Thanks, Will! It was a ton of fun, and we made it to the finish line. Next up, I wanna try for a half-marathon!
How is everyone's #SXSW going?
It's meow or never.
I wear a lot for my job as a lawyer. It's the dress code. But no, I wouldn't sell mine.
When clients asks for a new site, app, or social media campaign they're asking for the same thing: a digital transformation to compete
We will be at The Loft in Arlington, TX tonight for Rock the Loft! Doors open @ 6:30! See you there!
sweet tip, daddy!
Experimenting bejeweling my mannequin w/African beads, cotton liberty prints and brass... yum!
aww well now you could chill (;
I wish I could forget you like I forget everything i've studied before a test.
Me: "why are you wearing a button-up and jersey shorts?" Rube: "shut up bitch" -Rube Sheeber
HAHA HILARIOUS!!! can you plxxzzzz follow me?? imm a huuuugggeeeeeeeee fan of yours and i would love<U+2665> to talk to you :)
I am determine to meet one day <3 i have to see my future hubby (;
I hate Crying. -______-
follow me maybe J ?
QUOTES: Either you run the day or the day runs you. -Jim Rohn
I like how we're basically attached at the hip. Love you, best friend <3
Moulin Rouge is one of my faves! It's over the top in a good way!
Hey Zayn!!! :D I'm supposed to be in class reading but instead I'm here tweeting you! Follow me please?
Not going to school tomorrow and spending the day with my chunky niece, brother &sister-in-law at the hospital instead. :)
Lester Hudson to Jeremy Lin: HOLD MUH DICK
BarDivaz is an all-female bartending service. We provide services for private parties, weddings, birthdays and corporate events.
you know it
i wish i could give you one .-.
Moviefone is more entertaining if you read everything in the voice of the old Moviefone guy
'Walk' will be on my IPod before my next run! fighters
Thanks :) RT : Thank you - My vehicles will never be serviced anywhere else!
Wowza! Heavy weights from Monday are painful today! Do you get most sore one or two days after strength training?
THX good way to start the week ; )
Gotta think of what to give my mommy for mother's day... That lady has everything... Smh
we can burn brighter than the sun (8)
They say I'm too fake, fuck it I'm paid. I can't even find an empty spot up in my safe.
Anyone else having trouble with #Blackboard Mobile Learn app crashing?
where the pictures, tell Mack he is slacking on his pimping lmao
Had the honor of performing at Maggie Daley's memorial service yesterday. Wonderful patron of the arts. She will be missed...
you are so inspirational! I want to be just like you!
Seriously! Every time I see the replay I keep wondering why AGon was looking at Rhymes and couldn't see something was wrong.
nurseSHANAE girl I never went back imma go order them
I think I feel the exact some way--the Robyn song kicked up a huge grump reaction on my part.
lol fml . tonight's just not my night . .
yesterday?? i saw just replying 2 YOUR tweets, not the other way around...wow, you are THAT stupid lol...
Happy Earth Day to all my Friends!
Hate that Josh Thompson can't be here for the show tonight at Sloppy Joe's! I'll be Sloppy Joe's sloppy 2nds and filling in at 8! Bring it!
damn yesterday was interesting, quickies, my alcohol tolerance disappeared, won some scratch on keno, & delicious guinness knockoff beer
VINYL HOURS RADIO on now A Night of Soul with Stax recording artists from 7pm -9pm (pt)
Mega Bloks Play &#39;n Go Table Reviews | Toy Train Tables
is wondering how many of her fellow southerners are going to try to start a fire by deep frying a turkey this Thanksgiving.
Happy New Year to all my Twitter Friends! Have a safe and happy new year...
Sarkozy's positions were as much a result of France's small bargaining power as his choices. Hollande will soon have to adopt most of them.
Haha, awesome! Thanks, I def will.
Follow Bitter Sober on Twitter!
Poor Puck ):
“: “: Over or under Kobe with 28 shot attempts?” <-- over.” WAY Over!!!
Just ate a burrito the size of my thigh.
THANKS Amy! It was great to meet you, and you were so sweet and helpful! Thanks for the hug;)
I have a Fifty Shades of Grey hangover! Book 3 kept me up way past my bedtime. I need about 50 cups off coffee, one for each shade of grey.
Just Absolutely bugged! Gabbbyyyy! #NYR beauty.
YEAH..NELLIE!! OK TIGERS FANS..START HEADING OUT!!
psh you should see me right now, it's like only drizzling and I'm hiding in my closet with my cats. #YOLO hahahaha
why only "ladies"? it is 2012, you need to be a little more open-minded.
#WHITEHOUSE The Response to #SOTU Already underway speaks of uniting while dividing us on everything POTUS espoused. Its our broken system
The permafrost comes did cover the Earth. Now begins the age of cold darkness.
you got a bodega though lol
Yankees hit 3 grand slams in last night's game. Good karma for today. Writing, dissecting the work of Cole Porter, practice, and sprints.
have a nice & blessed day. All the best to the both of u!
haha! I do that too. Or upside down or sideways too.
love your Living in Syria painting!
Please don't go to Boston. Please don't go to Boston. Please don't go to Boston. Please don't go to Boston. Please don't go to Boston.
Happy Easter!
This week's #TrendsTues topic is.......
stay in the moment & create...
That moment when you start twitter about 3 years after everyone else and you don't know what the heck is going on xD!
you're still my little sister <3 forever
You can tell a lot about someone's personality by the way they clean the snow off their car
Watching Wife Swap while I'm supposed to be doing homework.. haaha
hey can't we share the birthday month? #maybirthdays Actually, I don't even want to think about what age I'm turning.
Alan Kay: "Reality is a waking hallucination." "We hit the baseball without really seeing it."
"Man cannot live on chocolate alone, but woman sure can."
TIP: Using an overdrive gear on the highway reduces engine speed, saving both fuel and engine wear.
I Spy MadAce out running a big explosion.... :-p
Coffee, laptop, desktop and a Joomla 2.5 project on my plate.
Commission meeting with line drawers. Watch live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov.
You ladies sure do know how to throw a fab event ! cc.
yes, we all know.
Jeanyhwh Desulme, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
"Luck" last night, premiering on HBO. David Milch showrunner. Nolte and Hoffman and a bang-up cast. Looks promising.
I also have the theme song for mario brothers in my head (not helping)
Hanging out at #Franklin #TN #buylocal biz Maxximo Jo's before picking up the kids...
Modesty forbids what the law does not. ~ Seneca
We're SO excited for the game today! GO SU! Our founder went to SU, so we're routing for you guys!
I guess they claim won't get takin care of so I guess u ain't gon get a good review
Hah! To each his/her own. I used to needlepoint, but can't get behind this project. ;)
Dear Radio Station, I missed it. I've been waiting since 8 and I freaking missed it. PLAY IT AGAIN. Love, Mahomies who missed it.
Chandler council to discuss universities' presence in city The University of Arizona and Arizona State University have expressed interest
Talking to Hertz about what kind of vehicle I should rent to take 8 people and instruments to Toronto. So far we agree that it should be big
I feel it
Hello right back at you! I hope you have a great weekend. :)
#SiTeSoySincero You'd admit you really like me.
Hehe so am I, finally sun, vacation, sleeping, partying, seeing friends and all ;D & haha yes indeed! xo <U+2665>
Have you said #yes today?
Edit it for us girl! RT CHIME IN: What do you think of covering the November issue of ESSENCE!
Baltimore News 24/7: Update: afternoon news, weather, sports from ...
Hm. did I mention your brother is my favorite child? HA HA HA HA HA H AH!!!!
Crap. I have to get a swab done. I MIGHT HAVE STREP. NO
Showing "Rinse the Blood from My Toga" afterward helps enormously.
That is amazing! LOVE LOVE LOVE
+1 no matter what sw you talk about. Hardcoded styles maddening in all CMS " This hardcoded clear div is really rankling my nerves"
#mythoughtsatschool thank god this smelly girl left my table
T-Shirt Tues @ Sonic #Baltimore -Get a cool Sonic T-Shirt for $3 w/ purchase-ask 4 T when ordering from patio or car stall (not Drive-thru).
James Tice F'12: update & republish Forma Urbis Romae, a cartographic masterpiece of ancient Rome, as an interactive website.
You'll probably get a few screeners in the mail tomorrow then!
The suspense will have to wait until tomorrow. Grim outlook on a.full time position but they want me to run day to day operations. Not bad.
Today my boss is blasting the Smiths. I am a happy girl.
FDR said that 12/7/41 was a day "that will live in infamy", much like Obama's entire Presidency.
Walker aide says $123 million in cuts present “operational challenges and opportunities to each agency in varying degrees.”
awesome! I'll be here
thanks Jacob!
I smell privitization...
Thanks a lot. At this point in the process, I will take any and all positive comments. P.S. So jealous you live and study in CR.
There's a children's book about that lighthouse. I didn't realize it was so very small until I saw it.
Congrats on selling your book! My daughter also rides the short bus. Looking forward to your book!
ditch your car. Take the light rail.
OH fuckin kick ass! You rule the world!! yay!
Thanks for reading!
Yessir. I have so much stuff I want to get done, but idk where to start ughh & I'd hope not, I'm awesome lol
FYI: = Minnesota charming
Today's gift card winner is ANDREA LONG. Congratulations!
please don't use ur phone in the bathroom... can't the person ur on with hear ur doing the do??
Thanks for the RT ! Hope you are having a productive Marketing Monday
Full tankers >>>>
BSOS proudly welcomes guests to our Spring 2012 Open House. Join us at 10 a.m. today in Key Hall to learn more about our amazing community!
#dontactlikeyounever dreamed of what it would b like to have Opras money
Florence Welch, has my babies plezzzee
Thanks for the RT and happy painting
if I dont go there again it cant happen duh
- Welcome! Thanks for following! Perhaps we can work together in the future! Robin Lynch Aerialist
....I know its coming...but when...I'm waitin...
ad ribs!! Yum! RT : What a great weekend! Thanks to everyone! Now get ready for #AllYouCanEatRibs !!! We open at 5!
Thank you! You just made our day too!
Same ol' same ol' give us a follow friday shout out and we'll return the favor! <3
OMG I KNOW! <3
Great. Now the center button (the button used for EVERYTHING) on my phone isnt working. FML
Sorry to hear! We're working on making it better. Let us know what you're looking for if you want us to keep our eyes peeled
Pay your balance due to the IRS with a MasterCard, Discover, Visa credit card and Bill Me Later at www.payUSAtax.com.
why do you say that?
i know..lol how are you?
seems to be the concensous! Lol
on my way to 's house yeeee
Me too(:
Want to count your #drupa steps? Visit the #Xerox Social Media Cafe hall 8b & pick up a FREE pedometer & say "My feet ache!"
To : A New York Lunch - Get me the best one out there!!!
Yay! That's what finding aids are for! Oh, and it's
Want another piece of pineapple
PDL clubs are holding tryouts now - have you contacted the LI Rough Riders?
Might just need a venti this morning..
Last year, I asked Santa for the sexiest person ever for Christmas.. I woke up in a box.
Love me or leave me in !!! Love this movie!!!!
Long Island can't be much better :(
Don't think running and then #writing are good for earth plane. Heads in the clouds.
good morning world! lets go ride some horses!
ME AND MY BOO CAN MAKE PLANS AND WE GO FORGET ABOUT IRENE..... ,
"If you cling to your life, you will lose it; if you give it up for me, you will find it." Matthew 10:39
Park in the driveway, drive in the parkway, this is way too confusing.
I've never met an Italian I didn't like!!! Nice to meet you!
Are you really responsible for bringing Wing stop to the West Coast?
I am going on record as saying I am anti-Pedro, pro-Halladay. Go Phils.
I do. I watched some of the last season at Lost Love Lounge.
thank you, ik
Playing callathon at school.
Staar was stupid. They be putting questions we never even study like "who the fuck is photosynthesis?"
Hope everybody had a great day today.
I already have "Chia Pet" hair without the high winds....
Giving new meaning to Going Green! Personally I can't deal with reusable bags- I'm just too freaked out by the germs.
Why No perform!? That's no show without her
If you die in an elevator make sure that you press the UP button! --- The INSANE Cousins
i am a born again believer who happens to work in a public school. We support for public ed among our Republicans.
same people probably think Obama's father's religion is game or his long lost aunt's blah blah blah
I'll be sure to bring that up ! I agree! Lunches and breakfasts at school are non nutritious, unhealthy, and gross!
if by nudge you mean go through a stack of external hard drives for me, then nudge away!
Thank YOU! Tulsa was fantastic! RT : Thank you to everyone who attended #prsasw conference. We hope you enjoyed your time in Tulsa
Can't wait to get booked on the #MMD schedule..... this shoot is gonna be
Watching Best Ink with Viggle Tue | 10PM | Oxygen HD (Pacific) Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Have you ever had an animal change your life?
in a limo blasting What Makes You Beautiful (: this is the life <3 xD
#Udonis #Haslem's season might be over
aw. c: thank you!
Turkey Day is COMING!!!!! M turkey,ham, and everything else
Read this week's issues of Swamp Thing, Animal Man, and the Hellraiser annual.
I'll be right over! :-)
Magic Mike ;) yummy
Thanks for the follow! Boston is our home away from home! Yes, we're in love with her too!
Top 10 celebrity #foundations tonight at 7:30pm EST
Day at Brookwood Community!! Big thanks for being great friends to all the citizens here!
ok and then what !! What yu trying tell us !!!!!?
“: #wewontwork if you lie to me, just tell me truth and i wouldnt get that mad.”
how bout you take it off. ;)
House goes to bench with fourth foul.
An amazing production underway at CoHo Productions right now -- Reasons To Be Pretty. Superbly directed and acted, loved it.
Maddy, you are SO talented...Touring soon seems inevitable! (Dear, BA...HINT, HINT!)
Americas Got Talent :)
Chris Webber more or less just told Blake Griffin not to be Vlade Divac.
praying for #Woodward, OK where overnight tornadoes killed 5, injured 30 others. World Visions's Disaster hub in Dallas prepared to help
If "Safe and Sound" is any indication of how good the Hunger Games will be, then I definitely HAVE to go the the premiere.
But I still think that's mean, blaming me for making it awkward! I don't even know what I did -.- ....... <AB
Honey, I'm home!!
": One Direction will be releasing a new book called 'Story So Far ' on 1st September 2012" Ah!!! :D
it's crazy! We need to get you to a show soon! #jakewithdrawals lol
This usually is a factor with younger job seekers,
RT : Chrysler expects strong earnings from international sales, plasma donation, and "a breathtaking intervention by God."
Have a great and safe Memorial Day Weekend!!
I cant :( but thanks for letting me know.
At least it didn't start with kittens and then move to porn.
Hey bro, definitely looking forward to spending some time with you guys.
*blows kisses waves back* how u been sweetie?
- Headphones in . Volume high . And ignore the world
Guess I'm gonna make a sandwich
that is so neat!!!!
Thxs.. I talked to Charlie the other day its in the works..
That was my next guess.
Lololol I can be lame as fuuck sometimes too. xD
is the nicest food truck. Yummy too. Moroccan chicken sub w/ pineapple. They even gave me chips! See you again soon.
omg a big tornado hit Joplin?! I hope and his family and friends are okay </3
I've been waiting for you to finally make a comment about this game.
Update from Sessions Stadium.... vs Belmont 320pm First Pitch!! #raindelay P Drew Woods gets the nod for the Fins!!
finished a major milestone in a six-month project today. Next step, bata testing round two. Very exciting!
yo coach, invest in me, I'd make my hours whatever, you hungry at 3am baam, restaurant open! ha, hook a cook and my dream!
”Loving is not just looking at each other, its looking in the same direction...”
U dont like me:p i dont care
One time for all the small business owners out there that take no days off. RECESSION PROOF MINDSET.
Erik....does that even make sense? Lol
lol. I think he is a bum! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
My mind wants to get up and do something fun today but my body just won't get out of bed
Although my Caps lost im still riding with them.. that was a great series evn though we didn't win the series we played quality hockey
#HowGreatIsOurGod is the greatest TT on twitter yet... RT if you agree
The mobile cart will be at K-Mart on US31 South in #Greenwood today. Come on down and get a "Spicy Chili Dog" and say Hi...c u there !
After work I'm getting my nails and toes they look crazy plus I have a shoot next week
today out of the attic went to bethel tate high school. students learned from the testimonies and artifacts and our educator, joey.
I believe everyone is looking forward to this episode Forgiveness is a blessing which allows positive breakthroughs.
#WeWontWorkOut if you're not stocky and have a nice sense of style
... one word, ANDERSON
I see you changed your bio !!!
Missed Meat Lover's Wednesday? Take $2 off any regular-priced combo tomorrow for Pre Payday Thursday!
There is also inequality in transfer income and income derived from assets. It's about more than inequality from employment earnings.
#MUSICREVIEWS As the crowd eagerly awaited their headliners in a packed out Shepherds Bush empire, Tribes finally made their way on stage
let me know if ur interested in covering speech lang path in adults &/or children I'd b happy 2 write! It covers many areas
I don't understand
keep working hard...let me know if I can help
Yeah! I can take "Cover Girl" off my bucket list now....
Self-employed or outside sales? What are you doing today to bring in customers tomorrow? Share your best technique.
"I literally tore shit up in the bathroom"
It would be awesome if followed my new account :)
Traffic on the IB Kennedy is a big mess this afternoon.
Women do not find it difficult nowadays to behave like men, but they often find it extremely difficult to behave like gentlemen.
"After every sunny day came a stormy night. That's when Finner would say - Keep your heads held high." ::of monsters and men::from finner::
when i have no friends at softball because and aren't there<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
can't wait for you any longer... October please come quicker!
So glad Zack Greinke didn't play pickup basketball this offseason. Outstanding start.
it'll be in the 50s most of the game though
We already have our tickets to the Hunger Games! Anyone else?
Made a Pokemon reference today in improv practice and not ONE person understood it. I love being 22.
Roswell high-school coach David Lawrence was found not guilty of criminal sexual contact with a minor—so he can have his job back, right?
Raised over $13k last night when we hosted the Charlottesville Future Fund dinner here at The Clifton. GOOD JOB !!!
Congrats to for exceeding 2 million mark for tickets sold this season, marking the fastest climb to the milestone in team history!
Watching th Grammy's in a room packed full of Berklee students is NOT fun...I'm sure you could guess why.
If you don't change your beliefs, your life will be like it is forever
Chef Adam and Steve bar ROCK!! Got my chili! Yaaaaay!
I'll let you pick your game (or games). I have all 81 games.
I now have a cellular talker capable of the tweetings. Much fun ensue!
same here but im tired of american food, since im surrounded by it, but anything without meat ill eat it ^-^
my dude sean
i agree.. 100%
MY PHONE BUTTONS ARE STILL STICKING!!!
I need an escape. Nothing is worst than being trapped in your own home.
I think I'm gonna play basketball this morning for cardio. I always imagine I'm dunking on
I dont see those 'skers? “: Teams with 3 bowl wins since 2008: #Iowa, #Florida, #floridastate,
see you tonight man.
What the hell is Sanchez doing?!
Current topic at #pubcampwest - Why aren't our orgs more OF the community, instead of having to "visit" them as outsiders? esp. in
Everything happens for a reason.
let me hear u
Have you caught the acting bug? Sign up for the Performance Workshop Wednesday at 2! Learn the basics of acting and have a blast doing it!
great - thank you!
Any of my followers using ? Opinions?
oh ya, I still have an AgentG circle. Thx
“I'm tired of seeing great women in bullshit relationships.”
LSP of course! RT Subjective: Better for the league this year? LIVESTRONG park opening OR the Timbers / Sounders rivalry?
Adam Dunn strike out vs a lefty? Did not see that one coming.
Cage Match- Shia vs George.
Lex for sure. And it'll be much cheaper.
Congratulations Assemblymember Mary Salas and Councilmember Rudy Ramirez on your endorsements from the San Diego Democratic Club!
thanks for letting me know. I was just up in your neck of the woods. Keep me posted PLEASE.
If you want me to follow you tweet me your username. I connected it to my other Twitter so it doesn't find y'all as friends ;)
but the idea that you should pay 10% of your income for 10 years and then get it wiped away is STUPID.
Nothing better than a clean mouth!
No Problem Kiddo (:
thankyou! Just a shame I've had to pay all that money for a non-working phone for all those months. Not ideal.
#HBO has a new #movie, Hemingway & Gellhorn (#ErnestHemingway 's 3rd wife) starring #CliveOwen &
ah feel like going home
i have learned more in that review class than i have all year with mr mancino. thanks ms reed :)
It takes all of my being not to refer to it as a hip hopera.
So glad that he cancel class tomorrow at 4:00-550
When you doing that
consider yourself warned for the party upstairs R. Swisher.
That's awesome! Let me know when you get settled in and I'll book a ticket on the Hiawatha.
#threewordstoliveby : Tap into savings! Free app download let's you save $ in the 916 and wherever you go. www.tapintosavings.com.
Today sucks!!!
UNSCENE Urban Navigator is online!
Avoiding glancing at the trending topic feed of Blair and Dan...I can't watch it until tomorrow!!!!
It's not a meteor it's a cookie wand!!!
Ill Die For My Niggas
nice background(;
No, thank you for the follow!! We love to connect with other local businesses
He's Hot.
lol. Tracking from my phone. Out of the house. :)
Maryland came back in the last 2 min and won the game
Great. There's literally no hot water anywhere in this house. I need to shower. I feel so ew.
Left my homies house paid, picked up a girl I been tryna fuck since the 12th grade
I can do everything web, and Apple. But you would need others for cydia and the android market.
Feels re-connected. Lets do this!
I love that my rich kid private school is located in the <U+2764>of the ghetto!
fuck you bella
Never regret something that once made you smile.
Maximum Fighting Championship announces Carvalho vs. Lima at MFC 32
I was blessed wit a gift so why not share dat shyt
HUH? You need subtitles
“ It is an illusion to believe that ideology is enough. Some call it tough love, but it simply is the truth.”
FRANK THE TANK! FRANK THE TANK! Lol": You My Boy Blue!"
Aw thank you boo!
hahaha! I feel like ever since I've come home that's all I do.. Lucky! Mines only 11, so I still have 5 more years.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
For 5 rounds I watched Bones Jones humiliate Evans and make him look like an amateur; I loved every min of it
Hey! Thanks for all the new follows! Great day at
Someone come share this wine? It is so good! (If you like moscato, Bella Sera is great and a great price!)
YOUTH TRAVELING BASKETBALL TEAMS - Be a part of the Peace Day 2011 Basketball Tournament for FREE!!! For more information, contact us NOW!
My thighs still hurt from dancing the Dougie. I think I'll quit the gym and start a Dougie regimen...
About to chill with.
Ty you wont even eat half that!!......so share the rest with yaa boy<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I hate waking up to check my wallet and see my money missing.. great.
Another great productive day on it's way.
He said wsssp , & we watchnn Diary of a Wimpy kid
what are you talking about?
*raises eyebrow*
oh and i wish my mom wasnt a bitchh.
All nighter? I think so!
Farewell, Girl Scout cookies. As always, it was a (guilty) pleasure. See you next year.
I'm here most of the summer. Let me know if you head this way!
I love you.
What's really sad is that Pilar hits harder than Prime ever did
Seriously she's down by over 7k voter totals. She must be crazy, bcs that is impossible to overcome!
#FF this guy!
idk it still says processing but it's not saved in my pictures!
FOLLOW BACK !
From John this morning, "You guys are so great. Everything was quick and painless."
A Conversation at Ten Chimneys with Olympia Dukakis, Friday, July 29th at 8pm! Tickets: www.tenchimneys.org.
“ I dont give out 3rd chances && i barely give out 2nd ones”
Are you a fan of the five second rule? Well it's a myth! Bacteria can live for weeks on infrequently or improperly cleaned surfaces.
i have one u can borrow
I can't tell you exactly where we'll be (yet) but I'll hit you up tomorrow. And if you're in the area, check this place out!
click full of killers please Dnt get us excited
Good finish to the 1st half! Up 10 rock chalk
Looking for a quick and easy way around downtown Denver? check out the new program
hi geo. I'm the girl who's having her birthday party at open class this month. <3
This week's #FF is dedicated to some of our amazing partners.
94% increase over 2011 Quarter! RT "people freak out about the $ movements in $AAPL. tell me the %, that's what I care about"
Documentary recommendation: Conan O'Brien Can't Stop. Shows you what love for show business really is.
i never will like jelena either ;o
Getting nails and eyebrows done Saturday
lets do it... edub and koolaid my people
you're gay
You're only as good as the people you hire
please. Who teaches soc now?
I wanna talk about it and you don't want to I don't wanna talk about it then you're mad...I CAN'T WIN
For every bumper sticker you have, I deduct 10 points from your IQ.
Oh no hahahha
Is the #KefirTruck out today? xo
Eight bridesmaids and 15 other beautiful sorority sisters to the bride didn't hold a match to SoCal at last night's reception.
o der wacky weather here o m g!! :-O
Thanks for the follow, Mitch!
That's fine if you don't want to follow me however I will have your ass when your master commands you. Next time don't
So proud of my boyfran
Makin instrumentals while strain out my plane window. Nothin else like it.
My mom would never let me get it haha. But I know whatcha mean. Like looks so cute!
Morning folks! What are you all listing to today?
lol I know right!
It's National Honesty Day, today. Asshole.
perhaps someone should kick his ass under your window
I watched the Disney 1 so many times my mom begged the video store 2 just sell her a VHS copy. Which I wore out. You, sir, are no Tim Curry!
Congratulations to AMC's Narraganset Chapter for winning the Chafee Award for their conservation leadership in Rhode Island!!
“What you leave behind is not what is engraved in stone monuments, but what is woven into the lives of others.”
Next year then! Thx so much & sending u an Ole! desde
R.I.P. Levon Helm
Thanks, Karen. It's a LONG haul . . .
not make it obvious at all.
My sister just surprised me with a D-Signed shirt from the collection of & !
If u ain't making beatz u ain't making money ( NO BEATZ = NO MONEY) ;)
This day couldn't have blown up any worse if I had rigged it.
I just started playing Minecraft again after a couple months of hiatus. Wow!
Thanks for the prank call made my night interesting.
< learning rebels!!
Everybody off them pills, I ain fucking with you.
I swear one of my teachers is goin through menopause
Soccer tryouts tomorrow! Ah.(:
When opportunity doesn't knock, build a door :)
Movin across town...
aww thanks babe :)
Are you using #altac or #alt-ac these days?
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day!
“Amongst” is not wrong, but it means the same thing as “among.” And although it sounds old-fashioned, “among” is the older form.
Can I have a lock of your chest hair?
I hope that you understand it.. :|
Love it! Did that all day! “: "w-ing" at 10:33 pm on a Saturday night :) #wgirls ”
I'm halfway through the 8th season and already upset this is the last one. I get made fun of and I knew you'd understand. Ha :)
It's cute when someone gets a twitter, all they post is how much better twitter is than Facebook.
#IsTurnedOnBy Bruno Mars' Voice When He's Sounding Sexy :p :)
Idk why but today I was such in a bad mod:'/ aghh what a day...
My head hurts. :'c
No matter what, I will always be that girl who sits in her room at night reading love quotes and thinking about that special boy.
Can't wait for tonight! Lovin' this years talent!
what's the plan at grant park?
Yeah I can care less. She just says anything to try and piss me off. It's over and dealt with. No problems :)
“: Happy birthday.”thank u man ;)
All good. It was fun while it lasted.
March 1 was 8th anniversary of Whiskey Creek Press and also the release date of my first book with them. I think this must be a good omen.
You guys are all white trash hillbillies.
no way I could live here this shit is boring ass fuck
got some wonderful news.
maybe if i jogged there and back that would balance it out?
IF IT AIN'T TIGHT IT AIN'T RIGHT!
RT : Whenever in doubt turn to God.
oh I'm working on a checkered wool mod.
...hope it doesn't scare all of you off...
Calvin Klein Showdown: Amanda Seyfried vs. Amber Heard Amber Heard has a knack for wearing look-at-me dresses. Her most recent round of f
Stalker ;p
I am a Texas fan... But Rock Chalk, Jayhawk!
remember when it was your ringtone and went off in football films?
I gt you babes!
are you fucking kidding me? Niall is amazing and beautiful in every way possible and he deserves everything
As would say, you need to lose jobs to create jobs
Congrats to Chris Paul for finally getting out of the first round, though!
"Edge of Glory" Lady GaGa -
When you truly put your heart into something you will be amazed at the results you get!
Making chocolate ganache cupcakes with my mom tonight.
The Office of Targeted Business in Detroit brought new business to our company that means more jobs! We can't let their progress be stopped!
Love the new look of !
: and I thank you so much for the splendid bouquet of spring redolence that just arrived.
Ooh, Rick Santorum is just blocks away from me right now. I thought I felt a disturbance in the force.
hey that was cool thank you !
ALWAYS! we need some quality time to catch up soon. I never see you anymoree :(
damn straight :)
Watching Scott Pilgrim vs. the World with Viggle Sat | 4:45PM | HBO Zone Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Sometimes I'm like, jeez, this fucking sucks. We've got a lot of work to do before next season.
Haha yeah technology makes me sound silly too ;)
I wanted a game 5 anyway, I want to go to that game lol
Absolutely! We have got to have our rest!
I have been saying the same thing today. I have a good feeling about the last few holes...
But seriously, this should happen at some point soon.
Goober is gone :( Goodbye Goober.
Staples center is Kobe house
haha your funny
"Good things take time. Great things happen all at once."
Gravity? :P
Home from a fab time at The Apothecary Theatre Company's fundraiser! You'll always be impressed by these guys. Now follow 'em
Goin' holiday shopping after work. You wouldn't believe how long my list is.
Dr. Schmutte's Auditing 420 final made me want to cry. Lol
Not trying to impress you or anything... but when i was younger, we had 9 planets.
TONIGHT - The Night B 4 Thanksgiving Party with DJ's AI & J-Roc Playing the Hottest Hip & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!
Cinco de Mayo is the only holiday my Mexican relatives show up for on time.
FOOTBALL SUNDAY! Booze, ball, bikini and beats.....SPANISH FLY DAYLIFE!
Just took a quick walk in Central Park. Beautiful Day!
get them tickets for the house of blues show this friday! only $15! ticket plus cd for only $20!
Gill- "writing has been a way I've survived."
going clubbing soon. not sure what to wear
Maybe if I cared less, I wouldn't be so stressed.
hah yea I know I was kidding! :D
We're on our way to D.C. for the #MarchforLife! Pictures to come later.
“: Getting my post workout fix Tofu + Spam combo FTW #Portland #foodcarts” nice bro. How did those treat you?
Ask the Doctor: post your question on our facebook wall and one of our dentists will answer. We want to hear from you!
#Medeco #eCylinders audits are captured and schedules created remotely via web-based software
hook me up with a vancouver -> louton and I'll ... I dunno what. Buy you dinner?
I haven't been tweeting a lot lately <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
that's wassup bro i didnt get the tape yet tho.
Sixers got lucky
you're welcome!
everything happens for a reason. <3
If I follow where you're going with this, that series ends in 4, #Yotes sweep. Only thing stranger than NJD-PHO Cup would be that.
Crazy day for the NFL... Smh
To our followers or anyone that would respond: would you guys read more if we covered college sports as well as pro?
things i did over break: had surgery, ate a lot, and watched a TON of movies. it feels good to be productive again!
DYK? Anita T. Anderson - First woman on the debate team at Howard University was a member of Zeta Phi Beta ..
I think my wife would love it if we celebrated mother's day with Papa John's pizza
that is the dream, isn't it?
NEW TO OUR ANTI-AGING PROGRAM........NOW OFFERING VITAMIN INFUSIONS AND PRP SCALP INJECTIONS FOR HAIR REGROWTH.
Nabby with a spectacular shoulder save on a high and hard shot
#IVoted make sure you get out there and do the same.
Merry Christmas from East Nashville Radio!
The perfect cure for stress is Faith!
man im a big tipper i caint help it ... except at the strip club ... which i never go to
I don't think you will get a reply, he wants to be excluded from debates and such. Check his feed.
We're all proud of the USA Soccer team for demonstrating that team work, dignity and resilience are still American values.
Ima ball forever - I'm finna sleep for many hours to in a few
yes, but I do admire his conviction in his decision. Brave move
awesome, I love that shade, pics soon please! ;)
National Homebrew Day on Cinco de Mayo? Something's up folks.
I will whisper sweet nothing to you
‘Selecting a career based on own strength, likes and desire is very important’ Dr. N. M. Kondap
welcome aboard friend, peace {^_^}
you shoulda told me you had a Spring game today.... I would have came! Smh
im determined to make it to school tomorrow
Thanks for holding it down and being so helpful with tonight!
#IDSD mobile revenue growth to double quickly.
I'm not fans of all of them, but it looks great!
: Good afternoon world!!!
"Losers focus on obstacles.. Winners focus on opportunities" #make2012count #colossians4:5
Florence and the Machine flippin' ROCKED!!
absolutely. I keep saying my iPad might actually be magic. We're even starting to make our own apps, which i can't believe
RT : And as they talk abt feeling bad for Kisha, they're planning to mess up Kenya's room. Really?
I HATE MY JOB
Ohio University's Innovation Center seeking digital media startup companies ... - The Daily Jeffersonian
gonna post some stuff on the blaaag today. made some awesome zines yesterday worth sharing with you knuckleheads.
stop it! That's creepy !
LOOOOOL stop it i cannot! :)
omg take me with you
Tx 4 Learn at 40 RT U might also enjoy
Very Nice!
#imagine Austin:Your are my life.Your the only thing that it would hurt me to lose.<U+2665> -anna
U will get my $$$ support when I see TRUE legislative policy on #equality. Weakening Log Cabin Republican here
Hello too... have you follow me back already? ^^RT Hello New Follower:D
I'm doing well Steve, thanks for asking! In Orlando, FL vacationing in the warm sunny weather. Love it down here :)
Everytime Marco aint round , they be like ''where your baby daddy"
My favorite comedian is Nicolas Fehn!
What music are you listening to?
Today, the US Senate has once again failed to do what most working families do---set and follow a budget.
thanks for the follow.
: i often visit classrooms tests are mandated by state law budget shortfall $122million
#SocialMedia is here to stay. The genie is not going back in the bottle.
love that album, too! Seriously! Yes!
I could really use those new Google Goggles, there are times my reality isn't nearly augmented enough ...
And where did these eight people purchase said sushi and sashimi?
Just saw a hipster and realized how much I miss Belmont
Lol me 2.I think thats one of the reasons he gets really pissed if people stand up in his class,makes him look like a midget
Time to put on my cheese head
IT guys at my work drop heat and talk on their phones, in a foriegn language, at the same time
you're probably going to miss your flight... hahah
No cooking, just diving, eating, resting, Thai massage, and all the other fun stuff. I have only three more day left.
Now and then I think of when we were together
joined on cyber monday. This past week has been great! IF you don't know who these girls are, you absolutely need to.
There is a Hoda Kot for every letter of the alphabet. The one you see on TV is Hoda Kotb
Writing with one hand. Old-style or more thoughtful. Emily Dickinson? Cynthia Ozick? Stephen King?
So I walk into my 9 am class. Then at 9:05y teacher says take a 10 minute break....
I'm going to feel bad for laughing at these pics if Kaner ever ends up in rehab. Until then, HAHAHAHA.
In VA? Pls help my homie #stuffthebus. Its a charity for toys 4 tots. He needs to fill the buses before he can go home
Rock n roll all night! Inspiration at van wilks' birthday!! in the house.
Hats off to for an amazing #CherryBlast party. DC needs more of that!
obviously not payin attention in geometry...
I didn't until I #IMDB'd it. Good call. Anymore brain busters? Can't cheat. No
so cute
the struggle.
Street protests across europe over ACTA. Totally not being covered by US News. your credibility continues to erode
#somebodyonmytimeline has a "profile picture taken in the bathroom mirror"...wait more like everyone on my timeline
working from home in my jammies.
"And I still believe, that everyone can find a song for every time they've lost and every time they've won..."
who is watching right now I am
Playing an open mike is a lot like landing a plane. If you can walk away from it, it was a success.
I miss u, Bo Peep!
Nice OOH work in Charlotte — your board sounds great!
haha I saw that but wasn't gonna say anything!!! :)
Largest Marine Corps Exchange Open For Business
#TEDxNYED the reason to study other cultures is to understand the box your culture puts you in.
I wish every weekend could be like the last. Perfect park and rooftop weather! :)
Hope I get I see my love tomorrow
thank you
If I were a lame...
Can the #Mets EVER win on my birthday!?
Thinking: the talking of the soul with itself.
Summer homework should be banned :-P
It is GRAY here in New England today. First real of snow of the season over the weekend has me in a holiday mood. :)
well, them #Knicks seem to have a real good chance. -of playing 3 more gms this season
We all knew this would happen! RT : Blonde Redhead has canceled tonight due to an illness in the band. Sorry!
Which is your favorite American Songbook Holiday Tune?
Windy City Cowboys at yesterday, show tunes at Sidetrack today. Gayest weekend I've had in a while.
i fucking love you and im glad you came back to schol.... cause i was going to walk to your house to get you!!!
just got censored by ...beware this management team and do not buy into this group ......
I want to have a #SexyParty!
great!! I've seen the show 6 times yet I've still never seen you go on!
Anyone want to join for some wine and pro/con list making tonight?
Well first of all, you were rather impolite to me first, sir.
The delegation consisted of teachers, principals and department of education managers from around South Korea.
RT : Ian and I are so glad you liked it!
you guys just killed it. i gave up 2 hours of valuable "i don't sleep b/c I have a newborn" time... and it was well worth it.
Planning my trip to NYC: excited to visit the Ratti #textile Center at The Metropolitan Museum of Art, New York
RT : Q7: when attending performance show, do u attend known companies or smaller?
Attended Dave Krieg talk at NCU today. Krieg had some great stories.
RT Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there. - Will Rogers
Thanks! Appreciate it! You're amazing <3
RT four letter word not to use in a relationship: NEED
I love this kid <3
you can't see it, but I'm making a sad panda face right now that I can't be there.
hm you kno lol .......you and your scooter lol
Yep. THE Mr. Tae Bo is being massaged by Peter. I was introduced and froze!
'Let it Be'... latest addition to my remastered Beatles CD collection. Rediscovering all the Beatles goodness that I grew up with. :-)
This is going to be a crazy week....
Worried about your teen texting and driving? Join me for a event tomorrow at 10A to learn about a new service that can STOP it
so what's her name isabelle fanner from canada? Or Olivia Castalia from salt lake? @ oliviacastalia
The #Avengers rocked my world. I highly recommend this movie. Non-comic geeks will still find this movie accessible. Fans will also enjoy.
Nice to meet Mike of Mike Wells Mastering last night over a beer, looking forward to mastering this record soon!
got that right,you reminded me I got to get it cover lol
- today and everyday I am so grateful to know you!
Wondering if this is a Mac issue? I'll have to give it another go on campus tomorrow. It's just frustrating me right now.
So, Lone Star, now you see that evil will always triumph because good is dumb.
Why are people so intent on playing ANY formation? There's a time and place (and set of players) for everything.
Yeah, supposedly Beth "can't" compete & Nikki Bella is gonna have a "mystery" opponent :P Kharma Kharma Kharma Kharma!
wow! took me forever, but thanks for the follow friday!! hope you have a marvelous thanksgiving.
How long until Target girl singin Adele gets a record deal??
Headed to Chicago Monday -- anyone have free Cubs tickets they want to dump for Monday night?
What an awesome day in DC!
Literally zero patience tonight for the rowdy little kids I teach.... Zero.
The #MCDM booth has been so popular that we're almost out of brochures! People want an #education in #digital!
Think forgot about me!
What was the one issue? I am getting one on Thursday.
Oliver Wood is trending. Oh, the memories.<U+2665>
Awesome performance last night at Nighttown. Incredible ensemble. You've got a new fan...maybe many more...here this morning. Jim
Just beat at marvel vs capcom 3
RT« Saying "I'm fine" when you're not, "it's nothing" when it's everything, "I'm done" when you know you still wanna try.»
I actually got a sunburn today... and I'm completely okay with it. BRING ON SPRING!!
Lol RT : Let's start a new hashtag #TWP tweet while pooping come on let's get tweet while pooping trending who else
you think seattle will be a suprise team in the nfc west this year? someone to be rekoned with?
hahahahahah you're going straight to hell lmao
but ye, in all serious tho, hate boys
hey can you follow my personal account?.
April Fools!!
Will be at Jazzbah tomorrow evening with NM-PRSA for our Holiday Social. I've been waiting to check it out - excited!
6pm Saturday, Webster Hall. Not asking anything for them. You interested?
so when are you gonna hook me up with some seats like that?
The appeal of the #bowtie is simple. Less fabric = less fuss. I can wear them cycling, motorcycling, and yes working
When someone compliments you or your kids have MANNERS an sa thank you damn bio home training
i have said that quote so much in the past 3 days..
also - there's no Sergios Sign. They left the previous bar sign up which I believe says Fusion...
- I'm beginning to think your New Years Resolution was to never post on Twitter again. We miss you buddy! ^_^
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.
funny talking boners with you today.
you are so amazing! Best singer ever :) can you please follow me? its my birthday on the 23rd...<U+2764> please follow!! #Mahomie 2
*dies at Austin and Alex's conversation*
Seriously. We need some runs ASAP
heyy! Tell him o kik me
I need some new idea's for new POLLS OF THE WEEK!!!! Tweet your idea's for a Poll or E-mail your idea's to . THANKS! :)
So its really nice outside today. Who's trying to actually go do something fun? For once.
lol how'd you make the a's like that??
Thanks! Hope to go out on auditions soon!
Must recommend: Salmon Fishing in the Yemen, opening soon in San Diego. Check reality at the door and enjoy.
Do you want your organization to play a role in the NLD initiative? Sign your org up today at www.nationallabday.org
Mass invasion of the pitch...
Divorce Drama Reveals Phil Ivey made $920,000 a Month from Tiltware
Sweet, see you in a bit with our new daughter :) She is 12 days old today! :)
-_- I hope she knows that the year is almost over
as a local it's hard to enjoy #sxsw without some kind of bullshit to sell the tourists.
Rhyming n rapping r 2 different things,
Thanks! Spread the word about us & keep checking in on my tweets I'm going to share new lyrics when I get more followers!
New MW3 Elite maps now available. yay!
And now for this break ...to make hot buttered popcorn.
« I'm hungry af af. Hungry ain't even the word.»
Going to be in Orlando Florida any time soon?
"Engagement & entertainment are different. And you need both." - Jim Newcomb, Dir of Brand Management & Advertising at Boeing
Livin' out my dream, people still sleepin'
Thanks again to all of our fans for coming out last night. It was awesome getting out feet wet at Vaudeville Cabaret.
Jesus Take The Wheel in My Life.... :)
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho wake me up from good sleep!
Awww. Don't give up and put your head in the sand, though. Embrace the ostrich in you. OK I couldn't type that w/a str8 face
Next winter in SF? You're moving?
Traveling always puts me in a cultural studies state of mind. Modernity is when you go to the next town & see that stuff is different there.
thanks for the info though, reporting from KCRA 3.
I think this is the World Hockey Championships, but the ice in Helsinki is roughly the size of Waukesha County.
Last but not least, thanks to all of our fans who stopped by the booth and came out to the shows. We love you!
To Shirim listeners at WCUW 91.3 FM www.wcuw.org - with about 5 inches of snow in our area we won't be on the air with the show tonight -
last night i went to my friends house which was fun we watched the pens game then hung out til like 1am
The sportage down and out? Need a rental
Goodnight twit fam. I'll b back on my tweet game 2mor
it is never ok to not wear a bra in public, bye
HFMA has released new set of MAP keys/metrics to help hospitals/physicians track financial performance over time
HI NEW HOME IN CA
need to turn a fan on in this hizzhouse but my bronchioles are too inflamed
Still looking for unusual masturbation techniques - I'll keep it anon, just wanna hear the juicy stuff. Pls RT
omg i had a nightmare last night :( it was about coco!
You live with me, and I with you, And you will be my POSSLQ.
: Wasn't arguing. Just wondering. Fans don't seem to be acknowledging there might be a trade off.
I don't know. Where do you draw the line? Songs they use bad words?
okay but you better vote for me(: haha
Thunder rock and thunder roll.
Tomorrow is 4/20 how perfect for beer olympics #teamjamaica <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
Good morning, afternoon, or evening... :)
Going to bed so tired.
nah im good, whats changing my haircut gonna do for me? Lol its not gonna change my life lol
Twelve twelve <3 am
Just went grocery shopping at Bed Bath & Beyond. Fuck society.
You have to show them how it can enhance their students' learning but also how it can make their life a little easier-win,win!
damn, it was still early, like 9pm,nobody was drinking, then dan started, which mean I had to. YOU GOTTA DO SHOTS WITH DAN, HE NEVER DRINKS!
Are you serious?
Help us out and retweet our last tweet and let's bombard local tv so they know all about us!
Hope everybody had a Happy Easter! :)
megadeath has been pretty weak ever since they decided "heavy metal" music videos should incl. extreme winter sports.
You are the epitome of an illiterate douche bag hick. Your family needs a bit more chlorine in that gene pool.
she's not leavin!!!
Watching the cars pass by is somewhat soothing.
Mona and Noel are so cute together and hes soo hot !!! <33
come hang out with me
Startn 100 Day "Live The Life" Challenge!! Plan 2 reach major goals in my life personally, professionally & socially w/i the next 100 days!
One of San Diego's most notorious murders was the subject of another court hearing, I'll have the story on Michael Crowe at 4
love the idea of the Vision! I'm a big believer in Vision Boards.
If my storage locker is sold on Storage Wars, the door will open to reveal a box of dusty hustlers from 1988
I still don't believe you lol. Any who did you enjoy the ass whoopin?
What's with the attack on Latinos in the first place? Secondly, why no correction for your error on Latino UE?
but I've always been me :)
right now, calling it a twisted knee. No time table yet.
lane is very old
Praying for this little boy with a brain tumor. It makes me feel even more blessed right now
#wifi in homeroom is prime
Thanks for following :D
that's the plan. Oh...wait a minute...you don't think she'll like tacky. LOL Better re-think my shopping strategy.
Holtzman: two categories. Specialized gestures for specialized app should have exclusivity. Consumers need standard, uniform experiences.
Best thing i've heard all day...The early bird gets the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese!
Appreciate it
he came out right after he got done playing
Let's hope not Ryan! RT : I know imma go crazy today lol
I would really appreciate / #love a Google+ invite if anyone could spare. ()
Dumanis says she's not going to stand up here "and give you a bunch of bull." Says she's tough and will make tough decisions.
their not worth it is they cant be smart enough to not drink(:
Im freezing :/
Your sexy and you know it? More like your slutty and you blow it!
hello how are ya doing todayy
In truth, Maddy only stayed there for about a minute. She sit on Harry every day, but that's the only time she's rested her +
Never say never. Go Lehigh-you have heart. Yes I am watching March Madness and it is. :)
- I certainly do, and I actually get paid for it!
Excited to be workin the Southernhoopsreport event wit and and #goodhoopin #
Going to bed... Night<3
Sure. Read Steve Scafidi's poem "Latitudes of Desire" and have students compose their own poem following Blacksburg VA's lat. line.
A perfect road trip! : Just in: Gallipolis, Ohio May 4th at the Ariel Theatre. Tix on sale this Friday.
#Newt Gingrich: tempestuous egotistical twit comes to mind. Just sayin'.
Officially back from vacation and ready for work tomorrow. Lots to do in August to get ready for a rockin' Q3 and Q4 of 2010!
Ready to plug my computer into some speakers and start blasting some 2 CHAINZ in this library to get this spot TURNT THE HELL UP!!
Hypnosis 4 Hiccups - Hard 2 do in a tweet, tho -
I WANNA GET CHOCOLATE WASTED
I never want them to graduate waahhh :(
It's Friday. Friday. Got to get ________ on Friday. :)
"General Hospital" always has a way of making my life seem pretty boring...I'm not sure I can come back from death once, let alone twice!
Dear , Move to the east coast, take me on tour with you to be your back up dancer & when we're old enough, we can get married<3
I need to squeeze in a nap before these games start. Wait, game starts at 5? Fudge.
: Good news, folks. says they will have 1 of their popular shows captioned by end of week.
I KILLED my to-do list. Take that, MONDAY!
Why do I always get these random cravings wah
oh shit for that internship? And when is aziz?
We aim to please! Let us know how your trips goes when you take a Zipvan for a spin.
another thing in common = loyola.
Noticing dutch bikes r designed w/ higher handle bars so riders can sit up str8. So much better 4 the back, then t sport models u find in US
Who changed? You changed? I changed? Just kidding, but call me maybe? Hahaha, that's a song. Sorry. Okay. Call me? Or not. :p
what about a bikini?
If I was rich I'd still b with her
RT House/Techno/Trance/Club music whatever you fucks call it; really gets my dick hard when I'm working out.
thanks for the #FF mention!
You're so damn lonely when you're on my mind, cause you're the only one
We are more like otep and in this moment our newer stuff has more of the marie vocals. I do a acoustic cover of beautiful tragedy. We ar ...
Major studio callback. For once, an ugly audition pic did me some good!
im always happy when I get to talk to at least one of my followers when I get the chance c:
Wild I know!! Just ' cause. We live in Texas doesn't me can ride a horse to the danged Chicken Stand!!!
Change in plans for Midday
Why do people insist on having full conversations with me when I have headphones on?
I believe in my smellf
oops sorry* D: and thanks(:
FYI: My students are tweeting about Was America Founded a Christian Nation? for the rest of the week under the hashtag
If you live in Southern California or have friends that do, go to Emerald Agency's Facebook page and like us.
I'm in school right now-_- it's so boring
It's not true when you pray over your food it is blessed, their are several Christians that have died of a stroke from blessing pork dinner.
Scientific American.
Professor Cowen and those who want to school him on food - Washington Post (blog)
Here's wishing you all a Good Monday Morning! I hope you feel well-rested and ready to face the week. Cheers!
Be careful if you are on the roads in #SanAntonio this morning! Roads are very wet!! Stay safe! :)
what?!?! I'm sure they would have picked Little Women nine out of ten times! ;)
aww so cute, but uh... fill me in? What the heck is Upfronts? I have never heard of it & I have heard of most everything?
#np Just Passing Through - Jason Aldean <U+2764>
Emergency rooms are not fun!
Pacers chill the fuck out for a second.
Lololol Machine Gun Kelly said Hailie was hot. But I don't know why #TeamShady is flippin out.
Don't let the year END ......with issues left OPEN!
$15 but today we're selling them in Columbus for $12. Come hang!
Happy Easter all! Enjoying my first day ! Cannot wait to see what opportunities this brings!
Lakers hanging in there.
Tyler let this dog in the house, and it's taken up residence in my bed..
I'm done! Next time someone asks me what I do for fun, I'm telling the truth. I build web apps. Tired of making up "normal person" answers.
you're missing out! ;)
RT“: don't let the high go to waste.”
Sorry I've been watching the office a lot lately haha stole that one.
Omg being poor and VERY Hungry in Santa Monica is not a good combo
I hope you're right. I'd be great to see him play
Get Great Stuff & Win Prizes!!! Text KARTRACER to 87654
Everyone needs to nominate for #humor please
IMHO Silence of the Lambs is one of the most rewatchable movies ever, right up there with Few Good Men & PBride.
You are an idiot, Edler.
Fine. Have your booze. See if we care. :)
Get ready for it.. I came to win.
Daddy make a wish , put this cake in your face ;)
I suspect there are people I don't follow on Twitter because I'm subconsciously envious of their careers. Try not to think about it, though.
Sunday she's all ribbons & curls!
oh. i'm sorry babe<U+E403>
yeah lol I ment to say ASSes but instead I said "assessing" haha stupid predictive txt! My bad, I just noticed
Just finished reading what I would consider the best novel by Gary Paulsen. Harris and me.
oh now a cute guy like yourself has to have another cute guy for a valentine.
Evrybody did lol. I wana ask prodigy in person if he really did got twerkes on.
Work bound.
Wtf dis mane gt on his ipod Omg
trying to help! Good luck!
Friends and Family @ #vineyardvines, use code:nsboston to receive 25% off!
I Got The Juice, I Feel Like Bishop When He Hit Raheem Up!!
yes, but i need to start rotating my stories around. Need to have "fresh" content...
what happened
Nature is a language and every fact one learns is a new word.
"Be kind to your dentist. He has fillings, too."
chillin like a villain lol How bout you?
You could have said "Mother-In-Law Fantasy". Close enough.
I would never be jealous of a weekend two Coachella ticket
A vacation is what you take when you can no longer take what you've been taking. ~Earl Wilson
Mrs and I went to the ballet last night. Tonight, we're eating chili & watching Your Highness w/Danny McBride. Keeping it balanced, knamean?
Will never again take another 8:15
Stay #quirky RT : i hope to never fit in the box people expect me to fit in... how booorrriiingg and lifeless
Sometimes you win simply by not losing.
hello I am so very happy to have found you we have so much to talk about Tina Bagon www.kidshardwarekompany.com
I suggest you unfollow me if it's disrupting your world or timeline that much.
Just wanted to let know that I'm working on our HSTA project. I have one hour to do this.
I finally finished my music video today for Broadcast production I love it :)
I love finding money in my pocket, too bad I didn't find any today =\
Research. RT : Rip wikipedia.. how the fuck am I gonna pass school now
Thought McCain said Romney should chose Palin. Did he mean "lose"?
Cont last tweet. . .I feel that there is some kind of metaphor there.
Just landed in SF... 5 hour flight, and we were given the opportunity to buy a meal on the plane. Remember when that shit was free?
Standing on my front lawn with my pants down waiting for Google Earth to come by and take my picture.
RT : A great review for Twelve Patients: Life and Death at Bellevue Hospital by Eric Manheimer via
Eric Sevareid~ The bigger the information media the less courage and freedom they allow. Bigness means weakness.
Now taking #photo session appointments for my time in #Delhi , #India in May! DM me for info on pricing and dates. Availability is limited!
not going to help... U would think he woulda learned that from Memphis days
likewise! Love the pic...thanks for sharing!
Let's spend together from now until forever
Hello everyone
Bumpin this I ain't got too many friends so I coped a coupe
Wow that AP test was so easy
gratuitous use of Bell's Oberon. Win. good? not sure, but it is mildly funny.
who is that miley cyrus put on twitter that shows people danceing some where
RT ": i'm just searching for a call back, jerksauce" <<Well you won't find it here jerkenstein!
The US's maternal mortality rate is double that of the UK. We need healthcare for everyone!
how tall is your balcony cause you just tweeted that from your phone..
Sorry! We're planning our tweets for this webinar. Got a little trigger happy and posted it early. Plan to join us 1/30!
I need to stop mixing vodka with random things!!!!!
nice! I wasn't expecting them so early.
I hate pretty girls with ugly personnalities. Ugh go fuck youselves.
Not disputing the #'s. But they say more about bad-apple owners, dog fighting culture, & stigma than about the breed
um, it's amazing! ;)
Can u ask viola D,octavia S & Jessica c how they reacted when they got the news they were nominated? I luv the help.
A WOMAN WHO SHOULD HAVE BEEN #POTUS! (sorry, I had to say it)
i enjoy the #ravens getting ass fucked out of a touchdown by the refs and i hate you too
he spent a significant amount of time on his scramble game at the bar. Weak bar night obviously.
Not specifically, but we do want to make sure we're on our game for PAX!
#SpottheShuttle it's coming back in 15 minutes
Can't wait to hit Vegas for my 21st.. Scared money don't make no money. Lol.
glad I'm not the only one. Had to sneak up to room to get it together after photog session. Amazing!r
Whohoo! Back up and running!
I meant boobie before the last 30 minutes LOL damn. I forgot I got a game tomorrow. When your #s called
I agree
hey im back! noww
YOU ARE AMAZING!!! Thanks for letting your LIFE speak!
Forgot my headphones and I'm still killin it....holla
“: thx for the #FF ...love to stay connected to interesting sports info...” No doubt. Checks us out!
lol now I'm going travel with camp rock yea \m/
Journalist? You have to be less transparent about your hate for Newt b/c he didn't get along with your father. Overreact.
I know I'm the peanut gallery, but is anyone concerned that Siri might be perpetuating a 1950s stereotype about women? #backwardtechnology?
I check behind the shower curtain for murderers when I go into the bathroom.
Percolator playing tonight at the beat kitchen from 10-10:30. Come on out!
I'm in the mood to listen to The Doors!
haha you can get one!!!!!
Warm sun with a cool breeze. Perfect day to be on the grind. #YOLO!!
First day in the past 2 weeks I'm not obligated to leave my apartment. Head in the clouds kinda day.
I just followed the beautiful wonderful <3 <U+2764>
Saturday fishing time- where r u fish?
Not all Farm markets sell local! #Carmel volunteers work with vendors to ensure Indiana produced or grown. Opening May 19th
Core question now: can lateral intervaillance and surveillance both be considered examples of Foucault's panopticon?
:) -RT : Working for BET was truly a blessing!! Glad I met great ppl like
lol I got some side pockets in ma luggage
What is the quickest way to get on Saturday Night Live? Get in the Presidential race this year...sad that the best jokes are our leaders!
It's going to be a riot when they get worked by Miami.
indeed. demonstrating "shoulders" perfectly. RT : You sir are a scholar & a gentleman CC
followin everyone Follow back
i love youu <U+E418>
that's happening on the 7 train
What song are you #NowPlaying? I'm rockin' to "Set Fire to the Hive" by !
“: I hate that feeling when you want to know something, but you're too afraid to find out.”
The mesmerizing moon surreptitiously soothes my soul with seductive soliloquies...
Was it Machiavelli who said a city designed by one hand is better than those designed by many? Irony? Apple proprietary
I am watching Death Race; had to buy the movie, love it way to much. JS you rock.
LOL... Let me know what you need.
It's officially the first day of spring! Who is excited for warmer weather??
christmas shopping for the house. So much fun !!
Welcome to Chicago #NRAShow attendees & exhibitors! Take a Segway tour of Chicago & take $10 off with show pass...
family of travelers. :-) hi Jaime!
school has made me pretty busy. geez.
dumb dick bamboo is my man fag fuck!!!!
#positivity is seriously the most important thing inlife. People in the worst areas may say shut the fuck up, were trying 2bring awareness
well, let's get u scheduled and we will figure it out:).
Get a hold of yourself, lady! *smack* [shake] "I'm a doctor, I'll handle this..."
it takes a couple of times to get used to sometimes. That's our brain's survival mode kicking in. :-)
Doctor:"I'm afraid I have some bad news. Your DNA is backwards." Patient:"and...?" Doctor:"Exactly......"
how much do i love ?!?! =) "and thank you for that damaging testimony."
well, sure(:
clean this room than find somthin to do
An joe pesci goes without saying
Very good time at #saa11 Research Forum. (Nothing like a day-late tweet.)
Its a good way to scar your soul. They made me realize how disturbed my inner being truly is. Its a good thing.
Our order for shirts are in! :D We should have them for our show on May 29th! :) Who is going to buy one?
#3WordsForYou Mango Read Nifty.
All alone in an empty reading room. Really what I need right now.
Bizarre weather - it was snowing so hard around Southcenter that I turned around & went home. Giant sticking snow, but dry & sunny at home.
RT : RT : Thank you and bless you, Amy Goodman. ()
Game's at Warner 5:00 for all you dedicate fans!
Thank you!
NYC, China Town. It's so damn awesome.
Take your time.
Yes!!! Absolutely! Let's get him going. I will have a new schedule posted on jrpsocal.com by Wednesday, so just email me at meganjrp ...
awh, thank you SO much! :)
It's sad that I love YA and yet haven't read Weetzie. I'm getting it from the library today.
Abbederis has the state record in 110 hurdles.
#Happy #Mothers #Day #enjoy it.
Everyone please go follow the very beautiful Olivia
A high scoring #OrangeBowl game so far but West Virginia is thoroughly handling Clemson. Kinda wishing I could have went to that game now..
Thanks for sharing my post. Enjoy your day!
Thursdays = Ladies Night at Grazie! Stop by from 9-11PM and all the ladies drink for free. Can't wait to see you tonight! 305.673.1312.
Yesterday's the past, tomorrow's the future, but today is a gift. That's why it's called the present. - Bil Keane
Thanks for covering FelonFitness VG! Come do burpies with us! You look tough enough to hit it with the boys in the yard...
Good deal.
Uploading the new PARTY ROCK MIX...stay tuned!!
9 Score and 11 years ago! My new song!
Its always something.
Its hot in FT MYERS
I'm concerned both for my blog and for the poor soul with the dry, cracked, and stretched penis.
Missed you yesterday at the ACP thing. I'm sure it was great. I still have some of that blondie if you want a bite.
When the #Brewers make the playoffs as the last seed, people will be accusing Bud Selig of timing the #MLB playoff expansion perfectly.
cheaper, and possibly better
Thanks for following
Be back later all. Gotta goto gram's for din and watch 24.
New : Upper West Side Story!
o i wanna go please!!
I know I may get a biased reponse, but would u trade Finley for Boldin and O. Daniels? I have A. Hernandez at TE too. My WRs are horrible.
instruments have seperation anxiety when their Musicians leavethem behind a Gibson les Paul weeps and pines looking out a window waiting
i would rather go out with one of my best guy friends than date a super hot guy i dont even know...
If your sexy and you know it put your hands up in the air..and TURN UP THE MUSIC!!!!
We may get to 3000 sales on today! Act fast to be our 3000 customer & get a present!
Legends home stand against GVL starts tonight. Don't miss the excitement. And don't forget to use your UW-Legends vouchers for your tickets!
hi little one
So much has happened in this one day smh!!!!!!
Been listening to 11-1-11 theory since 8 this morning... Classic..
If you think I want your broken and neglected stuff...you might be right. Get It Gone!
Watching 1979 BBC "Henry VI" (Shakespeare) & wants to know why we can't just watch The Tudors. I see his point.
There needs to be a class where you can learn to let go.
RT : Not much weirder than when elevator door opens and there's just some guy standing there with none of the buttons pushed.
Feels good when other rappers Fukks with me!
I'm not sure how I feel about the high school boy at McAlisters calling me "dear" on 3 different occasions
Me neither. But the new stuff didn't work as well as the old stuff was already, so go figure.
come visit me. I'm off today. After you work of course
i wasnt mad because i opened like if i was scheduled a double i would've taken it but today was just a lot of ppl
so what happens in this second half? Going to be good fun to watch!
I like to stay to myself. That means no kids
That is spectacular. Any chance you have a picture?
Face it, Hawks fans, the worst season by Blackhawks member was Stan Bowman. None of his personnel moves worked well. None. Even Mayers.
There's a trick Kendrick does in Section 80 with almost every song. Idk if anyone caught on but I'm gonna do it too.
Creative Pros: we have to say no to good things and, much harder, good people, as we strive for the best projects and great relationships.
"You can pay someone $15 to cut your hair for you, dumbass." Must I keep reminding myself? Apparently so.
. I can't wait to see how #JakeTapper spins Mitt Romney's bullying as something 'positive'for America. He's such a corporate tool!
oddly enough i wore lots of sunscreen and even a hat! When are we having HH?
you will do great! just have fun its the energy they will love!
thanks the for RT!
So my mom likes to catch attitudes spariodically .. that's cool
SAT word of the day: myriad (adj.) consisting of a very great number
takes carryout orders! Give us a call at (312) 422-0150 between 11am and 4pm to place yours!
Is this a trick question? ;) I should take myself back to Florida sans kids! Let's do dinner soon!
Wonder what been written on the non-folk spoken word song from the Velvet Underground's "The Gift" to the Tindersticks' "Chocolate."
OMG! I just sounded like a real fat mf. Lbs.
my boy finally reached 1000 followers lmao
dudee i'm actually crying now... THIS FUCKIN SUCKS
I enjoy people telling me I am a MASTER. Keep it comin'.
UWAD Barry Alvarez waa interviewed in the latest report on Chadima. He says he knew him like a son and was shocked by all the allegations.
Maybe it helps that it's in the East Village. And I wonder if the "it's great for people with dogs" argument would work?
So how much play do you think the Prezs. "Head examined" comment, when referring to those that question his decision, will get? Ops?
check out my next tweet
MT : Rhoades: what's at stake is not 's competitiveness but what kind of state WI wants 2 be in 20 years. Alabama?
Pres Jimmy Carter in Haiti for Habitat for Humanity. Had honor to work on global Habitat homes w/Pres Carter - a great builder in many ways
Agreed. Thanks so much for the RT.
I live a pretty fricking DANG good life if i might say so myself.
We thank all of the "SNOCLOTHING" Fans Thank you guys & gals so much for supporting us. Also Checkout our blog at snoclothing.com/blog
Let's go fuck Atlanta
great job at the grammys you are awesome wish i was there to see you live! great peformance you rocked !
I have no common sense but I have bed sense.
QoTD: "A winner makes commitments to a goal, a loser makes promises." (Unknown)
what is that
Yes true ...... thanks for the morn message
yea i changed..... i got to the money yal stayed broke
Its really hot out tho.
I need a good conversation right about now
“: “Don't let yesterday use up too much of today.””>>I needed that. Thank you. Have a blessed week!
Time for bed, driving up to LA in the morning!
Buy One Happy Munchies or Happy Yogis, Get One Free Coupon
your mom
Great Newsletter Fast-Fix in Denver ;)
Love it great product!
keep the wings and just deliver me tall seadog blueberrys hold the blueberries :) deal?
no I know you got it. It's finished and you are will pass sophomore year
Happy Birthday!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
You have an ewok shirt? Jealous!
Garcia's Today!
Moving back to the summer home like proper aristocrats. The summer session begins Monday at Red Dot. 7pm start with the usual accoutrements
“: "I hate when people say they feel me man......I hate that sh*t."”RT I fell ya man I hate that shut lol hahaha had to
#IWillAlwaysLove my volleyball girls
This doesn't look live.
Hey everyone
Can you please help me get 's attention to follow me? its so hard!!! :(
Yea u heard it?
Something tells me I'm going to be #Tebowing soon...
Pets can acquire fleas anytime they enter infested areas-this can include parks &, sadly, any place other pets or wildlife frequent.
that awkward moment when you realize you went poo without dropping your chones
This is my 500th Tweet!! ........ You're welcome.
I love group projects in school
In a startling development, i have lost 1/2 lb over the holidays. I am obviously a machine fueled by pork fat & goose liver
hahaha. I guess :p
what did u say about it? And what is his twitter name?
what's up finally gettin on the twitter train
Congress and Obama are now taking aim at mortgage deductions.
They've reached a verdict in the Casey Anthony trial- will be read at 2:15est!
YES. It's so perfect because they believe it for a bit then can't even come close to figuring out who it really is
She hmu on both my accounts, that's some G shit
Yahoo! MT “: Nobody ever coined the phrase "fun as a strategic planning process," but I think will buck the trend.”
When ignores my text and I'm literally right in front of her <<<<<
have fun, ladies!
Saturday TV rating calls
I know if doesnt change her ways real fast on that show. Her modern day lynching is next on social media.
Almost prefer not knowing! But now that we do, hope someone's adding it to ebooks...
Metcalfe has Hail now Pea Size
Please Support my Tattoo Art
*daps* RT Is it me, or are 3somes easier had now than ever b4? Not the Mutt 3somes either, I mean 2 IGHT joints! Shit is dope lol
I actually am.
hungoverrrrr RT“: How is derby day going ”
Is John Kruk the lead off hitter in the movie The Fan? #wow ch. 540 directv.
0.75 movie, you can't beat that!
2 all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions on a sesame seed bun!!!
AWW! I read Roald Dhal books I don't remember the first.
you know I gets it in
I'll be migrating my domains to this month! 10 bucks each!
that would be great! Haha
always boss...good lookin out
His every thing i ever wanted,every thing i need i talk about him i go on and on cause hes everything to me (: <3 I love E.S
never did that
USHLI in Springdale AR today empowering students at Southwest & Central Junior HS & Hellstern Middle School 3 more schools tomorrow
I think it depends on the person. Your nice to me, but then again I'm not an idiot
F u and your MF crew
wsop circuit main in San Diego
I feel like visiting Texas.
this would explain why i only do the business every other day.
Excited about her valentine day class party, my 1st grader promised, " yeah, we're going to boogie...around our classroom". Such joy.
Hey Evan, '' is inactive. The new twitter handle is '' Thanks!
nice i dug into the lyrics more after you said it's your fav song on CD. it is a great song!
If you get into the drones thing, the best general interest tweeter on this topic is surely
I love driving to chicago....mainly so i can reclaim my mayorship of #supermix cc:
Brett is going to Horseman's bachelor party this summer.. I am thinking girls weekend to come visit you that weekend????
Yeah, of the 95% of the people there I knew, 40% still owed me money Laugh Factory Christmas Party was mad fun! Peace'
Woke up this morning without coffee in the house for the first time in a while.
yep you sho right buddy!!!
#cara student Yvette C. just secured a position at Ada S. McKinley Community Services!! 53 of 310!!
Very proud of my VCU Rams to even make it to the Final 4:)
Get to leave school early for a 2 o clock home meet.
Learning and application of what you learn, you could solve any problem and gain any aim that you can set for yourself.
someone go run with me :(.
I want it to generate tweet automatically based on the tone of my icon...
Practice today...where are my Colonials!?!?!..
#relationshippains being single and seeing the girl you crush on everyday
no idea. Just remember hearing about it.
leaving for mexico in 10 days , cant wait for the beach , warm sun , & tanning :D
“: This man gave me his seat but he left it so warm I want to stand back up. Why was your ass so hot sir!?!? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>”>>he FARTED<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>
glasses, curls, teal sweaterdress. :)
Wow, just clicked your link & watched vid. Fantastic stuff and hilarious in an awesome way! Loved the dangling microphone!
Find me a bearpig.
T/G\IF
RT : Getting ready to see perform with and ! So excited! And then...KARAOKE!!!!!!
you must be pissed off all day!
Answer: Pasta. Really?
I'm just trying to show that you can have class and also be dysfunctional.
howz life? Your site is looking pretty fantastic these days!!
Wait, yoga tomorrow??? Did you mean Friday or are you really going tomorrow? Thurs is Dean's class, right?
thank you, beautiful! Have a great weekend!
What is going on off of the highland 101 exit? I see 3 helicopters & 9 police crusers...
You coming tomorrow?
If you win, you can't include your mom or stepdad #Eww... 3-Way... passes to their exclusive acoustic performance at 7:30
At #Cincytech this morning. Innovation in our backyard!
I'm listening to "Who You Are" by Jessie J., and it made me think of you! I hope you're having a great day! :)
What's The Best Kind Of Party?....A Stripper Party, Next Question...
I listen to the song once, and it's stuck in my head. Lol.
that's kickass man, have fun
New post: New Best GPS
Learning Twitter
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas... here in NYC
Congrats!! Looks so good! Your posts always make me laugh... that & fear the day I have teens. But love it just the same.
I'm seeking speaking engagements to educate re: OFCCP, ADAAA, AAP, NPRM, Inclusive Inclusion, Sustainability, Succession Plans.
Yup, my twitter account got hacked. Yes, I hope there is a special place in hades for hackers. Mean people suck.
@ Rackspace w Center for Nonprofit Support. Racker sharing insight on company culture. Celebrate what works. Find people stories.
Ending tomorrow is our $55/month rate for life Pick 2 Internet plan. (2) WiMAX modems w/no download cap & no contract required. 361-429-4758
I'm dumb I'm comin back to Mansfield to get my shoes
Newt Gingrich as guest curator? ;)
honestly losing though might be blessing given the weaker farm system. Trades could replenish as we close in on deadline.
Im So Bored & Its Making Me Slpy! Somebody Txt Me
where you gonna watch it at? I'll wear my retro Spurs Elliott Jersey!
Always a nice surprise when a Zac Brown Band song pops up on your iTouch Shuffle playlist or Pandora Radio.
you should learn to lose well :)
Pretty confident we're wowing the world right now.
lol! You're back in Nashville?!
Twitter R (and windows) users: do you have a favorite editor? Currently using TextPad..
don't be a dumbass
wat up ppl. how yall been i so miss yall
Exactly one month till my birthday. Let the countdown begin...
#wcphilly How to write your posts: Make lists! Cater to short online attention spans
Never Stop Smiling Justin! (plzzz DM them for me??)
I booked yes yes yes SAG too
Where oh where has my buddy gone? Miss you and loving you <3 <3 <3 <3 <3.
RT : RT : How will #3DPrinting change the world? Tweet by Monday for a chance to attend where our very...
I was ravished by the indelible cuteness of yet another canine yesterday. Rethinking my stance against dogs now.
hey boo. Go on dj tq page. She asked if anyone wants to make the campus live intro song.
GOOD LOOKING OUT YOUNG NIGGA IM AT 28 SO FAR GIVE ME SOME PPL TO FOLLOW SO THEY CAN FOLLOW BACK LOL
The more independent artists that can make a career, the more diverse the music scene.
bleach is on right now tune in
WOULD YOU STOP CHEATING ON ME FOR k, thanks!
I cant wait to go home and just be able to sit and read tonight
In keeping with the spirit of Guitars 4 Troops (recently featured on NPR, ABC, NBC and CBS, Chasing Disaster's new ep "Bullet For A...
#truth RT : “I’m going to play devil’s advocate” = passive aggressive way of saying “I’m going to be a dick now”
Hash browns..
Chose Le Pain Quotidien for lunch! Cutest place
hope to have that shit in the next 30 and gonna cop after that lets race
Clinton Kelly called us smartypants! Also, i need check up on this "librarians in love" look.
Thank you and I support you. I am a former battered woman. I wrote one of the first books on it in America. Nancy
I'm gonna have nightmares tonight #Papelbon is on the mound.
There is always an opportunity for you to get involved at SNACK. Whether it be through volunteering or donations, every little bit counts!
I've got a brand new feeling. Its a New Day
If any hard-working adults in Staten Island are looking for entry-level work, come to WorkForce1's job fair tomorrow morning at 9:30.
The greatest call to ministry we all hv is to family ....can u win them 2 Christ!
Just going to stay in a watch movies..
it was awesome! They even let me a hold a dime bag as a photo prop
Can't wait til October!!! See you at Sunlife Stadium! Miami Broward Carnival 2012!
all valid points, I'd really like to see the epic swarm reached on 4sq day this year
um. Was she just checking her nails?!
its working for some people and not for others, just keep checking in and shouting!
thats how it shoud go if only everybody followed that
Thanks for taking the time to check out the product. We're really excited to work w/ you folks.
Check it out I sent it lol
Kristin chenowith is pocket sized. Adorable.
Just finished my in pain on the way home where's the meds at
thanks for the follow
- Thanks! I would welcome any feedback on the "orphan works" white paper and/or thoughts on how proposals would affect writers.
Visit Diamonds & Pearls Couture
Having a lovely vacation in Notern Michigan, gorgeous fall colors and today...zip line!!!!!!!
Things don't happen like that in real life, crushes rip out your heart, burn your arteries, & watch you suffer.
Ridin with ": En route to the game to support the team #playoffs"
Woot killed that drive!!
i love babies. but not this late at night when i have school tommorow and a major assignment due okay....
....for dem there Gays I change my mind? Please! Those folks weren't going to vote for O no matter what.
yup, and what you learn outside of school.
2 faces 1 tear {8/20/05} wen you hurt I hurt..wen you cry I cry..your life is my life..your joy is my joy..ily
yes it was great : )
LMAO!!! why you making fun of that boy? some people get sweaty around beautiful people!
I dont really know what to say right now , i guess ill do some #AlexAndAustinMemories? :) -Sarah
DM IT TO ME
like.. what?!
Just got a "Dear Applicant" rejection letter from a place where I am currently employed. Nice.
We can see the light at the end of the tunnel! The best college student job opportunity ever..coming soon!
Liked essay. Can't get too worked up ab NA but don't think OA exists. All culture in any moment is appropriative.
A3 Pursue your passion but have a plan
you are beautiful, in every single way.
lol yeah I thought it was a good way to start the day :)
insightful and witty!
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. ~ Winston Churchill.
The Boondocks Is The Funniest Show I Ever Seen !!!
Thanks for the follow, have a wonderful day!
oh, ight I get know
Blood Drive this Friday at the Rice Wellness Center 10am-4pm followed by #GSA Crawfish Boil at 4pm. Give and Receive!
Good morning world!!! Sending hearts:)
Your beliefs don't make you a better person...your behavior does.
at the end of a long hall, 1/2 way to the right left peaking your internet to see the entire thing!
You are my sweetest downfall
Dito :b RT : I swear I had a live ass weekend”
anybody else watching the #MNLeg coverage on #tpt? just shot down a dumb ammendment on the
...Hard to believe we're leaving you, Milwaukee Fortress...
Excellent! Shoot us a tweet if you need anything MT Shooting 's show at the MAG today. Should be a great time!
Ah! I did the same thing! It's infectuous...
Are you eyebrows thinning? We have an amazing permanent makeup artist at Deseret. Take a look at the photos and see for yourself.
RT : ever go back and read your own update tweets? sort of like reading a journal rather cool.
Are you really this bored?
Mother's Day Drink Special: Fresh Peach Bellini!
I just realized that my Glade plug in lasted longer than #KimKardashian s marriage.
Stay schemin. Rick ross
I'm half an hour early all but 2 days this semester and no one is here, 20 minutes late today and there are 4 people waiting. Awesome.
BOW BOW BOW BOW BOOM! EAT IT ...
if he plays you guy will lose for sure
This nigga took his girl to Target to chill... Lmao smh
Don't you feel so defeated when you drop half of your Oreo at the bottom of your glass of milk?
aww omg I love ur profile pic! U and Jionni are so cute!! Love u both so much! Congrats on ur baby & engagement <33
Yo Joel! How r u? we should talk again! it's been a long time
RT Fucka friend, I need more enemies. At least those bitches admit they don't like me.
how can I be of service? =]
I TEXT YOU WHORE
EVERYONE go follow otherwise you will never have chaocolate again no lie so if i were you i would follow her!!!!!!
Pi Phi champagne breakfast with -again, I am the only guy and this time there are 100 girls. I just want one guy friend, just one ha
ATL! Come out and enjoy the Karaoke and Spoken Word Open Mic tonight at iLounge from 7p-10p @ 1287 D Glenwood Ave, Atlanta. See you there!
amazing design and visual feast of London's Sketch by !!
Oh hello Valentine's Day hangover.
Cats on Pinterest: a Pictoral History should DEFINITELY be one.
OMG!! E Lynn
Using authenticity and principled magic within an mmersive learning environment to teach science with jigsaw pedagogy
Yep. We're crossing our fingers for double-digit temp!
The friggin laptop has been getting frozen again. Maybe I'd better buy a faster PC. But I can't really afford it so far. Any pointers?
loved eating with yall today!! <3 :)
worth a try sometime then.
this song is beautiful to me ((:
Very cool.
great! Just waiting for this semester to be over!! Lol
In Greenwich village...love u NYC
Who's the worst? Stern? RT : I'm going to say this now Goodell is the best comissonner in the major sports
Changing the world begins with the very personal process of changing yourself, the only place you can begin is where you are.
THANK YOU (:
nice seeing you yesterday at the #SaraBayClassic. Good luck today!
Did you know that tomorrow is Pisco Sour Day? Where will you celebrate?
THINK I MIGHT CRASH EARLY!
Hahahaha, I almost RT'd this too. Did you decide on Yeast for Saturday, I would say London ESB, but you will have a higher FG.
all u fools niggaz can suk ma cock man
Have a great week ahead!
RT CU Soccer 2011 hilights. See , , & that diving header by are in it too
Thanks :) Hi Luisa. How are you?
Taking Nikki to a burlesque show, like a good big sister.
what happened to the podcast?
on to the next one
My fingers are like refrigertor meat, bur
thinking about doing a weekly #gopro video... starting off with a
thank you so much you made my day <3 . But i think the follow didnt work you are not in my followers :/ <3
Tonight! The sold out, Our Lady Peace show at Subterranean! The Pack A.D. open. Doors at 7:00pm, see you then!
this sounds like fun! where do people sign up?
Celebrating my princess birthday this weekend and my niece. Its all Kiddy action fun this weekend.
Do rappers get paid when they are featured on another rappers song?
Whoever made showing breasts a part of the mardi gras tradition deserves a throne and a small country..
im back in town now
Love watching ants stroll into my ant traps never to be seen again.
Team In Training is an awesome program & we'd love to have you on our team! Register for one of our upcoming fall events!
Lets Go KNICKS!
My THIRD Apple Macbook charger in a year died today, and my ultra loud Denon headphones malfunctioned yesterday :( Ugh
aww what's wrong
No one knows what i am talking about...... But you
Happy Easter!! Miss you!!!
Things I don't want hear while at work that I know I will: lil Wayne, the word "nigga", and "how much are dem beats?"
You put on any song and that shit is a hit
Can I put my clothes in your moms car in the morning? :)
If a patient judged your competence based on your waiting room or equipment, what would they say?
Nice meeting you last night at the
When the right talks about "fat cats in Washington" don't they mean Romney?
Have a 1-3NLH w a few seats still open. Come on over and get yours hours in for our $2500 Freeroll played Sunday at 4pm!
Ready, set, go - you have one week in Hawaii - where would you go?
My birthday has been awesome thanks to everybody who told me .
Hey Tere, it's our pleasure. Were stoked that you love longboarding! Hope you have a great summer of riding.
Happy birthday to the best dad! I love you!!
RT True religion is real living; living with all one's soul, with all one's goodness &righteousness -Albert Einstein
Gotcha. Where's Garrett Jones then? Won't he be the PIT 1B?
I want a cookie.. I'm craving them hoes :)"
Pittsburghs one of the most air polluted cities, but so is LA & five other Cali towns. i must be destined to die cardiovascularly.
Dewhurst, "he's back and stronger!"
Tim Tebow having a female dog named Mark Sanchez. Wrong on so many levels!!!!
mmmhhmm bu i chaged to this bc i got twitter jail once! lol im a twitterholic!
RT : ": looks like he survived a cremation!"n u survived abortion u HeBitch <== lmao!!!
girl, interrupted is one of the greatest movies of the 90's . or at least i think so ^-^
Rain, rain, go away!
This NBA trade deadline has been nuts. So many huge trades.
Yep, biggest problem NBA GMs have.
Corey Hart! The Alexander Semin of the brewers
New or used bass? look at used stuff first,many good instruments can be found in great condition at good prices.Don,t get hung up on brands.
Reality setting in today...rely on the strength of the Lord #he>i
Was going to get so much lesson planning done. But then the headache came. And the medicine cabinet is empty. Woof.
no prob Bob
Hey I love ur twitcon. U are a very beautiful woman.. I love complementing u <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
Another LIVE 30 Rock next week?! That's like winning the sweepstakes!
Ha! love this! I am going to have to use that one myself! ; )
thanks Sheila. You've clarified it. Great marketing, but not necessarily the best approach to managing a digital presence?
WE GOTTA COMFRIM FOR SURE FROM YOU HOW LONG ARE YOU GOING FOR?
have you done recaps for the other episodes like does. Maybe you two should do a duet together.
I keep on fallin' in and out of wells.
When your patient and wait the good one come when you least expect it
u did it again my G, 2 battles in 1 day. is getting 2 comfortable wont feeling him today. he aint hungry anymore
To clarify, I'm not saying marriage should be everyone's end goal or the ideal set up. Heck, some of us couldn't get married if we wanted to
My charity dream!
5k zombie run is on my schedule May 5! Boston here i come!! hehe. Perhaps there should be a team "Zombies Cant Love". :-)
#themostannoyingtweeters The UNFRIENDLY ones.
thanks to new followers have a great day!
dude! I missed your voicemail. Can I call you tomorrow?
Does the Crew have a chance to sign Ramirez???
It is important to incorporate market potential when setting quotas by evaluating fairness between territories says
hair is officially curled(: now i have to get dressed for this graduation ceremony for my sister
Definition of a Planet - A body of Earth surrounded by sky. (I can see the view-point).
When all else fails, just give up already
#LTNY looking at progression of shifts in the business of law
That's terrible! These folks would say, know you're type and go with it!
how rebuild? Compete or embrace Wikipedia?!?!
you are quite welcome! We seem to have the same sports philosophy. Will have to do this again!
stalking & checking & snooping >:| aint cool it just shows how insacure you are.
Happy New Year, Joe! God bless! :)
Chaudhary's take on sympathy brings to mind Deleuze's: part if the mechanism of "becoming everyone"--experienced as plurality.
oh! That should be fun. They are perfectly round. Creative :)
QoTD: "Hear one side and you will be in the dark. Hear both and all will be clear." (Thomas Haliburton)
But I thought the Israeli government warned all the Jews to get out!
Hmm, true. That's kind of creepy.
God I can't wait Togo home. Wanna curl in bed with my girl
Word for today is feckless: weak, ineffective, worthless, irresponsible. Is your business plan feckless?
Twitter you never looked so good haha
I actually bred a guy at the bookstore last night. He asked me to ease it in, so I shoved it in, pinned him to the wall and let him have it.
come back come back to mee like you would you would if this was movie stand in the rain outside till i come out - Taylor Swift <3
What are you watching tonight? Anyone checking out a horror movie? Give us a 140 word review and we'll retweet it.
GO FOLLOW THE BADDEST PROMOTERS ON HERE THIS THE TEAM YOU WANT TO BE ON...REAL TALK
Happy Veteran's Day. Thanks for your service.
Happy Birthday to Ben Thorseth!! R.I.P. you're always in our hearts bro! It was way too short, but i'll see you on the other side
Hate It Hate It!!! Lol RT : RT Don't you hate how everything is up for discussion
they are in my BFs neighborhood. I just hope they air it since it ends next week
Don't listen to these goofy bastards - keep doing your thing Pres. Obama. I don't need you to "act" for the cameras, just get shit done
Amanda French #dpla DPLA more than website, must provide services. Want a building - a monument to informed, enriched citizenry.
Love coming home too "I love you mom" even though they should be sleeping at 1130 at night.
Add personal touch to your clothing & accessories, it will save you up.
I think I agree. He sees her too often for it to be a booty call
Grind hard pray harder
you are the best I ever had, mom :).
wish you were here. :-)
Is GE running an ad for turbines or turbans...maybe I don't know how to pronounce that word. In either case not rushing out to buy one.
I will. Thanks!
I even got ignored on the way to class T.T I'll let it slide this time.
the Vans Warped Tour in August(:
Do you see what I see? Come try our challenging holiday scavenger hunt at the Conservatory Crossing! Now through Jan 8.
RT : everything on the internet was created by someone, even animated gifs
Our UK team is renowned for their hipness. cc:
I believe this is day 3 of my "White Rabbit" earworm. It does not matter what else I listen to, it creeps back in.
Checking out the Alabama Shakes show
The Importance Of sheerlingerie | fashion in pakistan
OH but i just remembered 's cousin said she could go shot for shot wit me n smh death wish lol
Still awake watching Sox v. Rays in top of 16th.
#drinkingbeer already on a Saturday night! Gonna be out in Chicago say hey if you see me! #Happinessis good times with great friends!
Meow. Meow meow meow. I love kitty cats.
Those jars. You were right. I'm obsessed. Looks wonderful you little
shelf life of Xtol is a bitch isn't it?
I like
You noticed from last night, we only did two from the 80s. And our set's two hours long.- Ann Wilson
Ok ha
Just inked a deal for a great new client. :) *wish I could disclose, sometimes competitive intelligence is an odd business.
PLEASE WISH ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY TODAY I TURNED 17 <3 u
GIVE WHITE PEOPLE SOME PATCHOULI INSCENSE AND OILS WITH SOME OLD VINTAGE BEE GEES. SHIT YOU GOT YOURSELF A OFF BEAT PARTY GOING ON. LOL.
it's totally yours too!! I'll write you a note if you need proof to show others :) xo
sure love (:
sweet, crispy and a lot of delicious. sweet potato is the newest flavor to hit the shelves at
The lesson is what you read in the fine print
Love is a losing game </3
What do men and beer bottles have in common? They're both empty from the neck up.
Meanwhile, the process of moving countries remains long, complicated and rich with absurdity.
Visualization Tools session has morphed to discussion of text modeling poetry. Not what I expected, but fascinating.
- ask Dad!
Just flew back to AZ now at CREAM in Scottsdale poppin' bottles where you at? Hit me up if you want to join me 602.348.1722. Miss ya all.
Bank Of America, pulling back on debit card fees, has another way to charge you more... find out how
RT if you saw or in public you would FReaAk out!
Putting a Soft cotton tee on after a hott shower>>>>> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
cause that truth hurts and those lies heal <U+2665>
This class can be somewhat boring.
Oh man~ D-rose maybe injured. Pacers all the way!
Have taken shit to a whole new level!
happy birthday brah!
All you gotta do is go to the store and by a carton of eggs, then you have 12 chickens! - //
Thanks for the Follow!!
these are the most uncomfortable shoes ever.
Awww brought back some of the original biebs movess back in Boyfriend(:
Wonder how much pizza hut throws down to get those pizza boxes on the table / sponsor the halftime show.
I put five creamers and three packets of sugar in my coffee. I AM NOT AN ANIMAL.
lmao yall still love that shit, prob only skimp u cuz the boss is makin it, if YOU order later in the day I got you!
hi! How was the show?:) are you guys still there
#1dayIwantto be completely drama free
I'm hyper! Let's play!
On the road again--lunch for 12 and Sales Prospecting 101 this week
Went dress shopping today :) feel like a princess XD
text me
I hate those bots! Have a great day!
Borrowing my friend's behemoth desktop PC for a while since I've been without one for almost 2 years.
Bunny and Brandy wish good luck to the Chicago chefs on
friends are the best family. EVER
Packing + Have One On Me = Death/Despair
try hot tea and advil cold and sinus :-) thats been helping me pretty well lately feel better !
New year - new goals, aspire to new highs
follow back? :) xo imma big fan of #PLL!!
Thanks Its my daily ritual except on sunday! I get my best ideas running!
Nobody in baseball I want to see succeed more than Josh Hamilton. 4 jacks tonight. Love it. You and your 3 Petco HRs can suck it, Braun.
New penny stock pick $PLPE. Just bought
I'm eating Subway for breakfast, you jelly? (;
omg! Two of my favorite country singers in 1!!!!! Can't wait!!!!!!!<3
Do not tease me.
Headed out to Need some canvas and brushes. Haven't worked on anything since got here. I feel inspired now.
ugh i need to meet again please come to new york very soon! xx <3
Sip on the new McCafé Cherry Berry Chiller & feel the rush of deliciousness.
Don't Grind or clench your teeth.
they look fitted like an American Apparel tee. Im ordering a men's medium to wear like a dress...the measurements are on the site.
yes sugarmuffin:) we suree do:) haven't talked since Tovey's party:( lets change that:) buhh bye beautiful;)
Ha. Good point. But seems like most (though not all) of the examples are areas where gov't involvement is long-standing.
I thank the lord everyday seriously.
thank you mama, love and miss you.
awh, thats so sweet of u to do<U+2665>hehe<U+2665>
way to do it how's it done last night.
can you come declutter my house too? 2 small kids+ 3 hour commute + full time job = messy house!
hahahaa that is so awesome!!! i think it so perfect!!! :)
I'm faded
that's me right now I only have 33%
P.E.A.C.E.- Proper Education Always Corrects Error
iphone autocorrect Settings/general/keyboard/autocorrect on/off
I remember my first tweet!
Not okay, tequila, not okay. I can't wait for tomorrow.
great to see you too! did you pick up a small bag at aoir conf registration table? i gave it to beth patin
i love prince
My sister is also a gifted healer
One more girl follow <U+21E8> for me? <3
I'm sure Richardson will turn the #browns around....... sike.
Do like some random song or something. ;) Follow me?
Really you think Eminem sucks? ¬¬ Are you insane, right? Haha, Sucks? You suck, BITCH !
Got hired to work at the Lowes in Elk Grove yesterday. Third different store I've worked at. Have heard good things about it.
#MustFollow Thanks for the connection Jackie
I ask that all the time and it does hurt. He was always about love and cared more for others more than himself. i miss him
that sounds like a fantastic lunch...
we prefer to be known by our tribal name "fans."
Depends on the kind of awkward. A certain level of awkward can be endearing.
RIP - Junior Seau - My prayers go out to him and his family.
Proud member of the CPC. Chris Piss Club.
We are looking to open at the end of April. Things are progressing nicely!
add me here my email find me
I #thought I had been following I think dis #iPod b unfollowing ppl
Thank you for #FF mention!
if you want to come back as a keynote speaker in the future, would that be your best move though?
that makes sense then! =)
I thought you can't make surface lots downtown, or is that because the shape is so weird?
how in the world did get cool smiley faces with sun glasses?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
June 26th Beer Land with Waxeater. Be there.
It just kicked in for me today. This morning is was the usual, then I came back and it was changed.
We are a fracture creation easily affected inside and out by influences .So test all spirit to see if its true .
Could you give me a call? Over the phone? ;)
great, same just trying to figure out how this workks lol
I'm so in love with <21
#artpolitics to think through the new. An active strain of postmodernism against nostalgia.
'Andy Murray confident about another disappointing failure' Sport just in
Music expresses that which cannot be put into words and that which cannot remain silent.
Tags, pizza, cool new friends, a reunion between a friend and I... Perfect night. Couldn't have asked for a better time.
#808Pride if someone calls you ugly dont yell at them punch them cause action speak louder than words
#hungry...I want a teriyaki bowl with some crab ragoon...can you make it happen ??? lol
They did it! Mount goes to the championship bowl game AGAIN!
watching the Rockies beat the Diamondbacks. Hope they can hold on through the 9th!
what is that extracted from?
Lobster meatball or Brie Burger ? Check it out with us Hot, Hot, Hot Gypsy Jazz to accompany your evening ! 9pm, no cover.
official showcase for Thursday night, need to get on some day parties, after parties, etc. any leads would be helpful!
I certainly am..loving this #ABQ weather
he's gonna be in Shanghai for 2 years with the architecture firm that hired him. I'm happy for him but I'm pretty bummed
you had me at hello...
i dont give a bleep about the royal wedding!
aw(: shuttup! I'm just telling you the truth(:
psh it's only cause you were amazing :D
Take the road less traveled the journey is much more scenic. The experience is worth it.
I think it's cool..really? witch one..
The last pick in the 1st ever #2012F2Amockdraft belongs to the #GIANTS as will be selecting
Feeling pretty pleased with my "giants as a SB sleeper" call. Healthy and balanced. Giants v Pats rematch.
you're half the ruminant you used to be.
Senator Fontana announces that #Senate_Bill 157 recently passed the Pa Senate unanimously -
ya supa lame
: ( I'll just have to do some on the ground reconnaissance & write down the relevant seats.
Coding my XML midterm. Wishing I had picked something simpler. Goddammit.
we are all upset with the royals recent failures... but #SKC is messing up the MLS Go
Mind boggling
-one day at a time
What are some other #ReasonsToLoveCoffee? Please share! :)
sooner nation
you're feet are hot.
You sent me this message 2 days ago and I still don't have an answer. Please respond so I know you're still there
GO PATRIOTS!!
we are in the midst of literacy revolution yet we keep hearing that no one reads anymore. The truth is reading has increased.
Oh girl we get it! Hope to see you soon :) ~T
aw haha:) I don't know if I'll be 'famous', but thanks!
I don't see why people waste their money to go to a comedy show only to heckle and bitch them out. Dude, you're a fucking idiot.
Yahh! Working on my new account (: Follow me people!! :D
“: First Laker game I don't watch or attend and Kobe drops 48. Wow.” maybe you should stop watching...do it for KOBE
A warm water/lavender oil soak for my feet. Relaxing, yes, but still a few pedicures away from being summer ready.
Thx for URL, will share. My best wishes to all. May I ask since u refute: where were sonograms if not in tent as reported?
Where's the $100 billion - heck, where's the $65 billion?
In math bored
Noticed That after MJ passed a lot of his friends have been dying. Its quite sad
listening to music (stress therapy ) and cutting and redying my hair <3 maybe someday someone will find me attractive :( i hate being alone
Harry:"Whats ur name?" Me:"My Future Wife" Harry:"Everyone, this is My Future Wife. Audience:.. Me:.. Harry:.. Me:.. Harry:"Wait a minute.."
Expect greatness. Start the day saying "something good is going to happen to me today!"
dude I don't wanna listen to anything else besides our band! I love our songs!!
Hey. I sent you some shirts from and we've merged with We've got some awesome stuff. Interested?
DGA and HITECH Data Centers wishes everyone a Happy Thanksgiving!
no he didnt, he shot like 35% all season. Jon Lucas did erthing
Just finished watching the super bowl and eating a lot of chocolate covered pretzels with and
ME: That sounds groovy. Hope you had a great flight ROFLMAO!!!!!!
I am watching on the Talk and laughing my butt off !!!
Church was amazing!
- gotcha, thanks! :)
Can't wait for the TV commercials featuring ! Hurry up, Opening Day!
Rise+Design! Ed Helm's, from The Hangover, rewrote a verse of his Tiger/Doug song to help get us through the remainder of the week...
wat is it?
I hear yu.. What's da name of ya cd ill help yu get it out hea!!! Yu no we
Pff don't even, you're in Chicago having an incredible time with #Jelly For jealous.
"It gets dry from beating it like that." - Bob Ross. Oh he's a kinky one tonight.
It's Friday the 13th AND National Kiss Day! Lipstick stains on your clothes? Love marks? Get them cleaned for
It's the little things in life that count. I tried a new toothpaste this time and it's amazing! I love how clean my mouth feels right now!
hahaha...I'm catching up on my favorite shows...it can't be noticed I've missed almost a year ;)
Feed your hunger! A well balanced meal=protein: chicken, fish, tofu, beef, & grain & starch: pasta, rice, potato, & color: veggies/fruit.
I have 3 PAID slots available or the Warrior Dash in Portland next Saturday. Message me if interested!
From an alum, thanks 4 the follow!
I heard the birds chirping! Can't wait for it to be morning
thank you so much! We are very excited!
don't text me if I'm inna bad mood. that could be the worst mistake of your life.
In town for ? Come join us for a glass of wine, some cheese and some great live music this evening!
Lol Ticketmaster rep screwed us over but we managed to get 7 sep tickets in the same section
wishing YOU a merry x-mas, we hope you find a pair of SOLD OUT tickets in your stocking tomorrow !!
heh. Wordpress showed that I was being followed by a certain KG from another wordpress blog, so I clicked on "follow".
Donating my truck to #charity. It's become an on-going nightmare w/ whackos of #DC government and I think this might fix the karma..
Methinks #Samsung decided #RichardDreyfuss was too much $ and went with scale VO + crazy money on #Rocky, #MLK, etc licensing
I just ate a whole pack of mentos, but that's ok because they're mints and not candy... please feel free to not correct that statement.
I'm coming for you December 8th. Oh yes. Oh yes.
Thanks for the suggestion. Wish it were available for PC/Mac.
hey how was your birthday?!
Another way to enhance yr homebuyer customer experience: portals! Share building process, encourage communication, keep it all in one place!
Miss my mates, laughing at silly things
I'm sorry, but three in a row should be a sign....
Yeah ikr i just finished too..I hate it, there are too many questions and CL is so frustrating
Yes! Tell everyone, & , this Fri & Sat ! Rage!
Good vibes coming your/your dad's way.
Crystalshines7 FYI Romney didn't win. He was chosen by Wall Street and he's not a natural born citizen. F the constitution
aww haha well congrats to you on meeting m&l again! You all look lovely in the photo! :) email me the pics if you have any a
yes! I am more important than a presentation and school!
Office outing to experience #Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition. This is a must-see exhibit you don't want to miss!
what about AJ Jenkins?
The Art of Learning" by Josh Waitzkin is an excellent book which I think you would like, great insight into the process
Patriots win....Patriots win
looks like you've been working out :)
We're looking for Seattle-area, like-minded organizations to collaborate on a tweetup. Interested? Message us!! We love networking!
Let's talk bad about me to my boyfriend ya real smart?
Masoli leading all players with 41 yards rushing
no u don't have to. And I just run to stay in shape like around the block & stuff
Death before dishonor is losing it's meaning
Gettin ready to go outside before it rains. Falling head over heels for an amazing guy. =)
My little baby LOVES you on Fresh Beats. Any haters need to be nice. You are great at your job! :)
super special #FF to my phavorite phambro dirty you get one all to yourself!!!
i have XL... i like little larger than normal! ;) LOVE U
All my favorite things in one photo.
I am in class. and its so boring all talk no learning
not today, i will when i get home though... i took 2 advil pm about 30 seconds before i hit my head- oops
I miss The Vampire Diares! Can't wait ubtil Fall!
did you know that your last fb status has TONS more likes than 's latest status? :o #2012isAustinsYear<3
i have so much to do...this class is just wasting precious studying time.!
Sunday: stay focused, stay positive. Misery loves company so don't take a rest there. Keep moving forward!
We will be cheering you on tonight!
Women wish to be loved without a why or a wherefore; not because they are pretty, or good, or well-bred, or graceful, or intelligent,
Hurra! Lunch was awesome! Glad we got to catch up about Turkey and life in general. Also, EVET! I would love that! :)
How do you think the Japanese public would react to very huge sounding, powerful, MELODIC synthesizer music with strong beats?
Super awesome surprise video tonight! Who wants to see it it ASAP?! :D
Spotted: cycling one handed across 42nd Street, wearing a dapper tweed jacket. Never seen anyone look so elegant on a bike!
is a great business in Georgia! They support and sponsor PC artists!
&u want me gone forever.
Thanks for reminding us of his birthday.
Scalabrine chants in staples center. Bulls fans showed up tonight!
And we're headed toward the home stretch! Get your adaptive learning questions in now.
I'm glad I'm not the only one suffering from boredom at work. RT : What on earth am I gonna do with myself?
Thx for the rt - Much appreciated!
Hose a
Fake nick maras on facebook who think their real.
At least we know we're not alone .
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. Og Mandino
Hey Jen!!!thought i'd look you up on twitter.I do occasionally.
Is this life
Haha :P Ninjaness? :P Hehe =) Okay, I Will Try Not To Leave Again :P =) I Missed You Too :)
Very sexciting! Thanks for giving me something to look forward to on Schmalentine's Day!
hey what up
Ascribe to the LORD, O mighty ones, ascribe to the LORD glory and strength. Psalm 29:1
woudl it be ok if i dm you
Floyd gonna tko him watch
I like SNAPpers (2 p's) because it reminds me of snapping fingers as opposed to Snape.
same to you!
my email address is .
Some ppl never get old haha
and "Sign of the Times"... that record is the stuff. Those wowowows
What species scares u then?
#MusicNews Shut Up, Dude: This Week’s Best And Worst Comments
Rest your head ... Get it right!
It's a great day to say thank you to someone!
I can't remember if this is one of those go to work holidays or not :(
Very proud of this iu team.thanks for a great ride,no matter how good u play, u can't beat a team that shoots 95% on almost 40 FT's
thanks so much!! I'm super stoked for it. Oh you're so right! He's a survivor, and someone we can count on :)
Remember to wear tight jeans.- Costa
MT : (1) German Embassy honors #NationalDaysofRememberance at #HolocaustMemorialMuseum by reading out names of victims today.
There will be hell to pay with fire and blood!
next year sam! we'll make it happen. i've put it on my vision board in my head!
Candy is my crack
please send us your contact info to
I'm going to start the Ministry of Studies then. :-)
WOOW! Twitter... It's been too long!
Shoot us a riddle, we can answer anything --->
Thank you Lord for allowing me to make it through another year safe and sound.
Mad respect for Marc Ecko and his AWEthenticity.
You'll have to let me know how it was! (:
Hey what do i wear to this beach workout? Goggles, speedo, shin guards?? Talk to me...
Going to shave my head and grow a beard, so I can be in a Christian band.
Our new cd "A Sheep in Wolf's Clothing" is now on iTunes! Make sure to pick it up, and tell 'em Jerry sent ya!
Eric bledsoe is a player.
At ALA Council orientation but missing library boing boing discussion
Hey Dairy Queen. I grow friends too. And they're all named MaryJane. :D <3
ON TWITTER? FOLLOW:
how greatt:O
hey Eden! Thanks for following me. Hope to see you soon for some phelps Spingarn collaboration
I was innocently walking home from school and the crazy horse-obsessed girl drove past and waved to me with the creepiest smile ever.
you're a loser xD I love you
lmaooooo I already know. <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00BD>bahahaha but I'll be doing the same. I'm just now getting up too. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Hi love the site!!!
really? Not even back in the day with my old emo band? George came to our first show. Poor thing. It was awful haha
Fascinating works of art!
ah so close! We got half right
Thank you...
I cannot live, I cannot breathe unless you do this with me.
done reading? Haha
theyre trying to download indesign fonts on the new imac or whatever
If he knows what he is doing he will have a seat ready for the homie…..
so jealous of your adventures. I look forward to your recap. In Cali? Wisco return soon?
If Chivas lands a ball in the middle of the logo in the stands, the player gets a free steak.
Enjoying a quiet morning.
You're coming sat aren't you??
You can change default. Settings/General ...
Me and Jeremy showin out in this light room lol
just completed 10 minutes of meditation with
Ok so why did old dude text me right now saking me what am I doing and am I still ignoring him like really r u kinding me
I see. I'll look into the game, but I'm playing the God of War series right now.
RT : RT : : Drink your morning coffee with these eco-friendly cups! #Win them by...
yeah. cause I'ma dumbass P.L.U.R.<3
Guys, I really like . I 'like like' him
YW, and I'll look forward to your images!
ive been confused since I started following you 2 months ago. What is MK7? please i must know
nah,...am just jealous...
Just saw a horse suck a slug to death and spit it into a bush.
Thank you all for the #ff recommendations!
was the wink creepy? It looks a little creepy now that I see it
First person to like this status wins 2 tickets to see Hairspray at Drury Lane in Oak Brook tomorrow afternoon at 1:30 p.m.
why are your eyes closed betty? Its so beautiful in the BAY TODAY
enjoy winter! It is just really late this year...
Hey Mia, How have you been?
Are you going to holding a Cash Mob?
#sotellmewhy we only talk about cleaning.
this is very true
good to know!! that's what i'm getting, i've been slightly freaking out!!
Where did all of these hot math nerds come from
he's prolly submitting like crazy to Specter but y'all keep rejecting him
People if u have not read The Scorpio Races u need to stop what u r doing and go find a copy.
CIE Director speaking about importance of "failing fast" and how Ben will share on that topic.
Ha ha ha because men snore and we women want our own rooms ha ha ha
Most ironic health class of my life.
let's go to steak n shake!
I see we hav some og's n common wreckx work & some nu too much luv Fam M
#FF Great clients&friends!
I would like to welcome to Twitter! Welcome, PONCE!
how often do you type Milfs into your phone, so it thinks you use it in your regular vocabulary?
One of those groups is in mine :)
Im afraid I can't do that.
Out cupcakes turned out delicious!!(:
pills kicking in, good night/morning/day, hope your hair comes out the way you want. Talk to you later.
At $6 mil AZ would have to eat $5 million. ONLY Padres cant hit him. Take them out of his record & he is worst in MLB in 2011
hi! We need to talk!!!
RT : kiss me by ed sheeran is going to be played at my wedding yes ok yes
Interesting. I'd like to see more discussion of how this affects quality--and, for that matter, quality of life for the authors!
My phone dies far too often.
Loving this LA weather : )
At Seton Hill University for Denise Pullen's new play, Running in Traffic.
(i was agreeing with your statement)
we should start a new lending team on Kiva.org, "The coolest people in the world", it'd be a small team ;-)
Cain endorses Gingrich for President at an event tonight in West Palm Beach
have at it! Any idea I have is fair game. ;)
Hey beautiful ones
I can't take credit for it, because I didn't say it first. But nonetheless it is very well said and definitely the truth!
Biden and Justice Kagan have both arrived here at the White House in "Slash" costumes for POTUS' #TheVoiceFinale watch party...
Is the changing season giving you skin issues? No worries! We can create custom treatment for you. Call us to schedule an appointment!
if you want the recipe, i'm hear to make that melancholy tea.
So grateful and inspired by the Atlanta+acumen team - great stuff happening!
I was cursing out the damn shuttle bull shit !!! Lol
Good to see you, too, Jeff.
Thank you!! Enjoy and of course if you have any issues let me know.
Instead of bitching about the bad call at the end of last night's game, why don't you try helping out on the defensive boards.
Spinach and cheese-stuffed chicken breasts in white wine sauce with bashed, oven-roasted lemon potatoes. How about you?
yea its mad crazy on here the game had came out today
If you can give your students agency, I'll take a side of it.
I'm great. How are you?
In session about migration to #D2L. Looking forward to hearing my colleague, Emily Stone talk about DePaul's experience.
OMG are you serious? Who did that?
What do you sexy followers want me to pic of . My vag . But . Or boobs ?
Wednesday was bike to work day in NOLA. Continue the healthy trend and make 1 day/ week bike day. Your heart will thank you for it.
just had a good sesh with some crazy ppl :) that's always the best.
Looking forward to this Saturday's Urban Wildlands Half Marathon in Richfield. Hoping for not-so-heavy weather. #running urbanwildland.com/
ha, i tweeted to myself earlier. Im up n adam if ya wanna hit the gym early
hey just read your blog entry on digitization and metadata. If you ever want to discuss any of the issues, let me know
yeah as far as I know!
s/o 2oo , sweet dreams & goodnight :)
See you soon!!
lame as hell. Now my nigga wiln
"Life is good but love is better/Even Bieber ain't forever"
“: well I'll catch up! whether you cheat or not, mwahahaha :)”
A precedent embalms a principle.
There has been so many trends but I think it's time for #Mom4Bieber to trend WORLDWIDE!!! <3
Edge of my seat. Literally. At Dolcezza, on the edge of my seat here.
I should make a movie who's wit me?
I will be adding new products to the website... Coconut butter coffee butter yummy for the skin
I was making duplicate tweets today. Sorry. I am not a bot. Blame Blip.fm
Giants punt!
your account is sending spam
good! :] how about you? Are you still on the desert? Hope you're having a great night. Love you :*
One more automated timer, and I should have ALL herpotological enclosures fully automated! What a productive day!
No problem, let me know how it goes.
today were finishing up the last day of shooting for the new RH Bass Course book series
thank you very much! I am never satisfied! Can be good and bad ;) I look forward to our new friendship!
If i show u a magic trick your impressed if i show u how to do the trick then you will think your my equal.
Not to get overly philosophical, but all of our bodies will eventually break down. Our will only does so much.
She put me through a lot of shit too... no one is perfect.
thanks for the great review. went there last night and LOVED it.
#Thank you #Europe for supporting TA!
This is the first lay in I've had for ages
In about a month ;)
What's that? What's that you say? You say today is Saturday? G'bye, I'm going out to play!
2nd season of Missing is already frustrating and repetitive. Didn't we do this already? Also why is the set so dark all the freaking time.
aww thanks! Tours, talks and great artwork. Stop by ' booth at the Affordable Art Fair, ends today!
You make me smarter :)
Fiesta de Puffles
like what...?
I haven't smoke dro n a minute....
Same here. I missed my Monday mornings off. So glad to have them back, and to have the law students back.
LMAO.... No I'm not bald lol ..!! My hair was blonde lol
I hate it when I'm too busy to just sit and watch When I'm working on other stuff while watching it, I feel so unsatisfied.
sorry, we have to sit back and wait for the sun to shine again...
i was saying i wanna meet for lunch on monday!
I don't even wanna go to prom anymore
hey did you watch the "Helga Lately" sketch? Seems it was all in good fun. Sweden is probably pretty offended.
Damn still at work
did the perfect take of a new song called fangs...& then the computer loses its mind...
Looking at pictures of my family in Chicago... I miss them so much :-(
Ahh, youve got "originals". I have the tradebook-its fresh too.Me and my kid would read em at the bus stop :)
Hope all of you had a wonderful holiday just got back myself
Back from the holidays and open for business--215.790.3836x1
ill see what I can do
No if I did I'd just be riding the ride mower
Really thought I had seen it all, then I watched the Eddie Long video. Frightening!
RT : It's already too hot in Texas to wear pants indoors.
that sounds nice, I listen to music a lot when I'm trying to lull myself to sleep haha
Oh my. I love you bitches, I really do but that's enough #FF's. I'll do more in like a week.. or two.
What kind of kid doesn't watch cartoons and hates chocolate?
man chill out!
The supreme court maybe an unelected body but in this case they're representing the popular better than the elected bodies
you got many #seattlepackernation peeps?
Our band is definitely a Charlotte.
Omg i love shopping. ;)
what up sun!
Good Morning Lil cousin.. Love you RT : Goodmorning favorite cousin
New Moon is a thoroughly campy and ridiculous movie but I really love the soundtrack. Reminds me of the first fall I spent in ATX.
maybe they thought it was striving too hard for effect :-)
haha. yeah, yeah...
bahahaha yes!!! RT I think I'm gonna have to purchase the iPhone app "Last night....?" just for this weekend...yikes!
You bet. Have a great one Leslie!
RT of your going to the Super Bowl!!
let me know like falsetto singing
Oh, I am so curious what you ended up doing!
Experience a dramatic reduction in hunger and cravings for all types of food with HCG Body Transformation System
If the H2 Channel runs one more special about the Apocalypse, I'm going to kill myself!
#ad2dc "Detroit Spot" - did it miss pushing who created it?
Jjuat woke up.*yawns... .Lets get this night started! XALOS, ANAHEIM TONIGHT!!!!!!!!
Nope, those are wackadoodles, too. Also,
Worst thing about March... Shamrock shakes, gross
Danielle stores nuts in her bra.
Editing new video tip...stand by :-)
Does #socialnetworking really benefit the individual #photojournalist if they are not using an #iphone (or equivalent)?
Babysittin for free what don't judge me
;) RT : god I blame the bulls for this even being a topic of discussion in May
Twitter is always acting up!!
oh got it! The old Weissgerber's place. Nice view there. The concrete floor is slippery when wet! Careful!
i just wish i wasn't leaving FGCU so i could see first hand this team grow :(
Teeny tiny RT : The older you get, the smaller the world gets.
Dam the rain and lightning kicked my internet connections ass )=
John Hodgman as Abed's therapist on Community tonight? YES.
RT : RT : Q2: WHAT “BABY STEPS” HAVE U TAKEN TO GET UR WHOLE FAMILY ACTIVE & HEALTHY?
Thanks to for being on the #dccdconv campaign panel!
Full day..I'm beat. <U+270C>
WOW! Phil I know you're rockin' Heaven down. RIP Sweet darlin' darlin darlin' .... <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
nope! But I'll be sure to tell them it's your favorite bar :)
your welcome sweetie anytime :)
Bravura Enters into LOI to Acquire Quebec Graphite Properties
let's do it! You know I am down!
u coming to da empire ?
Oh...I Get It Now :P Haha =) YES I'm 21 :) And Happy To Be 21 :D Love You Too :)
I suspect life is about to get ridiculously sweeter.
Let's do this.
Today's the day! Our new menu has been launched! Pics to follow :)
mass media hw. sucks.
yes they do. Large and mini sizes
Rec Calendar - Carroll County Times
Aside from our new website, find us in Impression's Buyer's Guide when you need to compare equipment & accessories.
Faith is having a positive attitude about what you can do and not worrying at all about what you can't do.
i want you to :/
I'm going into withdrawal. Any new Kitchen Nightmares or Master Chef coming soon? Pretty pls!!
A mind always employed is always happy. This is the true secret, the grand recipe, for felicity.~ Thomas Jefferson
Don't hate because she can count. You seem to think the opposition can negotiate with "patriots" who won't with their own party.
did you try any of those places I told you about
who we playing in the final?:o
Good Money Morning!
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally. ~David Frost
thanks I hope we can still be cool! after al the drama that happened, like call me when u can.
lol but really who? I wanna know
Yes, I think so. Haha. The smell of gasoline makes me feel dizzy!
:( how come your not sleeping? that must suck!
wishing y'all very happy holidays!
I think I started something, I got what I wanted did didn't I can't feel nothing
you take this? If so, you alright?
RT wow… officially hit 500 million users today. congrats to say the least.
McDonalds ad tag-line just now during NO/GB: "The simple joy of being smart." Yeah, smart and fucking obese.
hope u feel better
You should totally kickstart a new all-penises version of Draw Something. You can call it Wang Dang Doodle.
RT : Just cause you can't pick the cards you're dealt doesn't mean you can't choose how to play 'em.
cuz she be going ham
Ever smell elderberries in bloom. Absolutly intoxicating!!!!! Roots cellar. One week left. Look for creative infusions in your next drink..
About to grub on some waffle house.....
Stop by our Little Italy location today for our Happy Hour! Available from 4pm-7pm at the bar. Don't miss out!
I just finished a 10.6 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
why the unfollow?
you in a band bf?
20/80 rule: 80% of the time we should NOT talk about ourselves on our social media channels. Can we do it higher ed?
DOL has been doing pilot on analytics for intranet site. Now just need time to really analyze the data.
I can not beleave how much Ron Paul gets ignored
time to start getting ready.
haha it's okay girl, I'm just pretending like I don't even know who that is :p
a cup of coffee?
see your sexy ass ina few
No problem! How's Osaka this time of year?
Wow!!! Baseball season just took a downward spiral :(
i love it.. So glad it's back on
We are pleased to announce our new nonprofit partner, The Fatherless Child.
pi day! perhaps a pie is in order.
Feels like the flu
"The MDG's goal is to reduce by 50% the number of person who lives in slum ! ", Gérald Tremblay, Mayor of Montreal.
the Krusty Krab is now open.......at night.
That's fun. Bryce Harper steals home/pick off move to 1st by Hamels. Just took him to school. Bet he wishes he wouldn't have plunked him.
didnt Mo Williams have a thing with/for Lebrons momma?
noticed me! I'm so happy <3 :D
I promise you are. You're still young, you can still change so much. I look NOTHING like I did before when I was your age.
See y'all in Atlanta!
Thanks for the RT, dear agents!
I'm gonna go punch a wall now.
Before bed last night, Myla had to give rocking horse a hug. Her poor dad didn't get one. Only horsey.
Yes, the world is small. I love it!
Hardwork and dedication is all it takes to succeed in life
Thanks so much for the RT :).
I want to hit 5k followers before 5k tweets, so I might not be as active :(
,Hii You So Cute,Paris .U My Inspiartion.Please Followback Me
All I have wanted to do for like the past two weeks is eat at MASU
Baker mountain-climb scheduled (my 1st ascent). Training underway. When not training, am wrkn. When not wrkn, am training. luv it!
How u gon let em touch that face? Sound like he took his job too seriously. Hope yall had fun otherwise.
I haven't been on twitter in so long!! All my tweets are from gifboom :O
Hey guys! I follow back ;)
Glee isn't wrong this season. The arts have been going down for a while...about the same time people decided they didn't wanna pay for music
Will take more than a Petition. I'm prepared to take it on. We need to fight! Corporations are not people.
im going to sleep .
Hey, tasty pastries... I get it!
It's not enough to convince those in your organization of your value. You need to go beyond the walls of the organization. Kane
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (21)
I Hate when people but in Yo business and don't know what's going on but got plenty to say
Yes he is.
I never know if I'm outsmarting #activerecord, or if it's outsmarting me.
this saturday at sacred grounds homie - be there. have fun be inspired and read on our open mic
“: Wichita, Chief Meteorologist Dave Freeman says move to shelter now.”
Happy #5amclub & #6amclub twitter land! Who's sweating this morning??
oh. I just said sorry for taking your keys and throwing them in the grass lol
#hotchellerae #downloadhonestly if you had a time machine, what time/decade would you go back to? Also, ready for Chicago?!?!?
Selling stuff on Craigslist- Legit e-mail inquiries, but most completely devoid of any punctuation use. Amazing.
Woo! Found my new Burt's Bees that I lost like the day after I got it!
isn't he that dude who came out wit "please dont go"? Lol that's thee ONLY song I know. Madd #pasttense. #TeamMcKnight! Lol
Somebody was playing on my phone last night al I kept doing was laughing I know who it was I'm just waiting to see what he say
oh yeah! Me too I jumped ship for ONE DIRECTION!
lol, I'm gonna do this paper though
Happy Birthday ! I love having coffee with you every morning!
Thanks for the reply, but I can't DM you unless you are following me.
I will be catching up on Game of Thrones tonight on
Are you going to ALA? If so, stop by and tell us all about your success stories using LearningExpress Library!
RT : 3 year-old to a rooster puppet in Noah’s Ark – “Hi, My name is Aidan, I will help you find a home. I'm an animal rescuer.”
Truism: "Blues is easy to play, but hard to feel." - Jimi Hendrix
Next on the , former OK State WR joins us to discuss his preparations for the NFL Draft.
Will do! Time for some shopping": its pink shirt day!! Help support to protest against BULLYING!!!"
DAMMIT! I try not to snack before bed, but once you eat a handful of Goldfish Crackers (insert any flavor here) you are not going to stop
Had my second day of powder puff practice, its s fun but im sore lol
Why are you on a flight to Los Angeles right now? Wanna take a detour and stop by San Diego for a bit instead? It'll be fun!
Being a good person can be measured by the way u treat the people around you.
Dick Clark ? No ,not possible.Was gonna say maybe the Mayans were right but that damn got there first.
Nowak: The trade will give the Union another defensive option
Gotta scoop my lil brothers 2morrow… Might hit up Bluffton before I do so !
chomping at the bit. As in, a horse chomps at the bit in his/her mouth when raring to go. Thanks historical romance novels!
with Fallon. You?
All achievements, all earned riches, have their beginning in an idea. – Napoleon Hill
He probably lives near your office and is foursquare checking in nearby.
overpower ignorance by waking up and seeking the truth follow me and I wil def follow u rite back
I don't watch tv much but when I do, it's Chopped.
What I need right now is a fat ass blunt..
HARP 2.0 is rolling out. Call me to see if you may qualify. Warning: many banks are adding extra rules
Feel free to contact me at
She looks like Avril Lavigne now. Pretty hair, still looks like Avril.
I didnt know ppl still watch The Game....shrug
we have directv and watching.it
lol, it's been great recently. Getting radio play on #wfmu and some others. Playing shows here and there. Interesting, I like. ;-)
yes! On the 3rd floor! With lots of little kids and cute story books : )
Red Hot Chili Peppers at Prudential Center!
Do they make a Root Beer with alcohol in it? Like a real beer? I don't know if it exists but I want one.
Hm...Kobe is looking a little frustrated...NEVER under estimate the Deer...#BeMilwaukee Defense #1 tonight!
#ConfessionNight .... I No I'm Beautiful Because I'm God's Creation But I Do Have A Lot Of Insecurities I Needa Work On
hell yes. Browns game tonight with my brothers
ok awesome out link to our website is on our bio, there you should find the forms, come check out our fights in lbk this weekend
Don't you just love when babies hold your finger with their whole hand.
RT : One of the art world's most recognizable images- Edvard Munch's "The Scream" - has sold for a record $119,922,500.
Snow is falling outside my window!
I love to dance
Wouldn't it? It would certainly make moving easier!
just realized Skitch is Mac only. feeling somewhat lost.
I would love to know what is wrong with robin...
Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it.
So who would be down for us to so a stickam before I leave for vacation, maybe tonight at 7? Hmm...
Additional problems are the offspring of poor solutions."-Mark Twain.
Do you like my new name?Lol ;P
I just had to promise 12 cake balls in exchange for an awesome spreadsheet he created. What has the world come to?
music sounds better with you baby
Time to hit you all with the Pre Mayweather - Cotto fight TECH update!!!
Woah I think I just got mind fucked. Lol
My anorak jacket, acid wash jeans and combat boots defy this weather. Guess it's time for an outfit change.
I really hope my teacher could get autographs doe
Beautiful! Are you making your next film there?
OMG Kathy Griffin on Glee?
I can't. I have golf :(
Happy to have finished my Six Sigma project...the Black Belt is mine!!
How could I have forgotten how much I love Linkin Park?! Thoroughly enjoying their new single
It's over daddy
watch it
What the hell is this place
Please email w/your contact info. New product will be out soon for you to sample!
Recurring Q at #FSA2011: "How do we authenticate someone who seeks sensitive info over the phone?" See financial services sector practices!
Mingling at an awesome wine tasting
Saying Good night for real! Lol Night you guys! I hope you all have an amazing day tomorrow! <3
#CRAP D-Rose.
I wanna drop kick you down a flight of stairs
need. chocolate.
"Its a great day to be alive gentlemen!" -Dick LeBeau-
totally agree! ;)
MT Obama called Sandra Fluke, insulted by Rush, but not Pascale Mauclair, attacked as "Worst Teacher" by NYPost. Why?
:) lunch date happiness.
someone put money in my pocket!
"Do you want guac on that?" {hippie scratches head}
Don't u mean CUBS pregame? ;) hope u had fun!!
Calling a woman a prostitute because you disagree politically is unacceptable. Calling a prostitute, however, is totally fine.
Looking forward to Dubai and Abu Dhabi for NYE!!!
haha I would hate to be a dog and lose my mojo
just go with it Teej!
We are hiring/ looking for talented blog writes for our site PaidJob! email us at
to do decent things with their lives, thanks to the fact that the "father's" first wife had left him (due to his drinking, drug abuse,....
I have a new poem on my web site at www.lindaswift.net. Read it on the New Releases Page, under HUMANLY SPEAKING. Learn about Dinah.
I want you to reread the first 6 words of your tweet and judge the likelihood of that happening...
dats true, people need to get hip
Effective communication is directly related to overall IT effectiveness.
yeah, but when I visit I don't stray too far past PJ. The city has a weird Orange County vibe, though, especially Putrajaya.
I'm fine. We will win the series.
When I was 15, I only read Beat authors and only listened to Velvet Underground. The only word to describe me in that year: twat.
No problem, as a father that was a very interesting stat to me. My kids are very young still, but something to think about
Now we about to have desert. Oh man, thank GOD!
Great to hear hosting the Belling Show this afternoon. Listen at 1130 AM or online (www.belling.com)
Glad most people got the poll right! They were paying attention all semester.
Like bitch you can't even skate.
That's an
I been #TeamNoDraws for the past 2 days.. & I'm loving it.. (^_^)
Last showing of A Raisin In The Sun -- in Juneau Alaska!
convinced that linked data is valuable "for reasons unknown"
thank you geez lol
lls! U crazy
We're celebrating Fierce, Phenomenal Women at Target First Saturday this wknd w/music by & Fredericks Brown
That's great news! Can't wait to get more info.
i would love for u to do my makeup one day!
Hey good night tomorrow.S.jey _:)
Lets go Pitt
I have this great plan and you're in it. I just can't let my friend see it, so I'll dm you if you follow me. #ItsHerDream :)
Even you are not rich enough, Sir Robert, to buy back your past. No man is.
Stoked RT : hey I'm bringing a crew next weekend 5/5 for my bday.
Can not wait to start throwing parties this summer
You twitter famous huh?
Mrs. Mathias made the mantra Remember the Past, Transform the Future personal, asking the kids to be Upstanders
thx its been great so far.
Last day of library school! (As far as face-to-face instruction, that is.)
I do,I do!
Hey, I missed the story! Thanks for including me! :)
I feel like i've been neglecting my husband.. I love you babe! <3 (;
Mo'Nique won best supporting actress in "Precious:one of the best delivered, at the 82nd annual Academy Awards.
follow Mee!!! #stopbulling! It hurts others in ways you wouldn't even know!!
Just got 's Album!I love Im Not One Of Them!! :D
The last body english tuesday till next summer!!it's going to be great
Dang, i thought it was wed so i got all excited for but its only tues! this show is so good, i just wanna see it already!
lol jeuses mom just buys him a laptop.
It is also a direct result of the exposure of our members' identities, an exposure that is being perpetuated by #mla12 itself.
The city of Tucson continues to violate Arizona State Statute 32-1101.01. Total disreguard for the law. Discusting!
you're welcome
Chic makeup artistry @ ulta Carlsbad the forum ca until 3:30 Right next to amazing Boscia skincare! Come meet with us!
Happy New Year to the best collegiate football organization in the ACC..I wish you success and prosperity in 2012.Go Wolfpack!
How do you stop the follows? LOL Have any ideas? I mean they are now using pictures of their anatomies for their profile pics.
Not even funny how disgusting the bathroom is
We are loan specialists, highly-skilled in assisting our customers with all of their loan needs. #IndigoMortgage (505) 836-5700
If you bong hit around this time you'll be ok.
I consistently oversteam my vegetables. Curses
It removes the ability for a truly impassioned fanbase to actually give the networks/advertisers what they want.
ok, after finally seeing a replay I understand all the hulabaloo about Smith's slash on Brown. Looks like he was training to be a lumberjack
It's Cinco de Mayo~ hola amigos!
agreed, and if only more libraries were set up to incorporate multiple spaces, or make their spaces more flexible
I'm looking for good LGBTQ titles for the collection. IT GETS BETTER was an obvs choice but I'm always on the lookout.
Great. Now can you get my inflatable Scream in the next sale? Maybe share a catalog with a Monet Waterlilies umbrella?
You presentation was great! Thanks for the book reference.
Some people change. Sometimes that's good. Some people don't. Maybe they should.
Absolutely! 's album release show June 12th at and Geri Allen at June 15th!
Our Mission:To change the way the world looks at health and fitness To open people's minds to experience how their bodies can truly function
hire from my circle best adult alien performers money can buy...will u hire 12inches disease free message me da boss
Rainy day! Busy week here at Betty Lash, book your appointments asap if you'd like to get in at the end of the week! We'd love to see you :)
"Statistically, I should have herpes..." -Rube Sheeber
You can employ men and hire hands to work for you, but you must win their hearts to have them work with you. (Tiorio)
Wats it gone be.
damn....good pick up my dude
Attended Brd mtg of #Channel75, Community Media of Balto. Intro'd concept: #DigitalMediaIncubator. They liked. Good fit. Will explore.
Diet dr pepper
1901-Tolstoy broke w/Russian Orth Church when he sent a letter 2day declaring that prayers offered 2 JC were “the worst type of sacrilege”
Hopefully Michael' s double header will be over before the starts. Love the Derby!!
I never text you anymore? You know phones works both ways right?..
Oh yeah, wife wants jew town polish and jerrets popcorn for lunch. Its great to be back in chicago I love this place.
I'm hitting the links, so you'll have to update me
Great coverage of the #NorwalkBoE debates!
RT: Headed to the 15th #Indians #holyshit Me: Thanks for telling me... turned it on. Tribe got a break with bad bunt by Davis.
do you mean get or GET?
oh me neither, you have no idea lol
We love it. Our fav is Huevo Mutilation, an actual menu item at our cart.
I'd be surprised if The Artist lost best picture.Its got oscar bait written all over it. The critics love it. I'm going to see it this week
At my nephew's show. Let's get it nephew!
finally getting to stream new album.
we miss you a lot!
my eye is like glued shut with like sticky stuff when I woke up ewwww
Is it weird that I like doing signature sheets? Maybe it's just sad. "I IZ A REEL RIGHTER!"
My Dad: "Amir how do I reply to this email?" …. just in case you were wondering my social media obssession isn't genetic
Be safe, have a great time, show some pictures!
Time, patience, and perseverance will accomplish all things.
goodnight hope you have fun tomorrow :)
This dude Trevor is in the nurses office trying to leave with 95 days absent...that'll work out well.
A local town claiming rec director failed to do background checks on summer staffers. Story at 5:30 on
MARKETING QUOTE: Nothing draws a crowd like a crowd. ~ P. T. Barnum
lol playing cube field
Ideal device for nurse is a smartphone, for the physician a tablet.
Hi I'm here to ruin ur life no matter how happy you are with him :D Sincerely the Bitch Keolani
glad to see as a new follower :) miss you!!
RT : In case you missed it tweet: The SR 520 bridge is closed this weekend from Fri at 11pm to Mon at 5am
I am hoping to become a SAG actor one day. I look up to you bc there are few openly gay actors on TV. love you JTF!
3-2 pens lmao "smiling like a butchers dog"
Dear when are you going to fix the Chicago South Loop problems? I haven't been able to receive incoming calls since 3/14.
those are RIDICULOUS!! I love them!
Oh great...my Mom's on Facebook...
yes old one xD buh tambien his gio's ex was fucking talking to yesterday D:
I hate USA healthcare, I am having serious foot problem and I NEVER EVEN GOT TO SEE A DOCTOR AFTER WAITING 12 HOURS. Just an "assistant".
On nation's forgetfulness "museums should become a safe-haven of memory" -Clement Price
I thought my summer would be better at home....
This was coming, but I was in denial :/ RT : Guardiola on his future: "I don't want to manage at the moment."
I hear ya... I'm looking for something chill and inexpensive myself lol
Why? Is Anti-Ryno like ? Don't understand why blind trust in Theo? Guy left BoSox in ruins!!
The world is changing and so should the way we participate in it. If social sites are the new medium for activism, then so be it.
My morning voice continues to remind me Of Barry White and Im cool with it
"AND THAT IS WHY SHE IS NOT THE FOREHEAD HE IS LOOKING FOR."
High cholesterol is one of the major controllable risk factors for coronary heart disease, heart attack, and stroke! Why not take control?
Glad you got it, and that it made you smile! (I still need to remedy my paper situation here. :) How you doing?
Damn i need a job...
I mean, I can definitely see the brag. The humble? Not so much.
What can I say ? I love being happy ! :-)
yo every last comedian was funny as hell
THX for the comments on my Blog. Memes do focus society, and, it also gets bent, like us! Very inciteful words! THX,
#YouKnowItsRealWhen they keep you smiling more then they make you sad
Easter dinner with the family, surprisingly enjoyable :)
yes, #ihungupbecause took my phone and turned it off, but that would have sounded like a cop-out.
I graduated way too long ago to be sneakin' all in your dorm room
Nothing beats a clear Texas sky with bright and shining stars.
Everyone go follow
I was really excited to spendthe rest of the week with the fiance but now shes leaving. Gotta find stuff to do.
Welcome! Looking forward to your tweets and more adorable doggie photos. :)
The great part is that ive know Since kindergarten, and I know ALL his family <3
Ugh. No sleep tonight.
Henry James: "Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. And the third is to be kind."
just like the Heat, not a die hard fan of them, I'm just team Lebron, so of course, I want him to get a ring...
That's outrageous! I've been disgusted by #VictoriasSecret commercials, yet they choose to ban #LaneBryant? That's RIDICULOUS!
Early morning, headed to the Logan County Tobacco Festival.
hey niece, how are you?? blessed.
You Kno I'll Make Yo Ass Sweat It Out<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
good shit. I don't miss mine at all.
Welcome to the Divine Network. Kingdom building at its FINEST!!
4 the person out there feelin unloved: I LOVE YOU AND WILL ALWAYS LOVE YOU! <3
Hi, has an obsession with light bulbs.
CONGRATS to the Alabama #CrimsonTide for winning the #BCS National Championship!
have to say, as much as i miss #seattle I DO NOT MISS THE RAIN!
DS: Perfect. I HATE Ohio State, & we all HATE Pittsburgh. Taking a pot-smoker like Mike Adams is great for my shit-talking to Steelers fans.
So close to everything coming together, exciting times are upon me. Working on the CD is giving me peace like I've never known before.
Quarter midget racing at atl motor speedway
rumor has it it's national doughnut day! m
ESPN flow > >
I can always tell when one of the boys tweeted because my timeline is always filled with spam.
That was my style concert...home before 11 :)
Twenty-two million turkeys are consumed each year at Christmas, compared to 45 million at Thanksgiving. Do you eat turkey on Christmas?
Like over $100!
Good morning to y'all have a good one ^.^
I'm on that 24 coke diet
Did the show move to Wed nights Hopefully u were excited and tweeted a day early! Love the show!
This guy stabbed my finger.
That boy is sexy fine.
Most know the chapter, but have you noticed the directions therein? God tells you where He'll be: The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.
2 Hours left at the office, and providing my soundtrack. Ready to Get Down!
me too! What did you think?
New workout regiment 2 a days!
Gaga I Love You <U+2665><U+2665> and save my life and more , happy birthday 26th
do you like rain?
Our grand opening is 6/21, however we are open now Tues to Sat 11AM to 10PM
Saying, "that's attractive" after witnessing something very unattractive..
#WIFYR. On voice, fantasy doesn't have as distinctive voice as other genres. In fantasy voice is part of setting, in others is is character
cool. keep me pposted
A 3 year old just told me that I have good energy and a little bit bad energy. I guess the bad energy comes out at spanking time.
President could call defunding: "The Tucker Rule"
We are the No. 1 #JoelLanders! :)
Check out ! Free online tool for providers/parents 4 document milestones & memories. Teachers/parents LOVE IT!
Host a GOLD Party in Los Angeles, Burbank, San Fran, Riverside, Beach Cities! Call (800) 774-9134 for details! Ask about our $100 bonus.
I like how you speak Spanish!!:)x
That sounds great!!!
And Davis' ERA is officially lower than Gregg's.
IT'S SO HARD.
I dont mind saying im from the suburbs cuz I am...
Trying to figure out who I should dedicate my 8900 tweet to when I get there..
Catching up with old friends >>
Joe Paterno not the coach at Penn State but Tom Bradley is still there what is wrong with this picture.Bradley has been there for 33 years.
#theyhingschodeysays I heard that one at the urinal today!
Speaking to a great group of Harvard MBAs tomorrow morning.
I really need a hair cut!
I'm so sad. I wish the world would end tonight.
Transcribing Middle English like a BOSS.
true! I got pissed cause 5 raindrops landed on me yesterday walking home from class... Lol.
I don't want to teach a lesson about frugality, just worry boy would become obsessed with his device. Maybe he wouldn't.
Best part of working along side is definitely being the first to check out his new beats!! Ready, Jetset, go.
George Washington University Law School in DC. I'll connect ya
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay -- I endorse [Barack #Obama] [Mitt #Romney] (they're interchangeable)
How does a library book travel back from Antarctica ? Red boxes don't travel that far. Btw, I loaned something to Alaska once
A pastor who had affair shouldnt b marrying ANYBODY RT : I have gay ppl in my church...I love them BUT I won't b marrying them!
well then, I think it's bullshit that and got jerked last year at the NY Shit wasn't right!
Haha you know the saying everything's bigger in Texas I say "everything's better than Texas"
Morning Rockstars! > Your real influence is measured by your treatment of yourself. - A. Bronson Alcott
Got my 8 O'clock coffee. I should be good for a while
Sweet! RT taking out for a birthday at Y-U-M!
Congradulations to to Spalding University Baseball Division I World Series Champs!
#TGIF! Have a great weekend!
France understands that more socialism gives real people a bit of a chance to try and limit the power of unreal people aka corporations.
Registration is now open. Register and donate $10 to receive an #EdcampSS T-shirt. www.edcampss.org
Fav's tonight! Adele and Glen Campbell!
that was our intraleague bout -- kind of a preview of the new season. Our ACTUAL season opener is March 17. Save the date! :)
Damn we have go the locker room and talk to Kobe. [Gasol & Bynum voice]
it'd be pretty cool for you to put an online exhibition together via the arty followers you gather :D
awesome, you?
"1st thing 2 do every morning is read or listen 2 something positive. ur mind is like a garden, whatever you plant grows. Plant good stuff."
Hi Madeline - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Best of luck with your new web adventure!
Tonight Come out to see and I go up at 7:30. Get on my free guest list.
Is it too soon to make birthday celebration invites?
I really loved that movie!
Chaos Reigns RT : Happy birthday to filmmaker Lars Von Trier!
Not sure I like that as a 1st round opponent for Red Wings. They played great tonight, goalie concerns remain. Conklin? Nope
- If they tell me STILL that I have to mind what she tells me to do, I'm gone on the spot.
How are you dear?
every girl needs a boy best friend .
That's what I mean! Kayla finished it cassie finished it I was the only one who procrastinated, go figure!
is thick you are NOT haha its ok lil baby !
if I can get you the mt job on 2nd do you want it?
I've been ratatouille'd, pie'd, and Yo Gabba Gabba'd. Something good before having a camera down my esophagus tomorrow.
Happy Birthday to and !!!
there needs to be a Soul Train line video featuring Reflection Elternal's "2000 Seasons" (1997)
i cant wait to go home today!!!!
Attending #ALA in #NewOrleans? Stop by , booth #2416, and register to win a Nook.
Not only does he ride a motorcycle, but he drives an el camino.
yes it is!
check out my new novel Vanilla's Ladies with the sexy on the front cover. free preview on my blog x
is in the house!
Everytime i walk by you in the hall all i smell is shit and pot
I love your TV show! You are so talented!
Tags:Awards, Partner program, VAR program
We have a great idea for and his timely new OneSheet. The Bright White should be the model for how a band can benefit by this site.
Phones about to die
Just caught this old fuckin dude taking a picture of my behind, good thing Momma was next to me to bitch him out.
Wishing I could track down kenya_m from Flikr
damn da last time my parents had all their children together ws me nd twin's graduation 2010 :/
Scott Rolfe Art on Facebook.....check it out!
RT : Bill Gates has given away approximately $28 billion since 2007 and has saved approximately 6 million lives.<that's real!
awww man.my computers going to die :( and I still have almost a whole hour of social psychology to sit through haha
if ya'll wanted to know, i'm brushin' my teeth right now, you're welcome .(:
It’s like years ago, when nothing was certain / Or is something certain today?…
!!! “: Yo i know ya see my boy KG busting ass #GangGreen”
thinks I just heard Bob Uecker say Prince just hit a home run.
Proms tonight!
The only thing that could make this Christmas Concert dress rehearsal any better: Free Booze
I hope you don't, I'd be crushed that we never got to hang out & over the lose of ur pretty face, & my TL would be dry af ;)
I'll have to do it tomorow !
ur like my executive secretary. DM me the link i need thos studio pro joints
THANK YOU I thought I was the only one telling people this!!
Good thing I'm gettin' outta town this weekend... ;-)
you would think w/ALL of the money you have you could at least buy more trendy shirts???
: Enjoyed celebrating the LOVELY Winter Issue and the opening of Casa Spazio tonight! Jessica + I will fill u in!
I had no idea Robert Louis Stevenson wrote The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde during a 6day coke binge. via 's new book
Oh, kelsey's in love :) Oops, i mean infatuated. lol
Of all the rights of women, the greatest is to be a mother ~ Lin Yutang
Does anyone want to take a trip to the Denver hospital with me tomorrow night?
I seriously hate when people ask me "So what do you DO in the offseason?!" I know they just don't understand- but CMON.
There I go again. Creating a mature, socially responsible social media message for all involved.
Hm Let me plugg my controller in . . .
I can fuck with the Simpsons
Remarkable is a choice ~ Seth Godin
at Loyola Academy talking to private school students about Tabula Rasa. These kids and our kids have more in common than they think.
Cubs-Brewers at 7. Shuttle to Game w/ Drink Purchase. Rock Out w/ Pete and the Hot Mess after the game?Who's coming...
I like lady boobs. What lies below the belt, meh. Boob love transcends sex.
Today 1985: Herb Kohl purchases the Milwaukee Bucks ensuring the franchise would stay in Milwaukee.
Happy Thanksgiving!! (:
I used to catch a lot of bass on the lure. Forgot I still had some.
I interviewed Philip Rivers a short time ago about unprecedented Saints Bounty punishments.Laz will play some of that conversation at 6pm
I would say that Prom last night was success... although, I was a bit surprised about the amount of haters out there.
Thanks I entered!
That's the crazy writer in you. I honestly didn't notice until you pointed it out. :)
I miss my hot tub
trying to watch the Oscars and the all star game at the same time. not easy.
'#Wife is the problem with my #Golf game...' George was not having a good day on the golf course... read-on @ Http://ICUGolfStories.com
are you wearing a dress or long sweater?
Check Wesley Morris on Grantland
Seven just lost half it's members...
There are three rules for #writing. Unfortunately, no one can agree what they are.
A ? The blonde responded: Paris?So the crowd began chanting again: Give her another chance, give her another chance
What a beautiful day in #Indy!
Happy New Year! Great time at the Insight Bowl in Tempe, took the Light Rail there and back, no traffic or parking issues and easy to use.
he needs to shave that shit and be reborn after today
Thank you!
Don't be fooled, I bet VA has a law against it too. Mrs. Rowj might want to look into for days when she has a "headache."
You would think we were infested by raccoons from the cupboard security precautions in this house.. #dogs&cats
Embrace the only TRUE lasting change....a life with Jesus Christ as your personal Lord and Savior.
Damn too perfect lol
i know thats why I rememberd it lmfao . I seen it outside my window and I was like :o lol
Found an iPhone 4 in the design room downstairs at #warmgun #warmgundesign Contact him if you know the unlock code.
Rain boots! A necessary part of every girl's Spring wardrobe. Just make sure they're super cute and easy to dance in the rain with :)
Just a little FASHION reminder! If it has one thread of "BABY BLUE" in it, CHANGE NOW!!!!
:( that's me": People who sleep with multiple pillows are often depressed, stressed & or lonely."
I wanna know if love is wild, girl I want to know if love is real.
I have a queen size bed. Do you want it?
Tweeter wasn't around when I was studying Journalism, but are opening my eyes to "New" journalism
i sent it to u lol
Awesome! What inspired you and what have you learned from the process? /cc
If only I had a dime for each time I've been clobbered by an antelope! I hate when that happens, don't you?
Trying too hard doesn't look good on me
Headed to watch the STL Cards with our great alumni, including !
haha nick your to funny!! Hope you doing good man!
sorry, i got jailed xD lol, yes i'm a CLover too^^ (its another CL lover lol)
I'm really starting 2 h8 all April Fool's Day pranks. They are practically all killing me!!!
Go Maria!
So #RADIATIONFREE ! and stylish too!
.cuz you cant talk when you're listening“: Why is listening so important? #LadiesWeWantAnswers”
Johnny taking 20yrs to drive to my street like we live in a different neighborhood
good luck heidi! that would be an awesome internship!
Free show tonight at pachinko parlor 9th and broadway okc , ok
I'm good :) and followed :D
I dont talk much but I always have a smile on my face!!!
MIKEY! and ok:)
Was going to go out but now don't feel like doing nothing
Organized crime in America takes in over forty billion dollars a year and spends very little on office supplies
for president
John Heywood: “Would ye both eat your cake and have your cake?This is commonly misquotes as You can't have you're cake and eat it, too.”
GayJesus sound effect sound of the second: water dipping from sink followed by a "hhhmmm"...to no one
Haha I could agree with you more. I gained atleast 10 pounds this weekend
looking good in those shorts
We'd love to help you find the perfect new pair!
Lol its only five!
Amazon KDP free promo will be announced when Amazon corrects their mistake.Thank you to my follows for your support.RT! "AMERICAN AMARANTH"
glad I could make you ladies night. Packer fans are the absolute best. Thx
Simultaneously reading A Song of Fire and Ice and The Hunger Games series is doing wonders for my social life.
happy birthday, !!
Thank you so much! Keep spreadin the word and rock on!!!
RT : Jerry Donahoe "Even if I don't know anyone, the programming is so great, I love to come," to Penn Alumni Weekend!
tomorrow i am going to apologize to everyone, because i don't want to end the year like this .
needs to hurry up & get her little ass over here!
It's cool how America is like a huge clusterfuck of mixed folk...
Oh no! RT : we are phasing the pearlescent color pack out of Walmart...better hurry!
“: Do you relive those glory days so long ago” LOL this ones better I'm going to favorite them to keep these tweets forever
...-Facepalm- You make it sound like the sooner I leave the better.
"Inside the Design" on right now! This is like Objectified in mini series. Love it!
“: Weigh in if you think deserves a raise. I do. #okstate” Yes, sir!!!!
Silver : Electoral predictions aren't always on target, but they are more reliable than economic predictions, which are often off-base
Over 400 arrests & citations at #mifflin2012 today. That's nearly 10% of the estimated 5000 in attendance. And at what cost? Event
Being honest and being biased are things that can't be done at the same time
If only.
We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love.
Boone Logan coming into the game for the
first day of summeeerrrr
We hope to join you guys real soon!
Hi ya! It's Monday! What was the highlight of your weekend?
Goodbye NY <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I sure know I'm not perfect, but I am who I am and that's real.
Chi's p.o.v. depends on some form of content interoperability.... more than one way to move there. Oh, he's starting to address this.
Never thought I would create a formula within a spreadsheet to automatically get averages for Mario Kart pts. Maximum nerdiness: ACHIEVED.
Time to wake up! 7 am and filling orders!!!
Alright let's go Green Bay!!
thanks for the #ff G! Glad you made it out
Just for once I want a boring day where nothing happens.
I love when there's actually an episode of #storageWars on that I haven't seen.
Yes Actually! In March I'll be there for about 11 days. I will announce details once it's all finalized.
"It's easier than taking a driver's test. But I don't know how many people think twice about it." Maurice Sendak on having kids
I'm pretty sure you were the one rec. it to me.The only showbiz lawyer I follow is Jerry Gallo--not Jerry Callo!
Da Fuq did I just watch???
thanks CN. Its wacky right
What goes trough your mind...
oh im at steele!
: Strength doesn't come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. Gandhi
Am I in bonkers town here?
me or the whole band?
very welcome:) :D
bros stupid ass shit makes me mad af and sad too!
playing ball
Work b funny as fuck think its bout time I shoot dem nukes
I really miss you too! I cant wait to see you!:)
Time to do some unpacking
WAS JO REALLY COMPARED TO LIAM FROM 1D WHAT
Thinking of starting a Belizean Cuisine Blog...
Once you're nice to the weird kid.. BOOM stalked for life.
That song "call me maybe" is pretty damn catchy
Jordan continues citing actions by "prior administration." The district & the interim super distancing themselves from past superintendent
We Buy Ugly Houses Releases Key Points on Selling As Is Homes Homeowners try to move their home in its current condition. This can lead t
Do you have relatives with disabilities? Accommodating their needs at the #familyreunion will go a long way!
Not feeling to great :( hope I'm not getting sick
Congrats! RT : Lightning Source UK ranks as the 5th largest company in the UK Digital Printing Industry out of 183!
Do ya like Scratching? Cuttin it up Scottsdale AZ free mixtape
oh my gawd, i'd make that bitch pay or no sex!! Lolol jk :-)
good luck with your bag. lost mine Jan.2. Then lost my claim and I had to start all over again last week.
So much snow!
Thanks for the shout outs
iAmarillaBonito your not fat
My 1st ever TV broadcast was as a sports announcer for an Oceanside High playoff game. On the field that night, Junior Seau. He was great.
cola, root beer, ginger ale, sleeping
I hate youu!!
BIG showing love make sure you check out the capital city cowboys sat vs the virginia storm 7pm benson NC C#40 CWO
Its been building for some time now.I was there when there was record amount of rain fall one year.Was working 4 contractor
way to bring it back yesterday...loved the repeat button...
Yes but I'm out tomorrow and didn't want to forget. I don't think they will mind if we remember them a day early!
is a judge on ! Mixed emotions...excited to see her on TV every week, but now it'll be so hard to meet her :-(
My audition went great! I made all of them laugh:) Now having lunch at The Grill
glad you LOVE it!! Thanks again!
Good morning people, time to make it happen.
always tells me I have ADD E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z
Finally out of school !
RT “: We look forward to seeing your beautiful designs in store windows :)”. Thanks, That's our goal too
Believe strongly in and defend your convictions.* Always. * If they're right.
well I'm more south central KY, but close enough to know he is def my all time #1! Love that boy to pieces!
Tony Gwynn looks at a grooved fastball, then swings at 2 breaking balls in the dirt to end the game. Not what you call a great at bat.
CNN confims that Dick Clark has passed away at the age of 82
I'm SO the blondest brunette person you will EVER meet.
#ThingsThatEveryoneWants to be successful in life<3
Join us tonight to Network 4 a Cause! Cocktails & a live auction all in support of MCNY Buy your tkts at http//www.mcny.edu/donation
Haha! Yup! I'm starting school almost, so I won't be on Twitter that much!:p
I'm scared you'll forget about me.
(; You shouldn't be on twitter!
Thank you Colleen! :)
i honestly believe its my fault . -.-
Yoo yoooo!! With the grandparents having a good time, old school!! Yoooooo hahaaaaaa
We wish you a Happy Holiday Weekend!
Getting better sometimes means losing something to provide an open door to others who want an opportunity
Happy holidays; Merry Christmas Tweeps!
Review is almost ready; will post on my blog, community pages of and will send you and Marco a copy.
Rihanna on SNL >>>
Extremely windy today!
sounds like a delicious good time eh?
last time leaving florence till it is time to go home. I will miss our weekend adventures #cinqueterre here we come!
That's cute!
we dominated New England this weekend!
joy, you are such a toxic critic. Prob just jealous of the high levels of achievement in arts and ideas.
All hands on deck! We need volunteers who are ready to get their hands dirty! Join us at Girard St. Garden workday on March 31st at 10am!
Follow Eminem, and senior golfer
Tip #64: The only dumb question is the one that is not asked. Go into the forums and ask questions. Be humble and receptive.
#TrayvonMartin's mom expected to speak at Miami-Dade County commission. Follow me for updates
ilyyyy! Sleepover when I get back:* muah!
it was god!
and myself pointing out that they are Media whores (was the intention of that message) has nothing to do with me.
Steve Orque and Jennifer Ray played into the wee hours! Long, but fun night at #PTs Winterwood!
In the paypal and online banking age, you'd think businesses that don't want to use credit cards could at least move beyond personal checks!
Knowledge is agreed.
thanks so much!
At one point in your life you either have the thing you want or the reasons why you don't -Andy Roddick
did we have anyone out recently for you?
City Council approves city manager's recommendation of creating task force to study human rights commission, reduces time to 10 months
Thank you!! It definitely is! We we are constantly growing and expanding! Please spread the word!
Perfect ending to a great game
OK professional question up in here: Handwritten labels when sending out books--cute or sloppy? (does anyone in the media even follow me?)
Hi, I see that you are a networker. Would it be ok if I send you free marketing tools you can use to grow your business?
Its hard to pretend you love someone when you don't but its harder to pretend that you don't love someone when you do.
#opendata will ultimately proved to be the foundation that transforms governments into efficient delivery systems.
<===that I am scared of being alone...#timetoletgo!
Thanks for the follow You are my 500th. :-) Love those milestone numbers.
Watch your thoughts, they become your words. Watch your words, they become your actions. Watch your actions, they become your destiny!
Will every single Ohio State be televised in prime time?
Upgraded the mausoleum by reaching level 3 in the Mausoleum Clerk part-time job in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
He was really rude! The cab pulled over for me (I was closer) and he still tried to take it. Typical entitled DC asshole.
I feel like partying hardcore
Did You Know!: Rare Earth Metals - the new oil
Had a wonderful chair massage from Richelle!
Students!!!! Keep your eye out for us tomorrow on campus, we will be hurlin' some free "shwag" in the early afternoon near Las Lomas!
Its one of my fav. shows!
yes and its very tight its Unbreakable on MJ Invincible cd! Another great BIG song with Mike.
.'s opener on ACL, 'art of almost' is one for the ages. they just keep getting better. did i mention is god?
I've had my #RallyHat on since the fifth inning of the #Dbacks game, and all I'm getting out of it is rally hat-head.
Kickin back puffin a cigar like a g thinkin back on my past and how much has changed.
me fucking too
V for Victory Day!
Todays weather is calling for caldo de puerco. I'm going to serve up big bowls of caldo tonight
lol look at PT all jeal. Good win boys! Proud of my o's
#quotes The men who have succeeded are men who have chosen one line and stuck to it.
Look. You can agree with me or you can be wrong.
thanks for the follow! We are all HUGE fans
Ashlyn and her friends are now exercising with Alison... too funny
“ Prom need To hurry up”
why am i so tired?
And follow the !
stop tweeting about me, im blushing
4 day span and only 8 hours of sleep. things don't look as sharp as they did a few days ago.
Now these refs kno their bosses are watchin! If #Kentucky comes out with an L, they should never ref again EVER!!
How much do polar bears weight? Enough to break the ice
2. Just wanna be with you
So much rain in Miami. Can't wait to cover up:)
RT : Refs must blow whistle every 30 seconds or they are forced to participate in the Hunger Games
Come to the study abroad fair tomorrow at the union green and you can enter to win $250, $500, or $1,000 airfare vouchers!
4 more followers until I hit 200
LOL . . . occupy wall streeters crack me up
we will be doing more soon!!!
Bitches that wanna get embarrassed in front of their friends 2nite put their twitter on private
Sarah Palin cohosting Tuesday? No thanks. I'm switching over to GMA to watch Katie Couric, a true host.
When #Occupy + #Tea Party lays down their #culture war arms, and joins forces for a March on Washington, I WILL BE THERE.
I just wanted one more sausage biscuit before I cut out fast food after the New Year and McD's messed it up. Gr.
What does romney have that isso impressive? Make up? Arrogant weak fake smile? Lines of BS=how smart he is? Magic tablets? Idiot media help?
hahahh truthfully what was your most recent awkward moment?
Raining this a.m. but 100 volunteers are focused on a different kind of water: The White River.I'll show you the clean up at 9 on !
already done :)
what were you discussing? :)RT : Woah - you sound really interesting. Was talking about social travel...
Hey I caant wait for u new album!!I'm sure I'm gan love it.and u r the best life mado and u know it.and I know all of u song!!
Just finished up some more extra credit, now I think I will start chapter 11.
“: -- I picked the freakin' huskies to win the game 38-28. Go back and check”--you called it. 10 pt win...
good stuff!
Would rather have those two first
A.D.H.D -Kendrik Lamar ...my fav chill song make me high off life. G night #TeamCorahn <3
Where the F was the blitz today?
Just hit a wall
Everything results in someone leaving
yep! is there an easy way to pull this into reports?
went for a run when i got home today since I skipped gym. yeah.
Come on Manning you know you want to sign with Denver!!
I voted for B magic... It was close but I think he edged it. Please don't sleep on roc.
ANSWERE THEY FOUND THAT BITCH NOT GUILTY BUT GUILTY ON 4 COUNTS OF MAKING FALSE STATEMENTS TO THE POLICE WHICH CARRIE 4 YEARS
Man, sure love 5-Hour Energy's "sweaty tube sock" flavor.
Fish and chips are damned good and the bangers were... banging so nice to have real brit food in dc!
I can't believe Adele didn't win anything at the People's Choice Awards! The people have bad taste in music. :-(
Okay, back to #SportingKC tweets! Anyone got predictions for tomorrow?
Tell me i'm the shit, i'm like duh,
i think im movin at the end oif summer i dont wanna get my equipment n move then just give it back ...
LA traffic is in rare form today. If you have a choice stay off the freeways.
That's a great idea. Then those of us with later flights can easily meet you if you're already out:-)
what genre for the beat
Thankful to be beating rush hour traffic into NY
yeah, cute li'l owl was only sheltering from the March snow. Twas the humans who stuck it w/ "bad omen" label.
I bought my ex a chair but the state won't let me plug it in........
Got good news at work! :)
It's almost 2:00 am & my stomach hurts & my back hurts & I can't sleep. This sucks. First: make oatmeal for tummy. Then stretch out the back
Thanks for the follow :)
yes! when is that on!?
I feel like I should just skype you from the #clipshow so you can be there live to witness excellence
Hard work makes things happen anything is possible with hard work.
More than a dozen uniformed #NYPD at the 125th St. station in Harlem. Anyone know what's goin on?
Arcane Framework will be joining us at the Asylum on Oct. 22. You won't want to miss these guys!
Looking forward to meeting John McDonough Pres of the Blackhawks tonight. Heard a lot of great things about him and his sucess.
It's not awesome to dis cool, nor is it cool to awe at dis. I hope you're cool with that? You are? Awesome. We're cool.
so is it the thickness that's got you forgiving me?
thanks for bein fair oskins. at least someone is!
GL: created as orgnzng tool. Project of Asian America prod'd collective ID. no single phenotype. unity that did not require uniformity
Ig designing turned me into #Insomniac,oh well ig i'll draw until I can't draw anymore.....or until I can finally sleep
Let's see, this should be an interesting nite!
Naples Boat Parade tonight! Who's going? is in it riding (our sponsor)! Come see if our floating banner sinks!
Bill Gates: "it's crazy how little we're funding energy innovation"
lol yea exactly what i wanted u to do ol hot dog neck ass
Use aim to contact me, My AIM is " " . I'll give you a special discounted print rate.
Love #DBC2012 blog awards lacquer chair inspired by Nikki Minaj video. Can't wait to see it!
All-Star Game for HFA is a bad idea, but overall record not good idea either. Different schedules; not comparing apples/apples
it's a great night at Milan! Lots of Little Black Dresses in the house.... we're here all night so come on out and see us!
she's a crazy lady she told my dad to hit me -_- I was like really mom youre telling a father who hasnt been around for 10 years..
thanks beautiful
Just tried to call in to win tickets on and was caller 2, 3, 8, 13, and 18.. That's a first..
they hologrammed him into coachella. He performed and interacted with the crowd. Heard it was amazing.
Practice was super fun. The kids are all so excited and shy and inexperienced. Really cute. Forgot how much I love coaching.
Oh Sweet Abby Hi
Taking off acrylic nails < <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
What the shit? MT : It shows protesters, then it fries an egg over them? And says Tom Barrett will take your guns!
I hope you boys like your present:)
Oh yes, I have been there. :-)
Go 2 radio school .com click Arlington location and yours truly will b on the air from 5-6 y'all support ya boy
Oh Shelly, all that caretaking Ive been doing, its over, I will now have to find a life outside of hospice care
Back in the Land
it s a marvin sapp song
We could never rival Philly's goodness but we're happy to remind you of home.
You might be a redneck if : the Halloween pumpkin on you porch has more teeth than your spouse .
No doubt... that's the power of entrepreneurs.
Yeah…probably not a "for twitter" conversation. It's nothing earth-shattering, I promise. Personal reasons, sorry.
Were higher than a motherf*ckerr (;
On 9/1, will be giving a wine tour of Spain right here in your backyard! Come to Parish for a sampling of Spanish vino for $25!
RT : Change your life by retraining your mental muscles. think of the best thing that could happen and ASSUME that it will.
So happy for 's Oscar win!! She was the highlight of the film for me!
I hate texting people first, I feel annoying, awkward, and unwanted.
Around the world people use Facebook to protest their gov't
finding people you didn't know had a twitter
HAPPY MONDAY WARRIORS!!!
OMG I cant believe I just saw in person !!!!!!!!! Ur friend is really nice ! Hope u remember me I had a black and white headban
I was sure they were going to lose, but i guess I was wrong. AMAZING performances
who me?
i hope they do its the only device i dont have.
Whalers with Black and White Years tonight at Bar 96 (across from Lustre Pearl on Rainey Street). Whalers at 9, Black+White Years at 10:30
Come on, there's gotta be someone else in the Twitterverse who also thinks Dr Pepper is gross!!!
is listening to the jonas brothers!!!!
check out LiveCirrus. Mobile+cloud=cool :) we were in too
working right now.. Text me
Night Twitter :)
This autopsy in anatomy seriously is the coolest thing I have ever watched >>>>>
dittoRT : It's been fun riding with you on#TourDeThursdays. Thanks for all you do for #Indy and
General Motors is expected to raise more than $18 billion in an initial public offering this week
LOL Meta World Peace with the clothesline!
Roy Waley up now. arguing for affordability and its positive impact on sprawl
lol it probably is juice with his faking self
Which upsets do you like? I'm taking Bejo, Pina, Potter in Makeup, Drive, Hugo in Vis FX. Wouldn't be shocked to see M Williams.
The problem WITH us MEN is WE don't THINK when WE do SHIT! But a FEMALE PLAN there SHIT weeks HEAD n ALREADY call THERE friend UP 4 back UP!
Need 1 Members stand ticket for May 5. Anyone?? Bueller??
Yikes - customer service is still the most important form of marketing
It will be on 's youtube channel!! lol me, or Kristel is making the video! -Kristel
History makes us some amends for the shortness of life.
#Pacers or #Heat?
I've been looking for someone like you
« Can we stop calling Romney a flip-flopper, cut right to the chase, and just call him the liar that he is? I mean, really?...»
Sunday Sept. 26th, 2010, I was in South Miami Dade County attending the antique auto show at the beautiful and historic Cauley Square.
>MLM Update! younique( New Company Listing )
wait what dhjdhdk
Ha! Love you Newberg!
We may never know what's waiting for us beyond that bridge if we don't cross it at all.
Last #Friday #real #estate #word unscramble topography- 2day's WORD:oehm tencsroip HINT: evaluate. "life is sum of all ur choices" fav quote
don't be tardy is my new addiction. You keep me guessing girl 'what's kim gonna do next' lol
This is America, Its spelled THEATER, not THEATRE. There is a reason you're spell check underlines it in red, BECAUSE ITS NOT CORRECT!
I need to find out where King Kenny & the owners are meeting so I can stand outside asking them to keep KK
First day of my Senior year today. Yikes!! I'm really excited yet nervous. Hahaha wooot!
aren't you so proud of him!?(,: is getting so big and his dreams are coming true<3
Thanks for the love Icepack! Call on us whenever you need a little help too.
Working can be a challenge when one cat is meowing/hitting me in the back of the head and the other is laying on my laptop.
nigga it don't
Aww, that's great!
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
oh he's cool. RT : I like how when harvey eats gold fish he playes wit the fichys first then eats them XD
The interview with CG is downright depressing. I expected more articulate responses, especially when addressing ... (1/2)
- Wow those pizza prints are the worst idea since razorblades on a fan
you lost this argument and will lose the fight :)
Thank you for the RT
life can be only what you make it ...
Happy holidays. See you today!
my cousins boyfriend is so nice o.o
an he missed a dunk.
Who is druner than me right now?
Thanks for the win
I wish I knew why I even said hello to you...
Oh you betcha
Some text or tweet me im so dang bored
neither did I JC, neither did I. ;-) It's Tuesday, have a great one!!
Wish i was going out to celebrate!! But happy birthday to anyways!! you better be alive to drink with me tomaro!!
that's how I am, but now I wanna go back and it's hard >.<
too close.
Only in dc would the state of the union be playing in a dive bar.
Dropping a new video tonight #followme for updates!!
and im grannysitting this week... making sure my babygirl is ok... we had ham for lunch.. now she's sleeping lol
Feeling wonderful. Just dandy. Peachy.
I can buy mine Friday and idk. said eventbrite but I don't see where on the website
#IAlwaysWonderIf I left something behind when I travel
I'm surrounded by horrible people I hate
#042712 mikey fusco or jason smith!!
Good luck to in the NLL Playoffs this weekend!
wanna see who your real friends are ? fuck up & see who's still around .
because I was on time with my payments this week
Thank you to Mark Teixeira for giving a shout-out today! We are happy to be a part of his charitable cause! =)
Ok, everyone. Which part of the letters PTO mean WFH? They're 3 different letters. Bo.
First Tweet:)
no I'm off this whole weekend
my timeline is never safe with Malik's ole creepin ass... hahahaha
At the Occupy the Courts protest looking for guest speakers for when my students debate #citizensunited and corporate personhood
did ok but had good birding students to tell me when I was full of it. Next time if you're around? May 26. I am the eye.
Bullpen should be able to hold a 4 run lead even in Coors Field.
I want to give a shoutout to my two new followers and thankz
I love hearing speak her mind without the cue cards <U+2665> the Fox interviews are perfection!
only the ratchets, girl...only the ratchets.
Thx for the follow. It will be interesting to see how good the Huskers are this year, young and in a new league. Hoping 4 the best
No crap. Hell, I showed up to the regional Emmys when I knew I was LOSING! These stars are lazy.
You don't want to know.
Every time I explore another corner of the globe, I'm reminded not to sweat the small stuff. The little things don't matter much.
Are you guys doing the Juggernaut Index this season? If not I'm stealing that ish for the shit haha
At least one of my teams knows how to win #packers #cubs, maybe I should become a # brewers fan
oh, I'm sorry... you gave me a choice of 20 to respond to :)
Staring out my window watching the hail come down. Sigh.
what should i vote for ? :D
Today Is My Birthday Plz follow me and my 2 friends & and I will give u a follow back :)
I hate when that happens!
Downloaded a free copy of the #LegendofKorra pilot off of iTunes. Can't wait for the rest of the season.
As I was walkin' by saw you standing there with a smile.
I guess if you follow a hundred of writers...i guess pretty high?
i got it from downstairs!
oh I'm sorry to hear that :(, I pray for you and your family
man I've seen some fat people but Jenna takes the cake...literally
Would like to have show like REstaurant Impossible where he turns around crummy bakeries - we have one in town
how close to the bucket is your dog now?
"Can’t have a better training or medical staff than we have. It’s a huge comp adv for us. Those guys proved again how good they were.”
The feeling is buy mutual!
tweet submit process?
Proud of our leader - Esther representing the public humanities at the Modern Language Association Convention in in Seattle, WA, Jan. 5.
Only has dreams about people texting her pictures of food
katelynnnnn it won't let me follow you :// follow me!!
Woohoo!!! What a game!!!
truly exhausted.
Today is a beautiful day in NEW YORK ^.^ everybody should be out today , God bless && be safe <3.
Bucks tomorrow! Think you'll pull out a win, Jennings? I don't think so boyfriend, get out of town! Hehehe
-_- My Computer Is So Fukkin Fast When EveryBody OFF Twitter
have a good trip! you'll have so much fun! MAKE SURE YOU TAKE PICTURES!! #imissyou <3
I already did! Lol!
is it bad to make pancakes at 2 in the am? um with nutella on top?
I didn't even know Chris Crocker was trying to be a singer, and I was fine with that. Thanks again, Internet.
Nurture your mind with great thoughts, for you will never go any higher than you think. Benjamin Disraeli
styles for less.;D
One wrong on my central Asia midterm. Still an A but weighted as a 95, darn it. Stupid Tajik civil war in '92 not '94
when are you gonna step back in and beat some ass like in the old days
Beautiful day in Portland!!
#Breaking: Four Corners Elementary & Houck Middle School in Salem are locked down. Police searching for man who fled from traffic stop.
Im so proud of you!
And I really can't properly express in words what a gorgeous night it is. Upper 60s, cloudless sky as dusk falls. Inspiring stuff.
im not being sarcastic :)
On this date 21 years ago Manhattan Transfer wins a grammy for "Birdland". Congrats!
Plz i dont wanna talk to u.....Stop seeking attention.....freak
semi jealous
Daily commuters on #metra fuss w/ folding & reading newspapers. Layout columns are extinct, eye tracker test would prove this!
He plays for the wrong team (;
...life-threatening injury.
This big text in Biology is hard to carry; it is so heavy. But it is adequately detailed. It is making me want to learn Organic Chemistry!
one downloaded yrs ago from Kresley Cole's website. I put in total words & a date & it gives me daily goals
south asian fiction spans three continents, hi roller world of teches in Southern California,juxtopose raw and blind emotion of landlords
#ThingsIWantTheMost to be with him, or to have a life.
glad to see you are getting your nantucket nectar fix for the week.
EXACTLY! “: hey you can NEVER go wrong with bacon. EVER.”
45k morons RT : follow me people
I just really like you...that's all...I really wish you would understand that..
it feels like i am being demoted...i need to quit asap
Everyone in Wiscy was hoping Brewster would interview Bielema. Ask him about his decision to go for two.
Why am I losing followers. I should be gaining them, after all it is #FF!
Don't let the referee beat you! #come on Wales !
I am hungry for chick fil a... Ordering 5 chicken sandwiches
I love college football.
Thx for joining us in 1 of our most beloved Xmas traditions! RT: WE-OR employees joyfully sorting 2000 gifts
Calling #musicians ! We want YOU. Please retweet & reply with contact info.
At the State of the Net conference today... online piracy and privacy the first topics this morning.
Happy New Year's! What did everyone resolve to do?
I'm a little behind on "National Hug an Anchor Day"! Sending Big HUGS to
Getting out all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
boom box just arrived Looks pretty rad dudes!If u r coming 2 the next #smbsd don't forget 2 bring a bus.card.we r raffling it off
#Celtics with the fast and furious start....only to have Philly come back. BOS up by 2, less than 5 min. left in the 1st.
Way to get it done and ! Can't wait to get these group runs started with all #DNation runners in #milwaukee !
Dressed for snowmaggedon. Not 70 and beautiful. Pays to check weather before hopping on a plane.
I 'staWow seriously just got grounded from seeing a girl untill I 'straighten up'
Rofl...Mommie Dearest is on tv on Mother's Day.
Millar is/was likable. Lackey has been a universal dickhead. It matters.
Me!!!!!! Have any Milkduds handy?
this is perfect weather for yeti-s!!!!
Kay (: thanks !
When others let up ~ that's when you need to pour it on. Go Do.
seriously guys I can't stress how funny this show is... its on NBC!
don't come back this way without tellin me! *rolls eyes*
I LOVE that place! So jealous!!
Getting ready to watch the Grammys...
Q: On April 25, #Occupy will be protesting that student debt will supersede credit cards. Will #Galtung and other retired profs come teach?
Twitter has "lists", G+ has "circles", Pinterest has "boards"... get where they're going with this? Get organized on #SM!
yeah! I dont remember half of them! And some texts i sent are crazy! Hhaha the dentist assistant took pics of me with my phone!!!!
Heard #SXSW was fun for political geeks - & spoke, + many PdF'ers! Any good pics to share from the wknd?
It's #raining in LA! What is happening to the world!?
Thank you Ariana! I love you you're so nice! (:
see Eric Lott's _Love and Theft: Blackface Minstrelsy and the American Working Class_. Excellent, thorough research.
not much kid... Chillin
"To infinity and beyond!"
Her twitter is :) RT : what's her twitter!?! Haha I love her!!
Life without music is food without flavor
I was joking, of course.
You are what I see ... and yu are what U be ... I don't judge ..
oh wait! Ur talking about that Allen guy? Thought u were talking about Taylor Hicks
Thanks for the follow, Mesa is getting Hot!
Slept the whole day and I still don't feel well <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
My friend is reading CJ right now and keeps laughing. :-)
At ORD. Cold cold cold
ok good :)
Sushi, box seats at The Predators game and writing with Bobby Hamerick and James Slater. Not bad for a Thursday night.
..."we need more people who live as if they are in covenant with Unconditional Love, which is our best definition of God." Robin R. Meyers
. - so thrilled to be in this first scholarship group, can't wait to meet everyone, winners and ONA folks, in the fall!
yo momma know you got a black baby daddy?!?! lmao.
Yes, plumbing is a challenge; leaks are the worst...very frustrating.
R.I.P Amy Winehouse..
On my way to at L'Espalier!
Lucky man...drive safely and get some sunshine for me!
was wondering do you see my posts at all or do you have to follow me?
People nowadays take pictures, not for memories, but to post them on Facebook and get likes.
so what kinda fish u got there a bass?
#3WordsOfAdvice Expect the unexpected.
oh why do you not catch that???? lucky for us!!
Relevant to my class today. RT : When we don’t deal with things, they end up dealing with us.
Rainy day in LA
#RHOA #Marlo just hit below the belt with the comment....
Finalized my deal on my bike today. Have to wait two weeks for the title
Did u go on #taglit #birthright? Interested in a birthright 2.0 experience? Check out the www.shalomdc.org/alumnimission - Apply now!
In a perfect world, all of those things will happen today.
Never too old to get that ass beat
Kindle vs. iBooks? I'm choosing Amazon's software product over Apple's because THE APPLE VERSION IS NOT AVAILABLE FOR THE MAC.
is amazed at how little arm twisting it took to get my sister to come to Brazil with me...
I can always count on to always b up with me
Busy, busy, busy! So happy to have back in the office :D
absolutely! You should come to the / library boing boing meetup!
Indeed, that's equivalent to the 308 I let go
EVERYONE FOLLOW
nice weekend in Indy today?
would YOU give me a dollar for somethin?
Thanks for the follow, Cameron! I'd love to connect you with - focusing on grassroots entrepreneurship.
Today is a great day. Picked up my goodies for #EDCNY , waked an baked a beautiful L with my boys. <U+2600>
"BeadforLife is blessed with people who bring a smile to the face of the vulnerable, hope to a struggling mother and ease suffering."
Just got some WAY SUPER AWESOME news regarding a sculpture I'm including in my school project!!!
what restaurant was it that you wanted to order from?
Thanks. Just what I needed to know! Will be ordering a set soon...
Word - if you child says this is what he/she wants to study in school... Cryptozoology (n). The study of hidden animals.
yours is rite around the way to
“: wow no more Sarkozy. what are he and Carla gonna do?!” whoa what!
Just finished watching Contagion. Great buildup, disappointing execution. :(
So it's me and this other girl in here for the interview I'm super nervous now
I really hate when I can hear you chewing in my ear....and smell your food! Ick!!
Finishing up my on-air shift - then getting my shop on!
For everything you have missed, you have gained something else and for everything you gain, you lose something.
Now that's an idea!
I can't wait to be a mommy
that is such a beautiful ring man! Congrats!!
UPCOMING SHOWS: JUNE 29 IN GROTON CONNECTICUT...opening 4 LMFAO(super hype bout this):)))
I JUST NOW remembered that I wanted to buy a yoga mat on my way home...4 hours ago. *sighs and eats ice cream*
Long time no tweets! How are y'all?
transformers of course
Battery ain't dead yet. That's good.
Lots of avian wildlife in the Newark airport.
Yea about that comeback ain't happening #ThunderUp #lakerssuck #KOBE sucks
hunger games better be good
Chilling Bored Af
Although #Tigers are again tied w/ Orioles for most games giving up 10+ runs (15), O's easily ahead in giving up 13+ runs.
Idk what to say anymore.
i love it ! It worked just fine for me ( :
¡Flaca o Flaquinguegere! I love it!
I love you guys
apparently the multivitamins i bought have horny goat weed in them. This will be good.
Annual Ethiopian Soccer tournament at RFK Stadium July 1st- July 7th @ RFK Stadium. Grammy Award winning artists performing on July 4th.
Someone come see me
Thank God the Euro's and the Olympics is on this summer. It will make the summer easier to get thru, ready 4 next seasons football
over qualified bruh
Amazing amount of things that can get done if I ignore twitter and texts! Unfortunately, that didn't happen today...
I couldn't make it myself, but tx for sharing the good #12ntc word
lmao Drunk at this hour
Thank you:D
Can't wait.
if you want haha
Hella bored filling out applications .
On the road again! Kicking off my fall book talk tour at the Decatur book festival in Atlanta today. www.atthedarkendoftestreet.com
RT Forrest will be tweeting the day of the fight from his computer/phone. Be sure to watch UFC 101 and show your support!
I'm gonna start selling cookies and cream hersheys chocolate skittles and starburst ;)
The three questions you should ask in a job interview so you hear "You're hired". reports. 11pm next
It's all about the consistency
. Huzzah, indeed for and our panel of speakers on DRM and e-piracy. Warning: important discussion ahead (on 3/29)!
There is a lot of beauty in design that is simple, yet useful. Outcome comes first. All else is only added value.
did do something wrong?
Made it through 4 days without coffee. Headache's subsiding.
Well at least #Bama is better at kicking tonight. Ill take 4 for 6 over 2 for 6. Still pretty pathetic.
Thanks for the note Chris.Sadly, don't think I am going to be able to make it, but will definitely let you know if plans change
I highly recommend Cross Street Kabob House. Everything was GREAT... and most things had a little kick to them. Salad dressing was YUM too.
“The hard part is to <U+FB01>gure out the fewest possible features that could possibly accomplish your company’s goals.”Eric Ries
Whats a good drink to drink tonight? Any suggestions?
We need any available Web Designers/ Developers for support with our website!!! DM or email RT
So i'm totally thinking about uploading a video to Facebook of me dancing to Call Me Maybe :D
The American Spirits Warehouse in Philadelphia is one of the largest Custom Bonded warehouses in the US dedicated to alcohol beverages.
Man sitting at banks r boring :(
Hi, can you help me do a shoutout?
it's me. Why do you ask?
#BlackParentQuotes Imma show that teacher who a problem child is!
Take a hit... Open your mind
When Someone Points There Finger In Your Face THATS WHEN SHIT GET REAL
Lol! Must b the thin air up there, hubby! I like climbing my tree though ;-) Hasn't even been 24 yet! Awh! Miss ya more, DaDa!
#scms12 however, we are now forever mapping: mapping seems to be part of the network logic of late capitalism
please tell me your online so i can chat you. like pronto!!! :O
Anybody else notice that Time Machine actually seems to work on Apple OS X Lion?
RT: Have learned a great deal about both content strategy and frogs today. #confab12 | So true. So true.
please follow me. u are the reason why im auditioning for this show that coming up!!! i lip sync ur songs and everything!!!
w/ PTSD I was told not to talk about "it" there would be reprcutions but talk about similar topics if memory issues come up relax
Congressional Briefing: D-5! Reserve your spot today by emailing ! Don't miss out on this opportunity!
when I worked in the hospital we always kept a jar at our desk !
My heart say let go but my body dnt want to let go
The Salons and Barbershops, especially in the USA, will be beautifying women and men ensuring all tresses are picture perfect.
Why do so many people go to the movies on Christmas Eve!?
Tweet pics of you & the girls !! Heard it's an awesome salon from my friend!!
To quote Richard Bach, "I'll quote the truth where I find it, thank you."
speaking about weight issues
any solo stuff coming out soon!? Your solo tour in 2008 in Madison, WI w friends and freaking rocked!!
Hi Kelsey. I had a great Bible Study class. Now I'm going to bed-- I have to get up at 5 AM to go to work. MMUUAAHH
sleep well, gotta ball hard tomorrow.
ightt will do, jesse who
And if Dems bring up The Mormon card, it'll be "War on Mormons" the childish behavior is pathetic!
How did I get here turned around and there you were~<3
lol glad you enjoyed it
Good Morning!!! As the days go by, regardless of what happens, know that EVERYTHING happens for a reason....work thru it n keep your head up
yo let me be ur assistant. We act just alike and look alike
Girl, is the same 1 that was almost took pain meds w/a Nyquil chaser one night before I read her tweet & stopped her
Lmfaooo @ metta war! Lol ": Is Metta World War behaving this time? :-p"
#TEAMJUMP SJ ALPHA IS THE PERFECT WAY TO READ MANGA FAST ACCESS
“: Oh watch out Fancy pants!!!!” hahaha you know it
Almost 300 followers! Come on people, follow our jam-alicious tweets!
For mobile devices, I think over time we'll start seeing more apps that are shells containing HTML5 content
Sounds like a great story. I lived in Jamacia with a man who crewed on a Norw cr ship. Lots of hanky panky there.
good! Booze gotta love booze
Women are meant to be loved, not to be understood. ~ Oscar Wilde
RT If Luongo goes to Toronto, we can look forward to hearing Don Cherry mispronounce his name every Saturday night for years!
You need to get up get out and do something! its gonna be an 80 degree day in the MILE HIGH CITY!
I expect a review of 140 characters or fewer after a week. Deal?
thanks for the suggestion! i luv italian food and a good brunello.
This is my 84th tweet I have 84 followers and I follow 357 people can any one please follow me and reach to 100
Alena, you make me smile. Never, ever change.
Elsevier shows off how they use structured data to create Smart Content.
Okay bye.
Saw you perform at Northeastern University last October. Loved your show-will always remember the video that played FOREVER!
so , thats the point of twitter :P
#WikiLeaks and Government Transparency: “Secrets, we’ve got dreams/Mysteries and crazy schemes”
marketingdomination.blogspot.com i need an attorney, so i can put u on the 1st page of Google in ur local area for ur most searched terms
nicest jump ever
To change the world, start with one step. However small, the first step is hardest of all. - Dave Matthews Band
it's hard out there for us teens lol
awesome! Look forward to seeing you.
Surrounding myself with the walkers only.
they certainly havent made it an easy go there for him
Sure. Well, I'm here if you have any more questions.
howdy just figuring Out my tweeter...keep In touch i miss your texts!
Looking for movies on netflix.
its just a TOOTH PICK.... its not like a TREE LOG.....lol
Gents keep eye contact when out on a date. Not creepy "hungry eyes m&m commercial" eye contact but stay engaged with your eyes. It works.
I need a hard fuck
Shoutout to for ditching on our beach trip ;)
please dont raise the gas tax.
honestly don't think my week could get any worse.. i can't believe this
Next two weeks are full build out new cloud enviroment, new data center suite, Cisco UCS & Nexus and
Facebook... too cluttered?
I think he's just trying to 1-up Axl.
Unfollow this page now and follow my new page now
#Earth2 is worth it just to watch the Noxzema Girl go bad.
You must care enough to tweet about it lololol
Thanks for having us out at the What a beautiful campus!
any drink specials tonight?
If your mind is not clouded by unnecessary things, this is the best season of your life -- Wu-Men
So sad to hear that Whitney Houston died today. What a powerful voice she had way back when. Sad, sad.
Off mah dick.
There were big crickets in the motel bathroom this morning. Yuk!
Something #SportingKC has seemed to miss lately is Myers feeding the ball into the box. Where did that go?
Cohen moves into Part I of his talk, titled "Petrol Telepathy"
you should feel awesome...I mean u can't tell a lie ;)
It's nice to see that the president I elected finally showed up at the White House
Just found out that tubing in VA & WV requires that you wear a life preserver. WTF? That's what the tube is for!!!
. yes, cos have started standing up to consumer bullies and they should, no one person/group controls prod/brand
On vacation, so I shouldn't be tweeting :)
Thanks for all the requests on Sunday nights! "Colorblind" made it to #11 on 102.9 the Buzz Year End Review of the top 40 Buzz Bands!!
why are you at the hospital?
Police: Alcohol a factor in fatal wrong-way crash on Bishop Ford
Note to self: no more Garfield the cat RT : Love this :) MT : surround yourself with people who love Monday mornings.
Thanks for the #FF!
This lady really gets on my nerves she really does!
how long have you been going outt?
I want too!!! I'll need help finding tickets. Saints game right?
I cant believe my girl left me!!
The only thing getting me through this day is the fact that my new shoes are waiting for me at the apartment!
It's simple as that for your simple ass.
I love it! "A geek who had a dream." Do you mind if I use that in some talks in the future?
Just found a strawberry dutch in my car...
RUGER got hella big !! but he still the same ol blue nose !
thanks for coming over to sign my daughter's hat today at camp!
"A life spent making mistakes is not only more honorable but more useful than a life spent doing nothing" G.B.Shaw Why do we fear mistakes?
lln you have swag.
This baker loves a recipe that starts with, "1 cup of your favorite stout" Fuel Cafe Coffee Stout it is!
Someday, you'll realize how much you cared about her and how amazing she was. But, she'll already be with the guy who always knew.
The Hard Rock Hotel and Casino is SO annoying with its pool party bass that can be heard from a mile away.
Absolutely. Barrier/ Perceived barrier is a big issue in some other #arts too - say, ballet, classical music etc.
nvm baby, go to sleep. I'll pray for you<3
Stop with the spam...next time someone sends me that stuff ur getting cussed out!...sorry but..yaa
Niggas is the new bitches these days smh
Happy Thanksgiving from the Gable PR team! We are thankful for the wonderful clients we get to work with everyday!
Basketball Bucks looked like they started celebrating the new year b4 tip off. Sloppy play. Rematch in the bus will be the bucks > 10 pts
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored. – Aldous Huxley
Giving up meat for Lent? Choice Eating's meatless menu helps ensure you get the nutrition you need and the flavor you crave.
haha I didn't play sorry but I still love ya!
Seen some of my senior friends....yayyyyyy lol
finger crossed for more sunshine
I'll have a large monster please. LOL!
Thx for the mention! Looking forward to the role :)
Why should women wish to be or to do or to write like men? Is not the feminine genius the most angel-like? (1857)
hahaha! Juxx watch me.....Imma be kissing the 5 collectable cards. *smooch, smooch, smooch* :P
you send that track?
I just keep running into u lol
#quotes I resolved to stop accumulating and begin the infinitely more serious and difficult task of wise distribution.
Ok Albuquerque, What is the best place for tacos?
Jeremiah 22:3 "This is what the Lord says: Do what is just and right...Do no wrong or vioence to the alien, the fatherless or the widow..."
we were supposed to close tonight. we're not. not just yet. that's pretty great.
Congratulations on the appointment of as #CFO, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8
i can fix you some pizza and wings for you
#RecordStoreDay totally slipped up on me...i have no money now
“: “: Mosquitos are more attracted to people who have recently drank beer.” sucks for me :(
deadline for is next week! Please send videos of any of your experiences in #DC to be exhibited
Tami now u feel bad bitch?....wat if that was sumone treatin ur daughter the same exact way?? Lost alot of respect for yo Ass!!
I think I told him that too. LOLOLOL
I don’t judge him for what he is but what he refuses to become
My mistake, I did say they should have said it's common. They should have said there were instances. And they should admit they >
Lol. Did you get it?
I can't get over how many of these guys have tried to trash FSU's record WHILE crying "Poor Bobby" simultaneously. Ultimate irony.
I love when people tweet Eminem lyrics....especially when they don't like him nearly as much as I do.
I LOVE #MortalInstruments . You like fantasy? You like romance? You like werewolves, ninjas and magic? You will love Mortal Instruments too.
Charles Darwin was a bad ass
Killin me right now!!!
Good Luck on your half :-) Feeling good is a great sign.
catching up, and I think trying to get away from me at the same time, oi!
let me know how they turn out when you finally get the molds
that's what they want you to do. Don't fall pray to their media whoring.
Oh no - out of milk. This is unacceptable, for I can not have my Weetabix without milk
Without to see the film Don 2 I know very well that a successful Just because you put the wonderful touches in the movie!sleep well
Dear Dave Matthews: rest assured, the guy in the GBH tee at Greenlake does not want your autograph.
Lol if you saw that.... You would call me a bitch and know I don't give a fuck!
if you have the spare cash I would recommend it, it's in an alternate universe so it won't spoil anything, homages here and there
thank u:)
yes get your ass here soon
I'm planning on it if my equipment cooperates
What is your favorite type of guy or girl?
Man who takes woman camping has one in-tent
I can't seem to make a clean version of an "oh, no! they'll see you coming" joke...
Take time out to say "Thank You!" It goes a long ways :)
Its a brand new day! #yawn..stretch..smile :) •jS
Jumped in the car to go to lunch and caught on the radio! Love that girl!
3 of 4 counties in NC House Dist 10 have been canvassed, NC Rep LaRoque (R) down by 58 votes now (was 54 votes), recount coming
Enjoyed 's company tonite. Love u
Thanks for following us! Hope you love good #jazz, #soul, and #house music, it's our life too!
My Favorites Were The Ones W/The Pictures...She Makes It To Easy For Me
He wants to do it... but the Weinsteins don't want him.
Go see Babes in Arms! My professional taste has determined it to be absolutely fabulous. :) [facebook]
I think somebody hacked my twitter account...I didn't post my last post...how does that happen?
Consider this is me giving you props for it :)
YOU act like a fictional character and YOU obsess over obsessive twilight fans... J.K. Rowling is now embarrassed.
Check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLC's @ stratejoy.com to see how they handle the chaos! You're not alone!! :)
#twitterstorians I can't B SOLE historian using Alain Touraine as theoretical scaffodling $ social movement history Find me more please?
Oh jus tell em to bugger off..
Spectacular weekend camping at Sherondo Lake in the Shenandoah National Forest this weekend. Photos to follow...
"#Realist Prediction: The world will not fundamentally change!"
Morning! This would be a great day to hit up Agua Verde for nachos and a kayaking trip.
Hi Fred. Can I please send u a spec script I wrote of Parks and Rec? I have been told it is incredible! Thanks a lot!
I love you!
not no more ...
OK, phew. I was worried for a second. I like The Rake's Song, and that's the only one I've heard. Gave up DLing for Lent.
was god yo'?
especially to one person.
I don't know why I even attempt to sing to Adele in my car. Not to mention I have bronchitis...
The website is real, this twitter account, not so much.
Your so dusty
no one will ever understand how much it hurts.
nope Demonic is everywhere well we represent dungeons for now unitl twitter and the haunt world get up to date
We love the way music brings people together.
There's more milk than cereal in my bowl...
whyy u gotta egg pick haaha
Im your best friend right!! :D
Still waiting on the follow request from , so as far as I'm concerned, she's dead to me.
Ah bacon!!! And it's Tuesday!
Haha well the commercial scared me ctfu..
Arsenio!!!! Whoop whoop whoop!!!
I want Believe Tour Dates! And for you to follow me one day....
Fast fabric! Bamboo is the fastest growing woody plant on the planet. With some species growing more than 2 inches an hour.
Got my alarm set for 8:57 so I won't miss it!
HAHAHA nice? friendly? Yes. Sweet...?? I prefer sassy. And it's a good thing.
You bugging, cut them checks. You A BOSS.
MEETING NOW! Room 8011 DePaul Center :)
i need more sleep. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
I guess nobody cares...okay
it's gonna be 80 today in DC, while you're at your afternoon mtg..ahem golfing ..Think about our steak frites, secret sauce and cherry pie!
as always, we love having you over. In addition to the 1/2 off wines on tues, is there anything else you'd like us to try?
Faithful to the one I love I put nothin above we don't like takin showers so we get it in the tub
It's time for another #socialmonday tonight ! Don't miss it, 10pm for dinner, and don't forget to RSVP !
TY for mentions
you. are. absolutely. GORGEOUS girl! I idolize you.
me and Suzanne tried it. I understand how to do it.. Just need a test dummy to try it out
he's gonna tweet at you be careful
chap 7 going to 8, u?
Lebron ol'g look like Chilli for a minute!!
;) tell Jordan i said hi for me ;D
All successful employers are stalking people who will do the unusual, people who think.
"sometimes I fee like somebody's watching me"
WHY ARE YOU TRYING TO DESTROY OUR ECONOMY?
But we would miss you...
great game tonight and I hearing #Thunder players thanking God in victory and also in defeat.
Does it bother anyone else that the 2nd most popular quote on Good Reads is "written by" Apple Inc. ???
anything I can help explain?
Quality poker products up to 75% off!! Looking for new chip set, poker table, playing cards, a new card guard? Go to www.eproducts4less.biz
sometimes i wish i wasn't smart
m that ones tough ;)
naif = naive, but in the sense of "new comer" (I say) They're talking about putting a football team together of UK music.
NOPE. Eli Manning is way better than Peyton. And now he's taken over TEBOW's job?
Welcome another new member to our team! ! She will be an amazing addition to our already RAWkin' team. Welcome aboard Mballa!
Who has a guess about how social networks might evolve as email evolved away from Prodigy's and AOL's proprietary platforms?
How might this impact silver prices, if at all?
Love you too roomie!
that's good. How was your day? Congrats on your graduation.<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
DEFINITELY a privilege not a rt!
Actually checked out the hashtag for #timewarnercable and it's unbelievable the amount of negative feedback. I'm switching to
I just wanna jump in a crowd of bad bitches...
how to tie a tie android app. swear to god.
Glow Draw is the one I use.
#ConfessionHour I LOVE ALL RUSHERS!!
People - they can make your life easy or difficult. Why does it seem like there are more difficult ones than easy ones?
Love the #colts no matter what. I'll be rockin my blue and white tomorrow along with my attire.
I'm so glad you have a twitter!!:)
I just saw something I could never unsee, I'm not sure if thats a good or bad thing though
It snowing out again need to move somewhere warm
Lol he told me
Sorting through some pictures of Cadillacs I took at car shows.
I miss my honey R. But its kool
and double points for LL, still lickin those lips
Got my coffee. Ready for my #uppers. Good morning.
Well 1-1 so far today's picks NY 20 ATL 17 and thick PIT going to win but I love Tebow so DEN 17 PIT 10 whats your picks.
Good plan!
Of course! Happiest Tuesday :) #Cheers!
Brolley, couldn't find your handle. Chef Geoffsnnext Wed at 5, you down?
#ADPoncampus at Chico State this week! Happy Halloween everyone...
oh you fancy huh?! :D
lol no you gotta draw mines hahaha
Its like whoa.
You bitch an I can see it in ya eyes
Squaremouth Spotlights Travel Insurance Provider Travelex Insurance Services - PR Web (press release)
Perhaps beach on Sat have a lovelyevening and good night sweet dreams
Thanks! I've been through 3x but am super excited to have it delivered to my DM and key leadership team.
It's so interesting to participate in a marketing conference on social TV and see how marketers market to each other :-)
that's dope man!
what u been doin?
Thanks for the follow
I kno I'm sore I would really love to have a massage lol...
mr winter called my mom -___- and said that he asked me why I wasn't working and I said cause I don't feel like it. He's a liar!
"Confessions…" script finished - off to shoot it! :)
US SC rules (Justice Ginsburg delivers opinion) in the much awaited Skilling v. US case dealing with jury impartiality and 18 U.S.C. § 1346.
4 facts. 4. You know how to read.
i get what i want cause i ask for it, not because i'm really that deserving of it.
Recently back from Costa Rica try our Costa Rica Coffee gelato- muy bueno!
Even the champagne bottles they spray at #NASCAR events looks like its bought from Sams Club
is done for this school semester...looking forward to a 6-week break before the next (and hopefully final) semester begins!
#fsu is straight trash
You go Rick Sanchez (CNN) on your scowling of Fox News... Anyone who associates themselves with Fox News should not be called a journalist.
Ha. That's good. You should send them to a really weird incarnation built just for them.
Wearing shorts because it's finally 60 degrees..
I miss my fishy. MY MOM JUST HAD TO DROP HIM DOWN THE DRAIN.
I probably shouldn't just be laying here in bed when I have work to do... oh well catching up on sleep cuz I won't get any
Smh I'm in Vegas . But I'll be leaving soon .
That video is great! Thank you!
We are proud to be part of your training routine!
I love me some
I see! How cool! I can't wait to see what's going on in the community.
Lolololol I don't know, I saw it on Pinterest.
I am PISSED I'll be out of town when is in Cinci. PISSED, I tell you. P I S S E D
Early work meetings...a wonderful way to start a Wednesday.
i would say .
thanks guys!
He replied "What's Shabooms?" bo.
gabbi, I need you're opinion on something!
why were we not following eachother?
If you're still up in one hour, then y
Aren't the Coyotes owned by the NHL? Isn't that kind of a conflict of influence as far as the officiating is concerned? Just saying'.
did my bag make it?
Cool. The movie In Time makes no sense.
THANK YOU SPEAKERS at Monday's event! Everyone did such an amazing job thanks for being apart of the launch of SWAG!
so are tpu in Houston now?
My kids were surprised to see the moon tonight. It's been a while!
At home chillin
stop. Right now.
thanx..it's been corrected. #sportingkc will be covered weekly along with the #MLS..feel free to criticize our takes -lil Bob.
Seems like I'm making a deal with the devil... Who's wishpering softly to me... Are you sure that he's the one???.
Excited and nervous! My first
...take that appearance based stereotypes! :P
Upon recieving the news of a dead relative, sent this: <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A9> <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080><-----grandpa dick <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0095> I've never lol'd harder.
Youngest daughter currently playing ring around the rosie in the living room… by herself.
hey thanks for the follow! one of our members (billy) loves science. throw some of that passion our way and "like"us on fb!
": Dear God : Today I wokn up .. I am healthy .. I am alive .. " THANK YOU ".. Your love will never go unnoticed ." Deff
sleepy night in DC me thinks. If I were u I would check Song 1 on the Hirschorn. Hit me up if u are out post 11pm.
Don't act. Just feel. Stay honest.
So my instructors says I look like I'm vietnamese, japanese and peru...how idk.... smh
"sorry im not like you (said in a girl voice) oh hi im judy kegley i go to school with jumpers on" -chris hahahaha
The two things that make me feel so alive: Acting and working out. I'm lucky to have
Wishing & a very Happy Diwali! May the new year bring our entire team must more success and pride as an artist!
You coming to Phx for the Western Conference Finals if and when?
Gotta wake up early, so its time for bed doe.
wow your grandparents were stunning :)
Writing w/ Trevor Thornton this morning!
Asians are always late. Haven't you learned that lesson??
Hate havin to shower cause you dont wanna get up. Even though you know ya stink.
WHAT?! Jonny's bringing "greek yogurt"...
Mitt Romney and his corporate capitalist freemrkt Ideologues think they have a chance...The truth about them and you exists ...and we know
Need something fun to do with the kiddos this weekend? We've got great family fun exhibits at the Balloon Museum! Kids get in for only $1!
Hi go hi go... Off to my second job I go...
Hey now. It's not so bad.
Even Joe is watching this game! RT : Time for the TRUTH
Configuring a blog on bar etiquette…what are y’all bar-peeves?
Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you just sit there. ~Will Rogers
Love getting stuff done
You certainly mean "Boy, oh, boy"
Ready to get this over with!
Tonight, was the greatest night of my life, for many different reasons.
In the studio today creating baby making music! Go Birds of prey! - Eric
That lady has to be the MOST FAMOUS CHURCH NURSE EVER! LOLLOL
Did u get my twts earlier about da oda Modeling Agency in Downton LA?
You are not one in a hundred, or one in a thousand, not even one in a million. You are one, unique and that’s it :)
Who or what is your biggest inspiration? -PT
Someone entertain me, or get me some gas.
« Bored» damn already
In Battleship >>>
I wish i could just roll up right na and take dat stress away
I SAW YOUR VIDEO ON YOUTUBE U WAS GOING OFF!!LMFAO UR SO FUNNY&DM ME BAKK IF U HAVENT BUT YEAH ITS 2 FUNNY
Happy Birthday !
RT : Oh, you're overweight? Please, tell me more about the new diet you're starting next Monday.
Fun Fact: 2 Seasons since 1992 that didn't include either the Packers or the Eagles in the playoffs (1999, 2005). via jsonline
Oh you know I will! Just looking for an opportunity....
How do you feel about "gonna?"
I have never felt soo strong
Can't wait for #AmericasCup. We will be catering this event. #Extravagant food items galore!
Unforgettable...gotta leave a lasting impression to make em cum back 4 more!!
maybe you never fall out of love in the first place
They aren't though, that's the thing.
Video editing is almost as fun as hanging out with captain Hemsworth
You need to be the official DCB food photog. John & I could use some serious help!
No I don't imagine it is!
fine. I challenge you to DRAW SOMETHING!!!!!
I once taught a German shepherd to bark in Spanish.
Dude we should post nasty shit, like "I bet you the bitch doesn't even shave her pubes." xD
#Caps GMGM says Beagle broke his foot, had to have surgery
#educomm technology has allowed us to provide a better education, but not cheaper, Brian rosenberg, pres Macalester college
In line @ target and the woman bought lots of lemons, looks like a master cleanse
Just one example.
76ers are only the fifth 8-seed in history to knock out a first seed.
Agreed Gephi is best at visualizing large graphs, but challenging for new users!
no filming just partying!
I bet you could even let her go see her boyfriend!
Thanks for the RTs, Elyse! We're very excited to have a San Diegan part of the CA Transportation Commission.
c'mon son. You know the drill
any suggestions for food around Comerica?
"I don't really know why all we said is goodbye; I guess I'd rather save my breath. The world is just a timebomb; everyone is dead wrong..."
but u.s. education is becoming more and more test-driven, ranking obssessed, class- based segregating machine
nothing cats do is ever peaceful. That is what you call "laying in wait, preparing to attack"
Can't wait to get my personal watercraft on the Potomac this weekend. Been land locked all winter!
Throw one back for Coach Bruce for me, would ya Don? RT
I spent 1 hour and 20 minutes bicycling. 1,016 calories burned.
Yeah, I'm not sure either. I have a couple of guesses, but it's just speculation.
It is official! I am not formally simplygrapes.
Happy September!!! might as well be January. This year is FLYING by!
Did you get ur text I sent you! As follows:Happy Mother's Day!! Love you bunches!I'm in ATL hopefully I get to see those babies!
Thanks for following the Pancreactic Cancer Action Network - Milwaukee Affiliate
Where is everyone??!!!
happy mother's day to you! I speak for thousands when I say you have been *the* best spiritual mama to us! we love&adore you!
Bases loaded with no one out... we need this win.
Less than 3months and Im getting my new car
the ustream has finally been scheduled. You in? Oh, and she's at Neumos this week, I think
in honor of this great occasion, I shall watch The Princess Bride.
When will you bring your fabulous burgers to Chicago?
Good nacht twitter of germany!
hah! Somehow I missed that tweet yesterday. I will forward your love.
First day back at swim... #Thisshouldbeinteresting ! :)
at the clarion hotel
Just had the worst right hammie cramp in the world..almost cried..thought my hammie was torn lol
Yeah but its true :P haha
Blacksburg it was epic, see you in a few weeks - dc bound. Driving for the next 4 hours, feel free to call me.
hi I don't know you very well but your twits make you look like a very bad person
DD has test to pass in order to get baby chicks. Dog/cats/chicks-everyone behave themselves. No circle of life in first week. I'm squeamish.
If NLT were an Animal, what Animal would it be... and why?
It's supposed to be beautiful today. I'm sure things will be crazy at the cart. See you down there!
Still riding the shit outta this and high!!!
well said hope you have an amazing day.
You didn't cheat did you? :) You got it! DM your address.
RT : Happy Sprecher Day! If you're at #wistatefair stop by for the limited Belgium Dubbel, or just a root beer!
Waking up 3-4 minutes earlier everyday, no matter how sleepy I am. I am a light meter.
Hey Laney! I saw your comment on 's blog post. Let's talk about the skirt! Email me at .
When I turn in my last of the 5 major assignments due in the past 2 weeks on Saturday, I'm going to be relieved - and also batsh*t crazy.
This movie is so sad!!!!
The #Fail robber
please follow me so we can discuss buisness. I tried to respond to your DM.
Just had the Spicy Thai at , so good
RT : "Give every man thine ear, but few thy voice." ~Shakespeare
<U+2640>Opportunity dances with those who are already on the dance floor<U+2640>
Good morning!!
Happy turkey day to all!:)
He went back after FA started #callitaloss": Like I said, we can't count Soliai, he went back to his original team...
HA! Need to be MUCHO quicker and go farther... but THX :) RT : Good going!
Myspace sucks
M'aider m'aider help me help me!
DC/VA/MDers: care to share any dog daycare recs? My puppy love needs a loving home while I'm at work. Checking out places this weekend.
thanks Brady! I'm coming over sometime to launch some more golf balls over your backyard.
POST YOUR RESUME, VIDEO AND PICTURE SHOWCASE YOUR SKILLS TO HIRING EMPLOYERS JOIN BODYGUARD NATION AND FIND THE RIGHT JOB TODAY!
S/O to all the cool people in my life right now!
Blessed are the cracked For they shall let in the light.
We love you ! Come see us again soon :)
They should have ejection seats specifically designed for assholes who sit next to people when there are tons of other seats."
#iwish he would just be there with out me saying
To work or not to work today - that is the question...
Oh, I am SO there. Vinyl spinnage daily? And caffeine? Yes, please.
Pippin throws the curve ball: prefer to hear 70's folk music. Knew I should have brought my James Taylor
Don't you have an iPhone?
you rock! Awesome session on Moms vs Mgmt today! Fun and inspiring! Hope you enjoyed the margaritas! Lets hang out sometime!
likewise! I'm in the midst of setting up a monthly craft session. If you're interested, I can keep you in the loop.
Chic-fil-a sauce >
:( I'm jelly! I was doing hw... Which I'm still doing :/ and will be all day.
How about we trend "One Direction & Americans" ;) x x x x
It's something. And two months ago, something is more than I expected.
It's about saving the lives of our children, says
I didn't like Terry Francona when he was with the Red Sox, but he's a pretty likable guy as an ESPN analyst
Listening to the new #JackWhite album on iTunes for free. Lovinn it.
what class do you have??
Getting old. Had to get up on the middle of the night to take pain relievers for a sore back.
“Sex is an emotion in motion” - Mae West
RT : Thrilled to have Mark Moran of on #sschat Mon 7pm EST: how educators can create new textless curriculum.
I haven't been there since childhood! Haha
Push mowing your yard then standing in a water sprinkler for 10 minutes>>>
Did i hear that right .. New single out in July ?! Cant forkin wait ! :D
Creativity is the residue of wasted time
And I'm right w/ you on dirty tricks and voter ID laws. Those are wrong!!!!
I love french fries!
Come get dirty with us on October 22nd. Lets dance, and fuck, and sing pop songs at the top of our lungs.
You would think I would have something more important to say in tweet 8,400 but I don't...hopefully tweet 8,401 will be better!
I love playing 'Find Selina and Ross' at ACE shows and then finding out they left w/o saying bye.
did you see the forecastle lineup? Any thoughts about going?
HangOver II scarred me! I walked out a couple times! LOL
yayy you made a twitter((:
The office is divided. Gif with a "juh" or "guh" ???
#3wordsaftersex Where's your friend
Yelling out!! supporters lets get ur followers to follow #realrnb ---> my followers yall know the drill lets go!
Aww, I feel the same about you. So fun yesterday. Pie dates rock!
COLORBLIND supply co. Coming soon everyone be ready, and get some money from whoever...go rob a nigga to buy a COLORBLIND shirt/hoodie
“: is perfect forever”
She is one of our best customer reps! Safe travels!
Looking for a new challenge - Dare Me!
wow twitter isnt working its saying has 0 followers yeah i dont think so lmao
Yes sir
they are adding bricks in the wall rather than tearing the wall down so to speak.
Damn, time to do some last minute cleaning jic.
Happy #FF to all of our sister cities!
No gold stool, no brew, but I am sittin' by the pool like Heavy D in "Mr. Big Stuff", typin this paper on Hip Hop & Respectability Politics.
Happy Memorial Day everybody.
Daddy Mack brought you down home bleus last nite & Deborah Swiney will bring sounds of the speakeasy next Thursday.
The only way the beat the is if elbows , and (again). Outmatched.
Was up. How you been?
When you try your hardest to keep her happy but it just dont work<<<<
So far you have endorsed horrible candidates Rick Santorum and Bill Mccullom. Both frauds and bad for our country.
it is!! There needs to be a Donatos next to campus! It would make everyone so happy.
And if a nigga start acting up I send his a** to time out til he get his act right! He gotta know he f*ckn wit a boss here! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Why, yes, I did mean "deep chunk!" The database is obviously trying to sell us drugs.
your welcome:+)
I luv uRT : Please keep my good friend in ur prayers today!! Love you girl!! You will be back at it in no time!! :)
your stupid ^_^
Tienes que hacer una cancion de Dubstep! Im a producer/writer/artist and have tons of dance/ Dubstep tracks!
met amazing dancers yesterday at #WILD Dance Intensive yesterday!!!best day ever!! met the one and only Mollee Gray and Tokyo!! <33 them:D
Whenever you do find a HCP hesitant of SoMe, Web, patient communities... give me a call. I'll help
I wanna write the soundtrack to your life
Make it so!! RT I'm all for a 3 (or 4) piece FH section for the GB show starting 9/4!!! Also Oboe & 12 strings!
How did I know this would happen?
(: Thanks Zali for the win <3
RT : i would like 2 know if u want 2 see my show & cannot-why? where do u live? do u have access 2 hallmark?pls explain. -lisa
congratulations! keep it up! the hard work is paying off :)
We have a new server ready - vpn-sf36 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
Amaz exp for employees at People Serving People. $2,500+ worth of toys and clothes donated/wrapped w/parents at the shelter.
Got BD part 1 Friday and watched it like 7 times since then
I was being serious.
To be fair, sometimes I think Colin just enjoys being contrarian. You love flamers, don't you ?
At CSU San Marcos hearing about curbing teen pregnancy amongst Latinas. More than half of US Latinas have a baby before turning 20.
the pains of being older. someone take her the glasses. get your lazy asses up.
silly goose, :3 I'm not upon pills :3
Tweeting from my phone. I'm so easily entertained. Especially when I should be doing housework.
Feel better! Can't have you out of action.
pooping after shower is so counter productive argh
Thank you very much!
I just wanna go back to sleep! 12 hr shifts are
thanks for the RT
This is bullshit. The winners have obviously already been picked, why am I taking the time to vote?
Sleepin on the couch<… RT : Sleeping alone < ..
That saying you don't know what you got till its gone isn't really true
I thrw my kicks on. And I fly away, wid this music on loud cuz my thoughts tell me go, my visions got me feelin gr8
yeah, i just don't like it when people take over the dialogue,but sometimes there's good feedback
Im gonna name my son Alberto so these Cubans in Miami call him Albetico
More than 10 years ago I thought was too cool for introducing me to Dar Williams. She's still too cool and I lurve her a bunch.
Y is ben still in?? I hope the 49ers break his ankle then maybe he'll learn to just give it up
W.inquisitivetongue.com for Tampa Bay, San Diego best bets. What's yours?
That's adorable! My needles are sparking as I finish up a Knitty I do for my friend's wedding. Yarn: Cascade Sierra Sunshine.
"I do it easy, leave the hard a way to Penny...."
why are you in a full suit!
76k, last level of the day. and German reg added to table.
Hello 11 new followers. (I wonder if my Klout score went up?)
I don't chase hoes, they move too slow for me
HEARTBREAK HIPPIES PROMO CD WILL BE OUT DEC. 22 and cost a baby 2 dollars reserve ur copy today contact CHARACTER @ 317.457.6020 to get one
You watch it when it airs. I have to watch one of the 25,000 reruns. Mad Men takes priority on Sunday nights. How's Juicy?
Lol. Common Mistake "a product you could make in the time it made you to make the powerpoint"
Nothing against Metairie, but it's horsesh*t to make us come out there instead of nola for depositions.
I like the Zooey D ad...don't think it's elitist, do you? She's just so cute!
My condolences on your loss. Lost my mom when I was around your age. Never easy.
Live Bands!!!
Happy Birthday!
Outraged. MT Thank you for turning the page #smh MT Unlike Rosen, who had to adopt kids, Ann raised 5 of her own.
I'm on the way bae,hol on...I'm coming
Todays word of the day is spittiful u look very spittifull!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
What's up, White County? Meth, most likely.
No date announced but they say they're working on it!
congrats Mark! Bittersweet for me because we'll only work together a short time but I think this will be a great move for you.
And congrats to also
Great to see the Knicks show heart but they are just delaying the inevitable
apple pie I make a wonderful apple pie
Bench press is a lot easier when you only go halfway down.
that's very PG for tonight lol..
did rhodes put you up to this?
MAKE ME.
Tech fans 1! Aggies 0! We booed one out of the stadium!
I'm currently being followed by a silent account holder named "Quilty." This feels like the embodiment of a lifelong dream.
your video is up<3
my first 4 $2 bills I got from place an new place I am training at got 5 $2 bills
Nice day to eat outside, just need a margrita now... Lol.
we agree!
who they hell is ryan ?
Loved Kyle williams in 09 against UA when he single handily killed his team. Hate him today when he is playing for 49ers and killed again.
Yeah. But shhh. Don't tell your dad:
I am housecleaning. This is of historical significance.
nigger, stay up late. :p
not sure if its the bourbon but that cracked me up !
Thanks! RT : And good luck to on their first Smithsonian event! It's a shame we overlap & can't go to each others!
could be soon to stop BBN from freaking out. Word is he's close
i hate you for being so pretty. -.-
We can recruit to help us out! Joy will never know what hit her! Lmfao!
Rain. A good thing!
Yeah, I love DC - such a great city. :)
People are rude these daays . -.- lol
Great -.- I'm hungry again .-.
Someone needs to show her ALC rules RT : Did Evelina Halsey Brandt just admit she wants to build amenities on the Garden City...
yo dog I heard you like updates
Just found AKA Squidward`s Alter Ego. If you like laughs, you`ll love this account!
We run LA
Damn, don't tell me you're taking her out to Mickey D's afterwards?? You really know how to treat a girl. *applauds you*
Blog: I agree w defining WHAT we want students to learn; But what TRAITS do they need to be SUCCESSFUL in a global economy?
A man's house is his hassle.
Yes Ma'am
Whoa! Twitter just took on a mind of its own!
“: Want me to throw more food at you?” absolutely.
“: What happened to Emotion?”
Thx for sharing your #getoutandzip trip, Oregon specialty-style! Stay tuned to see if you win.
I know brutal!!!
I love you all<3
Ha. "Ladders" gave me the first big laugh of the night.
Yes I'm up about to go to bed. #BitSleepy Posted on Thursday May 17, 2012 10:21 PM
Sounds like my kind of day. Glad you had fun.
who wants free business cards?
summer life
Melanie Fiona "Wrong Side of A Love Song" #Repeat! <3 </3 /Thinkin' . . .
Watching tonight. So far so good!
O yeah
Pick your battles wisely.
Why don't we create one account and you can do a screencast?
watching Halloween! Super scary!
hey guys - I'm working on this issue right now (it was a bug in my code). Thanks for the email Kerim!! :)
got the picture today!! Thank you so much!!
One more class, then I can go to bed! How is it only Monday?
I only feel good when I'm sleeping or eating.
Here's what vexes me about those bands: I have never met anyone who likes them - ANYONE. What does that say about America?
Got the new Twitter app up and running on my phone. Pretty snazzy. I heart learning new things.
I wanna move to miami ...
Working the poll in Pohick precinct. Vote for Steve Hunt!
girl you so affine
Frankly, I'm embarrassed by it happening on my watch.
I gotta say folks from the UK are really nice :)
where these tornadoes at??
Do it for torty go
Hah! RT : howdy! have a: Lisa active weekend (tm)
chill asia you goin too far lol
i just caught myself listening to the one direction cd. what has this world come to?
eye fire website really burned my eyes with horrible design/spamming. Ugh. WTF is that site?
Madison Mayor Dave Cieslewicz files open meetings complaints with Dane County DA and state AG.
All we do is smoke and fuck ... smoke and fuck
Im abt to stop doing wat mfs wudn do for me... U AINT GOT SHIT COMING MY WAY...!!! I wudn care wat it is or for...
If Yo Gabba Gabba had more zombies, I would enjoy it as much as my daughter.
#WeWontWork if you have no goals in life .
I feel like some eggs, bacon, sausage, pancakes, and leftover pork chops.
It’s hard to tell your mind to stop loving someone when your heart still does.
The best of both worlds, I'm not spoiled but I have a loving family. But I'd say mostly Emma, I can mostly fend for myself.
When is a Yankee going to come through with a big hit like Vlad just did?
For I know the plans I have for you," says the LORD. "They are plans for good and not for disaster, to give you a future and a hope.
Why can't NYPD Traffic cops do anything about triple parked limos & trucks on Madison Ave between 7 - 9 am weekdays?They tix everywhere else
Happy Thanksgiving to one and all.
Going back to sleep. Early rising. Night world.
Two more shows, finals and then a nice three week break to refocus and work on other client/personal projects.
We've been in that situation where you're just so happy to be doing what you love to do that you get taken advantage of. - Justin Timberlake
im magical ;)
It was going good for a while but these last few segments have been dragging badly.
I don't think this girl on Facebook will "survive" the 2nd day of her diet.. I'll keep you posted.
Recording drums for the EP tonight!
I remember when I did the show 30 Rock. Steve Martin was there Tina Fey was great & Alec Baldwin pushed me 2 the side w/ his chunky fingers
Phone is gone and now wallet as well. Note to self: dont walk with bag open bc you will get pick pocketed. I quit this week. See you 5/8.
50 yr. ago women could not attend White House Correspondents dinner In '62 Pres. Kennedy refused to attend until ban was lifted.
Welp, Jeff Gordon goes down 2 laps. Par for the course this season... :(
RT left, right and christ--book, video, book launch event--- bit.ly/pjg1BS
Frost advisory<<<
He almost did a faceplant into dudes nuts
RT : So much gwalla, dollar after dollar
HubSpot’s Lead Notification and Prospect Tracking is a simple tool that notifies users whenever a lead returns to their site
The constant companion in my journey has been theatre,
The Lucky One was a good movie. Thanks(:
oh that was for u....burp!!!
Can someone tell me what's with this sudden desire to join the Red Pant Revolution..
I can now officially say that I went to school in my swimsuit .. LOL goodtimes
wanna go halfsies with me on colton dixon? :) hahaha
Time to leave. Goodbye twitter buddies :D
What am I supposed to think over it? I think I've actually heard it before and it's creepily vulgar.
The evening program for our Arts & Eats for Justice Gala is coming along! Counting down until December 6th!
by creating 1 MILLION LESS JOBS A MONTH than Obama (-818K v +243K) & couldnt even finish 2 WARS he started...u are out of your fucking mind
So weird. RT : The awkward moment when you reflect on your life and realise that it's one big awkward moment.
Oh bitch I'm coming!
Going to bed at six in the mornin
fans, respect the #koaladancebot ...go I.aM.mE!!! RT if u c the "<U+E32D>" #bieberfever and #ChachiFever all the way!!!
Performing at indie night tonight at 9pm at eGarage with But first I have a dentist appt. at 6:15pm. The excitement continues.
Delish breakfast this am... banana, PB, honey, and a sprinkle of granola all wrapped up in a whole wheat tortilla. Yum
i actually need them for an event just to wear. are you in raleigh?
I love family guy! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Besos to my sweetie for successfully defending his dissertation today! OMG!
Want to impress a new business prospect? Nominate them for the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Awards! Nominations open now!
God is trying to get my attentiom today, to direct my energies to make the most of my special talents. I will be aware.
#Spartacus is having a crazy sex scene rite now
Fuse is looking 4 twitter peeps tonight 06/06 only. Show this tweet/RT 2 GM Steve. Code word: ElectricSushi. C what happens
you're a good friend!
I'm bored. -_____-
Is she ever gonna let us hang??
I just heard that Dick Clark died. I am very sad but you are in a better place. New Year's will never be the same without you!
“: I canot wait....I absolutely love u guys!!!!”//WE ABSOLUTELY LOVE YOU SIS!!!
Okay. Thanks for the info.
This weather has me craving Clam Chowder already...
I have James Brown's Man's World see stuck in my head.
You are amazing! Thanks for helping me and sharing!
awwe r u mad at me now?
RT : Univision upfront described in one word "mobilization"
The OutKast member will portray the rock legend in All Is By My Side, which begins filming later this month...
Love the madness!!!! RT : Six hours ago, there were 4,728 perfect brackets on #TournamentChallenge. Now? Zip. Zero. Nada. NONE.
Get Burned- Sleeper Agent <such a good song!
we don't believe in child labor.
no good night tweets?
Full auditorium at Dana. Passionate Principals presented briefly tonight. What a great crew we have in Point Loma
I swear he kinda walks normal now I almost wanted to call him jared haha.
There's no light w/o dark, feminine w/o masculine, good w/o bad, right w/o wrong. Become whole and merged, and not one-sided.
yo dude, get the shoes??
Having heart to hearts with my mommy >>> <U+E32C>
can u blog about your move to cleveland?
I'm going to have a Domino's Pizza I get a free coke in Boston stores if I say BarCast
"that look like money? Money be green." -D
Thanks for the follow. Bloggers and their readers had a blast at the event in Nov. Do you all plan on using Twitter more now?
I Do Whatever My Rice Krispies Tell Me To.
Real-time analytics clearly demonstrate the immediate impact of social sharing on traffic and revenue.
hi. how high/low should a tie bar be worn? many thanks.
Heartbreak, like a knife, / cuts through our complacency / ravaged beyond pain.
Hey you are officially the subject of my first tweet. we need to see each other more
maybe SJSU Engl Dept can implement more DH formally into curriculum & take advantage of our creative writing prog too for e-lit?
We need a few BLOG mentions about us at Sunset Island Music
perfectly fine you have my permission
I didn't know Lou had a speech impediment
Already listen and download the podcast RT: We currently have the KC Soccer Show on
Steenbock's on Orchard?
This my album, & when your parents try to come around, do the fuckin' exact opposite of turning' it down.
Good job Chavez!!! I wonder if Eric Chavez has Tweeter Account
Ireally dont wanna go out n search for these 4s
"All your dreams can come true if you have the courage to pursue them."
#hungry o.0
Madison had his hands inside his shirt throughout the whole interview lol
Thank you, Nidal.
Invite from #duolingo came through, first #Spanish lesson went well, Stanford CS101 lesson is next
Completely agree about 3D. Hoping this awful trend ends soon.
I'm at rabbit club with and we're talking.
"It may take time, patience, listening, & decreeing to move on beyond your fears & doubts, to rise out of any valley of despair."
I feel ur pain all the way from Oregon. What a disastrous game. Thanks god Seattle at home next week!!
off to Atlantic City this weekend!!!
This whole week I'm not doing my hair like I always do #TooLazy !
Walek principal Mary Beth Kissane sat on the "Investor Relations Road Map" panel at the Bond Buyer's 501(c)3 Super Conference last month.
At what time of day was Adam born? Just before Eve.
It was warm, now it's cold again. Remedy: hot apple cider and bourbon. Happy holidays!!!
So glad "Directioners Are Sexy Carrots" went off the list of Austin trends today. Scary.
:P Hi Duncan. <3
Just recorded 3 teachers for our Classnotes podcast on STEM ed in high minority high school.
A: 6-8 of faculty from Notre Dame come to corp office & do lectures for our leadership team.
is being watched,
that kind of makes me want to birth my own baby wombats. is that weird?
Mr. G da mooch.
what is the most powerful symbol of our age?
Took kids from my non-profit out to lunch with the Amazons SO FUN :D my kids n clients r krazy kool ;)
Great weekend with new friends. Hope you guys had fun
Happy Superbowl! Any thoughts on who is going to win?
#WhenAustin says "I'll play one last song" on ustream. :)
My kids got a huge kick out of seeing the live webcams of the waves on Surfline. I am dying for a trip back to SoCal. Counting the days.
Gross they suck.
yeah my steroid usin ass did say it you lil limp dick skinny ass trick. wtf you gonna do about it crack head? lol it wa a joke
Love weekends .. Seeing Bad Teacher & going snorkeling .. Then getting my hair did .. 8-) sunshine to all
haha I'm glad you pointed out my stupidity!!!!!!!! Love you
I feel soo tonight. Cooking two pork-based dinners!
love hearing that. Have rondo give em the work. They don't want that problem
Thanks for the bday wishes ! Spending a nice day relaxing with my mom :)
don't be mad!]
Mostly I enjoy Death Cab for Cutie more now, because I think it probably makes Zooey Deschanel sad.
I've lent Billy Cundiff a few of my pumas to patrol his property until this all blows over - or when Kevin Gregg ruins Opening Day.
So is that Damn jingle they have in the commercial RT : “: Miller 64 is gross” very gross.
Radio news says Seattle Police Dept now has drones (?!) and that today's May Day demonstrations have the "same chemistry" as WTO riots.
Good Morning Twitter! What's Up With Ya?
My redneck friend on marriage equality-"if gays want to be as miserable as I was in marriage, have at it!"
RT *Tonight*Come Get ur Party On @ 24K The livest & SEXIEST Fri Night Going>new record this aint water on deck
oh wow lol
you know it's been a rough night when my retainers are on my nightstand
whaddup lady!!! you know i tend to dissappear lol!! how r u??
Does rapid succession of named beers account for the Hopper nostalgia?
happy mothers day even tho ur not a mom yet! Lol :p
Hahhahah I love her and I want to lose my virginity with her :(
I honour you, , for not playing the skinny provocative sex object game. I honour you for knowing your true value is your self.
Lost a family member:(. Fond memories but time to move on
bahahaha mines too , with her smart ass what's your sign ?
Wow Kevin na and his #slowplay winning the players. He's had the yips too. Hope he wins
Got to go to Florida this summer.
Toast to craft beers at – RT this for a special #EABF commemorative badge from
Twitter is boring...
I am a hopeless romantic. Goodnight. Phone off!
Move your feet to the rhythm of God's beat.
PATIENCE GRASSHOPPER!!
Flex spot non ppr. L. Robinson or Ogbonnaya
The best time to wear a G sweater is all the time.
I need something to do!
You know you should go to sleep when the sheep your counting start to hit the fence
Happy Valentines Day. Getting cleaned up & ready to do work tonight w/ , & SICK!
I honestly think my last words on earth will be " I wonder what this button does"
Mad Shout out to Paul Dang & crew @ 720 Cafe 4 a delicious bruch w/ some righteous spinning sounds, spins, & vibrations for da body & soul.
cool! gimme some feedback. Di track should be on the radio in yard in the coming weeks!
Music makes me feel so good sometimes
Question for those of you who work with music: What artist-aggregator do you use? Do you recommend it? Thanks for your input!
I'l be moderating the investigative news panel #macmuckrakers for at 9:30 a.m. If you're on Palomar's SM campus stop by SSC-1
hi, it was your profile website url under your twitter settings...not the actual twitter URL...oh well probably just a glitch
New Year's run...the most "reliable" rumors say four nights at MSG.
pretty sure running a stop sign/red light and getting hit by a care would kill it anyway.
you know ur leaving wburg when 30 skate/longboarders dart by wearing their obligatory hipster moustaches, skinny jeans & farm shirts
Yeah! RT : Today is #NYU #Commencement Stadium – congrats #Stern2012 & all NYU grads!
I hate people who fart in line
We are lucky to have !! He will fix the drops, and the haters can suck it!!!!!!!!! #GOPACKGO !!!
We both know i'm just one step from walking away, and if I leave i'm not coming back. So prove you care by leaving it alone..
Two-Day Audition/Cold Reading Technique Workshop San Francisco Saturday & Sunday, January 16th and 17th 10am -5pm www.actorsintensive.com
Heading to the streets
Run, run little bunnies; old mean Elmer Fudd works at JFK airport, and he's gunning for you.
but for real, Mo's career shouldn't end like this. As much as people hate on the yankees, Mo's the best in the game, hands down.
Trying on my "you're fired!" face.
lost my glasses
yes I miss you guys! Let's hangout soon :)
I can't even say that once...
“: first one in the new whip lol” yacccceee!
well then you will have something to look forward to.
": People too weak to follow their own dreams will always find a way to discourage yours."
RT : As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death. ~ Da Vinci
This is also another example of why civil rights shouldn't be something left to the ballot box.
#bucks with early lead in Orlando..of course it's the NBA and it doesn't mean much
is it cocktail hour yet?
Little text messages throughout the day really cheer me up :)
Too much media and speculation...not enough evidence.
Follow us on facebook for additional updates on Las Vegas events rooms and shows
Adele is knocking it out of the park, again!
#YouKnowYoureDrunkWhen you take a shit in the sink and then go wash ur hands in the toilet
If my kid was asked to read something ?able, I would ask to read it first, but let him/her and then discuss it.
#WorstTimesToGetABoner being in a tent with ;D
it's ok. That's the UL thing to do.
Success is not to be pursued; it is to be attracted by the person you become. ~ Jim Rohn
First volleyball game of the season tonight! Get fired up team Amazeballs. We'll miss you
. having a blast at #nelsym12!
Queer #mla12 headed to Lobby Bar!
Dear call-center dude. I make the effort to say "No, sorry, don't want it but thank you." If you still persist, you deserve the rudeness.
not too shabby so far =P
Today is National Chocolate Souffle Day
Ok i have gone to the dark side and gotten a twitter account. this will be my last trivial message.
Happy Teacher Appreciation Day. Today I'll advocate for more scripted lessons so u work less.
my Falcons bit the dust!!! damn
We hope to see you there!
Ambassador Vineyard Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
good to go! a little thirsty! pickin' some this weekend!
He said it! "I never killed anybody, I never raped anybody, I never committed no crimes that weren't honorable." - Tupac Shakur
Everywhere I go I can't escape the smell of BBQ
Who was the lady singing in the commercial with elton?
Headache has gone from bad to worse. Need to get rid of this now.
super steal of a deal.
FML my pants are still wet
yeah, like we didn't see the sexual harassment thing coming
the Mets are a terrible idea.
there's a new Madea movie coming out!
Im In Paris Boo! Where U At...Meet/Greet ? ? ? ?
I just remembered ABDC came on tonight!
In a battle of the Bon's....I'll always go with Bon Scott
Donated over 24 older Toshiba laptops to #salvationarmy, all with Wi-Fi, DVD and tons of other goodies! I hope it helps someone, somewhere.
If you retweet one of my tweet,ohmygrande...!
You are welcome. Hope to see you in Atlanta
Sending you a #ff shout out and thanks for the RT earlier this week!
Now you're just somebody that I used to know
Too damn hot today!!!
A few more days to name our Elk! Best name gets $100 bar tab!
Hehe, valid point.
Give me reason but don't give me choice, cause ill just make the same mistake again.
Another student is working on a short this friday, commercial on saturday and starting on her 1st feature on monday!!thanks
Just brought my lotto tickets. Lines are long. Hope I win! Got great things I want to do!
Haha. I got worn out the other day--wasn't til later I remembered I had a 12-pak of batteries tucked in there.
Watching The Changling.. Creepy..love those old scary movies <3 love B rated sometimes to :) blanky,lights out,cuddling ah
Its here! Its here! Its here!!! #openingday is here!!!!! #GOBREWERS!!!
Wahoo! RT : it was absolutely amazing some of the best sushi ive ever had!! Ill be making another huge order soon!!
#1ofmymanyflaws my eyes -.-
If it's not loud with the windows down the music is not playing at all!!
And Sleeping With Sirens and Mayday Parade.
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 23
not really a fan of #wshh. but a big fan of your game!
Ooh, I didn't mean to put my name there....blonde moment, sorry!
River City,would you like to come see and hear some authentic Lynyrd Skynrd music???
Has more than 15,000,000 followers! #dang! U ROCK :) <3333333 Love ur bigger fan Ps, you go man widd those followers keep
Ah...Anne Curry...yeah, um, high waisted skirts don't translate as cute when you are sitting at an anchor desk.
RT : Life is good today in Goodyear AZ. Play ball. (via ) - great way to spend a Friday. Nice! Way jealous here
Screw the Playoffs this Sat nite with live show feat #CodeWhiskey acoustic set and The Smick Brothers 10pm 21+ $5.
Thank you AGAIN for spoiling my daughter with another T-shirt !! #GoBucksGo :-)
My boss is a self-proclaimed booty bounty hunter (ah)
Booked ABC's Primetime TV Show "WHAT WOULD U DO?" filming Wednesday 7/20! Look for me soon!
'fOrward' is a horrible campaign slogan if you're targeting job creators. hint:
I see you mentioned ur engagement pics. Congratulations! FYI we are giving away a wedding veil on my blog if ur interested.
Board Certified and Fellowship Trained Orthopedic Surgeons take you through an IME clinical examination
Off work sitting in parking lot waiting on my nigga to come out listening to music got a lot on my mind!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> Smh
man, we have l4d2 but no one in the office will play it with me :( maybe we could 2 boxes 4 players?
Imma see what my cousins doing this week and play cod mw3 over there
I hear you. it's also good because he talks about organizing courses around inquiry.
I may have unlocked the Birdie Badge, but I opened with a triple bogey.
Ending the night with my longtime friend #Benadryl. Boo allergies!
Bill 21:Alberta Wills&Succession Act has changed. Have your will reviewed to ensure there are no surprises. Need a will? Talk to me.
Thanks for the inspiration. Your quote re: Lin "we ache for real magic" keeps echoing in my head.
Satellite of Love...
probably Saturday , before noon .
SuperImpaCtbootKamp! Follow us on and tweet "I WANT 1 FREE WEEK OF BOOTCAMP" www.superimpactbootkamp.com
I hate when my stomach hurts like this
junior ring? Ugh
Giving some away via Twitter later this afternoon. might be nicer and just let you have them tho :)
My reply is that except (apparently) for when I was 3, I have never worn heels ever ;)~
: hey:) What are some good songs?
I wonder if would do it. She just moved to NYC but spent 5+ yrs in PHX. Want to do a PHX cityguide B?
Video: Interracial Dating: "White Men Do Not Want A White Girl Who Dates Black Boys.White Girls Who Date Black Men Are Fat & Nasty
Family, God, & Honor.
I'm bout to work 8 days straight smh
happy thursday meridith and friends
no, hence why I bitch about her here
Very nice, ur a lucky man.
... my beloved Broncos have a winning record AND it's almost Christmas!
It is inner stillness that will save and transform the world.~Eckhart Tolle
So the martial law test was playing Paparazzi by Lady Gaga in background, on direct tv at least. how appropriate.
I honestly haven't looked at my team once since we drafted
Just remember; someone loves everything you hate about yourself.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when a condom or sexual commercial comes on T.V and ur parents are in the room O__0
ps rudy reminds me a little bit of hufflepuff and by extension you
A major weakness of mine? Staying grounded..
yes i just did IM impressed on how regular it is lmao nicki is usually crazy but I LOVES IT
I'm sorry, but I just don't understand the appeal of Instagram. A cheesy way to post poor quality pics to twitter (basically)?
Well, it's 1 am and i'm still up... on a school night. #IveBeenPlayingTempleRun :^P goodnite <U+2665>
the fact that i will be at millvale practice tomorrow >>>>>> <U+2764><U+26BE>
Here comes a kid without his shoes says hes here for the show, 'sorry kid , chris drew's enough for this world!'
Brad Pitt scooped best actor at the New York Film Critics Circle Awards on Monday for his performance in Moneyball and Tree of Life.
Working on a group page and a like page as we speak. A place where Talent from all around the world will get noticed.
awww we miss you too, but at least we don't open at midnight or something crazy...still 8AM-5:30PM on Fri Nov. 25
New year resolutions failed in a row , as of jan 2nd.
hahahahahahaha that just made me lmbo
Making your car keys disappear
Good Morning Welcome to our twinning tweets & watch out for our competition to win 2 tickets to Last Night of Proms in Newark.
i hope is okaay! hows your mouth?
I'll follow you back, will that make you feel better?
Thank you sir!
It is easy for me to love myself, but for ladies to do it is another question altogether
: Sad day bro... Junior Seau found dead!
Good luck with your interview!
Thank you so much! Happy Weekend! RT #FF Because she generous and funny!
what wink lol.
I'm great! I'm pretty amazing actually :) How are u Liza?
Agreed. The spare tire really makes it special, and the gold plating ups the class.
It's #Aloha Friday and we're thinking there's no better time to book a massage at Ho'ola #Spa than right now! Are you in?
The government spends tax money on the most ridiculous shit.
Chrome: Fastest on Macs, Favorite on Weekends?
if you could go anywhere in the world, where would you go? <21
:) Okay I might.
So nervous for this ranger game #anxiety they better win
#NW John Carter
man twitter deleted us as friends cuhz where dw do that at????
Thank you for the great food at #TEDxSummit at
Jumping in head-first! Squee!
Hello, wonderful weekend! Saturday morning at the Lowertown farmer's market, followed by a swim. Productive start to the day & I like it.
Enjoyin my new fone just a tad bit more
“What we must decide is how we are valuable rather than how valuable we are.” ~ Edgar Z. Friedenberg
RT : It's just a matter of time, 'til you find, he's no good, girl. -Carrie Underwood
Friday in Vegas! Who's getting crazy?!?!
Carter is working us to the bone right now.
() At Mt. Vernon a visitor asked "where's the mountain?" When told there isn't one she asked "then where are the faces?"
nigga idc about what Jc tells you while you give him dome.
I wish I was going to the game tonight ! Oh well I'll watch it on tv! #blackandyellowpride !
hates it when the people who should be tryin' to make your life easier are the ones who are makin' it harder!
We'll be rocking Carne Cruda Classic COMPLETE tonight at Disco Volante
did nick follow u
first outdoor practice today. Now the REAL season starts
y havent u looked me up. Ive called, but to no avail....silence.
I would but I have a shoot in the city at 3. Nothing caps off a workout at the gym like pancakes and swine.
Willie B what's good!
Plectrum's next monthly Singer-Songwriter Showcase Series will be held on Thursday 11-3-11 starting at 8pm at Club Bohemia downstairs at th…
In an effort to fill your home with the sounds of the holiday...join us on WFYI 90.1 FM - tomorrow at 8pm for Festival of Carols.
Go ahead lol its not like they are watching you, hell if you can go on stage and preform then you can drive hAHA
Union Rags, Creative Cause, Alpha, Sabercat are my 4 ponies <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B4>
is awesome! Thanks for following
Trying out a way to cover my wrist tattoo but now it feels like its covered in itchy tape
thanks for the great insights you gave at the crowdfunding meetup at the Santa Monica Apple Store. Great stuff!
Just started Buried Secrets today, expecting another great book from
"A heartbreak is a gift from god. It's just his way of letting you know he saved you from the wrong one" <3
lol! “: Told the cat I'd buy her a diamond-studded litter box if I won the #megamillions. (I don't play the lottery.) #lyingtopets”
Off topic, but CM Ashby is looking slim and trim. Not sure what last 10 lbs she's talking about!
I'm sleeping while my moms texting and driving.... Lemme wake my ass up
hey joe what's up. My fam havin a super bowl party then. We should get up soon
You never know as much as you think you do
I am getting so dark from the sun! Im about to be chocolate instead of orange, my native Mexican color!
when will you set up a night event? I could drive up and hang for a bit.
Thanks so much for coming out to hear us! We'll forward the compliment on to Paige. :)
All packed up and leaving. Good bye BSU, hello summer.
Scum of the earth, to all of the slime. Just because I'm fucking earning what's mine.
Chronicle is a crazy movie! I wish I had powers that would be pretty cool
i know u aint talkin bout me... last time I checked Ninja isnt 2 workds.. so uh uh uh hush.
A positive mind brings nothing but positive things good afternoon everyone
Hey haha ya I figured that out after I sent that!! AWESOME I will follow them!!!!
A block away from the fire there was a triple shooting. Oh, this will be an interesting night on the ambulance.
BiblioBazaar: a non-traditional publishr with almost as many 2009 titles as all the traditional publshrs combined http//tinyurl.com/y3f38c5
This is a test...
TY! #SafeTY is not an accident.
A wins a win in the playoffs..and we were up by double digits the whole gm until the end
Best battle rappers RIGHT NOW. DNA, TSU SURF, CHARLIE CLIPS. nobodys fucking with them
Such an absolutely beautiful day today in Vegas. I am so so so thankful.
Which lines have been running infrequently? We have gotten almost no complaints. I will gladly work on this with some direction
The waiting game sucks, but I do like making informed decisions about my health.
please follow she is you biggest fan!10
I hope Gov. Christi got to stop at Mars Cheese Castle as a reward for stumping for
It drives me crazy that flickr's "Sign Up" link is pink and not the "Sign In" link. I nearly click it *every* time.
Fresh Kid Ice reporting for RT : Update: Report of Derrick Rose's injury was premature; his status is unknown
I hate seeing friends taken advantage of.
we're looking for more! Paid positions for sales. Send good candidates our way!
WVU is going to allow beer sales during games...this is going to end badly lol.
They say snow in NYC today. Maybe. I'd be pleased if they'd turn on the heat. So would the cats.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts HDE 7" Tablet Stand with USB Keyboard - Black Faux Leather Carrying Case
I need to do something different with my hair <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087>
not my horse, he's a friend of the family's horse. But I believe he has some thoroughbred n him!! He's sweet! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
GM, Happy Wednesday & Happy Lets get focused day b/c the week is almost over with
hey sexy, u should dm me sometime
GAY PEOPLE, IS THE REASON WHY I BREATHE.
How was ur dayy(; & do you remember me from the greet and meet in Chicago? Tweet bck pleasee
In class watchin somebody help me!!!...
Love when people don't call me back on days I have to shoot news packages! Makes my job so much easier.
"Let the right one in" is a good vampire movie. What makes it scary is that its in Swedish so everyone sounds like theyre talking backwards
They Have To Find Out Who Kidnapped Me First.....
What a nice day it is...great day for some baseball
Awhhhh(: Thanks you! <3 Austin love you too though, he loves all his Mahomies!!(:
Direct Message Us for Discounts at MusicalStop.com ! The one Stop shopw for Independent Artists!
Tip of the day: it is hard to see the bright side of things when the sun is not out.
you ARE love, darling.
Everytime I think of that "2 girls & 1 Cup" video I want to throw tha f*** up
and to anyone who thinks i look like her is nuts lol
My name is Edmond, it's nice to meet you both.
I found out the name of the song it's called midnight city by M83 #justsaying hahaha :P
I am cravin' a burger! RT will be at tonight! We hope to see you all there.
#Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words: #Three Words:
YT has search opportunities not available anywhere else.why do news orgs insist on death-gripping on to their content? "control"?
Only took me three times. That's pretty good!
come on MIA is a bad girl!! I <3 her
Thank you for the RT!
At the Hannah house to celebrate 's birthday...again. That's what she gets for having a busy cousin - 3 birthdays!
I arrive Wed: reception at 5:30. Thurs: panel at 10 AM: Girls with Grit. Signing at 3 PM, TLA Aisles #TXLA12. If you see me say howdy.
haha I know... and it sees frequent use. But paid for it so my lifetime boycott is in tact.
Lávate los dientes! = brush your teeth! (command)
Thats good to hear :)
"You will seek me and find me when you seek me with all your heart. I will be found by you," declares the Lord... Jeremiah 29:13-14
Entire paragraph one sentence and no punctuation. Brb dying on the inside
I do not understand hoarding!
Boozer can get that all night! Step it up Booz!
Be sure to stop by the movie tonight, guys! :-)
The kids these days are calling it swag I call it trillness RT : be prepared to be ragged on for days
Looked up publisher info from my vegetarian and allergy cookbooks today. Good info to know!
: if you have a moment, and I just sent you an e-missive and could really use your input! Merci bien!
they haven't been out of 1st rd since 1997 RT : Ecuador losing to Brasil.....-____- lol that was expected tho.
Let's Go Sixers
hope everything goes good
Cinco De Mayo...wow, what a day it will be. Join us tomorrow for $1 House Margs and our special Taco Pizza.
RT : "Achieving starts with believing." ~Unknown #quote RT
HEYHEYHEY! I love you too (:
how do private investors get in on this
I love the original Highlander movie.
ah...not really...just slightly more endearing than that. But only slightly ... haha.
I would LOVE to hear #wits every weekend. Maybe it will be the successor to PHC?
Left early from school :)
Twitter + Ideas + Collaboration = brilliant. Any PDX local biz that wants approx 1000-2000 new customers let me know! Love to connect!
Nope. Not what I mean at al.
ur link is dubious - it does not go to my content - please stop spamming the #genealogy and #1940census community!
bieber is mine
OL500 and IT500. We need to register in the same class this week !
-- VERY BUSY DAY TODAY!! I WILL BE TAPING A "NASHVILLE LATIN XPRESS" CHRISTMAS SPECIAL. STAY TUNED FOR FURTHER ANNOUNCEMENTS ON THIS...
It's that time again! Make your way down now because Family Night has started. When you purchase and Adult Entree get a free 4pc. Kids...
#Orioles say "C Ya" 2 bust Brad Beregesen. Just 17-24 w/ team. Most remembered 4 blowing out arm in commercial. Marty Cordova lol @ that
sunny nails
RT : Don't forget to register for New Wave of Journalism, SPJ regional conference. Early bird discount ends Mar 30....
hustlas move bricks , gangstas bang hammers .
Morning everyone have a great day today
Hey Everyone! Hope your New Year is off to a great start! I'm personally looking forward to a promissing 2012.
on naming drinks @ the bar
Doug Wood D.O., Senior VP - Academic Affairs, awards John Crosby with honorary degree from ATSU.
Bishop is touching and agreeing with the destiny that God has for your life.
starting a movie making project for my kids based on the book they read... any suggestions?
Hello #NashaRashaNYC Followers have a great day!
tell Tammy her favorite nephew said happy birthday!!
I LOVE this story so much your so awesome at making stories!!!:D
hey sweety! How are you?
really! it was actually sunny on mine, my friend had her eyes closed when he took the photo, its so funny!
How do you send an automatic direct mention to new followers?
pray about it then it might happen
when I ask for a favor there should never be a why… like past the salt, some one say ''why?'' BITCH… WHY NOT ! !
You should use that quote during our panel on the 15th.
Uuuugghghgh this is why i hate trains!
I hate those dreams that are so very plausible in reality then you wake up thinking it really happened. Annoying!
Awww .... So sorry I wasn't what you expected! ... lmfao
let's go watch a movie:D Me,you,your boyfriennn&&mabe my lover:b If he's not mad at me>.<
you could of asked nicer you fuckin jerk =)
I got something epic. Couldn't lock down the end. It has strong character roots.
working at BTS exhibit at Transportation Research Board conference all day.
I don't know what it is about flying , but I always feel *safer.* And yay for a half-full plane! California, here I come.
TGIF! Have a good day everyone!
Or just Cabin In The Woods is fine. :)
RT : Not a serif font to be found here. :)
kayla, don't we all ?
Ok, you sound good, yo. Thank you. Really. This is my FAVORITE CURE SONG.
If I've been playing campaign offline due to online issues, will my ranking stats still load up on multiplayer online?
you sure? *threading rope through my fingers*
Aw! thank you Mr. Hudson. :) RT : Happy bday to the sweetest person ever ;)
Fine guess i'll eat some cereal without you.
You are not in this world to live up to other people’s expectations, nor should you feel the world must live up to yours – F Perl.
Can't wait for Midnight in Wilmington at the DCCA!
Hi saw you tonight
Live. Now. Listen. www.iphoneslutz.com - iPhone app reviews from people who know and love apps (a little too much).
YES! Are u guys enjoying it so far??
between classes....wokin' on my REAL master plan...
Give us 3 years of Romney, & he'll put Bush's recession 2 shame. 1% will feast on th misfortunes of the mid class, & O will not rescue us.
see you all on the dark side of the moon (:
Finally started watching Planet Earth. It's incredibly awesome.
#initiative The biggest lesson bands/artists can learn. Get out there and make it happen for yourself. No one can hand you success.
:) hope so. Yeah they are contracting the former operations manager to come in and train me for a few saturdays. I'm on my..
I'm just going to send my hologram to work in my place for the rest of the week. He's the other half amazing.
rite here boo
so 2 stories to tell you already
This one belongs to the Reds!!!!
Thanks to everyone who braved the cold weather and stopped by our booth at the Ohio Baseball Coaches Convention!
Thanks so much for the RT! Enjoy!!! -Kevin
YUM! Try it with SPORTea too for a little different taste
Getting the MAJOR run-around from our travel broker. Meanwhile, we're stuck in Bangkok.
Why is it that a few weeks before school starts is when summer really begins ?
that's the first time i've been called that before...
does anyone drink tuaca in this state?
We are going, so if you happen to be in town...
More rain!! Ah
HAPPY B-DAY TO
Take care to reduce any inflammation you may have due to allergies. Mint is very good for this, in strong tea.
Who got me on a wake up call though?
You shoulda seen JaVale before media training... he was cussing and screaming... it was sad... RT Ever heard of media training?
HA!!! RT : I swear virtual meetings = me not paying attention... until they call my name then I ask them to repeat the question lol
And I thought #biggestloser was your favorite show RT : getting ready to watch breaking bad!!
Threadbare old tomcat Snores all spring in the rocker Mewing like a child
What happened to the chick from TacoCat?
i will be broke after graduation lol oh gosh either way im excited for six flags :)
Haha RT : I Cried When Knicks Fans Thought They Was Gone Win !
ok. Cool. I'll let you know the time can come to
in my office watching old episodes of Cheers and Laverne and Shirley
Aww, thanks so much, love! did a great job and he picked it out by himself! :)
i have 5 more lazy Minutes fuck off !
alright well I'll be there at about 830 or 9
Pieces of Me (Imagination and Contemplation) Book 2---You're going to love it! Now available on Amazon.com and www.lewhagood.com
the bullpen is spectacular! me and my friends know these aren't the same Orioles :)
Good morning everyone
LOL...she did. The, "Daddy you said..." line shuts me down every time. Then it becomes...just do what I asked. LOL.
Pretty sure I wanna fuck forever love
Thanks for your help Joel, Have him follow me and I'll give him all the info. We'll take good care of him.
Hey #Cleveland history folks, any insights/materials on the Hanna, Roxy, and Lyceum theater bombings in the 1970s?
art class swag :)
Good music, good people, good weather, good day at the Riverdale MD Arts Fest...thank you for your hospitality
My moms car battery died while she wasn't even using it.
A lazy Saturday off. I'll let all the drunken 'woo Vegas' yokels have the #blackjack tables to themselves today. :)
Oh no you didn't bitchh
ya buddy! Celebrating 2 year anniversary and seeing my 2 month old nephew.
hooray! my boyfriend is the best...related: I am overjoyed to be going back to this year.Lemme know if you will be there.
Yesterday I learned a lesson that's sinking in: Sometimes you can't redeem yourself you just have to let go. I'm becoming a grownup!
lmao omg i forgot all about that ! who was that "girl" i cant remember who it was lol.and we have so many memories its cray
Also reading bell hooks's _Teaching to Transgress_ which is so illuminating. Helps inform my style of pedagogy as collaboration w/ students.
actually this is false. There is no one named Qwert Yuiop
Hey - I have an extra ff ticket for tomorrow. Free if you want it.
check out the great music on www.livefromdarylshouse.com ! epic collaborations
I just gave someone on the street directions! I apparently live here for real now!
hey I heard everything went great! Congrats and keep me posted when audio becomes available!
That inner blonde moment when the article of clothing you're looking for is on your body.
Celtics in 5. Unless Rondo gets thrown out, then the Celtics will sweep,
I vote yes.
New Opportunities come your way!
The time difference is killing me this AM. It also could've been the shots...
April 14, 6pm, #CUNY Grad Center: Martin Schain (NYU), Explaining Transatlantic Differences in the Immigration Debate.
Still have it in stores I think :)
super yummy! Thanks for writing about it!
Amare's braids are controlling his mind. That's why he punched that glass.
Ayo Nation..Stand Up!
And back to you I'm fucking obsessed with #UnderTheMistletoe it gives me a
Thank You for making my friend 's day by singing Happy Birthday to her. You made her cry!
Rain rain go away. Come again - never!
Why is it that every barista has better handwriting on the side of a cup than i do on paper! #whatsyoursecret!
I miss Whitney Houston so much!.. Random thoughts," SPARKLE"... A Winner & A Classic....Love u Whitney!
Good Morning Lisa. Thanks for bringing this to our attention. Are you able to confirm what event this is happening to?
Wow. I have a daily "cheat" as long as it fits in my macros and calories. I even behave on holidays.
of course & ate our brownies. I'll see them Thursday!
Today is a great day to SMILE!
Sometimes all you need to do is shift your focus to get a different result.
did you say free mulch?? where???
So excited for the FMM Innovation Summit tomorrow w/ and !
I've got "screw you alarm clock" covered!
Just watched the recap video on Congrat , on your induction into the International Sports Hall of Fame. Great story!
Don't play the game if all you're going to do is lose.
are you guys gonna be on warped this year?? :)
I have so much of this constant want of satisfaction on my mine, and #I WONT STOP TILL I GET IT TEAMMILITANT I WANNA GO
1 more follower for 300 so keep following :) i follow back :)
what now? Nj bound?
lol wat kind of bs language is that
Thanks for the follow! Hope you enjoyed the conference.
I love skittles <3
I got a new book and I can't seem to put it down. That's the problem with slathering one's hands with rubber cement before touching things.
It's cherry blossom season in DC!
Watching Family Guy...stupid funny lol
After watching this interview, I believe I just developed a lot respect and admiration for
hahaha I called it out of curiosity....busy tone! ;P
I kno a few who r bi p & r crazy as fuck cuz they don't take there meds my guess is bipolar schitsophrenic w dilusional lol
... A wonderful evening for certain for those who are able to attend!
How did i NOT KNOW that was on twitter?
Oh no. Suggs tore his achilles playing basketball.
No CES for me this year. If you're going, hope you enjoy it.
We're like dominos I fall for you but you fall for another.
Drinking a perfect for cold weather Storm King. Bought my second case of it this winter yesterday to close out the cold weather
I need 3 friends over ..1 bring a blender 2 bring tequila 3 bring margarita mix LOL
Eh but .. No pain no game right ?
#rbs11 tells the long & fascinating story of recovery of Gibson's e-poem Agrippa. Google "online archive of agrippa."
Sitting in NY wondering about civil society builders in Pakistan. Came upon a mind-blowing org called T2F. dying to chat with you!
Great read, Diane! Now if we get rid of Terry Grier at HISD and his VAM garbage that district can get rid of another vampire.
I love <3
Good luck to student's starting classes today. Hope Hurricane Irene didn't cause too many delays.
Inside job: U.S. track&#39;s CEO search finally ends
Great news! I'm now accepting credit card payments. Powered by www.squareup.com. Square is safe and secure.
i love this day
YaHyUh...cant wait 4 V & M to get BEAT THE F*#K UP...! lol talking all that jUnk!hahahahaha
And Oscar jumped on the bed an I got up an jumepd off my bed and the stupid arch framein my room And I hit my hand
i love that face! xD
It's really sad how most of y'all are making fun of being pregnant. It's her life so stfu!
Lolls (: Yes i Love that Name . But Wassssssssupppp Today ?
Activists: Despite truce, Syria troops attack Homs - The Associated Press
I miss my phat mama
We are gonna have to spend every day together! Today was priceless!! (:
So I'm turning in "early" this morning. Mixing and mastering my new single-"Makin' Love" Soon to be available for Download,
happy birthday wishes to looking forward to the #sunsetsessions keynote conversation with this am.
My nose seems determined to go all ' code milky green' on me.
aww thanks & happy belated to you Taurus-Sister :)
Feeling alone.. The Army's up the road. Salvation a la mode and a cup of tea..
thank you :) <3
I will shoot her a call, I have no voicemails from her.
just a warning: my next few tweets will be about the thunder and mavs game.
Grouposts is coming...
Amazon will let me create an instance with bad account information, but they won't let me connect to it?
Good luck!! He will!
she made my day with that :)
Free downloads this week!!! :)
Listened to Blue Slide Park twice so far. Think it's great! Great job Mac!
The "Occupy Your Mind" is amazing! Everyone check out 's tour mates, & ! :)
I DONT HATEE ON BOY'S WITH TRAMP STAMPS
Never give in to those who bully U. Always stand by UR convictions &always support who work beside U. Never 4get 2 respect whose taught U.
In my J Cole bag(;
wow, can't wait to hear about how it goes this time... I'm seriously considering it when I can afford it!
ShOw YouR MoM some Love! #MothersDay gift cards available,
If I'm already over my data limit, what will happen if I occasionally get on twitter without wifi?
Don't miss my #waronwomen ad, "Fighting Back" running tonight on CNN & MSNBC. Watch out between 6:30 and 10:30 tonight.
The things I do 4 him he just don't understand or do the same it's like he's not there 4 me anymore <U+E058>
Jst Got Dat Take Care & Cole World
my bad
the toilet scene in dumb & dumber always kills me...watching it now. heh.
#FF Thanks for mentions, retweets: - all great resources.
I'm thinking about getting some Keds. Hmm.
yea I saw
LUCASS YOU FUCKINNGG AWESOMMEE IF YOU RETWEET THIS YOU WILL MAKE MY YEAR!!! ONLY ONE BUTTON!
When I said 'death' before 'dishonor', I meant alphabetically.
When's you birthday?
By all means! Mighty kind of you, thanks! I've until we launch down river on June 16 (Thats the last day I can raise funds 2 win)
So now would be a bad time to brag about getting to go home and hack some C for my Friday night? Cuz I'm excited about it.
You're too sweet! RT : thank you once again solidifying why you are the
My camera/s will be in SD, and I will be in LA this weekend. That is a good thing.
- keep doing what you do - #PatriotsNation is proud of you! See you in September!
Ambassador Ebrahim Rasool: globalization has brought great inequality to those who are not qualified to participate
hey man, happy holidays!
I'm ready for our track meet today!.
Happy #MarathonMonday! We'll be live tweeting our runners' locations all day!
Hi Kelly. Thanks for the follow.
mentioned you in a song I wrote! Details soon!! You rock!
Today Has Been Fucken Amazin! I Never Seen So Much Talent In One Room Among Teens Which Pushes Me Even More.
I just checked in at The Falls (8888 S.W. 136th St, Miami) on
i miss you too <3
I Takes A Lot 2 Say I Care N Less 2 Say I Don't Give A Fuck.
its freaking ridiculous!!!!
WHO SAY DAT MY GOONZ AIN'T SHOOTING ... WHO SAY THAT THE REAL NIGGAS DNT SALUTE ME !!!
Is today an a b or c day
I would never! Omg it's so nice out you better be on that bike :p
Happy Birthday to me...my tweethearts!
Hope everyone had a great time this past weekend! Make sure to keep dry on your rides this week!
Yup was right Candy Chang was the sleeper presentation of the #caprsa conference!
Damn you sports radio. Damn you!
definitely the time zones. Also I sort of chepovetskied, didn't even tweet yesterday! (Well, almost...) Tomorrow?
When girls come into my life i usually don't give em the time of day, but you were different. To bad you walked away
i can install the full version of MSO pro , reply if interested
Bumble Bee Blazer from yes
sending you a hug
Aww Happy Birthday !!! I love you so much!!
Its amazing how the only mate I can rely on and trust is Ashleigh.
Hi!! Miss you too!
biking right down from Soros Land.
He who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
are you post rapturing in KC or Detroit?
: If you're talking about Thompson's Point of View's old spot, that would be The Neighbor Lady. Same owner of Twilight.
okay i'm back
Back into the world of Hammock.
Awesome! Will do just waiting for the mixdown...
I know!! Its blowing me away!! I was swimming last weekend, now I need to go back and pull out winter clothes! Ha!
Some sad stuff of how now I finished my homework and studying
Live n relive the rev in my dreams
16 years but he still declining as he should with age But it's hitting Wade earlier cuz of the beating he took going way back
whats next is you go shopping and get a new hair do.
": One of these days I'm gonna take $100 and buy all the candy I want at the Sweet Factory." Change that to taco bell..
Internet isn't working and a technician has to come out. Yay.
That was cool.
Didn't realize they were *all* up for sale. Wow. Remember when it was the Seven Gables chain?
love curry ANYTHING.
wi, nw, and minn, appealed together to have burst able to change, choose uw.
Need a court reporter for depositions in Milwaukee Wisconsin? Brown & Jones has complimentary conference rooms with HD videoconferencing.
The essence of #cinema is #editing -
... Free life coaching. It seems that mindset is such a great barrier!
Rumors? impressive bitch. at least you're spreading something other then your legs.
So is no1 answering my calls today?
If you want something bad enough. Get on out there and hate the sh** out of it. ...this is so inspiring *tear* ty dane robbins :D
girl Ikr! Mine felt good bc I had some like real nappy roots!
stop assuming shit . witcha insecure ass .
She who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
looking for dinner suggestions that can be delivered..
I am a friend of Jann Scott. I worked with him closely for over 10 years in the '80s and '90. I like him a lot. Thank you.
That's great! We should sponsor some events together in the near future.
Wonderful show tonight, I loved the "living room talk." It made my day. :)
CTU supports impact of art on learning. We say longer school day can help bring art to all. http%3A%2F%2Fbit.ly%2FjHDQS4
what a beautiful day in Seattle... Dog walk is on the radar.
Yeah, I'm mad that I had their other album on my dead laptop iTunes... so listening to older one. Brilliant.
You can't be the same height as me and expect to be wearing "the pants."
Splintering of formats erodes universality of access per in order to take advantage of advanced, varied platform capabilities.
well it's cold in here so you know what that means. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I dont even want to finish watching the game. Ive been sad all day, & watching them lose is just making it worse.
what'd they say?
ik do u also pee in a coconut
And in this fashion I continued to learn to be an electrician
RT : Biz Dev...How do you expect to grow your business if either you never answer the phone or don't return phone calls?
Cool I'll check it out :)
Tired of being the bad guy
what time does the game start on the west coast? Heats vs knicks
great articles art, places & ad's - What's new - that I should pick up or see this week? "like" Cool #mags.. online blogs...
If you facilitate a seminar discussion on zines, you gotta make one with your classmates. Experiential knowledge is a feminist act, y'all.
Pray for Haiti
We like the hashtag #fridayreads, except here it's also
I am not much of crier. I teared up but I wasn't sobbing.
Although it's Friday the 13th, you're in luck...Get 15% off when u mention MrBills(offer excludes tobacco, cigars & kratom)!
Borrowing library assumes responsibility for items from the time it leaves lender until it gets bach to lender.
lets get it booming
Thanks.there is a reason our program won the most games in 22yrs. You want players to believe in u then u have 2 show u care
I would totally pay for one like that. Today, it was just good fortune.
Everybody knows sweet cream tastes better, right?
#oomf should literally just not be apart of #oomf's life anymore.
yeah buddy ! Wait , your doiing track o_O ?
Reached out 2 you on FreedomRiders. Not sure if you are a member of cultureID (it's free!). If not, pls join & write abt
you want history? Derby County is one of the original founding teams of the FA.
Teaching 8am class this morning
Beiber looks stoned.
Not having met either in person, I think looks like
I agree RT : Definitely make sure you have the face-to-face contact, not just emails, to introduce new staff to clients!
Those lines on my back window are heated??? What the fuck...
#raw10 NCAA makes Billions of $ off of Student athletes, but if student tak any $, there r severe penaltys. If this isnt Pimpin, what is it?
Ma$e back huh? Mase said after that studio pic surfaced last wk he got a Maybach, a Maybach chain and 20 beats from Kaynye..dats love
My throat hurts. .__.
Lars thinks he looks cool rolling the peace sign backwards & horizontally. Maybe you'll look cool too? Give it a shot.
thank-you for the kind words! Hope you can hit some shows when you visit
TODAY from 3:30 - 4:30 in the Commons join Reforma for their El Salvador Labor Conditions talk!
BUST THAT PUSSY OPEN FROM THE BACK
24 Hours Until Tax Day: 7 Reasons We Procrastinate (and How It Costs Us)
Follow Me & Then ill Follow Bck :)
Trying to decide between a travel destination for next Fall. London, Boston, New York or Austin? Ah, why can't I be in four places at once.
Sibu know she is ROCKIN her weight loss success!! She has only been apart of the SBC family since January (just short of 90 days). HAVE...
Leg 17 done!
An absolutely gorgeous day in #Vegas!
then you are even!
Happy Birthday #69 #GeorgeHarrison Rest In Peace.
Pulitzer?!? is a rag and nothing more than a trashier version of People magazine.
Hormone headaches = Lucifer's contribution to the creation of women. curling up in a ball and never moving.
Tailgating of the future is here. www.slyderfootball.com
thank you, that would be wonderful! How should we get the info to you? Email?
Tweet me "Mikey" and i'll tweet Mikey for you!
RT : I find it hard to be around people who aren't enthusiastic about the things they love.
Im glad and i can relate.
Either someone is breaking in or my dog is chewing on the house now. Guess she ran out of bushes and flowers to eat..
hah i want a rabbit
Absolutely need more "pencil ready projects" started in iur nation! #aia2012 Every $1 in buildings is 20 Americans working!
Last night out n about wit ma bitchez <U+E32D><U+E41C>
We are on pace for me to talk for 10 minutes. Love demeanor and patience. Time to roll.
Taking reservations today for auto repair or oil changes for the upcoming week. I come to your office, home of buisness.No mess!
Learnin bout some soul music! Great stuff!
have you talked to Sam?
And more! I'll be passing on Practical Veterinary Urinalysis...
Meeting with to discuss next months Keith's Corner drink! Find out more when our site goes live in December!
Then what do you do when terrorized by Killer Rabbits?
How About a rep meeting if we are already following is that possible?
Oh & I don't wanna hear divorce is contributing to bankruptcy!! My godfather Tom Joyner been divorced TWICE and is still sittin on 50+ mil
First dates are awkward, first kisses are heavenly, first loves irreplaceable, first heartbreaks are unforgettable
holy. cow. cabin. in. the. woods.
#RIPJuniorSeau but I feel even more sorry 4 his kids
Cubs beat the Red Sox today, it's always a good day when the Cubs win!!!
Help! I need my reading glasses to see what strength my reading glasses are.
I'm so glad its almost Friday .
yes haha. so NOW I'm going to sleep. Tweet you tomorrow :)
And don't worry about tiny Dinah getting bullied. I went to art school. I was one of the cool kids.
i found you....now send for me, please....
That you made an excellent first impression
I don't know y'all but dudes a baller, period. On a team full of playmakers stands out
Justin Mellette drops some knowledge and moderates the Harlem Renaissance roundtable.
To this draft PC 2012 get money stay out of Trouble....please Kirkpatrick my dude.... Allot of top qbs still there and linemen wow....diff
Thank you. You will be a great mom. You have a great mom that you have learned from. You will see :)
Even greater than my desire to never be a sales person, is my desire to not be sold to.
Noticed same thing at midday even on weekdays. Whole diff experience to be only person in line at security.
I'm glad soccer coaches don't wear headsets like NFL coaches...makes them look they can't make decisions without asking somebody else.
just met 's Eric. Cool dude. Great ESB.
amanda show!
I honestly can not stop listening to your version of Perfect.
"drinking wine spo dee o dee" :-)
Remember, detachment is just letting go with love.
TODAY, MARIETTA SQUARE....GOING ON NOW.....WINGS AND ROCK FEST. Might be on my way.
Can't wait to see "8: The Mormon Proposition" when it hits theaters (& pay-per-view) next week - www.mormonproposition.com
Why are Cheddar Bob and the Cylon robbing banks?
Lol deion better hand me some sesame place tickets since he work there now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE!!! Have a GREAT DAY tomorrow! Find those eggs and bring a bunch over at my place, lol! HAPPY EASTER ALL!!! :)
Jancis says she is really enjoying Twitter & she's almost to 100k followers.
Thanks Scrap. My Uncle, James "Chizzie" Vuono wanted me to say hello.
where you headed to now reverend?
I think your Twitter account has been hacked -- I just got a strange DM from you.
Well I need to wash clothes so i got some thongs to wear for tomorrow lmao
C'mon UNITED!!! We can do this!!
Thanks Debra...I get to celebrate for 5 more days? Woo hoooo..lol
lol. gotcha...will hit you in a few...
Chiana:I apologize in advance for what you are going to have to do to get your diamond ring back.
Get it in my dudes!
#INLegis "smokefree" exemptions turn nursing homes into "need-more-nursing" homes. Sick air = more sick care.
According to Facebook now has 901 million users. Wow!
#teenwolf fan forever & always <U+2665>
welcome I like chicks In of shirts
Tuesday Sports Fix IRA a serious Olympic threat, Carney close to Origin debut, Muamba discharged, and a crazy NHL brawl. Get your Sports
I AM The I AM That I AM
I think things would be easier is we could fly :D
At #OccupyDOJ, on mcing the event, calling for an end to mass incarceration
tell me I'm the best rite now
Want to know how to find your next home in 7 days or less GUARANTEED? 1-800-731-7041 ext. 0017
": People who wait 3 hours to reply to a text with "lol" should be shot."
Is Aubrey really leaving?! :0) Don't stumble on the way out Dearie.
Had coffee today and got my wall st paper.
Thanks for sharing our deal. Thoughts about the service so far?
Stories on every #NFL team in 1 place-USSportspages.com
thank you for the rt!
substantial. I am in you.
Did I really waste this much paper on an ap course description?!
HAHAHAHA! RT : Facebook is down. Expect a huge spike in births in nine months.
vermont syrup... grade B - or at least DARK AMBER
just saw the bayou. nothing is left. it's gone.
The fact that I have another year left in school aggravates me.
"bynum, what was up with your shoddy PnR defense?" "uh what? um i can't hear you next question"
if you mess up, he might beat you.
Did he see The Color Purple? That counts too.
There goes the 2012 draft.
supposed to. Hope you guys luck out of it too!
Beauty is not caused.It is~Emily Dickinson
It looks like rain
All three of our lawyers have been named top attorneys in Washington, D.C. and Maryland's Super Lawyers magazine for 2007, 2008 and 2009.
Back to my quiet house for some Netflix and a bowl of cereal. This is my life.
"Political Philosophy: From Plato to Mao" - Perfect handbook. Locke, Confusius, Hobbes, Smith, Marx, and many more!
Talking sports w Jason n Deb in a few. Tune in to hear Deb tune out.
Plug your electronics into power strips.
A real man gives his girl the attention she deserves, gives her all of his love, calls her beautiful, and treats her like a queen.
I look forward to being in the presence of you and this summer. Miss yallls strange understanding of the other...
My single what? RT : RT if your Single <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Cool? Gotta link?
do you have an American importer?
Stop being a bitch. God damn.
Thanks for the RTs. Have a great weekend!
Next stop is Three Sisters Vineyards on June 3-5! It's an awesome event near Dahlonega, Georgia.
It says you're not following me <sniff>
Type "Let it Snow" into Google, your browser ... it gets snowy.
stay asking ppl to Skype and oovoo but but be mad if i say hi to another female
chillin with would be crazy.i would learn so much. I guess seeing him on the stage tonight will be good.
Follow me for discounts on auto repair and oil changes. I come to your office or business in oklahoma city
everybody is kung fu fighting, everybody is fast as lightning. o OH OH O
if i worked for Target i'd be at a meeting today with shakira, faith hill, renee zellweger and black eyed peas to boot
nice story on #Pinterest. You know I love the site
Martha! I replied to your tweet last week, but I guess it was saved as a draft on my phone :( I live in OB on cape may @ froude
Looking forward to it!
BURGER TIME! Come grab our "Scampi" Shrimp burger or a burger with smoked salmon!
just got done listening to "Weird Al" Yankovic - Skipper Dan and it was a good song
Sims game as metaphor for poverty. Players get caught-up in wanting increasing reality instead of getting the "feeling of poverty".
Doing my best to send my obnoxious neighbor happy thoughts, because if she were at peace she probably wouldn't be obnoxious...not working!
thanks for RT Janni I think that is one of the best chapters in the book & excellent for teaching!
Making throwing up noises while I walk past you.. You're fucking mature. I'd like for you tell me something to my face. Yeah thought so.
So ladies, here's a tip: Don't have sex with Ryan Braun. (Unless you want #herpes, then by all means...)
When you buy a song or cd you are in some way making him money, so in essence your helping him out. So why the fuck could you not ask for -
I'm poop in doe.
I like B the best
So Bored
They have re-aired that one a bunch and I always watch it - Mike is hilarious
When I see homeless people or crackheadi always wonder where did they go wrong..
Every time my mom goes to cut my hair, one of us gets distracted. It's gonna be a long night. #joy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
DJing another wedding. Should be fun!
10:30 at night and lil man and I are eating skittles. Yeeeeup
Mikey, did he send you braised goat or squab? Crazy good.
I c y they mad though, I do this with ease...
Thank God it's Hump Day..Really..Thank You Lord!!
Twitter is the only thing I can go to without my Mom stalking my posts! Lol
RT We have guided missiles and misguided men. ~Martin Luther King, Jr.
Just talked with a great friend about our mortality. Hung up & the last RT was what I saw
Plotting a road trip. Will leave Cincinnati on March 31, return to Raleigh around April 15. Where should I go? Open to all suggestions.
I'm starting to talk to myself. Definitely had too much coffee.
lol I have to keep up with you guys....Going away for 2 days but its business.
Is a Dope Singer and she is at #taut This Saturday Come See Her LIVE!!!!!!!!!
Just the two motherfuckers i needed to see :) #fridayafternight homie!
"Beautiful Words" by John W. Lord, “My True Story” by Angela O'Grady, "This Shell of Mine" by Jeff Kellen, "Splitting Adam" by Brian Watt
Honouring the departed
Think ima take a walk.. I got some shit to think thru..
snow!!! snow snow snowsnowsnow!!!! (snow is fun when i don't have to drive in it and it's the weekend.)
I'm mad at Obama for getting rid of sub loans for grad students. Grrr.
the #hymnish retreat sounds amazing but can't afford it right now. Assuming all goes well, do you expect to do another?
also, he's what you would call a good friend, but a bad boyfriend.
It's going to be great!
Thanks for the RT!
this has the start of a drunken finally to this valentines night
come by mansion tonight i got checks
"Design is marketing on steroids" -
": grab somebody sexy tell them HEY((;" ha that's the business ;]
I'M GONNA GO PAIR SOME CHEESE W/ MY BEER
ATL, here i come...just another week
#theworldsgreatestdjs who do you think fits in this group of hot djs. Me I go back with Jam Master Jay, DJ Redalert.
not sure what you mean by full screen mode but this is on the iPod touch and I usually have the keyboard up
thanks!! We can't wait to see you back at the ranch...
So much nostalgia right now. As much as Doom (and the sequel) were amazing, Duke Nukem 3D was the pinnacle IMO.
Two types of friends can come in really handy. Ones that are in high places or ones that are connected to people in high places. - Mature
Cant force nobody to be somebody they dont want to be
ha! That's just cause I help you write :-)
There is still time to enter to win the $100 Disney Gift Card!...
cool :)! I might go to orlando this summer...<3
can't wait to have you! Gotta have that North Side love!
I followed them already & they followed back.
Gone is Old Hickory Grille, In is “International Chicken???”
tell me who went home on xfactor and if the answer is not frankie then dont bother
Seriously SICK pitching from Stammen
Canuck fans, stay classy Vancouver!
plowed I'd a fanatic song! Now I need to find it on the computer... earworm much?
We will put them up for Artist of the month for July! =]
My jaw hurts :( stupid jawbreaker lollipop
My mom would put her Spanish music on blast while am still sleeping lol
great weekend....so far a good start to the week....lots of change happening...hoping for the best!
are you all sitting together while you tweet at each other? Nice.
Well remember... "The teacher is always silent during the test."
awesome!!! Have a great day! :)
wheels up! Next stop Mexico! Woohoo!
You probably told me & I forgot, but what's going on with hospital on Sunday, doll?
Yes ma'am. Is that you in your avi?
And it may disadvantage smaller companies who lack resources to file early. But isn't this already the pattern with current law?
No cell phone and no internet. That's why you can't reach me. I'll respond to every text and message when my bills are paid!
My sunburn is burning.
I know, it does not bode well for the longevity of Flkr. ... what will I do for assignments? :P
some parts of england it is rude to give woman soup
Got a group presentation in the morning and let's just my group is not going to be to happy with me lol
I understand. Super busy myself! We'll talk! Please keep me in mind for all those UX gigs you hear about!
did you ever see the letterman jackets?!
staple French toast. Yours is mine
you saying he stole it?
Nice! Curious Janette, where do you typically shop for art online?
Hi girlfriends sister!
ME! When's this train leave?
OMFG. DUDE. rachael.keneally NOW YOU DO ;D
I can't unfollow...the rest of the lineup is on point. I'm guessing will be taking your spot soon anyway.
RT : Making what's turning out to be an unofficial mobile happy hour guide to #mlanet12, hilarious. Stay tuned! I'm in!
Hiya pal! I was so busy I didn't see efurryone!
I'm Carrying Your Love With Me <3
not sure....published at 825 but not yet showing up on the reader's dashboard...
Morton’s steak & seafood dinner (2 filet mignons,choice of seafood, salads & desserts) only $109.99 for 2, now thru the end of June!
If h think u thought u were thing then u shouldnt think
And it's a wrap for me g'night.
shout out to my brah on the move 173ent 5star studio k lo k...
57% of women in prison report histories of abuse
but yours goes to 11 doesnt it?
Yummy deep fried South African doughnut "koeksisters"
and I found you secret twitter stalkers ha
Keep on hating u making me more famou$
Well, now that idea is in my head.
Good day, I feel accomplished.
Happy B day momo! im sowwy i cant give you a birthday hug! i will tomarrow! LY
Williams Paint Recycling Company is proud to be a Bronze Level Partner in the Partnership for a Sustainable Georgia!!!
Christmas lives behind / the glow in your eyes and smile / as your gift to me
So much to do in such little time
Kathleen, I just learned how to put my book cover in the background. You should do it. Yours is a GREAT COVER!
Thursday already! So much still left to do!
Guitar Center with Adam soon. Hurry up.
Iowa right-wing politics: bad 4 America's political health as Iowa's #FriedCheese #FriedButter #FriedOreos are 4 your health
Its almost Friday! Hell yeah!
#raidernation - best part of USC's sanctions is they rest on Lane Kiffin's lap.
Pete Larish?": Chooch > that stiff they signed years ago as free agent from Detroit that I can't remember his name"
No way lol
Why is the U.S. one of 6 countries globally failing to ratify the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against W ...
Fareed! You back in Miami?
Inbox me the address.
He's awesome! Love that place.
Oh, Margaret, no!!! Can't believe the news. I'm crushed!
Cheers for that, Eric!
it's times like these that i wish michael's or blick's was open twenty-hour hours a day. i'm feeling crafty.
haha ah midge hill is some man for the trays alright :P
Why is twitter unfollowing me from people? Kinda making me angry!
my hometown, Columbia, SC is featured on today!
Settle a debate/wardrobe choice about my attire tomorrow ... Teal jeans: green enough or not?
Bryan Hammer- Design Director @ Skooba Design will be joining us!
Big fan here man! Keep those hits coming.
Nor is it true that austerity will generate growth. I think we've conclusively proven that by now.
i cant twitter from my phone because i always end up posting half finished tweets. not because my phone is dumb. but because i am.
Thank you, Chris! Great talking with you tonight.
and you also need your own category in those facial hair wars. 'The Reza'.
For those asking why would someone kill themselves w/ a chest shot? If you wanted ppl to check your brain once you're gone is a good reason.
what else is new?
where are you? We're here too -
Faq I still can't believe no more NYK basketball anymore until next yr...
GM class is so boring.
cuz my computer fast and #Fyeeeee !!! lol where u at ?? i know u not where you supposed to be smh !
My DFW -> SFO flight for #2012c19 #c19 has just become a DFW -> SJC flight. Gonna be a late night.
Young the Giant - worth a DL?
Longest six minutes of my life
: Real love outshines any storm
Doing it
2 1/2 hours until my day is over and I can't wait!!!!
Should I put my mohawk really high, medium high or down for the show tonight?
Holy productive morning!! Can't believe it's not even 9 am yet.... gonna be a good Monday.
Almost done for the day.
when i put on my headphones im blocking out the world
#whitli #samsung #galaxys Looks like my old Galaxy S is about to die. Time to get a new one, Galaxy S II with dual 1.5gHz here I come!
": Buescher takes 4 tires while many took four. #nascar" is this a John Madden quote for #nascar?
Didn't get enough of tonight on #getrealchat... that's ok! See her on #mediachat this Thursday at 10pm EST! See you there!
Have been neglecting Twitter and Facebook lately...ACP has a new studio space! Open House coming soon!!
It's clearly a crosstown thing.
Playground time!
Glad to see all up on the twitters! It won't hurt I promise! Well... probably not.
Um, so, how many days til baseball season? (my hoops teams suck)
We'll also have winter hair care tips and more coming, so stay tuned to ! #UrbLife!
Give trust to everyone you meet.
I think that you look very nice in it. =)
I need a run or a bike ride. Or a cupcake. Now.
“ I would rather be at home still in bed with this type of weather....” Me Too...
Death from above...69
Down here in Kansas city
<U+266C> Where ever you are be Noble, What ever you do do Well, Where ever you Speak Speak Kindly, Bring Joy where ever you Dwell --- Archie-Rose <U+266C>
I've been waiting my whole life for someone to save me, I still can't believe that you're mine.
whats the appropriate time?
I've been eye fucking guys all day...
Im gon go hard or go home!
we should have a team comm OC watch party. Nice bonding opportunity.
yes I said trendyloin
You know all you have to do is tell us. right ? "Tell me what you want from me, tell me what you want" -
Kobe had one good game this season now ya back on his dick
I can't believe I'll finally have my license back on Monday!!! <U+E41F><U+E41F><U+E41F>
I miss my nigguh lucky dube he been my favoo singer
you're really starting to piss me off, so i'm gonna stop talking to you until i can calm down. take it personally.
Preparing my SEX TALK for the Becoming Conference in FL next week! Getting paid to talk about sex, dating, & God... this is the good life.
About too take raven too schoo :)
ha ha text me
I would kill someone for food.
OMFG THAT MEANS THEY'LL BE IN OR CLOSER TO MY TIMEZONNE where are they landing?
Dear Tom Brady, you're not as good at pointing at defensive players as Peyton Manning is.
All of these app updates for nothing but retina display makes me feel that my brief stay at the cool kids table has ended.
Excited for my gorgeous formal wedding 11-11-11. Can't wait to celebrate with friends and family. It's looking exceptionally magical. ;)
That just happened!
misses my boyfriend.. :(
oh iPod (rockbox), i've missed you (it's got all my cat power safe inside). `*pq~
mmk kaay ill tell ur cousin isiah to follow you and ill tell my moms brother corey daughter to follow you ill tell everybody 2
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
RT #Jazz! #Denver Bassist Greg Garrison's new project is sure to be a success bit.ly/ntMoai
Great #SAQ drill session yesterday.
Being hungry and not knowing what to eat has got to be one of the worst feelings in the world.
if I could I would
When your whole world is turned upside down..Look to see who stays beside you, those are your true friends. Cherish them.
Accurate! Let's go get some stroop waffles and a jug of pudding at the Meermarkt.
Sports commentators need to not use the word 'penetrate.'
So what we get drunk, so what we smoke weed. We're just havin fun, we don't care who sees, so what we go out thats how its supposed to be<3
How am I supposed to take anyone serious with a UNC avi?? Hah.
Q: how important is road network?
Vinod Khosla - flexibility is key for startups. Short term commitments even at a premium cost. Preaching to the choir Cheif.
Right. Kensy could have the idea, but not the talent to pull it off.
no no mg smh
I'm friendly with my friends and associate with my associates..
RT:: Mark ur calendars! & will be on May5th for an awesome youth event!
Just received christian pamphlet spam from a fellow hiker at Wallace Falls. America!
Cerus (NASDAQ: CERS) announced that it entered into a growth capital credit facility and a revolving line of credit with Comerica Bank
i wasn't that drunk...dude, you asked me to give you a ride home at YOUR party
do you know how much tickets are? I'm still trying to find a ride to Fresno! ):
OMG i love this guy-* he is my life ?
RETWEET IF YOU ARE IN SUPPORT OF KONY2012!!
ShoutOut to the Bro !!
I don't think gender is an issue
I'm already cute and sweet…just wanna be petite and healthy like an athlete. Rev up that heartbeat!
im good
Got a mess of fried pickles for only $2 after an on-campus meeting w/ rep. Arteries are relieved I'm not taking summer classes
Minimum wage?! What is wrong with me??? Why do I accept minimum wage work?
RIP John John. You will be missed. I hate that you left without me telling you how i felt. But it is ok. Im praying for your family.
Student Quote of the day, "you should play the robot, you have the body for it."
“: #Virgo does not play the game of love. They deal with mature love only. Thanks.” <3
you inspire me a lot. please don't stop dancing <3 :D
don't most hotels have potable water? I bring an empty bottle and get much better performance than with wifi
Just bought four packs of gum for no reason
its when they get that first bill and come in bitching that is gonna be annoying
: Need wthr info for #springbreak or #sxsw? $50 iTunes card for photos from both if we add 100 users this week Use
"I'm a Bad Kid, that's the way that they made me"
This is the playoffs tho RT : look at the Bulls going home, they ran the east the whole season bruh lmaooo
Nice!! Keep up the good work. RT : that's me and all I get are As
Merry Christmas and
Twitter's 170M users would probably agree with that!!! Would be #1 answer for sure. Can live without... Political Commercials on TV
everything! Sometimes its cold, sometimes its hot lately :p depends when you're coming, this week will be fairly warm
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle A Tale of Two Titties
well thats good to know lol
Gold Street sounds good. RT : Where to eat breakfast today?
Caro: Johnson's life is one of means and ends. His ends were very noble, but his means were ruthless.
MISSING MCJ RIGHT NOW. come to LA and play with us!
Thats whats up...appreciate the listen!
5 hours & $800 spent yesterday: couch, desk, office chair, side table, & more... & it all fit into a Jetta!
More great times to come El Paso!
Many congrats to all the new iPhone 4S owners!!
Sometimes I feel like most of my human interaction on Twitter could be replaced by a bot that tweets obscure words at people.
That was dumb. Hit it with a hammer.
Hello!! :D
I live near Pittsburgh & felt the earthquake! It shook my chair a bit & moved some of the things I had hanging from my wall!
21 April 1671-Baptism of John Law in Edinburgh. He became a French citIzen and founded France’s first bank and the city of New Orleans.
thanks dude. We gotta chill soon
Don't make your appearance more important than your disposition.
M yum sounds tasty :)
is suddenness?
One can pay back the loan of gold, but one dies forever in debt to those who are kind. ~ Malayan Proverb
I agree, Professor Robert Jan van Pelt is amazing and so is Christopher Browning! Where did you here Professor van Pelt?
Tavern on the Lake in Orlando is were it's at. #spokenword & livemusic!
Captain Cabinets, Trapped in cabinets!
Freezin my ass off man.
my cat is still glued to our screen keeping a guard out for anymore frogs LMAO
Anyone know how to file a glendale police report? Do cops even work there?
Lnch special Green Chile cheese Burger fries and a drink for 7.00
that's when you know you need a break and what better place than san Francisco :) (cc: )
Just kidding I'm a white kid, hi kids.
I would LOVE to see your speech! after you give it be sure to send me a copy! be passionate and your speech will be great
Morning :D
Meeks having the second most minutes between both teams with 2 minutes left in the 3rd is criminal!
In that MUSIC zone, gone af
i have no idea
As soon as I get over this horrible cold, and I are going to make out.
What's going to happen when #JustinBieber nuts drop & his voice change? Huh? Huh? Huh?
Hi, I am enjoying a wonderful song "Shot For Me" from MP3 Music Download and Search "Shot For Me" in search former and download it 4 free.
i love the sims 3
She Had Me Smiling All Day
to me, those are synonymous
Will miss tonight at #SarahsWar put-in rehearsal!
Resistance is futile! Ok, NN/LM grant funding. totally inspired now (but going 2 finish webcast first) :)
Ma scherzi! Should've gone to Saxby's after all.
The Ironwork Grill at Grand Lodge is avail for a gathering on 8.7 & 8.14 as well as other weekdays and many dates in Sept Call 503.992.9530
Independent music is finally in the strongest position it has been in years! Support the socks off it!!!
welcome to the Suburbs!
you should be dancing for me ;)
Looking for new talent! hit up my management at (818) 661-8712
I seen your bio, and I didnt know you were a make a wish volenteer o love alot and I have cerebral palsy.
like your background. ;) thanks for the follow. Stay up.
Can't wait to go to Miller Park for the game tonight
do u still have those STL tickets?!?!?
Listen'n to our friend John Russell in nicholasville. Bout to head to 2 c my good friends fm EKY. who's coming? -BH
they'll probably be easier to read than our current cards...
Good Morning Farmers...only a few more days left of the Farm..come by & get Grand Reserve Headband while you can!!
I'm surprised/skeptical that "most" DCPL patrons have smartphones. But love that they were first to have lib app
Hi! We just filed our AOI. To talk to someone about BFC in person, stop by Mill Valley General Store during business hrs.
Who's up for some chicken parm today? Come on in and try our latest special!
#FF and all his #FF recommendations.
looks like you'll b doing a lot of street walking! Wear some comfortable shoes!
that's funny as hell. That track is tight yo.
bought ur book due to your incredible #smash recaps. They are more enjoyable than the delightful hellride that is that show
Let the fear of failure go. It will clog up the areas where inspiration belongs.
October will be very LEGENDARY.
If I just lay here, would you lie with me, and just forget the world?
If Obama loses a close election, he will not leave. (MLevin hinted, but wouldn't go there) Who would stop him?How will that play out?
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. Security does not exist in nature. Avoiding danger is no safer than exposure. Helen Keller
I'm not happy I don't get to see Gavin :(
we will survive.love u!<3
What are your experiences with pre-course tech skills inventories? Are they effective? And are there any that don't condescend?
well get those over with so you can come see me play! (but make sure to study and do well first) haha
Are you planning for a big holiday dinner? Stop by and check out our breads and desserts!
miss u
Dunno why but the voice of my old HS biology teacher has been in my thoughts this evening: "One never knows, Gaines, one never knows..."
Wisdom of the Day: "The most important relationship you will ever have is the one you have with yourself." - Dr. Noah H. Kersey
will you post a transcript/video of his speech? would love to see!
AY AY AY!!! posted mine up on actors access already.. looking for a little girl! Gonna prob shoot end of April/Beginning of May
Salute Your Shorts
Looks like I won't make it in the NYC marathon lottery at the 11th hour bc my cc exp June 2012 & needs to expire Jul or later
Chemistry=DONE! Whoot! Ready to come home. =) I can't wait to see everyone.
Just picked up a Magic Mouse from the apple store. Initial impressions are good. Best part - no more gunked up scroll "button".
Don't worry. I know that if we work hard, one day they'll find a cure for your brother. <33
“: everytime you touch me there I just wanna eat a pear”
what else WOOD we do?
Not "job" to wrangle, but maybe the previous relationship between Hansen and Alvarez helps one between Alvarez & KF
Brilliant post. Thanks for sharing!
Hitting the road to visit with Henrico and Richmond Dems tonight.
lol see this is why yo pay got cut
One more day damn I wish I didn't have to drive in this wackass weather!!!!
Thanks for making it easy to cancel my account.
thanks Coral ;)
I mean chewable toothBRUSH. Now that I think about it, the toothbrush is the strange bit.
RT : Startup making an impact? Time to apply to the Accelerator! #MC2012 Apps Due Wed. 4/11 at noon EST
i this del rio steal his cars from someone are some were
Congrats to Sara Rehring who won a free language class at UWM SCE's Open House last week!
RT : What an impact he made in his lifetime! He will be missed. -- David Reynolds, Leader of Metals Company, Dies at 96...
The whole Im sorry shouldn't cut it anymore. Enough! Get tough, and send a message. Until then he's just going to keep it up.
oh you know... sitting at the pool... uploading photos and updating the blog :)
Watch Saturday morning 8:50 w/ Christine Chang talking about the Charity Partners Program!
90 min. Bill Clinton talk for $15...#CIW11 here I come!
Not only is it monday but it's pooring.. man I hate monday mornings
Oh my god MARGARET IS FINALLY PLAYING IN DC!?
16% of both sports and concert ticket buyers check-in via a location-based platform at an event. (Ticketmaster)
What do you consider 'a solid season'? 10-2? We aren't optimistic about double digit victories for Richt's crew...
yeah, though seems it's pretty much always tied to notion of technology as disruptive of existing (good) interaction order.
I'm sorry for ever treating wrongly. Now would you please go on fb and read your messages.
Man will do many things to get himself loved, he will do all things to get himself envied. - Mark Twain
minor v Happersatt
omg why did this have to happen... :/
You mighta seen me in the streets, but [playa] you don't know me...
Celebrating hump day of finals week with some Duffs and my fav people <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Those little i love you more fights <U+2665> ^__^
Man, is here playing for the morning after prom.
thought we were friends ):
Gotta love garage sales. NOT!
Is it weird that people who wear disney stuff at universal studios tick me off?
I love it! I just thought of a brand new social networking tool for the kids... are you ready for it? It's called, "outside."
yes! Totally it! Thank you for the tick! You're the best! Keke.
If you're still writing about Tiger Woods you have no life we all make mistakes some more than others, some worse than others get over it.
Yeah no problem just dont forget to return the favor.
Finna smoke a blunt to get over this CJ Watson shit!
The Clippers win over the Grizzlies was the Clippers third ever playoff series victory.
never cycle through a stack of photographs in a dream.. you'll never find the end of it.
Wish I were there... Listening to Hammy down here in Dallas!
Rest in Peace. RIP Dick Clark.
I found your plug.
Try it again I had my tweets private that's why
Kris, I would workout with you but you use a different gym. - Eric
Good morning to you, too. Cool pic.
Headed to #paa2012 giving a paper on Bayesian estimates of small area poverty rates
We're so excited for a Cosmo latina style!! We three latinas will definitely be reading!!
U want someone to be rocking on that thing..rocking rocking on dat thing...lol
you know me :)
That mini heart attack you get when the parked car next to you moves and you think you’re moving.
were you among the massive caravan of cyclists on the east side of the CP loop this morning?
I was today that you have to make your own fun
It aint ur spit game, it’s ur dick game That got me walking ’round ready to wear your big chain
Realtor competition in most cities is fierce.There is no reason that YOU should suffer with an agent that you don't feel is working 4 you!
you guys have that also?? It runs our campus for a week
Looks like a minor regression in the CSS. Must be pulling old styles. Will file a ticket.
Good morning my tweeters
I often panic and think I've been hacked when I find no auth log, but then I realized I'm on Red Hat and it's called secure log.
its all good ill stay up all night waiting to get on standgrand <3
what a petulant child.
did you discontinue cracked pepper and sea salt chips?
Haha, i see! I got one chubby and fluffy white cat! Like Romo. Exactly the same but the name is Kitty, <3
If Ghost Rider 2 can earn a third place spot in its opening box office weekend, maybe Americans are ignorant enough to nominate Santorum.
You're welcome, good to meet you!
Thanks for the follow Matt Keep writing, keep singing, help people dream their dreams
"success is simply holding on well after others have let go"
#canibehonestwithyou I know more about cars than a 14 year old girl should.
So what does everyone think of the new NFL Nike uniforms?
Nook tablet? I will definitely be investing in one of those <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
#science is #down again, hopefully it will get fixed soon
any advice to help me from getting hurt when I go snowboarding?? PLEASE REPLY! I've been trying for 2wks for you to reply.. :)
lol yep. I doubt you'll be coming into my room during any of them saying "I like this song" lmao
Acting a certain way with different people.
welcome to ur new addiction ;D if u ever figure out how to shake it, lemme know, haha
againagain!& don't forget what we talked about !;D
#happyvalentinesday to all my single ladies :-)
Business mind state..I am the CEO
Thank you for the retweet! It should be a fun event.
As a matter of fact, it is a state law ! cc: LisaPetrilli
I agree VInce Platero is an amazing Artist!
To hot for bitches, i need a cool floor to cool the place my balls used to be RT : how are the bitches recently ?
i've moved 12x as well soon 2004. i am so over it.
Yeah, it was too fast for me. BTW, local cool person is just getting bees, too.
Had to cook for my mom.
After those last three possessions, I'm not sure how Scott Skiles didn't explode on the sideline... and he may yet.
lol really? She'd probably slap you if you called her that.
I volunteer to be the guniea pig for an contest!
I think to respond to more that 1 person, you just keep doing the @ and whatever their screen name is for each person.
Liquid Arts in Lobby Bar inside Green Valley Ranch!!!
that physical movement doesn't exist in DC
I'll be doing A LOT of listening. Nice call last year.
Defense? Who needs defense? 28 points combined in 13 minutes. Ridiculous
Thanks! Watch tomorrow...!
If I'm weird with you, I'm comfortable with you
One American manufacturer, Eagle Lock Company, used letters exclusively for bitting codes.
Did you get your pre-sale tickets for yet?
GoDaddy backpedals too late, is moving domain names away after massive boycott
well quedoba was a bust.. now to try fiveguys! :D
I love you so so so much and it would make my day it i could get an RT from p.s i would prob die!:) plz
Fantastic talking with educators at DCECEA about social skills, inclusion, preschool perspectives, I say "Let Them PLAY!"
*squints* One day Ill figure out how/why people get so many different names on here...lol
You really think anything we do could destroy nameless more than it already is?
FINNA GO HAM!
HUSTLERS UNITE! SPREAD THE WORD AND RT THIS!!
Pick up a dozen pastries tomorrow for the office from the Market! They’ll love you for it!
“: When LeBron James knocks down 3s >” the Knicks have no chance.
was there a rainbow mickey sticker on the back too?
2 tsp. in a liter of water.
Are you talking AWP panel?
Hey How was your day?
it's almost your birthday :D As if you didn't fucking know.. -_- haha (:
Last second change of venue- show too awesome for cool daddy's and has moved down the street to SOUND HOLE on Chester.YES!
Which do you trust more: Thibs' clipboard or Lucas' jump shot?
oh my god. Do you get an iPhone now?!
they are! Certain ways to pee n stuff wtf.
ustream with Austin!
what does that mean?
Breaking Bad season premier tonight on AMC
Yay! We're excited to have you :) RT : Heading to the Kind of excited.
RT : "You don't have children of your own, but you have mothered millions." ~Jada Pinkett Smith to #SurpriseOprah *tear*
#hanksteinbrennersvagina RT if being fat means striking out the red sox then so be it..
coz sarah is my fake name dummy! my real name is Yashita!
Happy to say my move is nearly complete. I started first draft of my new novel yesterday in my new office. Angel Dance out any day now!
House show this Saturday anyone?
"of course..." ? Lol really? She heated up her French toast. OF COURSE
Jennifer Lawrence IS Katniss though. And Josh and EVERYONE like ohmygoshhh
D: mehh i'm lost. i'll find out at school tomorrow
lol!! Don't get it twisted tho,, he know better too! He could get them hand's lol
Call Me A TaXi I'm Out! YE
YES! Oh i will feel so cultured being at a live theater production!
Hanging with and in Madtown #wbagala this could be trouble!
Omg why is this play about weave!!
Not yet, still playing with wunderkit right now. I have AM installed though
Good morning and good night.
My 25th in Vegas--November 11/11/11 (at 1:11 a.m. btw) baby--a little ways off, but someone tell me where I should stay & go to!
Thanks for the RT :-) Hope you had a wonderful weekend!!
Great to meet you on set today - Hope you had a great birthday:)
Yuhh, I went to prom Saturday, then went out to eat, then to my friends, and we didn't go to bed till like 6:30am. And[c]
#dontdoublemyrate #DontDoubleMyRate Just don't, okay?
Everyone needs music. It keeps us going.
I miss you :_)
well break a leg and hit me up when you're here.
hahaha "The wheels still turning, but the hamsters dead"
yoga and run done. Going to walk around Durand Beach this afternoon. :-)
if you give a dork a camera......
anybody know of any one traveling to hockeytown tomorrow for the game?
Boston Celtics v Houston Rockets tonight. Weird to have NBA on a night that normally has NHL. Swedish Fish wil help me adjust to the change.
We want Pittsburgh Dad on GYGS TV with Kurt Angle Foods!!!!!!
yeah that's true, I pop all of mines but I don't get scars <U+E056> hopefully it works :D
Do you charge by hits?
Even tho I live in Madison, Wis., it's the herald of the holidays to me. Fantastic time!
i know! i better get with it
No matter how thin the pancake there's always two sides
Rick Siskey - Those who learn to listen have the advantage.
ah! Not that I think- although I am not sure I don't like that idea for a day! ;)
and if you were In bako we'd take you! Aha. I'm playing lead guitar & doing vocs AND trying not to kill myself now!-carson
#ccrunconf lulman asks about utilizing existing resources and/or creating a new infrastructure for community media center; answer: do both
same it's been more than a month since I saw them and I miss them so much o k
it was awsome so cool :)
did somebody find them!?
SCREW #DWTS DOUBLE ELIMINATION!!!!!! ROSHON DESERVED TO BE IN THE FINAL!!!
what channel is MCA tribute?
you're the woman.
Thanks, Jack!
I HOPE ALL PUPPET COMPANIES SUDDENLY SHUT DOWN AND THEN PUPPETS ARE NO MORE
Everyone would like to have health information that is easier to understand. Use pictures in addition to words.
Erich Von Stroheim filmed Ending of "Greed" (1924) based on Frank Norris's McTeague in DV
I'll try... but I think I need a shoe shaped more like an upside down triangle. do you think anyone will find that sexy?
I love me some Joan Rivers. If your not watching #JKB get involved!
$PCFG on alert today
you mean like a landing page? No. I'll email you all our stuff.
Austin's first video on his own channel was a cover of the song "Never Say Never" (: RT if you like that song. <U+2665>
Learning the music of Chicago.
Today is a #hair up day...not even going to bother with all this
L stands for LADIES? LOL
Mention this outlook Ad and Get a Even Bigger discount on your Salon Services mens cut ,Beard Trims , Military fades Razor Texture Cuts
Yeeah.. I'm going to be up for like another hour or so?
yo what's going on ?
#Angelinajolie looks sickly thin. Just saying.
will you please follow me? it's 11:39 PM and you still haven't followed me :( I must be #invisible to you <111
I'm getting me some #chocolate - watch out, #cupcake!
RT : #Walking is a great form of exercise! RT + Follow us #StepIntoSpring giveaway! You could win a custom #NikeID sneakers
Enjoying my #coffee!
Yep! Let them enjoy while they can. Is that you in your avi?
alex i just hope that u know that i admire u and i love u so much.. i woould love meet u
Happy Birthday, Dr. Seuss!
Rate me wait for me to put my pic up
Happy to give you my notes. I haven't seen you!!
I'm boring to text, and probably even talk now -______-
is preaching on Twitter; Check him out. - so, true. Some moms (aunts and grandmas) don't hold their sons accountable.
being retired sucks - i've worked more this week than when I was employed full time
Listening to on right now! Love this song! :)
If gays want to participate in an antiquated institution and be miserable like all the married people I know. WHO CARES?
cabin in the woods is wierd.
thank you for your video response to #kony2012 - i'm sharing it with my students tomorrow
#3wordsforyou I Love You.
NorCal so hot this week, I felt weirdly opium-ish. Swimmy & mind-boggled. Today, saw the most vicious attack in the driveway, bird on bird.
#hubwork mega design panel commencing NOW!
how do people take shots of whiskey w/out chaser!.
Great article & couldn't agree more. Yes, we ARE enough.
Manager 3B Jon Durham said he has elected to leave power hitter, Luke Rhinesmith in the lead off spot for Mondays game against Mr. Roberts
Don't make me wait by jazmine sullivan has to be one of my favorite song by her
goodnight Mikey(: <3333 great performance tonight too!
MSMQ: "Doing humanities with computers is playing humanities for keeps"
Tally this weekend. Aye.
I can't post tweets! Please help keep saying try later but it's been a week and still nothing. I reloaded twitter but no luck
well come on over we will fix ya a home cooked meal... and you can meet Jennifer and Jamie ;-) (old lady from Trader Joes)
Thank you! That totally makes sense.
WHY WILL #OCCUPYDC GET KICKED OUT? QUOTE FROM K ST FORUM:"I can guarantee that mass arrests are HUGE headlines & help grow the movement"
Fall + Fall Break = my favorite time of year... next to late spring, summer and Christmas of course...
I like what I am seeing thus far. Lord knows US needs a hero not an undercover terrorist protector.
I've never been deployed. Lucky ass nigga.
#Health #Tip: Pack more veggies into ur grocery #budget by going frozen. Often cheaper, frozen produce retains more nutrients than fresh!
I'll be home the 24th through 29th. Excited to see you, it's been too long!
Mitt Romney says we should be creating 500,000 jobs/month. Thats happened 5 times since WW2. Either hes an idiot or hes lying
Look like a million bucks thanks to
Very cute
Hi just got my computer fixed ( hard drive crash) I've been out of the loop but I'm back now.
We all need alone time once in a while
Life With Derek before sleep (:
I failed, its been an hour... Bleeeeeh!!!!
LIAM! are you as excited as I am to see you in America in Chicago? I'm buying presale tickets (:
You're always working some angle.
If you are not paying attention to the news right now, get on it.
Exciting new developments in the works.... Stay tuned!
When we die we all know we're going the same way...
Lol @ American Dad
I'd like to hear more about your paper on building relationships via Twitter - sounds really interesting.
We have six left. Rt: : Now I really want a cupcake."
Good night
Never watches Amercan late night chat shows but is watching now because he's in Scotland. Thanks .
#SheAintWifeyMaterial if your not happy waking up to her every morning!
More #Pinterest research…
"When you own your breath, nobody can steal your peace." ~Author Unknown... JUST KEEP BREATHING & have an incredibly amazing week. :)
I suck at pool but it's mad fun...
... So very true! Some bosses and significant others should be told this :)
You have to want God more!!! Then and only then will your hearts desire be fulfilled.
its really quite. Allot of people moved. But what's up, what's new with you.
Wonderful time at #AHA2012. Saw some great panels, caught up with some old friends, met a lot of new people. Should be in Chicago every year
The new Silversun Pickups album didn't grab me on the first listen. This is one that it takes a few to appreciate.
Incredible what's happening rt now. A 10 man #Chelsea team will advance to the finals in #Munich. Down goes Barca.
okay it's safe to say that you're gay....
yea buddy!
no my parents took two of them and my ex broke the other one!
Much respect for Kerry Wood. Best of luck to him.
Hm, VCU moves up to the Atlantic 10 conference, so ODU creates an #ODUtrain to try to get some attention? #SAD #VCU wins
We have a show coming up on 10/14 at The Western Front - we'd love to see you there!
Slept in this am. Then Shopping and spent the afternoon on the beach shell hunting with the fam! Memories in the making!
Today has been my #chillday !! Starting to feel better, but I have no energy!
excellent. I'll tweet more information about upcoming event session 'leaving ADDIE behind' at #ASTD2012 and point 2 online resources.
thank you sir ;)
Foo Fighters indie cred? I guess that was a joke
Happy #ProSkidRow Day!
Thanks! I'm still contemplating on what it will be. I think I've got 45 minutes to decide!
Zayn is hot, Nialler is hot, Hazza is hot, Lou is hot, Liam is hot, WHATS UP WITH THAT
I hate it when friends change just because they meet new people. Or hate a person just because they have new fans.
We kick off Monday with a Wine tasting, all wonderful reds only $14. 4-7pm today we have $4 wines, $4 Cheese, and $7 Flatbread Pizzas! Enjoy
you dont hate hispanics?
chilllenn, before my choir concert! :)
So, this "finding love in a hopeless place..." Rihanna is singing about Twitter, right?
Excuse me but my lingo crazy
Many a fraud have gotten rich off such things. Besides it would be easy to write a book on what could go wrong online! lol
Tailgate season
NO!! please go to west. worst mistake you could ever make.
Packing for a 6am flight to Cali for Anaheim 2!! Time will tell if it's a solo trip....not gonna lie kinda bummed...
Can't wait to see my boy perform tonight at the new convocation center! Its a small world!
justin will you plz follow me
Went grocery shopping - $144.91. Lot more than excpected but we now have food in the house.
Just had a guilty shopping spree
Crappy t-shirts
Waiting for my favorite band to come on!
IN UNFABULOUS I MEAN COME ON
.: Yes, lots of great #PCUS discussion! Feel free to tweet us Qs for our presenters, esp. on student engagement &
Bills get Mario Williams -- sweet!
"If we were a secret how long could you keep it. Keep it to yourself don't tell nobody else".
If evolution really works, how come mothers only have two hands? ~Milton Berle
Global warming slowly drying up health insurance commissions. Canadian government commissions new study on methods to collect vapors.
Saying its because you were drunk is never a good enough excuse.
To Hell With Houston, America We Have A Problem!
Send me tax reforms and I will sign them right away!
I would tell all my twitter followers which my trial was.
Shonn Greene will post huge numbers (as long as he stays healthy) because he is going to get a ton of carries
I love feel like crying because I never got tickets for his concert in November!! ;( ;(
RIP Donna Summer
I think you meant Sherlock and Watson, not Holmes. But it made me want to see a show where Sherlock and Holmes are two characters
She said she can do bad all by her damn self...then let her do bad all by her damn self
Thanks for sharing! RT : I am so proud that have survived. My mother is a survivor
woo!!! “: #3Words Radio Waves Rock!”
finally got my slides ready for my presentation at very excited now!
Trying to plan a seasonal lunch menu for K-3 through grade 6 kids starting in Fall - any suggestions?
haha I'm looking forward to it! I'll send it once I'm done!
Hanging with him today <3 can't wait!
#BrockOsweiler he has legendary #QB abilities
Good morning to everyone on this beautiful Friday!!! Hope you all have a wonderful day!!! lots of love <3 <3
That's how I got here :-) LA is my dream circus!
I love cheetos too!
I heard the dinosaurs shoot first in this version.
“: People who follow a crowd..usually get no further than the crowd!! Therefore I walk ALONE buddy!!”
Henny and purple
its a beautiful thing
Thursday to Sunday. Give me a ring and we'll get together
hey girl<3 miss u!
Superintendent Kowba has directed LJ High principal NOT to remove Free Speech benches Now wont have to do my "sit in" Free Speech saved :-)
I'm fucking hammered right now
The Gordon pics are in my Recent Images on my Twitter page. All of the Gordon photos are mine, but the '37 flood pic is not.
Taking Jets & Bears on the moneyline and the under on Jets/Steelers. Good luck and please check your tickets before leaving the window
Allen in.... This is where the grizzlies need to defend and get the ball inside with this unit
please follow so I can DM you. Thanks.
Lol I just noticed you follow me on instagram!!! Your so pretty!!
Its only Wednesday?????
The only reason I'm getting a business degree: unlimited free coffee from industrial quality machines.
Question. Why do y'all have kids with someone then complain he ain't there for the child u was jus a random/accident Neva spose 2 hapn
Patella tendon.
do the pre-season games count towards the nine games for our boys at NHL camps? Thanks for the info.
coffee minus cigarettes
Every day specials call 1-866-982-8322 Every order supports a person with developmental disabilities in employment. Thank you and Mahalo
lol what do you have against navy blue and black? And I think I've seen you in both?
Congrats to Weston! Winner of the "Name the Eight" raffle!
go time!
perhaps it was the whining about everyone unfollowing you that caused us to do so. But, I never followed at all.
I Feel Good Af (;
Jonas Sees In Color is singing me to sleep tonight.
So glad to hear it. I must call in back up, help for fun stuff this weekend please! &
Definitely. Although, I could listen to Jessica sing all damn day! Homegirl's god!
I'm ready to see domination !!!
check your schedule and get clearance. Popcorn? Yes. JUMBO size Popcorn? Not this guy. Short stay at Wood Island? Maybe anyway.
Looks great! We are coming out with Man Bags fairly soon!
Flying Train<---great pic
I know you'll probably see the Avengers this weekend. So you could take a picture of the theater a tweet it. #TwitterHomework ;)
"tzhaahn" is way better than "zan." More importantly, what matters is whether you say it with your thumbs up or not.
Many of us will miss Dick Clark, there will never be no other like him on this Planet, that's why everyone in Heaven is happy of his arrival
While everyone else was out partying last night, I passed out on a friends couch watching The Thing. I am so
got triple meat at chipotle. Thought you would be impressed.
Yo my sister said if you were a test she would give you a C-..... lol
i.ll keep that in mind. I.ll always "try" to employ family :-) u spit cuzo lets colab. Your choice
Fruit salad.
I love the BBC because every once in a while there's an f-bomb. Or boobies.
hiya (: You don't have to follow me . but I'd love you if you did :-).
Fine with me.
I don't even know my SOL schedule..
have you checked out rubymotion yet? thoughts?
High finna buss ass in this #2k real quick #Lobcity bitch
oh :( you hurt ma feelings :/
I got a craving 4 candy again
had a great weekend , few days until my bday
How's it going man?
Not sure where to go tonight? is playing shortly, come get your funk on!
Y! Sports: blazers fire Nate McMillan
": Workout ! Jus cause it's saturday Don't mean you can lay around" It does 4 me Heart cath No blockage. Now mending the cath site.
blasting Niggas In Paris with Carissa in school library. OH YEAH.
What are the drink specials for your New Years party?
s/o to ! Happy birthday hun :D
“ When takes my candy <<< #sadtweet”
Where the party at?
I was the one who dared plaxico burress to pop a shot off in a club, I told him all the celebs were doing it, oops
aw ;) Happy mothers Day Michele!!!! Lots Of Love and Support <3 x
This guy has "dun lapped" decease. His stomach has dun lapped over his belt.
Kid just made a halfcourt shot at the #Clippers game to win a new car. What kind of taxes does he have to pay on that?
Great time here in stout. Treated to a good time by the art dept. Meet a lot of young talent.
Waiting for people that are late is not my favorite thing to do
people are so stupid and lame if ur gonna brag bout being a badass be legit bout it instead being like oh im a badass cuz i got high on
just saw i movie with Chuck Norris.immediately thought of u and Justin;) love you!
No Tween knit today....... See you next week.
EQ isn't a "nice to have". It's mission critical.
AMEX innocuously and w/out notice raised the card fee from $35 to $45 (28%+)! THAT WHY PE0PLE ARE PISSED. We're tired of killer surprises.
now I'm back on to befriend our local radio hosts and get em to play I Feel Like Dancin ;)
I'm not very good at Tweeting.
Oh yea, I was shocked when It happened to me.
Hello have a great day
How did the internship workshop go? Any takeaways from students?
HOLY FUCK THIS SATURDAY IS ST. PATRICK'S DAY. I'm gonna
Going to my dance rehearsels right now, gonna be fun!! Xx
AP-GfK poll: Only 27% of Americans support, 66% oppose military engagement in Afghanistan. But is there a viable exit strategy?
first one better than the first quarter (or third)
4th of July was great here in San Diego! Hope you had a great weekend!
Why those stockings could be worn by Marlene Dietrich and still be expensive. [1944]
Incoming... We have 3 tornado warnings for Chippewa, Swift and Redwood Counties. Part of a line of storms in western MN heading toward TC
#checkers, once again, your tractor beam has pulled me in.
#20ThingsAboutMe 11. I hate being single.
THANKS MA!! Follow back!! :)
Breakfast at the Warricks'!
Join me & my fiancé . We're having lunch down on SoBe
#welovegreyson cause he cares a lot!!
"Moore draws on Roseberry’s critique of Scott’s interpretation of Gramscian 'hegemony,'" which everybody knows is just warmed over Leninism.
Started makin my famous keychains again... I guess I rly did miss my fingernails curving :3
Just when I was about to slip into the doldrums, Fight Club comes on. 2morrow night, ill be in a red ress. But tonight its just me & my PJ's
If you did not look after today’s business then you might as well forget about tomorrow. – Isaac Mophatlane
The Indianapolis Colts have done it! Super Bowl here we come!!
Don't let your eyecare benefit slip away. Book your eye exam now. Use your FSA money up before the end of the year
There's nothing like a good ol' power nap to get you through the day! That and some Dunkaroos. Wait! Am I still 9 years old?
Write first, format later. Use the Kitchen Sink, the last button on the right of the formatting bar, for more formatting options.
living life same shit new day i guess lol :p
Happy Friday everyone! Have an amazing day! <U+2600>
quit thinking its gotten u nowhere so far...
Just rocked an early 20th century government docs question on the reference desk. OH YEAH!
Been watching all day. Love Pat Collins and Love Shamari. Want to see more of him!
That's cool and all but I want my kids to be tall too. And genes can only do so much lol
Watching the celebration, I don't think it was Mr. Weaver's 1st refreshment of the night.
haha no say I could never do it <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00BE><U+274C>
It's gettin huge
“If you want children to keep their feet on the ground, put some responsibility on their shoulders.” - Abigail Van Buren
game 5 in miami <U+E402><U+E420><U+E00E>
I TRY EVERYDAY TO GET YOU TO FOLLOW ME BUT YOU NEVER NOTICE ME. AND WISH FOR YOU TO FOLLOW ME AT 11:11 BUT U NEVER DO :( <3333
my friend looks just like justin bieber <333 and hes single !
yes because I'm really confused now :p
Smh he need to turn that damn phone on lol
PFP is @ "GF Living Now Expo" in Indy today. We r giving away samples of Wowbutter, Peabutter, Sunbutter & Andean Dream. Admission is FREE!
then you won't have a problem
Figaro && The Executive are our two new specials for the week, come in and check them out!
My son Arrion was just announced as SALUTATORIAN.
Orange soda + Oreos + Unwritten Law = Creativity
PROTIP: Find and remove the #GPO that only allows local profiles before working with #VMware View Persona Mgmnt.
It's Britney...bi@
I think will murder you......with partying.
haha I've used that intermittently for years! But Englands def got me addicted to tea time and scones lol
Spent the whole day answering questions on Yahoo. It's addicting.
I don't know about you, but this game 6 is giving me a stomach ache... #Grizzlies come on!!!!
My twitter looks hella different right now... Wth. Must have did an auto update
Happy Birthday Eve to Comedian of Comedians and Filmmaker of Filmmakers... Charlie Chaplin!!! 122!
Anyone in my friends ever git their hair done by Seaborn... Celebrity Seaborn
Oops, that tweet was supposed to be
I be bored doee ! Lol so quess what, possums gana leave to Santa Barbra :T
When you tie a straw wrapper and it tears apart fully>>>
You're definately right about that! My ABV plans have escalated...a bunch!
Wait.... Wait, wait, wait, wait. I... I wanna be on you.
I'm obsesed with
Fuuuckkk, I did NOT miss this shit!
How could someone just leave their underwear in an office bathroom?!
Hellz yes!! And they're blowing up!! RT Is Thick as Thieves sponsoring fighters?!?
Just had a random laughing contest with my brother.. And now, I feel really light-headed.. :\
WELCOME TO MY STATE. <3 I really hope I get to meet you while you're here. That would be my dream come true. i love you.
Just got the email. Thanks again.
I've learned that. Had some bogus issue with YouTube player embedded videos a while back, meh
I need a straight date with son !
Just got news that Philip Wentzel's resigned from the Milwaukee Co. Sheriff’s Office. Probably good, what with the child porn and all.
You cant begin to process me with a normal brain.
i know you do
Is no longer phoneless. Although the last four days without haven't been that bad...
I fucked up somewhere and it won't let me use the password I entered.
The thing about "Your Mother" jokes is that they're lame and used up...just like your Mother.
This is the 4th car from big bills I've seen broke down in the street, obstructing traffic. Not a good investment of tax return money
Unemployment claims drop by 25% to 404,000 according to the department of labor.
thats really cool.
Where is everyone going for #SDRestaurantWeek? I'd love to hear what everyone thinks is the best of San Diego!
Where did today go?! It's already 9:30...
happy bday boss
LOL *mwah mwah mwah* all over you.....of course I like YOU! I was talking about my #roster lol
Not to many people believe in much but world
That's from deep outta the vault! :D
Do you ever feel some people have a skewed understanding of what a "#SmallBiz" really is? Ironically, running a #SmallBiz is
Moving day is one week from today!
Waiting on the repair person is no fun on day like this...
Free concert in our Rotunda 8pm TONIGHT! UCLA jazz studies students will perform music by a variety of jazz legends. Don't miss it.
During the block party, will not be providing 'sound checks,' make sure your music is not too loud, don't get fined $177
MT ": #52CardPickup Your new hint for this coming Saturday's 52 pickup is: 'Artistic'." On Second Saturday? May need another hint.
was busted for weed again. Well, I didn't see that coming...
you know, I may actually do that. All jokes aside, how good would that be, as long as I don't get murdered.
Hey Kev!! What's new with you?!
yeah, I guessed as much. additional points to add to the list?
New reviews being posted tonight.
Super fun! Pouring rain on way to gym bright and sunny on way home.
I dare you No I double dog dare you NO! I TRIPLE DOG DARE YA! Dammit!! A triple dog dare is no joke once said you have to do it
2 Months since i had my phone... #MissItVeryMuch!
<----- IS GOING TO RING BELLS ALL AROUND THE WORLD
We are at 2,099 followers! Who knows a die-hard #Colts fan on Twitter who wants to be No. 2,100?
Ooh! are you the party of the first part, or the party of the second part. :)
How time flies. We at Natoma Partners are celebrating our first anniversary! Thanks to all for your support, encouragement and trust.
Who's headed to the KOC tonight?
Living louder and dreaming longer tonight.
National media stereotypes: White on black "shoot first" killing big news in south, not so much in liberal WI. Sad.
I be giving people too much credit and they don't deserve the shit.
Happy #Halloween everyone Stop in at your #local Paradigm Gardens for all of your #Gardening needs!
i wish #oomf answer my message !
taking a bubble bath...
oh I'm sorry
Carol Chargot: Mexico is tastier than tacos
Let the weekend begin....
Let's Go
Fingers still crossed for Kentucky. They are coming to the in Nov. along with Mich St and Wash so I'm biased.
I am starving.
RIP Carroll Shelby
I LOVE ! He's SO fuckin sexy lol
Cool looking BP monitor. Do you use it?
I'm getting drunk, but I much rather be somewhere with you...
Power back on! Yay!
High power bill connection alleged
I never tweeted that?
Yeah totally! There are ones for just Bucks & for Coffee Shops. Hallelujah glory be, I say!
Cremate my body let the ocean have whats left of me
Book you party in our Private Dining Room on a Monday for a reduced minimum food & beverage expenditure! Call for details.
There is a used bandaid on the floor at work. That is grounds for me leaving for the day.
Wonders if the movie Date Night is a true interpretation of married life...just going through the motions.
"rumor has it" just left.
i c y u said it further up. Just pray.
i know what you mean... I don't know how it feels to be honest but i understand...
MT “: ... a drink every time was mentioned in Game Studies panels..." [drinkinggamification].
I just want to meet Jonathan Toews .. So So So So So So badly
Walking out my destiny this morning with my black stilettos on
I cannot seem to add IMAP provided by popular hosting service Dreamhost. Is this a known issue? Any work-arounds? Thanks!
Sexy tube sock guy
She ain't the only one...*wink*
Tomorrow me and my broz gone be in traffic tho... Fwm
Maybe its a Beautiful Bish. First name Beautiful last name Bish. Lmaoo.
I may be the last "active" Google+ user
oh yea ok
season one is over. Speechless. That was excellent. #FireandBlood! (Next--to finish the tomes of A Song of Ice and Fire!)
Seriously.. One big joke. I took it that way too.. Don't worry!
That's a $9.5M deal, maybe he can pay?
Anyone wanna tweet me?(:
Pho! RT 20% discount this Saturday for all participants of the Brownwood Bike Rally and Run
They cancelled #Ringer. I can't fucking believe this bullshit. Don't even know what to say right now. Fuck. FUCK. FUUUCCCKKK.
Playing a show tonight : Craig Ramsey (band), Low Hanging Wires, and Robert Cherry (solo) 9pm
#tnla12 Priority = relationships. It's more important to get the people back to the library than the books back.
Is there a viable D to run against our girl J? Are we stuck w/ her?
BREAKING: More travel and conference restrictions from GSA's Tangherlini - updates soon.
very good point.
Seriously...stop fucking tweeting 200 times a day. Nobody gives a shit what you have to say. Stfu.
Thanks for the #FF again. Have a great weekend! :)
Founder of Triton Financial LLC Kurt Barton,faces life sentence n prison after a federal jury convicted him of carrying out a Ponzi scheme
YOUR Album is AMAZING!!! Thank you for the music... Love what you did with this CD!
awww feeling the love!!! Can't wait to hang with you all!
Good morning! Today is my Friday, so I'll be sewing again soon! Yay!
“: congrats to Ben , in mere minutes slated to become Dr. Ben. Off to the post-defense reception momentarily!” yay!
Did you know that it’s a myth that dogs are color blind? They can actually see in color, just not as vividly as humans.
LMAO! Someone has to look at ugly and hot naked pics all day! I consider it my debt to society.
Without music, life would be a mistake.
bite me! Lol
thank you I am soo excited
Absolutely! She's covering up the Russ Musk which is a good thing.
Happy Birthday <3! I hope you have an amazing day :) love ya!
Don't change on me. Don't exhort me unless you attend to do it forever
Thanks for the follow DJ Mic Vandalis "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on you tube...
Also, you both once killed a hobo. Don't forget the hobo.
"Suck my words, taste my thoughts. And if its 2 nasty, spit em back at me"
Hittin the gym. Who's with me?
good morning how r u..??
So my mom and I walk out of the grocery store and see a guy with no shirt walking in and I was like are you LMFAO? no, therefore no service.
Live. Learn. Love.
Weber Shandwick is hiring in their Beauty Division. Please email me if you have a background in Beauty PR,
Not happening
On the shuttle in Nashville on the way to ACRL Immersion. Ready to sleep at this point, not learn.
can't wait to get my nails done and go to the hookah bar tonight with my girl :)
AND we are all guilty as girls of lowering standards due to not believing in ourselves. Its how I ended up w my ex whos stalks
everything is going good man, how are you?
: If or try to make you climb through tunnels made of chicken wire or go down 10 story slides run.
Some people's shit kills me...for real!!
New phone.. finally.
Night night.
I completely agree!
Me too!
Good night!!hopefully I could sleep with all this thunder nd lighting wait isn't that The same thing Aghh idk OMG!!!Rain to hard carry me!!
Lol RT : I have to tinkle but I don't want to break the seal lmao
Aaron just told me that he is going to high five our baby as it is coming out of me..
It's too bad h8ers dont get its a person on the other end of that tweet. #PackerNation loves you, and wants 2cu domin8 in '11
hell yeah!
M M good to the last drop :)
yes! and apparently has a better camera...
haha lovely and i'm doing great! :)
The edition of "Autobiography of a Yogi" I ordered from is a "first" edition w/ a signed blessing from Yogananda c1947 WOW??!!!??
do you remember the book that was published from records in our Archives re: medical history?
Thirty-five percent of the people who use personal ads for dating are already married.
Dear Universe, if there is an acapella out there for U Got Nerve or Are You Feeling Me, please hook it up. Love, Jeremy
Happy Easter, from all your street team members. (:
umm can we both be jealous bhahah she is probably one of the luckiest people around!!.
party time!
That is a beautiful cake! I'd be reluctant to cut it too, but my desire to taste would definitely win out.
yeah. Which is why I do it like once a year haha. But walking to Starbucks in the snow is really fun :)
Death is transformation.
Curb Center's Arts Industries Policy Forum Hosts Economist and Author Joel Waldfogel
i hate my braces!
Don't forget to cast your ballot - Polls open in a half hour for the Wisconsin Recall Primary!
ok. Dammit where's the phone
Every come see cd release party tomorrow with Crew
(clarification) my 1st memoir will be MHILF: the mark huntsman story
My TV is always on cartoon network 24/6. All but Monday's when I watch Top Gear on BBCa
You could probably Google bad Twitter behavior
I love my friends.
Thanks for returning the follow...boy do REAs need your help! lol.
It's dec 10th from noon to 5. Ima send out a Facebook joint too. ": when is the Art Gallery?”
Nothing like praising the King of Kings on your instrument, I miss that worship from the heart on my Bass Guitar, I was created to praise!
Your book "The Dark Path", it must be one of the most thrilling books I have ever consumed. You are so Strong and Virile, M :)
I went with the skinny jeans, black top, black stilettos look with hair in a messy pony tail and dangly earrings... hopefully in dress code
Best way to deal with haters: Keep calm, and stay classy!
If a friend can't tell you the #truth about yourself who can?
I agree he does. Seems real laid back this year. I may be sick too!
Fascinating to hear the Big Back Yard is built upon decimeters if societal waste; hard to drill deep pilings through the
Will the #Steelers pull this off?
Maksim Chmerkovskiy: 'We can't do right by DWTS judges' - Digital Spy
#Yankees still winning......
It went well. Looking forward to Wednesday!
Chic-Fil-A it's like a special occasion every time :) I don't know how they do it, but it's like nugget fairies make those juicy nuggets!
In the last 20 years #entrepreneurs establishing new firms have done more to create #wealth than firms at any time before them – ever!
Ah thanks! I love going to kick boxing. Will have find a body pump class to try. Like the idea of a weightlifting class.
thanks man. I might have to! haha
shoot! Couldn't get this link to work.
doing great buddy! Thanks for asking.
dear god, thank you so much for once again saving : )
Yeah but Mister Number One Seed (you) and Rj have to take care of business.
He who labors as he prays lifts his heart to God with his hands. -- St. Benedict of Nursia
Time for my favorite show
Naw man, that chick is just someone that i used to know.
Can't wait to read it!!!
I only buy super-cheap stuff on Amazon (I'm trying to bankrupt them). That said, ME3 50% off today—woot! Oh, and cheap batteries...
I hate when your talking to your parents and u say why and all they say is because..makes me so mad.
Come on down and make Sarah Waffle laugh by putting Hot Sauce in your eye!!!
Where is it?
Good night <333
They had to weigh the semi & everything. Tow truck is hooking it up now. Dude had a suspended license.
I miss my bro y he move to texas cali where its out
Happy Birthday Taylor Lautner *wine*bday*beer*gift *party{}webayubajuuwe
Did You Ever RT The Tweet I Told Everyone To
It's the turning point for the series. If viewers can make it to that one race, the pace/character issues disappear.
Who knew my first #Aldi experience would be so confusing. Next time I will be better prepared for the checkout protocol.
haha we finally stole it back from you. 73 right now in AZ.
Falling asleep to Jason Mraz is the best
I'm with you!! Ugh so hard some days <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
No you dont, but you may miss some stuff
We could go jogging together. That's always better motivation! I'm at a slow pace and short dist so far which might be good too?
wow this picture cracks me up! (:
i cant go to ur photoshoot/: my parents wouldnt take me );
Think the season is over? You would be wrong. College All-Stars tomorrow. Also flipcup for cancer at the Brooksidr.
“ $50 for a 3 minute jack off or $10 for a lap dance. Bitch u better pull yo hand out” its 40 on bourbon St
Hoping this Delta flight is better than my last 3 Delta flights. Worst customer service of any airline I've been on.
Gee, the initial backup of 271GB that I'm sending 2 the CrashPlan service will only take 3.4 months to complete. Electric bill = $$$.
it was in 76137, but were already on the outage map :-)
Read the best books first, or you may not have a chance to read them all. Henry David Thoreau -
Wish I could! Hopefully next time! Have fun & thanks!
I think the biggest people pleasers are prostitutes.
Nice nice Women power!!
I miss little Annabelle.
Can anyone please shout me out?
What does it mean to live BIG? Most of us have no clue what that looks like. But we cannot look at someone else's life for clarity.
“Overall, it was excellent!” “Great content!” This year come see what all the fuss is about at www.ebook-summit.com
Just moments away from at the Palace. 11th row center!
awww well! how are you?
Is the coffee brewing?
The indie artist are flooding in their singles to" Break That Single" --Whoa !what an incredible response. Keep on sending in those singles.
i love you ahahahahah COME BACK TO CALI!!!
RT Just passed what looked like a sobriety check point being set up on Rock Creek Parkway.
hes not even him self anymore..
I seriously want to master the Don Draper judgment eyebrow.
n u learnt well, didn't it get u what u wanted? Ok, then...n uhh, u welcome!
Tell Blayke conratulations on her signing. its a great accomplishment!
yeah. Great spring & summertime tunage.
disney is rockin!
This septa shit is in the way i gotta fix my wheel ASAP
neither will I sir ...
I've only heard from the listing broker (I represent the buyer). Evidently BofA sent a counteroffer late Friday evening, due Sunday at ...
told you :)
I guess twitter isn't that painful to use. Getting used to it.
hey I am a songwriter looking to network
Did it ever occur to you that nothing occurs to God?
AZ punter took a knee fielding the snap...he is down right there and the Buffs take over at the AZ 28 yard line
Term of the day, found on an old handlist: "slip song." Rbms.info tells me use "broadsheet poem" instead. But "slip song" is so poetic!
I saw! The poor gal needs some serious facial reconstruction. I'm glad nobody was seriously hurt.
At least you did the workout!
Thanks for the follow, Kristal.
Forecast for Wednesday: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming mostly sunny. Patchy fog in the morning. Highs 68 to 73 near...
Going to the Galleria before the Heat vs Celtics game :)
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. -Abraham Lincoln
That's right. I will remember this all the time.
Yeah..i typical summer stuff.
not odd. That's the only way to get stuff done before the blockers arrive :)
Glycol chiller and boiler purchased. All major equip now secure. Next up, June 9 Planning Commission hearing on use permit.
Spiders < Snakes, Bees, Mosquitos, Cicadas, Lions, Tigers, Bears, Alligators, Vampires, Zombies, Pirahanas, Tracker Jackers, Wasps, Monkies
They all seem very likely tactical upgrades and probably less enamored with overpriced English players.
haha nice! Ive never been a big fan of the ocean, especially around here. A girl lost her leg due to a shark bite last week
same as my twitter name
Just because a kid listens to both hardcore and rap music doesn't make them a 'poser'...wow people these days just fucking stupid.
I say bitch where you going? She said " I forgot my bra.." haha
Do not let any unwholesome talk come out of your mouths, but only what is helpful for building others .... -Ephesians 4:29 (NIV
I need some more #DMEswag to round out my #ThreeSheets and #ZaneFestivus collections
Why do deaf people make a thizz face when they sign?
omgoshh i forgot to send my birthday collab video! im doing it now :D
jay u coming down for the Seattle game?
Wow. Filled all of our spots in less than 12 hours! We look forward to seeing all of you at Mother-Son Date Knight.
When I wake up in the morning.....1.twitter....2.facebook.....3.tryto go back to sleep
This game has been called horrendously, any chance the Knicks have as small as it may be is been nullified by refs
not even close
RT : Kudos BTW to VMware for pushing forward with Octopus share/sync, now in beta. Much synergy with Zimbra & Socialcast....
Ha ha ha! Klout thinks I'm influential about Road Rage! Hilarious.
me too! That sounds great!!
Defense is such a vital part of #basketball, I have no problem dedicating 2 weeks of material to it...
RT : Good news, Californians: your support for the de-industrialization of America is working. The bad news: t......
you're tweeting in class? haha me too...
Every new day, should remind us that what we bring to any experience heavily influences what we get out of it
Morning Rockstars! > All misfortune is but a stepping stone to fortune. - Henry David Thoreau
Makes me think of that scene from Fantasia that scared the @#$@ out of me. When I was a kid, I mean.
checked out your tracks, very nice!
Even after nyquil I can't fall asleep =/ #GrammyAwards it is
“ Its my uncle birthday! Shoutouts to !”| Thanks babes
Many thanks to and for a great #tastecamp, and to all the #vawine folks, thank you for your beautiful wines.
its life changing isn't it?!? DON'T order a soup in a bread bowl... really hard to eat and drive. why r u in the rlb!?!
WHO VILLOPOTO!!! Great race tonight!!!
yeah, that is why i am not coming up to CT till tomorrow.. gotta get my sox fix first
First oregon game he has watched ": o_0 RT Oregon sees Adidas and raises. Wearing almost same neon unis as Baylor!"
18 I couldn't go to no parties b/c I dnt got no I'd which means that's irrelevant b/c if I had my licensine
Gonna try to become twitter verified by one year from today <3 Here goes nothing...(;
My bf is being a fat ass eating chips while I'm being healthy eating a K bar(: lol
Interesting view by Van Grosse on how movements fade while political institutions remain. What's it mean for CRM?
Environmentally friendlier Mag Chlor sidewalk deicer. Refillable 25# bucket $15. Call us for free delivery within the district 410 528 1512
yep , preaching tn the choir
No apologies needed. Love is love.
Should the NRA really be taking membership from people under 18? See Santorum's daughter age 3 - now an NRA member.
Getting ready for the Edwardsville, IL High School Crafts Fair this Saturday & Sunday - will have personalized ornaments/Christmas earrings
IS MY SAVIOR !!
Kansas Gov Brownback and DOC Jones-Sontag are both ass's. Emma Sullivan is OK. Read the 2nd Admnt.
Re: Let It Be... It's not on Let It Be, only on the recent "Let It Be Naked" (2003). It was a B-side to the "Get Back" single.
Glad you're having fun!! Ha. ": Officer: "is that an open bottle?" Me: "those are broken bottles, so we're good right""
We must all participate in the defense of education under assault.
JoePa is still hangin in there people
you already know....tryin to organize this ride out to the shoot tomorrow with you, me and
Have a happy joy joy day!
The IUP women's softball game at home against Wheeling Jesuit has been canceled. Pirates still play the Rockies at home (7:05 ROOT).
: "We MUST make THINGS again". Manufacturing sector contributes 38% of job growth since recession.
Gimme the beat boys, and free my soul. I wanna get lost in your rock and roll and drift away.
RT Link: Art for Ransom - THE place to be tonight in Denver. Unless, like me, you’re going to Selichot services....
Hey Alec, how tall is your vase for the 37" KM #Hookah?
tomorrow is mother's day so what did you get your moms?? better do it up big cause mama's are the reason u are here!!!
now doing summer school to stay ahead of the game....shessh at this rate im going to graduate in two years
#Midsomer Murders is still so much fun as the latest season is proving. Sadly, only 2 episodes left :( #anticipatory withdrawal
Saw jump over the at #AllStar. Even more out of control: the HUGE success of the social campaign from it
Alloras my best friend because I don't have to dress up or wear make up to hang out with her
I don't even know. I was wondering the same thing. But if I were you I'd still make it cool. Maybe they'll still see it.
um... you got a vehicle that seats 7 that i could borrow tomorrow between 3pm and 9pm? i'll trade you my regular-sized car for the day.
. Quickbooks doesn't sleep with macs :-(
Preparing for tomorrow's family shoot. Almost time for night night...
These allergies<<<
- Miranda, Kudos on your ACM noms. Oh & please come on my morning show. I love you. LA loves you. Don't make me beg!!
thanks. john if he replies to you ping me...he is locked and i may not see the reply. thanks!
ok and is so !
a) my point exactly!!! B) are you trying to drop an instruction manual with your retweets?!
Are you ready to Blastoff? www.my.blastoffnetwork.com/usanetwork. It's a fun, free and easy way to save and make money!!
Ken just pop'd a pill and Ryu tryna get a nigga drunk lol
For a fat city, Milwaukee has a lot of lunchtime runners out today.
Agreed! RT "I am loving Jackie."
pick me up and I'm down! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I think they're really important. If someone doesn't want to look at it they don't have to, but it's definitely not obnoxious.
So this guy...he is amazing ^_^ haven't stopped smiling since last night
I have ruled the world in my past lives.
Happy and Successful New Year !
Each morning as I awaken you<U+FFFD>re the reason I smile, You<U+FFFD>re the reason I love. Jerry Burton
has completed eleven of her twelve hour shift! Let the count down begin!
Age-Related Eye Disease Study found that taking high levels of zinc w/ antioxidant vitamins reduced vision health risks....
My poor dog (Shiba Inu) is shedding so bad I can pull her hair out by the handfuls. Please cool us down Mother Nature!
from the mouth of babes
rt No, it's not true that "Cash for Clunkers" is the official name of the MKE Journal Sentinel's buyout program.
I just don't like that she is telling these people she is black French and native American when she is creole...
RT : Going to to bust out some quick prep thanks to !!!!!!!
A vanilla latte would have been perfect this morning!
Who's Guy Fieri?
Remember Illusions Restaurant in #Indy? Experience it's magic tonite at 8 pm @ Strand
and you always treat me like a superstar.
Good to meet you! RT : Any friend of is a friend of mine, Hello!”
JT has been working on his Christmas wishlist... he's toting the latest catalog all over. Yeah, he's still just 4 years old.
I love you broadly((:
Wishing our good friends at NTS Motorsports a successful weekend in racing! We love you guys!
Power is out, so oatmeal for breakfast. House is weirdly quiet.
Glad you are following! Welcome!
I really don't feel good today =( I'm just gonna lay in bed and study all day
sonic route 44 sweet tea hell yeah
Straight from the talent herself. Better time slot, please! RT pls tell the station to move it up.
I feel so bad now-a-days. I never talk to you anymore, and when i do, i always feel like when i have to go, i upset you :(
Happy Birthday to ! #winethursday? ;)
I'm still baffled as to why Thabeet only played 10 minutes, Flynn 18 minutes but Felton got 34 minutes in a #Blazers blowout by the
Whose gonna come rage with us Monday !!!!!!!
Kathy Griffin I can't wait...40 mins
GO ROCKIES...We need this series.....
RT : Beauty is a word, kindness is an act that makes you beautiful
what is this? Looks good...
I was in the business for ten years. I also was privy when I was with the team. I could tell you stories.
I feel better now I can go bk to sleep wake bk up in a few wit a game plan
Thanks. Really! The best cam is the one you have with you. Plus my pro kit is so damn heavy. How are you?
Rehearsal kicked ass tonight! this #Friday is gonna be epic!
The part of yourself that occasionally tries to fool yourself is the part of yourself that you need to work with. Capiche?
I was a little kid again!
Go Packers!RT : This is starting to look like Super Bowl XXXI. Aaron Rodgers reprises the role of Brett Favre.
booking and booking and booking. It will be a busy year....
hey doll, we're located in Hialeah, text/call for address and directions (305) 846-1251
God could not be everywhere and therefore he made mothers.
Was chilling with the younglins last night and they know how to PARTY...it was all LOVE.....
Who would be interested in a genealogy cruise?
My mom let me in the house. I'm hammered.
wow can't wait!
Bol I guess you not coming down there with me huh lol RT : woah there!
Stop sulking Frank.
Tamya is going to meet the owner of a studio tomorrow. And we've actually got a couple of songs finishes <U+263A> - Zay
Just breakfasted on leftover cornbread crumbled into a glass of milk! Oh to be a Californian with a Southern fetish.
I already have on made on here let me get his name for you
hey al does bill like the song its all bout the Pentiums or that other Microsoft song u did
If I look at analytics for almost anything, FB numbers are always higher.
"It's the remix to ignition, hot n fresh out the kitchen."
im just bout to start buyin shit and my mom won hella of money da casino
Thank you. I just found out how difficult it is to leave a comment. Thanks for trying
Why not be a part of what makes LA driving enjoyable? Last wknd to pledge
Leon Wieseltier~ No great deed private or public had ever been undertaken in a bliss of certainty.
Good morning loves:) x
nope not at all
.: will you guys livestream? very cool speaker line up!
but only one. Other is on sidelines calling next.
They will figure out a way to blame you for all of this.
I'm not one to get grossed out TOO easily, but I had to stop watching that halfway through.
banana smeared with peanut butter and dipped in granola!
Just super impressed with you guys for making it happen and embracing everything. Winners!
Our movement and campaigns can be translated with one click into more than 30 languages. Language won't stop you from making a difference!
Thanks, You do the same.
I'm not ready for the season to be over.. I get like emotional attached to you guys..
The Take It To The Head video is gonna be DOPE.
Happiness just isn't for me, I guess.
Better q is whether he will now embrace anti-bullying agenda for schools. #stopbullyingnow RT Was Mitt Romney a high school bully?
that sounds delicious. let me see how i feel - i've been hacking and coughing for days now. - sinus infection bo
You know that thing where Han and Chewie are having a conversation yet speaking different languages? I'm doing that with a one-year-old.
sorry... That movie seriously kicked a$$ though... One of the best action movies I've seen in awhile
Drunk and crazy and dont give a fuck!!!
wow way to call her out G!! Dang!
Just hooked my #Fitbit into cc
: lol yea. so do you work?
That sucks
I've called so many Senators and Assemblymembers "off the floor", I've run out of my HEP business cards. Handwritten notes for tomorrow!
Any suggestions for places to go on st pattys if you want tasty irish treats but want to avoid the 22 y/o drunk on green beer crowd?
. Went to for the first time this weekend. Definitely a good stop - even at 3am!
i'm good :D what are you doin?<3
I agree whole-heartedly! Work = Time / and we should be paid for our time.
Showed where me & used to hang out, today at
me me me!
We are at today!
If you only knew
love u too
Mavs looking impressive right now at Staples.... Although it shouldn't be this close with Kobe sitting out.
free margherita with purchase of a soda tonight for dinner with my wife ? i think so
I'm gonna try to overhaul my vocabulary by using a word from this list every day.
Those Geico recruiting commercials couldn't be more realistic. Great acting.
Could the PawSox rotation (with Clay) make the playoffs in the NL with an average hitting team?
I want here )=
Cost-benefit analysis: North Korea should stick with web design from now on!
string games are "digital", connected, participatory learning, too; thanks Teachers Teaching Teachers :)
Farewell by Rihanna is such a good song!
NEW Tweep Thursday! Sweet
After a bit of a hiatus, soon hope to be out with a new coffee table book of poetry~
so hows everyones composites going cause mine suck :(
Not sure she'd be good interview. She's shy. Her 14YO bro would be better. Just saved $600 for summer camp.
Happy Friday to all my followers. If you are a Mother, "Happy Mother's Day" Weekend!!!
You just have to trust that Jesus will build His church by the agency of His Spirit and by the power of His Gospel...
try soaking it in lukewarm water with dishsoap, and then try to rub it clean with a soft towel!! (google helps too hha
if you knew most REAL British girls you'd run a mile...;)
its not Crestview anymore :( But Tiger House all day! :)
maybe just until tomorrow afternoon. I have biz gig in NC on Thurs/Fri, but it may be cancelled. In that case I'd stay in STL
Yes, that makes a lot more since. I've mostly only known guys who did it, so they always just shave it.
lmao..i got more just relax and read
RT : Toni Atkins #CA State Assemblymember from #SanDiego mentions City Heights Building #Healthy Communities :)...
Thats like a month in dog years -
Sure thing, lovie(:
Has anyone had a Pizza from Johnnies on Parsons ave? What a great local joint. Sausg & Mush...excellent!
When your mom says she can tell you've lost some weight but your jeans are tighter then ever<<<<<<
Checkout Meech Dogg single JUICED UP on youtube an get JUICED UP with Meech Dogg...
you are so kind!!! i love you!!! Lots Of Love and Support <3 x
Now! Sending
yeah, keep me updated! Thanks!
was the shiz last yr! RT : Sounds classy when British dudes drop F-bombs still missing
USA Musicians Network Keeping American Music Alive! Our Objective is to foster and encourage creative partnerships with musicians and venues
What separates Durant from LeBrick is that Durant hasn't carried a team in quite the same manner as LeBrick did in Cle. and may never.
being busy keeps me from not being on here that much...how u been
Fantastic!! Thanks a bunch!!
aw right number two to number one yeah ;) x
Chilling! Do what you want no matter what ppl think!
Send updates if you can! RT : ready to go watch in the first round of nationals! god luck! (:
great speaking with you today. Can't wait to work with you!
hey luv!! howv you been? Hope ur enjoying the new year in #Style thanks for checking in on me I feel special.. really lol (:
How wonderful it is when God cancels your plans & gives you His to pursue with passion & determination like never before?
Mitt Romney and other #2012 candidates return to #DC tomorrow
Right! I already told her that this is gonna be an everyday thing this week. haha
Blue Bayou & Dixie Landin' better open soon because I'm bored!! :P
And I don't get why all of these MSNBC hosts all have him on. Chris did get him to LIE tonight tho re: his party affiliation
Some nice weather out today... Last and Final touches to this video. #boyfriendcover #newmusic :)
I'm listening to the new #jackwhite and the amazing all day today. How lucky are we, gettin' paid to listen to AMAZING MUSIC!
i officially hate my chem teacher
when you talk to that certain someone on the phone ..ALL SMILES
I'm hungry and I'm boycotting Megabytes. Looks like a lunch trip to Chipotle might be in order. Gunna pay with Eaglebucks!!!
Am I the only one that LOVES spoilers? #Bachelor doesn't start for an hour, but I know the ending. Thanks to my BFFL!
You would! RT : Have I mentioned how much I LOVE Lady Gaga? OMG!!!!!!!!!!!
It's a little Drizzy outside. Expect a Lil Wayne. xD
I'm feeling terrible right now got a stomach virus that's kicking ass, need some TLC, where my sexy nurse wit the red pumps?
Great family Easter weekend with the !
Don't play me, I'll whoop that ass tomorrow!!! I'm bout that life.#team thuggin
I just got very annoyed. This isn't even worth it.
Thanks - Let us know of any ghost stories from Carmel :-) RT : Cool RT : Preparing for our Ghost Walk
RT : Sen Callahan: Mayer's anti-prevailing wage bill rewards fly-by-night contractors from out of state at expense of
RC Cola fountain soda?
words for the word throne, skulls for khorne!
I can never get tired of watching The Blind Side
Damn that's a steep hill at 330...
Weather is not cooperating today.
Sounds good
I hope I can sleep tonight...
RT : and are all featured in the "Building a Bridge to Israel: A Latino-Jewish...
when does that happen?
up and at it! had to sleep off the pain... heading to the store to get some milk! My associate Connie had a good day at the office! Way2Go!
Any update on possible postponement?
If ur man was flirting with ur girl and she tells you, she's trying to protect u. So don't get mad at her! She's knows
what up i just followed u back
So u might have a crappy morning..dont let it ruin the rest of your day..filter your thoughts..think about what u want..n achieve it!!!
Me and my besties all said we gone throw our own prom because neither of us got to go w/ eachother.
safe travels!
King dissolved legislatures: freedom of religion, speech, press is guaranteed
My favorite players in the NBA are the defensive ones: Joel Anthony, Reggie Evans, etc. They always play hard and only care about the W.
luv you too, Nina! See you at the show!!!!!
Monday Special @ Tea Pot Lounge Buy one cookie get one free.
Happy #EarthDay! Today's the big day for my campaign!
HEB makes a pretty phenomenal tres leches cake. Who knew? Also it pairs well.with a Lone Star tall boy.
I believe it def. takes organization when you have twins! :)
Fellow Foodie eh? I was in Chicago for my birthday and enjoyed Purple Pig and The latter was probably my fav!
Hahahahaha I laughed out loud at the store when writing that today.
Lincoln Logs were invented by Frank Lloyd Wright’s son. via
ha! maybe after next month when I graduate. Still at claim jumper.
my grandpa had to stay overnight.
is me hero, shes awesome!
my last RT is so. fucking. true.
because I am graduating from the Institute for Integrative Nutrition today and can recommend them to my clients!
please follow and let her know i sent yuuu she is an amazingg singer!
Thank you! I think I'll open again, but it won't be until next summer at the earliest.
Ok, I just googled myself.......don't judge me :)
Stressed spelled backwards is desserts <3
WOW that some bullshit
I really need to stop walking into things ... Just almost broke through my screen door!
Watching clint #dempsey and the cottagers take on chelsea in the west London Derby!
i'm more confused
You da one I dream about all day you da one I think about always you day one so I make sure I behave my love is your love your love is mine
Happy Valentine's Day to all you music lovers out there! And, a Happy Birthday to Brit Turner with !
hey there! I was on the waitlist for the hackathon tomorrow in SF and wanted to see if I made it on the list?
it only get worse((( feel your pain.
VSU has unnecessary beefs going on and too much going on at there parties. Just irritated and ready to head to rva
I wanna buy my mom a house one day
#quotes #modivation #photo Genius is the ability to put into effect what is on your mind. F. Scott Fitzgerald
Wouldn't you rather have the chance for Kentucky to knock off the #2 team in the country?
ok got u
Thanks love!! Had a lot of fun and allowed the good in :) landed in syd yesterday, tired but good. Yes skype very soon!! x
U GOTTA B UNIQUE MY GUY
Thank you to those that took time 2 RT me today & everyday. I was reminded today to appreciate the process & enjoy where I am right now.
I gotta say, flight attendant Sally on #663 to SF is exceptionally rude. And my opinion is shared by those around me.
Attention Colonials! many pictures have been uploaded, be sure to tag away!
Very cool! Thanks for sharing!!
fuck poker...seriously
I have a MacBook Air that runs Windows. No "like" required.
Prepare for the rush of tears
female cow
I closed the deal Picked up my first survey pack.
hey sexy thanks for the follow. How r u
haha, yep - that was me. Where were ya?
paid ALA dues. ouch.
Your team is only as strong as it's weakest
. staff points out that copyright for code, writing, art etc is assumed; this is less true in hardware.
"When We Were Outlaws: a memoir of Love & Revolution" Jeanne Cordova today @ 909 West Adams 90007, 2pm, film of "Outlaws on Stage"
What is defeat? Nothing but education; nothing but the first steps to something better. - Proverb
yes - I am alive!
is new to Twitter and in need of followers! Make me proud Twitter family!!!
Follow "Date for a Cure?" RT this and you could be randomly selected to win VIP tickets!
did you get in?
California Audit Finds Sex Offenders Living in Homes Licensed for Foster Care ... - Fox News
IDont like hackers !
Seriously super setting has been giving the best workouts! Sometimes I wanna puke but that just means im working hard right?
Who else is at the game?!
Oh God,if there is one please help me with the girl hate I'm feeling right now, my eyes hurt from trying not to roll them for the past hour.
#CNNdebate Don't you think you'll have to give Obama some credit in order to get some crossover votes to win the presidency?
Just realized I have been doing schoolwork for the last 8 hours. Need to eat--sushi sounds good.
I told you--I'M ON BRB
#feminismLIS -also good 2 hear. something not always happening enough i.e.connecting dots Xgenerations
UL-slis research conf- love the title of presentation: steaming up the circ desk. What did you think it was about? EBooks
Hope you had a good time!
RT : Foo Fighters, Pearl Jam, Florence & The Machine to headline Music Midtown 2012. Tix on sale this Saturday at 10...
Welcome Superg as my newest Products Division Upgrade
On route to Moose Jaw, by way of Minneapolis... about to fly over the Land of Laufenberg in Western WI... Big Wave!
how can we host a free public screening of the film here in DC?
Please do not give relationship advice if you single! lol
That's not what they mean by "heirloom" tomato
waka and busta both at the same time
Going out with boyfriend tonight..
We heart you!
Just did a search for Ninjas for Dummies and Amazon gave me Conspiracy Theories and Secret Societies For Dummies instead. Very Suspicious.
I missed you too but I'm probably gonna have to go again soon haha.
it's possible!.so many online publications! the hardest part is convincing yourself you have enough research to sit down & write
#ReplaceA7xSongsWithBanana Strength of the Banana
What's poppin tonight?.
Quarantine lifted at San Quentin. back on track.
And no! I will not tell u, until the time is right!
No! Are you going?
I've actually not read that book yet. Did you like it? Even though I haven't read it, feel free to ask away—I'm always game.
Followed purely off her Avi smh I need help lol
Coyotes Win!!! Happy for Shane Doan, guy has represented organization with class!! Onto the next one...
Isaac Anderson | Making up for his big drop | With big first down catch |
Stephan A. and Skip are clowning. haha
I agree, the commercials and nonsensical interface are two reasons I don't use GoDaddy.
A lot of rain today!!.. It sucks big time!!
Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow.
THX 4 being 1 of our angels who helps others my man URB & THX for sending your friend with brain cancer! keep well BRO:) !!!!
thanks!! It was interesting to say the least. Kind of crazy it's all over!
looks interesting... started by an SC student?
you are gonna freeze the ladies out of the bldg
Atlanta Metropolitan College
I didnt know u did drag...
Yeah, that's my only beef w/Sam.
drive was good. However,we don't know where were sleeping tonight... blah!
I like playing smack-talk words in WWF. I started a match with ENDGAMES. At the end of that game, I lost.
DON'T BE JEALOUS FOOL
Peace, love, and soul...forever!
Hey, I'm a Spurs fan - all I can visualise is everything turning to crap.
will transgender health webinar be archived for later viewing?
I salute and support all the working mean and women in Milwaukee and Wisconsin. Thank you for all you do. Have a safe and Happy Labor Day!
Parker receives Gatorade Player of Year Award
Snow is falling and we have a beautiful view. If you need a change of scenery, come work with us for the afternoon!
Heats won!!
River Whyless will be here shortly!
I'll be there, in all my glory.
#ICantLiveWithout real niggas in my circle....
A beauty is a woman you notice; a charmer is one who notices you
Congratulations Jessica! Thank you and for an amazing app party and helping a child with special needs! :)
It gets better.
I'm pretty sure I'm about 10 minutes away from all sorts of trouble...,
Happy B-Day ;D
Babylon Five never had an episode titled "Hour of the Respiratory Infection TMI."
Sometimes you have to go backwards to go forward.
I know. I feel for all #Flyers fans. Seriously. Our #Flyers friends here voice their frustration all the time. :(
Celtics win again! See you in NY!!
Looks like its going to be an early night tonight!
as an eBay alum I say: highly unlikely
Nice. Enjoy!
Just spent the last two hrs finishing my stupid math project
Really???? A chance for snow tomorrow??? Ugh.
why not just go?
U have either fell down a hole, ran away, or just got kidnapped.. Cause I don't hear from u anymore..
Obama delivered the commencement address at Barnard College today, Uncle Jesse from The Dukes of Hazzard spoke when I graduated from
Oh hey, Adriana Lima is shooting a commercial outside of Mavi on broadway. Such a crowd watching this haha
I looked at every part of your eye there isn't one..
AINT NO WAY AROUND IT!
At Dolly Parton's Dixie Stampede Dinner Show watching Dick Franco and his son juggle!
lol thanks Ollie but actually I'm 2nd oldest!
Good seeing you tonight! yeah, I found it in the office... #noworries #happygrading ;)
Ight cool I'll hit u up
Joe warren is a beast!
will do! No cheese press, sadly. I looked, just for you.
ill come with yu :)
You're almost there!
Catching up on last night's Bold moves from out of the gates! The Maverick shows no mercy.
er, by all means say that about me if you wish but don't use an RT and make it look like said it!
Attending the at San Diego City Council to listen to what members of our community think could jump start our local economy.
on the other hand, do we really want copyright controlled by litigious corps? just sayin'
Root canal time! Gross...
Doing commercial today in New Joysee... Gotta smile pwitty...
: Thanks for following Jamie and look forward to receiving your tweets.
Er sorry bro RT : Yeah! Love how the Jayhawks are looking RT Kansas shedding wood on the Horns early.
don't disrespect him!
WIN FREE PIZZA WEEKLY! Text FacebookPJ to 90210. Normal messaging rates apply.
I'm definitely obsessed with these grilled cheese sandwiches from Cheeseboy
What's it mean when participants aren't part of all stages of research? Shouldn't they have say over all aspects
: So if nca. not meant ..., when NPD to enforce (not) parking sidewalks and why P&R closed ped path Oyster Shell?
Thanks for the mention and following!
The Patapsco has named their latest app. Details coming soon…
I read the papers and watch the news on tv and all i can say is AMERICA ...LETS GET IT TOGETHER.!!
My mom left my window open and now my allergies are killing me -___- Thanks Mom! -_-
are we meeting pre-eating or @ restaurant?
Oh well... But one thing is for sure. No matter what I will ALWAYS love United
I know crack is bad and all, but you can't deny it's weight loss benefits.
This ain't nothing a good drink & my best friend can't fix..
Good-night Columbus, Ohio!!
We all need that one person in our lives who we can tell everything to. Otherwise life becomes so lonely & painful.
Anyone wanna be my Co-Owner ?
I am very sad that the PRINCESS show, Maya Rudolph's Prince cover band is sold out at the Largo.
shut up shay
"approximately" 12x too much! I need to use twitter to confirm my measurements in future projects. Tile's going back to the store
Broke in the saddle on my brand new bike. Great ride followed by a hilly run ended at Bascom Hill with
Finally! #Spotify for #iPad! It makes my premium subscription all the more worth it.
I think that #tech is essential in project based learning.
will it or will it not be guilty?? We will know soon.
Love that 'Lampin'. Remind me of growing up in Johnston Co. NC. Couldn't wait to dub Kev's tapes when he came from NYC every summer
Prescription Discounts - Discounts up to 50% - Kerr Drug - PLAVIX -
Brandy Chastain ripped her shirt off.
A total of 241 people have spent an average of 48 seconds viewing your restaurant page on the domu Chicago history map.
This lady is s l o w l y learning to "wind down" earlier in the evening. Taking me AGES to grasp that concept gosh darn it!!
Hello John, how are you?
Take everyone in the world as seriously as you take yourself.
Now, now. Leave the poor man alone.
Nice buck bro! Nothing beats WI in white tail deer! Can't wait for hunting season!
you're at the end of the rope - the pole is 15' away, the hay 10' beyond that, if the horse walks the other way, he can reach!
Widd my bestfriend watching my favorite movie Pineapple Express ;D i love her!<3 on_no
Untill something tragic happens, you don't understand how important family is.
Unlock Your Phone with Your Voice with New Sensory Tech - PC Magazine
I agree :( love beautiful aussie women!
so you are a Man Fan and have bieber fever
I need my fan on to fall asleep or else I'll be up all night.....
It's game day!!! Come out to watch the Toros play and the CCDs dance! Game starts at 1pm :-)
follow me plz
Sad because we didn't win the Travis Barker competition :( How are you!?
The United States' hate is arousing... I think I'm about to cum more lyrics!
I'm doing great! So sunny& 80deg today in Seattle so enjoying it :) How was your weekend?
DC: What bald headed, over achieving, quick tempered, wife beating, corrupt, bully, will soon be unemployed? SURVEY SAID!
JOEL PIPER JUST RESPONDED TO ME... LIFE=MISSION ACCOMPLISHED
Making our final preparations for #MIPIM next week. Contact us to meet up or for more details about some of our events.
Sunday at Jazzberry Jam jazz vespers 2:-400 Mother AME Zion in Harlem USA. Curated by lil Phillips. Free will offering
Totally! Every third burger I eat is probably a veggie burger. Love them!
Nd I gotta go to courtt gay...
Ivy is such a fucking cunt. I kept trying to like her, but knew she would be a cunt in the end.
No, I make things up that will inspire her imagination towards recomending alternative therapies.eg reason with the aliens Bob
I'm not that blonde to wave at you backwards!(:
Don't care what Tebow just did.
Azucar Ent. & Verizon", In Assoc. w/ Blue Martini Night Club Presents... The "Bailando Con Verizon Dance Comp.!" Friday Feb.24th!
It's time to bring in 2012 ya'll!!!! We wish all of you a safe New Year's Eve tonight! God Bless!!!!
RT - Hey Tribe fans! Its Saturday July 2nd 2011 and your Cleveland Indians are in 1st place. Enjoy!
my ticket was free. What's your excuse? Haha
Few have a fresh case of HopSlam (2012), fewer have a case of Nugget Nectar (2012), 1 man has both.
"Matt, are you old enough to buy a chainsaw?" Lmao some little kid that came in the duke
Sandberg=my favorite player while growing up. Led Cubs by example. No weaknesses; quiet, consistent & professional-all class.
one for me one for you and then I will just ask politely for the jersey from your sis. Best idea today.
cats are in a coma after using the Yeowww Catnip toy. they really should put a warning on that thing. like no other catnip toy i've seen
I'm so jealous of you right now, I want your car!
I can smell the smoke now!
Never been impressed by Obama's staff hiring. Summers, Daley, Sperling, Donilon, Lew etc...all Clinton people. Couldn't he find new talent?
So, the government is corrupt, short-sighted and stupid, but you'll fight privatization to the death?
Wow my mom just burned the food -_- now what are we suppose to eat?
what's your name
Thank you for your help! You are great!!
that's what's up, stay strong :-)
We will be there!
Yea she'll reply that imma beast
my personal twitter feed is getting neglected again because I need to focus on my company feed. No fears I will try to post more regularly!
The nudity I just saw on my timeline made me sad.
I can only imagine how much it must hurt... :( RT What's mother's day anymore?
Fun to see such a crowd gather for possible glimpse of #Obama at 21st and P as I walked to lunch. People hanging out of windows, w cameras..
Amazing how many parents you see at 8th grade graduation mtgs that you have never seen in entire 3 years of middle school. Wow Priorities!?!
nowplaying - #SaySomething by so proud of ma boy~ *le cries*
#mycarissounreliable I know every tow truck driver in town
Love Oher. What will we do about the wide receiver position though???
#pitt and #butler tied with 2 mins to go. Another NCAA choke by Pitt? who you got?
I might have to go splash around in the rain today.
Is ePub a viable cross platform format for instructional design/development?
Heading to salon getting my hair did n massage
We love The Mulligan Project, you should go and google them right away! -smooth and sexy =)
Working on campaign hashtag not a TM. Hunch that registry = old strategy, thanks 4 confirmation!
Coltons on the way!
I hear ya...hang in there ;)
my hair is crying out for a perm. lbs. almost a year without one.
I'm now in Toronto!
Working from Colombia!
we got to get another great article from you. If and when u have time. Cc2k loved ur superhero bar article.
Up in his rooms, 'Abdu'l-Bahá is talking to about 20 white women about the advantages of interracial marriage.
Okay. Literally that was a tie. But officially the finish: T Mez is your winner, Stanbrough, KT, Gulick, Boesfplug!
Feel free to text me words of encouragement while I get these projects done.
I don't know what you call it when you mix Hennessy & grape ginger ale, but I'm on 3rd ya'll!
At #pmo2012, Stephen Dwyer, House staffer, relates amusingly that even internal .gov leg systems are built on invaluable
Do you ever wanna lead a parade while playing your stomach like a drum? I do. :)
JOHN CARTER was a mixed bag. Let's just hope it encourages people to read the books.
Stop the pity party and focus on improving your life. You have a son, a fiance and a family who need you at your best.
THE STORY OF US!.
#PeterCoffee talking about Experience = Interaction which leads to adaptation Visit us at #Phorum12 today at #World Cafe Live!
Who cares about the rain? Time to have some fun on the water
my tweets r my thoughts,nothing more nothing less. Sorry if thats hard 4 u 2 believe,but some ppl on here actually use their brain.
Head to the #Hub shopping center for your reward! lol
Top musicians
Foster The People deserve to be onstage with Beach Boys. NOT Maroon 5.
San Juan Acequia reopening today at 10 AM near Slattery Hall! Come out for the celebration!
Q: Do you know the difference between a poker player and a dog? A: After a few years the dog stops whining.
m, what ya want?
Nap time :)
Viewing slick app by Maestro that gets product info to sales force via iPad. Admits: app is a CMS, skills training is ILT.
We have a great lineup of industry pros like Patrick Rue, Founder of , and Greg Koch () of
I would but those cookies made me super tired! I'm in bed. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
RT Siem Reap is a photographer's paradise!
Im sick a hell and my grandma just made me soup i love her <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098><U+2728>
Out with tinybaby crush boy!
me too what class you in?
yea I know you got that thick hair too! Will try it for sure! Thanks!
And anyone that follows UW basketball knows that he's more loyal to his players then probably any other coach
Shamrock shake and some Jimmy Johns - great dinner to me.
Damn i need to start tweetin more on this account
oh snap.
Time to get my butt over to the gym!!!! I can't believe healthy living is my new addiction.
Get this.. It's also one of 's dads favorite movies.. He owns the DVD too.
Awesome!! Celebrate in style, girl!
nothing like discharging a fire extinguisher for ur first time for fun. i feel alive
is still only following one person.... what happened??
Don't let the game extort ya...
I'm at with the marketing team from Germany. Good times.
new icon she looks gorgeous :)))
Tonight's Helium Comedy Club star on at 6:10pm
Just read your last two blog posts. I like and respect the way you think. (no snark from me, honest appreciation)
applying for a job at justice:D first job EVER pretty exciting(:
RT : “Great things are not accomplished by those who yield to trends and fads and popular opinion.”
oh sister i agree
That awkward moment when Ur at a park just sittin on a bench then Bruno mars walks by dragging a piano
thank you so much !!! And Thanks for taking the time out to Watch it!'
: That's what I'm sayin! If you don't get one, Def Jam flashlights in 2012!!
Getting tired of my horoscope talking about me and my sweetheart.... Dammit there IS NO sweetheart!
well said!!
ah!!! That cockroach video: horrifying....and educational.
Voting for mindless behavior on one o six and park
Love is blind , but it can sure find it's way through the dark !
hahaa!! we were out like 45 mins we had to line up in height order first then wait for the sun to go behind the clouds!
thank you!
yo mayne, i went to yo crib today a little late but i got to see
chickie I'm missing you...
WHO GOT SOME FOOD I CAN BORROW? ??? ^_^
Very good hour-long format debut for today, — excellent show!
Silly me for thinking my allergies had died down a bit. I can't imagine dealing with this year round.
If only If only I could be nxt to rite now if only we were together if only u weren't with him if only you stilled cared </3
The day my shop opens my dream will have come true!
Hey folks, Today, Dec. 22nd, we are playing at the Madison Theater in Covington, KY at 6 PM with Close To Home. Come chill with us :)
what's the best indoor helicopter toy to drive cats crazy?
I can go all day...remember UCTT? Nice snowboarding weekend you went on there.
Looks like the journal publishers at #datacite agree: data doesn't belong with them, but rather linked to their articles
I wish Tim Dillard would do an impression of a decent pitcher. #Brewers vs
boy , i just cant take me eyes off you :))
#followmekianlawley ill love you forever <3
Just post new painting. www.peggyguichu.com/works/367958
We cleaned the joint up from last night, time to tear it up again Sunday Funday Ya'll. JC
Im only mad because I could not be there
agree Jon G. No place in the game for home plate collisions. Don't know why they allow it in pro ball.
your cover for teen hoot was amazing! if i could like it a billion times i would! <3 follow me? :)
haha nothing crazy just easing into it..do reps of pushups, situps, crunches, and do some stuff with dumbbells
Emily, it was great to finally meet you in person! Looking forward to many more tweets & in person chats with you.
Orange chicken and noddles :)
THIS WEEK!! The Maine, Lydia, Shadows Fall, Baroness, Andrew Jackson Jihad. What a crazy crazy week this will be...
is at her New York Cares [Volunteer Org] orientation. :)
ODP blows hard nowadays
Cooking ratatouille and watching Downtown Abbey
"He has my father's eyes :)" "Gomez, take those out of his mouth... Dx" xD Gotta love the Adams Family.
It's amazing how / / PAIN // Haterz push THE GREAT to MAD Sucess!
How about coming to Herman's Hideaway this Friday for Best of the West round 3? Bring an autographed photo of Ralph Macchio.
Interesting bifurcated strategy: very rural *and* very urban locations.
I have lost 20 pounds!
love you more.
Happy to represent with at the #aupcawards2012 Congrats to the winners!
It's going to happen like the music industry...just a decade later. Awesome.
Great piece on Get Real in the IBJ... Impressive results.
<~~lmaooooo and I copied and paste to my reply
I mean, hey, I think he's hot...I'm just saying...I wouldn't be shocked if it were true. lol
2 nite on CTJR.The world has waited 4 a while for the next great jazz vocalist wait no longer, she's here.
Tonight was beyond great (:
Dude your team's is #DOOP. Come on. Also, Nashville.
So what does it mean that a quarter of my paltry number of twit followers are spambots?
hahaha I know I was being facetious :) its gonna be an awesome game!!!
Haha no you are fine I love it!:)
you got Til The World Ends by Brittney Spears <3
Logged onto reddit on my computer and realized I missed my cakeday.
keep up the amazing work Christina! We all love you and can't wait for what's next! xoxox <3
hahaha, dale! where?!
Upfront Consultants would like to welcome Tamp,Fl based a new client.
RT - New England Patriots at Oakland Raiders Week 4 preview: A fan's ...
I thought my parking bill was bad, you've lapped me almost twice
how has the return to work been? Hope it's been a smooth transition. :- D
#10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Your Mentor Is Connected To Your Goals&Dreams...Invest."
My DVR is set, lady! RT Checkout my episode of NCIS:LA tonight at 9pm on CBS!!! It's a good one, I promise!!!!
Might be coming to Chicago on her book tour and I think we should go.
When did you get into this?
I don't wanna do shiiiit today. and that's what I'm gonna plan on doing. :)
I guess it's just to make sure
I survived is such a good show
Can't wait to hear them!
Another example of how our social fabric is woven on the loom of corporate profits.
I'm the only one at work who doesn't play fantasy football. I don't like football. Or baseball. I prefer women's softball. They don't spit.
So normal tweets go to FB & LI, retweets to LI, not FB, and @ tweets go to neither? Is this correct?
yeah good. it's actually pretty murder-spree inducing.
Chubb: Florida is great example of giving students right to choose digital learning.
you hate power rangers lol
I want to take a fly swatter to two yapping girls behind me at this conference.
Alvin how are U ?
Sold my extra graduation tickets for $1 each. What a field day I will have at the food cart along W 4th!
Last day in Dallas! Head back home to my beautiful
well, Nicole is meeting me @ Ferry building around 1 if you want to join us.
Could really go for a delicious #beer from or a beverage from right about now. Be at in an hr *hint*hint*
even though it's not officially Valentine's Day here in America yet, I'll say it to you, so Happy Valentines Day!!! =))
know of any cool dancey music belen and i can use that's royalty-free?
Brooke's party then sleepover with Mariah(:
The road of life can only reveal itself as it is traveled; each turn in the road reveals a surprise. Man's future is hidden.
You can't. It isn't even possible.
Eighty percent of 10 year old girls in the USA go on a diet. - Via the Funny Facts Free app -
So spongebob got all high with patrick wen he didn't get the promotion lol xP
man my <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> trippin smh. Idk how to make it stop.
RT : Hey I just met you, and this is crazy, but you're so sexy, so have my babies.
didn't use to be something's changed the last 20 years in football, where the risk of concussion has gotten worse
Agreed, though his "strict enforcement of rules" went out the window with the first real test (Union president Richezza).
Let me see how good these new headphones are
Welcome to the beautiful 206!
"Hey remember that time we filmed that scene where my boner hit your leg?" - Bob Marley Jr. On #Glee tonight
Batman has no friendzone.
#youainthittinitright if she is thinking "when is this going to end?'
Wishing all of my tweeps a
THE ARTIST is about to begin. Trying to keep an open mind.
I heard you crazy ladies will be working on some more projects this weekend too!
#Osama Bin Laden He was the symptom, US foreign policy is the problem.
haha hell no you wanna get me fired
sire yes its go time
#GCB is hilarious!
Returned from Vegas trip penniless
ED Reed
Anthony Davis Unibrow Endorses JustInTymeSports Mini Basketball Hoops - sports hoop
#lis483 I think it evens out by the end, but it is an adult book. Adult/YA balance reminded me of Jodi Picoult
If you are a Reno developer and would be interested in meeting with Amazon recruiters, please get in touch
no..... Honestly I've been working alot and trying to make some money. But my bday is next week :))
Thx for agreeing to chair the ASCH panel! Its a thrill to be in NOLA w/ in Jan!
You know what I switched from at&t cause my bill was getting rediculously high. I had 3 phone lines paying around 500 a month.
whoa, traffic is terrible this morning.. ew!
Sure, you can make the arg that #opendata is overemphasized in #opengov. But it doesn't make #opendata a joke.
doesn't it? I'm always looking for movies that show the possibilities of science, not just doomsday scenarios.
I hate being stood up :/
lol check u out. That's what's up tho. How bout them Celtics?
Woah your hairs really curly!! Haha Dave(: you guys are hilarious<3
Sorry buddy, but I'm all out of second chances
Lunch time is just around the corner and the sun is coming out to play....come on by!
announcing the addition of 3 new full-time employees at SRA!
Bcuz our #US gov keeps installing jihadists as the gov in middeast nations we take over, to do our bidding. Not normal
They mist have known you'd be there ;) RT : Pittsburgh airport is 2 packed right now! What's going on!!!??
Why do I read Drudge before going to bed? Just stirs me up.
Colonel Sanders~ Theres no reason to be the richest man in the cemetery. You can't do any business from there.
well, I'm opening with a disclaimer about the cards. I have to read. Bad short term memory.
On this day in 1703, John Wallis, the English mathematician who invented the 8 symbol for #infinity, was born.
Congrats to all nominees!
wanna hav mine??
How are you doing? Is the Olympics still a possibility?
Indeed, life is full of these difficult questions. Hey, when your Lakers gonna dump their Coach?
You share an important message about transformation & grief, Alana , as those of us who have been there know.
Where are all the dozens of police cars going in College Park?
When your alarm goes off an hour early
it's the truth. *shrugs* Your 5ft 1 3/4in of something special.
giving up to easy dufe
how is training going?
RT : FACT: Last time North Carolina amended their constitution on marriage it was to ban interracial marriage RT
Working on getting our Sunday services posted to iTunes. Look for that soon!
& how do you know him? lol #creepin much?
no you don't! You don't know them like I do!
Hands down the gayest halftime show I've ever seen! Crap!
good luck nerd you've been studying to much to not pass lol
I got my haircut today, but we have nothing near that nice, just #taxidermy animals.
A job at Pride. Are you going to the starkid concert???
Oh Yes! I am sorry I have not responded, I was gathering performers for you. You should hear from Penelope Rose soon. : )
COCO LOUNGE TONIGHT PEEPS!! CRUNK ALERT IS IN FULL EFFECT!!!
What's the name of that tool that enables you to record iPhone and iPad demos from your computer?
Hey Nina!
Just getting back to LAX from the St Pete Grand Prix...haven't seen it this crowded since the holidays!
Great steady traffic everyday! Ran out of the famous Gemeinhardt fingering chart posters yesterday
LOL for the groundlings, go tomorrow, sat, and or wed?? not sure if i can make it tonight
I know you left it i forgot i had it
Last night was awesome, but I'm paying for it now
It's going to be 50 degrees tomorrow! Make sure to stop by for $1 oysters and $5 martinis!
Ta ta Pinterest.
website looking good!!!!
The more I stare at the word 'exhibits', the more I'm convinced that it's not a real word.
": bring us food" make me a sammich bitch!
5 hour energy
next time we cater and you're around, we'll be sure to bring a little extra for your bowl! :)
Watching Knocked Up because it's amazing and it's about a mother.
GOOD LUCK and be sure that you get put on Amazon as well. I am an author as well and I wish you great luck!
Simply tell us who will win the #MNF game tonight, b4 the game, to be entered to win a prize! Use the Facebook Challenge tab on our page!
": If someone is strong enough to bring you down, show them you're strong enough to get up again."
How can we solve Upper Manhattan's rat infestation? Community Board 12 is brainstorming @ meeting.
i'll keep it clean for you :)
Great! Will touch base when things start coming together.
#ThingsIveLearned GRACE! HA!!!!!!!!!!!
Very interested to hear what the manic collective of #Buffalo sports fans have to say after that #Caps loss.
We have a new server ready - vpn-in67 OpenVPN (SSL) server in New York. It's available in your customer area now.
Happy V-Day!! , any plans tonight?
I found a little grocery store in Oak Harbor. Gunnar needs Angostura bitters to make pisco sours.
Was a new program called #musichub (bloatware) added automatically and can you please take it back?
This is the longest stretch of perfect summer weather I've ever seen in my life. But I'm worried about what season we'll have in June.
My pleasure! RT Thx for the RT | Newsletter: Solutions for Working Moms - Back-to-School Survival Tips conta.cc/pBknGX
Do u thinks he's coming for Christmas??
You know it's good when the drive thru line extends through half of the Target parking lot next door.
They should fortify coconut milk ice cream with vitamins so I feel less guilty about eating it
every. single. one.
Sherryl says that interviewers mistakenly ask risky questions and ask the interviewee to hypthosize without background info.
Not that I could actually catalog the last day of winter. I don't think even Nomenclature 3.0 would allow that. #grammar fail
no joke gurllllll!
I can honestly say that Amy Lee made me cry and empowered me so many times that I just love her.
#SandraBullock speaks German...HOT!
Last Monday of High School ...
#AT40 with just kicked off! Who do you think will be #1?!
The press keeps coming!!So proud of
RIP Junior Seau.. stunned
Happy Holidays from your favorite production company
Gladys is light on her feet. You go Girl.
For those who are in the threat of all this horrendous weather coming, please have a plan of safety! Apparently it's gonna be real real bad.
sure thing :) how you been?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> seriously tho. No te apure shell be able to meet arianna soon. Probably Saturday I'll let you take her for the morning
Thanks for the plug for the November Compliance Workshop! Should be a good one!
yes. Somewhat restrained though, by his standards
OMG were is Alcatraz
what's an 'internet tough guy' I'm on my phone.
Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer. ~Ted Williams
...I hate all of you . You suck lol
Thank you for spreading the word... you are much too kind, but we'll take it!
Someone was selling one copy on eBay.
Young MOney Babiiee
Lawrence O'Donnell making a fool of himself tonight.
I didn't get the memo haha.
Thunder! Lightening! Makes me nostalgic for midwest storms.
hey man, check out or #BMI for songwriting/publishing. If you're doing covers, the Harry Fox Agency can sell the licenses.
Early bird rate ends Feb 16th. Not only do you not want to miss out on this amazing event, but you don't want to miss out on paying less!!
RT : 'Topes let one get away, dropping the series finale to 12-10. I-Cubs come to town tomorrow!
searching for .NET Developer for client in Washington, DC (New York Ave)
Now at cumberland mall in marietta
RT Driving to Bristol. ETA 7:53 PM using Waze - Drive Social
The most beautiful girls are the ones that have more to offer than just her looks.
Yesterday could have been the worst attempted lie I have ever seen
Practice practice practice
oh dang! She looks nice .. guess not.
I cant wait to go on the Show this Thursday I'm Excited! *How you doing!* :)
Follow for tweets about
So official #OMG GIRLZ i love that song
Looks like The Sitch needs to catch up to you
mine too. Gonna have lunch at cabo blanco. Peruvian joint.
I've NEVER sleep walked before! It just suddenly happened after me & my cousin started having paranormal experiences.. /:
thank you for coming!
#WhatILoveMost when I see you and I get butterflies that's what I love most<3
not true! Just jealous I don't have one
Was elected Vice President of AAHGS-metro Atlanta chapter today.
let me know if you need help with any puns, and if they need to be G rated.
I once told someone they didn't really care about music as much as I did. Now I try not to make stupid judgements about things I don't know
Dang, the other ones are cheaper, too. But I think you're right! Maybe I'll get both and see. Free shipping FTW!
Buttercup just had #9 WHOA !! more than I predicted for her .
Right on! Thanks!
Man Brandon Jennings is consistently inconsistent. Consistentcy is the key
Movie time with friends
Let's get in the car and drive!
When you're looking for excellence, you'll never discover the shortcut.
Shower before bed to wash #pollen off skin.
So much shame. It's sad that honesty can be so painful.
I know. Either a small world or the six degrees of Dave Pino.
Pizza with Canadian bacon and olives (?), one of my oldest friends & her fam, Sacramento heat, pool + jacuzzi = great Labor Day w.e. Sunday.
what??? You mean a major in leisure studies and $100k in student loans is a bad thing?
You can't speak for the entire community. You can only speak from YOUR experience.
Can't let go of the iPhone's app. Full HD 1920x1080 resolution. Good enough for broadcast? Guess we'll find out.
This duet is struggling to stay in frame
haha I agree
Planning on forcing myself into an amish family! Someone get me a bonnet and apron stat!
Just arrivied in Indy. The IndyGo express bus is cheap ($7.00) fast and the way to get to the hotel.
You're 100% correct! Let'm keep running their mouths, they are their own worst enemy.
I'm bored as <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
Melancholia is giving Tree of Life a run for most boring movie.
At chuck e cheese wondering what was i thinking its chaos in here. The pizza better b damn good.
Just listened to on #ymiw. He wrote Kitten Mittens and Wildcard Bitches for It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia. Hilarious.
welcome to the land of twitter. RT Good morning. This is my first tweet!
Go see "Rent" The Musical...Very Talented people!!
they dont follow you because they dont see EVERY tweet everyone tweets them do you see how many followers they have?
woah how did i get all these followers?
Taking SATs at my bestfriend's school aka Wylie! Because you guys obviously care. Lolololol.
i appr ur attempt to get at cause of Trayvon incident, but ur way off.
good luck!!:)
Not rain, nor rain, nor showers shall stop us from #ShamROCK. tonight. A little pre-game warmup at #WetWillies doesn't hurt!
We're there for brunch more than dinner, but they are a definite fave.
“: "We are like dominos. I fall for you, you fall for another"”
One day were all talking on the phone the next day were mad at each other.. Typical..
It is now!!! RT : I don't know what time zone I'm in... Is it #RealNiggaHours yet EST???
- I'll be hosting the world's first airport author reading at Concourse H/K boutique at 1 PM. Books & truffles!
He did a great job promoting himself. And it made people hate him. Both things happened. I don't hate him for it. Many do.
Greetings from the Motherland!!!!!!
I wish I could remember where the Safe Place in my house is. I keep putting things there and never finding them again.
Yes, pretty badass.
I don't hate school i just hate, the teachers, homework, exams, and waking up in the morning. RT if you do too! :]
We made some on Saturday, and it was delicious, but I think it will be even better now that we have some idea what we're doing!
I have Camels. I feel whole again!
u a sexy young lady
im thankful for you being apart of my life and teaching me to follow my dreams
At #onsocial workshop on big data and social analytics. Smart group of people to brainstorm benefits of
Thank you and for the follow!
Apparently I now go to the grocery wearing a beltbag and carrying a list. Discuss. NB: list inspired by cookbook
then you could never be my boyfriend. That's my biggest pet peeve! I hate not getting a goodnight message.
Great day to smoke some herb!
Watching Breaking Dawn With Jordennn((:
A T T E N T I O N Tweeters ! Go Follow Our Group Twitter account The SWAGGED OUT GIRLS && my team
Transform LivingSocial ideas for classroom: walls made of whiteboards and glass, big screen for laptop-- space for action
you going tomorrow?
One tree hill is intense
do you put on your makeup and fix your hair before you skype?
Brought home my project I did on the boys. Wasn't going to let it get trashed <3
you are so not dope, home skillet
happysaturdayjamz: "Young Liars" by TV on the Radio.
blow me away
Can you still be cool if you aren't able to grow a moustache?
Thanks for the link love :)
Baseball started, now you can get back to rooting for the Yankees. So, now you're a UK, Yankees, & Cowboy fan.
how long going for? Which days of week at WDW?
Oh the joy bankruptcies bring me each n everyday! Haha ya
#RESPECT RT The red sea of support will be behind you.
By the time I recognize this moment, this moment will be gone. But I will bend the light, pretend, that it somehow lingered on.
Without you, tomorrow wouldn't be worth the wait and yesterdays doesn't deserve to be remembered
Skating tryouts at 530 am....ah so nervous!
Dear brain, I need to write. Turn on, please.
Happy birthday baby!
I'm watching the #ProBowl! Are you???!!!
The should have Boston celebrities do the train stop announcements instead of that computerized guy. People'd be excited to ride
Some amazing staff are headed to some amazing camps this summer! what are you most excited for this summer?
16k people in the US kill themselves each year because of debt problems ~ Tomorrow find out how to get your finances in order
Seriously RT : This drive is lingering
I liked my sex dreams better before I realized they were just sexual tension dreams.
20hrs in Detroit sounds like a sentence for a petty crime
does he even look at you when you guys are dong it or does he make you put on a paper bag?!
Thanks for coming thru Honey!! Make sure you post pics when you rock your Top!!
I want I want I want to be love by you
All jokes aside. Andrew Bynum is aging at a frightening pace. They grays multiply every time the camera cuts away
Alvarez is good, BUT I don't think that good
3 days until the new season of #faceoff . I can't wait!
Can anyone in Albuquerque recommend a good place to get an oil change/transmission flush for my truck?
Aww, you're such a little cutie!
Agree. Talky talk. RT : FOX's pro-anti- Tweeter scoreboard is spectacularly useless. like measuring supporters hit speed-dial
Happy Paczki Day! A Mueller Communications tradition!
Thank you, ! A happy #ff to you, and thanks for all you do.
Starbucks is calling my name...
Thanks for including tweet in #Storify. New to me :)
My etsy will be back in business tomorrow! Thanks for your patience, everyone.
Just woke up, thinking about hitting the gym but my bed is so comfy
I'll be thinking about your brother! My partner was in the navy & I know how odd the military/academic disconnect can feel.
Bout to shut it down , been a gobbling good night!
I'm happy now cause Austin is having concerts in more parts of the world <U+2665>
I don't know much...but I do know my baby k would love some one to tweet a pic of #mickeymouse . #justsaying lol have fun!
4hrs? That's a long class!
night guys
definitely would do a piece for socialmediamonthly, please let me know how to get in touch!
being bored and thinking bout stuff
Time to close this out #Gators, lock this series up.
“: Loving you is like trying to touch a star, I know I can never reach you, but I can't help but try.”
my fave, believe it or not, ia your song, "straight f-----"!
drink your pain away
He had mentioned it on his FB page last year, that's the first time I knew about it. Thought he was kidding at the time.
Bout to go coach the kids in their third game, hopefully they win...
Suh ejected? Wow!
because Tampa wanted to move in front of Cleveland to take same player Cleveland wanted.
I feel you! I'm so excited for next weekend! :)
All the #Bobcats need at this point is a blindfold and cigarette.
There are well-dressed foolish ideas just as there are well-dressed fools. ~ Nicolas de Chamfort
<U+2606> "Life isn't hard at all, it depends on how you apply LOVE in doing things." <U+2606>
yea I understand !! Luckyy
Yes!! When is it? I will get tickets! :))
Mixed media: video, music, poetry reading, live chat, artists sketching # OGOpening
Omg who thinks and should collab on a song?!?!
Official day 1!
we are all excited to see what you can do this year, great job on the rehab
That was the easiest trippy dream I've ever had.
We want to hear from you all the time not just on tuesdays and Thursday's. There is way more to you then tits an ass.
Just cleaned out the cube and said goodbye to the boss (). Now all that's left is to return the library books. *sigh*
okay okay lololol.. I feel special now.. -__-
Another tough beat for Apriority.
always a day late - I'm working on getting things together! Cheers, Berndaette! You're an inspiration!
Dear guy snoring in the hostel bed above me, listening to Blood on the Tracks. Album is too good to be interrupted by your uneven breathing
Best reference I've heard! RT : My friend is buying me 's EP before I leave for school.
2014 California LB from Gardena. RT : Talked to Iowa State today, sounds like they're close to offering.
No Dora you cannot through little star back in the sky, little star is a ball of gas not a 6 sided smiley friend
House isn't the same w/out you. Started #Onceuponatime cause of you, it's very good. LOVE that you RT for your fans! :)
I hate being single......
Thanks very much! Have a great weekend.
Yikes....98 degrees in C-Ville tomorrow. Better do my long run today and save paddling for tomorrow.
Stayed WITH UNDERCLASSMEN. Sh, I won lmao
or just noticed a lot of confederate flags in the parking lot.
France 44 Spring Sale April 26th-May19th. Thousands of items on sale, Club 44 members earn double points during the sale.
The Over is 8-0 in the last 8 meetings between the Pacers and Thunder in Indiana
what did you get o:
I don't want to lose to much of my eyebrows, I just want them to be evened out.
you caught me mid #tweet with
It's finally Friday! What's everyone doing this weekend?
Not to worry. It will never happen.
was incredible last night. <3 hfdkjghdkfmh
finished editing the album!!!!! We're mixing and mastering it right now!!!!!
Me: "That's a Holga shot." : "It could be an Instagram frame." Photography in 2012.
yes! I'm moving home!!
Have you ordered your party trays yet? Let us do the cooking for you ;)
You guys should stock more scotch--doesn't need to be refrigerated,
sugar maple comedy show
Thank you for the timely word.
retail stores do.
That concludes the first-round #NFLdraft analysis on Twitter, but watching some awesome #Avengers trailers last night, this came to mind....
As a #sf native, I should want the city team to beat Oakland... But it's Washington. Covering Game 2 for
- so true. We must be thrill seekers, as well.
every year someone finds a way to ruin EVERYTHING but your the last person I expected that from
…language. You learn valuable cross cultural ideas that help inform things in your life. Learning another language also…
Girl:"Have you heard of 1D? They sing um,You Don't Know Your Beautiful or something. I'm there biggest fan!" Me:"Bitch,go choke on a spoon."
Broke my pinky toe.
So jealous of her glasses!
it was amaazzzzing
The ability to concentrate and to use time well is everything. -Lee Iacocca
Hope you follow me Someday :)
At a wedding this weekend, and the groom is a doctor. Everyone here is a doctor. The conversations are pretty funny. Drinking
yup. Total stiff!
#TNC10 If current #hcr bill passes we are justbat the beginning.
so glad the weather is still nice :) i can run outside without slipping on ice
Wow, did you see your #saa09 quote ("SAA is the SXSW of archives...") made it onto the SAA homepage? And "In the Loop"? Nice!
boy, you dont know what you do to me. you dont even understand. Damn.
Fear is a killer, it kills hopes, it kills dreams, it kills careers, it kills relationships. - sourced from John Lau.
don't hate the player, hate the train! OH!!!!
Thanks for tweeting and streaming. It was fun to watch from the sidelines. Have to sign off now. Good luck! Safe travels.
doesn't feed me a lot cause he wants me to stay fit but what he doesn't know that I use his protein powder as a liter box
indiana's dryvit contractors, indiana's dryvit contractor, dryvit contractors indiana, dryvit contractors, contractors indiana, contractors
Bored at my House... =P
Keep It Real Wit Me &&Ima Keep It Real Wit Youhh !
#milwaukee Did you know that A. Fillinger Inc is AWI certified? #believe it
Half Baked is the best movie ever, ahaha
how you duin!
Passion lowers IQ
#GIVEMEABREAK OF THAT KIT KAT BAR!
Wow. RT : There have been 154 selections. Nine (5 percent) have been running backs.
#TheWalkingDead is a fantastic comic. The tv show? Meh.
Was that the winning entry? Not that I really care either way...
Just one question...where DO broken hearts go?
how are you feeling?!
It's the ratchet earthling number 4
lol no campaign just reality. Happy Monday.
"Enlightened trial and error succeeds over the planning of the lone genius" - P. Skillman, IDEO.
Needs to change their name to "The Skip Bayless, Tim Tebow Love Fest Show!" #SMH I use to enjoy this show better b4 Tebow.
0-42. Not even 2nd half. Buccaneers vs Falcons
Holy Freaking Crap
Nigga's #Clowns I Just Call Em Bozo #DamageMode #ItsProblemsHoe #HoeGoHam. And Give Me Some #IQ. Dykes Only UH-O
,Thank you for calling me Bhaujaan, Bless you
lol I swear we do the same thing here. It's our version of USA today.
Maybe one day I will be able to work in Oregon it would be great just going to the portland zoo would be great
: if you're at work right now. You shoulp peek at what time I work in the morning.
Hm, is in the hospital. For a stomach virus? Interesting...
You know I love you ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Tomorrow at 4pm EST we will live-tweet the #KatzLecture with speakers Dr. Stephen Hinshaw and Academy award-winning producer Brian Grazer!
Thx for the rt. Did u see the photo of Fiona with the Art Deco at the US Weekly Hot Hollywood Style Event?...
it day 2 and already got 4 follows....so proud o my self......LOL
Just saw an old Jon Stewart stand up bit from the early 90's. Simply amazing.
have they thought about ?
sounds like the set up for good porno. :D
If you may build a business up big enough, it's respectable.
But I'm most excited to see in September .. yes, I'll attend both concerts in #Cologne .. woohoo JUST DANCE!
RIP Whitney Houston..
Diapering tips: For girls, wipe her front to back to prevent infections. For boys, place a cloth over his penis so he doesn't go on you.
No joke, great eats, get an Arnold Palmer while you're there.
If you're in Los Angeles and lost your wallet near the Starbucks on Melrose I found your wallet but not the $58 inside it
See you tomorrow Austin. Pop my #sxsw cherry with as much force as possible!
they can use their bible to deny any1 anything personally, but in matters of constitutional law, their bible is irrelevant!
The environment shall remain a major concern and one of our priorities Dr. Rashid Ahmed Bin Fahd, Minister of Environment & Water UAE at EOE
Top of the morning to you. I'll have to try it if I ever make it over there.
Are you coming to Seattle?? :D :D
good to know!
Thanks for the mention! We DO have some great stories!
Hey guys, I found a girl who actually has her name as We Hate Ariana. You should see what she tweeting Ariana. It's so mean :'( <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
": #WhatEverHappen to Tony Hawk" he became soo rich he was able to afford an ACTUAL Animorphism. Now he now gets sick air.
diffrence between a Blonde & a Mosquito?? you smack a Mosquito & it stops suckin <3 <3
Follow the Follow the Follow the TWITTER -
Kobe bangs one in to seal it. We're here all night folks.
hello twitter !
I think you're pretty how you are!
Gotta brand new girl so I'm feeling all good inside, I'm just keeping it real
Who wants to help get me a raise? Follow and THANK U XOXOXO
I know?
RT : Criminal penguin captured on film bbc.in/r711iR << So cute. They look like Bartram with wings!
it is!
Just seeing You makes me smile :) Everyday ! " <3
Thanks for the #FF! Happy Friday to you. Have a great weekend!
Didn't know that! RT : Do you know how many little ''propeller'' fans are in the #DIA train tunnels? 5280
Great meeting tonight at So grateful for those who are pushing back against Big Banks throwing families out of their homes.
Ask the expert. Have any college financing questions? We would like this page to be interactive. Please feel free to post questions.
Hello how is everyone doing on this fine morning?
The Bellmen are playing for free during
I bet #Gaddafi regretted signing up for "Find My Friends" on his new iPhone 4S.
Took me awhile, but the Talking Heads are tremendous.
Wishing Cricketinmaine a Special Birthday Greeting!
Having a good day (:
RT : Love both baseball and softball bats!!! Just entered Valentine Day give away. // Sweet! Good Luck!
Rick Steves is making me want to go to Copenhagen.
10% OFF Campus Cafe (located on FAMU's Campus). Only w/ a
i could cuddle and give. You a cool aid smile
I'm sorry baby but when I came home I brought u to bed did u like it?
Happy learning :)
Lol thank you :'D
Not that I hate the Yankees or anything...but Dom doesn't follow me :3
HOLY. JELENATORS NEED TO CHILL THE DUCK OUT. IT WAS NICKI MINAJ.
got done w. Keshas music video We are who we are, wow I am tired, and my butt was frozen during the shoot. Dancing warmed me tho
I think I'm wasting as much time playing with that zipper on Google as actually working today.
We do. Let's find some time this week. Get to feeling better.
At one point, all of the VO you hear was temped in by It sounds much better now.
I am a human, why do i meow?!
oh my god!!! I think I have a cold .. *cough cough* lol
My two thousandth tweet on twitter goes to
"Love Is Like A Rosary, Full Of Mysteries."
You betcha!! I will see you guys there!!
RT : #FollowFriday May your day be filled with HOPE and your heart with...
so am I but we gotta be up at 6
clearly not a twitter account ;)
DAILY TIP: Always look at your position on the table. As with tv shows that hammer on about Location, Location, Location, its true.
Tune in to (channel 27) around 6:24 a.m. on Monday, May 7 for a Just The Ticket laughter yoga exclusive!
Thanks for the RT! I appreciate it!
You write so beautifully, do you have to steal these things from the internet?
dming my twitter husband :)
Barajas with the walk off ... back to the dugout.
#Salute RT : following
Spend some time with yourself. Boredom is a luxury.
Shocking Myths about Diseases Revealed You never thought that
-blink- Maybe this phenomenon is new. I'm a new journo graduate ('11), so my internships were only recent. Wow.
great to hear. very happy for you. Next time your in town we should meet up.
Training at 130
Republicans are so impressed with romney only 13.9% in taxes they just might forgive him for trying to make healthcare affordable.
-yuuuuummmmm so jealous!!!!
can you follow back please?
what channel is it on?
you should come down…we have chickens! : )
As it should!!!
Will we need to invoke a term for local eternity ? If none of U stringers or M theorists have had this discussion yet your on notice ;-)
Are white boys sweet ?
i was at where else! i did not see u :(
famous #maplebacon donuts for our Volunteers this morning!
Thank you for sharing so many baking tips with all of us, you were just great!
you better not .
Cool. I'll check that one out! Thanks!
Like that! It is true... they always have excuses!
Car that took #Blago to court every day is now parked outside of his house but the house is still dark.
I definitely keep posting things to all good twitter that are meant for here
What's up? I know you bought Moms something nice, next time shop DPC
I hate working!!! :-P
Jaguar Reads Playboy, Gets A &#39;Piloerection&#39; [Ad Watch]
RT : New survey highlights discrepancy between physician perceptions and use of mobile technology
salsa, no?
RT #NYFG Mon. May 14th in Manhattan paying $85 via check. We are looking for people 18 – 30 who are cellphone owners
3 PM and in need of that afternoon pick-me-up. Where should we go for a good coffee & snack?
On my way to Charleston, SC. What's good this weekend? Anyone who says to try the chew gets immediate unfollow.
Hilarious-- thanks a million. will be getting many of these.
Me! Thank you so much for calling me yesterday! It was so sweet!
just to Dallas for my mom's birthday.
This is what I say to myself everyday
How are you brother?
Those of us in the non-profit world don't have to learn all our lessons the hard way -- unfortunately we tend to be masochists.
oh my gosh, two words that defined my '90s experience: GUESS JEANS.
An 8.5 mile run in 95+ heat, a gallon of water, and a nice nap corrects all holiday weekend indulgences. Right?
guess who got their license!
Work peep: "That's exactly what we need. How did you find it?" Me: "Former librarians have mad search skills." Work peep: "Yeah, they do!"
In My Position, My Powers On E (empty) there's no church in the wild.
Yes Thanks Liz! RT : Thanks Liz! And thanks for your hard work on #Amazon. RT : We're with you! Happy New Year!
Still enjoying the wild west experience at Glenwood Springs, Colorado.
I just sneezed. Dear God Holy Mary Mother of God I almost passed out
Wanna be ? Nah nigga !
Happy New Year's Eve! We're open until 8PM at the Pearl tonight. And we open one hour later, 8AM tomorrow, January 1st, 2012
#ThingsIDislike studying, being ignored, and split tongues
Hey Lil Miss RC.....Just flew back from XFactor Auditions.....No Bueno!!!! On to the next thang!!!!!
Think I found the offending tweet: "If you have to say "for people who don't know" twice in one minute, it's not good radio." I stand by it.
I think I'm gonna pass out...my number;)
Or maybe one person doing both things?
i love it when people talk about me behind my back...
You know that feeling when you walk in your home and the scent takes you to another place? Yeah, so do I! www.wicklesshop.scentsy.us....
We have two convenient locations in Miami and Pembroke Pines... Looking for a new dentist? Visit us online at www.kravitzdental.com
Your hands and feet are mangos, your gonna a genius anyway
Just made the mistake of watching The Virgin Suicides before going to sleep. Let the fucked up nightmares begin!
It would take me forever to log all of my clothes into the data base!
#ConfessionTime I'm a confident person but I would do anything to be 20 pounds lighter. but whateverr i'm beautiful the way I am.
I heart you too buddy
your birthday is .2 days b4 mine cool
500 millionth Twitter account belongs to ... still has not released first Tweet!
Reading poetry that is obscure to an audience is insulting, Thomas Lux
NDR Energy Group Signs Landmark Contract With America&#39;s Largest Gas Utility for Gas Facility Storage
I don't know what hurts more... my back or my knee
I love the point and laugh game too.
Can you call me around 3pm to discuss?
thank you! back at ya!
Justin and I just screamed the same way we did when the Cats won #8! Thank you so much!
Thank you!! :) RT : Love World of Beer in West Palm Beach. Enjoy!
the best part of going to an Oakland Raiders game is the social acceptance of wearing black face makeup
Downloading 3D Issue, a tool that converts my PDFs into page-flip digital magazines! Check it out via
My hairdresser has ZERO evening availability for weeks. In desperate need of a trim before vacation--- Cincy suggestions?
somebody's on the hunt huh?
Is Newt about to cry?
Thanks. Your pic is better--beautiful sky shot. Took pic with 1st gen camera phone in '04 after my shots ripped net off rim.
Tosh is coming to Sac in August. Be there.
back 2 u s/o
Thanks man, I want to hear it
I absolutely will at some point. Been wanting to go to Chicago for awhile now!
Day 3 of Reader Appreciation Week - Enter to win prizes including gift cards, oil and acrylic sets and more! http:// bit.ly/cAS8H4
they should fine us all for that eating and driving
see what had happened was ... I had some oodles and noodles in the pot but I didn't put any water in it and I put it on the stove ..
good to know!
It's pretty quiet in the office today.
What do you call an aardvark that's just won a fight?A well 'aardvark!
And now in this part of the complex....we await Ali-Frazier 10
Nice pregame moment there between Bledsoe and the man who took his job..
Q2 Windows that open. Natural light. That's all I ask for these days.
I need a JOB!
had to beg my dad to turn my texting block off but the only texts i get are from twitter
By now you know that branding is important, so why wouldn't you have a custom blog that projects the image your branding created?
again sorry for the drama u don understand how Hrt I did so much 4him
Vampire Diaries using Pavlov's and Skinner's classical and operant conditioning.<3
Know any audio production folks that do imaging for radio? Looking see what's out there, I already have a voice guy. Just production needed
Notice how Obamas audiences really look like this diverse country, where as a Romney audience are old and white ?
for sure. A great mix of folks, and everyone had a really positive/welcoming attitude for cyclists of all stripes/abilities.
Haha! She's quite popular. LOL
the only on and off, day long shoot in Boston. Noon-2am with a few breaks in between. Doin' it up
Yeah pretty much, the space is finalized (Fuch's shop/barn) and then date: June 30. I still need to confirm food, chairs, etc...
Today i learned in RIT's Steve Jacobs's talk on video games that in 1915, movies weren't considered art. Take that Roger Ebert!
Where are you? i keep yelling hump my leg, thinking it's like a bat single for you
Okay, and have both been on one all night. LOL. Can't even anymore.
not at all
yea I seen that. Hope its true.
I might be having this BIG ASS HOUSE TO MY SELF FOR A COUPLE OF DAYS....PPL GOING TO TEXAS...
Heh. Also, I want the t-shirt he put in the drawer.
Also this Thursday 10/20, we have our drum faculty Billy Drummond with Joonsam Lee Trio 8pm, 10pm
awesome, frisbee & book action
Glad you're ok buddy!!
okay thanks girl
I'm on a dc metro car with blue felted seats...
Just so we're all clear, if you're not funny the other 364 days of the year, you're still not funny on #AprilFools Day. Stop trying.
Listening to all of #WhitneyHouston songs with my parents! :) she will be missed! <3 No one can compare to her. Xoxo
If Charlie Sheen were the father of Snooki's baby, TMZ would self-combust into an orgasmic inferno. Maybe next time.
“: Am I allowed to wear white jeans yet or what?” I want a pair ASAP <U+263A>
GREAT! How are you ?(:
Tip 3: Wealth - Wealth isn't something that is necessarily within the reach of most but the perception of wealth is.
Yea ya tha reason why im always qetn faded . Ima take a shot for ya .
For The Longest Time I Thought Was Mexican...
oswald on a t-shirt? what a non-story
I'm so hungraaaayyyy
Fuck a day job I'm bout that night life
Massachusetts voters have you been paying attention to your rising star,if not you should Elizabeth Warren is for the rights of all voters.
we'll see you at auditions tonight!
Seeing #theAvengers with :)
aw thanx love you
hahahaha... I AM, aren't I?! Except when I'm being cold and evil... I enjoy that too. <U+E405>
Members of the Assembly are making their way back to the floor. Lots of bills on their calendar today, including #FamilyCare caps bills
Sunday roast with Ma and Pa <U+E043><U+E022>
Brian Kenney is on at 1:00 today in the Networking Lounge to talk about Patron Profiles
let me know what you think if you get around to reading From one author to the next, I'm curious!
I drink champagne when i'm thirsty.
Last year, Dirk's post-up turnaround jumper was going in 99% of the time. This year, CP3 has the step-back.
#earcandy Some Nights by Fun.
I'll start by smiling as long as I can while driving. That should freak people out who look at me in their rearview mirror.
Eh... I'm bored of Pinterest
Okay, the CP3 lob to Griffin would be pretty freaking awesome but does Donald Sterling really deserve this?
Too true - RT : Ideas are very strong, but they are surprisingly easy to destroy.
what's not bitter about #Trayvon. I live in reality their is goodstuff funstuff lovestuff & bitter shyt.. all out here.
you must be a gamer?
#WeCantDateIf You're shorter than me . Lol .
Thanks, Jennifer! The theatre is somewhat cavernous. But it's actually a really fun role to sing, even w brass & heavy orchest.
Invest in yourself, Workout with me. #HollywoodPersonalTrainingwithAJ RT
Kelly Clarkson comes on and my partner says it's time for a commercial break. LOL!!
I get let down so much, LMFAO. <|3
We are heading to Chicago for our tour!!!!!!! Omg!!!!
You make money to spend on yourself I wanna make money so I can help
Born ready!
That's definitely a bit how I feel about it. But also such a -great- conference. Torn.
PWC's Wynn Bailey: US leads world medical R&D, regs, costs driving companies 2 Europe. China has outstripped Japan as R&D leader in Asia.
just gave the best Easter Message ever. Find it online and watch it or go to a North Point campus tomorrow.
Hi, Justin - thanks for the mention in your newsletter;)
I don't understand why girls can't keep their bigmth shuts ! gossiping -.- fcuk !
I know, me either, SO bizarre and yet a glimpse into our future.
I enjoy watching Rio with my nephew.
RT : RT : Always laugh when you can. It is cheap medicine. ~Lord Byron
you just tell the b whoever she is ima beat ha a**
ah, a cart tart haha good luck! have fun in the dorms
Blue crab ravioli with a lemon citrus cream sauce for our wine paring special today - it is a must try!!
Color (On)Line
you will Jess.
Thanks for the mention and for being a bronze-level supporter of #sdp2p!
#WhenAustin tweets after hours of not tweeting anything. :)
"My grandfather used to drink 5 liters of wine everyday" lmfao of course
Sweet dreams :*
So much for the whole "at least he makes contact" thing. RT Morel now has 25 strikeouts
Watching the Best Little Whorehouse in Texas with my mom. Had to remind her she took me to see this at the DRIVE IN when I was 6.
Not feeling particularly professional, productive, or even human today. At home trying to write a small grant proposal & just choking.
wanto say canada look like new place to move 2
I geek out way too much about doing my taxes. Oh, the business expenses!
Take a break from midterm stress today in library. Free coffee begins at 12:30 and take the chance to create your own READ poster!
Come on Nuggets!!!!
Austin Mahone sounds like a star name.
Pleased to meet you! Now following back. Have a great day.
Do as you please! As long as you stay a turtle, that's all that matters! <3 :)
Best wishes for excellent medical outcome & recovery. Long career ahead - come back strong & only when ready!
I don't mind worry, following me like a dinosaur...
I set goals.... I don't why just do
haha just sayin it sucks you're not comin to bring me tacos tonight lol :P
Why waste time on you
Jesus Christ kid. Slow down RT : I need a pipe. Fuck
does that mean their grades can also be 'in beta'? ;)
I'm a loser.
FRIDAY!! - PARTY FOUL!! - DEATH TO THE THRONE!! - CUTSWELL!! - GONNA BE NUTS!! WE GONNA GET NASTY!!!
Today is National Reading Day. Today (and everyday), we encourage you to read to younger children.
Up High AF Eatin Noodles Lbs
Love is like the wind you cant see it but you can feel it.
by that i mean, videos Youtube recommends i watch. they know me well.
U dont have to be a gold digger for wanting a nigga with money !:-)
I like your plan. Anything to make it stop. :)
come home soon :)
Do you LIKE it when I'm this feisty? I sense a feisty streak coming on.
Off in 10 minutes ima finish writing this song and drop it tomorrow
i kno u been busy i havent heard from u i miss you
The beast is going into hibernation mode.
I just looked over at and said, "Uh oh, Bradford needs you." He said he was already on it...
Donuts in english class :))
RT : If you're too busy judging people, you have no time to love them.
come pick me up
Need #IUBB updates....in Cancun without CBS....husband freaking out....help!
Never underestimate the value of a true friendship or take true friends 4 granted. They r worth far more than any amount of material riches!
After three momma grizzlies in 5 min I'm switching from the today show to GMA. Odd morning home & Katie Couric - ok GMA you win.
Tip of the Day: Conserve your energy while running by avoiding bounces and keeping your stride close to the ground.
Thanks for the 3 hours of pre pre game show today! Made my afternoon fly bye!
I want the finer things but everybody does , I'm gettn close as hell but this ain't always how it was .
One more chapter and two more articles left and then I can leave this library! YES
This menu looks lovely! Would try kale salad, but it may be too much fiber for mom's tummy. Sorry, TMI. :) Happy Hanukkah!
I agree with ya, but will you be willing to fall of a cliff? LOL
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them? Abraham Lincoln
RIP Etta James!
Ah had to pay $55 to fill up gas, great to be home.. Syke #missnola already
Looking forward to having you! RT : >> i will definitely check this place out!
helping my daughter with her homework and anxiously awaiting the VP debate! :)
I don't know why people post their problems to Facebook and twitter. Like no one cares
If Im In a Relationship , Dont Tell Me What He Doin , Let Me Find Out .
crazy we're so old! It was an amazing win and day :)
Bout 2 be out here lol
That was a pretty one-sided argument, considering he missed the part where you were actually agreeing with him
To me, a biz lunch in Philly doesn't get any better than followed by
I'm busy this weekend :/
But first marshall to bears add nothing cause
A lot of chicks have morals with no standards.
Thanks for helping us spread the word, Almudena! :) Happy #GiveBIG day!
You guys rocked the Shuttle Coverage!! :)
can't wait to see you either. Even though I'll prob still be crying.
Alanna and Madison(:
i'll text you it.
has signed up for a half marathon & is doing his best to talk him out of it
Random News: Today is Rani Mukerji's Birthday...So Happy Birthday!
When u can't watch glee cuz u just started ur hw after practice
Huang: Malcolm X asked how can the black man earn his civil rights before he earns his human rights?
only if you do cool stuff like smoke on the cigarettes and junk.
After winter must come spring.
Whats going down, tryin to party up with some fine young ladies lol
RT : #TebowDisciples Does anyone else find it odd that the officials in the Pitt/Den game are named Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John?
Impressed by how multilingual most Korean's are: Korean, Japanese, Chinese, English - they can even crack jokes selling candy on the street!
There is still glitter all over my floor from the Ke$ha concert. Maybe I should clean that up...
Very big Homebuyer Expo going on this weekend For more information call 877-206-0105
Thanks for running sound for us Saturday night. Anytime you want to come up to DC to play, let us know!
lowkey, i just email shit when its done...you haven't heard half the shit i've made, lmao!!! I'm just fuxin witcha
Off to 1st time visit to Banning Museum and Rancho Los Cerritos followed by exploration of Cambodia Town
I'm trying my hardest not to snap buy this here is pure BS.......... so yeah....its tome to go home
I never watch the History Channel. Somehow I came across "Top Shot" - and it is awesome.
yeah probably lol
Rex Hudler makes me long for Bob Davis. Or deafness.
no you're not ..... but anyway i miss you!
haha, u know he keepin me away from they damn turntables, n I dnt blame him, I need practice!! Lol
A woman says, "Hope u had a gun." after telling her we walked thru Santurce looking for underground art. #quoteoftheday w
haha. Clean and classy AUDREY day!!
WAIT, what happened last night?
oh. Yeah nudity never my thing. Do what you feel is right.
the right choice is to make it happen yourself. the only person you should depend on.
u must be on something hell I ain't no 30 u hugging I'm turning 25 Thrs
so hard to walk away! Lol... Rather do anything but sleep but I can't even stay up past 2 on the weekends it seems
Oh....RT : , you are the only one for me. Our love is strong, like a Mai Tai song, and together we will always be.
heh if only I had the drivers to tell...
I would help you Kate :)! May God bless you . Praying for you
Given that, the one-size-fits-all solution offered in the Stanford proposal is very troubling.
Hm... didn't think it would be THAT store...
Anyone planning on seeing Avatar in theaters? Do you think Fox will recoup the $500m the film has already cost?
Watching DC United play Columbus they are winning 1-0; then plan to watch US National team in Gold Cup
Know the difference between a person discerning u and just being soulish#churchfolk smh
Too many good books to read all at once! Just ordered Grouped by
Restore in Progress *crossing my fingers*
Took Gabe to the vet today, he is 89lbs!!
Starting to get excited for the game tonight!
they say that money isn't the key to happiness. if i had lots of money i would have the key made!
I used to sleep like a baby no matter what problems I had. Now I sit up wide awake.
The high may fade, but the memories will be forever....and the bragging rights. :)
gotta suck to be a cub fan
i don't wanna go to a show in California. i want my work to be worth it.
.Sched some wine R&D sometime?
Have patience when dating. Sometimes you have to slay some dragons before you get to the princess.
I Miss Yuh Too Jay!!! I Was Just Thinking About Yuh..:). When i get my phone back, you are going to be the first person i txt :)
Kings-Rangers. I want it.
Tweet your congrats to the newest members of the alumni family!
Painting widows are a paine! Let us take care of it today.
one flex position: garcon, jacobs, spiller, or k.smith.
Discovering I have in my bag makes my afternoon that much more awesome!
if you love me you would have followed me :( #StillWaiting <3
im following you already
Taste is probably the death of any painter. #art #artists #creativity #fine art #art news
So many business telecom providers fall over when it comes to customer service.. We lead by example. Globalnet Telecom
Roll call so far for the mixer: Come on out!
Hot! Drink water to replenish!
I know I have said this before, but I hate the "manly" dr. pepper 10 commercial and I f*cking resent that they show it during Fringe
wait wait can I DM you please :P ?
"if you're not paying for something on the Internet" You are the product.
who on earth (and for what purpose) was looking up this data? :P
I got to admit that I will never be faithful in my mind
Me and my girls... We're so hot
Tired and stumbling in to the
Practically the whole ending of #Mockingjay. I was actually scared that the Capitol might actually win.
And those are 12 reasons to love Exo.
so proud of you!
I got a pain in my chest & I can't breeathhh!
haha you know it man
Thanks for the heads up. Let me check on that for you. Thanks for volunteering!
cool pic i love it
Snapshot reports rely on data from Twitter's Search API, which typically goes back about a week... 1/2
Was going to comment ON your post, but it doesn't seem to be working for me. I'd agree...but...I have a little dif perspective
Couldn't agree more. An unfortunate parallel.
your so cute! <3 PLEASE CHECK DM'S! <3
Recently I asked about road names and would any country be daft enough to name a street:LOSER! & um there's a Loser Lane, California! LOL!
we can call u the hit maker.
Last day to buy any full-priced espresso beverage before 11am, bring back your receipt after 2pm same day & get 1/2 off any espresso!
Hey students, need a little boost at the end of the semester? Free coffee and hot chocolate at Langsdale! M-Th, 8:30am-6pm
If you can't change your fate, change your attitude. -Amy Tan
why?:( I work right now.:( still up for b-ball?
#LIVE. #LOVE. #LIFE. Or don't live it at all...
It's National High Five Day! Retweet this if you want a virtual high five!
: I miss my mustache. That was gangster. As in, parisian private detective/master swordsman type gangster.
I LOVE GREAT WOLF LODGE OMG
History in the making: Today In 1896, Utah became the 45th state in the Union. (Alaska's b'day was yesterday--became 49th state on 1/3/59.)
Family is a place where you can find love!
New half-pints of milk, they're so cute.
The #Brewers have Gallardo, Greinke, or Marcum pitching 5 out of their next 7 games. Time to get hot!
Loving you was easy, losing you was hard. Loving you is still easy, but knowing you are no longer mine, is the hardest of it all.
I hate those weird ass beanies hipsters wear.
Was Blaine Ave. by MT San Diego City Council unanimously approves the first Harvey Milk Street in the nation!
#sslive how do we embed knowledge into work? The "repository" didn't/doesn't work. Need to embed it into work,
Sorry y'all, I got confused on the airtime, but if you watch The Soup on E!, you'll see me. I just don't know when it comes on!
we do! And apple pie shine!
You can upgrade to Windows 8 for $15, but only if you buy a computer after June 2. I rather wait and get it free with the PC.
RT : I can't wait to come back for more ribs! I may need to move to Chicago just so I can have them anytime I...
TRON! lets go
Took the on a tour of #AnacostiaDC today. We had such a great time showing them all of our projects!
I'm glad I have this girl back in my life(:
lol i knew wat u meant
Thank you!
Only 2 more hours until doors open for Moshfest Final Battle of the Bands!
What do you think it says when your best candidate is named after the little girl from 'Aliens'?
OBSESSED WITH KIMBRAAAA
to see them, the recipient has to have the emoticon language set to 'on' as well.
C.L grew up out there. Maybe he'll appoint a childhood buddy.
Happy Friday! After a long hard week, I hope everyone has a fun, relaxing and safe weekend. What is everyone up to?
good luck and your looking great dear. Peace and Live to you and k kick them out with your beauty.
are you implying that i always have a severely limited social life?? Because if you are, then you would be correct. Haha!
RT : +me will be going to Bolivia nxt week. But this Thursday + doing dance lesson...
Truly hate downloading a ringtone I have made my own cuz these weak ass ppl on myxer put sucka ass remixes up you should stop trying!!!!
nope was a great goal. But it ain't over til final whistle
hahaha you would think mine would, too, but nope! Lol
Save OBU: OBU&#39;s Peers: What Schools Are in the Same Boat?
I just realized you have to put the www in a link to make it clickable www.fwsjuiceplus.com that should work
When My "Boyfriend" Subs Me On Facebook Calling Me Stupid & Shit < Yeah , Thanks Babe . Love You Too .
Stay tuned for more US #Twitter contests on the 7th of every month in the
If ever you wanted to read great thoughts of inspiration in positive growth please spend a moment at the blog . www.youcanbuild.it
hey the story is up its in my fave
is developing mobile #GlattKosher concepts in New York City.
Trust me. I read more than anyone you know. I'll be watching Good Luck!!
Another inspiring weekend of #Fellow2012 trainings in MW! Ninja organizers getting started in and
bitch just slapped my fucking car ! lmfao
Pray for everybody who is being hit by tornados.
Nice hit kid
Finna listen to No Ceilings!
love you girl.
hazel is convinced that jasper is "just like katniss" now
Really?? lol nah mine was Harry Potter...lol
"If you touch my junk, I'm gonna have you arrested" is the new "What did I do? Don't tase me, bro!"
I have to add Cafe Perrin to the guide, thanks!
Well good... I'm an advocate of child labor. My parents did it to us and that's why I'm so well-rounded and kind now. Ha!
I thought Pendergraph would do much better in district 9. Pittenger obviously also has name recognition. All bets off for runoff
it would make my day 100x better if you follow me<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A> I been trying for so long please(:
you da man Matt. Team Honor will bring home the W.
#dsoc #sla2010 check planner, some of my saved sessions disappeared from my itinerary
THANK YOU for the ticket to tonight's Paley Fest! You and your cast were amazing and seem like a tremendous group of people!! xo
Crying....fuck you too...crying over two things....oh well its not like anyone gives a fuck anyways
Why do Crest white strips bottom strips never work right ?
QUOTE - "Everybody (but China and India, Ray's addition) wants to save the earth, nobody wants to help Mom with the dishes." P.J. O'Rourke.
Well, it definitely started in Nebraska, if not Omaha. Shut up, let me be proud of my home state for something.
Worst calls I've seen
Happy Birthday Mr Rickles You wrinkled up baby gorilla
it says that I can't read it :'(
Mental Supreme & The Training Camp Showcase Presents: "The Ultimate Underground Artist Showcase" - Grand Prize $5,000, 2nd $1,000, 3rd $500.
Location scouting today for my short film, agent meeting tomorrow.
Yes I do!! lol
There are freeze watches and warnings out for north/central NJ tonight and (gasp!) a shot at some snow tomorrow night in northern counties.
well we gon be turned up
The 5th round will be held at 2:40 p.m. followed by the closing session (lightning round) at 4 on the 7th floor.
Good! Glad your stayin! TWINZ plan on visiting this summer. We gonna hook up!
chemical dependencies
We had such an awesome time at the Autism Summit
Last night after i left my keys consisted of me walking around for an hour and a half then crashing on Ben's futon for 4 hours.
fingers crossed for bigger and better things!
Way to go, UVA!
Was obsessed with Party Down but they recently took it off Netflix. One of the funniest shows ever, no idea why it got canceled!
This is to everyone.INSTAGRAM IS NOT JUST FOR POSTING PICTURES OF YOUR SELF.It's not called attentionwhoregram.Had to get that off my chest.
I miss 24 on Mondays. March Madness is here now.
Are you looking for an original gift our store will be a great place to start.
Just received bag of chips from lady assuming I was homeless. Accepted after explaining. #delicious #lookhomeless?
wait, didn't you just run a race yesterday?!
Today's will discuss Nash's "Red, White, and Black"; and lecture on slavery in the British Atlantic world.
What do u mean not the first time
Hero or Villain? You Decide: 2/2/1943 Russian Troops defeat Germans in Battle of Stalingrad. Of 90,000 POWs taken by Russia, only 5k survive
We are putting all our dancers clothes back on for good!!! APRIL FOOLS!!!! :)
And there it is!
follow me
who has the time to do that? And why? Go do ur psychology hw or walk UCF campus and lose some weight
Spread the word that Lefluer band is playing tonight at The White Rabbit in Seattle
ditto! RT : 2x Pro Bowl Safety Antoine Bethea adds another honor to his resume: Howard Univ. graduate! Proud of you man!
sorry to have missed tonight you guys! i'm swamped!
On the way to kings island :) and nashawn but I can't find your twitter name . Lol.
Feeling lousy and this game is pure foolery........
I don't though.. This is the first time.
RT : Mr is in the office... getting some #DellStreak loving with and <-- Hi Dan!
lol nah i ignore it but life's pretty good lol
Happy Convention to all the dedicated SLPeeps, wishing I could be at ASHA for all the learning and fun Enjoy!
Agreed! RT : A2. Testing and experimentation on metrics that make sense for your org.
"Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same."
i pray to god that you pray to god
"Mano you're not invincible"
...awww problems all ova ...
Mint.com is my new obsession
Had a great birthday(:
I gotta be on it more...
It's #FriskyFriday! Share my page with some new followers and I'll post a new #picoftheday! xo
Friends' I'm His Girl video can-based. Everybody needs a glitter gun. And a gr8 crew behind the cam. And out front.
"Disenfranchisement is a bogus argument"...What?
this little weekend home was such a tease
I still wonder how anyone can find "The Office" Funny.
Accumulating Driver Violation Points Should Make You Eligible For Valuable Prizes…Such As Lawn Chairs.
You too! God stuff.
…it judges the thoughts and the attitudes of the heart. (Heb. 4:12)
#Follow Friday great progressives
-_- please lol“ ": Where is everybody at!?!?"u know nothing happen in Cleveland unless I'm there”
All my twiggaz if you need professional visuals, at good prices holla at the new fam - he'll get you straight!
khole and lamar was good lastnite keep it coming because us viewer's love it.
Awesome! ": Great lunch at with : love the spicy tuna on the lunch special"
You'll have to speak up, I'm wearing a towel...
are you sporting green?
Oh, thanks - "Thao is so wonderful and perfect."
: can't wait for the JGL Pabst Blue Ribbon commercial!!!
only followed me:( thank youu<33
HE THANKSED ED. ED HE LOOKS SO CUTE. HIS FEET DONT TOUCH THE FLOOR AHAHA
look at my friends, they are amazing <3
Belgium may be the most underrated country in Europe for visiting. We love it for more than it's heavenly chocolates.
Excellence : bringing God out
Honestly, I write “lol” and I’m not Even Laughing
Probably won't happen. Sergio don't want none!!
You're not drunk now...and even if you are, you should still follow me! #iloveshamelesslybeggingcelebstofollowme :)
Hmm, my cat just caught on fire.
This weekend is gonna be crazy though!! Im city hoppin w/ to rock clubs in Jacksonville & Gainesville!! ROAD TRIP!?
I like what I'm feeling..
Prospective Student Activities is part of #CUAEF w/ & ! Sample lectures, Q&A, etc.
DAVE RT ME!!!
The happy hour / cocktail / reception party will kick off this evening at 5:30 PM. We look forward to seeing you in the exhibit hall
but i need something different, you know it. we both know it.
Thanks -- we are looking forward to reading your tweets too!
My question about ninite is how do know that they are not putting more on your PC than you checked?
MUFFINS! Come get them! We're still experimenting in the kitchen, but we have some for you to try. Come get some free muffins!
I fell asleep at 4 in the afternoon..now it 1 a.m. and I cant go back to sleep :/
All religions, arts and sciences are branches of the same tree. --- Albert Einstein
. Excellent post, agree 100% I'm not a fan of dot notation in obj-c for these exact reasons.
imma try my hardest
doth declare: sometimes three is a lot of cats
Power out in nesh, like this isnt rare
One song from EACH of those bands -_-
tell her to get in here
So... what's all this gangsta rap about in my dreams?
the whole point of an unconference is having newbies, too! Not sure how busy I'll be but I'll hang out when I can.
SUCCESS...You can only live a lie for a short period of time...and what you gain is far out-weighed by the long-term cost of truth...
Rumor has it the #Thunder are playing a tune-up game against a high school team getting ready for the #Lakers!
Writing test
welcome to New Orleans!
Hey ! Check your e-mail, please! Had a couple questions for you re: your presentation :) Thanks!
This is true - let's hope the streak continues!
On my way to judge tryoutss..
Want cool guest bloggers on www.reapermachines.com blog we make gaming PCs. Care to guest blog?
Haha only me!!! ": Who Burns Popcorn?? Only "
omg! im in pain but im loving every second of it. the bike ran like a charm and def tore some shiznit up. On the daily grind at the job doin
i remebr these they dnt have dem nomore :D
Might as well try to top it today!
Twisting tonight at The Hilltop Steak House Rt1 Saugus, Ma. from 5:30-8:30 pm. Kids meals only $2.99! Come in and Visit!
Next on my reading list is Concrete Blonde by Michael Connelly.
How does a 26-year-old single mom afford a beautifully-furnished 3,500 square foot house & gas guzzling SUV?
Oh snap, thanks for the heads up! Gotta love WCP.
The Brewers play the Mariners in Seattle today with a scheduled start time of 9:00 PM CT.
Have you tried the dill pickle sunflower seeds?? RT : Sunflower seeds and diet coke..the breakfast of champions
Nice! I can get coffee at MCI!
doesn't change the fact that I needed that (yes I am pissed I have to be at work and not at home boozin it up)
Going to Tulsa Friday, full day booked thanks to many of you!
- Thanks Tony! And congratulations to you too! Great news all around.
agreed on DC not handling snow well, but this is more snow than I've ever seen in my lige
In the hairdresser.. under the dryer :/
RT : Wake up with a smile and go after life.... Live it, enjoy it, taste it, smell it, feel it. ~Joe Knapp
10 minutes of hardcore stairs, weight training, 50 REAL pushups, and killer ab work...
No shootouts in the playoffs, got it. Makes it even more awesome.
hey there my Sexy Canuck! How's it goin?
perfect day for jay farrar during the train ride
you welcome sister
Wonderful job, Sarah. Nice to know the story behind and can't wait to dive in!
Thanks for RT!!
Ppl always gotta hate what they don't understand
PEACE AND BLESSING MANIFEST WITH EVERY LESSON LEARNED.
Free dinner honored? ;)
u inspire me to wake up evry mornin and sho the world that i deserve to be here. iv bin thru hel but u get me thru it #thanks <3
I meant to say yes, yes I would! I love #bacon in all forms.
Here we go again.
We should see some nice dunks from Blake tonight!
when yu get this..
RIGHT?!?!? Im just looking at him and im like...HOLD UP!!! This boy is pretty damn fine!!! #prettyflyforawhiteguy! ahaha :)
I know the amount of hard work I have to put in, but the lavish lifestyle will be my reward..
Today, the Supreme Court begins 3 days of hearings on the #AffordableCareAct and will cover every aspect. On MPTV 36 at 7:30.
Last year was slow on all work fronts, this year I'm blessed with an abundance of opportunities.
And yes I slept! 4hrs :)
High levels of fat in the blood have a strong correlation with high blood pressure, so select foods that have 5 grams of fat or less to eat.
What's up twitter friends? Mention us in a tweet and we'll follow you!
#brucelee remember fighting my brother when we were lil
lmao,ohh so just read them :) im posting chapter 3 now :)
1 Billion Dollars unclaimed. Did you file or fail to collect Fed withholding from your 2008 Fed Income Tax Return? Call us - we can help.
We just got new Swiss Diamond cookware in and WOW! It's been called the Rolls-Royce of non-stick cookware now we know why...
Please RT Support the #RESTOREAct. We need your help , , , ,
100 kids from the All Star Basketball Academy have been offered 100 FREE ADMISSIONS to the Hollywood Jammers game on Tuesday 4-28-09
lol I'm bout to go to the pool and I liv in florida and I haven't been tot he beach in 3months
As an actor, I'll say this. I will take my chances with my career to make sure leftists are as miserable as they...
Tripping over stuff in ur room when its dark<
is always a good choice to start off the morning!
wow! has their account on lockdown & will confirm you as a friend. I'm from Wisconsin! WTF doesn't Pickles have an account! L_S_D!
thanks for attending breakout session at Automation Alley Impact 2012.
coming tomorrow night for the first time! any recommendations from the chef?
Stopped LOOKIN a long time ago...#WAITING RT : oh wow well I guess u dne yo part now u just gotta keep lookin!
now i just have to find some seattle tickets. hm
Vince Vaughn to Star in U.S. Remake of Starbuck
suck ya own dick.
downtown. Well link tomorrow
Here in Chicago, homicide rates are going down except for infants & toddlers
it's when you cash in all the money you've found.
One little question, um why are you so adorable?
Here at to help ! Be sure to follow them and come by to say hello!
yeah, you look quite delicious in your profile pic!
Advanced screening passes to #TheDictator - the new #SachaBaronCohen flick! Listen to he's got'em appx 7:30pm
If u want me to follow u, u gotta accept the follow request i sent u. Twitter on some dumb shit right now
' Q: If theory is something we do, where is low theory it located?
stop by the auction after a good day @ the balloon fiesta...full fledged sunday funday!
On my way to the
. notes that we can't "like" our way out of this-agree! We need SM and action!
I am interested in a group coaching call. I am a first year attorney doing medical malpractice defense in Boston, MA.
Is there a politic to it? Or an activism that you claim when building out your personalities for performance?
so exhausted after a weekend in the
austin mahone puts ketchup on everything
One man's fault is another's lesson. <U+4EBA><U+306E><U+3075><U+308A><U+898B><U+3066><U+6211><U+304C><U+3075><U+308A><U+76F4><U+305B><U+3002>
. "Stories I Ain't Told Nobody Yet" by Jo Carson and the poems of Frank X Walker, Affrilachian poet are great creative texts
ur wrong, sit foster.
The best thing of all? Twitter has not crashed during superbowl.
Stop playing short handed #brewers get a real bench and real pen
ANYTIME welcome!:)$
Can you come give him some lessons? :)
Come talk to us over on Facebook! www.facebook.com/flighttoathena
Having serious big sister withdrawals. Even though I just saw you
o to my house
I sold merch at a show for the first time last night and my feet are killing me! Major props to you, kid : )
AR North america's best selling pressure washer AR390
Not when you're hungover 20yo and you're mom is blasting this while vacuuming. RT : Ana Gabriel y Vikki Carr son lo maximo.
OK, I would've laughed. IDK why you'd ask that question at work anyway. I guess anything that connotes race can be construed +
um. Ok there.
steroids are for pussies.
Becoming a pro at pro!
Get tickets online until 5pm today or at the door for the last 2 performances of FREAKSHOW! Tonight and tomorrow!
this nigga stupid talking about i though you got off at 2:30. Don't NOBODY here get off at 2:30, you just be wanting to talk.
we put on quite a show for the fans. Y'all did good!!
He was fabulously handsome, but it made me miss him. I thought they were doing 2 songs... I hope he didn't fall asleep and miss it.
Right at home, the Paramount pictures float, showcasing so many of our Movies favorites! 10 Employees on the float!
When u finally decide to quit, its NOT giving up. Its realising u don't need certain people and their bulls**t, they bring into your life.
Operator: “911 please hold.” Me: “Stop murdering me for a sec, we're on hold.” Murderer: “K.”
Just found out #Thunder v. #Lakers Game 1 is next....
Yes that wasn't funny. PBO looked frail next to Jimmy Fallon on the slow jam news too.
WHEN DID I BECOME SO SHY AND HOW THE HELL DO I STOP THIS?
Did you take that pic? If so, very nice!
What up new follower?
Would that it were
Theirs so many depressed people out today... #ImHappyTho :-)
Arrived safely Hope re-entry went well for all of you!
tmrws justin biebers birthday !! <33 hope he follows me, that would be a dream come true ! <33
Invaluable report to understanding & implementing the latest trends, tools, and technologies.www.btobonline.com/section/researchreports5
Back from the Mudcats game. BIG success. Details later...
sounds good to me, boobooo! :D <33333
ya shoe game b on point Doee
Dude! Love your tweets. Are you at Viacom or outside prod? I was just at 2600 doing the Vh1 Lab for several weeks.
Bro, I'm so tired. Hopefully chilling with after his game and my run.
“Wow…When I Saw That Jacket, I Almost Came In My Pants”- NJ Ex-Girlfriend
That national anthem went about as well as north Carolinas season will.... Flat and boring with a lot of missed notes
I know, right?! And why does everything have to be about tigers?
hahaha. it's definitely the younger sister one. low standards isn't good
At HEB, waiting on a prescription and trying my best not to impulse buy the MARIO BROTHERS movie for $5.
I may be an idiot, but at least I'm not you...that would suck so much more ;)
boat today(:
I didn't know you smoked... You of all people?
Enjoy! Sounds like a great weekend. Love that area.
Watching Giuliana and Bill, such a great show. She is starting a fashion line. looks great! Ladies keep an eye out for G by Giuliana.
"Meditate and be aware like your life depends on it." it really does. A nonmindful life is life wasted.
Very nice derby sticker! You definitely need to see a bout at the US Cell. & - great close tonight!
Haha I just noticed u put a sad pace instead of a happy one.
sorry about earlyer. But hi
The popularity of #BillsMafia is unbelievable sometimes from guys who are drafted to infested FA players are using #BillsMafia it's crazy :D
What an impressive debut! Wow. Just wow.
nice decision to go with the hoop tho. =)
your series now is Houston right?
#raw10 a Bro says Bishop Eddie Long is a Gay Sex Pred. He took a shower 4 hrs 2 wash off Longs cologne. It must have been Old Spice or Brut.
Sounds like your doing better then good, glad to hear it. Things are good here as well. If I can be of help, let me know
So true!
hm... How about #work?
Wow, gym totally kicked my ass. My torso is cramping up. No bueno! :(
I'm sorta busy..
Everyone knows that this is both a #SoTU and a stump speech, right?
Raging sore throat. Drinking tea w/honey&lemon, EmergenC, Will make chicken soup with a ton of garlic& astragalus later today.
. He is supposed to be improving, but still big ? For start of season. Healthy or no, he has been replaced & thats ok by me
Hell yea dirty base. <U+E317>
#NowPlaying Hurt Somebody (Parental Advisory) by Akon from Hurt Somebody (Parental Advisory)
THE DAY HAS ARRIVED---->TONIGHT!!TONIGHT!! TONIGHT THIS IS THE MOVE FOR TONIGHT Entourage Ent., Cap City Allstarz, Mona J 804 && Tru...
apparently me and both have an unhealthy fear of birds -_-
y'all still open to submissions for opening bands?
lol! Me too
Was our Sunday hangover breakfast spot back when you could smoke like a chimney in the lounge... used to own that place
you should move your office next to
check you out, lady! nice run!!
The Guy who killd my brother was a undercover cop!!!!!! World Yal went hard fa travyon Martin REPOST JUSTICE FOR MICHAEL RANDOLPH!!!!!
About to see the Avengers, and hopefully Melissa won't lust over Thor TOO much.
Nothing like a roof closing to slowdown momentum #rafa #ausopen good to for a toilet break I say
hey! awe thank you so much!!!! appreciate it!! that was very nice of you!
"we'll tell you what the plates are for... A little later!"
Just finished Day 8 workout! Looking forward to feeling great all day & doing Day 9 tonight!
I like to think I'm already on a slightly-modified paleo diet. (Slightly-modified, in that I eat anything.)
follow back! Let's help prevent
lo lamentas? A mi me gusto
Hi sexy babydoll! I just want to say thank u for being so nice to me & I really appreciate it XOXO
Anything is possibly, miscommunication or improper wording, certainly not my intent to say the wrong thing and pass it around.
ily! Pleas follow me:)
Just bought tickets to the midnight premiere of #Hungergames on Thursday.Thankyou & for my prize! UGH #SOEXCITED :)
Sounds like fun. 3-weeks to train, you must be in great shape already.
I thought Obama would give free gas to everyone. He gives everything else away for free
hi Linda thx for the follow! Look forward to connecting.
Not understanding why you do the things you do.
Delta Air Lines employees today will present a check for $1.25 million to The Breast Cancer Research Foundation.
What she orda?
Guess Imma Go Head & Start On This Homework
I love South Park. I'm not just sure, I'm HIV Positive.
dude is always saying wacky stuff. Nothing beats when he thanked his therapist after winning the championship.
Whoa! Now that's a lot of double-dating, my friend!
I've been on Twitter for a min but never used it. I just recently started using it. It's nice.
here an f-bomb, there an f-bomb does not a drunken sailor make. :)
just put frosting over it. Those kids won't care. Unless it's really burnt. Cheer up!
- we publish work by teens about news events - are you a teen? Would like to use your tweets for a feature
Just started liking "Crew Love".... Might just be the beat tho...
ok 4 every 50 followers, 1 random follower will get a free ice cream cone/cup of their choice Will DM winner after every 50! RT 2 ur friends
Happened to me once when reading "Ordinary People." The plot seemed so familiar! lol. Then realized I had seen the movie.
New merch store coming to the official C.T. website soon!! Stay tuned to find out how you can get a new copy of the "This Time" special...
Thank u fans for coming out 2 promise village #comedy4acause in MI 2,500 strong!
Breaking #health2con news- everyone checking how many h's are in ophthalmology!
#Romney is who the Hammacher Schlemmer catalog has in mind for its anodyne crap. I can't picture him without some cheesey consumer object.
Prez - the State of the Union will always be strong as long as we attend to it well.
a honey thanks <3
RT : Someone got to The Good Phight by Googling "bryce harper virginity"
Why must I have Spanish first on a Monday ? I hope today is a good day :)
busy as always. Getting a lot done but the 10-12 hour days get old after a while.
All guitar players: check out and his pedals. I recommend the TUA and Peach fuzz used my
thanks for brighting up my day ive been sick so your joke helped
Never trust a bald man. You never know if he was ginger lmao saw it in was in tears
awesome trip :)
coz itzz new years eve tomorrow
Come play the latest and greatest slots at Barona Casino! Get your gaming on with Aloha Island, Big Vegas and Easy Cash Eddy!
#ted2012 #introverts 2) Go to the wilderness. Unplug and go inside your own head.
Chillin' w/ my kids is probably the best way I can think of to end a busy day of work + a hard day of training...
we all are official because we love and support you enough to make these accounts! We all are true mahomies for life <3
Gjelina tonight - stoked
nice to meet you too. Now get yrself to the next AMIA :)
Less than a month until my birthday c:
Demise is discussing a #Transportation #Taskforce - a way to save money and collaborate between schools.
hope you're around next year, we really need you!
Um, what does that mean?
Parting the Sea Between Brightness and Me is so relatable.
I always learn something new from
Spring cleaning the Twitter account. Don't worry if I unfollowed you. I'll follow you on my non-work related accounts.
patience my dear, patience. You will be one of the first to hear, we promise. Thanks for thinking of us!
it was on the reproductive system
The portable desk-top sized IBM 5100 from 1975 could cost up to $20,000, depending on options included.
Still a classic!
is it ever good news that we get to watch this team play on the road?
Congratulations to Ty Detmer of Southwest HS (TX) on making College Football Hall of Fame
Quick survey: Whose voice is your musical Kryptonite--you switch it off every time?
but u getting mad at me tho
... semester. Why did you send my tweet truncated, hootsuite? Why would I want that?
kettle corn & smart water
thanks again for the auto. Nevermind the marker!!
Just got out here @ the fairgrounds, hope it dnt rain I want rayle' 2 see some fireworks
The red hot Jake Peavy stands between the Red Sox & a 6 game winning streak. Tough one tonight, can the bats pull through?
Is Giselle doing a prayer chain?
I will say.... It's cold and windy here, not good baseball weather
thinking of getting a second job
i need sum more followers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
The Buffy/Angel breakup took Angel to the more adult world of LA. Tara's death spurred Willow to darkness and power. Others?
If this was 1991 I'd be say "boy this gas sure getting kind of high for $0.85"
I just follow the moose tracks.
I love you too<3
last piece before closing was finalized today. should close on the house next week!
Some relationships are really hard but don't let that person that is fighting for you go because you may never find someone like that again!
Show me a person backed with passion, conviction and resolve and I’ll show you a winner.
Blood's thicker than water, and when one's in trouble; Best to seek out a relative's open arms. ~Author Unknown
I read that hash tag as Jews at first. Bahaha
Thanks so much! :-)
#Bachelorette lesson learned: Never trust a guy wearing plaid.
OH: "Doctests are testing diarrhea without any documentation aspect"
when you give up and decide to go to Denny's
Hi! Having lunch with a high school friend today, but we'll definitely have to meet up at some point!
RT : We have 2 tix to the #TIMBERS tonight in Timbers Army section. Email by 6 to win them.
Someone's going down that elevator shaft.
Jesus cat bit me
Chris, I just read what Raz has been saying. Totally immature. Don't engage the conversation. It just keeps the pot stirred.
We'll actually be coming home from Atlanta on birthday. Maybe we can party next weekend or something.
I'm the devil. Surprise!
with a longer lifespan, level of enjoyment and has appreciated in value over the last 8 years!
its hot how you said go for the kill.(:
HAPPY Happy Valentine's day to ALL THE GIRLS ON TWITTER...RT IF U HATE BUT LOVE..%LOVE%
“: new track is hot! Original is amazing and you really did it justice ;)” - Thanks Bruh!
I wonder wht time my niece plan on coming home ... its getting late.
No, no. Memento horni was funny. After all, that's what we have plenty of.
Wind is definitely my least favorite weather element.
yall should definitely tell my frand happy birthday because GUESS WHAT its her bday
Be not afraid of going slowly. Be only afraid of standing still. Chinese Proverb
I kind of love and hate everything right now.
#Awesome what's 1 thing u can't stand at all?
Nobody cares right now. I'm in a crowded room, but I have never felt more alone.
RT : RT : I Cried When I realized Confessio Amantis was goinge to be longer than a couplet
I'd blush and probably turn red and hope he'd take my hand and walk me backstage and I'd hang with him and exchange numbers
have a gr8 race! RT : Back from to get my packet and some shiny new shoes too! Weather looks good for t
I h8 wen people call off work at the last min
<U+2665>Wonderful Thanks:•) Have a #Beautiful day<U+2764> <U+2665>#TEAMFYEKANDY<U+2665>
Dope! RT : Just finished editing music for an upcoming Knice clothing commercial.
We only get our local little paper. Cancelled bc only one teacher read the other and it was expensive
Such an overwhelming day today on twitter! RT me, RT me, and RT and followed me :) Wow!
1) Can't wait for back-to-back eps tomorrow 2) Rachel will get to NYC 3) Except for a couple meh eps, I really like this season.
& leave me out all the time :(
I'm ready for Friday to be over and it hasn't started yet.
Haha, sounds like a good idea to me!
You say we never do good news? Well tonight, a child beats cancer and now inspires others, and a dog takes the wrong bus and finds owner.
I'm going to drink another cup.... on this cold rainy day... who wants to be here with me yummy
Yu Darvish is absolutely filthy, that last curveball made me vomit in my mouth
lets collaborate sometime.
Safe travels and plentiful feasts to all this #Thanksgiving weekend!
I love the Brewers but us gettin bumped from FSN 2 the alternate station is bologna! Were fighting for playoffs & their season just began
<3 she makes me smile just thinking about her which is 24/7 :)
Lazy Saturday taking a final and writing a paper. And I'm craving ice cream!
Remember "Gee, Your Hair Smells Terrific"? I need a spray for "Gee, Your Hair Doesn't Smell Like Secondhand Smoke"
What fantastic tweets. You gave me so much valuable information. Way to go!!
Unloading silverware from the dishwasher is equal to folding laundry on hated chores list
Free twitter promotion on the url on my page. Works great for all networks. Try it. BTW, follow 4 follow? :)
Everyone's talking about Austin's concerts this summer... and then there's me, sitting here facepalming at my computer wishing I could go.
May the Forth be with you
Don't dress like a hoe and expect to be treated like a Queen.
if I miss the Iration concert ill be pissed as a motherfuckerrr
So tell me why the Comcast Technician is trying to get paid on the side for running wires?!? WTDTA???
If u want free admission ladies just use my name Travis Sosa guestlist for free admission. only
think I'm going myself.
whats up everyone
Good one!
#UpAllNightHP i really wanna host
I sit and watch it like a guilty pleasure yet my pans gather dust in my house
Great day filled with inspiring conversations including , several at & + a dash of for zest.
Waking up to new ideas is my greatest source of inspiration!
Im not good at waiting around… I wanna go work or do something
Omg I need to get out of babys r us I'm gettin baby fever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Thank you for the follow. From your website it looks like you rep bold and exciting artists!!!
Ughh it's killing me
In principle I agree, but the litmus test is whether you get dibs on Logan Center resources.
The republicans in the room are dying after the taste of highball performance!
Girl: I love Austin Mahone!!! Me: OMG me too! I miss ShootUsDown! Girl: what's that? Me: well this is awkward...
Three potlucks, one weekend.
same to you
My piano skills are getting better>=]
got nothing but love & #support for the models and individuals who retweet, advertise, recommend and
yes c: i will later though<3
Managed to avoid them by sitting in the "orchestra well." (4th row, center) I'll suffer through minor neck-strain, no problem.
Well it IS bday next week
Issue 99 is out! Lonely Kings, Kepi Ghoulie, artist Mark Bryan, Holiday Gift Guide, Juno's Kitchen & Delicatessen, Sherman Baker and more!
Thanks for everyone who came out to our show last night! Next up: 9pm Saturday November 26th at The Flask Lounge in Portland ME!
Was talking about #SavvyAuntieBook to 2 PANK friends & they're both so excited 2 buy - "Brilliant idea" were their words!!
My mum is expecting me to get better for this exam, shit!.
goodjob babe! so proud of you! bring it this weekend!
iAint gonna deny it iBe on some fly shit...
That nigga Flex a uncle tom, speakin against a nigga that had so much love for our people. Pac gave all of us a voice.
": #TwoThingsThatDontMix a cute body with an ugly face."
for Design Share 4
diabetes and sinusitis, my next PubMed search :-) - got a bad case of it today :-(
Dear customers, let's play a game called 'If you put your items on my counter&keep shopping, I'll hide them on the other side of the store.'
": I asked him about it yesterday and he didn't remember calling me hahahahah"im an ass
FOLLOW ME ..? Please (:
Don't like $300 cap on 5% purchases for this QTR. Lowest of the year, less than 1/2 of the $800 for the 1st QTR. Where's the love?
To be truly alone in this world takes a lot of work.
Website/browser #failure day. Nike.com didn't like IE9 and liked Firefox 9; Wellsfargo.com liked IE9 and not Firefox 9. QA, people!
6 hours of sleep a night is normal, right?
You couldn't check your account the 15 minutes that you were in line instead of when it comes time for you to pay?
Good Wednesday Morning! Almost gym time!
A proper lighting plan is a combination of ambient ,task,mood and accent lighting creating an agreeable atmosphere
Good luck!
good call!
- 0, missed that. Thanks!
Friends or not, a team mate is a team mate.
Awee she's crying:(
Sympathy constitutes friendship; but in love there is a sort of antipathy, or opposing passion
Patrick Ewing mixed with Bert from sesame street reveal.... Anthony Davis.
twenty minutes ago, I came to have breakfast with my friend. But i'm procrastinating on whether I should go or not.
30 Things I Will Miss About Mikwaukee. A one-a-day countdown.
Near the U of M Campus.
March 23rd birthdays rule! RT : Thank you so much for the birthday wishes! You all made my day special and feel loved!
Gaffield: Raising awareness was first key step in supporting and implementing OA.
my bestfriend makes me smile to much! but its a good thingg!< 3
When other people try to get my boyfriend to break up with me.. I'm not kidding when I say I'm going to hurt you.
Frances Bean: Go check on mommy.
Talking to actor-writer-director-funny lady (& wife to Bill Hader) Maggie Carey tomorrow for upcoming feature on femme filmmakers in Nylon
After party spot with
I agree. OL was a much bigger need, and the Giants have always been able to find RBs late.
We'll achieve equality when candidates of color & women candidates can fuck up, too, & not have it derails their careers.
RT : We've teamed up with to offer 5 $2K scholarships to teach abroad in #Chile #Argentina or #Brazil!...
oh la la LOL took that for four years in HS and year in college. french isnt too bad compared to other languages
I have serious feelings about "Just Like Heaven" and don't care how 14-year-old this is of me.
We did both - what are you doing?
Yay, Glad you joined! RT : Just joined Pretty excited, eager for the trial period.
The leaders who work most effectively, it seems to me, never say <U+FFFD>I
I wanna watch The Naked Gun all of a sudden. A classic!
Come to Summit Music Hall tonight in Denver at 7:00 PM to help us play at Warped Tour. If we have the best performance we win. It's only $5
Following and her newly found old age and will head to bed. Annoying this getting old
Word has it that some upstart tech blog is using our API for networking at their conference...
Anyone do anything "Artistic"!? ;)
Just woke up!! damn I musta been tired!!
Good to hear from you Michael. Sorry, didn't recognize the name.
still haven't been to a class this term yet.. TIME MANAGEMENT
I've now seen 4 people in my feed who also woke up to no hot water. Are we all in the same shit building, or is NYC broken?
haha I definitely just tweeted something to myself that was supposed to be to you..
thanks for the follow back on keek!(: and ur pretty awesome!!
How funny teachers think they are is usually the inverse of how funny I think they are.
Volunteering after work. You can find me, at a Marketing Committee meeting for
I had a terrible education. I attended a school for emotionally disturbed teachers.
May or may not have moshed at an Andrew W. K. concert last night... #isthisreallife?
Defensive three seconds. Basically a penalty for laziness. No surprise Lakers would get such a call in this game.
Thanks for the mention! It was tons of fun, and we'll do it again next month.
Last club review for the night...New York's hottest club is Bam. Club Owner Michael Moore has gone all out...w/ cowboys holding cats
salt & freshly ground black pepper to taste.
If you see this post, but don't follow me, please do.~~ I follow back, y'know!
Almost ninety degrees on the first day of April? I still haven't gotten used to this #Dallas weather yet.
#KALE contains #carotenoids & #flavonoids: two powerful #antioxidants that protect our cells from free radicals that cause oxidative stress.
I know you want to come to the UK! You can eat Fish and Chips with the Mahomies on a beach in wet, windy weather:')
Nope, the peeps in this session are #lame and don't have their handles on their name tents :-(
My favorite literacy technology!
When do u get here !?! can't wait to reunite and possibly relive some of our old nyc memories ;)
don't make me come over there and sit in between you two!
With love in my voice, I say "Get off your butt and make your own damn cookies if you want them so bad!"
Reminiscing on 90's day right now. My childhood was amazing for real
Okay I think the first full song is gonna is gonna be LMFAO. But what's the last song gonna be?
« Act in ways that create your future rather than reacting against your past. #success #leadership»
My favorite subway band is moving up. They now play city parks at night. Lol
Great first day at work! :)
Hey peach bottom!
Thanks for RTs
haha I'm pretty sure we are
Friday! The Best Day of the Work Week!
"The only time people care about their health is when you don't have it." Do you agree?
The thunder sounds so nice.
omg I said that first time I heard it! Lol
Kelly shut off #bobsburgers, and our 4-yr-old cried, "It's a cartoon!" Sorry about any adverse ratings effect.
I won tix to the vs. South Dakota game in a raffle at work & finally get to take to her first #Badgers game!
Yes, master. As you wish.
fish old man betbetshoves KT on 864TT to beat my KK, skipping 1b to go back to tally
ha woww lol sweet shoes ha
I'm Blessed and Highly Favored. I Beleive It.
Obama "budget" counts leaving Iraq and Afghanistan (though we are aleady gone or leaving) as half his "cuts" EACH of the 10 years. Bull.
Damn fine question. I was thinking new, but am willing to hear your opinion either way.
Spring brings fresh asparagus, peas, and greens. Get inspired to cook a seasonal masterpiece! Tune in 5/19, 11am for #kcts9cooks ^KB
And for You as well! Apologies for the dilatory response, finally getting up and around over here...
50 days left in SD, goodbye sandy eggo!
Fucking free day at the zoo?!
Haha i know she told me :)
#Cubs are being #Marmol'd
my dog has a bow leg
I agree, this is a great watch value.
": The life of a Pastor's family around Christmas time is something I wish everyone could experience." I know that's right!
pissing of Rahm is a bad move, for any business.
Don't forget to hug a Mom this weekend!
mean? They don't truly know if they are testing "teacher effectiveness", but they are firing teachers anyway.
YES. Going Black Widow :)
Celebrating Christmas when he returns. :]
Wow.. I already miss baseball!!!!
New DJ name: DJ WWJD (palindrome)(different than a Palin-drome, which is a Palin-like drome)(drome is not a real word)
Your scenes with Kelly Sullivan today were awesome...you two rocked it!
Awww #NickCannon is such a sweetheart! I'm over here cheesing for #MariahCarey ;)))) Love Rules!
I would very much like a virtual hug
Thanks for visiting! I look forward to meeting again.
Are you guys at Neon Love/Life tonight?? How is it??
Wow Barry Sanders, stand up! Oh wait, sorry. And nice Christmas outfit!
Heading 2 Plainfield 4 the IHSAA townhall meeting. Interested to hear the arguments. I've been on both sides of class. At Tech because of it
RT : Excited for my team mates today, on the pole and Carl looks really nice in that suit.
that is awesome ! Any personal new releases soon?
Acting like nothing is wrong, but just falling apart on the inside
Blackhawks game with some of the guys.
yeah I did. I'm really glad decided to bring it back
Match Rule #7: Sending me a message that says "hi" [sic] isn't enough. This is why you're single, you loser.
congratulations!!!!! Well deserved!!!!!
Hi everyone! Heading off to Las Vegas for a show this Thursday at the beautiful new Smith Center for the Performing Arts.
Thanks, you're rad. RT : Congrats on Ovation Awards & thanks for another great night. Monkey Adored was cosmically rad.
“All truth passes through three stages. 1st it is ridiculed. 2nd it is violently opposed. 3rd it is accepted as being self-evident.” A.S.
Omg I'm so ready to go home 2:00 please hurry up!!!
There is just something about detailing my truck inside and out that makes me feel accomplished and happy!
RT : Perceptions are rarely reality. Fears are rarely true.
Used paperback, THE BEST OF MODERN POETRY, notes on cover "Original title: SHAKE THE KALEIDOSCOPE" Pub year, this copy: 1975. 1st ed.: 1973.
what a terrible tweet. :)
Nobody to text because I'm up so freaking early.
Day 2 of 30 of my exercise challenge in progress, decided that it might be healthy to actually sweat at the gym this time.
Hey Hope all is well.
Working closely with to develop new and exciting events and incentives for the members of The Celebration Chamber of Commerce.
#Madonna should never shuffle. <3
What a day today... Mateus Ward, Matthew Jacob Wayne, and Julia Kern all working! WTG guys!!!
I'm all for it! This year is turning out to be a great one for new albums.
Im too tired for this shit
Sure, early works for me. 6am?
Today I was measured for a tailored suit in Switzerland, both super cool & super insightful. #Fact: 1 centimeter = 0.393700787 inches
Every status I write gets sent to Twitter.
It'd be cool if would wake up, and not spend his Friday night sleeping.
yeah it was me and !
Headed 2 share a word at Rainbow Park Baptist Church, Rev Dial, Pastor with a book signing of "7 Steps to Peace of Mind" 2follow
Sent the big homie a track from the album. We are about to drop a NEW blessing upon the music world.
Just working bra. Bouta finish this MgRg session for this 4/20 compilation.
Jason Bay would have struck out twice in that at-bat
Omg Emily you are my best friend
any info yet? Email me please. Thank you
lol this is what I get for leaving this shit for the last minute.
and I thought it was Shark Tank :( RT : meeting you was a highlight of my #TribeFest weekend! (...and my life?)
oh, get well son hun :D <3
HEY ITS ME FOLLOW BACK PLEASE!
Thinking of my husband & whatever the fate.. Keep your heads high! #bphs my prayers and thoughts are w all of you!
Thx for RT! #socialmedia RT : Most companies are not prepared for a social media crisis via PR Daily linkd.in/pU3J7s
LOL. Luckily for Barbara, Katharine wasn't like, "What kind of stupid question is that?"
At least glad that the tedious "Walk through my house of crap with movers and catalogue every thing" is now completed...after 3x.
my irl clout is immeasurable son, those Amex cards should rain down on me. F the innanet!
Thanks :). I'm so glad it's not raining today! Yesterday was one of those random rainy days in southern California.
would you be okay with going with a group of people?
#japan Facebook Japan Earthquake
Back in the office for the first time in nearly 3 weeks....this should be interesting.
Tossing and turning all night wtf
Thanks for the plug-- every bit helps! :)
The violence there is really horrible.
Ask us about our referral program!
What are some model Scams you have run in to? I am doing some research!
But if you're over age twenty-one, your life is what you're making of it
stay safe!
I've got the next 48 hours off. Let the napping commence!
Yahoo Japan: Same name, very different company
How can u take brake on sumthing u luv doing????..Am going back DANCING $$$$$$$$ FUCK IT!!!!
The end of the year is a time for reflection and goal setting. What are your resolutions going to be?
Rashard Evans vs. bones jones
in mine I was in a prison camp run by Darth Vader. That bad?
#SomeWomenCantStand a guy with no respect
I just hope if u r my dad u will not treat me any differently then your other daughter. I want to be hit 2 & called fat 2
a good example of an author using twitter to connect with her audience #USC #writers conference
Tip from : as a writer, you *need* to have a unique perspective.
i'll try my hardest though!
Ok, now I'm really craving a glass of Viognier after reading an article at Snooth.com. Too bad I only purchased a Cab for this evening.
Friends met Joss Whedon at SXSW last night. I'm trying my best to control the raging jealousy.
Logan Docherty puts me in a bad mood.
Jack jablonski is not the only person to be paralyzed while playing hockey. Seriously.
Stuck in the Houston airport for ten hours. Is there anything to do in airports besides get drunk?
You're a sweet heart <3
Ladies and gentleman, because a passenger requires medical attention, I am going to have to leave momentarily. I'm a sympathetic puker.
Calli misses you !
Lmao my sister's boyfriend say's i walk like im the shit! ^.^
Follow my bum
do they? which one(s)? I'll add to my to-do list this weekend
legit been doing it all day and I have nothing done and it is just horrible...good thing I know what I'm doing!
Love it!
hello ;D
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there
I step over piranhas
Im so loaded and I have to go to work.
I don't mean to talk about other people's mothers but Mother Nature is confused. :-/
2 late 2 cancel - already been installed. But that's my point: if I could have canceled & reordered, why cant it be changed?
are you do some top secret Mickey Mouse research?
RT Always leave room in your life for things that make you happy
Im hungry
Congratulations to everyone who has already woken up and taken a class this AM! You are all so much stronger than me
Agreed. Didn't get to watch Cael like I get to watch David.
Just had a blast with my five year old nephew! I seriously do not know how mothers fin the energy. I mean every single day.
When A&M secedes, when Peyton returns
I miss you!
Through two periods, Edina leads Mounds View 3-1 in the Class 2A quarterfinals.
#NeverShouldYouEver give up on your dreams. They'll come true.
uhh i was lost in music
Thermal Energy
Failed plans for the Rose Kennedy Greenway are depressing. Orphaned project. A hole in Boston's heart! Can a leader please step up?
Congrats ! I look forward to presenting with you at
great weight loss programs-break ups
I did beat pretty handedly. I say we have a league-wide jorts bet. should be involved too.
so jealous
Just ordered my pizza. I am nowhere near hungry, but gotta stuff my face in the name of gameday superstitions.
I wish everyone a very Merry Christmas and a safe holiday weekend.
I'm slow, lol
Leaving sorry for you RT : coming sorry!!!!!!
If you're driving on 43 north near 894, you're not going very fast. It's bumper to bumper. Avoid this area right now.
Don't tweet about me cunt
Hey Tweeps - I've asked to give me her "wish list" of artists she'd like to work with. What collab do u wanna see happen?
get it, girl!
Sometimes you just know right off whether or not a significant other is a potential 'next' or a 'last'...I suppose hope makes one stay
Great article
Who is going to see the screening of The Wolf Knife tonight at UW Union South-Gallery 1308? Starts at 8 p.m.
#Raptors promoting Jeremy Lin on their website, "See Lin-sanity Live". That's what happens when you're 17th in attendance. Tix: $51
Water Way Challenge hits DC tomorrow. Look for colorful convertibles at Union Station and around town for your free #CrystalLight sample!
The city is zoning for energy efficiency today!! Wind power!!!
At the half 10, Rio Grande Valley Magic, 0
my bad I saw your last tweet, sorry
#AskRyan what is ur favorite kind of cheese!? :D
change of plans, im dying all my hair black:)
I love & miss my mom so much
I've decided SVV needs to guest post a tutorial since he's the expert. That *will* be happening soon!
I Hate When People Say One Thing And Do The Exact Opposite ...
Damn Near 3am, & Im Up Fucking Arguing.
# happyhairday get your malaysian/brazilian hair LIKE our fanpage...extreme lashes and eyebrow threading too
Obama and I go way back .
I have to pee. That is all.
Cruelty to animals does not portend well. Folks cruel to animals need help before it's directed to humans.
My brain is full of more ideas for the day camp can't stop thinking #TeamFollowBack please we need more followers today
Older, multi-week training programs for customer facing staff are low hanging fruit for redesign;target >=25% shorter, >=50% more effective
thanks for the #FF !
12 hours of working on a chemistry project and not even half way done...
The launch party is TOMORROW! I wanna see you there!
Oh #punkd how I've missed you!
Love the idea of #takedrive for Brad. This won't end well.
After playing fetch with Bennie 25 times he finally gets tired. Stop growing!
I have to take the ACT's today and tomorrow it would be amazing if you could wish me luck :)
The Lakers need a better crowd; they're too quiet!
RT : When things go poorly, whatever or whoever it is that you run to, that is your god. Run to the Lord.
I'm feeling an A on my bio test tomorrow
First day of work complete! Like a boss! Well...actually like a cashier, but you get the picture.
ok no more switching channels, watching the rest of the #Blackhawks game!
RT There's a trend here: Healthy retail sales; improving small business confidence; remarkably healthy consumer confidence.
Aim for abstinence: Once a psychiatrist fucks your brain, it will never be a virgin again.
--Thanks for the #FF yesterday!!
On the plane.
whichever is your favorite !
You'll love and Let me know how you like the movie. I loved it! One of Rick Linklater's best
However many ways there may be of being alive, it's certain that there're greatly more means of being dead, or instead not alive.
Ur welcome BITCH:)
Kindly report to your husband that most women support the
evolve, bro.
maybe so I was never big on beer any way, I can drink one corona that's it lol
a bit nuts right now but will check out your post on managing emails and comment later tonight. Btw, I LOVE Portland, ME :-)
Alright time to clean this dump of a garage out
fade me then bruh.
Life's not always fair. Sometimes you can get a splinter even sliding down a rainbow. ~Terri Guillemets
Aw thank you love! We are honored to be there and carry the lines we have...and most of all clients like you;)
#Its2012WhyYouStill Not living it up, you know this might be your last year to live.
oh ok my bad killer
What color XTS would you choose?
keep ur head up
On my way up to for the LUJE Gil Evans concert! Good luck to LUJE and !
Blueberry Pancakes And Bacon...YEZZUR! (Juicy J Voice)
How embarrassing it is to have the stupidest person EVER to serve as a politician in DC as our vice president. Yeah Joe Bite me..you, fool!
Is he on tv
when you gonna come out with I'll mind of Hopsin V?! I can't get enough of 4
Love can transform the most commonplace into beauty and splendor and sweetness and grace. ~ Helen Steiner Rice
Michael Jackson - In The Closet (Michael Jackson's Vision)
off to work :)
To the people on YouTube posting "why I hate One Direction" videos. You're just mad cause Louis' ass gets more views than you ever will.
I realize that twitter is about communicating w/ each other, but I still struggle with knowing if someone is tweeting to/at me. lol.
St Louis RT ": 92?! Where is this?"
WOW!!! TNT brought DALLAS tv show back? Wow! I dnt even remember where they left off at. So I guess TBS will bring back DYNASTY???
i love
Hahaha phone password 1Direction&Glee haha my mother will never know. :)
Thomas, I'm so sorry. I was crying before because I missed my grandpa. They're both in better places. God is watching them <3
Thinks I may have developed a wee bit of a crush.
Cramps + Stomach Flu = blah
haha jus let them think they look good , it helps with they self-esteem .
it smelled like piss 12 years ago im sure its worse now
I now have a Drawception addiction.
I was just an Extra in a Russel Crowe/Olivia Wilde movie!!! I love working downtown! :-D
My pawpaw is the scariest diver <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
"mom, I have a sore throat" "ok I'm taking you to the doctor tomorrow" "to who?" "______" "ne'mind, it doesn't hurt anymore.
do you remember dancing with me at a Charity Benefit in Cleveland? I fix your drummers tooth;)
and I objectify you... and you... and you....
we have enlisted the help of United Response Search & Rescue & are pleased to announce they have agreed to help us in the search for Lisa!
Thanks for the RT. Following you now, follow back to stay in touch. Thx, Bru
killer #sales consultation today; smart team...but had no idea how to
George Smith furniture used in each room--the Chesterfield by the fireplace is so inviting!
your toilet paper is by far the softest I've ever felt. My backside thanks you! :)
Up and working. Got to watch UFC later. Should be a great main event!
Back from #MFF2011...Day 4 write up coming shortly! I caught "Gainsbourg: A Heroic Life" and "Buddha Mountain".
Tweet me numbers and your name and i will see which goes better with your name! -Jesseca
Happy Australia day!! Do wish I was out on harbor with my dear friends glass of chardy in hand
bailey, please follow me. <3
Oh i think they(VH1) like me
bro I got a couple of singles for u to check out!!
S/O to he needs 1,000 FOLLOWERS BY TONIGHT!! FOLLOW HIM FOR A S/O!!!! Message when you FOLLOW!!!
Establishing a "Single" standard for tackle training will hold ALL players & coaches ACCOUNTABLE for leading with the CROWN.
you need to come up ASAP and we need to hangout this next week for sure! :D
Im coming over....when does your thing start?
#executivedecision : there needs to be more $5 sangria in my life
I live in NYC
idk and not till I get my phone case back
Happy Dia de los Muertos/All Saints' Day!!! x_x
sorry that was an error
Nice, Josh. Now quick, what does this mean: "Post hoc ergo propter hoc."
All your lies made it that much easier to see the truth.
V. emotional day, esp. for those in Southern Cal.
Don't make me put you on blast. Word of mouth advertising is a mother fucker, and Twitter ain't the only site on the web to advertise.
it never fills me up
#nehvectors Wendy Cheng et al People's Guide to LA maps sites of organizing and resistance. Xlnt follow-on to Matt Damon's racial Philly
Judge says his order will include no sleeping at the Capitol. Tells both sides to discuss how to remove 99 staying in Capitol.
No introduction by Alan this week, looks like they did some quick edits, cutting scenes short by mere seconds.
Thanks to everyone who entered the Ultimate Access sweeps! We are DMing winners today and will announce them once confirmed. Good luck!
intense night at work, back hurts!
Take a bow :D
Is that Marliave?
Him & Her man !
Even if you're not working thru social media, people will talk about your organization on SoMe--so why not join the conversation?
why u r 1 of my all-time fave peeps... takes more than 140 to explain. Thanks for thinking of me! I will be there.
What the mind can conceive and believe, the mind can achieve. - Napoleon Hill
no, swear u was prolly on that stuff lol
Just realized the beginning of my obsessive planning began with my iphone purchase
I would, too. But where would I keep it? (sigh) Logistics ruin everything.
FYI, I posted those pics on Fetlife last night.
You must live at that place... Enjoy and be safe for sake.
CHELSEA, WHAT IS THIS
No, and I'm seriously sad about it. A bunch of asked if we could go, but didn't get approval.
no, I'm not watching the Super Bowl, but watching Beginners again. and eating homemade guac. because that's more worth my time :)
#GoTribe Wow, Acta switching things up and has Choo at lead off for tonight
Dudes! We're going to be on tv at 9!
He was then wrapped in linens, placed in a "borrowed" tomb, and when the first day of the week had come, friends came to see His body....
#mix1 is low GI RT “: Low glycemic carbs: fruits, yams, beans, milk, oats, whole grains, wheat pasta”
Break out the broomsticks! Great weekend Blazers
school is the reason why I don't get to eat breakfast.
Our last customer found Trash Hauling Fast online and within one hour their trash was gone! Now that's truly trash hauling fast!!!
I find it hard to believe there are actually people who get in the shower first and THEN turn on the water.
Jason Kidd (former adulterer and wife beater) wins NBA Sportsmanship award. Next year's winner has already been declared Metta World Peace
FML......this is exactly why I don't do Monday mornings
nice wording - the Nazis tried to do "cleansing" - do you wish to share their fate? Is that who you are inside?
Own it, Live it , Love it. Stop being ashamed of who you are.
I was thinking small scale and unpaid, just as an experiment. But I never mentioned it to Chris.
change your expectation to appreciation #Lifeclass Alrighty Now!!!
who, go #Yankees lol
just wondering. you would make a good couple
Awesome! Stay healthy my friend.
thanks for the suggestions - I will let you know what I get!
Well, I guess if it was a part of the domain it wopuld've been something like: architectrr :)
But yeah, it wouldn't make sense to let go of a civilian PIO to hire another sworn firefighter to do the same job.
Semi-official #scms11 thank you to all the many tweeps who made the conference backchannel a success. See u at
Next endeavor - sauerkraut!
After leaving town for almost 2wks to do a show, I'm finally back at the big M's. Tonight thru Sunday. 3655 Cahuenga blvd. W. Universal City
If you could describe us in one word, what would it be?
depends on what you consider a pg. all around cp3 scoring Westbrook or d rose distributor rondo
I of course love when my daughter and husband are around but it's also nice to have time to myself to work on my jewelry :-)
Don't say it back& I'm done...
. teach a man to fish, you'll make millions ;-)
Soon Vicky, really soon :)
Why is there no category for sports teams in your Best Of? How do I nominate the ?!
Follow the discussion at NASPATech28 #
5/19 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Ted Alexandro
Oh god. This always makes me ashamed to be an American.
I've gotten a lot better at licking ice cream... I wonder why! Haha
already too hot to think in the office, good thing its March
JUST ADDED 4 1/2 TO ST PATS BASH SAT NITE...BUILD YOUR OWN GREEN BIKINI CONTEST LADIES & WIN $500
no she's really sweet.
Vital Signs: National Week of the Nurse: Vital Signs is a community health promotion column sponsored by the Martha Jefferson Hospita...
Q: when was your first kiss? 3 days before my 17th birthday. ^-^
just found out that he does have options left
awesome thank you!!! :)
Responded to FIRE @ 170 E 17th St, Brooklyn, NY 11226 and helped 6 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
I have the "Caring for your Introverts" article prominently displayed in my office.
Yes! RT : We're less than a week away from #ONDI Provincials! Important consideration - same crazy hat or new crazy hat?
the finals i take tomorro <<
be careful who let fall out of our lives
Awww thanks so much!!! Talk to you soon on !!!
Motor racing-Out of the Blue, Sauber F1 do Chelsea deal
almost got smacked by a car....guess I better go write another HIT! Haha
being sober feels so much better. never drinking 5 shots again!
You'll get excited when #s start falling off! #HCG #weightloss RT Starting hcg diet Im only excited about the two first days
#askdansavedlatin just came up on my trends list, aha x
#Nowplaying In The Rain by The Dramatics
Wake up n the morning make my breakfast hm
Thanks for the follow Dave!
do you want to ?
Thank you and best wishes to Lyn Miller-Lachman, Editor-in-Chief of MCR who leaves her post to pursue an MFA at Vermont College
#haywire really worked for me.
I'm feeling a tweet spree coming on.. Prepare for random thoughts
Thanksgiving left over turkey sandwiches are excellent!
Two gigs this week!! f£-day and s_nday :)
there was a registration they had.. Then if selected they have tryouts
we aim to please ;-)
Five page written writers block seems to be disappearing
Thank you so much for thinking to write! Hope you had a beautiful weekend! :o)
Just reread THE TERMINAL MAN. It's 40 years old, but still an astonishingly good novel about neurotechnology.
If you're doing email marketing on your own platform you're mental
i follow bakk !!
Yoga is amazing <3
And I can't say How I Met Your Mother jumped the shark last night because they jumped it two seasons ago. Flat lining
Seems like the brightest stars always burn out the fastest. Thanks for the music #WhitneyHouston RIP
I cannot wait to start school in April
still remember endless buckets of beer and high-fiving (and handing beers to) anyone passing by from the median at woodrow's
Always got your back my dearest Manhole....hell I'll go post it on my blog if it gives me a good giggle
How can we help?
Just play #knockknock all morning!
OR WE COULD JUST SKYPE WHEN I GET HOME
TONIGHT AT ZEBULON come witness the world's first psychedelic snowman! www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
Talking about Nate Cornejo. Of.
all you gotta do is call haha :)
Bobby Valentine is starting to look drunk in every interview. Not good for the
is resting after working as a casting director, fight choreographer, acting coach, and sound person on three short films last weekend.
btw let's go out Thursday! With our hoods up. #wecandowhateverwewant!
U ROCK DID IT GO WELL!?
Im going nuts
Time to "pull off the bandaid, eat our peas!" Good analogy from the President.
People take tweets so seriously lol
when im mad like like to choke myself while i touch myself.
Sign up if you haven't already and vote for ya girl Marquisadeshawn!!!
oh east side salem is much worse!
Joey Votto just hit a walkoff grand slam for his third hr of the game?!?!
#Father I pray that #everyone feel your presence, that everyone accept #Jesus as #Lord and #Savior. My heart wants all to know the #truth!
Everyone getting high, Get yo head out the clouds.. It's amazing what ppl will say and do just just to stick out
The great Marvin Harrison only looks slightly more like an NFL player than this Justin guy from Radford, VA who won some contest. Amazing.
Establishing a social media presence is highly overrated. I quit. - zach.
Clues to engage consumers: “Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn.”
I can't participate in that game.. Smh.
RT : We succeed (or fail) not because of what we are, but more because of the stories we tell ourselves
<U+2660>RT : you can tell a lot about a person that brings up every instance when they have done the slightest for you.
you gotta go look some other ones up. wkuk is hilarious
Remember when we had to read an article, listen to an article, then make a speech? The big joke called AP Spanish <3
Automatic- Nicki Minaj >>>>>> what ever your listening to.
I really don't want to cook, but none of the restaurants still offering delivery at this hour appeal to me. :[
He is the Greatest Dj EVER!!!!!!!!! Pay the man...lol
I LOVE MY COLUMBUS BOYS LOL CONGRATS GUYS LOVE YOU
Someone hit my car in a parking lot and forgot to stop and tell me;) I fixed it for $6- thank you Jesus
You block your dream when you allow your fear to grow bigger than your faith
E A B7 = 'I've been everywhere'
How to Cure Foot Gout: Including low-fat dairy food in your routine diet will help to cure and stop gout ... There are a lot of foods...
Happy Friday! Woohoo - Any interesting plans??
My takeaway from tonight's debate: the clear winner was moderator Juan Williams.
happy Easter
I got to see it from the water...pretty amazing.
of course!!! Just like last week. Looking forward to u rockin the Rhumba!
ok!! Thanks for the help!
so do you know if we have VIP do we meet you too or just MB?
Move ur tools to production mode once u figure out ur goals. Officialize it, have policies. Thx Edward!
Draw something anyone?
What's the date on this sick antelope with all the teases in the beginning?? Mikeo Esquandolas?!?
workshop: Establish value of a website by identifying how much it would cost an org. to communicate/operate w/o it.
Cant ever get a peaceful nights sleep anymore without shit on my mind.
a+ hanging out yesterday. ;)
the hair def compliments the lips.
Think I'm gonna have an amy winehouse marathon this weekend...
Even the sun sets in paradise <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0086>
ur so beautiful
Big thanks to Coach Gary Kubiak & the for taping a great segment for Jake Plummer's AZ HoF induction video. Knows Jake well!
Heading up to Ithaca to see the Cornell Johnson Museum 's new expansion! Any recommendations of things to do while upstate?
I did---and I sent it to our weekend folks as something to cover---thx Harris!
Working late? Studying late? Happy Hour at 10 pm - $5 Drafts. A burger and a beer to kick off the long weekend.
i am 90% sure the outside of your noise doesn't have cartilage doe
just killed the halftime show at the Frankfort High School varsity game!!!! great radio event!!!
in Dominican jail. Oh wait that was Simon. And Guerrero. And Ponson.
Had my first series regular audition today. I think it went well. Keep it comin', 2012!
students contribute to readings of the class by submitting readings and summaries
lol we do that all the time!
all I can think of offhand is keeping Meebo chat open? Could also make an online form, prob something better though
You are right Senator...where has he been???
No poems can please for long or live that are written by water-drinkers. ~ Horace
tru dat son...i feel you, im back home lookin for a job for the summer...i hit your phone the other day unless u was busy
- Agreed and agreed. Almost always a good fit.
I know. But you're cuter ;) Hahaha.
it's true, he is uniquely trained
At the Paley center, waiting to interview Kevin Conroy, Andrea Romano, & Phil Morris. Just saw Phil Morris get locked out.
Law of Results Progression-Activities lead to certain outcomes, creating new opportunities for new activities, leading new outcomes-on & on.
": Anyone else think this dude Canelo Alvarez looks like Blake Griffin's brother? #FightNight" except Canelo got skills.
Welcome aboard!
fundraiser for ???
Dorworth, Palmer inducted into ski shrine
Everyone tune in to BET to see the one and only ' new "The Don" video!!!!
At (inside) the ford theater for the first time and the nice usher even showed me the main space! What a treat :)
I KNOW!! I got pink carpet!! And dressers:] ~Devin.Anne<3
hey do any of u wanna chat with me on ustream? my name is becky_hartstein:)
was it the Acura rdx? That jumped out at me like a sore thumb
me too!
Going to see the adjustment buearu now! I heart matt damon
Ok Alexi...how do we get you grow a big ole ginger beard? You would for sure be a great beard of history.
And y'all think MURPH is a bad defensive player??? Ok
You dream it, I live it.
<U+200E>235 yrs ago 2day: Continental Congress holds 1st vote on Declaration of Independence. Thank God they held another.
hey Nick (: how you doing ?
special circumstances, they're going to open on the weekends just for AG
I think that "It Will Rain" is one of the BEST covers you have done.. I am in love <3
Thank you #FIrstNationalBankSouthlakeTownSquare for a fabulous Exchange Night! Kudos to
Google maps blows my mind a bit more every time I use it. Does anyone know of a more powerful single page app? I don't.
interesting distinction and why i don't believe anything that any candidate says.
So I watched "SiCKO" today. I ALWAYS KNEW KNIXON WAS AN ASS! A NATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE MAKES SENSE. I DONT H8 FRANCE...AMERICA DOES.
if cancels im gonna be crying for about a week i just love the morning newscast!
that was the only acceptable answer..
I just saw a Kia commercial with Blaine Griffin (whoever that is), looking like he's flipping everybody off. How does that get past censors?
i hate how i have to wait two years to be old enough to go to abdc tapings.
Done and done! Congrats on passing the $5K mark! Have a great walk! #giveeveryday love
I think I need to buy the eggnog ones. Just have to figure out which of my friends will understand them... ;)
lmao all random, i want chinesse food!
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
RNG killed it. Bailey at that one point omg.
Agree with that! Lets go get UCLA!
has a hot body. Follow him. Lol
great meeting last night! fence is going up tomorrow, good things are coming
GOING ON CLEVELAND TODAY BEFORE I GO TO THE HOUSE
Panic slowly ensuing upon me as we reach the stoke of midnight.
I didn't use her today! We got your wheel fixed!
We’re demonstrating OneCommand Vision at next week, booth #821!
. Vote for jobs, schools, and small businesses—vote for the American Jobs Act.
math 141 (calc 1) thats the highest you could test into i think. It was kinda hard /: i got 25/33
you doin summer school
RT "It's the RECORD business that's in trouble - the MUSIC business is doing better than ever" (Kenneth Hertz)
The Wood is on. Cc:
Thanks for the #FF!
good morning
Holy Moly. That 675R is nice.
Damn...MJ must be broke...oh well...I woulda took the money too & then went into exile for a minute..why not a Microsoft commercial??
Monday night madness.. ...we in that thang
wishes Apple wouldn't release a new operating system until all of the bugs are worked out :-/ OY!
Visiting with Bruce Hulse and his beautiful wife, Katrina. Looking at their Christmas in Paris pics!
not to get all "PICK ME FOR YOUR REBOUND!!" but dude, you could use a drink on somebody else. if you're up for it, let me know.
Ride the wave!! don't get swallowed by it - life is more then drugs & L
"do not throw me under the bus, because I'll back it up reverse it and hit you right back"
Chris never misses.
I ask myself that question every day, But nothing ever seems to come up.
There are products out there to mount an iPhone to a tripod but leaning against a stationary object and using both hands works OK
you should follow me lol.
Ugh, I received bad news yesterday. My new job is delayed between 2 weeks to a month due to equipment problems.
thanks folks for putting up the info on Drew, hope this is not more than a miss one game type thing!
#Edmodo My district is using moodle but finding it is a great place for me to "house" resources but students do not become engaged in chats.
See how some women are, if they don't get what they want in life from you, your gonna get your teeth knocked out!, I mean pulled out, lol.
just compared me to #Jess from
Looking forward to movie and munchie night. Also copius amounts of
I will play leapfrog before this day is over. Even if it's with an unwilling terrier.
RT : #dreamdeferred12 "the College Board Policy and Advocacy Center website will become indispensable to you"
oh yeah for sure oh and Joe is not gay he just like Kobe!! Hahaha I say Miami and San Antonio
OK I'll keep you posted on that. These particular relatives live in ID & haven't visited our house since I was 12, so they get dibs
Thanks for following, Katie. Look forward to sharing tweets.
Thanks for sharing! It's nice to know you're in our audience. Extra credit/a free Reman U t are yours with a mailing address :)
Any body have any good ideas for songs for the mixtape?? Let me now in a message or tweet :) Thanks guys hmu ! ~Nickster
Note to self: when starting a liver detox, prepare to feel hungover. #thingsIwishIwastold Getting healthy is hard. Being healthy is Great.
But students also need to be challenged and taught to think independently, not regurgitate information.
What a performance from Mike Smith last night. 54 save shutout!
": Fear, hatred, and suspicion narrow your mind – compassion opens it."
Tomorrow is performing with at McDavid Studio. is performing in the Hall w/
have not been there but a hot tub might convince me to like karaoke!
This is hurting me soo much...
I want someone to randomly kiss me as we talk.! like in The Last Song. but someone cute , <U+2665> I'd be so happy
Whitney better come back for a second season! I love that show :D if you haven't seen it, you should! It's fucking hilarious.
I don't talk to a lot of people dumb ass. I'm not outgoing but i have friends. STOP ASSUMING
Endorphins are the body's natural painkillers. They are released during exercise and, of course, massage!
cause yall have a great recent playoff hist. Against em
omg i will see the wanted & maroon 5 tomorrow, i need to look sexy wot
unfollowing you because of your annoying retweets. Can I get a retweet?!
Linda, this is such a good post!
Science needs to be over... NOW!
Decided to go through Cincinnati on the way home. Unfortunately, the Reds are in Washington on Friday. Boo.
I think I've thought of a way to teach a study abroad course in information literacy. Next: convince lots of people it's a brilliant idea!
Super Moon tomorrow night, hoping for a clear sky
I'm planning to go this afternoon after I finish something with a looming deadline. Yup, using the HP7 carrot!
Nerala lift irrigation scheme to start from November - Times of India
"Masters of the Universe”, Bankers.
I'm the next Sutton Foster mmmhmm #playme lol
A person's right to vote doesn't come into being when they have a government issued ID
let the Twitter revolution begin.
No matter how old i get, i still want to choke a kid when they play a game of copy me...repeating everything i say
Totally disrespectful to Marshall's two-strike curveball. RT : 3-run HR for Angel Pagan puts #SFGiants ahead of #Reds 6-5 in 9th.
A cocktail on the Vinoy verandah is always a MUST DO in #StPete Tempted now myself!
and in the playoffs
Big congrts!!!! have fun.
dreamy trance??? Nicki are you adding ecstasy and LSD to your perfume? Explain!
Pallbearers are Seau's sons and brothers.
So excited for tonight's #caps game with Bruins are going down!
I'm just piling on. You have no clue what you're talking about lol
Love the people god put in your life cause one day he'll need them back <3
searching for a Sanitation Supervisor with Dairy processing and CIP experience; degree; relo provided. Send reusme to
Trying my hand at coding with
you still coming skating right? You can't stand me up again ray lls
Being educated by the Winegrower & Winemaker from & rt now. Humbled that they're sharing knowledge & passion w/me
Just learned that my short story "Dear Diary" will appear in the fall issue of "Do Not Look at the Sun." That just made my day.
RT : Really excited about some of the ideas and I just put together for
Today Shannon Miller turns 35! She is the most decorated gymnast in U.S. history with 4 bronze, 6 silver, and 11 gold medals!
That is the best new chant!
Los Angeles Fitness Expo BodySpace Spokesmodel Winners Laura Bailey and Craig Capurso in June 2012 Iron Man Magazine
Did you know? Thirteen states were carved from the Louisiana Territory. The Louisiana Purchase nearly doubled the size of the United States.
with this princess of a disease till this year and I am still young too but I could not imagine. God gave us this journey 4 a
If you blow your nose while going to the bathroom, you'll pee faster
really enjoying my day off I'm catching up on Korra and I started Drag Race season 4!
this time, im NOT sorry. its not my fault you push people away.
guess we don't have to worry about that trade anymore... so let the '12 Rondo to Howard alley oop talks take over
We do need a lawyer in the fam! RT ": I'm obsessed! I want her job! #changingmymajor"
dont never ever second guess yourself bacause at the end of the day your first guess is right...!!!!!!!!!!!urs truly ashleigh
Lou Holtz Get the facts first. You can distort them later.
Back to work after a long holiday weekend!! Time to grind!!
I beez in the trap
an enthusiastic, good looking, greek nerd. Doesn't that sound much better? haha
16 years young
"Let there be light"
I hate kids that think they're cool.
Q&A SURPRISE GUEST GAY ABEL-BAY. The Jungle will be shown TOMORROW, not today. Jungle also on #orphans8 DVD
Just realized where I've seen Ron Paul before...as Ralph Fiennes's dad in "Quiz Show."
buzz abt #occupy protesters w/vid phones/internet to monitor police brutality instant/widespread pics
Power went out while I was baking chicken.
Pleased that my short-lived stint as a libertarian during high school served me well today.
I am thinking of having a coffee cart in my high school library, mornings before school. Any thoughts out there?
oh no I missed the secret life of an american teenager. I hope Amy and Ricky stay together and actually get married.
If your an artist trying to go big? tell me and ill post it on my youtube channel and tell and share about you:)thanks
what are you thinking of getting her? :-)
Ha! I should have known that you are watching #touch!
it's #11:11 my prince, please follow me?
haha! So it would seem. I guess I was unaware of his internet phenomenon status. I thought he mostly talked about bacon. :-)
Thanks for the FOLLOW!
Dude do you remember when we went to Nautica to see Everclear and Offspring! And when I crowd surfed & got drilled in the eye!
Things that are already great and tend to get better : Photoshop CS 6 - Can't wait for the full set of tools.
Had a great conversation with someone in French, using Google Translate. Man, that technology has come around in the last few years!
damn sneaky friends.
Maybe our political system is so intertwined with financial sector preventing effective oversight & prosecutions.
I learned alot today. The old me was so much better!
I pray for the day that cancer is just a zodiac sign<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> I'm only almost 15 & I have known many ppl with cancer in my life...
nice overalls!
everyone gets to see my parents but me
Rob said that -_-
Please check out my website ladies and gentleman #castings #Acting #TeamFollowBack www.Actressshaquitasmith.com muah!
ahh yes, turn the other cheek. the war cry of the fraidy cats.
Really liking my Cook pick up this week!!!
Still loving ur album, BTW, Andrea-it's so beautiful!
Is Super Cute (: and Should be my laywer buddy ! l0l
16 and pregnant(:
the bright yellow pants you are sporting today showed up quite well court on my app for iPad! :)
Good morning! Have a great day!
Or people who are annoying AND clingy...
Thanks for the info Shannon! Did you get a crazy message from my Twitter account?
Love you too babe ; *
-was thinking of you when I saw Piggy's side pony
drink a tab energy drink?
i'm sitting here laughing at myself for no reason...i'm not even that funny HELP ME SOMEONE
Space, then shift and # to delete.
Fun tagging along w/ to the party tonight. Looking forward to DrupalCon!
ive made 15 songs since then and releasing the best 7. ill most likely release 1 either the last week of march or 1st of april
Pre-registration is now closed but come out to Arvey Field on Thursday from 4:30-6:15 to sign up- race begins at 6:30!
Oof. So sorry. It's such a headache. 3x now, going on 4x.
saw it today too. My heart goes out to that incredible company. Definitely deserved some more "life"
#typicalGeminiTrait Love laughter!
A runner ornament? That's really sweet. Surely Hallmark has a plastic figurine for that. ;)
I follow these debates w/UL, redpill and MC (they're interesting) and UL sounded final a few mins ago
Soft rain, coffee, dog snoozing at my feet, kids in school or napping... That, my friends, is a perfect Monday!!!
*fans will cant.....sorry bout the typo
oh okay lol now it makes sense. Sorry!
Last meeting of the CA970 grad seminar to be held at the Terrace? Yes, please! Another reason to love
I found out on Sunday, that I'm a fucking boss at beer pong XD
Hey Niallers, I'm taking the AP Lit college board exam in a bit, it would mean so much if you'd wish me luck! I need it!
Need instructor to teach legal project management for online interactive course.
Great working with Make it sizzle!
Took my wife, Shar L Schermer, out for Thai food tonight. Great food plus sharing it all with the woman I love!
you're handy Southside cats!
But I still think Game of Thrones should have been animated and the theme music should have been that Black Mountain song.
RT Q9. Favorite museum you've visited while traveling?
is it bad there?
The Legendary Dobbs celebrates tonight! 1 yr anniversary (38yrs total) & bringing the best music back to South St. 5pm, 12 bands just $5!
it's been so awesome working with you! is so lucky to have you! Looking forward to our continued work together!
Getting ready to head to San Diego tomorrow for #alise2011!
yo did u take my purple shorts in the gym locker?
It has been fun the past few days watching cars trying to make it out of our neighborhood. This morning there is a line of cars TRYING.
Of course they do this on a weekend I NEED the metro. RT : Intersection @ Lee Hwy & Gallows Rd. will be closed this weekend.
So true. We've had our share of Macs to fix because of this denial..
More than halfway thru season 6 of #dexter & still hasn't taken his shirt off.
Balls is one of my favorite words. Ball is just ok. Lesson learned? Two is better than one.
I respect every girl that falls asleep with their phone in their hand waitin for that goodnight text or call and waking up to nothin.
Congrats on the move Kristy! And yes....milk an empty inbox for as long as it lasts. Perhaps until 3:00 tomorow ;) Merry Christmas
Peer pressure is so annoying. Let me do me.
How many of you believe in telekinesis? Raise MY hand!
While I do agree. They have a trophy for most goals. With or without Stamkos TB isn't a playoff team. Thus I cry Snub for G! haha
Fringe is pretty great, and it's not all that uncommon for shows to do.
Heading to with looking to bring the hurt on some crab legs and, of course, the #blackjack tables!
hahahha we will have fun!! While your working...haha
headed to Sacramento to photograph solar tomorrow. hope it's not raining.
I'm leaving gotta better myself move to new York with my cousin
Work Hard. Play Later. Success doesn't come overnight.
How high are u right now unk joey?! lol
forever and ever and ever!<33
Might make the Toronto Maple #Leafs my 2nd team in the NHL since their history fans and current ineptitude remind me so much of the
I been crazy tho, since I came out the placenta.
Luck is when you make it to the parking meter with ONE MINUTE LEFT.
im tired now..GN!
Thanks Kate! RT : Love it there. Had such a good time during my visit.
People's questions at #suspectmz #sxsw reinforced for me how good a thing is.
good for us then
and to that comment Mr. Risch... Are you surprised? Haha
TUESDAY´S glee episode was #EPIC, poor santana (naya rivera)
It's so pathetic smh
Matt LaPorta just doesn't look like a big leaguer to me. So over matched all the time
It has nothing to do with it...I have a 50 inch TV at home...What does THAT say??..
It's fun to be a homeless student, sleep at different places every night and not worrying about rent
the correct term is in sync.
I Love You <U+E32A><U+E418>
Worked on a video today, only took me about three hours I think. It's been a long time but it whent faster then usual. thank goodness
AWESOME! Let's break things together! here we come!
Not another hit by Pena.
ooh I would just delete her! lol.
Taco Bell, Steak N Shake, McDonald's, Burger King, B-Dubs, etc.....all DELIVER now! Call the Munchie Express! 765-209-4070
Hills, you look beautiful! Cant wait for the video! Love #WantedYouMore :))
doesn't feel like christmas without snow
Still @ wk guess I'm forced to watch All Star game on my phone
I'm not a role model nor do I claim to be it
Bout to hit this hay..
why are you always shirtless
Draft team needs: Indianapolis Colts
Did you ever know someone walking around like they ate the freshness packet?
Today is my birthday and the ONLY thing I want in the world is for or to follow me? Please Please!!!!
I can't play Xbox today. I'm boycotting
Hey Can Yuh Give Me A Shoutout.?(: I'll Give Yuh One Too(:
An example for the kids. “: I'm training myself to call it Myanmar by randomly interjecting Myanmar into every day conversation”
You want us to make that ass clap too ? lol
I believe!
Out and about with my boys celebrating Haze's bitrthday!
Shit I will personally clean the whole thing for a mere million :o)
Barcelona -v- Chelsea live right now. Stop by and enjoy the game on the patio or in the restaurant. Offering great drink and food specials!!
Going to watch Donnie Darco in bed with my lovey
I need to clean up my followers, my time line is never ending
gracias. Appreciate the input. Building best fake minor league in the upper mid-west with your help.
your video is almost ready (:
all i need is 3 more i have 97
Jet Professional « Rock Solid Ideas
I wasn't complaining about the age or grey! It's the effing AARP card I was sent today. It's like, C'MON!
We lift the cross, lift it high, lift it high! #missingTeamChipley :)
Broken finger doesn't seem to mind writing a novel tonight.
"Don't worry about what anybody else is going to do… The best way to predict the future is to invent it."
Tks, - nice to "meet" you . Hope you guys enjoyed #PortsBkfstClub Wish I was closer - sounds fun! :)
RT : #WHCD Michelle Obama is just dazzling as always :-)
I live in ghetto town NE Portland. Well basically Gresham. But yeah.
Just finished in the lab with and man did she kill it! Go on girl.
Do ya reasearch b4 you jump on the Kony 2012 band wagon
I can't wait to see your pretty face on my TV!
also will be able to keep you busy - she seems to have a lot going on too
if it's Family Business...
If I was #CEO of #Google, #Expedia, #Travelocity, #Orbitz, #Tripadvisor or #Groupon I would partner & tweet #Travel Deals :)
hahah . Oh well .
Hahaha that's the gayass romo I know!!! LET'S GO
Hi Karen, Please call me at 310.289.2124, Thanks.
Congrats!! Yall made us proud! Good luck in the championship.
Thankfully, those individuals don't speak for either me or Most of #GOP sides w/me against u.
Exactly I am as shocked as anyone. It's MLB backwards. We were just used to blown save after blown .......
nice ass ;)
Happy Anniversary... to us! Today, marks 's 2nd anniversary!
omg their burgers are so bomb! Yuum. Please follow <3
another LAME snow storm headed our way
Too kind!
cold outside hot inside... icecream paintjob!
I'm gunna start the movement NOW! D. Howard & D. Will. to the Blazers!!! #DHoward&DWill2RipCity!
we are our own worst enemies.
If u gotta worry. There's a reason
is sure excited about her free jeans from the GAP. Did anyone else take advantage of this location based social media advertising?
I think he suffers from spouse-related hearing loss. He can hear everyone but me ;) Seriously, our DS has SNHL. DH & I are fine.
So I am seeing the #Lyons on #broadway tonight with Linda Lavin and my Buddy Michael Esper.
Anybody else annoyed by the suddenly inescapable phrase "dribble drive"? Isn't it just "drive"? What other kind of "drive" can there be?
Lmfao will do.
Madison Fire Department tells me there were 3 to 4 persons on the small plane. Those persons are ambulatory.
I'm about to. that's how over math I am. history and Econ are a breeze. but who gives TWO math finals?!
thanks for the follow! Thanks for watching CBS19:)
Jane, I think the Lord has a purpose for the things we go through. We can help others lift their heads up too. Huge hugs.
east! i didnt see you though:(
I'm gonna see what I can do!
field day was the best day ever!
ILSCRule 214 calls for producing printed documents; the Rule is outdated.
what you have there, is a #flirtationship which in my opinion, are the best all around!
it was but I didn't think the uk isnt that much different
Here's a bit of advice for all, don't go to a concert when you borderline have strep throat. You will leave feeling like death.
that's exactly what I thought! :)
Where in LA is ? It's like Carmen SanDiego..
Spending her Easter with her favorite person.
I agree,but I called & guy asked for my Dem#, contact info, etc & could not give any specs just broad support 2 come. 3weeks2go
Rolling out to the corn fields :)
Can't decide if I'm moving to the Bronx or Brooklyn
I'm fully OK with that being on the back burner, but better to be given a heads up about it.
would love your thoughts when lunaymarproductions.com gets published. i'll keep you posted. thanks!
nawww... Coples then Kendricks the kid from Cal. But I'd be fine w your scenario.
back at ya! cheers! RT here's to no Mayan-predicted apocalypse finding you in '12!
Hi & , follow us back so U can see & retweet our tweets about #IntheArtoftheCity, May 3rd,
That moment when you get SUPER comfy..then you get a message.
Kaputt and Black Up for sure. If MP3s could wear out, those would be pretty faint by now.
do you have a tumblr?
I should have invested more in GOLD.... #20/20Hindsight
Ahh yeah, schooling little kids on rockband.
Happy Halloween! Which Velocity Coach has the scariest class? (Adult&D2 classes included) Reply w/ #VeloScary for chance to win free class!
Get in to Coa and try our Lechon Torta! Pulled pork topped w our tomatillo salsa, lettuce, chihuahua cheese, and pickled onion!
Great, glad I could help.
Oh okay! Lol thanks for not makin fun of me haha!
WI Dem Party's Mike Tate says, "We have to end the civil war in WI and the only way to do that is remove Walker from office."
Smoking & Watching my favorite movie, 8 mile <U+2665>
lol just like me
Yep, don't push it. RT Pull Huddy!
Tonight's the perfect time to stop by and pick up the latest Happenings magazine. Grab a new dvd while you're at it!
Does she usually hate parties or something?
I put in a request to my friends at WTHR! You never know.
Biggest cheer of the night: when Brian Scalabrine shown on jumbotron.
The number of commercials and placement of them on nationally syndicated talk radio shows makes the shows very difficult to listen to.
Great shot! RT Best photo ever. Period. instagr.am/p/jC43G/
Readers from the LA Review of Books are taking part in our marathon reading of "On the Road", through 9PM !
"Your consciousness fills up all of space and time."//Wow, no wonder I can't find a parking spot.
saw the movie & all I can say is this, "Go to the box office, and bring me my movie. The one that has Bad MF written on it"
only 2 out of like 30 houses, half werent home or already had one or freaky said they werent interested
The Masters final round. Lefty was awesome yesterday. Gotta pull for the San Diego Kid.
What do you see? " The greater part of our happiness or misery depends on our dispositions, and not our circumstances.~ Martha Washington"”
so far so goo :) he's so amazing
Thanks for retweeting my post!
Almost 300 from California? That's great. Do you know how many are coming from East of the #Mississippi?
VOLUNTEERS: clean up day, Monday 7/18 at 7pm contact us for more info
Why did Warren Buffett get so far off track after having a fantastic reputation as an investor? He had earned that reputation by doing well.
I'm getting a Trimet pass! I have never had one, I am stoked.
Kanpachi is in season....... #Sushi Culture
We rely on twitter 4 marketing our services and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
What would you like to know about real estate investing?
check out www.naturalguidecoupons.com forgreen & health focused coupons :)
Tournament, game or any other sporting event that you would like to have here in Clark County? Contact me,
Strawberries & Fruit Dip <3
Thanks for the follow.
We had two short concerts, with intro & narration by W. A. Mozart himself in period dress. Was lots of fun for all. :-)
“: Seems like we always cry the hardest over those who don't deserve our tears..”
Subscribe to william nixon he's fucking awesome!! (;
I swear there r some kind non-ignorant people from TN. RT Matthew Shepard's father speaks out against TN's "Don't Say Gay" bill
it's official, we are too old for spring break
This weather is
i really do love when i find new music out, when nobody knows or listens to it and then everyone finds out about it.
W.T.F
that makes me hot
I miss you to :) How have you been?!
You are going to get so much spam from GotoMeeting and FreeConferenceCall. com for that tweet...
dude thank you. Every week. You're awesome.
right? , you should meet Chanelle.
Couldn't be summer for just a few days, and already I had to read an article warning of ticks and Lyme disease.
Used to work there. Surprised I didn't get a text about it, though. Not too unusual for the area, really.
I literally can't breathe right now...
Thanks, Jeff! Good seeing you! RT : Just had the best dinner ! Best I've had in #Dallas in quiet a while!
Praise God! Lost my wallet downtown yesterday and some kind soul turned it in!
Summer is here and I'm done pledging in other words I better you !
RT : Happy St Patrick's Day everyone!!!
Keith Urban: "She never even knew she had a choice & that's what happens When the only voice she hears is telling her she can't, Stupid boy"
Check out my friend jc's film "the pill" on iTunes and on demand. Not a tough film to swallow. Not that I'm an expert at swallowing things
“Be on your guard; stand firm in the faith; be courageous; be strong.” - 1 Corinthians 16:13
wedding!!! with and
For every problem you ever come across, sit down and brainstorm 10 different solutions
o so this nigga jus gon walk in my house uninvited and smoke some weed nigga u fucked up yeen put shit in this the fuck
yea i do for my prom haha
writing a new story
Yo-yos were used as weapons by warriors in the Philippines in the 16th century.
no, no, thank you!
i want to thank god for all the pretty woman he brought in my life :)
Biggest addiction: coffee. Slowly weening myself off of the sugar and creamer. Down to 1 packet of sugar per cup. Almost there but so hard!
Got on the right bus this morning! Nice.
haha me too, it calms yo butt down, and hmm i sat there for an hour and a hallf laughin like crazy screw homework
I will have #McDonalds again when they like how to market to me without insulting me.
No :( I always seem to miss it!!
Whenever an #eyecare practice says they need to revamp their patient schedules to improve patient flow. Think about contributing issues.
Played to a sold out crowd at The Chatham Fiddle Company this weekend. Thank you Rose Clancy for your endless hospitality!
because I'm blonde and even worse I'm white.
you certainly are not hahaha
#BigTimeLA here we are LA
We are SO EXCITED for tonight! Thank you again for hosting us!
A week and numerous vcalls later and still no receipt from Wondering how many times I'll have to call ...
Not washed, dry cleaned! I thought had girls to do his ironing for him?
Um, sure! [[faints dead away]] RT "Let's make CINCO DE SANDRA an annual affair!"
#IUknowshowtoparty RT Mark Cuban spent $110,000 in 4-hour, Miami club championship party, plus $20,000 tip, reports NY Post.
If Lebron really deserved MVP he needs to show me right now, this is his one chance to make me a believer
Trip to Florida.....take 2.
Thanks for a great season everyone! See you in June!
ahaha I feel special! :p
When anyone but #oomf tries to talk to me... Go away.
Im home the phone NEVER rings, But as soon as I try to take a nap, BAMM !!! Suddenly, I'm the most popular mother fucker on the planet -___-
You just made a bunch of girls fall down u know. LOL
Gonna be "Tebowing" when I turn my finals in for sure, maybe that will help.
Political sour grapes. Grow up.
Really enjoyed Dave Logan's webinar
So #CNNTrayvon is talking about the difficult conversations MOMS are having w/ sons. What about fathers?
On our way to OC Fair. #modernfamily #ittakesavillage wow fried everything and a petting zoo
no just a cop came & talked to us about laws
Nerdy asian Starcraft battle. I can't join for lack of super smart ethnicity
I wish i was a duck.
Swear I was in jail ! Ha , no sweetie not my time [YET] !
Big fat nigga...all that huffin' && puffin' .
hahahahahahahahaaha I see youre still upset
Tuning into the flow of energies and feeling for my next move.
Its important to always remain positive no matter what! Pray, have faith, and believe that things will eventually get better and they will..
The older the Facebook post, the creepier your “like” becomes.
his name is nick. hes my daughters uncle.
Baby you light up my world like nobody else, The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed
Um wow. What a weekend.
10 days till my birthday and 12 days till i get to party with all my close friends hope this cold goes away
D1 Coaches, we have several kids still looking for spots. 1 is a Wing that's very athletic and can score. Another is a pg that can score
going pretty well! Just getting through the little bit of school I have left, got a job, and I've just been hanging out! You?
#TheSaddestPart....is really when the song is over yet u thought it would go on and on....
Struggling to find a Genius playlist I'm content with... come on apple... tighten it up
It's ok we will get them Tuesday!
Check out my new song "Plans". I think you'll dig it. :-) www.reverbnation.com/rachelmargaret
So my grandpa taking me to Jamica this year ! FUCK YEAH… get to see my other family. my girl cousins & I about to wild out ;)
I have so many mixed emotions about the Trayvon Martin case.
passed out in my seat at the bar. no beer, no jameson, just benadryl and just a face full of formica table.
Class act. RT Thank you fans, friends and family for your prayers, well wishes and support. I will be ok. I will be back.
there is still no cure for mornings
call me back
RT Women in #STEM panel @ #tcbwomen w Anita Borg Inst., & Weather Channel... thx Keri it was great to sit on this panel
yes heading to Lanai then pandora come along!
RT If u happen 2be driving by the Empire State Bld, look up-it’s pink tonight in honor of the Breast Cancer Awareness Campaign!
Happy holidays from all of us at Echo!
Congrats to the Boston Knights who won the 2011 Royal Rooters Baseball League title!
Leuchter: says we needs to create a culture of philanthropy.
We are recording right now!
-- im to impatient -___- ihate waiting
cleveland get it done 2nite on the road? i think they do.
My baby givin me head on her knees, word to Tebow.
Hey the cds are 13 . Is that fine ?
RT : Congratulations to all the Huskies who are graduating today and tomorrow! Welcome to the alumni family!
One room done in 2 hours. Time for room 2. Feel like I shoulda started there but oh well. Maybe I should snooze. Good plan
Happy #FF to new #health friends and #followers Welcome!
I'm so HUNGRY! <U+E043>
goodmorning babe have a great day i love you :) <3
That's like a weekend-worthy breakfast. On a Monday.
thanks, guys! have a fantastic weekend :D
i dont know about you but the idea of a carrot and a stick conspiring is pretty darn scary to me
Friday shout-outs and happy thoughts for
You all have taken over Twitter.
hmm. Wear a sexy outfit.. For me d'oh.
Oh shite! Run for it! RT : A wasp with big dangly legs just tried to eat me
did you see kinect is offering a star wars dance game?
Come on caps. U gotta score. Get on the net.
i have no idea let me check.
Good Morning! What are you looking forward to this weekend!
Enough ESPN. Can we get back to covering sports please!
I'll go on a date with you! I'll be your wingman! Well, wingwoman... I'm totes game for girl's night out! Hit me up anytime :)
awesome! Let me know and I'll hook you up with tickets
A coup in Turkey?
I for one welcome our new satellite overlords....
tx for coming! so fun! RT : Grateful for an amazing 2011 and had a blast ringing in 2012 thanks to
Working on our European Study Program in Germany and Poland. Everything has been arranged for Germany, am working on Poland.
BO! Check your Twitter more often!
Show em love & follow them:
Today's news on CNN about Walmart winning. Broke my heart.
gear mailed out today!
Got the paper this a.m.; asshole had thrown trash in my yard; picked it up & a bicyclist said good morning, reaffirming my faith in humanity
I couldn't agree more. Thanks for your thoughts!
Actually, I would love to know who watched every single bowl game. That would be an accomplishment as well as a candidate for Eharmony.
Chill out Griffin, you're not Maravich.
Excited to hear it's running well!
True wisdom is to ... change with good grace in changing circumstances. - Robert Louis Stevenson.
Would like to meet with you or Scott if you have time this week & explain why I stopped doing business w/BTD after 20+ yrs. Mark
Can't get enough of #Drumline, as a snare and base drummer in HS this movie is awesome! These kids are on a whole new level w/their skills!
have a great show!
“: Dame, why ya nut tasted like guava melons that time ? Cuz a nigga eat guavas” LMFAO!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I hardly ever get on Facebook anymore.
Me too. I typically try to gauge their interest in learning compared to their desire to just have the answer.
LacedFacts family today is #UCLABRUINS day.follow if your a ucla player, ex player or fan & retweet it.lets see how many we get
Thanks and back atcha!
Stay dry and stay safe NYC / East Coast friends and family!
How is everyone doin this mornin??
so are things ok
^es music camp for teens, private lessons for all ages, music workshops, artist development, piano lessons....need i say more...
I would like to learn Spanish since half of my family is spanish-speaking.
Anyone know if my physical license is expired, but I have a receipt showing I renewed them online. Will they let me into the bars?
I woner if today wil be the day that will tweet me a flirt?(; i will tweet flirt back(: Today could be my #someday (:
have to say 2nd period not impressed Hawks need to put it all on the line in 3rd or they'll b swinging golf clubs soon
I love this song. <3
This "getting over him" thing takes time omg
RT THIS!! : We're giving away 2 tix to on 9/10 and donating charity for every RT.
thanks for the RT!
haha:) so how you been?
2/2 ...I'd say it's not exactly the healthiest telecast in the world. Was handily beaten by NBA on OPENING NIGHT!
I oppose gay marriage because it would make my latent homosexual urges adulterous as well. That's going too far.
Final dress for Richard I tonight! This show is looking/sounding(if i do say so myself) great.
The Christmas Function youth outreach is about to go DOWN.. 10-2 today.. Part if Toys for Joy.. Lincoln HS.. Come on down!!
Twugs back ya have nice tuesday night twugs
I'm gonna try not to talk the whole day well this is gonna be super hard... (tweeting on twitter is not talking its typing words) :P
I believe so friend
I call that Tuesday!
I keep hearing loud booming noises outside I'm kinda getting scared
any recommendations? Love your feed and your site. Thanks again.
1 week. 5 venues. is rockin' #Chicago! Who is going this week & which show?! #TheVic #Riviera Civic?
God I love oldies.
sup man!!
great idea!
Collier' magazine makes a comeback A “Special Relaunch Issue” starts a subscription drive for the reborn bimonthly by publisher John T. E
FYI Percival Everett's novel Erasure: black writer overcomes intellectual tendency to write white & pens a ghetto fic parody
annoyance of the day: intelligent male comedians who still resort to sexist jokes about women.
Yeah! Swingy and surreal. :)
The Federation will be filming the commercial for Revenj Jeans this Saturday. Our first washes will debut on September 28th!
VERY NICE CLIPPERS!
agreed. Blackmarket baby
Im just tryna stay humble, kinda hard wen u shine like da sun doe <U+2600> ;p
me and the nephew all week chillin like polar bearz in December on santas front porch! thats my heart..
hope you can make it out to the Miss Greater Rochester Pageant, this year two women will get scholorships in #missamerica system
nopee lol its cool , you're lucky you're black lmao
Why hello there, partner
Leadership - A general is just as good or just as bad as the troops under his command make him.
Thanks for the RT, !
Ten minutes outdoors=30 minutes of pants in the dryer.
Thank you. Need to catch up soon.
Wood if this is it, end it on a perfect note
20 minute run + arm workout today..diet still tight..
Come to the Library on Saturday at 12 for a work day! It'll be fun and you get to discover new/old books (which is entertaining...)
Wish I could have got breakfast this morning.
Didn't realize you were a apologist til now, and a softball artist. Ugly point of view and soft journalism
awesome photo!
nice, how have u been?
no. no one is observing the easter holiday in the lakes region
RT : unpursued dreams never really die. Just re-focus your energy and make it happen!!
I think I need a twitter intervention.
Ain't nothing like expressing yourself in public! Let us create a shirt for you!
#Walker Trashed county, with racism, left it deeper in debt, paying more interest, to boot! | #MKE #Valley in great hands: Barrett
No, we are not holding class outside, you lazy hippies.
Gas prices up 83% during Obama's tenure. And no pipeline...with no viable major alternative fuel...during the worst economy of my lifetime.
great. bringing all of our drivers as well. they deserve some beer too.
i'd die
I would read How to Brew by John Palmer, there is even a simple free online version. That is the bible for beginners.
Thanks for sharing this article! Hoping to apply the three ways soon!
#ICanAdmit that I'm struggling. I know things will get better again, but until they do I'm staying positive & hopeful that a job will come.
recruiting is a lot like the prom. Lol
ooc; Umm. I have to go now. Savannah's kicking me out... but I'll be on every 20 minuets or less from MY phone...
OH: "I'm geeking out right now. We're UX-ing a UX document."
OFF TO PARTAY AT THE PALLADIUM!!! SHIT GETS CRAZY OVER THERE
Pls remember, we now operate Fall/Winter/Spring hours. No more Sat's ;( Our paninis taste great the next day warmed in oven. 70s tomorrow
sharon stone would have been awesome minus coke plus weed.
not gonna lie she on my mind...fuck it ima give it a shot <3
We are locked! Amazing process when you open it up to more input from a few in your circle. Informed opinions are worth considering.
Watching #MaryTylerMoore reruns -- such a great show -- but I should be
They don't ever jam ya shit or fck with ya until you get on !
#lodlam project proposals: Best practices on practical tools for publishing linked data
My mentions are dead! T_T
thanks! Anything specific you love? What could we do better? Send to feedback ^MB
im kinda in my feelings about this foolery right now! -____-
You are my favorite Nascar announcer. You do not lie. Most of the Phoenix Cup race was boring - to hard to pass? The end was OK
Could my husband do a guest post on my blog?
... im good. hows things wit u?
Bitch stop chewing ur nouns!!
I would kill a man for sweet potato fries, quesadilla and Firebrick Brown Ale - half price, of course
Drug dealers message me haha a joke $20 please
heading to the living room in the w hotel for a drink. rdv is the sexy club in nyc. want to hear dj moma do his thing at retreat tonight!
:re: pestisides, is a sect. in agricultural mid-America w/much higher percentage cancers being researched at this time.
Nashville Whiskey Jam (Winners in Midtown) 840. Free show +21
Applications and studio visits and Indian food and craziness!
Who would want to be? Birthdays are better celebrated...even for months at a time!
Drinking: Ales and Lagers. Ha! RT : Lifting: Tri's & Abs
I just got home from school at 10 Fuckk what a long dayy-_-
#SuperBowl 2017 in #Indy? Bring it on! Maybe we can work on some light-rail projects in between.
Just a random job. YS library jobs, I think, try to weed out the "yeah! kids are great! anyone can do it!" types?
Thanks for the feature Scott! So glad that you like my site!
Just went back thru LOEX slides. Will be going back repeatedly. So much in there!
Not much happening with the film right now. Should pick up at the end of the summer. The film did sell to a TV network in Israel though!
Sure, drop the biggest pizza in B-Town on the sidewalk & let everyone eat it from there. The secret ingredient is tomaine.
Just read Keith Gessen's "How a Book is Born" about the pub biz and The Art of Baseball. Fascinating.
I like the movie much better when there are people in it. Maybe I'm demanding.
//No, thank you for such a wonderful, heartwarming story and I am not even finished yet!
#DASER Borgia "function is not the enemy of design or beauty...we shouldn't make that argument."
My jeans shrunk. I've a got real Audrey Hepburn/Funny Face thing going on over here.
haha stop by anytime! We'll be happy to have u!
Even though Viciedo hit that....I still don't like Adam Dunn.....
Welcome to Twitter from all of us in Boston!
and all this time I thought you liked Taylor Swift because of her face haha jk
i miss these days
I went the whole day til deniza came around than I broke than I started all over
SPECIAL TIME!!!!
!! RT : Excited to chill w my el kizzle tnight !
All my respect to the homies at sxsw! If you didn't pour out of Seattle, let's get proper pissed tonight
Tweeting at 5 in the morning. Hollaaaaaaaaa! {:{D>
what was that? Did you say something?
Doug davenport new video director
Argh! Trying to track down more info about Rev. S.W. Chase, Baltimore pastor who presented a bible to Abraham Lincoln in 1864. No luck.
My dad just asked me why I was such a retard. Okay dad.
Bitch please I can remove half your face with a baby wipe(;
#whatnottowear shorts that squeeze your thighs , it just makes you look fat.
im not following u
submit your brand for consideration to
We can't wait for Valentine's Day w/ !
so you think you can dance ?
If only it had been Scribble Jam rap battles. We may have bumped into one another.
I love your imagines !<3
. at #eli2012 quoting Christopher Dede: "We treat learning like sleeping" (assuming we all do it the same way)
Someone from back home is visiting this week. I can barely control myself.
I just 'liked' your IMDB page as you requested. Good luck with your career.
I'm thinking maybe Calhoun and all it's craziness
The kid on the oscars preshow is annoying.
I will not use your stupid photo sharing app.
Only 2 days we got 245+ peeps confirmed for !!! is gonna sell out the !!
In a full program on reference, love the idea of niche reference. Having a desk with staff dedicated to job seekers would be great.
who u telling? Dm me
Why do some folks only see Truth through a subjective perspective. It's like throwing away the banana and eating its skin.
hello Sarah! :)
thanks babe
thanks Sarah! :)
We're still having sex after the game right ? ;)
Thanks so much for the RT and the info. We will check it out!
"Got a lot of crooks, try to steal your heart, never really had love, couldn't never figure out how to love" -Lil Wayne, How to love.
Her name is Charlotte :) She sleeps to much haha
i think, and then i think about what i'm thinking...just gets into this crazy russian doll situation
Going into lab :)
I love that I now know this. MT Merle Haggard listens to Bob Wills every morning. Every morning. It's his ritual.
TONIGHT - THE TECHNO BOWL with Special Guest DJ's Zim, Lou Jon-Son, J Bowra, Altered Mentality, Turtlefeet & Lotus Resident DJ XES!!!
If those were happy accidents, I'm with Laura -- more please.
Think you can handle tonight ? Prepare yourself & don't say we didn't warn you!
It's a great day for Chick-fil-A!
is happy to now have the complete collection of Promethea. It only took me 7 years or so from the time I first read them.
Lady Gaga has nothing on 11 innovative, young fabric designers in the exhibition "Out of Fashion" opening tonight @ SECCA, 7pm. FREE
UGH mine too! My arms and my neck. Looks so ridiculous.
Today Is Gonna Be A Wonderful Day!
That's just how I roll!
I miss wearing my navy blue jumper.
its twitter, i dont care enough. neither does my phone...
there is some benefit to the MIC. But a lot of that money is spent in ways Americans never benefit.
Also, it's the 1st day of Spring which means FREE Rita's Water Ice! What's your favorite flavor?
John: Can you tell me the good way to remember wife's birthday? Smith: It's very easy, Just forget it once!
Facebook: Scrolling down your newsfeed thinking "Don't care.'' "Whore." "Your life sucks." "Song lyrics." "Inside joke?" "Needs a therapist"
man, I keep trying to like it but google apps is two cents short of aweful. why am I digging into spf records all the sudden? head:bang
yup i agree. Usually it starts with the riff and than I started humming the vocal lines
Thx for the #FF for all appreciated. Let's keep it rolling. Thanks!
Gonna hit the bed early.....the early bird gets the worm. :)
How I Got Over-The Roots. Bella obra musical. Rap al maximo. 100% recomendada.
I'm getting views from around the globe, thanks guys so much
Maybe for you!
If yo baldheaded DO NOT! I repeat DO NOT ATTEMPT TO TIE THAT SHITUP!
Who is up for a late night last minute Flashmob at the galleria?
is alarmed by the moth the size of a bird flying around her room.
Hubert already F**k up this country!
I went from my all girls book club to the #MoVember gala. Jarring. But yay for !!
u guys r crazy
Wow. So we're all talking about the Fiction Pulitzer, right?
FOLLOW NOW! <3
I had 666 followings so I unfollowed somebody and now I'm okay. Maybe I should have followed an extra person but I like to live on the edge.
I would give anything to have you insult me while we were getting it on.
And these screen shots of Dennis Miller, I mean John Tortorella, are getting VERY old.
please call us at 305-237-8888 so we can figure out what the issue is.
totally understand moving home, keep your spirits up and maybe a bunch of us old cheer people can do a lunch/dinner soon! Fun!
Groupon offering deals for football food platters for "Big Games" - Wonder which big game they are talking about...
last time I was here I was kicked out. Right, ?
It really SUCKS in Maine pats are still in and we have to listen to it!
It's fascinating! It really makes me think about what the patterns of dirt on my own books will tell someone some day abt me!
I need to learn how to be more independent and get used to coming home to a sad lonely house.
Fact of the day: Giraffes rarely lay down, they even sleep and give birth standing up!
It was hard to watch for a bit there, but now they've got my attention again. #Spurs bringing the hustle.
did you try lululemon? I have one with a laptop sleeve and it fits just about everything else, too!
Paid with a Square Tab at a coffee shop in Lexington. Got a strange look from the barista. "Where are you from?"
Whats the song at the plate gunna b?
Sounds fun! All our auditions have been in LA. Yawn.
Christmas is officially over, so sad but.... Now it's time for NEW YEARS! <U+E335> #2012herewecome (:
It's a pre-holiday Friday afternoon but we're still working full steam! The long weekend is almost here, what are your Labor Day plans?
Bjørnshauge (SPARC Europe): It's complicated: 50 countries, >25 languages, different IPR and copyright legislation.
Fever, in bed, feeling my stomach turn strange somersaults as sleepydrugs gradually kick in.
outra town Charlie Brown :)
Looks like the Nook/Kindle battle continues...LoL Anyone sorry they gave up the paper of a real book? I'm worried about that too.
#ThankYou for following me, #GodBlessYou and i #Pray that #God fulfills your heart's desire, which are very pure
i'm as fresh as crest breath.
You have never seen a face like the one my three-legged cat makes when I scratch behind the ear corresponding to her missing back leg.
Don't beez in the trap SU!!! RT: Syracuse students.. Do not take cultural history of rap..sounds great but it's really a trap
You imparted much wisdom ;) “: so great to see y'all today!”
- did you get it?
you just went up in cool points for that
thanks !! it just now is starting to hit Virginia beach it's so scary !!!
this World full of Secrets , ugh .
Come to Flushing. Yummies as far as the eye can see... I don't wander around BECAUSE the food is so good. :D
We all need to be thankful for what we have, and what we are. Some people don't get the chance to be what they want to be.
thanks! Is your site ready to launch?
If Arsenal, Barca, & Timbers win, this could be a perfect day...
Now im have just a wonderful day! Not.... :(
getting my daily dose of
me either<33
You can't stop a bullet.
so good to hear! Glad to hear you're enjoying the brews.
yea! W love and theft and JD Shelbourne, I have tickets! U need one or 2??
you belted it!
then they see that last tweet and realize it was about them. lol idgaf
#iWannaGiveAShoutoutTo for always being the peanut butter to my jelly <3
thx for following me ill follow you back
Well that's dumb, I know I'm a firm believer in having my own. RT : No one believes in having their own shit
HEY JAZZ!!!! HEY STAR HEY LACROSSE!!
My beat bang -E40.
What is a heart worth if it's just left all alone? Leave it long enough and watch it turn into stone. Why must we always be untrue?
Riverwest Fest is now!!!
worried about your followers when you need to get ya dollas up !
Just added to Alex's to-do list: "See Undercover Brother."
Wow I really need to work on my Instagram. I've had it for forever but I never use it.
Check us out tonight! We've got the funkmaster T biddy on bass tonight! Downbeat at 9
Wait, does he live here?! Is he why I moved to Austin? We are already married in my head.
Thank you for the artwork RT!
Life ain't that bad, Look what you have...'Cause somewhere out there Somebody wishes they were you -Adelita's Way, 2011
More Star Wars analogies - Fox on Tebow after NE loss: "That boy is our last hope." Elway: "No, there is another..."
what happened?
Have you asked your self the question?
Good game South Carolina-- not our day--- and I still can't stand Steve Spurrier!!
aw that sucks
I swear girls are genetically programmed to love a man that can play guitar and sing...
an apology to my officemates for my eating of this homeade kimchi in the open. Stinks so good.
Obviously Tozer and Lewis are my favorites.
Only if it wasn't so far :(
What happens at tomorrow's concert is my last hurrah, my leap of faith, my #yolo moment.
I need one more follow until I'm at 600.. ? :)
You're welcome! Looking forward to the next conference!
Lord bless the little car cuz I hydroplaned all the way to work and made it to work in one piece
Its about the learning experience. If you can be structured and make time to study by yourself, that works too.
Tonight Denver Sports Nation w/ & on 93.7 5-8pm w/guests , &
what about it..???
Our latest project hosted by Snoop Dogg's Famous Uncle Junebugg is coming together very well..
What up New York.
i gets a gas mask :)
1000 / 1000 for Prototype 2, just in time to bring on Max Payne 3.
Now that he was the last voice I heard tonight I'm off to sleep. Hopefully he pays his bill tomorrow I miss him dearly! <U+2661>
As a fellow spectacle wearer, you must be crazy if you think I'm letting go of my man Gregg.
#KIPP schools can use LiveSchool to manage their paycheck system entirely through an iPad!
Discussing with at Any other users want to weigh in?
So very happy for you!!
It's like a forest fire, right? Everything's new again.
While I was in Alabama I couldnt help but think about .
Not at all. It is only wrong if you say, "don't you know who I am?" when fake limping.
Justin Bieber is in the ring? Seriously? Dear lord.
Check out these photos! goo.gl/7YaRX
at least I know it's not just me now. :3
Good luck with your talk at today !
Can hardly keep my eyes open
Bay always hits us
Sex and The City! (:
Got an email from fancorps titled: 'ALLSTAR WEEKEND MUST WIN'...oh gosh Haha.
Hi there twitter fans! Thank u all for the follow! Really appreciate it!
: keep your pants on!! Thanks for all your help on Saturday!! XOXo
hahayourealizethatyouhavetobuythebodytypeworkouts also in the app which is a rip off compared to just buying the DVDs alone
sitting on Skype and doing hw all day in aussie land
Music video coming soon
Heh, you just gave me an idea and now I'm following her Twitter. :-) I'm willing to bet it will be interesting.
I'll read it tomorrow. Gonna see it tonight. Don't wanna spoil it
eXACTLY omg he's so perfect dhfkdhbdhxisv
Just making sure you get another TX voice. g8 to oppose #SOPA. Do you also oppose PIPA S. 968? I hope yes.
thanks for riding enjoy Baltimore Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality in Baltimore
Girls fall in love with what they hear. Boys fall in love with what they see. That's why girls wear makeup and boys lie.
Eating a coffee cream. Someone has to taste test these things for you guys.
hosc-templates-layouts/
2:13am ... Ready to roll again after a short nap. Heading to Racine to catch up with the rest of the team in Racine.
great having you as our guest Wednesday! Hope to see you back this week.
@ leighrutledge1 testing this out
will you mary me ?
S/O to my new sexy follower she cool so go follow her :u ain't doin nun eles
isn't my Twitter handle a BIG clue? Hehehe. Plans are to be there actually!
Hey, : your website counter is off by a week, right? If not, I need to increase my mileage!
You are on top of it! You are an inspiration for me -- I need to start my shopping! :-)
starting to do more of the living lean diet wanting to loose 60 pounds ASAP I think with your guidance I can get there.
Haha, not good at all. Going to try and make it. We'll see. You?
#schoolmemories Acting like a complete idiot at lunch, cracking up with my friends. :') We still do that.. haha
Y'all go LIV I'll be in the studio on Sundays!!
job at Walmart I need a second one
#Jazz in #Denver for LUNCH today: Ralph Sharon Trio 11:30-1:30 pm with Ron Moewes and Dean Ross.
1 win away from the SWEEP!!!
Watchn Death at a funeral HCOSoCalifornia
Tonight's gonna be a good night! :)
I'm pro ordering it. Need one more yes vote from either or and done deal
Strange and creepy day for me e.e
u should get on fb lol
Thanks, Mikey!
Turning blah into beautiful today. #determined #amwriting done!
thank you javascript closures for fixing my problems. you are nice.
If you are on any topical/oral meds or antibiotics for acne/skin aging (ex. Retinol) be sure to let ur waxer know!!! Contraindications!!!
Ha! True that!
really? Never gt it on this phone
Absolutely Adore Frank Sinatra <3
#BecauseOfNicki Everyone pretends to be unoriginal wanna be barbies
GANG GREEN BABY!!!!
Why do these #TerraNova dinos swing their tails that barely cut nut-fruit instead of biting people's faces off w/ their much sharper teeth?
Not Friday, and preferably Saturday, or Sunday night. I work Sunday night.
That video rant was sweet! You Da man
“: so happy that they didnt even card for a pack this morning”atta boy dunchao!!!
bloody hay fever :(
yup. helped w a tweet a thon fundraiser for share our strength when I worked there. Big fan.
I want to!
i did is it still sending shit ?
: I'll solicit the group tonight via listserv & either throw up a wiki page or email them you. ok?
Beautiful ladies that are in shape and fun to be around are like sunshine...they just brighten up my day.
oh :c
oh for feck's sake daveed, let's not do this.
My legs feel like complete jello. Lots and lots of walking so far this week, and I'm loving it!!
Where are the leaders of the design industry hiding, anyways?
Oh hi trav remember your little guy friends from UW....love you friend!!
When you are new to the profession or new to management, you can be critical unnecessarily.
But about fifteen years ago! That daughter is now in college....
i love u on youtube
There's nothing better than screen printing on a nice warm day. www.inkscreens.com
<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BA>sweet pea
Classic and awesome album! Always...
YouTube is rolling out its live streaming product slowly, had recent success with key partners
As for me, I will glory in the cross!
That is so sweet!!
Just read an awe inspiring story about #mikewilliams former #usc #football great. Wishing him much success wit #seattle and story book end.
Been packing up for like 15 minutes and im already tired -__-
And for some reason he will be touring with Drake and J.Cole this summer... RT : "Waka killed this song"
Thank you for the mention. Have a great weekend!
Sigh I can smell cinnamon and cookie dough coming from the kitchen
God does not bless you with what he has intended for someone else
Damn i had a good ass workout
Haven't slept in my own bed in like 8 days. We've got some catching up to do.
Ouch. RT : Bucs sign Tiquan Underwood which means Underwood won't have to worry again about being cut before Super Bowl.
Another hard week of bottling by hand. Labels are being sent on Wednesday. We're supremely excited for the launch to arrive!
How about Hope's dopes?
And down goes last year's champ! C-A-P-S! #CAPS #CAPS #CAPS #CapsPlayoffs congrats boys, onto the next one!
Congrats RT : The Cougars claimed the 4th seed and will play Aldine Macarthur next week.
Congrats to for their Gold Bell Award!
precious Harvard. [-]
I didn't know and never said they were. Are none corporations? How do you know?
Three years ago today, we sold the very first full TweetReach report! Thank you to all our customers, friends and supporters!
Interactive Fiction meme seems to be crossing my path alot this week
Why are some moron UK fans tweeting bad stuff 2a kid just bcuz he chose another school?! Get a life! Or join the UofL fan base please.
NBP gives UW-Madison autonomy and flexibility needed to compete as leaders in the state, nation and world! On Wisconsin!!!
Anisimov to Krieder to the back of the net!
Goal is definitely coming for #SKC. Come on, boys!
Hope you're all enjoying spring break! Hillel feels empty, but we'll see you at 6pm next Friday for Chinese Take Out Shabbat!
Happy Thursday!
Those who start with too little money are more likely to succeed than those who start with too much. ~ Brian Tracy
Francis Gurry, #WIPO #GlobalINET Intellectual Property about balancing needs of all. Net radically increases # of creators
Do you know how to grow a "true" fan base? And I'm not talking bout your Momma.
“: Cure your cinco de mayo hang over with bottomless brunch! $26.95 AYCD with an entree!”
Will that open the door for Rennie Curran at LB?
#Imagine You:OMFG YOUR AUSTIN MAHONE!!! Austin:... You:... Austin: how did you get in my house?! you:... Austin: and why are you in my bed?!
Fame is so annoying because people are so critical of you. You can't just say, 'hi'.
": "Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year." - Ralph Waldo Emerson"
What the hell is going on
well we really don't know what exactly happened, we just know that we're dating now :p
Lancaster... Reminds me of Sacramento hot summers. Shout out to my NorCal folks.
and that I believe there will be..
Pedro Martinez will start against Chicago Cubs
What's the latest you can reg for main event?
Oh, hell yeah it is!
If you have a bad website then you have a bad identity. Don’t let that happen to you!
RT ": We want to see your #BEATLA posters! Send us one & we may send you to Game 6 tomorrow night!”
I designed some web ads for Cosmopolitan, Marie Claire + Good Housekeeping this week. They got approved. =)
Hurts cause its true
aka "Dirty Sully"
i want the day to come already lol
my box was just sad! every month i indicated i didn't like parfum samples & STILL got one this month!
is on his way to the Emory
RT Tip for successful weightloss: remember this: Progress not Perfection :)
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win. Sun-tzu
#westhillsdwtn got the privilege of helping Garden City church do baptisms today. Praise God.
with the occasional overlap, which I take advantage of to give Daly shit for getting the sugar-bomb pumpkin spice latte.
I ate at Bojangles too.
I always got those baseball mit ones. If the gum ball said home run, you got a free one from the truck
ortiz threw a pussy headbut and refsaid fight his fault for having hands down ITS A FIGHT
WTF apparently I owe Trine $105 because they feel the need to repaint my room. There was only 2 tiny marks on the wall!
Not well liked in Ohio lately
If you would like to request autographs or send fan letters to please mail to Po Box 2227 Cleveland,ga 30528
Snappin out of it starting....now.
Watching cartons
Gorgeous day at Arnold Arboretum, one of Boston's most stunning parks!
RANDOM THOUGHT: Go #Hawks!!! Yes I HATE the #Keltics. :-)
no problem! How are you today miss Mandy?
WWWYKI! MT Lots of good basketball on tonight, including Magic/Bulls. I've caught the bug as is tradition, in early march
Today in 2000 the #Yankees beat the #Mets in the Subway Series in 5 games.
SO F-in JEALOUS that people get to see The Raconteurs live and I don't.
Have to agree with beautiful songbirdy #sunsetsessions rules
Should we go to #Hideout or #Luna tonight?
we r walking...honk if u see flowery umbrellas
Robert LoEvery charitable act is a stepping stone toward heaven.
They have swing seats at Mojito's :)
Today's expected high of 81 in Oakland means two things: (1) silky white shirt weather and (2) parasol on the commute to work
I would be fine if okc took it all. I feel like its well deserved.
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN? text me. :(
waz up thanks for the follow ...
Get the SAME 50% off deals with a lot LESS out of pocket. Try Yubit.com
even the fucking horse in WarHorse pulls a "Spielberg face"
No one dies a virgin because life always fucks us in the end
Check out my Breeders' Cup picks at www.thechiefsports.com. Good luck and enjoy the races.
I'm hoping to find ______________ at the Flea! (Fill in the blank)
Why am I listening to La Roux? O.o
just got up from a much needed nap
Try and expect nothing, but be open for anything. Don't look for happiness, but don't settle for anything less.
Fuck you right back
Ace my mid term, now time for my math test
I hate when people get pissed when you ask what's wrong.. Then get also pissed cause you didnt ask & assume you dont care.
english paper
Hawks r getting robbed,foul before the ball was inbound.
#askObama What is the government doing to cede innovation to start small business.
Amen! RT Dear boys in bars, RT Buying me a drink does not mean you have me for the night.
Nothing could be more delightful
Just emailed your video to my boss for a cover artists thing. No idea if anything will happen, just saying.
Forever! Lol you're awesome!
Gaga Lights Up Our Lives
So there is a odd future movie on youtube I gotta see this
Just learning how to make helicopters today...no big deal
I have concerts all day for Paint The Town Red soo noo school for me :)
I feel honored. I'm Motobike'n around the state of Arizona. When I find a good stopping point, I'll send you a line
This Friday we'll be at supporting
Gotta love twitter. Even filling out paperwork seems awesome.
i feel you bro. real shit. good luck lol
I am no ordinary woman. My dreams come true. I will take what is mine. With fire and blood, I will take it!
“: I got 2 middle fingers and an attitude lol” I like that SO much. LOL
I spent 4 years living in Rhode Island, which is technically a state, but like a training wheels state.
I'm so pumped to watch you
Yep, looks real interesting. Thanks.
i keep on keeping on... its alright thus far im strangely happy all the time sumthn must b wrong with me lol how are you?
I was about to complain about what a wuss Sonny Malone is in #Xanadu. But then I reminded myself I was watching
Great photo! Thanks for visiting The Lube!
i guessed on all of them.
Are you going to #CODiE12 #SIIA in San Francisco? Have lunch plans 5/7?
Will Smith turned down the role of Neo in the Matrix. So did Ewan McGregor.
Sad to hear about the passing of Gatewood Galbraith. He was a one of a kind soul who was all about the betterment of Kentucky. RIP
Sunny day at Ratio!
Family special (@ johnny's)
Hi Jason! I like your intro. video on the S. Kitchen site :) - Jess
“: Love is patient and kind and quiet.. Respect” so true!
My sis will love u for following her so plzzzz follow plzzzz it means so much to her
#BroadbandBreakfast there are many ways to access #broadband platforms that aren't traditional wireline or wireless tools, says Tom Kamber
I love his new song #boyfriend is so addicting!!! I can't stop playing it
Just got a text from , all the way from Guinea!!!
Cup of coffee and watching the Macy's Day Parade before the family festivities begin
09 Tablas Creek Roussanne. Lemon, caramel nose. Big oak & alcohol on palate plus more lemon, honey. Tart finish. 87 pts
this unreal!
OMG!!(: I hope to see you there!! Im soo excited!(:
My sweet daughter brought me Chinese food to cheer me up about the poor pup next door.
almost forgot baby left in car and not buckled during a DWI stop.
Thanks : ) Happy Friday!
Thank-you Scarlett, for your continual and unending support!
Just killed a spider without screaming.
you have to make sweet love to Indeed, Simply Hired, Monster, and Career Builder
How about non leather flat riding boots?
Yea I'm jealous of something I could probably walk faster than <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>haha
YAY! Free Smut!!!
Extra credit (;
Just went past a drivers ed vehicle. Is it really appropiate to teach kids in a mustang? The decals looked dumb on it tho.
my pleasure. Last year's was amazing and a direct inspiration for creating Women Who Code. Thank YOU!
RT : RT : RT : “Travel is not reward for working, it’s education for living.”
My thoughts and prayers go out to the SDPD officer's family friends.
I didn't know it was out there like that... man listen!!!!
Nat'l Endow f/t Arts "Support books. Books can change things." -Eggers
“: "Put a little umph in it" your #Pisces will appreciate it #iPromise”
#PuffTheMagicDragon is just about the gayest song I've ever heard in my life.
On 11 news @ 10, are the Twin Cities storm ready? We join forces w/ to ask that question & others. What we found in moments.
RT : Good Morning this foggy romantic Monday morning!
There's that big run. Gordon breaks through for a 30-yarder. We might see some offense yet!
you should probably just try ALL of the That was always 's and my plan of attack. (Jealous.)
: is already drafting her apology drawing. ha ha ha
Honestly, I blame Facebook for the brogrammer trend.
Baby wana Ride my Rollercoaster of Love!!!
How quickly it can all go to sh#t!
Lots of Prep for Arlington & Walk of Flags this wknd! Hope to see all you volunteers! Lots of stuff going on this week for
Happy hump day guys.
Haha - well bonus for you as well, those are the fun toys!
not yet. I'll pick up anything you recommend. Thanks!
I always cut my hair when I'm bored. I'm gonna end up being bald one day.
Happy Mother's Day, treat yourself to a run!
Actually jamming out to "what makes you beautiful" during my cardio warm up. Somebody, anybody, intervention, stat.
if u were a Mexican all u would really do is heat up a tortilla <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
alrigty :) trying to find an usb drive cuz I don't have a blank dvd to use lol. Resorting to phone storage hope it works!
enjoyed the time friday night at airport...c u in dallas, if not sooner...
have a great day(:
Time is tissue.
- Are you still in Canada or back home in California?
good luck today
Just sayin, Pandaspace would be run by a bunch of MEN, without our dearest flowers <3
So I discovered that I have back dimples. Hehe
I feel bad for the guys who have girls as best friends because all they say is "I wish there was a guy like you." Stupid people irritate me.
RT : You cannot live a perfect day without doing something for someone who will never be able to repay you." - John Wooden
Chop it up or melt it for some great for high quality baking at a great price!
thank you soo much!!
4 more illustration before sending the 2nd book to the publisher
Ha! It's all about intent, right? :)
Sometimes I just wanna call it quits and throw the towel
Get your good eats + beer tonight to help raise $$ for !
Oh and good night lovely x
Don't look now but it's 4:34
": Officially done and survived my first year as an OT grad student! Woo-hoo!" Way to go Bianca congrats!! =)
That's lame. What should I do?
Dress warmly today! Be careful not to overdue strenuous activity during the cold weather. Warm up your muscles before running.
After three months, one of my tenacious 3rd graders finished The Story of Mankind--he's definitely a member of the !
Watching the Mavs/Deron work out ... Wishing I was planning a practice.
Yeah.. I just woke up. I'm a little disoriented. I realized that after I you. Hahahahahah. Forget what I said. xD
Dave Mathews Band sounds like a scratched Square Dance CD where the caller is a clucking chicken.
Tonight at CAMEO Sky Blue of LMFAO LIVE!
Some people love talking about history, especially their own.
Whoop Whoop!! Mike is famous - I mean Guiness Book of World Records?!? Where it he papparazzi??
thank u to my 34 followers LUV u
You ridin' fences today?
he's doing it right.
Can't sleep.. Won't sleep <3SMV<3
I spend 75% of the time trying to figure out what is going on and the other 25% trying not to care. Wish I could swap the percentages.
#HappyStPatricksDay to my favorite little #green dudes and Stay thirsty my friends!
MIZTY i dont like them their ugly i mean weird shhhh and thats gross
i have an app that can put pictures into videos and it wont put them during the song. it only puts them before or after. any other ideas?
Blaid just hit my ass.
I will always choose my family and friends before a boyfriend. <33
All the Mister Moms who handle both parental roles..YOU'RE special too..."Come on doooowwwwnnnn"
He worried about that weak ass hair he need to be practicing dunking mfs
LaRussa better figure this out fast or #cards season's lost, if it isn't already: Ryan Franklin ain't the answer. Already 4 blown saves...
Stay up late for her even when your tired
That picture of the denim trenchcoat reminds me of an old client. haha!
the prices aren't listed anymore...but if you tell me what you're looking for I can tell you what we have..
... documenting & closing commercial loans, representing lenders on default commercial lenders, we'll hip him or whatever robot equivalent.
I will be for you. Tjis is long overdue lol
When this song come on I'm cookin chicken
Congrats to the sectional champions Avon Girls swimming and diving! #domination #roadtostate #MOREtaper !
Congrats to for being yesterday's winner of 2 tickets to the autograph signing event! DM for details!
Assumption College names new athletics director
you should come check us out. We're not looking for new members yet, but we will be doing a guest artist each month.
hey girl! Wanna send you some goodies for your blog! Can u send me your shipping info DM please
Very happy to announce a partnership with The Council for American Culture and Education through UVA this summer.
does blackpool then get knocked out ?
i think a lot
thanks Kelly!
Not many tweets from my world 2day .....sorry , busy .....
Thanks to all my new followers and for RTs. I'm getting ready to hit the road for the #SLA Conference. Call me if you need me.
It appears as though we won't be coming back home tomorrow.. 7 more days in honolulu!
Do you REALLY know French ?
Well at least Woody can't get blamed for this loss, for a change...
#biketowork next week & gain health, happiness, more energy for weekend frolics!
Subaru Announces PUMA® as New Team Sponsor for Three-car Global RallyCross Championship Program.
Yes, I was going to mention that should you SEE my face while you're cleaning up, let me know. :) thanks!
Crazy person ? RT Crazy sleep, crazy dreams
yikes! Feel better
West Allis. The home of the pick up truck and NASCAR t shirt.
You better get yours before I reach mines cause then I’m throwing peace signs<U+270C>
deal. Who's all out?
Watch Maureen interview on at 10pm on Village of Oregon passing social host ordinance 2 curb underage drinking!
Thanks for the follow. If you ever want to talk key control or security let me know!
Now I see why people say they left their heart in San Francisco.
Now I feel annoyed ;/
i'm on 's profile rite now... biting my nails cuz i cant wait to see who made the final 3 in the BG contest ( hope it's me!!)
It's so delicious!
aahaha as if u know that :/ -.-
#SpiritAwards cheers to an awards weekend!
RT : Grade inflation, high school and college GPAs, kids’ books on grading and more in this month’s DoubleTake:...
I thought u tweeted dat u were gonna DROP a new Song 2day, wasn't dat u?
I must admit, Jared Sullinger is one of my favorite players in the NCAA. I hope he can make it in the league.
liam's voice= my heart melting.
We love your guys comments & follows! Many blessings to all of you!
happy mothers day!
:-) Sleep well!! And you're right. Just send it off to friends.
to do list for tonight 1) Pack 2) read & homework 3) draw & watch Make it or Break it 4) not sleep, like always.
It's a great day for some holiday shopping at the Westown Indoor Market! Come check out the new vendors! Going on now until 3pm.
yes he is
Happy Mothers Day especially to the single moms raising kids practically on their own cuz i was raised by very special one
Ha. I mean, I'm still recovering. MY EYEZZZZ!
The cops at my nana's crib but Im not there.
Dear Prius driver: yes, the stop sign does still apply to you even if a runner is crossing the street.
grab bag vintage shirt - so its a surprise. Last time whenever they did this same promo - I got the purple faces one :)
great meeting you last night at Wedding Alliance of North GA
Good morning
Heading out for an intense, late day #hike It's not raining....yet!
RT : Headed to SWC for some voluntary work then to the newsroom for production week
piles and piles of crap work >.<
GOOD MORNING AUSTIN <3
": Just because you said you’re sorry doesn’t erase the fact that it happened."
#yoga....done. Abs...done. Shoulders next...then some afternoon #sales calls.
goodluck to all AP Spanish test takers !
Elie Wiesel has fought humanitarian crimes. He went to the Soviet Union & reported on the persecution of Soviet Jews in The Jews of Silence.
Searching for an SVP, Creative / UX
cant wait for next season to start
Like the reconfigured main board for hockey in the Arena!
hey y'all.
They wonder y his heart cold!
Ready for a nap....
Thanks for all the tweets and sharing information! We'll provide info on #NCORE2012 soon
I support this. RT : Greatest twitter bio EVER.
Extreme Makeover: Home Edition has been cancelled ... Where are all the buses going to move to now?
Finally listened to my ambient NPR to find a discussion on life lessons to be learned from RomComs. Talk about noise pollution.
I'm gonna disregard those tweets
Sweet! DM me your email. =)
I always regret it afterwards! Ugh I ate to much!
Lines are more or less the same as they were Wednesday. At this point, you know it or you don't.
As an unabashed Collective Soul lover I was in such a good mood on the ride in today!
LOL @ twinkies.Haven't decided what we will do yet--hopefully I'm feeling better by then. NYC would be ideal place to be! 1 day!
Follow us!!
haha I'm glad it's not just me too! I remember asking other people if it smelled like that to them and they couldn't smell it!
Good Afternoon! It's a cold day....really acting like winter! Possible Rain this weekend and SNOW on Monday! It's looking a lot like Xmas!
RT LOST SERIES FINALE...or FLOOR SEATS to SUNS/LAKERS with my 6 yr old son...OMG! - what to do? help! Kids 1st Johnjay...
on #Leadership - Somali Pirates successful with new TACTICS at sea forcing the world to rethink STRATEGY, stabilizing the country -USA TODAY
im chillin you. you? just got back safely! probably gonna it up the galleria :D
Hi GB Jr All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
watching Miami FSU. They doin that Atlanta Braves cheering. Would hate to go to a football game with that
except the fact they signed omarion...like really?
You know a kickass wedding is about to happen when the bagpipes player is warming up out front!
WONDERFUL 3 BED 2BATH SPACIOUS & COZY W/WALL TO WAL CARPET,SECURITY ALARM. THIS HOME IS GREAT INVESTMENT TIME HOMEBUYER! BEING SOLD...
Heck yes! RT : We need 2 get some of that out n Cincinnati at our tailgates!
Kind of mellow, but a good mellow. Missed the Easter egg hunt. You? I heard some place had a special doggy egg hunt.
M! It was super yummy!
Apparently my muscles feel like cardboard? Time to hit the gym.
Has to be Estrada's pitch count. He's only at 66.
disappointed. Nasri seemed up for the fight, but the defence and goalkeeping cost us the game. Just like last season
This theoretical joke is tension-breaking and stress-reducing. You can't prove it doesn't exist.
flip them back around again
One up you, according to Transformers Detroit is in the Nevada desert.
I am starting a fantasy baseball league with people also in the arts. I need six more...are you one?
I think she's mentioned this to me before, too!
RT : It is easier to forgive an enemy than it is a friend. William Blake
My facebook has one photo of me. And it's the same as this one
my fave fiery grandma: follow her! Anti -aging Baby-Boomer, Fiery Grandma of 4, Wife, Mompreneur, Auto Transport Broker
I'm forever greatful for . she's here for me when no one else noticed.
Which one sounds better, a black and white one that has little straps, or a navy blue and white one with sleeves? :P Dresses man
We're having a free health screening today at #1525NewtonStNW #DC as well as breakfast at 9:30! See someone in need? Pls tell them!
What is something unrealistic you could do that would get you closer to your goal?
I'm at the MSFCA, MN State Firechiefs Assoc., annual conference for the next two days! Stop by and say hi,
where will you be tonight? We want more!!!
Today my school made 7th grade history (:
I would argue dystopias have always been a vibrant part of lit that appeals to teens as well as others
at least your aware of it some people straight up dont give a fuck
U WANT SUM FOLLOWERS??? GO FOLLOW #teamblackhouse AND MENTION THEM FOR A FOLLOW BACK x6
Enjoyed that Hooks Vs. Bridges 2! always kills it on yhe mixes! Sound and music was real nice!!
at i love it here!
it doesn't have to be pretty it just has to be a win!
facebook.com/thebandword for music/updates
You didn't do that right.
there was one girl, sorry to say she was kinda bad.
hope you are as well :)
When you get calls from drunk people & you can't help but to laugh hahaha aww someones tispy lol
Having fun
Rubber ducky time
Home Sweet Home
is expecting strong profits growth on Thursday despite continuing pressure on sales of whisky in Southern Europe. Via The Scotsman
Scotty & Lauren should be the next Lady Antebellum
Happy Friday Everybody!! Anybody have any special plans for the weekend? We want to hear about them!
Tae swear she was Finna bail him out and gather up bail money. Lmao #DownAssBitch tho at the end of the day
my mum says give you 3 kisses. lolol
We want to know: What's your favorite restaurant in Montgomery County?
Rest/recovery day for me! Heading to church and then hanging out with my wonderful husband today!
I can't stand Paul Pierce smh he always hits the big shot on my team.
Okay, Twitter, since you're so smart and know all fans of every team ever -- find me awesome female #Wild fans. And... go!
"Shift" - kiss. Ex. Did ya shift her?
Heather Ford of FOX5 is live down at Fiesta de Reyes for the Fiesta Old Town Cinco de Mayo! Turn on your TV to check it out!...
Wishing and weren't so lame.
"This couch hurts my butt...." -
shiid workout then sleep
what a sad afternoon. And you better eat you veggies!!
REI store in the puck building is amazing!
When you nurture and release the true you, you'll stop feeling like a broken, endless project.
Fairly certain my past relationships fit squarely into 3 categories: NGB, stalker, or asshole.
"Tomorrow is a new day, and with that new day comes the opportunity to refine our being. Walk in the light & it will illuminate your path".
your a cornball no wonder I don't listen to u.
End this game already Cards!
"The most anticipated night in movies" is the MTV Movie Awards? Really? Thinking a little highly of yourself there, MTV ad.
Apparently, Global Warming has taken the day off!
Good win for GTown...a game they would have lost last year.
Forgot to tag in my last post!
1st Choice is #NorthCarolina’s choice for the best used vehicles and affordable financing. Get your #credit back on track with us!
New Costume 60s Groovin Wig for Adult
BRING IT
Are y'all really that desperate on Instagram to be like "all new followers get so many likes" on other people's photos? Losers.
-Look like a GIRL,act like a LADY,think like a MAN,work like a BOO...
Its only 8:50 am and I already need a drink
It's too early in the morning to be hearing your shit right now so...
#nickelback just came up on my #pandora feed. Should I be worried?
Donnie Simpson is trending! bring him back!!
I'm good :) : change your twiiter name you nob
It has to be Jil! Talk about ultimate comeback! RT Question is: Who fills in at Jil Sander?
HB1150 would evaluate schools in a similar way that MCCOY assesses youth programs - thx Amy Carter
Getting ready to do another fight choreography tonight! Those are always fun and motivating.
We'll save you a seat!
Hey Michelle will u please follow me?
nope, but i've choked on a life saver. lol
Arlington! What's up with the summer?
And we're starting DAY 2 of the Reclaiming Futures Leadership Institute conference!
Can't miss it the NEXT game of Barcelona vs. Man U. Saturday 30th!
So close to 500 followers only need 34 more followers help me reach 500 followers i will follow back
I dearly love you buddy's cant wait for Pawns to be released
Needed...wanted...either or...
I have cake and eat it all the time! That's why I run. :)
Travis, how long have you been married? Time can be the enemy, seen it too many times, no pun intended
I really enjoy people watching as creepy as that sounds
Shea McClellin gives the #Bears an end project who will star as a high effort situational pass rusher at first
Intriguing. Taking res's? RT : ING's outdoor patio Flavor Tripping cocktail menu. Tons of Tripping fun:) less than 2 weeks away.
Your day is going to be blessed! Your children is blessed! Your marriage is blessed! No limits, No boundaries,I see increase all around you!
Just tell me the truth I'll find out anyways
I guess NO BODY likes to be called TWITTER BUG, as no ones hitting me back up...
Thank you for your time and all the great information! We appreciate your sharing your eggs-pertise!
The more junk I cough up the better I feel.
Savage life 1 is prolly the best album webbie gone ever have
Cinderella with
Congrats to my rockstar colleague at for being named one of 15 to Watch! Have fun today!
How has texting changed keyboarding...I'm noticing more and more students typing letters with their thumbs.
why is an anthology like Black Nature a great study?...
I'm pretty sure if I made you a sandwich...you would fall in love with me(:
thanks man!
What he said.
will take a look in the morn. Welcome home!
Awesome magazine. Thanks for the follow. Do you guys take submissions?
I love Friday the 13th!!
Gonna be a little MIA on twitter for the next couple of weeks cause of all the work I have due! :(
The cheapest ticket on #StubHub for the #SuperBowl dropped about $200..now at $2k. Again, avg price @ #Colts at Lucas Oil stadium $139
Conner won all 3 of his JV matches today at West Allis Central. Congrats, dude. Very proud. Sacrifice, sacrifice & sacrifice. Payoff.
Hi Janes Hawes. Columbus JollySavers is going live! Exclusive kids deals for Columbus families.
Stop making life seem more tougher than it is.
Hey Sexy! Thanks for following me! You are fucking aweseome. Speaking of fucking... where is my vibrator?
Figured it outt
Correction, TATE.
with my father arguing with him cause he has to many girlfranzzz
You know me reading lol
Who has good #Prezi examples?
miss ya!
Wife: babe I want you to whisper dirty things in my ear.. Husband: sure thing..kitchen, living room, patio, oh and don't forget the toilet.
Thanks for the Tweet! Check back daily for more great deals from Mobideals!
Hey have one for me at Margaritaville!
. sad to miss #SommChat today - judging the Ruinart Competiition.
Just got out the <f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080>!! Gettin ready to go make this <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>!! Everyone have a blessed day
one picture for all of them or one for each..!??:/
You're "not gay", yet you'll make out with boys? LOL, booboo no.
"When you broke they treat chu like a bad joke, niggas laugh at chu when they kno aint funny"
Will I be more relevant if I drink Dos Equis tonight?
I hate getting off work this late! This hour drive back home is gonna suck big sweaty balls <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Incredible new year in a Dubai home from long ago #FriendsReunited.com with side order of Hugh grant and a nice big glass of Peter Andre!
Wish i could forget about you cause its obvious you have forgot me
Don't make the mistake of trying to re-do pass success with a hybrid fan base. You will end up putting out 4 to 5 singles that don't catch!
...And You Will Know Us By The Trail of Bread
I do see some scattered subject lines that corraborate
I was gettin' stressed out about this Iowa State game, but we've got nothing to lose...just play your game. We can get this!
I am so thankful Al!!!!!
Still working, though it should be good to go. We recommend clearing your cache and also checking from other browsers.
Eddie will always be loved and missed... He did so much for so many!!!
I should be packing, but I'm now officially addicted to Words with Friends.....thanks a lot :-)
i think Neely said he wanted to party tonight
That's right! As long as each & every #Haitian realizes the development-security connection, everything will go smoothly
Hey thanks for RT; How are things?
HAS A TWITTER YAYAYAYYY
One who understands much displays a greater simplicity of character than one who understands little.Alexander Chase
hey I was outside knocking on ur door with the food
lol yes I wanna go swim
HAHA!! Didn't expect THAT response! Come on down..it'll be on us..but, somewhere else cause they now use FROZEN patties! YUK!
You know I'll be there!
Hahaha! There can be only one!
I'm sure my #EBUS118 students are even more excited to try your pie for free (my treat, not yours)
best wishes & huges hugs to appendectomy/schmependectomy. she can do anything! :o)
RT : you can't front on Entourage, Icebox, Touch, all those Omarion songs still knock! <<Icebox was HOT!! Dunno bout da rest!
Vokoun said that he never considered staying in Washington beyond this year, said it was the "most disappointing" season of his career.
in general. but if you have a work situation you're worried about you should get a consultation with a plaintiff-side lawyer
LOL that's and in the same tweet: RT : Today 3 years on Twitter: ,
Lady who?
I need some moral support! Right now! Three cheers for me, please!
Girl, I just wanna say.... Wow.
hI ! I'm listening to amazing music by demi lovato hoping you will follow me (:
I won 1st place at a beauty pageant.....I was in the audience
forget one.
thanks for the invitation, but not sure I can make it. :(
why haven't I met you yet?
More shibboleths: RT Creativity researchers: Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi ... Me-high Chick-sent-me-high
thank you for the RT!
Lost Dog Mick - $500 Reward Mick the Miniature Pinscher is lost in Calabasas, CA.
come over tomorrow!
Booked an episode of BROKEN MINDS. Thank you, Meg Morman & Sunny Boling!
love it
You rock :)
totally <3 it!
AND AND, AND TWIST
Without struggle , there is no progress .
my favorite girls nd
I see it has not slowed you down a bit
loll right I'm like yay
now why would they say that about her?
thats MR. fart taco to you!!
We are taking our outdoor set into Art Bar! Come on out
please follow me i follow back!
#reverb11 community - how are you today?
I can't wait for it to be Fall.
I wish I could come. Im stuck in Florida:/
An obese guy was in the elevator with me. He caught me staring at the weight limit sign. Awkward.
I would love to just never have to get up for work ever again in my life
hes friends with austin, & went to teen hoot & playlist live the same time austin went (:
On my break smashn
Ive personally had many audible request.
We're so close to 400 followers :) Thanks to everyone for putting us in your #FF !
MIT shop closed for the night. A few more hours left tomorrow morning, and the Uni will goes into the truck. Good night team--thanks!
I just dont get where the Spurs find all these diamond in the roughs!
I think they heard you
I'm still here. come after!
just so yall know my second twitter is so you can foolow me there as well :) <3 yall STWOF!!! c(;
. Shame on He's become a partisan shill with no prinicples.
Cool, an actual linear story, Keri. Thanks for sharing!
what wrong ?
Keep it up
My local radio station said they might interview One Direction sometime in the future!!
down. Just messing with you.
A Half Baked Pretty Woman who was a Money Pit who has been Forgotten and needs to Die Hard.
I hope that the mom on the video goes to hell!!! Freaking evil worthless piece of junk
let's keep it that way and not mess with stripper laws.
Receive plenty of exposure.
We're so excited to stay connected with all our new friends from #DECALDA!
I gotta hair cut!!!
What a game yesterday. It was a great season... Win or loose I still love my yankees!!
5:30 in front of registration.
We love you even without your hair! No hair, nowhere!
Im seriously starving.
money work n oyeah
We're running our LIKE ME LOTTERY! Like our page and you could win a FREE copy of our upcoming EP!
im very Anti-Social at times
i dont know why it took me 5 years to realize that you are not a true friend. Good luck and goodbye! :D
#10thingsaboutme I love to run, I run cross country and track!
Bunting our way to the World Series!
Me: "Will the company pay for me to go to law school?" VP: "No, but we'll pay to bail you out of jail. Better cost benefit!"
Ability is what you're capable of doing...Motivation determines what you do...Attitude determines how well you do it.
#Flamenco wisdom: there is no glory in doing contra palmas badly.
Illinois photographer Brian Ulrich's latest exhibition 'Thrift and Dark Stores' May 28 - July 3 2009, Julie Saul Gallery, NY
RT Friday can't get here fast enough.
You can order online at WeBeGreater.com or we'll be on King St between 3rd & 4th tomorrow (north side of street) from 12-1.15pm
Thanks Mike :)
THERE you go...that's a safer smile in the dusty wind! :-)
Who's everybody got on the fight?
I relate everything to #JoannaNewsom. The SKOS chart of my life would just have Joanna Newsom as the object of every triple.
Networking is about building a relationship, not just to close deals for your business. Essentials: Visibility, Credibility, Profitability!
Kory a bitch
So I want food.
I gave up alcohol this week and I'm already regretting it!
Illumina just announced consumer genetic sequencing service for half previous best price. Also demo'd iPhone app for consumer genetics.
I love it!
MANTRA # 1 owe your success to no one
got this drank in my cup!
Did you know we're faster AND cheaper than the #libraryofcongress when it comes to acquiring books from Morocco? Ask us how we do it
#nowplaying Light My Candle from RENT...dont judge me.
weed is much better than all that. MUCH BETTER. Its natural.
strawberry is better
The Tic Tocs are down, but not out! We have a few tricks up our sleeves! We are still gonna miss Cali, but will pull through! Stay tuned!
vampires are cool! ;)
Wish I could just kidnap you and bring you with me ;D
it all how u look at urself u are responsible for ur own happiness
me too. like drew dody ok. brad richards ok. but where the fuck do u get that?!
2/2 ... my 2 great aunts (Aunt Belle and Aunt Elola). They taught me so much ~ how to fish, make buttermilk biscuits n more! Miss them both!
Welcome to twitter! :)
WHY CANT WE FIND ANY DAMN HOTELS FOR VACATION.
When are you coming back to the midwest?
Wow! #Meganwade is amazing. Playing at Sherwood at BBC now.
Whitney Houston's death had to be very unexpected. Just 6 hrs ago many were reporting she was being approached to be a judge on X Factor
Biking through Eagle Creek Park in Indiana and some home bouldering!
Got my Troegs Anthology as a graduation gift to myself, but I also had a package from Spoetzl Brewing with three Wild Hares in mail.
TAKE THAT OFF
13 days until
there's something about 22 days lately...lol these 22 days better go as fast as the last 22..
I'm grateful for my job they're just DTM.
#fridayreads The Marriage Plot by Jeffrey Eugenides.
alright alright alright yeah! my son spellin the shit out of these motherfuckin words!!!!!LMAO never gets old!
regarding the last story about pot... I work at an airline. Funny watching people leave When custom dogs sniff MIA packages.
Seeing the old Alex Smith here
at least Charles is funny! Lavin is good.
Hey girl! How's it going?
Knowing you're going to be with him/her for life.
Happy B-Day to Bob Rondeau! A classy professional who continues the Seattle tradition of award winning sports broadcasting with every call.
I'm sorry. I'm feeling old. I will be 30 in July. :(
Loved the Final Tic classic. Loved Good Side,Bad Side and Planet Crucon as well.
I try to think about all the diff. ways I can build from an initial point of inquiry into the ind. proj.
cool -anna
My new mixtape will be coming early 2012. I'll be releasing the title of the tape in December. Stay tuned
it wouldn't be so bad if I'd stop habitually attempting to scroll on a wheel that I know doesn't scroll that way. Stupid subconscious.
Are you attending Toni?
Just fell in love with Urbanbelly. Must eat there everyday.
I would LOVE for you to be host!
#grateful for many things, but today it's about standing up for myself and expressing my own opinions <U+E056>
Admittedly don't know much about SASS, but I'm seriously impressed with extend. assumed it was same as a mixin, but it's totally not. wow.
this is the reason why I love you guys so much :) you made a little girl's a day very special and her wish came true!
Don't judge bc that's not our job. U never know what someone is going thru...
As much as they'll let me have access to. RT : 8" thick eh? So truthfully how much of it will you read
1000 ways to die I am sure I will be one of the dying lol
i don't :d
she was....logical.
We need to send the Avengers to North Carolina to fight the evil.
WFGM is proud to help and hope you can donate infant and toddler car seats to them!
girl you are so beautiful and amazing and you just need to KNOW :D
“: looks yummy.” Celebrating Uncle Percy's birthday. Had a good talk with him today. He sounded like Grandaddy.
Why isee pilgrims everytimee im in nashvillee thou o.O
If you want a happy ending, that depends, of course, on where you stop your story. --Orson Welles
No Surprise: WMC CEO says he's not surprised by the uptick in jobs. Surveys have shown optimism, "and optimistic businesses tend to hire"
Hey fans, give a shout to band guys and They're rolling with us this summer!
“: so just made me do a shot of wheat grass..my body rejects!” he's making everyone do it. Its like a cult
thanks :) x
It's no die in my #Sixers!
I'm telling you! Certainly hurts his leadership position--trust, respect, etc...Keep your sanity, girl, lol
Good Night. Thank God. Better Tomorrow, America!
Free for All Friday is here! Scott, Cheryl, and Dr. Jeff will tackle the issues of the day! Don't miss it!
I think it's time to stop waitin on other people and make something happen
Send some to NYC
Just ran into Doug Melvin. I said "Hey Doug" cause you know, we're tight like that.
When will I learn my lesson when it comes to caffeine at night?
do u evr go to seer outfitters? (:
:) You seem so cool, and you're an amazing mahomie <3
Keep drinking that kool aid amigo OKCs home grown talent seems to be better than the Heats free agents
I can be all you ever wanted if you give me a chance.
shut up!!!!!!!! I was playing draw something with u the other day!!!
Yes I Am Lol
Honestly? I think he may have thrown away the election. Forget economy, jobs... it's now a social issues election.
I feel you! You're preaching to The Choir!
I actually can't believe I said that so loudly, feel so bad :'( </3
I just called ConEd and put the electricity bill in my name. I'm feeling oddly productive and scared at the same time.
Either I have friends who have been really slutty lately, or their April Fool's jokes need some help.
Just passed a car with the license plate "SUCCES"
Hey, i just met you and this is crazy but here's my number ____
From all the toys in the world, people usually choose "feelings" to play with..
...and my car is already stuck.
no problem :3
Good day for the pack!
damn you're really in love with my butt aren't you? It's ok it has that effect on people.
fat chicks come with baggage like hypertension, diabetes, sleep apnea...
can you be both fiscally conservative and socially liberal?
its sunny n bright in cali....
THINK I'M GONNA WORK AT LITTLE CESARS. HOLLA~
My commute's going to be over an hour once/if I move to Leesburg. Better an hour in my car than two hours riding Metro.
More career services love for from: , , and
Damn u spent a lot of $!
Just had serious bonding time with
haha no. but i've been to hungary where i learned that still water came in pink bottles but I couldn't communicate with anyone :(
Kidnapping isnt necessary to achieve that result.
"Every tomorrow has two handles. We can take hold of it with the handle of anxiety or the handle of faith." - Henry Ward Beecher,
That was pretty, while maybe unintentional, very pretty!
Left an audition and walked behind Will Chase for a hot second. Felt like I was in a real-life episode of
If your Younger than 12 and your on birth control . You ratchet
Thanks for being such an awesome Beyonce resource! You really do it right!
St. Louis is only shooting 26% from the floor and they are in this game
I wonder what's going on... so many helicopters tonight.
We'd love to chat about how we can help w/ the California college tuition & accessibility challenges.
Miss you too, my supermodel from France:)
Unfollow this page its hacked follow my new page
Yes! Now to set my Yoga intention.....
Hopefully you can get some rest, that usually helps me when I have an allergic reaction.
. found a use for Jerry Narron. Started a fire in a junkyard to mess with the lights at Citi field.
I hate that has his tweets protected. Can't RT him. :c
Where have you been all my life?!
So I'm outside kissing my boyfriend and this lady passes by and says "you go girl" lol super embarrassed
I'm the short girl who has black haor and wears skinny jeans, band tees, and converse. I got hell for it.
Nay! Allow not the receipt of questionable cables derail your eloquence! I daresay the very suggestion is nefarious!
Sorry Tech language at play here
for twits maybe
welcome to the Twitter.
Want to help 'Thought At Work'? Come by the ID Studio Sunday @ 4PM for a meeting. Any help is help.
“: "I love your crocs" Said by Nobody, Ever.” this made me think of you and your love of CROCS!!!
RT : The space between the notes is as important as the notes themselves. at
Thanks for the follow, So sorry you and EmoPeterCampbel couldn't make it work. Seemed so perfect...
<3 united app... Just updated my gate and saved me a trip across O'Hare! Thanks United.
RT : Who has questions for #JobHuntChat?
another test message
Im so happy that follows me :)) bless ur heart
it was privilege to b with u & ur students at LR Memphis
Oh where oh where did my twitter go?
I know Its Tuesday and all but I feel like flying today :)
promo me
please #FundMyFriday to celebrate the end of another school year with my fellow grad students! (we could all use a little help!)
you should make one that says "50% original content"
We will announce the winner of Guess Jack's score at 10am Central, stay tuned.
i'm fucking peeing.
Good mood and smiling this morning!!
Calls seem to be going ASU's way. Come on #Trojans,
If i have to get a shot in my mouth i think i just might kick the dentist....
RT : Morning rush hour still going smoothly- no news is good news
Doing some outside running this Sat. with by the lake for ! So, who's coming with us...WHO'S COMING WITH US?
Rhyme "let's keep it undercover my part-time lover" ©2012 free to use
for the record it was pregosaurus lex
i will try maybe
Smart dinner with #gaming narrative expert #JamesPortnow. The future can be better
At a medical doctors office...40 minutes after my scheduled appointment....still waiting...they need to take an on time lesson from us..
ignore him pattie.
yeah it took me a while to save up :) though, really, a photographer is a photographer, no matter what equipment they use!
RUDE! Actually I stopped drinking at like 9:45!!! -_____-
awwe u so pretty cn we exchange numbers
when we felt like not giving old people diabetes anymore.
Remember those words next time you are looking for work. And yes, veterans do deserve a break.
Great workout this morning! Finally starting to feel fit again...
I Hate When Someone Complains Abt One Of Their Followers , Just Unfollow Them And Shut up .
I was born the day you kissed me. <3
what is ojon?
#icantgoadaywithout thinking about <U+2665>
This half priced frappuccino craze has lines out the door at Starbucks
what a nub
Good luck. Hope you won't have to garbage pick cheesesteaks because you spent all your money on the car.
Chocolate chip, walnuts, and almond cookies
Last year I said I'd try to be a Phillies fan. After meeting countless tool Phillies fans, I take that back. Such a lame fanbase. Go Buccos!
YOU ANT UP NORTHVIEW WIT 1.5 million LMAO THEM NIGGAS ROB THEY OWN MOMS LITTLE NIGGAS UH JACK YOU CUZ
some skateboard championship won by 38 year-old local fellow. his parents must be proud!
MyCSU is making plans to be a part of the 2010 Diversity Conference on September 21-23! Check out their site at diversity.colostate.edu.
#IThankGod for making me one of a kind
Girls have twice the options for Halloween costumes: the regular version or the slutty version. Unless they go as Snooki.
Happy Administrative Professionals Day! Be sure your boss and coworkers shower you with many gifts today!
Summer time bitches
Its official. These fb chat rooms hold some of the dumbest people in it.
sounds like a plan7
Here's To My 8,000 Tweet!!!!!!! 8 is a lucky number for me & one of my favorites! Also I wanna thank all my awesome followers! #MuchLove <3
Fresh out of the shower! haha
There is nothing wrong with contentment. It only becomes an issue of you get stuck there. Contentment becomes complacency. Keep pushing!
Are you for real?
RT : #PlankADay COREction officer says I miss your planks!
. Isn't that awesome?? We were pretty pumped too!
So good. So glad.
Thanks so much!
hahah. I'm in the process of looking for a job. I'd love to have my lip in the least pierced.
can we just just blame Petrino?
1966 Lincoln Cont. ragtop. Black, w/ suicide doors and a killer sound system. Or another 68 'Stang...best for chasing tour buses!
Dilshan will probably get 2 tests for that head high contact on Usman
what u just got a twitter or something
- nice to know you!
it's a beautiful device. but I'm still not a convert. I think it needs to do more for 500 bucks. maybe courier will convince me?
you are my cinema I could watch you forever...actually pretty creepy lyrics we DJ Repeat-ed all weekend
Really enjoying this
thank you!! <3
Cant believe with all the time Justin has put into the album, his fans, and charity..he still found time for school, and to graduate. proud.
What To Expect When You're Expecting was great! So much laughs!
I wouldn't know anything about that. I have Michael McDonald's "Sweet Freedom" cranked to 11 right now.
im starting to think that i need to get her to autograph something for you, lol
Follow me on keek . Yes it's the same username as my twitter username.
Have you recorded any demo?
#FF Follow Someone Awesome Sunday--->
Our most beautiful blessings are the Jonas Brothers oh my gosh I haven't laughed so hard all day
Hes everything i dreamed of !
Horse out front? “: There is a guy rocking a serious bolo tie at a Cincinnati Panera right now. #TXSwag?”
Pelmeni Siberian Dish with a drink of Citro is fulfilling.
Damn y'all need to get over it already
Watching #afv with the kids..then sending them to bed so I can watch #Onceuponatime :) Oh yay!
Happy Birthday to one of the funniest men I know! Im sending so much love from NYC...and a virtual karate chop to the throat. <U+2764>
*slaps you* wow lmao
If your looking to save money today in Indy Marsh Supermarket is tripling coupons up to $1 until midnight.
Lol cause we all know who the craziest person we fucked last
We're glad they did! Now you can check out all the new things that will be happening:)
Spoken like a true Bostonian RT : #WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Starbucks taste better than Dunkies
I have so much love for 's songs and songwriting, its crazy. <3
I'm hungry!
Thank you for including me in your journey!
RT : Dear Maloofs: please sell the Sincerely, Everyone.
When google made the switch a couple months ago they froze my channel. I had to make a new one. So I'm starting over.
RT Autocorrect is like that person who just graduated college and think they know everything.
Im seriously in the best mood:)
Left my window wide open all day, nice one maddie
Shut up michael cole
This dream I had last night though.....wtf...?? Lol thnkn why would I even dream sme shit like tht..
thanks honey!
Thank God for all I missed because it led me here to this...
OMFG I LOVE YOU !!!! CONGRATS! <333333333
Also, my other nephew signed a 4 year contract with the Army. Our own Private Ryan. Congrats to him too!
When is Reggie getting on Twitter?
Gotcha! Thanks Bethany!
Chairs = bad. Balls = good.
Eating in downtown Louisville, KY. Heady beers for sure!
It's ironic that champions of democracy want different standards 4 themselves. Y plead the 5th when u r clean ?
You are going to be AMAZING! And you really should be BFFs with She's the biggest fan of all time!
Thanks my friend!
“: Life's a bitch, if it were a slut, it would be easy.”
NEW HAVEN! Bring back Bar Pizza and a Louis Lunch burger pls
Next on our list! Terrific meeting you this week! --> RT : Just got home &found The #Gamification of Learning &Instruction arrived...
I'm do not in shape for our Fireisland !
What a dive!
#WhenIWasLittle, I never imagined that one day #OLTL and #AMC would be stolen from us.
y'all should get some tray tables in this bitch
hm we'll meet up but no purple for me...wearing gold!
The lady had me up there throwing curve balls for 25 minutes haha
... Sun breaking through the clouds shining on a blustery day ... Seattle's Heart Beat gathers together
I miss my main man
Sipping a '96 Schloss Schönborn Riesling Spätlese (Rüdesheimer Berg Rottland): ultra-ripe peach, Seville orange, raisins, lemon-lime, slate!
Steaming this pastrami has left me with incredibly-delicious pastrami stock. What to do with it? Ideas? (cc )
Aww how wees Luvvs r lrd Ahmed. Does the Queen have anything at all to say when someone she knighted tries to destroy the UK?
also, Hamptons Chutney Company is a great place for celiacs to dine on creative dosas and uttapams
Gonna fight robert tomorrow YEAH
You have exactly 35 mins left to nominate yrsrelf or other #MLA mbrs to serve on ctes. You know you want to! www.mla.org
I just never tire of DOUBLE INDEMNITY. If ever there were a DVD that I wear out, this is it.
Trying to enjoy Eli Manning doing SNL but this show hasn't been funny since I was in high school
I know I was waiting for the next showing of #SherlockPBS (set to be recorded on my DVR) but that's why god invented the app w/AirPlay
the club still update their own library a couple times a year?
OMG I WAS TAKIGN A NAP!!!!!!!! i love you and I do remember ourlil runs and we need to hangout again soon please, i miss summer<3
: AHAHAHA, TKozy strikes with the mom jokes again. Love!
Need video of arrest incident yesterday around 44th & Lex - many journos there documenting brutality, please DM any info
I cant go back to sleep....
RT : Mary don't you weep because God is going to do just what He said!
#VintageTrouble was awesome, a spectacular concert.
follow me can't wait to hear your
r they looking for poker dealers at the trop??..I can outdeal anyone...if so could you get back to me buddy..thx in advance..
kinda low for you Jesus but then again your religion is falling out of favor.
Sittin in class with these hot bitches
Thank you for the mention :) Great site for eyecare!
I said don't worry about a thing...cause everything is gonna be ight
Breakthat Single show Top 20 list is the best way to give indie singles love
if you can't be completely comfortable around your boyfriend or girlfriend , then your not that close
RT : Happy New Years to & all my fam. Yall are my team till the death of me
that's funny x)
Its about to go down Boom Boom Style.......T Lady Birthday........yeah thats me
"How would you use clout as President to spur #middleclass #entrepreneurism?"
I got asked to prom
I think dogs R the most amazing creatures; they give unconditional love.4 me they R the role model 4 being alive~Gilda Radner...
I think I'm going to go to the movies today.
Can't wait to get my hands on Essence of Time! Read 1st 3 & need to know how about Rob & Blake.
Getting the showers water temp right is one of the hardest things to do but When it happens it's one of the best
Vampira still gets my sap flowing. Otherwise it's gotta be Graves Ghastley
#superartfight Doctor Who Puppet Pals!
So I'm on vacation already.
Agreed! And I am loving RT : Nice new avatar, ! : )
<U+2606> Everyone Follo<U+03C9> and me... WOO! WE FOLLOW BACK YALL! YEEEEEEE-HAW! <3 hope solo! woot! chicken liver?
Rehearsing a limited edition set of Live PA songs and Retrospective Remixes. #MojoStock2011 VJ: DJ: + Sitar & Drums!
Actually Reynolds was okay, not great though. The writing and chemistry was just way off.
bacon is bad for me and you are officially a bad person now
Not long now for Mass Effect 3!!
What things do YOU want out of FemCity Milwaukee (ways to help you professionally, personally, etc.)? Let's hear your comments/suggestions!
#Imagine *Austin Gives U A Gift* YOU: "Omg I Love It, Its Amazing" AUSTIN: "YOUR Amazing" *KissesYou*
And Facebook is running strongly to the pocket carry. I sense a trend.
Lol I thought u meant u were having me for lunch :O
TY 4 the shout-outs. Hope you enjoyed gr8 #wine this wkend!
I drove by yesterday! LoL!
ouch ouch and ouch! Good she finished her show though! Tough kid!
I'm watching this game and still trying to figure out...what's so "old" about the Celtics?
I want to start my own #Ted or #Fred -style talks.
TUES: Senior Advocacy Workshop in City Heights. Learn to communicate to elected officials.1:30 p.m. #Free 4065 43rd Street.
In D.C. for the rest of the week. Late arrival with an early wakeup call for meetings.
Delaware's about to go into Hinkle Fieldhouse and whip up on Butler tonight. Right
Sorry was new to me (guess I'm not much of a Microsoft watcher)
El Salvador all day, everyday ;)
it's impossible not to.
so many twitter crushes. on you and you and you and.. not you. :(
RT : Omg we watched in Common's new video at work tonight! That's so exciting! I'm so proud!
You'll see signs up around town. If you'd like one, email name, st address and email address to
Okay bye bye :D
I hate when you say stupid shit like that.
Grinding away at the law lib
Can't remember who first mentioned My Drunk Kitchen to me, but I am now very very much smitten with it. ;-)
Buying the stuff for our little cook out :)
next up - scouting the photo shoot location and helping Sizzle La Fey get a banjo
Thanks for the follow FF #TGIF!
*whispers* Broke what?
Thanks for the follow, what language is that on many of your tweets? My guess is Tagalog but don't really know.
now that we have Cal as a coach I think some fans really do expect to win it all every yr.
Gotten pretty comfortable with #ios app #dev over the past year. Now, working around in the #Android SDK.
hahah new phone
Home Sweet Home <33
To all of us at Castle Group Marketing to all of you out there in twitterland, we wanna wish you and your families all a Merry Christmas!!
Nas is so dope
This time its gonna be me. - 'N Sync
It's in the University Gallery inside the Vignelli Center - artistic alley. Enjoy!
Swisher Homers Here..
I don't understand why people keep saying they are/aren't thankful for Nickleback... Explanation please?
#TYVM for the #RT (& thoroughly enjoying your series of 50 blog posts in 50 days!)
An 80-year old can have the body of a 40-year old by adopting a healthy, active, stress-free lifestyle.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! !!Never*SAY*Never*3D!!
Oh that's why you know him! I can't wait til I finally get to go abroad!
just a bit. The only upside is that it may be the first mmo where guys who play girl avatars wont get ridiculed
JB: O's objects: a weirdly coy manifest withdrawal, alluring us to play hide and seek, without holism. What is at stake?
Thank you!
It most definitely is! often neglected but has a lot of power
I don't work tomorrow. Eric will be there
RT : A1: Social media good resource, but work it toward a handshake.
Congrats to for rattling home his dunk attempt and to for making his first collegiate field goal.
Houston City Hall to be bathed in orange lights tonight in honor of run to MLS Cup final.
your peformance last night gave me chills! You sang its a mans world and rocked it hunny! you better win!
Visual literacy in art edu deprived elementary schools in greater LA
i have a good bit of footage
Exciting time to be Things looking up after months of grinding.
I do expect some sunshine today. Partly sunny skies overall becoming mostly cloudy.
Thanks for the follow
Taking classes / workshops at a design or technical school will eventually get you the certificate, but actual learning depends on you.
Valerie for Randi Scott rockin' your Friday nite - stay tuned for Nights with Alice Cooper coming up at 11:00! :o)
Would like to know what you find. Don't know how to do outside of controlled environment.
Just found out that a paper at a conf in March will be on the exact topic as mine at a diff conf in April. Great minds think alike?
CraftMaster Molded Interior Doors are MADE in the USA!
Wanna be friends??
#shehechat it's like we are singing Happy Birthday to you!
If anyone is every sad ill sing you the happy song xD
i love you more(:
Fall in love when you are ready, not when you are lonely is wat it is.
miss my baby maggie!
Feeling so pumped by all the comments and emails received in response to my NYT Room for Debate piece.
I like it when catches up on replying to his whole timeline from like twelve hours ago
Having mega problems with #blogger. Anyone out there an expert? Care to help? Or should I just switch to #wordpress?
Today was a great day. I hope everyone enjoyed it. The new years is almost here! Stay productive!!
RT : Sheen destroyed the entire concept of the show from all the drama. It'll never be as "comical" no matter who replaces who.
We like you too!
Until they run out RT there are less than 800 tickets for graduation at the We can pick up two more with red ID.
Money talks but it's the ACTIONS that make it so.
nice post...
Getting ready to hang out with Prez Obama @ the House of Blues tonite.
Pantera's Cowboys From Hell.
I want it to be summer. Last summer was so fun. So many memories, with lots of people. Summer, Please come faster..?
And I quote "Itzdamamastinkydachilez!!!!!!" ...I know my bitch well enough to translate this on sight when she txts me ha
First pick on mom's mother's day playlist: daughters by john mayer
Easy desert. Toasted Eggo waffle cut into bites in a bowl. Add1 scoop of natural vanilla ice cream with a drizzle of chocolate syrup. M'good
lol take yo ass to sleep
it looks very cozy and Thanksgiving-ish. Have a happy turkey day!
Cool! RT Great crowd at today's meet and greet in
If I lived in Florida, I would be pretty concerned about rioting babies right about now
Got a little carried away at the library...
but majority of the people in your party don't like "Hispanics" and I a Latina hate that word
look at Richards shoe lmao
For the first time this year the defense picked up TB12
Alright, I'm looking for your favorite calendar app out there ... ?
Why can't THIS weekend's game be blacked out? Not sure I want to witness this...
"Fear binds the world. Forgiveness sets it free." ~Gary R. Renard
OK Boston College Fans an alumni, Would you ever consider Bobby Petrino to be the next football coach? #Toosoon ?
This bitch in my class called "the blonde ugly af" Niall is perfect so fuck you.
Get your playlist-making pants on! The Rubbish Zoo EP is up on Spotify!
Random ; i always thought Tupac was cute. The only male that look good with a nose piercing!
ugh, my stomach.
So sorry, Maura.
I can't believe tomorrow is December 1st! Is time speeding up? 2012 is only a breath away. Time waits for no one, it runs by its own clock.
Hello my name is Mrs.Malik:)
let's go
“: Men, don't be afraid to surround yourselves with wise women, and don't be afraid to listen to them.”
Hoping you can help me spread the word about my shows at the Comedy Cave next week. Would love to chat with you guys!
Great things cooking with , literally! Stay tuned
twitter inside jokes are the best! thanks for sharing
Trying to ball in this soccer tourney this weekend
Could the ravens trade back?
alright thanks.
Obama is highlighted in our film, Y'all should screen it at events.
I bet a troll equates to anyone who don't agree with you..correct?
Hamas sure know how to raise children who love peace. Poor kids are brainwashed. Israel must finish off Hamas!
Who's the highest jumping twitter follower I have following me? Is it you?
maybe it was buy one get one free?
Up at 2 in the morning talking on the phone with on the phone for over 3 hours.
I wish I can record the beautiful moments in life with my mind.
- Roses are on their way! See you in June!
Danica: "you and me, we're not friends, you crashed my car" Convo with crew cheif
we miss you too!
Fraser marathon. Such a good show! It's crazy to think it was on 11 years ago.
hey, that's practically the same route I did last night!
Want to get two months of Latisse for only $85? Ask me how!
Not a TD if ruled so philly gets robbed
Give these guys a follow! Great place to see upcoming events!
A lot of buyers are starting their #home search in earnest this month. Are you ready to sell your home?
#HungerForUnger!!! :D please follow me! #HungerForUnger! :)
after i finish watchin dis movie wit her ima take a long nap im tired and i just mite turn my phone off....
#R.I.P Damel but who is that?
My best friend <3 :')
for sure
FYI..When in the shower DON'T use your teeth to open the shampoo.. yuck...though the bubbles were quite entertaining!
living in the moment. are you too?
puppy can sniff it from ovah there?!
Str8 up I think the only thing that keeps me not bored is work:/
Thanks, man! We appreciate that!
Marc - I don't think it's about the platform. Citizen participation requires commitment and a shift in our current culture.
happy birthday! 24
Talent show canceled.......
Debt is stopping you from being successful and doing what God has called you to do.
did u click the link
well i changed it so u can keep it if u want
and thats why i love you and your infectious music(: forget about the assholes in ETF they are where they are because of you
Since your comments about I bought the soundtrack. So many great songs & fun memories! Thnks 4 sharing!
Can I be that someone? RT : I just need some assurance that someone out there still has hope in me.
The best things about is that you're in for an awesome show no matter which you choose! :)
In 1 year the use of CFLs over incandescent bulbs removes as much greenhouse gas pollution as taking 2 million cars off the road
this is the day! We are making big moves! Glad to have you on board!
Not too late to join us at the Ward 5 straw poll
Charlie for President! Could I get 2 tickets for the show tonight?
yes...Good. she is the head of hyd times
pianist powers the San Diego Symphony in a compelling, even revelatory, all-Liszt program
just posted up cool photos of a Soleus Watch, another Austin Based company to look out for.
What's the good word Feddie?
9 out of 10 men prefer a girl with a big butt. The 10th man prefers the other 9 men.
What's the crime scene activity near Temple this morning? Roads blocked. Live trucks. Mobile CSU..
nigga that's disgusting!
She is soo cute & she looks just like him. Lol.
We will be announcing our director very soon!
A habit is repetitive behavior-
where can I find me one of them? ;)
anyone playing golf this weekend?
They all have "Private" FB's & then they had the FB they added fans to! Jamie can't take the stress!
no work tonight! Taking family out for #wisconsinfishfry bring on the
Me too. I was actually terrified until he got home.
Happy Birthday!
andreson cooper making fun out of polish ppl that wasn't cool at all It's like we would make fun out of american dressing upfor Halloween
Thank you Troy! I was just talking with a friend about how much I miss OKC! Hope you and your family are well.
Heading out to see Kevin Smith tonight? A handcrafted cocktail made by our #mixologist will start your evening out right.
Happy Birthday!!!! <3
If you're still in the market for a last minute mother's day gift, book mom a tour from the times available on our site. You're welcome!
are you in? “: I'm going to start replacing the word "now" with the word "meow" right... meow.”
haha fine no soup for you
“ Went on Facebook and seen some raggedy prom pictures. Sheesh. Busted and disgusted.”
Don't know how I feel about #hungergames. District 11 uprising scene was by far the best scene of the movie. Very well done. Terrible CGI
Touchdown Wisconsin!
Rodney O and Joe Cooley - But You Don't Hear Me Tho RT favorite old school west coast songs?
Home from church <3
interested in some free speechdom this sunday, 4/22 or 4/29? love to have you back before you leave our shores.
I'm sorry I guess I don't know simple algebra
If you haven't yet! Follow for updates on the tour!
delish no gluten no sugar cookies are now avail for celiacs Yes To Cookies.com we want to send you some David inventor
True story: I run to/from BART on a daily basis
"do not dismiss US' intervention in Africa in regards to natural resources and "supposed" terrorists"
#sfgiants pull off big win in the 11th vs #mbrewers!
Thanks to the superbowl and Wes Welker, Klout believes I are influential about New England Patriots. The internet is fun.
morning Keith!!
Us too! RT I'm saving my little bit of shopping for tomorrow. Small business Saturday. I was happy to pass up the packed malls.
Giving thoughts to the thoughtful.
Talking is a good, and unexpected start, but for #guru -dom #scotch and #polarbears will get you further here's looking at 20
Nearing the Big Bangs Decision of '09... stalking hairstyle photos online and popping my face into those virtual makeover tools.
Great event last night - thanks for hosting !
you think George Feeney and Wilson Wilson ever get together and drink, like "our neighbors suck"
Finding a key to paradise
Thanks for the follow!
Speaking of yard signs...
Travel, of course, narrows the mind.- Malcolm Muggeridge. (I have to think of this one)
RT 500 SC2 beta keys going to our biggest #SC2fan Told my son to pick up ANYTHING SC2 that he can get his hands on at BlizzCon
He likes her, she likes him, everyone knows. Except them. -_-
Real. What's been good and how's the line coming along?
Chinese takeout, a bottle of wine & Sex and the City...with my dog. This is what my life has become
Work in a min!!! I love my job
Happy Sunday Funday everyone!
"Advertising was, is, and always will be, a result of people. Human beings. Creative minds that can uncover insights and then turn...
me too! In London at dinner in SoHo & Brit boys were going on about "A List" & TJ. I put 2 & 2 together & realized it was you!
Today was heeeella fun;D I really wanna join student council now.
Thanks for the mention, hope all is well with you!
You are the greatest thing, the greatest thing since bread came sliced
We are doing our usual ritual for celebratory brunches: homemade #chocolate chunk scones and cardamom
What happens in Vegas stays in your conscious.
"Stop and face your battles! If you run the problem only increases!" - Some guy getting chased by zombies
Estate Sales are the New Rock 'N' Roll says Get It Gone Estate Sales PPL --
And I own the store.
the Schedule C on free fillable forms is not calculating the first few line to get Gross Profit what to do?
Went to twice in the last two days because of bigotry & stupid boycott. Thanks to all companies that support equality
Henry Ian Cusick on #Fringe was the best thing I've seen since Henry Ian Cusick was on #Lost. 1 of the best episodes of #Fringe yet!
I wanna fishing... Whose DTF ??? lol
hey are you #newtotwitter or can you tell me how this crap works! Lol go vikes! Lol
I am the most un-flexible person you will ever meet.
For all you film/tech buffs, Cheftable will be filmed using a Cannon Mark 2
Congratulations on the award...couldn't possibly imagine anyone else in the league more deserving....
Love? Is everyone really looking for love?
i talked to the cutest guy ever.... ugh. i should have given him my number! damn! ive never been swooned over someone like this!
Love STRAP! Can I quote you in my dissertation???
How in the Hell can you try and sell USED manuscript paper? Does that even make sense?
I've seen girls at school worried to complain about much worse for fear of being ridiculed or dismissed. Our society has problems.
Heat/Knicks game
Thanks Paul #yeahwedo! RT : Happy birthday !! :)
we are happy to give to such an important organization. Thank you!
where the bo at in Vegas I kno u kno... And Wats marlon contact ??
WOOH. You hear the rain?
Yeah but 7th graders don't like to stop hating! :p
#AtNight I get a burst of energy. Kinda annoying. Kinda useful.
I'm so NOT ready to say goodbye to the bestest boss EVER, Michael Scott :(
looks like I got the OK for Chilton beer fest this Sunday. You?
are u watching in 2d or 3d? And imax?
We love #NYC too, that's why we live here ;-)
im not looking for a response actually im just enjoying talking to you xD. hit my facebook hun
those Epic Rap Battles of History are funny. I even made a request on a few of those vids for Colonel Mustard VS Colonel Sanders.
RT : MT : demoing #Genesyslab mobile solution at #gforceamer <<will Genesys post a video of the demo?...
RT : "Providing coupons is #1 reason fans follow a company in B2C. Providing content/education works best for B2B"
damn it I lost my phone... now Im fucking upset and shit
~ Hug a fireman, I just did ;)
Yeah, Black Veil Brides are gimmicky, but they love their fans and that's okay by me
I just signed up for a twitter account. THATcamp made me do it.
thanks! The whole crew made it happen though - great work all!
watching "Grown Folks" on Netflix....ahahhaha
I am really glad that they remembered a nose opening.
#askObama Ans 14: Privatization of schools? Every pubic investment pays off multi-fold. Need to get priorities straight.
Thanks for the mention!
Tomorrow is Beyonce first mother's day
just knock them upside the head, then they'll listen! lol
Are you injoying the snow??(:!
Smiling extra hard ( :
My Hawaiian luau wedding reception countdown continues...10 days left until the party in Michigan!
I like him so much as to put him on top of the list;)
So glad you exist
Shopping for shoes with Nalani looking at heels She says "Mom I can fit size five women's"...
yey... snow! I think we are suppose to get a foot... awesome!
They're not all gold, people. And if they were, I would totally sell them. Have you seen the price of gold???
I don't understand why didn't win or why isn't in this years finale. #AmericanIdol you confuse me.
Honestly I'm bored ah. Just tweet me pics of yourself instead so I can just ship all of you then.. :P
That is our new lair, and we are pumped. We used to hunt for empty classrooms (most of which had great acoustics, btw!)
Giving him what he want isnt easy but I always give him wat he need
just saw ur tumblr, love it!
PRODUCERS!!! CONTACT US ABOUT YOUR PUBLISHING NEEDS
She waking me up talking bout she scared
as you and I well know, yardsigns are nothing to go by. I'm just looking at the overall direction of your tweets/actions.
If u trust yo girl or man then life will b easier for everyone
"if you dont say it in the streets dont say it in ya tweets, if you dont say it when we meet don't say it on a beat"
Patient alert and in good condition.
Hmm. I'll need to look deeper into my privacy controls. How was Startup Weekend?!
I hope you be happy *bHADD)
No school tomorrow yea going sleep all day :)
oh we definitely will!
We just got some new *Dixie Soda*
Aiight keep me posted bra.
Last year's restaurant week is when I discovered The Blue Fin in the W hotel (Times Square) AWE----some seafood!
I am awake, weather cooler, I caught up on some sleep. Back on my grind, on the money trail!!!!
is back on the reality train - yup, Winter is here. Feel that cold air!!
I heard some deep quotes today. Heads up if you see any on your TL.
Come check out our Adult drop-in classes today! Today's featured classes: Move your body with Adult Salsa or Reggaeton Hip-Hop!!
Not very gentlemanly
man u till going to michigan w/ me this weekend? Lol.
Manure in a healthy pasture (marriage) that is watered and maintained will cause growth, not decay !!!
out the shower
Good Morning. Bags are packed for next emergency. Sun, Moon, Wind etc,,
Congratulations to the team for receiving 's Innovation award!
Badgers had me worried for a while there. Up by 21 now with 8:30 to go.
I don't do much these days. But always good to remember tricks. Have a great weekend!
that is true, , everyone knows how much you like to get your burrito
thanks so much. you da man!
just got FB friended by slew of former NYC students who were in my class on 9/11...reminds me that school was a safe place for them & for me
So dissapointed in you, boy! Why would you do that? #subtweet! -_____-
NEW spring/summer menu rolls out tonight! EVerything looks so yummy and the Southwest Chicken Salad I just had was AMAZING
You're very welcome! Have a great weekend :)
and the show just uses the phrase "human centipede" - i cant.
Like!! RT : We've got to have a dream if we are going to make a dream come true. Denis Waitley
how can I get it to you before this weekend?!
Happy birthday you sloppy pickle!
Kelly Clarkson tickets just past 4:45 today with the End of the Workday Giveaway. The game today is Liar Liar Pants on Fire!!! ~boomer
awesome man well we have a free lunch for you when you're ready. Just as for Mario. Thanks for being a customer
WHEN I GET HOME IM DOING MY RT'S FOR WHICH PERSON IN THE CREW YOU LOOK GOOD W/ + A PICTURE. RT >THAT< TWEET (:
I have a love-hate relationship with money. Usually hate because I never have any. But I'm working on a plan to move back!
No bullish... Only real conversations
Let me tell you how awesome it is to wake up and see my team on
hahahahahaha, i fucking wish. one small issue-i have 2 tons of homework to do still:|
Money is a commodity that is not to be coveted or squandered unwisely.Its value lies not in what it buys, but what is done with it to Bless.
I still cut up the plastic holders for six pack sodas.shows the power of the environmental message after 25 years
You didn't have to be close to smell his stench.
yeah if his woman bashing wasn't bad enough now he is bashing good music..shameful
WTF? Geezer next door sound like he's sucking the insides out of his foundation. Seriously strange, loud sounds...
Omg ruben blades is on 106 & park!!!!! This is so coo!! And he was dancing with rosci with her fine self
Hillsborough Titles owner, Aaron Davis, is going to be on the Duncan Duo Real Estate Show on WFLA970am Sunday morning at 10 am. Tune in!
just got around to reading newest post- so proud of their accomplishments, totally can relate to them and the journey, bravo!
you don't think so?
No #BeerDiplomacy tonight, as lost his voice...
The only thing missing from #SuperBowl halftime show is a bucket of pig's blood falling from the rafters in slow-motion.
Any bank can usually do it. Otherwise stop by my office. RT : Wheres the quickest place to get something notarized in MKE?
One more day of "work." So far in the first hour, the phone rang twice and we got coffee. That's about all the work that'll get done today.
Just Dance 3 was one of the best Christmas presents ever. Better than spending an hour in the gym!
#smokeweedeveryday just came on the car radio shutout to
Let's go Bucs!
how was your vaca?
Hey what's up ? You and your friends coming to the karaoke/spoken word show tonight at iLounge? 8pm. 1287 D Glenwood Ave, ATL
(jen) Spent the morning training my new assistant. It's always cumbersome at first, but then: DELEGATION BLISS.
Hustling ain't just selling drugs
Are you guys watching the X-factor today? A lot of beautiful and talented people out there!
I HATE being corrected. But it feels so damn good coming from
Quote taken
Had a Nice Work Out
We are almost to our first 100 Ranchhand registrations for summer 2011. Who will be number 100. We'll let you know!
Why am I so repulsed by Coachella 2013 announcements on Monday? Making me wish someone will die or break up before the show.
what song gets your blood pumpin when working out???
I don't understand why I'm up.
Females Are Strangers You Meet “Inside” The Club. Police Officers Are Strangers You Meet “Outside” The Club.
Toats gonna fail this math taks
So I got a letter from Kohl's saying I wasn't approved because I didn't have a credit score. Well duh, I'm only 20. #nocreditcards <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Went to kings island yesterday
I'm sitting behind the NJ Atty Gen. Jeffrey Chiesa. Maybe he wants to be friends & bond over Bon Jovi & Jersey Shore?
foreall!! Haha I can't stand any team in Oklahoma!!
Hey Mone ! Long time no talk to. Give us a shout when you are able. Hope all is well... glad to see you on twitter...
If you don't know Reignwolf, check him out and get on the bandwagon. He's only recording with Soundgarden's rhythm section, no big deal.
when you start singing "turkey in the straw" you know it is time to go home...open until 8pm tonight!
“: worked hard to change lots of old hat misconceptions about communication and co-production.”
We are pleased to announce that Jerome James O'Brien has joined as a Salesperson
Maybe you should get into the batting cage first bro. Just sayin. RT I've learned how to rap. I need to get into the studio.
Good Morning from Baltimore! Go Devils!!! RT : Good morning! Happy Friday. Where are the happy #NJDevils fans this morning?
Gabe is a night stocker at H.E.Bree
Houston I have a solution for your IRS ISSUE
Chris Davis is not on my good side tonight.
For every finish-line tape a runner breaks - complete with the cheers of the crowd and the clicking of hundreds of cameras - there are...
you remembered your password anyway, that's something.
Hahah yeah don't forget the smells and sounds the mountain make when theyre's and earthquake haha oh I love natures crack !*)
that's a great view bro
absolutely ridiculous!
is it bad that I can't stop eating Christmas cookies?
Happy Birthday ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Riding in the subway isn't as bad as you would think.
The awk moment Brett Howell has more Taylor swift songs on his iPod more than I do #freakinlovehim!!!
orientation next tuesday
Many toddlers have chubby cheeks and plump arms, but how much fat is too fat? Most mothers don't know. I have details on at 10 & 11.
Couple candles lit, wine cooler in hand, kicking back and relaxing!
same here #lakergang :) how yu been??
OSEA CRAVING bring me some to The #north campus
WOO HOOOO!!!! LET'S GO CAPS
..but w the new fence the opening isnt large enough for the truck so they dump in n partial out garden on the sidewalk
Just received "Sick from Freedom" by Jim Downs from Oxford University Press. Haven't done a book review on the site, but see one coming!
so excited for #Scream4 tonight! Is joining us?
hey you must be a parking ticket cuz you got fine written all over you:P
they rocked I was in the back at the Bar standing up, Showbox is a great venue small with great sound
How can I trust again?
Happy Birthday Charles Dickens!
Of course!! Definitely no football on here! ;-)RT : What else would I possibly be doing?
- i'm still twit-stupid ;-) I have a msg from you, but no clue how to find it. Halp! :0) (Maybe i'm just a twit? ;-))
actually really pissed off. not at anyone in particular just in general. shitest Friday ever.
I need to get more than one tufted titmouse, then. Thanks for the tip! :-)
Morning. :D This is the earliest I've ever been awake this entire summer.
Haven't Met You Yet - Michael Bublé #np This song doe >>>
Just saw Harry Potter the way God intended. As a Christian musical Hilarious!
Had a gator in my garden yesterday. What a riot. He wasn't happy to see me!
omg ryan hollins is in game for boston haha
Holy hell some restaurants are a cluster. This is pure mayhem and confusion and they seem to be messing up everyone's order. Damn.
I think I'm going Saturday with my brother & dad & Eric. :) Belated birthday PARTAY.
Congrats to former Jax resident Raiko Bowman for her role as Peeta's Mom in The Hunger Games premiering 3/23!
alright, imma have to send a sampler and let him see what's poppin. U get them numbers on paper for MR NORTH EDITION? Lol
When I had my son, I read Twilight aloud to him. With my daughter, it's Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter. I sense a theme...
i wish i didn't like J. Lo's new song. but i really like it!
Did you use a PDF of the program? I'm keen to do the same! Paperless conference FTW.
U have to like your songs,before others do.U have to be in love with your voice before others do.Believe in your project and others will do.
We met at #NYTtravelshow promoting #AirCruise - interesting concept.
In session to learn more about CampusGuides
In June there will be a new Mob Wives set in Chicago!! I am beside myself with yays!! #mobwiveschicago cc
So sick of this damn rain!!
Georgia roasted RaeDeen!! "you so dumb, you went to the dentist for a Bluetooth" lmao
Marissa is still doing hw I feel so bad!
congrats and thx:) same to u!
Never open up to anyone. Never let anyone know you weaknesses or flaws because the minute you do, they use them against you.
#BoyzGoCupid totally worth the wait. loveyuguys FOLLOW?
Just another reason why I don't give out glassware. Selling Pepsi and Iced Tea out of the never increases my beer sales.
What is this?!
Daddy Hoy why don't you lay your head in my dirty pillows while you call Bob Moore.
Another #yalit gem: Matched by Can't get enuf dystopian lit! Fab tool for higher level questioning!
No Fairr ........ Has More Tweets Than Me!
Goddard reminds us we always watching a movie.
What's everybody doing tonight?
Eddie Kingston defends the NWA Heritage Championship against Green Ant next.
It was his pre-airport stop in Mt. Lebo.
NO YOU'RE NOT.
y'all got some money
Don't forget to follow us on Twitter !!!
I would very much agree
Back to work! Can't wait for paycheck next week, over 120 hrs... Need new clubs then golfing with the beautiful !!!
I hope everyone had a great weekend!
Not studying tonight
I fucking hate these fucking flashback memories.
Hey. It's morning..... dope (:P that's a dope smiley face with a hat
Listening to music then going to bed. Night twitter.(:
My next show is this Friday at the Dog & Pony Grill in Boerne, TX, 6-9pm, full band! Woohoo!
Avengers is a 2hr and 35 min erection
NAwww since you only have 2 friends
I think it hit him in the back of the neck tho:
Texas always looks like a fun track
I would love it! :) She will be here on June 2nd so I will have to wait my turn.
We always enjoy our Sorella visits! RT : Looking forward to hosting tonight at Sorella!
"The Wire" is on a list of things that make Americans cool. Good job, Charm City! mbist.ro/qJLKu8 - via
My sister made me smell one of her fruit scented markers and now I feel sick hate those kinds of stuff -_-
How is this guy gonna tell me ive changed when he never even knew me in the beginning ?
Leaving new orleans tomorrow, then moving to Vegas ASAP I'm thinking with in a month, fuck Austin.
My moms bought me a 12 pack of Arnold Palmer
Seeing the hunger games again
what you mean sam pulled out? what did you shoot? and where the hell where yous playing, worlds hardest course?
Hey...thanks for following but I don't use this account. I tweet about marketing/mobile/social from - Brian
Much props to "The Grove" shopping center in L.A. they have banned Manny Pacquiao from stepping foot on property for his homophobic rants
Cody Jasper is one his generations best guitarists.
too late!! I bought my tickets forever ago for Coldplay
2tragic my group yea buddy
In German we read sentences and this kid goes, 'So does that sentence mean ''im going to open up your sister?'' o_O
trying to get the idea trending but it will take a while since only three of us are doing it right now. good luck on your finals
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mothers out there!!! Much love!
I am pillaging the villagers in my bananapants.
Thanks for ReTweetin' Poised Creation!
I'm surprised there's no article on Gameinforemr. com about it.
I was starting to get geeked for that nigga
kind of catchy, though, isn't it?
Yo restaurants/food trucks/food people/etc: If you're offering Tax Day specials, tweet me. Making a list. Making plans. And so on.
": i don't really facetime anymore >.<" ill give u f.t ;)
True. Unfortunately it sometimes flies away just when we need it :)
WOW!!! I thought I was the only one who thought that way....thnx
Yes, my fantasy team needs him. RT : Maybe you could come up w/Top 10 ways Philip Rivers can stay alive in Chicago
What does it mean to you that we have added several cars recently? It means next time you need a ride, we should be your 1st choice.
ready for tomorrows show at 216 Main Stage! Oh yeah!
Yea I'm pretty crazy alright I was crazy for settling with u a guy with no high school diploma, no car, no job! Wow I was crazy
Got ya | RT Yo praying for my little sis been sick for a while now. Pray for my little sis.
Also, I don't know about you, but I didn't assault anybody for being "different" when I was 16
Day after Easter... Those of us who follow Jesus -- let's try to keep the LOVE alive and give up on the political stuff... LOVE not judgment
Happy New Year to everyone from Killer B's MixHouse!
#TIIP4P Gen. Rick Lynch US Army "a mentor is accessible, truly listens, and truly cares"
you just don't understand the excitement I get prior to reading your tweets
Tweet me a number and I will rate you !
is stoked to be back w/ Kubrick's 'Full Metal Jacket' all weekend & a special (and FREE FOR ALL) presentation on Sunday.
Unsubscribe RT : Why We Should All Be Rooting for Notre Dame (And the rest of the week in College Football)
Haha!!! Some one is dress up as Harry and Voldamor and they are dueling in the movie theater lobby!!!
We will be @ Baltimore & Greene with GrrChee. Shake and a Reuben !!!'
it's worth the wait
Hahaha, watching the recording of #TheWeekendShow because I missed the beginning... lmao the starting music with the "please stand by" xD
TOTAL ENVY!
lol we are in the same boat
Thanks for the follow. Look forward to seeing you on the 22nd at the Education Think Tank event in NYC
It's not as cold as it looks. Great afternoon in Petworth with
we look forwards to reading it! Thanks for your interest. “: Yes, yes, and yes! CL/res coming your way shortly!”
Had a great time with & onsite at today. Thanks so much for making the trip!
is talking about you are your ears ringing?
Home alone -.-
revolutions cannot be imagined until they happen
people need to just worry about themselves, then think u did them wrong when u fuss them out!
What a night! This country boy here is #TeamNoSleep, but that lil cutie I seen awhile ago passed out haha..#ImBad and Good at it
yep, won't ever forget your interesting moves on the diamond…
No problem!!
"Good design IS accessible design." - John Slatin
RT Brandon Roy is playing and will start
Any of the Town and Country Markets, like Ballard Market, should have it.
If your a bird, imma bird. <3
Thanks veterans for fighting for us
Damn Dallas.....
#ProudOf1D This needs to trend!
Three months to #USMS summer nationals!
yes it is, I'm not complaining. It's good to be here!
IM FUCKING GOING TO ROBLOX RALLY AND IM GONA BITCH SLAP THEM ALL
Funny they keep strikeforce but no Pride FC
Thanks Cynthia!
i know! I saw it yesterday... hysterical. I wish we had thought of that :)
um hi?
oh cool. Im not a bieber fanatic like i used to be n i dnt rele listen to his music anymore.. But im still a fan.
I'm finally heading home from school like after 12 hours here. This. Is. My. Life. Sad huh? I know :'(
yeah cause I'm just a naturally nice person unlike you.
Someone broke into 14 SUVs last night at the Braley Graham dealership and jacked their GPS units... the story is coming up at 5
you bored? lol.
haha no way!!
TY for the RT. Have a great Monday!
About to welcome our incoming students to Niagara County Community College!
Cloverdale's Citrus Fair is in full swing. Time to party and watch the parade!
17 years and i flew my first kite all by myself
Low battery warning - hoping to hold out until the end of this presentation
Okay! :D
#aam2012 3rd floor. Past the Damien hirst piece. That's where you'll find the awesome music, bar and FUN!!!!!
RT Tigers are 1st team in #MLB history to win at least 5 of its 1st 6 games in a season w/out 1 victory by a starting pitcher
So proud of Jamie for getting his M.A. this evening! Now out for a classy night in good ole Greeley!!
Thought for the day: Give a man a gun and he can rob a bank. Give a man a bank and he can rob the world.
looking for my prom shoes then maybe sleeping at my friends tomorow night, do you watch austins ustream ?? (=
Good luck to everyone racing at IMNO this weekend!! Jealous
Hey imma #Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please! <3 :)) #CarlyRaeJepsen #CallMeMaybe 6
Thanks for joining us tonight!
omg I got excited for a second I thought I had moose tracks in my freezer :(
Dream time y'all
its actually a fruit
srry I couldn't find my iPod and I was at a football game so srry but I'll post it's today promise :) <3
Exactly. VA top quarter made only 3% more than bottom quarter as teachers, but 19% more as ex-teachers.
join the percussionists, we don't do shit
thnks“ know i speak for many others- really enjoyed your podcasts. Very sorry to see it go. I'll keep following you on twitter.”
Left Karst half an hour ago and he's already texting me.
lol...you will thank me when your 60..lol
I love it. My mom's weeding
Yes engineers and scientists can be great artists!
every weekend I work during the day to make money and I spend it all at night smh
#Onlyinmovies Can any lock can be picked by a credit card or a paper clip in seconds.
Equal authorship, and your comment about Russ is spot on!
What is your least favorite aspect of planning your child's party? #kidsparties RT
I just tried to play "maje" on my scrabble board. Can Mandana please call Webster?
Dec. 29, 1675: King of England attempts to ban coffee houses because they are "the resort of idle and disaffected persons."
Going to be in Tampa for two weeks starting 4/30. Who do I know there? Lol
Do you ever wish you had a handful of stickers that just say "Dumbass" on them to hand out to people?
lions, cowboys, and niners. Done deal.
From ur hose!
Last night's Board session: among the Brevard Museum of History & Natural Science's newest Board of Trustees members and new Board VP - ME!!
I've been doing the writing feedback inside Camtasia. Do you know of any easy way to get G-Docs to an iPad or Dropbox?
Well now I'm 21 and 1 day. What now?
repeating the love, nice :)
oh what. Then whyd he get arrested?
Mirage. Close to everything.
is singing in the bathroom and i walk by like....omg its an angel:) #ComeSingOutHere #YoureAmazing :)
Not in an election year RT Will #Obama be forced to respond to violent crackdown on #Zucotti Park?
Enjoyed a rainy muddy Kickball win!
My Question is where has Gary Sinise been? For real though!
Fallen captive plays at 10:00 tonight at the outpost in Kent. $8 at the door. Come "hang" ;)
You never lose by loving. You always lose by holding back. -Barbara De Angelis
"Your product is dazzling." Comment from actual professor. Stop by Booth 323 for a demo of our online primary source reader.
My moves are 1000 times sweeter than the Dougie.
do you know what the #bestbandintheworld is ONE DIRECTION!!! <33333
you know you're old when you're excited to get new business cards but don't remember the last time you bought a shirt (and by you i mean me)
thank you Rich! As a Clevelander we appreciate it. F the national media. Great trade for the Cowboys though!
free weed<3
Why did you tell them that?? I told you never to tell anyone!!
I like it. It's compulsively readable. The fact that only some cell phones seem to work - that Rennie controls info as...
how is it snowing in NYC and not in Oslo? I'm in Scandinavia, I should be the one in the snow!!
already have my ears I've listen to them all and will be purchasing most of them great work keep them coming!
"Business" is the first and most important word in "business casual." Dress like you're going to work, not a sporting event or club.
Dear May 25, Please come soon. Aaron Black and I need a vacation soon and you can't get here fast enough. Thanks, Rebecca Black
2012 sucks balls so far. I'm only thinking that it's getting all of these low points out of the way so really rad stuff can happen later.
Today's water taxi trip is a tad bit sloshy.
Another killer screening in Atlanta, great crowd, amazing reaction, and the film is twice as fun the second time!:) #DETENTION 4 LIFE!!!
I'm willing to bet anything that Jeff Suppan shuts down the #Brewers this afternoon.
a person who runs up stairs with no reason looks 'tarded.
hit me up
wasn't your dinosaurs name spot?
One Direction is being sued?! That's so stupid. Suing them is not going to make you more famous. Just give them the name!
on the 950: Washington baffled in fog this morning. So unusual when Congress is in town.
Why are none of my friends in portland... As in the few that I have
sad but true smh RT ": #Leo's can be intense and super reactive but are quick to regret the tongue lashings they dole out."
lol It's also my dad's bday manana
Balsamo: "new technologies don't obliterate previous modes of reading" #hla11 conference theme "future of reading"
typical Saturday night
Nope, Chuck Testa. RT : Holy Crap! I just ran into one of the coolest teachers ever! Mr. Chuck Theado!!!
hell yea that could put somebody ass in hospital if that mulf*ck#* dnt go down with out u f*#ken sumbody
I just poured my coffee with my left hand so it would feel like someone else was doing it.
From " has about as much chance of successfully managing device business as had of running an OS business."
have you subscribed to MLSLIVE? what is your user name? What device are you using? Where are you located
I Think I Gotta Fetish.... For Getting BlowJob Type Shit
YAR is ON A STICK cuz YAR HAVE NO FRIENDS.
Shit!!! #StuckWithKendallGillRT : there is no national broadcast in Chicago.
You're website is terrific!
Do you have a link for where all of the MLK speeches are located (that you just reported about)?
I'm Derrick, went to CSUN, drive a Camaro, but rode a skateboard… I do have a bike in my avi though.
The wind woke me up & it's a good thing cause my garbage can was making a run for it down the street *I know your motives now you can!*
are you watching family feud? carol looks like a no-nonsense type of lady..
I am happy. That's just the saddest lie
Why does my comfy couch have such control of me today!!!??
That's the one I was thinking of when I said Broken Glass... I was close!
I love working with Cliff Barrows! Just finished recording a couple of radio programs with him.
This NBA game is phenomenal!!!
"Success is never owned; it is only rented – and the rent is due everyday" from new book by friend on
Long phone call with a drunk friend. Who left mult messages. Asking me what phone to buy. Then arguing over each point. Seriously?!?....
NEW BEATLES REMASTERS! THOUGHTS?
Thank you for the mentions! More updates to come :)
how about stratplay games instead of serious games? Strategic games also sounds too serious, but playful games sounds too casual
Wow! That's an amazing sign! We'd love a photo or a copy of it :D
lol, you always seem to take the hard way by fixing them...
just like sag-aftra, we are empowering the actor...
yes it is. Society is the ugly one
have you met me!? No Master of the mental arts has been able to get a hold of me, but they've never asked about my noodles.
Books - Japanese Foods That Heal: Using Traditional Japanese ...: This page provides information about 'Books - Japanese Foods That H...
Real Shit Bro
Watching and dish on Twitter at #ssms,
Those who think the know everything annoy those of us who do.
Brrrrrr I just can't warm up today!
Can't wait for my OTB date with my lovers tomorrow <U+E30C><U+E32C><U+E51F>
Another tat tomorrow
The Hunger Games movie SUCKed with a capital SUCK. Is Gale 37 years old??
I want that.
what flophouse can I see you interviewed by Carson Daly, 53rd and 3rd?
Editors- No Sound But The BOHH
Follow , the coolest cat in #Milwaukee, ya digg!!!
Do it!! RT : I have $66 in a shopping cart on Etsy...they've been sitting there for 3 days...do I purchase?
Is it available online? I'd love to see it.
I just downloaded the latest for us.
Now I know what to eat with my beer!
floating idea of a joint or overlapping KUDOS and Evergreen conference in 2013
Thanks for the feature! Glad you like the site
Had a blast at Summer Solstice Beer Fest... I'm pretty sure is all Hop on Topped out :)
It's the weekend and you're too busy or too tired to cook - so pick up the phone or head on into The Original Big Tomato! We've got what you
Whine whine whine. You should be pumped because you get to work with me today!
?? I think they privilege communities with mass transit--could be that...
After brief observation, Councilor Kennedy leaves the courtroom.
AJ Burnett... the ERA on its way up again.
I do not comprehend the #hungergames craze! I read the book and while it was well written the content was downright evil. Please explain!
'single' doesn't always mean you're lonely... Just like being in a 'relationship' doesn't always mean you're happy.
can you imagine Eric Hosmer pranking Bruce Chen in a gorilla suit
Thanks! Glad you like the food!!
please follow me?!?!? 143 please RT or follow me i wud be happy for the rest of my life if youwud just notice me? ;)
Sun is shining bright and it's meant for us , life is like a ride on a party bus turn the radio up and sing along with it !
Time to win!!!! Misplaced Spring Break! Get your booty to Disneyland and get park hopper passes! 9,1,5 and 7.
Ths is hw old I am: talkn to 15yr olds & said "Once u all start playgng your tapes u dnt hear anyone" 'Huh?' "Well I mean cd's, well~IPods"
crossed into CA at my favorite time of day, sun setting below (crescent moon rising above) the mtns
RT :Join us on Facebook for the premiere of the #ChooseYou documentary, co-produced by Hilary Swank –tonight at 9 RSVP
clearly, the P100 is a point & shoot Mike, not an SLR
Thanks so much!
Just finished watching the last episode of Boardwalk Empire...now that's really f'd up!
It is too bad that the adjective "whiggish" is not used more often.
Words of advice: Never fly AirTran. And don't get a layover in Atlanta.
Jeff Kaplan GREAT comment #saas and #cloud revolution is around a new type of economic model, not just technology
um your avi is to much for me to handle chuck! LMAO!
WILL DO!!! LIVE IT UP TONIGHT!
She also read the books and was far more understanding than I was of why certain difficult moments had to happen.
Probably not tho
Contact B.C.N. today at www.bcnconcepts.com
“Your life is your message to the world. Make it inspiring.” - Lorrin L. Lee
you can give them my address it sure ain't for me..
Bowling today!
they just opened one in the pedway downtown by where I work.
I'm in bed chillin
bro where u been? How's life in the chi?
i just miss my red head when he is gone lol
I just fell in love with all over again. Whisper Minaj lyrics like a soft melody. Ugh be still my heart.
Only 10 days until the first holiday of the Summer Memorial Day. Get trained in #scuba privately when you hook up with me. Free pics
The way everyone wants to see my little one already >>>> I wanna see him too.
nothing ever changes.
Are you coming down to the #goodexchange fashion show and clothing swap? Doors at 5:30!
oh really I thought they put it on androids already nd same here I've had it on my iPod nd now on my ipad
Hal o'scream tomorrow! I'm so excited :D
The imagination is never governed, it is always the ruling and divine power. -John Ruskin
Stop bein nasty.
May my name taste like sh*t n ur mouth.
watching the godfather, pretty sick!!!!
Thank you everybody for your love and support!
yes it's cold and sticky and they didn't even clean it off good
people get weird about team follow back.
But Haley's bday for the real cinco! Have a good weekend, folks.
At any rate, let us love for a while, for a year or so, you and me. That's a form of divine drunkenness that we can all try.
what u been doin
Peace is a cool drink amidst the chaos of busyness, and emotions, and a twittering mind.
It is sad and revealing that has fewer followers than me.
lemme find out that not everyone went in with the #OkeMadness .. smfh
everytime i get the chance to go to sleep early i stay up all night doing absolutely nothing and eventually regret it in the morning
that's good to hear. Thank you once again :)
I hate that feeling when you close your eyes to apply shampoo, and get paranoid that someone will kill you in the shower. :P
ready 4 worship @ New Hope UMC been a long time since I led Sunday Morning worship and 2 new songs Ive not played yet will B interesting :)
she knows b/c I had to order them for her. So she is going too! You'll have to tell me all about #uwmdf when you get back!
my dad's the same way; mom, however...i'm really nervous, but i want it so bad. what did you decide on?
I currently have no concerts scheduled until mid-July. Have a feeling that probably won't last.
Tried to make somebody care for you they way I do, is like trying to catch the rain. If love is really forever in a winner at a losing game.
Goodbye Yermo! Headed to Vegas w/ behind w/ bringing up the rear!
Some of us attended. We promoted the action here & on our website. We are in solidarity w/, & all riders!
Looks like it down right now.
that looks like a great place for a wedding.
Can I bribe you to bring some back for a flu-ridden non- attendee? Perhaps with a Baller Stout?
you suck
"Regardless of who you are or what you have been, you can be what you want to be." W. Clement Stone
JAAYYYY KAY! is on TOMORROW 7:40 AM ! AH! He's probs in Chicago ... right now...!
I guess I should actually listen to music instead of just sitting in front of my computer with my headphones on.
The bobcats are a disgrace to the NBA
good! A little nice sesh of relaxation! + Strawberries with whipped cream= awesome. :) how are you?
expecting is my favorite crime. Disappointment is always my punishment.
FBCD on the move
Watch they dnt get up for breakfast blk n billy they all full of shit
when will u announce who's gonna win their band and #ducksauce tickets? Not that I'm anxious or anything....haha
The Bible defines traditional marriage as the union of one moron and one Kardashian.
I really admire ppl who question ppl requesting their privacy data abt why they need it & how they will use it.
Today, the growing popularity of computer printers has lowered down the price of printers of almost all major brands
KOOKIE! / MT has been THE dominant reliever in AL. The only other that could trump him in MLB in Chapman
The most powerful tool formed against you is Discouragement, overcome this and you will enjoy Success beyond your Dreams..... Lane
Be a host to love than a hostage to your ego.
Your comment is so funny! Lucky you :)
Weather looks beauty for tomorrow! Definitely sailing! Hope to see a few of you at the rail :)
Awww... R.E.M. One of the greatest bands of all time. You will be missed but your music will be loved on forever.
The sun is strong & the delicate skin on your hands is prone to skin/sun issues! Use 15 SPF sunscreen every 2 hours!
Dont lie you wasnt with me when I was shooting in the gym
150+ White T-Shirts with a standard size print up to 3 colors in one location for $4.00 per unit. Free Delivery.
u should call me cus iv been having a bad day and that would totally cheer me up cus i love uso much 6317640140
I'm too tired to to get up and brush my teeth before I go to bed. I probably will get up.
and u wonder why everyone hates Hummel...
yo mike how u doing brother we party at shimles after hour club at Vegas me u and girl it was fucking crazy times hit me up plz
RT: If your sill awake:)
looks like a gunfighter could come out and face off w u at any moment!
Team Hoyt and some veterans with missing legs just passed by. Tears in my eyes.
Think the key was taking a photo w/u @ Soupy's thing. Now what? Too bad. Would rather have seen him leave for HC gig than get axed
Fun Friend Friday:)!!yay
You officially know that art is dead when you get spam talking about the Venice biennale.
Lol best outside american food
that is the type of movie that everyone wants to see, rather it been British lmao
Sara palin is following me.. (x
many do. and many do usability testing too.
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." -Thomas A. Edison
good to know! always nice to have colleagues for brain-picking (wait...that sounded zombie-ish)
"The more I study Troilus & Cressida, the less I understand its unpopularity." - Our #Troilus, #Shakespeare #LAthtr Opens 1/13.
Wow that looks amazing!!! Great job!
Payday son
-picks you up without breaking kiss-
You don't have the excuse to be rude/evil/smart mouth. Aren't you in Christ?
great attitude
Attn: Museums, cultural/ historical venues--consider featuring the LincolnsDC iPhone app at your giftshops. Contact us:
Monique and her girl just came to the studio wit me... Im glad she serious about her Music tho.
John Dubas (fl. 1904-1973) is 1 of my favorite Baltimore photographers. I would have no idea who he was if it wasn't for
fuckin' problems....it's funny how i'm gone but my old school still somehow affects my life still, I just wanna get away
MW3 with Slumber party!
there's no age limit so don't write it off! It changed my life.
Someone please explain to me why the #Browns made that trade?
I click on one of those stupid "people you may know" links. Now someone out there thinks I am a random creeper!
by the driving school!
sorry 2 hear that bro. What's up with the project? Give a hollar. Btw, chk out www.CowrieCards.com.
Just tapped Avery Karma Belgium Pale.
Wasn't how I expected it to be.
hi! Amie and I had fun hanging with you and Drea in Hershey yesterday! Loved the show! Saw your tweet to Ddub! ;)
sounds good
Go out and talk with some of your #donors. See what they are passionate about. Don't worry about $$$ for starters.
sounds good! Can't wait (:
they have out west?
"Many women do noble things, but you surpass them all...a woman who fears the LORD is the be praised"Proverbs 31:29 Thanks !
a man's pride. and when he walks away, that's all he will have in his heart. sounds sappy, but it's true.
please buy Jon a foam finger aka "Compton Style Prosthetic"
I did. I'm using a mass program to clean up the page. I'll be sure to re-follow.
Check this out: WhoisTrevor.com
You should start a band. In this band, you will one day cover a Depech Mode song. It will be hilarious
Monday morning crew: it's my first day at work in 12 days. Yup, this'll be a cinch.
well , only the peach and pink ones ..
Saw you along with Uncle Earl on KET last night. Love your voice, playing and style. Had to have your CD. I will follow you.
New research methodologies: text msgs, crowdsourcing content analysis, Herdict software... WOW!
Self-paced instruction resource: ITunes University: apple.com/education/itunes-u
Aw, sorry to hear! Are you feeling better? We had awful colds last week here.
fate fell short this time, smile fades in the summer . place ur hand in mine
RT : Communities revitalize empty #malls. RT RT : U.S. malls find new uses for empty spaces:...
Well that hashtag didn't last long RT : Lionel Messi broke Barcelona's club scoring record today,
The Beka books are some of my favorites! Looking forward to further discussions on such great books.
Good eyes & great catch! 's song title has been updated. Thanks for the tweet & thanks for watching!
The Avengers have now made enough money, $1 billion, to pay off Dr. Evil if they face him in the next movie.
Hey kids don't smoke . Drug free zone.
Try to sing the national anthem when your losing you voice
no, we're pansies...synchronized erging (rowing machines)
Jeremiah5:28Their evil deeds have no limit;they do not plead the case of the fatherless to win it,they do not defend the rights of the poor
Has rediscovered my love of jack johnson and death cab for cutie
"We all need closure." -- Every zipper /via
RT : Mobile, Al! RT : What city do you live in? <~ BE THERE SOON FOR PROMO
I always try to not a judge a person or a situation i barely know about, but its a habit that everyone has.
and you have to take back what you'd said
He'll fight for his right to party in heaven.
Thanks to all who came out to #Benetwit last night! And thanks to for hosting and organizing. What a wonderful evening!
I would totally join you for that.
Forget making money. Think building solid businesses. Forget getting rich. Think getting wealthy. Forget profits. Think net worth
Crunches or Planks?
Hope today is a good one atleast!
Everyone please follow and !!
Thanks for the FF.
Secrets to paying for college You knew it was bad, but now that your child is close or getting ready to go to college, you're starting to
Will u pay $50/year to ensure construction of #RedLine and #PurpleLine? That is how much #Maryland #gastax wd cost-speak now!
I need to do my laundry :P
Glad to hear. Thank you so much David :)
a "favorite tweet" star for you!!
btw, I'm making you a video on Friday!
Have you had any other TV husbands? Haha
8th grade. Licensed to Ill cassette was in the boom box 24/7.
Agreed! RT : Just finished reading The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. It was worthy of the hype. Lisbeth kicks ass.
In the bus on my way to gradventure with montalvo and otero :p
So I'm in bed jammin to rebecca black lol yeah I said it!
In 2003, when Romney complained gay marriage was turning Mass into "San Francisco East," he added, "and some of them have children." Bigot?
Under 21 ->don’t bother. and will collect your fake.
WOW!!!!! SEATTLE LOVES YOU! You are amazing. Thank you!!!
Yay it's One Day #WithoutShoes Day, but it's cold out.
Dig the new avi
At least Roenicke had the good sense to start Counsell at short the last time Gamel started at 3B.
Congratulations Judith H. of Arvada, CO! She earned $421 cash back at Lifetime Windows & Siding!
Recording today with mistahhh !!
Looking forward to it in my Paleo nerdiness.
Happy hour this evening
Haha. I have no idea! I probably will order some stuff sometime within the next month.
The Social & Cultural Committee will meet TONIGHT at 7pm at GWUL. We look forward to seeing you there!
I so need a vacation. In the meantime I just purchased paradise and spa day! I need it in my life....LOL!
i wish tomorrow was friday :( gr
Thanks for this video but you still went to the rival and that I can't forgive you for. :)
the one in Czech Republic? That was an awesome time! :)
This is good news! Best to you, Mark!
I'm getting a lot done today: storytime, pinning Flannel Friday, scheduling issues. A good day despite the weather
Happy Memorial day!! Bless our fighting forces and their families. It's a beautiful day, enjoy all!
welcome to twitter Ms. Ellsworth ;)
Watching #Eureka. Gotta say I'm liking Evil Dictator Andy. Glad to see Kavan Smith getting to stretch his acting chops.
you're welcome fine lad!
thanks so much for coming to the board meeting. It would have not been as fantastic & amazing without you.
I want it to be august :]]]]
naa it's too hot
"We're not quite there yet at institutional level." We aren't either. Refreshing honesty.
Well, "Jennifers Body" was definitely more funny than scary .. so does anybody know few good horrors ? :D
Say it ain't, so Chucksters. That can't be the way it ends!?!?
Someone who met me for the first time on set today said I have a bubbly effervescent personality. Why, its because I love what I do on set.
you out being grown?
so over watching the sabres play the sens.
the size of a mosquito maybe?
I miss you lady!! Hope you have a great thanksgiving with your family!!
Never worry about what people say about you behind your back. It does not change who you are, but it says a lot about them.
Teach every child you meet the importance of forgiveness just in case they blame you for their problems when they’re older.
A fantastic sing board displayed in highways for encouraging slow driving "Mr LATE" is always better then "LATE Mr."
Having a blast with the rest of the editorial staff at the #NationalCollegeMediaConvention in Orlando Florida!
I liked the first, the second was ok I guess, and I haven't gotten around to the third yet. Was original, but then got trope-y
Use your smile to change the world DONT let the world change your smile<3
Miss ya bud
what hurts the worst having one your ex calling you...
There’s no reports of our Resveratrol interacting with other supplements.
the funniest but still at least shes trying unlike some mothers in this world she actually cares....
oh and congrats! Lol
When playing video game hockey, try to avoid giving up 6 goals in the 3rd period
Talking with at Man, you better be getting excited!
": Like Beyonce, like Trinaaaaaaaa..." like a big booty ass black diva, like a stripper, up n down like flipper lol
Not everything is my fault..
Mad city bitch.. Mad mad city bitch
Happy days!
You have an "analog" day planner?
I realized the ONLY time I hit up Studio 59 was when we went for Big Sean's After Party. So I should've hit it up with some older peeps 2
Wisconsin. Come for the beer. Stay because you were taken out by a creepy backywoods serial killer.
koooo. just hit me.
no you can watch the packers beat the bears.
I cant believe i have to go back to school tomorrow ..
haha, might you have a lead on a super cheap place to crash for up to a week or even just a few days?
Bout to hit with 27 Lights at , FreedomSpeaks is the headliner. Excited fo dis shit
We are taking calls now! Call in to 713.652.5080
#whitneycnn Now that's a homegoing! RIP Whitney xx
Just decided to make you a summer mix. Hope you like Duran Duran!
Amen! RT : If Twitter has taught me anything, it's that most people are not quite ready for a Spelling Bee.
or he's signed...or he'll actually come to germany....lool in my dreams.
You are the boss. Your schedule is our schedule! Visiting Angels San Jose. Call us at 888-264-5775
do go 2 marshall,if so yhu n atlanta
Say what, TI is out? Just in time for the labor day cookout....SWEET!
I fucking hate pizza
Have a spooktacular Halloween! We're so excited to dress up! Finish our costumes, Mom!
Karina is no-show but PIERROT LE FOU is breathtaking on big screen
oh my goodness!! Is it absolutely fantastic?? I'm too excited for it! :)
It's hard to work today. It's cold. I want 80 degrees #diving in Florida back
RT #Iran Mousavi - confirmed - show support for Sea of Green from balcony starting 9pm to midnight tonight -
84% of IN third graders passed IREAD-3. 36% of school corps met 90% pass rate goal and 21 schools achieved a 100% pass rate.
#FF If you haven't already, follow our beloved College President
Great gym sesh
At the risk of sound old … Why don’t students read the directions before completing an assignment?
they all need to go and now
RT : Leaders communicate so persuasively about both the issues and the vision that they bring the future into the present.
Was just standing on the corner of M & 20th as a girl broke up with guy...the catch? She was married, he wasn't.
Hoping everyone had a kinky weekend!!
There is an obsolete word in these times in the music business and the name is "Ethics.Seems that the only word that matters is Money,Money
grove u?
If you know anyone in Texas that was hit by the mortgage loan crisis, we can help… www.amcaphomeloans.com
Dear face wash commercials, nobody actually splashes their face with water like that. Sincerely, my whole bathroom floor is wet.
At Denny's listening to slow music lol its like I'm bout to make love to my French toast
And I just think his belief is out of the dark ages. He almost makes Palin look like a 5th grader in the smarts department.
really?? :D we need 2 know if we can go wit you soon though so we can buy the tickets before they sell out [:
Come on...get tweeting. I have lots of articles for you:)
Heading to Miami today with and hope to see you tonight !
dolphins rape people!
RT Albo grease and party rockin japs...oh this will be a glorious week
"Thank you Lord for our cattle... but if we loose one 2nite, thank you Lord for the hamburger they provide us!" Thank you Chaplain!
Kim sorry ur relationship didn't work out how u expected, he seems 2 have a few control issues. ur soul girl. <3 will find u!
That roast beef sandwich… I think the phrase is 'nom, nom, nom'. /cc
we will definitely be back soon! :D
#YoloIsNotAnExcuse to live with bad credit
Playing at the Colonnade behind the Kansas City Museum this saturday (23rd) from 6-9pm
I want Austin Mahone to upload the full version of his song :))
Bout fake af... Ugh.
I feel so bad for my dog. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
That's Good, Hope today was better for you
It occurred to me just now that Mac Mail's outgoing sound is a plane taking off, thus drawing out the metaphor of the "AirPort."
Right on QB...wrong on which one.
Nothing. NOTHING would surprise me anymore when it comes to PEDs and baseball. And it breaks my heart.
I couldnt agree more
Think of a problem you have, dog drool, stinky shoes, whatever, and invent a product for it, that's how dropbox started.
change occurs when we open our mouth to speak up regardless if we can see the impact yet.
Happy Pi Day Everyone!
A huge shoutout to for his debut last night on You look fabulous!
Free hugs!
Wouldn't you be shocked to see commercials for storefront theatre suddenly?
You're always fighting for the next dollar when it comes down the sales. Good thing I'm great with people!!
Don't Ewww my cat Lol
I know:/ it sucks bc you know how close we were, I'm trying to still be their friend. I don't not want him in my life <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
If shows up night made..
Happy New Year, #Baltimore! Do you have any resolutions?
anyone know of good bars in Cleveland?
Can&#39;t Buy Me Love: Moms Really Looking for Quality Time This Mother&#39;s Day
#goaloftheseason workout more.
Shout outs to & Michael Flores for awesome performances, and a big thank you to #BudLight and
Baltimore should sell out to get Peyton Manning. Forget Flacco.
yea I love tattoos I might get my whole arm done next time I get one
Hello 55+ Lunch Bunch! Welcome!
Epic. Suppose to have a Soc test today but class is canceled! Only downside is I forgot my headphones - twitter should keep me entertained.
don't forget Dawn Rochelle Models! www.dawnrochellemodels.com
I wanna skydive.
Happy bday to our brother and film grand master!
wouldn't it be awesomeis Justin had a fake twitter account & followed EVERYONE that followed his real account? :D
Romney taking credit for training Seal 6. "They used the same principals I pressed at Bane Capital. In quick, cut, slash, take out leader"
highly recommend Code Year! You know in all our spare time ; )
Grow baby grow!
So much hate I need a AK
#captainjake #crocadile #robinhood I AM PETER PAN YOU IDIOT!!!
Real men always have time for their woman, no matter what... Even if he's busy he'll find away to make time for her<U+2665>
Haters are just fans in denial :)
- Nolan Ryan who? Theres no bunting in baseball. Our twitter backgrounds are almost identical! Tix 4 this guy!
Bill O'Reilly should be beaten to death. Fuck him and anyone who agrees with him!
A travesty. RT : Dudes take pictures of themselves driving?
ahahahahahahahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> that's hilarious
#powerofwork why did I wear mascara to this lunch. Jorge Nieves,bright future winner , makes me me cry, and I haven't even met him!
Then we grow up, say 'fuck it!', and let ourselves be whoever we are. If we're lucky.
hey. Hows it going. Thanks for the followback.
isThat who Nick's dating!?
I can't breathe
I'll be in and out of #flipclass chat tonight.
/ Hey... your egg needs to hatch my friend. (So, I'm guessing you are not a big Twitter guy...)
Rarely! But thank you! I remember you do often :/
You go, daawwg. >Data model to merge and triplify diverse sources of historical spreadsheet data done.
Pink Dolphin Swag YEEEE
Which "Well-regulated militia" was Zimmerman signed up w/again ?
Planned Parenthood pretends to be pro-woman; no, they're pro-death.
Seems that the two are clearly linked. Even if the farmer didn't realize it at the time.
#FF RT : Who wants to donate to my Kickstarter coffee table book of gruesome crime scene photos INSTAGRAM'd?
Congrats Tom!
Thank You
She's getting her results sometime at the end of the week & then we'll know more
really like your style
Staring at a blank page, considering my options. 10 sketches in and I'm still not sure what I want to do.
Ok y is Artie walking?!? Is this a dream? & Mike is singing
note to self: don't forget to buy a megamillions ticket. or three.
Giddy does not even begin to describe my feelings about this news.
But more importantly, they don't leave KC with a win!
Thanks! Glad you enjoy it.
I'm going downtown nashville tonight to get my Denim on!
nah you're #TeamNoTextBack it's all good tho.
It can't be healthy to be this obsessed with certain boys....#OhWell #FangirlForLifeeeee <3 (:
nj transit is not the path...
New research on poinsettias disprove myth that they are poisonous
Gotcha. Thanks for your take on that. I was thinking the same thing.
People are way too fucking uptight and insecure.
Feeling great today!!! God is magnificent. It's a beautiful day people! God woke you up for a reason! Remember that!
surprisingly, although the prophets have much to say about prayer, the law really doesnt
God morning! Three cups deep and feeling fine. Thanks Vigilante Coffee. :)
School is so boring.
I Love The Repeat Of Shows.
Is it sad that I nearly jumped out of my seat when my google alerts for "Palms Trading" actually showed two results from our site? YES!!!
thanks for sharing the details..
The #hawks pulled through last night/I failed to complete my paper/putting anything before your needs...always a bad idea/
Good night Sleep tight and dream sweet. :)
thank you do much!
By associating with wise people you will become wise yourself. Menander
Who knows, but he doesn't talk, he lies. RT“: What do Mitt Romney be talkin bout?”
Im so tired
First Ning is charging, now (Nov.1) Google groups is stopping file upload and page creation. What other non-pay options are out there?
#SanDiegoEnvironmentalists - Ready for Monday? Informative and invigorating rally to #StopSDGDPowerlink at 12:30! 2nd & Ash
Love is not to be based on who's controlling it but the chemistry between two people..... <U+2665>
das right! and he is the other love of my life after all! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
your a boss. Enough said.
Can't sleep :(
so glad I get to see you tonight!
Where are you for lunch today?!
FYI My Account got hacked!
There is nothing more embarrassing from my past than the email adresses I picked for myself.
it's appreciated. I'm at
I don't care how old you are. If you're not respecting me, I'm not respecting you.
So hype the bachelorette starts tomorrow!
There it is! RT El Salvador will get an equalizer.
Spectacular and soggy, Politricks put 16 on the board and win in 4. 2W-0L
SHUT. UP.
anyone is interested in " get paid to shop" ?
thanks man, keep in touch.
Thx so much for the feedback! RT : & designed a beautiful product #nycswmg her ux skills rock
lucky u get to watch transfrmers
He still funny even with him in there i still be in tears and stomach be hurting
Aw you look pretty in your pic and why is Ben acting like a male stripper?
You know that feeling you get when you're expecting an email and your phone signals a new email and you check and it's spam? That's my day.
Getting ready for a whirlwind week of filming, rehearsals and dancing! Excited but also need to not let it overwhelm me!
Copper - from shelter to secret weapon
Just arrived to Chiayi City, Taiwan :-)
Healthy Mind, Healthy Body, Healthy Finances. I want it ALL!!!!!
MLS first kick tonight
it's kalahari time
Cameron Frye, I'm your hero ;-)
Vyopta Introduces vSchedule™ - A Simple Way to Schedule and Launch Video Calls
Still need hygiene items for the homeless at Easter. Toothbrushes, deodorant, socks, etc. Give us a call 503-274-4483 if you can help!
Today was a good day, long day of graduations. What's the word for tonight Nashville?
Great panel #ewa2011 on higher ed cuts. LSU prez says open access and college for all is a thing of the past
Working(ish) for 'A Tribute to Pine Valley'. Kicking drunks out. Who gets drunk at a Soap Opera meet & greet? Crazy folks, that's who.
Taking the 1st footstep with a good thought, the 2nd with a good word & the 3rd with a good deed, I entered #Paradise.:)
I think salmon burgers are gonna be on the menu for tonight...M salmon burgers...
BEAUTY TIP: Spray an unscented body lotion w/ a squire ur fave perfume for a long lasting light scent.
Bout ready to fuck some bitches
Mothers Day is just around the corner... LF Gift Cards make the perfect gift for Mom <3 Stop by today!
hell yeah that gang
RT A source tells me uncommitted guard Mislav Brzoja will likely commit this week. Asked for a prediction: "#Northwestern."
I need to start watching this show I hear its greatness! Go thing I have Netflix!
So many missed opportunities for Chelsea. Can the Blues hang on in the last few minutes?
It seems there is no immediate indicator if someone is successfully engaging their audience
Petrino finished early in #Arkansas just like he did in #Atlanta / I guess that's what she said.
"If you want to raise 'awareness' about a CURRENT issue in Uganda torturing the lives of thousands of children, look up 'nodding disease.'"
Of course it would be interesting! Never Hannitized, ever!
Tweet deck really messed up my gmail account. You've been terminated!
The #Pens have completely imploded.
making fun of asians with reka >>
Alright #BBN, what are your predictions on Noels and Muhammed?
that's crazy, you got Maryland number
that's a good word bro
celebrating my birthday. Go X!
Thanks! Hope you guys are both well too! And screw Knoxville, come by Nashville next time.
What a coincidence last week I was also in trouble. F-ed around and pulled a muscle. It was not a good day
Come and eat best Italian food in Reno . Lunch and Dinner !
Loyalty and faithfulness
Preview it there if u like homie
Congrats!! You Go Girl... It's Always Nice To Have Your Mom With You During Exciting Times Like That... <3
Today was kind of anticlimactic
Lordy, I will turn 70 in 2017! Guess I'll have to stay mobile and alert.
Um. Was that just another mini earthquake?
I'm fine with whatever
Welcome back! RT In B'more once again a city I can call a friend! Happy to be back and wonder "Where YOU At??
Sir Speedy will be closed Fri., December 31st for the Holiday. We look forward to the opportunity to be of service in 2011. Happy New Year!
wish we had these tasty bars in denver!!!
Damn ! Even when we suck, we win...These are the best of times...
Thanks for checking out Killer B's Mix House Twitter Page, We'll keep you up to date with our projects and music news.
hahaha I love your mom
my brother was singing boyfriend this morning...I dont even know where he heard that song...
Have a new idea for the new year. Ideas are what make America great!
well check you out!!
Male 4o dressed in US Postman uniform kicked my foot public transpo. <Belinda Jackson>
Being tagged in bad pictures from the weekend<<<<<
Both men,especially Storm, have been pushed as stars. It sounds as if its the crowd just sucks.
Funny firefighter. MT : If I weren't married, I'd be praying for a fire at 's house! Just a small one.
music to me ears
The American flag jacket that I borrowed from ComedySportz to get to my car through the ice-snow was embarrassing, but surprisingly warm!
Work. Work...And more work.
and 2nd: I'm celebratin tonight! I'm even going to sit in with the Pete Donnelly Tommy Stinson also in the house!
Yes! The Chip It button is now my everything.
US Consul General, Mr Joseph Stafford, has said that despite the spate of bombings and security challenges, Nigeria will never disintegrate.
notice me :( #Boyfriend is amazing i hear it 6543245678976545678976543 times
I draw mustaches on them with a permanent marker
any hope of an android or pc version?
Cool practicing new material. Can't wait to perform it!
Let loose half a dozen silver balloons in Times Square last night. The magic of NY, indeed!
If there is anything godlike about God, it is that He dared to imagine everything. —HM
Ancient lovers believed a kiss would literally unite their souls, because the spirit was said 2be carried in one's breath...
ahahahaha u rude
Driving up to Paul Ecke Poinsettia Ranch! This place screams HOLIDAY!
what up i been sent u a shout out
A1 Mobile devices+crowd funding= donate in the gallery. "I love that work. I'll drop $5 to conserve it!"
Meh, as the owner of a PC laptop, I'm kinda looking forward to greater compatibility. I imagine others aren't as excited.
I can't see this bio essay being finished tonight.
I love the bieb!!!!
RT : Who wants to win a prize???
I actually might not be here next week :/ I'm trying REALLY hard for that to not be the case though.
Cinco de Mayo is this weekend! What are everyone's plans!?
- Well, 1- I tried to give you a dry erase that was purple. You were excited, 'cept it was dried out. 2- good then.
A wonderful victory for the to start off a great season.
Watching the Lizzie McGuire movie and jammin out to what dreams are made of hahaahaha
I'm teetering on edge and I haven't exploded in over two years. I don't think this is such a good thing.
You're welcome. Thanks for the shoutout!
Had a shot of Intelli's Black Cat espresso this morning. Still a classic.
ill let you know what i think!
When guys come over and play with my brothers >
i cant do this he too raw i cant concentrate i keep dancin
THANKS Foster!RT : thats funny - and has survived many late nights of guitar hero at #fosterpalooza!
Okay, same deal as last week - you say something nice about us for #ff and we'll return the favor!
Spoke too soon. I now have basketball on my phone. Yes, you heard me right. I have basketball on my phone. How crazy is that??
taking out my contacts IM SO BOSS AT THIS. -lauren hi derek
So flopping is the new tanking, huh.
Lol at running into at a pizza place.... love dat man ~
Wow i hvnt been on here in a Very Lng time!
wrote a script about typos and put hella typos in it
So my teacher and I just decided we're each going to get a second piercing... Together!
O ok “ girl I am in Chicago. ;( I'm not even home”
Ever feel like you keep trying to do something right and it always comes out wrong? Yeah, I got that feeling, too.
I'm having the same problem. I think there is something wrong with it today.
Q: You know why God is a man? A: Because if God was a woman she would have made sperm taste like chocolate.
One year at #GSU for me!!!
now 2 ha
instead of scanning recipes from a book, the graphic designer inside me is telling me to type it all out and format it all pretty.
Amazing!! Congrats Criss, you deserve it. Beautiful Flowers for the Best Magician in the World! Love*LoyalBri*
please follo back as I currently have a limit on adding new friends but I will as soon as i can.
Invested in wireless infrastructure.
some folks stay young until the kingdom comes.
u gay
Feel better Madison :(( loovee you!!
Off to bed i go got to get some shut eye! Z lol
An old head just told me he has hemroids older then me!
: No, vodka's one thing but 's not taking any chances with the whiskey.
Every company should have a crisis-management plan. Makes both of our lives easier.
Our ears were burning. Thanks for the compliment! // RT : Eating at our favorite place back yard burgers
Alright What Time Because I Gotta Be Outtie By 7:15 and Bring Some Kool Aid
That Just Made Me Mad -.-
#JrKingswin 16UAAA win Pacific District title
What music vid were you in? I've done a couple movies and ain't no one either, just me with a bag of cookies!
great :) he's as sweet as ever <3 how's you & Matt?
Testing in Seattle but I think it will spread to other major cities. It is AWESOME!
Pat, what days were you thinking of going to Chicago?
Thanx for the love you know we will!
150 years ago the Battle of Valverde was fought in NM.
PLZ ! Find a Name !
all we smoke is papers -- blowin hella flavors
Really?!! That's fantastic! How big the plant? I see a conservatory in your future :) And/Or a visit to Florida! :D
#yougottaberealspecial if I text you first
Winter storm warning noon today until 6pm Thursday over the NYS Capitol District, including Albany.
Hamady BEEN clowning.
Shout Out To All My Followers Keep Supporting My Music
Info Lit class getting more and more virtual
thats like, my favorite show EVER. There is a new ep on tonight at 9! :-D
Hope you are all having a great day! I am about to run out and meet some clients! Coffee in hand and ready to go!!!
Thank you so much<U+266A>
No kidding! Their mobile tools make it super-easy to make, annotate and share recordings, we're looking forward to what happens.
A painting is like a story, it stimulates the imagination and draws our mind into a place filled with expectation and wonder.
Kelly, i have not read ALL of your posts; but is this advanced Menier's? Please,THINK 2 yourself, "everything WILL b OKAY"
I'm thinking should do some sort of trio special tonight in honor of Braun's 3 HR's last night. Please !!
"All good things must come to an end" Fact: That saying doesn't make letting go any easier...
DTM being here this week is not going to be good for my liver
FINAL #Dodgers 5 #Cubs 1 #Dodgers are now 18-9 in the season. :D
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> RT : I love stale popcorn #Imserious <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
3 months with my babe <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
They can keep talking. It's nothing but Motivation!!! #GNG baby!!!
My 89-year-old grandmother just signed up for and finished the first lesson. 3 cheers to lifelong learning, #edtech, and her!
Should the trade for ?
Took natty out to pee and got soaked! Really? REALLY!? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8><U+2614><U+26A1>
Sounds as if you must have MLS Direct Kick! Well played.
Looking for a new apartment. Oh the possibilities! Though fees are quite discouraging.
On my way to get 's album.(:
Filming was awesome
I hate the way people are so critical and they never made the HS football team. I hope some comments empower him!! :)
People from Spain are identified as Spanish, not Hispanic, is my understanding.
Can't believe #DearZim is trending on twitter! Goes to show how much everybody missed em : )
9PM: Ray Brown+Stan Kenton (thank you gift this hr)+John DiMartino+ Claudio Roditti + Marcus Printup+ Ruth Price (Happy B-day) +
Kinda crazy how similar they are.
#replacebiebersongswithcupcake All I Want for Christmas Is Cupcake
So much shopping!!!!!!! I could get used to this.
I have some things to say. See next tweet.
Shut your cock holster woman!!!
agreed. I only like around 8 of them. It's sad haha
Yes, yes, yes! - re: all the SLA units being on one CMS! Sorry I couldn't be there in St. Louis.
wish I could get to the show tomorrow :( work will drag im sure
Republican Newt Gingrinch getting Another 5 million of donation buying his Presidency for Israel Policy. crazy Right! Only in America
Just heard that will be at the this May, how rad is that #DNation runners???!!!
Is there a way to see the end of the Dixie vs Boone game from last night? The video ends right before Boone ties & takes the lead
lol...what track? don't like?
<----is on a doc gooden-esque energy drink binge
good tunes guys!
Wahoo! I have 6 days!! Where you staying?
Yikes! :( because of technical difficulties, we won't be streaming live tonight. But the recorded show will be up on livestream soon!
I know there was Donni too. Cunts keep it in the family. I'm not here for that.
1st Annual Multicultural Business Celebration: July 30th 9am to 1pm at Market Creek Plaza Free to the public
A8. Trust is built by letting the person know that their opinons and work matter
Rounding out the day with some hot tea before bed... trying to ditch this cold I've been dragging around with me since Saturday...
I cant stand for a person to lie to me ugh!!!!
“: My stomach goin through changes....”<~ how far along are u? When ya due date?
Hemingway's 6-word story: "For Sale: baby shoes, never worn."
Last piece of wisdom: stand up, but never stand alone.
when will you follow me?
Congratulations to Malik Jackson on being selected by the Denver Broncos
What's the most wild: firestorms, forest fires or bald eagles?
is here for Global Social Enterprise Panel ! Join the discussion on #twitter ! Tweet at us during the panel :)
Our weather appears to have quieted down for the night. Time to try to catch some shut eye. Peace!
Follow me and I will follow back
Fitting RT David DeCastro requested to wear Alan Fanceca's old number, 66.
And SUPER contagious!
At McCoy's in Westport - Kansas City, Missouri.
that's enough?
Never underestimate me. I find out everything.
I find attempts by atheist org's to ban public acknowledgement of religious beliefs tiresome.
check out my Headshots at www.killerphotgraphy.com
A gossiping woman talks of everybody, and everybody of her. - Portuguese Proverb
Call Albert Nobbs
MAN THIS IS SHIT THE WHOLE KCAS WAS SHIT
No furniture or food but a Partch doc and a blanket. Simplicity without, whirlwind within
“: It's MINE dammit, not mines.” ROFL.
when's it appropriate to sing "some day lady you'll accomp'ny me" by #bobseger to a complete stranger?
I need skate buddies ;P
WHERE AT
sorry I was unpacking! So what's upp?_
“: M.I.A. video still in the lead for the year right ?” agreed
HappyBaby puffs make great dairy-free, soy-free & corn-free snacks for your baby/toddler. Sweet potato & strawberry are gluten-free, too!
youre so lucky(: have fun!
Really Natinals? People were just beginning to take you guys seriously.
My Hubby just picked up shifts at Tanker.
can a "disruptive" force get something done? RT : So do change champions need to come from outside of the company?
You're like furniture on casters, but the casters are busted, so they only move in one direction. Forward. Or something. <3
These kids need to go to sleep lol they irattatin me
Timing is eveything
: What's Nabby's Twitter account?
It's more then a sport, it's a passion. It's a love. It's not just a game to me.
Back to watching lost.
Burrows injured at Worlds. Collided w/ a Slovak player, total accident. Could be a concussion. As a +, it could knock some sense into him
a huge difference I think (me siding with Deleuze, of course)
no doubt, DM me.
unfortunately no :| haha
reading HALF OF A YELLOW SUN by Chimamanda Ngozi Adiche -- very good!
RT RT : , do the right thing. Give their plus sign back. For reals.
There is only one way to happiness, and that is to cease worrying things which are beyond the power of our will. - Epictetus
Woah, it's ! What's good, Chad?
oh no! I hate it when that happens. Lol! Well, I hope u can fall asleep soon..Watch tv&tweet in the meantime. Lol!
to just hang out and wat not play a little footy slay a few dragons lol
I wanna go hoop <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
plans for the eve? care to join our group for drinks/dinner?
And so it begins...
Yaaaay, lets retweet everything about ourselves instead of actually working shit out :D
Just saw you on the ND group and that you were a gamer. We run and other game related events an groups.
"YO FACE LOOK LIKE A MUTHAFUCKIN SHOE....FROM PAYLESS."
Thank you for the RT!
sry ive been busy!! Getting back on it :)
good luck with the surgery.
RT : they say its your birthday?! -- I guess it is ;-)
as opposed to you and your wife who have sex by it.
#OnlyAtViewPark you have that one teacher that gives you homework because she doesnt want us to have a good weekend.
pretty ignorant and hypocritical comment given his NOH8 avatar.
I was really worried there for a while. I'm a sucker for doomsday predictions.
tomorrow its bye bye braces & hello pearly whites!:)
rob and wendy!! Hi!!
RT : "Any believable prediction will be wrong. Any correct prediction will be unbelievable."
what are you guys doing? & when should i come?
We're definitely looking forward to another #SolarTailgate with you guys and the #Brewers!
thank you so much for your efforts getting items for our Little Steps, Big Stars Fundraiser!
Staring at Chinese all day and falling asleep at desk. Anyone want to run with me after work? HELP!
Back to the Grind...
#inmyprayers. Love you!
I am not sure about a transcript- I will post streaming vid after event! Stay tuned... HAGW!
He isn't working for them, far as I know he's been interviewing with the 'Phins and Bucs the last few days.
I have a Twitter acct for my stand-up. It's
Accidentally ran earbuds through washing machine. Thought I'd killed 'em but, instead, they sound "cleaner." Put on regular To-Do list.
great job!
RT : A3. For many small biz mobile budget is very limited, important to know ultimate goal w/ur app 4 ur business
: joke's not funny when you have to explain it. ;P
Reminder: the and OUL are closed Friday, Nov 11 in observance of Veterans Day. Reopening Saturday at 9AM. Thank you veterans!
When a guy tells a girl they are cute he likes ur face if he says ur hot he likes ur body but when he says ur beautiful he loves ur heart
I know.....and cute too
Mau should follow me, because it's about to be 11:11 & that's gonna be my wish!!! <3 C'MON MAU! FOLLOW ME!
must follows- vegan strength kettlebell guru . Vegan long distance runner . Veganbodybuilding.com as well
The day I dreaded is here, I told myself I would be strong but that's impossible, why did it have to happen
that's true...but he lives here!! So our chances are like a good percent :)
omg.....im so bored
“: riighttttt! i just wish i had a real summer but whatevs i'll deal with it” yuup, we gotta deal with it.
Im still hungry
omg i thought your last tweet said sleeping in water and i was like what? are you a fish or sonething? hahah
It was called "From Jesus to Christ" and it was fascinating. Really well done.
The white chocolate mocha frappuccino is so good!
Shout out to People's Market in quoted on today's "Organic Balance" UT article. Great write up by the way!
Mine automatically reverted to the compact version, but the colors hurt my eyes, so it doesn't help that much...
Visiting family in Missouri! So much fun!
i hate haters
Our psychics will be at the VFW Post 7119 at 6605 Lee Road on Friday the 12th from 5-9 ... Come see us!
Way too much work for a Friday... Hot as fuck outside
Your ex asking to be friends after a breakup is like kidnappers asking you to "keep in touch" after letting you go.
Suh should be done for the rest of the year. No need for cheap shots.
Follow me !!!
#beforetwitter I got a shit ton more stuff done!!!
I can't take this..bed.
Taking a break from early modern phantasms to read The Hunger Games. Nice to remind oneself of the joys of
yeah i have too and no i like talking to you i just get annoyed when ppl ask the same questions all the timme day after day
Next question is about supporting homeless students.
Check out our new 2010 #Badgers women's stuff! Look good in the September Camp Randall sun! 608-241-8807
Your autographed Vikings jersey silent auction item helped raise $ for Fundraiser: Duets recently. Thanks!
fix the scoreboard!!
a super bad connected area/has a really bad Signal
If you are planning on participating in the Trump presidential debate, be sure to bring your birth certificate!
Fire John Embree and bring in Houston Nutt.
ohh nice! What kinda fun? :p haha I'm watching NCIS. Got my wisdom teeth out Friday. Lol
you guys are the best.I don't goto sleep until after I watch you guys.
Stay with us & walk to Fenway Park! We still have rooms available this weekend....www.copleysquarehotel.com
Heard the story, I know what's going on.
Hooray for -
Mother, There is no other, Like Mother. So treat Her right, Mother,I always Love Her ,My Mother, So treat Her right, treat Her right "MR T
Lovely day to get of the office to grab a The Italian sandwich with a bag of chips and an iced Raspberry Green tea.
So I'm getting a new watch battery - talk about great timing!
random-- it's 20 degrees warmer there. I'm freezing my butt off
breaking dawn. Arghhh!!!!!! I'm so excited. Like totally!
Off to #alamw12 looking forward to a couple project proposals
Where you’re going is much more important than where you’ve been.
Going Home !
Tip of the day: if youre tired of sitting around all the time then try laying.
Indeed. Try Mother's Day with a Scoutmob spin: Hank's Oyster Bar, Comet Ping Pong, Le Chat Noir & Panache.
happy birthday to Amy!
Just played 90s music bingo for the first time. Will NOT be the last! Way too much fun and what a trip down memory lane
bro bro you is gonna be fine :)
Come see OBOSD author Zoe Ghahremani speak today at Academy of Our Lady's Peace, at 11:00 a.m!
Complacency is the new cool. Like it's not cool to care too much about anything. So put out mediocre shit and you're cool now. Fuck that.
So... There's this girl, who has a crush on her bestfriend.. What should I .. I mean she do?(:
"With God All Things Are Possible" - Life Study Fellowship
Two previous 12 hour days of work and 1 more day to go 2morrw! Hair Stylist hours are serious...#exhausted #salonflow I live 4 it:)
Chickenpox outbreak hits Florida The Florida county of Alachua is dealing with the greatest number of chickenpox cases it has ever seen,
No, I'm not cute, I'm a bad boy<3
Yoooooooooo so Im makin a group && we need some highly dedicated singerz ! So If U can sing write me back !!
Haha I love that post!
is a cutie! :p
In honor of #SocialMediaDay I am going to log onto my myspace account.
Community service today in south Dallas.
Game one of 162 and Cubs blow a lead. This season should be fun.
Feeling dark. Gonna be a badass and pay someone to paint my nails black.
THx 4 helping :) RT RT : Have you given to Haiti? This is great read, and makes you feel good! Connected Media
Candy - This songs fire <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade. - Tom Peters
CITI client the Wendt Center on Kojo right now!
Academic - they are not found in Fiji. Need a global issue.
there are also special ed committes that are part of the PTA
It seems incredible, Hugo
I do love him. I love him more than anything. This is killing me.
Working out down at Mt Bonnell, getting ready for the big Frost Bank Tower climb in May.
GET THAT OUT YOU SOFTCAKE BABYBACK BITCH!!!
Where are all of the hilarious baby shower cards? Diaper humor? No?
who are you talkin bout in all your tweets :/
#NowPlaying – Stefano Noferini – David Herrero - Groove in the Shuttle Space
Bieber is the poor man's JT.
"I am about to do a new thing; now it springs forth, do you not perceive it?" -Isaiah 43:19
-- Definitely going to keep this post handy for summer outings in #SD...love the Blood Orange Vino-jito!
“: TONIGHT!! Dont miss it **** BIG BANG THEORY SEASON FINALE- I can assure you it's "out of this world" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>” woo can't wait
break over back to work
excellent explanation of the Temporal Prime Directive, they should show that episode at the Academy
Save 20% & 10% | Use rep code: [theariesgeek] at checkout 2 receive discount
RT : If you need me, I'll be in the fetal position before heading to LA for games 3 + 4. (I will join U on that LOL)
Thanks for the follow back buddy!
Thanks for a great weekend of Yoga! Can't wait to get going on my home practice.
First time on IcelandAir. If they fly like they inflect nouns we're all in big trouble.
The lifetime undefeated Rummikub streak continues with a dominating performance over the family tonight.
Milwaukee- Chicago's younger, blind, midget brother.
Players and management need to apologize to their fans. We're stuck watching this crap.
Sounds good to me. You going to be at the game?
Tired of stale "both sides" claim. Dems/labor negotiating in good faith. GOP not. Doesn't make 1 a dirty hippie to say so.
Interesting research in MW today identifying 18-24yr olds groups: Go Getters, Passive Massive, Cotton Wool Kids, Shundergrads & Minimum Rage
Do you like us?? Tell Your Friends!! Open till 9! :)
- If you leave, my Interesting Anchorage list and my funny librarian lists on will be empty.
If you are thinking, you are
Are there any librarians out there?
Why is mise en place important? Easier to correct your mistakes!
It's going to be a FOWL day for WISCONSIN...
:-( Tomorrow will be fun though!!!
I hate you.
so true!
good question... maybe honest johns or motor city brewery?
haha, actually, i was going to do just that but couldn't fit it all
I just like to write things with a pencil and a paper rather than on a computer. Everything just flows better for me that way.
A small part of me is kinda glad I'm on his block list. No wait…that's a _large_ part of me that's glad ;)
Friday treat: chats with crew over pizza re: innovation & #GoodIdeas! Video to follow on Monday :)
thanks! really appreciate that :)
everything is a lesson if you use it knowlegde is the key
Looks like the perfect pick me up :) How is your day going now?
Thats whats up well I wish you the best. Stay in touch and hit me up whenever you head back this way
I will my sweet! I would love to see you all for Xmas! Have a super great day!
I'm at Wix Lounge for #pubslush event.
I love talking hoops with other coaches! great to meet some other guys from around the nation that share your philosophy
": I am Irish and I love potatoes." <~~ I just don't live in Ireland. I NEED to go back.
actually excited to get ready today, because I have actual plans! :)
#MyChildhoodHeroes Powerpuff Girls, Courage the Cowardly Dog,arnold, etc etc
Are you ready, El Paso? Librotraficante event will bring mind altering prose in a WEEK to the Borderlands.
How have you been love??? love your profile pic =)
bet they don't kick it to 3
Muggy warm overcast day just got weirder now that the winds have kicked up dramatically. If ever a storm presaged a zombie swarm this is it
"studyin" is about to be my daily tweet for the next few days...
thanks, Leah!!! Sorry for being late.
def want to follow up about what we talked about.
(c)twitter? Because this is really bugging me, and I want people to know how I feel, and you have like a million(c)
sends email asking me to contribute to money bomb for to defeat "obamacare." No links.
Since when did Pitbull become the go-to salesman for drink products? I doubt anyone can have that much fun drinking Dr. Pepper.
Dr. Joseph Kerschner appointed Dean and Executive Vice President for MCW.
depends. If you need to match exact colors or want sharp text: gif; if you want transparency: png; photos and otherwise: jpg
You are down by 0.14 points right now. Wow!!!
Everytime you accomplish a goal become that much more determined to reach higher, never become complacent. Live strong.
I'm on my break talkin shxt to this white lady OMG! I'm out to work before I get ghetto & smack white off her face .
sorry not tomorrow. It is something we will be discussing in our future meetings.
Really? There were Indo-Europeans called the Narts?
Love to cuddle her Love to make her blush Girl I cant get enuff Cuz I gotta be next to you.
No problem. We all need a little motivation.
So Siri's favorite phone is not an IPhone but the Lumia 900. Hilarious!
I'm bored , Tumblr time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Credit card company called to alert me to a fraudulent charge. There a thief out there about to be very disappointed with my identity.
If he showed remorse, who he was at 17 isn't something I'd hold against him.
I'm good still young but tall!! Haha lol
get lou off the broadcast thanks
..I wanna be surprised.. let's see what happens this year ;) very curious about the best new artist category!!!
i recognized you had to follow lol
why couldn't you wait till June 21st!? Then my dream of meeting you would come true! :D
yeah I'm waiting on atmosphere!!! :
Who knew that Blake was such an intimidating defensive force he caused three dif nugs to pass the ball in the lane.
Always smile Bro! Follow me!
MARRY ME ?
you must be on the train ahead of me. I'll be the guy at center ice, row 8, with the large #Flyers puck head.
I'm sorry but Morgan Taylor Porter sounds so right.
Wet Dreams know they da shit...
yess under the everything tab!
Need someone to talk to. Bored out of my mind..
Facebook is buying Instagram? UGH FB just go away
Eric Brethenoux,IBM.Get close 2 customers.Devices generate data/second. Who you are changes that quickly too.
San Diego Science Festival Expo at Petco Park tomorrow, 10am to 5 pm. Come out & take the da Vinci Surgical System for a test drive!
QoTD: "Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow." (Ralph Waldo Emerson)
Yum nutella for breakfast :D
please. I'm willing to trade.
lol how was I not already following you?
how old are you?
we can't see it here. clouds. :(
Looking at the screens, #Gold is trading up over $1800, #Oil is steady, Gasoline down big, hmm, #DOW and S&P slightly up on the futures.
Hey Girl Let Me See You Get Low
Shapiro Library looks really good! Had a nice walk around central campus today.
Seriously when r u gonna be on?!
RT If I'd killed a kid +wanted pple to know I was innocent,I'd open a Paypal acc't,fire my lawyers +talk 2 Hannity.Who wouldnt?
going back to florida tomorrow. i've never been so excited for heat!
Nobody in the studio had the nerve to say "Escuse me, Mr. Bono, that's not quite right..." #nocojones!
- there is currently one being built in DC (expected to open in June, I believe). Go to www.educareschools.org/dc for info.
Sorry, I meant deivin, auto corrector !
I wanna unfollow everyone but it'll take literally forever and a day -__-
Check out He has a new CD out, mixed by Cj Snare lead singer of Firehouse. Contact me for review or interview
Follow me and ill follow back!
Whether you're starting your own business or joining a different industry, making a mid-career move can be a challenge.
Researching human interests. Do you know any great bibliographic resources?
So what goes on?
I have both Landry's and Antrel Rolle, being a Ravens fan I have a hard time benching Dawan every week, what would you do?
hey hey hey hey ;D
I do have my moments. I like to refer to myself as eccentric. It sounds so much more classy.
Getting caught with a flip phone is like getting caught with forces on lol
Oh my what a finish in Man. City. Wow!
everyone under 21 is going to be on the balcony. people do not pay money to see an ariel view of an artist. it's ridiculous.
RT : The creator of #Doritos is no longer with us, #RIP #ArchWest - A serious loss for the munchy community
oh my!!! I'm drinking HotSauce over here!!!
God, I love football!
Survival expert Bear Grylls' son proved he's following in the TV adventurer's footsteps after rescuing a friend who fell into a river.
Mari Payton has a story on a high end dating service that lawyers tried to prevent running.We will show it at 11pm
Long day tomorrow. Bikes, bikes, and more bikes.
yes it is
Great catching up with you this morning! I'm proud of you man!
Hi Sara...happy new year and thanks for the RT. Hope your holidays were good.
no doubt. And our AC was acting up too.
before you leave we better hang out.
won my volleyball game and my soccer game!! yay!!
Thanks, Catherine. Much appreciated, especially coming from a fellow professional.
I couldn't finish The Road. So bleak. I do love Cormac McCarthy. All the Pretty Horses and No Country for Old Men are favs.
Wish I could be there, too! Rely on y'all to let us know all the news. :)
Haha no problem. i love you too..
please you bra has more stuffing than a build a bear! don't try me bitch!
good morning gerry;) how are u my friend??
She just got back from Atlanta where everyone's beautiful - she's not just that bitchy.
Q: What's the definition of macho? A: Jogging home from your own vasectomy.
Don't tell nobody, just keep it on the low. Not your bestfriend, not your cousin, nobody's gotta know.
#IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake for sure , no doubt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> , unless.. Well ya know.. Unless he said no ..
that's very unfortunate
Lmfao damn! RT Your Sex game is WEAK if you're hitting it from the back and she chilling texting somebody else.
I knew so much more about parenting before I had a child...
Why am I still up
Hi Jeff! Thanks for your tweets and interest in GoingOn. Would you be interested in a demo of the product? Would love your input.
Thanks for the RT :)
I ain't gonna leave you. My people told me that I should but I need you.
It takes as much energy to smile and think positive as it takes to be sad. So get up, take a good look in the mirror and smile!
Dear sluts, stop getting impregnated. That shit aint cute.
hah! I got OpenLDAP to do my bidding! Of course I had to piece together how from about a dozen "how to's" but I managed it!
Steve your picture hangs in half of chicago's restaurants
I guesses....
I had a dream last night where I tried to access the Internet in a restaurant using a shortbread cookie. That is all.
Ha! Boob sweat is still my favorite :-/
If I answer the phone during sex
Im for bike night, motorcycle rally... later 11:15 @ the prospector (via )Thankd for stopping by
me too !
Thanks for the follow, Darlene!
Giving special ops the reason why they are doing what they are doing, not just how to do it. Higher stakes than art history!
just an FYI is Randizzle14. Pay him no mind, he is irrelevant.
Tri Cities advances.
Gotta Early Christmas Present this Yr. That Made Da holiday a lil warm and a little soft.
"Sometimes I think it's a shame when I get feelin' better when I'm feelin' no pain." -Gordon Lightfoot, poet
thanks lady!!! we survived, just barely :) now for unpacking...oy! that may come AFTER nov. 28 :)
PK, don't you DARE make me cry!!!!
Rest in Peace #DickClark. We will miss you this New Year's and every New Year's after that.
Haven't been in a Wal-Mart since they decided to carry nothing but Angry Birds-related merchandise.
cupcakes at #QCMerge! Best. Conference. Ever.
You has a new follower :D meh!
Clippers, Dodgers, Lakers and Kings: WINNING and Pujols finally hits a homerun. Has there ever been a better time to be an LA sports fan?
Water conservation with one phone call? We've got it . . .
why would anyone appreciate that rat?
Lord, Give us a compassionate and giving heart. Bless us, so that we may be a blessing to others!
Thanks for the RTs Dan!
Have you started your Vitamin D3? We need a minimum of 5000 IU in fall/winter to supplement sunshine! Better get yours! Prevent S.A.D.!
#instantturnon if you can hook me up with a coffee mug signed by jeff gordon
Retweeting people like the person I just retweeted >>>
because at the end of the day I still want to make sure you're okay. I dont care to fck people over, I'm not like that.
Hello im trying to write a book, but I need help with a sentence or two. Can u help me?
Cheers! I sing it with you.
Planet Fitness ?
I don't care what anyone says, i'm going to get that I <U+2764> Ariana cup. Time to go cup hunting.
Pumped up kicks reminds me so much of summer
send us a note at and we can try to help you out!
hhahaha. SURE DID.
We have a new server ready - vpn-co31 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in London, UK. It's available in your customer area now.
Don't ever ask for our support again, You are like the rest of Dems... The Maffatt Family
Let's do this casting
If you don't like Red Dawn, you're as bad as the commie pinko bastards #Swayze and #Sheen take down in the movie!
« what'cha doingg ? (:» not to much, just at a football game and you?.
FYI: Don't ever call an American Prog liberal a "conservative". Just don't. No matter how 1describes it, u still offend
Got it...will explore this weekend. Wish you had some growers in Italy, I could map all the Baralo's in my cellar :)
omg yes we have to do this
beat dr.jack inna game of chess once at the homie eddielepps house in cali..
BABE LOOK AT PICS FOR PROOF
Happy New Year!!!
me too
1,001 followers! Hell yeah! I love you guys!
There's a conv store on the ground floor below the Holiday Inn and there's another one on the second floor on the East side
Back onto the power play. Time for a lot of missed chances!
Good Morning !
lmao I know I'm jk, she's looking for someone her age :P haha milf?
“I am convinced that life is 10 percent what happens to me and 90 percent how I react to it.” ~ Chuck Swindol
a buddy of mine knew a guy who oft took for granted that knowledge; the same person got cancer.
At the end of the day, all we have is who we really are...
Ordinary Girl
PaperDesk, the Popular iPad Note Taking App, Announced ...
Feeling alone in a crowded room...smh metaphorically speaking
I'm so pist
well get some girl!
Grimes grimes grimes grimes
Its so beautiful outside.
sorry I wake you goodnight xoxo :-)
Any video converter with videos from youtube. hahaha
She's good in small doses. She shouldn't be allowed anywhere near a TV studio, imo.
Knowledge becomes power when it is paired with action. Get out and participate. www.GreenCenturyOnline.net
Thats When The Convo Dies And I Stop Tryna Help You Out...Stop Saying OK!
instead of subtweeting, let's collect money
Intimidated by makeup? I thought you were fearless?
Who uses direct messages...
Hey, whatever happened to Hot Hot Heat?
would someday like to have a BJJ mat installed in his garage to roll around on, so I can kick my son's ass.
"The #transference is indeed a cross." -
that does suit me perfectly ;)
Paella, wine, family, and chocolates!!
Ah, that means I wont be able to go to the gym o:
Long day, lots of work - time for some ballet.
Hey what it do
Trying to be cool hanging with what should we make them for breakfast?
Looking for attractive models in the LA area for Coachella! Please email with photos. Dates are 4.14-4.18, ALL DATES
WILD CARD WILD CARD!!! ADVENTURE HERE WE COME!!!!
Missing my baby
Can Twitter really be useful in academia? II'll be listening in today #TwSIG - Tweet this SIG!
Thanks Shane.
All in all I had a wonderful day...
I would too RT : Random girls are always trying to kiss me =\
- That's awesome.
are the investors/teams more geographically dispersed (nat'l or int'l)? Or still centered in silicon valley, bos, NYC, etc?
Thanks for the follow and mention! Cheers.
My mother in law turns 92 tomorrow. Candles I bought for the cake say 29 though. Don't you hate it when that happens.
Everyone is drunk tweeting and shit and I'm at work....bust!
Release my anger in APC !
Taps culture's animosity toward "media," and of course now people are part of media.
the artist doing my makeup tonight was just telling me about this show and how amazing it is and now i really want to watch it
Hehe... I'm just learning from the best >>> ! Love workin' witcha'll, such good energy!
I'm moving to Italy. Pizza, pasta and paninis for the rest of my life.
CNN just announced Prime Minister Gordon Brown heading home from his holidays to take control of London.
(U kinda have a boy band) Can't play drums with knives so....Hug it Out! Great minds think alike!
Michele Bachmann Actually Thinks She Was One Old-Timey-Serial-Killing Clown ... - Jezebel
Colts game tonight with
Peru withdrawal.
I'd be happy to help; let me know how
It's time for The Walking Dead! ZOMBIES!
#middleschoolmemories everyone calling me a pothead, but now when i run into people i went to school with, they smoke bud now ha...
You know it's gonna be a good lunch when one of the ingredients in your sandwich is listed as "buttery goodness."
oh ok
If you're forgetting to rename your images as your keywords, you're missing a valuable SEO opportunity!
Thank you...
did you took pictures with them?
I know.... I've been more of a reader than a tweeter lately. Very busy with client work and haven't had much worth sharing :)
1 - Hanson's Every Word I Say. 2 - Carbon Leaf's Love, Loss, Hope, Repeat. 3 - Butch Walker's Day Drunk and now I am regrettably on Gotye.
Do not take what is not yours whether from a person, a community, the wilderness or from a culture
so good to see u on the scene again, I prayed 4 u when #Whitney passed, u were a real friend to her.
Woman to one side wants to talk to me about my shoes. Woman to left singing to herself. Outloud. ->why DPS is a twice/decade occurrence 4 me
Less than 2 weeks to cast you vote for the 2010 Viewers Choice Awards! Go to www.BestoftheBayTV.com to submit your votes!
I know u like them young but 15!? Really! and in a car! U r smarter than that.
oh wtf I didn't know !! haha that's chill(:
How can healthcare professionals be compensated for time spent on digital/phone patient engagement? Are new 3rd party payment models needed?
Mayor RT Rybak just spotted heading toward Governor Dayton's office.
Thinking about expanding my website.....
Updating the company site. Fun stuff. Can't wait for everyone to see it.
lmao I can see boo.
Anyone got Skype? tjustbeingme is mine.
to backup eli in new york
Middle & high school admin, there is an workshop in Stockton, CA for admin Sat 2/28/12. Join us!
This time next yr. I hope we're talking about Mark Sanchez. He's had an amazing run these playoffs. His confidence grows with each game.
wonderful, inspiring piece on Sam Ugglee. Wife and I loved it, thanks.
I never wanna go to prison.. these dyke bitches are cray cray
Support Local Music!! Facing Oblivion has a show January 15th at Cervantes. Check them out!!
Looking forward to taking the wife to The City for her first night away from Mac...but wondering is she? Separation anxiety expected...
Im not talking about career numbers, just this year.
have you been to el sultan in portland? amazing felafels...
Please do not tell me they are going to try to have Ben & Amy happen again -.-
Guys w/ Braces >> Soo Freakinn Cute ! (:
Make sure to find us on Facebook! ;)
Why cant some nigga's get along at parties then end up fighting about dumb crap.
iPhone 4S Ultimate Bike Pack Turns iPhone 4S into a GPS Bike Computer - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
Saw "Red Tails" 2day. Fantastic!! Support Wk2! George Lucas said "as close as your going to get to Episode 7" No need 4 costumes though.
Guys that are have tattoos and piercings >
Guess ill Whatch BasketBall and Go Over Myy Book
ATTN:all unsigned rappers,singers,dancers join our #Team send an email if you're TALENTED "WE GOT WORK!"
yay! I'll be off around 4 or 5 and I'll come straight to see house
haha! You didn't have another one about you say I say? 1 of my students said, "u say data, I say dAta." That's a good one!
snowing in Seattle. Cost a $1.75 to get here from San Diego today. drinking a Dead Guy Ale watching the snow downtown from the 28th floor
if you're in town next weekend let's grab drinks!
I give because 1 in 6 families in America are hungry.
ATTENTION #ChristiansGirls FOLLOW she is the ultimate
All out stores are open 7 days a week. If you need any cooling or A/C needs this weekend don't sweat it, just come in and get "chilled out"
No you're the one that lives far! Not me :(
Dont follow she's rude
getting dressed then getting my check:
DayDay ugly country black ass so country!
RT : There's a White Belt Intensive at my Studio over 2 weekends in August (10-12 and 17-19). I can't wait!!!
Heh. “: Kate Upton, guys. I'm not mad about it.”
The dreamers are the saviors of the world.
End of the 1st period & the #Wranglers lead 1-0 over the
Mammoth was awesome. Fresh powder and not freezing temps.
Being a teacher is hard :/ ugh but kids are napping so break till 2 listening to
does anyone know that iTunes/iMatch/iCloud is changing playlists and removing the digital books? missing over 1700 files
Thanks, Gio! Appreciate it.
Me n my girls just gonna be coolin it today
decided to test the load in speeds of Facebook and Myspace, and Myspace is faster. It is still slow as a quicksand drowning.
“: Flo-Rida makin that dough he raps on every commercial, the white folks love him”< that's all Boston ppl listen 2 he they fav
whats the point of showing the USA vs Ireland Rugby WC GAME a day late. Everyone knows the result. You suck
Save your purse. Ask your favorite restaurant to carry GourmeMist...
The spammers need to become a little more innovative with their pitch.
thank you kind sir
Nicks with a David Tyree-like catch for a TD to end the half!!!
On nights like this, I wonder why I chose to leave my guitar behind.
TOMORROW NIGHT get 1/2 off our pepperoni, sausage & peppers, or eggplant & fennel pizza. PASSWORD: INFINITY Dine in only.
Right; it's like being "more accurate"
Aww! Love that girl! Kerry is a beauty!
but some remarks were inappropriate. he dismissed all of our female membership as mere "secretaries"
tonight! Who's going to ?
How are u? How is life treating ya? I hope everything is going good
im text yu know then -.-
I burned my oven. And the chicken that was in it. I should just stick to Cheerio's for dinner.
This is Crazy!! FULL HOUSE!! wit Tony, DeRAY, DAVID & Deon & Sexy Marlo, IT GOING DOWN 2NITE!!
thanks for the RT. Hope to see you there!!!
lol no. Twitter is fucking with me. I RARELY block people.
No clue how Ovi lifting his feet to make a hit is still a talking point. Old news. He's been doing it for years.
The beauty of the body can bring, but only the beauty of the soul can hold.
Young Samuel Butler sent off to new Zealand to think great thoughts and understand Darwin.
Who remembers when F.P. Santangelo (while on the Expos) was hit in the face with a pitch and broke his nose? Think he was trying to bunt.
we try and we fall, but we live another day.
Poised Creation is now building our network of non-profit charity organizations to work alongside.
. Can we count on your vote to help us get a #VAGOP controlled Senate? Vote #GOP TODAY
On a scale of one to a raging boner I want cake
YaYayayayay!! One day in March friends! RT : I'm not leaving until Friday now!
I thought Brock Lessner would of came out after taker victory to set up next year
Wish I wouldnt had twisted my knee at work yesterday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3> payin for it today!
yup, at the end of the day, family is what is always there for you (and family-like friends).
If we had karaoke @ our private club, would you join? Hit me up w/ tweet or @ myspace
I'd love to. Any day but Monday works for me.
I will!
are you suggesting I bruise your lips to achieve that color? *grins*
WATCHING PUNK'D
Yay!!! Ladies, let me know what transpires with this!
did you hear Sparky giggle like a school girl when Gary said that on the air today? Made me laugh..
lmao word he did! I wonder if #JCole watched Sivaji? #inspiration?
Gorgeous out! Love it!!!
because my lips are even more Nom Nomy than brownies.
How do you save a drowning mouse ? Use mouse to mouse resuscitation !
Anyone thinking of traveling the world this summer? Where would you want to go? -PT
While packing, I have become completely obsessed with the show, "Amish: Out of Order." Obsessed. I want a buggy.
Man. Im not ready for real life yet! lol
Apple should green light full app release today. Seeing some confusion with customer base over free app.
your girl is so high maintance I don't know how you do it bro.
Just be happy you still have the western coyote out there. We have the "new and improved" version here in the east.
Aaawwww... Here u go.. Loll!! U know u gone always be my #BabyJoker ;)
You can't just go to a commercial after that!!!!!
YES!! I already told Kari I'm in for sure. Done and done. You know I love me some 80s bands. :)
yeah I saw them at Warped Tour two years ago I really like their Favorite Fix CD
I absolutely adore you! So great to see you have an awesome week!
Tonight!!! Tonight!! Club 212 Bunny Bash
haha yeah I wish
The guy infront of Walgreens made my day! with
Got through Physics without presenting.
Thanks for the RT last Friday! Hope you had a great weekend!
Dolce bag, Dolce chair, I should get some Dolce hair!! Since we talking Dolce maybe I can lend u hoes a pair!!!
We only have 7 classes left in my English class & he wants us to read the book Fight Club
Good lift In
nice shades! We gotta link up on the show swap. Id like to tell u ab #TheUnionNetwork & intro u to
Going to bed!
either works.
loving the Disney tweets. Hope there's some adult beverages at the end of the rainbow?
Check out ' resource about the IRS' revocation of certain NPS' tax-exempt status.
Hi y'all, sorry to bug you, but could you check out this band? They are called "Wellington" #OneMoreTime is their song ty :)
Woot! RT YAY! I'm so excited! My chubby baby boy needs some professional photos.
Jealous! Have a bowl of chowdah and say hi to Wally the Green Monster for me. Boston Bound.
Put hairspray on it before you wash it :))
Back in the day the only reason I would watch a Chargers game is because of Junior Seau !!!
confirmed flights for Palm Springs. It's going to be a great day.
Pernell McPhee is about to become a NFL superstar.
<U+2665> Biking really IS for lovers! Lovers of health, nature, adventure, & humanity. We love our community, which is YOU! Happy #VDay, Friends! <U+2665>
r u going to the lmsa conference in February??? Its in boston
im sorry i wish it was 5:30 so we can do our tinychat
Here at #AASL11 - first person to come to booth 330 gets a beautiful black t-shirt free if you say the password "Finland"
Sometimes you gotta do what you gotta do.
What are you in the mood for, and how many in your party?
Christopher Meyer on #compliance: "Some of the biggest risks facing universities right now are changes to the False Claims Act"
watching the #crunchies online right now, would love the Nokia phone!
RT : Follow and I'll follow you ~
oh hey jake, follow us randomly. love ya too boo (;
Check out this story. He is the David Peed of the west coast. es.pn/z7E2DU
yes! I'm going to check them out after work. I was thinking that would be a good option!
IT: You broke it. Me: Yes, but I learned something. IT: What's that? Me: Not to do that again.
Jeremy Kembel sums up Social Self-Service as PIE (People, Information, Experience). Apt acronym for a session right before lunch.
Hello Nice to hear from you. I believe that we know Phil Lazarus in common. Have a great day.
maaaannn what I do now?! Lol
Health Tip: Cantaloupe & other melons help reduce blood pressure. Check out the benefits of other summertime veggies at SpiritMag.com
is looking for suggestions on how to forecast for repairable items. How do you forecast when a tool is gonna break?
m. hot chocolate.
Watching Aeon Flux with the boy. Because my mission is to turn him into a scifi reader.
Great meeting you today at #sdsms. Hope to grab a #craftbeer offline sometime. Cheers!
hey whats up, you game?
my computer doesn't like tumblr. i can scroll through, but i can't make a picture big or reblog anything
who r you
I may not be religious but I'm spiritual.
Speaking of spam... RT “: Who co-founded Apple? A)Steve Jobs, B)Bill Gates. Text your answer to ********* and Win an Apple Prizes!”
Dude, Idk how you assemble 45 minutes of relevant footage about this man. Segments on his endorsements? Lol
court/spark
Sorry guys: I have never knowingly listened to the Beastie Boys. How else can I annoy the Internet today? Admit I'm not a big Star Wars fan?
Big things soon. Stoked for the show Friday, we will have a suprise!
Obama message focused on the WE rather than the ME- Scott Thomas
I don't have a link. I'm working on an article but would like it published with a photo. :)
I can't wait to see the all new Shake It Up with special guest star !!!! I <3 YOU
I'll seriously do it ;D
Thanks for the follow! I might have to post an old pic here of u & I from when u were 12. HAHA!!!
just waiting for you to notice me(:
A very Happy Birthday to my sexy husband ! Love you!
If you were to pummel , wouldn't it look like next level Gertner style fighting with more arm flailing?
It's GORGEOUS!! Happy Mothers Day!!!
you were a good expendable person! :)
where are you going to college? :o
ur an ass
Just cause we broke up doesnt that I dont like you anymore ?
Friends, thank you for taking even just a second to check us out. we are here for you. for those just wake a cup of black will do well
Waiting on audio file renders—missing my eight cores of awesomeness.
am correcting my prior tweet to say AND you have impressive intelligence. Truth.
Is it normal for musicians to have withdraws when coming off the road?? #imisstour :-(
I hope that doesn't happen.
Who is the new owner?
Stay tuned..Smiles
I'm going to take a wild guess (based upon 37,325,632 basecamp email messages) that is working tonight.
Its too early for a juggalo.... but i gotta wake up and slang dis herb.
Sitting on top of a meatball
Scott's Tots
I have a blog idea abt a GIRLS ONLY trip to Portland, replete with a stay on the waterfront, drinks, desert, spa services.
Congratulations Rahm Emanuel: Chicago's yours now (as if election was ever in doubt). It still looks OK, but the cracks are starting to show
Hi mr Azbell it's Harrison did we win our first game?
Don't feel good at all, Shower then hopefully bed.
If I knew we'd end up at the bar I wouldn't have drank so much at dinner... Goo to see old friends!
Good luck for Sunday - what's your take on Tito being let go?
At Wing Stop with my bf >:D
Is it too early for #Wineparty ?
well i go to a tech school and im transferring to public so there was a fair chance <-Kelsey xoxo>
it is quite good, but a bit boozy at 10% abv. I don't mind though.
": How to spot a hater: They tell you they don't want what you have"
#CentralFL,what did you think about the #Avengers movie?
Brilliant drawing of bald Britney Spears with an umbrella bahaha
Cat's Cradle is now one of my top favorite books. Wow…
SO DAMN HOT.... FACEBOOK DISABLED MY ACCOUNT. UGH. IT WAS PROBABLY A DISGRUNTLED FAN LOL OH WELL ON TO THE NEXT ONE LOL
one of my cousins is moving to MN, which resulted in a convo w/my family about whether or not MN is part of the MidWest.
That's an erotic picture :)
Why Big Wealth Flows Straight to the Top
Yehh buddy, Great refreshing shower..
whatup! Been a minute man. If you're free come down to the studio this week.
Convicted killer Walter Casper back in jail on parole violation. Victim's brother says it's not safe for him to be out
Miley says she’s not a role model, she gets hate. Miley tries to be a role model, she gets hate.
Going out this weekend?? Always make sure you have a safe ride home. For the lowest rates in the city call VIP Taxi at 520-300-3000
Yes, please come have a bite and a drink while you're here! Thanks for the love, !
I don't know what you said about the band, but I'm just gonna assume its positive :) thanks!!!
We're about to go get lunch...any suggestions? What are you all having today?
At the end of 70- the Mercedes Benz have only 3 persons at Moscow- Breznev, Visotskiy and Karpov
Oh my and with a Zac Efron reference too. Nicely done!
God has no Phone, but I talk to him. He has no Facebook, but he is still my friend. He does not have a Twitter, but I still follow him.
me too!! I had a coach wasn't great (another story) love how she coached the young man to be a landscaper now that is coaching!
"Someone will blow the whistle on your heroes" -Robert Storr@ archivist symposium
Sometimes there is a chili dog.
Dreams don't take vacations when people do. - Gone.
Latest on the Hialeah shooting is coming up on NBC6 after weather
Phew, publishing an ebook is difficult in terms of the formatting process.
Good Morning!!!!!
I dnt want "The Perfect Nigga" I want a faithful, loyal nigga who I can trust :)
500K three days before 3/20 election really puts the lie to fantasy of Martelly as outsider fighting entrenched old guard
isn't #pinterest the best? Its like an elegant mosaic of bookmarks. :) Clever.
Looking forward to tonight's escapades with - where will we end up?
Along with success comes a reputation for wisdom.
Oh, they have much more than that.
It's all about the rhythm.
Did Peyton Manning just get snapped for only winning 4 mvp's and a superbowl?
Another great day to do some more practice sketches.
Wilson evolution the basketball were dating!
interesting discussions this week on whether book covers are necessary with ebooks & Overdrive data saying that covers encourage reading.
these photos you are posting are tinier than my pinky nail.
Trapped In My Mind....
Mirka gave Roger a peck?? How sweet. That never happens.
So who is up for the ring of fire tommorow in southern Utah?
Make sure to join our Facebook Page...
Thanks for the RT.
ONE DIRECTIONS HOSTING MTV PLAYLIST TOMORROW MORNING. freaking out. i watch that every morning while getting ready fo school
4pm cannot come soon enough!!! #longassworkweek #makeitstop only 8 hours until its over!
Last year I asked santa for the sexiest person on earth, the next day i woke up in a box...
thinks the thing he misses most about blogging is hating people.
Loved Barbie PINK Flapper dress during the quickstep!! So cute!
#thingsisaidinthe90s that's dope, and Britney is the coolest
Doggy daycare for Nalla.
Way to ride on the coattails of 's tweet...
Lucky. RT Officially 4 months until I leave for India!!
nope and I'm very cool
smart ice cream
While true, but you get rid of the helmets you lose your grip on being the #1 sport in America.
I saw Avengers. A cool action flick. The last scene is after the credits. Don't leave too soon.
Not a picnic for non-jazz lovers either!
I can't stand really tall people that wear 5 inch high heels, seriously leave the heels to the short people that actually need it like me!
Julian is short. And i thought louis was pretty short...haha but its kinda cute(:
Just drove through south bend.
Me: Oh, your dog's name is Bentley?! Is that after Teen Mom? Canadian: I have no idea what you're talking about.
Fair. It's just, mostly I was always like, "Yay, an excuse to read Shakespeare!" Unless it was, like, Heart of Darkness. BLEH
#nowplaying Bob Dylan, "Visions of Johanna"
I think that you are beasting my friend. Love the work and versatility.
Even though I am an #Angels fan for life, I do have to say congrats to Josh Hamilton on his incredible week he just had.
You got that right, coach! ;) “: a few coaches make millions. Many don't.”
No matter how big and strong you may be, when you sit down in that dentist chair, you turn into a helpless child.
These stupid state exams -.- . Well good luck to everyone who's been taking them .
I feel so bloated -.-
Omg Susan is leaving.
Aw shucks, guys. Thankyouverymuch.
fell asleep during the last quarter of the #SPURS game last night...I'm an old man, sigh
baby shampoo=amazing looking forward to day three.
Josh Hamilton wants us to forget all the beer talk and watch the World Series... live from BUSCH Stadium.
You're in a school. I only attend meetings. I'm scared of people under the age of 55.
canon G11. I have the G10 and love it!!
#USHLI 2012 Latino Professional’s Networking Reception is starting now.
and not to be braggy, but because I think you'd like to hear this- I got a callback for this one today
Congratulations & ! WE GOT UR BACK! #GoPackGo!!
Who's excited for our interview with ?! I'll be posting it in about an hour!
that sounds like a great turnout! I'm sure the players had a blast!
Im happy for nyc mahomies and everything but. I just think he shoulda gone to a different state.
I love her already.
is wrapping up post-production on client videos, one shot in UK, the other a quarterly market update.
Common sense is so rare it should be classified as a super power.
and I need to get serious about my field trip to Centralia.
#Pizza m my favorite
I love "Cupcakes " their just so Cute ^.^
I made this remix myself (: like it ? (:
“: Call MN before May 3and request he stop the #wolf hunt. " please rt & help
I hope MamaJen feels better :/
LOL @ girls who can't keep a guy for a week.
RT : Know someone that speaks fluent German in Austin looking for 10 hr/wk translator position at an awesome company?
#cleanlakesfest today Water Water Every where - lets keep it there and clean to boot attend! Madison!
Gonna need to hit up the Home Depot this wknd. Gotta grab some sheet metal, metal fencing, and 2x4s.
yo i got more time free on my hands now... lets work fam...
2nite on CN|2 Sports: UK-UL baseball recap & , , & join me for Part 1 of a spirited debate on the word 'thug'
eat a dick bitch
thank you darling (;
We are in baby stage of development but super exited to start delivering quality sound to El Paso!
thanks! Where you fron
it's been very exciting. Custom streams, jive anywhere, try on cloud for free, office+outlook integration. What stands out 4 u?
#ConfessionNight I watch an insane amount of porn.
What are your plans for Holiday imprinted promotional items?
One more fuckin love song, I'll be sick.
At what point does over eating become an attempt on ones life? Pretty sure I am approaching that fork in the road.
Tomorrow Thrive Lunch will be held at The Wright Place in Wausau! We will be celebrating Alfred's Birthday! Lunch menu will be available.
": =====> When a stud hate cause a female they USE to fool wit wana f-ck wit me. GTFO cause #IAinWitThatShit" say that shit
Let's Go!
Tebow will get swallowed alive in New York. Even though he won't start over Sanchez, he's gonna get burn because of the hype.
#HateIt When My Phone Falls On My Face >:/
I love happy guests! RT : the best tour I've ever been on. wonderful blend of information ... put a ton into half day
setting up a twitter account as if I need another thing to do online!
I feel sad tonight and I don't know why.
girl that's wen we got obsessed with Johnny rockets shakes remember!
it's obvious the don't like Mr. Mike Brown. I mean c'mon! Like he could follow right behind the Phil Jackson reign ! Lol
that would be such a huge pick-up. his leadership is needed
You know when you've gone for a girl who's abit too young when you've got to make the train noise to get your C&*k in her mouth
Follow - Connector of people, speaker of truths and an all around great individual!
Who's your pick for Mayweather vs. Cotto???
lol omg really! I hope I don't
Thank you so much!!
Apparently getting coffee this late in the morning is a new trend...
I'll be at #NAAMBA conf in NYC 9/10 with Dell team. Who is joining us? Lots of Dell jobs to be had
They are some of the most patriotic folks I have come across and have a great family foundation.
Daughter's birthday! Happy BD to June 15ers!! Going to trial in this unjust system.Supoena Dr.Doyne his lies/greed for Dad's $$.as he sleeps
Or order $50 of Avon Products (excluding any items with the * Asterisk) And you receive $30 of Free Avon.
Trying to figure out why I'm getting "no service" at home. Good ol' AT&T. 3G? More like NoG.
Or maybe I just hate when my past dates/ex boyfriends pop up on my screen.
Hell, yes! \m/ EL TACODOR!! \m/ RT Cinco de Mayo, and you better believe El Tacodor is in the house!
I THINK I KNOW WHO YOURE TALKING ABOUT!
Forever and always, yo.
It's okay my feminine hormones are acting up too :/
This #MothersDay, treat yourself to up to 70% off the brands you love.
his category has a focused specialization as it deals with specific kind of essays, namely analytical.
thank u 2!! LOL!! i only kno a few words I live in texas so u need to kno a lil spanish :P
Happy Virgo full moon & thanks for the follows , , , , and
Birthday babe so sweet and beautiful, showing off some sexy dance moves at right now! Get it girl!
I am in the market for a copy of The Movielife's "40 hour Train" on vinyl. Anyone have a copy they're willing to part with?
You can't solve problems within the confines of subject content
Yeah, I just retweeted I want to meet Tim Gunn dammit!!!
I was yelling as i slowed down but the slope was steep, we were in WIDE OPEN area; 4/7 went n2 my way, as I sped around on short ground
I thought it was a play on Write vs Wright and Care 'n and Karen. But I don't know if there's another meaning!
who you got? Phil or Rashad?
i will check on dinners without info during the next break. Should be on the sheets after last concurrents.
My 1000th tweet.
My cat just darted out of the room when the front door opened. Cracking up lol
Grab a copy of today's ROCWeekend section: Natasha Musquasha rocks it! Love that we're their Best Bet for the weekend's Sports, too.
no that's what my head looks like..
Thank you LUKAS and BEST TO YOU! Keep ROCKIN!
Thomas!! Thomas!!! Thomas!!!!
that's what crazy girls say to feel better. Heyoooo!
Getting excited for the shows with , at on 8/20 and #SpinBartini on 8/21!!!
I'm pissed at Nixon for creating that anytime something goes wrong it gets a "-gate" suffix. Annoying!
G'morning, Gordy! :)
RT : Let your tongue walk on this p*ssy.well damn
quite a few it seems. I have homework to do and I hate and dread the idea of doing it again and again. Where is summer?
. Thanks for the RTs!
makin mama proud, you hot thing
I had a crush on #TRACIE Spencer that woman voice makes my blood rush
seethe Size Matters panel at #MFEConference to hear Michael Ytterberg, Principal, BLTa, talk about apts of the future
Morning. Here I come. Be right there.
An EMS needed at the #UrbanMeyer presser? In the movies, that's call foreshadowing.
Bosh need ta get his head out dat hole and play so dis game will get more interestin.
NY, come through!
tonight was the 1st I ever watched the voice..great to see real talent not crazies trying to get on tv! +love Adam Levine haha
i need some head .
story of my life.
eats and dresses well and has adorable dog. I consider him one of Baltimore's famous people.
i feel like this wouldn't fly with paolini
With time and patience, the mulberry leaf becomes satin. With time and patience the mulberry leaf becomes a silk gown. -Chinese proverb
on I will tell u whn he replies
I will shoot to ass from right here!!
Are you in NY from the 8th through the 17th of Feb at all?
thank you im glad you like it! and thanks for following
will you be getting a new Apple iPod or Touch?
On average, how many trees are used during development of a #NewPlay ? #DowninthefaceofGod seems to have taken out a small forest...
Decided to pre-order Max Payne 3
Great night at Exchange LA w/ DJ David Delano! Don't miss our special event this wednesday with international superstars Cosmic Gate!
Getting information off the Internet is like taking a drink from a fire hydrant. Mitchell Kapor
My biggest regret on this trip is not having time to get shocked at museum. It sounds like an electrical good time.
Just a day in the life RT : "The waiter at chuys was at my day party" says
Yes! Great news!
I've got 6 horses in this race, WPS. I'm feelin pretty good.
She is waiting on the Preds.
Chorus to celebrate music by Americans
There should be an iphone app that lets you update your own blog that is on your own server. Anyone agree? Lets develop one!
seeing u last night..have u checked out Dove Style Mag yet? Hope u can make the launch event this weekend :-)
I can't wait for to go in on Amare's dumb ass during donkey of the day. I know he's upset but seriously where is your composure?
thanks! more tracks are in the works
It's Holiday Marketplace at your library! 10-4 today, join us for live music, vendors, raffles, holiday stories, food, and more!
you should look to see if there are any teams!
Republicans Agenda pt 4. 14. Kill off the Government and have Rich Corporations Rule America Policy. 15. White Supremacy with Negro Favorite
It's funny when people block you on twitter. Hahahaha
when surprised me at work today >>>>
“: Might take a trip to raleigh to see the who else is down?” yes please!
How can we work as organic intellectuals to undermine oppressive efforts?
Cryotherapy y'all
thanks man u r pretty cool guy! We will have to talk more!
awl mane that's harsh friend lol
This nigga Tre just said Walter T Raw, Lil dick no balls... lmao
oh nothing. About to head up there and install these new locks.
Go follow she follows back! c; <U+2665>
found it. good idea!
we should create a second Congress lol.
for a while now, yes
Word! “: Buddy, you are so spot-on! Release your anxiety, resistance, expectations and struggle, just trust and enjoy the ride."
Fire and Ice! Great theory
Did you know that ninjas date back to the 14th century?! We're 21st century ninjas! What makes you a modern day ninja?
Who would your rather send flowers to? P. Diddy, Ralph Macchio, or Laura W. Bush? Cuz it's their birthday today :) Anyone else today?
you can talk to me if you want though i might not be much help.
Ugh ! They only came ONE TIME ! ONE FREAKING TIME !!! & never again will you see in Jacksonville ,FL !!
start your engines...get set...GO!!!
I wonder if is backstage right now nervous or is he tweeting?
Trin, you are a goddess. Im excited I get to keep up with your awesomeness :-D
I'm still hungry!
I love that is always on twitter. He probably won't see this, but if he does...... Hello there. How are you?
i am going thru concert withdrawl... Ugh:(
YOU WON!
Yes!!": Spring 2012 will launch online tomorrow morning..."
that sounds like one i would love.
's father has passed Donna was a devoted and caring daughter. Mr Brazile was a #veteran Please join me in condolence
I know i sexed ur cousin, but I ain't mess with ur sister like your baby daddy did
DTTO... Up 400%... little dip here perfect time to hop in. Back to .05 we go!!!
Faith is the most powerful force in the universe. Believe in word of Good in you.
Right on! ": The rain is not stoping us... MAU students, staff, and faculty are at #Relayforlife at Bermudez Park in #Doral."
You're not missing much. Detroit up 2-0 after 1.
4 minutes to cut spokes. 9 minutes to lace. 40 minutes to build. 55 minutes to find a pen.
Turned out to be an intentional brownout to save energy. It's almost as hot as NOLA over here today! Heat index 100.
Glendale scores in the corner and misses the kick 3-8
Thats my favorite song by them!!
Age-based #curfews send the message to law-abiding youth that our society makes no distinction between them and irresponsible juveniles.
Anyone ever tell you that you two could be brothers? RT : show in atx
Oh just bawling my eyes out during the notebook.. Nbd
I wish I had a lot of money to pay vocalist to sing the songs on my record. 50+th play of Either Way this week...c.can't stop!
RIP Steve Jobs. Let's fix education so we can create the next generation of Steves.
It's kids all morning at the FFL! First Steps at 930, Kiddie Cafe at 10 and Let's Get Moving with My Gym at 1030!
Kentucky bound in 8 hours :)
some people got it bad tho, they even do it in text messages smh
doesn't it? I'd be down.
Thanks for the great call ! So blessed to have met you at #SparkandHusltle LA.
I love the rain <U+2614><U+2614><U+2614><U+2614>
welcomes you to another broadcast day from the MPVT Studios.
Real firedrill.. who! Most exviting this year!
Friday, saw new flick "Chloe" at DGA (Director's Guild of America). Sat and Sun workshoped w/a few other CA's (casting assoc/or assist).
Anyone interested in a 22-mile run this Sunday... and know of a trail within an hour of Portland that isn't a complete mess right now?
Reading about Latino Day at the Capitol in MN - great to see energized political activity in the community!
I have no clue. We are so lost.
you too? Hahaha I used to think he was hot
I have a running list if u would like to see it :P
aww good job. Always hate those
This too shall pass. What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.
isn't it why they invented Twitter? If I wanted to be thoughtful, I'd write a letter
Thanks. Me, too.
Aha hacked by # yourbestfriend
maybe then he will leave me alone!! Whenever he stews at me I feel like he is planning kidnap or something!!
haha! Girls, man. Okay. So I'll expect that picture on your Tumblr, to which I don't have a link, on Monday. ;)
nope, no license plates here anywhere close to being "cre8ive"!
not sorry at effing all
When you really care about someone, their happiness matters more than yours.
in my dream last night I was in a wedding gown...& eating lucky charms from a vending machine with . what could that mean??
I wish so too! Cool, crisp, clean air and lots of trees. No humidity and less spiders too.
Fine, i'm taking my monsterbuns elsewhere!
Good morning to the , we are sending you a Monday Shout-out, have a great week and thanks for the awesome #FF ;)
Happy Birthday! Looking forward to a well-written birthday blog. No pressure ; )
No one goes hungry today...Cuz I said so.
Drank by da paint dro by the pound
Ugh I wish... I'm dead haha moving isnt an option. Anyway you're sposed to come visit me in Takoma now!
I wonder if anyone else caught it? Good report though can't wait til 1 pm is a great competitor better book ur sb tickets
keep doing ya thing....much respect and keep your ears to the ground for "Poitier"
wow!! never knew best buy had a instrument store I always went to guitar center....
Chicago union members board a bus headed to Springfield to protest WI Gov. Scott Walker's speech to more than 200 biz leaders there
Sometimes you just need
Great title!
Happy New Year!!! Love ya! God bless! :)
I think it's the coolest thing ever that Katy Perry has a cat named Kitty Purry.
Well yeah. These people know what they're in for when they sign up then act like idiots
Can someone pls tell me where to be and what to do for #SXSW b/c I'm really not equipped for this. If you need me, I'll be
official totals range from 14-19 & I think we had about 17. no more since then, but it's been very cold.
I'm here every day, darlin. You should introduce yourself to this pink-haired waitress. :)
Break time!
Follow me please you are amazing
Nice 2 tweet you 2! I lurk mostly, but check regularly. Hope ur research is going well. I'm getting into end of classes busy.
Hey happy b-day I hope you have a great day del
I only break out my Cookie Monster impression if a date is going terribly or really well.
How's that Burt Reynolds mustache looking? Is it past the 'Burt - Aged 10' stage?
Damn this girl already smoked like 9 cigarettes and we have only been here about half an hour. Lol
Lil Wayne being sued again for 15 million.
One thing I enjoy about the later draft rounds is hearing names of players I haven't heard of since Michigan was recruiting them 4 yrs ago
Ricotta pancakes may be the greatest thing in the ENTIRE WORLD. Dang, can't wait to blog about these bad boys!
Today's BTU inspiration: "The only way to have a life is to commit to it like crazy." ~Angelina Jolie
Due to inclement weather, tonight’s choir rehearsal has been cancelled.
I made lots of amazing connections at Speed Networking last year and also got to meet the awesome ! #ncph2012 great event!
RT : Thursday: Join us with for the Wild & Scenic Film Festival It benefits
dont ya just love that one <3
#church was real dis morn
“: we miss you at Juanas! This old band is crap!” we miss the panhandle! See you soon!
Helping out with boys night out for the boys and girls clubs! Fun stuff!
Mike & Molly is a show about fat people. Why would anyone watch that?
It's easier to accept the apps others have made than to learn how computers work & make our own apps.
Faithful Ass Females >>>>>
-- but skydeck is hardly an organization instilling enough confidence in me to risk a significant project.
Already excited for the May 8 panel w/ Christine Pelosi in Sacto - "Is Democracy too Slow?" Our fantastic co-host/partner:
I think yes. He has given campaign speeches in North Carolina several times during the relevant period and gays are his base.
time for #gingrich to
Diddy won his Oscar!
RT : Visit #Acquia at #cmsx in Chicago to learn more about #drupalcommons! & are speaking at the event!
's love/hate relationship with Starbucks has tipped the scale in the hate direction. Stupid stupid Sbux.
one direction on SNL <U+2665>
RIP Alan Felder Who taught me how to create hits!!! He was a writer for Philadelphia International Records
Misses football way too much #blackngold runs in my veins #steelers!!!!
Hello there
It is a beautiful day in Arizona - and another day to enjoy life!
Vikings may actually win!
Thank goodness that there is an economist on a panel discussing pricing schemes
starting at 60 thompson hotel's thom bar with the cool people 10pm-12 and then to hot rdv nyc.
Getting geared up for lots of audio and video projects for Hanson Harmonies and our other clients.
RT : YOUR vote counts! Send in ur ballot & vote YES 4 #sagaftra "03" was decided by just 600 votes! Dual cardholders get TWO...
let me know if you need a mix on that record. I wanna have fun too! I'm serious.
God Damnit Gabo you dick! go back to minnesota you dick!!! This is #CAPS country!
ALA Master Series: A library occupies #Occupy Wall Street w/ iSchool alum Zachary Loeb.
Yeah! My schedule is pretty much wide open...
It's almost 2am and I'm so
#quote You can have everything you want in life if you’ll just help enough other people get what they want.- Zig Ziglar
When my mommass mad, you dont wanna mess with her!
saw osu cheerleaders at TT basketball game tonight. They had their guns up for TT.
Tebow does what he's always does...he WINS.
I'm sorry for letting anything get between us. I love her and always will. <U+2665>
Hey #utaou participants! Today I used sketching technique to work through a problem and it worked great!
I believe yu look your best when u have no make up on <33
attn for tweet of the week Oh boy. One of the neighbor's chickens somehow managed to get onto their trampoline.
To those who wake up while the room is still spinning/ But still tweet about it and hashtag it
ugh. Nothing like people who don't know what they're talking about telling you your business.
Ok, this is too cute <U+2665> RT : RT : Hey, : Happy Valentine's Day. -bo
two insurance companies hit me up and are like "hey we need you and your experience, please work for us"
I'll be arriving Friday evening at sxsw, we should definitely catch up!
It is one beautiful night to be out riding bike! Booya!
After that incredible half time show by Madonna, I don't even care about the rest of the game!!! Amazing!
Approaching 2 years since MDX told us they were studying a customer reward program. Let's go already MDX.
what's your fave basketball team steve?
fuck this house for not having baking soda.
Already have the numbers of the 4 tournament channel memorized
Same reason the Mandarin Sunday takeout is! #wishyouwerehere RT : I hate you pizza!! Why are you so delicious??
leaving Monday. Let's meet up tomorrow? You close to Orlando? Haha
and that will be?
I clearly need a #spotify account by now, don't I?
what do you want asslicker
sadly, it would not help at this point! Ugh.
Will you be joining at Beer-Con? Be sure to thank them for their continued support.
Dudes if you guys are in town come hang out with us tonight at the Office.
I'm exhausted today. Slammed a good strong cup of coffee and cranked the "Raw Power" record. But alas, no avail.
Belagerdly, but: to ale with him. (Forgive the terrible quality of the puns, it's a first draught.)
I love water<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
With entire #griffins lineup playing for #redwings due to injuries, I assume Toledo #walleyes call up my brother Steve next week.
a line like that for Red Space is on the normal/small side.
I think we been hacked, sorry about the spam guys!
hope you feel better soon, Matt! not cool.
In #Seattle stuck inside because of #snowmageddon has a bright side. Finally watching in marathon fashion. Frikkin funny.
thanks for the mention, much appreciated!
if got hundreds of complaints from millions of orders I would consider that a success. Still best to gift flowers IRL IMHO
So we were together almost 3 yrs and u think I cant pick u out a crwd. I see u still lying, guess it was for the best. SMDH, wrds cant expln
his jealousy of Paul grows by the minute...it's sad really
Katie Arsenault is live on air now from 10-11!
seven of us in english..
Badass. We're throwing a party at Sports and Social Club this Saturday. Can you e-mail me an .mp3 and we'll play it there.
well I was playing with charlie but hes being mean x)
today's one of those days when the auto-tweets just look ridiculous in the stream.
1. lingerie is not a birthday gift for her, its a gift for you, so, no. 2. know the correct size, especially if you're (1/2)
We're as shocked as you! RT : haha what #SimonCowell just complimented ?! SWEET
We appreciate everyone who supports Poised Creation! Without you music would die!
Crack babies should go to rehab.
“: Who's watching the Bears game?” - c'mon.
Practicing in Dupont Circle today. Also preparing for an upgrade to our Xray capability with Kodak. Very exciting to provide the newest tech
Make sure to check your email! Our Coaching U Live Newsletter has been sent out!
Thanks for promoting us to the JCU folks!
IS A HOT MO-FO! ...remember me from Falcon?
Happy cinco de mayo! A holiday to some, but still a work day to us!
Don't fight hate with more hate. Only love can conquer.
did richie assist carter cause that would be too cute
I've heard stories.
Ben, I think I've got what it takes.
I went on a plant tour yesterday. the whole car manufacturing process is fascinating
Council of Baptist Pastors gave their support for Council and Mayor Bing to sign the consent agreement as it retains local elected powers.
This commercial about avg. #Baltimore low temperature in Jan. being 24 is especially funny when it's 50 degrees right now.
We could meet up later this week. Do you live in the Dayton area?
#FIU AD Pete Garcia does it again and attracts ANOTHER big name to come to Calle Ocho... Just how deep do his connections go?
She's a 30-year old veteran activist...What "college student?"
Narcissistic quote of the day: "Trained at a commercial gym today and they ran out of weights for me to use." - Master Trainer
is RUN RUN
great seeing you guys--let's do it again soon.
Yep. I'm goin out with my mom at 2. :) I'll be home by 3:30.
Cotto is looking for a 3 round COMBO
Happy mothers day mom. I love how we don't even need to say out loud that I'm your favorite child.
I hear youre babay-sittin me o'er yonder where the golden wheat grows! With Bridgemeister and Federal Willis!!!
If you want to see something depressing, read tweets from high schoolers.
Last night in Scranton, headed back to Philly tomorrow. Next week NYC.
Been debugging the same problem for… oh, 9 days or so. Started to doubt the validity of universal constants. This is actual nihilism.
very ill.
well that's very good...I'm proud of you
Oh work is fun... ha fuck that
Yet, I remain fascinated by the Caucasus. RT Azerbaijan's plans for a one kilometer-tall skyscraper, via
yes its real show to your all your motorcycle friends & family. Motorcyclist wear your helmets!
well im gonna watch a few One Direction videos and see why everyone likes them so much because i really do not think they are hot
Defining "we the community" is a very tricky proposition. Just nebulous enough to be both ignored & exploited at same time. Sad.
Ha! Yeah I think it's pretty cool.
Sundays are so awesome.
lol ya of course. Love her!
RT : Our two boys had a great time at the Aggie Experience today. All the players and coaches were first-class.
hey,,could you tell to tweet me back too??im from philippines,,im ARLO thanks..:)
Anyone want to lend me a Mac power cord tomorrow for an hr or 2? Pretty please?
Reminder: Employment Coaching tmrw 10-2pm @ 506 Central Ave. Also,only a few days left until our Senior Food Basket Giveaway! Donate!
hey! whats your question?!
Mayor Gray: “We cannot do this alone…The people of the District – ALL of the people – must be a part of these efforts.”
Yeah and is somehow host of that local WI Lottery TV Game show. owns a crepes cafe called "Godard's"
Q:YO THEM VINTAGE YELLOW OR JUST DIRTY? A:NAW, & TOOK A PISS ON EM!
maybe he felt you needed to be informed.
yeah I was shocked it is gonna be great finale
mixing tonight for album. so many tracks, so little time!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
Take a leap for charity with Extreme Moms! 2nd Annual Skydive Event Dec 10th! Email to sign up.
The whole tone scale is my friend, I shall not want...
Haha! We're thrilled to have you join us tonight, Thom!
thanks for following
Following up on RTD stabbing from last night in Aurora. Have you ever seen any strange things happen while on public transportation?
I bought an I-phone today. Let the app-downloading begin!
Getting my Friday started no kid this weekend
Courses Putting the teeth back into the Blue Monster for Donald Trump On Feb. 27, Donald Trump announced that he had purchas
are you excited for believe?
Sad to see a player in his prime get cut and possibly see his career end. But I don't think the Pack had a choice - had to release Collins.
#Celtics fan forever we won lakers lost.
Fuck ya physics and maths and get from any other idiot your solutions -.-
Indeed but a stop is necessary RT : Off to work!!
The Bats just went extra innings, and I know someone - if she's working tonight - who is really ticked about now. Ha
Meanwhile, brotherman will not stop smacking his gum in my ear. Thankful it's a short flight to DFW.
In other news - Avengers - still awesome - worth the Imax just to feel the Scale of Whedon's conception - DvL
Metta World Peace OUT FOR 6 PLAYOFF GAMES after receiving a 7 game suspension. No big deal! The Lakers are better off without him!
We look forward to seeing you here tonight for .
Good luck with the drive!
Good Morning!!!!
Whirlwind is good. Radial is used by more pro bassists. email me () and we can go over details.
just an hour and a half left to vote for the SG elections! I voted , you should to! :)
Holy crap - went to apple store and it was packed!
Straight sealing the deal
Dieng is smacking the orange off the ball!!!!!'
Watching for class... gotta love that State education :)
#ThatAnnoyingFeeling you get when your soo tired but you can't sleep-.-
: is that your wife or g.f ? She's very pretty
lol know all the choreographies she'd b proud
Wow what a sports weekend in Wisconsin! The perfect storm.
Remember, too, that biology doesn't make you a Mother. It's the love and care you have in your heart for that little person who trusts you.
Me:*knocks cup over* oh gosshh!! : ohh gosh that could have real bad, real fast!!!
Who owns the learning? Rarely do students own, direct, lead learning. Great schools, students own the learning. Alan November
i'm sleepy . someone text me
ooh, haven't caught Maximum Overdrive yet *adds to list* Netflix: good for something. :)
let's go back to Palm Desert and this time I go out...and we get a boat ride for breakfast.
totes in love with ... such a great voice, you know, for a country singer :)
protect her like a daughter, love her like a wife, respect her like your mother <U+2665>
Heading out to see #president #Obama address the Building Trades Legislative Conference in DC!
Getting Hannah ready for her television debut on The Morning Blend! (MKE NBC...we're on at 9:48am)
welcome to my world
My brain just created a new thing for me to be afraid of: pooping on a toilet covered in fire ants. Thanks, brain
Does my avatar look like me? I want people to be able to recognize me when they meet me in real life.
Hm. Can't find it in inbox or spam. Try again?
It's weird not having anything to do right now. Normally, I spend Sundays procrastinating, but I have nothing to make me procrastinate now.
HOOKED. Your music is awesome. Thanks for following me! My new album will be out in June. Let me know what you think! Best-JP
Thank you. I'll let you know if I come across something.
Our first shoot w/ new Elinchrome lights...
She was married to actor Charlie Sheen from May 2008 to April 2010
great day at w/ the lovely ladies of come and see us at Burt's Tiki Rm 9-11 tonight. miss rti apps accepted!
how was it :D
First update in a whopping 3 days! Wowee! We still have tix for January10th at The Chance. $12, HIT US UP! And the e.p. is almost done :)
PS - It's a party at The Blender right now! Stop by and trade with us!
Stopped at the Marshall Museum, I mean
Tebow would singlehandedly save the Jax franchise if not on the field..then by jersey sales alone
Just stopped myself again from writing. Thank goodness I didn't really need a spotter. Just sleep. M!
thank you bianca :-)
Oh, my. You all are a morbid lot.
#GetDick is trending, you stay classy Twitter.
Advice to my researchers: Don’t chew up & spit out your sources. Instead, chew, savor, digest, be nourished, and grow into a strong learner!
its all jah works
"It just rained in my beer, can I get a new one." Nope, if you don't have a firm grasp of precipitation you shouldn't be drinking
Wise men learn more from fools than fools from the wise.
Today is Tax Prep Day at Wolson Campus! #FREE tax prep for students & families. Visit the Wolfson Campus Single Stop Center Room 2104-6.
I had to get a new twitter. Forgot my old email, starting over :(
<< cant stand a nigga that is always bitchin '
“It was an honor to be named CCHA Postgame® Offensive Player of the Week" Luke Moffatt (univ of Mich)
Any leftover souvlaki?
: TOMORROW will celebrate Free Comic Book Day from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Free admiss. & comics for all.
..hey. gotta take care of something. Xo
He is doing a music festival in Philly this summer.
#foodallergy families.. need ideas to liven up taste testing during FAAW. c if kids can tell diff btwn reg and allergyfriendly foods~
Enjoy Glee. How is your dad doing?
Wow... What people say online to get them in so much trouble... smh
I never let a wookie come between us <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>. Seriously though...the films are worth watching for the John Williams score alone
VIOLENT FEMMES?! This rules!
I'm so hyper right now I can run like 10 miles . dm me !
the beggining of the sentence sounded wrong, OMG . lool.
3 other MAJOR STAR Strasberg/Adler "Method" patsies also badly lost their minds: Marlon Brando, Montgomery Clift, James Dean.
Let's beat calipari for a second time boys
My Zaffiro's pizza dinner on Sunday is filling up nicely! You in Milwaukee, join us at 5pm. I pay for half your pizza :)
Besides formative writings in culture and literature, I strongly believe that fictional works should be put aside in lieu of non-fiction.
#Thethingis your ex is your ex for a reason , so stop comparing your past to your present
Everyone come out to Stadium Grill tomorrow (saturday) at 9! Great fun, music and drinks with the Benjamin Hyatt Band!
Woken up by cat walking on my face. Curses, Henry!!!
I love it when girls with a little ass waist that jawn makes my head turn especially with a nice ass big :D or small :)
-oh how i would love a back & foot message.. thatll put me right to sleep..
I could really use some good news.
Happy Birthday Jackie O!
no there's an understatement:) His first article is out!
Bye Bye Backus!
Had to look that up. Had them before but I didn't know what they were called. Sure they aren't authentic WA Alfajores? :)
Your comment isnt needed
u prolly kept hitting end b/c Paula Patton kept coming on the tv. Haha
Let's go #patriots, let's win me an extra b-day prezzie. To the victor goes the spoils
Frown when SNL brings back whole subgroups of past cast members to fill sketch time. Let Maya as host help showcase the new blood.
Very true!
#WhatIMissMost is being a kid
Yesterday was too crackin. I luv Madison n its random hilarity.
Durk the Nurk is puting in work like a sales clerk.
Grinding to be a legend '
Getting Abby's new beta fish settled in its bowl.
I really love #auditioning! U always learn something new & also u get to act for a tiny little bit.
big fan of
That was a long as drive
we love treats from ! They are hand made with care and quality ingredients and are SO cute and yummy!!
If I worked in the Fantasy Factory everything would be alright
I like Bristol Palin okay on DWTS, I think she should have went home over Margaret Cho. he is getting annoying!
I just bombed you with some Likedin suff. Apologies.
thanks :) would you be so kind as to repost the song? :D would appreciate it a too <3
We'll go around the world in a day. Don't say no, no. Shake it my way, oh shake your bon-bon, shake your bon-bon, shake your bon-bon.
Permeable Circles: "Anyone a post is shared with can see all comments to that post, who else it's shared with, and share the post w/others."
can't wait to see! Just got stateside!
Goodnight twitter :-)
I hate a sneezes that even surprise yourself haha
This insomnia bitch its killin meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeyyyyy
I'm so gorgeous that threw up.
What is the silliest reason for passing on a candidate has your Hiring Managers shared with you?
Love it!
Have you seen the website update? www.bu.edu/hillel/gallery
Not even turning on the tv, headed straight out for an afternoon run. I never run in the afternoon!!
Out with friends! many drinks in! life is god. :)
I used the rock n roll all night and party ev-ver-ry day.
Happy birthday !!! XOXO
GraceRule #2 Trust in the FINISHED work of Christ. Don't try more. RELY more!
" Love on top my shit "
CRAP!Did u see what Jai did!
I drive a mini van. It's required as part of my uniform
Finally gonna sleep over my bf Jamie's house :D
BP #oilspill continues at 1,000,000+ gallons per day. We can't wait until August for them to stop it. Please do something more.
Woodson explains Obama jab
Retail therapy!
Push notifications and in app analytics are a marketers true friend!! Understanding and analyzing behavior.
I hate when people fuckin waste my time!
probably in the police car haha
Whose awake ?[:
Hope everyone is having a beautiful holiday season :)
it's true! let us know if we can do anything to help out with that!
aww I will! Its easy as!x
Lime green March monthly :D
#crowdsource: are they required to use that typeface for the yard line demarcations?
First 4 show weekend of "1776" has begun. With the show clocking in at 3 hours, this is going to be all about endurance...
RT : #ff Because you love chocolate and supporting great causes
I LOVE THIS XD
Oh awesome!! :P That's pure
*searches for most attractive doctor on the nymag's best doctors list*
thanks!(: want me to give u one?
RT : Do good and eat good! On Tues 12/13 VIA is donating 10% of our daily sales to Because everyone deserves...
Slow night at karaoke. Time to pull out the Elvis? Haha
Thank you!..That would have been pretty sweet!
it aint that crucial
probably the worst idea I've ever had was trying to fit that last thought into a 140 character tweet...
And so it begins...
Up up and away....
You've been added to the Most Awesome circle.
Every so often on Friday afternoons, I think - Ya, this week. I owned it. Things just clicked. I like that feeling.
our graduate education teacher program and now adult degree completion receive iPads, different reasons/purposes -use depends
jesus, i couldn't agree more. why do boys hate my existence? btw, my friend is talking to me about it again. kill me.
Watchin dusk fly,
Complaints about We Care Oregon / Intl? Contact ORDOJ. They have an open file on Randall Carl. More complaints coming in.
Don't let Wisconsin become Milwaukee....vote for Walker.
sounds good buddy
Awake way to early. When will E sleep past 6?
Yeah...We gonna blow Colonel Sanders to Nuggets!
I don't know I like Pque lol why am I kswiss
I know it's all my fault, and I feel obligated to fix it.
She got the Sweet Couscous, which lived up to its name, and then went about a mile past it. Who puts powdered sugar with lamb?!
I'm seriously depressed right now..
#36THMCM go Whitney Blackmore! I am so proud of you!
Hoops after school today in the square gym.
RT : What's better than watching rich people argue about being rich? Attractive people eating human flesh?
I just found out that they are opening a store at the Grove in LA :) ah i know where im spending my future paychecks.
Its lightning....<<<
-- I will be wearing the sluttiest outfit there!!! ans I will be at the LoveVoodoo booth with a huge banner!
In all the attention lavished on the guy who quit Goldman via the NYT, not nearly enough has been said about his being a ping pong champ.
Who is playing the whistle song and what is wrong with you
Here at the BEC rally. Strong turn out I'm bad at guessing crowd numbers so I won't but War Memorial building is crowded.
I'm done with #Facebook. F*'?k this!!!
yuck face!!! lol sounds good girl! let me know if you need my address again!
“: My nose just got real stuffy n I can't stop sneezing”Bless you!!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. -Eleanor Roosevelt Let another year of inspiration begin! Get ready!
:Tom JoePa was never on trial.He was one of my hero's those lowlifes at the top used him as the scapegoat,they are crap
I love you crooks . Get yo as over here
So I need information from gmail to finish my taxes, the one day gmail wants to be down... ugh.
Ok. You're annoying me. BYE.
Big whit zig zag, I fill you up from my bag, let's have a party. Proceed to party!!!!!!
lol who knew called some of his fans nicknames like sweetie, babe, and darling.
Gretzky steps down as Coyotes coach
Pick up Matt Barnes on your NBA fantasy teams because Metta World Peace just went all Artest & should be suspended for year.
Had a great time filming more scenes for "The Device". Great stuntmen and a Ninja Woman there! High falls, setting a guy on fire. Fun :)
always had :)
missed this tweet before but psyched to have you on board !
At a really nice cafe with cute food and a cute boy...
Sup String?
Dearest phone, please stop running away from me. It's going to make me think that you don't like me. :-(
Back to the Countdown: FIVE Days Before my last day of employment.
Bahahaha now that i tweeted that i lost a follower . #gottalovethat lol #urloss ;D
4 Unintended Consequences of the JOBS Act for the Startup Community
Pauline, I love the last line of your Twitter bio!!! :)
One of the guys doing a voice for RODAN also did one for Bullwinkle. Kind of awesome.
Epic night! Broken toe, new friends! Encore tonight! (But sans broken toe)
I don't think I know a guy who uses it except to see what it is for a second and then quit.
Time to follow Joe for some rich content.
story on Joplin on CBS, all i could think of was jordan playing there.
Someone asked me to be a model for an album cover for a photography class they're taking. It made me feel special. :)
lol what! I never heard of that..too bad it sounds fun lol
YB Media Group's first official project for the year 2012....... Please check out the page and "follow".
I am having a blast here at the factory, performance time for the 5 weekers
Thanks! I have some shows lined up in Santa Cruz, Oakland and Napa and then I'm focusing on my album release. LA dates soon!
Flow is like cancer deadly
I hate seeing people I know at Walmart, when.you're with your family -_-
Thanks! Is there a typewriter exhibit at the museum? I've never seen it.
I LOVE & RESPECT MA DUKES () CUZ SHE RASIED 2 HARD HEAD AS BOYZ THE BEST SHE COULD & I WILL NEVER FORGET THAT
Isn't it always sunny in FL?
how have you been since the show? Have you participated in any marathons or triathlons?
No way, your confused
...a gif gift! Its wonderful! Thank you, Shannon! I got my instagram thingy today. Let the photographic splendor commence!
I'm a space bound rocket ship and your hearts the moon, and I'm aimin right at you, right at you #nowplaying :)
Thanks so much for posting the Dr. Bill podcasts. I'm a Bay Area transplant to NYC, and was bummed to learn of KGO's folly.
NICE....way To GO
well I mainly watch movies, I don't really watch tv very often, except American Dad, Family Guy, and King of the Hill.
Serves right for leaving this party early...Pack struggling
half my iPod notes are "wrrite this storery"
Or maybe Men at Work mixed with Of Montreal. Anyway. Music is great.
You, too!
Twitter is a lil slow face book is better sorry guys.....still cool though....
wait, that doesn't make sense either... :)
Welcome back #Suffolk!
Keep lucroy in the two hole for god sakes....unbelievable. I Guess RR doesn't want to see guys on base for Braun
yeah that sounds good! I remember him saying something about it too
congrats!! brilliant record.
I'm glad to know someone else reacts the same way I always have.
Working on squeeze pages for my new website www.CreditCardNegotiations.com - pre-launch coming soon!!
....or so you think
Fair warning: You'll want those 2+ hours of your life back when it's over. Or at least the last hour and a half... Enjoy the 3D.
Bring it home boys
Gotta cook daughter breakfast, get dress, haircut, take daughter downtown #KidsDay, studio wit bro den da
Penny Auction News And Reviews
It's National Poetry Month! Who's your favorite poet?
feel really grateful to have seen that in person
how were auditions last night?
No problem! It's an interesting concept and brilliant use of QR codes.
Go Mountaineers!
Now offering pick up service for our rent A car customers. 1-888-581-4446 option 100 or
"Hairspray" opens tomorrow at Riverwalk and is almost completely sold out for the two week run!!!!!!
Good morning cuz! :) RT : Good morning everyone!!! Let's see who says it back
is previewing the exclusive 88nine iPhone app and new Web site in his preso at 1:50
right next to you;P
For some reason, I keep typing "y" ("and" in Spanish) in place of Tironian et (7)--confusing code-switching.
Great article as always Trish!
The Real Housewives of Miami is interested in our Spa for a film location. How cool would that be?
ur not live:o GO ! i miss u already:)
Follow my homie
Last-minute (local) reminder: pizza & Wii in the Grad Lounge for Praxers & DH Fellows now!
You can also find me in Foreword Magazine and in the New York Times book of reviews!!
#scms12 excited for panel with wendy chun, mary anne doane + kara keeling
Duke, Indiana, UCONN and Kentucky in the same region. There's some tradition on that branch of the tree.
Sleep sleep sleep ohow I'm gonna kill u n my next set of dreams! U neva let me sleep let alone give me what I want :( ur perverted n gross
The head of the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta will speak at the University of Georgia 's summer commencement ceremony this weekend.
When did being quiet get dropped from etiquette at the public library? I think it would be easier to read/work inside a jet engine.
RT “: S/O to He could be the next face of INGAWOOD Clothing”
Man Mr. Hayter you are the coolest guy. Doing the coolest voice, playing a kickass game and writing badass movies.
Tomorrow dodger firework night omg >.< !!!!!!!!!!
Touring WVU Hospital & University Health Associates facilities this afternoon. Bobby Nelson radio show WRVC in Huntington at 3:10 pm then...
U say that like it's a bad thang. :)
Give up c en fly
Just like Here and Hear - y'all be lookin stupid online lol
Nothing's happening.
IMMEDIATE NOTICE: For YourHRPortal followers ONLY! Limited offer! 6 MONTHS FREE PUBLICITY! for details!
super fun seeing you today! Looking over the photos right now and I think we have some winners for sure :)
Does anyone know how to tie a safety rooooooo... -trapese artist's last words
Haha!! That was funny though!!lol
: Pacquiao dares Mayweather to $140m fight where the winner gets 70% and the loser gets 30%
Watching Phil and Tiger finish at Pebble...
congratulations! You must be so excited, that is a great accomplishment
Let's join forces in a pledge to use the internet for good. Unless, you know, evil is more fun.
Lilac sunday with my mom :)
true that<3
Thx for the RT! IMHO, this is just another reason why senior-ranking execs must prioritize internal blogs, social networks, etc.
Day #2 of voting. We need all the votes we can possibly get. Tell everybody you know, don't know, wanna know, & don't wanna know to VOTE NOW
Not sure but had the opportunity to sit down with DJ, his dad and Coach Sanders last night & my notes say 21st.
I thought it was comical
kinda want to be an astronaut n go to space, but I just think I love playing board games to much.Or do they have anti gravity mall madness?
scrappin' the jaw, scrappin' the jaw!
The feature artist tonight is Mikel Patrick, Chef demo from Kabuki Japanese Restaurant, & live music from Nick Mattera
Lost a reader I know im not the only one, I was a mike silver & a Quinn fan now just a Quinn fan release the tape prove me wrong
Cristina and Owen's story breaks me. It really does.
There aught to be a law! If I find nail remnants somewhere, I am out of here.
I don't have many non #hockey followers, but this game is really why you should pay attention to the
- I was too. And, when you watch the video, Romney doesn't "get" the seriousness of his actions.
Reluctant kid forced to buy It's a Trap tee by cool mom. Happy Mother's Day to us!
you crack me up with your sayings
Long notes tied over the bar line to eighths virtually always mean: off on downbeats, not on the rests following the eighth notes
Omq i really wanna be in matt hunters music video i emailed i would the happiest person in the world if i qot choosen<3
DoubleTree by Hilton Hotel San Diego is offering 15% OFF to all Diversity Platinum cardholders!!!!!
saw 'Judy Mody And The Not Bummer Summer' :p.
Oh I'm retweeting this you Bully
(Donald Laird) No one is any better than you, but you are no better than anyone else until you do something to prove it.
Calling it now: Over the life of Peyton's contract with the Denver, Matt Cassell will win exactly as many Super Bowls
do you have a link for that title you won in Washington DC last year? Highest customer loyalty or something like that?
Well, at least now we have the injury excuse
love the new pic
Johnny G 1st major home run give him a follow
bad news: according to #VoodooSheeny there is allegedly some "bad energy" in our apartment.
Couples Night! 2-for-1 Entry for ALL COUPLES! and SHOWGIRL OF THE YEAR TOMORROW!!!! Don't miss it!
I am so dead right now.
haha, that's awesome! :)
Good times last night. Have a safe flight. Till next time boys!
Poring over new photographic works by Lucas Foglia for Stunning images, which we'll feature in our Fall issue.
thanks for that vote of confidence. I'll do my best not to let you down!
God Bless You.
me too (: we should get back to that thoughts ..the flirty ones.. :$
Hate when ppl call n hang up that's like 20 times this week! Maybe I should take my number off my website since ppl wanna be foolish
Just saved 30 cents a gallon on gas! Thank you, Smith's rewards.
just did the sweetest appearance on his wife's segment on HSN! <U+2665> them!
If im tweetin that means its been a slow morning at the Coffee House... Come get your damn coffee people
Who needs skill, ethics or judgement when you enjoy a complete lack of accountability?
I hope so too. Keep in touch, when you're nearby.
But in so many states, that's illegal! Crazy, eh? But it's "stealing a resource." We repeat - crazy!
Getting more and more weary every time I get asked if I'm old enough to a) sit in an exit row b) qualify for the adult ticket.
hahaha I love how you inform us that you'll be in town to drink.
Hi Eduardo, I'm great! how's Maracay? I still <3 Venezuela
YAH! Ok good luck with that..
Kobe is sick from the news about Chris "Pervman" Andersen & he's going to take it out on the rest of the Nuggets.
Sometimes I wish we just wore uniforms to school.
My buddy came back to school from vegas today.. missed my little asian!
So over fighting that I just feel so ready to give in & just apologize for something I don't even need ot be sorry for...
Weird seeing SVP with hair on the Fab 5 doc. where did that come from?
Lol!!!!!! RT : I was so high once, I walked into class, late, sat down and tried to put my seatbelt on.
I agree with him, and remember,Ladies don't take shits or blow guys with their boxers off, gotta suck it threw the pee hole
m cherries are my favorite. I got a bag last night but they were too tart. I guess I'll just have to try again :)
I've tried 3 in Australia and 7 in Seattle but they are annoying ._.
Career Opportunities >> Jennifer Connelly >> White Tank Top = Yes!!!
To the guy on the motorcycle near UWM... Really?!?! My car says 34 degrees. Props, but sorry about the shrinkage.
Back to practice in the morning. 2 more days till the freshmen year starts.
Looking for outdoor living ideas for my next column. What would you like me to tackle next?
agree on path:: Instagram. Actually I'd go with private API first, mobile second, website/decent public API third for both.
We're learning about Balance on GazziliWords — this is a must for Preschoolers!
Hi to our Newest Followers! We anticipate volunteering w/ u :)Pls RT!
i'll be there again..
Wow reading all these comments on 8 Flavahz performance and Angel's moms death is making me tear up ;/
Why does Uthoff want to transfer after red shirting this year? He would likely have been a starter this year. Seems just as odd as blocking.
thank you:)
Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.
Aye cuz tell ur momma happy mothers day for me
unless it's about to thunder and lightning this rain&clouds needs to clear up right now.
#nowplaying "Deep Within the Corners of my Mind" - Melody Gardot
god also doesn't exist, but whose counting :)
i say give him a couple beers and put him in Fron of the tv with Discovery Channel on
Mavs v thunder is gonna be a great series
Awkward moment when you get to the #gym and one of your ear buds doesn't work. #gohome haha
Webb Students If you need a book during exams or over the summer, check-out the library's honor collection.
Time to stick it the floor and finish off strong! Game on!
Meeting up in Toluca Lake tonite with many. No dress up for me this year; couldn't find and Evel K costume
LET'S GO
Self-reliance is the only road to true freedom, and being one's own person is its ultimate reward. ~ Patricia Sampson
im great(; just at work , u?
Thanks for all of the concern/getting-out/keeping me busy today. I appreciate everybody who is relevant to my day today. It was needed
Get ready to get Driked tonight!
Oh yea...Team Tampico all the way!! :D Glad ya like :)
Ok I don't really know what I'm doing but I'm just gonna throw it in at 425 degrees. Here goes nothin!
oh my goodness that little stinker! I bet he wouldn't do that to me :) miss y'all!
Good night to go out let take you to the hardrock casino
thanks, we appreciate your support, please pass us along to friends!
Would I, could I. I always fear drinking from the shards of wine-bottles may give me bloody lips. Any remedy in mind?
Maybe you'll get this, I wanted to tell you how much respect I have for you in your exemplary handling of H Cain
Gotta love the inevitable trip through a third world country.
Fresh off her "Nude Scarlett Johansson" expose, Fox News' Jana Winters pens a bold revelation w/ 16 cites of *one* anonymous src.
hell yeah dude, Jason is the shit!
i did:) lol
DC Jazz Jam is now on twitter! Just finishing up our post-Thanksgiving jam session with a great house band quartet and lots of guests.
Hahaha unlimited front row seats. love it.
im n dis bitch
no abortions son! Mo kids, mo
That would be lots of kiddos running around if you kept them all :-)
“ “ I hate hearing something that absolutely kills you inside and having to act like you don't care.””
Guess I'll actually start tweeting again.
LOL i love karma, this boy used to call me ugly and shit, I just saw his Yearbook picture, he looks like a motherfuckin turkey.. BAAGUKKKK!”
If I could play Battlefield 3 on Steam... I wouldn't be having these issues. EA you need to step up your game with Origin.
well, they have a lead right now.
When I am not attached to the outcome, I am magical!
Waking home from Clarendon. Gorgeous weather!
The will be streaming all 60 Bracelet Event Final Tables in 2012 |
yeah, i think im the only one who buys it tho... Never met some one rocking any of that besides at shows
#WFFConf12. Amazing turn out for first time attendees - this awesome - welcome to WFF!
Wow. Just read that Whitney Houston has died at 48. What a tragedy. RIP.
Cech is saving your asses.
because Zane told her. And I called Zane and he swore I did
A 2 billion dollar blunder? Wow is/he in a witness protection program yet? 1/1000th of Chase value says 1 "expert" LOL all I can say is WTF?
thanks for your perspective - we are fans
Wilson tours home devices kindle ipad boxy tv sonos and last.fm mmoving towards discovery of content in highly liquid form.
remember last week when you rolled around on the ground?
"If you're not a white girl, then why do you dress like a white girl?" My FORMER favorite bartender. Who thinks I look like an art student.
Shane bout to get knocked out lol!!!
": S/O to my new follower!!!! #FOLLOWME #TEAMFOLLOWBACK #OHYea" much love
Boomer knows more about every thing than every one.
THANK GOD!!!!!!!!! IT's OVER! #Arsenal (never been so happy to finish 3rd.)
Oh god its the new year, crossing my fingers 2012 is good, cos 2011 sucked!
Not just one of those fake smiles, a real, happy smile! I wanted to hug him so bad! And say that its okay!<3
what time are you heading out to Orlando?
Listening to #BeastieBoys station on in memory of Adam Yauch.
Wish prep for tomorrow's Wiz auditions were as easy as "Easin' on Down the Road". I'll be playing the part of the director, wish me luck!
Hahaha “: Kobe looks like shit. Get it?”
NOTHING sucks more?
funny how a simple comment grows tangents in twitter
So you want somewhere on page to say "commentary"? Or, "the opinions expressed do not necessarily" ...? Like in newspaper?
Pirates never check voicemail either?
if i remember, yes lol
go bosie state
. I practically live at Cafe du Monde when :) which is why beignets sound good (I miss em)
Tweet. Tweet.
That awkward moment when you have a better chance at finding Waldo than a boyfriend.
thank you. You are too
When it rains, it really pours as chaos reigns
This is quite depressing “: South Korea has a national "Forever Alone" day.”
plus fucking one.
You're quite welcome! Any time.
i live in florida holllaaa
Don't know when the power will be back, but the QUICKTRIP is closed, that is almost apocolyptic
If you don't stand for nothin, you'll fall for anything
You earned it! Keep up the great work! RT : I'm proud to have been asked to become a member of Phi Kappa Phi!
lol guys my fanfics r such fails.
I second this! : Definitely not happy about springing forward tonight.
I don't wanna make a fool out of myself. This is so not me. Lol. I need to stop caring and just do it.
song idea: waiting for a hurricane
where you stay neef? You moved?
My day starts at 5:30 am-I was going to sleep at this time during the summer. Adjustment sucks!
I won't be suck a fuckface, don't worry <3
Thank you for your kind regards and warm welcome! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0086>
Is there somewhere to order an official MSU swim cap for my sister for Xmas? I'd appreciate any insight as to where! Thanks!
#tanishagetsmarried I been there done that...that dating site shit fA the birds..that's blaming ur mistakes on sum1 else is f'n retarded!!
In LAX with my dreams and my cardigan
i want to follow me! D:
Thx! That's great to hear! RT I <3 the #kiosks at Kaiser! Is it that ppl don't see them/like them? It's ez w/no line...
!!! RT “: Hard work beats talent”
do they market to teachers? Seems like a big group that would have time to check email around that time.
Dorothy Parker was thrown out of the Convent of the Blessed Sacrament for characterizing the conception of Jesus as "spontaneous combustion"
Kinda like noels mom did?RT Jabari ain't goin to UK his mama can't stand Calipari she already done said he ain't goin
Starving is me waiting for you; fasting is you waiting for me. lol
yay!!! I am le Renee if you want to connect there
#ItsCrazyHow we're doing the one thing we said we would never do..
thats what i am saying they are amazin!!!! Inside and out
we blew it on fourth down defense, ramos lets the ball hit him on kickoff smh...
Sucks u got caught in that mess.
Laundry n ironing...eventually
ok no tears yet, im on the right track! ;D
Happy Thanksgiving!!! I hope you enjoy time with your family and friends!
I wish I was in Vegas doing the same with you! Although, I am eating some food and drinking some drinks too. Except in NYC! :)
Fuck it, we'll do it live! Stage of Finals week. I hope I come out of this in one piece.
I need to reconnect with my tweeter peeps... Been away for a long min. Someone get me back into the game ; )
This girls voice is so annoying.....
aww that rules! We're excited too! Make sure you say hi!
Happy Teacher Appreciation Week!
Thanks for picking up Billy Purgatory!
In need of any awesome dance partner for the dance party!! Vandy? USF?
A perfect reason why all self-defense laws should be "attempt to retreat" self-defense laws.
where is taking us tonight?
no I didn't.... I meant señor
someplace new. Elsa's on the park.
jaw throbbing. hillbilly heroin. vanilla pudding. tsoukalos.
I'm not going to school. And what "Thang"?
you, too! Have you heard anything, yet? Good luck!
#ImSickOf Happy PPl
So the Swine Flue has really brought the world to its knees like the media said it would?
if u ask why one more time Ima choke you!! U will see
I want to change my NCAA bracket picks. I did an auto fill for fav picks and forgot to tweak it. Oops!
S/O to everyone who can't stop hating on Boosie..y'all sound like real BITCHES!
lmao yu still ain't out grew that word
please follow me back :)
Oh and for my mexican followers El Diablo is ok
Q5: it depends on how much of the pigment melanin you have in your iris. Green is the rarest
If the love is tru, nothing will keep you apart...
Workin on tweetin my battery away almost there 100% to go
Money has become entry into politics in a system founded on shunning the "haves."
In case you haven’t heard, 12/12/12 will officially be Aaron Rodgers Day in Wisconsin. Mark your calendar!
#sorry for not telling you how much you ment to me
time to start learning how to index travel websites. ,-)
in doing a book review on my latest book, "Young Guns"?
This bus Driver look like Daddy yankee lmaoo
Terrific #codeforamerica talk today from Watch for continued coolness from color.
yea, yea all this hype about JB and M. Buble's Christmas album. I say Christmas takes the cake anyday. And i love cake..
do you by any chance know where I'd find those levels on the website?
Is it wrong to trick or treat as a 21 year old? I just want dem nomz
TOTALLY ok with Cena winning that. That was fucking hardcore. I can't wait to own this PPV on DVD.
you should follow me<3
It would be quite the PR nightmare if the Coyotes get to the Stanley Cup Finals and end up relocating after the season. Embarrassing for NHL
i would avoid them. And i dont think bobrick would do it.
#ShoutOuts to all the mommies Happy Mother's Day !!
#HowToPissAFemaleOff put her out your car
Congrats to you and your teammates. Simply amazing! Can't wait to see you back in the Kohl Center next season.
“: To much damn traffic lol” that's "too much" FYI
- nodding to Sawandi's Spring mix... Nice
Morning twerps!
lol. :) Yeah, I can tell! #teamNiley :)
Please Wish Your Mom Happy Mothers Day From Me (: If It Wasnt For Her I Wouldnt Have YOU<3 And YOU ARE MY EVERYTHING<3333
If you aint got a dream, you got nothin
#MySiblingIsWeird He named his dog Cat. Now my nephew has to ride the #ShortBus b/c he told his teacher Cat kept him #UpAllNight barking.!
Will do if u do the same! I have 2 to finish! “: Goal for the month? To update my photography website. Keep me #accountable friends!”
had 2 sons once
And to you as well!! : Happy TGIF
“: girl we need to take trip !” to see me
can you get me out if this I'm not involved
Love google today - adorable!! Happy Mother's Day to you & your moms. Huge love & hugs for making it great to be his mom!
None scheduled so far. We just have our business mixer for September, which we'll be promoting soon :)
Spokane Shock home opener tonight! Get there!
I hate when dog owners don't pick up shit after their pet.
upset at how broken the world is right now.
I'm on the back wall.
Fuck a PhD. Me and 4 of my friends should be taped talking about anything because we are HILARIOUS.
Lol dont worry about it, soon you'll get a whole weekend with me. ;D
After a dozen refills at Tre Kroner and a few cups already at work, I'm feeling the coffee. And it feels good.
Cold + Rainy = Perfect Hot Yoga Weather. it's a scientific fact. ;)
going great! “: how's training”
Hope not... lmao
Our client with the huge Barbie collection was interviewed today by Terri Sullivan @ Ch 6. Look for her spot during the 5pm newscast!
C.R E.A.M. Christ Rules Everything Around Me.
Congrats on finding #Bama side of the field
Please DM your email, we'll send more info about joining! RT I'd like to learn more abt them
Great race last night!!! Looking forward to another today! Good luck everyone
:do you know what time the premier airs?
We invite you to browse our collection of publications featuring Walter de Maria at the Menil Bookstore this weekend --
How do 5 gay guys walk?? IN ONE DIRECTION!!!!!!!!! RT if you get it. (I am a fan of 1D, but I found this funny)
so glad it helped!
Every generation imagines itself to be more intelligent than the one that went before it, and wiser than the one that comes after it.
That's one
What's up facebook?
that spam stuff changed everything in my bio and my location... smh. i changed most of it back...
Spinnin' at Nectar tonight alongside Eric Devine!
What about treadmill runs? I hate that I can't record those now since I am using the N+ app and not the chip.
Nothing a little catnip can't fix ~
RT : RT : #UN Security Council now in closed meeting on situation in #Sudan and
Gearing up for a big launch. Here goes nothing!
I will sponsor your drinking league :)
This is why I love Lynette #DesperateHousewives <U+2665>
Way to young to be stressing over stupid shit
sounds good!
it was good thank you meany
Another poor uninformed Rap/Artist: Nowadays, why in the world would an artist have a "breakage" clause in their recording contract?
Mac and cheese nice needs a light bread crumb topping
Do you use our sunscreen? Let us know! We love seeing all picts!
We got a flyer for a guy running for congress, it says in bold letters "His Faith is His Guide" Shouldn't the Constitution be your guide?
nope. not anymore. since i don't tweet that much.
SO COOL you are going to Guatemala. Hug and for me.
Oh no :( I'm so sorry we let you down. It's been a pretty crazy day. :(
it wasn't bout that but them allergies is fuckin me up lmao !& I was sayin that bout all them people pookied the fuck out<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
RT if Austin's ever noticed you.
I like how I'm just constantly falling outta people's lives & being forgotten. Guess I deserve to be forgotten.
Ya damn skippy!
Boo you
I can handle everything that life throws at me. Some things just take a little time.
My house has been bombarded with mailers from the last few days
did you go to any on the tutoring things?
Hecks yea! Im sure one of us will get it (;
Bucks defense is atrocious so far in the 1st quarter. Then again, it has been all season.
Thanks for the blog tweet! I hope the move has gone smoothly for you. :)
The house feels so empty without my baby boy ):
I need to make my schedule for next year.
I may not be the most prettiest girl but at least im not scaried to show my true colors
just wanna die because i'm not going to death cab
Got my new page set up so plz follow it too. Thanks! <<<Follow!!>>
"a large part of it is the migration of software developers" How about the iPod coming out in the early 2000s?
Need to draft or trade for a 2nd WR as well. Deep a TE and may be able to deal Mario Williams.
rondo Chris Paul tony Parker williams Jason kidd
Monday Night Football - San Diego -3 Lock it In !!!
did you do a mock draft? considering doing one....
they also stroke me off
you can see when it's from twitter but some people straight put it from Facebook lol
#StopOAHUrail Dear #HART our freeways & roadway are in need of repair and you are building a state of yesterday rail that no one will ride.
wow. original tweet. I wonder how that came to mind(;
ESPNs John Clayton is the perfect role model for folks who want to be on TV but have also been told their looks are "disturbing"
Do you feel like your goal is too big? Is it overwhelming? Break it up into smaller steps. Celebrated each one :-)
It's not denial. I'm just selective about the reality I accept. - Bill Watterson
Bruschetta with caponata and spicy ceci toppings, chilling in the fridge.
Whoops! We've contained all of the wild penguins! Sorry about that!
I just registered for the #preswk tweetup... hope I'm not too late :(
Is that a little bit pot calling the kettle black, Mr. MMO?
An experienced entrepreneur and technology manager, Hank was worn a number of hats - teacher, marketer, consultant, manufacturer & barrista
Happy hour tonight 5-8 With music by velvet heat!!
welcome to the tweeting world u should get the hang of it.
twitter on the web is acting up again. anyone else ?
Great to meet you. It's a cool, brisk day in Houston after al the heat. Hope your day is a wonderful one.
I think this beard has got to go.
Date night with :)
is staying in the OC for now...
Give me a shout out ;D Your videos make me smile!
Joined 's wine club today. They have a spectacular lineup of wines -- one of the best lines in Oregon!
A smile is the best make up a girl can wear
if u go midnight to midnight CST, they weren't in the same day.
Hi Dustin. I like your Markdown Mark but I want to make a "Markdown Preview" button in an app. Any suggestions? :/
did it happen to you? Ad laying in bed
Shop from home, useful, green, safe, 40% off. Full time income. Doesn't pay to work a real job anymore, amazing 4 people. C what I do! 4212
What are you doing for 1/2 hour today to work your "craft"?
your comment belittles the efforts, skills and intellect of these elite athletes
Yes it is! RT It's just another beautiful day in paradise. Expect more of the same all week.
thanks. My team is exhausted and ready for some well deserved rest. And wine.
Punch your time clock and come on down to Small Bar Fullerton tonight to talk beer with Randy Mosher!
ss you'll ruin my rock cred
Absolutely. I'd see anyone @ The Ryman. Accoustics & Vibe like nowhere else.
Commercials do portray men as idiots. Sarah Haskins noticed the same thing.
thinks the only surviver on the Titanic was the main girl
my friend's B-day&She loves you. I was wondering if you can tweet me Happy B-day so I can send it to her. Her names Sunni.
is there any chance prince takes a 1 year deal and stays in milwaukee?
At aubrey's soccer practice; come on rain go away!
he still missed two crucial free throws, and deferred to Wade and Chalmers, how many excuses will he get?
Only a few thousand dollars in punishments for Bettman to force Shanahan to mete out after tonight.
Also, you should know that is defending this decision. She says that your name is not that weird.
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 49
Wait, it's more than just a Vampire Weekend song? RT : Is it sad or am I smart that I know what an Oxford Comma is?
Yeah bro, what about u
Like a good neighbor state farm is there with a new pair of balls for Lebron James this dude has no hevos
Oh and cancelled stamps for collage were a hit as were old commemorative covers to decorate. Let us know when yours happens!
Who remembers some of my old music?... LMS for "I Love The Way"... <U+2605>
yeah you're right, but I'm not the kind of person to cheat. :'/
Hey Davis, I Just Want To Say That You're an awesome kid. I wish you were my brother. :) Can You Please Follow Me :D :D :D
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want. Stein, Ben
#OWIF: We have no pole to guide the raft, so I'm just gonna shake my fist angrily at the current and hope for the best.
haha lifes pretty good im just ready for summer! When do yall get out?
Obama's SOTU gave new foundations for more government programs. Sounds good but how to pay for them, may we ask?
Thank you for putting a donation box for the Indiana AIDS Walk & Ride in the church. We appreciate you!
Universal Studios gig, then 3 Sides Entertainment Short Film - what a weekend ! Not a lot of sleep - have a great week !
seeing breaking dawn part one tomorrow! to all the cast of twilight you guys are so awsome!
I love you and there are six more days till you are here. So I am being sad and eating a cookie, like a tiny person.
Classic : he's going back to #TopChef roots, concocting dishes from Pepsi and Fritos to serve to corporate VIPS at
Switches my route home today.....bad idea. I've gone about 4 miles in 45 minutes.
Quote of the Month? Awesome. But that still leaves two weeks to defend my title.
Fry time!! Crazy-ass Saturday. Need to catch up & will start takin orders again at 3pm.
Washington Capitals hire NHL 13 year vet Arturs Irbe to be new goalie coach, hopefully he can help Three or more!!
Anyone know whether there will be Wi-Fi for spectators?
Great to meet everyone today!
About to delete every social networking site I'm on.
yeah read it, you're awesome xx
Thanks for the RT! :)
Beyondthescoreboard.net as a leader you should never say that you are scared of anything team that is against you
well when we rode by yhu wasnt and wattup wit the -----> !!!
a dog is a loyal lovable animal. I wouldn't mind being compared to a dog.
This is a dangerous world so try your best to stay out of trouble...
My grandmas cooking > <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> the best.
Currently in a helicopter. *Have* to get my pilots license!
Love makes a fool out of everyone! LOVE ANYWAY! The chicken lays the egg.
Skipping my two classes today and going shopping with my cuz :)
damn toby !!
Posted outside breeze hiring me
you are my idol you make me grow and be a great person, you're so good to both people and animals with I love you!
No problem! Make sure 2 follow us back! 1 of the filmmakers directing our series is also in a MI-based hip-hop group!
I have a new follower on my Twitters! What's up, (Bagamaagan)?
Causey "it is to try to tell someone's story"
your moving?!?
“Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine.” - Anthony J. D’Angelo
RT : yeah most likely more $$$ than this year.// Sampson is not our coach.
Be tolerant of those who are lost on their path
Did Frenchie and Fred run rampant through the Museum after dark? Guess not. Mingei Int'l still stands.
the third one!
How's it going? Ever spin in LA?
Thanks for the Roasted Seaweed Snack! You are one of my coolest clients!
yay! Taking a lunch break now. Don't come in the next twenty min.
I will cut you. <U+E40D>
on the street at sxsw
I wish my tummy would stop hurting :(
Patching up things the right way >
How exciting! I'm new to volunteering with Tedx but am hoping to be on that exact committee.
# real talk
#DidYouKnow? It's estimated that >$2 billion is spent each year on students who repeat a grade b/c they have #reading problems. ()
Is your smart phone a study aid or study distraction?
sorry I haven't been able to make out to drop off some gear been really busy. Will this Tuesday work?
Lavazza Espression’s Espresso Melba is now available! Amaretto chips, peaches and whipped cream. Come and indulge!
After the mission & a half I went through today, I will never leave mother's day shopping for the day before <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
ah lol xD he's so silly
Brrrr.....why couldn't it have been cold on Christmas :(
nope, not quite. #dreamteam “: Desean Jackson out with bruised ego Expected to annoy”
To the person who already put say something on YouTube...may god bless u<3
Yeah I'm taking notes on how to "learn, grow, and connect" for based off of 's best practices, thx!
XD no way am I thinking of one! I come up with lame stuff XD like Touching Ground :P
#truth RT : If you give #Scorpio the slightest reason to distrust you, they will never forgive you
do you have a link? Thx!
S/O to all the Momas who don't let these people put they kids on pills so they could get that ssi money
Saturday morning breakfasts with the roommates
true yall just need to talk this out
There is no girls at fort walton beach :(
no no silly bloke. it's PLAISE.
• Love the sentiment, but there are lots of 'normal people' w/'undying 'passion' that don't achieve greatness
You just got bonged.
You guys are awesome for helping this kid. I'm happy to help.
I second this idea (and will buy you a beer if you do it) RT : I think you should rename it
Anyone else done a toxin cleanse? Sheesh its killin my stomach lol! I only assume that its working?
"You need a hairnet Tyler." "You need to get some hair John."
BITCH DONT U EVA! EVA! REP #DADECOUNTY & JUMP BACK LIKE THAT. FUCKIN #DISGRACE TO #MIAMI GO 2 IDAHO WIT DAT!
#TeamFollowback Thanks for Following!
The placement of Jesus and Mary Chain on the roster is the definition of burying the lede.
& no, I'm not trying to rip on bloggers. I just know from that perspective that a blogger ready to cash in is a quitter, & doesn't get read.
Looks beautiful Joel! Enjoy.
What ever happened to telling each other instead of tweeting about it?
To be able to come together in this reflective space is a privilege.
The world is dazzled by the flash but the substance of integrity is missing becoming hallmark of the culture.
Our next Voxbox is for beauty badge holders. Have you tried to unlock your beauty expert badge yet?
Congrats miss octavia spencer on winning the Oscar.
Blizzard or not, our 50% off sale is still happening this Saturday! Get those boots ready and come on down!
I'm more pro-bunt than a lot of people. But if you're asking your #3 hitter to bunt w/RISP you've got the wrong #3 hitter.
well it looked great!
Yeah for Mad Men! I could really use that calendar.
Alright Canadians, you win! Now shipping to Canada! RT Total balls that doesn't ship to canada :(
Oh! He's not that ugly. The one in the upper right corner is way uglier.
Emacs?! get outta here
& YOU sir, YOU are VERY ATTRACTIVE therefore I will STARE at YOU!(;
God Bless for your recovery, continuing prayers for healthy 2012!
y didnt u go to Cape Surf?
“: I freed up 10GB. #score” what I would give for 10 gigs on my iPhone!!!
Yo if you love your fans you'll follow me back!
"People are cray..."
Kelly don't forget to wear your ATL shirt tomorrow!!!! :)
don't forget to have quiet time with God this morning. thank and worship him first and foremost, then ask him to guide your day. God bless!
Maybe #sa-main and #sa-logo? IDs and classes prefixed with their initials would be much more friendly.
I screwed up my hurt knee during water aerobics. It's been a month and its still swollen.
love you. Sending you and your family hugs.
I'm wondering if #RufusKing was comparing himself to Lycurgus and envisioning himself as saving the Union from slavery.
Love the "Ambi­en­cakes" photo! :)
Thanks man!! RT : Your IT
Watchu gon do when she wants you back?!
Okay im literally done trying to show how much i care
Don't forget to follow us, thanks!
ur tweets make my day :) thanks for sharing ur creative process w/ ur fans!!! Love ya!!!!
1st to rise 1st to seize victory!
It's a beautiful day here. Makes it seem so peaceful. Hope everyone has a safe and enjoyable holiday weekend.
So how has it been going all sitting next to Boomerang and all? Hmm? HAH??
Snow!! How do you Bostonians feel about this?
Happy Birthday I will get you some Camel Crushes next month.
Cost speculation for 5 years, $100,000,000. Asks to initially use unused property tax levy.
yes! that's what I'm talking about, I think they save like $23 a day on average if they don't clean your room
Is it really news that Goldman Sachs takes advantages of their clients?
Received the "W" now time to relax a bit. Going to work soon!! Then coming home to study my craft some more!
I want to visit you at Berkeley! We must plan an epic reunion at some point.
So exhausted <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Valencia is really on my bad side
Just signed the contract for a Valentine's Day story with -- #excited !
Can't believe Brazil hasn't scored yet.
Have a question for the Northwest's most reputable angel organizations? Ask away! They will answer at our 3/1 vLab, 'Meet the Angels.'
Public tour of American Scenery today at 3 pm!
I hate when ppl purposely doubt who I am and what I'm capable off when they don't know shxt bout me an what I Do
and a l that glitter is GOOD ONLAY SHOOTIN STTTAAAAHHS BREAK THA MOLD
I guess having seen Friday the 13th would've been helpful in catching that reference.
haha nope! That's what is all about!!
Our time?
Yeah, it kind of does. Also, I want to be covered in color at the end, so high-color lanes for me, too!
You were throwing shirts out for someone who is famous enough to have their names on shirts. that makes you a superstar. haha
Why is finding face lotion so difficult!?
It must be Xmas-time since that annoying Target lady I want to crack over the head with a 2x4 is back on the front page of Yahoo.
We provide therapy for adults with-Life Management Issues.
I got sol tomorrow , thursday , friday and monday smfh
every single fucking time I try to be happy,
The new app update should fix a bunch of crash issues and hangs.
#weliveinaworldwhere 11 and 12 years olds are taking pictures showing breast and thinking it's cute -___-
I feel like twitter is someones diary thats open to the public
Pretty sad I aint gone be able to suprise my mama for Mother's Day tomorrow.... Aint got a way to KC :(
Thats my shit RT “: Kick ass is a mad funny movie.”
Late night in the office looking over applications for SSFC, SACGB, and Finance Committee.
I'm really enjoying the fellowship and brotherhood with the brothers of the Mighty Midwest, at their regional convention in MN.
WAIT! HOLD UP! IS THE WANTED IN CHICAGO?!
#primal because its saturday and you removed ratchet clubs from your to do list
I dislike my mom
sweet bass guitar I wish I could afford it
Wanna pull my nips.?
Sometimes when you move somewhere you wish you couls bring everything , friends, family, stuff to ur new place.
How did we lose to a 2-6 team???
yeah buddy...
You are invited! Today at 11 am, "The Art of Bedmaking" w/
Someone tell Espinoza that we love him! #can'ttouchourmidfield
How was everyones weekend?!
Bout to grab something to eat and do my last minute studying before this Stat final
INSIDER SALE @ jcrew.com! 20% off orders of $150+ for the next 3 days online only..."SHOPFALL" at checkout!
Good luck!
shredded it.
I have 995 followers. I never thought I'd care, but I can smell the 1000th follower thru the phone
No way! Was pulling for Learn german was the best category ever, but it crushed her.
"Preach Papi so true: Let go of the word hate "I hate this, or I hate that" It compromises your nervous system and causes sickness
"We have a strategic plan, it's called doing things" — Herb Kelleher, Southwest Airlines
I would love nothing more than to cook for you on a daily basis.
Thanks for the follow!
As much as I want to, I can't. And I won't.
:D Thank you! We're glad you found us. Keep in touch!
I wanna puppy ...
Maybe hell actually realize he cares n wants our relationship two work n ill wake up two a text that will make me smile.! *In Tears* :(
"How will I know, if he is thinking of me?"
When my dad burns my steak <<<<<
If someone's lolligagging does that mean they are choking on a lollipop??
How to honor MLK Day RT Watch 's Pittsburgh Today Live at 9am this morning to find out how you can serve the Burgh.
Is the over/under really 40 points for Bama/LSU
There are some adorable, fuzzy cat-friends in my house who are about to get fitted with miniature catheters if the peeing parties don't stop
Just tripped up the stairs in the AMU in front of my college dean
In Gainesville ours moved away for about 2 years, and just popped back up... Never really tried em. I'm a plain burger dude.
no one likes her..
WI GAB strongly advises candidates to not make them prove just how FECkless they really are.
Hearing some of the quotes from Orson Scott Card at today's Teen Book Con reaffirms my decision not to hear him speak.
Is Futures at Fenway for #redsox fans, or is the ulterior motive to give minor leaguers a taste of Fenway Park so they work harder?
I'm so used to #socialmedia events that #gcsummit is freaking me out! Eye contact, business cards & no one else is tweeting from 2 devices.
Stick to making fun of Jeremy Lin, Jason. RT : Pacers can beat either one of these teams in the ECF.
#TheWindowMay13th by and #Undeniable by are gonna be dope. Cant wait.
You guys, did a twitter follower count for Josh Hamilton during the Rangers game tonight. THANK GOD
This is a appreciation tweet. :-)
Whats happening? Dropping weight is what is happening, 1lb per day for 90 days, and posting all im doing to get there
there's nothing wrong with enthusiastic hugging lol
Stomach on full <U+263A>
yeeeeeei , mike, spanish rocks...
So at what point does a "bad start" become a "bad first half"?
everyone does drugs or drinks al the time.
*nods slowly, absorbing the info* wow. You will be a great dad. Al can show you. *smiles*I
atleast this week is fine arts week
I gave up hangovers for Lent. Now I just have to figure out a way to continuously stay drunk.
YEAH TEAM CHUCK LETS GO
#VonChurch loves #FF Follow us and we will follow you!
i never imagined my life being the way it is today, i planned everything so differently but i love the way it all turned out.
happy to announce that starting Monday I'll be moving over to help build
reading about how ppl are trying to improve meetings... shared calendars, activity streams, agendas, next steps, a/v recordings, search,etc
she said ok but until like June
Say what's real
It's been a busy school year. my sister graduated and got a job teaching 2nd graders next year.
Brookfield Real Estate Services Inc. reports first quarter 2012 results and monthly dividend
Moving a huge bear that doesn't fit in the freight elevator via red wagon; great visual
Like the idea of having the library a part of Parent Night.
Gosh, I hate Timeline. I've been trying to get rid of it.
Never really considered those traffic helicopters hovering over I-90 are screwin up air traffic by standing in the middle of morning traffic
Idk wat I'm going to do with u
what's wrong with your website? it keeps saying "service unavailable" is the issue on my end or yours?
To give proper advice we need more info re your hair. Can you send us an email at ?
You should def follow back ( :
As a teaching student, I am so impressed at what does for future teachers.
TONIGHT! Polkadot Cadaver, Downtown Brown, Lords of Discipline, Burn the Ides at the High Noon Saloon. Doors open at 8, Music at 9!
Hope your planting went well yesterday! Gotta love those Home Depot
I think someone hacked my acct, sent out a bunch of "Godfather" direct messages. Please delete, not sent by me!
So excited for our event tonight with PDPsi for #PiChiWeek --> Feeding the Cultural Appetite at room 209 from 6-8pm!! FREE FOOD!
oh ok.. then HUG HER, that way she'll still know what shes not wearing.... but she might think your CRAZY & NEED LOVE... LOL
imma tell them dudes on cartoon network :P
glad you had fun babe. how's your day going? xx
Now I feel like an outcast
My cat's too fat to clean her, um, nethers... So I shaved her back there today. Looking rather baboon-esque now.
My mouth is asleep:(
It's unfortunately so thick I can't do anything with it.
Sry I couldn't come out betch : / glad you had fun! XO
Falling asleep to rain is quite calming but waking up to ice all over your car and on the roads surely isn't. ;)
what's good man. this phee, I shot that interview with Marcus and Lajason
come check out our fried chicken and waffles, burger w/ pimenton cheese, chicken liver mousse, soft serve ice cream w/ hardening shell!
Most deer I have ever witnessed together at Eagle Creek.
okay, catch you later!
Finally have my own copy of #UNBROKEN by Demi Lovato. :)
Early spring on steroids in #DC! If you blink, you might miss it!!
Due to this Saturday's weather forecast, has been postponed to its raindate Sunday May 13th, 2012. Hope to see you then!
And, yes, that just happened.
RIP DAVEY JONES!!
You may not always end up where you thought you were going, But you will always end up where you were meant to be!”
You should text me if that was your your phone so i have the number :P
We love special brownies! I'm not sure what this means but says he has a "brownie thing" for you.
I got this drink n my cup.. ( :
haha, sucks. The man strikes out
UPS is down, but if you have the tracking number already, you can track it at The UPS Store website.
Enjoying some My little pony ytp... I see where Bronies come form even if they are a freaky breed
Thank You
If an artist is "Unsigned" he/she is Independent, which is why I have the Independent Video Channel not Unsigned Video Channel
I love that #Reddit is blacking out for SOPA tomorrow. I wish Google & Twitter would follow suit, it would reveal the bill's true power
feeling really pregnant
Oh... That's a pretty face
the spokesman fa detroit.
Fell for #Westin vacation package in Maui--beautiful room, incredibly crappy view. Not doing this again--
It's over Knicks!!
Uhh tell me about it I hate kids so much too I'd never ever have kids their so difficult & complicated to deal with I'd never
Thieves are the scum of the earth #fact <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Kingdoms of Camelot, please quit your advertisements on Pandora. I am not interested. Go Fuck Yourself #kingdomsSUCK. Sincerely JMFA
my hero watches "step it up chicago", sleeps on floors and raps about cookies. <U+2665>
Former UofWashington HC Bob Bender on ATL staff. He was at UW same time Coach Eastman was HC at Washington State. Back on opposing benches.
i just followd
Beautiful #Seattle sunshine now. Get out of the office & come get a tasty Italian #sandwhich. 101 Stewart (at 1st ave near the Market)
30 minutes of less ^-^
,that height party interesting,what were you reading?
your not gonna compare me to your new boy toy, insult me repeatedly, then expect me to tell you a bed time story so you can sleep
are you serious?? omg thats so terrible. #RIPALEX </3 /;
office and client props good. Thanks for checking in.
: HOLLA ! I went 2 the 1st one (does that make me old lol) and they had a great lineup
you look better with your clothes ON...forever. permanently. even when you shower.
When I hear 1D many things run through my mind. Not just there cuteness,but there talent,& how much they spend with there fans<3
Good job, Will Hunting.
NetFlix has "Hot Tub Time Machine" listed under Sci-Fi & Fantasy. Seems wrong but I don't have a better suggestion. Perhaps "sorta 80s"
thanks for the social media info!
what does that involve?
RT : We have a special guest visiting our Dallas office today! We'll be live-tweeting the event at 1:15 p.m. Stayed tuned!
I know right? :D
So the THREAT of violence in #Libya was enough to go in & kill #Khadaffi but 8000+ DEAD in #Syria yields nothing? #WarpedHumanitarianism :-/
Magic city junk food and my bed !
Hem yea, everynight with my headphones
Freaky friday.
I HATE YOU.
": Yes I go to Catholic school. No I am not chased by crazy nuns carrying giant rulers #getreal #catholicschoolgirlproblems"
Found the fake friends and people. Time for new ones. #GAM dm E.
that's all about to change
I think we need an event coordinator ! That's a great thought. Twestival planned for 4-30 @ Brooks landing to benefit foodlink. Can't wait.
Can't wait to see at our Southeast Regional Meet!
[still sobbing] RT : BC hockey team being introduced at the first commercial break.
I'm not sure why, but I have a sweet soft spot for I really hope he wins the battle.
Mama thanks for following me!My friend Maddy did this all for me and she is my best friend !All my thanks to maddy and you!
I'm already dead???
New year, new Lightroom catalog(s).
Mother's Day brunch with and the rest of the Bevan ladies !(:
Just bought The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo on blu-ray and Mass Effect 3. These will definitely help get my mind off things
how do you get the hookers and bots to stop following you?
you know I want this! ; )
had twitter for a while !
It's interesting b/c Sibelius reads some things, like "play 3 times," & actually does it. But won't go back to the sign on D.S.
the zeus, the zues, the zeus is on fire!
Of course! :) Enjoy the rest of your weekend!
I vent to myself , the only one that'll listen to me
no doubt...good luck this coming season!
THUR 9/17 Dessert Special: Chocolate Tart with Brown Sugar Anglaise & Vanilla Bean Ice Cream
Kelly Rindlfeish, 4 felonies pending for misconduct in public office. Faces up to 3.5 years in jail
Mad how i just saw ,waved & he aint do nothing -_-
I can see your thong! Thank you!!
Nice, That's pure love, right there! Happy belated birthday!
I'm sorry I can't afford a ferrari, but that don't mean that I can't get u there...
got railed by two tests today. great. -_-
we all need to wear red pants.
#HoboWithAShotgun didn't hit me hard until later when I saw it a 2nd time. I didn't appreciate it fully the 1st time.
#Pastoral is featuring a cheese medley box for #mothersday honoring some “Great Ladies of Cheese” It makes to perfect gift for mom
TONIGHT at Late Bar! & behind the bar! Lisa DJs incredible heavy jams! $2 PBR bottles, and FREE Sailor Jerry rum?...
is seriously the coolest. just watched her teen vogue video montage. #girlproblems i have THREE brothers. :/
RT MAY 25TH WILL BE EPIC IN THE "BX" GALLERY LOUNGE WHEN HITS THE STAGE @ THE "ADIDAS" PARTY!!!
It's tricky. Just download one... RT : why is it 11pm and I'm googling "how to make a sphere in sketchup"?
Morning fans! Who's looking forward to the three day weekend? Got any gigs this Labor Day? If so, where?
My garden is now prepped for spring planting.
Watching Unfaithful on OWN. This man is grinning nostalgically as he talks about the affair that almost destroyed his marriage.
when Derrick Rose turns his knee around the right way
Love going 0 mph on my way to work!!!!
I don't favorite tweets, so every time I check that page it's always an accidental surprise: this time, a guide to caring for your pet fish.
GoodTimes last night can't wait to party w/u in the burgh!!
RT : Keep an eye on Washington RB Chris Polk, for the #Redskins. 2nd at Wash in career rush ydg. Not an opinion.
Failed a math test.
maybe then you would understand its not that serious
Beach, golf,pool? What's it going to be? Whichever it is, have a relaxing day!
yeah - it sounded like a great idea when my friends suggested it. Not sure how I'm going to carry on for the rest of the night
Having dessert with the Chimienti's
why would you call then just breath in the phone
so whaddup? I told her shut the fuck up.
I just scored my IMAX tickets to opening night of "The Hunger Games" and I'm so flippin' excited!
A "Strategist" is a happy "Plurists" - looking to the implications beyond. Development Stages per Rich Douglas
Just opened our new website for Reel Simple Life - Celebrity status for everyday life. Find us at www.reelsimplelife.com!
thats what you do ! Great info and release :)
Met yesterday at Revolve! I sang him "Coke, Fry & a cheeseburger" & he drew me a picture then called me "Dancy Pants" ;D Lololol
sad face
They found another Mayan calendar and the world won't end Dec 21, 2012. Who the fuck made the whole "the world gone end"?
Love-A Word That Comes And Goes Though Few People Really Know What It Means To Really Love Someone..
RT : God doesn’t see you as a “maybe” or a “what if.” He doesn’t see wasted potential. He says, “You are destined--- wow
good luck! I know you will rock it. Look forward to seeing you soon.
AWESOME ! Empowering End User Insight Through Rapid Data Exploration and Visualization with Power View
At the mac bball tournament with and .. Go zips
I know=P
heck yeah!
It's a bunch of tracks yet so basic. A1 type tough, and maybe the House Party remix
Allegheny County Assessment Board just mandated that all appeals must be done while planking.
Kevin Kujawa: 20 years of ordering the appetizer sampler.
I got the brush :D haha
My Team, The Motto, Freestyle, Nikes on My Feet and tons more:/
Happy Mothers Day to all the greats out there!
Never get tired of doing the right thing........
OMG ! 1020 ! It's like a dream !
Smoakamotive was chugging there
been reading too many threads on track forum?
Bout to be kickin ut with my boy
Yes, liberal arts rule the world!
Congrats to ! The answer is "cashew."
Yanni, you rock, you need a logo done that's a zipper with the last "K" broken off. safe travels!
Thanks for the RT & support! Hope you enjoy the weekend.
Mad happy my 2nd block teacher ain't here :-)
What kind of message are we giving kids when MTV does coverage of Li'l Wayne being released from prison glorifying it?
Hi Lindsay...cute pic!!
missed end of the race, hockey is controlling me ;)
Tom Hanks says Megan Rapinoe is his hero. AWESOME. RT My heroes. Wambach. Boxx. Rapinoe. Solo. That TEAM! Our team!
My dad about James Harden: "Oy, this guy's Al Quida" LOL <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
check it don't wreck it
Keep doin' your thing
Just missed my que to be on stage woods.
J. Myrick Howard, President of keynote speaker at "Preserve Minnesota conference" now up.
Have a great time!
Of course, followed :) x
#stuffthatpissmeoff when i see hot guys with ugly girlfriends
. Archivists and "other duties as assigned" - to what extent is archival work falling aside?
Take cover Milwaukee!: Milwaukee tomorrow! Haven't been this excited in For-ev-er. ( Squints Paladorus voice)
RT : Apparently y'all American dudes can't handle this leopard print bow tie like these European guys can.
Clarissa is explaining some stiff before I go to bed. Aka watching Clarissa Explains it all
I feel great from the previous night! Thanks, Love you.
I cannot fall asleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
The photos are wonderful....Imagine how the show look live! Opening night tomorrow. Tickets on sale now.
It's illegal to tweet and drive. You're endangering my life
Throat still hurts. Head still stuffy. Send cake!
how many of those bikes stop at the "red light" heh, heh, heh :-)
Heath Bell's Whip would make a great ERA.
In Australia Women Shopping Online To Find Best Deals On Quality ...
Shameful that our county and city commissioners are encouraging sprawl.
if you play let me know where! I'll come watch you ball:)
Remember When You Could Get A Real Burger Or Dog in NYC for $1? Well, You Can Again - via
It's word jumble day! Today's word is "ypsarrerb". If you can figure it out correctly & say the word at U-Swirl, you get 50% off!
what are you doing this weekend?
Got some sex for your stereo
LOL RAT WE DONT EVEN FOLLOW YOU.
It's hot as hell here!
Yeah I like it there though, I went to every museum haha,
i cant take a Big L, my city needs me.
Thanks, I need it :/
she's lame anyway. Always coming at ya with irrelevant arguments.
Me LOLRT SS who is hving fun w/ me after work????
- sorry to hear jackie doesn't feel well :( we were looking forward to chillaxing w/u. Rain Check 4 sure!!
Tonight's a Wendy's Spicy Chicken kind of night
A truly inspiring turnout, thanks to all for their service. RT : Ray Decker, #OPM - 50% of 120 in audience today are
#Overheard at the Cottage: "Look up there, she's trapped!" - a little girl noticing a staff member on the second floor mezzanine.
Chemical Sensitivities Motivate Albuquerque Boutique to find Organic Solution...
im writing a book.
Its the kind of problem you want to have! Country radio has been great to me my whole career. I can't thank those folks enough- G. Strait
The true definition of stereotype: an accurate measure of just how stupid the human race still is.
You should be the host all the TIme!
Senate Tax Chair J. Ortman launches #Vikes hearing with "ordinarily not good policy to do tax break that benefits only 1 company"
if al white towels could love
glad you got it! Wear it proud and suport
I'm at Gardener's Supply Inc. in Bakersfield talking with Randy!
It's only Thursday /:
Friendly Reminder: Tomorrow's show has been moved to Low Spirits on 2nd Street.... Show starts early (9p). See ya then!
Don't you hate it when you're lying down texting, your phone is a ninja and slips through your fingers and attacks your face?
Headed to this week for 10 full days of cruises. Hope to see you all on board!
"One is not born into the world to do everything but to do something" Henry David Thoreau
Sheriff Dave Mahoney: Rally with 14 Democratic Senators at 3 pm at State St.
Did Anthony Davis just spin RIGHT?
I'm not sexist btw, I just think that everyone has equal rights in the Uk now so you know
Merry Christmas..Hope you all are having a good one
Telecommuting makes me not hate winter so much
Going to brunch for my first time in DC yayyyy xoxo
why are we so hot?!
#m. grilled pork chop and toast sandwich (:
Trying to stick to your New Year's resolutions but out of meal ideas? Try Daily Grill and one of 12 new under-600 calorie choices!...
#milwaukee the snow seems to be slowing down! Time to salt, shovel and dominate #wegotyoucovered at A. Fillinger Inc.
You bet. Adi and I have had a few discussions on the Trinity.
dude that is so awesome! I'm glad you like it!
So, -- your "Bachelor" verdict?
bidness is always taken care of, always fool around n muh fuggas stay in check nigg
Okay now catch up to my campaign...
HEY DUDE!
ugh! Me too....sunshine all the time please!
chicks got an ass like an onion making me wanna cry..
It's a working Sunday. Let's go stack heads of lettuce for the Lord...
RT : Banks now have the ability to walk around with consumers in their pocket.
awesome. I've gone there for that reason about 3 times myself. Who'd a thunk?!
My guys are headed to the movies and I am hanging with the ladies !!
r u in Miami?!?
should i keep my hair thick or thin it out?.. i need help deciding!!
Who's got a new iDevice for Christmas and is using
yea it is!
nervous for you and your jimmy johns. Feeling ok?
Like us on facebook too keep you updated on more shows! RT : cos pony productions brings more shows worth seeing.
I just found out I can make my daughter fall asleep in an instant by just rubbing on her eyebrows. Lol
YOU WOULD. you'll prob eat there more now!
me also wish pics sexy outside of me soomeday also
obvious they want an all male final; don't tell me how to vote #idol; I'm VOTING JESSICA
hahaha I knew right when I got this it was you... Haha
hey whats some really good songs to sing????
Don't nobody love me on here no more :'(
I wanna hear!
So is mine! The headsup for 2Gals CD with Flashcards.
I'd take it over nothing "wont u just be super happy when they tell u, u have to clear x ftppoints to cash out?!"
Gmornin' ! beach in a few
I have no idea what #DTRBABY means...
Just learned I'll be teaching a grad course in Children's Literature this fall! Looking forward to having students who are smarter than me!
Spring break !! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BA>
Don't ever let anyone tell you you can't. For you can do ALL things through #Christ!
It was a great time and nice to see you again!
wahoo! She is the best teacher in the world and those kids are blessed to have her!
We'll definitely let you know once we announce pricing; stay tuned to the blog
margaretr0se how creative AM I
Today was a gud day I cn say that
The system! I will accuse the individual workers of that system against me...before the eternal bar! - Charles Dickens, Bleak House
I'm officially a Junior!
Are you hitting on me? Yeah. Oh that's cute. :)
LAWL go to the mall >:D
what is there to be scared of spiders?
Yes, sometimes I am simply sharing with my future self.
Pork dijon slaw and pickled sirrano relish....m i can taste it!
Vodka can be made out of anything! It was all pot still distillation until 1850s- no continuous still
no, I like YOUR face (:
ALL THESE PENCILS ARE SO MUCH FUN. ALL THESE PENCILS ARE NUMBER...2 GET IT, NUMBER 2 PENCILS! ;DD
"Be outrageously energetic and madly alive." -Robin Sharma
at Sidesplitters! can't wait to see Ben Bailey :) pretty sure he is gonna propose to me....
Been very sick 4 three days now:(..... bed-rest, ginger ale, and medicine help.....texts from friends and family is even better...<3 you all
Sorry, lost a while and didn't hang on twitter. Really miss you guys! Be stuck with some codes to create a new app.
kalahari today, cedar point tomorrow for choir, then DC starting monday:)
Spoke to lawyer today who said to get job in his firm as paralegal, have to be a lawyer. Guess there's no hope for a lowly college graduate.
S/O to follow an artist trying to move to the top!
Beer lovers! In case you didn't know... and will all be slinging their #CraftBeer at fEASTival!
Wish I could go back to Texas
Thanks for hookin' us up with the #VIP seating last night!
I suggest you fight Diego at 185. Please.
if you don't support #teamblake then you probably think that the low cash cowboys are cool
doors at 6 we're on 3rd
pens finally woke up“: wait and see.”
missing Sean Bean on
RT : dang somebody done fucked up lol >>>> Most Definitely.. They didn't know what they had.
it was well worth it
Just got back from an audition for a new Paul Thomas Anderson film starring Joaquin Phoenix. Hope all went well!
" Apple matches $1.3 million worth of charitable employee donations tnw.to/1BnI0 by on "
Lies spread like your legs did.
Buy One Get One Free: Men's Jackson Denim
great memory! You are correct. ;)
RT : We're putting together a team! Anyone want to join & ?
Queuing up Monday for home opener, whilst reviewing The Day The World Discovered the Sun by Mark Anderson
Fresh vegetables, jewelry, hats. Tomorrow 10-3!! Come out and support!! 30th and Penn, SE.
I'm for the 999 tax plan.
Oh my God, I love Tony Stark.
For weeks I've felt lost and I can't see the light
That would be great. Will see if I can swing it. Thanks!
Gotta dance.
I noticed. It didnt show at first
Good things do come in threes. And also, apparently, all within the span of an hour.
U are the best! U got me over here smiling ear to ear
All kids need is a little help, a little hope and somebody who believes in them. -Earvin Johnson
so glad jeremy got to meet CL I think that will help mucho!
Someone said that Twitter is for hipsters and nerds. I said "Hey! Who are you calling a hipster?!"
thanks for the Tweet, Inna!
you too girly! let's go horseback riding together in Aspen
is that like Taco Bell?? <3
Don't know how they do it.
New Jersey Governor Now Behind Internet Poker!!
I'm hoping trust me. Not only would I love to have Ryan win this race but also beat Power doing it.
There was literally zero chance that Prado wasn't swinging at that 3-1 pitch.
we excludes people in urban areas
I am now considered a man because I want to watch the Ravens game to watch the patriots lose.
Colonial Life job fair tomorrow 11a-2p at Clinton Twp MiWorks. Agency Sales and Benefits Counselor positions. 43630 Hayes. Clinton twp, MI.
A: "everyone, and every generation, has a personal line: where is it? That's a fluid concept"
Thank you for the follow Looking forward to seeing you all one day soon, and reading your tweets, comments & insights Cheers!
We don't need your input on everything!
Did the Komen Foundation just pull a Netflix?
Americans have the same problem, only different. :$
Taste & Toast Thursdays 5-8pm RT : Join in the fun if Taste of Tivoli debuting tonight!!!
Call for Local & Licensed Locksmith You Can Trust 24HR. $19 service call 619-335-7969 http:/www.ISDlocksmith.com Locks Installation Lock
OMG YES SAME I've been randomly obsessed with it lately..can't stop watching it ah!
You forgot hemp protein.
Title Case Is Cruise Control For Cool.
PHONES BACK UP!
You're not the only one to wish our director would, um, insert herself into her work!
Om gosh! My ringtone just scared the crap out of me, its my sister singing bitch(:
Now that was the best 4/20 ever. I still can't feel my face lol
#3wordforyou Team Heat Baby!!!
cool how old r u
Thanks for favoring my tweet!
Some lady just called me and asked when I graduated from high school. I'm still in high school?...
#SAYSOMETHIN so excited!! Im listening to y100 (:
I take that back, I don't wish brain damage on anyone. But if you cheap shot one of the best, you might as well close your hand next time.
caffination and hydration.
U were right Signature win 4 Crean, but it was an upset That was the definition of upset I am now on the bandwagon!!!
Seriously I hate my sister. Thanks for naming everything I fail at. Cunt.
Sometimes I need my Bromance Sometimes I need that pole dance Sometimes I fuck up n need a 2nd chance
I love the guys like you that support the Bike's tourney. Good luck to Sir.
No matter what I do, my phone is always with me.
Agreed. Game changing. I'm not against changing games, but I do get tired from figuring out new rules allatime.
you rock! Thank you for the very kind words this morning!
« Breaking: White Sox's Phil Humber pitches perfect game»
Your hamstrings are surprisingly useful.
Talking to two 20 year olds is like talking to a wall.
Ms. Kool is back in town! Now I can go back to my crazy schedule...
Our show is on.. you're welcome.
Well I'm sold, PoDog it is.
When someone truly cares about you. They dont give up. #thankGodforthatboy <3
New Perry campaign slogan: “Upps! I forgot, but don’t forget to vote for me, I won’t forget you”
500 Gallons sent out our first set of invites for beta trial yesterday! More to come. Stay tuned
If you don't care where your food comes from or how your fish was caught or what happens to your waste then you are part of the problem
Just realized that is following me.....***SMILES**** I feel complete
" YOU'RE A WHORE !!' Oh really im a W.onderful H.uman O.thers R.eally E.njoy ? cool story bro.
Second night at the gym... explain why AFTER I joined I needed to sit through another sales pitch for a personal trainer for $800 month?
on what phone I don't have a missed call from him!!
Love the people who treat you right.
Getting sick of FB, but I am still addicted. Looking forward to next paradigm of web-social networking.
"Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value."
Fa la la #Christmas #snow #October rehearsal!!!!!! In New Hampshire.
yeah same
i culd sure use a nap before hitting the gym after work again. #kidnapme lol
So exited I just bought the whole 1st season of glee for $15! Heck yea!
Where do you find the time to go to the gym everyday?
So who is working out what tomorrow?
And your bleu cheese salad dressing which goes up on Monday. Really enjoying the book. Thank you.
I blame you, Canada, for making me a hockey fan.
Where are the Quebec Nordiques when you need 'em RT First time since 1980 no Canadian team in the 2nd round.
thanks for the follow....we never charge extra for emergencies, holidays, weekends or nights...24/7
headed there now! We are starving & thirsty :)
your website is up!! AHH the layout is amazing! Seriously you rock! :)
Watching 5 mins of Greys Anatomy reminded me why I don't watch it
James Massone from the voice. Oh my lanta! Marry me?
New phone :-)
Is anyone else bothered by instagram spreading to android?
Happy to help!
#atxcouncil formally ppds Green redevelopment agreement to 4/26. looks like lots of work still to be done.
How emotional!
u kno it
Trib Local lasted longer than I anticipated. That said, how does one "outsource" hyper-local news? Doesn't that defeat the entire point?
Happy New Years from all the staff at Opera Theater. We wish you all much success and prosperity in 2012!
#TRUELIFE u don't got nothing on my reality it's getting HOT in here
A lot of boys think of girls like books; if the cover doesn't catch their eyes, they won't even bother to read what's inside.
Little boy dressed up as iron man going to see the avengers..
Anonymity has killed this world. And everyone that knows me knows that I'm up for a good joke, but the mean-spirited manner of these kids...
okay you do that
I am cooking your fave - seafood cioppino - want to come over for dinner and wine? I need a date :)
' I'm sorry I missed you, but hopefully I'll catch you next time. :-)
Why am I just now buying Brad Paisley's new album? I LOVE Remind me!
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Been lying low lately anyway, so not so different. Still trying to sort out how all you busy people keep up with Twitter scroll.
"she fucks everybody"
Lls yes cause something just blew me
Computer issues are making me #mad going to have a moment from #officespace soon!
or just confused about their sex.
You must have done this before.
Workin all night!
Thanks for the shout out.
don't forget the hot sauce!!
And I drank one glass of wine and fell asleep. Because I am OLD.
Dude. This is crazy.
Headed to JD Legends in Nicholasville KY to play on the patio 7-10 with Kristi Miller. Come hang out w/ us-BH
Good to see you Brandie
Just because I said I don't care, doesn't mean I really don't.. Why are you so clueless?</3
#WeWontWork if you prefer rap over country music .
was waiting 4 u to say "this building took a dentin' in Trenton"
We will have an abridged version of #bizasiaamerica tonight for live coverage of the 4th China-US Strategic and Economic Dialogue
Check Out Rocking With The Industry Vol.1 Right Now www.tinyurl.com/mbmixtape1 Hosted By: &
yea thank you your my BFF
talk of a codeathon in austin texas... to get all the Texas legal docs that are on web and in XML - ready for citability who is?
Journey of recovery...search for serenity: Blessings.....
Well, that was a lovely little SEA to SEA flight. Waiting to find out if we're going to take another shot at SEA to SAN in this bird.
There's a tendency for people to express negative opinions as fact. The shame is that they will see truth and reject it.
& what about me!
How do you feel about your first night at Couture tonight ?!
pizza rolls <3
lets call it a night , good night
So glad you like to pictures and I can't wait to come back! We love it there!
Listening to all day 'errryday
#Swag something we asians got
no im done riding. :P the air took my breath away.
so looking forward to tonight's show!
I don't know.. I like Mr. Hunter. Never had Lee. Payne should have had Lee's spot.
And the 2 drummer thing sounds sloppy to me.
I got to play model tonight at ! It was a lot of fun! Be sure to check out Facebook for pictures from my first photo shoot soon! :)
BTW, do you have a dryer?
i cant write this poem for my life.
no your not. Please tell me
yo did that #AmexHM tweet work? havent gotten an reply.
I hate it when someone does that
The second I saw the words "double agent" in a alert on my phone, I got so excited!
To get to my body you have to get through my mind.
I hope to go to Toas NM tomorrow. That would be such a nice break.
Air boxing wrestling match with kids. I announced mommy as my tag team partner..the kids announce Jesus as tag team partner.
I have no idea where he is now lol
#Survivior friends y'all have a great day !
yay! i hope you can do something fun with your family :)
Is it bad to dream of a former co-worker lol
Whoa! I just tweeted one of my pet peeves!! Lets try that again....
prepping for event on the 14th and National Foster Care Month events in DC and NYC!!!!
I love love love quinoa!
Seesters, you are not alone. We're all in this together as we delve into the healthy zone. We will each triumph & reach our milestones!
you gonna go see Sparks the Rescue next friday? :o
#FF our newest followers &
I am THRILLED that Doughboys is open again! The molten mess that is The Monster now happily lines my stomach.
Mitt Romney will visit Portsmouth with Gov. McDonnell
I hate Austin Mahone so much, words can even describe it. He's so..fishy. Like he doesn't even care about his fans he just wants fame&money
Hey My dad is a flooring guy. I'd be glad to hook you guys up. He's really good and I'm not saying that bc he's my dad. LMK!
Mark Wahlberg, say hello to your hubris for me.
Touch a girls heart, NOT her body! Take away her attention, NOT her virginity! Make a girl laugh, NOT cry! And I promise she will love you!!
is she even on this network?
In the no-one-is-ever-safe "Game of Thrones" world, I'd conquer only a pitiful porcelain throne due to inevitable anxiety-based diarrhea.
Ha, that is a lot of early-morning diapers! Okay, I will work on spicing up my life just for you! ;)
Thanks! I miss ya'll! COME BACK.
20 days to get a 80 in algebra. I hope I can do this
Yay... I get to see you tomorrow!!
: Wow. I am in love w/ that librarian. What a terrific letter -- and encompassed so many issues that we face! thanks for posting!
I wonder how much density plays a role, too. Would be good to know.
Thanks for posting the video. Peter was a lot of fun!
Dont lie to me , i already know the truth !.
“Don't sweat the petty things and don't pet the sweaty things." ~ George Carlin
Shout Outs to CustomDesign Silkscreening "Custom Design Silkscreening" for the CaLegion Shirts!
Good Morning and Happy New Week #Baltimore! 2day's word of the day is dedication, without it talent, ability and intelligence mean nothing!
I have to admit, I did freak out a little bit... until I saw Arum was behind the whole thing.
Thx 2 all the participators & spectators @ the Bean Bag Brawl today! had a great time & can't wait 2 have more cornhole events in our city!
That's great hope you have a great weekend its sunny here so it’s a great day for some outside activities
Well goodnight boo!! *:
I can see my suit-case from where I'm sitting at.
DEAR PRUDENCE ON VACATION?! How will I get through the waning hours of this Monday without my favorite advice column??
I'm sure you could turn 'Fuck off' into a national catchphrase.
turned battle rap into a sport... only the strong survive!!! url needs a gatorade commercial!!!
"it doesn't fit in a Rolodex because it doesn't belong in a Rolodex" bwah ha ha!
what's up Thanks for the RT. More people need to see that article.
goodbye January!
happy mothers day!!:)
GypsyMobileBoutique will be at Roseville's Downtown Tuesday Nights Tonight from 5-9pm!! See you soon Roseville!
#BecauseitstheCup you can get away with murder if you are a well known player...
lol all of ya want me to play matchmaker.
what up mate.... We have a new project called and wanted to let you know. Tell your peeps to follow us if ya can!
Come join us Monday the 23rd at 6:00 and enjoy some excellent froyo while listening to live music by Jim Clay!
give it a try Chica ;)
Text your friends and join us for brunch this weekend from 11-4
I will but can I go with you? cause I have no other ride :p
On this week's Real Housewives of ALMS: shopping & wine and cheese flight at bistro with McDreamy. Ok, we weren't at the same table. Whatev.
Talking to others about their beliefs and political views made me re-analize what I believed.
Smh this shit feel like the #FreshFest all over again lol, no worries though, just finding out who I can and can't do business with...
Please join us in wishing our Head Football Coach Gary "Flea" Harrell a very Happy Birthday!
Sally Majewski, whose Race, Class & Social Change course at UMass changed my life
I wish I could...but no matter what happens I want to go to a game soon! (September/October probably at least)
I always appreciate when human resource offices keep me updated on my application status. Thank you.
Seriously considering going to bed now & waking up at 4 to write this paper....
If you want something you've never had, your going to have to do something you've never done.
I'm v excited to hear that -- I'm reading it in a few weeks -- it looks so good!
relax bro. U need to update your app. Use the calf machine.
Cuz that's what we do... Expect the best from everyone and anyone. But NEVER lower your expectations!! You are n deserve the best
Trash is still Trash, even if you put it in a scented bag!!!!!!!!!!!!! Once it is open you know what's inside!!
Happy Friday the 13th everyone! I'm celebrating by being hungover.
Going back to shitty ass tucson tomorrow night ))): I wish I could stay here forever!
Until u walk in my shoes please dont judge my steps. I am just a girl who want 2 be happy so please understand my choices are just that MINE
#TKAM is a favorite. Grew up in Monroeville, Alabama, hearing stories a/b Harper Lee and the filming of the movie in town. Enjoy!
You Obviously Lack Originality
twitter -- something I read to find out stuff, if I should know what is happening it will be posted to twitter
Today we live in an online era- the most powerful, most accessible, dynamic communication system ever known to human kind!! Websites are...
Interested in "the digital humanities," particularly the application of social network tech. Suggestions about where to follow on Twitter?
I'm too nice to people & that's why I always hurt.
OK UM NO
Be a part of next month's Celebrity DS Tourney! Play early, play often & be one of the first 100 quads hit this month and you're in!
Haha. That would be good
World's Fairs symposium continues at 2pm, Harrison Auditorium, w/talks on gender, & Catalan/Spanish conflict in 1929 Barcelona Exhibition
#HappyBirthdayGRANDman is trending worldwide! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Of course you ask to see me the day BEFORE I get home. Ugh. My life.
this just got serious Aaron. I do not look good in blue and orange lol
thats u sexy boo
RT - ready to see cam newton and the panthers beat the jacksonville jaguars this sunday at 4 pm
I got it! Thanks for the research!
I look forward to the panel!
Our pleasure. Where and when is your show?
Go add Laced Facts facebook page
I guess I haven't been tracking the body mod scene very closely. When did septum piercings become really big?
Rodney Lisembee is leading a session on cloud based computing at
I contend that putting a giant crossed out picture of a dog pooping in your window is grosser than an actual dog pooping on your lawn.
I feel like decatur school systems dont prepare you for college..
It doesn't take a genius to see that the world has problems.
You working on that strip club song for them?
so what is that best way according to mum?
Just now looking into it. Will let you know. Looks like it will be a great event.
Wow. Can't imagine being at a game like that.
says it was published May 2, 2011 issue of magazine.. but sobering stats, bowling needs to do better.
What Kim Kardashian filing status will be for 2011 Tax Season?
Field day got canceled.
yes! I think there is one real close. You should look up their secret menu online before you go too.
Paolo Cherchi Usai back at GEH means only one thing--cinema has finally reached its love of fate, amor fati, a complete Nietzchean circle...
My cure for the winter blues? Jannicke & Jordan Lue! Unconditional mommy love :-)))
The declaration of independence was written on hemp paper...
Workaholics would have got the votes of all the pot heads.. They couldn't take that risk..
That's what I meant by "unless you're going to Harvard." If it's not Ivy League, no one care where it's from.
Thank you for sharing the Warren video!
You guys. The birds singing outside my window are SO loud. It literally sounds like the jungle out there.
HEY YOU!! Do you see this? Okay. Then tweet me! :) Thank ya. (:
I love the sense of camaraderie when an entire line of cars teams up to prevent a dick from cutting in at the front. Stay strong, brothers!
I hate that I can't live tweet #Texans game from our great seats. Why does Reliant have such bad cell service?
: hope you had a great Xmas. +K about Realtors on >>> Same to you, my friend. And a prosperous 2012 to all!!!
I'm in the smaller one to the left. That complex is 3 buildings, but there's a total of about 10 right there. It's nuts.
Congrats on a Great Season!! Prep for 2012 Title starts TODAY!!
it was in response to you wanting to sound like the one guy.
I don't like having second thoughts, I liked my first ones better.
Actually that's so much cooler than what I had in mind. Short URLs = smaller quantity of awesome than long URLs, right?
Can't sleep because I know 2morrow will be a great day! I'm @ the door to my dreams
I see. Why wouldn't you want your ticket sale representatives adapting to trends in the evolving marketplace?
stop sub hitting on my fiance
The Tonight Show With Jay Leno With Jessica Simpson' I'm Staying Up... Uffa
I think every conference is a germ conference
Everyone prepare for Pax prime! Tickets on sale by the end of the month! Will post as soon as I have more info
Dharma and Greg Bums
:/ u shudda let me know
I'm cheesy #dontgiveafuck :-)
": just processing...you really moving to Charlotte, NC?"<-- I'm at the airport to make the official move!
aww thank you so much! it really does mean a lot. i dont need fame... i need ed... haahha.
Best bday weekend ever with my sister's and yay....adjo your next.:-)
Lol how does responding "hello" back sound like invitation to whip it out? If you say "hi" to me, I say hi back to be considerate :/
MT A quick reminder! #Femlead Join us TODAY! 2pm EST leads chat on Sponsorship
really want yu by my side
Seriously thinking about going #vintage for 2012 to add a little more personality to the wardrobe & cutback on major retail spending.
How does the move toward open eduction disrupt our thinking about general education requirements?
this is a not so happy hump day... allergies... please leave me alone.
: Parlé Blaque is gonna take over . #EASY #WiN . .
it was pretty good. Could have been better. The bruins looked flat.
Wow .. I'm hearing gun shots at fucking 3:51 in the afternoon over here .. What the actual fuck . #ThatsTheNorthForYa !
(late response) Yes! Love to see nonsense smothered in intelligence. Go smarts!
My DVR stays busy on Thursday... TOUCH and PERSON OF INTEREST...Just love these shows
protective beautiful wifey most everest times infinity times infinity
: LOL does she? (issues famous Rifa exprssn). Maybe she doesn't wear the same pair more than a few times? #Frugal or
If i get this car tomorro ima be swangin and bangin through the hood
Yesterday was special. Time well spent w Dr. Norb Sander, 1974 NY Marathon winner and Derrick Adkins, '96 gold medalist- 400 hurdles. Wow!
happy birthday
My legs are so sore from yoga last night lol LOVE IT =]
you guys have the best sweet tequila burritos!
: I am so, so sorry for that last drawing in Draw Something.
#YourBiggestProblem is that you act like love is just a big game
we are rockin out with the excellent and other amazing acts at OccupyDC Xmas event! Come out and say hi.
“: #TraderJoes coming to Austin.” Does this mean more hipsters moving in or is it time to move to the burbs due to traffic?!?
The CURRIED MOBILE Food Truck is gonna be on Dearborn between Monroe & Madison for LUNCH today!
nicely done. unrelated question: do you have Stan Bowman's email?
hey zach! U still haven't followed me :( xx
I know right !!
congratulations you just told me your first lie . Do you feel like a big boy now ?
when you need a new phone case but don't have any money...
OMG thats is funny, i am watching that show too! it is on for like 6 hours <3
c'mon the movie 2012 wasn't that bad! I saw part of it on Sunday...hard to hate John Cusack!
Sangria: An iced red wine & fruit mixture from Spain. Originally created to hide spoiled wine.
GOP passes bill forcing women to have their vaginas probed -- or as Newt Gingrich calls it, "Dinner and a movie."
important phone call today...hopefully it will lead to all of the above!
that's me every day bro. Hate it.
Seth I tried to stop her
Alas, more than one. I was watching the ceremony on TV last night when it hit me ... Wa.wa. ;)
Crazy. jumped 200+ followers within 2 minutes of tweeting his handle.
i need to relax on twitter need to be like them mtfs who never tweet but stay twatching
So pumped for the Heidegger class next semester if I don't get in I'll be so sad
Chillin' in the car . Going to Walmart , went to adventure island today. That was fun (:
cuz I gave a lot of Ls ha
Find the beauty in this day and be glad!
BALLS DEEP!!!
Fish Fry at YST to benefit Tulsa Area United Way in now going on. $7.50 will get you a plate full of goodness for lunch!
why would you?
Brent Albright submits Mister X with the Crowbar.
I thought we were just starting to get along.
Use the hashtag #uwmgrad dude. We have to get that thing spreading.
Mercy Corps Monday - All Day we'll be Donating 5% of Sales to Portland's Relief Agency.
LOL. I took the scenic route for the B.A. (6.5 yrs). Got my M.A. in 2.5 (which is very fast).
When the calendar gets too full to juggle ditch it and go to San Marcos.
and now to me
One exact week away from Diego Amador in ABQ! Can't miss it if you're here in town, flamencos!
Ah-yikes. Fire alarm sends us scurrying. And this was such a promising presentation :-(
this is priority number 1. We find sheeny a silk robe ASAP. Barbara how has this happened?
Once I've lost all respect for someone, everything they do I see as
Hell yeah bro,I sent u a email.
There shall be nothing ambiguous about it.
Somebody needs to do my hair
will do, wife is 5 months pregnant, this is probably our last trip while she feels able to enjoy it.
I love your pic.....very cute
I don't think I can move.
pathological punctuality - I get worried when I can't show up for webinars 10 minutes early
You are most welcome Stefan! Followers, check out new to Twitter! RT get's a helping hand from OEP! Thank you
I did! I just got on Twitter to say cool - La Jolla Patch was on the World News. Nice aerial photo of the beaches!
Hey David. You too. They did (for now at least). It's shrunk to three co.'s - Ellis, Navarro and a portion of Tarrant.
You gone learn today
n Fran's fever's been teetering today. Is currently receding. We're hoping this trend continues. Thnx for the + vibes!
#IfIWasARapper my name would be John Philip Lawgiver
is launching a campaign: new job for 2009!
" They say they want it! But they don't want it with Chi's most wanted The Competition ". Follow us we Follow Back
I won't thanks for the reminder
On my writtin shit, feel like i gotta do it rite now.......
You have to see the 80s guido sweater John Dennis is wearing.
It feels shitty when you think about somebody all day and they're not thinking about you at all. So don't be that person get yourself right
Coach Kanales said Raymond Felton (Achilles) will play tonight. Ray said he'll see how he feels after pregame warmups.
Check out the Reader for an interesting profile of local artist / musician Willis Earl Beal. Worth the read regardless of my involvement.
You know you've been at work too long when you have to pay the double rate in the parking garage.
The real cause of the economic crisis? The institutions we have trusted to protect our interests since America began decided not to.
i hope sws will still be on warped. but if not then i completely understand.
So done with this..
Just saw a lace front wig glued to a ladies temples..i wonder if that impairs her judgment.
Don't have a care in the world when I'm with him. (;
Thank you for following. Look forward to your tweets and articles!
It super inspiring! I hope people learn from this video!
Better Fantasy Baseball team name: "Friday, Friday" "Blunt Beaver Needles" or "The Inverted Biebers"?
Cheers to MY new dance partner! Such a fun day girl :)
you kno I love all my brotha DJs but sometimes I be feelin like yall....well lets just say thanks!!!LMAO
IS JUSTIN IN MANCHESTER?!?
ooh, good idea!
I'll check it out. Would be a good gift for my birthday *nod*. just patching now..
Rolls up a blunt and starts to blast
i went to the doctor yesterday nd she told me that i had been diaose with...BIEBER FEVER sad right :(
The more you add "gate" to the end of political scandals, the less it means.
these are the issues that I care about
sexually frustrated. <<<
An invention is something new, innovation is something new that succeeds.
I wanna sleep!
Awe... Finally home... Mommy Mode...
Absolutely! RT : Siri works very well...IN THE ADS...
Just added some new video to the youtube www.youtube.com/greenrenaissance
we will be at SIX at noon! Hope you're still there!
Thanks Paul. First Greece, then Italy, now changes in French leadership... Interesting times in the Eurozone.
SNAC emerging in the digital library world: wins Best Paper award at Theory and Practice of Digital Libraries 2011 Berlin conference. Yay.
haha my friend made them!! So good!
shout out follow her or get shot in the face by an evil monkey
woot! are getting a shout out from in his webinar with ! :)
Wow. Amazing night at Scotland Yard Pub last night. Mike Z Duo packed the house, Karaoke brought the house down. Thanks all. Merry Xmas.
“: I just want this nigga granger to spark bron one time” then the series would be over bro
More work tonight. ( : I'm in love w|my iPod right now.
I forgot how many Robsten sites I followed on this. o_o
EDIT: The ONLY good thing about #NBA playoffs RT No joke, the single best thing about the NBA playoffs is Chris Bosh's video bombs.
yes. NOW GO MAKE ME A SANDWICH BITCH!
The #Yankees have pitched 8 shutouts and been blanked 8 times - same record as last season.
alight u can dig through the vacuum for them if u want!
11:11 IS IN THE TOP 100 ON ITUNES!!!!:D
The fact remains, there are not a lot of parts for us here either. NY is the same. Must create ur own projects.
Whats more appealing to the eye will always win. Thats just the way it is now.
On My Way To John Hannah Church!!!
You ain't met me yet bruh! Not saying I'm the best but again, u ain't me me (drops mic)
they're coming over my house friday at 1! You should come :)
why do u wanna be humped?
wow, thanks! I'll look for my cheering section!
Hopefully she's a Denver fan but I doubt it lol ---> RT : #Game7 let's go let's go let's go!!!!!!!
hiring crew (all positions) for directed by submit resumes to
Overwhelming amounts of work to be done. TO THE ROSE GARDEN!
I ain't no you get down like dat now
It's a great night with gal pals for happy hour! Wish you guys were here!!
M we will see tomorrow
Heading to for a bit. Who's in?
free for the evening - who's doing what?.
If wanting more money is gay..then ya i'm Elton John
this is a fail, and slightly ridiculous... i'm out!!!!
I think for him to quit Florida and then take the OSU job is so dumb. Who knows what's going to happen with them!
is lick, fit and ain't taking no shit!
Bought me a bottle for tonight.
Turkeys on the side of the road? #mustbebackinMC!!
goodnight everyone
I can't wait to get black bean soup from
. I would say there aren't personal brands...if brands give prods personality, human beings already them...I hope :)
I don't think I knew that! Congratulations!
I feel like a million bucks, but my money don't feel like I do
I love it when boys say "im falling for you" to me <3
Beautiful, beautiful weather. On today's agenda...anything Outside.
I spend about 180 nights a yr in hotels...really has helped me
Out loading wood in the cold :/
almost as nice as a smooth natural light on a hot summer day.
Currently looking for an agent for representation. Have a possible supporting role in a MMP coming up in Sept. in addition to other gigs.
I love Tom Izzo. He is the hero of East Lansing Michigan. Sparty On.
Much like the gay bullied kid at school, we are just waiting to see if & finally notice us. #chicago #movement stop suicide
New info about woman accused of selling "suicide kits." She pleaded guilty, but it may not stop her crusade. I'll have story 5p
hello sir
The best shows are the ones where you find the rare tall dude that's like, "Oh damn girl, get in front of me!"
Has anyone found (gentle) introductions to data visualization in R? I'm onto #ggplot2, but am wondering.. how deep does the rabbit hole go?
Thanks for coming!
I'd be more than willing to believe that.
Longest cab ride ever. I'm officially caffinated and ready for a long day on location!
like the song. Best wishes with ur music.
Currently working on an additional materials request from my dream school. Not a bad way to start the week.
Rico Muerte just signed with Full Circle Studios!!!
Dis one bout to get punch in da face...
Hahaha you know you're jealous ;)
awesome: so happy to hear :)
June 12. Rebirth Of Detroit.
Yep! Need to do some thinking for next year. Brainstorming with my experts tomorrow.
i'll be there good luck tonight go ducks!
it's weed! no its medical marijuana...it's weed!
RT ": Boy you aint the only one thats tryna be the only one"
Shoulda took the time to study todayy..
how will I get it to you?
I'll fill in for you! I am applying the "time to blow some cash on Black Jack" attitude for the day.
I'm good! Just relaxin' on my bed. You should go to my page and download my new single for free if you're up for it :)
Girl you and that hockey......
With wide arrays of tubes available for sale, the choices and preferences are lots of
That only makes me first of the human slaves.
am I gonna see you today too?!!
#MyFreshmanYearAtFAMU had to hold me back from running up to mcguinn and beaten someone down
Thank you! And you as well, you have an eclectic collection.
I hope 2012 is real. Or all my tarnished silver Mayan calendar pins are going to look hella stupid.
Strike up the hyperbole: Radiohead announces Feb. 27 show at the American Airlines Arena.
Ask anytime, Rachael
Thanks for the work you're doing I think you'll like 's model to lift women out of poverty by putting them to work
'How to Make it in America' A HBO show about a pair of almost entrepreneurs climbing the ladder in NY in the fashion bus. Call 212-391-4668
back at ya Nick
I'm making an effort to text you & I'm getting a response I expect you to be somewhat interesting !
So I just finished all of Downton Abbey. Am distraught there is no more!
"I just want to pick my nose til I die"
Respect has nothing to do with it. I want to talk to your lawyer. Period. Where's the number?
wanna get lunch?
But...does it get your heart rate up?
it's such a beautiful film :) “: I saw A Better Life on a flight and cried all the way to baggage claim #truestory”
It's Read Across America Week. I read Mordant's Wish in my daughter's class today. What are YOU reading?
I've been thinking and debating so much on it , it's going to take me all summer to decide. It's so complicated
Sware if I see you god damn name pop up: offline & online one more time!!
Oh fuck... I hurt my ankel once again by playing basketball... they really mean it when they say no running & sports-_-
Back in the U.S. 10 page paper due on Tuesday, ugh.
Relationships last long because two people make a choice: to keep it, fight for it, & work for it.
I hate school so much.
putting together releases for this month
My wife is such stoner, she sees a fuzz ball on the carpet across the room and thinks its bud.
Nice to meet you too! Looking forward to keeping more up-to-date on that side of the country :)
Rumor has it Tom Hagen visited Andy Pettite just before he changed his Roger #Clemens testimony.
ah I see.
Cisco Completes Acquisition of ClearAccess
What does it mean that when I look at your avatar, the first thing I see is Ayn Rand?
I love dogs so much :)
Yes I am loving it. Not sure what kept me in Portland so long
pics please! That sounds delicious. What a perfect #sundayfunday treat!
Hey there, (esoltechnology), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
I agree! And it was a nonapology. Like, "Sorry for doing this even though we'll be making it even worse in a few weeks."
What you earn is directly proportional to the value you give in your market.
Possibly. They'd need to call someone up to pitch on Sunday though.
I wish I could claim my dog as a dependent on my taxes. She is family.
beastie boys got me from grade school to high school to here.
Still in Chicago even though Expo #SSE12 is over? Enjoy a Segway tour of our city! Attendees receive $10 off! 312-552-5100
i had to make a new facebook, i forgot my password. lol xD
Guys are like buses....if ya miss one,ten minutes later,here comes another.....
YW! Seen you a few times at Comics Ink & have always enjoyed your posts.
RT: People will always tell you what you did wrong, but will hesitate to compliment you for what you did right.
Vontaze Burfict, Fall So Hard University
I am proudly, one of the Writers House, 238. Stand strong, soldiers.
2,000th tweet...better make it a good one
Thank you very much! :)
Loved hanging out at madison park beach and staring at all the pasty people in bathing suits. Then drinks and dinner. Good night!
I keep hearing from new-ish libs they are having difficulty getting jobs because of not enough "life" experience on top of MLIS.
The brand of employment is very similar to the brand of consumer behavior -
I really appreciate a clean smelling cab.
women love me, i am the next Heff. :D
But, of course. Now let's go run!
Now seems that the NFLPA vs. the league isn't the biggest obstacle - the owners are still not on the same page. Pathetic.
De nada, its what we do.
Symbaloo is based in costa mesa CA would love to see how we can work together with the teachers association!
RT The biggest mistake a girl can make is thinking that the guy who broke her heart once won’t do it again.
"You're listening to the radio and writing with a pen? What decade are you in?" Love it #Schmidt!
#iwillnevertrust a guy like you again
At #IECA12 and want to reach more clients? Stop by our table and enter the drawing for an integrated marketing package values at $5,000!
Yeah, one little Congressman did all that on his own. C'mon Ann get real!!
Hawaii's Official Tourism Site -- Travel Info for Your Hawaii Vacation
Now I'm not the best at parking but really pt cruiser 2 and 1/2 spaces!
good thank you how about yourself ?
good call on when to go. Have a screamin day!!
Hi!! I hope you're having an amazing day! What are you doing to celebrate #MothersDay ?! xoxo
Is removing so much dust it's ridiculous. Arrgh.
Don't people run for a cause all the time? Make the #funrun more than just about hanging out! Try a #fundrun at #mla12 to benefit
that's great to hear! Make sure to spread the word and retweet.
comes visit me at the Michigan Ave location!
Sunday Lineup!Nat'l Anthem by Philip Dain Powell,Indiana Reggae Band,Whitney Coleman,Holistic,DJ Rusty.BIG GAME
What, what you need.
SLICK SLICK SLICK SLICK!
Rao's Coffee with be available on the shelves at Big Y stores as of Monday, May 14. Enjoy!
Commercial breaks are a good time for me to remind my followers on twitter that I only do this once a year... You have my apologies.
RT : I like ebscos new ebook product despite it using ADE. They have audiobooks. And more fiction coming
do u like that person
You don't like me? Cool. Get in line behind the other #bitches waiting for me to give a fuck!
My #GFY reachout worked!! No #rain on date night
Christopher Plummer won! Still my older man crush. Love me some Captain VonTrapp.
My cousin fell asleep with his headphones in. Think about I turned the volume all the way up & pressed play. His reaction = priceless aha.
Peyton Manning has a serious gut going. This might be the most conclusive evidence he might retire.
haha no no not this time
I wasn't going to give out this LOCK, but my little losing streak must come to an end NOW
I would comment on yo profile on your profile pic but I am speechless lol
of course! :)
What's up My Niggaass ; it's Been a minute since I've been on :P
The bookstore that ate my life: finished processing returns ... for today.
If you can't handle first grade offenses. You can't have a masters degree lifestyle
cool. Do you remember the cycle route?
SOHO office efficiency: technology to help drive down the cost of running a small business
I agree, am it's a shame.
I'll give him seven *holds up sign* lol
I'm in a Guns N' Roses kind of mood! #nowplaying Don't Cry
I was on your twitter & ju's on my lap and he freaked when he saw you're picture! he was grabbing at the screen! he misses you ):
Work on meh Jesus!! Yes in my soul.
Who's going to ventura warped tour?
We love it. RT : Next stop:
I just had to explain to my boy Jack that Hannah was in NO way related to Joe Montana.
Thanks so much for sending this along. Much appreciated!!
“ Difference between her and me? I would do anything for you and she would do anything with you.”
some google-ing says that dryers that use range outlets are normal for trailers, not too surprising since...
Makes you wonder who the magnet really is then!
reading article after article about the weaponization of the marburg virus. someone stop me.
Change management. haz it?
Disagree. It's all about the situation at the time, can't predict future. Up by 1 or 2 is no different. Up by 3 there is huge.
- I'm jumping up and down!!!! Octavia!!!!
A cockroach can live several weeks with its head cut off!
linking it tomorrow for Little Lov'n Monday
Good night everyone going to try to get some sleep this time. R.I.P Marco Simoncelli
Fuck that! If that is the case, nobody "deserves" happiness. Stop worrying about what you think you deserve and enjoy life!
are you here in Chicago?
I miss you.
You are still a naughty girl. Great job last night. I enjoyed watching from home with the kids.
The 2nd 5 for the #Spurs would probably earn a 6 seed in the west and be a tough out. SAS/OKC could be a great series!
Well, naturally. As it is first on 19C Irish lists. Good ole' terrible period demarcation (tho w/ Irish, Act of Union matters).
WHAT IS IT WITH THESE PEOPLE WE'RE WITH
Today is my last gathering as a student... This is gonna be tough. The friendships I've made here I wouldn't trade for anything.
Selections For The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The Bands Are Underway..For More Info Log Onto www.mlkgrandeparade.org
Draggin ass. I want a Redbull
Everyone was out this weekend while I finished 2 weeks worth of homework! :')
Well check them
Life is to short to start your day with broken pieces of yesterday,it will definitely destroy your wonderful today and ruin your great tmrw.
Washing dishes is definitely among my favorite calming things to do before bed.
Still up gone off that mickeys malt waiting on this braised beef w/balsamic glaze mozzarella/mushroom tortellini putting olive garden 2shame
i hear it's nonsensical in the best way. I, very sadly, missed it in 35mm last night
RT : I'm not playing God, I'm playing Doctor. - Susan Hunt
hahaha oh well. Best he doesn't know who it is XD
break a leg!
Thanks so much!
they only cost them a couple bucks and all the t-shirts for most teams come from overseas. They can have the shirts lol
Happy Birthday! to the gorgeous and hilarious
Feel her heart beat next to mine, make up for lost time. <3
Rolln up stank wacthn my team fuck the lakers and okc and who ever else true Memphis fan on my side of town baby
so true! If you weren't true to yourself, so many people wouldn't have been inspired by you. Thanks Jen!
hey. Went to Gotham Miami the weekend before. What a scene! Got anymore Miami food suggestions? Goin back Monday.
If idiots and lazy people weren't so stupid and lazy, would demand the same pay as hard working smart people?
What shaken?
Why thank youu :)
you are becoming more liberal every day
Lauren, your music is blowing my mind today! I have All of me in my head.
And this is why I'm leaving again. Bye Bye.
HA, great tweet, love it
Keep it moving!
Have fun! I guess it won't be long til I return to CoMo for your graduation!
Norwich murder trial jury hears about suspects later cleared of wrongdoing
Miami Marlins will open up the 2012 season at the new Marlins Park vs the World Series champs, St. Louis Cardinals. Josh Johnson is -169 fav
i cant spell lol
did you stop following me or is that the twitter glitch?
you did and u didn't speak Smh
Lets go #TeamMelanie !
Special Edition - Casey on Trial with WDBO Legal Analyst Sherri DeWitt coming up at 6pm on AM 580 WDBO.
Thankful for unique culture that is museum staff. Thoughtful, dedicated, passionate, and not afraid to wear scarves.
if you had to choose, what's one book that you've read that really left an impact on you?
Because The Cave Singers are going to rock Rick's beard off!
We call them the Southbeach Sox ": Love how #whitesox fans come to see wearing their sox gear. C root for him.
So much to do, but getting started is the hardest part, take that first step and you'll be amazed at who will end up walking with you!
we LIKE it :) looks serene! closing my eyes now and pretending i'm there :)
Joy is rejuvenating. Thankful for laughter; esp that had in listening & visiting w/ this weekend.
RT : A life without dreaming is a life without meaning. Dream on and dream BIG!
Sounds like Russell wants to compete with Flynn for the starting job.
Nearly fell headlong down the stairs due to excessive bell bottoms.
What kind of coach do you want your kids to have this season? Show your support for the coaches who volunteer for your kids.
Feels like one of those nights when I start asking ppl random questions.
Happy 4/20 to all you lucky bastards that get to party today.
how're we supposed to find direct quotes?!
brb. Gotta go to FB!
Nice series there Dunk, 3, steal
It will be epic!
i can honestly say that i dont see how girls can settle for being the "jump off".... unless he's giving you things... that's different.
In Mongolia today, we are celebrating National Pancake day!! It's the cheapest source of food to feed our people.
I'm kind of sad that we only have like 18 hours in Philadelphia
Glad to have you! What brings you here? We hope you are enjoying your visit!
wha so funny?
"THE AUDACITY OF DOPE" hosted by- Grap Luva- Feb.17th Makeda, Wash DC. Dope Beats Dope Lyrics Dope Music. President's Day Weekend!
to be fair, it is almost the end of the school year, so he might as well be in high school already.
I work with people who believe in prayer and personal development. I wouldn't ask for another great group of people to work with. Skinny...
Every year I watch Almost Famous on January 8th… This movie gets me every single time
for good?! I'm not there yet lol! The latest will be Jan. U better be there still so I can knock u upside ur head! Lol
Silly autocomplete. Anyone using Trello for project management?
On the metro looking grotesque in my green Starbucks Community Service shirt. My life.
Here's to the Mahomies who remember when Austin came out with new COVERS on YouTube.
Thinking of EBSCO b/c it is somewhere different, then heading to the Pigs. Ovid always throws a good party so its hard choice
haha well unfortunately I know this world runs on money, but I'd love to be a musician, it's my dream though!
Estrada better be able to throw breaking balls 4 inches out for strikes too
Getting ready to walk up on the WGN truck by McCormick Place... do you want me to STOP for an interview!?
I'm sexxy and I know it, know it!
Working on shows for May. Excited, that's all I can say.
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont can't drink beer
war games is on tv. god i loved that movie.
Mission Impossible movie with the hubby was a great way to start my Christmas Break!
That'd be because it's only half beer.
Unconfirmed. RT : Looks like Mariano Rivera tore his ACL chasing a fly ball in batting practice for Yankees. Thats not good
Wonderful day outside and I have to stay inside! The joys of allergies
Friday / 420 / Friday / bring on the fucking weekend
Sleepytime herbal tea mixed with sleep-max PM should be some weirdly interesting dreams. Here I go.
Feed the Soul, Starve the Ego. -The TV.
That was nice of them.
you male me proud of you tour such a great person
student quote: "when you fail, try harder next time" #Learn2Fail at
Going bed I text every one about to go sleep nite
Glad to start the season off by saying,
Ronaldo got pissed off United took note then banked and rebuilt. No future without every heart in the dressing room bleeding club colours.
#nowfollowing <3 she's so cute <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
My actions are totally out of my hands today
Virtual Internship? like working on born digital items or in the public interwebs with feedback from a pro?
Hunger games premiered tonight wat did u think??
is the #swagking . And he knows it To! (;
": So who do my tweeps follow/root for in the NHL?" Hockey sucks unless you Actually go to the game.
So rain all day cool nothing to do):
Between sellin dope straight off the #iphone and trappin off the android, smart phones gettin it in lol
I think I shall read your books. from an acting perspective...Sounds very interesting ;) scary picture...
A great locale, agree? :)
Madrid, San Sebastian, Barcelona, Roma, Cinque Terre. "you'll be with me next time I go outside"
it does not
on the podcast! Nice surprise in my #iTunes podcast updates list.
You are SO smart. I want to be a princess. I'm channelling you next time hubby is doing a project!!!
Awesome trailer! I can't wait to get a hold of that. I hope it has some vombies!!!
le ensenie el avatar de a mi mama y ella dice que esta guapisimo hahaha
team player?? Is this the same guy who quit on his team? Shoots free throws? At what 23% you are the fried one my man
i hope tom. school is fun and peopek are in good moods eek im twittibg random shit(;
Me & my family are on our way to watch the new play in Dallas! Cant wait:))
Zizek does sound like a fun exercise. I also find sampling him kind of funny given his writings on intellectual property et al...
where are you driving to?
Ah I wish would get online so He could RT this..... Unless.... Hes a creepin......(:
I meet you tomorrow at the beach bruh lol
Make sure to flexx at the shoot. And lets work
Performing at NY Studio Gallery House of Horrors - Friday October 30th on the Lower East Side see details at www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
good morning! If you haven't had the chance to stop by my shop please do www.shadowglacier.etsy.com
thx! Have a great day!
The greatest revolutionaries are also the greatest seducers
follow me please!!
it would be really refreshing to see Tim Burton make a movie where Johnny Depp plays the lead role of a dark but overall lovable outcast.
girl that shit gets on my nerves.
matt drills was easy as heck today.
it's certainly memorable!
Your goals are the road maps that guide you and show you what is possible for your life. Les Brown
yeah sure what time?
Oh, why cant i have a guy like you?
Don't do it! Lots of other ways to give to the cause and also work out/walk.
Goin to watch Lion King 3D with ! So excited for this!!
I'm such a moron. I've been off on Friday the last 3 months. I finally work 2day and FORGET that u guys r out... AAARRGGHHH!
ha so why would u tell that boy that?..just saying. Thats really creepy
Just met a client moving out to LA to live her dream per my counsel. Great to see people acting on what the chart wants to give them
I got ugh headache shit real
#lifelesson treat others the way you want to be treated
Never regret a burger - unless it tastes awful or lands you in the hospital.
I love Adele voice!!!
glad to hear it, are you in Toronto?
I'll take one please! :-)
Getting a pedicure and my nails done. First pampering time I've had in a while.
creepy, huh??? Hahaha.
Fake Gucci. That's that shit I don't like.
u just readin it wrong. U needa go to bed lol
Sam and Dean storm Sucrocorp to take down Dick Roman. = Watch the Season Finale of #Supernatural Tonight 9/8c!
somewhere on water saturday and probably slate on sunday, but i'll text you!
my birthday was yesterday do you think you could make my bday wish come true and follow me
Dude. im friends with a 2nd grader on Facebook. omg
Happy hour with Christal for the THIRD time this week lol
Finally changed picture XD
It's #FaceBook Day. Put me down for 200 shares at $38-45. Easy money for hard working musicians.
We are off today. Going to be near New Orleans. Where can we get the best Po'boy and jambalaya?
nah I don't think anythings worse than slavery hair jayla..
About to read "Gang of 5" by Nina Easton and "Cancel Your Own Goddam Subscription" by William F Buckley, because Valerie Dichiara said so.
No title needed
What up homie! Long time no tweet! Hahaha, That was stupid
Because the stupid unnecessary drama is frequently offset by pretty plates of noms, I include #HellsKitchen among my guilty pleasures.
Gr8 song. We need that kinda music. Lightning really struck yall multiple times vocally my man. Ya dad, ya uncle,u.
Access to means increases lethality. How can you disagree with that? Fact is it's harder to punch someone dead than shoot.
I reach my goal weight. Now time to tone up for this summer
Happy Birthday to my dear friend Hope you have an awesome day!!
Have you ever wondered what it would take to change the world...now take the next step.Fear to act is the only henderience to hope
do something then.!?
HAPPY NEW YEAR from SoloPiano.com!
Pandora heart and soul radio
So sorry to hear that. I have one grandparent left, and thankfully she forgave me :)
So Christopher Plummer finally gets recognized for THIS instead of Dragnet?
yes that's u :) RT": you dnt know em no more or what? 0.o RT now your just somebody that i used to know :)"
Nothing gets me pumped like Rihanna's "we found love" and COFFEE! #yeahbuddy!
I am a female musician myself!
lol.... not cool kid :P i'ma need for you to fix that!
I actually once judged a lip sync contest with Dick Clark. He was very nice.
so cool! I will definitely send in one! Thanks for letting me know!!! :)
backyard consultation in Forest Hills Gardens, I love the tudor-style buildings in this historically preserved pocket of Queens!
yes looking at late May. Will email you soon!!
Hey! I do not...I started one a few years ago and never touched it again ha!
Isn't it great? I don't think anything comes out of a can! #MotherHubbards I voted them best diner on 's BoT.
you look soo young in that picture, lol. How old were you? :]]]
Thank you!
#imthatperson who will be there for anyone even if I don't know them.
Bulls ball movement is beautiful.
Watching the last songg .. (: wish i could be cuddling wit oomf .. lbvs
Not in the library, but I'm adding one to a conference poster presentation
Ah Vinny Commented on my post<3 Happiest girl in the world ! (:
let's agree to disagree and move on, your the one that brought up the recent past, but can't handle the distant past...
4 mile training run today, short but intense. & don't play! My 90% non-sprints need improvement. So slow. Ha!
"I thought dubstep was a band" -
Gotta go with Torrey Smith, he's been the more reliable fantasy option lately and is the bigger TD threat.
tonight? What everybody else does SLEEP!! ;) #goodnight <3
Joss Whedon is a genius! Avengers was so awesome.
TONIGHT <U+25CF> “That’s Mad Gay…kNOw Homo” 7–9pm Higgins 310 Explore the ignorance/pain inflicted with this while discussing relevant issues @ BC.
Next saturday night at bordello bar in la we hope to see you all there
Served with tiger's blood on the side?
Not that I don't enjoy reading for my dissertation, but I am really missing pleasure reading these days.
By the way, Roddy White wasn't even talking about Bountygate. He was talking about something completely different.
logged on to 222 followers... you guys are golden, c':
I think I was able to help a reporter today who is writing about astynomiaphobia (fear of police). Can't wait to read the story.
plz people do it for this woman, and more me, and for my girl Britt ;) lol
Making lots of beignets and eclairs for the weekend. New chocolate flavor apricot cream. Lemon and Lime curds are back!!
Been craving sushi, but holding out till Wednesday's Pretty Woman date. So long. :/
she has a great dad!
Got my replacement galaxy s 2. Hopefully this is a keeper
so I probably shouldn't mention waterfalls??
I have a 2 seater truck lol... Y'all would have to come get me :(
are you awake vanderbilt!!?? Im bored talk to me!!
#BETaward Since when is it ok for clothes to be so tight that yours hips/thighs look like tires on an 18 wheeler. SMH
Ugh so damn true. I just wonder how they got it & i didnt. I'll never understand....
Why does my gps insist on taking my through Korea Town?!
Thanks for the Follow!!!
Thanks to all who came out tonight!
When I say not play as a team I mean they dont rely on each other because they dont have to
shit well your screwed.
You never told me about the family business...how do you have time for multiple careers AND the "wives"?!
my weekends are depressing
I haven't seen or read The Hunger Games but those people should have stored more creamed corn.
Oh!! That's just beautiful!! Yes.
dude have u seen the south park episode with the Planetarium Hahaha?
Good night I hope you had a wonderful day! Xx
getting pimp suit and tat tonite
A little simple thing can fuck up your mood. Just like that.
God Morning..testing again
Most powerful tool in negotiating is the willingness to walk away. Tell the players to go overseas and get paid
lol she wants me to run that shit by myself, like be my own boss and shit so I might have to!
What is your REAL name?
Tune in tonight to 102.9 The Buzz for your chance to win tickets to this Thursday's Blood and Guts Ball!
I was JUST saying the same thing!! I CLEANED MY ENTIRE HOUSE! I'm feelin domestic today lmfaoo
I will retweet it for you.
i want $ to buy non-school related books
GOOGLE SPREADSHEET? MORE LIKE GOOGLE BEDSHEET, BECAUSE I'M GOING TO WRAP IT IN ONE WITH SOME CINDER BLOCKS AND SINK IT IN THE HUDSON RIVER.
hey can you follow me :)
I'm now officially celebrating that fact!
Kansas St QB looks decent.
If God is watching us, the least we can do is be entertaining
I heard you have a compilation of every good song ever done by anybody.
Denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptance…the five stages of me hitting the snooze button in the morning.
- i understand what he's going through. i have many things wrong with me and i can't afford to see a doctor or even get a prescription.
Nothing quite like moving 50+ CD's in a few hours on the street!
Oakies, thanks for all the fun today at the Picnic. It makes me feel less sad that summer is halfway over.
RT : needs much more air time than he's getting tonight. #CNNDebate // Word.
Tomorrow night it is!! RT : Dude can't wait to reunite w tomorrow night. Miss this kid. We clown too much lmao
Before buying anything, ask if you can do without it.
wait. Me or kayden?
Happy Easter!!
I'll agree that the Bender doesn't hold up well over time. It's good stuff when fresh.
- sorry to hear that. I used to have them, too
Hey what kind of #piano did you get?? I've had a humble upright for a couple of years but am dreaming of a baby grand.
Most depressing moment ever: Every Sunday night, usually around 6pm, when I realize tomorrow is Monday & it's not a holiday weekend.
umm when can we hang out lovers?!
Whitney Houston has 8 records on #top200 #soundscan #sold 289,590 combined sells on all albums 5 albums in the top 30
I spent like 2 months in these three areas, Van N, Woodley, and Clev. I feel like I know it all lol. It's almost ridicul
every idea starts with optimism and then leads to pessimism. true entrepreneurs get through the issues. others go back to new ideas.
sounds like that huh!? It's actually from one of my favorite podcasts,
Try your best to #NeverBe in the wrong place at the wrong time with the wrong people
real is real fake is fake
Clue #6: The contest winner is from the the state of Florida
Do dogs have nightmares?
The Hawks are alive for one more game! Crazy finish in last night's game.
Nothing new though..
The hair is the richest ornament of women. ~Martin Luther
*austin gann RT : Chris pine will always be the sexiest man alive, no one can compete.
I'm hoping will start pulling his pants up - and keeping them up - so we can all just put this "behind" us once and for all.
Support VAWA’s reauthorization Act, this helps reduce violence against women by holding perpetrators accountable.
GIVE HER A BREAK
Was at the bar last wknd w/ Tried 2 get my twitcrush 's attention. She was 2 busy. Shes like J-Lo. Im in love.
:) Next time I'll introduce myself, say hi, share a coffee and talk Chelsea!
Time for food!
LP Thursday! Come listen to records all night, enjoy great wine tasting all day, and happy hour 4-7pm. Enjoy
Put me up on your black motorcycle.50 babydoll dress for my "I Do."It only take 2 hours to Nevada.I wear your sparkle u call me ur mama.YaYo
At work whats up people!!!!
Clutch RT : My boss said leave at 4 pm and go enjoy the sunshine. I'm clearly not going to argue.
Why are nicknames so fun?
Nuggets aren't that bad of a team
I swear by jeans! It's so happening! Remember when u yelled at me in blue print!? Lol
good morning world, fight child abuse a growing condition in the USA
RT : Back for another season Terpnation!
These are fantastique! The Man in Black (and white).
good to see you! Thanks for stopping by! Let me know if they have waffles in Maui... Might need to franchise...
Now more than ever I am convinced that HTML5 and mobile web are not the future.
Cultivating more joy today. RT Optimists outperform pessimists on the job by as much as 50 percent.
Can't wait for #BackstageRush btw is there anyway a mom can get a follow back for mothers day???
The backchannel is hopping, and amazing on this panel
#1DNewEnglandContest because I honestly want nothing more
Poignant observation this week. One never notices what has been done; one usually sees only what remains to be done.
Thanks for the follow!
Same! Mad I didn't get on buying tix to the Boston show before it sold out-but I'm gonna make sure I see them play somewhere!
Still listening to Bob Mould. Sugar - The Act We Act
re:show LOL you're prolly right. The fifth band member is the on-stage live blogger.
dillhole will be sent packing tomorrow.
where did you go last night ? ;D you were suppose to dance to "make it nasty" again lmfao jk ;D
#TheWantedOnIdol am i the only GUY blowing up on twitter right now? my news feed is all GIRLS tweeting right now! haha =) <3
In 1929, just two years after the lab had been founded, the name was changed to Kawai Musical Instruments Manufacturing Co. (cont.)
I can't believe there is a line to buy #Brewers tickets on a Friday morning.
"The fear of the Lord is to hate evil: pride, and arrogancy, and evil way, and the froward mouth, do I hate." -Proverbs 8:13
I did - no go for me, too- may b a blessing in a way - I'll tell u why when I c u next. Ah well. Worth a shot.
Yep, it's going to be a great role! Maybe a hard as nails detective? Oh, I've already done that!
I had a countdown tonight and all the girls went home with losers at 0
Sleeping with my window open tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Niggas are about to turn from hipster to hippie right in front of our eyes.
Sorry. I got glorious hair.
Oh I'll have a good day, but not because YOU told me too!!!
GRANDERSON Clap Clap Clap Clap Clap Clap Clap!!! Nice Catch!!!
I use tweetdeck on my Android. Like it much better than Twidroid, especially now that I have 2 Twitter accounts.
Movies tomorrow??? Probably
Forget chores, we're watching Lion King 1 and 1/2 hahaha :)
we all roll along
At the rate this awards show is going, I might watch The Walking Dead sooner than later.
Raheem DeVaugn is following me on twitter.....SWEET!!
Thank you, you too!
Hi! Tks for the follow! It's a pleasure returning the follow! Looking forward to your tweets! :-)
Venus Williams avoiding meats, cooked food, and processed foods to help resolve her Sjogren's syndrome...but is she eating the right...
Well more shopping today an than hit tha club tonite wit tha gurls
You think people pumping that money back into economy would make things worse than hoarding it? You really are a fool.
When your boyfriend cooks for you >
Love the bangs! A woman I work with told me to let you know she loved them too. :)
Homan:. It is truly an honor and privilege to be selected as your Provost
We have meeting space for association planners! Tweet me!
Lol You Dont Know How Hard I Just Smiled
Ocean park casting is FULL of kids today. Shouldn't they be in school?
Thank you!!! That means a lot :) Glad you dig the music!
I was standing the entire 4th. What a win.
well yeah I'm down them<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Was Steve Jobs' keynote address at WWDC today totally a "meh.." moment for you too?
Ive always been in the right place and time. Of course, I steered myself there Bob Hope”
please follow if u wnat a new follower she follows back FOLLOW
Normally, I don't like a hairy bush... it looks good on you though!
I know. The Ravens wanted him. They have other options tho
Ever have that feeling that you cannot accomplish one more thing today unless you wash your face? I'm there. Now. Damn you Clarisonic.
I have no money, no resources, no hopes. I am the happiest man alive. Henry Miller
Wine, candy, and a stack of midterms to grade. Oh, and a round of ME3 now and then. This is my Sunday night.
Lol..in ur dreams maybe ;) That's about it tho.
See you soon! RT : Going to be making my way down to later today. Who else is going to be there?
Thinks Pink Floyd is the perfect listening choice while writing a paper on monsters
i mean like yeah hes alright
okay, thanks(:
I swear i never do my homework! Fuuuuk it. Ima "wait till the last minute" type of person!
How about "Cleanup On Aisle 7?"
Hello and what's poppin? I am just preparing to move and getting my act together.
I think i have a sunburn.
Off work now
I have some v good leads, thanks! It appears there may be a copy of them in a public library in Indiana. Who knew?
Cross my heart ..was a song I made from the heart and its a different sound..
It is a GREAT Morning! Wishing you all a fluffy and fun day!
do I know u??
THANKS FOR THE REMINDER GUISE LOL xD
I just want revenge. Is that so wrong?
Cheesecake factory & a movie with my love
Yes enjoy, and Thx for visiting us! Will they be in for Easter Brunch?
Bosh out indefinitely after MRI reveals strained abdomen
a cheeseburger and fries are only $4.99 this week from Chubbys!
This is not happening. Maybe the Glee kid's come out after for the 'real' finale. :(
hello and hugs to you both this lovely evening
Why do we pay so much for texting? In data: 1 you tube videos=25,000 texts or $2,500 (thanks to the math of & )
#bieberfact Justin is currently living in Atlanta, Georgia RT if you knew that :P
Angry Birds have kidnapped my boyfriend. Not sure if I want him back :)
is celebrating #Easter early! Come by this Saturday and participate in our annual Easter Egg Hunt!
“: Where should we start tha #TooColdTour when Joker get out??” INDY!
Working on corporate sponsorships for web series and a tv series right now. I'm loving life!!
and how much history is that? By your rationale everyone should support Newt Gingrich...or Dorris Kearns Goodwin
No brokered convention, please! No Santorum nomination either! Think about the general election and who can beat Obama!!
please get FB back...im terrible at this Twitter thing. Plus it limits my creeping ability..and im terrible with hashtags?
Yeshua's suffering and death thus embodies perfectly the love of God and neighbor required by the Shema. - Dr. Mark Kinzer
Q3. What do you think is the biggest difficulty to breaking down campus silos?
Haters gon' hate. By the way, look at Brad's life and look at yours. Looks like you're the d-bag!!
STAY TUNED & do not miss the RELAUNCH of Carmona Pictures' Website. COMING SOON!!!!
Big hugs to the Team at Break a leg!
oh jeeze D: i shoulda seen this coming, way to ruin my day:'( Now if i suck at states its all your fault :p
<3 RT : no probs. Thanks for being an awesome band. Come back to Canada soon!
Thanks for following!
I just want someone who truly loves me... <3
#edchat In many instances, many admin. were not effective teachers & fail to accurately identify truly effective teachers.
I wish all those couples would just go get a room so all the single/loners/desperate people don't have to see it
haha yeah yeah yeah. That's that player sht smh.
So pissed off. Mum won't let me go to the summertime ball and Justin and loads of other artists I wanna see will be there :/
The amount of alliteration he's using is also disturbing.
Who's selling a side kick ?
You never replied -_-
i'd say i'm surprised but i'm not. wow.
LAKERS TONIGHT 1030est, 930cst !! rocking the purple #8 away uni tonight. ready to shut the denver nuggets down for the season
Yo, it's crazy right now. Quarter size hail in MIA and crazy flooding.
Silly me thinking I could go home and rest after having a latte...
CyberStationUSA.com the first and largest
and 1.8 million die every year from diseases associated with inadequate sanitation, poor hygiene, and lack of access to safe drinking water.
I think this made my morning!
I would go for it get "Red Wings "
Happy Friday!! I am excited about the weekend!
Gone ON !
Now I need to find good #scholarships for my
ok ill keep u posted, if I feel like it after practice tonight ill check u out at select
Hope everyone is having a good #MLK day. Get ready for tomorrow’s clue and Wednesday’s chance to win when #PhillyHunt continues...
Trending topics make me sad...
#passingthought All Utopias eventually will turn into dystopias. Failure is built into the system as a feature, not a bug.
Carol & Johnnie are back this Sunday with an enjoyable variety show many have come to love. Tickets are still available online:...
Hi, I am back! I want to rent an escalade!!! Can u even rent those??? lol ;)
Thanks PDX Children's Museum for emailing members that the museum will be closed the day AFTER I show up there with Reed to find it closed.
Beautiful morning. Lots to do today.
Wow has given 19 million in scholarships to over 1,000 kids though Coca-Cola Scholars foundation.
I've been waiting all week for some damn Starbucks
#YES all JenoLo Tees are printed on fresh tees. Gotta spend $ to make $..starting out the #DOPE way!
why what)
Yes I am! Driving up with We should definitely hang out!
and like the fields that are decent here you have to pay/rent them out and I don't have any extra bread like that
sorry it took so long to respond, i stay busy lately
Best guide I've read for preparing/nurturing teachers: Curriculum 21 Essential Education for a Changing World edited by Heidi Hayes Jacobs
Why we preserve what we preserve from
Omg made us laugh we love it!
I'm getting the symbol of the Trinity from the bible on my left shoulder blade :)
I swear, if anyone posts anything about #TheAvengers I'm gonna be so angry.
Sorry to hear about your loss homie. My prayers are with you and your family.
hehe its okay, and i threw it away :p and omgogmg i got the perfect song
The prosecutor in the trial of Hosni Mubarak demands the death penalty for the ousted Egyptian leader on charges of complicity
I just want to go home, bathe, and sleep until Ajs last house party tonight!
I never said most of the things I said. ~ Yogi Berra
When a Man Tells You He Has No Vices...Check His Backyard For Bodies.
I just bought Carrie Underwood's new cd and i'm already obsessed with it. I love "Cupid's got a shotgun" :-)
watching BET and they're playing tha Southside (feel good to hear H-town music
traveling the road less known is where i want to be
where are you now? I'm almost downtown.
It's either Jordan or Makenzie. Ask whoever has it to send it to you so I can see it :3
OH MY - I love that!
I can't believe I ever called her my sister. Lol. Untrustworthy heffa.
Gen. Washington has been informing officers that he would like fortifications put up from Cobble Hill to the mouth of the Cambridge River.
May have a gig as Mickey Mouse!
Boring Magic game, but we have Daniel Orton, Brandon Knight & Tayshaun Prince on the court at the same time.
it's the best way to say hello haha
With Miss Katie for a routine vet appt & then boating with friends. Bring on the holiday weekend!
hahahaha ew I know what ya mean <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
I don't think the #Orioles should promote Machado or Bundy. But Dan Duquette has nothing to lose.
If only deed were messengers to you and you accepted them in wooing's place; for noble deeds, as much as words, deserve your grace~Garsenda
RT : Send me a picture ;)
your work is phenomenal. I can really tell that you love what you do. You truly are my inspiration!
yup first one. A new ravens fan!
Hungry......about to make poor life choices in the potato chip aisle.
And just so you know, I don't put out in the first 15 minutes, or until the Viagra kicks in, which ever comes first.
since your in Anaheim, I got an extra ticket to the Ducks game tomorrow want to go?
hell up
I love nyc i cant see myself living anywhere else :)
Admiral Jolly's Lobster Hovel
Doesn't ??? RT : PS: Brandon Jennings..... NO ONE WANTS YOUR SHOES.
After 8 years of bringing readers “Signs of Life in Music, Film & Culture,” sources confirm that Paste magazine is calling it quits.
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook... how duplicitous it can be...
Aw yeah , aw yeah !
Bike commuting on a day like this is HARD CORE in PDX. $1.00 off all our hot beverages to anyone who comes by on their bike today.
Omg! You should have came to our school in Newcastle mark! That would have been mint! Did you have a good time here?
4 in 10 private sector workers do not get even one paid sick day.
Homecourt sipping baby we coasting. Keep talking bout last yr #nba we coming for
Netzero email settings for android // dragon quest 8 jessica gone
Hey buddy. You are #mahomie? or i'm bad? :)
They don't need it..they always have longer eye lashes then girls.
The Cincy Brass are cat lovers to the core...but we will not stand for your bashing of OTR!!! Do ur homework B4 u bash!
Im so happy! School will be out soon and I can go back in the studio and perform at different places.
I am seeing Wilco on Friday!! Can't wait!!
Monday... -.- ugh can it be Friday ?
Maybe the beginning of the month. We have a few problems that well.....will take a little while to explain.
Funny, mine too! “: my apt is freezing. the baseboard heaters are protesting SOPA”
I love , can't wait for him to meet me at the alter. And I dont give a damn who judges me.
at unlike is looking out for you
Gotta be impressed at how open #braun was about the process. Denies any wrongdoing. Lots of questions still remain but not dodging situation
I could be persuaded if you are in ;-)
Drop off an Easter Basket (any campus) 4 & put a smile on the face of a child in need! Deadline is March 31st!
Its awesome to watch my friend Anna spit game to females. Her success rate is like 99%. Lol swag!!!!!! #lunchw/Annaisawesome
Day 3 of crave the burn <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
sorry icarly quotes
Okay, let's figure this math equation...66-47= 19. Thus, you are much wiser than I. However, you may be challenged with wit.
Thanks for putting us in such prestigious company Ric!
I've got a request for something mushroom and I'm hoping for some Giants cupcakes. I'd LOVE some sangria, though. :)
that would been if someone did
Dont stop til u get enough.....
you are inspirational! Thanks!
I know I'm a little late to the party on this one but Conan the Destroyer isn't good. The princess character is really annoying.
RE:| A I'm a real nigga from the chi just doing my thang with this music shit down here in the A! Tryna connect with some real niggas to ...
Studying always helps....
Believe in yourself and there will come a day when others will have no choice but to believe with you.
RT After enjoying a tuna fish sandwich, my seven year old son kindly asked me to "Change my breath". Ha! Welcome to world of SM
Ahh I haven't played since the '09 version... But if you want to throw down in Smackdown vs Raw I will win!
On our way to LAX to pick up our latest family member. Can't wait to see her!!
I love that show!!!!
an i just be not in love with 5 homo's? no? alright whatevs i still love thwm anyways
We are suffering from a pervasive #trustdeficit. What is our recourse? Some tools: Who has additions?
Nerding out at the Brooklyn Superhero Supply store. I need a new cape!
Went and saw Eclipse.One more to go!Bought some RocknRoll jeans today,and ate at Kelly's!Fat Nacho's.
Tnx for the RTs mentions follows -
awesome race recap, Megan! Glad you ran a smart race!!!
I LOVE YOU :D
ok good! I was seeing the words "sangue" and "nariz" so I knew something was up! Haha :)
It's little people and pregnant lady day in the mall
Thank you for checking in with us at Kittichai - did you enjoy your evening?
#np "Walkaway" written by and myself :) ***Memories***
they'll be here next Sunday the 22nd. Been looking forward to it for months!
- I'm glad that you put yourself on Willow's men list. :)
do you have a source for this?
I wish we had Whataburger on the west coast :(
Boyfriend gave me his sweat shirt to cuddle with, (: #hessweet (:
Nancy Shields just introduced Gary Hoover as one of her greatest mentors & she's one of mine : )
We have now added home yard signs for Saints fans.... check them out on the site www.worldchampionfans.com
Calling my bestfriend in fifteen minutes !
don't do anything rash...can we watch the reserve game online? Maybe a saad ayigubusi watch party?
You know it, Im all jealling about it .. #YahKnow?
all is well that ends well
Wishing the absolute BEST in San Jose! An amazing guy and an even better friend! Love you always!
I will punch the hell out of you, say somethin else.
I use to take bubble baths....but now I take Epsom Salt baths! Man getting old BLOWS~~~~~~
Man what I would do to get my hands on a I so want this
Follow my personal profile
Getting a good zinger off in Politico always makes me happy the rest of the day. Nice shot at Warren!
At #gencon rarely have there been so many snide t-shirts, corsets, and zombies in one place
Thanks for the RT Jared! Appreciated.
that would be neat, but windy.
THE LEADERS AND THE BEST!
McNair changed my life as well. I would not be in grad school if it wasn't for the program. Love sitting on grad panels.
- need opinion. Would you rather fly falcons at a super sweet castle or do a harbor/scenic view tour?
Hit "LIKE" if you really could have used a longer weekend
I think the #Ravens should trade up to 3 and take Kalil!!
Hey, thanks!
I've never succumbed to new movie hype, but my willpower is being tested with the
Tomorrow is going to be an amazing day because the #BestTwinsOnEarth were born. Happy Birthday and !
$25 to check a bag under 50 lbs and $115 if it's over. And people wonder why the airlines are broke. Boarding plane to Vegas as we speak.
you deserve every single one(:
u retweeted your MOM!!???
Good name!
and thank you!
check out Jacksons on Saturday if you can! Good times.
#allstarsaturdaynight Sweet intro! Jay-Z & Kanye West....It's time for the Shooting Stars Challenge!!!
Miserable at best -Mayday Parade
they should b trying 4 Paul voters. They need them to win against Obama
it feels good, just coolin outside .
RT : A handful of Nigerian scam artists are wrecking it for all the honest Nigerians who want to wire money to us.
Me: I WON THE LOTTERY! Girl: OMG! Me: Pack your shit! Girl: what should i pack? Me: everything bitch you gotta go..” LMAO
there maybe a couple of sale events following up since so many stores shut down.
We have two options, medically & emotionally: give up, or Fight Like Hell.~Lance Armstrong
KATIE OMG TONY GOT HIT BY A SEMI TRUCK!!!! WHAT!!!!!!!
It needs her bad.
Got a B in basically every subject. ew
American Saying If God only gave me a clear sign; like making a large deposit in my name at a Swiss bank
Everything about this day is great.
it is just music and expression ,, let it be, u can voice some dislike but boycott over a 5 min song that will be forgotten
these facebook people are getting on my last nerve. forreal, just go home.
now im just spamming
I miss their falafel sandwiches. I lived off those in college.
glad you enjoyed premiere week! how'd you like the sandwich? can you take the heat?!
i think he means the dates are next week and tickets are on sale in june well that's what i heard.
im Ke'Juan i Jus Thought You was Cute
Serious credit to the nuggets. Didn't think they could take the Lakeshow this far.
Happy 200th Charles Dickens! I mean, you're a great author and all, but geez, 200! What's your secret?
maybe you're just SUPER popular!
One hopes that the House will vote to end the current pay freeze for federal employees. It is unfair and inappropriate.
of course! It's only been like 7 years
Congratulations on the appointment of Sue Baacke as #CFO, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8
Omg, chachi met justin bieber ! :D congrats! <3 asdfghjkl
That just happened.
listening to on out here in Indianapolis
I just figured you were drunk and forgave it :)
It is a beautiful day out today!! 70 degrees in Dallas
In order to see change, you must live that change you want to see.
Think I want a tattoo on my ribs
A person who has committed a mistake & doesn't correct it, is committing another mistake ~ Confucius
thank you but I think James Maslow probably thinks I'm a horrible person too and I don't blame him if he does
Chilling out in Leavenworth on conference for Pain Management, it is beautiful here!!!
Ue welcome! Can't wait to see you guys at Warped Tour in So-Cal! (: RT : thanks
how are things going...haven't heard from you two of you in a while :)
Romania gov&#39;t: moratorium on shale gas exploration
Always remember to check the oven before you preheat it something. -.-
This weekend can't come any faster!
yay! i will facebook & tweet it out the hiz-ay when you come here!
you will love him so much. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
3 kinds of beef jerky. my kind of Sunday.
it all blows, lol.
there...we've come full circle now
Actually, when they have the same creative director, that's what happens. Big fail.
on the real! Will you be in C-Stat or Dallas? A reunion sure is needed! #oldhcomodelproblems haha
the little I watched was a hot arse mess... Evelyn is a bully, she needs to brought down to earth.
Beautiful day for golf here at San Diego Country Club!
I spent 1 hour and 30 minutes Bowling. 328 calories burned.
best bet is probably Inteligencia in Venice or Urth Cafe in Santa Monica.
what didn't.
Louisvilles dancing like Bernie on the bball court
I'm scared. Why did my dad just scream wait nvmd I know now
Jeez, you write ONE flu poem and *boom* you're a weirdo. It undid all the good accomplished by my semicolon poem.
love you Momma EG
First Green Ribbon Schools Honored for Environmental Excellence
What's on the menu
Woah I almost forgot! Happy Birthday!
It's a great night to live in Dallas!
yeah but that waiting period Is a bitch lol
Follow ... He'll give you a #FollowBack!! I follow back too!:)
hahahaha im confused
US citizens are being driven from their own property by drug gangs from Mexico.
what gym u go 2?
ohh my butt was knocked out
i'll have to check it out - haven't watched before (though I can't stand dhousewives)
great! Got a couple of people here who want to contribute so let me know.
We're developing some new products that we're really excited about. Can't wait to unveil them!
tweet me if u want a follow back!!
I won't subject people to it
Great Melissa #Etheridge #concert yesterday evening!
July 7th I get to see you! :) Are you guys having a meet & greet?
#FF great peeps> connect for effect
“: Exit twitter, close laptop, get into bed, unlock phone, check twitter ...” story of my life.
Something Gotta Givee .
gonna check to see if my foods warm yet..
*Slowly Falling Asleep while my Stomache Growls like a Damn Beast*
yeah, okay!
what an ass!
we are gonna need more salsa.
mad at chu
Robots are bleeple too. (thanks Z)
#NationalHonestyDay I fucked up with you big time . I have so many regrets it's unreal . . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Just now getting my costume together for tonight's midnight show of the new Whit Stillman movie. Should I go penny loafers or oxfords?
oh and the deadline is feb 10th..(:
can't #YOLO because he's already beat the record.
If I buy all my books as eBooks, as I seem to be doing recently, what happens to my fantasy of a home filled with books?
let's talk numbers! Via text.... I miss you - think we need a date soon!
I 'm grateful that God blesses me in spite of myself
Life is always in beta
Finally got the money to buy a car ... Friday Imma rollin!!
Brooke Shields was considered for the role of Allison in The Breakfast Club.
I'm not a "Hey?" "Hey whatsup" "nm, you" type of person..
I follow you. Would you follow me? Thanks. Dr. Spanish
And thanks to who told me about the recall and basically did all the work for me to get my free iPod Nano!!
So stuffed, can't wait for desert
thank you!!:D
Your colors shall henceforth be pink and teal, and you logo shall be a suitably ladylike flower.
what's up?
I love so so so much!! Nick please come back to DC ASAP!!! We miss u Mr. President ;) It's my dream 2 meet u
"It's hard to trust someone, especially when the ones you trusted the most were the ones that betrayed you."
Bad idea to were flats on a p.e. Day #nosocks :(
Hopefully the series will be a microcosm of the season, and we will wake up just in time to survive.
Thanks for the Sponsorship this year! We look forward to seeing you at our events!
#EverydayIThinkAbout and there's not a day that I don't..<33
Yikes! Everyday is new possibilites. When we cloud of vision we can not see the sunshine.
I love sleeping, so I'm gonna mimiz early {:
I have a date! (They sell them by the box at the local farmer's market.)
Leave it open, it keeps people paying attention -- to something, at least.
Yay! Victoria's secret semi annual sale!!!!! Waawwhhoooooo
u playing this year? Need to get n work out myself!
"Want a stamp? I like you, Meg. I like you! Like, like, like, like, like. La, la, la, la, la!"
awesome! Can't wait to serve you :)
S/O to Hilarious and Awesome Talent. Much success to you. #Blessings!!!!
Oh okay, now that you say that, i heard that, just forgot!
Finally it's December 1st! The beard has disappeared!!
Ok time for bed, back to the real world, work tomorrow. oh the joys of being an adult... ugh! And I wanted to grow up why?
i gotta comment on this..... but im thinkin 2 many nasty thoughts right now soo.... 2 words: SEX-Y!!!!!!!!!
Congratulations!!! hopefully we'll be co-workers!
Sweetie. I'm trying to be.nice to you, and you still hate me and talk about 24/7 for no reason? You're very mature. (;
wacha making with those?
Feeling God's grace and love moving. What great things happened for you today?
stuff my last tweet, cop&paste it to ur email etc. and answer the Qs.
Be realistic- if you lose more then a pound and a half a week (without personal training) you are losing at muscle and water loss- not fat.
More weed role it up more drink poe it up
I'm just tryna make some money lmao
loved it!
Bubba from the pine needles
Kinda funny. Me and Bri were last to play, and I am pretty sure we're the only ones who had to get up early for school tomorrow. lol :)
look up Dempsey's life story and you will become more a fan, he had a hard life
And I'm supposed to start blogging for the , too.
So, we all will have this pin board? Wow, we can even use pinterest for our evil intent. Score.
Most beautiful city on earth... what is it? Leave us a comment below!
#Yoga time!
#VMwarePEX Hands-on-labs... WTF is up with this music?!
You bet! See u @ 8, TY! RT : ... Will you be joining us tonight for the #askcheryl chat during The Biggest Loser?
I'm hoping it's a plant. I have many iris, but I don't have that one.
Yess!! Thank you for your baby wisdom. I'm a huge fan!
why yes I do spontaneously break out into ninja moves!
RT : I know of only one duty, and that is to love. ~Albert Camus
One giant perk being at home with moms and aunts = one giant belly full of indian food that I can't even think straight anymore...
Teaching a google docs class at the library tonight...first class I've taught in over a year! Hope I'm not too rusty.
I need to come watch a game sometime!
commercials for engineering cars during desperate housewives - interesting
Give me a chance, and I'll make it worth while.
what?..Luds B/day..Happy Effing Birthday!!!!!
I cant even stay in my house with them for 2 days without getting annoyed. Thank god for schoolz
#IFTHEYSHUTDOWNTWITTER IMMA BE HELLA PISSED. TWITTER IS AMAZING AND I NEED IT. WTF IS WRONG WITH AMERICA?! MY GOD.
. thanks for the #FF & we hope you check out SG, we're doing a lot of cool things in CA & around the nation!
YEAH!!! I almost fainted seeing him dance!!!! So HOOT!!!:D
Just did a big record with the homie called "See you again." Shooting the video in a few weeks. Lets get it......
Bill Polian is full of shit. Bad analysis of Russell Wilson
Glad you liked all of those. :)
Stay tuned for the first part of our . interview, premiering Sunday!
Getting ready to watch Vanilla Ice perform at the Timberwolves game. Would you to a Vanilla ICE concert?
Hit "LIKE" if you'd rather go out to dinner then cook tonight
thanks for the follow. I'm just starting Fistitude looking forward to getting better.
I have some I even forgot about that I just found. You should see the collection of the employees.
aren't you an iPad hipster?
Work, then packing for my trip :D
hey doll!
Thank you for my cuteness fill for the day! :)
RT : Manning to Denver, eh? [TURNS OFF ESPN FOREVER]
minor update coming to the events page......your games will be back shortly.
Still soaking in the sounds of last nights tUne-YaRdS show.
Director Dean Amhaus chairing morning session on the Water-Energy Nexus at Green Energy Summit this morning in
I'm feeling so fresh with my new haircut bitchez
Yep, not a dream. I really did chase loud birds from a tree in my yard in the middle of the night.
Yes it is! Glad you agree! RT USF Nursing program is one the best in the state!
I can't wait!
Happiness will never come to those who fail to appreciate what they already have. Unknown
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "BAMBOO" to the bartender and your first drink is free.
Morgan, what about Democrats?
pleasure meeting you at the smoke out!
I hope you see this! Your one amazing guy and your such a cutie! It's my birthday and I would love it if you retweeted me!
okay, okay!! Hahaha :P but I still mean it!! xD thank you though!
Easter shopping is so hard for picky little kids!
What games do you play? RT : Hello Twitter. Im very close to popping in the video games and getting a bowl of ice cream
shanahan will take his talent to south beach
In case you couldn't tell from my near-constant coughing I'm sick AND I hope you come up to me so we can talk about it
oh yes<3
Love Court coming up at 8:05: Is their daughter's friend taking advantage of the family?
There are 11 cupcakes sitting in my fridge right now thanks to that class, soon to be 10!! Or maybe 9..... yum
Spindles didn't meet the code?
I guess the Heat decided to give Lebron's hairline a run for it's money in the "most embarrassing thing on the court" category tonight
correction: Dollhouse on Fox, Chuck on NBC. Either way, we still get to watch new episodes of both!
Rice vs. Southern tonight, 7 PM, Tudor Fieldhouse. Beer available at home games now students!
Confusing tweeters.
Jeff Wall?
"go join a sorority, go step your game up." - Phonte of Little Brother
Also, if you come to Wisconsin, I imagine you'd do better in Madison than MKE. But that's just my unqualified opinion.
Three bottles of champagne happens
Such diverse backgrounds! Tell Jason "Apa kabar?" from another fellow Indonesian.
And to everyone else, please excuse my recent half-hour binge.
can't wait to get my #SOMEDAY tomorrow but maybe today will be the day you notice us?
Brownies...yum.
Thank you Arielle and you already know I love you and your mom! Lol she's bomb !
@ Maryland Farms Starbucks. Hot enough that we had to come inside. A guy asked me if I was in the music industry.
Ah, spring. Windows open. Birds singing. Someone across the street having a full-on conniption-fit freakout....
KEEP "BUBBA SQUIRREL" WESLEY, N U'R PRAYERS..HE'S GOING THRU SAME THING AS N 2009..F/S..
It's after midnight here, but I can sure use some ice cream over a hot fudge brownie right now, hm it's early somewhere.
Truer words have never been spoken. Great motivational message to start my day.
Cobra starship, lmfao, and one direction are the shit, Not to be gay but justin beiber is good to. Guys say he's not cause they jellyfish xD
Sleep time
It's not who makes your car, but who's in it.
I think it was just a conference page, rather than a society page, was it not?
rock on. ::karate chops:: < see I'd be a no belt.
It's not hard to make decisions when you know what your values are. - Roy Disney
My profile pic says : "You are my favorite girl" - and, yeapp, i know it {<U+2665>}
Beer's not the only thing to get excited about @ WBC! Check out the BBQ Pork sliders from while you're there!
Getting energized abt Kids Count@
Jian Han Immune repertoire sequencing; Striking lack of diversity in TCRB in patients - clonal outgrowth - can identify cell type -
Slide two fingers in and do a "come here" motion while using your mouth on my clit. I'll usually respond by cumming quickly
Check out our special starting today on living social @ home section! $50 gets you $200 off a new mattress set of any size!
I love listening to christmas song from ....soo catchy =) RT
RT : One of these days we will come to understand the value in relationship difference!
EIther a club or a lil lounge...Not sure yet...Or maybe even the strip joint:-)
Q. What do you find in a clean nose? A. Fingerprints!
Strong winds of 30-50 mph on Weds will cause severe drifting of snow across all of WI thru Weds night
#WeWontWorkoutIf I don't get attention
RT : Here is a simple but powerful rule … always give people more than they expect to get. - Nelson Boswell
Don't give up on me.
's "Wait Wait...Don't Tell Me!" is pretty great for long road trips.
your tweets are making my night.
Getting on the plane #soexciteddd!!!
No doubt.. You make it look easy tho..... Hope everything's good.
Be A Human Being. Greendale Human Beings.
Glad to hear you're okay. I can't imagine how scary that would be. Here's hoping your luck evens out somehow.
": i feel for the family and i respect his death but i agree ..." I agree 1000%
lol I feel like only dumbasses would ask that question.
I just said he's a fucking fool. He can't handle the sauce and he acts like a jagbag. Hate.
Now we're rocking on the dancefloor, acting naughty
., I'm ready for my date with you tomorrow at The Echo. Smooches, Kat
RT : Lmao watching Sportscenter and showing the highlights of the #Rockies #dbacks game and a Arizona fan caught a homer....
Is gearing up for a busy weekend!
The club is closer than you might think! Do you hear it calling you from Canandaigua? ;-)
so amazing. Can't wait to read your next post.
We're finding that with Emporia, too. Cats are more destructive and children are louder, but every damn place allows them no problem
definitely. With acting there are words or a concept outside/beyond self and some sort of joy. Faking is def personal w/o joy.
How to kick a winning Field Goal, by Billy Cundiff
I've had 1D on replay for the passed 2 hours(: I have no regrets(;
Conference basketball tournaments are cash cow for Las Vegas. The story at 10 & 11.
Great! Look forward to being in touch.
Going well, thanks for asking! I partner with a health and wellness company that's grown each of its 10 years, Isagenix. :)
Tweet Le Peep: It's always a #greatday when you dine at Le Peep. Try the Great Mountain Burger for Saturday lunch. Yumm!
The Nectar of Life
call me ive been tryin to call u bk
If he doesn't knock him out we ALL know who the judges are picking lol
I think I'm going to go buy myself a iPod shuffle today and get my podcast on during my runs. Now, what color should I pick...?
oh also everyone im so sorry if we dont reply to your direct messages! it's just that we have so many we're replying to as many as we can,
what is impetus for additional restrictions on gov data that doesn't apply to other? these from "open gov" rather than open data?
Probably $5K or thereabouts
lol im right here just dont be on here anymore. text me i need ur # again. i tried guessing but ut was the wrong number lol
where's all the linemen pics....how do I run without protection....or catch balls,,wow I'm a ex running back,slot
Gianna its my birthday:]
You got it, keep up the good tweets!
gym-> brunch -> cocktails -> thrifting -> beers -> BBQ -> bed
if you'd like some help helping him, let us know! We're here to help.
Greetings. We are so glad you have connected with us. Looking forward to more! ~Linda :o)
i wonder what the % is for just shoving them up their bums? ;) lol ;)
Menino testing kids' reading comprehension between books.
"An idea that is not dangerous is unworthy of being called an idea at all." - Oscar Wilde.
not saying you have to lol wouldn't you like if I brought you a sandwich
am I going to get any vulture carries out of Tolbert this week?
You're so caustic lately :D
thanks for the RT!
What i would do to get in you guys cirlce. Peace and blessing to your success in the game.
Made a quick trip to Globe to grab some type/cuts for MICA's Open House tomorrow. came along to shoot some pics of the shop.
I'll take that bet. If not, it's a miss after that performance
Oh my god. Why am i so sore?
Needs somebody to go eat with me
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite musicians, :)
If you want to submit music and videos please contact
I love how all of the top tweeters for #gositinacorner are parody accounts. Now that's a #gositinacorner RT
I think it was the "so bad it's good" factor that helped me Kindle survive. Also, I read Ana's narrative voice as ironic...
and middle aged people want more power over sex!
Agreed! RT : Polish less, publish more. Expose you ideas to the world & see if they fail or flourish. Quit chasing perfect.
My jaw is still on the floor. RT Jesse?! Wth is Christina smoking?
Does anyone else get the "Have you seen what this person is saying about you" spam message from random people? It's so annoying.
Mixtape and iPhone app to launch April 4th
... Not a great name history on Chagrin Falls but #tragicallyhip describe in song: where even the unknown don't go...
Never been so glad to go home, today sucked.
Congratulations to UTSA alumni Bruce Bowen on his Spurs Jersey Retirement! Go Runners! GO SPURS GO!
It's like catching lightning the chances of finding someone like you. It's one in a million the chances of feeling the way we do.
is a fun and quick fashion show!!!
Just adjourned the Chamber's Legislative and Small Business Committee. Thank you for having a great discussion with us!
Robert Lloyd, LA Times " ...it’s nothing you’d want your president to say, or even to think. ...best to leave comedy to the professionals."
Watching people get murdered while studying for vocab..normal right??
a 360 spend. Is coming soon 4 me.
just made my twitta bitch merry christmas btw :D
Ron Paul is (sort of) dropping out. Holding back the tears. :(
Nice to meet you, Julie! That was bananas... we ended up at a mexican restaurant instead =)
Happy Boxing Day!
Twitter web designers should seek for pixel-level perfection. Pixel shakes when switching between tweets in my IE8, a browser not that bad..
Can I be the 400th person you followed? Please(;
Off to forage for cheap eats at Pancho Villa supermarket. ¡Vamanos!
merpp, nap time. Being on tumblr makes me exhausted, ha
going on a following spree.. follow me , i follow you? <3
Tressel did that too. I remember linemen previously saying Orlando pace called them to talk Ohio State and how great it was
We just getting started!
Happy 100th Birthday ! The 1st Oreo biscuit was sold in Hoboken, NJ in 1912. Celebrate w their limited edition birthday cake flavor!
Hey, the next time you talk about me behind me back make sure it's not to my friends because they will tell me. fucking bitch.
=P whats up
Free Julian Assange! What he's doing wiht WikiLeaks is a great public service. He needs support, not jailing.
It's Friday! Let's celebrate! Coffee clink
that's good to know
Does this mean the game will be blacked out on center ice now? Because your channel is too expensive by itself on every provider.
we just took notes and then watched a movie!
Good morning!
If it goes to education, I'm a virgin
you are sweet! no word on that move lol--enjoying chances to fill in, though!
This annoying lady is on my side on the plane her arms and legs won't stop moving
I was dyslexic and though you said breathable underwear..... lol
Are the brewers still playing? I never remember them playing in october before...
with and having a blast!:)
Lol! Jason, you are so silly. Thanks for the love : )
Yep! Give me details on my personal acct.(:
R.i.P 58DUSTO
I can deal with rhat
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 28
I need a paleo refresher...I found myself breaded chicken and dark chocolate raisins :(
Try Tonight's Drink Special : "The F'N Eh!!" Woodchuck draft cider w/ Stoli Raz & Peach Schnapps. That's what I'm talking aboot!!
Enter me in the sexyhair giveaway!!
What happened?!?
Going to listen to what Dr. Tom Cech has to say about "Drinking from a Fire Hose: The New Challenges of Biomedical Data"
Today is internationally known as Fuck It Friday <-------pardon my french, but this is america
we're looking into it.
Need ya email bro! Got some classics for Ahsan
Ugh -.- I hate being single on Valentine's day & my friends have boyfriends & girlfriends
hi revo lovers
You will take 1-3 minutes to recover after a set before moving on to the next set
miss shannon always brightens peoples spirits!!!! ;)
AESAOne welcomes All Ethiopians to our Annual Soccer Tournament in WASHINGTON,DC--> July 1st -July 7th,2012! Followback!
Happy new year!
These middle relievers are horrid. Could really use a LaTroy Hawkins or Takashi Saito.
Due to technical difficulties, I can't upload this song. :(
gonna eat my strawberry lipgloss then;) :P
thanks you for the tour support! Go check out ale8one..its life changing
sflogicninja is a beast
Need a reason to celebrate? Tonight only, mentioned this message and get TLV's Perfect Punch for 4 (served in a punch bowl) for ½ price.
"GayLand" (West Hollywood) LOVES ME! I LEARNED A NEW TRICK! YAY!
Poised Creation has met many great folks in Buffalo! We would like to thank you for your support!
What'd I miss?
never mind
at like the person sat there and recorded the whole shit !
Nick Jonas stole my pants...
Go for it - I think it would be awesome :-)
Say what you mean, mean what you say, without saying it mean.
I like the braces hehe your adorable <3
Two private events today ! Will see everybody on route this evening .
Chicken/egg loop engaged.
“I was taught that I had to 'master' subjects. But who can 'master' beauty, or peace, or joy?” Kathleen Norris
LIKE on Facebook 2 enter/register 2 WIN 2 3oz RAW Heat & Ice Roll-Ons & a Backnobber II deep muscle self care massage tool
i have the worst sun burn from the beach today i guess that's one neg thing about driving with the top down -__- forgot sunscreen FML
This is awful! Get it together C'S
Damn!! yall got 17 tapes? how many people are involved?
Thinking of something like redis or couchdb
#5ThingsICantStand the first and last slice of bread in the loaf, its ugly.
Putting together a plan to build a new website for A & A Safe, Lock & Door. They need a platform that properly structures page URL's.
The is a fucking joke and their referees are horrible.
If I had to choose between loving you and breathing, I would use my last breath to say I love you(:
yes yes yes yes... We'll see u back in Detroit.
also the main character from GTA3 doesn't say a word
YES U KNOW I HAD FLU SHOT LAST THURSDAY I GOT SICK BY SATURDAY HAPPENS EVERY YEAR
I just realized that today is 11/1/11.
Now I have to listen to dad's mouth the whole way to school...
Why won't Newt Gringrich go away?! He's the guy @ the party who stays too late, keeps going into your fridge for more beer.
Looks more like "Simon Says"
Just realized something very disturbing listening to my "get hype" mix b4 Zumba class, I own not 1, but all of the Black Eyed Peas albums.
Great opportunity with a great company. Searching for a Software Test Engineer ll CRM. Job Description: The primary focus of the...
We are about to hit at Northside Tavern...place is filling up. Get over here!
nah, seem well-balanced.
Forgot to stop for gas last night and there are no gas stations within 5 miles of Windermere. On 0 miles to empty and stuck in traffic!
hahah oh yeah..:) lol...AND april!
Keep a mental file of recent accomplishments, new clients, big projects. Networking tip from ,
I can see . Im so in love with ur pic<3 i know ill have a blast its above&beyond <3
I will get so frustrated that I can't figure something out, and then remember that I work in a library. A library full of how-to books.
Tiger Woods is not a role model for young athletes. He should pay lots of his winnings to his kids and wife...and he can't apologize enough.
#marathon training continues. 8 miles run today at 7:15 pace. Yoohoo ! Indoor because it's still a mess outside. I hate indoor.
congrats bro
Picking up my new 2012 car tomorrow Can't wait!!!!!
Thanks for the wonderful mention today!
when is everyone goin to memaws?
Decked out in hat & shirt, ear warmers and Snuggie. I'm ready for Wrigley!
Moving sucks but being forced to sort through my stuff is great! It's like spring cleaning! Love getting rid of shit I don't use/need..
Happy Birthday!
I've always liked Spacey, but he didn't deserve the Oscar for "American Beauty" over Denzel's "Hurricane". No way.
Thank ya for the RT love! :)
i hate to turn up out of the blue uninvited
Even though ion know I just liked your name and it put it in my bio
Hi Tamron! Great coverage. Just wanted you to know that in Maryland it's Ocean City and not Ocean Beach. Hang in there!
THURSDAY~ $2 All Bottles, $3 Call Drinks, $3 Shots and $5 Bombs! Showing all NCAA games all day long!
Sorry for the late reply (was up north w/ no reception), but thank you again for featuring me! I hope I helped in some way.
“: Please give Logan a DC DD super-high five w/sprinkles on top for us!” super sweet!
Four more pages!
Met at the signing, Cool Dude, million dollar smile:-) , Luv it!!! Playoffs Babe!!!!
HAHA! Good point.
Ive done so much in my lifetime, but I haven't done shit!
Hey all! Craft night for #bannedbookweek projects tonight..We're making book safe's! I want one in the shape of a
My 2.5 Y/O now expects candy every time he goes in potty! Wife opened up a "can of worms." Going so often you'd think he's on a cleansing
what you on today
I'm so annoyed.
I've been crazy for a nap all day. There are somedays where I wish college was postponed for a day.
I sure do! #Smash needs me I just wrote the ending to Bombshell and it's good! Lol
There are far more "failed" groups than sustainable/successful ones. Why? and What might we do to change it? Brian Butler #hcil brownbag
u talk to anthony about touring & shit... he sent me the convo he had with dude what u think about it?
Great beach day!
like what
From a radio perspective, I love reviewing Sigur Ros cuz it's almost always awesome & it's all FCC friendly (hypothetically)
In honor of Columbus Day, Island Real Estate wants to know…when did YOU “discover” Anna Maria Island?
Glad you enjoyed it! The webinar should be posted within 24 hours.
sometimes we call them the "dream smashers" RT : as;dkfja;df< how i feel when a program i've been working on gets killed by legal
OMG!!! i love u love ur music listening to Disturbia and Man Down
Hate it when im sick on one of the best weekends.
Agreed. I was putting my relationships to use just today.
RT : Hey how did your new G15 Driver perform today on the couse? A: long. ur welcome
Why do I look forward to Mondays? This is my weekend: Work. Homework. Babysitting. Homework. Bed? Work again. Homework again. Fun?
I understand. I just thought I'd check.
Did you know am a x power ranger the kicked me out cuz I got to much power
They will still take the east
Yes lmaoo RT : Ppl trip on R. Kelly but forget Wanya from Boyz II Men was banging out Brandi when she was young
Right back at ya.
Lol everyday RT : When's National Workout Day?
Looking forward to hearing our friends Steve Hawk and Nuns on Fire tonight. It's going to be a great show tonight!
Alyssa Milano is running tonight... I'm pretty sure thet plan on letting Tony Danza take over tomorrow, then Judith Light on Saturday
OF COURSE I GET MY IPHONE AND IT CAN'T BE ACTIVATED.
hello ;p
check it out
missed you xo
RT : Get free drinks and food at Madison restaurants with code words from www.phreeps.com
ur a lame...scary ass
If I'm ever a professor, I will be that jerk that demands that you follow MLA formatting for every assignment, and I will not regret it.
Never seen Planet of the Apes until just now.. that's a good ass movie!!!
“: Off to a London Alopecia Support Group meeting. It's my first one so I'm a bit nervous.” Enjoy it gorgeous!
Tonights menu - turkey lasagna and green beans. You already know lol
if a movie is only good in 3D, it's not a good movie. Last I checked, probably only 5% of us have 3D TVs at home.
Welcome to
#restinpeace Chris Z
Excited for my final to be over today so I can perfect and submit my mentorship app! Yay for role models and
. The issue seems to be about how much you want to model "at a single glance"
Okay I'm done trying to get on Diablo 37. Not even angry though, FFXI trained me to expect this.
but if none of them shaking your doing nothing at all
I once worked with a guy who “versioned” his classes like that. I threw up in my mouth a bit.
2 days until I move, 4 workdays until my vacation/visit from my mom, 8 days until the NSS golf tourney/Son's open house
Man, *someone* got clobbered by the Whiskey Ship last night.
+ need help Y is cust service so bad no matter how logical I'm trying to be?
Thanks for the mention!
My Brain = 4% Names + 1% Phone numbers + 5% School knowledge + 90% Music.
nice meeting you! Thanks for taking the time to talk with me.
Hey Selenators! :) Go follow my friend for a follow back from me :)
Because is a lazy punk. Don't worry. She'll be there. I see B-real is already there.
Ability will never catch up with the demand for it. -Malcolm Forbes
Haje, congrats in your book launch!
US Dept of State’s #Muskie Grad Fellowship Program is currently seeking host universities for grad programs – apply today!
I just watched you kick over that sailboat picture. Fucking classic.
Sorry to hear about your bad sleep issue last night. Hope all is going well with #DogEatDog shooting! ^_^ can't WAIT to see it
I dont need no money too make me happy.
i cant wait to get off work, so fuckin bored! and if one more customer get smart imma go off!
The poster is amazing, as usual.
OMFG MY HUSBAND IS SEXY AS FUCK
hope you enjoy it :)
84 degree in Newburgh and 83 in Evansville . Dew points in the mid to upper 60's. Not hot outside, just tad a bit humid.
You are welcome Mike!
RT : Sustainability strategy is actually code for better systems thinking and management = Better business
Mary McCarthy~ We all live in suspense from day to day In other words you are the hero of your own story.
I just saw thiss!!! I Love You too .... even though this morning was a lil rough teehee
We actually have 30 days.
Steven jackson running back is here. Enjoying the toptional SOLD OUT weekend. Let's get it!
Congrats, Pete! That's FANTASTIC :-)
we all need somebody to lean on :)
#littleknownfact: the Gas Hike Trio actually tours the midwest singing and dancing when not busy purposefully raising gas prices
yeah man... Donald brown... Who knew.
This page has been hacked I need all my followers to follow my new page now!!
I bet she gives a killer hand job. RT I'm totally asking Penelope Cruz to the prom.
Few are those who see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts. - Albert Einstein
yeah..I know<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Shopping at the mall is getting pretty difficult! Lines are longer and longer!
gotta love the "McGurgles"!
HOLY CANOODLE, I'm in awe.
just heard on the radio that a guy sold his kidney for a iPad 3 and an iPhone #reallyy?
Question to the dancers: when did you start dancing?
MINDS: Profs have trouble performing remediation on struggling students.
thanks for coming! merry christmas!
I would not trade these past two nights for anything with and Barrett.
better than Final Destination 2 and Next Friday combined.
lol true but my mom is a little bit more patient I guess.We used to do this & she would ignore us forever before she yelled lol
Day 4 #RareFlow video shoot...final day!
7 days until our hospitality suite will open for our 50th appearance at the Final Five. Go Jollymen !!
bahahah that;s hilarious
goodbye then.
Im being so nice today
that was flawless! Your choreography is always so good and different from anything I've ever seen. Love watching you guys!
30 years ago the #NBA finals were over by May 11. Today we're still in the First Round!!
"Month of Miracles" starts soon! Stop by Publix, Costco, Wal-Mart & Sam's Club in May to purchase a miracle balloon to support
just finished it, wow it was so amazingly good. BKV is such an outstanding writer.
lmao well thanks Nat. I learn from the best
thanks for the RT! More maps to come next week.
:"In many ways Los Angeles thrives precisely because it is decentralized, offering the exhilaration of crossing borders"in
Didja go for "Premium," so you can stream to mobile?
Open: We Need to Talk About Kevin, In Darkness, Miss Representation, Cont: The Artist, Jeff Who Lives at Home, A Separation,Being Flynn
resources for military families give kids, parents tools to help develop a shared understanding of challenges says Dr Cozza
I'm a big advocate for handwriting analysis in business. Has anyone used this method?
Farmers Market 10-3. I-15 Rancho. Farmers, Honey, Bread, Hummus, Pastry, Oils, Vietnamese BBQ, , Crafts, Music.
do you not like doing music anymore?? I love Who I Am and all your songs! Will you ever comeback? :( Now was 9years ago :(
let me know who goes home!
that's awesome! TY, also. Go #Cards!
Bullying Needs To Stop!!
beer?!? tequila Tuesday no?
done over here around midnight then not sure. Maybe going out for a drink or two. You?
"60 bar instrumental break" is shorthand for "this should never have even been considered as a karaoke song."
Holy shit. Go to Deadspin and read everything about . It is nutty.
Pulling together a coaching event and #hh for women in #dc. Hoping to find a cool place to host. Anyone have ideas?
how much more longer I can't wait much more?!?!?!
for sure! i haven't posted to many lately, this should get me back into picture taking mode
lol very true miss. Im also obsessed with buffalo chicken wraps, buffalo chicken wings, ruffles buffalo potato chips, etc.
MALIK HEY okay so your sis follows me, you should too!
Enjoy your Saturday to the fullest!
Just made sweet potato porridge, with spicy tofu and three different types of kimchi!
at last game of season and hoping Wild can manage a 3rd period comeback after going down 4-1
Gets very hot and kinky ;)
are you kidding?? NO!!!!!
#20ThingsAboutMe I love driving :)
Dessert at lunch
and he developed a 3!
How did people make it through boring meetings before smart phones?
But only the elite can masturbate to it!
Last night class with killian was awesome.
Can't wait for to get home!:)
It's so the aliens can find your house.
hahaha... this has been fun to watch. :)
I'm done with #westminster. They always screw the Weimaraner.
I plan on getting my work done earlier and going to bed earlier. Much healthier that way for me
what color is your suit? I pray we don't match.
Its funny how i miss her. !!!!! Gn fb
"Florida is gassed" I thought they were trying to wear us out? haha
. China is going to buy the tarsands oil if we don't, and they will burn it much less cleanly than we would.
*SAY IT WITH YA CHEST! LIL ASS NIGGA!
good the grind has been missing you! <--- i stole that from someone ;)
Think about it...if Nature has built perpetual motion machines e.g...the solar system, Why is it not possible? Yes it is possible.
ATTN Fashion Designers / Retail Store owners! We r looking 4 clothing for a fashion event in July! Please MSG us ASAP w/ your deets!
« Follow a #Libra. You will end up somewhere interesting.»
Just heard one of the neighbor kids say "you're not the boss of me!" to his sibling. I remember saying that ahah!
BOY MEETS GIRL! BOY MEETS WORLD! I feel like Edward Scissorhands so much power in my palms and I don't understand! :)
My life is a mess right now:( iloveyou!
game this weekend? Or next week possibly?
Please tell me how the fuck can a teenager look suspicious with a bag of skittles and a tea?
Howdy! I'm seeking a mid level SOUND DESIGNER for my world class studio on the East Coast. Ping me if interested -
Almost no need for expensive website these days #SmallBizWeek use blog instead.
Same! I'm dying to watch The Healer! :) It looks so good!
dude, heard you on the ! Funny stuff! Really hoping to get to the this weekend!
Never let the glitz and glamour of being a rapper full, takes a lot of hard work. I've put in 3 years of it.
After bar party u down
Never be afraid to trust an unknown future to a known God.
#ICanHonestlySay that is my all time favorite. #boyband ever!!!
what???? food is great! so do you like wait and just eat after you play? gotta have energy!!!
We own the night
Looking forward to cleaning, art making, and setting up my N64 after coffee with boy.
only rich people with no kids ! Just kidding go for it !
she want a shot caller <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
i thought lunch ?
I just bought $10 worth and made myself a cocktail.
Thanks for dinner y'all, I had fun.
My mind is preparing for a 3pm conference call. *Ahem!* () :P /cc
looking at vintage dresses online, did most women really have 24" waists back in the 50s?
As for the best leaders, the people do not notice their existence
Just because you apologized dont mean Im gonna let you back into my life.Some people you just need to forgive, forget about and leave alone.
that's exactly why they stay faithful...because they treat them like shit...sad but true...smh
SOMEONE HELP ME FRIENDS WITH A PHONE COME OVER HELP I NEED A PHONE NOT A DRILL
Working on new iPad. Need suggestions for best video, Gmail, & Google apps applications
Haters r tryin everythin to bring you down we r here ur true fans supportin u..GOOD MUSIC FOREVER..
Dried Fruit Compote with Ginger Syrup Recipe from Bon Appétit
oh hahah me too! :)
Definitely need some classic hip-hop to jumpstart today's creative brainstorming.
What inspires you?
Why am i never full after my lunch?
Done and DOne
GWADT - I actually liked books 2 and 3 just as much as book 1. I love when that happens, and the entire serious ends up to be AMAZING!
It's so annoying when the pictures of me from the show come out looking really crappy.
Nice! I've seen him twice! His shows are great!!!
and of course since we dont subscribe to any societal norms, a belated Happy Passover to those of you to whom it applies -love anthony
Native Americans used to name their childre. After the first thing they saw after leaving their teepees. True??
That sounds awesome! You should definitely do it! Even if I don't live in London ;)
Thanks for passing around our blog post. Bring on the verbs!
it's my birthday today can I please get a happy birthday?
If that is true, we r REALLY in trouble!
like the music
I consider eavesdropping on the boys sitting behind us research for my novel.
This Thursday night we will be having the big debut of our new video for "What's Really Happening".
just figured out what alot of my guys friends dont like about a girl... when a girl is WAAY too skinny. hmm who knew? lol
maybe the next video we do should be a zombie music video...
way to be loyal to your team... and by your team i mean avon! telling them good job first... pssh... hahah
How lame my phones about to die -_-
#breakingbad is the best acted show on television at the moment.
thanks! consider me a follower. ;)
Good morning Miami! Off to the grind! Make it your best day ever!
"Spending is out of control." No, what is out of control is capitalism. The GOP had no problem with spending before Obama.
naw I cu bra yo videos #better den mine
Excellent advice, too bad the people who draw paychecks from the public don't always follows it, especially in legislation.
all the best to you,Jen and family. Extra prayers sent:)
just tired of explaining beans and rice. Should Nov. prove prosperous, I'll give again at hemorrage levels.
RT : City Planning is the first dept to provoke the ENTIRE council to fiercely challenge the mayor's cuts.
: On Christmas Eve the family gets together for a big, long meal. Then we play games until midnight. At 12:01, we exchange ...
I need: sex, drugs & rock 'n roll. Not necessarily in that order... Bad, mood today. VERY bitter. :'(
I'm done with people.
Especially when McLouth strikes out RT These are the saddest of possible words, "Now batting for Casey McGehee...Nate McLouth."
A&E's Fugitive Chronicles is a wrap. Chase scenes, explosions, local crew hired - and it all went swimmingly!
Working sixteen hours should I drink
Tell someone who cares.
"We're perplexed," says Grier. Barnett Stadium will remain closed this weekend.
lol, I think she likes you. Should of backhanded her. ha
Nope, will be heading there soon though, after azuhar. Wazzup?
The Express bus has a diff funding source than the trolley, more buses & capacity. Typical clueless Giants fan!
yes please!
NyQuil is the Long Island Iced Tea of over-the-counter meds, with a competitive hangover. Never again!
mine too. It adds a little something extra to the tweet!
The coolest happy hour in town! Today Come, meet people alike and share
Nothing makes a long night working in the library go faster then Oscar winners Denzel and Russell doing their thing in American Gangster.
... Well, when I see you pop up on my timeline, you're not the only thing that pops up. Dats all I'm gonna say...
ahh yeahh just finish my project ....drawing so easy
What a jam-packed day of gr8 content! Now we are participating in symposium to beat childhood cancer.
aren't you married???!
thanks for following ;-)
My girlfriend's daughter just got booted from Barnes and Noble for moving all the Bibles to the fiction section.
Marketing 101 is my religion. Obama is the spokesman for the corporations. there is no usa or china etc..there is only bechtel,IBM,Sony etc.
Ivy what's good??
Merry Christmas!
"Mr.Boemler was walking around and saw two girls online shopping on their phone" that was not us at all..
lol me to instead of tweeting bout rocs hair
hehe i can't wait!:) and i fer sure will take lots of pics <3
I try not to let it bother me, but it really does
"Bioengineering is less risky, in the grand scheme of things, than geoengineering." True--but a low bar!
Oracle forges Xeon E5 racks and blades - Register
Who's ready for Texas Longhorn football?
On a mission your worst enemy is idol time...
I like you better!
Work brings success :-).
poor dude. I hope you get it sorted out soon or at least figure out what to do next. Hugs.
and killed it tonight!!! Best show I've seen all year!
we want to be cool and get tons of followers.
I say back knee was down no TD
Hawaii News Now - KGMB and KHNLBack for Mo? Yankees' closer Rivera lost for 2012 - Hawaii News Now
Make a Wish nd the Universe will align to make it come true...
What's your biggest challenge as an actor?
what it do bones
We're making all the same mistakes <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
These pants are so tight. Atleast they make my ass look god (:
What we now know, butterflies are terrifying.
Thanx for the follow. Alaska is beautiful. I want to see Siberia some day. Last great nothern wilderness.
FOLLOW ME BAILEY IM A BIG #RNGEEZIE ND I VOTE FOR U GUYS EVERYNIGHT <3
you are awesome!
Hi Randy! How's the training going today?
Spa week in #ATL. Massage at the mansion was truly divine. Thanks, Amanda the masseuse. You're doing just what you should be w your life
#syked for this final today(: wish us look!:)
Do any of your locations carry Arctic Ease Cryotherapy wraps/pads?
thankyou so much!!! :))
After years of people telling me I'd love it, I'm finally sitting down to watch Big Fish with Em Spenc in Park City. Here goes nothin..
Great way to celebrate Opening Day Eve !! What are we enjoying tonight?
If you're curious is now in session, follow them for updates & full links now.
I'm like the wolf woman, my bad side comes out at night.
I have enjoyed my time in Charleston SC...I wish I was into #genealogy back when I lived here years ago...this place is rich in history..
Richard & Linda Thompson - Wall Of Death - 05:11 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Strop walked the leadoff hitter he faced and let him score last inning
is there a good blog or site based in Chicago with marketing, events, and fashion internship openings posted?
I would die if u said happy birthday to mee!! (:
Great ride last night and it was fun talking. Thanks to you and for your support to #Carmel and
We really needed this prior to a huge full-class group project last summer. So useful!
Amazes me that people who have the ability to get it done simply don't and those who want to get it done never get a chance.
RETWEET IF U SOMETIMES WRITE REETWET INSTEAD OF RETWEET...I DO THT A LOT:P
I'm living Mofo life
Wow im so tired lol
At the baby doc with -- We just heard our baby's heartbeat!! So cool!
Nice! RT : Orphan Film Symposium 2012 recipients of the Helen Hill Award: Jo Dery & Jeanne Liotta.
#WorstGift got served divorce papers
"She likes Rush, the 3 Stooges, and beer? Hold on to her tightly!"
I look forward to taking on the path with you.
WE WATCHED THE PHANTOM OF THE OPERA IN SECOND BLOCK!!!!!!!!!!!
Spotify executive: We are continuously investing in #mobile!
I've never been to Cali
"Reno is the Austin, TX of Nevada"
Recalling my days at #ROC’s WVOR 100 in the early ’90s… It seemed like every request in ’92 was for #Whitney’s “I Will Always Love You”
Hahah aww! & okay, bring whatever snack you`d like!
Special thanks to for following us on Twitter. We're honored sir.
Been a fan of since '89 #minorexaggeration BUT since the #standup show & saw him 4 my bday years ago..
": Everyone Follow , he's the coolest, handsomest, smartest person I've ever met!!!!!!! (so not kidding!)"
No the Lamy roller ball.
Felling great about the choices I made, just sad that people were hurt in the process.. #lifesucks sometimes :(
I dunno but iys got somethin to do wit my kindle they suck
Speaker silver says governor and his admin "have inherited this crisis."
thanks for the link! just beautiful.
Birds of a feather tonight!
Long Beach, CA for the evening ..
Yeah I wanna dance with somebody, with somebody who's not dead.
Sunday, Sunday, Sunday please don't turn into Monday.
what is muscle max's tweet name?
Even if Sarah Palin is sincere in her condolences (BIG if) her violent rhetoric cancels it out.
can't wait for lizard lick to come back on in June so I can be living that lick life :-)
Maybe checking in at Disneyland has lost its luster?
Hitting the gym..
Today was on 4 radio stations and taught a college class- I earned my money and my 2 upcoming vacations.
Do your homework: check a non profits 9-90s to see how they're funding themselves
#YouKnowLifeIsGreatWhen... 150 years ago you find out that your own worst enemy was shot by his own troops. (He later died.)
HAPPY VALENTINES DAY!!!! Woohoo :)
"The less you read about #homeopathy, the more you understand it."
#GoTribe The All-Star ballot is out? Looks like it is time to blindly vote for every Indian I can
how tough was that class this morning ? I could only watch...had 2 hours in already and that class looked difficult!!!!
I think it is scheduled to arrive today.
i just realized i think my mom is gonna love Avengers!
I need some People to text right now! Lol hmu if you wanna text dm or something
I just found out something that is making me really upset. I don't know if I can do much more work today :-/
the way the grinch says "loathe entirely" >>>>
Download the WNA/AP Convention app
RT : Hey Colts fans, I know today is a sad day for you... But just remind yourselves that at least you're not Vikings fans.
she is adorable!
Thanks Mark.
Rinsing your fingers under water for 2 seconds does not count as washing your hands
in JULY
Inbound links are a vote of trust/online recommendations via
.....at this second, there is a teenage boy somewhere out there, just for her, slumped low at his desk, tapping his foot,....
Devouring Scandinavian mysteries lately...can't get enough of em, it seems
Waco , Maryland and then Europe going to be a busy month
good call
Today is National Banana Cream Pie Day
Bro you rocked the show! Kudos!
Here's teh potential pbounce on $ABOT! Could have found suport at .01 and could rally back another 20% again off of it!
And that's all she wrote folks... End of one stage and Monday starts another! Weekend first to enjoy...
making my way downtown, walking fast.
I have 1 more question lolol if I follow u from my personal account, can I tweet u the pic from that account instead???(:
I did, thank you! Saw one son, Skyped the other. I'm a lucky gal.
I know she has MILLIONS of ppl tweeting her all the day .. oh weel she will follow me some day :] #ILLNEVERSTOPBELIEVING !!
cold, cold mountain deluge now. is charmed.
the Korean BBQ tacos, the pork buns, and the Creme Brûlée Cart (obviously!). Have fun! cc:
I pledge allegiance to
Looking forward to going to Frederick tomorrow, but not getting up at 5:30!
"Break a leg, y'all!" to the cast and crew of ACT 1's THE MEMORANDUM, which we understand is opening tonight. Have a great run!
It&#39;s Not Just for Boys: Girls Are Into Math and Science Too
Must be watching "Blood and Bone"RT : Next time to get the notion to fuck with me.......... DON'T
Welcome new members & Happy B-Day 2 all..
oh, and i thank you for having great grammar :) haha
yes, I'm ok. Yes, "bad", not good. I'm sore for sure. And car is completely totaled. But I walked away so...
Tomorrow, will be selling Homecoming tickets in the CONFERENCE ROOM across the main office. Listen to the PA for updates
Thanks :) It got better, but wow! What a strange day.
No new listings today, sorry. After catching up with ILF and ISL I spent time working on my master lists. Will have new listings tomorrow!
#JustRememberThat I wake up and go to sleep with you on my mind. Good or bad.
Happy Mother's Day!!!
Raw was OK, I thought last weeks TNA impact was better. WWE is just disappointment after disappointment
- I think the cute bear tips the scales. Aliens still come across as a teenage thing and not geared twds the 6 year olds..
What's Frenchie cryin about? He got the CALL! STFU, Parker.
yes! Or ? First Cinco de mayo #downtownmiami festival:)
I'm glad to say the Society of Early Americanists is now on Twitter: , thanks to &
Support T - w - i - tt - i - tt only takes 3 keys google takes 4 keys
Check out this year's logo! Looking forward to celebrating our 25th anniversary with YOU!
Hello, friend! Thanks for the shout out last #FF! Sorry I missed it but I'll remember you this coming #FF! Hope you are well!
he is an Aussie with an accent I do believe
will do :)
I will be watching and good luck.
I can't see her as anyone other than Janet From Another Planet, LOL!!
Just checked out your website and very interested to learn more!
happy thanksgiving to you too
People still coming in,about 50 at fan gear, was supposed to start 10 mins ago
Family Style Meat Lasagna is almost as good as 's Lasagna, but her's still rains supreme.
Rainy days make me sleepy.
Thank God for Scott Walker!
ACO Paulette agrees to notify Sandy Wyatt of adoptable animals at Nottoway Animal Shelter.
Lunching in Beverly Hills with Kerri Newell today of www.CantDateWithoutIt.com - check her out!!
haha I'm not talking about you mackenzie!
Who am I kidding, I like her too much.
yeah! didn't you get my email on Tuesday? :)
...AND YOU CAN BRING THE FAMILY! we will be having a special area just for the kids to enjoy. tickets coming soon!
Please play Ebony and Ivory his duet with Paul McCartney
Bromance alert <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F> RT : we're always watching the same shit lol
We are not meaningless.
Done recording "Hopes and Dreams" the single!!! About to put it up! RT this and spread the word!!
Theres a monkey jumping up & down, so wheres the pickles & condoms ?? Idk but juice soaks evenly across the turtles neck!
OHSAA Division II football playoffs: Tallmadge defense holds off New Philadelphia - Plain Dealer OHSAA Division II football playoffs: Tal
At the hawks game with watching dominate.
who are we talking about?! I secretly think its me?!?
plus, it's a wonderful reason to show up late for mla...
so happy you got it :)
My nigga don't lie!
You're just lime green jello and you won't admit it.
That would be my second guess, first is the direct payroll company. Always gotta know where the money is coming from. lol
well fine!!!
: aw i miss u too(: and yeah thats sounds nice(:
My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me.
welcome to the wonderful world of Twitter!!
Thanks all you guys are the best. I'm really getting tired of this Len guy! #DWTS Get your vote on now!!!! Lol
Great advice! “: A webform is a conversation, not an interrogation. So it should be ordered logically #forms”
Meeting in the History Department to formalize my quals committee, followed by lunch with the McNair Scholars.
Held it in as long as I could, but can all the dudes who rolled eyes at me n october when I told em Kansas would b n th Final plz speak up!?
Yeah! We always liked writer.ly better!
Listening to a cd I made in 2010. I listened to techno mostly.
I'm stuck in a post-apocalyptic rut at the moment. I often browse goodreads.com to get inspiration.
I am the deciding factor <3
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 72
That's not true. RT Portland's defense is always terrible.
is so musically creative!! #TheVoice! Ugh tough choice, but as long as one the guys wins I'll be happy!
Girl bend dat Dere for me.
lmfao hugs!!!! It's okay I'll be back soon!!! I'll be your strength
FINE! #adj/verb
Happy Birthday!!!
how is your eye sight? I thought I was gonna end up blind when poked my eyeball
I was just asking the same thing. I'm waiting for him to do a napoleon dance with it.
oh it is ==>Head Game Amazing Lmfao
Impressed by the fresh design of Grid Lens, a beautiful new camera app by Cute flourishes everywhere.
Thank god for Burts bees
i wanna see is d-9 worth seeing?
It's time to crash some DC par-tays hehehe
Melissa thanks for the RT.
Chris brown!! Lmao
thank you =)
Can't get over how awesome GaGa bow turned out!
A wise choice. Although wait...you've started co-writing YA books, haven't you? Game. Still. On.
thank you for your joy and humor.
lol I was literally listening to torn right as u started tweeting about it! #coincidence?
Congrats to & for graduating college today! Love you both!
Mooresville...where a car crash is the topic of the whole schools day
QUESTION: Which do you prefer; A lot of money or a lot of friends?" Conducting a pole. Please comment your answer. Thx a bunch! :-)
Sounds good! Looking forward to it. Actually, I can be the same way too.
I'd never take his love for granted again. Ppl stupid
Have been thinking a lot lately about community & sense of belonging. Complicated for expats. Where do you feel you belong?
happy valentine's day! will you be my valentine? <3
“: Instead of 'LOL', Why don't you try LOLWKASF? "Laughing Out Loud While Keeping A Straight Face"”
i want to know how long you make it through that movie
if Ron is a retro-player I might be a retro-publicist, did you catch him on Conan? LOL
oh damn i see :/ there should be a prom in college lol so ppl could make up for it haha. Yeah i had to make up 74 hours :'(
Oh lord, calm down gayboys. This is a restaurant not a walkway.
Been at work since 6am and can't believe how much work can accumulate in one day.
i can't even do this right. Maybe I should just full on SMcide.
A rare diagreement says Ishagawa is starting at first if Gamel is down for a length of time. I say its Corey Hart evenutally..
Who's playing the #Cowboys on #Thanksgiving? USSportspages.com
Ending my night by hearing your voice >>>>>>>>
Someone help me cure my crabby
I haven't actually clammed since moving to the west coast. No explanation. I used to in Rhode Island.
Thank you :) For some reason, a bunch of my tweets are missing, so wasn't sure if you saw it- is that common with Twitter?
are u going to do a concert in maryland or DC
Anyone in Chicago want to ride to Key West?
Love me some Randi Rhodes! Always telling it like it is!
I meet him on Saturday may 12 , and you will meet him someday ! {:
Thanks for sharing the video!
yeah, was kinda a weird way to compare it. Just a huge win for West Ham, Hammers are back
sparklyrebel98 would greatly appreciate a hello :) she thinks your adorable
Tis great news ! Yes..
:( will you be in Indy this weekend you know you're always welcome.
Ah - the folks that R tough 2 shop 4 R no fun arnd Xmas. U search & search 4 that perfect gift. Plan early is the solution eh?
I seriously want to know if there are any big rapture festivities being put on by churches - I'd be there in a heart beat!
I have nothing to wear tomorrow. Time for monday-bumday!
Huge roar from the crowd as storms onto the field!
Can I watch The Hangover before bed?
its not Luke its gets cold down there haha
Great review....looking forward to hearing it.....
here's a poem for the letterpress: "letters (em dash) little ants working in a row (period)."
Tweeting while riding my bike. what a hazard
Yikes! That is scary ... Be safe!
I just died.
Thank you to Tracy Dempsey for her blissful treats and wonderful presentation!
I'm for it! Bomb Libyan airfields to save Libyan people.
Ya know, it really stinks someone already has a twitter in my name. I had to freakin add an extra letter to my name to get me a Twitter...
Is your company #hiring in #ROC? We can help fill open positions w/ high qualified candidates. Participate in our Career Fair on 5/16!
me too! I want the Ford fiesta. :D
I done gave you the sign, you just wouldn't read it now you feelin' like Keyshia Cole and "You Should've Cheated"
Just returned from Everest and Annapurna base camps. Finished article for another mag on Annapurna. Everest next. Interested?
Ed served several years as senior practice leader in Arthur Young's (Ernst & Young) Southwest Strategic Management Consulting Practice.
The Brewers are like the CW right now. They love drama.
Works for me!
“: who dey?! Could there b any less energy in st louis? Lol” it's miserable there!
Everyone seems to think British people are “posh” were not posh? Are we?
Got home safe & sound. Everyone driving home from #BASHH be safe. It's a bit damp ish out there. ;o)
Thank you! Have a great day! Hope you guys (or girls) are well. DC in May for #AIA2012?
Thanks for following b4 we asked :) Hope all is great on the West coast!
Yay! maybe we'll be a little better. :p
and tonight will be #9!!:)
You have no idea how much I like you, how much you make me smile, how much I love talking to you, or how much I wish you were mine.
Why does every bone in my body hurt?!
We have some great video from a viewer of conditions at local pet stores that were raided yesterday with animals confiscated... on News8
I loved Water Joe in college, I was always hyper and hydrated :)
that's the same thing all the guys on Maury say! Lol
seems unsanitary. Slash like you could just buy a mold for that.
oh okay, text me!
Woke up this morning feeling highly favored and truly blessed. Being a child of God and part of #teamtallgirls can do that to you. :)
If u can't support yourself then u need to quit doing the shit.
I tried blood meal but then had to battle an possum from my porch. I'll try the pepper spray.
LATE. This is definitely a CP
LAX--> RNO--> Squaw Valley
I feel bars around the domed building are probably crazy busy tonight. Wish I could check them out.
No disrespect to Fish, but the Lakers are a COMPLETELY different team with Ramon Sessions, 15-0 SCORING RUN IN LAST 4 MINUTES GO LAKERS!!!!!
Hi! 50.000 Belgium is equal to $50,000 USA. Some countries use period instead of comma. Just fyi :)
who is the song a million bucks abouut?!(:
hey it was just a thought. My forearms look awesome right now anyway, so quit your hating lol
Thank you for the heads-up!
can't wait til u perform on so random
RT : Snarkiness promotes creativity? Duh. "The incongruent info inherent in sarcasm appears 2 stimulate complex thinking"...
RIP Maurice Sendak
what's bro I'm good man, what's with you?
she's ridiculous! It has nothing to do with Christine it's all about her. Pathetic
Go UMass! There are few things in the world better than beating Temple! One step closer to going dancing!
Why can't I see my timeline?!?
I still love my , but had her moment this year. I am waiting for the day they make a song together! :)
Low today? 28. High? 63. Really Atlanta?
Hope I get hired some were and stay away from fools.
Harold Melvin & The Blue Notes - Where Are All My Friends (w/ Teddy Pendergrass) - 08:16 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Couldn't watch #BGC reunion last night but u did tape it TIME TO CATCH UP RIGHT NOW. THIS BETTER BE GOOD LOL
absolutely agree w/ your statement! Both parties full of corruption. Almost too much 2 overcome. Looking carefully Libertarian party
RT : I don't really understand Google+ yet, but if it helps kill Facebook then I 100% support it. #fb | Invite greatly desired :)
I'm at Electric Daisy Carnival watching Tiesto!
Another successful Advocacy Day has ended. Thanks to everyone who came to DC to make their voices heard on Capitol Hill!
Bahahaha this is awesome!
That video is hilarious...
Lmfaoooooo went in on THIRSTY follow me and I'll be sure to follow you back!
Party people San Diego! DJ All Night
RT When I had no temple I made/ My voice my temple. I have/ No priest, my tongue is my choir. ~Robert Pinsky
It's already here! Lets get the word out and wake up the world!
I was looking at a different position (metadata librarian), but that looks awesome too!
love the lem reference
Getting excited
Nah, after all, they only have to pay me at a mid level librarian salary.
The end is my favorite. Such a crescendo. :)
my mommy loved the flowers i got her :3
“: Thank you all so much for the Award!! I am truly honored.”
Why are people so obsessed with getting as many followers as possible on Twitter/Instagram?!
Looks like Jef Fisher will be rams next coach
some directionaters were on fox news that are going to the tampa concert so im gonna punch them.
The awkward moment when you walk into the bathroom and see urinals O.o
volleyball tryouts two days :) yes!.
you're my future abs idiot
Are you embarrassed??? You should be, you're on Embarrassed Tactics
Thanks Sy, that was dope!
Will Larry Merchant interview Mayweather tonight?
Seriously...RT: Daylight savings time you owe me an hour of sleep
thanks for doing it!!! I love you HUGS!!!!
RT : 3 tickets left for Opening Day! $90ea & you can join our Tailgating Party! Contact for details!
My moms cooking and that shit smells banging !!!!!
Tired as hell. English...not tonight.
I'm just going to go ahead and unlike Free People. I can't stand their products.
Trying to find some awesome hikes in Banff...headed there in less than two months.
David Swanson talks about his new book "When the World Outlawed War" on Wednesday evening, Nov. 16th, at 7 PM.
Is every cabbie required to play NPR?
whoa! very cool.
just remember it's a labor of love :)
Maybe it's hypocritical to say this as someone who works on a computer all day, but it scares me how attached folks are to their electronics
You're invited to 'Paella
#TateRousey Hurry up
": freshmen fball player for Pitt ok I see u murph....can I get an autograph? " G Ton you know i got you!
:o zayn cheated. On me ;(
I need more followers
Yeah for sure gonna go home and take a long ass nap
#beardown the Barbarian!
Excuse me if your gonna talk to my cousin , you have to get through me first (:<
I'm trying to go in unspoiled! Yet expecting best true comic book movie experience yet!
I think it's almost time for a trip to San francisco. Anyone have ample room on their couch?
Can we make getting remarried unconstitutional? It's unbiblical too.
It is how you show up at the showdown that counts. -Homer Norton
Why? Did she ask for it back?
He just knows Golden State is his last chance for a job....
if you wanted to fix this.. youd be sitting here with me right now.
Oh, It's National Margarita Day? Looks like Lent won't be so bad after all. ;-}
LOVE it! RT “: Per Geraldo, I also think men in NYC should avoid wearing suits lest they be mistaken for Wall St crooks”
follow me please, i love you, :)
Currently listening to: AT RISK TEEN - Smash and Grab on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
hey Doug, did you have the opportunity to meet with Aj? sounds like y'all are having a 'BLAST' :D ~~~~rich
Wasr10 or s&w mp15? I just don't know which to get
How helpful of them to point that out. Jeezum.
that's one guy we have been talking about in the media room, personally I think that would be a great hire
Usher is that guy bruh !
I'm in Boston today doing a training program for attorneys! Thanks for having me!
Maybe he deserves the world »•D'Maree•« !! I Lovee That Boy :))
I have a bunch of 3.5in floppies. I hope I got anything I needed off them because.... yeah. I have a zip drive!!
nice one
oh yeah, Happy Birthday #mybadgiiiirlll (:
Feeling so sick today... A trip to Urgent Care may be in my future...
Haha my dog loves showers because he starts running all over the house like crazy after a shower lol
Wordpress 3.2 released and ready for update. Its faster, lighter and has a revamped admin area. Make sure you take a moment to update.
Please ask us about the Kerastase treatment that seals in the color!
I sense a little sarcasm in your tweet? I will try not to burn day 1 just for you #sungod #baby oil
Thanks Fred! Have a terrific rest of the day! RT :
You gonna add the new stuff when I post it? ;)... <3
Cheesesteak foodtruck in Venice called 'South Philly Experience'
may I have a follow back please?
i know my room is a mess but I've had no time to clean it. I'm stressed enough, I don't need spiders and ants crawling in it.
What exactly is the point of twitter? :D
Morning Mindbender Answer: 52% of women can't go a day without "sending a 'risque text' message.
Enjoying Shark Week on the discovery channel.
Y O U
Ludacris >>> Big Sean
was here. waiting for gabby's slow ass to come the fuck on!!!!!!!
dont like that the government can make you buy HC and if you don't you get fined for it
#LIVEmusic #SHOW #BOSTON #BENEFIT 4 the American Heart Association ! ! !
would you rather be run over feet first by a steamroller of go feet first in a wood chipper. -__-
You're such a doll. Let's make this Christmas thing work! Beef Wellington here I come!
just had a killer sandwich at this place called Subway. It was super cheap, like $5 or some OUTRAGEOUS deal
Thank you for helping to spread the word about the ReStore
Have a lovely morning and a fantastic day!
#SchoolMemories I was in fourth grade and some kid was bullying my sister so I chased him down on the play ground and beat his ass.
you don't know you're beautiful!
she said the money in there 400$
should have that talk all bagged up.
Sorry I meant a "free online webinar"
ahaha. I only use 3 of the holes. Are you not allowed to get more or you just don't want them?
sorry, who are you? =/
: I don't know what happened to you in that hospital. It took you 3 years to figure out his birthdate.
you insane why trade wade
I keep gettinf really odd cravings
#MarchMadness !!! How far do you think your team will go this year?
I use Android TweetDeck with text size 24!
It's always a joy waking up next to the one you love :)
That's how it is, and that's how it goes.
Ding ding ding! Less intimidating on a plate. Top of the food chain FTW.
congratulations to (AJ) on his unofficial acceptance to the mcnally smith college of music following his audition today.”
this weekend, I didn't do anything! I didn't go anywhere. but #oomf made it perfect by bringing me food & talking on the phone w/ me. <U+2665>
Thanks! I totally will!
LIAM'S "OOH, OOH" IN 'I GOTTA FEELING'. I CAN'T EVEN.
Is City trash service delayed a day this week?
Please oh Please let Maria be safe! Please!
Oct is off to a fast start! Need costumes. Daughter wants to be a candy-corn witch or Marie Antoinette. Son, undecided. Suggestions anyone?
THE WINNER IS! wins the $200 toward a P.L.A.Y. bed from ! Wheeeee!
bored bored bored today almost done!
I wanna be on broadway.
I swear every time we go somewhere there is always something lol
I wanna go to Germany
Learning about VMWare...
Meet and Great with #TimSullivan!! Come on down to #12VoltTavern at 1PM!
That's what #PAXeast will do! RT : There are way too many really hot geeky girls at the Pru
:-D 2mar starts a new day #n on dat note goodnite
What did the helpless man say to the person that wanted to help him? He said "THE ONLY WAY YOU CAN HELP ME IS TO HELP YOURSELF
I feel ya tweet I been hurtn all day;)myself..Whts up babygirl whn we doin it Gwop style im ready im ready im readayyy...Miss ya :*
Text: zesmo to 368266 to see an example of a mobile coupon; then call us to see how we help your business monetize your marketing efforts.
john & michael ?
Automatic correction stinks.
then again those Mysons are hydronic & that happened to work for me in my
New location
I am so stressed. Gawd, it's gonna get better soon right?
I need to find a way to not let little things get to me ...
how do you leave the house with such a huge head?
Peace to Acquire your ultimate goals may work best because violence will begat more death! The establishment wants you mad as hell 4 its NWO
November 7th marks the return of DC's premier Hip Hop producer event ... The Beat Down at U Street Music Hall.
Having fun at the store today come on down and meet mrs. beasley!
is playing bass in his third band today (of four?!) holding down the low end with Lara Johnston. What a man.
When I was young, I started planning it out... Dad got sentenced, so I was the man of the house..
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of payments.
me too vacation:D I'm good.thanks!
I'd say pushing it around on the plate.
hot chocolate before leaving my house :) going to Mexicali, Can't wait! :) so excited :)
Probably not xD. An sure (:
you fanny! haha go back to bed! Where are you btw?
Where RT U should come to this 70s party at the strand on Saturday!
“: What to do with an empty house...??” practice your strike three call haha!
Elaborate If You Will.... O)+>
"There is no such thing as good #painting about nothing." [Mark Rothko]
I thought #Mormons believe in multiple WIVES!#Romney is a lying, myopic, cold, greedy, robot!
I don't have a problem with the child's age. It's the way mother and child are focused outward rather than on each other. It feels wrong.
Spirit Airlines just started coming to MN and now they're gonna start charging $100 for a carry-on bag. WTF.
Movie with my love <U+E022>
Leaving fuds. Painfully. This place is magical and all should experience it!
If you follow me it would definitely be the best day ever <3
The best #DCdesign will be showcased tonight at for the #AIGA50 reception. One of the biggest #AIGA #DCevents to be at!
ok cool ill be there then
Derek,I'm thrilled you liked it! After all the great brews, I'm glad I could lend a hand!
Anyone hittin up the courts?
it goes well...
In the nude.
Would love to see these teams combine for 300 points.
Have you tried omega3/vit D Squeezes before? It's a local company (Vista) and they're d'lish!
awe, im headed down to the OC for a bonfire on the beach tonight.
It's the ones you got the most history with who will turn their back on you first.
First day of my job = success! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Filner says to turn page in SD, we have to break special interest stranglehold.
It's going to be a beautiful #meatlessmonday at our #capHill store! 1/2 off all non-meat burgers when you buy a side or soda!
relative major: an uncle in the Marine Corps. relative minor: a girlfriend.
i'm so tired
Wish I was there with you! RT Beautiful day at Riviera w/
i vew you as my wonderful big sister LOVE YOU .
Happy Birthday!! Have a great day!!!
it'll wear off 1 day... but no wife or kids at home, so I better do it now!
Lovin the fact that Brandon Gibson is torching up camp
Hailey Annie's resting again. Going home tomorrow!!!
Hitting the gym to get my mind off of things.
...no clue. Was asking for a culinary inclined friend with too few Twitter followers.
You're Welcome!
What’s your all-time favorite sports movie?
Thanks so much for sharing today! Hope your week is off to a lovely start!
Cool studios n Games!!
this a radio show or podcast show?
wrote a strongly-worded electronic mail. and that should take care of that.
Random rapper #arrested? I don't care who he is, or what he did, free him. - The Ghetto Community
We've oil heat & it's crazy expensive. I live in an OLD 3 story house though. Depends on size of place, how well insulated, etc.
Friday Special: Free Drink with any Box Lunch or Salad order!
She can get mad or say what she wanna say but she can't say I didn't keep it real... U asked n I gave u a real answer
cool i got u ... i got this cuzzo
#whatyoufindinladieshandbags what don't you find in a ladies handbag?
I'm on stupid following limit :(
With consistency, a great soul has simply nothing to do. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
I can't believe its the season final. OMG.
u freaking drunk!?!?!? And why wasn't I invited! Lol
hot new anniversary menu. 65 for six courses with pairings.
Casting Director Katja Blichfield from NBC 30 ROCK next Tuesday! Limited seating!!
“: so important to coordinate your earrings with your mic!” So true! So true.
some things just make me go
Strauch: Probation is "not appropriate because of what the defendant chose to do that day & the pain she caused this family."
How much for the DLC? I have yet to play that game and I'd probably enjoy it. Would buy if <$25
shhhh i haven't watched yet
Screw summer. Can it be #Halloween? I thought of the best costume.
It was good post and I couldn't agree more with what you wrote. :)
“: #1: I'd rather be paid in Continental Air Miles than Citi stock.”
can I be your date please?? I'll even let you wear jorts!
#imagine Austin:i cant help smile when you look at me,The look in your eyes makes me crazy!!<333 -anna
I'm a fan of the fact that you just used correct quotation even though it was awkward with the exclamation point. K bye. :)
next shoot is April 29th ..... You saw the facebook message. I'll update u with details soon if you wanna participate :-)
It's not widespread but look for patchy dense fog this AM especially in river valley and rural areas
Playing football and basketball next week! I'm look forward to it:)
don't lose who you are.
I should join you but I'm having too much fun in denial!
no u better do dat
Looks like I'm headed back to Taos, NM this summer . . .
I want the tower burger!.
Rough night, hoping for a better today.
Thanks! I've kinda stretched it to two weeks. :)
hm, that's a tough question...
I throw a stacc at that bitch ass, let her pay her rent with it...
Indians lead 11-2 over the White Sox in the 8th inning at Progressive Field
How come I'm seeing #nfl officials who don't seem to know the difference between encroachment and a neural zone infraction?
It was impossible to resist. Surprised by the stillness!
I didnt mean right now though, I meant from earlier today, I have them all recorded, I put everything on youtube earlier too
We are officially in that thang! Follow us now!
Voting for our iPad contest ends at 8 PM tonight CST. We will be announcing the winner shortly thereafter here on Facebook.
#Doritos I never saw anything either. Good ad!
So looking forward to girls night out tonight with by besties
Get ready for launch on Monday!
Watching The Beauty of Politics rerun on w guest
Will there be a list of companies attending broken by industry for the career fair?
Watched people catching salmon on the beach at sunset. I used to fish a lot but now I'm happy to watch others deal with the slimy creatures.
Gah math class at 8 am gets worse every day!
I'm sure you're resting now, but when you get this message please send a huge electronic hug my way...
Men . . all men . . . and ironically Black Men in particular . . ..are as dense to sexism as majority culture is to racism . . .UGH!
watching the polaroids dvd. Forgot about the hollywood hair in 'round of blues' lol! Shawn cleans up good!
Tracing flames for a guitar strap. Hot flames, cool strap!
Have an ass kickin' birthday today Brenna!
I couldn't get time yesterday fam..hit me up today if u going back
The government could never let me work for the CIA. I would tweet about random espionage and write memoirs about killing the enemy lol
oh whatever.
50 Cent Wings All Night!!!! $2.50 Coors light Pints ALL NIGHT!!!! Come Watch All the Games & Take advantage of Joe's Sunday Stimulus plan!
“: That is a good tip..."in screencasts use "I" language, not "you" (via ) #edcampdet”
straight up
Did you REALLY just ask if I have a car!? I have 9 of them!! Haha....
I just spent the last hour on tumblr. #productive ? I think so!
do you not know that Mr. VanDuillaume himself, is on twitter??
aww. Take care and feel better soon
Just finished White House tour. Now eating at Ella's Pizza, the best in DC!
I feel like someone should do a sexual physics rewrite of sexual healing now
I don't want you to EVER get over it. I love this post! I've native ancestors who were slaughtered in order to take their land.
lmbo I wasn't trying to be funny
Anyone know if Terrelle Pryor active for today's game? I wonder if he's gonna get any snaps at WR just to welcome him to the Raiders roster.
#Panthers selected Luke Kuechly from Boston College with the No.9 pick in the
yessir. Everything straight on your end?
"I'm not playing the piano, I am dreaming." I just love that.
So today was pretty fun
Remember we'll be closed Thursday & Friday to celebrate Thanksgiving day. And check the BIG discount for Cyber Monday-see previous post.
It's somewhat like Google...the world at your fingertips, but with a personal twist.
Babysitting a four month old is tough work! Thank goodness I'm not a baby momma
Anthony Starr~ Sport is imposing order on what was chaos.
Great meeting you and thanks for the follow -
my nigga boosie beat that charge
that's sweet of you. Always thoughtful. I'm around... Still at 6143480760 :)
but it was just me
I'm good no complaints RT god good! How are yooouu?! :)
NOW STREAMING JOHN MAYERS NEW ALBUM IN FULL <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8>
“: “: I hope they cut out all the rape in Billy Elliot.” ” that's #BullyElliot #MrG <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
please shut michael cole up tonight. Im sick of his whining. He gives me a headache
I'm at the Fork. Cant stay too long because people sometimes arrive at the office by 6:30pm.
RIP Junior Seau - Forever a Charger Legend and Oceanside Icon.
Worried about what the future holds financially. This recession sucks!.
Hoping for some solid at this week.
I agree w/ Hank.
OHMYGOD!! Congrats girl!!!
I'm dreading class tomorrow.
11am today we're back w/ WINNING #cupcakewars cupcakes & other favorites too! Watch us on again tonight at 8pm!
Why my mom is making cheeseburgers instead of tacos tonight is beyond me.
#ICantStandPeople who act ignorant -_- no señor, no linda
I'm also pessimistic. I think the D is getting old, especially the D-line. Broncos exposed us.
Mani/Pedi = Great start to a Sunday.
trying your roasted squash seeds recipe tonight!
Going to a just a little out of the way makes such a difference in the stuff you can find!
If you're going to play with the big kids, you'd better fucking act like one.
She make me beg for it then she give it up <3
Blog41 Dell and Palm handhelds break new ground from opposite- palm handhelds
ok, I trust your opinions and thanks for telling me :)
Its going DOWN THIS SUNDAY @ #SUBT 2011 w North Ave /for artist that wants to perform send stage name an contact to
Too tired to bask in our success.
I'm a get my march on at #BmoreMayDay 5pm at McKeldin Sq.
I'm a big fan of Honda CRV's digital sponsorship of 's Title IX celebration. Great brand fit
I wanna go home and sleep on my bed<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Watching sponge bob square pants with my nephew mehkai :)
Teachers have been really moody lately.
hopefully your basketball team can win without the referees help against UNT. Go green!
Goodmorning to you
hahah okay! That will be the funniest thing ever!!!
I've decided to surprise the band mates by hanging wall to wall mirrors in our rehearsal room. Unnerving? Very. Let's see what happens.
I Aint Never Lead Yu On, It Was Always Da Other Way Around
and here comes THE sax solo. Nailin' it.
Very impressed by #Chargers quick and direct response to my earlier tweet! That's some solid engagement & how good #PR is done my friends!
Need to contact Newark Pride Alliance? Email us at info at newarkpridealliance dot org
Food shopping. Blah :/
Grinding in the studio with
Anyone in Indianapolis into Morph Suits or want to Morph?
Looking forward to getting back to work this AM with and on
I feel like the newer fans go on and on about carrots, spoons, and leprechauns etc. while the older fans are like, "That is so old"
Loving my Android right now. The mobile hotspot/tethering is letting me finally get our wedding photos uploaded so I can share them!
MONSTERS INC.
#Bridesmaids wasn't bad at all, pretty funny actually...poor cop.
wouldn't you like to know... Can't reveal all my secrets!
Someone call me pale one more time and I'll block you from my life FOREVER AND WON'T REGRET IT EVER.
Thanks for the shout out!
For the first time ever, I don't miss you at all...
I'm not sure what the proper protocol is for telling someone their breath is horrible.
Try Microsoft OneNote (it should be in microsoft office). It's really intuitive for organizing ideas, and easily edit-able.i love it!
I saw your tweet before you deleted it, but thank you x)
4 fouls in one play
Yup RT : Hey guys open house party at 2500 Apollo Drive. Come one come call. Free everything just say you know
4th row across 4th row down
Rehearsal time! Gotta get it right for this audition
Chillen ! I have danced with every girl I've seen! So much fun
can't wait for this season !! Looking forward to seeing all the special effects and character make-up :)))
I'm workin all day Saturday now. How lame ! I better het off early too ! #screwcody lol
you big cat you big pussy we got big doe we sell big cushy" o
thanks for that RT on Monday! - You are welcome. Please follow me. Thanks
Should be a fun weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
how do u know if ur meeting him???
haha i know i shud. I want to watch it again. this time il buy whistles, trumpets and create some hungama.
i know hes such a girl...LOL
I feel like this will be a good year.
Thanks 4 the suggestion! I've been meaning to address neurofeedback for ADHD 4 awhile, but haven't gotten around to it yet!
Thank you for the support! Great talking with you today... I am looking forward to working with your team!
Hey , you should follow who is speaking today at the Chicago Let's get him to come thru Bmore!
what dud u think about solo new joint ??
I want u to sing to me like that :)
at kumas corner. so stoked for the burger
Outdoor fire warning issued for wide region
Laura Sequenzia from Golf World magazine discusses getting young golfers interested from an early age
Boys weekend in San Francisco - I've got The Rock on my iPad all ready to watch.
Just felt the Earthquake out here in LA, nothing serious.
Shoot last night w/ for
Wada=Duchscherer? The news from Showalter did not sound good.
what's wrong, boo? DM if necessary
Someone please bring me a spinach & feta wrap. Right now.
Cant believe u havent busted out the pic w/that kid latched to Ice-T's wife #gameon?
Chicken livers at the Pulloman in Kirkwood. Trust me.
Off to a movie date with my team
I'm widdit fam! I'll talk to Peez and we will jet out there at the same time!Lets get it!!
AH. your lover(;
great ideas. I can't wait to create a behavior chart on google docs.
Just bought Starbucks for $2>>>>>>
I can fix that. Come to SUBWAY for lunch! RT : hungry
But I thought WordArt made things good?!
tell miki to turn her tv down already
A hour away..
are you going to be at the Grog Shop tonight? I want to punch some bros in a mosh pit with you.
The new #nikenfluniforms look HORRIBLE. HORRIBLE. has the pics.
Reading a LOT of my school textbook and taking notes. My brain is fried this morning...but I'm learning stuff. That is good.
lol, yep... My family and a bunch of fake b's that lie about lovin life are on fb
Jealous of my velvet pants?
“We must become the change we want to see.”
36. #Brewers 8 #Mets 0 | Greinke mastery / now 15 scoreless innings / our awkward staff ace.
That pass interference call was completely bogus. Screwed I tell ya.
Lets book a photoshoot
Thank you. Enjoy your afternoon.
Wow, thats a formidable scent!
And fuck you too english class :)
I refuse to use "BFF' because it is adolescent. Also, I am single (watch out world) so I will be using BF for everything
#Thegreatestteaseintheworld: the music of the ice cream truck. Not a woman
Drupal 101 sets the bar- the class will be past the "I suck" bar by the time the class is over!
Hm...none of just at have yet! RT : Who has tried our Buddy's garlic bread?
it was at St. B! it was so cold i felt like i was in antarctica!
Gun Safes: The real reason that a lot of people missed being jailed. I have heard about some situations where kids had been left with guns.
good point... not sure that we require the same extent of public trust as those professions, but maybe we're like teachers
but disease can't hold me back from jeremy linning tonight via rec basketball
haha get outta here!
Okayy where are all the cute guy followers at?!?! ;)
Dear tummy, you are'nt starving... you're just really bored.
What's up w/one account being #newtwitter and the other not? Plus, one account switched and then switched back ... what's up w/that?
80+ degrees in my office; the AC system has become sentient and isn't responding to the thermostat. Glad I have a window to open.
any idea who this "doozy" new UB pro will be? Seebok mentioned this on his blog
word of the day: stemmatology!
Sad I missed 's Libraries As Cultural Hubs #artforum, but always nice to read the tweets after the event.
good to know you string :)
Q2 cont’d...Lau ruling reflected belief that language-based discrim. is effectively a proxy 4 nat’l origin discrimin.
RT : A7: Let them have a part in creating the food! Then they are invested in trying it out!
Haha! Yes I bet he loves his mummy!!!! Weirdly, too much :)
the answer to that question is always 'yes'.
Just like 2 days ago me and my friend were just being girls taking pictures and this one guy started stalking us :o
#mybiggestfearis being forgotten...
Yamx is modding for "emotional intelligence". Beyond facts and reality to enage thru actions and interactions. Jim Gee
My dad, who has probably voted Republican 75% over his lifetime, said the same thing.
Mfs is crazy as hell
Blake needa Break. Lawson tearing him up.
If i didn't have so much homework tonight, it'd feel like summer.
RT : Penguins' Arron Asham is suspended for 4 games & James Neal is suspended for 1 game. Both will miss game 4 vs.
I disagree
Daily GTKY question presents the conclusion of guilty pleasure week. What is your guilty pleasure?
Karaoke heaven and #sxsw success. where have you been all my life?
design for you mixtape? We can hook you up. www.stardesignsa.com
Partying with Walter Landor's ghost!
When your parents wake you up 10 minutes before your alarm is supposed to go off<<<<< #leavemealone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
What's your favorite thing to do when it snows?
MedPricer &amp; DataPros Join Forces to Enhance Client Offerings
Amen. RT : take a step back and remove yourself as a fan...and look at college athletics, it truly is a joke. The NCAA is a farce.
add "happy people" after early
Yes - Deer with suicidal tendencies, do taste good.
This mom and daughter crying in a Verizon store is disgusting.
Happy Birthday to your mom , i bet shes proud of you , ashley and mikey , hope she has an amazing day <3 xox
Use the tools wisely: it doesn't need to replace what you do, but rather allow you to do what you do fully
I Love this tweet, thank you !
#WaysToGetMeMad Where sunglasses indoors and/or at night.
Yes I don't have too many books for this term
That's how an NGUZU show should be! RT > : In serbia , about to play on a boat w a stripper pole
Well then. Cheers!
I quadrupled my rate of blinking today with hopes it'll burn calories.
#WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty the whole block is in it.
My husband has been sick and in the horizontal position for 60+ hours. I hope he feels better soon.
Thumb thru that check
Betta not leave me no message cuz I never check my voicemail
“: Damn it!! Just text each other!!”
yes chemistry :/ and I know , how lucky (:
good recruiting day at Talked to two great candidates. Scheduled a third. Psyched.
Seventy percent of success in life is showing up....
Thanks for the plug, Ian.
Oh, that sounds good! Let's smuggle some into the movies!
Thanks so much for your kind comments......I DO loe the ocean. Have a nice week.
Patrick: "I wumbo, u wumbo, he she we, wumbo. Wumbology, the study of wumbo. Its first grade spongebob!" Spongebob: patrick, im sorry i ...
Watching like every episode of home movies on youtube :D i miss this show!
let's not dog RVP Unless he goes:) then its fair game:)
his super power is clearly destruction of chips.
lol r u gonna like ignore him tomorrow? and i see it on fb...looks bloody.
saw magazine sayin 'is Justin changin FOR Selena!?!?' I think tht he was changin BCUZ OF Selena...RETWEET or reply if u agree wid me.O.o
I'm a recovering book snob, but I'm getting better!
haha, romance over peanut shells, indeed! Here's wishing the both of you a very happy V-Day. :)
Ohh home! I'm so tired. I want to sleep! But there's no time for sleeping :(
Had fun.Let's watch some football this fall.
need a place to have a late lunch around Irvine/Newport Beach/Costa Mesa today.. I know it's last min. Any suggestions?
Devin, it's a shameful existence when #GOP says they're Patriotic,all they do is disrespect our Nation.
Good friends and talented people.
LOL...this is true...I'm late learning this though.
Watching Street Thief.
Yogurt with fruits :)
Awesome news! September means school is back in sesh in the US, could include some students. Plus on-site visits chill out.
At Caps game with
Absolutely! There's beginner instruction at the start, and Q&A ad-hoc tutorials after that.
Once a problem is defined or diagnosed, wise people focus on solutions!
I meant to say see. See? Autocorrect sucks
“: i'm so angry right now..”
Industry images submitted by Maude, Wayne and Julie - almost two weeks to publication on site
I made it, training advice??
Yeah, one of my homeboys from high school sent the song to me, funny ish lol... Have you done any guitar practicing?
exactly, especially for sport performance!
Does nobody in Columbus work on Fridays?! The traffic on 270 right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
thanks for RT re: Mother's Day Soirée!
its a ODB kinda day
Always hated science projects! :/
I should play the piano again...
Make a music video of the week request!!! Request a music video or just request an artist/band/group
Thank you. You both have helped me a lot. <hugs>
:: 4,860 regular season MLB games played each season. Only a few of them include something incredible. Way to go, Weaver!
u know tho im about to do dat cook dance
This class<<
I think he just means "reference when an extreme lens length is used"... I'll talk 90% about sound anyway and call it a day.
We Talk Bout Nothing More Than We Talk Bout Something ! Real Stupid
“: do they still make crimping irons!?” We probably need to check EBay! After tonight I bet we can find them!
Exactly what I need to hear tonight. RT Never let haters, critics & cynics define you.
Woo chinese buffet . Im so fuckin full
i dont want togo to school Tomorrow!
Great talk yesterday at #dmspgh. A lot to learn and be inspired by in there. I hope you enjoyed your birthday in Pittsburgh!
Forget about yesterday, live for today, and hope for a better tomorrow!
Who's having fun at Trivia tonight?
can you tell me more about the legislation
Rachel! Hi. I will keep my eye open for more rooster stories. Cockadoodadooo! :-)
“ ME ALLDAY, BY MYSELF, 1 PHONE, LOGGED OFF, WENT 2 SLEEP WOKE BACK UP LOG BACK ON STILL ROASTN HOES. AINT NOBODY HELP ME NIGGA'
bout to head to the school
Nothing like tripping on an afternoon stroll & breaking your flip flop to ground you. Thank you for the flip flops and memories.
got ur message. Will call u tomorrow.
Right?!? I was so frustrated last time he totaled my car when I had 3 payments left.
have a party but dont have time to cook no prob picosos has great party packs look us up on yahoo at picososmexicanfood.com
We're at #er45. Full house, exciting event ahead.
Didn't Florida just win a title in indoor Track?
I take local courses in Delco with a guy name Owen Biddle. He is a very experienced photography and has taught me a lot.
Always good to see my bro
ehm..."you scratched my CD" LOL but um its almost finished
thank you for following. #followingback!
Man, I love the typefaces in old movie title sequences. Wonder if anyone has spliced together clips of cool ones and put them on YouTube?
leaving it for my mom, then Michael, then u! :)
I got carded last week -- 2 weeks shy of my 36th.
11:11 wish. For you not To move. /:
special BIG bottle for you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>. Check your DM
hey follow back RT
Happy Birthday <3 :D
don't be, aint nothing to be scared of
yes Ellen will be sorely missed! Such a sad day for us.
If you love me, then fuck you. If you hate me, then fuck you.
Fast and easy for sending out links to info or keeping track of lots of people/info. Use my blog to post longer stuff.
Yeah, it's gotten to the point of "X is the new normal" and I couldn't let that slide. I think I'm done now too
thats ok. if u follow me again then ill follow you
lol awe alright as long as yu be gentle hahahaha
Tim Burton Show
#2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>11
What a Crazy day but what an awesome day!!
congrats on getting your twitter handle back....you can update your profile now. :-)
Just watched a coach call time out for her bench players, draw up a press break and then no1 went to inbound the ball =5sec call smh
#interviewtip DGE: see if your school has a job board where u can post ur resume. This is a great source & 1 that recruiters often check
is writing code to extract XML from the SASS journal db for an experiment in faceted navigation over 100 years of articles.
Please trend #HustlersWantAnswers we need to know whats going on right now.
Red Velvet cupcakes are the shit <3
Join the movement. LIFE.
Who has gym first block?
Had a great time at the Champions for Kids luncheon today! Kudos to my friend for putting it all together!
RT : Hey love....<< Hey gorgeous! How are you?
Thanks everyone for the follow!
I hate seeing happy couples.. -_-
Wasn't feeling well for a lil while. But I'm better now.
Dont worry Duffy I hear that even if she knew you she would act like she didn't. No loss
Bout to drop this math class shit smh
you guys will be in Super Bowl 46 pic
third time is a ˆ¨<U+2729>charm<U+2729>ˆ¨
Christmas in Cincinnati would be a treat. 2 real estate closings in NYC next week will keep me nearby. Travel plans for January?
Thanks for the retweet :)
Yesterday I learned that when the rototiller breaks, you should not continue by hand. Advil please...
Thank you! We are blessed and honored to be recognized alongside so many fine organizations.
That awkward moment when seems more sincere than o_0 #likewhatthehey you must be tired zach :P JK JK
you did a great job on live with kelly the other day..
. has slide showing funding boom and bust in IP social sciences research. Boom 2002; MASSIVE drop-off c. 2008.
Can we get a reunion performance from the Losers?
Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes
Crunch time! EEk!
Thank ya, Frank!
Then I have these annoying people behind being loud!
I gotta damn HEADACHE !
Follow Me Goddamn
Being an adult sometimes means turning down a whirlwind trip to NYC to go to the Caps/Rangers game at MSG. Boo.
Something new very soon in early 2012... stay tuned all our fans
I'm proud of it...why don't u go buy urself a self-esteem?
Happy, happy bday. Here's to a great year ahead for you :)
Shotgun recruiters should probably have to face a shotgun from time to time, so they learn not to like it.
Wish I was goin to Vegas for the fight this weekend
im so smart! (:
i miss you come back to AVMS. Bye DollFacce.<U+2665> #ILOVEYOU!
#WhatIMissMost is you scratchin my head till I fall asleep...
That is so exciting Katelyn! Congratulations!
Hipsters, hipsters everywhere...
Overheard: "Hi Mercedes, I have a Mercedes. It's a money hog, are you a money hog too?"
Roger is and always will be my fave! Inpires my soul. RT : HAPPY BIRTHDAY! ROGER CELEBRATES HIS 60TH MARCH 21, 2010
come back
Um, YES! RT You guys, next year we must start a conference called Museums & the Cats.
I cant come in because I woke up and I was in Atlantis. I have to walk back so it might take a while.
Cheese--milk's leap towards immortality. Clifton Fadiman
I used cloth diapers for about half a day....
All you have to do is mention the word "walk" and Bella's running towards the door.
Roger Clemens on the #UT sideline today. Wonder if he's got a little, you know, pick-me-up that he could give Malcolm Brown.
coming up 2nite! Master's talk, Rockets on a road tear & talks abt Master's & if he beliefs Tiger has lost "it". 2nite @ 8 pm
One day at a time.
Long day of practice quick break to watch 30 mins or Less then back to the grind #folgersyoutheshit!
I cant wait until schools over so i can go outside <U+2600><U+2600><U+2600>
I want a fruit cup O_o
hey mama...missing your baby?? Sweet!!!
. my friend who works in #wallstreet says his cell service was cut out early this evening. Network capacity issues or intentional?
or should i roll the dice with Steve Smith (CAR)?
hahahahahaha!! a very important addition
We are open NOW with hot ham & cheese sandwiches. Come on down & drink the shoveling pain away! 2nd & National streets are plowed
You and me both! Ever have "Piece of Cake" made by Perry's?
John: "You just got made fun of by the entire staff of Subway..." (Imani and Megan are not phased, continue dancing)
Wine Tweet-Up? Count me in! Just have to wait a few weeks til my work slows down - super busy right now!
Drove past heaven in the form of a quintessential playground.
I've got questions. Who's got answers?
#best90squotes "you got it dude "
That's ur Hoe that's my Hoe too
really wish when someone said "i'll be right over to pick that up... " they didn't mean many hours later
36 point font in an email is unnecessary.
So there is this guy, :D
DYK that having a loud server room really does affect storage performance? Turns out hard drives don't like loud noises while working.
i hope you get hit by a bus... and then it backs over you again .
"I am convinced that the fortunate individuals who achieve the most in life are invariably activated by ENTHUSIASM" --Norman Vincent Peale
A chicken in every Hot Pot
to do some swimming with the boys today in Cape Elizabeth...always a great time!
Spoiler alert Daniel bryan beats big show by DQ #NowCanYouDigThat !
My sisters communion was today(: I haven't been able to be on for a while and I've lost so many followers hahah :P
I never realized how good Big Sean is at rapping.
kim is goindropping the full Ether track this week ... Look out for that...
I just got back from an interview for my dream job. Now I wait. And wait. #IsItTooEarlyForBeer?
I'm glad you feel good about it. It'll take me a few days to work my way through them.
my good fans. they brought me to where i am now
Heading up the elevator to my first #pviff event! 25 floors up.
you are welcome
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABE ;D HAVE A BEAUTIFUL DAY!!!
Get off your phone an do work
The NBA is dead to me! (until game 2)
GOD OF CARNAGE closes this Sunday!
I Love Jordan Benker Because he has great music.
Walking around and gettin it lol
I loved it! I got it through and I am glad I did.
my uncle be drunk ass fuck
Gotta bad bitch , she look caucasian ...
Happy birthday Tony Parker only 30 years old! haha
you have heard of already, right?
hahahh that is so true hannah
They were playing in Chicago at the Riviera last night. Saw them a lot while in college. Love them!
here today.. Gone tomorrow.. Or Sunday (you get the idea)
OK twitter world - I need a good book to read. Suggestions?
yea just gotta bring my ipod in next time haha
We have ourselves a game!!! Great pass, Mr. Brady
be safe bro
Not true #MNPride #MPLS "If MN decided to secede & join Canada, I think most people in MN & the US would be cool with that"
Easter hop!
No... but if you're forced to watch it over and over again, you'll find it eventually grows on you. ;-)
I'm about take a few minutes to to recuperate.
I recommend Excedrin Migraine, even if it's a regular headache. And a good massage for the crick.
Congrats on the win Let's finish the season strong!! #SECsoftball Tourney is almost here
New puppies have been added to the AFH website. They are SO freakin' cute.
I GOTTA GET HER MAN SHE BADD
I hate when somebody asks me what's wrong and THEY ARE the problem.
Last night i had the most awkward moment of my life
gotta go cook meatloaf be back soon
So far, lots of talk about WHAT needs to change, not much on HOW...
I may pull a double with my girl today
I was just reading your bieberexperience and the whole time i keept saying "lucky girl!".
good point, kids are great detectors of body language, again, gotta be authentic
what's good with my boy vert tell that boy I said what's good
Dude, great times as always! Would love to help! Thanks for the info, I'll share! See you Wednesday.
So the dumb white Broad on #WorldStarHipHop needs to just be slapped. I feel sorry for her bc she looks like easy WHITE TRASH!
When the only person you want to talk to falls asleep<<
<U+2665> Night xo
Florida State AD on Big 12 rumors: 'We're committed to the ACC' - CBS Sports Found on Bing
jynnan tonnyx makes blurry, VHS pulp fiction better.
iPhone dying when you try to plug it in <<<<<<<<<<
Breakfast for a Champion
But never say I can't sell Pat where we at right now 3 mill? Who the best now? Okay leave me out of it. Tell me who the rest now?
Party scene I'm the black Charlie Sheen You fake people can't even be real for Halloween
when im done with millvale you can have it. no one takes my number. why weren't you at practice?
"Beautiful earrings, and what a wonderful seller! Definitely will buy from again" - Laura from Hudson, Ohio
thanks lol :P
if you're younger than 18, you are a baby! Lol yeah you could pass for a 19 year old :o
"These are some of the most talented successful widely read novelists who are writing today." -David Hosp We agree!
Excited to be part of the team!
I love you .
Iduno abt that one~Ya Mama jokes seem too Black, lol. Richard Pryor maybe ": "Yo Mama" jokes were invented by Shakespeare
As long as you don't leave your site as an orphan (a one-post hit and run), all things will be well.
Stupid Internet! F u
keep it coming (the heat) and thanks for the follow
Live in the NOW, but PLAN for the future and REFLECT upon the past for inspiration and wisdom.
didn&#39;t know you were comin by, blame Hope to see u soon.
Why can't we juss get alone anymre
good job, Mike!
Our projection is that Buddy Dyer will be reelected Mayor of Orlando, avoiding a runoff.
I am in so much pain... I'm also a dummy. And I wish you were here with us! Goin to universal tomorrow
I'm good lol
I'll do you one better. I'll bring as many people as I can AND be your best friend :P
“Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.” - Albert Einstein
DJing at Beech Street Parlor tonight! 9pm - 1am. Come on down!
If I tweet a whole bunch in one day, don't get concerned that I'm losing my mind. I'm not into concern.
We still have some dates in January & February we are booking on the West Coast! Tweet or email us! We want to come to your town!
Ah a tay swift song
Pastor Cara did a fine sermon this morning lamenting #gc2012. Very personal and reflective.
That's cool. (:
workin! let me know when your in the city and can catch up!
Anyone feel like drinking tonight?
how nice! thx so much!
the donations are not coming in as I need to support this cause I so deeply believe in. Through following your family i've..
Off for a quick trip to Dallas SFO >>> DFW
Nah dip, is that YOUR cat?
#3WordsOfAdvice pray every night
a tornado
Im guessing will be projected at DE
OMG. Going.
We're happy to bring that joy to you! How can we begin to get involved?!
Just came up with a (ridiculously simple) method to weigh the value of using certain hashtags over others. More coming soon...
Alright. Hah nope. But she might be the last week.
these are your salad days RT : Pretty sure the "salad" i just got has more calories than a bacon double cheeserburger
I'm obsessed with simsimi(:
I can make an angry emotional liberal call me names in 5 tweets. So typical. I dont like Rush. Ed should be fired.
Friends who give u vitamins care about u :)
The best player on the court, Royce White, is looking like he ate a big piece of humble pie tonight.
come to oscars and i'll make you an old fashioned!
GETTIN READY FOR A homecoming tonite is going to be a #GRAND nite
Sounds like you had a great visit this weekend!
the essence of modern technology is enframing.
Thank you!
Can't believe Ohio St. Lost
Not so fun :/ but I do get free Chinese food today for helping out a teacher yesterday so that's pretty awesome :)
Follow back (:
I wanna sleep ;xx
Peace that passes all understanding. An inexpressible and glorious joy... The Bible don't play, guys.
What to expect in the year of the Rabbit-- Astrologers project "quiet, positive and inspiring" things to come. Excellent time for arts.
is it gonna b on itunes??
good what about u
“Piracy is not the enemy, obscurity is.” – Tim O’Reilly
Making band posters to hang at Old Town School.
Bout to make sum moves
Going to the game tomorrow night !
It's Starbucks o'clock. Hey. I live in Seattle. Don't judge!
You're 100% right - next friday I get off "early" I'm calling you - you can join us to if you like ;)
I sit here starring at my phone wanting you to text me fighting the urge to text you first </3
Oh, HaPPY, HappY, HAppy DAY!
Dang, I'm PUMPED to play Bamboozle w/ and get some quality hang time with my brah Mission: Meet Dave Grohl COMMENCE!
Thanks for bringing your #SubaruWorkPlayLove Tour to Stash Tea! What a fun break from the workday for our employees!
Im new to twitter so thanks for following me!
JoelPett has every rt to do editorial cartoon. Free speech. Doesnt mean we have to like message. Came off as bitter, dumb. Who cares bout IU
I need a for sure yes or no for st pattys. #makingplans #buyingstuff :)
Moth plague!
Do you think helen keller can read lips? ..... Shes blind david!!!!! lmao!!!!
Happy to help!
Even were a cook to cook a fly, he would keep the breast for himself. Polish Proverb
Not enough jobs in San Diego Where are these jobs?? My husband is desperately trying to find a job
RT : This Bucs defense is so bad, Sarah Palin is able to see all the open receivers from her house in Alaska.
Come out to Chick-Fil-A at the Town Center today and a percentage of the sales will help benefit the UNF Society of Women Engineers.
No. Just no.
Off work finally chill time-- gotta pop a bottle of wine and run a bath
yes can't believe my eyes. Just stunned
YOU TAKE IT ON THE RUN BABY
i already told u
Just left an audition for 'Jockey' now time for lunch. What a beautiful day in LA!!
If we're in each other's dreams, we can play together all night
i see you, #pandora just making changes... lookin' good!
Do you smell that? It smells like episode 2 is near...
Same here!
it is cold in NY... Bring on that Miami Heat!
you're feeling better in time to crush some trivs tonight, yes?
Just did !!
So glad to have you make the little trip to the Tosa area! Worth the drive?
such a clever and green idea! Cheers
Can we start the #Clippers #Grizzlies game right now cause this #Heat #knicks game is a wrap
is my Bestest friend in the world!!!!
RT I just used #Shazam to discover Goin' Crazy by Natalie.
take care
it's little thing like this that excite me in life. The world will almost be perfect soon.
There always has been a black princess. Her name is Gisela Peay and she's the Vice-President of Humble Me Clothing!!!
I have another idea! Now sure how to privately share by tweet.
My mom is taking my dog to Indianapolis with us for a wedding because she can't leave her at home.
Kush is my cologne
UGGH I BETTER GET OFF FOLLOWING LIMIT SOON OR I WILL HIT TWEET LIMIT ALSO....
Alright na wtf is jerome doing
Fresh out if the box, lays a hit on the offensive zone.
game winning goal will be scored by Andrew Luck
It's Paris. I just send out a email blase, twitter, facebook, resident advisor. Fyi.
I am a longtime Gibson player. This news gives more reason to stick with my 71 Les Paul. You are better than that
Time to clean dishes badly after being out most of the day...eck!
Yes I'm ice moco chocolate. I love my skin color cause I get to many complmnts
Do we really mean "open to all"? Commerce? Everyone? Some say YES! Some say Yes, but...we need more discussion.
I want Meryl Streep to live forever.
lmao... I'm in GA. I fight for my life all the time.
Holy shit, is doing 'Taking Pictures Of Girls Naked' as his final scene!! That shit is going to be TO live! I'm AMPED!
RT : Thank you friends for RTs, mentions
when people are so nosey & read what im writing on my phone from behind me. mind your business & i know your reading this bitch.
OMG HI! LMAO i was so shocked wen i saw ur tweet!
Hi, tweeps, any of you with direct experience of making or using iBooks? Getting questions from a high-level library patron.
Hahaha, should have followed them :p Glad you got to meet them though! :')
where will chuu be at in texas snooki!
Thank you for the thoughts & prayers from
Why don't you follow me? I'm starting to say Never.
omg me too he is the best thing that has happened in the music industry!
how are youu?(:
MagForce AG hires Christian von Volkmann as Head of Finance
I love when geno runs up and jumps on my bed to cuddle #puppylove <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Use your stainless steel water bottle at practices & games to save money, America’s energy resources & the environment with
Rangers with their 1st power play.
We can make our plans, but the Lord determines our steps."~Proverbs 16:9
Going over philosophy notes for the final tomorrow and so much of it is on war tactics. I feel like I'm preparing to join the army...
congrats again to you & cory!
Hey there, glad you're being proactive! Not at the moment, but we're noting your interest. What're your particular interests?
yeah duhh stephen
Am I the only person that thinks #pinterest is pointless and takes no #creativity at all?
Would be great to see you, Chris!
Nice. I'll have to hit you up when I go back out there.
only a few of us are alumni. We just make the kids step it up!
You seriously need to tweet more...
well I kinda wanted to walk to the cannery after school :o
He's playing WR too? RT : Big K-Mo bulldozes his way into the end zone for a score! 7-7, 9 minutes remain in the first quarter.
My daughter just became an official tweeter-You are AWESOME kiddo! :)
I'm finding tea more restorative than coffee. One cup of yunnan jig and I'm ready to work!
#IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake Harry styles will you go with me :) <33
I'm not saying go back to Old School..Im just saying make Good music..Not just beats with Words on Top
good girl re: #running, pastries. The deadline will wait.
Follow us for a cool new crowdfunding web app! Coming soon...
thanks for playing virtual may day. *ring* here is your basket of tulips
the mamba CAN push off the ankle!
This was my day yesterday...I <3 peanut butter & jelly, I <3 hamburgers, I <3 hummus, I <3 chocolate, wait for it... I LOVE FOOD. The end.
aww so adorable! =)
i love you austin!!! your amazing im a proud mahomie!
I think he invites himself.
you can get a copy of our #Sephardic #cookbook at the #OVS #Gift #Shop!
Eh, I can do better.
#NCIS well at least I will get to see tonights show cuz I missed it the first time around. now to wait 3 hours to see it.
It's not that I give up on everything I try, it's just I haven't found my true passion. Although lately I think I finally found it.
Me and cuttin up. Stay tuned for videos.
Keynote Remarks at U.S.-China Relations Conference
We can't wait! RT : Who is ready to play #scvngr at #heweb11? Besides me
I quoted a tweet, sorry, but you always get a hug! (((Debbie & Alicia))) been busy at work, do I haven't been online much.
"What Do You Know?" is so painfully unfunny, yet I can't stop listening.
RT : "God doesn't always give us a blueprint for our lives, but he always gives us a next step."
Order sent to Ryan in Australia!
Of course Eddie Crawford would be bigger than Junkyard Dog. He was bigger, blacker and badder. Bad as in awful
tweetdeck is just another way to look at Twitter. Looks interesting and provides a clean view
i hope my package comes tomorrow!
Yeah. Just made the one post so far. Need to break out the camera and take some pics.
I woke up because i worked a swing shift in las vegas. I saw people running from the pentagon and my phone ringing.
I HATE CONDOMS”
I keep my eye on the prize. And by prize, i mean any hollow object in which to vomit.
Ok, we'll keep you in mind thanks! :)
William Giraldi's BUSY MONSTERS is dynamic.
If you really need a doc, do go. I just made an appt myself, though I hate it.
you are i didnt know i try to come visit :)
Incredible that many vis. impaired/blind individuals have keen sense of spatial distance -e.g., moving hand 4 inches to right.
Watching the
ya..that's the plan now... how early r u guys going on? Do u know yet? Will there merch?
Now watch me you!
Can you mention the bigoted attacks on his religion by Charles M. Blow and Joan Walsh?
I def want to check out Marie Louise. U pick another.
Blowing this up.
“: I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot. ~Marilyn Monroe”
Follow us on Twitter:
Enjoying a day of rest after and before a hectic week...
#SALUTE to my nigga
Oh my! I'd just like some consistency! It's totally making me unstable.
Ok well I just wanna make sure everything is alright between you to thats all.
it's our pleasure!
If adversity builds character, then I'm one freakin' overflowin' bucketload of character!
Somebody needed to tell her because obviously Bozo didn't know.....and you said that with class.
Forecast for Today: Cloudy in the morning. Becoming partly cloudy. Highs 63 to 68. Light winds becoming west 15 mph...
Sounds DOPE! I'll be there!
Reason to use #socbiz : "email can't be sustainable... 1 week off & outlook has crashed! (>250 MB of new email in 1 week"
UMC trauma on west charleston
Compiled Spotify playlist over the weeks. Totally paying off as cleaning motivation music!
We can finally euthanize Christopher Plummer.
yesterday was a long day.. haha
You're looking good, man!
Enough with the men...lets get back to the women on the red carpet!
All that is gold does not glitter, Not all those who wander are lost.-J.R.R. Tolkien (via )
LOVE that is tweeting excerpts from diary of OU's first female graduate !
Not yet...you have someone in mind? RT : Did you fill the position yet?
YES!!! I wouldn't mess with you like that.
dude, you don't even know how much I hate it.
So a standard pour is two chicken fingers of whiskey?
in Toronto and looking forward to working with the this week for our performance Thursday!
"A super fun read, like going to Six Flags with Zooey Deschanel." - Kitty Glitter () on FIFTY SHAMES OF EARL GREY.
Just got asked if I was a drug dealer lol gotta love Finksburg MD lol
Makin Ghost Cupcakes!!
I never had much to loose I am afraid ;)
I tried not to!;D I aimed. Haha.
I haven't ate all day .
I like boyzzzzzz
Just voted for you guys(;
is that 7pm EST & do we need to register online to participate in the call?
Whitney is the only sitcom which I watched an entire episode of and never even CHUCKLED. Chuckles bit the dust.
I need to kiss Zayn,Liam,and Niall in this. Life time.
Obviously, I don't have any data to back that up. However, with the lack of general interest, unfortunately, it wouldn't shock me.
being a dad is crazy & great. Busy w/ design jobs and slowly recording new music. Iowa?
Experience the oldest Italian restaurant in Brooklyn at Monte's!
But Aren't U A Girl lol
I'm busy sitting on my couch contemplating what I should make for lunch
How would we go about that? please email me at
RT : RT : Update - Penn Av SE - bulk of fire knocked - checking fro extension - cutting utilities
It is piracy, not overt online music stores, which is our main competitor. - Steve Jobs
Why am I so exhausted?
What percentage of all NFL "stuff" sold bears the ID of the Dallas Cowboys?...24%...Whoa! No wonder Jerry Jones hates to share the revenue.
Today has been great! Got so much accomplished! I just wish I could cheer Tim up.. :/
Hate how all the Americans think they know everything about 1D now. No you's don't.
The White Sox finally have some good commercials. Nice catch Rios.
From one of my favorite Yacht Rock songs: "Lube, look what you've done to me. I never thought I'd fall again so easily."
You have to vote for ! pretty please with sugar on top! He would be great for your Knoxville show!
Hey man - thanks so much! and I are excited about possibilities. Really awesome of you to keep us in mind!
That Haworth girl who changed my life, inspired me, and taught me to chase my dreams. I will never ever stop supporting Liz. <3.
that's great! glad to hear it went well--now you can relax for the rest of the event!
Yeah I thought bot nuke was for us. And I'm sure it was. It also conveniently paved the way for more $$$ from Spins.
Everyone jersey shores on
No mention of cricket but I hear Australian Govt issued an arrest warrant for founder of Wicketleaks website! Not original but made me laff!
I have to do better this week. I just realize from Wed to Yesterday I had 15 drinks. This can NOT be.
It's Friday! Time for crafts!
It's FRIDAY!! Keep your weekends going #hangover free with Closing Time!! Find out where to buy at www.afterclosingtime.com!
Love is Strong
Just got my cap and gown. Ahh(:
Chicago or not to Chicago?
Thatssss not what I heard, I heard its hard AF.
Our software vendor requires dbo permissions for all users of their production DB; I shall now stick my head in an oven . . .
SHE WILL <3333
Good things come to those who wait, but great things come to those who go out there and get it.
Happy Mother's Day, beautiful. Enjoy this great weather. =)
look in the mirror
i hate boys that beg... #turnoff <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085>
Ask Jeff Foxworthy for his opinion.
this is such a cute idea:)
By the way, mind that URL if at work. Veering toward NSFW.
So Bungie is taking the George Lucas approach to Halo and making Halo 4 the first of a new trilogy. Yeah, that worked for George...
Nothing like some #PrettyLittleLiars before the birthday festivities begin (promptly at 5:30, according to )
karma! I just put Sorcerers Apprentice in! ;p
"Man do I love Pete Brewer."-- Absolutely No One
Come on, only a Mom or Spouse can do this one: National Love a Littigating Lawyer Day. Hmm...guess the client loves em too when they win!
Polamalu isn't the face of the franchise.
"Do something today that your future self will thank you for." :-)
Eating some Ambasha for the first time. A bro is happy now.
Hey guys let's get some #FF going and help us spread the word!
Sometimes, the flip side of doing exciting things is not being able to sleep at night. Warning: #dreams can cause
S/O to one of the most amazing women in my life... for getting her new job
Thanks for the retweet, And I actually should have known the answer to that since I did get my news from this a.m.
Just tryna take my art worldwide ya feel me!
MY NEW SINGLE "ALMOST THERE" NOW ON ITUNES VIA www.cdbaby.com/cordellakajc
Beware of information overload. It can really squash your creativity.
what's going on man. We met at that Penup even last month. I'd like to connect with you. Give me a shout.
Time for me to drop that ass off
talk about the pebble watch :)
So happy to have the day off!!! Best feeling ever!
oh your cute.... i should call my bf a fagg too huh? -___-
Love it keepem coming.....
how can I "renew my account" as a free account if the free option is disabled?
Indeed. I would have thought you were behind the youarelistening.to project.
RT : Jerry Reese said David Wilson was the second RB ranked on the Giants' draft board.
“: Happy birthday to my amazing friend !!!! Enjoy your day, & turn up for me!!” < aw thanks g!
i am! I kno i am!(gotti)
when is it coming?
thanks for coming to the show last night!!
I am a snow magnet!!-ck
"Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning." Bill Gates, Chairman and former CEO, Microsoft
left for the #digitour2012 today! Can't wait for people to see him drum for !
about to get some homework done realquick
Random thought du jour: How did the parents of the 1st baby ever born know to cut the umbilical cord?
Jeff Gordon captures his 71st career pole (191.623) after run at Talladega
Ugh. Dad freaked out last night because he thought someone was breaking in. Mom called the cops. Turned out to be nothing . Ugh.
thanks Mister!!!!
Everyone follow these AMAZING mahomies ------> and :D
I hate myself.
Ah, Monday. Here's something to cheer you up: our new US Editor for Religious Studies is on Twitter () and has an excellent blog!
The route will inevitably expand. Would rather see more hours than miles added in the short-term!
Contest details up in a few..
Have I mentioned lately that is a rockstar?! Sweetest rockstar you'll ever meet.
If muscle confusion is what makes P90X work, I'm guessing The Situation's regimen consists of showing his abs a book.
Cool. I think you're brilliant and we should do something together soon!
Bad thing now is everything's growing like crazy. Good thing is it's only around 80. It's a whole other universe of suck in July-September.
Trash Day. Let's put our stories and excuses in the garbage where they belong, and get something big, new and different accomplished today!
#e2conf feels like a lot of preaching to the choir. I want to hear less "why" and more "how".
Tied to my bed. Hopefully they won't bite through the restraints.
Begin each day with a healthy breakfast. It fuels your metabolism and starts your healthy eating habits for the day.
A bone to the dog is not charity. Charity is the bone shared with the dog, when you are just as hungry as the dog. Jack London
#RIPANGEL SHE WILL ALWAYS BE IN OUR HEART!! <33 :'(
To get a bottle opener in my room I had to pay $2.50 for a cheap church key and $4 room service charge.
i acctually have no idea! hahah :)
#YouKnowYouDumbWhen You ain't got D-Rose on your team and you still playin to win.
okay!! Calm down
Trying to get chores done so I can go to Downers Grove tomorrow!
This walking dead is crazy
That was
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Kaiser Gates °Rising 10th °Johns Gates, GA °Travel Team: Southern Kings °Small Forward 6’6
Evaluation"Systems" are a technical solution to an "adaptive" challenge. Where is the journey/conversation?
Hey thanks for the message.looking forward to meeting you.The Pumpkin cup cakes are going fast!So get in here quick!
I am fortunate indeed!
even worse, has even less and less sci fi. With #BSG gone, #Eureka ending. Looks like I'll be getting sci fi from the web
Feeling a bit better about the #thesis after crunching some numbers.
i'm suing him now
sounds exciting! Sending good luck to your son!!!
Can. Not. Wait.
SUCH a good place :)
RIP MCA. Blast it loud all day!
yea! Its like bbm for smart phones! Download it now please!
Treat your taste buds today with a Cinnamon Apple Manhattan at Beta. Cinnamon-infused Four Roses Yellow bourbon and homemade apple syrup!
showed me a nipple today , i was happy :)
has both - shoot me the details:
ok for sure! Didnt know you woulda came to show some luv! :P
Definitely missing tonight, though. She'd have killed these themes.
At Perry's steak house :)))
I really like what we have. Please don't leave me.
I'm the most indecisive person I know. I think. Maybe. Maybe not...
looking back on memories <
I WISH I COULD QUIT YOU! RT : That and I hate you.
Can't get enough of PBS. Love the cooking shows esp the ones w/ Julia Child :)
Smoke to much
whenever I mention someone on twitter I always get like 5 unfollowers
Thanks... Will Do
Caldecott Medal goes to A Ball for Daisy. crowd seems pleased.
it's a Passover miracle.
I'm hearing wonderful things about #TheGrey!! Looking forward to catching it!
7-0! Ronnie and Messi all tied up at 43 once again. Order has been restored. Messi now within 2 of Müller's 67!
Damn thang rubbing me the wrong way lol
petfinder is crack for people who don't have pets... i want to adopt all of them!
Sign on door of the Pavlov Research Institute: Please do not ring bell.
You're an idiot, Bobert.
thanks, hadn't gotten around to reading it yet.
I was stung by a bee today. No clue when that happened.
/All did you get this sarah if so you should be the only one
Dream big
Did you know a whole house humidifier can make a dry 69F feel like 72F. Saving you $$ & also helping eliminate dry throats & skin.
sadly yes and if the Giants win I lose more.
And again, you can honestly tell me folks wanted to see an arm wrestling match. The fans are chanting this is stupid. Nice!
My fave fratstar is absolutely <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> ...I just love him #birthdayboy <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Why you gotta call me out? :( RT Some people truly have no life.
Read an article that is claiming bankruptsy so I bought donettes this am to help
really enjoyed your post. It is always good to get a reminder to slow down and enjoy life
could you please follow ? their big fans and that would mean the world to me ! :)
That's a tough thing to do sometimes
Idk man... Ali's pretty perfect. Get it . If it doesn't work out, halla atcha girrrll. ;) what? Yolo
So True! RT - Best night of baseball I'll probably see in my lifetime! Reality TV at its finest. #mlbplayoffs .
So nice to meet you, too, Chelsey!
are you workint on RIPD? Im inside the house of blues right now watching them film
im home call me
Brontë goes Broadway: Jane Eyre, the musical, in New Paltz - Almanac Weekly
Thats crazy! ANd no one stands with my plan. Thery just smile and say "good" and dissappear
"There can be no higher law in journalism than to tell the truth and to shame the devil." Walter Lippmann
your pic looks amazing! Thank you so much for sharing.
Let's all do something soon!
Important to remember Republican party funded with huge sums of money from Wall Street. They use it to buy candidates/brainwash membership.
There's just something that I need from u..
You dont have to be a smartass about everything, bitch.... smh....
Also, re: FitSmart #10, as predicted in the first minute of the podcast, I indeed cannot walk today. :p
hello!! :-) love my #bcbgeneration!
Distance don't make a heart fonder. Fuck whatchu heard money -_-
Well Damn!!! If you can't build a website or develop my vision just say your skills is weak and save my time!!!!!
can I please get a shoutout? :)
thanks!!! Im excited (:!
Watching him twist himself into pretzels to defend bounties is funny. He could have kept that foolishness to himself
Haha! No you're not! But I think I know what it might be and why they keep doing that... Will tell you over the phone :)
Heading over to Mayor's press conference celebrating one yr anniversary of
To quit smoking is the easiest thing. I ought to know. I've done it a thousand times. ~Mark Twain
and going to continue changing exponentially from here on... Have you noticed how older teens are already not "digital natives"?
Such a beautiful day!!!! Enjoy family!
Prayers for you and your dear friend.
Dang, pippa Middleton is a gangsta!
What'd you think of our Kentucky Breakfast?
through text u cant get a true feel of the other person's emotions.
Putting on skinny jeans is a mission with this puertorican booty
"H2O:Supply and Demand" playing this Sunday as part of November Film Slam, 1pm. Come out and show support!
are you arguing for the indoctrination theory then? What went over my head?
It's just this too much wine and also my biological clock talking tonight...
no wait!
Hopefully, this weekend! I'm holding out for the 3D.
Like my nigga. Soulja slim said " if I want it I'll pay for it !"
better screen, better built, better design. no reason for me to upgrade from Note or Galaxy II. Just a specs war now.
which of the remaining roller derby announcing dates on your docket are you most excited for?
The soundtrack to the movie Drive is pretty solid
I been cheating on Facebook and Twitter with Instagram. Lol
ah so We Have our hands on the newest Gnarski Track! It will be going up tonight! <3
It has to be a phone that supports Windows Mobile
im so tired its crazy....i wish i didnt have to go to skool so i can sleep all day
On standby for News4 after #CapsBruins game, OT 3-3. is at the game, Let's hope it ends NOW, Go Caps
Its about to go down
The new girl at work looks just like you and has my name. Crazy stuff.
Hey ! Thanks for the follow! Welcome to the Twitterverse
Immortal Technique now on stage at May Day rally in Union Square. Says no need to welcome Occupy back. They never left.
.RT : Beware the Freudian typo: "I'm attaching aversion of this paper..."
Anouk - Nobody's Wife: via
Not a problem Im One of the biggest artist/host out here in oklahoma and ive heard your name when i went to forth smith 2 host
I just love Selena Gomez, why should I explain something? IT'S MY FUCKING CHOICE, HATERS.
The new freelancers keep bringing in new business. And even though I miss my sleep, I'm grateful for the work :)
& it's crazy that oomf thinks I don't knooo ! Why you think I be acting the way i do ?
Hello Twitter. I have ignored you so much lately, and I apologize. I'll try to keep up with you better. Love, Andrew.
So lucky!! I'm not getting to come to watch any of the shows, but I would love to! You and have an awesome time<3
follow me
Enjoy limobus discounts with the California Express VIP Card on call now to join 619.226.1121
Yes! Headed home for a long break over Christmas. Any chance you'll make it up to our neck of the woods?
Game of Thrones ringtone. I am now officially a geek.
that. felt. amazing. oh, , I've missed you so.
I wonder why they rushed the announcement? I agree it should have been said a long time ago...but glad it's out there now
That's what my daughter is in too. :-) ": in 2 months Haily Hawes will be starting college and taking forensic psychology/Crimin...
thanks for everything this week and the RT!!
Every perceived hurt is an opportunity to be bigger than yourself & experience true understanding of the other person & bestow forgiveness.
The austerity forced down our throats by the Republicans will destroy the fragile recovery by killing jobs when we need to be making them
... rooting for the Storm.
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams
Hubby made the switch w/ me this week & loves it! RT : q1: i want dh to cut back on dark meat, he loves it so much
I am listening to Rich Appel's The Rest of the Week on WRNJ Hackettstown
Watching some Sunday night
Like ..RT : "In order to attain the impossible, one must attempt the absurd." - Miguel de Cervantes
Lets put an end to that
When thinks I'm the reason my sister is crying..
How tight would it be to connect the AppleTV to my iPhone hotspot so Sabriyah can finish this episode?
faanks for the heart!
sounds like a great topic. Looking forward to everyone's insights during today's chat.
NOTING SAME NOTHING**
If your going to yell me. Be prepared for what I have to say back.
Never has a NFL player been so sad to score a TD in the Superbowl.
One of those sit at home and chill alone weekends #ncaa12 all night
Just met Paul Williams, Pres & Board Chairman of ASCAP. Here for debut of a biopic film abt him. Shared info abt of course.
home alone. bored.
Hope you had fun!! Not very happy they won but they are a great team! I will say that!
Love is like a plant, it takes time to grow but when you stop caring for it, it slowly dies...
How can you not love ?
by eight and that's how tall your
John's ready to go ... Waiting for Luai, our team captain.
Thank you to my family, friends and supporters for braving the elements tonight. Both events were a success!
Another busy day! Showing some potential tenants a rental prop I have listed, visiting Meghann & Garrett, work at my rental prop, then home!
whatchu talking about daily ramblings?! I am an efficient, focused machine!
It's about time to pack up and go home. Looking forward to a 3 hour drive home with 4 Middle School Students.
Thx for replying. Love to know why you raised your passionate hand. Do share / tell.
Lmao a car meet that consists of nothing but Hondas is known as a "beehive". Anyone know why?x)
The sharp knife of a short life. Well, I've had just enough time.
What omg I'm about to start bawling. I can't handle this.
without question,
Looking for a great gift for that special somone? www.darksideshields.com
Walt Grace's Submarine Test, January 1967 is friggin insanely awesome
I can't decide if I like Ricky or not I can't figure out his deal
enjoy!! “: We're live from the red carpet at #genesisawards!”
Hokay, ate that frog and it tasted god! Let's get on with the rest of the day, shall we?
This gives them an opportunity to tryout for the NFL. Well we got the field at 4:30 so my daughters soccer team will play
If you have no voice, SCREAM. If you have no legs, RUN. If you have no hope, INVENT -Alegria
thanks for checking it out!
Happy Easter Bud!
Pretty much downtown Milwaukee and the Third Ward. Expanding delivery areas soon!
interested to hear the journal's response! being a reviewer is a great experience...
Miss my boyfrand like whoa <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I thought it was 5pm and its only 12! holy shit!
No worries. RA drops tom., then the natural next step for u is world domination, so its in my best interests to be on ur side.
switch teams? Nah I still like the sox
Excited to be part of the #smbmad event this morning!
Got lunch plans? Anthony's house-made taquitos and our Mexican Chopped salad join forces for a perfect lunch.
Did I just look up "boyfriend justin bieber cover" on youtube???
yeah this country is pretty cool lol
lucky you I wish I got a follow/tweet from James
Going to see Nicci Claspell tonight sing some tunes!!
Gators upset incoming
Root Beer for the win! Now we should all go celebrate by drinking one!
Fellow actor is following you. Good luck in your ventures
let's hang out soon<3
Got my wisdom tooth removed yesterday and I just feel like shit :/
Watching possibly the most hilarious episode of #ModernFamily I've ever seen.
I feel our society has advanced enough that we should be able to agree on the number of belt loops a pair of pants should have.
LeBron shouldn't do anything. He could cure cancer at this point and get criticized for not doing it sooner.
Won't commit so we choose to run away.
Long Beach Pizza Co. on Broadway: good pizza, cheap beer, and hot servers!
there's not much that's funnier than watching 50 PR people trying to deal with a bird loose in the office.
For the amount we pay for broadband, it sure cuts out a lot. i think thats every night this week now.
cocktail tomorrow?
lmfaooo music loud neighber comes! "turn it down!" "Fuck Off"
America does have.talent!!!.dude.with the red box is cold!!!!
Strangers can become best friends, as easily as best friends can become strangers.
"Dare You To Move" just came on Pandora, and I swear I almost threw up when my mind immediately reverted to my youth group days...
We gift each other when we listen to each other without speaking what we think until we are asked.
good luck...i get #allergies in the #saline pool if i dont use a #noseclip..but nothing worse!!
I'm finally out of class ...then work at 3
#ImHappyWhen i can sleep in, because we don't have school. (:
what is that?
Saw the orange line train stopped in its tracks past vienna as I drove in today
Afternoon alredy, cnt believe mah house is dizz bad xc calling ppl to come nd help me out
I can't tell you exactly what's being discussed on the mound, but it involves the word "lawyerball" and lots of four letter words.
Just booked tickets to MN to see my new niece. SO EXCITED!
Happy mothers day to all the mothers
#ThatMiniHeartAttackWhen your crush texts you.."Hey I have something to tell you.." :))
Dude, a lot of family shit going on today :P Not used to it though, but a lot of family members that i miss are coming.
Eating a salad ( :
hahaha yeah,you're right! <U+2665>
Its not ok. I don't do that to you.... EVER!
What do you guys think about the new new Twitter? Or is it the new new new Twitter?
Ya know..shout outs wouldnt be bad. (:
nice shoes, wanna ....! Lame pick up lines lol
or dont say anything
Curiosity is what gets me out of bed.
Sick with jealousy at all my friends at the APAICS gala now with
You've heard of , but if you haven't downloaded it, do so now. Music, easy, free.
amazing. trying to recharge today though
lmao nah sis it's Ace Hood new mix tape but what you was about to cook?
Avoid Burnside in West Hills its flooded
does that shit actually work?!
why yall say we might lose the whole season
haha I'm digging the avi
I spent 1 hour and 45 minutes Bicycling. 1,356 calories burned.
I need some Greeks who want to participate in a step show.. $1000 prize.... Dm me for details
no disrepsect you said you were hungary so i said eat mami eat smh u cray cray
Do you overshop in response to stress, loss, or trauma?
Finding my fellow grocery shoppers so rude & inconsiderate. Can barely imagine how challenging the employees must find them.
some people should tweet more often...
People of the MPLS! It is Friday, it is beautiful and I'll be taking a call on the patio, but after that we should hang!
No tweet about motivation Monday?
Can't believe that call..
Did they just boo Blake? Wha?
Some Veuve Clicquot and Woody Allen for New York New Year's Eve...
thanks for the support! We cover the & try 2 cover EPL/Champions league as much as we can.
listening to #UnderandOverIt intense face melting at work
*Dolphin noise*
KILL EVERYBODY
that works, i get company
Oh please god no! A friend's parents had a VHS of this we found in jr. high. We watched it on acid. I'm scared to this day
Our a/c's been fixed, fewww.. I would've hated wearing that sweatband around my nuts, lol
30-Year Milestone for Letterman, but Little Instinct to Look Back
The American Kennel Club wants an archivist? I totally imagine a processing room bedecked in red velvet & a mandatory smoking jacket.
saw 4G in my 4s status bar. Wish it really was 4G and not LTE.
Include us in a Follow Friday and we'll include you in ours!
If you dont aknowledge my precence, I will find you. I will rape. And I will keep the child.
#violence is always the answer
I'd say too much tweeting is when you can't see others' tweets.Twitter feeds should be balanced like newspapers:)
I used a neti pot for the 1st time. Boiled the water like mad after article about amoebas the other day. Drug-free health tools, love it!
alright, sounds good.be careful.
Got some COOL Caroline Kole updates on the way!
That's so sweet of you to do. Mothers are so important and I believe Mothers Day should be everyday! Cheers!
Weak minded muthafuckas do weak shit intelligence is better than anything
I would not want to be in the #Packers locker room at the half. They should be losing, and better make some adjustments.
Although I agree many of his views are extreme and some are implausible.
the world will never know how much I love you.
Sexy sax man on America's got talent. Reminds me of
i can't. i do not have a phone. you can text or leave a message at 774-277-9202 RT : hit my cell
Well trying to tell your state that your largest city and the only city that actually makes you a decent state is a fail too
They say stop chasing her... But isn't anything worth having, worth fighting for?
I feel bad for all the little babies being carried around by the super hippies at whole foods
ya LOL i'm sure this convo is uninteresting to everyone else on here haha
good thing they brought you back, I would have missed you
YAY!! You going to be around?
I like you anyway. can we find a common ground in 60 degrees and sunny?
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. ~William James
Bigg Weezy do'n the damn thing on the 41 n Gardena. C Comedy and live entertainment
And now eloy... Love times two
:O i can't believe it.
why my lil sister ask me about logic? smfh. that nigga not seein us!
I want Hey Arnold's room!
Enjoyed "Sharp Dressed Man (Live)" by ZZ Top on Pandora
you're welcomee :)
It's cold as a witch's titty in a brass bra....... DAYUM!
4D: LONG LINE; CRIMENES; VICTIM FIGHTS BACK
Just added a great basic skin care travel kit. Limu facial cleanser and ginseng mineral toner included.
21 days left of school. Ugh hurry up
#ThingsIHate My job & the fact that my parents are my boss's.
Dr. Alvita King on #Hannity tonight...ugh. Where is my desk to bang my head on?
Thx for the RT from a fellow Chi-town nutrition & wellness expert!
LOLCAT! He thinks that group work is the best.
PACERS -VS- MAGIC | ESPN
Yay! I owe you a hug for all the retweeting you do for me. :)
Every time I'm listening to a song, I make up a music video in my head.
I could care less on how the #NBA ruins itself.
I feel like the dude at Buffalo Wild Wings is hitting the button during Rangers-Capitals. Dude moved the net for Ovechkin & Henrique
I love you Tabby!!! i miss u! <3
about 20 feet down the hall....lol
It's kinda neat to think of Jack Bauer as part of our pop culture legacy.
well you can pat my brofro if u want lol.
#SometimesYouHaveTo ride the dick like its being discontinued...
I HATE that I read that excerpt!I have now confirmed what I suspected thru most of the book!I am about3/4thru so maybe...
Yo S/o to one of my favorite bands Defintiely support their music! And Thanks for the follow guys!
You're welcome. Let us know what you end up with.
smh i didnt get a invite cousin
Going to the hardware store... Would it be too much to wear a flannel shirt?
well ill be there. Just gotta find something to wear now.
Time to get some writing done
Awesome weather to eat lunch on a pier right by the most beautiful beach.....only at Pineapple Willy's! SMILE BIG!
Justin looks so bangable rn. he always does...
fruit loops > class
So...what do YOU do when the lights and sound both go out right before your matinee?
HEY , I'M GONNA TYPE IN ALL CAPS JUST TO ANNOY YOU! IS THAT OKAY W/ YOU, DUDE?
Officially the first person to hashtag
Idk why I'm so emotional tonight. Itz weird. Smh.
We're #HIRING an Executive Recruiter!!! Call me @ 813-379-3700 if interested.
RT “Description begins in the writer’s imagination, but should finish in the reader’s.” <U+2015> Stephen King, On Writing
are you dating Zayn? don't lie.
shit sounds easy.
Excited to be back in the classroom today. Showing kids how to screencast and create a YouTube channel on there Apps account.
When you don't have to do shit after school >>>>>
RanRan lookin at her reg like "ur my little secret and that's how we gone keep it" lol
Had a great shoot with this morning
#SoListenIn1Day IM SO EXCITED!
How Louboutin Gets the Ladies Kisses!
Good morning. Make sure you know what's on your credit report. Go to Annualcreditreport.com for a free credit report once a year.
thanks so much for following me :)
so great! doesn't happen nearly enough!
Best PG : Derrick Rose Best SG : Ray Allen Best SF : Lebron James Best PF : Dirk Best Center : Dwight Howard
omg u were so young the last time i saw u now ur a teenager!
I'm pretty sure I just grossed everyone out.
#WeWereCoolUntil U asked Me Was That My Kid Cuz We Both Light skinned LOL
"True" by Spandau Ballet is now the new anthem for this tournament....that ad keeps running and running all day long
The fact that Wiz is in Payphone by Maroon 5 is quite humorous. He rips it tho
Btw, if you don't know who is?!? Get the fuck familiar. Excuse my French. They're making some wonderful music. Seriously.
i knowww :/ i really wish i wasnt confused though like should i jsut order the meetngreet pass now or wait till i understand
#InMyMoment..so excuse me while I get myself together lol
RT Cars, Crayons and Cracker Jacks is out! If you don't know T. Kelly and are in the auto biz, you should connect
you don't need an invite - come see us anytime :) thx for the reco
WTH . . . I let my brother use my shampoo and it's half way gone? He's bald . . .
SO excited to get in the hospital and finish our video! It is turning out so beautiful!
We had that tho.
This is my thumbs up in response! :)
Friend's birthday party with fantastic homebrew, jam band, fire pit, good food, and projector screen set up in the backyard.
Eek, less than an hour till Vampire Diaries! I was a little underwhelmed last week, but I'm hopeful for this week! Happy Thursday!
Reason 2: The developers or engineers can write the documentation. If you cant wait – send a request and receive the full list now
It might be time for bed....
": The most precious possession that ever comes to a man in this world is a woman's heart."-Better know what to do with it!!
Just had a 20 min convo with my Dr re. electronic medical records. Verdict: Lack of standardized data formats makes easy problems hard.
Thanks for following us!
Now I remember how I become so fiercely independent. My mother used to promise and forget to sign field trip permission slips. Never changed
I was evil because it was whack. Not my type of crowd at all..Makes me miss NY and Vegas! Lot better selection
Truly awesome atmosphere at Livestrong Sporting park. Best sports atmosphere I've seen in a while. putting on a show.
The DOOSH rocked last nite. Great club! We will be back there soon.
haha yeah(: really fun to talk to in person XD
COCO LOUNGE TONIGHT!!! ON MY WAY TO DRINK MY ASS OFF!!!
"True..: I'm not watching but how many calls are the thunder getting? Cheaters."
u coming to our game?
people still don't get it.
My students did great auditions today. Moving on from Commercials now to Film and TV next week - away we go!
RT : Sunset on after some was the best Wednesday I've had all summer.
After tonight will go into "college football" withdrawl symptoms ... have to start watching ESPN Classics.
Arizona loves Mitt...wow
plus there's always a possibility they might change the plane scheduled to make your flight(s)
:were and when
if it makes u feel better, I just ate doritos & m&ms for lunch!
can some tell me how to get some pics
boyfriend is ANOTHER AWESOME SONG. it shows you're a true singer and it has a new side. LUVIT. <3
Thanks for the follow!!! Good to connect w ya on here!! Rock on!!
thnx, jen! now revisions.
I didn't know I had so many facebook friends who loved the Beastie Boys. RIP MCA
No matter wat u do¡! U won't take my dignity a way! BlaH ya beeyutch!!
670 miles to Nashville!
File buying ice under "shit I don't like to do"
Check out Discover PB and North PB Nights for some great music, food, and street fair vibe along cass street and turquoise
(Stephen Butler Leacock) It may be those who do most, dream most.
wish I was there!!!!!
Someday I will build a giant robotic T-Rex with elongated arms so it can wield a katana.
So good to see you the other night! I enjoyed your presentation. Best of luck with the new book!
Self control is what I'm currently practicing, you know something Andrew Bynum could've used last night! It's not always easy, trust! ;)
Art and experience of newness and ability & courage to make new connections are necessary in this revolution.
#voteAGAINST #Amendment1 Today! Gay marriage is already illegal in NC and this amendment will only do harm to women, children, & families.
RE: NL East HR pool, casting a vote for Ike Davis
knowing is half the battle
I ABSOLUTELY DETEST EOC'S. LETS NOT DO THEM. COOL.
I really like "annoyment." It's like enjoyment, only with annoyance.
it only took half a bottle of mad expensive scotch, but today was a very successful (thank you) video shoot
thiss yankees game just ruined my day
Why am I the only one hype right now that Kid Capri is sitting by me at LAX?
!!!!!!""!« !!!! RT : I notice the sneakiest people tend to expect everyone else to be sneaky. #FactualFriday»
Great to hear you are loving your inspiron! Thanks for being our fan!
Nacho/taco bar for lunch at work for Dos De Mayo!
Fuck for F
Paid for my registration - even have paypal receipt, and now my dashboard says I haven't paid - Help?!
ok call me at three!! Cx
Still rockin Louis Vuitton condoms cause I'm still fuckin in style...WOW
follow me back (:
"Having the world we want will not come from "voting" for it." //
And...#winning. RT Charlie Sheen has brought new meaning to the term "March Madness."
|!+_-_ COME GET YOUR CRUNK ON..... SATURDAY MATRIX --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
The biggest investment I have ever made is a book of forever stamps. Hopefully postage goes up to $40 soon. I need to retire.
Not towed!! Just blind.
I'm looking for female graphic designers to design labels for my skin care line. Please retweet to anyone you know who can help. Thanks!
#Tynes is hitting some pretty close field goals
Did you just sing a customized version of Lil Sebastian's song to yourself? ;)
I hope we do lol its either that or a Zombie attack
: WOOP WOOP.HOME ALONE! Expectation: PARTAYYYY!! Reality:Peeing with the door open.
*Mobile and expressive* looks wrong
Book challenge policies are supposed to prevent knee-jerk reactions. Guess it offended "community standards"?
Happy New Year to all friends, supporters of SSP. Come buy some books. www.sullivanstpress.com/publications
So now you're gonna lick and fuck it? Hahahaha sorry. I'm just giving you a hard time.
yeah from YOU
RT Beauty is in the eye of the beholder... It's also in every mirror I gaze into. >> not ego,,#ACTUAL !!
Nothing to see here; just upping my tweet count to 667.
Yup. It's the XP that's the problem.
RT If you love Austin's new single <U+2665>
Emma is hilarous
follow back?
You're both weird (but I love ya) and what's with all of those peace signs!?
- Nice to have you on board Maggie!
now your suddenly into just cuz he's coming to tucson. . . . wow. . .
My shins kill how did I play tennis
Take away all the garlic butter, and escargot tastes like a muddy clit. But that's part of its charm.
Happy Monday! What did everyone do this weekend?
For those who attended #AD4MH today, what was the part of the program that stuck with you the most?
u need to hit me up , we all need to kick it. shay is graduatin soon n best believe we kickin it
I really should have stopped playing Minecraft several hours ago.
Turn those clocks forward tonight. Lose an hour & lose some inches with Zerona or Smart lipo at Skintastic.com. 972-620-3223
Yaaal should follow (;
I know comments like that hurt. Try not to let it get to you.
Why thank you!
when someone says "i'll always be there" Dont believe it.
#dhtrial For example I saw how the writers worked - the one thing I was NOT exposed to on set.Fascinating!Marc Cherry is a brilliant writer.
Yea i used 3 lbs fresh in this recipe for a smoked porter and it was still not overpowering at all.
SPARKS takes place in Iowa. Watch the caucus for Bluists crashing the party to plant a pressed ham! Getting your butt on CNN=holy quest.
RT if you love Jesus
Oh fuck I forgot i have a vocab test today. Welp can't do anything about it now. Sorry garvey, I've been done with your class since january
Wow....that is so great to hear. Way to go
I just got my I.D. Checked trying to buy chinese food #wtf ?
Going home to pamper myself wash my hair, paint my nails ,get fresh, lay back and watch a few romantic movies and call it a day. :-|
Once I finish listening to The Joshua Tree, I need to head to my parents' house, rain or no rain, so I can focus. (They aren't home.)
fishers eifs contractors, eifs contractors fishers indiana, fishers eifs repair, eifs repair fishers indiana, eifs contractors fishers
Looking for guidance...
Four-day bender. So glad that's over. Now time for food and sleep! Oh wait, I have a test tomorrow, shit.
I want to go to there!
I miss you more.Me too.I'm super busy this week since my cuz,her bf and her son are here for a week.we r doin a lot of stuff
Thanks for spreading the news about the event!
uhh ya i guess hehe imma call him baby fish now!<3
My dad truly believes in #longislandmedium&he gives me a hard time about being an art director & designer! What is wrong with this picture!?
Late night working on thesis, put on , quote from "this sounds like Optimus Prime having sex." awesome
Had to sign up for my first event as Katie Belew today. 3 weeks away from the wedding is still unreal!
lmao i wonder what baby's think about o:
you're gonna be there accepting the award on my behalf, you will be my trusty decoy. I'll still be at home bundled up.
when will it be out? I can not upgrade until Jan : (
is awesome! Thanks for the RT girl
RT Slammin into the Domino room tonight with Come join us Central Oregon! <--then hit up Afterparty at
Did you get my email - I will moderate and yes I am drafting a proposal but am short on participants. Very Open to suggestions.
ahh nice, is it for your birthday ??xx
I wonder what people like that make of movies like Inception.
Why couldn't I have lost my wallet last week when I didn't have any cash in it?
Love me some when I'm feeling
Get it girl! I know you looked fierce :)
Hello, Monday. You think you've got me, but I have a secret weapon. Positive attitude? No. Winning smile? Nope. It's Yorkshire Gold #tea!
Hehe. " When I'm sitting in Statistics, I dream of sexual physics"
are you coming to braddock tonight? if so, WEAR THE SHOES.
hopefully soon !! (:
Pray for #peace & swift justice for the people of
lol wait... what?!
It's not the rumors lies and words that hurt most, It's the fake smiles/:
WOOF! Can't wait to come up to Seattle!
absolutely! Let me know if you have ideas you want me to bring up. I have a couple different concepts in mind, but am open to more.
Grateful that the 400-pound man who was just sitting next to (read 'half on top of') me on the bus has exited. Blood flowing to my leg o ...
": For every sunset, there is always a sunrise"
. as human beings, we don't need to differentiate in that way...we're naturally differnt
haha! Thank you! Hubs company trip is here...so some of his peeps are here, he just couldn't come! ;)
will do
FOLLOW ME! <3
Fraggle Rock? More like Fraggle BORE!! Am I right?! Smurf Five!!
I kind of really want a deep fryer.
send me a picture of it. I could always get it taken in :)
“: #MagicMike is... I don't even know what to say right now... There is literally nothing like it”
Go #canada! Xavier Dolan back in Cannes 3 for 3... LAURENCE ANYWAYS
"bro I unfollowed her bc I couldn't take it anymore"- this is why I love you. RAHH it's ok we will be living in LA together
ACL curse now stretches to ex-MN players. RT Nats announce terrible news: Wilson Ramos a torn ACL.
yuck.. i hate snow and ice
#Jerzday and #itunes downloading a few much needed songs.
Ok best ad so far?
why do weekends go by so fast?!?!
....And they should throw in a helmet!
LOLL I just don't need to meet him...
oh nah lol, just want somethin new bro
did you try WreckingBalm? If so, what were your results? Please feel free to call customer care at 888-249-2367. Thanks! :)
Happy Birthday, Hopefully you guys will make it back here soon.
Your worst enemy could the your best friend & your best friend your worst enemy
Benches pretty much cleared. A real mess for the refs - and if there is a Game 7, also for the league. Heat vs. Mavericks.
I know we shouldn't have yielded to temptation but when the waiter at Lavo brought us fried Oreo donuts...
Looking for fine dining at a great price? Come to in
yay! its been so amazingly sunny recently :)
more and more in this town. But yeah prolly not all wine.
I've been good :) you?
We have some exciting new projects on the horizon! Keep an eye on updates to come over the summer.
hahahahaha best tweet of the day.
Customers know when they have questions about Home Heating, Home Cooling or Indoor Air Quality, we have the answers! Contact us!
-Thanks for the follow!
Glad to see the greyhounds and do the arings
Sometimes I feel as though I'm on the verge of blowing my own mind.
Oh crap. What have I done. :)
Zayn treats twitter like a diary. Harry treats it like a friend who knows every inside joke. Like ok
I love Jamba Juice.
HHC is honored to receive a 2012 Harbus Foundation grant of $10,000 awarded by a student team from
lmboooooo u a mess, if you miss the pillow it lands on your arm or your face lmboooooo
Just submitted the grades an hour ago. RT : still waiting on
Apparently I'm willing to watch a movie I've never heard of because it has Aaron Eckhart in it. Who knew.
Nothing warms the heart and hands like…a bottle of red wine…or two…
I Just Did
He made it thru 2 interviews with no problems
Great decision, Chris. You deserve major credit for #thesiswp and the community deserves stability. Win.
but they're so GOOD at that! :P
I just got that people are actually saying "Audi 5000!" I always thought they were saying "Outie 5000." #lightbulb!
kk, sounds good. We'll respond when we get it.
Thinking a lot about the problems we encounter in life only makes them appear to be larger than they really are.
I like work. It fascinates me. I sit and look at it for hours.
oh no. :( I know the prospectus part will be great, at least.
You as well, Eddie! Make sure to spread the word and pick up a copy of 's new album!
Deschutes Night at Streets of London- Abyss is an amazing and rare Imperial Stout.
party on Wayne
sending now enjoy :)
Ohh its already at the shop. There gonna do some extra work on it so that's why its gonna take awhile. Thanks tho!
No worries about age--thank you!
my lips hurt real bad
Oh, Work, here I am. Back again. Miss thee,
Oh I ate so much Chick-fil-a chicken I'm gunna explode! So good tho'!
really its 3:09 and someone just knocked on my door
Be sure to head to this Friday! 5 bands, $5 feat The Town Monster, The Randy's, The Regrettes & more, 9p.
Can you just be yourself girl . Doesn't mean your boyfriend is popular in school , you have to change yourself just for him .
Demos' with my best friend <3
Has anyone else thought that "hey mr. Tambourine man play a song for me" is really dumb because you can't play any songs with a tambourine?
Got my phone back, damn security try to take my phone away. I know people bitch.
So apparently I won a prize from Youtube today... I must be special!
Thanks for tweet. I will check out you FB! Glad to connect.
well asked for one.
I keep thinking I see people I know, then they turn around and it's another hipster. THEY ALL LOOK THE SAME #philadelphia is
oh my gosh I love the crunchie bar!!!! I always get them at QFC :) yum yum!
Work tonight despite the snow
No really why is my tab key sticking.
Overheard at vet: "we don't like to feed our dog meat, we're vegetarians."
with a honey in the middle there's a leeway
These stupid pathetic people beats women lol they'te weak ass fuck I am a man but I #ain'tnowomenbeater
aww! Give him hugs from me! & he is..too adorable!
ohemgee, me too! ive been waiting for this album for like forever!
RT : From 12 staff in '97 at NapaNTHS to 1000 participants at the annual conference in Grand Rapids. HOLY COW!
Listening to "Cant Tell Me Nothing" while approaching the Las Vegas skyline >
can you please follow me im a big fan ! pleasee and thankyouuu <3
Regional sales training finished
Friday the 13th.....Retweet if your Superstitious!!!
What's one thing cavemen knew better than we know now? How to survive in the wild? They knew how to survive in the healthiest way possible.
#defendwikileaks Join operation payback at www.anonops.net
MT: : Dress shabbily and they remember the dress; dress impeccably and they remember the woman. -Coco Chanel
Um, screw your advert tweets. You've been haced
Eccentric detective battle royale!! Jeff Golblum to join Law & Order CI. (ps, Chris Noth leaving. he wasn't weird enough anyway.)
Sorting through our readers&#39; clutter: Your answers to our Spring Cleaning survey
yeh but can you tell him to go to anger management? Lol
the new band isn't gonna be show ready for awhile but if you need help getting bands I know a bunch that'd be down
(Juan Rodriguez) talks all things #MiamiMarlins, including new ballpark dynamics, with right now.
About to sling some history books out in this heat. Not exactly looking forward to it.
Every time I trip I puff out my chest, too.
CoworkCharles is on hiatus this week, we're trying to find an awesome location for the next one!
I see hope everything gd with ur health get well soon
Warren Buffett announces that since he has prostate cancer, his secretary must be treated for the disease as well.
tY Sandra :) Got away to chase a bone or 2 & saw Mom :) She is the best Bulldog EVER :)
lou lou saying i aint cuffing no bitch im on to the next one,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,shout out to my nigga Rich Jones
Need a job? Want to work for a fun company? Come to our job fair, June 24th, 5-8pm at our headquarters in Sharon, MA. You know you want to!
You'll beat them at home, for sure! I thought u had a great game. Keep up the good work! Nice job on TMZ
i would expect you of all people would have known... ;D
"Once you lose yourself, you have two choices. Find the person you used to be or lose that person completely"
Im too wise for my age
Are you buying a funnel with that tubing??? no....
“: Las Vegaaaassssss ” Yes sir, welcome!
:) THNX LOVE'S
you are so right he is busy...we just gotta praise our lord louder and let our voices be heard!!!
woot making history with Bobby!
We appreciate the kind words from a friendly experienced traveler. Happy travels and thanks for flying with MKE. That is all. :)
Went antique shopping yesterday & the bf wasn't as tickled as I was by the vintage "Try Our Chili" sign I snagged. Psh. It's going up anyway
omg im crying
Graphic design for branding, web, and print. Visit my online portfolio: www.michaelcalixtro.com
Had a chance to learn about these guys. Cool dashboard technology for
So much skating goin down these last few days. Bout to hit it right now with branson.
What is a good cream to get rid of wrinkles underneath the eyes? dry ...
New record is really fantastic. Love the production. Sounds like humans made the record opposed to laptops. Diggin' hard.
First halfs for fun, Second halfs for keeps. Who Dey One Time.
Iron Horse Hotel from Milwaukee gets a shout out from Sally Hogshead keynote!
-> ": First off fuck yo bitch & the click you claim!!!!"
Whatever it takes.
Played too much Mario Kart. Luckily, I have just enough time to get 10 hours of sleep, then a few hours on Org Change.
": Only 11 more hours until my favorite 6 hours of the week! #truelifechurchnewark"// Now THATS retweet worthy!
Oh, me too--like waiting to open Christmas present! Good night!
I actually like the idea.
oh sorry! Just curious! Stay up! Holla!
GOOD MORNING TIME TO GET UP AND GET MY DAY STARTED.
No, zoo outside Pardubice. Somewhere northish, kind of nowhwere. Been there ab unch of times.
Awe! Thanks :) I am now kind of doing jewelry AND fashion blogging. It's always something different everyday :)
Poised Creation is wrapping some great projects that will benefit our artists in the near future!
I live in Richmond, MO. NE of KCMO. I have been a church planter for 33 years. this was my 9th new church. Keep me posted on yours.
Finally off work
Every disappointment is an opportunity to make another appointment!
"What are you"? ~Megan Cross~
Not only would Mitt Romney have ordered the raid on Osama Bin Laden, but he would have not ordered it too. So there.
How did I manage to lock the keys to my life in the bar? Not symbolic, just stupidity! Glad I have friends like Cole Drowning
from tonight's #dareproject rehearsal: "the colony was overrun by cute kittens. As is often the case."
#nfl hometown huddle gets gardening tips from #nfl's peter ruocco & united way volunteers
Yea i did, a bit noisy hard to talk but always good to put twitter names with faces
Guys Im Gonna Extend The Deadline For The Video Pictures Til Next Sunday Since People Havent Sent Them So U Guys Have Plenty Of Time! :) x
haha! It also had snake surfing! it's better than Ghosts of Mars... Which I seem to watch all the time despite my complaining!
Ughh another day of Geology...too bad I do not care about rocks.
The woman in black with
.what you think did you find any thing you like
Everyone Go Buy #MYONLY On iTUNES !!!!!!!
RT : RT : The only real failure in life is not to be true to the best one knows.~ Buddha
What a cool idea - I hadn't heard of Live Mocha, very neat idea. Thank you!
RT : Get ready for 4th of July wkend!! What is everyone planning?? ;D
Lemme paint a picture : I am not a Christian, I'm not a Muslim, not a Jew, I'm losing my religion.
TONIGHT - DJ's AI & J-Roc along with The Lotus Dance Team at Albuquerque's Best Place To Dance - Lotus Nightclub!!!
how cute lmao
If you need a flyer design for your next show, party, event, etc. Message us, we have fair prices and our designs are nifty. Only $5.
Don't forget #MKESucceeds!
#SaySomethingNiceAboutObama: He's quite good at concealing his horns.
CUTCH IS CLUTCH!
Tonight is the first night. I marked it the day the schedule was released.
wifi on the #Megabus is less than speedy.
Worst part about the day after a road trip: having all of the horrible top 40 hits stuck on repeat in your head
I'm glad we share a similar sense of humor. I look forward to ridiculing others with you in the future.
Damn. Missed the window to catch my unfrienders! RT Facebook Updates Timeline to Avoid Outing Unfrienders - on.mash.to/nCA2lk
Shoutout to my cousin doing her thing on NFL Network covering the #fucking Jets
over here on the Blue Line, butt cancer is the least of our worries.
Thank you!
Love you guys!! Can't wait to meet you guys one day!! <3
At least they only wore the radioactive green alternate uniforms once!
Thanks for sharing Ashraf, we appreciate the love! =)
Love finding new apps - am going to have get Corkbin, Trover and Glimpse now
Strawberry cheesecake<3
Michigan state Could win this game if they wake up.
I finally gave in....made a twitter, follow me :D
Got me some good FL baseball going on here.
Today is gonna be a good day!!
#howiknowsummersgettingclose I feel too nauseous to eat real food so I stick to popsicles and cherries #summerdiet lol
“: Reggie n Spencer gay smh lol” Them two are always playing just like in the locker room when the tv got broke. Smh.
BTW , #HappyMothersDay to the mommies or family members on
richpublican idealism can't fix a historically richpublcan mis-managed city!
Feel bad for Louisville they missed too many easy shots. Could have won the game if they didn't miss the gimme's
do u hate him or wat
The best thing about my spank bank? Lots of easy access ATMs.
Not all, but #AGirlDeserves to be treated with respect
Team Quiz in my Pants is going dominate the 90s.,.hopefully.
Major congrats to , newly minted J.D. -- Enjoy it!! Now, go study some wills & estates.
this Lynnfever getting worst! I need to see Lynnspecialist! ASAP! Then I got a good chance to be Lynntastic!
THANK YOU!
I totally just talked to Brent Spiner.
I really dont understand emo people.Like your already hurt & your going to cut yourself & get made fun of because you cut yourself.SMH.
Nuggets playin fierce
hopefully soon, thinking about a thirsty Thursday ($1 bud/busch) here in the next few weeks.
Ha i wanna see how many hoodrats get mad about my last tweet lol
So how was the turn out at believe 2nite? Was it a full house? Have a great nite! luv bri
Growing up, my mom would make me call up businesses to ask any questions we had. Good career training, turns out! :)
"That why I'm here hiding in Cannes." Baron-Cohen
girl, that bitch nearly snapped our necks trying to get through
I'm having way too much fun with Google's homepage today...
it's all good
I don't think its a white thing as much as an individual personality thing..she was prolly an ESTJ on the myers briggs
Heading to interview the med director of a Texas #ACO accepted into the #Medicare Shared Savings program. What would you ask?
And you, me! PS - Please tell Chicago I say hi :) RT : Pretty sure you complete me. Just sayin.
You think you're hot stuff huh?;)
Thank you for naming us a top #studyabroad site! :-D
thanks bro!!
I'm the savage what's happnin cmon tell me who want it
Lovely Easter. Drive thru mountains, brunch in the woods, walk thru Julian, quiet time at Lake Cuyamaca. San Diego never ceases to amaze me.
The trade that sent Jim Adduci to San Francisco has been rescinded because Adduci refused to report to Phoenix farm club.
And lastly so much love for
Cant wait til today is over, then its SPRING BREAK!!!
So random
I was about to write, "I don't think this day could possibly get any weirder," but I really don't want to tempt fate.
On the way to visit my mom at the hospital! She's going to be there until Monday, so everyone please keep praying she doesn't need surgery.
high noon… you?
Have you found a link to watch #BB13 live streaming? I'm going to be traveling next Thur for the live show.
Why the fuck did he fire Aubrey ODay??
RT : 1 reason a dog can B such a comfort when you're feeling blue is that he doesn't try 2 find out why. unk
Only a few more redesigns left for the fall stuff and I'll be ready to plan a photo shoot!
We are constantly amazed at how much great music is out there.
Solid show last night, going to be hard to top for a while .
thanks for following
RT : "Brand is defined by the experience people have had with you."
Thanks man good luck at SEMO
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Southbound I35 at Oltorf of the exit ramp
What was the question?
Briana doesn't need to accept Brooks. She sees how u bounce from relationship to relationship. Get over it, loony
new machine is almost dialed in!
State Board of Education votes unanimously to review MIssouri Baptist University's right to sponsor charters at their April 16 meeting.
ELIZABETH WARREN is completing her process of TURNING JAPANESE, having gotten bored to be ONLY Native American.
#HappyMothersDay think of the woman who gave you strength and courage and not only today but everyday.
something must be wrong with me im listening to aventura
you know you are more of a population scientist than a political scientist when your fingers type "demographic" when you meant "democratic"
Me too it's amazing. oh and your party looked fun i wish i could've been there!
on M.Lauter show:Lushness,enchantment&the delirium of color powerfully assert themselves against the limits of rational knowledge
Gregory School library renovation project reused the cyprus original buildings.
#OpeningDay .... I love the smell of freshly cut grass! Lets Play!
COME JOIN US AS WE'RE FALLING INTO FALL w/ VAN GOGH martinis...& everyone's favorite band, will be playing..(6pm-10pm)
Redskins get RG3 and Browns get their pick in immediately, obviously
Darrian told me in drivers ed.
Realization: the Kardashians are the 21st Century Gabor Sisters. Time will not be kind.
maybe spambots have feelings too
you guys get outta school today
My mom thinks my Toni Cade Bambara art is cute. My dad just seems perplexed.
well I was talking to you too lil head gal lol
You're not frat if you don't wear LAX panties.
Sweet, sweet cheat day. #ChocolateChipMuffin #MouthOrgasm #BrainOrgasm LET THE DAY OF GLORY BEGIN!
hahahaha i never would have stopped liking him if i knew he liked hockey...... i cant stop thinking about him now
yellowcake changes everything
Oh you mean rye? lmao
Yes... I was like this can't be real... SPAM is getting out of hand I thought!!!
#MikeRosen to #LPR2011 - school #vouchers poll better among hispanics than whites
“: I feel sad when I see an old man eating alone at a restaurant :(”sometimes it's quieter that way! ;)
is having a comic release party TONIGHT for Li'l Depressed Boy tonight! DJ set and art for sale! RSVP...
Sorry about all the interruptions. However, I think what you're doing is really important, so hopefully that makes it better.
just to note, were SF's first pizza truck. Hope to see you soon.
RT : #netbaseknows need to do mixed media marketing analysis to determine true ROI, not just look at social media
#bitcheswhowontdateme retired Playboy Bunny's
Friendship with one's self is all important, because without it one cannot be friends with anyone else in the world. ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
sorry i was a weirdo about my melty face. let's hang out.
In the final scene of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, are you: •McMurphy •Chief •the Pillow •the Basin •the Escape
Silence is golden but duck tape is silver. ~ Anonymous
Getting there is the problem
If G-d answers ur Prayer He's increasing ur FAITH. If He delays, ur PATIENCE. If He doesn't Answr He has something BETTER by
Just thinking...not enought room here for all my thoughts....I need money is the main one right now! Lol
"I have several charts here. They'll bore you to tears." can't wait...
on the way.
December 14th, the group will have their debut appearance in celebration of the digital release & Blues Alley Jazz Club in Washington, D.C.
I hate being woke up out my sleep!
IF SOMEONE TELLS YOU YOU ARE BLOWING A LOT OF HOT AIR -TELL THEM YOUR GRANDMOTHER INVENTED AIR POPPED POPCORN AND HOT AIR MADE YOU RICH.
And your picks for best director/picture?
don't worry. Santorum is ate up with nonsense....
practice makes perfect!
Watching Sarah palin w/ my mom :p
proud to be working with ya bro!!!! I got 2 words... Scorsese / DeNiro...
Diana knows the whole Kevin G rap from mean girls ctfuuuuu <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Can't sleep :/ I don't even know what to say :'(
wisdom teeth being pulled=pretty suckyy to look like a chipmunk hahah
do you need someone to help? i'll manage your finances ;)
yeah I bought a few shirts. Hard to buy for me without trying on since I'm so tall. I'm sure you have the same problem. :)
"They say that Afghanistan is keeping terrorists. Afghanistan cannot even make a needle." #Taliban ambassador in 2001 - 9pm 89.3
Huh, Cowboys didn't defer...
Fred Winton predicts: "web 3.0 won't be user requested pages, nor will it be user generated pages, it will be database-algorithmic pages"
yay! What are you getting?!
Mike will made it
Tennis anyone? Tennis tonight My current fave SnakeSuit are playing the Atari Lounge.
Disagree. Weinke played in the NFL, doubt Weeden does. Basically Weeden=White IMO. Def deserves Heisman if pokes win out though.
Happy mothers day!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
What's the next post going to be about?
I found a new drug: slurpees - an extremely powerful stimulant. Cheaper than booze... and you get the headache out of the way early.
Cleaned carpets. Organized closets. Love the results, but not the process.
always happens with them. Hell, Swish, Tex, Alex, and Cano are always going for bombs! Never a base hit! Frustrating!
thanks for the follow mama...
RT : Q2. Now that its getting warm out, where will you be taking your workout?
To those who think they already know the answers, bless your hearts.
I have no emotions anymoe, I'm not the same guy I once was....my heart is cold but my body is hot..I AM TRIQIWORLDDOTTCoM
how was the TSA gropefest going through customs? Did they give you guys any difficulty?
"If it were not for hopes the world would break." - Thomas Fuller
The lakers been doing Good lately;
sure thing, done :)
It's the last day of the first quarter, otherwise known as beg-for-an-extension day. Are your students like this?
Spring Break for those CCSD noodles, take the kids out, discover local treasure eat.drink.buy.hangout. #LasVegas love your city!
we need a post hail storm pic now
Let's go #TERPS!! We can do this!!
What a night.
by the way, how's that hip doing? rehabbing is fun, eh?!
“: Good night, wonderful mothers! I appreciate all you do for your little ones - whether they have two legs or four!” Amen!
1lap done still ain't no one here o well can't stop my Marathon
Well that a bit of a surprise
they both are some hoes ass niggas!
great! please do! we would love to have you!
In class, you go through your textbook and point to the funny looking people in them saying, "thats you" to your friends.
I did and it looked hideous and greasy so next time it all goes inside :-)
Check out the Daily Featured New Mexico Town from NMGiftShop.com Every Afternoon at 5:05pm (mountain time) only here on Twitter!
we love you more !(: ALOT MORE !(:
lol o ok, not big time at all lol
Order your Choice Eating meal plan by noon Friday for delivery on Monday.
Ciudad Juarez = Worst crime city in the world.
Hey there I went home for a view days I will come pay you a visit when I get back
Hey, start w/ email maybe, tell me more about your story to see if I could really be of help. amardeep at gmail...
Southern quote of the day: all Mexicans like tequilla. And that's not racist, y'all INVENTED IT!
Listening to nostalgic bands on Cassie's ipod. Kinda surprised at how much I remember Saves The Day, and how little I enjoy Rilo Kiley
hi cleavage! Rawe
Come to Tacoma again, please!
That was a little scary ": Knox does not need to be holding any babies"
RT : Now going to look at business case of KLM by
lol it's cool! Some things were meant to be left unsaid. So I don't trip out
ill be at every bruins playoff game
Mario Lopez is so hot
so ready for this celtics and 76's game go off cuz im ready to see my #LAKERS!!
Come be an extra in San Francisco for on the 21st! We need you more than we need food, drink, or love! Msg if interested!
ok time to stop playing around & get back to my 'real wedding' planning. The wedding gown must be worn somewhere! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Don’t be too quick to put a period in your life story - there is always room for another comma! (via: )
It's KRISTIN. Not Kristen. Not Crystal. Not Christian. Not Kiersten. Not Bob.
#aftc12 data, analytics and visualization where social media falls short
aw thank you <33
RT : 97% of visitors to #Mexico want to return!
wow my girl is obsessed with Twitter!!!!
did someone go with you? Maybe you can get some and try to come back later and get more, they probably wouldn't notice lol
Miles Davis Reissue, 'Live in Europe 1967' #blowingmymind spacious precise and ferocious
John Reiss workshop at PushPush, is reasonably incredible!
Watching the devil inside during a thunder storm. Challenge accepted.
Absolutely! thank you too!
most if not all of my clients recovered over a year ago and I think the same for most study group advisor colleagues
glad you will be able to join in to hear RT : I'll be available for #sommchat tomorrow! Who's the guest?
TGIF Today God Is First
Thanks so much for the follow...... I got hit hard by Cinco de Mayo too.
Definitely puppy! Although its work, I can't image life w/o my puppy now! I love cable, but my dog loves me back :)
The only way to do great work is to love what you do. -Steve Jobs
that's great to hear! I know he enjoyed talking all of you last night.
bartender tonight said a Chinese kid was going to rock at beer pong because he was Chinese and then asked him if he played ping pong.
I wish I had to work today
seemed like a formality & not much more, right?
check my people out Gutta J Nino Brown youtube
Not a problem. As a social media marketer & blogger, I found the info very useful!
#TODO - Add all whom I despise to a Google+ Circle called "the despicable", then only share with them the sweetest of my success stories.
Stomach flu on a #Sunday = major
it's Friday, there are no good ratings Friday night.
Snowed in - don't care. Drinking and waiting for someone to come blow me (my driveway....pervs).
It's Armed Forces Day! Big thanks to our Military members for their patriotic service and support of our country!
I want NOW! Go get him, by the way he is in Hong Kong right now. I need my hubby! </3
your right it's how now haha
Lol i just ctacked to eggs on my boyfriend with flour:)
Forget feeling sorry for myself imma let loose for once
THEY MUST WIN! I have tickets!
"it looks like you have a comb over"
what you don't know. Lee Todd wouldn't have made that stupid video. Oh wait, he really didn't because after 10 years he finally got to see
oh fa sho ill roll up if you do :)
Business is like a wheelbarrow. Nothing ever happens until you start pushing.
": #Sagittarius likes to travel and likes to see new exciting places."
RT : Please RT. The Row For Freedom team have started their Atlantic world record early this morning.
Sorry you couldn't make it. And thanks for letting me know; just wanted to make sure they weren't lost.
hi, for Movember are you part of any team or are you going it alone?
omg, hey sweetie. <3
Am for nothing never mind :P and i saw ur pics xD it's cool i like it a lot! :) ur hair ..... xD
Pretty sure this is site-wide. I'm gonna crash so hard later tonight. RT : 10:50am: First Red Bull cracked
I'll be a couple of minutes late. Have to drop kid at practice. Sorry!
We'll have a new offer up on our site July 6 at 9am it includes Holiday World Express and admission to the park.
This lady deserves a #rottentomato for badmanners and setting a poorexample for children: was at Princeton Public Library last nite...
Pretty soon. Not quite yet. But soon I'll be playing the classic Bing Crosby "White Christmas" album. Soon. Wait for it.
Be modest, be respectful of others, try to understand. ~ Lakhdar Brahimi
I love you Alfredo
New phone no numbers!! Dm me
Great questions everyone! We are passing all of them along and entering you in the autographed dvd drawing (one entry per person).
Going to sxsw at night alone is so weird.
So tired. Omg. Who invented waking up.
oh my god yes! I think that's as close as we'll get to Ron tonight.
In a reminiscing mood today. Going through old pictures and letters. #imisstheolddays :'(
We have McDermott's Irish Ale on tap and in pre-filled growlers! But keep your eye out for another new Irish Ale from Rohrbach's...
:getting ready for Italy.
ohh noo no no lol but it might be cute
Laugh a little more each day.
and im only 19. and only recently.
Good Morning! Thanks for tuning in! We'll need your name to leave at the Will Call for FRI's concert. Have fun!
i love your ass dakota ;)
Watchin spiderman wit jae n jaz n she was braidin my hair bt she took a lil break n im bout to fall asleep she cn do the rest lata
#FollowBack Contact us for all of your Video Production | Photography | Graphic Design needs!
Good morning, have a great day tweeps.
And now four establishing shots of entirely different places.
I need some heat
Don't look to anyone else but yourself to find your own definition of
#thingsididoverthesummer stalked the iconic boyz (: thats not creepy right? RIGHT?!!??!
I need a man that's dedicated to the game and not just playin a role.... Anything else is gonna lead to problems!
The #Pens #Flyers warm-Up playlist: Rage Against Machine, Metallica, Motorhead, Disturbed.
Just cuz you tweet it doesn't make it true
Scott Christiansen highlights progress in Winnebago County - Rockford Register Star (blog)
Why hello bright eyes!!. If you are looking a bit tired, simply blend 3 tiny dots of light reflecting concealer under each eye. 8-)
Why is there so much fuckin traffic everywhere. Go inside people
Hey fatty behind me in class, dying your hair blonde doesn't make up for your double chin and bitchy attitude.
New Attitude, New Look! Rocking it chic!
Congratulations to 2010 first-round Entry Draft pick and California's own on signing with the Pittsburgh Penguins!
Holtby played his ass off, that one goal he had no chance of getting.
Amare Stoudamire, the last nigga on earth with braids
Thanks Marie. You can buy them online (www.WeBeGreater.com) - the orange would really complement your shell :)
How very sad, but I know it to be true for many. Bluegreen has made it possible for our family to vacation every year. Yea!
need some new ladies!! sick of all these white girls.
overused and misused.
blooming Azaleas in Shaw. MT : Seasons all messed up in DC. cherry blossoms blooming on 34th St. and irises popping out in my yard
That is a safe line up and that will be his downfall.
Come on! We've given away hundreds of prizes to our Twitter followers. More to come!
My 200th tweet goes to and for teaching me to NEVER give up on my dreams and to believe in myself. <3 love them
RT : RT : Make a difference tomorrow by becoming a better leader today.
Good Morning :))
Ok 35 to go
So excited rn. Importing into iTunes. Then put on iPod, then sit with headphones and cry.
I am interested in Azealia Banks
i love that documentary its one of y favorites!
not good
Why haven't you gotten to see him?
Windows 8 = Jumping the shark. This OS is AWFUL! Maybe it would work for a tablet but a desktop?
Man, I liked the Barves when they were still in Boston. Someone get me a Pabst and a fixie. We're occupying The Ted.
Here you are ... Follow me back ...
tell me now!
Remember the dog held for a payment - then killed? Justice for Jagger - the story coming up -- Only on KOIN-TV
All I want tomorrow is my computer.
Good night everyone got a long day tomorrow.
I enjoy Saturday night racing. --- Dale Earnhardt
or "Party like its 1999"? I guess '99 wasn't like '95 or '97 though...
When you go to the grocery store, shop the outside perimeter.Most often you will find the food with the most nutrients and least processing,
back now
RT : I will not put tape on my windows. I will buy extra peanut butter. // though it is harder to get off windows
I really can't balance everything any more, and something has to give.
Players, parents and relatives always remembers to road you traveled to move closer to your destination.
Going to be in a music video.... OH YEA!!!!
Early mornin turntable session.
“: Sitting around with 2 of my favorite beers!” what are they?
Goodbye, Jon Huntsman. You were rational, thoughtful and qualified. See you in 2016 - but don't change too much...
I should have studied for mah japanese test.
m, that is a good one. also reminded me of Deusenberg's in Catonsville.
I don't think I could go a night without talking to srsly, this guy right here *points*
Life is short, break rules, forgive quickly, kiss slowly, love truly, laugh uncontrollably, and never regret anything that made you smile.
Because something itches in you to tell stories via writing? Because you savor being immersed in deeply felt writing?
where you looking to visit in SF?
Nerves are starting to settle in even more, can't sleep :/ this solo is killing me
Do not hate you for being a girlfriend of one of my idols! I hope you will very happy, but please do not break his heart!
Good to hear from you as well! We should catch up; it's been far too long.
just written a new song with lyrics inspired by life in a minimum wage job. -will preview on Tuesday's Ustream..
Put ya middle finger up screaming fuck da police.!
Raj ever want to be on the Seattle Wine Awards Tasting Panel? Got Fred Dame and Darius Allyn this year along with Jeff Lindsay-Thors!
So wanna try! : An onion rubbed on ur feet will be tasted within next 30-60 min cuz ur bloodstream carries it to ur tongue.
This is actually amazing!!!!! <U+E022><U+E055><U+E022> When the #Pens get pissed off, they really go hard!!!!!!!
50 Shades of Grey is a sleeper. My new novel (A Smudge of Gray) has gotten some sales from people thinking it's 50 Shades...
Long day but had some fun with my Husboo :)
did you ever hear back?
In case god doesn't show.
Hahah. Sadly, it's anecdotal. I often go in the morning and 90% of the time someone in front of me is buying it.
Ready 2 Make Some Moves.
I get a pant full of bone just looking at those jerseys.
- im leaving his house now but leaving to go to the studio
Just got in a version of a #lastchance workout before I fly home to see my family <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
After such an active few weeks in the #obama , hoping this final stretch is the dagger in the #Romney campaign
about 4 minutes into public panel discussion on transportation task the first shout from the crowd-" Liar" Promising start.
well we are excited to present the opportunity for fans to hear that signature voice live and in person at the fanfest!
Saturday morning #FF thanks! -->
Why do #Facebook and #Twitter feel the need togo change their formats every other day?
N is for any where any time at all here in the deep blue sea
Life isn't about finding yourself, it's about creating yourself.
Since responded to me and I have a prom to go to tonight, I'm gonna buy Prom Night and blast that shit!
please yes- I got Amelia Earhart, and the Octomom- I need more ideas!
Have a great shopping experience at #platocloset? Let us know! Tweet or and tell us about it!!
Enjoying an excellent workers comp class today with 's Bill Perkins
I wanna go home already.
5:00 thursday is the start of friday. right?
If you're an A&R and you have an open mind, reply to this...
J.P. Arencibia just hit a 3-Run home run off Dan Haren. 3-0 the other expansion team from 1977.
awww thank you! Haha I'm down for that any day, every day (; lets go to Narnia!
Can we make a couple Major suggestions regarding your website?
more suggestions for : more areas of town; next year needs more Shorewood, North Shore (Anchorage?)
We hope all of our donors and Longhorn fans in North Texas/DFW area stay safe during these storms! And everyone else too!
2 hour delay!!! :) lets hope for a closing!!
Half day!(:
that would only be fair :-)
What a long ass day of dance
"Eating Green, Living Bling!" Denver's Brown Suga Youth Festival 2012 will be starting shortly
Coming up at 11 we look at proposal by Duluth city council to toughen up regulations on massage parlors. Why some support & others disagree.
There was a typo in that. I'm pretty sure it was supposed to say
we everywhere! Just hit me
maximum rib respect!
- I totally agree.. We need it!!!!
Searching for answers. Is this what mid life crisis feels like?
Happy New Year! May you all have a successful and healthy year! $MSMY is the #pennystock on my radar today, watch with me
Does Arizona hate people or just people that think for themselves?
Headed to #sxsw. Time to start tweeting every 5 seconds.
Too #tired for my own good...get these classes done so I can #sleep!!
Too fucking hot outside, it was burning my flesh.
My daughter is enjoying #ACL right now and I'm at home...what's wrong with this picture? ;-)
Happy Birthday Christian!
Improvements Catalog
haha HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! He's hillarious <U+E32D><U+E328><U+E32B>
Andy Carroll! Great goal. Game on.
The Civil Wars is one of my favorite bands! :)
so true!!
Im hungry & i feel bitter.
Watching a Mexican soap opera with my parents...
Uggg cant fall back to sleep
That's a great line. I hope you're using this for something more than a tweet.
Yeah, h2h. And I just lost Longoria, so I need an impact bat. I take it you're recommending I take the deal.
I mean sangin and a writin' and shhhhhhh! Surrounded by endless talent...when you coming back to LA? CPT
RT : I've slept with Max. I've slept around in Portland. Now
Guys!!! I got sent to twitter jail earlier<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Thank you so much :)
Harsh return to reality begins with call from bank reporting fraudulent activity on my card yesterday. Card cancelled.
lol well I had waffles with it, but I mostly at the capin crunch
Cafe 300 specials for this beautiful Tuesday are cheddar broccoli soup and a grilled turkey panini! Come on in! Bring the whole fam!
great article this morn! So proud of you Jess!!
Hello - joining and lurking today :)
": Who Lives In or Around Tampa ?" We n tampa
Forgiving means to pardon the unpardonable. Faith means believing the unbelievable. And hoping means to hope when things are hopeless.
O'Malley's actually lucky to be on term #2 and not have to make up an excuse for losing a term #3 attempt.
im not much of a pet lover, but id love to strap to my car's roof and drive around as he shits himself like he did with his dog.
That's what he told me.
nigga go to school u graduating monday
Ya FB is getting very boring twitter is definitely better :D
Go #Giants!!
OMG!!! I see the sun. Pinch me I must be dreaming!!!
"I never could have done what I have done without the habits of punctuality, order, and diligence, without the determination to concentrate
Enough marketing for my clients for tonight (I mean this morning)! Time to get some rest. Busy day tomorrow.
Hosting Jeff Dodd and Greg Porter from Andrews Kurth for a session on intellectual property and patents
calm down. America's education system is deeply flawed. Don't blame people for not having the math skills of a third grader.
Ihave to freaking babysitt and do other stuff!! ugghhhhh but i get money so yay haha after christmas would be perfect!!?!
Gorgeous day for dog walking!
Today's Message: Rescuing Rehab
Back in the 80s I would have never expected Sony to be as irrelevant as they are today
Aerobic and strength training slow the rate of bone loss in postmenopausal women.
If a bell rings in the forest, does an angel still get his wings?
YOU'RE awesome! :)
Three blind dogs. Three fast cars. - Justin C. from Holy Cross
I don't understand whats happening right now :\
Intriguing...you down?
I have an advising appointment with #UniversityOfColorado #Denver on the 14th!!! #GradSchoolHereICome!!
Enough for one day. "lay me down steep road, great gulf, mirror'd lake, that i may delve into your night, unsullied by the light..."
ARE our best friends, they just don't know it yet! :) So jealous.
at least you understand it's wades team lol
.. Now it's too late for you and your white horse, to catch me.. Now ..
Too often efficiency is confused with just cutting corners and lowering standards.
Merkel says she's "appalled" by G-20 not dealing with the "too big to fail" banks. Why didn't she do anything about it in last few years?
please follow me :D 28
is it an arena tour?
Get off twitter but Follow me Back :)
I got new glasses for the first time in three years and had a headache for a few hours. Love 'em now!
thank you for following us, you guys rock!
#69Factsaboutme 1. I have blue/green eyes!
I miss you all, too! Send my hellos to the class. Keep writing. :)
= lyrical wonder
Best Happy Hour. Ever.
When ms.travis calls me a wh*re.
very sick...feel like crap.
NEW VIDEO SHOULD BE UP SATURDAY OR SUNDAY HOPEFULLY <3
some guys are just dumb . I'm not like that
www.thebrassybite.com... check it out!
Says she just threw up in her mouth.
when writing songs, how do u decide if it'll be a #Crüe sing or #SixxAM one?
what up Jimmy
How do u look @ his mentions?
Sometimes the best part of the day is 5:00pm o r5:30pm depending on your work schedule.
Australian quicks excite Arthur
New photo/icon. Me. My bota (yes, that's the technical term). Valle Guadalupe.
Champ says Manning always knows what you're doing defensively.
Stay positive, loving and grateful, and don't forget to laugh a lot:)))
Congrats on launch of Smithsonian mobile!!! Can't wait to give it a try...
why are you such an attention seeker?!
cool bro
I LOVE watching the Tigers in the studio right now! Thank you ESPN!
maybe this calls for a new saying: keep personal music interests and business separate
*sigh* will forever be the cutest thing ever I love her so much <3
Watching episode re: superglue. Remembering 8th grade student I had who used it to glue his lips together.
& Let's go Yankees.... Beat the Rays !
I love going to work on Mondays.
"Life is the dancer & you are the dance" - a new earth, eckhart tolle
how can you say ew? That was badass!
Good to see the fight in the young guys though. Only means it will go up from here.
"#love makes life complete"
Pretty sure my girlfriend is convinced I'm stupid. Not sure I would disagree. Need to stop thinking out loud around her.
Well gorsh, thanks so much!
Welcome to my world. LOL.
HUGE. She's sleeping between us like we never left. Missed her so much. Plus, get this, her mother (the dog) is pregnant again!
talking about back in the day
"2 Big Games. 2 GIANT Wins." - The Book Of Eli
#np love game
Jacksonville #Jaguars select WR from #OKState Justin Blackmon with No. 5 overall pick
loove what you do! keep it up. We posted a blurb about you on Facebook
check out the podcast; it was at the end of the 2nd hour
Its like, whatever
You know, you’re not looking as processed and overly-medicated as usual.
They had to write min.1x a week on something class related but then on anything they wanted - they did poetry, stories, art, photos
so sad!
no rye at first. We need to get our single malt underway. has an excellent rye.
I'm only excited for this summer because I'll have a job so when i don't have friends my excuse will be that i have work
When u relize u left class an hour early and dont come back haha Cheergirl<333
Sometimes when ya get the wrong order, forgotten about, & are served after those who came in after ya, there's no reason to tip your server.
Legalize it?
Shout out to
not even home for 24 hours and already got a speeding ticket
#iWantSomebody to love me for me , <3
oh really that sucks
Thanks ! We are excited to have you back again this year! Be sure to spread the word!
#FAIL "Freedom OF but not Freedom FROM Religion?" #Presidential #President BO on Martin Luther King Day none the less!
It is not so much our friends' help that helps us, as the confidence of their help.
"If I get you alone, boy we're gonna need a soudproof room"
I LOVE that show; there's even black people, I think he might have even be Haitian, the pirate? lol
I want to take my bra off. The underwire is very uncomfortable.
Sweet Dreams!
for president of america
Photo of said turtleneck please?
How are you supporting local?
Your talking about the ducks right?
right? it's NOT ABOUT YOI
Playing some #mw3 (ps3)
Bwahahahahaha that's hilarious! :)
Haven't been on here for a while -_-
shaq is just a jealous ass nigga who can't do commentary b/c all he does is mumbles. Charles >>>>> Shaq
HAPPY 16TH AUSTIN!!! as if I missed the 10.14 UK time!! ah well, happy birthday:-) have a really good day:-) lots of lovee
really my Nigga i knew you was looking for something at goosebumps guess you found it
I'm making one of those "aw" faces at this tweet, in case you were curious.
Prince Royce looks so hot tonight.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
We all should know that diversity makes for a rich tapestry, and we must understand that all the threads of the tapestry are equal in...
I saw you today :3
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DAMIAN!!!
Time to get #Yanni'ed. Hell m'effing'yes.
Alright time to make the adjustments...told y'all I was scared of these pacers...spo will make the correct adjustments...
Bout to buss ha ass before I buss these suds
I'm tealed up! RT #TEALTini Happy Hour is finally here!! Eileen and Katie are donating all their happy hr tips!!
for 20 bucks lol you on crack?
Yes you are! Congratulations!
don't get me wrong i love my family BUT i'm at the age where i want some freedom.
R U Mine? on #Conan tearing' shit up!
how many times did you have colonoscopy before?
Super fun day playing in FAO and Toys R Us!!!
those were cool cats to talk to.
yikes...cheer up Jer!
We couldn't really stop laughing, so the team video for our application is going to be weird...
Again with the passes behind the receiver!
Plastic Surgery Sundays
Pacers really just beat the heat??? #wow #okay .
follow back? x]
S/O to my awesome #NF AND You should probably follow them(; lol Thanks guys!
deep life discussions in artroom
Forgive? Sounds good. Forget? I’m not sure I could. They say time heals everything but I’m still waiting
Are we ever going to learn what really happened with the whole Ryan Braun thing?
For school signings, easier to hv ea class come in 1 at a time or, at the most, by grade level
Crap only have vodka... But I guess that works too
Oh yeah :) Just not the German Shepard next door, haha
I'm on g+ I also suggest friending Randall Munroe (guy who does xkcd).
Just another day in the life.
OH! Don't forget about Sangria Friday, as well as the TWO Happy Hours today! City's Longest 2pm-7pm & After Dark 10pm-3am (It's ALMOST 2pm!)
way to go T-man. That last second tip in looked so similar to Dante's last night! Give credit to Haddadi's D tonight too!!
was a guest on potato salad radio this week.
How am I bored?! Yet I'm working!!! I'm bored!
tsu surf.... Man I can name five dudes better than him from the east coast.
Belated thanks for the great customer service last week! Love having you here in Madison.
hey girl! Did u see my bubba at school today? ;)
flight delay. -.-
exactly lol which is going to be my biggest problem. I love my mountain dew :(((((
Im not fine. I need you to comfort me but your not here.
Elevators in big buildings make me nervous!
Yes, I do. I also kno his grandfather. He let us Backstage at Jones Beach. We asked if he knew cody he sed ya and let us back
-- NCAA tourney is a crapshoot. Anybody can win in single elimination tourney.
BE'LA SHOWS: TODAY KENNEDY CENTER / THURSDAY BLEUE / FRIDAY@ WOW WALDORF / SATURDAY@ THE HAT FACTORY RICHMOND VA W/ LISA RAYE
I really don't be seeing you in school
I think I'm somebody I used to know.
#SpecMarket | Is the U is out to best the WB..? I'll never tell. But #spec #script grail is up. And LQQk what's coming [Next #Tweet] July
warriors better stick to the script. we need that draft pick.
Ashlynn, I Swear I Be Trying To Be Nice!
National Hamburger Week at !! created five specially-made burgers to celebrate! Try the Barnyard Buger w/fried egg m
All I know is I'm not home yet, this is not where I belong
Downtown OKC's (my hometown) long term plan starts to pay, by
Yeah I mean, if it's illegal, how can you willingly deprive people of my great service?
I feel like crap too. RT ": I don't think I could drink enough Yogi antioxidant tea right now if I tried. #wildweekend"
Guest for tonight's CBS Xfinity Live show at Tavern Downtown is Broncos fullback Spencer Larson. 6:30-7:00.
The world is a TV and our pineal gland is the remote
Success can bring fake friends and true enemies, watch your circle carefully..
Getting my Warped Tour tickets next week, with my T-Shirt also. :D
Do not be overcome by evil, but overcome evil with good. -Romans 12:21
seeing peace around you. Spirit their is no limits. Allow love. Try doing something for someone else. It is a great way to shift
Ryle High School just got a shout in the Reds/Brewers game
What is your favorite way to "wrap up" a semester of teaching and learning?
Country music >>
why cant people just stfu and keep there mouth closed ?
Just want it to be Friday night already
I had lost some love for JET over the past couple years but he has been GOLD in the past couple of games!
Way to even up the series !
Boys , shes not qoinq to be waitin for you forever choose her or freakinn lose her .
Few late arrivers still coming in. Great to see so many kids. Number coming shortly. RT How's the crowd??? 10k+?
When hot people follow me on Tumblr >>
RT : words can't describe how much I HATE shaving my legs .. if it wasn't frowned upon I probably would never do it lol
RT : Tymetrix: "of the top 5 metrics, geography has bigger impact on attorney rates than experience"
We have a collection of Danny Lyon pre-signed titles and DVDs available tonight at the bookstore.
Please contact me!
Sure, that works!
Hopefully, I'll be able to finish up A DISCOVERY OF WITCHES by this weekend!
Take off that silly-ass hat.
#liber2011 Kibble:All materials printed in Europe or in European languages, ca. 1455-1700. EEBO content will ultimately be a small subset.
Now I don't have anyone to lean on when I get sad :'(
Gingrich calls for a personal savings account system to replace current Social Security during Marquette rally.
The heart of life...is good.
Thx very much to this week's new fllwrs Appreciate the support. Cheers!
DemonTHON raises over $100k for Children&#39;s Memorial, Miracle Network
Talking with lulu about my facebook on twitter...weird huh?
For one day love will settle with me, and i, may no longer have need to run
write up a quick e-book and sell that shiz
sandro offer to make way for lennon before he costs #spurs a goal
What a great night!! Very busy working and had Bible Study with my besties via skype!
Thank you so much for the kind words
I'm ready to go to bed.. Lmfao
i think i know what hotel ur tlkn bout
please take care of the love of my life she is my whole world and my best friend!
This. RT : Oh, Fat Betty. You're surprisingly more tolerable than Meagan. Congrats for being moderately likable for once.
I am besties with EVERY SINGLE WORKER at #chipotle I go there like every day
Well, now I'm curious as to who you had this conversation with...
when u don't need em they always got your back this & that, but as soon as u call on them 4 that favor, it's like Corey Who & where was I?
changed the fuck out of my mood tonight. That's why she da best.
oh my goodness I can not wait until the Vampire Diaries season finale next week #obsessed :)
I don't know what's harder! :)
Nice! I'm glad you liked the video!
I followed your link but it says the page doesn't exist.
Protest with Occupy Las Vegas Friday at the scene of the crime. Bank of America 4th and Bridger 3-6pm. In downtown Las Vegas.
Not sure about John Cusack as Edgar Allen Poe ...but I'll watch the movie anyway.
I hope heaven is made of Hawaiian bread
girls girls girls, we love them too
Monday - I want a refund
yes, please.
You know who your friends are when something goes wrong and they still stand by you...so grateful, it meant a lot, thank you <3
in that case I got my own gun n bullets.
wearing a #TeenageMutantNinjaTurtle Shirt. Just thought I'd let ya know(:
please cum and visit us :)
Niggas be catching feelings...Cupid be gunnin
I hope so. You're right about guys having Fitz' back. Titans LR was split for he & Collins
The soul is entirely more like something always the same than it is like something not always the same-Socrates, Phaedo 79e
Wow. You're talking shit about one direction & big time rush, yet you listen to never shout never... are you serious? Gtfo.
Thanks 4 compliment. I have my moments....:-)
LeBron is real!
in June I think it is the Friday of the St. Anthony's bazaar so that makes it June 8th #ibelieve y?
Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton makes remarks at the Summit of the Americas Civil Society Meeting in Cartagena, Colombia,on Ap 13.
No way to cut, copy, paste or perhaps just duplicate an element. Seems essential as every other app I use has this capability.
Pay attention to customer profile AND social profile - you never know the influence!
So much shit to take care of.. Why didn't I do this early?
I had to get my cash right cuz this fast life is the choice i chose .
Thanks, I need to touch up on those skills too
yeah i love tou people(; get it Two people ;D
Burlesque tonight with 7 Deadly Sins! Starts at 9:00 and No Cover!!
It's 11am! Botanas is open! Serving lunch time specials now till 2pm today and every weekday!
Rappers say they from the southside WELL GOD DAMN Must be 2 sides
80% of Florida's women-owned business leaders founded their businesses.
The biggest reason I'm bored with Draw Something now is that the SAME DAMN WORDS keep coming up over and over again.
RT if you want to meet Justin bieber i wanna see how many ppl really do!!!! plz RT i know u can see me!!!!
Ah!!! So tired of reaching the follow limit. I guess it's judgement day. Again.
Your all I want your all I need your everything- lighthouse <3
I'm looking forward to seeing my daughter Karen and oldest son Eric later today when the come for a visit for several days!
I don't really want to go to ANY school. But I guess it's worth getting my mom off my back and get my GED.
Birdman has bigger troubles than tattoos right now.
thanks for everything last night ! I had so much fun (like always when ur the host)!
It aint rape if she screaming hann
I need an in-house communication system to talk to people on the other side of the house. I don't care that my house is only 1200 sq ft. :P
Loved it as a kid. Recognize its faults now. (There are several.) But it gets a lot right too.
Trayvon Martin Debate Moves To D.C Family Attends Hill Briefing ~~ Yeah lets shut down our Govt to talk up this "punk" in a hoodie.
Good morning conference goers! The Jossey-Bass booth (#1112) is now open-- come find us!
I swear she fucking irritating
All I have in this world is MY BALLS AND MY WORD! And I don't break em for no one.
haha I see(: very popular now! ;p
You're welcome!
idk I,guess
Anya Achtenberg says stories about trauma are hard to "structure"
Our pleasure, great article! Thank you!
RT : RT : Why is bra singular and panties plural?
Ok, I truly love Christina Aguilera and she is beautiful, but I do believe she should have gotten a size larger. It would flatter her more!
oh god he's so fine
Get $1 OFF any meal selection over $4 at . Only w/ a
Hey #PHX - we have a friend looking for some #tweetups anything going on out there?
Pants Off to Jordan Shirkman at the NCSC RT : People--NCSC Round Two: First in my heat. Headed to the Sweet 16 like I'm on MTV
Perfect comparison- Sudoku gives me a headache since I hate numbers
Thank you! Couldn't of done it without you!
straight up winner for u right there. nice call RT : Bears +4
Settings>AccountTab> Check "Protect my Tweets"
Innovative capitalists have tried to rewrite nature, but to no avail. ~ Astrid Alauda
you too.
Husker Who???
Coyotes vs kings! Time to support the yotes as they make there playoff push! Food,drink specials and giveaways. 730pm here!
That's how I feel. To say that Black & gay has not co-existed makes it seem like we ignore Black gay aesthetics & voice.
I have no idea why there is a hashtag there.
our cover of remember sunday is only good cause i do juliet simm's part ;)
My pee smells like coffee.
Join the movement:Under30CEO Atlanta Today :30 PM Peachtree St NE, Atlanta, GA 30303
I wish he could get over her already.... :o
Thanks! I quoted a conference paper instead.
Can you go to the bathrook with me Haily b/c I'm obviously not capable of going alone
Score! RT : Even the #Bulls run on Dunkin'!!!
Sex ain't better than love <3
Obviously he doesn't feel my vibe I'm giving shades on, on my phone, and my IDGAF face!!
lol get it then
it is but I just hate school always. I just wanna be done forever. sucks
Talk that talk
If you walk away and they don't follow you, keep walking.
then sure :p
everybody follow my bro
Why are things whose sole purpose is to move air, e.g., leaf blowers, hair driers, vacuums, so dang noisy?
and i did the refrigerator dance Infront of on saturday ! it was fun ! :)
saw you and your gorgeous house on HGTV last night. Love that you have a meditation room :D
Oh word? What's happening there?
Be a person who plan things..
Lol is avocado trending yet?
Sorry, Not you, the other Laura Gardner on instagram.
Even the Pittsburgh transplants here don't even care about the Pirates, lol!
you right about but #remember everybody aint honest
It is leadership: the worst possible kind of leadership.
it cold as fuck it me tell u how cold
Eating spaghettios and feeling nostalgic for a much simpler time when my only concern was not falling off my razor scooter.
Let's see how many of us miss our flights today! Not I! *runs down terminal* HAHA
Jesus is one of your followers?
everyone please follow for me. :)
Open Innovation, The Corporates mixing with the startups, Help disrupt your own industry and stay relevant. congrats to
Finally using my phone for twitter =)
I hope never to be as stupid as the people who would act on Betty White's endorsement.
Nope, tonight I cant. But I will be at dinner tomorrow!
Better to have loved and lost, than to have never loved at all. ~ St. Augustine
Happy birthday to the most funniest guy I can think of, (:
i want you to take over control
7 more days :) I'm excited!
idk if I can but I'll see
thinkin bout buyin my wife a ring for her bday..any suggestions as to jewelry joints?thinkin her birthstone and diamonds on the side
ALRIGHT!!! Power is back on, time for some Call of Duty 3 :)
Congrats to on becoming a member of the 1,000 point club at UK!
Not looking forward to today, tired and not feelin well shit it'll b a long day
To acquire knowledge, one must study; but to acquire wisdom, one must observe. ~Marilyn Vos Savant~
...everyone is invited, right? It's rude to talk about parties in front of people who aren't invited! (2/2)
Reliving the
I think I'm getting my second wind! RT : S/O to my newest follower ! I'd like to party with a giraffe
Welp this sucks ass. /:
Dave Tompkins: Blowfly is the father of hauntology.
When one of your loved ones gets shot in the face, tell me just how great War is for the economy.
In the future: a revamped cover for #MissWorld and a new author photo.
“: Thanks to for the introduction!”/ur welcome. Ck out free pizza subreddit. Awesome
that's pretty cool
someone once told me I was only fun in small doses... Is that good!?!
I clicked my #hashtag on #freesamples and realized almost as popular as #costcofreesamples is #wholefoodsfreesamples on Sat, Yes Please!
that's what we thought. This long list of abbreviations that nobody has ever used ever. "cico" = "brb gotta tinkle"
Give so much time to the improvement of yourself
et al, computer overheated, going to sleep, congrats on all your accomplishments as scholars, goodnight.
Bienvenido D. You danced beautifully today. ¡Que pase un buenos noches!
Glad to hear you can make the webinar! And another big +1 for the rain....my backyard is singing praise right now.
Finally, somebody is calling out this scumbag Petrino. AD came out swinging!
Where have I been and who the hell is this Alexis that Austin is talking to?
My deepest condolences on John's passing. May he rest in peace!
I love how hot it is in AVST studio! It's like taking Bikram Ballet.
I'm not dead...just busy with life.
So glad we could do an impromptu lunch like that!
Live remote for 105 the game at gainesville dodge jeep.
anyway, if you have any questions re: mac or want to work with me on #headshots, I'll be more than happy. have enjoyable day!
Let's cry havoc and let slip the dogs of war!
well, those naturally go with football.
The LSU system offers this as a security question: "What big secret do you know that you aren't supposed to know?" Weird. And provocative.
Conference room shenanigans
So, how tall would you be of your wish came true? (: Haha
somebody loves baby, well it aint me
Tom Shaw Trio & 2011 Cabaret Showcase Showdown finalist (and SF newcomer) Norman Vane perform at Martuni's on Sat. 1/28 at 7pm.
Sleep, then burgers, then sleep again, what a life! But seriously, how was your dinner?
did u see the response to what I wrote!? Hahaha they answered the exact reason why they leave to the CHL!!!
WBC Ticket Hunt Hint: Our Carnival Crazy will be enjoying a "WBC" glass of beer & some great food.
RT : Half Price Daily Specials Sunday through Thursday after 7PM. Check www.rookiesfood.com for today's selection.
hey, what is the cms for the Center for Pub His and Dig Hum webpage? is it wordpress?
dont be telling my wifey to shut up!!!
Be Different.
He was teasing me about my rendition of 'Happy Happy Birthday Baaabbbyy' on guitar, so I told him I would do that :-)
can you contact me for the accurate information. I will show you video of them being handmade that we took.
Back from LIM conference. Great experience in every way. Thanks everyone!
Morning tweeties... It's almost Friday. ;)
House Of Second Chances - Fast Company
HAHAHA. I just saw the tweet you posted about Dad and the flowers. Seriously laughed out loud. Hilarious.
I am totally anticipating Sweet Potato Casserole
Paradigm Madison has Transplants that need to go! Buy 1 get 1 deals are here! Buying a lot? We'll work with ya!
I've used the kinko in Oak Creek. Let me know if you find one closer.
Hi DS. We plan on rolling out some great L.A. hotels in the weeks to come! Will keep you posted.
Oh, Bulls.
congrats Tristan. Can't wait to see what's next.
I #PulledACrosby and... embarrassed Claude Giroux in a fight? Then, Letang did the same to Timonen?
“: HATERS, Y U NO GO PLANK ON A KNIFE?”
I just finished a 2.54 mi run with a time of 30:11 with Nike+ GPS.
A little over 2 months til San Diego Pride!!! The resort is booked!!!!!!!!
thx for the mention! (i am the founder) would love to get your school on board. Be sure to sign up for a free trial
It's lizbeth on lenny's twitter shhhh don't tell her
What do ya know... Robbie #Cano!
Substitution, Manchester United. Ryan Giggs replaces Anderson.
If U think life is hard try living w/ nothing really. If UR reading this tweet U don't have nothing, U have something & U just don't see it.
What if The Lakers get swept Again Lmao
Way too frenetic for my tastes, although I grew up with Tom & Jerry and Road Runner, so who knows what that says about me!
Coach Scott approaching the podium...
Aye what you doin tonight ? Not you... Hahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Drink up Chicago. Send real beers, mixers, & shots to yourself & friends w/ Bartab. $1 to send, $1 to redeem at 75 of Chicago's BEST BARS!
Shhhhh. I have a crush on this guy named Zayn. Let's keep it on the down low.
Oct.6th I'ma crush that bitch.......
In politics, if you want anything said, ask a man. If you want anything done, ask a woman. - Margaret Thatcher
Despite all the our issues and complexes, flamenco still goes on. Art doesn't disappear.
YES SPIN, TELL IT LIKE IT NEEDS 2 B TOLD!!!!!
Ppl think I'm social but I've just decided that I need to expand my comfort level. Will talk to a new person everyday in 2012.
oh that's sweet! I may have to buy it
USA scored big at the Nuclear Security Summit in Seoul South Korea - strengthened ties with Allies & put more pressure on NK & Iran. - JDG
Big ups to ! Great community at the gathering last night. Energy=palpable. & up next!
thanks Bro. You are right there with us. You want to be on Commencement ?
Bah, too kind. When's the next covert mission to spy on Orion?
Way to go on the pilot!
Congratulations on achieving 100% CORE + ASTD Chapter Membership STAR!
braces free for 8 months and counting :))
Don't stop believing in yourself...ever!
LAX WEDNESDAYS las vegas! guest list and table reservations now! 413 530 0621.
i #LOVE so goshdarn much. you dont even know. ksdlfjsfd (:
the other stats are so high it disregards them lol
Seriously Miss America? Did not see that one coming. California all the way!
Love is not who you can see yourself with. It is who you can't see yourself without.
Broken LEFT foot for Beagle.
Ping Identity Named One of Denver Post’s 2012 Top Workplaces
now now brown cow
had good seats and got to see the sox losing streak end yesterday
Idk what else to do on a Sunday! -__- homework I guess
stil going with me May 11 ? (:
it was AWESOME. I would decorate my house around it
I'm not bothered okay aint a spelling bee! Bog of!
Yes nice 3
oh ok! Should we come around 130 then? We were gonna shoot for 1230 but if U think that'll B btr lemme know. XOXO!!
#UnattractiveThingsAboutMe take place on the set of #MattsChance stay tuned... Producer injured by Marshawn Lynch
My head is killing me: I guess it's not your birthday if you're not hungover the next day. Thank you to everyone for all the kind wishes.
Rockin' my Bayside Tigers sweatshirt tonight!
Reading email.
was #Georgeclooney as attractive in person as all the girls say he is? Haha
Happy #FF to Can't wait for the new game!
MT : #mhealth, #tech TH/10am, AT&T will present a $1m contribution to our telesurgery program.
YES. Hit me up tomorrow over the telephonez xo
#random I think i wanna adopt like 2 kids someday
Tri-Tech Holding Awarded Natural Gas Field Project In Turkmenistan
DANG !! Please Let ME Go UGH!! #Thats What I Be Talkinn Aboutt :{
to bad the fun has to come to an end... Lol
They're generally prepared poorly north of the Mason-Dixon, but I just had some good grits at Butcher & the Boar in Minneapolis.
Hurrah! Season equally split between male/female for both directors and playwrights. #FVFreverberations When do I renew?
omfg and it's somewhere along the beach...I could find it I'm a good stalker(;
Sometimes it's reallllyyy hard to be a germophobe
Just have fun, let me worry bout winning.
Close to finishing this new project I started.
How's Miklasz's college basketball preview going, with Painter in Mizzou and all...
The most entertaining part of Mission Impossible was watching the Tom Cruise running scenes. , ,
Do you like Dime Hockey?
would you dare say that IPA is.... Best in the World?
if it were Perk he would have been tossed.
Creepy asian still staring at me...
: now's your chance to own that much! Go Grab it up!
It appears re-registrated right about the time yo mama moved into CV.
you have your idea already?
Haha! No, no, don't take it personal. The recommendations are based on classes that your friends are taking, watching, etc.
Have a great Thanksgiving from Jonathan and the rest of the campaign!
“: Fro yo!!” best thing in the world!!!
RT : #Lions not practicing: Best, Harrison, Rashied Davis, Fuller. >> isn't Harrison traded?
I have a great song by a new artist that I think you'll really enjoy!
YOUR CAMERA TAKES GREAT PHOTOS.
caught u red-handed! Your pro pic is in violation of the duck face.
Never let ur past stop u from getting wat u want in life.Yesterday is gone,last hour is gone,so use the present time wisely & make it count.
Ironic? I got UNL's Hail Varisty badge on foursquare on my last day working here..
HA! Seriously!
" #UVa lost best scorer & leader, Mike Scott. They will not be as formidable as they were a season ago." care 2 make it interesting?
We are underway with our Street Vendor Fundraiser and off to a great start we already got $150! Thank You Mari and Maria you both rock!
Love some Secret of Mana and Super Mario World. m
Heather Kaye wrote: Occupy Your Own Mind (or someone else will)
Why is it that when you transport something by car, it's called a shipment, but when you transport something by ship, it's called cargo?
While you're there, swing on by to the OpenGrooves booth tonight at the Battle of the DECKS at the Fish Head Cantina tonight at 8pm!
ya damn right it is!!!
Not so good. Next week lots better!
No regrets IM Blessed To Say! the Old Me Left And Gone Away!
Headed to play at that's cool with beth beighy, connor rand, clay evans and more....come on out!
What can we say #PacerNation haha
The awkward moment where u wanna say hi to everyone but u just ate so u got mad food in ur teeth. Smh
#Pens Keep. The. Lead.
:) RT Call me when I'm lost inside your mind <U+266A> #np - Waiting. Such a beautiful song!
Harry said he was "bi" in a magazine interview? .....PROOF OR IT DIDN'T HAPPEN!
All is wonderful JS! Hope it's mutual on your end! “: its been to long, hope all is well that way lita pita pie ”
Sigh. Howdy, Hunter RT : Hunter Pence walkoff HR off Myers beats Astros after Pence's earlier error. You can't script mid-May.
Two words: Angry Birds Space.
Following your dreams is like a relationship, sometimes you just want to quit and take the easy route.
What the twit was happening to Twitter over Xmas? Couldn't log in once... too many users!
I'm doing fine, thanks. Happy Mother's Day to your Wife & Mom! There is a Blockbuster Guest on CNN's "P Morgan Tonight" on Mon
& ! RT : good times with at girlgeekdinner
to you and me both, baby!
Tracking shows my new phone departed from Lewisberry, PA. at 3:56 this morning. arg.
Retweet if u smoke #Loud only
i dont care
hope it's fantastic!!!! xo How are Tuppy and Uno doing? Is he still in quarantine?
there's people checkin too y'all gotta card?
Dear just know that Angel is with your dad right now.....in a better place<3
Thank you so much <3
RT If someone ever makes you feel like you are inferior to them just remember: everyone eats and everyone shits [ #RealTalk ]
yer the best kept secret on the BFT. You'd be a perfect fit for the Noon-3 slot - local and genuine unlike who's there now.
follow back? <3
"I don't smoke pot, okay!!"
DUUUUUURRRRRR APPLE DOUGH!
I forgot the Underground Podcast results again.
Young patron wanted fish books.
Tomorrow has got to be better. Tomorrow will be so much better.
Last weekend in #roc b4 I move to #Hoboken #NJ -Only plans currently are to volunteer at #RIT #ImagineRIT. What else should I do?
That's amazing! Lets chat :)
so good, right????
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend !
nice tweets, don't forget to credit the creator of them.
Again, probably in his 30's. I love men in their 30's.
Just met a green home remodeler at the gas station. It's getting green everywhere. What's the greenest truck these days?
Adobe stuff is for chit on Linux, and Tweetdeck is on Air . Also TD is a huge RAM hog. Best on 64b Windows, unfortunately.
You're the first recruit! I'll email you soon...
Ok. Who's going to the SUPERBOWL? All 4 teams are good. If I had to bet...I'm picking Patriots - 49ers. You say what?
Can't even complain... Sexy bitchs everywhere ;)
Back to day labor, to get money coming back in. I'll be digging a ditch the next few nights. Go me! *pumps fist in air*
Totally watching the Face Off with Corino and Funk after this.
I don't know whether I'd rather listen to Garrison Keillor or Eeyore read poetry.
haha yes. Sorry, where the hotel is!! When do you get in?
Underlying problem is that many children do not receive proper developmental support. -Yale prof, Comer
"Damn!" yelled at me twice driving to Starbucks. Lol, da fuq? Must be living someone else's life today.
Really got rocked by Basic:Prayer video from Francis Chan tonight in community group, highly recommend. Catalyst Experience kit!
picking up the guys and heading downtown.
Thanks for your quick response sending a new dsl modem. I can finally kiss &T goodbye completely! Such easy setup too.
My phone is always dead. Sad story.
Nicki Minaj it was a good run..
Getting back a monday morning quiz
Time to get back at it today! #9RoundMinute? Sounds good to us, we'll have it posted at 12pm!
Thrilled with my 500 pt. beauty insider reward from : travel minis remind me of the W! :)
doin it!! Real grind right there....
I got pink hair extensions.
I'm sure Linda and I will see it. The last too had us in stitches.
Thanks. Just changed it. Sorry.
Don't forget to plan your week today, then use that plan to create each day. Manage your life or your life will manage you!
Work till 4everrrrr.
LOL WHAT WAS THE PRANK?
Today has been one ef'd up day. I'm going to bed, or at least trying to, without telling you goodnight because you wouldn't care if I did.
Harmony Beat: US Embassy Support and Interesting Article
Marley doc = dopenes. Amazing footage. His daughter came across mad bitter tho. Threw me off.
I'm bad... Getting to-go from one of the better sushi restaurants in my area! I already have dinner at home, wanted snack!
Lol. I miss you guys most. Next time we'll all come <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
I'm hosting my own night at on Thurs. 8pm-12am. I'm bringing , , , & w/ me.
Thanks for the RT!
Great food, disappointing experience tonight
its easier that way . .
Again, that's La. You can think about a murder long and hard and it still be 2nd degree. Sentence is automatic life.
Well this is awkward.. lmao
happy birthday :)
Watching #FashionPolice :D
it was Iight Jus relaxing most of da day...
RT "Theater New Years Resolution: Bring different people/industries to the table. Accept/embrace their viewpoint. #AlliClass" ya
I am always amazed at how stressful a home remodel can be when you don't use an expert!
Damn it all just hit me
yea it is! Are you gonna see him at warped tour?
Another Best Basslines candidate: The Dukes of Stratosphear's "25 O'Clock"
Ugh sorry for the spam. They really seem to want my twitter account.
I miss u lovely :))
April really is the cruelest month. Spring but cold. Tax Day. Orioles prove they really are as bad as you thought they would be.
I may or may not have been watching a really REALLY good Davey Richards/Adam Cole match.
There isnt an official Kronum Rec League in Texas yet, but we'll be there very soon
Feel good.
...gonna see what kinda trouble I can get into tonight, who's with me? ; )
Girls should stop acting like it's the end of the world because it doesn't work out with one guy...move on. There's billions more on earth.
I literally don't comprehend how it's possible to have such a lack of apathy towards others.
#ifyouknowmeyouknow We were the FIRST Latina based sorority founded at an ivy league institution.
Something new...dive bar #ucallits. Malibu & crab. Not bad actually.
I am the definition of a bad girl. Haters and NO will never hold me back from Shit I want to do.... I'm that #bitch trust
haha! Thanks!! *phew* i thought i was gonna have to catch up next week!
Tell me.... What can you really do with no money? Nothing.
Thanks, Mark!
He also said: “Nor should this lead to a war on property. Property is desirable. That one should be rich shows that others may become rich."
Great event #NYC March2nd, walk through the startup gallery. Startups and resources presenting the latest trends more info at bizcocoon.com
I don't need it. you should use it ;) (and yes of course I want it)
Sew in clip or patch label on the sleeve & bottom hem of the shirt we can do it. www.reliablerelabel.com
Geoffrey Hill, Collected Critical Writings.
Tonight feels like that time I got mono and didn't know any inside jokes when I came back to school two months later. Bitches.
I won't kill you baby...unless you decided not to bribe me with her new album.
I love that!
absolutely. Playing an older Madden is like working with a Speak and Spell.
Berklee's Turntable Ensemble flipped some Dilla and asked me to rock, then we shot a video in !
#rulesoftwitter don't steal other people's tweets
Sorry, might not see it. IPhone acting up. As Charlie Brown would say, "Rats!" cRT : Can't wait to see it!
wide awake =/
Good night my Europeans.
Warm in bed!
cheaters and whiners.
Looking forward to Saturday and getting the Church Brewers in here for Brew with the Brewers!
#Question Who is your favorite Seahawk?
9 more followers, then I will have 200, sucks lol;
That awkward moment your scared to sit on the toilet because it might be cold
Thanks for the follow! I <3 coconut oil!
75 percent of donations come in the last 48. dont wanna jinx, but...that shit is sealed.
thanks for the shout out! <3
This special prosecutor is remaining quite composed under an undeniable amount of pressure
hope everything is ok! <3
Have you told your friends to "like" us? When they do, they'll get a coupon for $2 Off Any Sandwich
RT : High quality means you achieve longevity, durability and the versatility!
True BLOOD RULES!!!
Have fun!! I want to hear all about it!
Gymm...I'm taking this diet seriously
Tweet tweet.
So I just got back from dropping my mom off at work, time too go back too bed
I'm playing #CityFriends on iPhone! Find me on plus+, my username is 'simpo61'.
Headed to CMA office for the #1 party "If Heaven Wasn't So Far Away" written by Brett Jones, Rob Hatch & Dallas Davidson
That Dre/beets picture is the funniest!! Classic.
Welcome! How awesome to see you here!
Whitney you were our sister and our friend. You inspired us through your music and your great talent. Many loved you and you'll be missed.
I'm almost done. It's such a great book. :)
First #OscarsUpset! Congrats The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo – Angus Wall and Kirk Baxter
get we need him.
it's amazing how the students I know and work with somehow manage to turn everything around to make it about them. talk about
interesting. Current dog not at all bothered by thunder but newly adopted one may/may not have issues. Was curious.
Overeem's argument is now that he took multiple doses of shots from vial, but didn't know of any banned substance in it. Huh.
Thank you too Gary. Always a pleasure to retweet your material.
I guess #Marissa should have shot an unarmed 17 yr old black kid. She would be walking free today.
I love that #eureka doesn't marginalize minorities or women in the show
just found you Khue ;)
Never go to Jackson Hewitt to do your tax return!
your amazing! It would totally make my day, if you would please follow me!
I think needs a video game break.
Ready for some nerd humor? NPR's Science Friday has its annual April Fool's Days joke show (on FM 88.5 in DC)--starts in 15 minutes
Link doesn't work. :-(
5 days till my birthday !!! Yaaaay :)))
Looks lily-ish.
Great start to my weekend with a free vanilla latte from the Rice Coffeehouse!!
Director of Marketing just gave me a "fist bump" for how much moving to #SQLReporting2008 improved the look and usability of a report....
what happens if u hold down the power button? Do you get a debug menu?
absolutely. You guys are rockin' it. Let's connect again one of these old days!
aw thank u for the shoutout i wuld give u one now but my dumb computer wont let me tweet ill doo it l8r tho =]
Due to adverse weather looking to be on it's way, tonight's Whirlwind ride is called off. See you next week!
RT \m/ : if you're not already...you should follow ... they're good!
What I still want is software to handle tweets, Facebook, and RSS feeds exactly as if they were email, but with pass-through for faves, etc.
Not like you don't already look beautiful everyday!
Jeff Lewis is hillarious!
Lol school was a blast is it wrong to flirt? Its not like we kissed lol
Who wants to get on my account and delete my Dms? I have 13 and there all spams! /:
okay Dain it's time to get your lazy ass out of bed.
where are you at right now? lol idk anywhere
It's the last day of classes at ! It's been a great semester!
Corelogic purchases Tarasoft Matrix last month....i am looking for Tarasoft developers.
Craving sushi right now
You know, the description almost reads like a wine bottle label. And I love that it's "eco-friendly."
i will..i just need to get all my faith back & not lose hope.
Tina Fey: Photobombing queen
found the largest bike helmet in the world, it's still too small
#ThePerfectFan I may not be a #BackstreetMom, but i'll always be your fan. going to watch Arthur featuring
I'm frm da city where u gotta grind for Wat u want fuk waitin on a Hand Out!
Sounds great, would love to come out there sometime.
Gave her that dope dick now I got her running back
I appreciate the support! Not to be a downer or anything, but UK visit = $$$$ I don't have :-( Will have to wait for a while
glad u did (:
Have faith in me, <3
I'm very happy I missed this debate. ( nailed it - this should be a holistic debate if we're going to have it, not a partial one)
Can we not say it?
Agreed. Scottsdale is very lovely! :)
It's only my second day living on my own but I've already changed a whole lot in terms of taking my pants off to do everything.
": I delete my whole password when I type a single letter wrong. Retweet if you do the same"
Chilling at the house.
definitely Gio if he's still on team
Rep. Jim Jordan, chair of the Republican Study Committee (RSC), was the special guest speaker at the Carmel YR meeting.
Have you ever noticed that when you decide to be positive and feel grateful, everything is more beautiful and works well? That's the matrix.
RIP the Dougie and M-bone of Cali Swag District, wont be the same without ya
Turning in my text books tomorrow! (:
RT all this crap cuz i knoow she wont try and look at it all
Kids in love -Mayday Parade
idk what you're talking about, i can't believe this game isn't trending right now
Keep tweeting the pro Spurs tweets. I love every minute.
can't tell if you're being sarcastic.
Dude, I wanna play nightcrawlers
"Give A Man A Fish And You Feed Him For A Day, Teach A Man How To Fish And You Feed Him For A Lifetime."
randy moss will never be a packer..were actually one of the last classy organizations left
i love my life and the ones in it XOX
Hate being woke up from a nap to do chores that's someone else's job to do!
S/O to D4L/G-Unit,, ,, and my homie BRASKI!
What is a more accurate way of measuring ingredients - by weight or volume?
seems like just yesterday #OneTime came out. time flys. happy birthday justin<33 :]
on why I'm a vampire: "You sleep during the day. You wear lots of sunscreen. You have an affinity for red things."
Kudos to Derek Whitmore on being called up to Buffalo. Can't keep a good westsider down
RT : All these guys are the same after prison they jump from girl to girl
APA is trying to correct. Check out their algorithm on dev screen. Also, disconnect between med home and part c EI services.
Been there, done that!
mentioned this to me. Sounds great! Lots of interpretations out there. Look forward to seeing yours!
wku hangin in... down 4 under 16 timeout...Clark Co kids bought in n worked tails off to earn this trip to
I call him cigarette... Gotta take him for a drag “: What do you call a dog with no legs? #lamejokethursday”
Offshore software development outsourcing has
why you say umm ?
Thank you for the compliments! We'll pass it along to Steve! ^TM
Watch Fox News for their story using Yoga Class Instructor Sky
bad attitudes <<
Powerwalked to yoga so fast that now I'm chillin in mcd's to kill time
Charlie is quite the cutie... nice mid-drive snag! Keep us updated with new pics!
ya think...... I deal with the same issue with gravy...
Thanks for the tweets! Greatly appreciate the support.
Livestreaming the Pollinator Partnership presentations today! Be sure to check for the archived videos soon coming to NMNH's iTunes U!
Scratch that - today is Wednesday...nothing fabulous today...
Its hard being strong when I wanna break down so badly
Sufjan was performing at the Chicago Theater last weekend. I am SO sad it was sold out!
In need of a new avi <<<<
Chess club today before school. Jake is getting good. Glad to see digital graphics aren't his only interest.
Great photo! Love the Pink!
Ha! He's my fave!
RT Got thru the workout. Tough one.... Shower time, then day 2 of the #Moneyball Literacy Tour. We at Lewton Elementary today.
That's what #GZ said oath, yet on the 911 call he described Trayvon as a teen. Sounds like perjury.
RT : Here is the transcript & stats for tonight's #GetRealChat. Stats are still being built....
Did anyone notice the background music in the LOST preview for next week was from the 1971 version of Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory?
what do u mean?
Keeo your smile white by visiting Studio B Smiles!
Actually typed it right, but epic "correction" by Twr
Gmail is down. I anticipate anarchy and cannibalism will shortly follow.
We've decided that we're going to do some acoustic covers at the Craig Owens show...what do you guys wanna hear?
doh RT Kentucky comes to Bloomington tomorrow to play Indiana........... In Baseball. It starts at 3.
perfect tailgating attire on football Saturday's.
What ever happened to K.P. Envyi?
Life long diehard Skins fan-heart goes out to Vick-hope he will be fine, bk on field soon-home boy-Newport News, Va
its ok. Wish it was a lazy rainy day
Awake at 1:00 am is what happens when you accidentally sleep until noon. Shit.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!65
- haha Indeed! Cheers to the #beer!
#withorwithoutyou I'm will make it in this world
me and aaron looks so cute going to sushi last night, i could kick myself for not taking a pic!
OH YEAH.. FUCK KID FROST ....OLD ASS NIGGA....TRYIN TO TALK DOWN... I HATE DAT MOTHER FUCKA.....
lol I know
The beat hides behind me it never makes me
me neither!!! :D cool, school is school and you can transfer! I wanted to take a year off but my parents would KILL me -__________-
I'm sure at this point it's as much in search of a cafe as it is a strong case for itself.
Get some money to come see me 2ma
You have SO hit the big time. Privileged to be along for the ride!
Can't stop listening to I'm Not Jesus by Apocalyptica ft Corey Taylor...... o.o
Im sick & I feel terrible -.-
but once its done and over and that week is done u'll b glad yu got it
Thanks for all of your hard work reviewing the student speeches Jean! supporters appreciate you! :)
Pandora radio on RH factor would appreciate this
you SHOULD have her job. Start your own podcast. I'd totally listen!
Who opened a whole dr pepper and didn't finish it?! Had to be Christina.
what time u comin?
you miss your life when looking at screens 24/7. There has to be a solution. Great keynote
100% agree! Team
You try really hard to get a girl but once you got have you stop doing the things you did to get her then her feelings die n you wonder why
Nothing says time 2 go 2 sleep like ur mascara actually traveling onto ur contacts blacking out light as if it was WWII Night kids!
text me?
Performing tonight with spinning all night!! I wana c u!
Great article! I have a check list I use before every post. ;)
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 43
They trynna throw my ass in sunset tomorrow.
Today's finds: Hardy annotated *script* of Tess; RL Stevenson list of favorite books & fragment of Jekyll/Hyde; ticket to Kipling's funeral.
Social Media thumb rule: To do it right, allow 1-2 hours per week per social media platform. 2 for FB, 2 for Twitter, 3 for the money...
I need Thursday.
I will always be thankful!
REALLY wish I went to Sedona on the
I've done one. It took forever to load, then it was prob around 2 weeks before I got anything confirming it was up. slow.
Agreed. It was the best change they made to d2L yet. Yet they have so far to go...
Happy Easter to you and you!
Getting ready for the St. Louis-area Harmony Festival this weekend in St. Charles! Pls come see us at First Baptist Church!
I put on for south memphis U.S.P stand up
you always do this!
I agree. Would like to follow up when not out of pocket. Interesting, nonetheless.
WOW you should read that everyday of your life
U never no when ur paths with cross again w/ ppl. Like now, when I have 2 give press passes 2 some1 who was a complete jerk back in the day
8th row, very nice. Not as nice as the Milwaukee one last year tho, thanks to you
Looks like a half-windsor to me
what are you talking about nig ?
such a face
#itsabeautifulworldbecause i just bought 5 pieces of jewelry at Loft Outlet for $8.78. Yeah, that's right. You should be jealous.
I'm shittin' on your whole life!!!
Brilliant. 'Head' would be great right now.
forgot what I did yesterday afternoon, looking at the photos of wonderful wedding cakes, I remembered, I was out on delivery with cake!
It's a struggle to focus today
Working on an alternate short, 7 minute version of JESUS HOOKER
Decided to get back on this Twitter. Next, I might...I might...what else did people first do in 2007?
I'm rockin' while watching Cocoon with my son, who for some reason has been doing a G-rated Russel Brand impression all night
Beats by Dre ear buds in, music up, in bed, time to forget about the entire day
Lmaoooo awww I wish you were here!!! Can you be my valentine from across seas?
If you #throwbackthursday more than one or two things, goodbye. Unless its music. I'm always down for de good classic suggestions :) <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
#NoSleep , think im about to draw something :]
Avishai Cohen – Seven Seas or Adam Rogers – Art Of The Invisible can't choose what to listen to today...
Hah, yeah. When I realized Google wasn't actually making beer themselves, it became far more intriguing.
Hi, I wonder if u got my email re: piece on virginity test trial & if u have a chance to comment? Thank you!
Collective sigh of relief here in Nampa, Idaho
RT “Innovation is not the product of logical thought, although the result is tied to logical structure.” ~Albert Einstein
. Thanks for taking the time to delve into our issue and make sure that we stay a happy customer!
Beauty Tip: Skin brushing improves circulation, brushes dead skin layers, and encourages cell renewal for a much smoother skin and texture.
Our annual gala is May 17!
. Countervailing power to balance the power of the management class, in this instance, elected officials.
Janet Groene&#39;s Church Supper: Everyone Loves a Good Church ...
I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by. - Douglas Adams
Next time don't lie to me when i put my heart out on the line! last week of school will be shity now!
Blessed is that man who makes the LORD his trust, And does not respect the proud, nor such as turn aside to lies. Psalm 40:4
I love
#Igetsoangry when im to high to get up and eat!!
trying to get a little of everything, won't really know what's been shipped to us until the last minute.
#TheAvengers is epic in the truest sense of the word. It's also awesome and many other hyperbolic superlatives.
everybody cares about me!
Todays specials is andouille sausage with peppers and onions on a toasted french roll.
I just don't know if that will be enough to do the trick. Especially if I have headphones on and I'm rocking out to fergalicious
sounds like the only help you need is someone turning your tv off :)
cold inside but so hot outside! 8).
Touching RT : I just bought my first car, so I no longer have nice conversations with my friends when they drop me off.
It totally counts.
Apple could have saved $13B in lost market cap today by calling the iPhone 5 instead of 4S. Oops.
#Seinfeld love it
And in LA, to the Opening. is off the / Party. Catch us if you can!
this is going to be a great show.
Never fails..
aww why thank you :) RT Wow, she's pretty.
isn't that terrible?!? It really makes for a terribly long day.
We're ready for our close-up! is here to film a new commercial!
Seriously, if life were more like a country song rather than a Britney Spears, or Kesha video, love would be A LOT easier to find.
I love jersey gas!!!
The Grind: I am back to it. Happy Monday!
Dont Make Permanent Decisions With Temporary People !
Thought maybe I'd catch you in LA. Planning to be by the studio again though soon per Nick & we can catch up re: Doha & all.
No. Wait. U really don't under stand. Craig lange(brother of issac lange from love boat) taught me how to dj. I wish I was kidding.
pack up the wife & kids and tell them it's time to move to the big city!!
Shutter island
He may not believe me.
Walker maintains he is NOT a target of John Doe investigation and yet he has a defense fund set up. Strange, no?
it's easy to blog & complain about something rather than getting involved to help "fix" what he thinks is wrong...
Nice! Congratz and good luck! How long does the masters take
yes it is my site, no prob with the f bomb here
But... You don't understand... THERE IS A CICADA IN MY APARTMENT.
Ithyphallophobia is a morbid fear of seeing, thinking about or having an erect penis. #odd facts
goodnight. good morning
so write a book about beauty tips. Don't forget to put in it that is only 1/100th Italian. #blockedbyT :-)
JPG-- "horizontal learning": give yourself some time to explore the environment before moving ahead
I seriously love ! Such an amazing message <3 Love you guys!
is it in the Phonedog budget?
Wow Dick Clark dead. Just read this. What a legend.
Throw me a free t shirt RIGHT NOW or I'm leaving.
That awkward moment when doesn't RT you ):
Damn, I liked NBC’s “Prime Suspect”. Thanks for the link.
hahaha! I think it does make me a hipster. AND I didn't even know it! ;)
Not a thing! RT So it's not even 10am & I'm already thinking about a beer at tonight. Anything wrong with that?!
New Orleans: Where you can get out of the shower but you can never dry off.
Setting aside the game ticket from tonight.
Our pleasure! Thank you for sharing your insight with all of us!
Prevent FMLA mistakes, abuse with educated management: Prior to the act, there was no provision for a leave of absence that protected...
My son the aerospace engineer finally found a fulltime job -- as a janitor. Good thing he got that master's degree. (Why did they cut NASA?)
take it easy...
how 'bout jeff niemann, though? :)
today was awesome, and my french class was canceled! c'est la vie
BREAKING: A-Rodgers just traded to the Jets, Giants, and/or Patriots... do you give a fuck yet????????
Supporting witnesses still going strong at ASSET hearing.
I would give the violence isn't the answer speech but sometimes it's needed.. LOL
North Korea, LaMarcus Aldridge, & National Grilled Cheese Day are all trending on Twitter in Portland right now.
What's the deal with these super slim cut Marquette jerseys? I can see pec/ab outlines. What's next, return to short shorts?
I see its roomie vs. roomie today
I'm out of it this morning. I wish I could just lay back down...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
My biggest dilemma: whose coverage of the royal wedding I want to set my dvr to record. CNN? E!? Today show?
Tupac didn't call it "Baby Mama Drama" he called it "Drama For Lookin' Out For My Baby's Mama"
I love how so many girls are hitting on you on here!!!
I really wish more people would follow me on istagram :/
Thanks. Your photos, art & poems on Tumble Words delightful.
As long as you remember me, I don't care if everybody else forgets me.
shut up conner
Damn its friday already
Very nice of you not to call him out...to his face.
yes, siree. kicks ass.
Awesome! You're welcome!
Behind every able man, there are always other able men. -Chinese Proverb
ah ok so he's supposed to be Nostradamus and have qbs w exp avail when the 2 oldest qbs in the prog have been injured 2 years
Any advice about the possibility of moving to Alaska?
an EP is an album Lol
LOL saw that coming...
Please welcome tialing76 to the Max life
THESE MEN GET "BAD BITCHES" CONFUSED WITH "DON'T KNOW HOW TO ACT, SMART ASS BITCHES" SHIT.. IM WITH A SMART WITH AN ASS MISSES! -BRAINS'
OMG why?! Are you tweeting and texting while crossing the road? I know you're not drinking that early lol
wow..you're not there for the view, you're there for the job - and I've had laid into that silliness
fetch this!
Next time...my pants stay ON. Happy Good Fortune Day.
will you be pitching at tonight's game?
Robert C. Pollock~ Love God and trust your feelings. Be loyal to them. Don't betray them.
Healthy ecosystems support growth not just for the host, but for all contributing. I think half of the mobile ecosystem is unhealthy
An early Happy New Year to all my friends and tweeters. Be safe out there.
you must have RELATIONs or the SHIP will sink
yep irrelavant. Another group of women trying to get 5 min of fame. Saf
Thanks, Kandice. That's really important for us to hear.
math final is over! Now it's time for Christmas cleaning and decorating! :)
Happy Friday to all.
#bcn09ruralecon encore performance upstairs right now
A ruthless dictator, Stalin invoked his 'softer side' when once describing writers as the “engineers of the human soul.”
#ThingsThatINeed Money that grows on trees :)
Yahoo!!!!! Finally done with all my online classes /^.^/ \^.^\ Another task checked off my to-do list xD :)))))) :D
Holiday Group Art Reception Tues 12/7 9-11pm We are proud to host another show 4 these very talented local artists Drinks&Small Plate Menu
let it rain over me
Yes!! #MomWisdom RT : But the most important, she taught me that no matter what I should never let anyone steal my joy.
It's an illness.
Sunday football at the Recovery Room...
» I'm sure its not too much for me to handle
we're always lol'ing! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BE>
At work now... can't wait for Georgio's pizza tonight!
Nothing says good times like being on the airport shuttle @ 5 am. To Iowa!
Today we have the Red or Green Chile Cheese Dog Fries and a drink for 6.50
You left the freezer door open this morning and the ice cream is melting. Quick, leave work NOW!
Daily GTKY question: Who has the sexiest accent?
": Jojo is back? What the hell: what hole did she crawl out of? #onehitwonders" omg you used to be obsessed with her.
HA. RT": Perfect timing. Cheney's book comes out the day after 60 million Americans get waterboarded."
Dear today: I give up. Kindly disappear into the ether with my sushi delivery. I'm going to bed.
Guess I'll roll up
I'm hoping for some Bill Hurt Altered States shenanigans to go down.
You're familiar with #ABQ then!
I am working hard, night and day. Keep the faith because the good Lord provides.
Ima kill Tamara is she change our plans !
stop working play twitter!
Would guess Dayne Train
The Grizzlies played good, Lionel Hollins is a terrible coach.. Learn what lineups work and which dont..
well it's much appreciated..thank u
I'm wit u on dat free boosie campaign
I think I'll go back to sleep when they leave
Thankful for family, friends, food, shelter, health, wisdom, pets, music, art, flowers, coffee and chocolate. Thankful I can give.
Today's ill-considered analogy in class: serialism was sort of like WWI. Historically inevitable, unpopular, impossible to end once begun.
At least I know Austin won't feel awkward me when he eats, cause eat the same way haha
“: #ILoveWhen u text me first. It lets me know that you actually thought about me.”
Is giving her the good ol' north pole.
Thanks to everyone who dropped off recyclables on Saturday at The Paramount Theatre in Anderson. We filled 5 trucks! YOU ROCK!
Waiting for and friends to pick me up for a weekend of running...and bourbon...welcome to Kentucky!
The whole object of travel is not to set foot on foreign land; it is at last to set foot on one's own country as a foreign land.
I want purple in my hair again I miss it! Haha
On the upside, it's so nice to have the day off.
The key is to need less.
Why is there such a disparity in cost among different colors of granite counter tops? Simply supply and demand... Some colors are more rare
State of The World : 2012.
Come on I'm Dean and my hands are so clean at this moment I am stapling. - Community
How long can I keep wearing my white blazer? Is it not OK after labor day?
by the Bishop on 4th and walnut.
Passion rules the game..So.. What are you passionate about?
Tomorrow is cancelled... We are having a
We think our son's early vocalizations are just his attempt to sing like Danzig live.
Make your contests shareable
yeah the original is awesome but its gotta be #commercialfree. Just say NO to commercials. Hahaha
Actually, I have a small cadre of people who are overdramatic, but think that I'm the drama. Not true. I guess I should make it stop.
Four days and counting until BackStory's relaunch as a weekly show!
Can you please give me a shoutout I need to get to 500 followers :) xox
Make that TWO heaps, please! RT I am gonna need a HEAP of coffee for this day!
What if one of the GOP candidates or Obama raised a bunch if funds for their campaign and then gave most if it away to struggling Americans?
Hate sleeping alone tho<<<<<
Please stop by one night so we can see this Batman Snuggie that the city is buzzing about!!!
You are HORRIBLE! And/or the best matchmaker ever.
Looking like you're right Sean...Ravens are the better team...nuff said...good call!!
About to see my best friend #soexcited she is bound to cheer me up after a rough loss. Still love the hogs!
add me
Can't fall asleep. Too excited for tomorrow.
u made twitter :)
wow. that dude crazy...what did you think of the finale?
Register to volunteer with iMentor, a technology-based mentoring program in New York City. www.imentor.org,
Thank you for the RT Simon!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 38
Did some errands and now just cleaning my place up a bit. I'm looking forward to tonight
was some #extrascarring for sure
Just got to work and you're already dreaming about lunch. Treat yourself to our lunch buffet today from noon-3PM, just $9.95/FL residents!
Listening to Ralph Murphy speak on songwriting at the
#shedidntcallbecause nobody uses their phones for that anymore, and when someone does call, it's kind of annoying
RT - #insaneproclamations the Jacksonville Jaguars will make it to the Super Bowl.
The way these females waving at me you wud think a cab passed. lol
If you guessed that my twitter account got hacked, you're right. And I fixed when tipped me off. Thanks pal.
I wish I had seen that before I voted. May you campaign be more successful than mine for County Exec.
i really despise waking up at 6:00 everyday during the week
"I happen to be the exact age of Sesame Street" Great PBS moments Shane. It's no wonder you wound up where you are.
Love following these hashtags today: #rrhof or
LVHCG gives you all the resources and support you need to lose 1-2lbs per day on the HCG Diet www.facebook.com/LVHCG for support
yey j ma! twitter is awesome!
Chris Claremont donated his papers to Columbia University. New career goal: work at Columbia's Rare Book & Manuscript Division
With a rainbow in the background??
Automation Engineers, Software Controls Designers, Quality Engineers, Panel Wiring, IT Operator, UG Designers.... know any?
Alabama and UNC tied. But Bama had all 4 in first round.
hey jeydon! i tweet you as much as how much i support you...<3 you follow me?
RIP Don Cornelius "Love Peace & Soul"
Anyone available to help distribute fliers tomorrow or Thurs? Mainly just placing them at local coffee/book shops, bars, deli, restrnts.
So you guys should really come to dallas sometime <3 would love to see you guys
oh I've mentioned it to her. She has other agendas.
Cigarettes are gross...
“The average dog is a nicer person than the average person
so nice to meet you!!!
I voted for Mark as The Joker as my very favourite in the #VGAhumanmale category at least 5 times already!!
American Voices: | Maybe he left it in the pockets of another pair of pants?
I have Boomkat's "The Wreckoning" stuck in my head.. "I came, I saw, I kicked some ass, the pain I caused it makes me laugh...."
Its YOUR life, so DONT waste YOUR time worrying about how other people live theirs.
thank you for educating me and insulting me at the same time. Xoxo
have you had the Northern Grill cheese curds? I think they are the best curds I've ever had!
Giveaway: Schatzii Smart Screen Cleaner For iPad, Tablets, Mobile Phones Schatzii has some sexy swag to give away for mobile, computer an
Thats the Big Question WHY??? Me??? Wish I was born with a silver spoon in my Mouth... I luv Giving But Hate Asking 4 Shit
Lol I don't know if that will ever change
The Ducks have a 6.2 percent chance of winning the lottery
is there any evidence for flawed ideology...?
should be a blessing lol
have you seen the video? hahaha.
In to work 6 hours early. 9 espressos and a PB and J means I should get some laundry and reading done, if you know what I mean.
Haha nobody likes the Rebecca Black video?
I wish! I'm already in my pj's and makeup-less on my couch :)
Is today something special? Whatever, I can't remember. I'm getting a snack
Watching Mork & Mindy - Robin Williams is a riot
“ I prefer texting than talking on the phone..”
or dad - but he will get his OWN special for Father's Day.
I just commented on her status :)
Dis woman just said its national grill cheese sandwhich day .....
NO YOU TAKE YOUR BOOMSTICK AND SHOVE IT.
Already thinking about my next trip. Barely even started this one.
I've been doing well. The wind has been tough. I have to work on my run. I drove the triathlon route the other day. How r
Disrespecting the President? Or, sheer racism? Beyond belief! When will it ever end?
Even if you were, why would they feel the need to nose around?Everyone is beautiful, even if you were, who the bleep cares?
doing great! Have a great day ahead of you!:)
Amanda on Twitter will be great. She does NOT hold back.
When someone tells you that they always see you smiling, and it makes their day every time>>>.
Did I just unfriend you? I suck at Twitter, let's still be friends please.
Pussy so wet feel like she peed on herself ooowwweee
Bodies being found on Peachtree with they heads cut off - motherfucker I'm Joe
May 12 is Fibromyalgia Day. A lifelong illness for over 10 million in US alone w/no cure. The chronic pain is "invisible." Please "RETWEET."
Slow going today. I just finished a 3.26 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Our Albany office has expanded and moved to 421 New Karner Rd, Suite 12. Happy to have a new engineer and new sales rep on board!
Exercised 4 times last werk and on purpose! Plus swam today! I'm so proud of me. Hope to start losing weight:-)
Are you happy with your graphic tablet?
Rolling out Tuesday bigtime! Who is coming? Firehouse college night!
right on, mention us when it's out!
jk I have juice now
Studio bound
the glass castle.
Each time you love, love as deeply as if it were forever. -Audre Lorde
2.5 hours left of work. Nothing interesting online.
haha isn't it nasty?!?!? Ive done it and will never do it again xD
Thx for the #FF Keeping me on my toes
Hey! What's up babe?!
lol, I bet.
Well, Greg from now knows a) How valuable he is. b) How terrible the agency is.
“: sometimes my timeline makes me want to punch myself in the face.”
Congrats to my cousin, , on her work w on
miss you more!!!
Affordable Programs offered by Chicago Hair Replacement Provider
yea I could have came outside :)
And this picture is to hot, so Imma need you to stop okay?! :)
A true friend is someone who is there for you when he'd rather be anywhere else.
UK Spartan Floridian"Simon Thunder the Savior of Rock -n- Roll" is in town again.You gotta luv visionary acceptance,affection&feeling!
PFT NO NO ! and wait im gonna send you something by dm!:)
We like 2D too. No worries.
Thankfully I haven't seen who won yet. It's pretty obvious it'll be Kimstache though.
Hacked hacked hacked hacked hacked hacked hacked. MUAAHHHAHAHAHAHA???
Who's filling in love girls... Stop Playing :(!!!
I thought I was running late... i'm five minutes early.
even better!!! I'm ready for it!! Hopefully it comes out before the summer!!! LOL
Am i a creeper?
2 mos w/out service now. Multiple calls, new modem & 2 techs=waste of time. Underground cable needs replacing.
Lolol, that was SO longer ago when I wrote that. How you been
4th wife huh? i'll let the rest of the harem know, we'll stage a mutiny. in other words, i miss you!
There was almost an altercation in the middle of the street til the dude put in his tampon and drove away
I think its high time for a major #Change in my life. I need to be on my own for a while.
My macbook adapter just died.
RT one thing worse than quitting is being afraid to begin,
I love that song I can listen to it all day
It's delightful, isn't it. I have two night classes and I'm dead by the time I get home.
I am tryin to do it big my peoples shit I am spittin real emotions to u people show a nigga love
Going good! Oct. will be here before we know it!
": #AstrologyFacts #Geminis count their successes according to the number of lives they touch and the people they inspire."
BIG TIME let's RUSH this work day!
I'm not in anyway bitter about today. Congrats to Man City and all there fans. To many pussies in football today
jealous you're in cabo!
i was sleep punk dnt try that lol
Coming home from school , mommy & daddy has carne asada , arroz , frojles , tortillas, guacamole and salsa de tomate prepared Yum :)
My single shift turned into a double. I need sleep!!!
why are their so many haters doe??? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
You said either way I'll be a star I could go so far~
Happy (early) Birthday !
no i didnt, it was crayons RT : You ate glue as a child “ lol! hell is wrong with us?”
Facebook Changes On March 30'th Facebook is going to automatically transfer all business pages to the new format, although you can...
Finally able to lay outside and tan YAYAYAYAY
so how ya doin today
Shout out to all my followers! Have a great day!
The time is always right to do what is right.
RT : #Patriots announced they signed veteran RB Joseph Addai.
Hella chipmunks out :)
once he hears the tracks he'll fuck wit the Clouds. we workin lowkey, shits gone show.
Sorry but since I flirt daily w/max number people can follow on Twitter, I'm not going 2 follow tweets in other languages. Can't understand!
": Loyal females deserve the world"
It's the truth! Plus, I love seeing Kendall's adorable face! So cute
Sometimes I forget how disgustingly organized I am.
double woo hoo, then! Much luck to you.
can't say that would be the most successful of practices though.
Anyone looking to make some banana bread? We've got a bunch of old bananas that would be a shame to waste! Just ask!
Our puppy has the hiccups. I've never seen a dog so confused (and adorable!).
Follow they auto follow back!
no prob. Thanks
Yesterday was. :) And thank you, Nat!
I looked at your trailer, it looks good, when does it come out, who wrote it? I can't wait until I create something good also
This game is just AMAZING
can you email me? address is in my bio
we call that: Herbs, 2 ways
Beautiful day in Georgia! :) it was nice getting to stop by home with a gang of Berklee peeps! We're now Florida bound!
Vladimir Kozlov was a great wrestler!
yes, yes it is.
If you ever want to know how to properly hook your audience for the next episode WATCH #TheWalkingDead's latest episode. So good. Gosh dang.
ah, well, snow is fun sometimes!
Their little teeth chattered at first. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
You'll find as you grow older that you weren't born such a great while ago after all. The time shortens up. -William Dean Howells
So sad and crazy...
This is the week of custom orders. Do you have something custom in mind? Let me make it for you!!
RT : RIR Doug Fritz resigned to "pursue other career opportunities." New pres is Dennis Bickmeier, former VP at MIS.
Happy New Year's everybody! Be safe.
#DidYouKnow that Cary Hoffman’s PBS special was just re-aired on over 40 stations nation-wide?
Feels different going home one the bus still.
Lol! RT : S/O to the pastor that's preaching with his Bluetooth still on his ear!
The artist alone sees spirits. But after he has told of their appearing to him, everybody sees them.
BBQ and craft beer at my local pub (Barbarella Bar) = nice weekend treat
Welcome To Jamaica Reggae!
I'm no genius, but I am smart enough to know that there is no ''x'' in the words ''especially'', ''espresso'', or ''ask''...
The Nintendo 3DS update is now live in the US and Europe! FOLDERS!
Thanks for the follows, I as always I will follow back until I get lost
instead of learning from my mistakes i like to dwell on them until i have a panic attack.
Angela Kim! I've met you a couple o' times! Nice to see the LAPL library retweeting you.
#latenightconfessions I don't stop just because she passed out.
IPhone 4/4S CASES BUY ONE...GET ONE FREE( Buffalo area). Let me know!
Aka "Kitty, the liberal-arts major"...
LOVE! RT : God has resolution for your pain, a reason for your struggle and a compensation for your faithfulness. Don't give up!
"I saw this wino, he was eating grapes. I was like, "Dude, you have to wait."-
wish I would have heard more of Bua tonight. They were cooking.
It's an EZESKANKIN mix tapes kinda day.
We the unwilling, led by the unqualified, are doing the impossible for the ungrateful
Step #14: give up attachment
how kind!
I just heard your view point about the case on the Talk..Wonderful is all I can say!
Graduating from college? Looking for a job as a Jewish professional/educator? Contact me! I can connect you w/ some exciting opportunities!
How to Track Off-Site Clicks as Goals in Google Analytics
All too often during PO's, especially after games like G2, things get heated. Good job all around thus far
didn't like the crickets I bought u??
great idea! Love Style Me Pretty boards
if you put a map on your website make it something that can be enlarged. what the heck is this tiny thing that i can't see?!
looks really pretty today.... Well that's every day :)
All the people that used to make fun of me now i wanna throw it in their face #ifyouknewwhatittook not to do it
Hey: , will you have a second screening of Laduma in Kansas City, maybe Fine Arts cinema that showed Pelada?
you killed it with this one. Excellent work sir. Every bit of it.
On the plane Las Vegas bound ......
RT I am absolutely voting YES on the #SAGAFTRA merger! #OneUnion "
cant wait
put that pipe down ;-)
Installing a new aerator to your sink could save up to a half-gallon of water per minute.
from earlier?
Me either Ian. Love doing it with you guys though!
Henry Samuel As a Francophile, I very much enjoy your Paris reports.
My motto for the presidential election is "Let the best candidate win". Which means for the 1st time we will not have a president.
I dont have it... Sorry..
This is a bit delayed, but Happy Valentine's Day!
#LifeWouldBeBetter things went my way
Hoping for warmer weather today. The sunshine is beautiful but where did the warm weather go?!
Fuck Evan Turner
going to look..
It's Sunday funday!! Come see us for live music now
Home after Dad's Night at Canterbury with the boys. They did great with the singing, acting, art, etc.
I'm working hard at my desk and Kelly says, "you look so cute with your little notebook!" Come on now...
If you're still planning on a trip to Manila, call me. Some start-ups you should talk to.
Should EngineYard hold free Ruby on Ruby bootcamps to get more web developers trained on Ruby? What do you think?
hahah, get that elevator music playing
In honor of Earth Day (which is also my bday), I'm going to tweet some greenish tips from MONEYLESS MAN this week. Get your green on!
#WMHS GRADUATION was a success!! :D
Zimmerman charged with 2nd Degree Murder.
P.pressley is a boss
NeYo Is My New Husband[: <3
folks need to realize state sales tax need to be added to one of those 9s! In Fl. it'll be 17% sales tax on every purchase!
: CANT WAIT !! Now boyfriend is going to be beast what I'm saying is BEAST ! I love you kidrauhl !! #swag 47
IT WAS :D hahahah
Betta answer my text before shit gets real!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Yes,Ottrina was a great meeting !! Great things are coming !!!
Pop machine didn't gimme no change!
hola hannah banana(:
all about that jazz!
“: <U+2764>When the world says, "Give up," Hope whispers, "Try it one more time."<U+2764>”
ignore my last tweets that was Martin, a crazy Slovokian!!
ahahaha yea I wanted want you to die enroute to vegas lmao
a future
you should stay haha
As we've reported in the past, the earliest the #INStateFair case would go to trial would be 2013
Um....Packer corners? & that's coming from a Pack fan No body can keep a team in the game like the Steelers Corners.
2weeks of school left im gonna shitttt my pants.
Thanks bro
#WhatGives I made a milkshake and no boys are in my yard! #Damnit -_-
Screaming "hey you" at someone you barely know but see all the time won't get you far. Take the time to learn their name :)
Mention on twitter today and we'll send you a free download for our single "Deadlocks"!
if you would FOLLOW ME id be the happiest #boyarianator in the world <333 2
All my hunger game homies can you give me a hoorah!
why are people so nosey? RT for that good ol' follow
While you was in school and bustin' ya fuckin' ass, I was ditchin' class and havin' a fuckin' blast.
Honestly, is like the only thing I ever talk about anymore...I wonder if people get annoyed with me? #OhhWell #IDontCurr (:
Ya'll mother fuckers owe me for all the shit I hook you up with.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PAYTON... you said my name was pretty before hehe thankyou!<3
Now that livin life Grouch Much Love. Real
how's it going???
yeah. Well at least you have stuff to do over the summer. I don't got any friends here.
New favorite word
Started Stockton Beer Week. Visit our page and hit 'like.'
BTW - only 60 pages left in boom two... Obviously you know what I'm doing right now! Let's hope I can read quickly :-)
7246505905 i think im in there as 2gz
Mac Miller fans are silly. Where's ya osiris and bookbags at??? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0086>
Best seat in the house for Oscars and yes I'm wearing Calvin Klein...pajamas...cause the best seat is my COUCH....Oscar time baby!
glad to hear you made the right choice. Next time make it a glass of piattelli. We are an Argentine Winemaker. Great wine
Thanks to those people that came out for the event today. We had a great time and I think people liked it. Interview w/ KXAN tomorrow!
are you guys going to do anything on ESPN Classic for Joe Pa? In years past ESPN Classic has done some good tributes to coaches!
The way you talk.. that's me.
Rocky has a weak weenie. Any horrible shock makes him dribble a bit. I find it kinda funny and annoying a bit, too.
so far so good. I'm getting ready for the gym. Then work after that.
Happy hour!
I'll take a coffee jelly, too!
Ack - twitter spam takeover?!? Getting fake msg from followers and spam mentions?
Nevva Gave Two Fucks Double Rubbers
he made you guys write about it? o:
and you too!!
working on creating my own website...great communication tool to use with parents
RT : Thanks to all my followers the old and new- itz easy following beauty worth following :)
Success! Made it to Vancouver in time to enjoy the perfect weather for a few hours.
For tonight's guest list, send names to 916-295-0720.
So many bell and light options for my bike!
Does anyone have any awesome New Year's resolutions? How about some mediocre ones?
This sartuday night the full moon will be the largest of the year. Cool
Dropped 14.5 pounds in 6 weeks, 7 to go, goal will then be met. I think I can that in 4 more weeks.
Byron can die in a fire
Rise and shine, it's brunch time!
wtf...im so sick of every body tlkin bout the earthquake....you planning your death rite dere if you sayin we gonn die
Woo this girl is so shady
We're at LMU hydrating near the Del Rey North Dorms - swing by for an ice cold ! Stay Hydrated, Lions!
u rule back! Lol
Very cool and thanks for posting a pic of your cake printed with Inkedibles. Enjoy!
I knew you would appreciate my insight
#sixmiles are near st. Louis... might be my only fellow cardinals supporters at
Went in for summer highlights and came out with MUCH lighter hair! Lol
You'll just end up being someone else to blame.
Good picks! Definitely my micro-plane and lime juicer too! Also love my salad dressing immersion blender.
Traded for M. Lynch so that I didn't have to start both Texans' backs..he got hurt in pregame so had to start them anyway..it worked out ok
Unless you count it as a glitch in logic and common sense. ;-) /cc
I was referring to me making fun of the crappy #SawItOnFSOhio hashtag. I'm just using it to make fun of how stupid it is.
New Banging to that new put here in Miami just dropped like a minute ago..
#Dad2Be tips RT Single dad night tonight so its meat based dinner and "Senna" for me. Once I bribe the kids to bed.
The World’s Longest Bar is over 405 ft long with 160 bar stools! I cant imagine what their busy night looks like.
Its hilarious man..lol
ARod stepping up in Post..WOW
I don't know I seriously liked #HowtoMakeit and thought it was a great ode to the NYC young-gunners... You tryna shaft my generation??
I asked the same question at the show in Dayton two weeks ago.
I'm happy to share our mortgage dude's info, if you guys want it!
Can we leave our car in valet while we see #AdamCarolla? Show starts at 8. :)
Waiting for the bus on 27 & North an old man says to me "white man in the hood, damn that's good." Not sure how to respond I smile and nod.
Agreed! GCB is great! It will be missed! :(
ok. I just didnt knw wht else to say.
pray for those who lost family in 9/11. it was a tragic day.
Life sucks and then you die.
I love training so much, I'm going to two four hour sessions today. Yay?
how can I get the July/August 2011 Big Guns of Texas issue?
Pain is temporary, pride is forever
Are you planning on remodeling this spring? What projects are on your "to do" list?
oh my bad. Vinewood? Lakewood? Sound the same to me. Ha ha. Rob, I found you in our '85 yearbook!!! Classic!
Y'all are perfect.
#LiesThatAlwaysWorked saying "I get it" when someone tells a joke...you don't wanna seem lame so just say you get it when you have no clue
feeling blessed... got training tmrrw. im excited abt it, this might be the turnabout in my life, and set me straight!
nice. Vietnam vets are badasses... Everyone thats in wished theyy could be like those guys. Especially machine gunners, which i am
I love Animaniacs.
When your best friend is with a douche bag<<<<
so true
Aaron Houdini Rodgers....gets himself outta trouble, and throws a TD....this guy is friggin AWESOME
Good day 5280!!!
pandora, doing this packet !
RT if your sleepy :)
Thanks for posting photo of #drakerelays street painting. There are times when I miss Drake! (winter is not one of those times)
a word that was rarely used beyond academic and arts circles but has exploded and is everywhere--usually in connection with a cliche
GETTING THEM DONE FOR THE WEEKEND
Anyone looking for a website for the business? I'm working on a website that will be available for purchase soon! Be on the lookout!
yeah, one of the stadiums is in my city too, pretty cool.
Nearly 5000 without power on Albuquerque's West Side. More info soon on www.krqe.com.
Stay classy Big 12!
If the Nats are in contention, they won't shut him down.
“: really k was late. Go XU!” isn't it Go Gangsta's!
Screw pcs. Fuckin crashing and ruining my studio day.
“: I have the worst gay-dar.”- me too! Cannot differentiate.
We just walked by some 5th grade boys playing basketball at St. Therese and Letty went NUTS
SCREW EM! your the best Aaron!!! REPEAT SB MVP!!!!
Yay our pic is cute! You were a great model!
You know you live in the future when #hackers use data to make apps farmers use to grow fruit in hidden lands in one day.
Thanks for the RT and the follow ! Have any good weekend recommendations?
Misread that as giraffe at first. Might have been a more interesting article.
What's up my Sac'rs!? Super Amazing Man here (or SAM for short). The Sac is sending me to Des Moines, IA Friday. What is fun to do there?
Off to Antigua tomorrow morning- Can I really rest for a week?
Don't fall in love there's just too much to lose. Don't guys just don't.
Makes you want to buy an iPad!
Damn #ARod just bombed one over the #GreenMonster. Right down the heart of the plate. Ouch.
Nice, but where's our #NoNo. “: Scott Hairston records the 10th cycle in Mets history.”
It pains me to see ears that gaged.
If only there was such a class!
we are so in if u'll still have us! maybe you could do a library slumber party/support tour?
Is it something i said ? Or just my personality
That weird place where I haven't slept but am over-caffeinated and if I sleep I'll be chased by knife-wielding killer clowns in my dreams.
“: like probably 100...:)” that's a damn great probability <3 the probability that I love you is about over 9000.
Note: The Christmas Story sucks. BAD.
it was good. Thank you for asking :)
Students may change registration or withdraw from courses without Academic Penalty through Thursday, October 27.
Gaming in library instruction actibely introduces students to spaces and librarians
how did the Melrose show and shoot interview go ? Sorry I missed it but I'll be there for the next one !
Maggie Smith has delivered several of the best lines of the evening, for sure!
Drinking OJ and relieved my internet is working again.Felt strange not being able to read email except on cell which I hate.
you are real rihanna ??
Texting while I'm pooping >
thanks billy!!
yup back down to 40s tomorrow and snow on Monday smh..I love my city but can't wait to move next month!! Enjoy TODAY!!
ditto : I am amazed at how bad the design of Apple's iCal in Lion. The pg turning delay, the skin. The same company that made iPod?
#CoachOfTheYearAward goes to Pace for being the sickest coach I've ever played for.
For we walk by faith, not by sight 2 Corinthians 5:7 it is very important to speak positivity into life into your life and believe.
Sheriff Jerry Demings now talking at #FAMU #hazing presser: 27 OCSO personnel worked on case, he says.
People seldom improve when they have no other model but themselves to copy.Oliver Goldsmith
Checking out Philharmonic
sure hope so!
Man I feel good.
Get off my twitter.
I want a new case <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
good luck
you the truth!
Rainbow Housing’s “Partner of the Year” Awarded to United States Golf... Every spring, Rainbow Housing Assistance Corporation (Rain
Agreed!! I'll go with your thought process. Lol
wedding registry wasted... time for a nap
Thanks, ! Would love to see you at #happyhour on Sept. 20! CC:
Does Love Field Airport have an air conditioner?
nope. 15 1/2 for your permit and 16 for your license :)
ya it's the start of something bad a$$
Need to find an affordable overnight camp that we can send all 4 of our kids to this summer, so that the adults can stay home and play!
#nf follow back
Bad part of watching #SAG screeners in the comfort of your home? Falling asleep. Will try again tonight....loved the Hawaiian music tho...
Make up girl isn't wearing make-up. Holy fuck!
Just woke up looking good so for that's good much love to all the people around the world coming from the black royal star go
#thatawkwardmoment when you're the sole couple on the dancefloor and thieves/caterers/men in wigs are just waiting to rob you
I can do it I can do it I can do it I can do it I can do it I can do it I can do it I can do it I can do it I CAN DO IIIIIITTT!!!!
kink in my neck this morning...not fun
My hair is about to be so friggin sweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Friday feels so far away...
I've installed the app, but I don't actively use it. It's kind of annoying to get all those FB notifications.
- Kansas City Royals
I got the same underwear that I was mowing the lawn in on earlier . fuck it. YOLO
o ok I am one the nicest people in my school people just always wants to bring some1 down I get bullied all the time
One of the best feelings in the WHOLE WORLD is when you know you are blessed with TRUE FRIENDS <U+2665>
Living without a dream is pointless. rt
follow meh cuz my tongue is unnaturally long. Like seriously, it makes my frends run away.
Happy Birthday Stephanie Mills~ May God continue to bless you!!!
in louisville!
I agree the guy next to Vinnie interuptes everybody all the guests : (
Pasties and glitter, it shows that you do not have daddy issues
Why. Why do librarians need to have SO MANY WORDS on EVERY DAMN PAGE?
How a man plays a game shows something of his character, how he loses shows all of it.
Awesome. I think Jos has dance, but Pay and I will try to come. Thanks for letting me know.
Well, mothers day is over, guess its time to take down the tree and Christmas lights...fucking holiday season.
as a NY-er (born and raised) who loves dytopian fiction I feel like #ZoneOne was written just for me. :) My thanks!
Just saw the actor that plays Stanley from #TheOffice in an episode of
At New England Steel Drum (Pan) Festival at Sugarloaf Ski Resort..found empty gym for shooting workout this morning..
Anyone in New York (E of Chinatown on Monroe) check in on my, Aunt Sunday afternoon that would b wonderful. Please, drop me a message in box
Super! Looking forward to your set! RT : We're playing at #SXSW! 5pm on Saturday. Sweet!
Daily GTKY Question: Who’s the worst television or movie waitress/waiter of all time?
#Spurs SHOULD sweep the
M&M's are my downfall!
Shirley, thanks much for the RT. I thought it was a great article.
downloading too! Congrats!!
Dennis Miller just tweeted the f-bomb now. What next?
WTF IS THIS? Is this music ! Nick cannon stop.
Is that my Browns flask?
Waiting to finally meet with insurance about the hail damage to my car several weeks ago. This is going to be more interesting than expected
I'm just waiting for a bold, courageous restaurant that IS responsible for lost or stolen items.
whether i have a little or a lot..i like to share
"We want to see a world where all data begins with consent."
hmm.. sounds like something id like!
A friend just said to me....children are like poems, only their creators really like them.
Aren't you a virgin Ant? RT : IF I have any babies out there, Happy Mother's day to their moms!
Getting ready for tomorrow's Food Makers Group in
I think I owe more of my success in Geology to Ross Gellar than I do to my actual professor.
I'm going with #broncos over #patriots next week...#tebow has convinced me!
I will always remember where I was when I heard about Steve Jobs resigning. Twittering on my iPhone.
See Blake live at Innovate! RT Blake Mycoskie, CEO of Shoes, On Social Entrepreneurship, Good Stories, And His New Book
I totally know. And I know how parental guilt can eat away at you. You're a good dad. Only keep ppl in ur life who LIFT YOU UP! xo
For April Fool's, we went meta and flipped to all-April Fool's Day Pranks News. But now we're back to normal & feeling much better.
SHOUT OUT TO the dopest dannonest most lyrically & rhythmically dannon album since pimphand strong
All right! Now it's going to be 105° AND humid.
Using mine tomorrow to make some pulled pork. Next best thing if you can't have a smoker.
4th reboot in an hour....as soon as I ge the edit suites up, blackout occurs.....shit!
I wish, Dubai looks like a cool place.
Get off your ass and go do laundry!
Happy Friday! Get in and try our Mahi-Mahi Torta! Topped w lett, tom, and housemade tarter!
Tough call for 24x7 support. My off-hour teams are just learning SoMe, so scripts are important.
I think there may be one more in store for you then...shh
that's a good one!! Don't think I'll ever get one though
now, how are we going to do load-out...
Man am I proud to be a part of #packernation. I love it!
Aw :). We love working with you too! #GoTeam RT : It's a pleasure to work with in #Vegas You rock!
": She ain't right, but she's just right for me. -Lee Brice"
Lol manny I see it now just watch! They boutta show up with short ass shorts and converse!
Pleasantly surprised by this Six Row IIPA. Can't wait to try a few more local Saint Louis breweries over the weekend.
Walden you dumbass...that is all.
I fucked up this time idk if she go forgive me on this one..smh
I would really like to live in southern california
played a kick ass set! There are still 3 more awesome #tinygiant bands so get to !
shout out to the bro 1 luv #LEVELHEADED THE MIXTAPE
dear st patricks day people, thank you for vomiting near me, not on me.
Ouch? Congrats? :) RT : Good morning, Twitterville! I get to go to the dentist today and you don't. :)
It's great! By the way, read your piece and really liked it.
Just need 3 more followers to hit 100.
Well I can't say this much I'm actually pretty sure I aced that test!
For some reason I really like thursdays. It's a cool day.
We love when our Coopsters take pictures of their favorite plates at Coops! Be sure to mention us when you do :-)
SPOILER ALERT
I hope u did lol
Insomnia...story of my life...grrrr....o well its not like have to b up early....night loves! Xoxo
It now occurs to me you might've been being sarcastic.
wrote up an offer tonight cannot wait to get to closing.
Sometimes life is just good!!! <3
It pisses me off that you even have the nerve to talk shit about me but act all buddy buddy to my face?
you're cut off I think Anita!
KDD Group NV - Update on Sky Towers Project
When #Republicans have no one 2 choose for their nominee but #Gingrich #Romney & #Cain it's no wonder they're so damn mean & angry.
I checked out your ozonemag Fantabulous! I think you and Lingerie are an Awesome Duo. Keep bringing it.
good man.
I don't doubt it 1 bit. Vegas always follows LA a couple years later, so I'm sure it's in the works over here as well.
"We aren't breathing air. Remember The Matrix?" -Today's yoga instructor. Conclusion: We breathe pink-bubble-goo made from robot spiders.
more importantly, why are you drinking coffee at 10pm?!
roger that, good to go.
Congrats to for winning 10k inthe Adobe Creative Cloud scavenger hunt.
Make me smile everytime I talked to you.. I wish we can be friends in person not just on fb :)
Ok in out night everybody
Planking and Owl-ing.
Going to with my love bug today! Great day!
Oh dear. Hopefully they treated you better at the gala.
While you're being tortured, I think I'll go spend my Friday at puppy zone with
Remember QR Codes? Yikes. What were any of you thinking?
Great article. Thanks!
sitting here chilling want to play cod later?
Did you know that Diesels that are 98 and newer are required to get a smog check to renew your tags
Sarah Palin and I share something in common; we both can't leg go of our blackberries! (-_-) Julianne Moore (great actress)
Hahah, oh man Youtube is so funny.
Everything is falling apart in my life :'(
Having dinner & spending time with my brother is always a highlight in any day.
Vacation is awesome....walking on beach, best massage of my life and lots of good food and drink...
What's everyones favorite track off "Finally Famous" ?
really misses owning Photoshop and Illustrator.
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW IF YOU DO YOU COULD WIN A PAIR OF RED BEATS BY DRE HEAD PHONES!
"The Boy Who Could Fly" IS SUCH A GOOD MOVIE ! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Really want to start a new tv series, but can't get away from The Office.
Kacey is afraid of it.
Remember when we were kids and couldn't wait to grow up...what the hell were we thinking?
I had someone tell me they gon cheat on me oh I needed that.
we living in ah fantasy!<U+E415><U+2661>
It was a perfect blend of poetry and meanness. ~ You've Got Mail
say hi to the boys from They'll be foodservice equipment and supply experts when they return to Pittsburgh!
I just went through the same conundrum. All good band names are taken. You have a rad name dude, stick with d dep.
Didn't go see anyone off to prom -__-
Mac Miller >>
Spotify flow... Music.
in whitehaven , ion know why lol .. let me go see my grandma and go home !
Excellent healthy breakfast! And you know, I Love fine tuning the already Fit and Fabulous!
Me too!!! I suddenly thought about things I want to get and got more excited.
Sometimes you come across personalities like diamonds in life. HOLD ONTO THEM!
This meeting is #boring :\
thanks for connecting, would love to see your work!! Connect with us at www.Dance4Christ.net We need more ballet.
I remember that tourney from hs day ls whose on the final?
And you looked right at me and said you didn't THINK
winner winner chicken dinner!
Echoes of silence...the weeknd
Happy Valentines Day everyone!!!!
This "Task Lead" thing... Its kinda fun. Too bad its only for two weeks...
The Spanish-language news-source with the most followers on Twitter is cc
Sweet! I'll try to make it if I can spare the hour. Sounds like fun!
No school tomorrow so we can run the golf tournament? I'll take it.
#BestTVThemesEver fresh prince!
I like you...a lot.
haha I couldn't take it anymore so, I got it cut and hasn't been that long since 7th grade.
#Moebius'spoetrychallengeMotherfuckers (write a poem hundred letters or less, and tag it accordingly^^. You can handle it...)
#kids Baseball Clinic - North Hills Baseball Summer Camp at Scharmyn Park, Fri, May 11 7:00p: Instructors-Head Coach Nate Buttenfield,...
Aaron Rodgers and Ryan Braun will have a restaurant bearing their names. The 8*12 restaurant in Brookfield is expected to open in late June.
The problem with losing weight is that the reward for eating less is Eating even less.
Wooooohooooooo!!! Life is super sweet! I love everything! Xoxoxoxo
no school i can do this game starts at 11 cant wait
Haiti to Miami...WOW What a AMAZING way to spend Thanksgiving...puts it all in perspective!
Follow us on facebook @ facebook.com/tebowtees
Ppl love candy?!
The Children's Author Academy Session 3 starts Oct 7th More info & register at www.LauraDuksta.com/academy
Omegle – A Site Like ChatRoulette That Promises More Strangers ...
About to listen, hate I'm working when you're on live.
yea we own the name NVMe.Ent
Please everyone follow me I always follow bak
Watching one of my favorite movies #IceAge The Meltdown with
I think they will finish tonight. RT : will game be final? Restarted where at, or completely redone?
may i ask what it is
About to go to bed then I realized I had history homework to do....
No more drinking for awhile my Libra scales are losing balance
It's almost party time!! See the map below if you need directions. Convergence 1755 NW 16th St. 7:30pm-Midnight.
keep hearing we need a president like Donald Trump. what we really need is a president that actually does what they campaign about!
Come to Philly <3
are you serious? i want details!
lockouts, re-key, repair and installation, full locksmith service at the lowest prices in town.
Steak n shake milkshake, yum! <U+E43F>
i want a beer and a goodnights sleep
Between #MarchMadness on my laptop and #SXSW outside of this coffee shop, this #AERA paper is completely screwed.
Paramore-where the lines overlaps.
yeah and?
knows me all too well
Don't forget about Mom this Sunday! There are so many things she deserves. What are you thinking?
If you think I'm gonna fall off you're so wrong
People need to start Riding there #SkateBoards to Bullard
Sorry about that! Happy to hear that it got fixed. #Tweet4Assistance if you require any help. Enjoy the day! Any fun plans?
One C<U+0298>smos: Freedom and Truth, Intelligence and Reality
Robert<3 follow me (: im trying to get the whole crew to follow me!!(: and your one thats NOT following me XD change that?(;
Thanks for the follow, Bob.
thanks for the rt! Have you checked out the site?
God is involved in your life to the degree you submit yourself to His authority.
Come out tomorrow then man! Hah. We have a show down that way.
“Ideas shape the course of history.” - John Maynard Keynes
when you come to moline i BETTER get another hug from you. ;)
Awesome time at + speaker series with and last night. Helluva turnout Chicago!
#smwchic speaks of 50s style decor we grow as people we change thank goodness for 21st century
Crazy weekend in DC. Walked over 8 miles seeing the sights yesterday. Worked my tail off at our booth today.
: Thanks for your suggestion. We agree; it's so refreshing!
Visit www.miajoycandles.etsy The perfect gift for the one you love on Valentines Day?
I love that musical.
Thanks for the RT!
Maybe. And yeah, followers have been dwindling.
you creepin, purple ninja?
team Lynda F., Teresa M., and Gretel S-K gave a very informative ipad project presentation
might have to look at getting a promo code out there for march/april for spring breakers and early summer vacation planners
Hi i miss you <3 How's school :p
what about the holding penalty on the Giants on the third down play when it was 9-0? If the Giants get the first...blowout.
Chicago RT : Now that we did the Rondo argument, Chicago pizza or NY pizza?
it's a good thing we have 435 days to get in shape..
3-1 in #Soccer today as #Corinthians wins 3-0 get on the soccer list
FREE! Limited quantity of 2009 & 2010 TX Judicial Summit DVDs - pay only shipping/handling. Order at www.child.tcu.edu under DVD Sales.
What can YOU do to make it a great day? It doesn't happen to you--YOU make it happen!
Ha, oh yeah. Forgot you could actually fly into Eugene from LA. Two places that couldn't be more opposite.
#Breaktime @ Grimaldi's Brick Oven Pizza
This monstrosity weighing on my shoulders, it seeps through my blood, just hovers beneath...
“ I NEEDA DRINK”
I <U+2665> love this song!
Good call coach.
cant wait
C'mon Celtics! You can't be serious right now!
RT If you were ever a Buzzie at ! -CS
Breakfast at 6:45. Job site visits till 10. Then heading to corporate.
Got my haircut at Roosters today. Good scene. Free beer! Where does everybody get their hair cut? (Taylor)
Congratulations on you're followers (:
I knw u voted 2day right? U shld come enjoy the evening with me at Ted N Wally's in the old market 2nite at 10p...fun shit is bound 2 happen
That feeling when you're really tired and you finally fall into your bed. LOVEBUTTON.
and thanks for your kind words! Greatly appreciated!
Thanks Arlington for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
because we have the attention spans of squirrels? ;)
Got new ringtones. Found out I can get new text tones as well. o too lazy to plug my phone back in and do it.
Sounds good :)
<U+2730> #OnlineBusiness Tip: Getting away from your laptop for even 2 mins will allow your eyes to rest & keep you from getting tired.
Hmm. Okay, keep us posted if car hasn't moved in 7-10 days. No limits to parking that side of JWD.
Thanks for following! Hope u enjoy the tweets! Mostly about food.
Blacks aren't ordinary Americans? Somebody forgot to give them the memo.
Enjoying Atlanta with my special friend...I'm happy... The small things means the most to me in everything that you do..
yeah, last day there sadly! Will have to check out Oxen next time. After Akkurat we had dinner @ Soldaten Svejk. M raggmunk!
In her 'Crocs' lol RT I bet Sally Smith listens to Nickelback
So apparently doesn't have "enough information" to take a stand on Afghanistan? Someone better etch-a-sketch him a position
I hope these Chandler Jones rumors do not come true, at least in 1st round
for you! I have no idea how to respond when they say that.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Enjoy it with your families and God bless all.
Ugh monsoon. Glad I put less than zero effort into my hair this morning.
Happy birfffday to me
Thankyou all for the follow i hope you enjoy our tweets and deals.
Had a good talk with Shannea yesterday.
u still gonna kick it wit us tonight
come home to me
is moving to New York City in exactly one week! ONE WEEK!!! (Oh, and she's graduating from college tomorrow too. About fricken time.)
the stabbing story was both funny and horrifying
is covered in scratches from crawling in bushes and being attacked by Mari's cat. And now Mari owes her. Huge. Cue packing. Ahh, favors...
My packaging project actually turned out kind of awesome. I hope I can get a good picture of it.
What is going on outside?! First I hear firecrackers and now I hear either someone honking a bicycle horn or playing the trumpet..
you should be grounded.
Every day things I wanna learn: how to use the m+, m-, mr, and mc keys on a calculator.
thank you for all your support
#digitalexperience team rocking demo of responsive design case studies
Will someone give me a shoutout :(
Who!! Green machine
2 favorite hobbies getting money and spending it
HRod crapped the bed, but bullpen has mostly been good this season. No question they need Storen back, though.
You know what it is
Holidays have officially arrived, family, awesome food, tennis, and just 3 days till San Diego.
I think Kate Middleton could've done better for herself
your mean to!
cuz we <3s you, boo ;) RT: I fuggin love having a Little Big Burger just around the corner from my house. They're always hitting.
Helping a friend move hi storage unit and I keep wanting to yell, "YUP!"
The inner workings of Chile's Very Large Telescope
Can't wait to drink some mojitos for my bday tonight!
mayb he'll get them for u now that he know
I'm trying to remember the words but I really can't.
can't even swim, why does he have a surfboard? Lol.
If your thinking about using a QBBC strategy this year I would take a long look at Kolb...got plenty of weapons...
it'd probably more along the lines of mental health, stress, behaviors, etc.
Apparently the underscore was too much for some people
Newt Gingrich is an expert on space. He put the ass in Astronaut.
Surely everything is created for a reason. Surely our lives have a purpose.
FYI, your yahoo email seems to have been hacked.
thanks for following George and Diana! Have a great evening!
Droll droll droll
No 3: the delicate set of ergonomic requirements that must be met if I dont want my arm to go numb after 30secs on the comp.
wait, isn't your new place ovenless? If that's the case. you may need that pie maker.
html/css driving me nuts.
What sort of design for the Shirt? We can help you make your design a reality so you can get your shirts printed.
will your new place of employment pay for tuition?
Roommate wisdom: Passwords are like underwear, you should change them frequently and never leave them lying around haha
15 minutes left! “: better late than never! Just voted to elevate Baltimore! #otis4mayor”
Congrats to everyone who passed the HSPA , and to everyone who didn't.. Let's go hard in October guys.
MAHOMIES GONNA LOVE !!!!!! (: <3333 tweet it!!
In the hospital all alone. I wish I had someone here to support me
I said alien. I think you misheard...
You are remembered for the rules you break. Douglas MacArthur
we always do!
How is it possible that I, as a garlic lover, had gone my whole life not eating garlic bagels? I want those 26.5 years of bagels back.
Everyone follow my homie real movement right here
Wade was worse for sure -- the play WORKED! He had a layup that he missed.
St. Aloysius School Breaking Down the Walls - Jackson NJ Online
I truly hope that 2012 is the year that all of this ends.
Bowling all day as Long as its Pete Weber. Gotta love a guy that talks smack and wears shades while bowling
Descendents were amazing! On to the ALL show. This is the best day ever.
Howdy, Did you get my e-mail re MUSE? Sent it to emphatic.org
exactly. Missouri is second to none for supporting a basketball team. Miami is apathetic, but sure could be good
it is all about the standing meeting.
#goodluckjohn ! :) RT I love you all the way from here in the states :)
Three Thornburg Mortgage Officers Charged with Securities Violations
Wasn't for sure w/out the suit & tie but the SKC shirt should have given it away. Next time!
Edmodo is amazing! My students love it and so do I!
This your boy Lope = Dope + Lyric and you now rocking with cha Boy. Quarta Lope aka Qp. You Dig!!
let's have another.one.... 1970s disco, lol
yep very busy so far, hoping things will calm down a bit now it's April! ;) how about you?
Omg what type of crap is going over here omg no sleep and a toothache this sucks
#school ooh well today last day soo I'm gonna miss alt of ppl :(
Exactly, so good!
My students love the semicolon. I don't know how to make them stop.
Everyone pls follow They are a wonderful organization! I hope to be doing some awesome events w/ them in the near future!
Today was an ok day just af
The only good thing about being this sick is being able to do absolutely nothing!
Congrats on the article!
It's jacking it up even more. Moving paragraphs and the picture stays in the same place.
thanks for updates. I think becuase your twitter private i can't retweet your posts to me.
it's like just now starting to bruise. But it's still all swollen),:
When I Come Home.. I'm Gonna Be A Different Person!
omg your so narsistic
Chillin with the fam before the week away
Live christian rappers lol fun fun day
some have already tripled.We don wan no middle class in collages! Sined Mitt!
1st thing we need to do is to get our talent to make there auditions that they keep missing. That's part of the $30K right there
You're right, must be the meth making me suspicious and jump-to-conclusiony.
I have no use for bodyguards, but I have very specific use for two highly trained certified public accountants. Elvis Presley
True happiness...is not attained through self-gratification but through fidelity to a worthy purpose. #HelenKeller #quotes Thoughts?!?
That sounds great! I'll contact you before. Thanks so much. -Dan Jimenez (Director)
If I were to name this next class I'm looking at I think I would call it- sit Indian style and chat to your neighbor
I actually purchased and attempted to cook frog legs after watching an episode of Chopped. The show plays with your mind.
It's all thanks to Stephen Colbert.
ok, then I'll slightly agree with the "personality" part mainly because most women are born crazy anyway! :)
Thanks to Sam for calling in and a great discussion. Stay tuned - your e-mails are coming up after the break!
Sister for sure! You wouldn't ever be able to loose him!
Racing tonight at Toyota Speedway Irwindale. Come on out and watch in the demolition derby. Meet & great before the race.
Saw #TheHungerGames movie. The bf is now hooked!
Waking up after an hour and a half nap >>>>
Oh and who the hell is she?
Walking on Clouds
im tired and i dont feel good. fml
BREAKING: Chick-Fil-A employee misses target; pours milkshake mix on Goldlink server causing final grades to be massively altered.
Hella my boy got 11.hours to go": Dis nigga prolly board on his way to Jack-Town"
thanks for leaving the note on my desk. Sorry I missed you.
That's awesome!
I like your chinese blocks <3
Creativity is “gift” possessed by a lucky few. Right? Wrong. says there's a Steve Jobs or a Bob Dylan inside of all of us.
i swear i thought they were girls ;O
Want a movie star smile? Give us a call! www.kravitzdental.com
Merry Christmas, kiss my ass. Kiss his ass. Kiss your ass. Happy Hanukkah.
I'll be in LA on the 26th of this month and we could meet up like practically anywhere up there. Is that okay?
Congrats!! What did u do??
A 9 point lead on the lakers is just as good as a tie game
congrats! Keep tweeting so we can follow!
hope we get to meet up for some good old C&C time :) I miss you!
We honor the ancient games by imagining them modern. WWW.Pokatok.com
This is our House!!!
honestly, love the iPhone, wouldn't use anything else...
Tuesday special $20 Suicide Bubble Hash and $35 Sour Bubble (Sour Diesel X Bubble Gum)
Go back to where you came from....
I wanna see them again soon too :( apparently in April a bunch of awesome bands are gonna be in Covington!
Hey now! Merritt will be playing Atlantic City all week.
oh my land, chuck brown has died. so many college memories with his music. he will be missed!!!
I will hold you to it. I hope the application is victorious!
*Heartless K boot walk across timeline*
so excited that you folks understand the joy of reading missed connections.
happy new year, John!
ease up! I will eventually.
Good Luck! You'll do great! :)
My panini toscano was missing its basil today, bummeroni!
...and is a better QB than his limited playing time would indicate. Still a wild card; Wallace, he won't improve. Keep McCoy.
Your body is like a pill I shouldn't take
you're very gunny
This weekend if you want to submit questions you can! :)
¤ Super wow. Psyched to get my kayak out of winter storage tomorrow for some early season paddling!!!
Shoulder workout!
You and me both, brother. I'm 4/5ths of the way through watching the 'prequel' movies.
what do you do exactly?
just pitched in front of 500 wonderful supporters, feeling ecstatic to be here
I celebrate no man's death.
My today acting lesson was overproductive.
Librarians: if you're at the airport pass up Starbucks & check out Coffee People
haha you just woke up?
I got 37th today. No dice. Did you make it?
Hey cousin, nice to see you on twitter! Looking forward to your culinary tweets!
Ready To dance! "Today, plaza will be blazing with a fiery National Dance Day celebration. #SYTYCD ”
How bad are the ? 12-22......come on. You're the defending AL central champs!
nd yea, forreal niqka. nd yea i got a job but i wanna get another one
follow me I put pictures up of my butt all day ;)
just wait untill you read the 2nd book. It gets very emotional... But still kinky!
(Napoleon Bonaparte) Take time to deliberate, but when the time for action has arrived, stop thinking and go in.
Oh yeah! And doesn't Tinkerbell fly out of the castle?
NO ONE GETS TO DO THAT EXCEPT FOR ME!!! ABOSLUTLEY NO ONE;)
#welcometoparadise #codyjakeustream shoutoutt to Megan, Sammy, and Jackie in NY ? Pretty please ? <3 Or follow ?(:
May 17 is my b-day right? Well could you say happy birthday if u cAn? Ur my idol! ILy;)
i was told i had a big fore head by some #faketits, well u know what?I had a haircut 2day n my stylst said its not big soo booyah
endnote import endgame
HAPPY THANKSGIVING :)
Round two with the royer...I wish this thing didn't cost $1000+
Always fun when your team comes back from a 7-0 deficit
We play at 12:30 on the Aquarius Stage at ! Get over to Quik Trip park in Grand Prairie, Tx!!!
Ah. I heart Elaine. Ginger cats rock.
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked will you stop singing?
He smokes weed too much!
We shared our lockers in high school.
Our crew is looking forward to hearing you speak, Stefan.
Zach ~ Wine for the people!!!
TruthRT : Im still tripping of this Nashville girl who made the show , that put a bad rep on the girls from here!
told me to stop talking to her:(
haha, did you call him Josh?
yes ma'm it is.
That moment when you secretly grab something from your friend and when he looks for it, you take it out and say "I'M A NINJA.".
Lol. RT : #D1debate needs to refer to notes to say she's been married to her husband
Congratulations on the house! I know what that's like.
- Keep your chin up my friend, things will get better soon, I'm always here for you.
Flexibility is a very attractive trait.
It don't matter. Where u at?
Endorsed RT NO PLEASE LET'S JUST PRETEND THIS WILL ALWAYS BE REAL!!
ok that link is awesome thanks a ton!
what's that like? Have you started watching Murder She Wrote and clipping coupons?
IM SORRY IM JUST SO HAPPY!
It's not really hit me yet! LOL I'll probably break down at the funeral & burial! They'll b playing Taps, always gets me! :-(
A handful of Roasted Almonds and a piece of Dark Chocolate
lol not yet, we need more money
Great. Thanks for the heads up.
As a result of not having insurance,we have decreased access to the preventive services that would allow us to live longer,healthier,lives.
this is great, we are the only ones in chucky cheese.. full run of the place :)
Thanks! You too!
Senator Alex Mooney speaking at breakfast. Excellent event!
#Christopher Plummer well deserved best supporting. And so f***ing sweet.
Time is going by so slow can't wait until I c my baby.
what's good
I don't know who invented high heels, but all women owe him a lot.
you blamed oit
Too excited for tonight.
was hit by a car in a hit&run as a pedestrian...tore my shoulder all up, my surgeon had 2 put humpty dumpty back 2gether ha
But... I heard you say you loved me. And, that's the part I can't forget. I wish you'd come back to save me, 'cuz i'm dangling off the edge.
Sometimes holding a girl when she needs you, means more to her; than any gift money can buy.
Blended Learning Designs is my fav session of #eli2011 so far.
“: Picked up my show (left) and win (right) purses from the office. Only in Hong Kong!"--- Wow. Real purses!
actually they could be random ill rap to anything
surely firm decisions! and to get what you want is to recognise what you dont want and stay away from it.
Have a Slammin Sunday Tim!
Same question can be asked about Dr. Zhivago (for me, the movie)
What's the most wicked thing a group of young accountants can do?Go into town and gang-audit someone.
Booking some shows! Anybody wanna play? Check out the Facebook and comment on the status! facebook.com/collaterallive
you could just have them tweet everything. How bad can it go in 140 characters? LOL
Back in LA after a very good #rbms10 conference. Great sessions on change mgmt, born dig mss, and others. Philly a great meeting city too.
See they can trigger me But they'll never figure me out!
Besides economics, 2 trends related to RePEc: institutional repositories, open bibliographic data.
Hoping for Zack Ryder on this one
Wendi! Watch out for provocateurs bearing pies!
You bothered to wear underwear?
I LOVE LISTENING TO AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE SING
OMG I think Floyd Merriweather is so darned m!
Golf tournaments, Galas, Cigar Lounges, Steakhouses, Trade Shows and Conventions... we shine anywhere!
You're in NYC, I'm in NYC. You work for E!, I want to work for E!. I'm starting to see a pattern. Let's make this happen!
realest to ever do it.
Finally made an Instagram. I'm a photographer now, right?
You don't do Connerys? are you for serious? great to see your back on the road. I am sorry for your loss.
Not them specifically but I certainly have libertarian tendencies. Thus the Movie "Anarchist."
haha! Thank you!
Maybe not unethical, but def disadvantages poorer students (esp. if they lack unlimited data plans)
Wow! That is very cool! Thank you for sharing!
Haha, I was referring to the Peach in Gaffney. :-)
January is coming to an end, how are your New Years Resolutions holding up!? Let Wild Canyon Games help you #achieve them!! Stay tuned...
Just bought extra clickers for big division talk and student GAVE me his; said bookstore wouldn't buy it back? Lots o'good karma to you sir!
That may be the first mention of Seoul in an SOTU since Eisenhower.
haha! That's definitely how he did it.
I want one so bad hahahaha
Hi school.I'd appreciate it if you'd go my fast for the next 2 weeks.
#German #Shepherd #Dogs have even been trained by the #military for parachute jumps!
Mercury goes Direct today! Energy flows better in all communications, technology & transportation. Sign contracts, initiate new beginnings!
your gonna keep begging him until he folows you??
being Blk mean. U Against all odds. But i still wont trade it 4 nothin n da world. :)
guess what ill have an apartment this summer! you better visit :D
Just got emoji....i have been missing out...<U+E312>
How much can you afford?
Enjoying pour-over at Frank - Getting work done outside the office today enjoying Austin on 2 wheels :-)
Thrilled to now be connected with & #FF these brilliant folks!
Home sweet home. Think I got all of the hashtags out of my system this weekend.
Joe Daggs zips in for a try. Score now 30-5. Conversion no good.
hahah how could I ever forget lol especially how ya did me wrong ahah
Apr 1,1922: King George V congratulated Churchill on his role in creating Irish Free State.
whats even funnier, "thoughts are my own."
Lets go Brewers!
Dj Cyn at MotherLoaded Tonight for thirsty Thursdays!! Hope 2 C u!!
ah me too!
"Who do you think you are? I am!!!!" Pete Weber
Thank you so much Timothy! Happy THanksgiving! :D God bless
Hey douchebag! Yeah, you #Obama! #DontDoubleMyRates!!
Fat Peoples Necks o_O
So for my day off all my teachers gave me homework! My English teacher gave me a lot of pages to read in this book,they think I have no life
Closing a show is a bummer, but being proud of what you do is an unparalleled gift.
One more final tomorrow then i am outta here!!
Well, that would be a positive! lol RT : The only positive about this meltdown is no more Vinny next year
I keep getting food caught in the holes Where my wisdom teeth use to be. Finding it hours later. Yuck!
What did I do to deserve this? You're out of my life for good, it's my fault. Fuck my damn life.
RT Don't talk, just act. Don't say, just show. Don't promise, just prove.
Man I got some fine frats. Lord help me!
Lost? Follow me I'll take you to the high life
how's your day goin?
ill be there before that! the doors open at 530 lol i can try and save ya a seat :)
I'll be on FoxNews around 12:40 PM (EST) tomorrow. Hope you can catch it! Thanks!
OMG YOU TOO?!? :o You've actually talked to her ONCE. Remember that crazy girl that was stalking me & my friends?
I wonder how many lesbians it takes to eat a watermelon?
National Library Week will be celebrated April 8 to April 14
Any fool can downsize; it take brains, vision and fortitude to grow a business.
Scramble with friends, draw something RT : Bought my 1st IPad today. What r the "must have" apps to download?
There's so much rallying on the streets. College towns are pretty awesome.
We will be offering a special tonight - Tokyo-style Shoyu Ramen. Hope you'll stop by if you're in town this holiday weekend!
I felt like Drake made all them songs for us when i was with that mf. Smh I don't want that back.
Just won our game against ME 9-7
HITTIN THE HOME STUDIO TODAY!!
cool showing off bet
good morning Jeff
Bootie Boston now has an amazing light show! Hell yes!
I forgot how much I love Yats :)
What big plans do you have for 2012? You don't have to wait until January 1st to get started get a jump on everyone else!
If kid in coffeehouse shrieks one more time, I'll obtain legal guardianship & put him up for adoption. Stand down, tyke.
We are filming this afternoon for 'The Wall' at a wall on Rhode Island NE! Thank you to all our supporters on for this piece!
What now, Indianapolis? Let's not lose the momentum.
And so ends another Robot vs. Dinosaur sketch revue. Love and Friendship abound.
Raw kicks off with the game H!
ppl tell me that all that all time cuz hes all over my binder, and i say im just a true #Mahomie, and im proud of it!
Weather in South Beach is perfect! Can we keep it like this year round?
Gonna watch the Dog Town and Z Boys documentary with some Chado Tea Room smokey tea. #LA combos...
We have a tentative date for our Grand Opening, keep the date open..February 16th :-)
what is a great Christmas present for a couple who loves boating in Lake Havasu and Martinez Lake and rhino off roading?
Looking 4 #Love n the wrong places will eventually result n settling 4 situations that leave u feeling degraded &
Traffic makes me tired
Do you need to be bailed out?
Can we put brackins in game 2 just to rose rondo? Wrong? You bet
...miss u to babe
J. G. Gallimore: Image creates desire. You will want what you imagine.
I'm on call tonight too... 1 of 6 eh? rough...
Been wondering all day why this pair of boxers doesnt have the hole in front. Just now realized I put them on backwards this AM
ooh i love creepy/stalkerish times ;)
I'm happy today is Friday.
My first attempt was terrible. Sticky goopy dough, then spongy thick noodles. Try again! I improved. What was the problem?
I feel like hashtagging porn isn't really a smart idea.
Silent mornings are like muted operas that waltz in slow drag for that omnisupernatural cloud of exhalation through godless exaltation.
Not that the Tigers aren't capable of coming back in this game, but there's really no way in hell this game should be where it is.
4 day weekend here I come!!!
thanks for the recommendation! Sounds like she needs a Fresh Juice!
Thinking of starting a cooking blog... thoughts?
oh man, we can't be friends anymore.
Just wrote to Toyota. Prostate cancer awareness is too important to ignore!
Shouldn't have spent 9 bucks on that food
Thank you for all of the tweets!
I think I might!! Lol. I'll take lots of pictures and post them on here <3
Just voted!
Focusing on filling in my #career gaps, thanks to advice from
/ And the BUZ loves you... Way to #bringit!
1 of every 5 homes will experience a break-in or violent home invasion. Contact Alliance Security at 877-760-2143 to add a security system
I just cracked up as much as we did in science last year! haha
Congrats on reaching WS. Would root for the Nat'l league…but I haven't forgiven Cards for "rabbit-ball" excesses of the 80's.
what the fuck. are you kidding me??1
#whatilovethemost when a guy is honest with me(:
I keep getting errors when trying to link my account to my Twitter. Any help?
As in, "site optimized for PC/Laptop/Mac/Desktop/Netbook/Tablet viewing"? :)
I tend to freak out about things faster than I probably should how can I calm myself and keep relaxed?
Ewww. Almost as bad as, "Was that a cockroach?"
You should have overtly nut-punched him. Unless that's what you mean by "rejecting", in which case, high five!
Hello Twitterworld! I just made a new account to keep track of my history and museum interests.
Motivational speakers are popular for all types of meetings
Fun seeing in a comedic role! Makes me love him even more!!
So much fun! Happy to be a part of it. G did an awesome job!!
I just had the same thought yesterday. I ended up being out somewhere on 35 in the boonies.
aaaahhhh Glee and Bieber. Nothing better.
So whats up with people doing "#thatawkardmomentwhen blahblah" when they havnt even been IN that awakard moment!?
I would love for the American people to compare something. W.bruzzesiforpres.com. Take a look at the difference.
Happy Thanksgiving Woodland family! We miss you guys!
They look like they're designed by tentmakers and with lots of room for shoplifted items.
savoring the quiet house now that the boyfriend has left town for a few days...yoga time! :-)
Hold on...when did #T-Mac start playing with the
thanks girl
Las Vegas. Why not?
Now that i passed all my nursing exams lets celebrate yall! who cares if its 11am?
There are over 10 webcams monitoring the robotics lab at all times. They are watching me tweet right now.
Thanks for following, Mic. Look forward to your posting on 'BigIssues' - Heaven knows there are plenty of them.
I just heard a department manager say, "I dont know how to make manwich". Really??
well than u must hate ur self
did I just see you at a Greek restaurant on 3rd ave in NYC? If that was you my gf likes you more than me :-(
Thanks, Lisa and Becca!
Eating a vegetarian sandwich whose main feature is "ginger teriyaki seitan." It tastes much less evil than it sounds.
i like Arleen.
First class over. Students presented on proper use of punctuation. Now grading papers during lunch.
Thanks again to everyone who joined us for the May Day parade! Check back for updates on future parade opportunities.
Hey! Are you there?
you should make two of those.
HE'S SO SKINNY FJEWBHGTEHRED
Yeah, and in a strange twist the Teajadists...
is a FOOL #CelebrityGame !
Shooting scenes for "La Virgen"
Anyone searching for a super great deal in Simon Kenton Farm in Springfield, OH?
Working out with my bro time to get RIPPED!! n then baseball with the bros! ;)
haha, OK i will
It's just as bad in the US, with right-wing conservatives...male, of course...thinking they know what's best for women.
Shut up.
Tonight’s performance is by the talented band, Smalltown. Happy Hour is from 4-7 and the live music begins at 9 – see ya there!
Oh I'm fine. I was too lax about my long run hydration. You'd just go for Sunday, right? We could have a Holy Saturday funday!
Thanks for coming out D. I must say it was awsome to put smiles on so many youg faces!
I was just at a dinner and in my group was the editor of The 'Burbs and Matinee...my night was awesome.
lol well its awkward yo talking to me again
yup! So nice.
Final moving day! So ready to be done packing and carrying boxes. Limited internet in next few days. Should be back on by mid week.
If you really want to break in China, I've got the person to talk to. Not kidding.
Hm. I picked Saints by 17. Didn't realize it would happen in the 2nd Q. Come on Lions. You've got 'em where you want 'em.
Yummy Pasta Alfredo <3 My Favorite!!
Life is meaningful when a person's heart is full of love ~ Peter Dunov
well from what I heard last night. The leak? Nah. J bakes
All the way
RT :My music and certain artists are apart of my world : Dear music, thank you for always being there for me when nobody was
Hello. Maybe we can help each other. I need a programmer to work on one of my inventions.
ugh. ima need them too break up. how do you know?
Let me know if you ever need help with promo, merch, street team stuff etc. I'm looking to intern this summer. Free is good :)
I made something out of nothing thanks for NOTHING
INCREDIBLE night of dancing at #byxbarndance so blessed to have amazing guys involved in BYX here at the Eta Chapter!
what would you do if I told you id bring you some corndogs to the show on june 2
"Garbage expands so as to fill the receptacles available for its containment." --- Parkinson's Law of Garbage
love it mere bear
Part 2 on Navigating the Casual Dating Relationship forthcoming this afternoon.
great how u been
Mark Teixeira is a fan of musicals, and says his favorite play is "Les Miserables." He also enjoys "Miss Saigon" and "Phantom of the Opera."
The path of the one ends at the source.
Are we still on for the Nickelback concert in April?
Does anyone have a sample business proposal and business plan
HOLY CRAP I heard is at the JBC. He is one of the guys that made me want to get into covering games and I am here. WOW
No good holiday movies this year.
Marvelous Irish music here on Johnson Avenue in the Riverdale section of the Bronx.
I applied to target in their store. I've went to little department store in cal city by the mal & they say i have to do it online, i've
I'm not getting any of your texts and I have the same number..
so i think you and I should apply to Buffalo Wild Wings together.
This is torture. And I've heard that about book three. That's sad.
bo ties all time UW wins mark with 265. hats off to you sir.
you write about saving money and you play the lottery? hm
Enough with the "I just saw something terrible said about you" #Spam feeds! they are ridiculous!!!
Perfect weather for a hate crime.
girl ur body is always sore
At HIGHLANDER open mic (hosted by Andreas Doctor) Fredericksburg @ Medical
being a hardass is becoming the new trend
"I remain open to possibility!"
Welcome to PBS the series looks awesome.
The Political Hurricane is looking for people interesting in writing for our website. Looking for Tampa and Jax area writers.
Murley New Year!
1 day people and I'll be in Chicago!
Kudos to organizing and working on the great #NSMN event tonight!
I know I am and I'm trying. Self confidence has never been one of my strong points.
Her name is Maria Hill. Get it right.
Fast, efficient and on-time closings are just some of the benefits of working with the Randy Watkins at WJ Bradley Mortgage.
#nisoEbook Eschenfelder licenses requiring print first are increasing; also print delivery for I'LL when permitted
I think gratuitous is the word... the Mad Men writers are better than that.
Haha. Btw, since you work there, can u tell me what happened to Tommy Anders? I loved that guy.
I'm leaving the GPS below of the place that we're staying at because I am pretty sure that we will be murdered in our sleep.
create a wall and knock it down
I wonder who took that pic? They are an amazing photographer;) Beautiful as always
guuesssss il go to sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
How are ya on this beautiful Friday morning?!
French Market this Saturday
Forget the taste of me and follow your instinct
hey davis! whats good? i'm doing great. any shows coming up?
I cant stop crying...
#Tribefest takeaways. Read to kids--often. Get tested and get your community tested. Do good as often as possible. Drink tap water
How are you my friend!!!!
Eli wins in big brother's house. An extra special feeling for the Manning family.
Lucroy is probably one of the best hitting catchers in baseball
We are talking to bryan out there now trying to set something up in the near future ;)
Good night guys! Sucks it was raining :( it will be until Thursday then at wheels-n-meals at :)
is it from Japan?
Nicely played, my friend. :) cc:
2 more hours left of work whewww
Congrats on booking a movie in your home(Mo)town!
I got caught up.. I'll be running late.
No it's back online
Damn Flyers Come on #DEVILS WTF
I should have included attempted pun titles in the hashtag
Fck. its too late to b foolin. Lol im taking my ass to bed. No more straight vodka.o_-
as if playing uke wasn't challenging enough already - tried playing in a dream last night. fingers bending worse than usual
Looks dope!
Look forward to a great and VERY busy weekend!! And a wonderful weekend to all of you too! :)
Take it to the head <U+E326><U+E03E>
TODAY 4-5 p.m. Art-Socy 2309: David Cotter presents "SLACer Life: Composing a Career at a Selective Liberal Arts College," reception after.
I just called my doctor to proudly announce that I self-diagnosed through WebMD. She just said "stop that"
i hate sharing a 6pack..now im one beer less
I hate it when my parents talk to me about american idol. They of all people should know i dont care about that show
more games in dimes during the regular season to adjust to the sight lines, why don't they bring back The big four games in Indy
Love it! Interception becomes a Touchdown by Packers!
it won't load the video
where did you go?
The 99th anniversary of the Federal Reserve Act is later this year and our the dollar has lost 99% of its value. Keep up the good work guys.
What would you do if you won the $54 million Mega Millions lottery?
I'm in love with baby cory :) I wish I had a boy like cory matthews #cutest <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Looking at the message of the campaign, one would think that having female plumbing is a special qualification for governor.
Ok, the person who answers the trivia question correct first, will get an amazing prize.
Alison Margaret jazz at Brink tonight, 8pm, no cover. My blues and soul at Sprechers Friday, 8 pm, no cover, and Sat Fitchburg Days.
I have some dumbass friends . . .
Language is the dress of thought.
yay. Your work matters “: I'm so excited that gay marriage is gonna happen in California. This is great!!!!!!!”
Absolutely! That and that it can be difficult to shift gears when you do have a bit of time to do your own stuff.
Any Chicago sports leagues looking for local sponsorship hit me up!
You'll be pleased to learn that and I are en route to Austin, in part to terrorize our boy Suggestions?
Follow Back
Lol, this live stream of UIW's commencement sucks. Do they even know there's a camera off?
ofc i will buy then i will send to your address :) ahahah
we would party!!!
HUD is making community planning tools available online. I'll have to check that out.
RT : Happy National Volunteer Week! / cc
a happy one, my dear!
Nice day for a run at lunch. Feeling good about the Baltimore 10-miler on Saturday.
Criminal justice, engineering or legal/paralegal, we offer online college education for an array of courses. Benefits here are immense...
Spending an hour on math homework is not my thing.
seersucker is perfectly acceptable anytime after Easter!
And who can love you like me.. Nobody. Who can make love to you like me. Nobody.
word up. So true, that is..
Only 8 episodes behind in watching Glee. 1) Quinn w/ pink hair = hott.
Come unto me and I will give you rest -Jesus
Anyone know of any shopping centers looking for an agency to mange their social media and online marketing?
no i lied...i hate when people wear high heeled crocs because they try to be cool...
As curator, Jay-Z is hand selecting the acts for the festival. Check your DM for further info.
Takers should have been a way better movie
Many submit to despair and fail without realizing that they already possess all the tools required to acquire excellent wealth.
And iPads are everywhere!
So sad to hear that the horse that won Steeplechase died after he finished :(
No more blimps would be sad!!
No! Like we need to work on this Booship! I asked where oh where was my Boo yesterday? No response.
major melt down 5 minutes into it. Lol
oh that's good! :D so where are you from? (:
Fn standing room holy
How did I know you wanted to order some cans of Bud Light? No, I'm not clairvoyant, I just saw you picking scabs off your face at the bar.
obviously! She doin the most. When they sing, Sue's the one who has to save the song. Hahaha
Go see "The Invention of Lying." It's crazy funny. Ricky Gervais is the sexiest chubby, pug-nosed guy on the planet. No lie.
The Cinco De Mayan calendar predicts that my world will end by 5:00 tomorrow.
RT : #edchat in Ontario you are not allowed to count any work done at home as part of grade - WOW!
Side effects suckk.
pedicures with mom for mothers day (:
Ask your Vet about Salmon Oil (Omega 3) we have it-helps reduce the allergic inflammation in pets.
Tesla 'What You Give' is an awesome song! MC Retro Rock keep it coming!
Yeah it was pretty comfortable. I think I'm just going to steal it.
Remember Stories in the Sky is free this AM at 9:30 - perfect outing for kids under 6!
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Beach in the morning
RT : Catch us this Friday opening up for SLICK RICK at
haha you like that huh. Lol
Tomorrow is the big #HGTV reveal at our house! Can't WAIT! Thanks
At this secret hour, I was in my own chamber. Contrary to your expectation, I was absent.
After spending over an hour clearing snow, a second breakfast is totally justified, am I right?
Tonight is Student Night! Bring your student ID to get 2 ounces off!
Given the size of the universe...Life's ups and downs are meaningless!
I'll help the cause! lol.
I refuse to think of them as an evil. They're good things. They make civilization possible.
also: beg borrow or steal your way to Powell's and then die happy, lost in the stacks.
Marley B will be performing @ DV8 tonight for the "Stop The Violence Summit" check him out
In love, as in life, one misheard word can be tremendously important. If you tell someone you love them, for instance.
looking forward to hockey season, and ready for the hot summer heat to end, whos with me
I wish I could Google anything. I'd search "WHERE THE FUCK IS MY IPOD?" and it would be like "UNDER THE COUCH YOU DUMBASS!!!"
You like music and you want to talk to other people that like music. Then add yourself to this Group!!!
Donald and Peta are amazing,I'm in shock that and are eliminated.I hate when top couples get eliminated /:
Pretty good. Lots of stuff coming up this month: teach-ins, marches, City Council meets. We DO miss you. B good wherever you are
Music 2.0-Sonos Inc. (Santa Barbara, CA) gains US$25 Million Series C led by Index Ventures & adds Mike Volpi to board of directors.
You need to tweeter more haha lolz
There is no such thing as writing easy code in objective C. Ask my students, they know.
It's just an EP. She released it independently. It's amazing though, her sound and her vision is so unique.
seriously just wish I had money and I could just relax. I try so hard on everything and it just never pays off I want things to be different
You'll be out before me! I go till June 6th. But one day in June we go to Cedar Point(:
u always do
Worst christmas in a while.
#DJ ing @ Lucky's Lounge tonight! Eubank&Montgomery! 9pm-Close! No Cover! Top40-Rock-Hiphop-more! $2 & $3 Drink Specials!
hah! That's unfortunate.
Just signed on www.twtmuzik.net
Got a new ipad
It's such a beautiful 3 minute expression of fury and energy. It's never gotten old to me.
yes! Chicago is not a cheap place at all. We have tollways every where. Those are suppose to pay for the roads.
good luck Rupert! You really made life easier for thousands of folks
#Perfect is trending because of 's amazing GOTV work today. Also, someone named Phil Humber.
hahahahhahha i hope he does :))) what r u doing?
yeah, its harsh. There were so many bad calls in that game. But we are enjoying our bar we are drinking and singing the night away
Got muscle? I'm putting together a team to move boxes before Race for the Cure! This Sat at 5:30 am! Please let me know!
Shopping in Boston has been fun...so fun that I will be playing a game on how much I can get in my suitcases w/out breaking the zipper?
Unless you walk out into the unknown, the odds of making a difference in your life are pretty low.
awesome workout! Nothing like finishing dripping in sweat! kicks your ass!
How 'bout them COWBOYS!!!
#budlight waste of money
Aww thanks!! Yeah, Nachos are a great deal, too... so much food for only $5. Have you tried brunch yet?
your dog is the cutest <3 I want him
#ThingsIDon'tLiketoHear RT A construction crane snapped at 4 WTC, steel fell onto the site. As of now, 1 minor injury.
It's been about a year now, aint seen or heard from you. I've been missing you crazy<3
Drove past with and Liam started crying because we didn't stop. Thanks ...he's hooked :)
Cashman in tough spot now. Sox are much better and Yanks haven't landed anyone to-date. Can't see them sitting still. Grenkie?
Whole lotta sirens in Midtown Manhattan.
Liberal populist Jim Hightower on my flight to DFW this morning. In first class....hm.
me me me
#ARealBoyfriend would send two dozen roses to your door step just because. <3
Thanks, Alan! Steal away!! :-)
I used to drunk text my friends and now I send little funnies from parenting magazines.
With all the sunshine, this definitely counts as a patio friendly day! Stop in for some lunch in the sun or drinks on the patio after work.
I absolutely love & have been fortunate to be able to watch the show for many years. Why am I inclined to not tune in?
Haven't been on the twitsphere for ages! I should check in every once in a while... Cheerio!
She has presented so many Oscars, It's good to see her get one! :)
Wassup with the weekend doe
Happy #Halloween! Anyone wearing interesting costumes this year?
Last time I saw that it took a week. :(
listening, question for you...why in a drought can millions of gallons be used for gas drilling? Love Love Bible.is
re: regular education measurements - ask a museum educator
what???? Find her!! Maybe I should come now. Haha
LOL it's okay, I just bought some!!!!
You me lady ;) always gorgeous. Good seeing u, even 4 a Quik min. Go fuck that mic up grlll!!!
For great Gelato, stop by Salute Wine bar & Cafe!
#DateNightsDC Reserve a unique evening tour of the Cottage, Feb 10. Email for more info & to make your reservation
Get 20% OFF your next online order. Use Validation Code: 14nov @ www.solopizzanyc.com until this Sunday
Sorry about this issue. It should be fixed now!. If you still are unable to request, just let us know!
follow rt if u follow all of them! I will follow u back
“: So u kno I had to get down too ain't hit a nigga hard like that in a minute” I kno u ain't down there getting beat up lol
Only 4 more classes, and 4 more finals. Summer here I come!! <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4>
adorbs! I'm pretty sure the only reason our cats run down to the basement is so they can get rides back up in the laundry basket
If you provide me with an ETA I expect that you will be somewhat punctual.
Welcome to Twitter, ladies & gents.
Yes. He and I are Cofounders for
- glad you guys are watching and tweeting too - I don't know why I'm so into awards shows this season
thanks for this inspiration: ://articulationinc.com/blog/
let's do it.
awww that's cute :) And yes, bananas are an all time favorite of mine.
#CasualTrick gets his name from his breeding, as his dam is a daughter of Red Ransom named Casual Look
Never mind the time keeping! Thanks for your excellent moderating of the great Payments Session at #WIMA # NFC Monaco last week.
Fairly cool weather with morning clouds & fog next two days then, come Friday, we start warming up and next weeks is looking very hot!
I'm searching Facebook for people named Hontas, just because I think it would be cool... to poke a Hontas.
Is having an insane crazy brunch at Bagatelle in NYC!
is it true???
#ipad2 is. In. My. Hands.
Wassup with that Rematch????????
I just participated in the Baltimore 48 Hour Film Project as an actor. Our screening will be June 22 at the Charles Theatre in Baltimore.
Lord please have mercy upon the ones who are trying to live right. This world is getting crazier&crazier<U+E41D>
The "gin joint" selection and housemade tonics at New Heights' Babinga Bar in NW DC really are top notch, even at $12. Also: good morning.
Congrats on the new redesign -- #nextbillion2.0 looks great!
#runningonempty ...no really though, being sick and not eating then working 9-5 the next day SUCKS. can't wait until the weekend starts.
board your face with my ass.
How about strawberry flavored penis? I'm sure you can find a guy to do that Someone come feed me strawberries
well, cuz I'm lazy and the fresh salmon at my Giant is questionable at best.
As a south asian artist in Los Angeles I found the venue for my work to be viewed and apreciated by a wide audience. www.zanbeelart.com
I wanted to hop inside of it and take a nap..
All that other shit is irrelevant.
going to pphs winter concert tomorrow, yea im a
I have no energy in my body... I guess I studied too hard lol My brain can't hand all these information plus other info :(
As long as no one knows than nobody can care
If #Romney loves this country so much and feel that #obamacare is bad then why didn't he do anything in last 4 yrs?
RT Really paying for not doing any form of exercise what so ever in the past 5 years. Is it really worth it.... Really?
Lessons from the NFL Draft: If you make some moves and trade 1 or 2 you can move up & improve your chances of getting the 1 you really need!
TOO BAD MY DAD EMAILED HIM AT THE BEGINNING OF THE WEEK TELLING HIM! MEHHH HEEEEH!
Congratulations on your wedding!
Turn on channel 3 if you were at #nopantsaz - we're on the evening news!
Girl I know how much you really want somebody, somebody that don't really need you smh. He speaking to em
I know right! We don't even really get a winter.
and not just thick in the waist but Beautiful in the face
Words can't describe how happy I am that it's finnaly friday.
Every week? LOL
yea bro I don't even make anything of it anymore...he talks shit about skip but with comments like that he is skip lol
True, but librarians need citizen support RT: Also, librarians are the best advocates for our libraries
Good morning! RT Morning!
I feel like that fish in franks twitter pic
It pisses me off so much how my friends act like I'm so stupid...
New iced teas in stock!! Blueberry, Strawberry and French Plum.
I need proof.
#np Renegade - Jay-Z x Eminem
I'll check it out:)
Nba is back!! Its about time :)
I forgot to tag y'all in my K-celeb envy but you did it for me by hollering back! Obviously I'm not as good about my Hootsuite...
by shaving one tenth off our budget for the military industrial complex, we’d all have health care and groceries forever.
to live is the most rarest thing in the world. most people exist, that is all.
oh that suck you should for get everything and come back to Fresno
Welcome home- if u haven't found a church home yet, would love to have you join me at
it takes awesome to know awesome
It's funny because I've been seeing him for years. Things just turned now. #goodnight <3
My mom called me around 1:30 and just because I didn't answer my phone, she assumes I'm still sleeping. Gee, thanks Mom. -___-
I think my room is to dark maby later I will take a pic and tweet it later :3
just at koi having b-day dinner for my buddy ice cream. Wow had the best bisque ever, so spicy so good!!!
heard a weird sound during a phone call today...i think Pioli may have tapped my iphone...
Trying to get going this morning isn't easy...I'm so congested, it's leg/booty day & I have brunch with a client! Ugh...
but how exactly?
Did I mention how much you guys rock?
Dont worry goober, I'm not! You best be getting to school on time though (;
I forgive myself for perpetuating drama in my life. I release drama and embrace freedom.
CM Punk is in the ring, and I know he's got something to say,
Hey Austin, we really wanted to say Thanks for the follow!
when i leave for good I'm gonna play the shit outta J. Cole Home For The Holidays
"I can almost see it, that dream I'm dreaming, but theres a voice inside my head sayin 'you'll never reach it'. "
You don't even deserved to be slapped by me. My hand is to good for your face.
RT : I was grateful to see ’s words of support. Look forward to working with him to get our country back on track.
well I will still be working.
what does that mean
I forgot to turn in my science homework, no A+ for me. And that's a shame, that paper was good... :(
Many of our efforts are focused on our unique faith based life recovery program.
It's all about the gazpacho when it's 100+ though sounds like you'd like it in popsicle form better!
Um. What?
I hit 100 followers. Thanks guys. Looking forward to the next 100
hi! recovery is going really well, i'm walking w/out crutches :) just keepin' it real in cleveland. how's chi?
I agree, "The best investment we can make for this country is early childhood education"
RT : if yu let me , i will satisfy you ; )
I know your peeps will tell u what he's doin. I don't know why they don't wanna tell me
If you respect the Polynesian or Island culture & lifestyle then that's all that matters! We are all HUMAN BEINGS & we just wanna share!!!
My bartender , who is white, said he got drunk and lost in B'more and ended up in the hood. A cop picked him up and helped him find his car
of course! Although I need some help myself right now. Haha
Since the #WomenBuild inception in 1998, #volunteers have constructed more than 1,800 houses, including six in #Miami-Dade County.
what do you need advice of:)
tryiny to put the proper perspective on my job,but its tough
Always keep your head up girl......you truly are an inspiration
That enough of that sentimental stuff
"The Tree of Life" review coming soon.
TCVM traditional chinese veterinary medicine. incorporates acupuncture, herbs, tui-na, food therapy for wellness of animals.
"so after, when he whispers 'you love me, real or not real?' I tell him 'real."
Toyre at my job
Titanic: "Nothing On Earth Could Come Between Them." Except Class. Jack Dawson is the 99%?
My son has rejoined the pack. Thank you for school!
What the hell is Pitino drinking? Spermicide?
It's the latter. Come and meet
New on draft: Crispin Cider, Southampton Double White, and Peak Organic's Fall Summit. Its 5:00 somewhere but it's always beer:30 here!
you can follow me? (:
At mcdonalds um what do I want??.
point is: a ecological understanding of our temporality and interconnectivity can minimize much of the current schisms & division
Loved all the green jackets at church this morning! Gotta love
Starting to see the light at the end of the Burger Tunnel, JEEZ we've been buried! New concoctions coming ASAP
If anyone else wants to write glowing reviews about us in a blog post, feel free ;)
Maybe one of the awesome artists would design it.
Nigga b busy jakin my swg ,get ya own shit Get ya own cars,get ya own clothes get ya own girl Yea, u aint reppin’ my gang, get ya own clique
GN Twitter. Love y'all. Dueces , peace, and all that Good SHITT!! ;-)
Had an amazing night, then something has to ruin it. Story of my life.
It got me thinking so hard to bruh its lik Fuck bruh
Up so early...
Wolverine aka Luke Scott is gone.
For some reason it's really hard for guys to wear deoderant. Its fucking gross. Just please put some on.
can you die from two much lemonade . shit thats all i drink..
I'm pulling for italian beef and jucy lucys
My arm hurts D: My baby chicken Died :/
Of course nothing can replace a PCP relationship. But what about folks like me who have no Dr, travel, and get sick?
Making lemon curd and am thankful for my juicer.
please text or call me! 731-298-0779! I spent my bday in the cold waiting for you! Marley (on my frans twitter) PLEASE!
Rest day from my workout today. Back to Insanity tomorrow.
Thanks Zach and please thank the Mrs! RT : Wife and I just voted after work, +2 for !
Doing laundry
I'm in the mood for more macarons, what flavor shall I make next?
FREE workouts for a yr, no strings attached. Use promo code "fit" during the signup process @ www.TheGymPro.com. yes FREE!
Follow the homie and thanks for the support bro
he meant to say "too many whiskies" but he's foreign.
just released a video for the winefolly blog... and am working on a couple of more nuggets for vday week.
yes we are. :) Aka come hang!
I swear this day is going extremely slow :-\
so sorry lol
Thankfully, I can't recall.
I'm stumped. I'm trying to reinvent myself, but I don't know how. Anyone know how to create a Temple of Soul?
Was just going to tell you about but you're already on it! (I blame huldulfolk, as usual.)
Thanks Nate. Glad you were able to make it in. Pleasure to have you in the resto
When I make it to the pros I would love to be in a sports commercial prolly for Nike if not Under armor
I want a juicy seasoned by the best greasy cheesy azz burger!!!!!
Joe! Average Skwirl here. Hopingu listen to a dig us. Best & success!
Don't know it, I'll have to learn it!
M. Tasty. R u in the mood to make blueberry pancakes or Southern style biscuits now?
Sorry about that! It looks like twitterfeed.com puked the wrong blog post to twitter.
We Have Overcome! Let The Weak Say, "I Am Strong!" Let The Poor Say, "I Am Rich!" Because Of What Jesus Has Done For Us!
...naw that's you!
lets see how much shit i can get done in an hour
We'd love to see it!
Why do people fear snow? Snow is AWESOME.
we here LOVE Flamenco!
I am just ready to come home. I made a mistake with this <U+E058>
The RVLution is free - April 21 at Metabolic Designs in Woburn - noon to 2pm - plus a 30 min zumba class (also free)
Well!? RT : why are you up if you're not participating in the fire alarm???
Will send them over right now
VACATION RT #LivFamFeudQues name something people count down the days until
Just got off work. What did I miss tonight?
I truly respect the people who stay strong, even when they have every right to break down.
I just cut my toe open
hey are you for sure going to that show at grapevine mills on the 26th loooool
Never been to Kelly's this early in my life
Are malls everything that's wrong with the world in one convenient location...or am I just getting old and moldy?
I want to talk you if you are renewing business telecoms or requiring new ones, Landlines, Mobiles, Broadband or Systems. 0844 880 2010
Banners and new business cards are in!!!!
OH: I'm flying to Vegas with a guy who just learned to fly. So it could be an interesting story. Or a death story. (Thx )
Ryan just said to me: "Don't start any more fucking bands, PLEASE!"
from PHL can't u do the amtrak thing?
believe this song will NEVER get old and if you don't dig the song i'm sure you'll at least dig the message...
Cross your fingers, though, and hope we don't get a repeat this year!
done deal! Shots it is! :-)
I hope your eyes are better! let me know if you need any help. - Dr Melamed
Lol just walked around the neighborhood without pants on
We're watching this boring ass movie man <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I'm probably just going to listen to Four Year Strong all day today!
hey check your email and the track is there.
Why can't every day be like this?
I see an amputated toe in my future
Live here from my sister's college graduation. Already been asked where I'll be going to school next year
Today Was Really Fun Thoo ! (:
hey Zack. How are you? I miss talking to you.
Gettin chipotle on the way home
Nice shit talking, ma. You must feel really big, don't you. I see you didn't do shit today, faggot. I don't think I believe you
8. "My Beautiful "Black" Entertainers."
I need a #TEXTNBOO inbox me!!!!! Im up
All my team is loyal niggas
I love listening to Something To Dance For on my way to school great way to start my day :) <3
oh and did i mention we hit every single red light on the way in this AM?
Oops. Did I offend people? Haha. Come on now.
He might smell like a freshly baked pie. Or Axe body spray. who can say?
Saaaaaaaaaaweet. Yes you are.
Can u please pray for my family I just lost my daddy and I wanted to know if u could pray for us
Really? I think we need a closer. STAT.
found my kind of bar in LA. Plenty of peanuts, and you just throw the shells on the floor
beautiful quote, "I desire nothing more than to be in your heart until forever dies."
Hi Lucille I'm sag if you can use me sometime give me a call
i <3 the way u think sweets!! =p
#MusicVideo - "Hottest Dude On The Block" (Feat. Kyd Splash & Lyrik Luciano) - DROPS FRIDAY!
becomes high school drop out because school sucks because people
All Those Trying To Watch Stream Is Showing Error... Will Keep Looking and Tweet If We Find A Direct Link. Keep Praying :)
According to , Brad Hopkins & 's text message convo during the Lakers game last night was: "Hey! Whatchya doin?"
I got kicked out of show choir because I couldn't even step-ball-change
People do that?
Summerfest. Beer. Flogging Molly. I love summertime!!
Where are you located? Orphanz™
We are balancing work and fun, hope your small business is doing the same!
If moths are seen in a peron's house: The owner of that house will become important.
Just made a counteroffer to Illinois. Told 'em I'm in high demand. Trying to finagle an extra 100 tins of Copenhagen in my contract.
nice to meet the face behind the tweet! Great event tonight, keep in touch.
I know how ya feel like from the tweet
I got paid with a reality check...
A recent national survey estimated rates of 8.4 percent for physical abuse and 6.0 percent for sexual abuse in the general population.
I jist saw your tweet about Andy's cookies. I really gotta learn how to work twitter. You never brought me any?!
#nothinghurtsmorethan having blue balls n having to walk around all day with them
At an AmeriCorp PACC VISTA retreat until Friday.
That have Brzezinski brought know CNN GMC offer
hahaha tag, you're it! Found you......through bree.... :)
Book A Star for Your Next Event. Send Offer or Price List Request to DNS AGENCY For All Your Booking Needs********
Harpoon brewery with was a success
pig wings are back!!
Something borrowed w/ Babe <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
White-bean and turkey chili made. Bikram in two hours! Allergies are killing me but it won't get in my way.
Send Greinke and K-Rod to the #Rangers for Martin Perez and Profar.
I will do all i can to protect this kids from the negligence of their mother. Dnt matter that shes a friend of my mom
RT #SocialSecurity is not in crisis despite what is often said media or by politicians.
"you got a boy like him, a man like me, and that's just not the same" #chromeo is coming to town!
Thanks for the guests this weekend! We hope you have a very romantic night :)
While we're on domesticity, I've very recently discovered when I'm not working 60+ hours a week, it's WAY easier to keep a clean house.
U2 Concert tickets for Carter Finlay Stadium and Oklahoma Memorial Stadium go on sale Saturday.
Tonight - Tune into the Jordan Rich show, WBZ AM 1030 for a lively discussion on modern manners with special guest Susan Callender
Yes. Ask Travis Trask.
Best Rap Performance by a Grammy? How many nominees can there be?
Anyone want to donate some headphones? Lol
Riveting testimony from the family of Phylicia Barnes in support of MD HB1120 to provide better support for missing children. Outdated...
Ready to get reacquainted with your grill? Do it up right with Fresh Albacore Tuna Steaks, on sale for $13.99/lb. You save $5/lb Fri-Sun
Difficult to search for images in registries -- need to know information not be easy to find on examining the piece
So glad I have multiple skills -- our local library campaign needs a flyer. I feel lucky I found wonderful people to be on our committee.
Hey #MAHOMIES I thought iphone should tweet awhile(: So Hi. #DontTellAustinImtweetingMyself shhh..
You're very welcome :)
Certainly, no problem. :)
I hate u BC.
Someone should text me! Keep me company while I play Xbox.
Every cell in your body is seeking fulfillment through joy, beauty, love and appreciation.
Tom Barrett is without question the most pathetic politician I've ever seen in my life. Most ineffective mayor in history of Milwaukee..
#Atlanta #musicmidtown if you are not here you are missing some good times.
Spend $24 to have two enter the CC Auto Show, pay $10 to park. Why not just go to a dealership for free and get treated royally no lines?
"I hope you burn in hell, like the guy who invented stuffing turkeys!" "Hey! Who wants to try some of my butthole bread?!" Oh, Family Guy.
it's A LOT of people. You'd be surprised.
Oops...really spelled: osfoora
Great meeting you too! Thanks for coming to present to #NLCAtlanta! I'm looking forward to connecting again soon.
For those of you going to #ISTE12 I'll see you there and will have to add it to the list.
Exactly. We know who you are.
All very interesting points.
": they need blankets in the movie theater. I just freezed my tits off!"/ewwwww could u imagne the germs on the blankets
So who wants to kiss in the rain *Boys onlyy ;)
amazing set tonight! Might be one of the best shows I've ever seen!
Whoah! Say whaaaa?! Too funny RT : If I were single, I'd be all over him. I mean it.
Hi Ree, Thank you for following! Have a wonderful Sunday!!
. Yes, poor choice in adjectives. Something unique and delicious would be ideal.
about to do a interview With Nbc
Mover puts in his notice before showing up to help me move my machine. Result... Broken machine :(
If I had a dick would you suck it?
A hundred mother fxckers can't tell me nothin
Watching #packers highlights the morning after and I still feel that adrenalin rush of winning!
Now I'll be thinking all day about making porn. There are worse things.
sears tower
are we still doing jeans today?
LOVE the marriage of art & commerce - Get it!
George Michael's Faith was the best selling album in the U.S. in 1988.
Put your hand on someones head during a tackle gets a flag, ripping someone's head off is just a good play...
I'm sure Jim Hacker would agree.
UStream for tonight's meet-up here: tinyurl.com/3j6eefm
Dinner bet?? I will take over 100
"Dam Subtracted 6 It's Getting Lower & Lower.!
We called it Gap Tag. You had to touch the back wall of the store without being "helped".
that jacket cost alotta loot
horses name is Wednesday
Re my last tweet: That’s a tilda in there. Just so you know.
Charles Barkley on Miami: “I didn’t even know they have a bench, to be honest with you."
Happy Birthday Jonnie Nash, have a great day!!!
THE WAIT IS OVER ... THE OFFICIAL "FLIPPIN INK" MUSIC VIDEO IS NOW UP ... #TEAMYCB #TATTOOMUSIC BY
flowers, chocolates, breakfast in bed and paper delivered.......better be lucky tonite.
I'm bored.
Do Monday's ever get easier? I suppose they do when you retire. Unfortunately most of my generation won't ever be able to retire!
59 miles to Tucson.
My back is feeling better, weeded this morning and can't wait to bike today! One of the best medicines for sore muscles is to use them!
thanks. 100% agree!
There are some really cool running T-shirts for women nice look stuff!!
All in all a great day!
Awww, that's so sweet! She's probably v sad to leave you!
M cheese calzone <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Yessssir! And I need me some animal time!
Great seeing you again yesterday! FYI, all 3 Info Syst. books have pricing options for students.Questions? Thanks! -Ben
i wish! but no he said he was gonna give me $200 on the 13th so i will do it myself! he still hasnt deactivated the other phone!
Why is One Republic covering a White Stripes song?
sittn n da park n my car listening to music wyd?
hi your gorgeous!! Just thought you should knoww xx
only thing you exercise is yo mouth!!!!
Hello everyone! How is everyone's president's day going!? Come and check out our website, we're adding new items on it!!
Absolutely. It's probably her most well-written book that I've read.
Still waiting for the airplane commercial...
I finished Alternate Choices Thurs night and I had planned on taking a break from writing, but another plot is brewing in my brain!
my birthday tonight with can't make it tonight? then come to SOB's tomm!
How is it day going? Almost cold out..
if it's the movie version with johnny depp, he could cut my throat whenever he wants!
yeah he will have fun....and I won't
Those raccoons look like a real life squirtle squad. They roll deep as fuck
Pig hearts
Why escape being left alone with a stranger than savor it?
Can I get a shout out please
Huge goal by the Caps. Staying in the game.
haha let's hope Kanye doesn't get broken up with too then
can't wait to catch up with you hermano! hay que vernos
Ohforcrissakes, you guys. I'm begging you to borrow my copy of the Hipster Style Guide.
RT if you #BELIEVE in your fans.<3 34
grass roots movement...get Aziz Ansari to host SNL! The man is a legend!
Every day it just keeps getting better!! Excitement abounds in the Gemeinhardt Universe!
I like dope rappers because I actually listen to the lyrics!!!!
Awesome Cheryl! Say hi to Ali for me!! :-)
yes sir!!
Come to Memphis while you're in the state!
We have 2 new positions for a #UX and #UI developer in our small Christian team. Check out details at www.meeklabs.com/about/team-wanted/
It would be encouraging and empowering for younger students to be with their older peers
You are having the most delicious dinner :)
B pro shops outdoor world coupon
names are what you get mention notifications for (;
oohh! I'll have to see if I'm in town, but if i am, i'd love to stop by to congratulate you and visit with your family!!!
Shout out to the man who stepped in front of my car at the stop light and did a swallow the disappearing cigarette magic trick.
Thats a wrap. This game is OVER
So pumped for the return of Amezaga!
Gottlieb: Went to Bell & filed Public Records Act request. Wanted contracts, council minutes, etc. Manager wouldn't see us, sent clerk....
Look at my sexy friend ;) lol
I hope is open late so I can bus out there for beer and all my convenience store needs, like plungers and protein bars.
Greater than would mean you like that. O.o
Staff have noticed the south-most Hut door still not open. Please check multiple doors early in morning. Security being notified.
Yes sir. The vs match would be $
Belle Wheelan of SACS to speak at 2010 CHEA Annual Conference and International Seminar. See the Preliminary Program at www.chea.org.
you're all mine. I'm claiming and keeping you.
Thank you FANS! You did it! 1000 LIKES! Onward and Upward, Yours Truly, Traveler
Officially uninterested in a Superbowl XLII repeat. Another one where I ask, "Can both teams lose?"
I used to hate guys with big eyebrows.. and now.. they're becoming a turn on.
Didn't Shaq do the same thing in Miami?
Spinnin' some poi and listen to some tunes...2 of my favorite tings!
Subtle, understated, controlled, classy. Just like Whitney would've wanted. Thank you Ms. Hudson. You were the voice of our tears.
We watched Horrible Bosses last night and just as expected it was just as funny as the first time!!
Business idea: MiFi devices you can rent by the hour. Do these exist? I need one this afternoon.
Zach on drums and michael singing :P
I'm all for the no second hand smoking, but this new commercial is a bit much.
American Letterpress: Hatch Show Print coming to ! So excited!!!
#AubreydeGrey leading researcher on the cure for aging is on right now @
MIXTAPE RELEASE PARTY JUNE 22ND AT THE TOC BAR EVERYONE THAT HAS A FEATURE I WANNA SEE YOU THERE!!!!!
Thanks gentlemen! We appreciate it :)
Wasabi for lunch and for dinner - good thing I'm starting boot camp this week!
If Faust were an old-school academic or scholarly publisher, today's Mephistopheles would be offering "searchability, findability."
I feel like im going to pass out.
no thank you! Enough with the talent shows !
follow me back?(:
Orson, you can sleep in my tent and have some fun - or - sleep with your mom all night long.
Am out Jah Bless everyone
Woohooooo! See you tonight!
Ohh lordd!! Nick breezy followed mee!! I think that is like the 887537392585963747474888th time he has killed me!! I love this kid
Happy Birthday!
When is being released in Florida?
And what the fuck I'm supposed to do in LA for dating now that I'm single? lmao I wish I would drop $80 for a movie on you hoes!
Lost in Lost
who doesn't make smile?
Recall fond memories.
I hope the games today are as good as the ncaa ones yesterday...definitely got my monies worth...Go Blue
Congratulations and family! What a great name for a great big little guy! I'm glad everyone's healthy and happy!
haha! I love the pics of your house though!
Aww ;) so freaking cute!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers & mothers to be! We are only fathers because of you! Enjoy this beautiful day!
Did you ever read his book Empire? He went way off the deep end.
yes ! I got the deluxe one bc it comes with extra songs !
Of way to make the dentist even more painful...
Mom jus came in my room w/ a oamlet & potato skins! day startin out good
One of our customers gave us a heads up, it's an international number probably Italy.
Columbia was fun last night. Thanks to Bart bean, sunshine mamas, blue fugue, josh bishop, Jason, Morgan, and everyone who came out!
This not eating meat is really getting to me.
Ducks vs Coyotes, got a killer deal on a Suite at the Honda Center. Go Ducks! Quack like a Duck.
hm..i wonder who now??
that would be nice
This weather reminds me of Washington <3
of course it's just fine. but it's not THE NEWEST AND SHINIEST!!!
Ok!! Matteo is coming out today!!! Yay!!! :D
it's general info session/tour but I know a lot about their sports management program
Starting this tax season we are now offering mobile and pick up service. File your taxes from home or work, we'll come to you.
New Deftones record later this year? Color me stoked but I'll believe it when I see it.
congrats. that's awesome.
haha! Love it.
All my followers are unfollowing me!
": Where is ?!" Neva too far away
guessing attendance is 572
good luck! Lots of great venues to choose from!!
Eff class right now. UGH!
Jacking off to Tyga's voice.
it's ok.when android updates you can drop comcast and use your phone as your router.
Big Time Move is trending! New episode or? x
Hey ! You should make a bobble head doll!!
sERVING sAN dIEGO BY THE SLICE!
Brett #Shoemaker i need some shoes #Brett Shoemaker make me some shoes, just kiddin buddy. :D
(because obvs that's where discourse goes)
I had to vent it was long over do. Oh and s/o to for being real since birth.
You're welcome. :)
In jersey visitin ma lovin bro I love u wit da momma n sista
I highly respect anyone who can quote Shakespeare... And continue to say which play... Which scene... which section... I need to brush up!!!
Um...I should be in bed by now, my arthritis is acting up lol
The Winner: Bridgestone
The Rolling Stones - Winter - 11:21 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
I'm trying to remember, but it is slipping my mind right now:/ sorry, it is 130AM. brain isnt working really:/
...Just had a grapefruit followed by an espresso chaser. YUCK!!! Don't do this at home folks. I REALLY shdv waited at least half an hour :-0
A Pimp is a horrible thing to brag about being. Pimps are piece of shit scum, I never understood why dumbass Rappers brag about being a Pimp
Thanks for the follow Checkout if you want to help as an ongoing fitness blogger.
Bitch i been the man in my city most fans in my city -
I saw you guys on Tv !!
#GoTribe Roll tribe can't stop CLE going places
Life is too short to wake up in the morning with regrets so love the people who treat u right and forget about the ones who dont
THE MOST IMPROVED ZIP CODES - U-T San Diego
YOU HAVE AN SUV?! GASP.
when i listened 2 her song picture to burn ! i was inspired a lot !
Poolside at night. Happy Memorial Day everyone.
City you can take the trophy and shove it! Its the only one you guys are getting. Next season we're taking it back.
Paloma, red velvet couch, Rio Rita.
I need to go to Walmart but I'm scared to go alone right now :(
And then I pathetically tried to get out of bed and I kinda just slid onto the floor and laid there for like 20 minutes
It's never comforting seeing pics of someone you've hooked up with & having that "what the fuck was I thinking?" moment.
Word of the Day: Plans
That's awesome that you love boloco because a best friend of mine started it. Go Guv Patrick too!
Thank YOU for a very fine time. You brought out our best.
Run! Run! okay you can walk.
this dude be tail gate'n me
Can't wait for the #NFLDraft!!!!!
Headcount looks minimal for today, so enjoy #USMNT on ESPN3, and pop in later for #Mizzou v KSU and Teal & the U23's v ElTri on Telefutura
NFL, I love you.
If you want me in your life, figure out a way to put me there. I'm done trying.
Poles: Am people solidly reject the gut-unions/cut-1%ers-taxes/Bomb-Iran Republicanism championed by the Prez wanabees.
This line to see Bill Clinton is beyond ridiculous
You want a background?
Feeling little more energized after drinking shakeology.. Yeah!!
I hate sneezing while driving.
We have a finalist in every category but Freestyle.
Can't be Friday w/o #FF shout-outs to
is my soon to be husband guys. <U+2764>
only cause you're the bday boy
noo we have the test on friday and our homework is to be prepared and we present on Thursday!
what's the difference?
Maybe working out will give me the energy to finish this paper
About to watch lil b give a lecture at NYU hahaha
and all on one stage for $10. Stuff just got really real. house of blues April 6th hit me up!
aww thank you! :) I may or may not be a lil obssessed with The Hunger Games :)
#Golf Pro Teaching is strange “I don’t know about that new pro,” said Pete. “He may be a little... Read punch-line @ www.ICUGolfStories.com
faces today at 5:30 p.m. MT. Follow to get all the in-game tweets!
actually they're going in the former Joe V's space, someone else in the Pops!
Just too many injuries for UNC to overcome.... My bracket looks good though, 3 out of 4 <U+E00E>
All iOS devices updated.
I guess this is good, just saw where our Tweets were classified in a Twitter list called PR Rockstars! Thanks! We'll keep on tweetin'!
Cant stop thinkin about him
West Ham come back from 1-3 down to get a draw and then I hear Facebook have acquired Instagram! Ladies and Gentlemen, it's party time!!
Loud music in Menswear at Macy's raises false hopes of getting caught in a flash mob. (Some day.) Just an over-ambitious dept store DJ.
Rock & Reilly's on Sunset...having a blast with and !
mine either haha
Non-wavers ruin my day! Or, hour, at least.
Sweet. Thanks.
Preparing duck for the rose bowl, I wonder how badger tastes?
There's a reason I enjoy you so much on First Take ... and I was reminded of it today. That was just like a bad faculty meeting.
: yay, and hooray for fancy hair! see you then :)
Salute to thee one and only You have paved the way for many rappers DJs and promoters out here in this dog e dog industry.
Going to bed early tonight:) goodnight to and
WTF, dude!? RT : Shunned by Peyton, unable to get Luck or RGIII, the Miami Dolphins draft themselves a Microsoft Zune.
Check out DDSO holiday gift items at www.zazzle.com/DDSO_org. All items have been designed by DDSO participants. Support a great cause!
sorry I fell asleep. And my dad is being a jerk and moms not home so I seriously don't care if you just show up here.
That's very kind of you. Thanks so much! That story wrote itself.
Junior Environment Artist - A Developer based in London, for more info contact .uk
Sixers are on a roll. Lakers tonight. Can they get a fair shake from the zebras? Superstars shouldn't need the help. what think you?
me too xD I think its our smile, or our face just in general. We're so cute (': lol
you sound like me (:
I just now did mine , and spent like 5 minutes on it . Ndc ! I got other things to be doing with my life. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Kick her skinny little ass my wrestling goddess.
Rooting for the Texas Rangers tonight. Not really a fan of either team, but they deserve to win one finally and have a great team.
We're open normal hours today - 10:00 - 6:00. Come on by!
I am incredibly excited to be part of your program. Thank you!
The things you guys and girls say on twitter...makes my day!
#birdemic I'm hoping a bird will see my tweet!!LOLOLOL!!
Susie homemaker tip of the day. Adding baking soda to mop water prevents the wet mop after smell!
good thing you speak it ;)
The last pitcher to throw a no-hitter for the Cubs was their batting practice pitcher.
Woke up early to devour for the #ScavengerHunt only to realize I'm at the wrong one! Welp...
Its amazing jazz musician are more appreciated outside of America. Let's bring jazz back! Join me in my campaign. Twit YES
I saw the block off on 59. Are you okay?!?!
The politics is interesting but Tom Hanks looking for statues and stuff seems pretty far fetched and useless
Good luck with the move to Cincy. I think this puts your recent Brennaman related retweet in context for me now. :-)
I hear all the negative people who hate the Timeline, but who out there thinks it rocks!!?
Okc gonna win it all anyway so
Yep. RT": The best time to apply for new jobs is at work...that's what I call using your time constructively."
Can we skydive Dubai the week after?
Might check out the this weekend!
thankyou! And I've followed you now :D
btw. Hate the Cowgirls
Omg Kurt is shameless!!!
Fuck yes. I get to go home and no tennis practice.
cause that's rare..
is on to bigger and better things!!!!
#NY I miss you.
The king deserves a better team around him. RT very few #mariners fans here tonight. felix deserves better.
If you're at #NAFSA11 don't forget to visit us at booth 1810!
Thank you I'm very excited about it!
Told her do me a favor and put yo mouth on this faucet
Morning practice tweeter-ers. No meeting today but tweet me something interesting. If you see this you're on track!
Yay! It's friday and I don't have any plans this weekend. Freedom!
My 11:11 wish is for to follow me!(: it would make my night! I would go wake my sister up and be like "he followed me!!!!!!"(:
At the upfront, I love that the graphics to represent vice sports are all Soccer.
if you can guess what I just drew it would be a miracle
“: You in charge of the "bag loading" music today? #MSUGolf” Spin Doctors, Sister Hazel, Smashmouth on Deck.
I just keep thinking how much I hate the fact that Alexandria never got to meet before she died.
great to be with in Atlanta for their regional conference. Great people. Great Spirit!
Just saw a sign that read : be the person your dog thinks you are!
Is it your party, or are you just being a big crybaby?
heaven is your mother's womb
Only if you stay sober the whole time...
U have no idea what u don't know~
Only thing I'll "miss" about Tiger Spot is seeing it demolished. What a huge zit on the face of Lowry Mall.
can I get a "g" on purp 6 please... phantom of the operah!
it was nice chatting! I'm off to work for a bit..... See you soon hopefully! Muah!
Miranda Cosgrove is an awkward person
The #bucks NEED a win tmrrw against Indiana and then if beat sixers that's only 1 game difference with the sixers having a tougher schedule.
can't wait to celebrate Valentines Day tonight Bella
Hey Investors! Buy Real Estate GOLD reduced 100k 10 units with 9 2's over 9% cap rate at current expenses includes property management.
The calm before the storm. Literally.
Meetings are actually kind of awesome when the topic is the #NCAA Tournament.
just saw a sun drop commercial..
Impressive no? LOL
So good!! Maxwells
On point.
wow congrats love dope article too
Praying lil bro. love u~
SMOSH Set to Launch YouTube Original Content Channel Shut Up! Cartoons April ... - MarketWatch (press release)
you are
wont call u from a blocked #! she talks about YOU all the time! :)
when it's kinda squishy
"Nobody bother me!"
needs to stop using dirty words lol
weyyyyyyy!! Saludos keep doing the good job!;)
RT Prickly pear drink (has tequila)! rocks! Wow. Luv, luv, luv this place.
great article, good luck and continued success to Fernando!
"The longer we dwell on our misfortunes, the greater is their power to harm us." -- Francois-Marie Arouet, better know as Voltaire
I'm jealous! stop by the bank when you have a chance
Summer Youth Employment Training for Travis Co. Residents!! 50 Slots Contact Wendell Williams for more enrollment info.
Did we mention FREE BEER on the S.S. Bloody Brunch River Cruise? Because oh yeah....that's happening! www.bloodybrunch.com
Off to school!
Monday monday! This weekend is Halloween weekend, what kind of wiches brew are you going to serve. Come in by Weds to save even more!
It's not your typical Monday ..MLK birthday celebrated today as National Holiday!
just want to give a S/O to good music...keep it up!
Bout to watch charlie valientine, I love this movie thanks to lol
Thanks! Feel free to link that to your website!!
#KYDerby138 #derbyonnbc we missed several hours on NBC due to Derby party, have tivo'd to watch this wk.
#twEATDrink is a brilliant idea! is this happening in seattle?
thinks buttered popcorn jelly beans are repulsive.
I aint doing nothing..at work..dealing with nothing but crazy people today oh my goodness
Great presentation and visuals by 'Using online marketing to date leads and marry customers'
We certainly can't win our championship from our bedside. So having the spiritual, mental and physical to play your game is vital
Duderstadt talks about "degree tax" and other alternative ways to fund higher education for low income students.
HAHA!!! you know that if you really tried you could have him
To re-appropriate a favorite Ice-T quote: I want to debate so bad, my dick's hard. Spread the word.
it depends on what kind of device ecosystem you want. Not that I'm biased or anything, but the iPhone is the way to go!
I wanna steal your profile pic...*spit*
Don't think so, I haven't heard from him in years. But I know he was in the movie "The Wrestler" small role though that's about it.
We definitely need more #political #rappers. I see so many on #twitter wanting 2 breakout. Well, there ya go! #RealSyria like
I want some hash browns and eggs...who cares if it's 8:30pm, #breakfast rocks!!! :D
... your good luck charm is watching the game
I *love* it! Where did you find it?
god I hope so
Football in full force around here.
CEIR report shows that overall exhibition industry activity increased by 3.8% from a year ago & 2.7% for 2011 as a whole.
...and Ricky Fowler won a PGA tournament.
HEY REMEMBER ME? WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU HAD A MASSAGE LOL, I HOPE YOURE DOING WELL PLEASE TELL MRS. PAT I SAID HI
Thanks. It's not that I've got writer's block, it's that I've become scared to release my ideas into the wild for fear of [?]
It is not uncommon, particularly in small breeds, for one or more primary teeth to remain behind (so-called retained primary teeth)
Accidently sent a text about someone TO the someone I was talking about...serves me right! Should have just blasted them on Twitter for all
Fwy finally opened!! Wow what an experience.
Let's talk about Lana Del Rey's Blue Jeans being in the Nespresso commercial...
do you do pure barre? I'm really wanting to try it!
Oh Hi Blake. You can be my honeybee, too. # Stagecoach
can i sing an "amen" to that!
You are All I need and I'll never let go Tell Em you are all I need and I'll never let go.
My fault I just seen it. Memphis won.
I was almost run over by a Segway leaving work tonight -- one of the hidden perils of working near Fisherman's Wharf!
I was just in the car, rapping it... Then my mom looked at me weird. I think she's just jealous of my horrible rap game...
yea yo ass
All the good stuff is on TV tonight, Heros, House, How I met your mother, Big Bang Theory. I wish they were spead out a bit.
Time for the Fins to invade Macon for the ASUN Tournament! GO Fins!!! #fearthefin #maconmadness Men tip today at 230pm vs Belmont!!
Oh no! you are offline! We never have time to write! :/ Sent you a direct message again! xD xoxo
was amazing but UGH her tweet about the halftime show being good? NO. just NO. if she keeps it up there should be a drug test
<- should bring poolside at Chambers | ! Perfect sound for a Sunday Summer pool party!
Does NYC breed naturally smelly people?
I traded Ben Franklin for a bike helmet. Poetic, no?
So impressed! Really eye-opening to watch all this data come together and explore on several levels.
If MTV's current viewership had ever heard of Whitney Houston, maybe they would cover her death. cc:
do you see him at the ebooks session? it was great to get a local perspective & be sure and tell him good job!
idk if we still going
RT : excited to be playing tomorrow night with & Paul & Kat - let's do this!
no lol its cold here! LOL
to create a successful art career and help other artists do the same.
Time is running out. Don't forget to tell your pub you want The Bloody Irish Boys for March 16th & 17th.
Does anybody know 's fan mail address? Please :)
OK, I was using a 3rd party program, but should officially be following now, and see that you are following me!
How can we expect anything better when we vote for the exact same people over and over and over each time!
They clearly need to be reading the Tribune more often. They'd be much better informed.
Missing at post-InfoCamp beers...
keep on moving don't stop now
but she deserves respect nobody says she's Jesus.
thanks for the support! go UVA CS!
it's still a very exclusive club, defined by stupid and ancient rites of passage. There's lots to be torn down (:
I wanted some cake
I'm in! And I'm down for any ticket :p
I hate Carolina.. That will never change..
-____- go away
Im actually looking forward to tommorrow ^_^
RIP "Condom in Your" Left Eye.
Good luck with that!!
Thanks for the RT Nick!
I can't stand when you needa tell someone somethin and they don't text back!!-__-
On is of the #Bills... He's loving #Buffalo!
In RiRi's mouthed words, "She can sing."
The statement 'Animals are not slaves' and 'the only animal that can be a slave is a human' were clearly meant to be the same.
Ahh, teen wolf is coming back this summer!
thanks love! :) Hoping for a speedy and full recovery for you! <3
Did they even have computers back then? RT : I've been told that today is my 5 year anniversary with Visit Baltimore
Have a great weekend!!
Happy birthday to !
No. 2 in Aisle 4. The World's Largest Trash Can. Beautiful old buildings going to rot. And poop. Lots of poop...
Time is passing by way too fast.
let's pretend i don't know who you're pretending not to be totally jealous of.
After sang your praises to me. I followed you.. realizing we know similar bloggers.. and you're doing a trip..
According to Obama i'm a "purist". i do not plan on voting for Obama again. I welcome Sarah Palin or some other idiot. I have no children.
you welcome babygirl
RT : Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much. -Helen Keller
oh she's a classy one.
Yes, friends... that is the World Famous Joke Show on Prairie Home this weekend. right now and at 11am Sun. Yo' mama so fat...
Raise your hand if you believe that people are truly more productive in open-concept office seating. As predicted, I don't see any hands.
woah why werent there field days last year
Even tho its Saturday and stock market is closed it still went up 180 points. Based on Greece is next economic power.
don't think that, it's just dreams that you have.. Live in the moment.
I'm curious about this glitter polish. We are designing some glitter versions of our nail wraps & would like to compare
A 20-minute wait for an Orange Line or a Blue Line #Metro during rush hour is unacceptable, CC:
Wow, looking at the schedule for the day & we're Watching Tuck Everlasting for most of the day because we just finished the book
SquE-Z the day!
bless up fam wats good ? How you like the new video ?
You're gonna love it. Crazy hot women...
Can you catch crabs from a lap dance
lol yea yea , we'll see
Fuck love, we all end up alone in the end anyway.
It's time to set SALE with Sydney b. Boutique! Receive 50% Off kids designer Clothing & Shoes. #Sale begins Tuesday, July 5th at 8 a.m.
Need prayer for Philosophy. Gotta graduate SCF May 5. I know I will get there. Holdin on to you God
Hi all, Expanding our offerings at ADVENTURE THEATRE MTC. Looking for additional instructors and technique teachers (voice, dance and acti…
definitely campers on
It must be opposite day!
ya bring it on.
YES! I officially quit my day job. When do the checks from the book publishing come in? I just booked us all on a cruise.
R.I.P Whitney Houston! Gone far too soon!
Dual Survival.
Outstanding. You shall know me by my black cardigan.
Digging a hole with Bill and putting a mailbox up! Exciting!
snacks on the MAX. Portland business idea I have yet to put into action. Just like in Mexico City.
Is the penalty for looting in the UK 6 months or less? Just checking, in case you know offhand.
Had a listen to the new zombiesdontpodcast! Thanks for the Renfields plug! next episode... Leslie Vernon rant imminent
that better love.
What kind of music do phones love to hear? A symphony
Haha dont listen to them fools. It's spring training. Best of luck to u and mat in cincy.
I forgot my phone last night. I could have broke the story about Mikael Akerfeldt getting hurt. Knew 25 mins b4 anybody else
Anyone wanna do something today? It's the only day I am free all weekend.
it was HBO, it's over now
Breathe into this quote: "Some will accept me and some will reject me. It's a fact and it's okay."
Clear - is not all the internet I will ever need.
Feel Her Ass If She Has On A Thong Or Boy Shorts, She Wana Fuck
Hey I need to chat with you! When's a good time to talk?
RT : Funny. The FL Chamber of Commerce calls Awake the State & Occupy the "anti-jobs groups."...
txt me
Dangerous !!! you boys behave!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Paul gray
Visit our website for data pertaining to #smile.. Thank you to all our existing and new followers!!!
WELL WAY TO STEAL MY TWEET , BITCH NIGGA
are y'all stuck somewhere?
You see Zay phone at they y
#kidsaredown time for
Did you Know ? On September 6, 1870Louisa Ann Swain of Laramie, Wyoming, became the first woman in the U.S. to cast a vote legally .
I cared b/c we r entirely out of europe. Bad for utd. At least was looking forward to cup winner's cup match? Now. Nada!
The program for men allows only 1500 calories a day, while 1200 calories a day for women
-_- fail lmao, let's just order pizza :D
so the State Government of California is LITERALLY stealing from babies... Real cool California, real cool!
Hey friends! Mocha's is offering free samples of our October special: the BOO Blast! Come try some now before we run out!
My doctor congratulated me on 'looking so good.' Heh. She just redeemed herself.
I forgot to mention that we'll be at the Corrales Harvest Festival on Sat. and Sun. too!
Trying to tie my Tumblr blog to my WordPress sitelinking it to Flickr and Twitter while excluding Pinterestl, Quora and....
looking forward to some heart warming reunions in CoD WaW tonight... only I seem to have subscribed to XBOX DEAD....
I know u want to taste my strawberry ice cream.
Win or lose, Walker's bald spot is growing!
which one? I like the Magic Hat price!
whoaa likes eating ham and cheese off of dogs?
alright let me know
I'll bring you a donut on thursday in the STUDIO...
believe that!keeps up his work ethic he could be special.,, & will b working it this Spring!
oh my god just tweeted me :D
The word, “Dunia,” means “world” in Swahili, Hindi, Arabic, Malay, and Indonesian languages.
back to december
(the music kind, not the poultry kind)
She know if am fucking with her I dont really need her <U+2665>
Doing the while bartender thing isn't my nature, but at the same time it is. My #Virgo is fighting with my
Very few tickets remaining for the Ting Tings. And we have them! Listen to Whip between 130-3pm to win them.
:: Speedbusters heads to the street where a 6-year-old was killed last month. Did a well-meaning fix by make things worse?
That guy's name gives me goosebumps and makes me feel gassy; I trust you EPL Jedi. Who's your team? And who's yours?
fun show at Southpart Hall! our buddies in Touching the Absolute are about to go on and rock it!!!! \m/
My addictions: mt.dew & hot fries <3
I have a story for you. Do to the state budget, teachers are receiving pink slips like crazy today in Santa Clarita.....
Ha! Church..RT : Niggas be bragging about how many hoes they got like that shit is hard to have...Get a loyal woman then brag!!!
if I can do it, anyone can!!
When starting your family history research, you never know where it will go. Check out Madeleine Albright's journey in "Prague Winter"
the hookah bar!
#TCIE videos are up on site!!!! Looking good!!!
are you moving to Alexandria? Don't do it!
Trying to get to that money!!!!
I will second that!!!!
Getting hyped for the game. Just talk to someone in Miami who was totally talking trash...what does he know, he drinks the "U's" coolaid.
woot RT : Luv these! RT : Campers- You will get to sign up for your cards. Yet another great perk for
yes please! Will I see you on friday at 's #apollosafterparty?
People really must think I look Italian or European because I've gotten asked for directions at least once every day I've been here!
oak park looking girl
Thanks for RT about 1820 census error.
RT Chickens getting banned antibiotics and ... prozac, caffeine, benadryl and tylenol. Something wrong with this picture
I'd recognize my husband's chicken scratch set lists anywhere :) Hope you had fun at the show!
The #M121 Social Leadership Academy is designed to equip, inspire, and connect aspiring world-changers and
Ew x. U looks like bitch
To thine own self be true!
heey, your a great singer ima subscribe to you, (: will you follow me back :)
I do to I love huskeys
We're making vegetarian Hamburger Helper tonight...isn't that an oxymoron?
I hate basic ass rap...i like to hear verses that make me think about what they said...that killer word play
All the boys are dressed like Wheels from Degrassi JR High today.
I don't know what more i must do to you for follow me... :(
i agree with Mr Horn
#LiesIveToldMyParents I work at a bank
RJD2. How about you ?
Stop talking in Spanish! I don't understand you! </3
Rough offseasons for our teams and I think that's putting it mildly.
Ha! Man I looked it up the other night, averaged Tix, in the $200 a pop. I went last year but gonna just spend that 200 at a bar
Arrrh! Thx matey! ;) RT : you can catch it on BBC iPlayer with a UK proxy. It's on Pir B too.
#iug2012 the open system. Developer community coming in weeks. Libraries will write queries against database views.
Thanks! RT Congrats!!!
I know it sucks it not the same without and
Thank you very much
"Thesis" may be a little weighty. How about "artist statement"? RT writing my thesis for the Lipsky "Ten"
Thank you for your wonderful advice!
Can y'all PLSE follow my other account itz
Thank you for the great mention in the 2012 Equipment Special on !
's data shows that women don't prefer Bob McDonnell as Mitt Romney's choice for running mate. Interesting to see.
What movie should I watch?
you look so innocent, all full of good intent, swear you know best
Holy cow! She just head butted him!
bring this to DHSI with you!
will i ever meet iconic boyz
#work #peace #love #abundance Give what you seek today...
Omg puberty you're doing it right with Bradley s perry.
Damn what a call!!!
Good morning and thanks for following
Just walked through my door at 530.. Ops
Wow there is less snow and ice on my car then there is on the street what a joke!
Please let the world recognize the crime that took place in 1915.
We need a mayor who is not going to interfere with education system, but will help move it forward.
cant wait for don pablos & cedar point this weekend! E yea!
And maybe possibly, you still want me too..
I'll use to share my progress during the Nationwide Insurance Columbus 1/2 Marathon on Oct. 16
I kno I need help!
God must love me right now...
Uncle Luke was dat nigga in the strip club
"YES" ushers you to "ABUNDANT LIFE"! "NO" ushers you to "DEATH"! Which will you choose?
happy birthday Trenni!! Hope its fun despite being on a Monday! :)
UNC Journalism Department Drops Spelling Test, Discovers Spell Check
this is pretty cool, two thumbs up for the
Thanks, I've been thinking about putting in an application. There are some neat & super smart peeps there. cc:
Follow us, WLT Radio on Facebook!
Toyota Matrix, Chrysler Sebring, every car from Dodge #UgliestCars sOfThe2000s"
#parenting tip: Preparing to have your baby sleep in their bed for the 1st time? Take small steps towards separation.
Feel better mikey an roc Royal
I can define "benny addict," who else can?
nuh uh!! I have 4 little kitties now so i wouldn't ever kill a cat! You're the one who likes little boys....
COG should be posting agenda this afternoon for Tuesday vote. Lets hope we are close to the finish line. Game tonite a must!
I'll take the lot!
on a scale of 1-10 this episode of #Revenge will definitely be an infinity :)!:)
weekend weekend weekend.
It makes perfect sense 2 start the day w/a bible devotional & my horoscope... & take them both seriously.
hey Dan hope you are okay. If you can please call Maria. Video taping on Monday is cancelled. Tuesday is still on
Hope you feel better!
Withdrawal really ought to be over after 8 cigarette-free months.
The Monitor: Man charged with simple assault - Waynesboro Record Herald
i just ordered some copic multiliner pens. now i just need to learn how to shade! lol
Thinking that needs to pay me a visit in Abq!! And maybe do a show too :)
um.... How did aliens talk to you?! Haha :)
#754 your my boo <3 and ily more than anything :*
Fan of ? Listen for comedian Drew Hastings on the morning show at 6:50 and 8:50 a.m.
Should Churches Halt Missions Trips to Mexico?
How can I fix my Windsor broken chair it is really hard to do!
i get to see you nov18 in texas cause i'm visiting my best friend. And seeing you again in orlando dec20 cause i live in fl<33
Saw Steve Young at the market. I was excited. Stacie had no idea so I had to tell her it was like seeing Tom Brady.
what a bitch it is that the sex tape made Kim A superstar and not him Or his big peen
You know you are busy when you don't even have time to tweet! Working on new processes for Social Media Marketing and Reputation Management.
Time is money I don't waste neither
The ratchedness that will take place at LHS after us seniors leave .... Smh these underclassman are all types of questionable
meh, right now. How you buddy?
My comment to the China situation is pull the registration. The statement of challenges authority is a smokescreen.
you go. Wish I could join you.
I have said the word "FUCK" more times than I can count today... and I am really good at counting
Seriously. I hate you. #yourtheadult?
was going to add a user submitted story to the site, but apparently it's been hacked. Turkish hackers
you going to be in chicago soon? would love to connect. got sent your way via piercefamily. DM me or email ?
Fuck the mile and 2 mile though, this year was not my year for them :/
how long would that have I'm out?
is BEST
Hey, Dave Bush struck out an AL pitcher for his first K of the game. Amazing!
The Robin-a-bottle-opener
oh sorry friend. Branch out, but dont replace me.
that's what it was
I wanna know if you ever seen the rain! Still love that song..he is rockin it! Lot of these young folks are bringing back some good music!!
school tm on a monday
Like a bull in a china shop with a superior attitude. That about sums it up.
Baseball/Softball is unlike any other sport.
Small city beautiful girl with BIG dream
The art of leadership is saying no, not saying yes. It is very easy to say yes. ~Tony Blair
We have officially tweeted 1,001 times in our social media history. That is so exciting!!
Shot out to for playing that what I am joint earlier. #Jerz what up
Good! We must catch up!
It's hot af in my room .
hi are you the dev behind AndroidLockXT? How come there is conflict with camera grabber? Are you going to update with support?
Thanks for the message, sorry for the late response. Direct Message us your email and we will reach out to you.
#realtalk you will never be better than me...C'mon....Marie...Really #whatsnextatrampstamp ?
I'm going to tweet on until I fall asleep, goodnight.
Methodist Sports Medicine patient and physician featured on report about #concussions tonight at 11pm.
can this day just be deleted from the calendar...i think it would be for the best...
ANDY!!! I miss you:/// wahh. If you ever come back to south Florida like Miami or frt.lauderdale . Chipotle date???? <3344
Our hero John Cecil is speaking today at #convcon - waiting for updates.....
They found me in droves. I had no other option. Friending students is NOT professional practice.
Promoted Tweets. RT : What frustrates you most about social media?
Coffee rings, napkins, pen caps, creased and taped prints, monitors facing opposite directions…I leave the carnage of this week behind.
She can only take so much in her heart
Im so sick & tired of your face .
can you give me a shoutout please love your tweets btw :) im a boy belieber
At #genychat, we are all rock stars :)
lol I'm sorry but who are you....?
I just walked by a dead guy sprawled on the sidewalk. Given my social psychology background, I'm not surprised that no one stopped to help.
One thing I have learned and that is keepin it 2 real can b a "EPIC FAIL"
joked as I ate some panda express, "I'm probably going to get food poisoning." for the past 2 days I have been sharting pins made of acid
At ALL, she too old for that shit RT : Being a bully doesn't give u cool points
thank you
A source tells us sen. Adriano espaillat will begin petitioning today for congressional run. However, He has not officially declared.
#SubwayBuy1Get1 oh hell yeah! who wants to go to subway with me xD
WHY WHEN YOU NEED SOMEONE KNOW ONE ANSWERS THEIR FUCKING PHONES! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Good on the #Grammys for getting a singer with real soul to honor Whitney. Getting choked up by JHud.
Trying to win selena gomez meet&greet
If you own rental property in/around Baltimore, you're probably overpaying on your property taxes. How to know for sure www.mdtaxappeals.com
i went into Long John Silvers and i can't get a job there not only for my face piercings(expected), but for my arm tat! WTF
Egg Plate supports Walker Point Family Center! Today:Pea Banger Omelet-Irish Sausage, English Peas, Onion, Potatoes and Jameson Cheese Sauce
Quoth my wife: "You and are gonna be shaking your little white asses off to Kool & the Gang in Tacoma tonight."
Geno's face said it all. "it's comin right for me!"
Dam,I truthfully hate when people lie.When you lie to me or around me I WILL PUT YOU ON BLAST.& I dont care who tf you are!!
does Boston Market not count? It's home style.
LMFAO! I can't even.RT : wtf can you and your friend possibly text about all day long?
Why couldn't Dysfunctional Friends just be about Jason Weaver's character? He was the most interesting, level headed, & perplexed by life.
& when things get sunny , niggas try to rain on you . none phase me dont you know that? how can you conquer a man who's conquered himself?
Congratulations to our men's soccer team for winning the ODAC championship tonight.
Pacers fans getting a little cocky looking to the Heat chanting "Beat The Heat!"
Day 3 of half marathon training with : 3 miles, 32 minutes, and a bum ankle. Hopefully I'm able to walk again tomorrow!
Def hoping for big things from Doctor/Collins. Any prediction on Akuna? Haven't heard much about him...
What I should really get into is the "" button on twitter. I just now saw your message. I have a long way to go here
Franks & Beans is goin out on the town
The question is, who pays if the T.O.T. revenue falls short of projections? Let me guess . . . .
yeah.. i think we all have <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
whose to say one of our qbs won't get better being starter and gettin reps.he has no specialskill set thatcurrent guys don't have
Cool meeting at Thrive! Ribbon Cutting Good times.
: Totally agree 100% except jeff buckley's is a cover too.
Follow my tweets,is Sexy related to Desperate Housewives
Okay next time you have one I'll record it and do an interview. But ain't got no cash so.....er.... LOL
I'm tired of mfs talking tuff
Thanking God for so many beautiful blessings in my life! It's the best way to start a day ;) Happy Friday peeps!
that totally works right?
love you too(:
Life without you would be like a broken pencil...pointless.
I'm so sorry <3
63% of Media-Savvy Consumers Use a Connected Device While Watching Live TV - bad news or good? depends on your POV.
We enjoyed Food Truck Friday! Don't wait too long to book your fall event. Weekend dates are filling up fast! Come see us tonight.
that was straight beastin on the tables homey
Thanks for the Artful Science blog tip!
: If there was a like button on Twitter, I'd like this tweet!
hey u didn't sent to back to my ebay account...
Have a great weekend everyone..be safe! Smooches! ;-D
Oh, and do #FF for the first time in like a month.
! Twitter link up work?
You are not thugging if you go to Cheesecake Factory everyday for brunch!
3 hours of strolling magic at a corporate banquet in Vegas tonight at the Stratosphere.
I just love it, a judge that does his job right.....
man im sleepy and this boy need to hurry up and call me
Thankful for everyone that left me and never looked back....
We'll see you on Friday!
Come on over! The breakfast tacos are flowing, thanks to and El Nuevo Mexico!
I have a day off. Why can't I sleep for an hour? That's all I'm asking for. One stupid hour!!!
you know it! Jking though. C and F always have fun. Even when it doesn't seem possible.
Im going to go to sleep heartbroken tonight knowing you havent noticed me:'( </3
#GayMarriage finally Obama came out of the closet
I may have to go. Thanks
If you think you could never kill another human being, you haven't met enough people
Oh look! There's a guy that can hit AND field better than Raburn. Must have had an affair with Leyland's wife- only explanation.
Parkrose schoolboard forces contract on teachers. What do you think about that?
Maybe the #flyers would score more goals if the musical reward was Bro Hymn
After trying paddle boarding for the 1st time a few weeks ago I'm impressed by the Paddleboarder I saw paddling across Lake Washington @ 9am
Here comes my bus!
So excited to watch on THE FINDER tonight!
Let's all pray for these people in Haiti. My heart goes out to them. It makes my problems look so small. God be with them!!!
Literally F-R-E-E PABST at Pub right now help the cause contribute to the beer pyramid. Sunday fun day for cheap. Cheers
Sorry! No exceptions or extensions. Individual grade change forms will need to be submitted via faculty center, if grades aren't in
Officially on plane back to Boise...still at the airport, but on the plane nonetheless.
"I'M SO PUMPED TO CHANGE MY TAMPON!"
chilling fam fucking with the music
We are aware of the current situation. Thanks for following us back and keep in touch.
You rock. I also live in the clouds ;)
Theenn she went on to say she wished she had the guts to go #natural . Man I just wanna be her new best friend and show her the way LOL
Bought a set of red gym lockers today,might paint them purple. Signing the lease on my building next week!!! Grand Opening August 2!!!
very nice! Squirrel netting is key. my cilantro looks like a minefield right now..
Me and Nista are taking turns falling asleep in class lol
The #RedSox haven't fallen behind in the Wild Card standings yet.
#parlay in the plaza
that sounds like a #prettygirlproblem /cc
. actually any kind that allow the ice cubes to fall out of the tray is artisanal enough for me.
Just had lunch with one of my moms co-workers....82 pounds of pure crazy.
Happy Easter! We are open from noon to 6pm today!
tears of unfathomable sadness! m yummy yummy RT : i aint even mad. you are. check yo self before you wreck yourself.
Do you have the doc in a PDF?
TGIF! Tell us how are you "Doing The Most Good" this weekend?
Hey stop f****** with Korean Jesus! He ain't got time for yo problems, he busy with Korean shit! #21JumpStreet lmao
<--- This guy is AWESOME! You really should follow him! :))
When? How?
Going to drink a delicious diet beverage in celebration of the engagement of and
IM SEXXXYYY AND I KNOW IT!
Hi Paul,, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
GAME 2 IN THE BOOKS = SEND IT
If I go to church on Sunday Then cabaret all day Monday Ain't nobody's business if I do
Something always makes me hold on, I hope this time it's different.
who is yor dream guy a)justin bieber b)robert pattison c)jake t austin
:-D ": If you are out & about enjoying your Saturday, this is for you: "Dancing is the poetry of the foot."John Dryden"
Cuz They Lovin The Crew , They Lovin The Crew....The Weeknd's Voice>>>>>>>
Great goal tonight ! overall one of your best performances if the year!
i shut my fb down a while ago or does it show me still active lol but nothin new just working like always hbu
Still searching and scared?
Glad to hear that. Jonathan Jackson is one of my favs.
well, I would guess it would be a short movie if they killed the girl at the beginning and proceed to eat the kid
aaaarrrgggh stupid auto-correct!!
My professor made me 1st author on a paper just submitted to be published!
What us $52K adjusted for inflation worth today? How out of line with Puljos?
Hi Jake. No news to share right now about 4G LTE in that area. If that changes, we'll share details here.
they are LEGIT.
It<U+FFFD>s OK to send flowers, but don<U+FFFD>t let the flowers do all the talking .. The best flowers can say is that you remembered
Heads up western Waukesha county, SVR warned cell in Jefferson co heading east in next 15-20 mins.
hello! Nice to meet you.
WHAT THE HAIL?! must....wait..... 2 more hours adsfkjahskuldeg
wish I had some chorizo right now.
There's a difference, tho, between innovation and greed. Not so black & white, IMO.
Uh Oh. just put #UNLVMBB on upset alert against Nervous yet
ahh ! I sent it by accident ! it's house !
is it truee?
on my personal page or the company?
What would your dream project be?
RT : Works for City attorney not the district attorney. I'm one of the people that don't know difference.
I think her tears were real!!!
Thanks, Steve. Have fun at Pycon.
I'm in Miami too... next stop my office!
There is no LPW I or LPW IV class tomorrow. Please check your email for information from your instructors.
i was thinking that...im confused too. :/
Why thank you sir. RT a rare find my friend
Well i Love ya
better than no sleep at all lol
Desert dwellers in Arizona, please have plenty of water on hand and stay hydrated. Today's temperatures will be climbing over 110 degrees.
Saw the new Two and a Half Men and didnt laugh once...... just like I figured. Miss ya
Men at Work: This year's TNT show you know you're going to watch at least once because of commercials during the playoffs.
Thoughts on SF interest as "favor" being done by Harbs/Alex as leverage play for Condon/Manning? We all know the ties.
cool I hope I get to go lol
maybe they're more like screend-door mtgs :-)
is at Comerica Park in Detroit, watching the Tigers and the Red Sox (and the Indians/Twins score on the board).
Eh I'm ok.. Tryna enjoy this beautiful day how are you?
You're a #hillbilly for postin this on twitter . Lmboooo
I think I've decided...paprika with seafoam stripe. Or lavender stripe. Hm...what do you think?
Never been this relieved to go home before...
KU-27 UK-41 This has gone worse than I thought it would. KU awful at both ends. No answer for Kentucky. Safe to say this one is over.
craving starbucks .-.
our first daughter has the #foodallergy. Recently found out that our second daughter has at least escaped the top 8!
im getting sleepy, i should take a nap !
i would love to get some honest reviews of my work.. go to www.nickywooten.com i m giving a sneakpeek ;-)
Interesting that you posted this just now. I just posted something on the sacredness of water.
Ok I lied lmfao but why is it trending yall dunnnnooo shitttttt
Massage is just one of many tools that fall into the alternative medicine category. It may even help relieve symptoms of depression.
Crazy week so far! So excited for the opportunities coming my way. Feeling blessed!
Oh you dont know me I just saw that ppl were telling you Happy Birthday so I decided to be nice and tell you.
Behold our King nothing can compare, Come let us adore Him!
All ways
#yesyesyes same picks here!
Is awfully quiet tonight.
U mean females moving up or down in socioeconomic status?
woot woot! i'm a lib arts major
My brother smells weird
Thanks! Glad you loved our video.
but you still have to play the games. 82 games went to waste last season
Jesus is coming! Look Busy.
that's a weird combo but a good one. Check me out fam DMEcollective.com dope gear
I think your amazing! I'm a big fan!
Indeed! I was discussing CO for my next move though :)
WHY ISN'T VALVERDE THROWING THAT SPLITTER MORE?? BUT LET'S THROW A FUCKING FASTBALL RIGHT DOWN THE MIDDLE
G13 on disability in kairotic spaces was one of the most important panels I've seen in my four years at
dm me your number bro
i see. well youu should stay like that for a while. and if he really likes you he'll want you again. :)
I'm not saying I want to. But I can. :)
will do, brother! Thank you!
#TebowGotTradedFor some belly button lent and a pack of winter fresh gum!
And why is there a dude doing pushups in Starbucks right now?
Can you frame those #ff in the form of a turds & blossoms assignment?
Thanks for the RT!!
This is great, Steve, thank you. Make you #think!
Lmao oh alright. Let me post some messages you've wrote lol
I suck at this shit
Disappointing sports weekend all around. Now a cup of tea and some
I have two tickets to see the Space Shuttle Launch on 10/16 f/the Causeway. Includes access to Kennedy Space Center. Have 2 work Pls retweet
Yes and no.
yayyyyy for invitations!
Loving vintage Vince Vaughn and Julianne Moore in Jurassic Park- The Lost World
Clients Hiking the Inca Trail with Active South America Arrive at Machu Picchu Today
lol can't wait to hear it from
That's right! We need another decent and moral President like JFK, Bill Clinton, or Obama.
Thanks for sharing my Storify. Hoping & make #a11ychat a monthly event.
What is the point of the day...
Its 2:39 am in VA & we still going strong!
I love u too sis. Long sigh
#WhyILoveMuseums - Museum's inspire, they open doors, they're just awesome.
Wish I got a chance to meet/talk with you at #IHSMDC last night!
No offense to , but half way thru my first listen of the new album I just switched to Ready To Die.
Dude love your stuff! New fan here! Be good.
watching the original #degrassi!! Fav line "you gave me aa social disease."
Gotta love Texas Country Music!
lol realized i did my English project wrong. thank god i didnt start writing the final draft!
I will be at the Grand Rapids Art Museum on Saturday as a volunteer helping with the Gala event!
congrats bro
Yes, exactly. The Bloggess just published a book, as did Dooce a couple years ago. I'm curious to know more about the trend
#IfIHadAGun I will shoot all them HATERS! haha nah, I don't want to waste the bullets ^.^ night(:
count on you
I don't want to think about this
' Frontera Grill. Great food. Worth every penny.
Wasn't aware the death star had a pr team! AIGA meetup tonight, want to join?
LOL! $150 for a tee?!?! Homie, you obviously make too much money. I buy my tees in 5-packs at Target for $15. Hahaha.
its all good tam glad you back on :)
The Form misses you also!!Trying to get us up in that area soon!!
thanks for your RSVP to the fashion show on the 28th! It’s sure to be a great night filled with trendy fashion lovers...
Hello! I thought I had already followed you but I was wrong! Def ask Jamie if you need help w/ your site. Happy tweeting!
Would go to the gym if it wasn't happy hour at urban active..
Love that. Arizimendi rocks in a big way RT Working at home means time to pick up scones from Arizmendi & still start working early
Perfectly worded RT : i have missed
Do you have a link to the Patch fish fry guide? I couldn't find it.
they never actually engage more than a very small part of their brain. The rest of their mind lies dormant....
If you were not here how would your absence impact the world?
Really enjoyed the speed networking event last night in Bethesda. Thanks, ! Looking forward to the next one.
I will hit up Kevin later this week. I just signed up today for the conference.
Dam Beyonce you never called me back.
“: Looks like a potential candidate for our staycool fan of the week! Ha, great pic.” Ha!
“: “: In need of #starbucks <U+2615>”I'll b your Starbucks babe” LOL
wow. I grew up in a small MO twn home of stfair A accident involving faulty ride killed 3 in 90's Affected twns weak ecnmy for yrs.
inking pages for kids book series.. one more book almost done! :)
Getting ready to watch the #Avengers! Assemble!
#ItchyLobes kill me now.
Halloween is Better than Christmas.
K ENOUGHH TWEETIN ON A MISSION SO CATCH YALL LATER.. LIVE,LOVE,LAUGH OUT LOUD....
But last time the Yankees started 0-3 was '98, when they finished 114-48 and beat San Diego in the World Series. What, me worry?
we're happy you're here! Have a wonderful day!!
Follow my new Twitter. ! (: I need help.
The fact you woke up this morning is just another reason to believe!!! Keep moving forward. Your blessing is coming.
agreed, I love me some chace Crawford :)
Back home and it's three generations of women here. I love it <U+E056>
yea, very nice guy. Check my instagram photos
new profile pic, kinda like changing undies
We should start a group. "Hi, I'm Erica and I bite/pick my nails".
I want to go to walmart, hide in a clothes rack, and when someone comes by, yell, Nuh-uh. These are SO not your style. Try another rack.
Ticket got waived, that's a stress relief!!!
true dat I try telling people that all the time and people have the nerve to call me antisocial.
I get that a lot lately! lol
I will drop you a message tomorrow. Thanks.
wow. Four different fire hydrants blasting water from both sides at 26th Street in the Mission.
What did the boy angle say to the girl angle? You're so acute!
Hey britt!
Its final i won the championship for my fantasy for the second year in a row
ha! Love it! “: So many touchdowns my wife keeps thinking they're showing replays. #Huskies #dawgs”
What a great night! Thanks #MPSE!
Love getting these private phone calls cause even if you do call private your number will pop up
Thanks! RT : happy birthday, !
It is discouraging how many people are shocked by honesty and how few by deceit. ~ Anonymous
Knowing I would play a position that I had not played for 5 or 6 years I would strengthen my core in the off season & be ready to go. Sayin'
The best feeling in the world is realizing that you're perfectly happy without the thing you thought you needed..
Rain drops
slipping man? Be careful!
Ayo is dope.
3) doubling fuel effic standards for not just cars but trucks = greatest single act to reduce in global warming #pollution ever to date.
Why do department stores have little couch areas before the women's restroom? Just in case you need to rest or just want to chill after?
Stay tuned as we will be shortly announcing some very exciting news for Vegan 101 series Season 2.
A screening room visitor: "I don't think it's a good idea to make Kim Jong-Il a hipster meme." Opinions? Are we hipsters now?
DON'T LET GO YOU'VE GOT THE MUSIC IN YOU
I'm sorry but I just think players should get a point or SOMETHING for what Parise just did....
Post on another girl wall !
great to see you yesterday, funny how things circle around!
$100 an hour, every hour exclusively for listeners. Your next chance coming up. Listen for your cue.
Love you <3333
Again, VADA knew Peterson failed test is March. What's the point of testing if nothing was done then?
That is awesome!!
#FF comedy festival, can't wait to go!
Lindsey vs. ETRADE. What's your VOTE. Shout it out!
I Think you are amazing.
uh huh tell me anything lol
Tee hee. I was just re-hashing from the top 10 questions comedians get asked.
Pairing Party tonight at New Berlin Ale House, Greg Jennings and Aaron Rodgers will be there!
I am a rebellious personality, and find following a training plan to be so very hard. Does anyone else feel the same way? Gotta stick to it!
make sure to take Some Explicit Polaroids of you guys hanging out!
S/o to because she is a balla
London Rose cd's for everyone. Seriously, everyone....
Sally Jo Cunningham talks about the fun of exploring and enjoying music during information retrieval processes. Refreshing.
I miss you doe
` guess i`ll watch
“: Idk I just love it when someone calls me "babe".” babe babe babe babe babe. Get at me ;)
If They love it I dont
I would like you to wear that amazing smile of yours ;) x
Let us not #Love in word, neither in tongue; but in deed and in
hey man, call me. You have my cell?
SCREEN ON THE COW! Voted the Best Patio Movie experience in Atlanta by Dustin Brookshire & Co. Magazine. Git on Down here tonight! Giddy Up!
Looking forward to Juanito Pascaul's flamenco guitar show tonight at Cactus Cafe! Hoping it will inspire my date to learn flamenco guitar...
Someone wake me up.
Arsenio don't play!!
you are welcome so what do u do?
I love to mi vanilla nigga ....... Aaaaaaayyyyyeeeeeee
Christmas With My Girl is freakin' AWSOME!!!!!!!!
u have more patience than me...I walk out of crappy movies quick lol
I even got his paycheck once. thought I got a big bonus!!
cant sleep!!! ugh stupid biology starr 2morrow -____- i should be ok with that...
...Thx...Hope to see you at the Dove Style Magazine launch party, Feb 4th 7pm-10pm....more details to come...
Goodnight Twitter hope when I wake up Austin is following me I'm gonna pray to god to get more followers and to get Austin night night :(
That's the way to go! ~Mike
Here we go baby!
Just applied for a serving position.
Did a little walkabout this afternoon at lunch. Weather here in Los Angeles is incredible - bright blue skies and clean from recent rain! :)
great newsletter updates--transparent & informative on DH's issues and progress
Big Bertha endorses Sandy Frankel for Monroe County Executive! *This is Big Bertha's opinion, not other company members.
had THE BEST day today with my family. They are truly the best people on the face of this planet.
not much.. do not encourage him randy! Lol
I miss you more! Hope ur well, let's catch up soon!!! :) “: dear Rachel, I. Miss. You. <U+2764>”
Really wanna go outside and take a quick sail.
“: Listen I want to hate Tim Tebow. I just can't ...... I like him. #Jets” don't get sucked in
Fantasy draft in t-minus 5...
The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection. ::: Michelangelo :::
now whenever we walk to Kroger after some heavy lifting and agility, I better get a ride home big boyy
Jonny Gomes homers in 12th inning against former team to lead A's over Rays 4-3 - Washington Post
I have an emergency credit card that could handle two pairs. But like I said Emergency only!
Parents, We have a few spots available for (entering) 4th graders at our Bellaire Campus. Sign up for Writing Camp today!...
16-13 isn't bad, maybe the #Mets will actually give me something to watch this summer.
has done a great job going from the general (what creates the semantic web?) to the specific ( and Yaddo)!
Best of luck! I know u'll hit the ground running like last time! Memorable games! From L.A.
Well, your target demographic has higher instance of vision issues that average. It's a connection to life thing.
Excellent question. Edgar? Junior? Oh, wait...Boone?
I wish you would see yourself the way I do.
Who's seen our new photos?
Never thought I'd root for the Patriots, and especially not Tom Brady, but anything to keep the Ravens from the Super Bowl!
Should not lunch so late in the work day but it's been another one of those days. Trabajando muy duro y tengo mucho hambre.
In bed reading my novel instead of writing my papers
“: AUNTIE MAKING TOAST. Mommy cant” - Aw! You'll be wonderful!
go go go amercan kicks ass man
TY he was not a golfer but played the Violin, but he may have taken it up:)
Working with for AP US has made me feel more confident :)
breaking bad
I Love Logan Lerman <U+2665>
Our 4yo puked 13 times in a few hours yesterday, making it to the toilet for 9, which sounds like a high % unless you're the guy cleaning up
Lets do it...brewcity...stand up!!
#Follow back please. :)
Starting to think that most of our fans aren't really twittery people.
Overheard: "Designers have tattoos. Developers turns designs into 'snaf-foos'"
This line at the barber<<<<<<
I could easily eat an entire box of ritz crackers...
n ur still ugly now J/P lol
Digital diversity: multiple voices that can imprint, influence, and shape the ways new media is designed, deployed, and studied
Instead of started the next deeper mixtape since I already finished "Butterfly Effect" ima make an album only of diss tracks lol.
Playoffs...Nascar...but no baseball?? Wtf??
no madness
time to start the new week, so much work!
Funday Monday: Poll Question - Would you rather train your upper body or your lower body?
Your music tweets = me plugging my XM radio back in
What song are you most excited to hear live at our EP Release show?
We are having a THURSTY Thursday sale TODAY ONLY - buy any 2 of our HCG programs and get the 3rd for FREE www.lasvegashcg.com
hurry up!
One day left to watch an entire category of Ryan Gosling Movies on Demand!
gist of your post to me is that focus so often on issues, problems, complaints; easy to stay mired there ..
Little bunny foo foo hopping thru the forrest pickin up the field mice and bopping them on the head!
The "City's Longest Happy Hour" goes to 7pm then starts the "After Dark Happy Hour" at 10pm to 3am. Plus it's Sangria Friday! Can't Resist??
Finally, week is half gone.. Already feels like friday.. Weeks end can't get her soon enough..
shut up
RT Be the Coach, Guru, and Expert, of Your Own Life. Stop Looking to Others for Your Magic Answer. You are It! ~ Lori Moreno
AND U ARE THE BEST RADIO STUD!! KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK! PEACE! ALSO, LIKEN THE NEW PICK!
Back in #PDX after 5 weeks that took us through Germany, Austria, Italy, France, Belgium and the Netherlands celebrating our 20th
In need of some lighter books (to counteract the heavier NF currently in my list). Any must-read Fantasy novels I should know of/about?
“: thanks for the follow! Looking to forward to hearing some of your tunes! C:” TY too:)Let me know whatcha think!
I need to work on small talk so someone's assumption that since I don't like hockey I must be "artsy" doesn't leave me pondering that binary
happy bday to and
oh yes Jewels you know it I've been ready since the season started, you Ready? Go Heels
Crazy people do the the simple things ...
We are very excited to be the home of so many fans this week! What's the greatest thing you've seen so far?
"I went to get a loan and they asked my race, so I wrote 'Human' on the space'' -The Beastie Boys<3
They ARE still around. I've seen them Portland twice in the last four years. I'll give you a heads up next tint. Totally worth it.
He is probably just sad cause he realized he is Lebrons side kick
It's you it's you it's all for you....Lana del Rey!
Almost there.....<U+E409>
YEAH! Thanks, beauty... RT : "On March 15th, THE THEATRE BIZARRE will be released nationwide" Horror Queen! Can't wait to see it!
Start school on Monday. I wish a celeb wuld come to my school n Baltimore and performed, signed autographs, or even both!! :)
Ready 4 the weekend!
Wish I could be there too! Have a great time!
We're in process of seeking funding to expand digitizing of trade literature material, so hopefully much more to come! Cont...
RT : Friday IZZM'S Invade Richs for a once and a life time kinda fasion show with sexy models ,
The changing of thought patterns is more than a thing of intellect; it is also a thing of inner convictions. Ernest Holmes
Then Shaunie, Ev and Suzie get in da van. On da slick they all trying 2 say Tami took it too far. All them hoes scared if u ask me
Happy Saturday!
I get the feeling that going aggressive on the basepaths against Gio will be a thing this year.
what is K.M ? that's not karli i know , but what is it ?!
It's 1AM, Wifey is putting work in. I'm up chilling MMG on blast being a supportive BF.
Reach the Beach is an incredible ride, made better only by having all of your friends along for the ride. New this year: TEAMS!
glad you like it! :)
well I'm sick at the moment but other than that I'm just peachy!
Throwing away all of my yellow skittles...
trying to think it through. a bank that loans to gov for pub works/ed/health care. voluntary, local, not BofA = good.
Well yes EXACTLY “: Bol: create a cyberinfrastructure to share historical geospatial data. #ucberkeley”
Heath Bell. Wow
Six people got off the westbound trolley just now. No transportation problems yet.
i kno it did
Hey there, yes, she still lives in the same place, and the gallery is virtual now & busy as ever, drop her a line & say hi
yawn, Good Morning
Man I think my laptop is fried....
I'm at the apple store and they have my phone ! I'm getting the 4S. Some old man has my phone!
Being a mother is.nvr a job where u can clock in an out
hmu dude we have to hang this week .
Proud to be a RAM! #goramsgo!
lmao you are a mess! Where you getting tatted at?
I'm still alive but I'm barely breathing.
Thx for the post, Jon. Dave was larger than life and will be dearly missed
Ugh! Why do #Seattle drivers get all stupid when it rains?
not that I am aware of but the muppets have a fun version of it. Do 6 yr olds watch the muppets. I am out of my depth on that one.
Family, amazing friends, and this moment
hahahh im in class right now...the teacher is like only 20 feet away from me too.....aaha
If i could describe today with one word it would be. Yawn.
I fell asleep in the comfy sack. The product name does not lie.
you're so sweet cody <3
Just until the warnings of snow pass.
#TallyCardz, Student tested, wallet approved!
I should be doing homework but you know... internet seems like a better idea.
Watching this clippers/suns game
They don't have to live in it ANYMORE... IT IS OVER... Anyone see where I am going with this? Continued next tweet
Tony Bennett is beyond legendary
You don't have to pay..?
Now we are back to reality..
Well umm next week, Monday we Goin to Compadres & I'm not gonna stand you up !!
Lmfao, hello! And there is no way all of these subtweets are directed towards me. Just most.
:: He Was Just talking bout any boy . And Idk.
hey just lettin u know im able to protect u if u came to LA
#scms12 critics have described the film's structure as similar to blues
Follow GOD'S steps and u can't loose!
Drove to get my hair cut at Rob's Barber Shop in Jamestown, NC-This is a great place to get my Cary Grant haircut-Classic.
Olympic Curling
Not to mention, because it's film; skin tones and color reproduction are perfect, full of detail, just how you wanted them.
Stuff to do before 12: go to the school, pickup books, tutoring, hitting lesson, go with dad to meeting - average day for me
's Abbey Klaassen: when pitching, lead with the benefit - true in PR as in advertising.
100th Birthday Anniversary 2-DVD Collection including the first-ever documentary on the extraordinary life of Dale Evans, Queen of the West.
and Thanks for writing ur Zelda rap.. only thing I've thought about in the hospital. :) keeps my mind of surgery.
Attention HIT students: Faculty candidate presentation tomorrow at 6pm in the Info Commons
My juvie in da yard wit my draws n her hand
Why does CBS refuse to acknowledge great NCAA Tournament moments pre-1982?
damn son! u are #international for real!
My school takes the olympics thing too seriously
Me and #Selena. 4 ever linked.
Pizza hut yay
Thanks so much for that!
#Badgers roll over Montana in the first round of the NCAA tournament 73-49. Recap from Albuquerque in tomorrow's Cardinal
Follow you now
so hoping i get this class date next week then i come back pack and time to bonce to puerto rico yaeeeee
Things will never be the same nomore
ighgt haha who do they have returning?
I'll always remember going to the #NBA Finals in 2007-08 and everyone still chanting No Means No at Kobe.
A woman who knows her value will only put up with a mans nonsense for so long.
All the city buses say Go Magic at the top of them today.
GUEST OPINION: Mass. rising to the challenge on climate change - Wicked Local
>>>MLM News! ZeroPoint Global( New Company Listing )
does an maple-bacon scone? Could you ask them to have that on the menu in August?? Sound incredible.
yeah....hoping spending some time with my dog, cooking dinner, and just relaxing helps...hardcore workout tomorrow night.
how does the database change memory?
We do! Are you taking any classes this year?
yo dat jacket is tight son...ya mean?!
i wanna go cruising wiff mi bby.
Our waking hours form the text of our lives, our dreams, the commentary. Anonymous
Lol why do Sheldon and I have so much in common? :P
I am so with you on that!
wow extra sick
RT : Watch out for Miami and Portland.. there killing it ! <<Miami weak, we got way more strip clubs over here. lol
buff chick dip
The muscles in the upper part of the face tend to move more when someone is lying."
Love that vid! Saw some peeps saying how they are *too* close, lol
Snagged food @ the Tremont Farmer's Market: fava beans from Por-Bor Farms, greens from Morningside, snacks from Plant Kingdom...
#Affinitydiagramming - it feels good to get out those post-its and look like a crazy person for a few hours :)
yeah I'm up flexxin ready to merk one of ur Beats
RT : You're everything I wanted, but nothing I ever needed.
I'd buy it.
If I had my own museum my goal would be for every visitor to leave with a slightly altered worldview & understanding of themselves
Well, we've got the added problem of having a 2-yr-old and a 4-month-old. No sleep for a few years more.
im having so much fun talkn to my best friend alexgibson :)
I'm so tired, about to knock out tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
you must be talking about Netflix streaming? I have that and I agree nothing but old shit.
either falling off ellipticals or drooling in lecture.
Congrats to all the Class of 2012 graduates. In 6 months, I will welcome you to the joys of student loan payments!!! :-/
A verdict has been reached in the Casey Anthony case! What will it be?
Tell us how you really feel :)
I love watching the auditions to see all the people that audition with the stupidest things. Haha
it was fun.
I swear there is more to life than getting fucked up...
anytime sunshine(;
Hope you had a wonderful time! RT Headed to next week for some R&R!
Thanks for the kind #FF !
I hate when I have meetings on April Fool's Day...I always question if they're gonna show up.
Watching RuPaul's Race!
Hey , I'll wear jorts to our game tomorrow only if you can get to run the Flying Pig in them.
We've got a food truck in Miami called OF the chain grilled cheese and tomato soup. Rok on Rob.
especially the womens bathroom, the mens bathroom are always near by uggg
BEAUTIFUL photo!!!!
WOOOOAH! Talk about being BAKED!
Really Chicago Bulls??? Your MVP is still in the game when you're up by 12 with 1 min to play and he goes down with a knee injury???? Fools!
lol, no. Not yet bud(: I still have till Wednesday.
Mothers day is right around the corner. Don't wait too long!! Mom wants pie!
okay cool. I'm working prob for the next 20 min, then I'll swing by :)
Note to self: read a book by Theodore Dreiser.
Santorum and Romney... just wasting bandwidth and sapping our energy.
Anybody want some rookie pennys for 120? size 8.5 or some stealth red and gray retro jordan 3's for 80 to 100? size 9, let me know asap
It is said that our actions will live in eternity. Yet, the lives we touch will last forever.
sweet, take care!
Last night and tonight, NO POINTS on the FINAL SCORE TWEETS!
I can't breathe out of my left nostril.
valid point, it does get quite monotonous.
i dont know what to wear on saturady love/:
about to watch the pack DESTROY the Vikings!! #packersvikingsdevestation with
He's so cool, we're talking about Call of Duty! I hope she marries him. <3
Almost everytime i take a pill, i get the side effects! Wtf -.-
Thanks for the inclusion
I'm a sucker for a fat ole ass booty....
Sigh. Smile. Deep breaths. Work now. Aieeeee!
RESPECT THE BIEB RESPECT IT
hey its alyssa ur doctor stalker jk for real but i love u ur so funny and ive been ur fan sense forever<3
thanks #bartenderman for letting me know that I look like an #Asianversion of #HopeSolo (You ROCK!) ^_^
I ask a bitch her name and tell her go board the plane
I knitted Dave a 2x2 rib scarf that took me over a week to do. I just graduated from a 3 week knitting class. DC = knitting party
Dale confirmed they knew Wood was retiring for about 2 Weeks.
Police are investigating allegation that #Syracuse assistant Bernie Fine molested former team ball boy
Our Handmade Marshmallow Gift Bags are a long time favorite, and they can be enjoyed alone, or use them on S'mores! $4 for a bag of 8
Remote Conductor works well with Lion but the gestures are still Snow Leopard style. We'll sync this up in a future release.
Hello , thanks for you help with twitter. Does charter fitness have spinning class
aww im okay, i got my exam tomorow :/ watch some TVD!
yes dude, this summer we should go lookin for sum' :')
has 1.3 mil followers, so doubt he'll see my smart ass answer to "did u evr notice the Brewers retro "mitt" logo has "M" "B" in it?"
This is my alter-ego. He's always angry.
Crunch fitness is about to have me blow them the fck up. I need to calm myself before I go in and talk to the rep. Wooosahhhhhhh
In A Demonic Ass Way
Guess what? Erik and Mumble from HAPPY FEET TWO will make an appearance at theNAT tomorrow, 12-2pm. Stop by for a photo!
Happy New Year, Austin!
lol I'm actually going to Cali in July again haha I'm just hoping it doesn't interfere with the concert
New version 1.1.14 of Mac Conductor Server fixes a problem with Dock icons caused by the 10.7.2 Lion Update. www.rctrackpad.com/server
Waukesha Cty Exec to Kathy Nickolaus: "Resign or hand off duties to deputy clerk in upcoming #recall "
Omg I gained soo many follower and I don't even no how??? But I'm happy :)
Packing for an impromptu vacation
i know rite i was just speaking the truth brock is gonna lose this sunday at #ExtremeRules by john cena
It's b-day today & he's decided to drink #beer while playing #golf. He's waiting for to show up!
wews .. i got my new hair :p
It's hard to come out of this series without feeling a least a little bit down on the Pacers, right? I mean...comon.
WAS THAT AT WESTLAKE?!
I totally agree. A successful blogger positively affects his/her readers and has a strong voice– that's not easy to do!
So its 5:45am and I'm wide awake watching my wife feed my son...I've been up for the past hour!
Sometimes, you just have to take the elevator in the lit building.
Bro life is so awesome the way things happen if you are not connected here on PS you need to be !
hahahahahha why are you so precious? Closet geek.... I'm a bigger closet geek though, trust me
It must be the first day of Fall, the high today will only hit 100!
- you guys gona be rolling thru on the 20th?
What?! It's too early in the day for stalking. I'm networking! Now, if you'll excuse me, I'll be hiding in these bushes.
oh cool, you're not too far away then. We'll have almost a month before classes start so we plan to get out & see it up close
"How good of a knight could Ser Loras be? He's been stabbing Renly for years and he hasn't killed him yet!" - Tyrion LOL
Long term parking is looking cramped. Leave time for the possibility of having to park away from the main lot.
Haha sorry I wish. They gave us one per person. And they KNEW if you tried to go back. Sheesh.
It is very hard to park my boat between classes.
That sounds fun. RT : I. Am. Delirious.
RT : A4: Definitely important, but choose one close to home and there's less expense
#cityfolkmightcome &bring their atheism, loose women,& rock&roll. LOCK YOUR DOORS, THE DEVILS OUT THERE&HES GONNA GETCHA!
I hear the passenger seat is nice.
Welcome to the paper!
had a really fun time at NAMM this year! Lots of cool new products and software was at the show! I will be posting all about my experience.
Nice avi my dude
At #vatorsplash looking forward to some good pitches!
Ceviche for lunch, yum
I can remove 90% of your so-called beauty with a Kleenex
#whosgonnalose - tweeting results week-15 of the NFL here
Morning! What are you up to today?
i wish would ntice me :'(
haha why so mad!! I'll have to find her
Interested in being part of JNC? DM for more details
What's up
awesome! :D
everyone reacts differently to the meal plan, it's a lot of food to eat for sure.
Joy is the feeling of grinning on the inside. -Melba Colgrove
Home, sick again
Imma put my girl in a headlock when she get to da crib
no :D now i dont care about this exam :) heeheh
@ my gig in west VA getting ready to sound check. bout to make some noise and have a blast playing some r&b!
Awesome and done.
Hi Mady thanks for following, as soon i get out of Max out I will follow ya.
It seems the South is alive and well
Was that message to us? In response to the DM?
Money... it controls peoples lives... its sad to say people choose money over family.
Thank you Nancy, I love you!
no, you're the idiot. Your opinion is biased.
im not even suree :(
You're so sweet! Thank you so much! We feel so blessed! I will def post pics when he arrives! I hope you're doing wonderful!
F Yes! This is the real world Chris. If you don't do it yourself it don't get done. ;)
You sound like girls who like to shop until you drop Do you get out to brookfield at all ?
~25 billion #apple #appstore downloads? You're welcome. Now, screw your stupid contest and give us all a million free songs. We deserve it.
Game day...game time 1:00..@ the thunder dome
SPA WEEK IS BACK! $50 Specials in October: 50 Min Arasys Slimming Session, Sudatonic Wrap, or Adara Facial & Pedicure Book fast!
Bench Felton now... DRAFT PLEASE!
good to see you today! Let me know how shadowing goes next week
Homer~ In saffron-colored mantle from the tides of ocean rose the morning to bring light to gods and men.
Pretty sure Damages is filming right by NYC today (via )
none the less tonight was fun with my bbys paola jenny pri & katie :-) goodnight xoxo
Enjoy many sports but this college b-ball season has me primed for #MarchMadness - 10x better than the BCS - agrees!
Curious, what are the ties between the Freedom Foundation of Minnesota and the Kock's?
:-( at work bored
great songs- love "sleep tight" and "titanic"! small and epic at the same time
Sex sells, so you better be a bad bitch with a sex tape, if I wanna be famous.
Keep your head up man, you will have many more games to make your legend known at O State.
Enjoying my pre-MRI meds. Is that wrong?
I would love to see how the Arab world is reporting this story. Not much on AlJazeera English.
I feel like, I wouldn't like me if i met me.
could you not guess my #DrawSome?
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
Today is going to be a good day. Why? Because it's taco day.
A bank is a place that lends money as long as you can prove you don't need it
Going to the 1994 All Star game in Arlington and seeing Wade Boggs warmup with Cal Ripken
your bf Anton seems really cool, genuinely nice, i was at little door on thursday night, you all looked fabulous together
Im almost their
2012 setting everything in place with sponsors and changing directions can't wait
That's good news... people definitely want to see how the career scoring race shakes out between you and (7 pts)
Thank you & Jason Berns for that insightful All-Star panel!
Its about time we thank you again for following us! We hope it has been pleasurable.
ok... time 2 get some rest & get ready for dis long ride back to Houston tomorrow morning... U all have a blessed night ;o)
Your welcome:Dxx
I have no axe to grind, I don't even have an axe. ( But I do have a sword). :-)
haha ok wait tell me
So cool! Wish I was there!
its alright sweetie I just be missing him ALOT
crazy in a good way & funny at the same time
I'm Good,would you have a contact for production,if you are looking for some?
Will you follow our brothers and sisters on twitter?
By ours too. But we're @ Desales corner talking about how great a city flea event would be here.
I thought u knew Wat I ment... Sorry bout tht. I wasn't trying to be an ass... Really I am sorry bout tht and I am really thankful for W ...
": Modern Family at Disneyland!!!!!" Making me want to go to Disneyland - and be a Dunphy - SO badly!
StudioPress, WooThemes, ElegantThemes, to name a few of the better companies.
Never that! That soapbox rant just got you a follow, FWIW! I'll pass your article to the human rights students I work with.
Thx 4 the love baby good morning back to you;) Muah! RT Shout out to
Signing the lease this week. Subscribe to the Colorado Circus World Newsletter by emailing
Are we computing in stratus of cumulus? Is this a sunny day? Or a cloudy one?
If your Asian and your parents don't give a damn about your grades. BLESS YOUR SOUL!
Thanks for the RT ... Kathy's a great agent -- covers the #Verona #Wisconsin area well!
Im bout to do something ill regret in my entire life ......
hahaha...nah....but I'll ask her if she knows the tune
Looking for an #earthday volunteer opportunity? Lend a hand at the MHFH ReStore #Recycling drive on 04/22. Call 414/257-9078 for details
- Rand Paul....just another guy who gives REAL MEN a bad name.
Thanks for your feedback! I'll start working on a new post soon.
Don't be ashamed! Embrace it ;) And thank you! I'll be on the hunt for the new episode. Hoping to find it & watch tonight!
« #MEMORIES - I know yall remember back in tha day in P.E. playin wit tha rainbow colored parachute #Retweet if u do»
Bored in world geography :( painted my nails four times since this morning :)
EVERYONE HAVE A GREAT VALENTINE'S DAYY. DON'T FORGET GUYS FLOWERS AND CANDY :-)
": BREAKING: Chicago Bulls PG Derrick Rose has torn ACL and MCL in left knee, will miss remainder of playoffs." :O
Journalists are busy: offer compelling stories not obvious promotions #Vocus #State of the Media - Offer real people, not just spokespeople
"she can do fucking any voice I feel like" ..you need to be here
Bill Hall isn't on deck, is he?
I am relaxed, got my tea and a good book
are you going to be doing the beach babe dvd? We should do it together!
Another beautiful day in Denver. Time for lunch and then flying back to ATL and trying to catch the birthday festivites
You out lookin for love and he out tryin to fuck. Push that lame to the side and raise your morals above
I want one of those bacon ranch chicken flatbread sandwiches
And that ties the series! 5 DOWN! 11 TO GO!!!!!
Meeting 's film friends in Logan Square tonight.
Starting God of War 2.
Can seski send friend? Feet sore now but maybe later summer-time to tidal pools and coastline?
wait a second cam toe is trending oh lordy
Not enough time with you, too much time without you.
I'm probably not gonna get any scholarship money
Aw shucks. Thanks! RT : We love them as well!
what f stop did you use? what mm for the lens?
We'll go live to Manchester, NH. Republicans running for president will debate there tonight! More at 5:30 on
im fake.. Im a barbie doll :)
Fa real tho
yo, if there's one person that needs to go...it's you homebwoy
oh I get so excited by job talks in the engl dept. young profs giving their best work! (&that we are hiring again! take that phd market!)
thank for the follow!
Pretty sure it's time for some Firefly
Went from page 12 to page 7 on the Post-Rock charts in Bandcamp! Also, we're beating in the miami charts on Bandcamp! ^-^
Looks like you're flying through WoT. I'm still only on ch6 of Great Hunt--which I only read while at the gym.
yea lol I just sat him and his squad at the back table..I think he got a face lift or something
why is that?
givin sum tips to my H.S peeps bout SU...
I really wish I was in D.C. right now. (Or, at least when and where that was taken)
Good morning #abq! Happy Friday tweeps!
Congrats on the new job!!!!!!!
This is my 3000th tweet you guys. Thanks for putting up with all my dumb thoughts (especially now that baseball season has started)
Haha! Yes, yes & yes. Meet me! RT : Is there a riot? If so, count me in? Know where Irsay lives?
wow man u just got the easiest draw ever
For complex, long life-cycle products, sales force product training sequence moving salespersons from product novice to experts will pay off
If things change in the blink of an eye, can I keep blinking until I find something good?
I mean shit, ELFs, if you're going to countertroll me you could at least make it interesting by calling Victoria or Tiffany fat or something
Im a great advice giver but cant take my own for shit,, i over process to much...
Let her back? #CLT -needs- :)
The comic book "Epilogue" has changed its name to the "Hidden Scene" - only difference is when we were kids we only had to wait 30 days
Whats IDK mean:I don't know.: KNOW BUDDY KNOWS
Are you prepared for the #zombie apocalypse? Need a cute zombie doll to carry around to blend in with the zombies? I think it would work...
Thank You to and everyone who came out to ride the carousel. With your help, we raised over $600 for the School's library.
Loving this x collaboration. Thanks for loaning me some running shoes!
Since she's being awarded her Master's Degree tomorrow, I suggest we all refer to the lovely as Master Hopper from here on out!
check your email brother.
Both of those pitchers have somewhat struggled to start this season...agreed.
THE RAID: THE QUICKENING
Another day in
Create n me a pure heart, O God, and renew a steadfast spirit within me. Do not cast me from your presence or take your Holy Spirit from me
true fact: RT : Draymond Green leads the NCAA in getting the most out of every foul committed.
hope you had a really great day! I hope tomorrow is an even better one!
Just heard a beautiful set at the vanguard. Motian/Kikuchi/Osby. Incredible version of "Bemsha Swing".
When your global teacher isn't qualified to give tests anymore. LOL that was the funniest thing I've heard all morning! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
i don't care what u talk in your songs, if i look in ur face and don't see a survivor, a warrior or a healer, i aint your target listener
I'm not saying I hate you...but if you were hurt really bad and I had a phone to call an ambulance, I'd order a pizza instead.
Q tip
Let her know how much fun she would have on Twitter. got me interested.
Learning to trust God is the most valuable lesson we will ever learn!
fe in Fullerton ca. The suns about to come up that means it's time to pass out. Thanks for all your continued support. More news to be ...
Thank you to the 180 followers, If you know a movie lovers tell them to follow this page, for movie projects and more!
NOLF Sequel, but only if the other two can come out bundled with it.
Why is it so hard to pack when I have Jonas on the brain?
President Obama and Congress continue to quibble over rescue plan for Los Angeles. Filibusterer scheduled to last the night.
you better not delete!!! They are just jealous you can get a tweet from Mad & they cant.
Great to put a voice to the tweets, ! I was bound to run into you at , a wedding, or a restaurant.
I would b too lol
Got my new schedule!
RT: Key to success in software development for humanities: "Do only one thing, do it right", says Ronald Dekker at
had a great night last night with my sister and boy oh boy do we have big things in store for this summer
Deepening my understanding of my passions. Excited about having a new filter for my life's work! Thanks Sandye!
Clippers with the comeback!
i'm with you. Bot an NBA fan but love march madness!
"Want to see a picture of my cat?" Answer: "no." Have truer words ever been spoken? Finally a commercial that makes sense!
Who is coming out to see tonight or tomorrow?!
Learning to enchant and engage in social media from event w/ Guy Kawasaki
Sending positive & peaceful thoughts to everyone going HAM waiting on #LSAT scores.
alpine valley 2010... I dig it. Esp
OMG "Won't Give Up" is my new song! We need to get this on the radio. It's as powerful as "I'm Yours" .. brilliant!
Even crazier - a lot of that driftwood came from across the Pacific and still managed to hit that little "rock" somehow.
#RomCon FFP Dine-in:Thou shalt not engage in: flying, morphing, shapeshifting, casting of magical spells, or other displays of power.
God is amazing!
Listening to 's The Sound of a Million Dreams..smooth, sexy, soothing vocals...incredible voice, fantastic album!
LOVE all of the photos! Thanks for sharing. Did you have a good time?
True or False: Word on the street is that Bar Management Group wants black folks to party at Lux, not ... *scratches head*
who's your mom Mir? :D
its DELTONA what do you expect
Thanks homie! Appreciate your support. Wow though... I need to be in a ice bath for life.
coffee up and edit something. Purpose. Value. Produce. Build up self worth. Sunday.
Playing tonight: Bad Daze at Ironwood; Aaron Work at The Brown and Terry Sabo at The Grapevine...
Rex just called yuni a premier shortstop
Yo , my VDay guilty pleasure movie is Mr. and Mrs. Smith
Worship Ministry get-together tonight! It's going to be fun!
so..where do you do?
3 reasons why I cuss: 1) Because I fucking want to. 2) Because I fucking can. 3) Because I don't give a fuck.
I love your wicker bike basket!
my mom cooks amazing eggs for breakfast :) yum... I wish she would deliver them to me every morning
Aye you got a myspace?
this just got so wierd, some of that shit was so crazy i didnt believe half of it and it turned out to be real what can i do for u?
Overlapping phases have 2 decohere along which axis? Starting to look familiar?Think Atwater got interferometry years ago ,but this is new:)
If you had a hidden camera in my apartment, you'd know that I just had an entire conversation with Poptart, my dog.
all-star weekend in PHX/Scottsdale
Best line of the meeting. " I'm sure there's a figure lurking there "
Exactly cause j crawford hates the nuggs smfh RT : And why is that not a flagrent?
Somebody give me a kick in the ass. I need some motivation right now.
I hate getting off work so late..
It's official, I'm now a member of the National Association of Charterboat Operators!
looking good!
Goodnight lovelies. Stay safe if youre out tonight. <3
You'll have to tell me why if your up to it. And okayy sounds good!! although I don't know if im going for sure..
I am not a hater but I hate the work that you are doing now, Jesus Walks moved me, Now all this secretive stuff with Illuminati
IT'S SMALL BUSINESS SATURDAY! Come on in for a burger on your shopping break....alot of fun, sales, & goodies on The Avenue today
Man bitchesa come and go hahah we don't trip if ya aint tryna stic around, play that bs its all good
F*ck this game!! I don't want to watch anymore!!
you really creep me out .-. haha!
I never thought I'd wear this color (again) either. But it's "in" and now I think it looks cute/fun.
RT: House GOP attack on transit funding draws angry letter signed by *600* groups, pols, & individuals. cc:
Why did they announce seacrest as ricky martin?
#uword where are you at the cross?
Watch out Twitter, this biscuit now has an IPhone.
Remember to sign up for 's e-newsletter for newly released studies and upcoming presentations -
I just had to google where Montreal was in Canada. I probably failed all geography quizzes in the 3rd grade and erased all such memories.
Happy Birthday!
I think i'm just going to listen to mixtape until I leave
Trying out #Community, kinda meh so far.
#TIA RT : ah! scorpion in my room, snake outside, rat next door, and i just ran out of gas, so no cooking for awhile. Sweet.
yeah I ended up blocking him, and I never block anybody. He just got really annoying & made no sense at all
I dont know if I want to spend money on that though since I already seen it but idkkkk :P
Now gonna watch as JJ "putz" this one to bed. I kill myself lol
Sounds great! Did you enjoy the 1881? RT : Had the 1881 at Roxy with the best pork chop ever
How to Handle Little Liars - Wall Street Journal: Or they might give mixed signals, such as, "Get A's at all cost...
Read that they were going to focus on music. I can't even delete mine though.
#KobaltTools400 Make it easy I really need the tix
Had a nuts day
oh no! slacking >.< haha jk :p
They said it couldn't and wouldn't be done but ground is being broken today for the rehab of the historic Ferdinand Building. Amen!
Of course!!! Why do you ask?
foursquare.com ...cool technology...would have been great to have in my college years...gonna give it a look anyways
Happy birthday!
**Globalnet Telecom- Leading the way in telecom customer service**
Cool stuff. Thanks for sharing!
Hey! What brings you to our fair city?
Ur personal running blog is not only motivating to yourself, but also to others. Great read. What shoes do u run in right now, ?
Wilco sounds like a toy company and Yankee Hotel Foxtrot sounds like a fox-racing game of some kind. That was my initial assumption.
Bronx Bombers! go #yanks!
The most important thing you'll need as a director is your imagination. It's all you need. If you don't believe me, try going to set, drunk.
Alton won. Wade a bit later.
I said "whats caramel cake?" e'rybody had the ice grill
aw dang who in ya room?
back to philosophy... what if matter DOESN'T exist?
ugh I hate science class.
Cut processing time 7000 to 1. Expanded 3500 sentiment words. Process time slices quickly w/ sentiment network analyzer (SNAZ).
love to hear you cover the Tortorella press conference situation.
Pop going away from his usual rotation here? Manu, Parker & Duncan on court for good chunk of time in 1st quarter.
Who built the Empire state?
well both y'all niggas be hatin on em. When the heat win the championship don't even slide to 49 street
RT : Will be speaking tonight at 6:30 pm & on Saturday talking about wild game cooking. Would love to see you there
Why the F #SEPTA have no tweets about derailed train and delays across the RR system?! How hard is it to keep riders informed?
#Suckerpunch just gave the term "dance battle" a whole new meaning.
Ugh, Getting tired of hearing about Tim Tebow! I don't even watch football!
So happy that Orlando won!
It is the skid mark of budah
aww thanks so much girl!! Every little bit will help!! I love you!!!! <3
Everyone follow my girl she's an incredible Dj and beautiful inside & out!!! She rocks!!!
Yes!!! 5 free donuts left!!!! #letsmeetthewife :)
Our new granola flavor-Dark chocolate covered walnuts, oats, almonds, pepitas with cacao nibs & gojiberries. Mucho antioxidants in this one!
It seems that only has one thousand followers. Also, do any companies support them because THIS MOM will not support YOU haters.
Crying reading all my old tweets & looking through my favorites knowing people use to talk to me on here
U WANT SUM FOLLOWERS??? GO FOLLOW #teamblackhouse AND MENTION THEM FOR A FOLLOW BACK x2
Finally working again after months of unemployment? I'd like to talk to you. Email me direct at . Thanks!
Meet and Greet:-)C
PLease follow me. My daughter is graduating high school . Her teacher in culinary gave her the gold medal. She loves food!
In Midland bout hit da Mall up before da Swagger's Fashion Show/Concert!!
Kittehs do not like it when I'm home during the day, messing up their schemes. I am also making a lot of loud human noises, like coughing.
Get ripped like Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
I hear good things about sushi in St. Pete - Rollbotto seems to be buzzing lately. I am planning more in your hood!
My lips are the gun. My smile is the trigger. My kisses are the bullets. Label me a killer.
Packing to leave PHX for 3 months! Bittersweet but exciting over here. (w/ )
This sounds really cool! Is this for summer '11?
Don't dream of great games, play 'em ! Come on down !
Soundtrack on this netflix movie is outta sync. Words and lips don't match. If not for Julia Stiles, it'd be unwatchable
A Seven Nation Army can't stop Killjoys
Cudahy pursuit terminated due to speed around MPH
I run away from my problems, bc sometimes I just don't wanna face em
I was not told so it doesn't count! Either way, just sign on to chat some time. We miss you
Thinking of those in #NewEngland and beyond who lost their lives in the storm; and those who are still powerless and/or homeless.
Senator James #eldridge, chair of #housing and #homelessness talks about state doesn't have plans to #endhunger or homlessenss.
If I cared what Fiance's think I wouldn't have my job!
Chicago suddenly knows its January. So effing cold.
: How about partnering up w/ to provide "Text-to-Pay" Rent via text message for Renters?
getting my haircut tonight, and I'm way too excited about the 5 minute head massage.
#ff bc she's a rich bitch :)
How appalling is it that the group who's most responsible for destroying the "sanctity" of marriage (straight whites), claim to defend it.
Having a hand grenade
Mautino: This is emblematic of difficult session. Was proud sponsor for 2 hrs, got 8000 calls! Giving some history about this benefit.
Still awake reading the program and putting together my meeting plan of action at #afs11. Great conversations at the reception tonight.
I'm not really interested in love stories... but i really wanna see The Lucky One <U+2665>
Oh goodness! Thoughts?
Social Media Marketing is all about making yourself a #Brand and I think timeline may play a role in that
Thanks girl!:)
Drive it like you stole it sister - love it! Congrats!!
Just got a face-to-face interview with Aaron Baddeley confirmed for tomorrow. See, I'm not just fooling around out here. I'm working. Psh.
And the freshman strike again
Maps meant to be backdrops rather than primary documents themselves.
Ben, if you and Dan do that, I wanna know pronto!
It's 79 in Madison, but 30 degrees cooler in Milwaukee because of a Lake Michigan breeze. Which would you rather have?
Oh my gosh...the boys cross country team from a white school just walked past my car O.O they were hella HOT!!
can you join us? RT : M ! You may be the only conference I've ever dreamed about attending...nightly!!
RT Don't Lose Yourself Trying To Hold On To Someone Who Doesn't Care About Losing You.....
Also seen it last nite our 2 favorite cities Chicago and Miami
She said can u eat my pussy whoa pump ya breaks ain't u on your period
The loudest n¤gga in da room is usually the
"Got bitches shakin dey ass for free"
NO problem, how are you?
LOL, that gave me a much needed laugh
He snapped on the vet, lmsoo crqzy dog.
Truly fabulous day w/incredible art, new Central Asian rooms
thank you ! yes i am (: i was out of school for a day , but im fine now .
TONIGHT ELEGANCE WEAR PAJAMA/LINGERIE & RECEIVE FREE ENTRY!! LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT!! LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT!! LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT!!
This Friday at the Lemon Grove with Hayden Calling and Trevor Q in Youngstown OH.
You won’t get anything unless you have the vision to imagine it. – John Lennon
A black jimmy newtron lookin ass dude...
Seeing some of these scores, I'll say it again: the girls soccer playoffs need to be cut down in size. Not worth a 10-0 or 7-0 game
This game is insane. Struggling to stay up too. Church in the morning.
The black and white on the left!! Gorgeous!!
If I see one more Facebook status about Justin bieber<<<<<<<<<
You can #practice what you #preach all you want, but if you don't #believe what you preach it's pointless.
anytime! I'm rockin the #SwissChocolateCake t-shirt right now -
U ready for #CallICONiaczMaybe ??
The caveman Geico commercials still make me laugh.
Yo! Would you ever be interested in being on The Voice?
": How you sayin "money over bitches" but you BROKE & SINGLE??" ctfu im weak af
Phone system is slowly coming back online. We should be fully functional within the hour.
well u also saw me on cam ;p
I am loving Motown night! The music is everlasting! The oldies are the goodies!
Obamacare "the one bill that brought me into the race"
true!def x need politicians to ruin d whole purpose!
The kingshead in Santa Monica
Thanks for following Mr. Gram.
awesome! i hope to run into a few of your tweeps tomorrow :)
Representation News: Happy to announce that I will be working with management company, Rectangle Entertainment
Peyton's thing is that he has a brother, right? And vice versa for Eli, right?
. But to what extent? We dont even know how far apart they are.
McCain is a "Poster Boy" for Term limits, Don't pat yourself on the back; borrow Ron Paul's Ideas if elected.
Interviewing on tomorrow morning. Tweet me your questions :)
I sincerely hope that recovers with the new CEO
Hard work bout to pay off
Follow back me! Is an Hot account related to Sex Dating!:*
So do they just cryogenically freeze everyone before they croak?
people always take shots at a winner. No surprise to me.
Starbucks run! Lol
Trust before you love, because love is nothing without trust.<U+2764>
Daz Ravage has recorded a new personal best time on Castellona Bay in Real Racing 2 for iPhone and iPod touch!
Back to the original twitname .....
What up ?
I sometimes wonder why grass is green and the sky is blue, maybe we should make the world punky and go for black sky and red grass yeah?? X
Every end is also a beginning, we just don't see it at the time.
good luck with that.
Good Morning World
follow her and me
The Turning Point series on the SD mayor's race wraps up Sunday. How survivor's guilt fuels a sense of purpose for
Cream pies, like banana or coconut.
Finally made an appointment to see foot doctor. Can't wait to start running again, but gotta heal first.
Yes please!! We can watch all the good routines:) And I have a story about said group of dancers for you.
your very beautiful(::::
Sorry 4 the delayed response. I'm feeling much better. Each day is getting better, thx 4 asking. Hope U had a great weekend 2.
Happy Sexy Monday Friends!!!
Would love to assist with any freelance needs you got. Causal OR Casual :-)
You are the best singer ever!!
I love you taylor just comes over my house, we sit and talk about everything!
Here's to swimmin with bowlegged women
Used to be no one could pronounce my company's name. Now people are constantly mixing up my company with another similar sounding one.
no I'm a bad kid midget bear
Compare the classroom culture of Finland and Korea vs. America; Note the self-discipline and self-engagement-no "cool" factor needed.
Rodgers- Most Valuable P****. GO BEARS!
can't wait to see you soon(:
We had a Code Cody (lock down) today in school. It got really stinky in the closet so I offered everyone gum.
Bacon. Pure Bacon.
Wait I'm the landlord, fuck it.
I'm saying bro.
Fun day ahead. I'll have more college tourney updates and Travis HS plays at the state tourney at 3:30. Got a sports update? Let me know!
perfect dinner and now let's celebrate the new year! Xo
..er.. " ". I mean. Huggs to all my #drydensocial pals & the amazing folks that made it happen. "Enigma" off-comm
sorry to hear that I will hit later next week
Last Nite And Monday When He Went Home
RIP #Taz of the Band. Thanks for the amazing music! God Bless!
should come to my graduation. I'm sending you an invite in the mail. #immaneedagraduationgiftthoug #maybeasliceofthatass ?? :D
#LiesThatAlwaysWorked it's not u..it's me...
You mean like when I bought an XBOX just to play Halo?
kind of being busy these days. thats why i havn't been twitting....
* lmao , i understand ! . . . .bruh , i got the best twitter name tho . like fr fr .
So happy all went well in MN! Traveling today as well! Have a great weekend.
I wear tank tops not tight tops.lol...keep dem jersey shore shorts fa ya self
that is the lamest thing, possibly ever
Loving the #puppybowl on The kittie half time show rocked, too! Follow for the official commentary! Too cute.
break from #sxsw RTs for this PSA lol RT i'm sorry ladies but geez.... there should be a limit on tanning, smurfs up!
What n the heck did Mr. Shue just do!!! ... Then again she is a tad bit crazy
I'm working hard on a new portfolio too, last year I made to semifinal of cpoy, gonna try again this year
But today he cooked, cleaned and helped my and my sister wash. Lol this is freaking weird!
tell people to follow I am having a contest with my best friend
More challenging than graphing Oxenstierna is pronouncing him.
Open Invitation to all our customers and friends to follow us on Twitter Thank you for your support, La Cofradia Family
Stop the insanity and restart the #linsanity, bench Melo and Amare PRONTO!
Can't think right
Justin Owns Beliebers Hearts forever since 2009 always inspired so many and now owns their heart
I'm so excited to see you guys in July!!
Thanks to the #FGCU student for returning my phone. I had fun chasing you around the environmentally friendly campus.
WILL YOU MARRY ME??? <333
I just want subway , & someone to hold me & I'll be alright.
oh my! who's proofing these days?!?
Dang that's crazy!
when you coming back over? Lol
Not only am I a master of suspense, but I
AMC meeting today on Bay Circuit Trail. 200 mile trail - runs from Plum Island, west to Framingham & then to So. Shore ending in Duxbury.
I am a #unionmember because standing together for fair benefits and treatment is part of the American dream.
My Natitude is not good right now.
lol about the government, secret societies & the nwo.
Its seems like niggas is catchin that PV disease...damn bro just cause yuh you in love wit it don't mean you gotta turn into it
we do too! “: I like your poem flows very much thank you and goodbye.”
In business success comes from doing what you say you will do; while in politics success comes from saying what you will do, but don’t do.
pun intended. ;)
Got a Gangsta on a Mission... Best believe I know all da right positions Aaayyee
If the music is too loud, than you're too old.
Checked out the new #verticalendeavors in #Minneapolis yesterday. Nice routes!
hey, not my fault!
If makes a video for parking lot party I wanna be in it!!!
Wow. That is just plain rude.
no way am i leaving these seats hun. Haha
You said not to say it back if I didn't mean it, so I haven't.... :/
Check out Logic's tape and SmCitys tape. Both were pretty damn dope. RT Any DMV music worth Reviewing?
Me…? lie…? I would never.
She wants it (;
INNOVATION...Brilliant!
hey Josh thanks for the connection - and great work btw!
#SaySomethin love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 30
In Music Meeting- Free Energy“Bang Pop” this song has more sugar pop than a bowl of cereal Rachael is a big believer
Mark's vocal tracks for Disease, Afraid, and This Time now complete as of last night
The time change hasn't impacted me. It's perfectly normal to sleep til 11.
cool dont miss the season finale !!!!!!!!
I told my dad I was going to watch Justins part on thevoice all day tmrw cuz I recorded it; he said 'i'm taking the cable box to work tmrw'.
I Tim, thanks for following. Are you familiar with the LOW COST Native American loan program--it is an FHA program & SAVES
Someone in the world is better off because you exist. I just thought you might want to know that.
isn't it great?
"How on Earth can you say dirty sock and relax in the same sentence?"
Murray - design for scale, community and foster "collaborative innovation", for capacity
That's what I'm was saying...
Shirts are So over rated !!!!!!!
hhaha too much #irony in one article
3 ppl just past us in Lakers jerseys. Wrong game.
Perfect guys don't exist , but there's always that guy that's perfect for you <U+2665>
Congrats on the call-up!! #goflames #hurryback :-)
Day before mother's day and my mom is really pissing me off
preciate bro....follow me so I can DM ya the info
Another great day vocal coaching at ! I hope you are having a good vocal day, too!
I did.. I deleted my texts or i would show you.
malo e lelei, , a tongan community services provider in Hawthorne thanks for following! Most of my tweets are from
Ruthless parallel trial and error, not feedback loops for assessment
Maybe an early one? I'm leaving Sun eve. :(
salutes all who serve this Veteran's Day. Thank you to all who serve, all who have given the ultimate sacrifice, and all military families.
We missed U & have been reminded how amazing God is to give us the gift of your friendship!
I could give those out, too. Chocolate is just the most enjoyed flavor in the world, however.
or doing it for their own companies.
ya...ur definitely on crack
This saturday night>>>
Good suggestion! You probably saved me from eating an entire row of Samoas.
I can borrow lucis cap #LETSGOOOO I'm a very good swimmer <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A>
are you here and I didn't know it?! How long are you here for?
RT : “If you're gonna be two-faced at least make one of them pretty.” <U+2015> Marilyn Monroe”
[1Cor13:4-7] FatherGod's love in us is Kind+Patient & is not jealous/boastful/arrogant/prideful/rude & pays no attention to a suffered wrong
It's being debated right now. Who do you want in CF - Josh Hamilton or Matt Kemp? I don't think there's a wrong answer.
Vidal Sassoon was a Chelsea fan? How the hell do you explain Terry (flobee), Luiz (sideshow bob), Drogba (drip), Bosingwa (unibrow), etc?
Thunder Alley is packed out!
what's everyone tumblrs? ill follow you :)
Hello, is anyone out there!? Can Anybody hear me? I think my tweeter, twit, whatever you wanna call this thing is broken!
"Power at its best is love implementing the demands of justice." -Martin Luther King, Jr., 1967
Glad to hear!
Ty ill me love u so much can't wait until u come and visit
I will not dignify that with a response. You're not going to rain on my parade. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
RT if your
Oh goody. A sunny weekend and Downton Abbey.
I can trump that! Folks at one book club for The Raven's Gift ate a "baby dessert." Cherry pie filling, naturally!
Just sprayed a mosquito with mosquito repellent. Now, he'll never have any friends.
I just noticed Twitter finally has that thing, that'sthe only thing that Twitter needed, it was fine on how it was before ARGHH! :(
Chase your dreams but always know the road that will lead you home again.
"One Elephant Parade" is in the bag! Only ten more books to go. :)
Y'all claim doesn't follow anyone but how come he followed 1,901 ppl
Tip #82: The person that thinks they do not need a coach is the same person that will not be in the game five years from now.
Your game's over its time to pack up and leave just like everyone else!
Great interview with Coach K on TV just now!
Oh my goodness, really? I have forgotten 90% of my past. Thanks for interviewing me!
Frank Byrne, St. Mary's Hospital, joined the Greater Madison Chamber Board this morning for the first time. Great addition to the Board!
listening to spice girls!!!
Wouldn't it be nice? RT : RT : Let the beauty of what you love be what you do.- Jalal ad-Din Rumi
And the countdown begins officially...<U+E404>
prob last playoff game of season for my Magic tonight, so NBA tweets will pretty much die out for six months.
Yeah dude! Feeling good!
Raise it. Bucs win three in a row!
SO Jelly Pickler!! :p
Dear Jordan brand can u just release the grape and laney 5 and stop fucking with me also dont let the faggot hypebeast get ahold of em
So hard to get work done on your #birthday!
haha sadly no, I think James picked up a guitar for the first time about 3 years ago.
I am so not girlie...and yet I spent my day drawing pink hearts in Fireworks.
Never listen to what the grapevine says. Go to the source and find out the truth.
Almost just got hit by a car walking across the street to Gibbs illegally.
LMAO:)k then enjoy the pics:)and be thnkful to megan fr postin it:)
we did NOT close, same owners, cooks, recipes & staff you LOVE! We are now Camos Brothers Pizza, we're better than EVER!
of course! I would love to and congratulations..yay! Message me the details
my friend has one of those classes(: oh and Alex. I'm making a video for you and !!!!!! Dm me?
If #Chelsea win this now it will be one of the greatest upsets in soccer history
plugin or something but tomorrow ill try sort it out, I find it really hard to reply on phone too but dw ill fix it
It's Fun Friday so we'll use #Top10drupa for 10 ways you know you are going crazy at
Verify PSanders he so deserves it!
Watched several cars desperately trying to drive into guest parking near my building. No other entertainment w/o power or internet
I got the same one!
Good Job Bearcats!!! :-)
What is wrong w/ Amar'e?
20 likes under half an hour. OMG watch when the other people get online and like the status.. :o
Hubby on a 7 day shift means exciting evenings of me creating photo albums on Facebook. And eating donuts.
Hello, we are looking for some volunteers to do user-testing and need 3 letter writers and 3 file holders. Reply to this tweet if interested
#FF She's such smart lady!
Why Can't I Have Them!?! Selfish
Gimme a call when u can...MJ has the #
Geert-Jan Potjik Leads EPT8 Grand Final Main Event
what did they say?
he always checks up on us. hehehe! You doing anything fun this week?
sounds more like a club than church.
common street thugs, armed with knives..
I don't think anyone has ever hated doing laundry as much as I do. Dryer buzzer went off... 2 days ago. Still putting off folding.
I think he'll be ok. Dr Dempsey took good care of him.
Download the mobile card app for Starbucks and once your green level its free refills on iced and regular coffee!
Because some developers offer special deals, like offering to pay Stamp Duty Land Tax or some of the deposit!
Looking for mentally challenged Male 18 to 25 for role in our film Mixer.Contact me @ 856-4045158 in intrested
In need of more followers, in order to tweet more!
Why can't we do shit without being questioned?
Facebook quarterly revenue of this lemur meditating Country-rock legend passes away at her hotel clerk
thanks for the kind words.
And probably know who got punched.
*shakes head* I know, I know.
RT Come support the Cream City Foundation at Next Act Theatre TONIGHT, at their benefit, featuring The M.U.T.E.S!
I hate you. Hahaha. I wish.
Thanks for sharing our news about Andrea Dawn!
With a body like yours, just take ur shirt off in a gay bar, and walk back to the bathroom.
Bradley Peters is part of a group show at Daniel Cooney that opens on June 25th - also selected for 4th edition of the Exposure Project book
I don't live in the city. I'm near Syracuse. We have AMAZING pizza! Best food around
we were contemplating a fishbowl/table haha
Going to see The Devil Inside with (:
Picking up mr beefy from the airport. He owes me bigtime....it is way past my bedtime!
I forgot it was your birthday yesterday. Probably because I was busy having it be my birthday too! We're awesome.
Thanks Mike. Glad you enjoyed it!
tweet me tomorrow k
cool! How about we meet on India then decide?
DM us your username and password. Let's see if it matches what we have in our database. Thanks
I know you love me girl problem is you probably tell that shit to everybody !!
Fuk my life mane ..I swear I can't wait until I move out ..she think she can control my whole life ..ugh
did you just make your profile pic out of my quote? I like it.
has the prettiest eyes :)
Home Sweet Home.
That just happened! Unbelievable.
Lucroy drives one to left-center, which brings Gamel around to 3. Aoki now pinch-hitting for Estrada. Got rousing welcome.
Five hour connect group? Don't mind of I do. Oh wait, I just did. So blessed by
Good morning ... already counting down to Friday :)
Great catch
love it!
Getting faded
I wonder how is doing. I have talked to MC Baby hair in ages.
I need your email please!!!! Just like DM it to me... Haha JUMBACO JUMBACO!! I seriously think of u every time I see that.
Wanted! Your stories and pictures of ancestors that were aboard the #Titanic. DM us and share your story!
do you know when the new seating will be ready?
RT This fool Cameron Whitten just interrupted the Mayoral introductions by walking on stage w/a sign NONE of us could read. Dummy!
Bitches they come they go.
"Stick a big old flag in the middle of American and say, "open for business AGAIN!" - Perry.
Thanks for the follow back!
you officially have your braces off:')
An orgasm is just a reflex, like a sneeze :)
nice sound are you playing in Cork in June near when Coronas are playing :))
ughh i have to freaking close tonight.. it sucks but its only 5 hours and i get paid tomorrow soo BOOYA!
psh! I'm in shorts weather right now in central Florida
I'll be tweeting from NYC museums
ok cool I'm so sleepy lol (kendall) no baby stay up with me! :(
How r folks doing with New Year Resolutions? Lose those lbs? Read that book? Called your mother more often? Re-up with a stickK contract.
Please RT & follow these amazing people:, , , , ,
SATURDAY: Care to share of bars to hit on the westLA?
You don't wanna go down with a loaded gun that's just silly. Thanks roommate for the reminder.
I'm Just Gonna Keep Askin Until I Can Get Some Kinda Answer... Lol. If I Send U My Shirts Will U Rock Them? Help Me Out
What a beautiful day in Chicago today. This is a great way to start off 2012
Can't believe Ryan Dunn, Jackass star, is dead because of something so simple as a car crash! :((((((
One of the dudes from Hannah Montana is in this film.. Just met him and damn is he small! Maybe 4ft tall?
Thanks for the link on children's literature! Such a great resource.
Happy Easter!
I'm marrying in 19 days. Can't wait to see and more
yah ive been in Dallas since Wednesday!! :)) when do u come back to Dallas??
we love you so much, and all we want you to do for us is keep smiling(: as long as your smiling we are happy!
Please! Humans have feelings. You're a fool to think you wouldn't.
We agree, it's a great idea to help link your employees to your company's LinkedIn page. Ppl can connect & build community. Cc
"Processes and procedures for kids entering the school system will remain the same, but some funding might be cut," said Martavius Jones.
thanks for the follow
quick corrections in redcinex then export to DNx for cutting in Avid.
Playing your music loud on a Sunday morning in a neighborhood is a good shorthand way to remind everyone what your GPA was in high school.
If you are dreaming about re-designing or creating a fabulous #kosher #kitchen- you will love to browse
Nash sits against Nuggets. Trade in the works?
She gave me good brain mus b a genius
for xmas i wish to get more followers.... could some of u guys help me out
Hope you'll visit us in Virginia!
lol im on facebook to this shit crazy dead.
feel like i'm skydiving..think i'll freefall for a while, always keepin in mind where my pull is. ah,wisdom and adrenaline; shake n mix well
NexGen soundcards i dont like you today... If i made Seacrest money id care less lol...
I go to sleep thinking of what I'm gonna get done tomorrow you go to sleep think bout what u didn't do today
RT : Wake and bake
I remember classmates being flustered the first time an instructor really wanted their opinions. They only knew regurgitation.
I suppose so….but then that's not a very good security question!
I don't are about experience. I don't care about youth. I want a Championship. Screw this.
Order sent to Brodie in LA!
Hey Greg, Thanks for the mention! Check out our new stress management prescription for law enforcement on www.CopsAlive.com
no pick up lines just REAL.
A1: That someone has to hit rock bottom before treatment can be effective
My Birthday is tomorrow, and I wish I was in Detroit so I could show my car to win One Direction tickets from !
Up early watching Major Payne SMDH
Hustle hard part II
You might be a fan of Marukan if ____________.
nope I'm not a tech geek
crap. went to the store for buttermilk, bought everything except buttermilk.
Summer workshops are filling up sign up now www.yatkids.org. Stanislavski still rocks
umm , why haven't I met these handsome southern gents? Have fun today! Much love from FL!
is this the same thing that happened with the #ham?
I'll be jumping on #teamiphone because #android has this annoying partition on their internal disk that is TINY and doesn't let you add apps
Today is #CharityTuesday, please do your bit to support local charity by RT and asking your friends to follow us. Thanks!
riding the #Metro in DC on St. Patrick's Day makes me think of riding the #T in #Boston. but it's not nearly as good.
the jungle cat or the car? Or both?
Justin bieber was on somethin lol
Evans your a waste of life, you mom is the true mom of jace, your such a loser, learn correct english...twat.
I couldn't ask for a better way to end this semester of college.
Good morning & Happy Monday people....
Encore has now reached over 300 followers on twitter! Thanks everyone! Can we make it to 400? Follow us
Such a pleasant surprise to see r old Epic friends #thepierces lookin and soundin gr8 at "glastonberry."
it shows! what gallery?
my bro cheated on the MADDEN rematch coming soon. we recordin the nxt one bro
Baylor would have won today if it weren't for Kentucky. Otherwise I was right.
forget the hats save you money for Houston lol
My phone battery is low, so I guess I won't be hilario-tweeting game 2 of this double-header. Bummed, right?
We all kno life has ups and downs...I try to maintain an emotional balance either way it goes
dunk contest mix!
At the hawks scrimmage
Sorry, I think Twitter accounts got hijacked. What a mean trick to scare everyone. Do not click on the short url, it goes nowhere.
I think we're reaching the point of product saturation (or the limits of the #UFC marketing machine).
Putting a talkative 3 year old asleep is hard
For sure. And for the better!
Best cust serv from today! Thk U Anna Maria! Made listening 2 awful on hold music worth it!!
strong words RT : "I strongly believe that Mendeley can change the face of science." - Werner Vogels CTO Amazon
Next up: Mint Chocolate Chip Coconut Ice Cream: So Delicious Vs. Larry & Luna's
how does it feel to know you deserve an ovary punch?
I love my green shirt too! There must be a lot of us who have them now. Maybe plan a flash mob?
One thing museums can do to extend engagement beyond visit: allow visitors to take photos.
I'm an accessories designer!
Kudos to , excellent customer service!
we’re looking forward to seeing you at the fashion show on the 28th. So glad we got an RSVP from a sweet Seattle fashion maven!
Before i go to sleep tonite, can some1 tell me why was D-rose playin with 1minute left?? favorite point guard goes down! fuck!
When a good thing goes bad... it's not the end of the world, just an end to a world.
I can't never do shit !!!
thank you so much i am always looking to try new restaurants where are you located
"suck my dick" Me. "ew you have a dick"? Maddy "haha well obviously" I can't believe that maddy smh
that means I win :)
The Theon betrayal is basically the worst thing in modern literature/media.
Someone please explain to me why it's necessary to walk around in 5 inch heels. Forgot we were at a fashion show
Currently on-site at administering the webcast of the "2010 State of the In-House Counsel".
If you're feeling down, a great way to feel better is to read your spam mail and pretend it is real.
I just wanna text, "What the fuck was the point of that ?"
Work in the morning..I don't wanna go!
This is why NFL bounties cannot exist. It results in something so much more than a career-ending injury.
Tim, that means a lot to me. you made my day man! RT : You're a good dude. I seriously look up to you.
"Faith is not something to grasp, it is a state to grow into."
well then don't get on my bad side then xD
Wow, absolutely beautiful day today. Drop by Grove today before sunset, mention this tweet & Max'll buy you a glass of wine on the patio.
Read his time line. I think it's him,, due to all the douche bag comments he makes.
Just earned some respect for Mark Cuban ... which I thought I'd never say
This weather sucks:/
I've loved and I've lost.
hush!! Love u!!
#SharkNight invented rainbows.
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
i been rockin horseshoes on the back of my jeans for a whole year
thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets! I hit my 2000 follow mark and can't follow until I have more follows.
Seamus Celtic conway's Irish setter stout all pouring for St. Patrick's
Reading blogs has become a part of my daily routine. And now so has tweeting about what I read.
What were some of your best or worst instruction sessions or reference questions if you don't teach?
Are you still being blocked by our spam filters?
76ers have the worst mascot
I stopped by on Saturday, but you were closed. Are you not open on the weekend?
I always fall for your type :/
I did really good with my poetry thing.(:
coolin wit son son
well let me know if there 70% off :) it was nice chatting with you :)
Happy Easter!
There's stuff banging against my living room windows, and it scaring my cat..he keeps trying to cuddle with me. Lol.
this ending is isnt working....REWRITE!!!!
Driving to Downers Grove. ETA 2:15 AM using - Social GPS.
I really really tried not to miss classes this semester. #not. Sleep > philosophy
in the show. You don't think it'd be a little awesome? Lol :) I don't want to be the only one to think so
Been on the phone for an hour talking about nothing, woof
#GoodThingsInTheWorld an opportunity to wake up again & say thanks
Time passes and you end up getting all this stuff you don't care about. You're always relevant in my world, woj.
That's a bullshit offensive foul...
That's a lot of walking! "Lol J/k
Awesome! Thanks for telling me!
Austin Powers 4?! I am afraid to get excited. , you best not be toying with my emotions.
You sir are a Disney prince.
Thanks man, it's mutual. RT : i miss you guys!!!!
get us a Dub tonight. One mo dunk one mo 'gin
Yeah!! Lets see it
Post more video's of you and vinny,, haha you guys are the highlight of my day(:
Faith helps us see and do things differently because our substance is being transformed.
yep, I don't think that will be in the kids course though
#Clippers use a 40-12 run to come from 27 down and take late lead over
Peace, love, happiness
Thanks for chatting with us tonight at BDW. Really enjoyed hearing about your UX adventures at AKQA.
Some the new music and genres that are coming out....are out of this world!
God is our refuge and strength, a very present help in trouble. Psalm 46:1
Finally getting into Fringe. What took me so long?
will meet w Pres Obama this Thurs Have u faced empl discrimination? Email yr LGBT discrim story to
Google+ did something good as Facebook now has posting privacy settings.
that joint hot as fuck!!!Let's get on something
If Happy Ever Afters did exsist i wish to be holding you like this,All those fairy tales are full of it,one more stupid love song I'llbesick
Thanks for the inclusion. :)
I'm good for one lol a year.
a gift haah what u doing
#20ReasonsWhyWeLoveDemi 7.her voice 8. Her music 9. Her journey 10. She doesn't care what people think 11. Down to earth
Thanks to Kerry for calling in and sharing some great ideas. You can be next: 317-736-0950
love you too armi <3 you better visit me at tech next year!! me and
We have a winner! Those who RT'd check your DM! We'll announce as soon as we hear back from our winner! another GIVEAWAY @ 1000 followers!!
they're fesity and we help you get it for free ;)
Bruce Bammer … RT : You smoking #Reggie stop lying
Dr. Brenda Griffin introducing Dr. Patty Olson at #SNIPSummit to discuss her decades of work as a spay/neuter professional & advocate.
I know <3
They, like companies in other industries embracing social software and principles, are beating the crap out of the later adopters
A-friggin-men. RT : Give the Grammy. She could song-write circles around Taylor Swift.
Thanks for that Who-Pig-Sooie-Razorbacks at the top of the show. Go HOGS!
2 Chronicles 15:12 They entered into a covenant to seek the LORD, the God of their ancestors, with all their heart and soul.
Thanks Ally! Are you starting grad school in the fall?
AsAmSt is altern academy w/in the Academy. Mutual recognition legitimated. AsAm most resistant to narrow nationalism
Not sayin #Bulls deserve to get calls over another team, but to have #NBA's best team consistently getting hosed is a cruel joke.
#ReasonsWeLoveLouis he's hilarious, he loves carrots and has a pigeon named Kevin :)
whats your email ??
I Love Her!;) she's Fantastic yo
yo tits. bitch
OMGOOOOOSSSHHHH! Dude is here in NY today!
doctor who?
Hey thanks for the follow! Looking forward to tweetversations!
I would start crying if mentioned me in #MentionYourCrush. I would never have to date I will be like "I'm with Justin Bieber".
To the studio i go!! Work never sleeps....brewcitygrindallday
Real Ninjas Wazzup?
Just wanna point out the ovi is in round 2 and crosby is diddling some child somewhere
Getting tired of other training sites deleting comments about TPE in their forums. If your product is good, why be sneaky?
Look fwd to meeting you! RT : Excited about the panels I'll participate in this year.
Who the f bomb is kony
Seeing Edgardo Cambon and Candela at Yoshis tonight. HIs group Candela (20 years old!) will be playing at the SJ Jazz Fest in August!
MT : Getting "human" with the world of work with the #TChat crew - NOW! Join action ...
I sure did have a great time , :) .
eww your puppy is uglier than your cat hahahahahahahaha JK
love your avatar picture.. That your dog? Very cute
Who's coming to the DC Winter Mixer at ? Mingle with awesome #startups like
you've been on twitter for that long?
did you find an apartment? If you need help let us know! We can help!
Change your profile pic to create a huge memorial on Twitter for the 30 who died in Afghanistan chopper crash on 8/6 bit.ly/R30WP
Productivity Commission warning over disaster relief | The Small ...
nick Mara or madison Alamia witch ever one is following u that u can DM
That sleep was wonderful
Tomorrow, we head up to #Clarion for #ALF , heard it's supposed to be jumpin' up there...we shall see. Thu & Fri. house party
unfortunately we need to see more positive action and less talk!!!
Can i call u amber?Lol its easier!Hehe i have three nicknames.(Anabella,Bella and Bell)Lol simple:]
God. I hate people.
Huge news coming later today! Can you guess what it is?
Not yet, still working on bringing on the two Wests.
Trivia answer: “Glee” didn’t use an original Rick James song. They used MC Hammer’s “U Can’t Touch This,” which samples “Super Freak.”
i know, right? after a few seconds i realized what was happening and faded myself out...
Smh we had these niggas beat.
straightening my hair, why's?
Dirty Grout? Marble Doctors can help. Stained marble counter top? We can help with that too.
His parents told him to either focus on college or find a shop and move out of our garage.
and there was an alligator and a walrus and three men died with an axe and hatchet to the face
Mrs. PaddyMcATL says she is up for making some Cuban food we should figure out a game so I can get tickets
tell to send me the good shit!!!
Truth. You'd think the Preds were basement-dwelling has-beens coached by D-league rejects. I'm PROUD of how they're hustling.
and are obsessed with hairy styles. they make a twitter account to catch base on his stuff :DD
Everyone could use a push in the right direction
Congrats to WKU for punching their ticket. That makes 4 teams from the state of Kentucky in the tournament.
In the halftime montage about the rivalry... "A&M leads the nation in inferiority complex." I couldn't have said it better myself.
On to bigger things
Is it wrong that I am enjoying being a mother?? Baby Emma is just too cute!!
"To believe a tweet is to believe in the future of the U.S.A." - Abraham Lincoln
I guess this is part of "feeling" the music.
First Leftfielders practice of the year. Looking good and ready to take the Think Tank league by storm.
My flight 2227 to Charlotte delayed b/c of mechanical problems. Will miss connection to Boston.
Just saw Jesus on La Cienega! See amazing things happen everyday in LA!!!
#couchpotato? Son you whack, my life doesnt revolve around working out, I only need to go 3x a week. #190 lb and dropping.....
I'll be at the football games more often so it'll be like I go there!
Faith had tweeted bout 4 diff dudes on who her sis want her to talk to
:-) okay ima do it nd ill post a pic
Thats How I Do It
r u a virgo?
great RT : “We don't receive wisdom; we must discover it for ourselves after a journey that no one can take for us or spare...
Every time you show up it starts a chain reaction.
I want to be.
you'd always be welcome! :-)
hah just never got into it. When i was younger and now.
we've been to 6 flags 3 times in a week, we're obsessed ;o
It's probably not a good idea to lay out by the pool all day when you just ran out of sunscreen
Fitting end the refs move on to face Kentucky
Real Men Like Fashion.: $ A Look for Less $
text me
Breaking Point starts on May 31 I have a feeling its going to be r new favorite show! Of course its on the CW
Bieber keep it up bro nice album !!!
- restaurant seen at the beach last weekend "Saketumi"
I love sleeping, but I hate going to bed
4 MORE FOLLOWERS THEN I'LL HAVE 300! :D
NEED FOLLOWERS? Follow Wicked Carnival today!! 100% TEAM FOLLOW BACK! Tell your friends!
Pillsbury bake-them-yourself cinnamon rolls. They're what's for breakfast. And they make the apartment smell wonderful, too.
Lost my music nerd cred in a desperate scramble to make a joke. Sad. I'll buy a car from the first comp to use Bad Brains tho.
whoa 10? really I was thinking that was a stretch
looks like someone is getting their tires slit
Crazy bird in the middle of a 4 way.
A starbucks with seat hoggers, I need to get work done! I'll just sip on this hot caramel macchiato and stare into the unknown instead.
During #thathighmoment I swear I saw Jesus!!! LMAO
today was good got stuff from kop
of course, that too makes it the worst day ever! LOL
Hey Guys,Thanks for the great tweet. When are your day trips? Dave and our Sean would like to join you on one of them
Chickadee Boutique has closed for the season, so I'm picking up my millefiori today.
I just PR'd in my mile run ! Went from 6:14 to 5:52 ! LIKE A BAWWSSS !(:
it is being announced tomorrow
Have an incredible NYE! Be safe & party hard. Looking forward to an amazing 2012!
This best describes the last week of my life. Out walking the pups...beautiful day...in a good mood...and a bird craps on me. Ugh.
Boy: Send me a sexy picture! Me: Okay, hold on.. *sending* Boy: Wtf?! This is Austin Mahone. Me: EXACTLY ;)
thank u 4 following
Living my life in moments. Making the best of every one I get.
Greetings, Collaborate or Perishers! Please follow , co-auth of Collaborate or Perish! We'll be tweeting from there & welcome you!
wat it do make that music
yeah this is my favorite picture ever :)
Mr. Limbaugh, use your power for good... (what goes around comes around)
You showed a lot of respect for Cotto, you could have went for the knock out in the final round. Very Classy.
Don't forget to come out tomorrow to Tomcats West in Fort Worth! It's gonna be a day of awesomeness!
Love is infallible; it has no errors, for all errors are the want of love. -William Law
Don't hand me shit then except me to give you gold cause you can go to
yea bro i got some new beats I'm bout to upload this weekend and bet dat
We're gonna get attacked by these geese
You haven't posted a picture on INSTAGRAM yet...you should post one(:
I love the old madonna, all-the-way-Mae
I wonder if Meryl Streep can take some fashion tips from Jane Lynch. Step 1: try.
Actually doing the conference is going to be really really really really hard. Really.
Proud of my roadpuppies and for killing it & killing it cleanly in Cripple Creek, CO tonight.
my hometown & childhood library. :) Excellent!
On the floor now: Rolley
You going to cry in a corner about it? Will that help(:We can trend whatever we want!.
Twitter Jail.
finally going to go see project x tonight
I'm in stilly! You should call me!
agreed. The system is silly
I think the Red Bulls 2011 MLS All-Star Pub Crawl is today too bad its 100+ out there today
#ACM - Keith Urban sounds great! I hadn't heard him sing since before his throat surgery.
They DEFINITELY do not like food!
I couldn't agree more with this ;-) -----> RT : I gotta say... Today was good.
really?? u no i do not know how to ust this thing lol
If anything Eric is the Joker. Robin isn't real so we're good there
Literally rolling on the floor laughing with Loons. <U+E022>
where you at?
You totally should. :)
Awww man he died of cancer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
I totally wasn't doing Andy Pettitte roll call at home...
Just came across a 19th c. missionary spelling Brahma "Brakma." That's a new one for me.
Hi Kate! Glad to see ya on Kupoz!
Woke up with Amy Winehouse hair. It's gonna be a great day.
So was Gilligan's Island - I did a sermon series on that
RT : I need to stop eating just for the sake of eating..I'm not in season anymore
Jay Beagle is "day-to-day" and his status for Game 7 or traveling to Game 7 are uncertain at this time, according to Dale Hunter.
I was there in the afternoon yesterday. About to leave SLU... You want a visit?
Best refs in the country and they miss the call. Must be weathermen.
& can I just say once more the #sharp11 poster sesh was awesome! Way more interesting/helpful than presentations
Oh geez, wifey. Can't you want sandals from F21 or something?
I am allowed on one of those. But it kinda feels like letting the lion lick the steak between the bars ; )
um..im selenas fan y should we shut up i confused!!!
I think both things you say are right. And I think there's also a long-term relationship between platforms and users . . .
May not be popular to say but 1 game for Holloway is a joke and gutless. He was main reason for fight, deserves way more.
That's cold blooded, true, but cold blooded. #rickjames " Congratulations, New York. Now you get to lose the series in Game 5. "
I was not going to a diet but my mom decided to buy food for once so I might as well eat it all now.
Nice travel mug.
Dont listen to the world, they say we're never gonna make it. -
I BEEN OFF THAT DREAM CHASER MIXTAPE EVERYDAY I GOTTA DO A SONG WITH HIM &
silver sable, animus, critter, and batwoman are looking great for PCC
Were playing tonight at escape ally in downtown Memphis i hope to see you there!
ROI strategy session underway at #tcbsm4hr: be social, mobile, global,(SoMoGlo?) & keep the context as important as content. ROI a conundrum
So that's what I'll do
Got a 96 on my speech I wrote last night.
we may finally meet in person! I'm headed to the event tonight too. See you there...
Colleague told me today that students said I am Willy Wonka and that is a good thing.
I wish you'd text me back instead me having to text you twice. :'(
: omg- we are so excited! Freaking out a tad (amanda) lol!!!! Thx!
tell you uncle Mike the lions are gonna win haha
... Were all there. We finished at Alterra at the Lake with a great coffee time. Cool time !
Thanks! Funny I just looked at your profile and see your love of Backstreet Boys. Someone was just talking about them earlier here
Met A. Prunty who brought me up to date as to Dream People and RDS. Still very grateful for that review of yours (23). Thanks!
Good morning! It's raining and drizzling outside! :)
My phone keeps crashing... Sorry, I'd just got it back up and then it crashed as I sent a text to you.
#WeirdFactAboutMe I always give out big money tips for nice waiters/ waitress
Figaro in Barber of Seville needed. Ours must leave as his stepdad has stage 4 lung cancer and is now in the hospital
Drums beening tracked...faces beening melted...Day #2 at Starlight Studios
bed finally!
Tia's birthday is later this month, I'm going to buy her a weeklychris shirt<U+2665> -izzy
Wish I could catch destroy this weekend. But alas, school restricts me from all fun.
Listening to so much excelent music lately...
I Want Sold Out Soundgarden tix from !
Had an awesome time at the wedding. So glad I got to go with Josh!
are they random within their individual ranges, and with what kind of distribution (flat, normal, something else?)
Just dropped some knowledge (in Bahasa) on a student who thinks she learnt a lot about Indonesia from reading Wikipedia's Krakatoa article.
Google AdWords Experts Reveal Hottest Online Marketing Tool for 2012
you need to slow down your killin it!
S/O Thanks for following! Looking forward to your tweets. Have a great week.
Aren't you a good daughter lol
I wholeheartedly concur. Gross.
Phone losing Service
It was weird. Like, I don't remember anything while I was hypnotized.
your parents sound very cool
and when you make that dessert, you're sharing-- right?!
hell fucking yes
Smh why do i always get caught lol
I got one for you
he actually is
welcome to my world....
I legit never use this twitter....
#YouKnowItsRealWhen Ya Ain't Even together but she still wanna be in your life! it Just Aint Possible Th0
Love walk offs. Fun games so far I hope tomorrow is this good!
we spoke Monday. Have you gotten an update yet? Thanks
Thank You!
what do you think of the Texas couple who wouldn't give up the baseball, thinking they deserve an apology?
Interesting. Being more selective, except not really at all.
good for you Go Diddy!!!
thanks guys ;o) many blessings..
Bigg Dummy. -Sanford voice
how'd you do? RE: orange wine
Enjoying a visit to Philadelphia, although neither the weather nor the weather forecasters can make up their minds!
Damn str8 RT : I think you have a crush on Katy Perry :)
I used to have the biggest crush on Eric from Boy Meets World
I'm called to #BreakTheGrey. Nobody will stop my calling!
The sun is shining in Seattle! Spring is almost here!
But Coraline loves you!!!
Our Gallery Committee will be jurying for the upcoming 'Light' themed exhibition this morning! Very exciting!
All 5th graders at Lincoln St Elementary are going to OMSI. Thanks for your support of local kids.
dude that book is straight porn! My coworker is reading it and got freaked out by it
sigh... Yes, I have missed that and definitely plan to get back to it soon. Who knows but this season may inspire something?
Thanks for the shout out for our Spring Showcase #SDAFFSPRING ur support means so much!
Looking forward to it RT : Tune into tonight to watch Pres. Obama slow jam the news on student loan interest rates
Thanx hun.... howve u been??? I heard u were here not too long ago
cause he blows. Its MARIO WILLIAMS. How do you not give it to him. Kelsey must be racist
That awkward moment when a dumb studio engineer uses logic.
driving a truck
So glad my sister and her bf are here for Christmas (: were all sleeping in my room ! Yay (:
- Came out great!
yo 4plex brother said he tryna come to lol people are coming around :)
you play in a dome sean peyton. take off your visor... kenny chesney looking bastard
if you haven't heard of , check out his music on YouTube - Baeza559 for REAL music !!
Wanna get out for a while lls
i feel like i should live in LA.
aha yeah :)
as a volunteer member of your board, I second the motion ;) Succulents are amazing
LAUGHIN AT ALL THE VIDEOS ON MY PHONE FROM THE PAST COUPLE DAYS AT THE BEACH LMAO
Had a dream that I was at a thrift store and a brass and teak lamp rolled over to me like a droid. This is the droid I’m looking for!
RT if you want see your fans in Bulgaria, haha :D :)
All I have to say is that if it's the Clippers ad Heat in the Finals, they better bring extra mops.
Soccer game. So damn tired though.
I ate more than 3.14 pieces of pie on pi day.
And be sure to follow my nigga James
Me too!
It's really only a matter of time before and I are billionaires. Good idea's always cooking
<U+200E>$3.99 cheese pizzas (and only $0.99 for each additional topping) from ! great way to start off the semester!
has been eating cheese like a maniac. I just can't get enough. What does this mean?
definitely...good arguemnts all around, good callers, not all smart, but good, haha...lets do it again soon...
My hopes are so high...
congratulations to you and on your upcoming child and hopefully he or she would be part of the baseball family
I'll be there - with scarf. So save me a seat & a burger :-)
even all the white writers see the racism here.
the circus is in town
Great way to recover and be ready for the next day
Better than the whole table exploding with other things.
Congrats man! Come to summit on June 2nd if you're free :)
Hello, why do you always ignore me? I am your fan and I admire your work, please follow me? Love u <U+2665>..
Come out to tomorrow to get a look at a DW12 IndyCar like the ones running on Belle Isle June 3rd!
Do something amazing today!
#Summer2012 is gonna be awesome!
How strangely silent Hollywood is on the situation in the Gulf! I'm not suprised sellouts are usually afraid to bite the hand the feeds the
Incas used to create pots in the shape of peanuts that were highly prized
Great night for the Buckeyes and the B1G. I guess the Blue Devils and the ACC have a lot to ponder...
Whether you want it or not, because you said you are unhappy I am praying for you. Even if at this moment you are happy.
"I still think about word counts the way a general must think about casualties" - Nam Le, The Boat
Where is my ? It's Mother's Day & I've work to do.
Hey I have this idea for the 7th inning stretch. Who would be best to talk to? You guys or ? Thanks!
RT Good Morning! You are one with the creator of all things. Which is why it's so hard to shop for your birthday. bob Tzu
Congrats RT I will be coming on board as Practitioner Editor w/ Journal of Financial Planning!
Man City 1, Man U 0. A great day for little brothers everywhere, or at least those with billionaire benefactors.
If you don't think you're attractive, don't expect me to.
Definitely.....we have to link up
see I couldn't handle a black girl.. Argue to damn much. Lolol
big al would like that but word is that Den isn't high on him
Heat in 6 vs Chicago
I love how if I'm not having a good day i can just take my camera and discover something new its an amazing feeling to get the perfect shot
I'm gonna lay back down & rest for an hour.
The needs to wake up
Of course I don't have a favorite child! Why would you ask me that!? You know that I resent both of them equally!
shit that's awkward. I hope he doesn't come.. 's fault
Oh boy love the smell of cheesy potatoes in the morning
We'll be joining and on Tuesday, December 13th at 8pm. Tune in and join us!
Just start work am already boring God!
"PA is the literary equivalent of Altoids unassuming & cute on the outside while what’s inside is intense enough to make your eyes cross."
Hey MTnhCf! It's Friday! Party on WIzMu0
Miss you girls SO MUCH during Halloween! our time to galavant!
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen You didn't realize that the last episode of WOWP is on, and you're wondering why everyones saying your last name..
your support means the world to us. We really poured our hearts into the music. Spread it around.
“Every step you’ve chosen has served to create or destroy a possible future—an alternate timeline." ~the Professor (Subjected: Eye of God)
Rashad is gonna need to get in close and knock him out. Pretty sure this fight is fixed if it get's close. Niki deal for jones if he winds
Play: exercising the imagination with constraints which lead the result in a unique direction
Happy Mother's Day to you too...enjoy your day!
good stuff!
enjoy every single moment as they grow up too fast, start driving, graduate and prepare to get married!
you're welcome babe
surround yourself with MONEY!!!
Hi Andre this is Kitty Hawk on EA, I can match or more investments up to 1000 EAvs
#sacscoc WCET is developing the PAR framework (predictive analytics reporting) to assess online learning, not focusing on tech.
FF! Thanks for following us, guys!
red meat and gin sounds good too
Draw ALL the memes!
Carrot souffle in place of mashed potatoes :)
I love listening to reggaeton.
Cats are really good at jumping on your bed and standing on your groin.
Seeking a Records and Library Analyst in #Boston! 5 years of records experience is required in addition to an undergraduate degree. Conta…
happy Moms
Remembered the wise words of and now knows exactly what he should do:)
how do i put this lightly, im a huge hit w the mailroom guy, and in general homeless men and cab drivers luv me. i just dont know who 2 pick
CLAW returns. You better cross yo' t's, Punctuator. -- Stiletto
kid ? Lol last time I checked I'm older than yu :P
Not everyone needs a data repository, but gains the university a lot of status right now... dpn
Old people love
“: that was the longest argument ever #RHONJ” would you like to try something!? Lol
Happy 16th Birthday you're a inspiration & I hope you have a great day!!! (My 16 BDay was on March 29 so I'm 6 days older:)
Local celeb sighting: Old Rasta w/ the ankle-length, graying dreadlocks who drives the Urban Safari tour bus. Driving the bus. Clocked in.
please DM acct# or phone+zip, i'll have this checked into for you
Beyondthescoreboard.net I agree with him but your will not be excused if they don't beat the and that goes for them as well
When my grandson asked me how old I was, I teasingly replied, I'm not sure
Control your destiny or somebody else will. -Jack Welch
Am wanna go to DC now :(
where there's a will, there's a way my pretties
That sounds really nice! I wish I was in CO right now!
In the studio goin real retro on this track
Call CVs office to tour services in video and website production, graphic design, stategic & media buying & planning, and social media.
Ridley was at Stratford HS as a freshmen. Ridley was not at Bush all years.
I'm going to be in New York next week! I'm gonna try to see your show because I love and miss your face. :)
Prove it then lol.
best quote from the premiere: "I haven't been this pissed since I had cancer."
And what's skittles have to do with monopoly! This is absurdity
i think it came out when i was like 5... & im 17 in july ahaha! im gonna have this song in my head now...:')
Soo happy I finally got to see my girlfriend again last night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
i second that.
So happy!
Learning lots at #ASCD12?
Thanks...will do :)
Wait, which one is "culture"? RT : The Scream: $120 million Instagram: $1 Billion Understanding the value of culture: Priceless
CHECK MY FRENCH.
Still doin HOMEWORK ! -,-
Lool ! RT : o_0 for that ...wat sef...is it not soccer we are betting over?
$SDVI took off at the open, check it out
Moriarty poisoned her dude, shes dead. It was pretty clear. He killed her because she crossed him and was too close to Holmes.
what's the 90 day rule??
All this going out has rendered me completely broke, just checked my bank account, ouch.
will you have super saver fares offered soon? I'm back next week & need to fly again... :)
yeah....I never went to sleep...so I'm on autopilot? I should change my major to space cadet
Excited for the Consider the Source show tonight at Your Inner Vagabond! WE!
I cant tell if the Heat playin serious or not
I just "retweeted" this. Please hear a loud "amen" from this pastor's wife! Blessings to you.
Same here...
it's funny because it's true RT : ROBO-LOBO!
Happy Founders Day to our brothers of // On May 1, 1848, The #ImmortalSix came together to officially meet as
Good Morning!! Blessings to all
We’re looking for an #intern! Send your name, contact info, availability & why you're a good fit (600 word max):
Very much!
Game day tonight
glad you enjoyed the interview Julie!
New pics up @ our facebook check it out!
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0094> tux tomorrow
Hey , are you here for fun?
#18Days? Uhm i might possibly die before then.... :) i might die of excitement
Listening to talk about where twitter's going. I wanna be able to buy/1-click/Amazon in the stream. Let's make it happen, Josh
Mixed some Blueberry Rooibos and Cinnamon Plum together. Absolutely awesome cup of tea.
#GoogleMaps expert wanted. Quick consult. Pretty please.
You should definitely come to Northstar whenever you can.. the service tonight really opened my eyes
Tell someone why you believe in them today. Don't over think it - in the words of #Nike - just do it.
No more finals!!!
_~++.| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
We can't wait to see you all this Saturday & we also can't wait to see which team takes home the leg!
see you around lunch!
I'm having a #Dilbert-esque moment.
Two mice just ran passed security and didn't go through the xray device. There is always a weakness is the system. Lol
Huge fan of my wife's taco soup. M.
I'm not a political person; but people bashing Obama is upsetting. We are HUMAN, our opinions change as we get further educated on subjects.
when Jose Valentin was starting, we used to joke, "hey, free ball night for the fans behind first base tonight, folks."
epic updates, go for crowd surf IMO!
He seems like such a good guy! Love seeing stuff like this!
“The secret of getting ahead is getting started”–Mark Twain
This is allergie get sick weather
What a wonder opportunity, loving it! Fabulous great news Pls RT. <follow
ready! I will take a #Reds win over the give away though.
Pretty Please! Friend us on Yahoo! Username: poisedcreation
HELP?! What color #Toms should I get as my first pair?!
Oh, great. There's a in Pete's office. Stay away from my snack drawer, fella.
DUDE WE GOTTA HANG OUT NEXT TIME I COME DOWN
As for OSUs bigger production numbers after Adams 5 games ... I think Herron returned that week also. I could be wrong.
doctor kazam has a ring to it though....
Did you know: Paw Naturals will price match any of our competitors
NMSU vs UNM. So far this year...Football-NMSU, Bball-Split, Baseball-NMSU...Women sports no one cares about! THE New Mexico State University
Bilateral book club/Skype sesh might be in order at the end of November!
Atty for David Westerfield, the death row inmate who murdered Danielle van Dam, files first appeal, 9 years after Westerfield's conviction.
*Fight happening at school all kids run and stand in chairs* Me:Gosh! Y'all r acting like one directions here!
#dayofhighered Retweeted a tweet about how #dayofhighered is slacktivism. (Then I wrote this tweet about that tweet.) Back to work.
u know some grape now n laters and some lemonheads makes a dumb sermon ignorable
gets some crazy swaz on that ball does Ron but he's got nowt on Valencia
Life is good! New outlook on 2012...
Congrats to the 2012 PA Int'l Queens:Mrs. PA Int'l - Kimberly McLendon,Miss PA Int'l - Kelsey Landy & Miss Teen PA Int'l - Julianne Biddle!
Thanks to MGM and Premium for hosting Team Thomas.
Darn. My gear is in the other car. Can't go climbing until it's back.
My #fridayreads are A Discovery of Witches and Flannery.
Enjoying the #gltrain webinar on knowledge management and social media, while doing social media KM in other tabs.
Cops now walking single file along east side of march - slightly ominous?
I wish it was easier than this.
RT Spend $10 or more and get a free antipasti! Good Friday, Saturday or Sunday! Just bring in this twitter ad!
RT “People are like rainbows they come in all sizes and all colors and inside of every one of them is a pot of gold!” #Yes!
So happy for you! Can't wait to see it :)
Visiting the mecca of higher education in ceramics for the first time ever
Let's arrange a time and we will drop off some goodies for you!
ok, I will stay away tomorrow then...oh wait does the word "ho" count?
I need more followers;(
I'm gonna go with Earth Crisis and Minor Threat as not
Dating your ex again is like buying your clothes back from goodwill. There’s a reason you got rid of them in the first place.
Biddy just finished two hours in front of regents. She was clear, thoughtful, and very effective!
"The difference between any given normal community and the community of the libertines"
Thanks for the follow!
YOUR IN NEW YORK ?
Alright. It's my bedtime now.
All the middle schools should have a reunion before we all go off to college :X
shit. Its almost over.
Peyton Manning medically cleared to resume NFL career per many sources.. Interesting news or not all its being made to be??
Today's gonna be fun ^_^
it was a few yrs ago when we prank called Malik but his mom answered
We <U+2665> Justin...and we <U+2665> Justin's sweaty classes!
Oh ok. That name sounds familiar.
Is there still no way to sort by due date using the Tasks mobile site?
Thank you so much, your support is valued!
Made a beautiful challah, but don't have the energy to make a shabbat dinner to go with it. Oh well.
MSU Spartans win on the road at Ohio State. Yet another reason why I am in love with Tom Izzo.
Being let down by Buffalo sports teams is par for the course baby.
#IfICouldIWould Change the world.
I've talked to lots of people about my greeting cards who at 1st say that they don't know anyone in prison. Then a few minutes later, . .
Really someone stole my grocery bags off my cart?
In that chase good luck hope you get well my mom was in hospital last few days and she did great.!
Beautiful night! Come join us! Our patio is OPEN!
The only thing getting me through this morning is Boy Meets World and the fact that it's drink cart Friday at work.
what happen with Kevin ?
Follow back please? :)
I was wondering what adventures she had gotten into. Yay for electricity!
Putting on size 0 shorts n they are a little big.. #perfectsize or #toskinny ?
RT When u remember the source of yur Life u are always abundant.
I only have 140 characters to make a complete fool of myself.Wife said "You can do it with much, much less". I am not really trying. It's ea
I'm reading it right now. I'm on the 3rd chapter. Loving it so far.
I watch Fox News because I don't like pro wrestling anymore but I still love the fake storylines and colorful characters
Just updated How Long Have I been Alive ! Now you can share your #TimeAlive! with friends and family!
“My favorite thing is to go where I've never been.” - Diane Arbus
if you look closely at the white spaces you will see my pic... or if you use the QR code you can see my pic on linkedin... :)
": I believe that baseball pants to girls is the equivalent to yoga pants to guys. #cleatchaser" go get'er tiger
u better leave my momma alone lol
PEACHES! Anyways imma go, night. You better still be here in June.
'Bout time!
#Actors who need a #reel, #ff and get it done!
what's the next country I get to see pictures of? Haha
I'm here! Where are you?
Who knew an "apple" would cost so much lol
HLNT watching here...
My mind wonders too much.
Watching the Slippers press conferences with CP3! #nbaplayoffs CP3 is kinda cute!!
Well, hello! How are you? x
we've been legitimately trying to follow you but every time I go to look at your page it says we aren't!
I like it
When 's mom asks what rack city chick means..> but when abby tries to explain it. >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Interview on Monday!
can I just tell you that my husband is so excited about your website that he doesn't know where to throw himself right now?!
This time it is primal energy
Rather, the problem seems to have been that the government didn't enforce antitrust laws vigorously enough.
Cannabis Freedom March is Tomorrow! Rally and March from volunteer park to Westlake park. Live music, speakers, and activism in motion.
ya I've known him like 6 years, he was tellin me ya mentioned me lol.. Not sure on what for tho lol, Is she taking a break while?
what did the numbers in the last video shot in meridian mean?
RT : Free admission for NM residents, this Friday at the O'Keeffe Museum in Santa Fe!
I will sing of the mercies of the Lord forever with my mouth will I make known your faithfulness to all generations. Psalm 89:1
Snow snow snow Boston!! What do you guys think? Like? Or Don't like?
Im still fuckin wit you Love how you handled that !
Lol I haven't checked my tumblr all day.. I actually have a life \m/
So Friday is my Birthday o_O.
i miss jessie mac.
Im Only Talkin To People We Cant Take It On The Boyfriend Level Doe
Thanks, - the feeling is mutual.
Hi. Lady, I wanted 2 know y ur show is not on 2day, or tomorrow? Big fan from Detroit MI. PLZ LET ME KNOW! Thanx. :-)
ABSOLUTELY! Do you think she would give me her number?
wen we drinking u be playing slut
do you have your kids watching Maury?
Just looking at scenes from home (San Antonio) during Spurs game doesn't help the fact I miss home so much.
Just woke up, from falling asleep at 4... It was a rough day. :/ and I still don't feel any better
If you can't attend #Twanksgiving you can still help! Text FOOD to 52000 to donate $10 to
When boys cuss at you <<
Is Jalex Christ Jesus' gay brother?
Still doesn't explain why THEY called HIM though.
San Diego PD has 1200 untested rape kits. Tonight at 10news Why doesn't PD do what some other cities do? Cold case's solved
Nice. Looks like fun. Lots of talent.
Steeling food from the job you work at
Nothing erases unpleasant thoughts more effectively than concentration on pleasant ones.
Getting a Valentine's data card from a cutie then seeing it wasn't even addressed to you.
already planning for that trip to Cali this summer or maybe before. Cant wait
Thanks!!! RT : Made it to grandalism dope art post pics later...
Will keep you posted; would be good to meet up!
Jet, the cockapoo, has been found! He's back with his mom! Happy Friday!
beautiful! Thank you for the information :)
how do I file a claim against you?
Ain't that America!
i love my roomie
Just got my hair cut. :)
Man, down below 750? Sucks ..
Time 2 start a new day. Not a bad one. 2 depos. 1 mediation & 1 lunch appointment.
We admire Jeffrey M. Smith, thank you for the info. We appreciate it.
Wow is killin' me w/ his tweets! So funny and I'm loving every min of it. Especially loved his callout of ppl.
what the elevator music is going on in this car?
GCs taking the stage 's #BestSeminar. We're lucky to get their insight today!
So now my fam has decided to join me facebook, I've decided to move my vulgar thoughts to twitter
I know you've been hurt by someone else. I can tell by the way you carry yourself.
Doggie sneakers aren't the issue; endorsement of greyhound racing, and the cages the animals were kept in during filming are.
& Mitt Romney perhaps?
Employee fathers need to step up to the plate and put their family needs on the table.
Let’s all agree that whether someone is lippy is an excellent way to decide if you can be friends.
helped clients enjoy the trip of a lifetime. They bungee jumped off the tallest bridge in NZealand and scuba dived at the Great Barrier Reef
I'm talking goat petting zoo on my elephant petting zoo on my blue whale petting zoo
Fight the good fight, Stuart! Prayers are with you!
.ill die for you, get down for you. Do Anything you Want me to<3
my thoughts exactly
Lazywebs: help me find a medium- or light-weight jacket good for cycling that also looks badass and has good pockets!
Peace Out 2011! Here's to a great New Year!
Gil Scott-Heron and Stevie Wonder Pandora Stations make you realize just how much music has been recreated in hip hop.
A fast drive out a winding road on a sunny afternoon…
Can't wait! RT 6 days until the season premiere of Californication!
You'll hear the beautiful sound of love coming down <U+2764><U+2764>
it is quite challenging! That is advanced ux!
Thanks for coming out last night.
Tu follow back ?
EVAN! come over! it is about to start!
smoke, drink, fuck. ball, everything hahaha
RIP Davy Jones
The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory.
Tom will never act as a solicitor peddling crappy get rich quick or weight loss schemes. Sorry if you received anything like that.
Sorry. I really thought you guys would win tonight. Hope the Hawks play 60 Minutes tomorrow or 80 if needed.
chachi just won like million dollars for winning that I think lol congrats you can buy like a lamborghini now. Rite
2011 is the year of sass.
Thanks for mentions! - had great time at Blue and White Party.
No greater name, than the name of Jesus.
This Nigga 2 Chainz on everybody song right now
Walking around with a Chick-fil-A milkshake is like walking around with Excalibur. Everyone wants its power, but only I can wield it.
Pretty sure we dont! RT : Pretty sure we were told there was no practice today..
Air Force Prep and San Antonio Central Catholic's Cole Martinez had 24 in the Texas D1 win over the Colorado Miners
letss smoke when I get out of work tomorrow :)
It seems some the students of Columbia College are so willing to criticize and so resistant to do some actual research on their own.
Hm...is it too early for a sangria..it has fruit in it?
is looking for interns. DM if you are interested in PR!
i don't like Beasley, but it's a no brainer, C's need scoring for the love of god!!!!!
#vibintogoodmusic #makemusic appreciate music because one day the earth will be in silence
Suzie says: I am on my way to campus!! Shuttle was running crazy late!!! Can someone let jeremy know?! Thanks!
listening to a group of students work on business/accounting coursework makes me glad I'd never attempted those classes.
I'll vote for you JSG! As long as you don't day "my friends"!
who?o:
Unleash the tree! Unleash the tree!
let me know if you got my message--gotta make some decisions today.
yo PFT, what's your position? Fans, owners, or players?
Getting ready to go work a modeling promo for WINK Eyelash Bar & Makeup Studio's Martini Mixer in Metairie, La. I CANT WAIT 4 SOME MARTINIS
that song is amazing! :D
We're almost there. And then it's Madtown summertime fun for 3 whole months.
RT : Let's Go Tops!!! Cross Pointers representing our Alma Mater! //heck yeah!
I'm gonna play rook all damn day tomorrow
Flash player should just automatically update.
Enjoy them below, and if another quote didn’t make the list but you absolutely love it, please share it with us in the comments
I'm so sore from the past two days haha
I am so lucky to have him <U+2665>
ur website is totally cool i hope z will see it ...the best thing evah
way to finish up your career my man. loved watching you over the years. youll be missed by many here in eugene. good luck!
whatever you want! But your name is prefect the way it is also!
Make sure your working smarter, not just harder
white people? what are those? Aren't they a Greek myth?
“: #336. When you have to hit around two giants #volleyballproblems”
ack! bathroom key and computer sign-up!
I can't blame you
When you realize love is the answer. You'll be better off....
Ah the 10K route in Singapore Shape Run is out! Can't wait for my next race !!!.
Signed up for #Seattle today! Last year was fantastic, so I'm stoked to see what this year brings!
it feels like somethins heatin up, can I leave wit you?
Waiting to hear from Peyton Manning himself. Why can't we have Tebow at FB and Manning at QB?
thanks for the follow! Happy holidays!
wish i had company lbvs
i was asking cause i was thinking about collecting projects for people to work on tomorrow (/cc )
I want clippers to win this one
Euchre night in Chicago requires #RamonWOW. We are coming for you !
1901 photo of the magnificent Victorian Mansion of Eva Smith Cochran in Yonkers, NY overlooking the Hudson River www.victoriansource.com
Waking down the hallway and my friends are like "oh he looked at you!" "and him too!"
Yankees aren't even an option for the player of the game. Oh yeah, because they havent done anything.
For certain!!! Imagine the possibilities!
that's the plan !
Waiting for that smash record from ! This dude is incredible
dat snapback back song go ham
THAT'S THE MOTTO
Ashley is watching "America's Next Top Model."
You are welcome, Hope you have a Wonderful Wednesday!
Just cleared sinuses, swallowed...tasted hints of semen and dying soul
I need to go to bed. <U+E13C><U+E13C>
Kohl "I don't think were far away(from being a winning team). We all feel the same."
If the title has the word "Criminal" in it, and it's non-fiction, chances are I watch it. Religiously.
Settle down beneath the ocean stare upwards raise your arms and say goodnight tomorrow the sun dawns on settled scores
Glad you are safely through it!
ill never let you down
Im not your parents?! Lol alright.
Biggest Grammy letdown is still Uncle Jesse not appearing onstage with the Beach Boys.
So LeBron wins another MVP? But he sucks....how is that possible?
May b experiencing 'runner's high' from laughing at the headlines from
have my Michael Bolton Wanderers escaped relegation yet?
In the past two days, I have been flipped off by three people I have never seen before in my life. Making friends everywhere.
b b b bitches aint shit but hoezzzzz n tricks
Photographer Michael Caristo Won Our Monthly Giveaway For Free Studio Time During June! Congrats Michael, Cant Wait To Work With You!!
Thanks for the follow, Nick!
I hope this mansion was in Bratenhal?!
I drank some boiling water because I wanted to whistle
Henry David Thoreau~ We are always paid for our suspicion by finding what we suspect.
A lady is going through the frozen turkeys and says to a blonde, "Do these turkeys get any bigger than this?" She says, No they're dead."
Really enjoyed today's presentation from Google's on the ZMOT, Zero Moment of Truth. Thanks, Catherine &
Should be filing taxes (on extension)
The winner will be selected at random and this offer is good for NEW and CURRENT actors at our training center. So DM your email to us now!
1. Thanks for informing us about National Pretzel Day 2. That sounds amazing!!!
Give me the fastest. Grimiest. Slickest. Route to Rack City!
sounds interesting
"Emotionally I'm done. Mentally I'm drained. Spiritually I'm dead. Physically I smile"
one win away
yoga 6-8 weeks. Not sure yet on
Thank you to panelists 4 your answers on #1 tip on giving back & getting involved. It was an honor asking the last question.
i love you! #BeliebingUntilMyHeartStopsBeating !Please Never ever forget about your #beliebers ! <U+2665> I ,we , love you so much !<U+2665>
They're not working! Still coughing.
is verified on Twitter. Here comes the big time!
see all of you on here tomorrow. good night. i'm feeling sleepy.
Ikr, When andy got a gf I was about to stab one of my class mates with a toy dinosaur (LOL) and I was also on my period...
Morning! What a busy summer. Holler at us for Austin corporate furnished and serviced apartment suites to
many needed to happen
Can't wait :)
super fast & love the tweet option. I'm an Apple God worshipper myself. Praise be to Jobs. RIP.
I know it's late to the game, but terrific hire of - met *interestingly* from Phenomlist. Scored a stud. Win for Pando.
Improve the design of my site how?
A bit lonely at work today, with all my DC colleagues snowed in and off-line! Catch-up/clean-up day!
And having a great night with my boyfriend. :) RT : Drinking some beer with ..
on my way to see jared!!
I disabled the Drupal RDF module on our new site cause it was a resource hog. Would have been a nice perk otherwise.
i made team :)
So close to our goal of 300 followers! Help us get there!
Me too!
does she remind you of you self?!
I think our upstairs neighbors have adopted a seal-dog. His bark sounds like a sea lion.
I hate when people text me after like 1pm and say 'Good morning' mmmk obviously it's not morning anymore
BE STRONG. My prayers are with you trent <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Darnit. still insists that I am "dee dee".
I need one of these for my son....any idea when you might have the Thugglet back in stock?
Watching The Voice and seeing myself once in while in the row behind the singers' families. How can I be there AND here? #AmIHighRightNow ?
If you obey all the rules, you'll miss all the fun. -Katherine Hepburn
I either want some Wawa coffee or some cold starbucks...vanilla!!! <U+2615>
wow that's so hot. I <3 u
#Mee2 RT : I'll have Another , Congrats Kentucky derby seems like fun I need to go one day
love that.
Thanks for the RTs, Tracy!
Thanks for
Escalating Yemen violence kills three, injures hundreds...(world)
homie is probably day trading from his droid on top of a ski slope right now!
John Sherman Cooper of Kentucky was one of my favorite GOP senators; hard to believe Mitch McConnell was an intern for Sen. Cooper.
Thank you for the follow.
BEST. CONCERT. EVER. I got to see AWOLNATION with my bestfriend :D
heyy youth group tomorrow? (:
yall jus got M.I.a
High five and smiles, smiles and slaps.
Thanks :) RT : was up sexy that ass lookin nice!!
Be sure to read the new article - Single Gourmet Puts Romance on the Menu - just posted @ SingleGourmet.info - Click on the News Link
Run them down Denny !!!
#MM think it's so awesome how u share #music! thx!
lolol he thought he was ballin but didn't have a block
Mary Kennedy, wife of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. found dead at NY home.
hahaha! This weekends gonna be awesome guys! I'm excited to see everyone!!!
Ooh, I want to live where Robert Lowell lived!
you don't even know me at all. so why are you trying to change me.?
Us 2!RT : Super excited to be back tonight! Always a great time! We are playing w/ Battleme and Secret Music.
not me, you guys suck bawls
already got tickets to go!
Pulling into Disney. : "Guys, remind me to get some forks, I'm out." HAHAHA.
Seriously, is Angelina made of paper?
That moment when More Than This comes on at the store you're at and you cant help but fall to the floor like a weirdo lol
they love the Packers and the Packers love their fans and do more than any team in the NFL to make players accessible
Good morning!!!happy friday 2 all
Definitely laughed out loud at that tweet. Hope the chicken turned out great!
i don't think can be any more adorable
wow. NBC must be planning on making a shit tun of money off of you.
My boyfriend is my prince. He is my entire world and I love him with everything I have. I have no idea how I got so lucky <3
You don't have to please me, just pick up my tab. Don't have to go too fast, Just change my life.
This chick just asked me if she could plug in her iPod. Im in the middle of a set... And that kids, is what we call a bitch.
Great day for it!
E my bad haha
Actively look for a positive alternative to every problem you face today. Start to make it a habit.
not an official group. Comprised of alumni, friends, family. Out of respect for donors cannot disclose $ per 1,000 but it's good
Finally saw The Artist today. Can definitely see why it won Best Score and Best Picture!
To those asking if Paulson buying the blazers has legs, answer for now is no. Nothing except speculation backing it up.
This is how I see the whole police beating situation..Boosie charges were dropped, so the white man had to put the world back in balance
Thank You!(:
Does Emmy have a twitter?
Failure is more frequently from want of energy than want of capital. -Daniel Webster
My Big Bruh So 100, I Aint Even Gotta Say It!!! #Winning Ova Here
Oh goodness, Charles Murray reference. This should be good.
Wait. I'm at home. Beer moi-même encore! Oui, right away Madame.
Have a blessed day everyone!
Just The Ticket For Seniors 65+ is set for Friday, June 8 from 12:30-3:45 at the Goodman Community Center. The best part? It's FREE!
Throwing the AXE down! Go Brew Crew
Before the mountains were brought forth Or ever You had formed the earth and the world Even from everlasting to everlasting You are God
In what text does Morrison say that line?
has anyone (group) done more to make white kids feel cool? “ - today it's all Beastie Boys. #RIPMCA Damn.”
Ottawa Bluesfest Lineup: LMFAO, Lauryn Hill, Skrillex, Iron Maiden To Join This Year’s Festival
Holy shit! Just realized that and I are sitting behind Fountains of Wayne on this flight. I have fangirl sweat.
Moroccan #food on Wednesday: Aziza
God's ability to win is not predicated on our obedience!!
“: #JustPromiseMe you'll never forget all times we spent together and promise me no one will take my place in your heart .”
You know when you have a headache, but just barely, so you don't want to take anything, but then it never goes away and you wish you had?
cheers !! RT : Thank you for following Sentry's Corkage Club, We can't wait 4 the RB Tasting Festival
Birthday dinner at cheesecake factory :)
Huge thanks to for talking toys and Liam Neeson with us. Follow him and enjoy this week's show on Thursday!
click it and find out :)
Thanks for dining with us and checking in!
Did Maine sell out??
Good move, gonna send them some $ today. Obama's re-elect campaign is being too gentle on Mitt.
Time for some artisan afterhours style
GUYS HAVE IT AT LA PLEASE.
I wish thier were no wars at all :/ We already have cancer isn't that bad enough already.
I'm thinking this allstar weekend is not living up to years passed
My phone was tweeting on stage... But we jammed it
Well, it's a marvelous night for a #moondance A full #Moon of rare size and beauty will rise in the east at sunset. #VanMorrison on
": #iWillNeverTrust someone who doesn't enjoy Dragon Ball Z." (thats right i think somebody a lame if the never wacth DBZ)
Hm, wonder what caused that? DNA?? Do u try and eat good things that ur liver would like??
Alvarez landing some wholesome shots!
this feels better...
LOL I'll let the people know to improve their CGI too.
Cheers! Another fine webinar by !
.5 shy of record RT : Out of curiosity, did Jared Allen tie or break the sack record?
I like singing but I suck at it xD
very nice, I really want you to show up to a closing with it on though
Now playing "Alive" by
really enjoyed "Meet Generation C: The Connected Customer." It was great to meet you at SXSW. Look forward to your next article.
Get and stay out of your comfort zone. If you want to be successful.
Friends Making Life Amazing
"ion say names&give NiGGAS the fame.nw bck 2the song.f* that ! he a LAME..IT'S A SHAME IT'S A SHAME IT'S A SHAME IT'S A SHAME
- long time reader, fan and pr pro for philly tech, start up and VC firms. Follow me and !
ok so the birds out my window are mad loud i jus screamed at them to shut the fuck up ...
he sat next to Beckett the other day, prob
hope all is well, and happy new years man, rob
really, Arrowhead water? Lol
Not even the winky face? ;)
My hats off to Joe Simon...Legendary creator of Captain America.... He lived to be 98 years young. Thank, you Sir.
Surf Report (Pacific Beach) 2-3 ft + knee to chest high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
Edutainment is like slipping a vitamin in dessert. Simon Perazza
I know, its just too much & I slick wish arizona would've died instead of lexie
Ashamed to call you a friend.
Well, you've responded each time. So... not really.
Ah the VMAs. This is one night i'm extreme glad I don't have a television.
how are you faring with the poweroutage? My heart breaks for all the great back bay restaurants.
#sschat newbie teachers have experience enough bad teaching 2 know who they don't want 2 be
put a video of you doing your #dancerehersals on twitter! LIFE WOULD BE MADE! How's your day? Your put me in a happy mood!:)
strangley enough I would rather have cup of coffee these days or maybe tea Are you a starbucks girl?
Biggest thing I've learned so far this year is to be open to new friendships. I thoroughly appreciate all the ppl in my life.
Added "Multicultural, Diversity and LGBTQ" as new interest in Departments category.
Vystar Sr VP Judy Walz just began her presentation on the Money Makeover prgm. She has 13 pinball machines!
Still can't believe fenagled me into this office.
had a successful weekend at !
Anyone else think the new Garbage album cover looks a lot like Garth Brooks' 'G' logo?
sorry, i don't do hoes.
the smoke is in the air like a hypeman hands the mic is a deadly weapon in the right mans hands
Reminder: Tomorrow's game is a 2 pm first pitch.
It's time 2 brk out the extensions this summer
New dishwasher installed... Livin' the dream.
Thanks for the RT. :-)
Main thing I say on the weekends; FUCK IT, YOLO.
It would have been awesome if someone had told me that there's a giant hole in my shirt
Thanks - Check in for updates! RT just heard your new track, pretty legit
Miss Biker Bitch Hoodie
way to tweet pics of your gf! What u doing later?
--"My wife is short of mind and scares of water" F--"How do u knw?" --"Yesterday,when i got hme,she was in bath tub with the security guard"
RT if u thought the fancy D in Disneyland was a G when u were little
Yeee hit one up us up sir.
Twitter for the iPad = love
southern book festival this weekend Nashville tn 37210. free lectures, free food, buy cool books!
see you there! stop by our booth at
What site do I go on if I wanna book for a party ?? X
Gasol bleeds more then a girl on her period
What is UP with that outdated atom graphic? : )
I be missing you mad hard right now yo. That's how I imagine you talking in my head. For reals though, I miss you.
We know you meant he doesn't exist to you. :)
seems like that worked out pretty well!
I'm happy to report that I am #Flashback free.
you and your
What is more valuable dirt or gold?
The deli at work. We have a giant cafeteria w like 8 different stations and then 2 buildings over a small deli.
It feel like a hot summer night but its still spring time
don't put me on ur list...I'll be a good daddy..:)
Yes! He mentioned Stengers!
Street Roots awarded Community Service Award for outstanding achievement and service to Portland’s elderly, homeless and poor.
WE WILL! LESS THAN ONE WEEK AND ITS THE BIG DAY! CONCERT DAY IS GOING TO ROCK! ;)
Ugh, believe me, I know!
“: Odd timing of Ford report" Not that odd...anything to bring distraction to the Cats.
Guess what?...Someone tried to put a roadblock in my path. Know what I did? Kept right on through stomping the roadblock! Dirt now! Haha!
would and do. Friend looking for "breads" w/o wheat. Trying to make some enjira like product. Any help? Will buy u beer.
if yall need graphic work done, hit me up
Sounds like a good plan, Girl! #DoYourThing :-)
WWW.MYSPACE.COM/MEBRUKLIN
Loving the wolf man on ai! Love me some johnny cash. He needs a stlylist tho.
I can't believe rose tore his acl. This was Chicago's year!
We would like to welcome the association of Cambridge Jones photography. Visit Cambridgejones.com
Of course! Thanks so much, Shelby! Really really really really really glad you like it :)
Most people is scared of love because of what it can do to you.
Anyone know of a good beach in Toms River, NJ?
If Bosh out a month, Im taking all bets against the Heat.
#unitedairlines - they're too busy painting planes - oh, no wait - they did that first before worrying about customers!
sterling community by ucf
Hahaha. It was so bleak. Couldn't look away.
we're reaping the benefits of your site improvements this holiday season!
They don't give the trophy to the person who tries the hardest, they give it to the person who wins.
My mood has been killed even more then before
You tweet about the Crayola Haus! I've rocked there a few times before.
I hate that new friend who tries to steal your best friend. The worst thing is that your best friend chooses them over you.
Wait! Me and share a birthday?! Nice!
When the new year come in i hope everyone is with someone they love,respect,cherish,adore.
“: laying around in ur fruit o the loom and red n white knee highs. #onwisconsin #captainhuge” want a visual?
Must admit...I watch that crap. And, I still can't imagine how they make that much.
GMO allergies are my new biggest fright-fest. See australians proof an protect your kids!! www.allergyfree4u.com/GMO-allergies
We will be closed all day on Saturday and Sunday! Happy Holidays! We will be open Monday at 3pm.
Thank you for the #FF shoutout!
idk mayb but I'm just going off wht I read lol
#Reds #TitanicStruggle fails.
Hey if you see this please follow me my birthday is in a 3 weeks you would make my 11:11 dream come true if you followed me(:
Have you seen the documentary called "Fair Game"? Is so, what do you think about it?
Tonight begins the last run of shows for Arlen Blues and Berlin Ballads! Don't miss out! Shows run through this Sunday.
Sometimes I look at old people and thing 'God, what did u look like before this?'
Merry Christmas!! If SANTA "dropped the ball" this year, you can always go on-line and get / print your ALL-INCLUSIVE Big Night tickets.
GA DOE currently piloting teacher/leader eval system in 26 systems. Incl surveying K-12 students on teacher perform. (Yes, kindergarteners.)
have fun, lady! I dig it.
86% of you watch me everyday..
Back to sleep I go nothing to do
Just finished shooting a PSA. Time to go home, chill for a sec, then head to this callback.
Excited to be at EpCon today in Waterloo! cc:
If you want my number ask
There's a crazy energy in the neighborhood tonight. By 'energy', I mean neighbor. And by 'crazy' I mean the police usually come by midnight.
Still on my break. I feel like I'm going to explode <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
OKC is giving these boys a 30 piece with a extra biscuit...w/ fries and a sweet ice tea...
It shows up in blood, but can stay in system for long time. Hard to prove "under influence" at time of driving.
why haven't you came -____- lol
No Problem! :)
I mean WITHOUT. D'oh.
Always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
I'm not a thug, I don't smoke weed, I'm just a normal guy with extraordinary abilities trying to make it in the game.
Ur Not The Only One Who's Lazy =D
there's always a next time, right? how was your time in Austin?
catching up again just in time to fall behind again.
Seeing intense, city-sanctioned police repression firsthand steered me away from reformist politics.
What #Inspires You? Maybe it's a 5 minute #meditation or listening to your favorite song Make sure to that Every Single Day. #Happiness :-)
We need a ride to the mall who wants to take us
I cant afford it right now, but I will definitely hit u up fam.
Just to note #thisrapturesucks #rapturefail and also
I can't believe #oomf do that to me.
Hey it is Wednesday and we have live jazz in the house! stop by!
never had your number, this is from a week ago :p
#Atlanta area residents can #text COBBSCHOOLS for news, events & updates from Cobb County Schools Foundation. Stay connected with #mobile!
terrible rug burns <<<<< #ouch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
NOPD is stopping people on Freret between McAllister & Newcomb and giving tickets for expired break tags. If yours is expired change routes!
Affected with a high degree of intellectual independence
thanks for the mention!
Oh my, he is one sweet soul brother..
Also your phone answers like a fax machine :/
congrats ! what's your goal? i wish i could go that long without eating candy...
Currently jammin' to Marvin Gaye...I could listen to this man all day...<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
Wonderful concert at Kitano last night.Denny Zeitlin, Matt Wilson & Buster Wiiliams make magic to those lucky enough to have been there.
:] it was me. were you at the summit?
February 28 cannot come fast enough! I want to take the test!
In the arena... with a dagger! RT : Butler did it!
Now I have to make a viddy, only because Justin Bieber has one<U+2665>
Twitter trill <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> >>>
and 2. Base chat time around when people are reading tweets or may be online. Or try a few different times? :)
I just realized that I have school on Monday...
Tried to make deal 3 handed but donk wanted me to pony up to pay chip leader, got 3rd for 115k. Still pissed I didn't win it
If you live in the GA area, you must contact my friend ! She is amazing and will no doubt take care of you!
Aren't we all? RT #ArizonaWildcats WR Buckner is less witty when he's winded
I can't get out of bed..... Even though I wanna go to manipulations lol
ringalingling!!! hello? Hi Algernon!! How's it going?! Thanks for the follow!! Talk soon!
M.C.A.'s in the back cause he's skeezin' with a whore!!!
Congratulations, you are truly blessed. This is the magic that is in this world.
Mastery is performing your skills, and improvising as needed.
In my opinion, convos about immersion - especially as it relates to videogames - is the problem.
Happy New Year to you Mr. Mark! I hope you have a great 2011 and have many projects to work on! Bring WG back to LA too!
Its only a couple of questions through 'email' about your day on set.... what do you say Travis, in or out? :)
we have many inside jokes
good!(: we only have 8 days left!!(:
I have a twisted sense of humor so don't mind me. They let me out of the padded room today.
Yo Joey, come on, man. I know you're in Europe or whatever, but it's still breakfast hours here. Whole day bout to get rearranged....
27 more hours to go! #giveBIG is about to get BIGGER and BETTER! goBIG San Diego, donate to your favorite nonprofit now!
#Wits I know you can add dance & make it work for radio, right?
can't wait to hear about it!
The Mayans predictions are coming true. The entire city of Milwaukee is going up in smoke.
have you ever heard of Isiah Munoz? he's from Tacoma, Washington too :D
Bac on town.
so sorry to hear... *hugs*
I get the feeling that 's Brett Lawrie post is going to get another handful of comments from angry Jays fans again today...
happy Mothers Day to yours as well! And all the moms out there!
Ton Lucca was awesome
SO excited. How is the night going??
whoa, what about Ben Affleck's Jack Ryan?
I packed ham sandwich for lunch today but forgot the Easter chocolate? Rookie move.
“Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.” Henry Ford
mee i just followed u
That's what I'm talking about
yes! avoid the large corporation groomers, they take in anyone, regardless of qualifications.
It really just hit me that Desperate Housewives is over.... My Sunday nights will never be the same <U+E411>
Why SOLAR? Saves U $$ Good 4 environment! Renewable energy! Sound investment N energy independence!
Liquid lunch til 4 downtown = 2for1 pints!#liveafter5 Bag of Donuts playing! Keep an eye out for #Happygirls w BOGO cards!
Reward your customers with online deals and discounts.
I'm going to Disney world lol and I will try to find wifi :)
you a stripper yet u were neva hurtin 4 money, dnt got no kids or school tuition, the REAL strippers should BEAT YO ASS 4 thinkin its a game
i love you
#DeepGold film, shot in #Cebu and #Palawan, will be released in the Philippines on Aug 31.
girl scroll down, did u read the text before that?
When u hurt someone in my family u have to deal with the consequences!!!
can i lick u up n down till u say stop
Shout out always coming through to my gigs
Just downloaded new mixtape S(HE) BE(LIE)VE(D) for free exclusively at www.jasminevmusic.com! JASMINEV MIXTAPE
"Knocked down" is something that happens to something else. So you say "my lovely pumpkin got knocked down by ..."
lol you're funny
tax time. ugh. the most dreadful time of year for any self employed person.
Thanks to everyone who showed up to our cd release! Your support is very much appreciated.
Changed internet providers Wednesday & are only now up and running. Felt totally lost without it. What did we do before the internet?
I feel ya call me gurl !
fuck i wanna be drunk again
My feet are the most disgusting looking things on the face of the earth.
what is this silence? it cuts me to the core..
#phdadvice And my write every day tip - do it from day 1. What questions do you have? In the literature: where are points of (dis)agreement?
Follow Back???(: Please?(:
social dress? Send me a picture! And I am thanks! Drama to tell?
April Treasure boxes available for order til midnight tonight - a great way to stock up on groceries on a budget www.thetreasurebox.org
i love xo's lol
MT : Physical space has its own thing going. While SM should follow mission statement, it can be done in a Social way.
Besides, I'd rather forget the days we spent, than try to stay afloat in shallow water. #savestheday <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Sprouts no longer available You can't even pay extra to add them! I'm officially boycotting their sandwiches, who's with me?!
So my friends says they know someone that looks like Liam... BRB HIJACKING A CAR TO GO TO THEIR SCHOOL & WAIT FOR HIM TOMORROW
ThunderbirdBar, thanks for following us on Twitter!
I just gotta hear the #'s on this one. Does KC remember the mighty Overkill? Hope so.
I suppose to be home yesterday but my flight got problems so tryin again today
Put down the chocolate #Easterbunny and get to Classic Slice and
Referring to #elit in a course title, which do you prefer: eLiterature or E-Literature or E-literature?
to bad the rainforest cafe isn't still there
follow back :)?
They always do, they always do. “: The script may have said sports but his eyes said sassy all day.”
Lawson has a bright future in the League though.
It's a sunny 65 Feb day and the Ice Cream man just drove by my house. Don't tease me,
Enie,Meenie,miney,mo. u ain't nothing but a hoe. u think your cool, u think your classy. reality check: your really trashy .
I told Rodgers he said he's so sorry for your loss and for you to email him the test
why do we do that, knock other woman down, what do you care
San Onofre Nuclear Power Plant To Remain Closed During Federal Probe CBS Local SAN CLEMENTE (AP) — The troubled San Onofre nuclear
Moved in 4 months ago and I'm still unpacking boxes. #whenwillitend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
all good man, just sayin, our boys were killin it in Fells :) Been to angels once, is that where you ended up?
please follow me!! Please!!
UPDATE 3-NY Times posts lower revenue; ad sales volatile
#SCtop10 George Kottaras walk-off, two-run double for the #Brewers 5-4 win over the #Dodgers!
When ur getting head and yo girl ask you to let her know your about to bust and you just pull her head down and bust anyway
I dont have any hate towards Delena, i actually love Damon <3, but its just a ship i dont favor :)
Just ordered #GirlScoutCookies: ThinMints, Samoas, Tagalongs, DulceDeLeche & SavannahSmiles. Its for a good cause after all, my sweet tooth!
Young boy dope life isn't attractive anymore.
Outstanding rain storm in north Austin right now. Anyone else getting it in town?
Think we could drag you out to the / show tomorrow night at SubT?
Pinterest = stuff in mason jars, freaky nail polish, ugly shoes, booze popsicles and quinoa
M....sunlight feels good...!
This is v important!! RT : The big question on Sesame Street today: Is Pi Day more important to the Count or to Cookie Monster?
hey sweetie! I hope your night is better. :) I just wanted to say that you're one of the strongest women I know & I know..
my guy u good
Vampire Weekend, MGMT >
I swea im tired of being the one who ALWAYS has to start a convo or have some to talk about -____-
50 hours working, 15 hours driving to work, 40 hours sleeping, 20 hours boat time and diving. I need to find time in my week for blog :-(
interior design tattoo? What, like I've got floor plans & paint colors on me?
what are some tips for packing baked goods to ensure safe and satisfactory delivery?
Going to Canada again... wish us luck at the border
you need to stop fighting with blair its immature
uh oh. what are those kicks??
Thank you for the Re-Tweets and Favorites!
2 songs recorded last night....1 more to go tomorrow night!
I just got a ten dollar parking ticket for laughing about a baby that doesn't have a brain with you for so long.
Somebody has a birthday coming up...
#jacksonvilleuniversity has arrived at the
Justin Bieber is 18.
Thank U 4 the prayers-we r constantly praying @ this end & those prayers include u & all the friends I have made on Twitter. :-)
Going somewhere?
When it's all said 'n done, with yer life nearly gone, and on thinkin'yer past mistakes over, Tho' drinkin's no sin, it's what y'pour in..
"Act of Valor" = war porn.
please don't remind me how much I wish I had my camera lag night
10% of all marriage proposals, in the US, take place today.
Does she find the dragons???
Thanks for the follow! Really hope you dig my artwork. :)
I believe was a HS WR. But I bet dude could have been UCLAs QB if he wanted.
Florence had a bad 2011, but it would have been interesting to see how he would have faired with bolstered defensive line in 2012.
Video Training Review - Chasing The Light: Photography And The Practice Of Seeing By Ibarionex Perello via
Great deal! Crunch Gym Membership for $39 (regularly $212) but beware of high 'one time activation'. Very nice gym to join!
Working on a book trailer for a midterm exam.
Delighted to follow you, Connie, and look forward to your tweets, being both conservative and interested in biomedical issues
With winter here be sure your HVAC ducts are ready for the cold. Call Servpro of MKE North at 262-250-1101 for an estimate!
been getting a lot of traffic, i noticed it once but seems to be workin well now. let us know if you have any issues.
Mark Salling's cover of Mean <3
More importantly, why is he a member of the general assembly?
Just finished listening to Tony Hsieh's book, Delivering Happiness. It was outstanding!
So disappointed in myself.
It's funny how much I'm willing to sacrifice for a person.
Join the SD Public Library 820 E Street 5/7 at 6:30 for a reading of "Dear Cara: Letters from Otto Frank"
RT : Hey #Manhattan #KS will be at Manhattan Christian College at 2 pm for
oh awesomeness! DJ Doc coming from behind hell yeah!
If there is any kind of long-term stability in this current #Bucks roster, they'll win this game
Is Sean Peyton really suspended for a year?
Great turnout at my Brokers open today and I want to thank everyone that was able to attend! www.3651holboro.com
I love you and your wonderful hair!!!!! :D <3
nope. I know for a fact that they don't wanna go back to the khl. So he'll explore his options in the NHL & i think a team
thank you :)
#favoriteposition doggy style :) perfect hair pulling control along with speed and stroke control, all in all the best
The real plants of Hawaii - Philadelphia Daily News
Happy Valentines Day from the boys of the Benjamin Hyatt Band!
<U+FFFD>Do your duty and a little more and the future will take care of itself
ok I think I fixed the link , let me know
: Think the Bravos are going to pull it off?!
Having a blast with my sis Jen and Joyce. :)
everyone go follow !!! hes my best friend! :) hes also single....ladies
I can't remember the last time I watched black & white tv.... oh wait I never did. hahaha.
watching Soul Plane, high as shit lol.
Thanks and glad to join the
It's a gem. Enjoy!
Proud to be a Husky! Bow down to Washington! Victory over Cougs!
things i wanted to spend my tax refund on? a cute netbook and/or a suit for looking smart. things I will spend it on? hospital bills, sucka
2 blogs I follow showed me I was right to reach for the Mustard Scarf pattern yesterday. Mine will be brown... Worcestershire Scarf?
In case UR thinking about it! "Man burns down house by smoking cigarette while fixing petrol lawnmower in his bedroom & causes explosion!"
RT : Got a lot to think about. *pray about
is that a typo? You mean hall of shame, right?
Lil B got his as beat before so he may know how to
kick push
Just got out of gym. now time to cool down at lunch.
"Don't you doubt my seriousity." Seems like the right word to us.
is back on Twitter...for sure this time. LOL
follow mee? please?
make someone do it for me! HAAAHAHHA and I'll sit here and freak out!
The Bears draft this year actually made sense... Weird.
I have plenty of clothes. It's the expectation that they should actually *match* that's the problem.
Yay! Dagoberto Gilb joins the #Librotraficante Caravan in El Paso, on to Mesilla, then off to Dagofy someplace else.
i will follow everyone, who follows me right now (:
Tim McGraw music >>
“: thanks for the follow! One day soon i hope to attend ! #roadtrip2012” please do!
Love seeing on tonight. National GOP needs your help #LNYHBT Twitter Army!
Have you gotten your banner yet for "Banner Day"??? www.worldchampionfans.com
Sonic #Baltimore Secret stall update-Pull into lucky stall & u get 50% off ur entire order.Hints given: it's either stall 16,17, 21,or 22.
She is so sweet <3
Young men and women ought not to be dictated to by doctrines and dogmas. Whatever is forced is never forceful. That is the law.
Having a lazy day in Pittsburgh ...my home away from home. Blessed to have bi-coastal residences to chill. Love my East Coast family!
a thank ya, a thank ya very much. /best elvis impression. the sad truth. (;
If you ask me a question I will flip out on you lol
#brewers have been swept in back-to-back gms including v. Suppan. Watch em bust out of it and get to Lincecum. Battle of Cy Youngers tonight
I want to see guest star on a doctor show he would be great :)
Teacher tell me to do something;i'm like shut the fuck up talking to me I'm high as a mfer.
Welcome to the #Packers !
Almost to chicago...can't get fb on my bb :(
You're right. 110%. You just don't answer faith questions like a politician. Smh.
well I guess that's why my wife keeps so much chocolate around the house....
Khan Academy now on 60 minutes!
Starting to write again this gon be good...hopefully I can put it on a track
Im so bored!
Aww so cute. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
RT : Very excited to announce I'm going to be managed by ! Lookin forward to some big things in the music video world
How did this spam know I liked ligers?
this country was built on, religious values, and now we have to fear lawsuits from atheist groups. What happened to our USA?
Got tix to the Redskins - Cardinals game. I will rock my Fitzgerald jersey, but otherwise will be happy no matter who wins.
Whenever you want to, i'm ready.
I'm already equipped with an afro
the css (:before content "") works in other browsers. its the WOFF thats finicky with chrome and safari mobile.
We help high school students grow as leaders and young professionals. We work with a lot of student orgs like DECA to do that!
how is me sticking music relative to the fact that you're a fraud sports fan?
Heading to with friends to check out the neighborhood at night. We may buy there later this year...
Good afternoon :)
nah thats jus what they say
I can't find you!!
Chico is a BIT out of my budget, but I have been saving for this elephant-print hemp bodysuit thing? Something simple.
People who cant spell words correctly give me headaches.
Thanks, it is. Hope to see you there!
We should make a twitter handle for this guy and show him off. Just like the bronx zoo cobra.
everybody's best friend. :D
Haha, these only fool the freshman on campus. Last year the headline "Philly bans BYOs" scared a lot of people though!
#23days of school left #40days till Believe and #44days till Austin comes to NYC!!<3
It's game time!! Cheese heads unite!!!
Holy heatwave!!
Weather data is now being returned in SimpleGeo Context queries. We apologize for any inconvenience we may have caused.
nation wide is on your side...
Congrats on getting signed to EPIC RECORDS! You're in good hands!
them bikini's will sell tho along with a strong web design & order model they need 2 get on cruise liners,coastal lines,& resorts
sleeping on the beach tonight. <U+E522><U+E011>
bc players who suck @ FTs are too coward to learn Rick Barry style FTs
Good is it?
The LDC is busy planning on how to make leadership more accessible to members. Any suggestions?
Congratulations on the 20th anniversary of the movie #MalcolmX. I still cry at the end & know this is the best movie ever made!!
Helpful hint: Got a loose thread on your clothes? Use a lighter to burn the string. It's better than using scissors.
How could you use the experience us discussed in fashion to create a branding buzz for Clutch Bags NY?
hahaha so I'm guessing you had fun last night?
send a pic!!
I hate when adults try to teach me about technology.
Somebody come cuddle with me so I can go to sleep
lost to the world!
Melanie Mitchell (Virginia) and Kendra Knight (Maryland) both back in the circle today in game 3.
Women with healthy diets, who regularly exercise and do not smoke are two-thirds less likely to develop age-related macular degeneration.
Singing boyfriend to dog dog <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
France imports champagne from the gawd tho
I feel like no performance can ever top 's at the 2009 VMA's.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA good joke
Pop, pop, pop. Watch motherfucka's drop.
You get addicted to making money.
How out of place is Johnny Cash in that stupid video game commercial?
Who's going to be taking advantage of Free Comic Book Day on Saturday here in "Comic Book City, USA?" What is your favorite comic?
": It is UCLA for Shabazz"
2 days left to enter the drawing for a 42" TV. What's the first thing you'll watch if you win?
“For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness
Coming Jan 2012 POSTGAME/CCHA offensive player of the week- we are very excited about this partnership - #gr8teammates please RT
“: Boy: hey dad I got a girlfriend Dad: Good job son! Girl: Hey daddy I got a boyfriend Dad: *loads shotgun*” SO TRUE !
Russia leads Denmark 3-1 in the 3rd. Malkin scored his 3rd goal of the tournament earlier in the game (7 pts now in 4 games).
thanks for the follow! i look forward to reading your #leadership tweets
which policies?
What a snoozefest this #MadMen is
Slip n' slide!
Thanks! Maybe we can raise a glass tonight at Nemo and Buddha's party!
Finally did a #Bushwick arts day, , , , , & many more.
We appreciate everyone who supports Poised Creation! Without you music would die!
he is on a twitter rampage!
You got it!
Had an intense game of monkey in the middle with and 12+ other people at my church (:
Tony parker is looking good after a monster second quarter now time to pull away in the second half
Omg, is such an adorable girl. :) Let's support her as well as !
Everybody keeps things from you. No matter how much they say they don't. Every single girl can't be trusted. Simple as that.
Thanks! :) It's a pleasure to have you. ^dr
I actually thought it was pretty funny. And I'd wager $ that his hands aren't an issue next year.
Great line from the hill today wrt cyber security "need better experimentation around what consitutes best practices" Bob Hutchinson, Sandia
Tweeps! We're giving you something cool to check out! Head over to www.iheartradio.com to view our new BETA player let us know what u think
Just FYI, that's not from the police, a couple of people walking around were speculating it was dynamite.
He says she got my heart and our bond is unbreakable. All smiles :)
what it look like drop....i'm in da build'n..
Ugh can we develop a tampon applicator that only needs one hand? I have tweets to read.
Who's got the new EP?!!!!
I can't wait for teen wolf! You guys need to get it out sooner. It's like a present to me because I can't go see LIK :P
We're open 365 days a year, sir! RT : thanks cool now I need to get my #beer in Let's make it happen!
You can say that again..Hey lovie!
Don't miss your chance to see perform with the rest of G*Mania at the Lincolnshire Co-op's Big Birthday Bash 3rd Sept!
#Bethesda is so odd: 2 pre-war Rolls Royces at the same intersection.
Thanks! You too! Sucks that I now have to be Jets fan, but for the 1st time ever, I will follow a player (& not just Den)
is really really awesome :)
Convenient amnesia.
the Knicks win ONE playoff game, first in 12 years, and now they got they chest all puffed up? Oh, okay.
I think you're giving them too much credit. 5 seems kinda high.
Honest baby I'll do anything you want to so can we finish what we started Don't you leave me broken hearted tonight
Just hid my shit in the freezer.
also from : law stabilizes, technology destabilizes. Regulation on data retention can't keep up with the growth of data production
I've grown very fond of cats.
At regatta in Georgetown. Am suddenly aware of how many many moons it has been! Like being on spectator side better.
Everyone should STUDY> Sociology and Socieoeconomics...it's a must to understand life!
Joe Paterno needs to go, now
yeah get off of him. He's a kid just like u and me
I feel ya bro. We all need an outlet sometimes
ok sorry about that, it's fixed now. The website will take some time to update but you can buy the tracks from soundcloud now
shit it's my song
Thanks for the RT! "My bread and butter people...Photo Organizing session at #NAPO2012!!"
RT : Checking out the #YouthFitnessExpo #FREE EVENT for your kids to try different sports
Great to see the fan base here in Cleveland show up albeit late.
Yes, crazy!
"I just wanna go home and bathe." -
Just a reminder MPEG will be at a new venue LA Stanza Southphilly Come join us and hear about the Sag-Aftra merger
Long time no tweet, what uhp bitchezzzz
I JUST WONDER WAS IT ENOUGH.
get over here now bahahahahaha I'm makin mac n chz and doin laundry till 3am
yee I'll hit u up if I go. Are u gonna be in town this weekend?
That last tweet re Gingrich--very, very difficult to stick to my no-f-bombs rule. God he disgusts me.
Apparently someone frowns on me attempting to have fun and take a break. Majorly thankful for this morning.
At church holding it down.
love taking naps as soon as I get home from schooll
happy bday :) your finally 17! wow i remember when u were 15 you now are so succesful. hope you have a god day! <3
"#Solar power is a sustainable and environmentally friendly #energy source."
speaking of kicking a$$..anyone bugging your bro?
Rob Delaney needs to give his Father in Law and Dad Big Bucks. Not deer, CASH for Father's day
Thanks for the RT@!
White Sox fans are on par with OSU fans. Hate on Detroit and claim to be a huge White Sox fan, but you're wearing a Marlins hat to the game.
you need something to rebuild around. They have no one now.
i'd be a really happy camper if y'all would stop saying "YOLO" "swag" and "doe"
Bwahhh so nervous. SOON.
Happiness is a direction, not a place
The best part about being your own boss is that you can force your intern to go with you to see #TheHangover2 instead of printing new work!!
Man, you are flattering the hell out of us with all these RTs...
I wish I was born rich instead of good-lookin'!
has both a daily gummy and a PreNatal gummy! RT : “: I need a good vitamin any suggestions?!”....
Join Councilman TJ Dow at Faith Temple Church of God (7038 Lexington Avenue) for the State of Ward 7 address at 6pm Fri., April 13.
Quill: The Life of a Guide Dog opens The documentary-like story of a yellow Labrador Retriever guide dog for the blind named Quill. We fo
Trying to search Twitter for a # and need to see tweets up to a week old. Any suggestions on how to do that?
If you still don't know what to get a mother for mother's day you should probably just watch every other commercial
Won my first match <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00BE>
Come Meet a Band that Describes Themselves as a Cross Between Keith Urban and Bon Jovi then Download their Entire Debut Album for Free!
This ain't about music...this is about bein true to yo self first
RT No people, to lose weight just eat less than you burn off - you don't need to do fancy things with calculators and "sins".
I'm wondering what church will look like when I go to bed at 11pm and get up at 3:50am. Love church, hate not being able to sleep!
Do you know a good list of currently active library-related podcasts? I've found a few but info is stale. Thanks!
HEY we have to watch a #NYG game this season....you have to come and hit Ace's in San Fran with me wearing all blue :)
New guy/gal friday service for college students only. www.agentanything.com run errands for folks or companies and get some extra $
From our Spring Workshop Series: SafeLink Wireless will do on-site open job interviews March 15. Contact us for more info.
THE F-D-A WARNS...THE BATTERY-POWERED ARM + HAMMER SPINBRUSH...ONCE CALLED THE CREST SPINBRUSH CAN BE HAZARDOUS.
phone in one and the other holding the pants
I Aint Gone Ask For My Chicken Again !
I need food and a drink!!
Looks like sportsbook and players only to stop accepting us players as of May 1st. :-(
I think I need an accounting class to understand this data!
I made mac and cheese and all my step brother wants to do is play video games. FUCK YOU TOO
Chicago's great.
Cotto gotta GO!! It's time for the Cockyness to get knocked outta Mayweather!! 50Cent...Justin Beiner....Triple H....yea he's gotta loose
How appropriate that a horse named "I'll Have Another" wins on #CincoDeMayo. We'd all be fools to not take it as a sign.
can you please follow me and make this one of the greatest days for me :)
We just hope that the people that tune in have boxes!
Thanks to all who came out tonight! #BrownRiceComedy was a success!
Love Live Life Proceed Progess.
connected with you after the lake ..
Just witness my first fight in school. Feeling pretty accomplished.
I like Jones, but Hendo is the first fighter I ever liked. Even before UFC was popular. He can win, but it'll be tough.
Sure! Looking forward to the event on Feb 14. :)
o la la. The snail eater picks one :D
"feels so amazing" is when you when you know someone loves you for who you are.
When it's on the same day as 1st round, definitely. #PGATour RT Shouldn't Opening Day be a national holiday?
please visit again Your lake is here waiting for you.
Trunks opened.
Looking for #Legal #Records #Clerks with #LegalKey experience in Boston, do you know anyone with that background?
thanks jason
Our Newark BRIDGES High School Program: We need mentors, guest career speakers, after school Dance and Fashion instructors. Volunteer !
My followers <3 :)
that's funny drunk time rush lol
Makes sense. Well, maybe lunch sometime then.
the jury is still out on the one lnao
Love it! Glad you remembered! Love working with people building incredible things using
#mls Why has the video quality of the web streams from this Disney tourney been so jerky and low quality?
lol that's about it..
Journey to the Stars....Rock and Roll GUITARS!!! I Like To ROCK
Watching a good show on ! Most shocking! Love those shows
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I never smoked, I don't smoke, I can't smoke, I won't smoke....
UK makes u alter shots.. All mental... KU failed
omgossshhhh so excited <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2755>
Please tell me this happens before i attend the cavs game tom RT #NBA - Ellis to Bucks for Bogut, in five-player deal (via )
Luol Deng is the only Bull on the floor tonight that deserves to win.
This fuckin #twitter app won't let me follow nobody bak...
I'm actually talking about people being a system that transports blood thru the body. Duh
Hate my dad. Hate my dad. Hate my dad. Hate my dad.
I am rushing out for a bar as I type...yum
If you parked in downtown Portland and the kiosk refused to take your money, you can thank our #Veterans for that too.
Shittt me too! I'm soo bad at keeping up with Gossip Girl nowadays!!
So exciting to see so many Elite programs reporting such high ticket sales already!
I am do in love with Thank ful I get to work with them!!!
Have a great day and a awesome weekend guys <U+E405>
You'll get your VP fix soon ;) ..new music is comin your way......
You ready for some headlines? Tracking 2 forest fires. Record breaking heat tomorrow? & will John Edwards take the stand? Cu in 5
today is really just not my day.
7am Escalade limo ride to the city with Lauren to watch her be on an Anderson Cooper special
When was that picture taken? Doesn't really look like Jimmer.
hey bunnies Dolores is hopping
Okay mom jst keep bitching away..
#hategettingtold We do apologize for the inconvenience but we can't help you were stupid enough to buy a product from us.
The pain of having a broken heart is not so much as to kill you, yet not so little as to let you live.
Leaving out of Dulles to head to LAX! #GartnerBI Summit here I come! Excited to showcase the amazing power of
Pacers might give it to the heat
What?!?! How is that possible? Have you tried searching for messages with attachments and deleting those?
lmao! Be quiet. :o
I'm looking forward to meeting students! RT : Fall career fairs are approaching! We'll be at 5 FL schools - check our events
I'm using ALL Old Pick-up Lines in the Club Tonite.. "Yo Baby, yo Baby yooo!" "Say here Jiggy Mama!"
I love her...bottom line...I think about her all the time and it bothers me to think that if I went to that school things would be perfect:(
hey thanks! Most folks tend to forget what with Jesus' birthday and all. ;)
"I'm not a fucking role model, damn I'm only 16."
It's a clever trick that you can't get newer 3rd party Kontakt libraries without updating.
u sell so many tickets but no tickets?
I owe my girl K_A_V_A_L_O N major! She got me like 100 new followers! Follow her she can do same for you! I <3, respect that chick for this
I'll follow back as soon as twitter allows thank you:)
I can change your whole life.
Patio loungin son!
Congrats Dana & John! RT CNN welcomes future star political reporter Jonah Frank King born today to &
"Ondrusek" is Europeanese for "Stone cold"
I love how ur following me lol :)
haha some bartenders need to get more acquainted with that skip button
Shake That Ass Like A Strippa' !!
Congrats on the funding, great stuff!
RT if you love One Direction. <3
Going to the city tomorrow :DD
follow and please :D x66
Fish gear
the actors on secret life are terrible.
I'm too sexy for that
Love a #naturist discount vacation $100 per night visit us
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three.
Twitter is like a fridge. You get bored so you keep opening and closing it every few minutes to see if there's anything good.
This Dark Endeavor: The Apprenticeship of Victor Frankenstein
What!? Who made that a rule?
Now you will! haha
the year i was born the Record of the Year was "Beat it" by Michael Jackson- this seems fitting for a test tube baby.
i am a former civil war reenacttor with the 140th new york infantry company b living history organization
RT Everyone chill, and turn all heated emotions into well wishes for Eric McClure. All that really matters today.
Texting Buddies ?<U+2665> Dont be boring tho -.-'
#love RT : live ya life.
COUNTIN MONEY IS THAT SHIT RIGHT NEW LIL KIM AND MORE TO COME IRS IRS SOUTH WE MOBBIN BX NY IM ON THE WAY THE TOUR POPPIN IRS.
Free promotion ? need more followers? try the site on my profile. By the way. do you follow4follow? lets'!
Afternoon on Melrose with :)
Would you risk taking Santana 2nd/3rd round if he's going to be ready Opening Day? (non Met fan) Do like Johan though
I'll be there tonight.
Everyone Loves me i so aborble and i dont care if yall turnin gay after i leave because yall Butts!!! Stink!!!
I left my phone at home! Grrr
Eww I hate throwing up makes my stomach hurt ha your at work?
Great tag at 2nd! I love it!!!
Catherine McNeela: The best belters are classically trained.
that yoga retreat in Italy sounds divine! I might try squeezing it into my summer schedule. Thx for the info.
RT Prayer changes things. Pray BIG prayers tonight, God is listening.
Tequila, weed, guacamole = good time!
work from home business opportunity
RT R.I.P TO "DONNA SUMMER" THE QUEEN OF DANCE MUSIC!!
Q: Does use of the term "white masculinity" obscure the reality that masculinity existed before whiteness?
I swear TUMBLR is just so amazing. I love it so much.
Got a link to original?
": Sexland is still one of the hardest songs " Preciate it bro
These water bottle filling stations on the #UWT campus are a great idea.
what is going on with YOU???? what are u going through?? quoting romantic comedies??/ WTH??? lmao!!!
I just walked past a cop while carrying a prop shotgun in a garbage bag. He didn't look twice.
Watched #50/50, it is more powerful than #Philadelphia and funny at the same time. Great combination!
I hear ya I love that style
Not like that! I'm tlkn all the nasty booty wantin dogs. "Send me a pic"
Reading some internet on the iPad and then going to bed
Its sweet man! Finished up last night! RT : how did the song turn out bro
Done for today
“: #Libras are fair-minded and will tell the truth even if it puts them into the fire. #FairIsFair”
4-class day. Whew. Tried new instructional design content tonight. thx to zlatan. I did ok. Scvngr next week!
RT excited to record the title track Wild & Free from our new record. just jamming w/Pete & a drum loop, it sounds enormous.
I hate chemistry so so much. I want to die in a whole with this projectt. It's almost unreasonable.
eww, rather stay pale.
Been so long I forgot the name of your website. Shoot it 2 me Ma.
One of these days I'll get you guys to come out at 5am! Until then, enjoy your run...or catching up on z's.
I rarely attend a first rehearsal of my music-- but it's exciting to know the performers are upstairs working on it, while I sit down here!
Rufio, Rufio, Rufio, RU FI O! Who's coming to Rufio w/ Before Their Eyes, Veara, and Close To Home tonight at Shadowplay?
Gonna try and get me some new supplement for the gym, any suggestions fellers?
you still gonna make it to legwarmers
Excited to be going to Woodfire Grill tonight. (with Robbin)
Let us know what you think of www.googlebump.com
seriously? weird.
Listening to new record on vinyl. Absolutely love it.
can I change your mind
wow:O that crazy
Thanks so much!
also ripped our bunting.
Full-color printed documents: deliver your message with visual impact and maximum appeal. Contact us today, let our experts help you!
have to aim high!
If only I live in Texas , I can meet & his friends there at the beach
BITCHES better get off my man --I know that much!!
DING DING DING WE GOT A WINNER RememberTrust
thanks for the retweet! Have you signed the petition?
hahahahahaha ur funny.I would do the same thing
Cranking out 750 big books before I go watch the Padres beat the Cardinals again at 3:30. (@ Any Budget Digital Printing & Mailibh)
Stats, I am ready for you.
I want to play twister.
#mygraduationspeech follow me on Twitter .
Great news! Congratulations!!
Come join OVS for our Yom Kippur Break the Fast on Saturday, September 18 after Neila services. All OVS members and guests are welcome!
I am thinking of planting a bunch of Trees that block out all view of our house from the steet & the sides & behind - thats an earthly move!
Another stellar weekend ~ Inspiration is everywhere! Love to U all
Or beat your mothers.
Hi Marie-Claire, I'm relatively new to raw food diet. Looking 4 more than just smoothies & salads.
Memphis should be mad at hollins for always under valueing OJ Mayo..hes a star u cant keep him on the bench he gotta play to be productive
I just hope this contract is over with the PAC10 and Vanderbilt university
I'm watching and in "Radioland Murders" on Netflix Instant. Haven't seen this in ages.
I love finding a wad of cash in last week's pants.
Our last production meeting before load in/tech for NEXT. Another night spent at a table full of muses.
Agreed. Good times at
thanks for the follow ..
you guys are awesome...can't wait to hear about it
3 more hours of thinking then straight up moosh brains
I totally keep having that problem.
I hope they don't win though haha the grizz are my team
Is being inconsiderate just a guy trait
I guess it's better than being an anti-dentite!
My jersey needs to hurry up and get here
Vegan? We have your chocolate solution. Gnosis will be here on Sun. from 2-5PM for tasting of their yummy-in-the-tummy vegan chocolates.
ok check check and check I did
By the caliber of the prajectile <<<<<<<LOL:)
Hiking at Lake Hodges with the fam.
“: What's a HARD B.o.B song?” < do those two words even go together? LOL
I have been able to go to the doctor, because of insurance. Still not a fan of the individual mandate. But health is not a privilege.
So bored
I'm so sorry for the delay. Been sick as a dog out of the office. How can we help?
im gonna lol goodnight!
tell ME about it!!!
happy FRIDAY!!!! hope everyone has a short work day!!! :)
I am happy to take credit for today's gorgeous weather on account of my birthday! You're welcome, midwest!
Like RT : After this weekend I now know where I stand and I am in a much better place now.
#MLW12 tech panel with and #Lindblad moderated by
the people who hav highly and unnecessary attitude they deserve standing oviation of my tallest finger !
thanks for the follow - will be watching your tweets :)
Thanks - next they need to do the charity-focused startups :)
wahhhh :( the little picture uploading thingyyy doesn't like to work for me...
After my sixth cup of coffee, I feel like Mario after he gets one of those bouncing, flashing stars
Girl to her brothers on path who are ignoring my bike bell: Move! Can't you hear she's jingling her way through!?
To be successful, you must decide exactly what you want to accomplish; then resolve to pay the price to get it. -Bunker Hunt
#Burn. RT : I suspect I'll do more blocking today than the Broncos' offensive line.
Where does your company fit in this matrix of trends in the STM publishing world?
Fan:"does austin mahone have a youtube?" Mahomie: LEAVE. NOW. Get out of my sight and come back when you learn a little more about austin.
Welcome to the USC Family...you are a welcome and excellent addition.
Shizza, I hope she doesn't find Twitter
1 part down, 4 workshops to go! So far so good...
0 hrs till I explode from perpetual happiness. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3><U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3>
i am now
Rain makes corn, corn makes whiskey Whiskey makes my baby feel a little frisky
I really hate Mondays.
Happy Monday! The sun is shining here in Richmond, for now... How was your weekend?
Sometimes i love not been on the fone
Penultimate day before starting at Feeling excited, sad, overwhelmed, and little hungry.
someone tweet me , i wanna make new friends <3
Yeah! RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join & at THE PARK SPORTS BAR (6565 Babcock)
Draymond Green is about to take someones head off out there
lol, but its so bad
r u kinda on the petite side cuz u look tiny when ur standing up
Happy Anniversary!!
off to The Slap.com
Don't roust him like that!
Word. RT : If you haven't read The Magicians and The Magician King yet you're really missing out. Read them or die.
i need some air because all of you make me speechless. SO PRETTY, CAN I HAS? c:
wish mine felt like that
The White Zombie fails to come through. Used to be Fisher's role (make or miss, it still felt like more of a sure thing).
DM me man
You are going to the Onward Summit? That's great! I'll see you there!
really I'm sorry but judges have not a clue. Oh and what song was that...
Going to #London UK to ring in the New Year! Where will you be??
Actually disgusting that I've just paid £5.10 for a return ticket on the tram.
#wakemeup when Mark Stuart performs event on Sunday, June 19th!
Thanks! Only my daughter actually thought we might win — she's still a little stunned.
I seriously think I have a hang over from those 5 hours Energy little bottles, did 2 of them yesterday, did someone spike it!
We'll not only give you input on case strategy,but prepare witnesses for deps & trial,oversee focus groups,& advise on jury selection.
All I want to do is crawl in my bed right now... But I don't have a bed. Why do I have to move during finals week :(
check out the videos .
Good question dude, I havent listened to O&A Since they went to Sirius, so you got me on that one.. I just like the old shows.
Don't be a hater Tiffy ;) We got this!
Man, ion 'EEM know?! I don't get why she'd do that, she was aging well! RT yeah what happened to Lisa face????
Have a great weekend!!!
I'm appalled to see so many younger/teens so overweight wearing inappropriate length shorts. #StartDieting & #Exercising !!!
So much traveling and long hours the last few days it was nice to just have a relaxing walk with the pup and a chance to enjoy some coffee
I'd still be in that knockout game that's what!! Haha
between #netflix #internet #music #while all that's missing is my virtual helmet.
mr. know it all
follow me Mel!(:
1in every 100 americans are locked up. 1 in 9 black americans go to jail. STOP THE STEREOTYPES
Just saw Obama.
oh, that sucks :/
Happy hump day.
check you dm
#dh11 Math research suddenly got expensive research 10 years ago. Future of humanities?
YES."Don’t take photos, don’t tweet, put away the GoPro, just think about skiing and why you love it as much as you do." via
Aye, aye. Tomorrow post-talk.
Have you ever painted for so long that you see your painting even after closing your eyes to go to sleep?
morning! its lovely and sunny here in beantown too! birds are singing, and i'm sitting inside watching all things tennis....
: We posted this on the Sullivan St Press fb page today.
And now I am redecorating our teen room...my hat has changed for the third time today. :)
idk man they just did the song for the surf ninjas soundtrack
in 2010, deficiencies in America’s #roads, #bridges, and #transit systems cost American households and businesses more than $129 billion
caused by coming from the lower midwest, perhaps? I say...perhaps. although yeah, landslides not really an issue there.
i know right! so you are really 5-1? damn, i could do the benny hill head pat on you lmfao!!!
Wearing a shirt that says "Life" and handing out lemons to people
thanks!! can't wait to get it set up.
Success! next Candlelit Acoustic Thursday? Jan 12.
RT : Bring new, unwrapped toys, bikes and gift cards to for their annual toy drive at Sahara/Jones building
Jayden. Remember me? It's been so long.
This is even more awkward actually.
I've gotten use to these kind of situations already so it wouldn't surprise me but I really do hope its not like that
its better if u dont try messing with me;) kay?
I know. The wait will definitely be worth it. I've been waiting a long time for this!!!!
Right then:/ thought you hated her! But now your walking to school with er:/
People grow apart. Its natural. But what happens when you grow apart from someone you didn't want to?
Does anyone else remember that troops were sent to Uganda and they just disappeared from media scrutiny? What are they doing? They OK?
when you walked into my life at Game On. That's when.
Rainy Day Lyric: I was a-wunderin' when it would start a-thunderin'...
Morning world
what, he's not going to hit .420 all year? Chad Billingsley's going to give up a run?
Just made that exam my bitch.
Getting ready to go skating with the kids. Been a productive day, now for a little fun!
MOM: "If your friends jump off a bridge, would you jump too?" ... ME: "Uhhhmmm… maybe..how high is the bridge?"
Hello all.!..I have been absent and I've been going to school..Been very busy. Time to get a few posts in..Enjoy
crap. I was hoping it'd scale enough for my '08 processor + semi-recent vidcard, being from Blizzard and all.
maybe might have an idea.
Ron Artest is the Ol' Dirty of the Lakers. There's talent there and you root for him but are surprised when he steps up.
Was writing about failure when I failed to send the message with my tweet
I always forget twitter exists..
Perfect day to hang out on the patio
please follow me please!!:)
Forever not understanding the mind of
Come visit the JAMS booth at Open House!
Hey there I am here late sorry to you guys...reserve game
The idea is in thyself. The impediment, too, is in thyself. -Thomas Carlyle
. Thanks for the RT Eric! Loved your #Vegas updates last night! #Cheers!
hahaha no problem gurlfran! how'd it go?
I could live like this forever forever
Robbie Gould doing "Take Me Out To The Ball Game" off the top of his head. Making only minor mistakes with lyrics. Style, really.
is my guest at 4:40pm and at 5:40pm. They are both part of our Hometown Country Concert tomorrow night at Cal U!
tryin my best! try to find some new friends & stop bein so sad you left me.. i know no one can replace someone as cool as me...
Insecurity kills so never fall victim just be aware what ur partner is capable of and choose rather or not to deal with it
#ThatAwkwardMoment when Lebron James performs in the clutch.
Yeah!You are lucky!
Quick somebody name me a better drum intro than Hot For Teacher. You can't. Know why? Because there isn't one.
Bought to get into this Pauline epistles class wit Dr. Jeon.... Yessirr
Sometimes people just keeping digging that hole deeper and deeper LOL.
The penguins of madagascar is dat cartoon
omg bria! You gave in and got a twitter!
Corporate America dismantling public schools and creating the educational - industrial complex?
Just received our first official wedding present!! Thank you Hanson Family!
In such a good mood
Packers need to start Grant from now on. Starks looks like he is running when steel toe boots on.
"I knew it was going in. It came from the backside and right on the chin". Golf or porn? "she puts it in"
lol I just love him XD
#sacscoc We must build our infrastructure to make online ed work.
Sure Hahaha Hahaha Hahha I'm a bitch and has
Let the mini vacay commence!
I am the only person in my band who is not a Scorpio. I'm going to get stung.
The King rules over all he sees.
#MaraMonday Most Inspirational Moment was meeting youu<3 Now im more dedicated ICONiac then i ever was before(: thank you!
RT : Thanks to all our Packer fans that voted for and against me in the madden voting! Happy Wednesday!
Never watch 48 Hr mystery alone... even the creak from the refrigerator is creeping me out! :(
someone should really text me :(
okay well do me a fav and look at ur favs all of them not just ur recents look at them from days ago and look who in it
See you there!
This girl in my apt just said I hope Louisville wins that country in the united states is awesome Wow
and how about on your end?
#robbiewilliams told me the secret of his success , but its a secret so im not telling you guys.
is going to Utah! woo-hoo!
My chest is pretty red, please tan out by morning #whitegirl ;)
Good luck out there tomorrow!! Let's go up 2-0!!
inbox message me slice
ahahahahahah! AWESOME <333333333 me next??? NO?? :D love you... ~
Dont think Jason wants to follow me...***sadness*** Yet I live and breath....
How do Quesadillas and Wings sound? 5.95 for the Quesadillas and Wings are 11.95 for a 20 Wing platter.
fuck i think i got a cold
Having a good morning so far. A tall glass of H2O, mantra meditation and now I'm making my green breakfast shake! Play time w/the pup too!
A Senegalese friend thanked me for my "teranga" Can't tell you how good it feels to have my hospitality recognized.
We are happy to announce the attendance of the Los Angeles Citty Attorney !
Finally getting to see #TheHelp with my mom!
no she has... They stayed until school was out and she and kids came up in June. We actually bought here. Rented in CLT.
Awww... So true... Makes u want run them over with the Zamboni!!! <U+E105>
Wow! That rocked! I would pay money to see that act!!
30 pm, followed by a buffet dinner (roast beef and chicken) served at 6:30 pm
Wish mandatory training included: Douchebaggery 101, Asskissing, Passive-Aggressiveness, How to Act Like Your Working
I love the quote "Its so hard to sleep when my dreams keep me awake"! #follow back(:<3
Haha all too true.
Probably not until the summer, but I'm hoping that I can come for several weeks!
Off to #brandmatters tomorrow. Regan Hall Reinerth of National Marrow Donor Program shares their new Be The Match brand. See you there?
I can't imagine how terrifying that would be...
Day 92 of 100: I am thankful for waking up at 7 on a Saturday morning, and a super-busy day
yay:D I'm bored af though so we should meet up soon, text me
And the Sixers win!
lol... MY BAD!!!! Thank goodness you're a gentleman!
The things I do!!!!!!! Quiero undid-lo...
latest updates for worldwide south asian art acivities www.zanbeelart.com
Thanks for the follow
haha! Love it!!!
Richard Dawkins is speaking here tonight. Follow & tweet the talk at
I am quite disapointed that I didn't observe Yom Kippur this year, but I fast and reflect several days of the year to make it up for it...
either way no.
We'd love to have ya'll! Reach out to us at .
Truly. RT : "facebook is where you lie to your friends. Twitter is where you tell the truth to strangers." - unknown
Missing Milwaukee man Thomas Hecht's body was just found near the Milwaukee River. Such horrible news
Now taking applications for a boy with a car.
I'll b on Habbo tomorrow bye
They say "it can't hurt to ask", but it sure hurts when they say "no". #MomDidYouLikeTheShow?
Global companies bringing manufacturing back to US.why?increase labor and transport costs.#aspenideas forgot to mention lean manufacturing
This is the longest work week ever. Oh wait, its not really a week, that would only be seven days.
Fuck this bum.
Can't wait to be back in chi town!
Happy birthday to the only guy I know who can rock Nantucket Red pants out in Wisconsin and still appear manly
"Blueberry" Directed By: Matthew Sanger "Perry Street" Directed By: Antonio Padovan "The Getaway" Directed By: Ellen Novack
from me, an ITFC fan, I Imagine jewell/ we just (should0 hope somebody comes in for Ellington and peters, from the giist of
I would tell them they're wasting money cause you bought the tickets. :P
I will never kno why I disliked my uncle so much.....like I can't stand him wit a PASSION!!! Lol like that time I kicked him in da balls xD
I'm so thankful that you are here!
Been getting some great responses for the Bridal Show at Quest Conference Centers this Sunday, May 1st. It is FREE
DMcInvall: Georgetown County cultural heritage is mobile, distributable, and preserved -- b/c it has been digitized.
congrats on the show. DM me when you get the chance.
I believe that when we find our own flame and embrace it, an inferno will erupt.
at Nene's house maybe
#Working till 5am. Listening to the on the radio & looking for my Dicks tix. Labor Day Weekend.
love you baby!
There is a TV in the bathroom mirror of my hotel room. Cool or awkward?
guest speaking @ the Entertainment Tech Centre to top Hollywood entertainment companies on the value and benefits of #API Management
Pressuring me? lol
#factoftheday On this day 4 years ago I had the pleasure of taking 's hand in marriage! And I must say it was the BEST choice I made
No. Not even close.
I did not. Have a link?
#ABoyFriendShouldAlways send his girl good morning / night texts .
Hahaha ;) only this time, poke him and slowly drag him off stage for a little fun time. #ifyaknowwhatimean ;)
There are some fantastic alternate holidays in December. When I was a kid, we did St Lucy (13th) and St Nicholas (5th) days
Eph 6:23 Peace to the brothers, and love with faith, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Looks like a great meal to cheat on!
Gearing up for summer visitors means polishing up that logo and website. Need help? See Traverse Global, US 31 North, Traverse City
Sounds good!
will you marry me?
so addicted “: Fruit Ninja App for iPad. #addicted (this is NOT an ad)”
La Russa will probably accuse Casey of taking HGH
I love the position the NACCP is taking on New York Schools... keep up the good work..equity for all
Its Time To Step Ya Game Up ... Gottah Run Ya Credit Jus To Bring My Name Up !
No thank you!!!!
I need to see Project x...looks hilarious
of says he most respects in their space.
Green Latern was the CJ of DC movies. Throw him a fastball and it did damage, anything off speed and it was awful.
The Garnett Letter
Cool, thanks for sharing those! /
Great read from our fav web design mag on content strategy: bit.ly/vCg40y
If someone could invent a third cup of coffee that tasted as good as the first, I would buy that.
lol nowhere just work & school.....married??? was that supposed to be a joke? good one. uhm no.
Shout out from Funkotron in the middle of their set! Killer!!! :) they are rocking it! Http://massiverocketradio.com
Much better to be able to swing in just Spring and Fall though!
So voting for Pip on
Vanessa L. Williams: "I never thought of myself as beautiful." (Essence, May 2012) Whaaa... How does that happen?
feel better (:
Day 2 in LA is already funny and its only 6:15 am
Pretty much all I want to do right now is eat peppermint bark.
As a writer I assume? Write for anything notable that you are willing to admit to? :-)
yeah, the guy just sucks at life.
Is it just me, or are those commercials for MIO Liquid Water Enhancer rather ... creepy?
kills it on the new record.
hey i got a call folk folk from ARTISPR n they said im in their artist spotlight magazine cover,im like nah,lolo lets get it
All Gr8 ideas! RT : Ooh. Swiss chard salad, grilled Romaine salad, braised pork cheeks, schnitzel.
Between The Sheets #85 - Sex Tawk -- Me Love You Long Time
We agree! Thank you for visiting, gravy fries and all
good morning. Darling! :)
What do you call a fish with no eye ? FSH !
At Instituto Cervantes for the 1st U.S. showing of the #MiesVanDerRohe award.
Fox's new show #Touch is so unbelievable as in overloaded with coincidences, but I still like it.
Remember the 3 Rs after a workout! Re-hydrate, Re-fuel and Rest!
1 of the best ways 2 stay organized is 2 make routines 4 your errands, laundry, etc. Routines will turn 2 habits that cn optimize yr life .
Get Out .
Thinking of you and Gabby and the rest of the NASA family Met you at Nancy's home in Napa last summer. Very proud of you
bahaha yup! We sent a drink to Brent and told the waiter to tell him we said yolo matata
1: We should tax China and Japan 20% for all imported items. 2: All overseas aid will stop.
Waiting to get x-rayed, reading operations manuals
it's not rape! it's surprise kinky sex... where you die.
where you at homegirl?
Taking advantage of the after Christmas sales on 5th today with the PC. Not that I need to!
#BEARS - Get PEPPERS, CUTLER and HESTER out of the game! Especially PEPPERS with that bad knee.
Snap, Crackle, Pot!
Up oak hill
Today is the oldest you've ever been, yet the youngest you'll ever be, so enjoy this day!
How embarrassing is that! Just my luck. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
NBA owners sure have egg on their face today.
Move nervous lately. Must be due to less post offices on planet earth.
please followme back im sucha big fan i love yih so much (;
Its Birthday today? Then.. HAPPY 17TH BIRTHDAY KENTON! HAVE AN AMAZING, WONDERFUL AND MAGICAL TIME WITH FAMILY AND FRIENDS :)
Can any #Hawks fan explain why their team sucks so much? You guys have Hortford back. What's up?
The k probate!!!!!!! everyone looked GORGEOUS! CONGRATS TO ALL THE NEW AKA'S =) God bless yall
If you want to discuss triple net properties , please let us know
I texted Emily "I thought I'd talk a walk down men" when I meant to say memory lane. Haha embarrassing
Why does ms word spellcheck suggest replacing "kazillions" with "bazillions"? Aren't they both made-up words?
That's what the Kardashians do, they ruin it all :)
#fuckit for real
It's actually pretty good, even though Kris Humphries is an idiot haha
interesting bus experience last night where driver abandoned us for 10 minutes w/o saying a word. Is that normal in Canada?
subliminal mind tricks. Now you're thinking subconsciously about how you miss us.
anytime...I figured you would enjoy it. This was my first time ever hearing of sandplay
": #annoyingshitrubilikestodo SMACK YOUR ASS WHILE WALKING AND THEN WALK INFRONT OF YOU "o i like this trend
RT or tweet me if you think I should tweet more because I just feel like I'm a bit annoying ..
ha, still dont know what im doing
I LOVE YOU J-WOWW=) BIG FAN AND CAN'T TO SEE YOU IN THE NEXT SEASON OF JERSEY SHORE;)
A community leader just asked for a show of support by asking us to stand if we favor this law. We all stood up!
is certainly lamenting Chris Williams going on IR. She loves her VanderBears, & CW might be her fave since retired.
My bad not tomorrow but Wednesday
Quote of the night: Life is a waste of time and time is a waste of life, so waste your time and have the time of your life!
Thanks for #FF!
thanks! it was a fun project for all involved.
they probably don't
Wtf happened dude? Omg?
Fighting games are the only games where the character's scream random shit.
Come join us this weekend. UZi will kick things off with Thursday nights again. Hip-Hop and Dance beats all night, great drink specials. 18+
Son came home at 10:30 and needed laundry done for track meet tomorrow! It's ready to be put in dryer...so now I can go to bed.
In true HFStival style, we'll be announcing another music act and other special attendees. Stay tuned and spread the word.
we following you! :)
Have a car question? Let us know we can help! Whats your car worth, buying selling, body damage questions?
NYC: this saturday is at LPR..hope to see you there
We are washed out for today folks. Navarro/San Jacinto will resume tomorrow morning at 10am
Hallway Hijinks with He's in a fishbowl.
for some reason it super bugs me when people use too light of an eye shadow and not enough liner/mascara to define eyes.
In honor of #PiDay Classic Slice #pizza get $3.14 off any order of $20 or more for the rest of this awesome day!
So much to plan in such a little time.
fine! haha fo real tho, we love vb! im sure we'll be through there when we start touring again :)
took him 4 months to get in shape. Also removal of Nate led him to stop pouting and/or purposely tanking. Not good signs.
Omg!! Has me ROFL!!! "Are you thinking about converting to mexicanism?" God I Love you!!
Post a picture please! Also tell your neighbors & put some "dirty" clothing outside so she can track you if she's disoriented.
Excited for #AmericasCup tomorrow with the team! We'll be sailing with the #PacificVoyagers to Broadway Pier bright and early!
Did anyone go to the huge Lululemon Sale in Rosemont today? Cc:
Are you OK AgLeadership?When I was in the Ca program we were hosted by yours including an unforgettably beautul eve in GeneAutry
but there going to hell..and they all live in fucking Utah.
This Girl Needs To Call Me
not much. The same thing
Oh ok
Someone have a bad day?
Roll call of first round voting in US Senate race endorsement begins at
NO I DIDN'T GET A RT :(
Attention Starbucks addicts! Help me understand the difference between regular brewed coffee and Caffe Americano.
No he didn't just sneak a neck kiss!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> I'm feelin mad violated
On this day, may we be reminded that we should build, not destroy. We should plant hope, not despair. We should love, not hate.
That would be awesome!
I Don't Know Any #boringprequels...Unless You Mean Hannibal Rising, Casper Spirited Beginning, Wolverine, Dumb & Dumberer, and Batman Begins
Nice day out gotta start it early
The lyrics and music video to BrokenHearted in completely my song right now... He left me broken hearted last night.
Some people see more in a walk around the block than others see in a trip around the world. -Unknown Author
Top 3 Church Leadership Issues- Don Cousins= Evangelistic outreach, equip members for service, Solve relational issues
Chi ass need to be sleep too!
many thanks for the RT's. A huge help.
absolutely false my #cubans see Obama as a liberator from CONSERVATIVE GOP ABUSE in ALL ASPECTS of life, ECONOMY to civil rights
Port St Lucie Pain Management Group Now Accepting New Patients
Us history class is lame today :P #bored #tired blah
haha I just know!! Freaky I'm shy <U+E412><U+E412><U+E412>
i beat the heat. major programming breakthrough... no A/C necessary. we cooled off the old fashioned way- water.
The worlds oldest man is on the course right now, has been for at least 2 hours, and I don't see finishing anytime soon...
shiet son...when i'm in a writer's groove, shakespeare wakes the f*ck up, reassembles, and then MELTS cause it's that good.
Let's keep our minds open. That's the primary rule to even start to understand the awakening of 2012.
Yes, I just used the word "hooligan" in normal conversation.
Am fairly certain it is a crime to do stare at Excel on a day like this.
Follow me I love fitness; I am the princess of swim & gym!! And I have been the agent to many soap stars
Just got my ears double pierced :)
I m wondering if #jermeylin will muck up peoples basketball experiences as
ok mom luv ya~
He's MVP b/c he performs when it counts
It's National Nurses Week! Thanks to all the nurses that save lives! Including my mommy!
>.< I need a break from babysitting or I'm going to lose my mind!!
Cutting the first half of your essay and making it the last half of your essay. That's revision, right?
Teeth cleaning in effect right now
RU Faculty! On 10/31 IT will delete Banner course data from Bb that was active from Spring 2010 and previous terms. See announcement in Bb.
Atlanta's settling for three FGs in the Red Zone has contributed to this ending.
nerves of steel on that four wide! Awesome to watch
What is the tool?
$.25 rise in gas prices today...Not acceptable!
Or ask the guy what the capitol of Thailand is.
Giants better come back
Well hello to and and and !
Tracy McGrady is sitting there right now thinking "God dammit"
Good luck ever finding someone who put up with all of your shit as long as I did.
Giants didn't make any mistakes today, we made ALL of them
been out for 2 years in promotional products indusrty great seller.
I'm soo freaking tired, but still have a lot more to do..ugh :/
Great four wheeler ride yesterday with the #MudHogATV people down in Portsmouth. There were 61 ATV's. That will place 2nd in my rides..
Like if you care
are you in mke tonight?
please. And figure fitting dresses.
Coopers being SO good right now! Hasnt tried to attack me in the last hour
Sick skating today .
Where's my Twinny?? :(
Finally going to my first #minnebar campus on April 7. Looking forward to learning & connecting. Like to see sponsor.
Need a shawty
Your Welcome!!!!
That's true. I think that's actually a good sign. First come the early adopters, then the next wave…then friends.
Despair can ravage you, if you turn your head around and look down the path that's lead you here. Because what can you change???
IT'S TEBOW TIME
Congrats to my friend PG Peeples on his election to the Chair of KCTCS. A very big honor for a very good man.
I LOVE CHUCK-E CHEESE!!!! HAHAHAH! <33
Ignited your #AudaciousFaith RT : Reading Sun Stand Still. I have a very audacious prayer for my life right now.
Francona or Oquendo RT : Well, now what? Who is a good fit for the Birds on Bat?
I guess everything bad comes in 3s.
when men u aint heard from in ages pop up outta no where, hittin u with a lyric or two n expect u to just hop back on that band wagon?!<< NO
-would it be useful to get your final grades through a mobile app?
This isn't an office. It's hell with fluorescent lighting.
Horrible penalty there by Hendricks in the O-zone and down 1-0
On the APA roof, waiting to see Discovery shuttle fly by us.
I would look like a complete dumb ass with out auto-correct
They talk behind my bitch back they must of seen her ass then
Okay so Touch just got really intense!!
oh and also, that Grimm episode was awesome but also slightly disappointing. I thought it would be more epic.
Oh look, its your girlfriend on your twitter (; <333
MSU, Jayhawks, badgers, brewers rugby world cup all playing at pub today lia, Sara and Andrew holding fort down
on Earth everything changes but change itself. In heaven nothing changes. God is constant. Praise God above all.
call again!!
Major disappoint. Maybe I'll just get an iPhone4. Moving up from my antiquated 3 will still still be huge.
Information isn’t power - the ability to fascinate is power.
<U+200E>[Campus Bulletin] After our introductory free giveaway today of our new official iPhone app, it will be sold through the GT B&N for $85.
Have you ever seen such a thing?
.: Thanks! If my replacement wears a cape, you'll know I was successful.
thank you ;)
Happy p day!
Lakers going home tonight!
Getting tweets sent your phone and feeling like he's texting you >>>
RT : how boring is twitter lately omg
'people like coldplay &voted for the nazis. you can't trust people...'
Here comes the waterworks.
word? yall leaving me out. no doubt.
olivia pope is fierce
at work on twitter and im mad as hell fuck this shit im tired
i love you.
are u single cuzz I love to mingle with u
"I'm not gay, I just want to boogie to some marvin."
by poison you mean seamen
My favorite thing.. BEAT the SPURS!!! #GoCLIPPERS!! RT : What is there to do in San Antonio?
Pissed all my favorite people is on the west coast and I'm out here on the east with a broke jaw and lonely!
I swear we are going to have snow ball fights in June
35th Annual Leadership Development Institute in the morning!
IM SURROUNDED BY BEAUTIFUL LADIES!!!!!!! #KlusozsSaturdays Bring yo ass!!! Dress Nice tho
why having bday in the summer is pretty kool...un like mine,mine in the skool time
HOLY SMOKES. Getting quotes on car/home insurance & looks like it will be 1/3 of what we pay now. BANANAS!
Figures on the day of my exam our nice weather would go away
I'm fluent in three languages: English, Sarcasm, and Profanity.
My folks just had to unpack the carefully packed POD b/c it was twice the allowable weight at 12 tons. Something about #hoarders ?
Todays mothers day and shit I already got my mom some shit so im good
thats coolio. :-) my family always gets together on st. patty's day to drink and grub all day lol. Ill be at my gma's house You?
they try to spit game but luckily i'm ahead of all their play-time activities.
Why would you say that!?!?! Lbs
I hate this guy, homeless mother fuckers just moochin off my mom. Thinkin hes all that, yet u have no job no nothing and came from a shelter
I'm looking for a few good friends to ride motorcycles with. I've got a 2007 Harley Fat Boy
open your miiiiinnd
The Links Are Up On www.watchnhllive.com Check Us Out To Watch All The Hockey Games.No More Missing Games.Go Register Today!!!
Thank you!
": Google "Let It Snow" and it will be frosty in Arizona for sure."
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!!!
Follow back:)
RT : Coming up with alternates to the city of Chicago's new theme song is an absolutely killer way of putting off work
yes we need to Skype soon ! I wanna meet you.
Hmm!! Cats! [: There Just Cute!! Love There Whiskers And There Soft Tail! haha
Can You Smeeeeelll What the Rock is cooking!!!
RT : One of the tests of leadership is the ability to recognize a problem before it becomes an emergency.~ Arnold H. Glasow
I'm SO happy that Aaron Rodgers isn't going to be on the cover of #madden13...hoping Calvin Johnson gets it!
Never hold back on a hug or a smile. It may be the only sunshine some people see all day :)
I have major crushes on my sergeant and staff sergeant <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>oh those marine men.. I think that's how I get through class, is that bad?
Done! <33 I voted for London. (:
#TheHungerGames WOW! Just finished the premier event tonight and was blown away!
We are always sharpening our list of great places to eat in each city! Whats good in Charlotte?
Unfortunately no. This was just a one-time event.
Oklahoma misses you!!
Well guess we going to Vegas for my bday
SAME HERE.
I KNOW I FORGOT MY PASSWORD
just give him some margaritas and he'll be fine!
#7: Involve key stakeholders in the process. Important to establish a mtg schedule for #CRM needs. You can determine program pilots.
- Awesome job yesterday Giants, let's see more of the same today and get Zito another win! www.WeBeGreater.com
glglglgl! I'm glued to my computer watching updates! (for you and )
Then you need to hit Bill the Butcher or The Swinery here in West Seattle. Unbelievable. RT : I LOVE PULLED PORK!
Just read everything about the Packers that you can find. It helps. As does rocking back and forth in the corner.
Attention everyone, Re-Tweet if you think #burritos are filling
following a boyfriend or girlfriend - great stuff for fiction.
My sincere condolences to the family and friends of a fellow veteran and community hero, David Wallace.
sweet! Maybe I'll do the same. What good are they if nobody sees them? (my biggest facet that needs improvement haha)
your welcome. :) how was your day?
Can't wait for tonight <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
“Then I told them about how the gracious hand of God had been on me...”
Thanks! I'm trying my best.
what do you think about the mlb moves so far?
they seem to be fumbling well and the coaches are doing a good job challenging the plays.
If Gerald Wallace has two more good years left in him, Rudy to New Jersey for Wallace ST and Anthony Morrow is interesting
It's Friday time to Get Stinky :) Hope you all have a good one!
"Shake it like a Polaroid picture"
Congratulations on the #2 spot for 2011...here's hoping to the #1 spot in 2012 - best of luck!
that picture is hilarious
At the Queen City Poetry Slam at Rohs Cafe in Clifton! Get here to check out Floetic Flo...
Matt's ShowUp segment will be on Ch 3 at 9:10 this a.m. Do you, the audience, have any questions you'd like him to answer???
Fucking hailing again. I give up on today.
Surprising/friendly/drinking/Midwest-renaissance -5 words to describe Milwaukee to someone what would you say? #MKEDAY RT
I swear, Close Your Eyes is such a great band. It really is a shame that Shane left.
Wow. You'd have to peel me off the ceiling :)
So many school librarians jobs...
Did any of our followers see last night?! What did you think?!
you're a woo girl
if you want something let me know!
Is Watford a pro?
#FF He starred us once. It felt really good.
49.12% Jonas Bro's : 50.88% ! Tf is this ? Jonas brothers careers are dead & gone .
(1/2) Former UT Editorial Page Editor Robert Kittle speaking at the La Jolla Golden Triangle Rotary Club this morning:
Sounds good to me!...if decide you wanna part with the alembic preamp let me know!....peace ...Lester "Lammy" Johnson..
#nascar # californiacostumes Head2Head: Hendrick or No. 11 -- which will hit 200 first? Denny Hamlin's win in the No. 11 last Sunday at K
About to get on the plane and fly off to paradise..
tried ? MT US city w/ the best ice cream culture? I thought #Boston but.... hello #Columbus!
“ Show me that yu care about US !!!”<=
Volunteering at the animal shelter this weekend. Even though it's winter I hope we can find warm homes for the kitties!
waiting for at Campbell green while we are playing with the central Americans
I saw you sitting at the table across from me but I think you left early.
Ay we on Bob Marley now..what wud we do without lauryn hill & a whitney tribute to open...GN fab way to start CIAA
The awkward moment when my conscience has a british accent so I can't focus on what's rite or wrong cuz I'm so mesmerized :)
So damn excited for the new year, i think im gonna make up a new religion this year n convert 2 it. I need #somethingdifferent n my life
RT : RT : Where can I get a card?--> By going to MyTallyCardz.com
Thanks. Love it when we hear from music educators.
Manny Garcia; great speaker
There is nothing that cannot be done when true concentration is applied.
The Worlds Largest Block Party - www.worldslargestblockparty.com
Talk.to : Best chat across Facebook, Google talk, Pingpong &amp; SMS ...
Ace of spades tonight !!!!!!
is hosting a NJ in the Westfield area!
sounds about right.
Excellent reference. Your stock continues to go up.
make something today, that will remember you!
Went to ask CNA for a blanket. Caught her reading. To my delight it was CATCHING FIRE. Yes, we talked Katniss. Reminded me I'm a writer.
"The Flaming C is on the hunt!"
i'm sure it will! We will see!
Privacy balance can be kids v adults or kids rights v adults responsibilities
Great idea on cloud computing contracts, if you go out of business, we get the source code.
STORY OF MY LIFE!
Today is gonna be alright :-)
uhm no..not everyone. only when they're to afraid of posting pics of themselves
My sister cleans, cooks, and looks cute all the time. Why is she single again?
It's some type of life milestone when you look at a pretty big bruise on your body and have no idea how it got there.
Hey Tedd - Congrats on the album.
Everyone Tweet me #selenatorsrocktheworld and ill RT it
yea Wednesday sounds good. But text me cause i have an appointment that day
He admits he made a mistake! Boi pleeze thats more like a BLUNDER!!!
"sometimes we let perfect be the enemy of good." Food for thought
I just want a day to go by...when I'm not pretending to be happy.
#DenverRepresent me some tracks then!
Their driving home drunk. Oh no they always do this their fucking dumb asses sometimes -.-
You're welcome!
Archie is gonna be AWESOME
Don't forget to fall back everyone! Turn your clocks back tonight :)
Got some fan mail today... I guess I do have fans after all
Thx for the RT! From a Finance perspective, those stats have magnified impact from re: sustainability and risk management
#marketingFAIL RT : looks like we're on the same page then. nothin' like the meat of five guys so close to my face.
yeah, I've heard zumba is fun, but I lack coordination, so we will see what happens! :)
come on, gotta leave room for more discussion of beaded bracelets
Which team is cutting down the nets tonight? UK wildcats or KU jayhawks and what will the score be?
Thanks for the tweet Jeff!
are you sure? I just ordered McDonalds and Curtis was working the drive thru.
love the jacket!
Good luck to all of the contestants competing in the Pennsylvania International Pageant this weekend!
Tennessee Volunteers ‘T ’ Toe Ring – Sterling Silver Jewelry
See you soon!
We are totally okay with that plan. : )
Dave Meltzer is reporting early estimates for #UFC 145 at 700k PPV buys. Good result. Hope UFC can build on this momentum.
Yea yea yea tell me anything
hehe nice!!! One day Madison tweeted me 7 times & RTed & abunch of other stuff lol
Madison makes me happier than my hometown
On #NCLSky w , , and others for
Don Ursillo just asked #JerryRemy who ties his ties, his wife or the guys from
happy to hear you're having great workouts! When's your Bday party? Next weekend?
i got yo back in this beef with funk flex he always turn on ja rule for 50 you never did that
My bbfl loves u!! Worships u!!Do u think u can RT and DM me a happy birthay letter for her it would mean the world to her + me
Will you please follow me. You have helped me follow my dreams as an actress and singer. P.S. Your really pretty :D
u deserve more than that hun ;)
My bro decides to poke me with this thing pretending it's a taser...
Gun rights and voting rights are apples and oranges when talking about IDs. I can't kill someone with my vote.
Hearing & Johan fight at the moment.
Its hilarious that Bill Murray ran around the bases n slid into home before throwing out the first pitch
ok. I can't see spam on my iPad. I will check my home computer as soon as I get home.
You don't go on tour to run away from problems, you go on tour to find the solutions. Life is good.
": My TL is dry like dust right now" im saaaaaayin smh
- what gave me away? The fact that I told almost 2000 people I was cheating?
So pleased to see the updates still coming and the attention still growing. Wish you guys weren't 2000 Miles away.
He's the man. Are you reading this for a class??!
Wanted, #CAPS #certified #OT, #Interiordesigner to work with #AIP clients. Contact or reply to this message. Cheers
At the Bite Me Gourmet Sausage cart, Colorado Springs CO
will not let me follow you back and I can't figure out why~BAMM.
This guy next to me in the changing room wont stop complaining
Remember when $5 movie tickets were ridiculous?
I have tons & tons of homework
Planing New year is not easy people not at all
Watching #Brewers and #Cubs. Love it, even if it is only spring training!
Finally nearing the end--down to the last 2000 files! The number showing in System Preferences did stop updating for a while. (?)
High Five to all my friends who ran in the Warrior Dash yesterday! Congrats!
If Johnny pulls his pants down, I'm out.
Another night of cleaning, this time I don't want to do anything
Motion #1 passes! Motion #2.....passes!
Never keep no weight on you ! Them cats tht sqeeze your guns Can hold jums too
I have the highest standards of integrity and ethical behavior. Contact me for a long list of references.
i'm glad your getting so much sleep right now. I went to bed so much later than you and woke up so much earlier.
<U+266B>Reach Out And Touch Me<U+266B>
Hey guys, we have some good news! We'll tell you guys tonight! Retweet so people can follow us too!
Rain, rain go away....
I Look Cute, But I Forgot My Ear Rings "/
Speaking on the topic of #microfinance and how is changing the industry by providing #transparent #accounting tools !
I love you
i know right
&%!*$! ...all the weird soccer fans are crowding the Terp Zone for this match. Gonna root for Man City to spite them.
PEACE AND LOVE TO YOU...
Sorry to have missed last week's concert, hope to catch a Reely Dan show soon!
Guide Cam APLC leverages mobile to create social intelligence to "modernize museum ops" via M Fitzpatrick
-______- no I'm not jerk ha
thanks Emily!
Congratulations Ben Centra! You've won a raffle prize. Come claim it at the registration table.
fa show lil cuz haven forgot you get at me might MHSU
#WhOoP QT : About to drop a new beat who wants to hear it?!?!?
Up here at this beat battle watching my nigga clean house one time.
help me gain followers please! xoxo much love.
Pretty sure I just delivered to a Catholic School Girl party.
I can't make you love me <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
Goal of the weekend go to plainfield and see a chinchilla anyone wanna take me?
#ASDay My MG novel Devin and His Shape-Shifting Sister is a resource for the young autistic community. Can't wait to see it in small hands.
God's refining fire can be a doozy, but oh so powerful Malachi 3:3! Blessings.
I wish I had a recipe for you that I could follow. If only it were that easy
Just signed up for a bunch of My Learning workshops and TBTs for the next couple months!
What a great Cjefs Up Front event tonight! Now after party
Too Many Distractions , To Get It On And Poppin
Watching Disaster Movie with Brisa and my sister. Haha! I love this movie ((x
Change your routine this weekend. Get outside. Remember, things that matter most must never be at the mercy of things that matter least.
the numbers are getting close to ours?
DELAYED X 30...that's how many flights are in front of us waiting to take off!
Thanks man. You too.
type bored...i miss him soo much </3
your fate is inextricably bound:) Im so proud of you
Thanks much! And thanks for spreading the word :D
how lol :P ugh I don't want to do my hw and study but I have to raise my grades up to get tickets shit
You just got to love those :)
You should watch the thirty minute video clip on youtube to help raise awareness to his sick crimes.
Very inspiring story.
From Ethiopia, coffee spread to Egypt & Yemen, and by the 15th centennial had reached Persia, Turkey, and northern Africa.
hahah. It's why i should never go on quiz sites. xD
how come u take dumps while taking a crap, but not while ur peaing?!
Lmfaoooo. “ narrean's boyfriend lives on my street ! ”
What are some alternative #soicalmedia tracking programs to
Hotels are expensive, given the fact that we primarily use them for sleep.
have fun tonight. I can't wait till i can see your movie. Have lots of coffee & maybe on of those 5 hours energy shots
Ad in Talking Stick pg 29 looks great!
M ... heading to Maxies for dinner. Can't wait!
because I'm not doing nothing
You're the type of woman (Deserves good things) Fistful of diamonds (Hand full of rings) Baby, you're a star
You didn't say "every tweet is an extroverted statement" you said "everyone on Twitter is an extrovert" :)
..just wants to sleepppppppppo
Appreciate that bro!
Before tests I pump myself up like I used to before a football game.
I said my last tweet with still a smile, love you all as much as I love life <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Watching a live screen of a friends wedding in Nairobi Kenya. Wow!
Diane Keaton Kisses!
It's only an interview for the job of your dreams .... here we go!!
thanks joel!(:
For all of the people who follow will get a shout out from! P.S The dude is freaking cute! (;
It's happening NOW!
batman arkham city headed my way via gamfly
Today tells House Higher Ed Ctte abt SPH’s research tracking lung disease amg Iron Range taconite workers.
Update: she apparently was just joking about needing to use the bathroom. My sister may soon kill her first-born.
YOUR PERFECT TO ME !8
About to sign off on the lease to this #sagrad apartment
So sick ugh
I've written so much today I'm not entirely sure I even exist anymore.
No, she really said that. She's been engaged multiple times, but is now a (born again?) non-engaged person?
Follow us Friends and get back followed
True. Distasteful's a better word.
Thanks for the mention!
you guys are crazy :) xoxo
Bahahahahaha that is hilarious!!
I just threw up in mouth a little.
it'd be worse if you needed the checkbook to pay for the beer
Thanks! You are too kind. I appreciate the nice words.
Bitch you wasn't with me Shootin in the Gym...
: If #SecretAgentMan appears he will be heavily photographed. No doubt.
Omg Carly keeps getting hack lol.
speaking of following the glitch must've unfollowed here too. Follow again? ;)
So awesome!!! It's funny how small the world is, isn't it!? Well guess what? We have a NEW CD coming out in a couple months!!
Twitter was made for mocking. I am OK with that.
alright cat. Glad to see you finally throwing down live. Keep smashing. VI in da building.
Area rugs add Christian Louboutin Shoes extra charisma to your place - area rugs cheap
#iamceltic brandon bass, glen davis, von wafer, micheal pietrius, and kenny anderson
thx you. Glad u liked the songs. More to come soon
TONIGHT...It's the LBT Takeover March Madness Edition...Part Deux!!! We kick the party off at 11p...you don't want to miss it!!!
so bring on the rain... and bring on the thunder (:
would go to facebook and look up Trysten Abdulghani and im not spanish im american well indian with irish please look at me
how is yours better? I think so in my circle box.
Written exam in english .. DONE!
Not understanding the fuss about Gauguin. Decorative colonialist exploitive fantasy if you ask me (nobody did)
He don't shake hands with substitutes? Oh okay.....he need to shake hands with a psychiatrist.
What's the issue?
I love being on the phone for hours
Last night I dreamed that I roller skated everywhere. Funny, I wasn't any better at stopping than I am in real life, though...
Goodnight and Wish you a great Happy Birthday :)
. Great to hear! Plus, for registering online, you'll get a $20 gift certificate to
What I am Looking For... Is not out there It Is In Me. ~Helen Keller
I have now been in class for 45 minutes and my professor still has not started his lecture...
Counterfeiters took $5 bills, washed the ink from them, and then color-copied images of $100 bills onto them—then they spent them in Clovis.
hahahahaha that's some funny stuff. ..I think about that sometimes. Lol
Seriously. I have the headline of my new site working with Gotham and FitText.js, but had to switch to an image for launch.
Should follow a very talented young man who's name is Dylan Holland. He really looks up too you :) <3
Moscato & Lime Vodka...its going down
lol that sounded like a very official reply handsome lol I'm lookin forward to seing u n shelly baby when I get home 2 :D
Two fruit trees arrived in yesterday's mail at home -- so I have work to do tomorrow!
Another rainy winter day in Boston. Where is the snow??!?
Welcome back! Anyway I could get an autograph from you tonight?
Of course!
Buster Posey just went yard to put the #SFGiants up 2-0 in the first.
omg just changed my background with my own edit aym<3
Best part of my day nap time
lol wow girl you are ruthless! Lol :) but that's why I love you!!!
Good job HHS cheerleaders!! #RedskinNation I'm proud of you girls ! <U+2764>
HAPPY EASTER <3
If I wasn't feeling so horrible, I would def. skip and go to the choir room to sleep.
Omg mama I don't want you and Austin to move it not gonna be the same </3 when r u gonna come back?
Attention: Votto. That is all.
feeling positive! 2012 is going to be an incredible year! I feel oneness more and more each day :)
//Why don't #NFL #stadiums carry #wifi like #Airports do? Seems like a cheap upgrade w/ high upside to in #game experience.
what????? What's your problem, who pissed you off.
Awww bummer =( we will be back in a year so you'll just have to mark your calendar now!
everythings been going great. How are things with you?
- thx for the holiday wishes. same to you all -
FER SURE MAYBE, FER SURE NOT, FER SURE AH, FER SURE BOMB.
going to tonight?
shit, im german, why cant i just have the stupid accent.
RT : hate exams, love skipping classes
i hear u the fans and support r what keep us going! Thank u for taking the time to respond I kno ur busy :) keep in touch
amen, I should have given up a long time ago.
I'd love to know if you get in there to run the stairs! I've been wondering myself.
cause I want too
Follow for events at this amazing nightclub located inside Route 66 Casino! Exit 140 on I40 just West of #Albuquerque!
Currently at 4,444 Followers. Nice!
MBFWA Street Style Snaps: Day 2 - Pedestrian TV
AP world ftw :)
I can honestly say I have never seen anything like this before in my entire life..
"Time stays long enough for anyone who will use it." Leonardo da Vinci
PLoS Metrics update daily. What they pull in from PubMedCentral is aggregated Monthly.
After I clean my room I'm cleaning my car <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
At the shop ready for a long day!!! Hope its better than yesterday!
Tonight's Kings Harbor show is CANCELED due to rain.
I swear these lunchables get smaller and smaller
I liked it. I dig his stuff. Killer Workout is a hoot.
you asked how bloggers could get a seat, I was replying.
I Just might watch Bill Murray's GroundHog Day movie 2nt :) it's been awhile...
Can't thank for all of the help & support<3
Yes, yes, you've proven more than capable of turning a mediocre trifle into a full-blown waste of eleven minutes of life, well-done, my dear
"designer baby" sounds heinous, but it's 2 allow parents to ID embryos with genetic disorders.The headline is sensationalized.
why? does Red Gragon give you the toots?
Your name came up in our meeting today . . . very complimentary :-)
He acts mean to you and you go back to him.
I'm watching friends and it made me think of :o
not much...u?
I've been looking for new tatt models I'm about to blow up large, people just don't know what's about to happen.
Cool, have a good sleep, bro.
I get to watch the Today Show since I dont have school today. FUCK YEAH, YOU GO ANN CURRY
it's ridiculous. I've read something like 30 books off it in like 7 years. Sigh.
I want to hold Harry, and never let him go.
I like to work & binge drink.
Nobody can be so amusingly arrogant as a young man who has just discovered an old idea and thinks it is his own. Sydney J. Harris
Nope, Avenue B. The joy is spreading everywhere, one set of green fuzzy antennae at a time.
why not ha..sugar's sugar. I don't care haha. but there is one more thing.....i sleep naked
i'm coming beginning of April IA, are u excited as hell
lol anyways, how was your day.?
Not yet, but thanks for the suggestion. We are planning this in version 3.1.
I'm sorry you felt lonely. well, okay. I don't but I wanted to reply. :3
Mercado Named CWPA Southern Division Coach of the Year; Four Bears Named All-South
getting more things to my lettermen jacket
damn girl!
hope you're playin and havin fun on you island in the sun. Thinking about you come visit soon!
The update of the Alien siren-like noises in the #Prometheus trailers may be the most exciting aspect for me.
Best in the world at what I do.
#patthebat is on the field tonight? Going to be a great game win or lose
One of the best seasons.
"Control is an illusion" eh ... So then I shouldnt try to control my smoking and lack of exercise... -_-
Looking forward to seeing McCallister pitch tonight.
Mufasa jams tonight!
Saw your RSVP come through, so looks like the tubes unclogged themselves. See you in Austin!
dang. Try to work yea huh?
very neat thing to say! Wish more folks could be like you! XO!
CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "This is a lot of fun." by Evelyn
Gordon Gerson is out with the new commentary "Fast and Freddie (And Don't Forget About Fannie"
Hmm...I don't like getting dirty. Can I just come party after with you?
If you can't find any Cadbury Cream Eggs it's probably because ate them all. Sorry folks. Maybe next year.
Dear everyone: stop trying to turn on to exchange st bridge. sawhorses on conklin end, flood wall on other.
So how have you been entertaining your kids today? Did you drag out the sprinklers?
Savory meat pies, history-inspired menus 2011 trends
" that's what I like to hear"
so tried and I have to get up early, but I need to work on my anatomy & english project!
": Girl, you're pterodactyl fly..."
Hidden Valley Ranch. <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
And the way Religious people talk about people in general, please give me a break.. religion is the downfall of the world
you know it! haha.. see you soon:)
Burpees suck even more than beepers.
You may also fundraise for your travels abroad!
its all about reciprocity! lets go squids!
Thanks for the shoutout!
what they saying?:O
+1 RT Assuming that Baltimore is not going to be very much different, I hate this news.
I'm listening to #Tomaso's Concerto a Cinque for Oboe, 2 Violins, Viola, Cello & Continuo No. 5 on
Omg i cant wait for #Aday! So i can prove wrong ;)
We done lost my grandma in the casino! Smh what a mothers day lol jk
We all do it. Should tell u something...RT : Parents: is it acceptable to use electronics as form of reward and punishment?
A buddy of mine just got his first smart phone. Said he doesn't want a twitter account. What's a smart phone for? hehe
Want to know what the fastest Android device is? The new Android performance benchmark is coming out soon!
if "Reverse Polish Notation" means that the answer to every equation is "53778008", then YES!
Excited to try your truck for lunch today! Rallying the team for some good eats :) Come out with us & !
MAGGIE! I dang miss you too.. like, A LOT. I hope your summer is going awesome!!!!! :D
Is not afraid of the jazz.
Every song on it was bomb
BE SURE TO CHECK OUT MY FAVORITE BEAUTY BLOG .. good stuff.....
Recents shoots include Temple University, some corporate and industrial shoots, and a marketing seminar. More cool shoots coming up...
i cant believe im going to be a senior next year.
My inner lesbian approves Velvet's ring gear!! ... And Velvet in general ^-^
Cover it with bacon! Done and done.
Never forget a good deed any person does for you.Take time today to remember. It can clear out the cob webs & create clarity.
The guy in my office must do 17 seconds 7 times then! That beep gets mighty annoying to hear...
I see a red door and I want to paint it black...
Ahh!! My teeth hurt ;/ I can't sleep :(
Almost everyone kills the C's on the boards. C's instantly win PG matchup against CHI.
Been trying to get to follow me since he was 13. Wonder if hell ever notice me :\
Gas is $4.00 a gal. I need another job just to get to my job.
Man that Nap
ohh I was on the winning team
Scottsdale's NEW Saturday night. .. at The VAGABOND BALLROOM. 2 rooms of dance music !!! It is the place to be. 6820 E. 5 avenue Scottsdale
I listened to it like right now lol.
She thought it was a movie about the "IRS," so the whole evening was a comedy of errors. Me: What? What? Her: It's a MAN!
Beer and turkey! Perfect recovery combo ;)
hell yeah
And I better not had lost nothin out on da street either or I'm fuckin somebody up
Looking forward to a great invite tonight! MOCA presents Conversations and Cocktails at #Bbar #BetsyHotel. Should be a fabulous evening!
12 year olds getting upset over a one month relationship..
Sending a BIG OL' HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY SIS !!! I love you and I pray you have a FANTASTICAL DAY!!
Just released our 2011-2012 season! magic, ballet, music, live animals and more! www.thehillman.org
And you consider yourself an ICONiac...oh please.
I need a middle name for a girl
Im @ work chilling takeing it easy
Haha, we should go see that together!
can u give a discount for a order over $100 for apparel on ur site please???
maybe not in one sitting... Though it is awesome that now it is actually Friday.
unfortunately, the snow didn't "stick"... but yes, I was quite excited, nonetheless! ;) Hope you're Monday is going well!
RT Ms6inchHeelz: What do u consider cheating «Looking for cheats for Grand Theft Auto & Call of Duty on PS3.
who needs sleep?
Cock I mean cock
I love ZAYN, LIAM & LOUIS the most but that doesn't mean that I don't love NIALL & HARRY too!<3
no way she was even writing her own thank you notes
Reading my old tweets.. Omfg I was such a loser.
Don’t run to me just because you couldn’t make it work with someone else. I’m not a back up plan ..
Really hate to see leave! Think the judges were wrong-it should be about the singing not how you act when you're singing.
Happy Friday all!
Hey , did you hear? RT : Also, don't forget that Cthulhu rises today. Prepare yourselves accordingly.
long distance. so i'm thinking,does it really works?
The BEST way to make people remember you? Borrow money from them
Put my phone on silent. Best thing I've done all day.
cheer up g ball
JESSE CAMP? What!? Lemme come do a party with him ! ajhfajglkdjgdk
Chipotle + eye candy? Now I'm motivated to exercise! See u fools on Sunday=D
What a game...Man City Congrats
My brain is melted after today...and now moving furniture...I need a jacuzzi...
Our workouts are perfect for college students! #dormlife No need for weights or expensive equipment
Today is Holocaust Remembrance Day. We must remember and never forget!
Did I just see Guy Fieri hosting the Price is Right?? WTF is the world coming to.
Hate's being sick! ):
Fascinating City Aamazing time
If you get yourself into a pickle just barrel through it.
Still at school .. -_-
Just saw the best license plate on a brand new Dodge Challenger - TYRFRYR. Why didn't I think of that?!
have you used Tweetspinner?
saw your blog post on the Gary V spreecast. DM me if you would like a private Spreecast demo.
how can I follow the MINIOTICS PlEASE give me a link to follow
Thanks for the RT ! How has your week been so far?
Back down Interstate 280 to Palo Alto, talking to various fascinating people about algorithms, platforms and news.
Bino C +++Money Hunter Inc.+++ *LILNIGGASWAGGEREDUP* ::::BECOME A FRIEND N FAN B4 THE FAME::::"
Karlee Wilson and the whole T & P team is awesome!!!
Patient focus important. My doc sat down at a computer, reviewed notes, then focused on me, then finished up with the comptr
this isn't like that, I'm not wrong about these things. evaaaar.
Thank you , , and all of the other #aea speakers for a fantastic event!
#edusocmedia Let's not bash IT-ers too much. Some IT departments have full fledged Media Departments.
#TopFLight bout to take over FLorida
Im Valerie, nice to meet you Jas :) <U+2665>
Happy Friday, everyone! Have a great weekend!
he is. Definitely not your future husband.
they are so funny!
oh yea?
I love Xavier
Lionel at Amicus says he remembers the time and patience given to him once which is the reason he continues volunteering
follow them!!!
You're not the only one .
#Trivia What year did University of Phoenix Stadium open?
Somehow I managed to pull together 2 PC shows this month. Could not be more excited about that!
#Mirkarimi gets one day in the clink...but he's still the
Don't take a girl to Chubby's on a second date.
I AM NOW A NATIONALLY REGISTERED PARAMEDIC!!!
A #BFHistoryLesson - today in 1989 the #ExxonValdez spilled 11 million gallons of oil in Alaska's #PrinceWilliamSound after it ran aground.
in texas finally.
Strop is
Great idea!
Hope everyone has a safe holiday weekend!
So delightfully literal, really...
Former Cardinals DE Bertrand Berry on with Bruce Jacobs right now on The Fan
i love when someones laugh is funnier than the joke!
- can u ski thigh deep powder and still prom boogie at night?
40oz to freedom
Diggy's having a signing at the Palisades!! I wanna go so bad!!!
I'm gonna start crying xD
Is It Easy to Be Young?
No matter how much time I give myself between flights, I always end up running through an airport. Cmon
String Swing Metal Home and Studio Wide Guitar Hanger (Black)
Breakfast, then gym and then to get my nails done once a salon opens :-)
Wish this "Old Man of the SEO" could have made it. I heard there were good times. I'll plan on being at the next one for sure.
worked for a framer, told me to walk the job for nails, finished, had to straighten them
I was just watching Dazed And Confused. Lol.. "Have no fear...there is another fiesta in the making as - we - speak!"
some say quality over quantity but 8 crazy nights still is better branding than 1 night of celebration
rooting for then Texans
Up, ready and out the door before 8am for a class? Now that's dedication!
So I totally had a MAJOR phone problem the other day and no one to fix it... #findmeareplacementASAP, pretty please
The wifi on the metro rail is solid. Streaming video and annoying people on public transit has never been easier!
A horror movie could be made about the desperate attempt to bring #redevelopment back from the dead. Call it "Pet Project Sematary".
Mad cause you constantly do shit then get accused... weird yo.. thats just like giving me a cookie and gettin mad cause I ate it..
Love her too!
what's his number
Wow, 2,000 Followers! Thank to everyone! What has everyone been up to with no Brownies to watch?!
i get tired of ppl so fast
Hugo's Tacos is good to their fans!
Correction. Follow
I want to take off all of your clothes with my mouth, and kiss every single freckle on your body.
there are always opportunities when you have open heart, eyes & mind.
Up looking 4 a second logo 4 1 of my products... debating rather I wnt 2 pay $100 4 rights or get 1 custom made 4 less.
you should be!!
I'm done!!
what's keeping you from coming tomorrow? A bad day is cured by loud music and flashy lights!
Rain, rain, please stay! So lovely. Great day to suffocate someone.
Looks like a Venti iced coffee today. Yikes!
school tomorrow ; yay . I'm thrilled .
Spoke before #missiontrailsregionalparkcac about seeking to bring back weekend Kumeyaay Camp grounds.
Hm...i gotta go uy some caprisuns for people lol, this is what i get for offering xD :D
your boy needs some spending money for #Chicago in #July for Tyler's birthday and the #Refused concert,CONTACT ME FOR SERVICE (702) 641-5555
Feeling old is okay! Don't you love your old toys?
RT : Operator of east side #nopantsaz train, "did I get the wild train today?" Yes sir you did.
Damn Chanel skin care just broke the bank!!!
Be aware of LA Taxi drivers. They will take u in circles if u are not paying attention.
What's drastic?
$2 Tuesdays! Ya Heard?!
so excited that and i have Milwaukee tickets. cool married people? i think yes.
how did you two enjoy your floats?
I've thought about those since the day they came out, maybe even make it the chicken edition w/ranch. Fuckin dope
What a crazy 2 year anniverdary mokai last night! tonight
RT : #RecallWalker crowd 50-75 thousand - tea party rally 100. Pic of tea party marching up King St to Capitol...
was able to cop on finishline
Happy Birthday ! Enjoy it. Hope you have a special day. :-)
did and done!
Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read. ~Attributed to Groucho Marx
truth that cockroaches and sex geniuses will be the last survivors in a fertility malady (not sure I belong in this chat)
Be sure to look out for tomorrow's #Groupon #Goods - it's going to be a good week!
Cheers! As we undo our belt a notch RT : Same here! RT : Our favorite weekend of the year is upon us!
and i are enjoying a lovely meal at after a long morning at work.
Thank you all the way around Madelaine.
Break sharing: What is one thing you’ve learned at #CLBRT2012?
hello everybody ....
Poultry Day. "The sleeping fox catches no poultry."---Benjamin Franklin. Let's start this week off right - heading to !
Because Wolverines!!!
cause of the dm's?
Every has their ups n downs
lost my phone. hit me on my trap phone 404-423-2726
hey babe... u get the new artwork for the show...?
GOOG stock not looking healthy. No growth for Google?
"Ted Nugent called, he wants his shirt back" -Ocean's 11 ---and last time Ted Nugent was relevant
I'm so glad the old Alex is coming back(: I missed how he talked to all his fans all the time and maybe he will finally notice me :)
Thanks! I'm excited about the opportunity.
Oh boy. My mom has discovered funny internet videos and is not afraid to share them.
Wishing all my tweet friends a wonderful MERRY CHRISTMAS
#ThingsweallLOVE being the one with all eyes on you when you walk into the room/club, looking so Badd.!
To all my #BU seniors and staff at Foxwoods tonight: Please remember me when you hit it big. I like Coach products.
why can't you watch it? their collective uselessness is kind of amazing!
#ShitGetsRealWhen we have our eyes on the goal. We want to make you, our friends and listeners, happy. Ready for a change? It's coming.
Jon #Corzine claims he "only knows what he reads..." You know what they say - #ignoranceisabliss - Where is the #accountability?
It blows my mind how the people on celebrity apprentice donate their winnings to homosexual charity foundations
I came from north La, went to LSU. But my parents came from Ohio and griped about Louisiana for years. But still live there:)
I wish I was Dora. Her parents let her go anywhere!
lol I wish
I am in phoenix with MVP today working with a client on a very exciting project ;)
gotcha bro
I'm sold! I'm going lesbian too!
but then i got high. . .
Zooey: "Siri, can you find a restaurant that delivers Popsicles?". Siri: "Please throw me out the window and end my suffering".
#Audition - NY Actors! Avy Kaufman is casting the film "Syrup" details in the app or visit us on Facebook. See other castings for today!
First DLC for Gears 3 is out. Horde it up.
Wolf gang
Hi Kelley! What's a good email address for you? I have some marketing questions. Thanks!
Gaslamp is forever FRESH! - Check out these new places in our downtown. . .do you know them all?? bit.ly/bl4X0q
**chirp, chirp** crickets, awkward pause, don't say anything that could be wrong...She's pretty persuasive, ha!
Chris Whitley gets heavy acoustically on several studio & live recordings. Deep, haunting, heavy, heavy music.
Sweden surprised me, but Poland not so much... Amazing thing is Apple is only trading at 15x trailing earnings
Hey everybody it's Mason I got to hang out at Golds Gym tonight and saw the flyer for super cool to be a part
Movie Night: Star Wars V....completely lost o_O
freaking love that song <3
I've seen two 1994 US World Cup hats in the last ten minutes. First two I've seen in more than a decade.
The condition upon which God has given liberty to man is eternal vigilance.
I gotta be in love or somethn like that...
Indeed! Maybe a #drinkingaboutmuseums session?
RT : Get busy living or get busy dying. Game 6 Wednesday.
Two thieves. One believed and one mocked. Each at the head of their line. There are 2 lines. The question is: "Which line are you in?" -doug
Travis Pastrana is so good at BMX too. Can't wait till I can do that stuff.
austin how are you today? :D
Company need recharge? Energy/relaxation..We come to your office/home/event with professional Reflexology. They love it! Great intro price
Awesome! RT One of my govt clients just bought a 2nd unit. "I love them, they just work and support is incredible"
RT : I love seeing happy couples and being constantly reminded how I have no one.
Can't wait for lunch today! It's been way too long!!
Thanks for the follow! Will be uploading my first track tonight, check it out when it's up!
i counted mine last week and i'm up to 45
Josh Hamiltons BA so far this season is just below .400? What kind of stuff is that?
Seems Zimmerman has a habit of omission with those charged with his defense. What else isn't being shared, one wonders.
Blagojevich's is en-route to the Jefferson County prison. Join me on at 11am and Noon for the latest.
well hello! :)
BREAKING: This game is gonna come down to free throws.
I can't wait to get my eye mask. It's gonna help so much with this sleeping problem.
I actually wrote that because one of the songs off that unreleased album popped up on my iTunes. He biffed that one crazily.
Because Of Austin , Alex , And The Rest Of The Crew... I Have No Social Life. -Ally
I used to think he was milking his injuries, but he's the toughest SOB to don a Bulls uniform not named "Jordan."
#Mybestfriendof2011 would have to be ! Cause I love her and she's always there for me :)!
"He killed 80 people in the last two days." "He's adopted."
what happen to the heat? Global waaaaarrrming?
This reminds me of game 2 in Pittsburgh....only in reverse. I'm happy to escape only down 2-0. Have to ramp it up in the 2nd.
Hm watching now (._.) RT: Yo... Watch somebody face as they take the last pull on their cigarette. Hilarious!
Anyone else kinda disappointed in the #HIMYM season finale?
If a #lock won't turn, grab some #graphite and lubricate.
they're palindromes
Oh shit random boner. I better hurry up and get rid of it before the bell rings.
No hitter for Jered Weaver gives up only 1BB
Hopefully Metta brings back some of the energy we've lost
I'm going to cry .
Evening light is particularly fine at the moment. Wish I had time to paint and photograph.
I need to up my tweet game! I would love to get back up to Philly for a screening/discussion - let's build.
Or why no one there seemed to care about fixing it. Bug was initially rejected.
Casting Crowns tonight! Going to be awesome!
Going in the opposite direction of what I really want, but hey, gotta do what I gotta do.
haha nice, gifboom doesnt work on my phone. im sitting here sick eating popcorn and drinking arizonas
All about winning the series, right?
. Just mentioned #Berklee students being innovative with their music in the digital realm. Yay!
very well said.
Focus Friday!
hey there..
All you ever need to bring is a chair to sit in and cash.
Open your mind and your mouth. Try something new.
You would enjoy a book we're reading, It's All About The Dress author is Vicky Tiel
Why did my lap top get broken during final week? UH
Looks like #NBC15 News at 5 will start at 5:30 tonight. We'll see you on air in about 10 minutes!
"They were trying to intimidate us," Joe Rank, KMEX, said, adding, Salazar stood his ground as the meeting ended. "Ruben was a tough guy."
yes, i think that every time i see graffiti! they should apply for jobs as stunt-doubles :)
“: This is embarrassing 4 me but Evelyn forced herself on me, I'd consider it a form a "Rape" "Snuggle Struggle" feel used”lol
Baby don't worry you know that you got me...
OMG THIS GAME.... PREDICTIONS ON WHO'S GONNA SCORE OR HOW MANY MORE OTS???
Phillip Phillips is not even that good
#truth & if they don't have a mobile site RT : If a newspaper CMS doesn't support posting from mobile, they're doing it wrong.
Foundry's new office are finally up and running (clean, freshly painted, and...connected to the internets). Now it is time to catch up.
One run edge for Grilled Cheese and Hammer at worst
Did I mention I was wearing shorts and sunglasses?
Just got to school Yayy (not) lol well I hope everyone has an amazing day!
I'm happy to go our separate ways. No need to cast insults, darlin'. We know nothing about each other. You take care.
If I'm going to be awake at 5:30am I might as well get up and finish this damn journal article. Esp since I head to PHX later today!
no. but brunch in 2 weeks? yes!
I've been a #KDE guy forever, but have to admit that #GNOME3 in #openSUSE is lightning fast!
"Justin crashed my cousin's wedding!!1!!1!one!!1" Yes, and I just defeated Voldemort while drinking tea with John Green.
After a busy week filled with many ups and downs, I'm looking forward to a nice relaxing weekend.
#peer1 hosting spams me off a #magento mailing list with a shoddy error prone email linking to a dead url - not impressed
Another broken spoke being repaired. No big deal, will be fixed by the time I'm done eating.
Happy Star Wars Day everyone! May the Fourth be with you!
Thanks my friend - you too!
One more:
The moment when you match with someone without planning it :)
Made it to Austin!
