well it is a big deal nerve racking more then anything though
On average, women are 37% more likely to go to a psychiatrist than men are
so haven't been on here much lately so busy with so much apologies for missing the last few #FFs!
Hahaha loving "balls to the walls". We're getting to see the real side of Clay tonight! ;)
Taylor swift's eyes are wonders
I'm hoping!! Is it at Peabody's right?
My twitter keyboard is my bestfriend I tell it everything
No worries, dollface! Unfortunately I JUST gave away a bunch of ARCs before you guys started asking for them.
Thank you so much for you kind message! It's really my pleasure to pass the award to you. Have a great day!
That is great! RT We book groups for dinner here every year during Fiesta.
is #stillkidrauhl Damn and I'm scared to post a video on youtube. Proud of him. :) Wish I was part of the crowd.
I want a mango smoothie from mc donalds
Can I get a refill...
Even if the tickets for Newyork sold out me and my mom are still gonna go even if we cant go in well stay outside and support!
tired/grumpy studying wbu
This is one of the sloppiest games ever. I honestly don't care if the Heat win if they are going to play like this.
Whoa, now I see where the "merlot" comes from.
hell nah is he on twitter? nd im finna dm u aight
Cabin in the Woods!
Any special bennys associated with ? Absolution of sins, maybe?
"More media should be as fair as Fox News." ~ Mitt Romney
I really don't like Steve Blake.
"At the same damn time"... Is stupid and wack... At the same damn time
Oooohhhh gosh!!! BEST OTH episode ever and it's only 10 minutes in!! I've missed you luke!
Oh how I love to work, but hate my job! #HEB aint that great...
Woohoo! My stats homework is done.
Brilliant. I'll quit my day job and commence songwriting.
I know u guys got the brews this Friday but wats good with that hennesy?
Busy day here at the Marina. We are maximizing your enjoyment on the water. At MarineMax that is what we do everyday. Have a great day today
missing being with my family
My neck is so busted right now that I can't hold the phone to my ear with my shoulder. This is making multitasking very difficult.
TGIF!!!Don't forget to check out OKC Russell's tonight.
That hand clap in Adele's Rumor Has It >
Reading some of your guise tweets makes me wonder... Why don't I talk to you people lolol
Happy Niner New Year to Niner Nation!
Fearless Radio interview in 2 hours! Tweet questions to now!
RT Jared Weaver's old man with one out to go in no-hitter. Very badass. Also, the Weaver hairstyle is clearly genetic.
yea bro!
ill be out there in july bro
If you're trying to write a "hit" you're blowing it. Go to business school if you want to get rich but leave the ART OF MUSIC alone please!
im kidding f'course ;)
Somebody's a sore LOSER! : great win? shoulda blew us out at fagbo field. Ur lucky don't stop ur face
Ppl Go follow his just an amazing person u wont regret following him lets help him reach #5OOkfollowers!?
Feel like crying but the tears wont fall smh hate dis feeling
Clipping nails at one's desk in an office should be outlawed. I feel the need to hover over my coffee cup.
There's something wrong w out Internet connection again. I'm on 3G so sorry if there's some delay on my replys
I'm a hot and bothered astronaut.
Please don't tell someone what's obvious to them.
i can't be there w/ you but i can dream :)) #vibe'nn .
hook, line & sinker.
Eric put it back on thank goodness
What biz did you see us in?
The Super Moon is coming... Watch out for Werebeavers!
Registered for SLA/ALS/SLS Joint Spring Conference at Jenny Wiley State Park. Kentucky Special and Academic Librarians share & network.
New day, Browns....
I'm nervous!!! :-/ RT : can't wait for this Thursday :)
Time for the TRUTH
RT : Barkley: "This game was like Kenny's prom date... ugly" Kenny: "aw I liked ur cousin" HA!
If your windshield must be replaced, make sure your installer is certified by the National Glass Association
Thank You NASA, and the space shuttle program, for 30 great years!!! New Samples and Drops are up now!
DVD Review: Jane Eyre
It's clever, tho background distracts a bit from logo. Maybe chef's hat should go on straight or O as mouth? ;-) Nice job!
turn to you on ITUNES
Just in case you forgot... has 53 Beers on Tap. Dare you to try them all...
Thanks for including SHF Ron! Hope you are well!
i hear you on that...
now you lost three... *walks away crying*
this particular item wasn't available on prime. (much like my favorite wines....)
that's my kind of math!! Margarits for the win!
We leave next week!! End of August will be brutal. November to March will be nice!!!
IN OTHER WORLDS, by Loving the essays "Dire Cartography" and "Homelanding."
#interviewtip (DGE) 2 find ur dream position, connect w/ recruiters n ur industry on & watch for postings on open positions!
Better places. We's all lookin for better places to be in our fool heads.
California past, California future.
Back into the studio to do finishing tracks on "Suicide by Music" . Releases tomorrow at 11:59Pm
Hate when people criticise others when they only know one side of the story!
I would go as far as saying that she is extraordinary. Wait...
A year ago today Michael Jackson left our world. Remember him today, listen to ur fav song, do something to "Heal the World" L.O.V.E.
Dudes dont realize when they messed up a great thing
ctfuuu white chicks are g's too lmaooo
I'm going to try and get to mcgee's at 9 am sharp they apparently have some tailgate specials
FYI - we're introducing our banana pudding frozen yogurt tomorrow! 1 of 4 new flavors for February. Also, it's totally my fav.
Check out our Facebook page! We took the plunge and got Timeline! Hope you like our cover photo!
Can you PLEASE follow me??? It would mean ALOT to me (:
// Thanks, we'd love to see you.
I don't know if it's my computer or just Flash, but embedded youTube videos just aren't working with me today.
I wanna download The Window, but I don't get DatPiff on my school laptop. Any alternate links??
THANK YOU #UMFTV for letting me see yet ANOTHER great concert!!
Feelin much love right now <3 Thanx to ALL the new followers :) Yall really are somethin' special :D Follow --> !
I have used social media to make money and educate others.
I can not wait to get shattered saturday night. work work work until then
Of course!
GOOD MORNING FROM #TEAMYCB ... WE HOPE YOU HAVE A LOVELY AND SUCCESSFUL DAY
Hey I heard you were a wild one.
Don't let her fool you. SHE SET THE STAGE ABLAZE, DROPPED THE MIC and said something about her being Rick James
Thank U! Such a nice guy! And u fans are awesome! RT : Such a great interview with Adam today!
Man I'm so glad I learned how to write in cursive in 2nd grade, I use it so fuckin much.
Good morning friends. Just woke up and heading to the beach in a few :). Happy day for all of u.
wheeewwwww made it to austin after 12 hours of airport bulllllllshiyteee
How are you at UNH Winter White & at Splash in Boston on the same night?
“: If my mama proud of me really cant nobody tell me nothing”
1/2 Friendship struggles are often swept under the rug, trivialized, or ignored. At , we think they deserve a whole book!
Almost Over...
except for the lovely daily perks app, which pops up every few days like spam. I never once opened the app, yet there it is.
I was insanely close to sobbing in the Hunger Games during the scene that Cato died.
yes I forgot to put your name lol
it just goes to show how the want for a black man in office, and how ignorant America has become.I will never ever forget.
Some things in life are worth every moment, every thought, every feeling, every step. They're undeniably worth working toward & waiting for.
Very good morning tweeps : )
Laboratory Supervisor - New York City, New York
I need month off from work to re-energize.
#quotes It's not the situation, but whether we react (negative) or respond (positive) to the situation that's important.
A guy just got on my plane w/ "I love explosives" written on his t-shirt. Should I be worried?
is helplessly obsessed with the idea of a large, heated, bamboo frame, back yard dojo... background threads working overtime on design.
I have not. Is that some ferret documentary?
Ah, first crash with CS6. Good thing I saved my progress. Repeat to self: "beta, beta, beta."
BBQ Ribs tonight w/ corn on the cob. New beer on tap: Boont Amber Ale @ pikelongbeach (via )
Oh gee are you alright? Now I feel bad... :P
Longest day of my existence.
this is such an awkward oovoo conversation lololol
believe me, i considered breaking it just to taste sweet freedom.
Awesome job!
I hate this school );
shoutouts to all my new followers:)
CHECK OUT NEW RELEASE FROM * B.H.P ~ HUSLIN n ORDER vol.1 THE HOTTEST MIXTAPE OUT ...FEATURING: RIO SIMS / YATTA IMEAN / MURAK / PURP
we're all locked outside. The key hasn't arrived yet haha
Tx for reminder, it's a one-one-wonderful day.
Happy mothers day
Responding officer reports, "It is a big turtle." Approx. 40 pounds. Aggressive. Wants animal ctrl to come.
There's photoshop, auto tune, & plastic surgery. Too bad there's nothing for your ugly personality.
When people don't cover their mouth when they cough..
I wish//RT I think you made those words up...
Tell me what I gatta do to please you baby anything you say I do. C
Fact: Without there would be no That's a true story.
The gum is GONE & that voice is BACK!
hold in alot inside lately i hate for a nikka to feel this raft shit aint goin to b pretty, im tring to just meditate so no case get caught
“: you don't need it!” <---- right shira that's what I said
Your PAST developed you, Your PRESENT is sustaining you, but Your FUTURE is waiting on you . . . Time to GO!
“: Join Us for $6 Kettle One Martini's all Evening!” - and Kettle is spelled Ketel (Dutch for still)
Failing to plan is planning to fail.
congrats on the move!
I was talking about those in Hannaford. Let's do dinner Sunday?!?!
It looked like Bynum and Gasol were plotting to take over the Lakers
No on #raw? Best part of the show!
i fucking hate the world, I fucking hate myself. I fucking swore I’d never feel like this.
i am not mean to you, you shouldnt kick doors nigga!
Thanks for the RETWEET
Freezin in my own fuckin house! Ugh
hahaha, probably because I was trying to say "skeezy"
"Nine" opening night. Woohoo!
Left my water inthe car. Wondering if it's worth the effort to get it or if thirst is really a lie perpetrated by the Giant Media Conspiracy
Brain damage? What the?
These kids are so bad o.O
?Honesty is a very expensive gift, don't expect it from cheap people
...but when you sleep, you dream (even if you don't remember). So technically you are doing something to keep yourself occupied, right? Lol
no no no step away from the site....careful, careful....now run! Phew that was close!!
...I wanna sneak down to the gift shop, but I know as soon as I leave they'll be looking for me...
Only a few more weeks :)
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked "How's college?" Fantastic, I love studying my life away?
I thought that might be funny to you RT : lmao!!!!
np, congrats again.
BHO is the click that I'm stuck with. MPR is the niggas that I fuck with Huh Lol I love that part!!"
Thank you for supporting my record!
pretty soon Intelen brand new web site will be on-line...just before unleashing global innovations & services for new gen smart grid sector
i love it when you are still awake so late and you tweet so i can tweet you when i just woke up :D<3 lol. i love you :*
Thanks for the support!
read them all.. Waited 7 years for the last book
Pair a wine with each course for another $10.
Thanks! You do the same!
Our CLEAR cleanser has Green Tea in it to help clear pores & remove excess oil & debris! What is your favorite Green Tea product?
Hey Austin, if you didn't early vote, you have to vote today. Mayoral & City Council elections today. Make your vote count!
Fathers Day plans ? Breakfast outdoors on the river not bad... Live music with the family in the afternoon even better.
So happy...we got the house! Can't wait to move!
you need to get a life you friggin miami pile o shit cant win without a team of stars
Thanks for following! I can't wait to show you some new tunes :)
Sipp-a-dee-doo-dah! Let's go #Tribe!
Me and Becky need some shots any takers?
What up, Jalen? Thanks for the follow.
Go Green!
“ #IAlwaysWonderIf I will get myself outta these damn situations”
Take your ticket stubs from today's BBall game to Lobo baseball at 4:30 p.m. at Isotopes Park or UNM Softball at 5 p.m. and get in for $1!
Sacramento endorsements this weekend!!! LA underrepresentation bodes poorly for LA Candidates Hectore de La Torre and Janice Hahn
RT : Today is the last day of class work for my PhD, and the last day of the last #J202 lab I'll teach. <- sniffle, sniffle
me to
Now we're talkin! So what kinds of beer did you win? I can't believe you got the grand prize!!
madonna is doing better than I thought she would. cool show...
I can help you have more power. Hire me for mix, I work in one of the top 5 mix rooms in New York City.
hm, I think I would rethink using the terms "missed" and "used cake" in the same sentence
This is tough to watch, 17 straight outs by #tribe hitters
The waste of money cures itself, for soon there is no more to waste
I'm from Harrogate, had Taylor's in my bottle as a baby :) can't live without it! LOL
that flick is so kick ass! Love it more than I love murdering yuppies!
I'm glad I can get by reading in French ... but I really need to get better. I suppose I ought to move to Paris.
One more thing before I get some shut eye My sis tiara dude "Danny noble" frm the Toledo rockets signed with the Tampa bay bucks S/O to him
Ooohhh congrats and enjoy! They've got an amazing (and local) beet and goat cheese salad if you're into it!
Why's there a video on my computer of Biden, Chairman of the Joint Chiefs, Sec'y Duncan, & Geithner singing "Call Me Maybe"?
Let's Go Rangers!
good luck with getting everything fixed!!
#Healthcare #ethics #socialmedia #collaboration recent articles or reports? Anyone?
Casey is barely a Democrat, he's basically Repulican Light... That man has got to go!
Still can't figure out why my #iPad formats all phone numbers as if I lived in the UK (yes, the system settings are right).
I think I uninstalled that voxer app
I love homeroom.
After sitting outside of Starbucks, sipping tea and relaxing for an hour, I am completely out of the mood to go to the grocery store.
no, but i would gladly vacation thereif the disney people built it somewhere near a beach
LOvE HER! RT : Saddled? Ha! These two are too cool for school:)
Life is good. Pray and you shall receive. Sometimes the answer is not the one you expected. However, God is good and will do what is best
I shouldn't have to tell you that will be hearing about this. Refusing to acknowledge or honor advertised deals is WRONG.
ok cool i better get an invite to that tell ya moms I said whats up
oh no! I hope you have some consolation treats on hand. can you just knock, drop the papers, and run away?
Just participated in advocacy training for Tuesday's Congressional visits. Glad I paid attention in AP Government and Politics
women are the route to all evil, but i love them!
HAHAHA this is why you asked how to spell my twitter name???! “: RT is the coolest dude out there”
SAWS is doing an emergency water cut-off for about 4-5 hours and it really sucks.
it doesnt say "Follows You" next to your name...maybe you could change that? (;
Mary Cook & Associates wishes you a happy and safe Thanksgiving holiday!
I love you mama bear :)
Andrew Luck better be able to play with the big guys.
wahh when could we hang out D:
This is great! How about drinking when a #WeatherChannel reporter gets blown over by the wind on the beach?
Trying not to.
If you think any of this is Bobby Valentine's fault, you need to look at Pitching in today's box score. Valentine didn't thow one pitch.
Check Six's vs RGNArtist on the #MLGOrlando beta stream!
Subscription to an NFL Breaking News service..Not anything that I'd necessarily put money on, but they usually are right..
great to meet you too!
#iReallyHateWhen people ask stupid questions
Randall Cobb everybody...
Did you buy your ticket already. Don't miss it; #BuickVerano is an amazing car.
Auto-limiting function of home speaker systems: YOU SUCK! Stop pulling the life out of music and beef up your amps if you can't take it!
Cold and windy! Posted up at 2nd location for the day. Craving coffee!
That shower >>>
awesome! Once again love the way you interact!
Best CAA moment so far: in panel on int'l copyright issues, Q to CAA's lawyer, "Can you describe the CAA's position on free speech?" REALLY.
Believe it or not, Steve Blake +1st round draft pick is better for the long term than Jamal Crawford.
You're welcome!
C's series was something beyond basketball, I think. Mavs was inexcusable.
I'm pretty sure I've never won in 'rock, paper, scissors.' WTF
ah! Very generous, thank you. Will share via board & conference committee.
A SECOND Earthquake has happened in Knox Co, IN.. This one was a magnitude 3.1, 8 miles WNW of Bicknell, IN. Same loc..
better light those candles and pray for warm weather.
I go hard 24/6. It's important to go soft the other 24/1 and rest up.
So nice out today. I think I'll study outside instead of in the library :)
I Hate Dora But Watching It With My Baby Cuzzo Is Fun :-)
not texting anyonee <<<<
Thank goodness I live in Berg!
Thats right.If they close it out i'll eat crow RT : that's including you! You basically gave the #NJDevils NO chance!
in terms of the total percentage of African American females the numbers are low, even though these r most of your clients.
Prosecution will present rebuttal witnesses.
Definitely RT : Absolutely nothing better than dads toasting their daughters on their wedding day.
Wonders why Porter service declines every time there's a hint of an IPO. if they really loved you, they wldnt make you change.
fingers crossed!! woooho
THIS!! | RT : OK's personhood law would give full rights to fetuses as well as wealthy 1%. The 99% to become 3/5 person.
omg when is it on! this diserves to be recorded like ASAP.
Check out this article on the passing of Congressman Donald Payne, by grassroots Ethiopian human rights groups and...
The only way to go! Enjoy!
#itsawesomewhen our partners, friends and people in general ask for consent and respect the answer.
www.theeroticchallenge for a chance at 50k and a modeling contract for more info 310-806-2123
shut up! RT Tssss my bestfriend is a thug! (x
I hope us pigs run into the buffalo. We will be there later tonight.
HUGE spike in traffic thanks to you, my dear! Happy Friday and let the birthday week celebrating commence!
He won it for History, but was only a finalist for Biography.
Fox theater OE Online Club Presale Tickets buy now. Password is "INEVITABLE"
This is funny&annoying same time...my cars locks click on&off&the bell rings entire time while driving..it's like the exorcist on wheels
This could be the absolute worst idea I've ever heard related to music. It should be illegal for them to use that name.
Lol! Thnx, love...will post soon. :-*
Come on, follow me, get followers every day! Enjoy twitter always! Follow, Tweet, RT
Pride is self-lust. It says, “I want my way.” - J. Todd Nichols in Transfigured
lol i was just abot to write about them too we'll jusylt have to wait and see what happens today :)
#exactly those "days off" aren't actually,
We're also looking for volunteer writers(for editorials/news on art/film/theater/music), promotions people, designers & developers.
Night twitter
One of us! One of us! *This message brought to you by the Cat Lady Coalition.*
a bio-polar douche bag
holly did i tell you about this? I'm not ready, I haven't listened to enough Adele
Won tickets to see the #Avengers movie! Love anything by #Marvel comics.
Can't sleep for shit. Insomina
But then there was this other dude, the host of the show, not funny.. At all. And this crappy funk band.
I'm planning my dream vacation. It's basically anywhere but here. All I packed is a frying pan, leatherman, and big knife :-)
ITS A CELEBRATION
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light. ~ Aristotle Onassis
very true.
ight & cuz I thought you left
yup!(: then go nighty night(: haha
DM us an address to mail you a bracelet!
It's the 1st night of at Come by and vote on how well the performers #singit, #bringit and #schwingit!
PowerIf you dont believe it,who will? Working actors have similar habits and attitudes that free them to be the best in every audition.
Currently experiencing the best bar playlist
Everyone be looking for love too bad no one wants to be faithful
I could use your assistance with our project
after your game text me , like PRONTO . Yes??? Yes. DEUCES. ((:
Thank you to the impressive & for being part of the Crowdsourcing panel at
Some do, and it's much easier to sell out pops. But even orchs with cheap tix have trouble filling seats for classics series
your right.. Ima close my hand then <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2> bam!! Right in the kisser <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
:/ lol ...yea u rite but I'm not sleepy..I'm watching hey Arnold & its bringing back memories ..tear!
's "Strange Attractor" has been stuck in my head for days! Can't wait to hear the album. Out on itunes a week from today!
#replacebandnameswithboobs Ok Boobs
oh. um.. alrighty? :P
I just heard my 4 favorite words: "Anything for you, Jamie." :)
sorry just now responding! we had a power surge downtown & one of our transformers broke.
What #movie are you looking forward to watch after watching #movietrailers during the #SuperBowl?
Thank you!!
Here's a reason to add Squash to your activities. It burns 14 calories per minute.
Chivalry is alive and well ! :) cc
yeah i saw that beadles beatdown its fun
At the Rascal Flatts concert...think Hootie might really miss his Blowfish!
lol yea I just made it not to long ago but thanks for following I need more than -_-
#Costas gives best media appraisal of #PennState scandal to date. Fair, measured remarks.
i miss you
you just need to accept me as a friend!!
I got disabled after I was discharged from the Army, I wa discharged in 1979 I got severely disabled in 1988. I have a rare blood disease.
2004. It was my first order from wine library. referred to you by Brian Tannebaum in Miami. Who's still pissed about the fins last night
did you rush the field??
Favorite meal of the day? BRUNCH! We have new martinis you must try!
when girls cuss alot<<<
amen to that.
ha oh u didn't gamble at all?Just a lil bit? 5 hrs?! Yeah I was wearing all my softball gear cuz we came straight from the game
Just finished watching #Valkyrie... pretty fair movie
LOOKS LIKE ITS GONNA BE A PARTY TONIGHT !!!!
Farragut, You don't always eat Ficelle but when you do you prefer Rolling Ficelle... stay hungry my friends!
can I donate a helmet design
Happy Birthday!!!! Hope you have an awesome day!
WARNING: The side effects of cheap beer are as follows: excessive laziness, living death, and pooping.
6. Spotify = A music playing software
I hate how whenever I like something, then my friend suddenly likes it too! Like, get your own thing!! :/
I can't say enough great things about car wash. The customer service is amazing and I'm in n out in 3 minutes.
Who's coming to Friday's show? We aren't playing live for about a month after this show. So don't miss it.
Thanks for following!
yeah its sort of like wendys. But their food is a bit different and its kind of...a little more elegant than mickey d's
I have never been so excited to hear the words over our radio, DOORS OPEN!"
I Wanna Talk To Her..Smh I Swear I Be Fuckin Up Sometime..
Our mission is to address the growing inequality and poverty in LB.
Excellent Grey team
RT : Thanks for the follow!!!! PEace&loVE!!! "Same to u!!"
@ thanks for the follow!
I feel so presidential right now.. I'm about having dinner with the President of the United States. That is once in a lifetime chance!!
tickets to our show on the 27th at cervantes! Go to facebook.com/onetoomanyshots to get ahold of us so one of us can deliver tickets to you!
#GhettoNickNames the one that pops out, was her given name: Areola
i no u dnt jus ask do we have n sol n diz class, art !!!
'Madama Butterfly': A treat for ear and eye - Jerusalem Post
One of the concepts presented at our wonderful Sunday luncheon is as follows: Faith it until you make it!!!!!!!
Meeting for a sit down at 7news with !
True Religion trousin!
follow ya boy you might like what you hear
Marching Band
had that same dream, so he signed to fight Cotto! Lol
Aww thanks for the love!!! :) I appreciate that
"if you're not living your dream, then whose dream are you living?"
she will get a lot of new request tonight haha,
i know we supposed to hit the club..
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who smells really bad.
Wtf is tweeting ? Lol I love him
These #49ers beat writers crack me up. Like Alex Smith had a choice. Where else was he gonna go?
Good L<3ve ya 4eva have a grand day tomorrow
Cause your first lol RT : all I can say is why? hahaha
never wanna text back.
I took that Ranger tool out of the message but that is one of the funniest Pens photoshops I've seen in a while
I am who I am. You can say whatever you want about me. I won't change. Your approval isn't needed nor wanted.
Dear music critics: please discontinue the use of the term "baroque" in your descriptions of indie-rock bands. Thanks!
I NEED TO TALK WITH YOU. ASAP.
.... JB- How much of the show was edited? Did we see everything? You were great- as usual.
show your
Phreakin' keystone kops type stuff that
anytime! It's always great to help someone and leave them with a smile on their face.
When ppl don't ever chill w/ u but then when they have nothing to do they wanna hit u up <<<<<<<<<
if only the #beastmode would come back to WASHINGTON STATE. washington will DEFF. show you #SUPERbeastmode!
definitely hadn't seen any of these tweets til now.
I Fell In Love With Jerkin Music... Because Of And
Hmm...RT : #Leo needs a stable, grounded friend who brings them down to Earth lol
good article! I plan to check out your four. I also like Social Bro, Sprout Social, Topsy, and Tweet Reach!
look on the bright side: a show like that would get thrown off the air in the states.
almost home!!!
Me: "Dad, what does fuck mean?" Dad: " It means eat." Me:"Thanks dad." Me:"Mom, can I fuck the turkey?" Mom:"WHAT THE FUCK!"
I've watched some of them!
Just finished teaching a tweens / teens auditioning workshop today. It was awesome and there is a lot of great talent out there!
Checking in. Twitter keeps e-mailing me as is I may be missing or dead. Happy to report that it's neither...alive and kicking! :)
not yet! I'm curious too :)
hell ya vd fan damon or stefan?
yes u are
thats what they all say :P
incredible Mahomies!!! #woof I LOVE YOU ALL <111
This feeling is new.
We're excited to be hosting the official afterparty after the Grizz game on Sunday! No cover - come in and welcome! Go #Grizz!
Ok good. I used to it with you. LOL... When does the schedule have you coming back more than 24 hours?
Wow 98 degrees in tucson arizona! Anyone want to join me at the pool?
bahaha mini-bratwurst just ran the wrong way in the sausage race.
follow me back
Wish we could, but that's against MLB rules.
haha I said it's Chris girlfriend haha
Ja is most likely dead..and Ashanti is married to Nelly, and she weighs 350lbs.
it's whatevs
71 year old Neil Diamond marries 42 y.o. GF. He was quoted as saying "bah bah bah, life has never been so good (so good, so good, so good)
feel better!!!!! Don't wanna miss that field trip on Friday
This crazy warm weather makes me want to garden!
Power to the people! Next? Recalling Walker!
102 more followers in 1 day!! What an accomplishment! We hope to see you all at the meeting tonight!
So the was definitely an experience! Wow. I love Coach MacKeown! So much energy for his team.
My Mom Said Hi...
Happy New Year!!!
Today's Get Energized tip: Check and replace dirty furnace and air-conditioner filters on a regular basis.
Makeing your dream a reality, with A crew . Down from day
Cabana night
I don't know what it is there but it kills my phone. Can't get service hardly and forget about 3G.
how did I get so busy????
Progress is being made. Patience, I keep telling myself, patience...
#InTheSummer i'm going to lay out EVERY nice day !
Shastic.com has ability to #sell #coupons virally in #Facebook 4 #venues and #restaurants. Ask us how!
have fun tonight!!! See you in Brisbane!! CANNOT WAIT!!!! <U+E415><U+E415><U+E415><U+E415>
“: Release trying to make sense of what other people do!” >>> I need this on a permanent sticky note
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
you're about to make me fave another one young lady !!
Seriously , you make no damn sense!
man....time is a-flyin this month!!
RT In Awareness Darkness cannot annihilate the LIGHT.Hate Cannot destroy LOVE.Anger cannot abolish COMPASSION
Ha, I was not even fishing on that one, but honestly curious. Hope you will share that with others! Enjoy the conference.
Watching my fav of all times! A Christmas Story! It never gets old! Love it! What's your favorite Christmas #classic?
First pass through the new album "The King of Limbs"... didn't like it. This is an excellent sign that I will eventually love it.
But first I need you to follow me please. I can't DM you otherwise. =)
They can because they think they can. -Virgil
Nothing like listening to your roof leak.
Just posted another song in our 'members only' section of our website. Go sign up and check it out! www.kissingdaylight.com
If You Can't Handle My Worst , You Ain't Gettin' My Best !
we are what we communicate today. how to go back to a new quiet state where things are simply allowed to be?
Huh lol : If you not a believer suck a BIG A DICK hahaa Ah
am having awesome time at SXSW. How ru?
Nowhere to go but out. Like this fire.
- In Spirit and in Truth, We Have No Age At All - Spiritually, We Are Eternal, Immortal, Pure, Perfect Life Beings!
even more than usual? Ahaha
Sentences I never thought I'd say but just did: "Oh fuck that I just found my vegan leather pants. I'm wearing those."
Got damn it heart racing... You know that says something
you should declare today a holiday. A local holiday...something like "Hot Dish Day"
No, Nick - thank YOU!! Glad you enjoyed it! Keep in touch!
You're welcome. :D RT : girl we should! Thank you!^.^
you hate me ):
I visited! Hope it counts! No more devil numbers!
that makes no sense to what I just said
Who's going to #PSU for blue and white weekend?
What a beautiful day to end the work week--doing big things over here at the Innovation Studio
I am having problems connecting to netflix via my xbox 360
It is so awesome to see Pablo hitting and playing so well. He and Timmy are who most new Giants fans identify with, IMO.
money ova everythang
yeah he will lol I'm just talking shit
Hard to believe that it's almost that time again. 3 weeks from today is another Young Artist Awards show. Looking forward to seeing U
It was indeed. And very tasty it was, too. The bitters was .
: what a cool line of ' e-books. Thanks for sharing!
Love is the child of illusion and the parent of disillusion. ~ Miguel de Unamuno
GR8 stuff, LMK what the fellas think.....
I don't know I just feel like I could use another week to prepare!
“: Ladies, mount your Schwinn bicycles!” Good luck to my #Hoosiers!
Would any of our fans like to win Splashtown tickets???
“The things we fear most in organizations – fluctuations, disturbances, imbalances – are primary sources of creativity.”Margaret Wheatley
10700 after running like complete crap
- I have that taped to my whiteboard in the office.
Can't sleep. Listening to Chelsea Girl. Creeping me out.
Congratulations on your endorsement for CYD Regional Director from SDSU College Dems
So overcast today! Makes the bed seem twice as inviting.
#LMSunSIG a couple of schools have subscribed to QualityMatters.
As i have said before. Technology the times geographic locations change but people stay the same. Because the world is the world
A loud stereo makes tennis practice better :)
The HELL, Hornets RT : Fucking Hornets TV people have BALLS advertising season ticket sales while down 9 to Nets (and up from 17 down)
Both my teams are out now. 1st #Duke, now #VCU. Currently pulling for my 757 homeboys
LETS GO HEAT!!!
CAPITAL LETTERS DEMAND RESPECT
That ball was tipped!!
man y'all shit is throwed man I definetly like tha beats who does tha production
for the first time. Like it. Not a fan of cornnuts though, never have been. Oh and ceasar is spelled wrong on the menu.
what exactly do they want?
Oh cool - will you be riding it to work?
No its not :)) everything is false!! Reality is lie
Thanks - great to see you! RT : You rock too. Looking forward to your next adventure.
i need a nice cold refreshing #heineken lol
Plant will still grow and produce fruit . . .the yield will be less than if you had pruned.
Thanks again for your generous sponsorship for for Oklahoma Project Woman. We were able to raise $475,798.09.
ha, sounds about right
I like your moves!
True dat! RT : The high cost of living is often just the cost of high living. We don't need as much as we think we do.
Just in time for the first #UT tailgate!!! RT : is coming to austin this weekend!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Gourmet Food Truck TODAY Hwy 40 east of 75 next to Atsides Rest. Supply 11:30-2:30 Winter Garden Harvest Festival was a hit now Home
- Best performance!!Congrats on your 1st baby!! :)
Did I mention I LOVED The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo?! Even though we never saw enough of the tattoo...
We have a sub.Sarah said it was practically a free day
You kno I'm bored smdh
Everything on my Mac is suddenly huge. Any ideas how to shrink fonts, etc. on desktop?
Done following. Follow back
miss you too. We need to see each other son.
That tweet was brilliant. I'll have new music this fall! Thanks for the kind words, man!
appreciated him since that LVAM show some time back. It's a shame that place is gone..
I don't have understanding when it comes to my kids. Don't F with them and we cool.
No school for me <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1>
but no gym smdh
A million feelings. A thousand thoughts. A hundred memories. All for one person
RIP Steve Jobs. Brilliant innovators like you and Walt Disney are rare. You'll be missed.
Where is everyone getting those M&M's NASCAR jackets? I want one so bad.
Happy Mothers Day <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
This one is new to me, but I like it: “When you are going through hell, keep going.” —Winston Churchill
Good Night Baby
Thanks to our favorite #FF tweeps!
Just historic kitchens where brewing would have occurred, and the ASV bought Brown Ale for the conf.
I will have to look up your short stories. I'm considering publishing a collection of short stories.
e-chatting with birthday girl about my evening activities 20 yrs ago tonight.
Him: Would you go to prom with me? // Me: Only if the food is good :))
OK, what's the difference betw an atheist & a humanist? Awaiting your 140 characters of insight!
that's hilarious! When I read that, I died out laughing!!! Hah(:
Summer dance program will be from July 2 - July 20 with a recital on July 21!!
I believe I need you to follow me before I can DM.
The Film Festival of Colorado is June 28 through July 1 in awesome Olde Town Arvada, CO. See you there!!
Black Numbers, very interesting name. I like.
": Creighton over Georgia in the opener in Corvallis. Big win for the Jays." Great start Jays!
Hope all is well; missed you at the festivities! Great day! Enjoy your summer! Peace!
Armoires Hutches Store Online: Riverside Crossroads Corner ...
Now I'm ready to shower, get all the sweat and sunscreen off of me, and head to Topeka. (:
RT : How are you going to empower those around you to build an emotional commitment and connect?
awe :) whens your b-day?
Fixed Popbumper on F-14 & 2 stand up targets, soldered upper right flipper power winding Flattened mini playfield shim on Dr Who
Love you D!!
Had a great run! The weather is awesome and a perfect day to begin any exercise program!
u gotta do that
I need to get a manicure done
l didn't and her body she looked like a skelotion sick
maybe I'll free ball, lol JUST JOKING! I would only do that if no one else knew and there wasn't a chance I would fall. lol
Gonna be a good Friday. Woke up, turned on and watched Wisconsin defeat Stanford (2000) for back-to-back Rose Bowl titles.
Cow bells are not cool, especially at a game. Wait. Will Ferrell could, everyone else should never have one. SO annoying.
A former park employee told me the key is to start early. =D
I got it, i was just being a little bit of an ass.
Not really :p RT : Am I too loud when I'm with y'all? Savemefromalie
I'd rather have you then be rich and have all the money in the world
The world stands aside to let anyone pass who knows where he is going. - David Starr Jordan
": what up playa?" Grinding hard out here pimps.. how are things for u?
I am wondering where Obama would have stood on the American issue of slavery. Too pragmatic?
“Hug your pet every day, and you will both be better off because of it.” ~ Robert Paradiso
We're not happy about the weather either! What city are you all in? RT : This weather is a joke!
Mr Wild, what about Colt McCoy as backup in GB? Thoughts?
RT : oh and may I point out you've lost about 300+ followers in a few days - dude, what are you talking about?
Beer is proof that God loves us and wants us to be happy.
follow me
Loved the rescue dog message by budlight... Here we go! Budlight
Hello darlin' ....from us after May 10!
How do you know it's March? Kevin Stallings needs the Heimlich Maneuver.
Aw, they called me a maiden! RT Thank thee for joining us, fair maiden.
thanks for being so awesome!
nvm I didn't know we some at the house. You're a saint.
I know your objections to dropbox, but I feel much the say way about it.
I wish I had Lady Stark’s bodyguard every time someone said something sexist to me...”hand me my sword"
I thought Clay Aiken died!
very good analogy lol... Gross but I get that point
#SexualPickUpLines he aint beet it rite he dam sure can't do it like I can
#goplankintraffic on the busiest road in Orlando.. Don't worry, I'll wait :)
This boy has a backpack that says "Manchester United"!
we the boss type
James Kane's slidedeck is awesome.
#RedSox pay a tremendous tribute to Tim Wakefield in pregame ceremonies at #FenwayPark100 Wakefield's remarks, short to the point. Classy
I've tried that, but its grayed out. It doesn't go away. It remains searchable, and visible, it just says closed. What to do?
I'm on my way there, will be 30 mins.
When i get a text starting with "Don't Worry about me...
I'm excited to try and bring home that gold for all army women's basketball
Why Tf Am I Nervous ?
I can't wait until you host our book club! ;)
I appreciate your input on the article. I'd rather they play for free, but I just feel it's their right to ask.
I pray and hope my dad gives us money to go shopping since we're just so lonely
Well said RT : When your emotions trump your logic don't be impulsive. Emotions are fleeting. Logic will rarely fail you.
"omg i love being sick" things people don't say.
#ItsWhatYouDo haha they fucked up my hand with the splint, moved around bones
whatever became of tina from season 2? She was always one of my faves
What do you think is the most important sci-fi movie ever made? Not the best; the most important.
welcome to twitter!
Have you fallen in love with yet? Great deals on the places you love to eat. Check them out!
I ain't scared. My ass is nice and toasty
Happy Mothers Day! There is reason while on camera guys say hi Mom.
You sexy
I'm classy Bitch...Your Nasty Bitch
say, we partying in uptown tonight?
awesome! What are you presenting on?
You're a wizard Harry.
Watching the notebook :'(
too bad
“The amount of times you say you hate drama is directly proportional to the amount of times that you actually start it”
Cold wind is stimulating the economy, People are buying coats, boots, hats, gloves, driving instead of walking, burning more heating fuel.
You see the fear in Sarah Kaufman's face!!! LOL
*from me*
Thanks! We appreciate the kind words! Should have some new stuff for you in a few months...
2-0 in #Soccer today as #Pescara / #Torino easily stay under the posted total of 3 1/2-3 if you want to make $ email me bettingjesus
Thinkin about a design for a new tatoo... any cool ideas?? :) Plz RT with some ideas... :)
RT ": I rather cuddle and watch a movie with you, instead of going out to a party."
haha I'm glad someone besides myself enjoy hearing it every once in a while
Honestly. WHAT THE HELL?
Another 4am evening. I danced my a--off! So fun!! Love u guys Hollywood!!
well, it's not coffee...
Thanks Christina for following!
WE CAN DO IT
Maybe can replace baseball in his logo w/a softball cause those R the only pitches/interviews he can hit
I have an amazing view of Mt. Hood in 2 minutes! It will really feel like a Friday once you see this skycam.
RT : "Companies that have a twitter account but never use it, is like having a business phone & never answering it" ~jda
Disease team reports from CIRM. Stem Cell conference at Salk Inst., La Jolla, CA. Collaboratory research.
Gov. Christy in renouncing a Presidential run, sounds classier than anyone still in the race.
indeed that doesn't have the same ring ... i'll have to come up with something catchier :) and THANKS!! :)
Put your hands up for New York.... I love my city
If you just getting hip to instagram you are wayy behind time. #Catchup We on some new ish
Sudan declares state of emergency on South border
not from a reputable firm. I'd rather have a "boring" accountant checking my books than a graphic designer.
I knew it was possible but I had no idea how... Ask yourself "Where can I win?"
Feeling like shitttt
thanks so much for the #ff. Back at ya!
our audible next release will be close to Home...
Congrats and good luck today
feel free to unfollow me hahaa :)
woodhead is a great story, but best NFL story of the year is chris ivory.
6th grader at my school died of an uncurable brain tumor last night... RIP jennifer you will always be in our hearts.
what happend to you bro? :o
Love, like paint, can make things beautiful when you spread it, but it simply dries up when you don't use it
I don't think "e-mail replies" used to be checked as default. I think it should be unchecked as default. Yeah.
Yeah, it was surreal. I was thinking, "so this is what it's like for other team's fans on draft day."
I'm looking for libraries that are supporting citizen science projects with programs/resources/etc. If you know any, I'd love to hear.
Thanks for the tweet-votes! <3
What part of Florida you going to?
Enjoying the Showalter show. Both of them putting on a clinic.
Awww thank you so much! :)
Sorry, Milwaukee. I voted for Adam.
send it to me to make sure.... :P
Steve Inskeep from came to my class tonight! He had great things to say about composing stories for the ear
the best thing about having a freshly built computer? When you get to login to all those sites for 1st time & DON'T REMEMBER THE PASSWORDS!
Fake friends
yeah it will be. I'm headed into ballroom F for the influncers talk. Probably will try for a quick bite after.
Does anyone know why everything in the mall is closed today? Is the eve of MLK day a holiday now or what?
Dictionary of Multimedia and Internet Applications: A Guide for Developers and Users
SLEAVES ARE TRASHY
Happy Thanksgiving from Squeezie Todd! Shoutout to who says I don't tweet enough. Also to , &
I enjoy all 1000 calories more and more each time.
Free Kodak printer today! For upgraded members only.
my bad son lol
RT : Since Monday, Josh Hamilton has same number of HR as Padres, Royals, Astros, Giants, Tigers & Rockies COMBINED
Can't wait to beat in a taco eating contest x) hahaha
Thanks, Chris!
could somebody in the hunter film and media department PLEASE just email me back omg
Love the way you pay for stuff in Apple shop
Tim Duncan has 6 points. The Spurs lead the Jazz 11-4 at the first timeout.
what's up fag?
Twitter is dead..... so I shall die too.....because twitter is my life. Lmao I'm such a loser (x
same goes to you! :)
Free baseball in Nashville. And to think we were on pace for a 2 hour game at one point. Walk-off win, right here. Let's go
Up all night.
I've been playing live FR limit poker, losing, and listening to the RATM pandora channel for 6 straight hours
In disagreements with loved ones, deal only with the current situation. Don't bring up the past!
“Everything in moderation... including moderation.” <U+2015> Julia Child
ok random number texting me. tell me who you are
Attending a presentation on #opengov by and
": No matter how you try it still doesn't work <<<" my love life
So nobody told me that Derrick Rose is on the cover of this month's GQ magazine??? That's how y'all do??
I miss writting & getting cute texts, Ima send myself some that way i'm sending them & recieving them :)
Hey guys I want to give you all a couple free songs of mine! "Wing Night" and "I'm a Man"! Hilarious rap music! Just message me :)
wow I really wish taylor just didn't win that
are you a model or starting to model?
#Dbacks getting thrown out an awful lot this season. More early-season annoyances....
you comin' our way?
- pleasure to meet you today. You gave a very informative and well-spoken presentation! Thnx , , and
So many lesbian romantic comedies on Netflix streaming, so little time...
You see my mom comment on FB. She loves seeing pics to keep in touch. And she really connects w/ kids when she visits.
A jealous girlfriend is a faithful girlfriend..
Ooh that's cold brother, but true.
hello how are you all? I am looking for 2 of my followers to do as a movie ... so tell me who want to be
“My favorite part is convincing people that their vote matters in 2012, and then seeing them register” —Ulises in Michigan...
I pay these dumb bitches no mind.
15 years coming we get a playoff win! Sports so good in SoFla haha go
It would be great, to see you in Nashville. I know its late there, have great weekend!!!!! Did you ever get Above the Atlantic video, an ...
They were found in the backseat of a car along with a strong odor of gas.
you said you wanted the best in your band but really youre a terrible vocalist and you are way too full of yourself
describing 110 yr old paper manufacturer using a realtime RESTful #API to push and pull data to apps and partners
How do you not bat brantly lead off I do not think its actas call coming from above like usual
Another happy bride.......
Lakers- get it in gear. Now!!!!!
Bottlenose dolphins in Australia organise their complex society into gang-like groups of males, according to sci..
30 min left at work..kind of want 2 go get my nails done not sure yet
Please "Like" my band on facebook if you haven't already. Here's the link: facebook.com/forloveofivy
hahhahahaha your the one that set me right up for it!
OMG, huskies scare the crap out of me. So independent & unpredictable. Was bitten by one that went after Luke.
CHRIS DAVIS IS THE WINNING PITCHER.
RT : RT : No weather delays or cancellations here at MKE so far. Please check with your airline if you're flying
Hate this life I am living I will no longer take this I am done it ends tonight!
Once again Positive Pay is protecting a class settlement fund from criminals. We always use Positive Pay to safeguard the class fund.
Kudos, ye Knight of the Bleeding Edge!
welcome love ;)
Couldn't agree more. Friends' recommendations > Pretentious Yelpers.
RT : What you make isn't nearly as important as what you keep.
Will you ever DM me? Someday,right......maybe today:)
+1! So wonderful seeing you ladies. <3
just think if u had a rubber band 4 each smile.An made a ball .think how big it would b. ; )
aha interesting feature of uc sport field planning and architecture
I just signed up to win a signed copy of Immortal Rules by
ill get the board tonight
Ut oh! Leaving for Berlin tomorrow night. Refresh my memory -- when Der Kommisar's in town, is it cool to turn around?
Second time today I've heard presenters mention Chicago's YouMedia program as an ideal way to re-imagine the lib. Must check it out!
ladies u dont need 2 b arguing on twitter, thts not good! Both of u ladies r better than tht!
STARGAZING HOTEL - TONIGHT Four Seasons Hotel Georgetown, NY Rangers, Austin Powers, Sheryl Crow, Stevie Wonder and more
Daily Pollen'Cast | The count is on the rise today.. around 10.3!
I'm going New England drag tomorrow with a Cali twist.
I love shopping at Such a good store :3
I use bit.ly, but had noticed that you used to use Hootsuite. Were their metrics good for you? You using bit.ly now?
appreciate the follow! I'd like to chop with you sometime soon.
RT : maybe one day. I think this city would really embrace a NBA team
Bridget we didn't help, but you got them both in.
Me too, in summer everything is easy, we can wear less and wash less. We can swim. Sunshine is also good.
thanks for the heads up!
So, if you feel a smile begin, don't leave it undetected, let's start an epidemic quick, and get the world infected! ~ Russel H. Conwell
RT : Okay refs, we get it. You're gonna give the game to the Heat any way you can. You can be more obvious about it, it's cool.
Surreal to see #ROC in the background of the piece on #Callahan on
Makes Homer... something something.
Bitches get Paid, and Hoes Get Laid. (:
oh snap
At prom . its dead in hear
My pleasure
RT - I don't want SOME data if I don't know it's GOOD data. [Lesson of the month]
first i park my car the i fuck yo BITCH.
hi Tia! Happy #Friday!
Doc: There's that word again "Heavy." In the NFL is there something wrong with the earth's gravitational pull?
Timing your story will make it or break it. Slow news days will give you the most success. Sell your story when the media is looking to buy.
RT It's going much faster today. A few more of Love's friends in court, which means more pink.
Also on tonight's episode of New Orleans Gourmet, of talks to us about their partnership w/
I'm beginning to find comfort in the 'invalid code' dialog that pops up. What stage of grieving is that?
Are you guys in Tallahassee?
where are you?
just some of the lovely products in our gift bag for
You will be entered to win a table side wine dinner for four just by dining at Vernon's today through Thursday, January 26!
wherever u go ill crawl to the ends of the earth to be there too <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>RT if u like that ide do that xx<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
What's the best thing you ate in April?
ONE HOUR AND 9 MINS TILL BOYFRIEND VIDEO!
you got it!
you goin to Olive Garden today? You seem to like that place just a bit ...;)
Wedding thank you note awkwardness: "Thank you so much for giving me a dutch oven. It was lovely."
you're so ghetto Eithan.
I saw a girl wit 10 different colors in her hair on the train...
Feeling charged up by friendship & Love.
Time for a much needed car wash
You don't think that I know that?
HI, Sara Morell!
We are open at 10:30 for Brunch today. Come celebrate Easter with an Omelette or Waffle!
Woohoo! WE DID IT! Ultimatum has a 1001 fans as of 6:00 PM on 10/18/11. Who were the two who just became our fan?
nothing against pugs but my favorite quote is "Forget finding the right man. Get a cat."
“: Still here About to start !” // one of the great volunteers at Cc!
On page 107 of our new issue reviews 3 great Christmas/winter brews this month...check it out...the guys knows his beers!
No kidding! GDL was great. Now I am drinking bud light lime!
Thanks for the follow! I'm at a 2000 follow mark until I get more followers. Looking forward to your tweets!
Joe where are you!?
The library didn't have any books about mental telepathy :(
Alaska and Hawaii
brie now it's 11:18!
Watching monk! And testing twitter updates from my phone :) yayy for technology!
So happy to find on Twitter!
Extreme caution is advised. Especially your dog. She loves dogs.
eastwood. By far.
“: Every time I see a dead animal I want to poke it with a stick... "Confirmation"” ----lol crazy
Here's I WEAR A GLOVE WHEN I MASTURBATE LOL, it fits the rhyme pattern xD
RT Tickets just released for the May 5 show. To purchase, call 718.636.4100
please use the dump button like DD
Havent tweeted on here in a long while. How ya'll been? :)
There are plenty of ways to get ahead.The 1st is so basic I’m almost embarrassed to say it: spend less than you earn.
Still have tacos on the brain? Try your favorite fish,blackened. Serve with chipotle slaw,avocado,pico,salsa and sour cream!
You will do great things.
I don't give af how many "problems" a motherfucker cause , you ain't coming between me , family , and my money .
Go ahead and vent! What's on you mind?
Had a lovely lunch with momma bear <3
#ff to some folks helping make Philly an informed city and region: , , , ,
A celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognised.
Kevin James "Poor communities need government services more and more. 400,00 jobs have left LA County."
#stepupgeno He is stepping up. Have u seen him play? ur one of those dumb yinzers huh? Never satisfied r u?
Barca on running for Gov. "It's probably premature at this point to say much of anything."
. It is a lot to see! For cocktails, def check out The Gibson & Also Poste has some great ones & nice courtyard.
Happy beaner day to all my fellow beaners... #twitterless father that includes you!
RT : Lin is a baller, he's got game! I just hate when sportscasters start making him the rep of the model minority << agreed
Prime Joint Support Formula - Start Young - Stay Young - Take joint supplement to help promote overall bone and joint health....
Justin Bieber please follow me on twitter please ? it would mean alot. please?
I do have to say I do not trust Sarah Palin though but it is nice to hear someone who likes her, also wants to know more!
thanks for the kind words. I second F's comments: we wouldn't have met without you. So THANKS to you too.
Nice! RT : I have a zero inbox policy. I have folders for everything and alerts for emails that I need to answer to immediately.
HAHAHAHA OF COURSE THEY'RE HAVING A PARADE!! oh, clovis.
then u can put em all in a huge box with a sign that says "Guess how many dvds and win a prize"
hilarious I felt I might have been the only person in America covering it lol
Intense game with Louisville pulling through at the end, makes me feel better about the spartan loss.... No not really
Women are angels, and when someone breaks our wings..we simply continue to fly.........on a broomstick. We're flexible like that! =)
"Like" TBH: Rate: What I Think About You: How Fell About You: (STRANGERS Can Like Too)
I'm sorry but I was unfollowing people who don't follow me. :)
We're finishing watching PORCO ROSSO by Miyazaki & Studio Ghibli. The dudes & I --and my mom aka The BabSter-- all love his films.
Someone should Skype in PJ Marshall.
i nedd a new phone lol
RT "To take a photograph is to align the head, the eye and the heart. It's a way of life." - Henri Cartier-Bresson
DC has officially been over run by the tourists
Del Grosso!! My phone always takes off the last O in spell check.
I wanna be faithful & commited
Public skating all day! Only $13 which includes skate rental. Bring the family and all those in laws staying with you. :)
I'm kicking the shit out of this day off from work. I'm going to the DMV.
Just keep talking ;)
My Daddy Said He Gone Teach Mhe How 2 Drive..I Aint Gone Neva Be Etd Home
that would make sense! I'm clueless... :)
Watching the spring storm roll in as we get ready for
rolled in late. ClintZilla calls it flex time, i call it strenf time. But i got my 7-11 cup, they got good stuff
RT : ANYWAYS!!!! Brewers baseball is 44 days away.
Do you think Steve Jobs left Apple with some great ideas of his so the company can continue creating the best new thing though he is gone???
Love Lightroom but how can some of these other add on apps charge half or in the case of one more than the program costs?
wow brown, I'm way late on this one. Good man how. Are you
If I can only teleport it to you but im almost done, give me 25-30 min. Im not far
excited to announce the only #charity party in LV on #NYE2012 to benefit LOCAL kids!
oh bummer! next time, hopefully we can give you more advance notice!
Yes, is up to no good. But that's what we like about him! He's gonna #bringit at tonight!
GOP goal is Obama failure. At ANY cost to the country.
ok sweet! And yep i still do just let me know :)
yeah it's a bit auto tuned but I like it anyway and that was only a 34 second clip so who knows :) Gonna request it at fly 92:)
Watch: Kelsey Grammar Gets Tattoo
I say Dinosaur RT : is it just me or does chris bosh kinda look like the loch ness monster?
"The role of a writer is not to say what we all can say, but what we are unable to say." (Anaïs Nin)
Looking forward to #AAS219 - just need to find cheap places to eat in Austin.
No, that is correct. That kid at the party canNOT find a tighter shirt. TFM.
Taking this week one day at a time...
Is 4:30 to early to change into my jersey at work?
congrats Zach and Kim!
Are you coming to NYC for 's birdday soirée?
CFO finalists unveiled: Tough choices had to be made - Louisville Business First (blog)
same for me lol
RT : When all else fails, take a nap
Now back to my regularly scheduled tweets...LOL
could you make this the best birthday ever and follow me pretty pretty please??? <U+E32D><U+E32D>
So funny-- that is my fave flavor and I was *just* thinking about it! ;)
Id rather go 100 mph in the wrong direction than nowhere
Pretty excited to see tonight.
I just woke up...Love hitting unnecessary buttons...of course, first rule of the internet, don't do it unless your eyes are open.
“: . is yet another example of a great speaker. Loving this presentation. #idea10”
Central Piedmont #comm_college shout out!
hi! i am good what about you sweetie?
eating chocolate flavored granola & thinking of
Look for the girl with the broken Smile <U+263A>. Ask her if she wants to stay awhile <U+2754><U+2755>
thanks! I'll check it out!
haha alright! that is definitely something we like to hear Dan, keep on listening! :)
We are definitely better than 33rd, we are underrated and overlooked as a nation in the FIFA world
Everyone wants the truth but no one wants to be honest.
#Performers #bands #musicians #performingartists GET YOUR PORTFOLIO ONTO Shastic.com NOW while it's still free! We're going big!
thank you! happy doing the many many things you seem to do with your time! so multifaceted over there.
I wanna make you feel wanted
Thankful = no more thanks for giving me some!
I can understand that. You rebel on!
Can we use a strobe light for our presentation?
Amen to that RT At last the Tour comes to life. Great rides today done by Contador and Wiggins.
Good seeing you again tonight :)
Happy July is finally almost over... Rough month.
RT : F$& roomba waking me up
Wow smh at some people!
If you try to hide your stomach in your pictures why not just try your best to get into shape...
Can't eat six hours before surgery.. So I'm going to work with my mom so I'm not tempted to eat at the house. Ready for this day to be over.
Hahahahahahaha I'm going to kick him in the face!!!!!!
Just did :)
lets go to the movies together all you need to do is come pick me up ... In Houston(:
#ThingsIwantTheMost to see finish training
Just found a perfectly good McNugget in my cousin's underwear drawer.
Watching the #HungerGames premiere-flipping out. I would give anything to wake up everymorning with the schedule of an actress.wantwantwant
So excited for tomorrow!
Have you tried our collard greens? If you haven’t, your stomach doesn’t know what it has been missing! Come give them a try soon!
“ No dude wants to ever hear the word "BESTIE" unless she ugly as hell.”
so when do you get it back....?
it's getting closer to CMA FEST time, I already bought my tix way in advance hoping u will b there, any word yet if u will b going?
you're mean.
No problem! Sorry, tried to DM you instead but was unable. Have a great day!
Spinning live from haven lounge with adam foster on www.radio4by4.com
"Under-earning: the pattern of earning less $ than you need." -Mikelann Valterra. Undercharging, never negotiating, giving your time away...
Hello king sized bed!!!
At your house! ;)
I go to my village ! Bye guys
yeah I will!
Watching the #hockey playoffs works up such an appetite!
Do you have a guide or anything about unregistering a .at domain when the time comes?
The most powerful and purest of love is found in a relationship with God
follow me justin ! ONCE A BELIEBER ALWAYS A BELIEBER !!!
Thanks. In-house experimentation aside, a bit of work left
RT @ SportingKC You've been quoted in my #Storify story: "Cinco de Mayo Sporting Style" http:
I don't need you. I don't need you anymore!
I totally agree with you about the stilts and the strippers. Get rid of them!
u can find mellow spots in SD. I would still love to move back to WI but my hubs is Ca thru n thru. I like it too but miss WI
Thanks! RT Pearl Fishers, bloodthirsty villagers dance before the scheduled execution. Great work dancers!
My contact is being stupid ad hurting my eye and I have no other contacts or glasses. FML FML FML
lol :D you too
Sweet. RT : The Georgetown blog is reporting UK to play Georgetown in DC as a part of the Big East-SEC Challenge.
nice intro Deirks :)
this is a phenomenal idea. Add cc:
that's such a nice thing to say!!!
it was awesome even though I fell asleep 1/2way through - watching it again tonight!
Both, I know you're the plug for the Haven afterparty, but I figured you knew who had the show tickets too
What would you tell my teenagers who will be going this summer to Stanford?
Haha(: You need to follow all my twitter friends!
laying in bed playing Super TextTwist with my cousin Caroline....tis fun at 3 am :) hahaha!
oh yeah!!! Please say u r a Redskins fan, no Panthers fan, no Cowboys fan yeah that's it! Go Cowboys!!!
"You need to be partners in more than just the physical side of Love." B. Smith & Dan Gasby
It's a new day:)
That's childish to me
going out to eatt!! :) with sabrina and boyfriend
Attention Softball Players!!! You can now pre-order 2013 DeMarini fastpitch softball bats! These bad boys will definitely step your game...
yeah buddy(:
kudos. I know how challenging that process can be.
Ii think I'm the only one at with out an Ipad ;) hint hint babe <3
I know I had an earlier post about Saturday Night Live. It just kicked off it's 36th season and my earlier point was backed up...
RT : Tell a #Virgo bullshit? It will be a mistake you will regret for the rest of your life."
No... I cannot... ": can you believe that some people actually drink orange juice without champagne in it!?"
People and their 20 word hashtags piss me off, like I can't even read what that's supposed to say
Goodbye title Man City. Yet another team to hand it to Utd on a silver platter.
dude your twitter is blowin up!!! :))))
So far we are getting rave reviews over our unique fresh made toppings and low prices!
Check out Boulderfest.com for the 3 day lineup and see when your favorite local bands are playing this year. Oh ya its FREE.
Watching play MW3 was
time for you to get a watch...BURN!
get used to it for a couple of months. It's the only thing I don't like in Cleveland is driving in the snow.
Took a shot for laurent!! Ya!!
Wait, so wants your money through to make a mobile app for them so they make more money? Wow. Sheeple.
Ohio State choked. Plain and simple.
Time is running out! Event proposals for #AWP13 are due Tuesday, May 1.
i'm watching you...
Good grief! Is there ever a dull moment at your house????
Worst Webinar experience this morning: Cision. No help for technical problems and shut out of audio and teleconference. ARG!
What happened to Spring?
TAXES O_o Waiting for a call from The Mom to help me out. Until then, let the swearing re-commence!
Mostly true: claim that new GI bill has helped 700k vets. Thanks Bob!
I got all the vegas details!
Today, stick to a strict diet of inspiring books, beautiful spaces and people who elevate.
He totally killed it at my library tonight. The reading of the opening paragraph of I Kissed A Zombie in German was brilliant.
Come get your yoga on bright and early at Hot Yoga of Bellevue!! 6-7am Power Vinyasa weekend detox! Hotyogainc.com
"The world is getting worse, Not because the bad are loud. But because the good choose to stay silent."
Thanks for the RT!
tht uz like the bestest day eva i dont kno ho to put my photos from my camera so ya (; <3333 miss u jojo
Happy Belated Birthday! Sorry Im 43 mins late...Owell
LOL! What did you watch??
I've never seen a game like the one at MSG where the refs have completely lost control of the game someone is going to get severely injured
Holy Guacamole! In less than one hour, students will begin to build what could be the world's longest line of tacos.
My personal pulchritude may not have overwhelmed the observers, but in that moment I found myself immensely, if not alarmingly, attractive.
Creativity comes from pulling yourself out of context so dramatically so you can see things you’re conditioned to ignore.
"'Cause I can't make you love me, If you don't. I can't make your heart feel, something it won't"
Dang is real friendly making all our guys laugh over there on first!
Thank you for including us! Gameday Specials
Pakistan does NOT need another natural tragedy. The floods, now this.. Its waging enough other battles. Hoping not too bad
same here thats EXACTLY how i feel like idk whats wrong with me like why cant i ever be happy hahahah whttf
People only get jealous when they care
Saw that you're coming to the #atthack Palo Alto - Can't wait to meet you!
I don't like extremely saucy (overly tamarind-y) pad thai which is Ha Long Bay's downfall. Sala Thai is probably a safe bet.
Just watched #Friends - the One with the Embryos for the 96,000th time. Best. Episode. Ever.
Everyone loves you! My taste buds especially love you, thanks to Jaleo's garlic soup. One of the best dishes in DC ever.
Likewise, sir.
After listening to the live-recorded show on film music, I just gotta say that is fuckin' fantastic.
fends off competition for last - still all alone
lol sad right? ud think it been MUCH longer
Could use a Margarita right about now!! Good think I am friends with - today is going to be a good day!
Lololol RT : Just took a quick break to make a grilled cheese sandwich. It's The Curse of
ok just making sure :-P
Fell headfirst down half a flight of stairs :D
Tie game
Driving would be much more exciting if it was like Mario Kart
I hate those ghetto ass black girls who keep a scowl on their face 24/7 ...lifes not that bad !
Relocating tomorrow
I hope Forte does not win this challenge
I want some crispy wings....m
“Enthusiasm is excitement with inspiration, motivation, and a pinch of creativity.” -Bo Bennet
Sleepover tonight? :)
real talk
Did I leave my phone on a table in the library?
yay! May the 4th be with you on your drive...
you should get someone still in LC to write a review and staple it to his door. with a chocolate bar bribe or something.
Knock-knock! Who's there? Phil. Phil who? Phil's like in between heaven and hell.. ;D
Thanks Eddie. Would be great to have a contact down there. I am flying in Johannasburg 1 day, Durban mostly and Cape Town a few
I'm honestly considering it. It's really the ultimate troll move.
Thanks! Happy black friday.
I see you are in D.C., were you in the Burgh before? We lived in Potomac, MD for 10 years also.
Filed under Game Tester Job Openings by Doree on Aug 12th, 2011
Here's to growing up!
oh ok. But overall. It wasn't like I was going past the beat or slowing down on it? Right
Repondez s'il vous plait, meaning "respond if you please." It is a polite way of requesting a response to the invitation.
The hardest job in the world, is the best job in the world. Thank You Moms!!
i paid $15 for this shitty internet on the plane that won't play netflix or hulu... argh!
path of vietnamese refugee entry into u.s. is map of military bases is route of empire.... yen le espiritu
Brewing a second pot of coffee already. :P It's decaf though, so it shouldn't matter..... right?
this lineup really sucks. Braun & Lucroy are the only ones I pay attention to at the plate.
Roosters wings (Hot) in Lex! The real deal-BH
Should be out for at least another hour. You coming?
Come try our sauces! We have so many to choose from. You'll love our Jack Daniel's Ketchup, 1000 Island or Citrus Aoili.
Last chance to get your tickets for our Be A Voice Awards Luncheon this Thursday! Thank you everyone for your support!!
i don't think he could manage to get into the paper bag.
I got a "Neckline Slimmer" as a gift. Is that an insulting or thoughtful present? Either way the thing works fabulously...
I seriously want to fuck that ass.
Saying YOU'RE WELCOME really loudly when people don't thank you
blink-182 is my favorite band forever and ever!!!! i watched your after midnight cover and the gotye cover, nice voice =D
Whenever you are to do a thing, though it can never be known but to yourself, ask yourself how you would act were all the world
Great! Guadalupe will be signing that Sunday morning if you'll still be there, but otherwise we can still save you an ARC!
DEFINITE FAIL!
you are a man amongst boys. #truegentleman HE GOT IT
Good stuff, sorry for the delay Lorrieirbyj
well u should know because yours are most awesome!
Man, you need to squash his thoughts on that...lol
There are so many empty seats on this bus, why do you have to sit right next to me?
#Voiceover is a wonderful way to make a living, but now I'm going to get some rest before starting afresh in the morning.
That last tweet was to get my tweet on the jimmy fallon show! Haha
#Natitude Ready for another #baseball #Nats Win!!
What a world we leave in!
Gross. Start saying inappropriate things, and maybe they'll feel awkward enough to adjust.
Kind of crazy that now is one of the owners of MySpace.
at least I saw your post from 3 min ago rather than 3 hours later
At school.
This rain is messing up my day!
Had a great workout this morning though...
indeed. COGIC Amen
Dear Spammers -- I automatically hit the report spam button when I see eggs, boobs, offers 2 show pics, unsolicited sales pitches, etc.
One of the biggest in our history. Harsh luck thus far about England though
#lovebattle if my "couple" friends share their eharmony FB couples timeline, I might puke. Don't forget core brand purpose.
well im on my tab. It was more money for my laptop so I had to pick one
giiiiiirrl i needs to get toneed, i dont want to - make a wave- with my legs lol, naah i lost my inspiration haha :)
no, no I don't.
im talkin bout the cartoon on Kids WB lol
Our pleasure! Thanks for organizing the chat. Looking forward!
Last night I saw 'Sound of My Voice' it left me frustrated and bored. at least the drinks were good!
Playing an acoustic show Saturday, April, 7th for the label expo
Awe, and mike visiting me on my sick day :3
RT : I'm gonna eat at one of the many restos don 25% to #DOLDC support
Stopping the shoe game, and starting with watches.
#IfOnlyICould get too tweet me one of those 'i love you<21' tweets causee' i lovee himm <21
Lots of ISSMA ensemble festivals and contests this weekend - Tweet us your group's results!
#JimLetten has gotta be up for a promotion. How can we keep him?
Damnit, Jannie! Saying it with fervor and attitude doesn't make it more sincere!
Nice <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4> RT : I don't wear pannies 80% of the time
Ah, thanks. I'll make the correction.
Must follow Amazing n funny
went to a concert
Hadn't heard about that before. Designing the Invisible certainly passes my page 99 test. :)
Here we go...the President can't control himself...
Warm in da chi
hmm..you don't have diarrhea of the mouth..like some of these shitheads..ever been to twitter jail?...
not there yet, but on our way. Made a pit stop at the Grand Canyon.
A fool if u need me to handle your light work in DC that shyt aint bout nuffin #GBE #DUDLEYBOYZ fuxx 3milli its always 300 BLAKE!
i swear u can't be a good guy now days .....
BYE. Also, Voxer will charge you unless you're on WiFi ... so only do that.
I call false advertising on this peach.
..............having said that, the music played, whilst 'popular' was very enjoyable
My Moms tried to tell me how to play bball
Royalty or loyalty
It's in LA
50 cent wings at Chubbys this week!
Just discovered the show Eureka on NetFlix. Work break.
im gunna go soak up some vitamin d with
man, i got a short attention span...but on the real... is the issue at hand
Shouldn't have had the macaroni.
The Clippers give off that douchbag aura
RT Unlike artists on broadcast radio, artists on Pandora radio get PAID.
Let see how honest and forthcoming the NFL owners really are! Open the BOOKS!!! Union, don't back away from your demands. long live the fans
whats good bro, its Jose back in the states..
Who's going to see at tomorrow? We'll be there!
how is recovery coming along.
All this talk about CMS & anthropology has me wanting to build virtual museum of masks and cultures!
I want to book u for a party but its in england so would I have to pay for your plain tickets ?? X
TGIF but first another trip to the data center
we recorded the presentation, it will be posted online after Gotham JS.
thank u Jesse!
Huh #stoptalking!!! Im trying to concentrate here :0
my heart cold like russia, got jerked at the source awards, next year 200 niggas coming with swords!
": Possible "win and in" games on Saturday: N.C. State (at Clemson) and Dayton (vs. UMass)."
Recording a new song
im kicc ya ass next time down there
Just talked Liz Crowe through her first signing using - she had a blast! *happy dance*
Yes & thanks!
I think I'm falling ;)
I propose a social cookie week.
NBC's prime time schedule.
I honestly cannot fathom that Ben on the biggest loser lost 44% of his body weight. Incredible! Go BEN !
Felix G. Rohatyn~ What is desperately needed ... is the skepticism and the sense of history that a liberal arts education provides.
Happy Valentines Day everyone!
RB Justin Davis is the most important target for the 2013 USC class.
bout to hoop at sc park!
follow back please
The need to play every game like they did today.
ugh, it's making me crazy, especially since I'm trying to get to work by 0600 tomorrow. I'll just have to take a lunch time nap.
Life is short, don't wake up with regrets. Love the people who treat you right, & forgive... but don't forget the ones who don't.
lead us to the win! #Heat we need to get back to lock down D
Maybe although I'm skeptical since the one Black guy scheduled so far is only 'Homeless guy'.....but there does look to b some
Love sees the invisible, believes the unbelievable and recieves the impossible. Have faith in my love for you.
Always wonders if everyone is this awake and perky at 730 at the last day on confrences on sats or is it just librarians.?
marketing team.glad to hear of the 40% off of playoff gear at pantherland but,what about those out of state?Online would b nice
That's just stupid.
I finally found my other sock!
Will do baybay!
Clearly, you bought the pogs without skulls, snakes or kaleidoscopic tie-dye. RT No one likes pogs.
Fail. Fixed!
#childhoodmemories My Gramma taking me for a pottery class and lunch at the Pasadena Art Museum (now the Norton Simon Museum).
This about to be real awkward.
...needs to be made ASAP, while as many of the original puppeteers as possible are still alive. 2/2
didnt kno makin out to much was a bad thing;)
ha - if Hamels got hit with a 50-day suspension from testing who would be shocked?
“ “ Hoes want attention, Women want respect...””
#SheWontTakeYouSeriousIf you don't vote
Not today... Social Science... all about brown people... :) "Chicano Studies"
hahaha now u just gotta except them two cuties <U+263A>
Hmm, I guess maybe my computer could have gone to sleep during the 7gb download and screwed it up. Will redownload.
Monday #Marketing Tip: Is it cold at your #dealership? Consider keeping a stash of heavy coats on hand for unprepared customers.
"Don't stitch me up. Thanks, Banks."
H school moments were bad,very bad,but nothing this mean & soulsearing,how bad can u treat those beneath ur power
Neither a wise not a brave man lies down on the tracks of history to wait for the train of the future to run over him ~ Dwight D. Eisenhower
Sunday potluck picnic for staff =) in central park~! ... pictures are up here www.myspace.com/ttwnyc09 check them out =)
I'll never get used to it, it's like the giants and jets coming together to form a new team
I left Henry's "tiny bear" at the gym & Molly just told me I am only nice to Henry & not the girls.
I'm a fan of all (beliebers, mahomie, rushers, etc) so if sum1 tells me to follow this person caus they r this n that.. I'm not goin to be
“: From groundbreaking to opening day, Disneyland was built in just 365 days.”
not really. Just me being stubborn :)
Man, I'm sorry you diden't make it. Next year i guess.;0)
This is really interesting episode of #30Rock...that is all.
- WTW!? I can't post a happy HAPPY BIRTHDAY greeting on your FB Wall. Only choice is to post under your VD Awareness post? Ugh!
So guys I love <U+E022>
no, it's actually me saying that.. lol.
Lmfao , That Day Chayla Smiled At Me , Kaylah Said She Wanna Rape You .> I Was Too Fucking Done .
We want to make NYLA a more dynamic org. What would you like to see in your professional library organization?
Finally got my phone straightin out
laughing in the middle of the night , waking your aunt up, and being yelled at in spanish to go to sleep. :c <<<
hook it up!!
I understand that, my grandma is a social worker. and it's hard for her, but she loves her job
Spanish GP Podium. Maldonado, Lorenzo, Raikkonen
Helping girlfriend move - what is up with this "having real furniture" thing?!
I get into WAY too much ice cream when I work from home.
Does the media provide too much scandal coverage? That's the topic Monday at 6 w/Glen Moberg & media columnist Tim Cuprisin.
where u hittin?
im so with u on dat 100%
Just bowled a 140. Highest score ever.
but of course.
Suerae, Headsup ..your blog connections are not working :(
please follow us! i'll bake s'mores brownies for ya if you do! (even though i'm in new york and you won't get them...)
Just found Ren & Stimpy on Netflix...It will b playing all weekend while working on JenoLo Tees
Aw! RT : About to see do some kickass improv with my lovebug and the unstoppable
Random people keep trying to add me on skype...maybe if they weren't old and cute I might add them ;)
I know you've been hurt by someone else . I can tell by the way you carry yourself . <3
What can produce more energy then the entire solar industry? Trash can.
I know right, lol. It look scurry.
Some cool ways to trick a woman into bed include being kind, making her feel special & showing her respect
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Where The Wild Titties Are
Game 3 Friday..Lets see how that goes...
Bitch I'm me!
Just got done working 10 hours! Time to play some #MaxPayne3! -
who wants to hangout now?
listening to Last.fm
they say the darkest hour is right before the dawn
Wouldn't have found this if not on the front page of the print paper; long live physical materials/serendipity! ;-)
ME TOO. But I will devour anything that I read by choice, even if it is super academic.
What's up ma let me get a line so that i can see what you working with , i wan't to hear your beats.
Always wanted to go to the EMP! Not sure yet though.. I'll be a first-timer at MLA
Is it sad that I didn't go to the beach this summer.........and I live 5mins away........ I think yes and i now am regretting :|
Thanks so much! Gonna be a min. Have another couple big announcements prior to releasing the first tune off my album. Stay tuned!
RT I'm saying. Need to douse the body with holy water, make a trip to the Vatican, bathe in the Jordan River...
I tried to put my track on the ourstage competition but their system is down til April 22. I can wait
Excited for a great night at with Sunday Funday !
like how you gonna make a song about planets and don't even know all of them?
HAPPY OPENING DAY TO EVERYONE! GO TRIBE!!!
Grammy awards tonite= BULLSHIT like wtf all the ppl sang like shit accept for eminem,rihanna,katy perry,lady gaga,and drake! lik ...
Over/Under on the number of times you said "1-800-636-8686" during #SmackoffOnAMobile2? Let's set the line at 35...
the sooner, the better. Preferably during commercials.
is the #highered "best practice" just to follow other schools on what they do? There's no innovation, no risk takers.
first day of school! no textbooks! nuts nuts nuts. didn't read c&p either. bother.
was gudd twatter, i havent tweet tweeted in AWHILE
I swear, if you dont like my ways, den move tf up out the way.
please tell me you are not still at the office.
Barbecuing corn in the husk, and I just set an entire ear on fire. Holy crap!
Full Moon Party TONIGHT! beautiful night, people, vibe!
Ehhhh... what do we consider Justin Long?
Party in the Park returns TOMORROW 5/11 from 5:30-10:30PM at Yeatman's Cove. Performance by DV8, free food, great people, & it's free!
I am currently BORED
I was told has young nigga you can't fight learn if not shut the fuck up. I always been fight first shoot second.
Just got a random text announcing the birth of a daughter. I have no idea who it was from. If it was you, congratulations!
has moved out.
Why? It's cold here. And it's raining. And there is thunder.
youre so inspirational please follow or shoutout im in love <3
Han shot first.
Their ideas or "agendas" are suspect to me. September seems to be the only one w/ any inkling of compassion. It's his downfall. 1/2
Way to go JJ! Fuck man!
let me know what you think when you finally breakdown.
Been cleaning parts of my house..geez it was dusty...sorry been so quiet..
I'm so glad they received the box! I saw 's tweet! :)
it was hilarious. She asked for some of your drink lol
obsessing over the new Glasvegas album.
Conservatives are not at all the free market advocates they claim to be - they have their thumbs on policy scales throughout the economy
Me, too! She is hilarious!
We may agree about that. But the public school system has failed kids in Philly in a way that would not be tolerated anywhere
Lia and my mother look like twins except my mother's skin is brown.
listening to Anthrax's "Worship Music" now. Not sure why. It's great for keeping you awake through the after lunch doldrums.
thank you:)
“:when he followed me I cryed
Aw, hope you feel better!
Handle that ish.
But the wild things cried, “Oh please don't go- We'll eat you up- we love you so!” <U+2015> Maurice Sendak, Where the Wild Things Are
Oh, you hate Facebook? I’m sure complaining about it on Twitter will fix all of your problems.
Snowstorm tonight in TO... for once.
Can't wait for super bowl tom
Capri sun stock took a huge hit today
I hate teen mom..
In 1492 Columbus sailed the ocean blue. Happy Columbus day to all of you :)
I gave myself a full body clay masque - my skin is as soft as a baby's bottom! Great before self-tanning! www.SkinCareMasques.com
I gave up fake baking about 5 years ago and have never looked back ;)
This my shit
what I wouldn't do to be a fly on the wall.
Shump look done. Damn!!!
my wife wants to have your hair!
Bww , watching the game
your uncle will be very pleased that you finally got it together to serve hash. An RMB favorite.
your eyes? ;)
Long trips are amazing. I highly recommend a trek to Everest base camp (not the season now) and Nepal. WEW
Hot pockets and oatmeal. Lastnight I paid bills. (kanye v.)
thanks for the hug ;)
Damnit el rodeo you failed me!! There is not one parking spot!! #seriously ?
I like this one, Ziz. Hope you're doing well this morning!
you know the livingsocial lunch deal expired as I was trying to purchase
I was born a skeptic.
Thanks for visiting us yesterday! It was a positive and happy end to an eventful and exciting day.
Was going to take an Ambien...thankfully I have the USF game instead
hahahah I love you!
I have to go to school now...
Like us on Facebook for specials & instructor changes: East Village Body Shop Spas/Beauty
Thx for the free 30 min en route to #CES. Will come in very handy!
How You Doin :)
"I can get hood, I'm from Ross"
I'm bouta try to get put in twitter jail. Only thing is I proly aint got enough to tlk about
....and now #Klout will say I'm an expert on ipads.
Informal hunky-dory poll: how's it going for you all?
Watching Sheeple News for the LAWLZ
Civil Unions are an acceptable replacement for Marriage, just like charity is an acceptable replacement for health insurance.
I wonder what time it is in Spanish
ahh, haha i left a while ago =] see you tomorrow!
Eep, that last one was a phone-typin' 2-AM post-margeritas fail on my part! , thanks for the follow!
imma give u a retweet but stay off my timeline wit all that G talk find a way to block me with them
Okay, let's do this.
Ko speaks about social media and also ab out the sex pistols
Brooklyn, tomorrow night! niina pollari () reads, and there is pizza. 305 court street, 8pm.
shut the frack up.. You didn't!!!!! Wow. I am not sure how I feel about it... Thus far.. I am displaced and confused!
he is I dont know why people make him seem like he is an ass cause both time he was super nice
Follow & #INVEST in #EAv #EmpireAvenue #Twitter as we did-- CHEERs
You're in the mix with VJ GEORGE G, bitches!!!!!
A Bug's Life is still like, so cool.
repeat it all you want because I totally agree :D
Or...what 3" #Vinylmation would be cool to do as a 9" custom?
damn you all gotta get on the ball!!!
I'm supposed to be studying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Snow Flurries!? Really?! I know it's Winter & January.
Grease is the One that We Want
I cared, you didn't. I cried, you laughed. I was hurt, you smiled. I moved on, you realized. </3
Spring is officially here, and the rain has come with it. Tracked-in mud can leave your carpets looking drab, but we're here to freshen up!
Early morning Treadfit for the first time in a long time... I have a feeling I am going to be very sore/sleepy today!
Now I have a reason! AWESOME. Fuck everything.
boy that has to bug ya! Their has to be a buzz of what's going around your house? Bad jokes!
The person who really thinks learns quite as much from his failures as from his successes. -John Dewey
This new #twitter interface is right handed :( Does anyone know how to revert to old-twitter?
same old shit.
are you sure that was while we were there? mighta been fall of freshman year, when i didn't know how to do anything.
Thanks! Will check out these products. Glad I found you.
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!11
Real women get a call before bed, side chicks get a text.
#Pioneers take a 34-24 lead over the #MeanGreen with 16:42 to go in regulation.
I wanna go to a performing arts academy.
Congratulations to the Juilliard Jazz student composers and musicians who performed in the Juilliard Jazz Orchestra Originals concert!
I hope everyone is having a good week.
Itz my song.:..hope u liked it
is the funniest dude in the world....
Congrats! That's big news times three.
its not as rude as you! ill get one in june
Stand-By Alert !! Tchoupitoulas -- Saturday
was it good?? I heard it didn't have good reviews
#BBW #Royce really needs to start acting her age...
Swagging and smoking some kuuuush!! get like me, and stop worring about bullshit and be happy. lol
And you want to be dressed in poetry, But imagery doesn't fit And you want resizing, But darling dear get a grip. "Lyrical Lies" by CIWWAF.
Let him down right overit.
good morning drinking down my coffee with some MaxPro good stuff giving free samples @ w.mmabq.com
Even when life seems too hard, believe you can face it, not because you're strong, but because God is with you.
time to find new friends
luckily I can recite that movie by heart.
They have room for more than one, but for whatever reason Calipari feels they only need one more guy at this point.
On my grizzly
good afternoon
"Close out games are easy" ey Bynum you fuck
do you notice all your beliebers!?
Thank you for having me. It was a wonderful experience! I can't wait for next week! #YPSupport Thank you ladies!
NOT LIKE THAT <3
You're doing it? DOPE. Get it get it get it.
Going to be honest, I've got a whole new love for "Call Me Maybe" after #140cuse yesterday.
No school today #sick:/
Muwahaha!! Must be like looking in a mirror!
each team lists the songs on their website
What's the largest work reimbursement you've ever submitted? Mine was over $5,000.
yes, roughly 2 hours from now.
i hear ya RT : We haven't won jack for 20 years...and we win tonight, and some are still pissed? Un-believable!
“: threadless pairs well with African curry dusted Key West shrimp and cilantro lime vinaigrette. #CCBW” That's awesome!
I missed u too but I heard the laughter thru the wall so knew it was u!
oh work how i hate it..atleast sam comes in:-)
Good morning to you!..have a great weekend too!!
speaking to your other side: the Kardashians and Jersey Shore will soon be old news, doing good or giving will always prevail!
Ready for a fresh start
Ready for Thanksgiving Day Dinner orders at www.PatricksCatering.com Save 25% when you mention this tweet
Thank you to all emergency medical personnel who save lives every day!
Just got attacked by a gigantic killer fly wif
I really love that when my friends and I end conversations we always say "I love you". It makes me feel... loved! :)
I suck at twiiter
predicts in a landslide.
Anyone dressing up as Rick for Halloween this year??? Tweet your pics !
Let's go
To celebrate the storm is gone, and have a good time, go to www.thehurricaneclub.com
Listening to the Dj play good music while I'm just chillen makes work enjoyable
you are our first entrant! Tell all of your friends at
Yes! It's the altar call of academia -- get right or get out, this is your last chance to be saved ... get it?
thanks for the hardwork! Get that degree and on to the next step! Good luck!
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success. Joyce Brothers
Happy Birthday! Have a wonderful day! :)
Tip #161: Sometimes the best decision we can make is to quit playing for the night.
John 14:12. Praying for the impossible. Praying for my city.
hey sis are you coming here this weekend?
Talking to !!! Get to see her tomorrow!
Classic LSU cheap shot because they remain down...
loved it :)
At very gray LAX- en route to Folsum for Universe of Dreams tomorrow. No, not the prison
Back in Florida after an awesome week on the Pearl with Thanks for a great first cruise and first time outside the US. :)
Always wanted to taste cuy!
yes. A long time ago, they use to have a thing called "music videos" I remember when it first started
The purpose of life is to fight maturity. Werthimer, Dick
Belgium and Netherlands
have faith son!
ADAPT Training is 12 years old today!!! Thanks to all of our friends, family and clients who have helped us grow!
If YOU want to sign up for Year 4, send an email to and request a registration packet!
Be sure to check out Kevin's "Talkin Walkin" pod too! Chris Walken has never been funnier!
-I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!
Lead story on ESPN.com: "Tom Izzo doesn't like Michigan." Stop the presses.
i miss talking to your beautifulness(:
Haha. Yeah it would be sick. Funny thing is Subway sent me a coupon for the hashtag reference. Haha.
Why am I in school...o yea im a good student...wish I was at the beach
“: “Shame is a tool of oppression, not change.” There’s no shame in living with a
Who the hell is going to buy a "sports" 2seater hybrid that gets 31mpg and goes in 10.5 secs? #HondaCRZ Original CRX from 80s got 41mpg
no but IM hispanic why?
Your dignity is all you have
Your heart beats over 100,000 times a day!
it's running every Sunday at noon fwiw, me & start headsup if we have to. I anticipate a decently full game Sunday.
The amazing performing at Silk Exotic tonight and in studio in a little bit.
Daily GTKY question: Do you get massages, pedicures or manicures?
Live out of your imagination, not your history
Next Houston show coming May 27th, more details coming soon!
Just now. Evidently I am an offensive lineman! Good news is NFL pays much more than college administrator!
should be! it's a mix of stuff: information abt estates, renovations to buildings, annual reports, and, of course, burial records
FAT ASS!!!!lol
thank you!
Houston...we have a problem! =)
ASMAC PRESENTS: A luncheon with Frank Marocco-the most recorded accordionist in the US- Wed. April 20th 11:30 Catalinas Jazz Club Hollywood
"relax girl, sip some of my slurpee. You don't have to lie to me, it's fly to me."
I can't wait to get home nd eat
Looking forward to it!
Nothing like a little John Williams on Pandora for mornings like these.
Blue Magic just came available for the night of Friday February 12th! Contact us for details on how to book! 447.2446 www.okcpartybus.com
The question plagueing earthwork contractors in Northern Virginia. When will the rain ever stop? The answer, site drainage! Ask ECS about it
Olympus Group Orlando facility Open House Wed., November 16th 4-7pm. Live demo of vehicle wrap... music, food. Join us.
Discover and apply for the latest #job openings at Peoplefluent – Follow
I love the city of #Pittsburgh so much!!!!!!!!! <3
lol no not the workout
I hate working this late and having school tomorrow.
David Stern really told the refs to get the Lakers to the line more. He don't want SA v Indiana in the finals. Though I wouldn't mind it.
After 3 yrs of strict no-Yankees policies I finally picked up Andy Pettite in my fantasy baseball league. It was him or D-Cab.
do you think you'll get the first comment? :)
: Collaboration is critical for consistent deal management
What are your #top10favouritebands? better be on the list! ;)
So busy playing this last month! So much fun! Time to balance life with work again? Maybe! But would rather continue to purge my house!
Dear God, I wanna take a minute, not to ask for anything from you. But simply to say thank you, for all I have! #THANKYOU :)
Reminder: We'll be open at 5pm today! Come down for some nachos, a cold drink and the best pinball selection in town!
I am so freaking hungry, and the food man came in the salon with a couple of plates. How you come in a salon with not enough food to sell
Mission accomplished
The Books: Slouching Towards Bethlehem: &#39;John Wayne: A Love ...
Betty Cone with is up next with our announcement!!!!
what up with my follow back.
Uh-oh. Outline for my comprehensive exam in Transatlantic Disability History is ~40% done and it's at 2336 words.
Oh crud. British secret service is already at my door.
I get mad when communities that have a lot say they will not take on their fair share. Why should I live take on their burdens? QOL
Sometimes I wonder if some people have children, JUST so they can boss someone around and get away with it. hm
“: The boys of never again talked to me, but I still love them! (: #INeedYouInBrazil” stop that!! We LOVE YOU!
Give the gift of incredible memories-send someone "Cruising Italian Style" on Costa Cruises. 10 night cruises from $64 per day 800-803-7245
that's what you used to tell me about your hoes remember? ^.^
Happy Mother's day my friend! Long time...
and why not?
Counting down to happy hour! :-)
that awkward moment when your grandma lives in NC. and she voted against gay marriage. Dont worry girl.. im still gay!!
the candidate never showed up
wiz your tweets are real and you speak the truth! Wiz
oh yeah you want to have a war with me
First Tweet!
Loving holidays with &
This summer. Eat, workout, work. Repeat.
You roam internationally!
i hear sex noises :O.
Izturis is a cancer to the Brewers. What is he doing on the team?
(Should be a billboard)
it really is, isn't it?
If we had any sort of contact before, text me so I have your numbers.
81% of shoppers conduct research before they shop typically for an hour or more
Mark Barron is the player that would most improve the Eagles in '12 if drafted. IMO, not sure if there is a starting S on roster right now.
awe, sad day. But hey, at least he's making baby steps!
sorry daddy but youre must goin to the hell)))
When you're down and out- your in the perfect place to express yourself.
can't see the man's hands, def her 'O' face haha
#1001CubanWaysToDie Not knowing your north to south when in a Banana Boat trying to make it to Miami
#YouKnowItsRealWhen ur out on a date wit ya new new & u see that old thang looking rite & tight...
I Got A Good Grade On My Test 2day Doe..
I found a picture of my cousin and her boyfriend on Tumblr. Oh my gosh, cutest couple ever. I mean, ever. :)<3
Yeah, tell that to the "social conservatives" who keep voting for greater control over other people's sex lives.
your song yes i can is uh-mazing!! i just finished a song but i have yet to record it. :(
Thanks guys! Things have been going much better today. When it rains, it pours!
Now we have to root for the Yankees. Somehow, this is JD Drew's fault.
Shoot me now!!
Just saw the Delorean. Glad to see Back to the Future is still alive in the heart of that guy.
Ortegas wishes everyone a very Merry Christmas! Enjoy your quiet time and time with family.
My legs are still shaking from that 850 cal burn. was it just me or was the weightroom hot as Hell today?
": We're Austin-bound! If you're going to #sxswi, DM so we can meet". Would luv highlights from #sxsw edu
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen your alarm goes off and you're not even sleeping yet ...
Im gettin tired of androids..cant wait to get the iPhone 5...whenever df it comes out that is..
Hm the question is Should I apply to be on the bachelor?
Currently being told I need a man with confidence because I'm too much to handle <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Goodwin puts his very speedy toes to better use. Nifty run and it's first-and-goal.
Officially in San Diego for #alamw11! Psyched to explore the city and experience my first conference!
First tweet from my #thenewipad !!
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow <U+E32D><U+E00F>
Sweet bitter words.
WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE. YEAH
So I used to think all these butterflies were cool, now they are just annoying and keep flying into me
Romantic Tip #421.5 - Discover your partner's passion! What do they love - like a hobby or a passion for their heritage or a sports...
Isn't that a 1980s comedy bit? You should be standing in front of a brick wall with a microphone.
How do I make Tuesday paper/advertisement deliveries stop for good?? Please help!
1 month today and I will marry my best bud & fav PLN member #ecstatic I heart that we have the same passion for Education!
but you're brown. You're already made to bake in the sun.
miss you too cupcake! :)
Think Like A Man was fucking hilarious.
i'm going to be in a bad mood until summer starts.
TY for including my blog in The IEP Daily.
I love Maroon 5
Awesome, will do!
Nobody love me like you DO!
oh boy, and I have to get up at 6am with the kiddo. Well, more coffee... :D
Not in the loop with Snippets? Sign up at www.clefnotesjournal.com/subscriptions
PARKING TICKETS in the FIREPLACE
zombies vs werewolves vs vampires vs aliens. who wins?
no, I really dont
Happy Thanksgiving!
Every time I see a Geek Squad car, I slow down thinking it's a cop. Then I realize it's a VW Geek Squad bug and resume speeding.
RT:Justin granted the most Make-A-Wishes last yr & asked for no cameras. Dont know how much more hands on u can get w/ charity
it's been a good run hasn't it?!
I need more followers I follow back please thank you
Edward Walker: is it going to be face-to-face? Is it going to be technological? Two questions have been split too far
yea :( “: Did he have to cut his hair for the airforce”
Drinking a pina colada made by One word...amazing.
did you try the raspberry extract yet,super good in white chic coffee
Ha Ha --> RT : Seattle city council working on medical marijuana dispensaries and allowing more food trucks
Now to organize my list of new #Genealogy ideas & links learned from #Rootstech and put them to good use on my Tree and website.
Collin Wilson is on the first line!!!
Going out to get some dinner. Thinking the Blazers will be a different team when I get back to the hotel
Woah, now there's something I haven't tried. Thanks!
RT: Magic Johnson wife stayed wit him when he had HIV and niggas girls leave them cause of Twitter & Facebook
every year they try a new studio show, can't get anything close to TNT“: Why is ESPN dropping Stu & Hannah for host-less NBA 2ni
Obama signed the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act into law in 2009 and considers it one of the key achievements of his presidency.
we don't have TIME for all these fuggin freethrows -_- quit fouling.
Crazy summer ahead! So much going on I can't even keep my head straight!
We're getting back to work on March 10th with our new (old) drummer, Kevin Nix coming back in the mix! Dan McGuinness Spottswood - 9:30!
the black ones are right on my knees
My eyes hurt cuz I spend to much time looking at my phone
Loved that talk !!!!! Thanks!
NOPE, WRONG. its an essential on NOTHING. no exceptions. (ps- i eat BST's.. Bacon Spinach Tomato #funfact )
Question as a result of Apple #CBL webcast - are we all moving to anytime, anywhere learning?
how many pages of the kite runner do we have to read?
In the splendor of your majesty from deep within my spirit sings...
We'll be fine <U+2605>
Don't be fooled. loves British soccer and hates freedom.
Back into the studio today to track guitars! Psyched!
I'll get on it. Deadline?
oh Nevermind you old enough lol I'm 27, da ball park use to be off da chain too
that should be the name of ur next mixtape
no that's tomorrow
The folks on clean up crew.
First presentation cancelled due to snow storm....craziness, its late April!
Thanx ma'am<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
studying, cleaning, and listening to kevin hart.
im sending something today
Looking for creepy dudes? Try any park.
Here's to waking up and getting outta bed before 9. I can do this.
I miss you.
oh brother, He sure has a lot of faith in you. Praying hard.
DRESS TO IMPRESS
I do not tell lies
you are coming with me next time! It's a crazy time!! You will have a blast
Dozens of artsy guitars popping-up in Waukesha! Find out about the rockin' project that could put Waukesha on the map, tonight at 10, TMJ4
In the meantime, though, I guess no performing brain surgery for me. ;-)
If you win tonight's $363,000,000 Mega Millions drawing, what's the first thing you'd buy?
I don't get the oxy comment but u are def a talented counselor
these old ladies at burger king >>>>>>>
"The Hunger Games" ... meh.
can't wait!!! #Cleveland #comicbook love
I understand that friends come and go.. I still love you all.. <3.
How about a Startup Weekend in Milwaukee? Let's discuss using the hashtag #SWMilwaukee #startups Please RT!
Consensus based standards: Anyone can send in comments, and they all need to be answered, addressed. & the process needs to be open
can't wait!!
look @ my loving son talk the truth daddy loves you
Ughh my head hurt..
RT : Look forward to seeing everyone. Going to be the best year yet! RT : See you there!
I Got A1 Everything
lol you're funnier than I remember.. jk c;
very nice!
And North Carolina remains in the dark ages.
Chris Breezy for the win! haha... not.
australia. next stop for thr tour...
If u spend any of your child support money on your new nigga u r not allowed to celebrate mothers day
Hey, you should give us a call so we can fix it 611 from your cell phone or 888-944-9400
Thanks for the follow. A "music blog of sorts" intrigues me.
Why am I using hashtags all of a sudden?
Me:"aoki is going to put the team on his back" next pitch
yo mama so fat when she got on a scale it said 123... get your fat ass off of me.
he's gonna be in it ... he's Beetlejuice again.
Ok, the voucher includes the cover charge, meaning after you sit down to eat, you'll still have $50 to spend! Hope this helps!
Finishing up this week on new taxonomies for public utilities and DAM system. New taxonomies for healthcare insurance starting today.
yea u betta stop at my house first with some jambalaya!!!!
just found zorap.com - can create personal page allowing synchronous sharing of video, music, photos etc with mutl-point audio and video.
BITCH PLEASE lol
Well, off to fitness 19 I go!
Another cousin is home safe after a year deployment - Matt K. This one from #Iraq. Welcome home, sailor!
I'm good and you?
LMFAOOO. Pussy. RT : Ike Taylor, asked to say something no one knows about Hines Ward. "That's what he does. He cries."
"Don't waste your words I don't need anything from you. I don't care where you've been or what you plan to do."
Having one of those cranberry-juice-all-over-everything-you-own-including-your-pants days.
Ya baby, nice win tonight! Where u at Milwaukee? Get behind this team!!!
Ha! I'll suggest that HTC buys WebOS to my boss. Doubt we have much say in such things tho
Oh I want to go see them!!
Cold feet
No power for 2 days now... my o my thank god we have a generator or there would be no Twitter <3 Happy Halloween little monsters, be good ;]
these distinctions are important...
god looks bro.i appreciate that
You're slutty and you blow it.
i have the best twitter name cuz its real for me you can catch me with
"This drink is calling my name."
I want a Team USA plaid snowboarding jacket right now.
“: KUSC Thank you Dennis, for making my mornings sparkle!!!” Thanks Melody! 's way glad to help confuse. :D
Sierra! Love you Gurll! <3 Please DM me back! Love you xoxoxo
Thanks to all my clients for making me feel like a special mother today.
what do i do if the guy im dating has a rep of playing girls, and his bestest friend in the world told me hes playing me??
I hate kids that used to say "I'm giving up homework for lent!"
RT : TOLD THE GUY GETTING ARRESTED THERE'S OTHER OPTIONS CHOOSE HAPPINESS
OH REALLY THO
Between the #delongtrial result and, to an even greater degree, NY passing marriage equality, it's been a very heartening week
“: they all look dead?” yes! What did you think I meant
Thanks for a fun afternoon in the sun today!
All day! Thanks for following!
come with and to #CLV for St Pattys!!!
Kicking off day 2 with User Research is Unnatural
I Should Def Be Here... Come On By...
Cool! Who's your sis-in-law?
So, my mom gets a notification on her phone when she gets an email & she gets an email when I tweet. FML, that's why I'm tweeting here a lot
I have a math test tomorrow. I'm gonna cry.
lol I know I'm out there Thursday haha
Hello Sat!-8am baseball practice, lax game at noon in BFE...wine tasting at 2, derby party at 4.30..fine hats, mint julips..and they're off!
oh that sucks dammit guess ill cram 2moro too
yeah very well actually. This has happened to me so many times it doesn't phase me anymore. Things good with you?
Ah! RT : If you're a #Braves fan, drop what you're doing. Top of the 9th, 13-12 lead over the Phils. This is why we chop.
BLACK WOMEN'S POLITICAL ACTION COMMITTEE refuse TO endorse Earle b Turner THEY looked at his record & said NO U R not good for r city
lol. your bio cracks me up. fluent in French. youu wishh......and so do i. :P
Who the hell is kaydee?
Congratulations on fantabulous 12-weeks of Kitchen Chem. You rock!
woo! How exciting :) <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
6am and we still going hard!
hi jay! we are a fan twitter to share tw experiences with fanmily! please follow<33
I'm so disappointed. The Tigers ALWAYS, ALWAYS bring this city together. I can't believe we are one and done. Damn Tigers, DAMN
Going to go get subway
Vegas strip these people are crazy ass hell lol
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>I'm just sayin it's fine by me if you never leave<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+2764>
Would you unfollow me if I unfollow you?
Stop on down tonight to enjoy footloose hosted by chris v !
True! RT for the record I've never seen you shoot a gun---& I don't drink that much---other than that, sums us up pretty well!
I've been abnormally tired lately...
Amazon says Shipping Soon. I hope from Seattle otherwise there's no way in hell it will be here tomorrow. From Seattle maybe...
“: I'm considering it! Lol jp”lol you better not
Whoever is orchestrating these blackouts so that they occur only during midterms and finals is a genius and a terrorist.
MOPS ice cream social- NOW till noon @ park Taylor Ranch & Golf Course Road. FREE! Bring the kids!!
Had a great time speaking for GA HFMA at the Brasstown Valley Resort- wonderful people and beautiful resort
A #hangover is no excuse to miss the #RegionalFinals. #Manup, come to Schoolyard to eat $5 dozen bone-in chicken wings.
Albuquerque its going to be a long day! Listen to some new music!
I wish things would go back to how they were.
I seriously wish I could.
I'm so excited about this dinner at Eddie V's. I just squealed & did a pirouette like a 6 yr old ballerina. Yep, in public.
You have to be insane to leave Channing Tatum.
Have U tried the White #IPA? U should RT : chillin with double dead guy ale.
": Before I was a Directioner, I never realized how many times the word "Direction" comes up on a daily basis."
Happy National Baby Making Day!!!!!
You know James Harden goes left, but you can't stop it
is at Barley House near SMU- the hotbed of college football scandal with the boys from ESPN Austin. and - et al
women who were shapely are perceived to be more fertile
I'm having a movie night, who's joining me? :)
1 hour and 45 minutes until my weekend kicks off!
Just watched #Contagion and now I flinch every time I touch my face. Thanks a lot soderberg
The use of solar energy has not been opened up because the oil industry does not own the sun. - -RALPH NADER, Loose Talk
show was amazing! Thanks for always coming to turner hall!
Can't wait until finals week is over so the Christmas countdown can officially begin!
the old guy down the street: my fiber optic nightmare before Christmas
The most popular trend of 2010: incredulity. Really??? Seriously??? Really!?!?
Hold the phone:
I am currently in my yard with a milkshake in my hand, where are all the boys?
Life is a waste of time, time is a waste of life, so get wasted all of the time and have the time of your life.
The #Indians have #DanWheeler up in the pen. Down 5-1 w/ a man on 3rd and 1 down in the 5th.
I simply can't do it!!! Ugh
Yeah! Score one for the academics!
Thank u god for everything!
why did i have to go and do that that one night!?!?! Why why why!?!?!! ugh
Might take a trip to downtown Portland, And clear my head... #<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
do you know if that's a legit acct?
Got alot on my mind today, almost snapped on the bm, no mood for slick ass comments, bout got her head knocked clean off her neck!
nobody does. they just pretend.
Too Bad You're Never Hungry! JustKidding, LoveYouuu<3
Agreed. RT : Two of the coolest and intelligent ladies on Twitter.
Welcome To The Show 1.5 Hosted By aka Bruce Wayne Co Staring Vegaz Dre-No.
!!!Go Follow ASAP
began limoncello batch #2, cardamom schnapps, and laurel liqueur
me n Tysan jus listened to it thats it
To all the current Sleeping With Sirens fans, I loved the band before I knew what Kellin looked like.
Sets last year at Tupelo (NH) and RootsFest (RI) were outstanding! When will the Duhks fly back to New England?
Do the hokey pokey once a week, just in case that's really what it's all about. - Scott Friedman
Seek and ye shall find.
So jealous that is at NKOTBSB. That was such a good concert!
Splash into spring with 20% off group swim lessons! Next session begins 04/13. Enter Splash20 coupon code for discount....
He nasty wit it.lol
sure Annie. Bring it on!
it is perfect weather! I feel like being out all day
Why do girls like throwing themselves on guys that don't even like them? Like fuck. You see him talking to a pretty girl then BAM! SLUTALERT
I always ask for Sundays off and I just got asked to ride with this cat going to meet Earnest Pugh. This is dumb
Ha! #BestFFever, thx! : #ff -if he didn't exist, Twitter would have 2 create him just 2 keep things interesting
that made my night low-key
We will see everyone in #Pittsburgh tomorrow. Look for us for a special opportunity for your staff.
Searching for a mass grave in Lithuania near Giedraiciai. Leave in a week for our film shoot in Lithuania.
yeah, interesting article. I'm an acquaintance of someone associate w/ the company. Gr8 to see them making a positive impact
i wish i had a gf
Happy Saturday to everyone!
Ew I just farted and it stinks. Bahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaahahah
Chocolate covered pretzel shots? And what?
that is good that took care of you. They need to keep this good PR up due to all of the bad Cruise PR lately!
thanks for listening, are we worthy enough to be on your iPod? ;)
Andrew Jackson Jihad with Joyce Manor tonight! The End, 8pm doors. Come party!
UNFOLLOWERS GET BLOCKED.
I want a churro!
Happy Birthday I love you Sis <33
LOL maybe it was in a joking way haha
DEMI!! OMG LOVE HER!!
My summer has began!
Daily Muse: "Destiny is not a matter of chance; it’s a matter of choice!” Anonymous
sweeps the series vs the Sooners with a 9-4 win today in Norman! It's 4:40 pm and....
y I'm not passing..
RT : It's time for #soloPR chat for independent pros in PR and related fields (and those who want to learn more about it).
M just got done eating some BBQ ribs!!!
The biggest difference between Canada and America that ive noticed so far is that my bank card doesn't work here.
“ bust a nut on her face and tell her its a baby shower..”
Why did everybody hate Wesley Crusher so much?
Prom dress shopping was a success <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Debug Bar, not Debug Bra.
What kinda entertainment u want ?
The Silk Tie likes Diego!
I just gave a homeless man $20 bucks. Poor guy:(
screw them! GO HAWKS!
yeah that's my problem :/
...ur welcome x wife
watching Hangover with yeah buddy!!!!
So, after a lot of consideration, it looks like I'm going to learn Finnish next. Onneksiolkoon! :)
Hell yeah all then dirty cops went down!!
my 4yearold daughter has down syndrome. Maybe you would understand if someone you loved was hurt by th word "retarded"or not.
can we send u some music?
Feeling like a giddy little school girl!
Then try to tell me not to do anything.
and I were wondering when the next #LCSN was going to be. Had not heard much in a while.
welcome to Twitter ! Tony, Cincy is always proud of your accomplishments! You the man!
Backstage right before Spain Mozart Requiem: mezzo thought hair spray was throat (misty water) spray. Somehow it went well anyway!
I know I can't even believed I asked you that. If someone would of asked me I couldn't give them an answer.
the fast green fox hopped over the tired dog.
Sit up straight! You will breathe better & deeper and may look thinner.
your welcome
#cosign #fitted>snapbacks
Okay, thanks. :/
love the new website!! We still have your resources- we are waiting for the perfect job do we can use your artwork.
Awesome leave some feedback and let me know what you think!
Year 8 science
The best part of graduating high school is all the money i'll be getting <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Problem ?? :D
Just discovered , a great place for parents to chill and relax and not have to worry about the lil ones
Anyone out there have the inside scoop on a great nonprofit management/leadership journal?
Red Robin..... To go...... I'll be back for my unlimited fries.
In each of our restaurants we provide you with the nutrition facts of everything you are eating so you can eat well and stay healthy!
I know! So crazy. I'm really curious to see what develops, apparently ESPN has fired her since the story came out.
Thanks, but will this work if the water has already dried?
The new Chicago Razorfish office is huge! Big decision of the morning, Dunkin' or Starbucks? Hopefully, I'll find the restroom soon too.
#ImSorryThat the way I dress doesn't live up to your standards, but #RealityCheck I don't live to please you.
Watchin my cousin sing Stronger by kanye an she can't sing and its so
#MyMomWouldabeatMyAssIf I didn't graduate this year
I am absolutely SHOCKED by this UNLV/CU game! Is this the same CU that played in the Pac12 this year?
I <U+2665> spanish class:)
You in town??
That's silly.... Everyone knows that Wikipedia is the true source of infallible fact.
Our pleasure :)
That's how you feel man that's really how you feel
You're just mad the Spurs, who "suck" have a fifteen game winning streak. :-) And are going to demolish the Thunder. :)
Does anyone else feel like Pinterest has been taken over by sorority girls and brides-to-be?
I began the article last night.
Did you know? Cedarwood is famous for its scalp and hair care. It has the ability to normalize both oily and dry skin and hair.
im lucky he's here! You can borrow mine at any time.
Really looking forward to this weekend in Phoenix.. Dbacks game, hotel, a lil freaky deaky....lmao
#WHYBVideo on RIH-peat AL-DAY
appreciate what?
#CLIPPERS "It's the best feeling when you have people screaming at you all game long and then see them walk out pouting." - Chris Paul
I'm loving the fan right now. San Jose is to hot for a husky bulldog tonight.
then you're gonna take me with you, right? :)
cheering for your team! Although that might be bad news for you since the last team I cheered for lost in heartbreaking fashion
i love ur hair style sexy body
Listening to the new Beach House. It's great. It sounds just like Beach House and Beach House had a baby with some Beach House tossed in.
we love you! Oops. Guess that wasn't a question afterall
Good Night, Trolls. Blessings! #wiunion You Did the Best!
ABC please let me play the son on #Smash like he's Terrible!!
hahahhaha, I know! & I kept waking up randomly. I LOVE YOU! hahahah.
Performing Bohemian Rhapsody with the bitches on Tuesday for everyone else in Glee Club
:) cute right
Kinect was initially introduced on June 1, 2009 at E3 2009 under the code name "Project Natal".
Monday Morning Brain Buster: According to a recent survey, 52% of men say they spend less than one minute doing what every morning?
Mondo Cane is a gorgeous record.
gotta a dog that just hates brushing their teeth? Give them a raw carrot to chew on once a day to help sweep tartar and plaque away! WOOF!
Raffi Torres should have plenty of time to hang out at the bath house w/ Daniel Sedin after that murderous cheap shot on Hossa
Thank you for liking my facebook page! I liked your facebook page too!
writing parents of my daughters kind. class re-food allergy.Teacher wants list-common snacks found & Dairy allergy-need more
I look bummy af today..oh well
A month or so ago... I thought it was pretty sweet too. I feel like a bad ass now. Apparently it's not a big deal though LOL
RT : If you plan to practice for the next ten years, what are you doing to understand your future clients today?
The only thing I can guarantee is that there are no guarantees.
oh okay ! i thought something was wrong !
Suck my cockiness lickk my persuasion eat my words and then ---swallowww your pride
fiesta texas tomorrow! so happy to be a senior!
Awesome soundtracking work by on most recent short documentary. Fun having such great talent right around corner.
#newpuppy I def want a French Bulldog next. :)
#grammarissexy #thanks RT : Yes, I just consulted the while writing an email to my friends.
REMINDER: TODAY @ 4p.m. in Adorjan142 Prof. Glover/Prof Bell/Prof. Ardizzone/Prof. Thompson will have a discussion on book/film:
Starting a convo with a smile. This is gonna be a good day.
be back later(;
Cheers! RT RT Bill Hall pre-game footage. Drink!
rack city bitch--thats the song you should sing
the 28x really has more than its share of characters I've found. Full of AMAZING OHs usually. :)
Looking forward to and making quite a nice Three with SJax and bringing the Milwaukee Bucks back to the top
Ze<U+0092>ev, who has trained many Expert level KM artists has been studying Krav Maga under Eyal Yanilov since 1988 and been teaching since 1989
Are you going to be on less due to me being on more or due to you being busy? LOL
MY 11:11 WISH WAS FOR YOU TO FOLLOW ME. SHOW ME THAT WISHING ON 11:11 IS REAL....Pleasee <U+2665>
go Rangers lol
Hope it works out better than that Tebow pick ;)
THE EROTIC CHALLENGE official launch party July 31 in LAS VEGAS stay tuned for further .com
ALWAYS TRY 2 B HONEST...
Really, Carthage? $42 to send my transcripts overnight? Are you sending them in a gold-plated box?
`21 and over, aint messin with juvies. Girls always talkin like, i aint no groupie` - black eyed peas
Funding Forum! 8:15 PM. WGR 211. If you care about funding for student organizations, you should be there.
You still here stranger.
Going to the Derby today! :)
Nice dude! Hahaha that's funny
8 Afghani kids died in a bomb attack today. Think of them as well when you're mourning the passing of someone that threw their life away
Yeah steelers!!!
RT : #unforgettablefeelings Disney world fireworks.....with someone who meant the world to you.
Thanks for helping spread the word!
Good morning <3
It amazes me the situation the music industry is in and people still think its 1982. Quit flaunting your excess and remember the artists.
my heart beats still. and! I am desperado to see you. there is talk of a minor league game in RR wed night. into it?
happy new year to everyone on the east coast! 3 hours for you :)
Joel Anthony, Mike Miller, Chalmers combined 2-18 tonight. OH, but lets blame LeBron.
Please for all that is holy, do not vote Cam Newton on the cover of Madden. Please. Please. Please.
haha, of course i can't give y'all credit :) it's ok, my brother is a #cubs fan, & i haven't disowned him. yet.
What a gem, thank you. (a very Glenn Gould-like appearance).
Peyton Manning is taking his role as Mike Tahoe in Football Cops a little too far.
#FACT twitter would be more fun if people tweeted to be themselves and not to impress other people
Hey! Haven't seen you in a while. I'm suprised we haven't crossed paths at TMJ lately. How are you?
Dan Lauria joins on Fox Five "Sports Extra" Sunday night at 10:30, talking draft week and all things football..
OH, bummer. Sorry to miss you!
Dining alone
“Pray that success will not come any faster than you are able to endure it.”~Elbert Hubbard
If men were born free, they would, so long as they remained free, form no conception of good and evil.
Thorne Avery Band coming to your town soon
One thing my Android does my iPhone won't is dial a call from my address book - on Skype. Even on 3G, quality was great, direct dialling ...
At atlanta medical waiting for kina to have baby Taylor. I wish she'd come already (:
Just a little lidocaine.
LISTEN IS BLACK & CHINESE. LOOK AT DEM EYES. JUH LOOK LIKE A DEAR. HAHAHA. LMFAO. VAGINA.
got any chocolate?
Anyone else think the big-screen projector in the Cowell Theater makes people look like Skeletor?
Keep having dreams about #oomf. Not cool.
I hate when I'm at someones house and I'm the only one awake... #awkward #sometimesiwishiweren'taninsomniac
Was reminded while tracking today, two things: 1. Playing drums while also engineering can be a bit discombobulating....
yea Carroll, Henderson, and Downing should not be on the team
Home Alone is on. Happy Easter to me.
can i just start life over please.
I followed!! :)
"Why do they always call it a mail truck and not a female truck?" - DC cab driver
Check out our new line! Skellawear.com
Not in the short term (this bug) at least.
Supporting Ashton in his race to 1 mil followers vs CNN. If he win,10,000 mosquito bed nets get donated for World Malaria Day
I saw that. Very good cause & I liked your crown. Cyndi is so cute.. ;O)
good story: It's the impersonation, not #defamation, that criminalizes the false statements: Big difference.
Why do people worry about the dumbest things and ignore the important things?
As you would say, "I'm glad I could put a smile on your face <3" RT : The way I Love Arion <3 :') Thank you !"
Hungry! Maybe Chilis, TGI, Olive Garden..
looks lovely on
haha clone me
Kids asleep. Wine open. I wonder if it's always 7:10pm in heaven...
is feeling pretty productive today. Statement, meetings, taxes, mail all done!
ramel bradley. He's smooth
I see that you are bumping some watch the throne
Everybodys hair got longer. Nice hair everybody.
Goodreads' site just blew my mind: it recognized my impromptu XML to hide a spoiler in a book review. Astonishing.
#Alexandrahitsthe the blow dryer
Yes, send info.
Even with cheat codes , you couldn't get on my level .
thanks :) have fun w your makeovers I'm sure they will look beautiful
Yesterday in DC shoped where Lucky shops (Feb 2012 Lucky Magazine!) 14th and U Corridor! A shout out for Redeem!
Jahh the movie that wishes it was Tim Burton's :D
Gobble gobble x333
Kobe could've fouled with 3 seconds left but he was too busy bitchin'.
Miami #Marlins first home game is tomorrow! Who's going?
Glad you could make it
'03 Toscana Stiglianese w/ braised short ribs & meat paella! What a great a delicious pairing! Thanks for the amazing food!
your welcome:)
I really enjoyed lunching with you two ladies. Hope we can do it again sometime!
Today is my official 1-year anniversary of working at !
Goodnight Guys!
Sheba cover your heart
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you don't judge me
When it comes to affairs of the heart, I try to avoid EMTs, electric paddles and the word “CLEAR!”
That shit was tight
Hiring a #smallbiz coach is an effective way to assess the health of your business and overcome any problems that may exist.
I actually enjoyed the TCM female. The sequels/prequel, not so much.
bahaha no comment
Hi - thanks for the RT of the post. :)
Absolutely. RT: " if u ever see me PLEASE do that move like in the commercial #please"
People hurt people not because they want to hurt people but because they do what they feel is best for them
i seen the rise of the planet of the apes a cool movie
I had an incredible time at the #FemalesinComedy Convention. I have work to do, but at least I have a plan
Gee I love waking up in time for #CBSSundayMorning. A cuppa Lady Grey, a bite of toast ... delightful.
#streetfighter anyone? Tourney starts May 2 @ 9. DM your name to register. 16 slots open. Bonus points for costumes! Prizes! $2 peronis!
Sun kissed tan so hot will melt your popsicle(;
I'm having a hard time today :( I'll kik you
"Oh my gosh, you got a haircut?!" "Oh really? I never noticed."
Oh, and Happy T-Day to a fellow Todd!
Flirtationship. More than a friendship, less than a relationship.
ipressed by accident sorry D:
Was there a conference summary you'd recommend?
Thank you, Mr. President!
Rob Dyrdek Fantasy Factory. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
chillin on the good friday =)
Just welcomed two new interns to the team! Happy to have Amanda and Lailaa join us from Penn State and West Chester Universities!
Thank you so much for answering. You are great!
Haha, and you know what bro? Fuck 'em anyway. Don't let anyone drag you into a negative place. You're better than that! :)
Hmm, that bridge looks suspect, and the neck looks to be uncommonly blocky.
I love kids but wasn't blessed do to illness. Love watching your show. Your a great mom & dean a great father/husband. Hugs
#NERCOMP #DigitalStorytelling "As a student, a rubric is my road map to an A." But maybe that's the problem: tries to make art into science.
Thank you for supporting streamline apparel!
Thanks Sister for the Love!! We are about to takeover the WORLD!!!! #INmyDr.Evillaugh!!!! lol
hell yea bro. lets bring back real hiphop!
You know it. That was me in the white Wayfarers..I usually need more space to get down though. Wait til my next video comes out!
RT : Never argue with a foolish person when u do it doesn't look like one foolish person arguing it looks like two!
I just associate them with freshmen dorms. Time to grow up... kidding haha.
it's for mothers day. Lol.
<U+2665> Hello loves .
Movie recommendation is Jennifer Connelly in "Requiem For a Dream"
Extension Cord Blunt filled with Dodi. ^-^
I Love You, Why Can't You See That?</3
When the directionator at my school says she's going to see 1D in 5 days in foods class I'm literally going to ask her to name them all.
duh lol get with it newbie :)
I'm an adult but I am wearing toddler's clothing today
Loved the Sam Adams performance in last friday's Portlandia!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
beginning kickstarter campaign. Could really use some help. We want to correctly represent Poe's stories in our film. DM?
thanks hannah!!!! you're the best!
Nice quiet day to catch up on work! Hubby and I are in the office working all day:) Hope everyone has a great Sunday!
Well of course there's no action...it's Dario!
Elevated Wednesday's!!! Time to dance and party with Mc Dru & dj Aaron playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!!
Hey, guess you like Maggie, don't you? :P I totally love her and her acting. She's amazing! :)
Hitting scales today at Noon at Brion's Grille... i'll be under 160, will Kazam?
watching the fights this weekend?
Im always gonna have free songs up, and they will be mastered by Recover Records
CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE....AND IT'S NOT EVEN MY BIRTHDAY (MY BIRTHDAY)!!!!...:)...:)...:)
no it didn't. Mo pry thinks you're a creeper. Rough woo wed?
We will be closed tomorrow to celebrate Thanksgiving with our families...but we are having a PATIO PARTY tonight...JOIN US!!
Pleased to meet you Mr. Cryer, welcome to this network, overall, over 80,000 contacts
These dudes ain't no #CoOwnaz smh coming out your mangy ass bedroom in silver long johns type busters.
Tx for spreading the word! I just used the Marion County voter hotline to check my polling place. It works! (317) 327-8683
love you too Jess! (:
how many Guinness have you had?
slightly freaking out right now cause was wearing air maxes.
Dear friends: I am teaching "Social Problems" at UB this summer! It will be a fun-filled learning adventure, so sign up now!
im tired - eugene
COAST 2 COAST
You are welcome !
Awe my poor hubby is pissed he has to get ready for work
Prefect, you have no excuse not to be there. :)
I will be in touch son
Umii definition is short for Umiiral which translates in Filipino to ALIVE or LIFE just for FYI !!
The only town where I had someone shot outside the bar I was at 2 hrs after I left. And break-in attempt.
did you see the season finale yesterday?
Cool kids only would rule me out immediately. I suspect Lloyd needs to add you to zerista.
reminds members and friends that this coming Monday, October 11th, is the last date for new members to join. Please join us!
aw you girl telltell heart
um kool !! Well school Nd getting over some ppl but yeah and yhuu ??
Did it not show up?
lovers wanna love
Thank & 4 everything they are doing in the fight against breast cancer. You are appreciated. R.I.P. Mom, I love you!
what situation?
fuckk this, I cant deal with this shitt:/
Digglers rocked. Friday is amazing and Filthys soon.
Hey nm u?
only mortal men get the madden curse bro
Where can I get one at?
Ah ok. MKE is great... just getting ready for the season to start. No basketball, but plenty of hockey and Cirque to go around.
What, he has a new mixtape out? RT Dmx new tape any good ?
you say that every time :3 <3 don't worry, I'll make tomorrow the best. LOL bytheway summer sleepovers, LETSGO.
I got this bad bitch Rihanna! I mother fucked yo father! #BITCH t(•.•t)
getting your karaoke on?
- Looks like I need to come set up a checking acct! has totally failed me.
Reading The Sealed Letter by Emily Donoghue -- victorian divorce, scandal!
thanks you nascar for doing everything sunday noon all the way to tuesday wow it been fun to watch, now off to phoenix! good night people
Working extra to make this all a reality! We'll keep you posted on all the efforts!! Remember tell your friends to follow us!!
meganandlizfansweb @ gmail .com :) thank you so much!
I was productive today. Rewarded myself with a late night taco truck and donut run. This is why my pants don't fit me anymore?
Five days though....cant feed it -___-
ooc: I'm forcing myself to watch "Scream 4". At night. Gawd, I'm stupid.
I one day aspire to become ye olde IRB gatekeeper too! :) You'll have to share your wisdom!
Follow me fir my birthday_july 24
Don't you go to a different school? Stay outta of Ben Davis Swag
I am so happy with my life :)
You're so welcome, ! It was a pleasure for me to be there. Thank you for all the kudos! :-)
Bebo... Will always be the gayest thing I ever heard
Everyone hates a know it all.
thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> I cannot wait to be on the beach! Xoxo
1 Large. 1 Medium. are left of the Trendy And Talented shirts. 15 dollars. Contact 412.417.0952
thank you so much for serving.
Hows about something nice for a designer in Milwaukee? Eh? Eh?
Respect yourself. Don’t let anyone push you into something that is not you.
My dad just texted me. He got his first hole in 1 today. :)
definitely a possibility
Aw would you really?! I'm on my phone atm I'll give it a go when I get on my computer & if I'm still having trouble I'll
When will the Power 30 Under 30 award winners be announced in Georgia?
I am getting new headshots tomorrow with Laura Burke.
Multicultural Undergraduate Summer Internships: Web and Marketing expertise sought by LA Freewaves. Deadline 4/26:
times like these make me miss all-night phone conversations where in the end you'd watch the sunrise together.
We will once finals are over!
: I hope she has a good day today. :)
One of my daughters' middle names will be Latrice, my former middle name.
Come October 4 in Rome!! I'll be there for sure ... I get your autograph and hug
Colombia Crest Gold Appoints Peter Ellsworth as VP Exploration
Alright, I'm heading back , , and I'm ready to work!!!!!
"There's no substitute for guts." -- Paul "Bear" Bryant
An hour l8r....
way to go Eagles, to bad the Jets couldn't win # eaglesfan
I dislike when guys come up to me at the bars and ask me to dance NO I would never dance with you EVER just walk away now
Why the cover up?
Means more vegetables, fruits, and lean meats. Cut back on empty calories like sodas and processed foods
Can't wait to see #sixmiles' local history site
Ch. 9 Yes. Al has the death penalty,current death row population is 206.Choice is lethal injection or electrocution
If I Get This Experience Berkeley Opportunity.... It Would Make Me Happier Than I've Been Recently
Providing the musssiiiiicc tonight at bluemoon for temptation Tuesday's!! GRE3NMNKY.com
How is it two already? I need to come home before 5am next time maybe...
Attended UMD ONE & networked SAA w/unsuspecting organizations, all of whom have interest in what audiology can offer. Thinking outside!
I still get a small thrill watching students take exams.
its all good :)
They call me the flo mastaa!
How'd I fall so hard right into your arms?
Fish fry tonight!
“The most memorable gift you can give your kids is to teach them to give back.”
Congratulations for winning favorite music group! i love you guys!
For every fear there are only 3 outcomes: you'll confront it and grow, you'll ignore it and adapt, it will bug you and you'll go crazy.
According to Jim Rogers: "History teaches us that such imprudent monetary and fiscal behavior has always led to economic disaster." I agree!
LIVE Aug Fri.20 - Sat.21 9pm & 11pm PAUL CARR, known for his hard-charging and soulful post-bop style. www.TwinsJazz.com
- brand info shared socially drives 2x awareness, 4x purchase intent vs. traditional advertising
Copy paste no individuality.
ha how you been trouble?
FOLLOW me back tnx^^
First and foremost, a sleeping bag must keep you warm
Guy at Miller Park to my friend, "can I be your trending topic "
Q from audience: "I was talking to investors: believed we should build brand, then personalize. Can you personalize as you build?"
without Simon, i wouldn't have my 5 boys that i have now. Thank you Simon. <U+2665>
I don't swim in your toilet, don't pee in my pool. Didn't like the Tax Act commercial
PhotoVoice exhibit premiere! Join Aurora residents at 6pm at the Nighthorse Campbell Native Health Bldg, 13055 E 17th Ave Admission is free!
Sometimes, there's nothing better to hear than a Jackson Browne song.
The doctors suck! I hate being here!
THANKSGIVING part 2, your BIG NIGHT party on NYE which is also an ALL YOU CAN EAT (and drink) affair, we hope to see YOU !!
she'd kick my arse. Fiery redhead.
How old do you have to be to go on Big Brother????
hey u should add me on facebook i would really like to get to kno u better
Finding weird, random bruises on your legs.
Well said! See you soon ;)
Whoa. Kobe dunking on faces. Guess that ankle is okay...
Ha. Just saw this tweet... Feel bad about replying to your email. No hard feelings if you archive it straight away.
Don't RT me , I ain't talk to you today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
tell buddy to back the fuck up hah
where u at buddy
hey! Beautiful new twitter avatar! :)
Just got a shirt made for teen hoot w/ 's names on it! Also wearing my bulls SnapBack :D
Sure, that sounds cool, are you on facebook or do you an email address so we can make arrangements for coffee sometime?
I'll go with sinister... ;)
Is 10:09 pm to early for bed? That's ok, I was born a bum
they promptly reminded me why they aren't it worth it lol
That moment when teachers think we're actually gonna study for SOLs...
#Jayoncebabynames its brooklyn!! :) then they can play the song brooklyn we go hard to he/she lmfao!
I just experienced something that was wild. it made me understanding that a coincidence could actually go wrong.
I will take that advice and start right away. Gobble gobble! RT : Pro tip: it's never too early to start drinking.
Would U 2 like it if Obama got 4 more yrs.? I know Fox News people would like it, they make $ money w/ Obama.
Yes, but it will be a 75mm due to the crop sensor. I use that lense on my D90 and have no problems.
My computer is giving me nothing but fits, farts and freckles. I think a new one will cost me more than this one is worth.
#IfYouKnowMeWell I am a very open honest person. I havent had a question I wouldnt or couldnt answer
#subwayfitchat If I have to choose, MACHINES They can provide more benefits than just weights.
She kind of looks confused. Like....what the hell is this shit??
The power of Ice coffee
Together we can put a smile on a women currently fighting ovarian cancer. Please Join us
I'm at Dirty Bar's #dayparty and there are SO many folks in need of
which # do i call from?
Time for the live auction! Brenda Waters is here.
she is and she focuses on low carb/paleo nutrition. she's been a blessing to me. you can say i sentcha.
Merry Christmas!
I'm in love with ________
Cause he knows you take it in the ass...needles that is
I'm back on track. I ate a salad for a snack.
Okay your show is awesome. BUT what's with all the ad breaks. u just get into something and suddenly thrs a break.
join the team lol
I like the wobble I can sit back and enjoy jaja
Love the XX. Must go check out their entire album now.
no way. Is that really your size? Pardon me, but that's hot.
When can we scan our bodies with our smart phones to find the problem inside us!
Their are currently waaaayyyy to many #mobile device on my desk right now.
Did the PM fill out a bracket? I'd like to see his picks!
Tour the Patterson House and Maryland Archaeological Conservation Lab tomorrow, 12:30-2:30! More info can be found at www.jefpat.org
Oh no, why honey???
Its crazy to read the script of some of your favorite movies. You would be surprised how much isn't improvised.
Going through writer submissions while waiting for #MadMen. Getting some good reads so far.
Old love does not rust. - Estonian Proverb
Poirier is pawing too much, hes gotta stay sharp here and let that straight left go with the inside low kick
Wish you were here...amazing song!
yess it does:) aha
Thank you for scouring me tweets...CHTV is def not for me.
how was townhouse? Looked slow tonight
few more years b4 that happens cuz
hahaha that's still debatable..
At Lindas drinking away my patriotism. Don't tread on me.
My is strong and courageous. I love him so much <3
sometimes I wish death panels were real.
I didn't have enough time to fully blow dry my hair, so therefore my hair is frizzy, and damp.
well PPL Park is used about 33 times a year lots time to put pro womens games there #doop ,maybe double headers
Coffee, then #worshipteam practice! Woo Hoo! Here we go #Jesus, it's all for You!
I would not want to be the guy in a suit who had to tell Brandon Jacobs today that you didn't think he had what it takes anymore.
Yeah, but we can eat fries on our shuttle. MT : Hey NY, your Shuttle hysteria's cute, but how does it feel to be behind D.C.?
Have you seen good results from the stuff you use?
we make a good team, now don't we?! :)
: Lmao. Hey, I want you in the class on the 10th. Its the last class and I'm not taking for an answer.
Platinum CarShow today @ Club Nouveau n Tampa. Cars in town frm Miami, ATL and all over FLA. Kicks off @ 3 pm. More nfo 8137707363
So one text me am bored
I guess i found that Jung quote the same time you did, otherwise I would have RT'd. lol
Fur friday tho
Perks of home: on demand
Dude pogo-ing across campus - I applaud you.
Nope -- but if they see you, they'll try and make you think it is! LoL...
All day
i dont think so...it doesn't show it in the game modes.
Everyone can be Brandon
Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them.
Apparently I missed Joe Biden backing gay marriage. But go Joe!
MCN 2012 conf theme is: The Museum Unbound: Shifting Perspectives, Evolving Spaces, Disruptive Technologies. Gives us a lot to think about.
NYTimes failure article- great read. Speaks to an issue at my kids' school I've been mulling over. Will be referencing all week
Happy Tuesday!
it seems like you and your wife are always dealing with some kind of medical dilemma.
oh and thank you:) ha i am fixing to go to bed i have been working on some music
Yes. Its a completely open system where every photo/video uploaded in response to a request can be viewed by any user for free.
Im done ready for prom shack thy ass
Hailey cooked chicken nuggets for lunch!
RT this if u agree ... before i hated dancing i never thought good of it than i saw I.aM.mE and dance... now i love dancing!
I meant for you to say to your followers hey follow zeb he is a great person were friends an he like baseball or something!!!
About what?
come on lol
Defense, you think? Who shud be there?
Happy birthday big man!
Make up a generic question like: Which monarch presided over Britain in the turbulent <insert date>. You'll look super smart :)
lol, hopefully soon! congrats though <3
Pabst is the Oldest Nationally Brewed beer in America.
miss hanging with you guys! Keep being awesome....
I think that is a good use of time. How do you feel about Conan Doyle, Arthur vs Doyle, Arthur Conan?
SPHERES! THE SPHERES!
Welcome new #Museum followers: , , , and !
People are not mirrors: they see you completely different than you see yourself.
s. I was worried I'd be doing this for free.
Live from the seder! We’ll be tweeting #Passover!
um yeah... that was the pinnacle of my life... downhill since.
www.varsityjackest09.com Rocking the world one jacket at a time we love your hits
Best airplane trick when you're rolling two deep. One of you acts like your crying. No one will take the middle.
Coffee's on, the only thing missing is you. Come on in and play for a while only at Piano Source!
Today I saw a man eating scrambled eggs with a fork while driving on 77S. I don't know whether I should be concerned or impressed.
I am not impressed by the Ivy League establishments. Of course they graduate the best
So good.
thanks, maybe I'll treat myself to a day off sometime and book in!
There is just some things you don't want to tell people!
I KNOW! OR I WOULD "GO AWAY, AND GET INTO MY BED INSTEAD"
Love RTing great content from #vegan moms & dads. Thank you, Dreena!
True, but not too concerned about compile deps between components that collaborate. Messaging/props is a good alternative. < 140c
Yes we fuck!! Bitch so what whah
Just got in from maken money n sweatn out wit a quicc run park
aw blush!
I've never seen him so fond of a horse before like he is for THAS
Very good. Very good. 9 views in a matter of moments. ;)
And you are in China for what reason??
Thumbs up homie I'll be sure.
hey sent from via ebay
will be ready to test it up this weekend
why am i wide awake?
Female Farmworkers Abuse: Migrant Workers Commonly Suffer Sexual Assault And Harassment, Human Rights Group Says: FRESNO, Calif. (AP)...
Java time at the kiosk. creek grand ave.
Enjoying my Vegas vacay
hi fatiima! experience the silence and quietness. just dive in.
We are currently doing the soundmix. Picture edit and original score were recently completed. What a long journey it's been.
I miss teen wolf:(
People are really starting to see just how valuable Chris Bosh is to the Heat huh?
Bases loaded nobody out. What's that mean for the pirates? .....
Also, found a new memoir at today.
right. I knew it was possible because of Bland, etc, and that's why I went. But I think one stand-alone tweet started it all.
Thanks for the follow :)
When I think about u I think about 17 I think about my old jeep, I think about the stars in the sky. Funny how a melody sounds like a memory
People who text back under 5 mins>>>
I got my picks for tonights games on #TNT video blog up soon #Knicks #Bulls #Thunder and #Blazer fans #NBA Fan check me out #RT 4
Which #SF freelance graphic designers have a portfolio to share with us? Looking for help w/summer poster/postcard design projects.
Great Thx every1. We have an idea of what customers want. Now, what are activities sellers can do to help meet those demands?
cool! iPhone's are the best. Too bad you can't come up this weekend.
When you see them all tell them I say Happy Mothers Day !!! Even though they dont know me !
Thanks for connecting! Can I submit a play to you? Best, Matthew Ethan Davis
Lol I was watching Lab Rats and the boy used the same polar bear pick up line said.
Ii wanna go to Vegas wiit
I can't think of a more perfect user name for you.
you guys are cute! She's like crazy about you! :D #cutecouple :)
A little piece of heaven....
My roots were always there... I just had to re-discover myself as who I am. I cant deny my blood, my DNA, my reality
ok fine but no barbedwire
NBMBAA Milwaukee Chapter Networking Event | May 26 @ Sake Tumi | Join us for networking, fellowship and fun starting at 5:00pm
I didn't know you had a twitter
no cover? We'll be there!
So many ways to say "I love you", but not enough words in the world to say how much.
INSTAGRAM FOR ANDROID!?!? YESS! Just set mine up! Follow me & I'll just follow everyone back: KorinnaSimone :)
your welcome (:
I'm coming up on tweet 2000...who wants it...RT/Shoutout
and it's one day closer to the weekend, ! Chin up!
Trying to remember what a clean brown pelican looks like
You all appreciated momma.
RT - Miami Dolphins' tight end Anthony Fasano is a stock to watch this week - but is he trending up, down, or holding st...
Already did so happy!!! (;
On occasion. Cheers!
Look for release of new features in ms acad search on 12/23
If you feel bad for #Cubs rooftop owners after seeing their email campaign, it's been a truly awful season
Got the christmas tree up. Now where's the snow? This is Wisconsin, right?
don't you dare complain about the heat
needs to come to knoxville this summer!
“Change the way you see things and the things you see will begin change...”
so will Will!!!! He wants him to so badly!!! :)
Ethics isn’t an extra thing you tack onto your social media program. It should be the foundation.
means no good silly.
Seriously, people. RT : At least clean up the bathroom before taking your profile picture.
who would buy a piece of toast that bit off of for 99,999 dollars!? yeah he's hot, but dang..
I did and been meaning to respond. Can we set up a time to chat next Thursday?
Reminder Jim Sherraden is coming this Tuesday, March 22 6pm in Falvey Hall.
belatedly thinking to wish you safe, lovely, generous travels.
lol i cant im so pissed off
jealous. we don't have the permissions to run reports. like wtf? right?
Lets not have a convo on the tl
i need to know when youll be im arizona:3
Local celebrity Anne Marsen living it up to a sizeable crowd at Masonic Temple. Living Girl Walking.
Ride or Die crew
Guys, watch out for the man sauntering up S 7th whistling "Lullaby of Broadway" really, really well
I'm inspired by your work on L-Net, and I loved attending the OR Virtual Reference Summit in 2008! Where will it be in 2010?
haven't talked to you in awhile...hope you're well!
I wanna come! Haha
Is he going to do a ustream about 2o minutes ?
Thanks again! We looked into the issue, try updating your WABE IPhone app..we've made some updates
ALLBALBOA was Great! Special thanks to Valerie Salstrom of Get Hep Swing for inviting Aris Allen this past weekend www.gethepswing.com
Thank you, Karen. Hope you're still enjoying your prints!
M, leverage.
needs to call me or get ahold of me some way right meow!
Smith is fast as lightning
Hop up out this pretty lil bitch n take a twit picc
Stop! Take a breath...
Austin blows
Thanks for supporting last night! We raised over $1750 in silent auction/raffle, $4800 in ticket sales - all for !
Seriously... Gene! I would die if I couldn't get at least 10-12 every other day! beauty sleep!
Come to San Diego.... Bring Little Jime and Wifey! Come finish my leg! Hope all is right and well with you my friend.
“: Excuse me, but could you shut the hell up? This is my favorite part of the song.”
I know, I had to create a new "pomp-pomp" moment about this! Especially since my pomp-pomp efforts were wasted on the PATS. :)
Got concert tickets for OWL CITY in April 2010 and cant wait for the concert!!!!!
what can i have some money
#Nuggs do it again. Follow up a solid first quarter by falling asleep in the second.
VW Golf is in the rough - Herald Sun
thank you!!!
RT : The weekend is shaping up to be beautiful. Why not kickstart it with a couple Upward Motion classes on Saturday......
I can officially use a chainsaw. I feel like this makes me somewhat badass...or a lumberjack. Now I need some flannel.
Orpster officially has over 1000 Twitter Followers!!!
hope your hump day is better than Tuesday and you aren't getting
I just started The Hammer and the Blade by Paul S. Kemp on Kindle for Android!
I am who I am and your approval isn't needed!
Ya we will.....MAKE MORE VIDEOS!
"I'm feeling feisty"
Did anyone notice that Brad Pitt's shirt was dirty in 75% of the scenes in Moneyball?
iris if you need anything you can talk to me ok ily so much
Dinner date with
Rest in peace, Dynaformer.
Fuck I don't want to work today. That is all
Walk off boomba in the bottom of the 9th from
Feeding & watering five pets makes me feel like I live on a farm. Animal House without the soundtrack...
so much love! Love it!
I have done nothing wrong to deserve this song.
Gosh I feel like watching meet the Spartans but I freaking not on it was this morning
Every girl wants to be swept off her feet.
Im glad Sheree leaving RHOA....she's a bitch. She really is. First one to throw stones and first one to cry when it comes back.
U DIDN'T FOLLOW ME
We can then change the name of our country to the United, where do you live?, States of America to see what rights we have.
i dont mind at all go ahead my friend! :)
I just entered 's EVO 3D giveaway! You should too!
its way too sensitive. Even with the sensitivity way down
You're wise beyond your years. Has anyone told you that? I'm sure you get that a lot.
Back at the grind this Monday morning? Take a well-deserved break at lunch today and test out one of our new menu items!
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date -You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
I freaken love Miley Cyrus. She's so pretty!!
Yo Jason Mraz! Your new hair is almost as cool as any of your singles.
they're 18 now they're old enough to make their own decisions
I'll be glad to assist you with trying to locate your phone. Give me a call. 443-759-0940. Thanks. MYTService.com.
Laugh. Dance. Love. what a great way to live life!
Summer camps, after school programs, artist development..... Yes I am doing it!
Do you know what Coach Cal's restrictions on transfers were?
If it's not they should find a different job. People need to hire for passion then knowledge not the other way around.
D.R.U.G.S is one of the few albums that I love every song from.
It's been officially 3 days and I havent ate because I had some type of stomach virus/flu but now I'm good but still have no appetite.
Mild #oscar show- best unscripted bit? 1. J lo & Diaz butts 2. Scorsese! drinking game
music is fun. Math is used for trickery and shenanigans if you're a corporate banker...
we were once Wikipedia goes black it never goes back.
RT : Short term future? Ever see the QM2 swing a U-ey??
": is goin' CRAZY right now for ! Don't miss the show nxt wk, 7022736843 for FREE guestlist and DRINKS!"
Thanks for following! Make sure you register on our site for #focusgroups in
In case you have not heard, we are completely SOLD OUT. If we don't get to see you tonight, have a HAPPY and SAFE New Year !!!
im insanely excited for the
The smile<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> and eye<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080> contact me and had
he is a 16 year old(boy) rapper who lives in Atlanta,Georgia and is making it big and trying to get to notice
Funny quote from FB user about stock sale "They just paid 1 billion dollars for an app which let's you take sepia photos. Run away!"
she's showing everyone!
Girls, need to appreciate everything a guys does for them. not saying they dont. but most ladies dont.
Same here man. November cannot come soon enough for Skyrim.
According to , the #Packers will release Nick Collins. Team not comfortable with him playing after neck surgery.
thank ya much
i love that song and i love Larry Hernandez too :)
haha that's awesome :)
Lol. My daughter
heck, you're here, aren't you?
I love the robot!
Quality varies. Quality matters. Choose Quality! - who wants to help us get to 200 followers today!?!
I LOVE YOU SO SOO MUCH AND I MISS YOU !!!!!!!!
Been trying to get to notice me since he was 13. He's now 18. BUT I will never give up =) please followw mee!
Now I'm mad. Whatever, Northpark is a hella far drive anyways.):<
You too!
If I'm being honest, this #TrayvonMartin case has taken me out the game. Been severely preoccupied last few weeks...
Watching the game on DVRing broadcast. Will watch that one later, if the #Spurs win.
If you have an Armenian event coming up in the LA area, let us know! We'd love to come by and set up a booth!
We are. aren't we? Are you in London?
Trying to figure out if my FB status update really isn't working, or if I've just sent it five times.
somebody PLEASE MAKE THAT HAPPEN
Holy Cow...We're really busy...come on down for the fun and all you can eat.
good night enjoy, my fav is house wifes of Atlanta they are craze lol
One-month countdown 'til triathlon. And I can see it in my diet ... I've had like 3 breakfasts so far this AM.
You'll Think of Me
What u use to cut fondant icing. Like a cookie cutter but smaller.
what prize?
Not sure why "walking briskly for about an hour" twice a week seems to be too much exercise for my body to handle.
Why I'm till so Sleepy? I just woke from a eight hour nap. Wth?
Screw the Mavericks. Hope Bulls or Heat kick their smug butts. Only class act on team is Dirk. Hope Mark and his Mavs go down in Finals.
Blane Harding is giving terrific keynote on advising as teaching, #NOVA,
"To be nobody but yourself in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else...
bestbeustggboots,nike shox,cheap ugg boots,nike air jordan,air max ...
Hello! I have heard from a few people in the store about excited for it coming out. I'd have to put a number at at least 5!
#YouWasCuteUntil You opened up your mouth
OFA_NM thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I'm sure you're already on the list ;)
what did your husband took as course of treatment? What all things did he do to remove those kidney stones?
Tonight's South Park is killing me.
Liverpool in desperate need of creative spark
There will be an Anchorman 2. Stay Classy, San Diego.
We're renovating our website - the new site will be ready very soon! Signup for free now and we'll alert you when it's ready!
hi hi
No one in my family likes Nickelback. Praise Jeebus.
When you think that little black dress I hope you think of me<3
in all the excitement, don't forget the answer is "I do".
1st time getting to sleep in after partying like crazy :)
I do it for the feelings of LOVE FREEDOM + ACCEPTANCE and it makes happier than I could ever explain!!
Sorta Kinda Done With My Essay "/
There is so much to do. So I choose to do none of it.
ay I deliver to one of those companies out her she look gay
im watching the xfactor final and nope, in florida:)
It's #FierceFriday - Make today gr8 lovely ppl!
that is what I was afraid of. Thanks man
I used to go to tap class reeking of Bengay. I tried to continue after the shattered kneecap, but it was too much.
I see what you mean.
LOL. Why did i leave?
I can't wait for Christmas to be here already I Want snow!!
um, ok
Lord, give me strength to get past this week. And hope I do well on my finals!
Having a great time on set of Rob Owen's "Another Breath" music video, what an amazingly great crew!!
Ha I was a rum on New Year's guy until I got escorted out of Bar None on New Year's.
agreed! but some customers might say at least 72% better. there's nothing like getting a new ride!
“: when is the costume comin out again?” Not sure but it's definitely time to busy out the Elvis costume
Now be nice Dan, we can disagree without being disagreeable
love that song!
some nice deals there, like Warhammer40K & Mortal Kombat vs DC
So bored n dissapointed
Hey voters what if the iron bowl was being played right now?
Likewise! Talk soon!
Big face bitch with a attitude! Hell Naw
finally...ill holla
Not unlike the city as a whole, I'm sorry to say. RT : In other news, DFW Airport is terrible, a big, sprawling design failure.
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do. – Goethe
I just want to be the only girl you love all your life ... <3
look at his head between rounds 4&5 2 big blobs and he had never even been hit in the head! "no blood no lube" just saying!
I'm going to check out the film this weekend. Congrats!
nw# Fat Albert on the "BOUNCE" network. This was the cartoon u wake up to on Saturdays.
no bro -___- I wanted to stick the marker up her ass though so badly
thanks so much for the follow! If we can help with some furniture or a new mattress let us know!!!
such a gorgeous pic!!
i talk big money i talk big homes i sell out arenas, i call that getting dome
You know whose partying tonight? The founders of instagram, that's who.
Jets Giants Football. Go NYC! Yummy!
Who wants to give me shout outs ? That would be nice of yous. Wanna reach 300. But close ! Thankss.
oh don't blame the fans or even voting! Thing thing sucked all the way for everyone
Ha! ": I'm on a mission to suppress voter turnout, because I live in Indiana, and I know my neighbors."
Depends on how they fit med/large. Let's follow, exchange DMs and make it happen.
someone text me!! im bored as fuck. keep me entertained! :)
Lmaooo get OUT
Is there a chance you may change your mind?
Attended XX years yesterday---the closing number from Hidden Drives was my favorite!--MKD
Unexpected texts or calls >
i think the key word is threatening, and to my knowledge its only Texas
Nothing but LOVE
yes ma'am:) for yall I will!:D
please tweet me :D 2
The show doug is so hilarioys brings back memmories
National existing home sales up 7.7% for August! Indiana up 27% for August! Great news for all! Let's keep it UP.
With the amount of bike riding hipsters do, you would think they'd be against beards. I'm basing this on the number of bugs on my windshield
Sunny day!!
Dell XPS 14z Takes on MacBook Pro [PHOTOS]
Get me the fuck out of this bio class. This class is filled with assholes!
Your clearly a grammer snob.
Fred Couples, our pick all week to win #theMasters is now the co-leader after two rounds. Well done Freddy.
Y:i think mom's gunna call one soon A:awh okay, well i might come visit you later *later that day, there's a knock at the door* (c)
maybe. In that, I'll defer to the tweeters who'd know more & have sources & stuff.
Well if they do that every single day, yes that must be very boring and useless but I don't talk bout everything at school so x
I am number four wasn't a totally terrible movie I am surprised
space shuttle discovery has landed for the final time
All this Haiku talk/ it is quite hard to focus/I can't stop laughing.
Join us today for lunch! A La Bourgogne Salad w/ pears, glazed figs, Stilton blue cheese, and caramelized walnuts is waiting for you!
JUST TAKING A MOMENT TO STATE THE FACT THAT THE BALTIMORE ORIOLES CURRENTLY HAVE THE BEST RECORD IN ALL OF MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL
Tonight I'm spinning the mother of all hip hop sets for the show at - benefit for Civic Frame.
i did at one point, yeah. Our chopper is down now, though.
Want to volunteer but have small kids? Keep a friend's baby so she can have a couple of quiet hours. She just may return the favor!
Surround yourself with good people as often as possible...
you get that vote on boy.
pace and buzz is definitely smokin hot every time I visit the Palo Alto office too :)
Iced tea (sorry, can't resist!)
Heating, Ventilation, A/C Services 617-792-3350 Boston, Suburbs
COMING SOON: our first video tutorial showing you how to transform paper prototypes into interactive prototypes that work on your iPhone!!
Watching the game with dad and :) .....
Absolutely! Any time you have any questions or need me!
finished up placin another two orders of #downloadcards cause that's one of #powwowjamz specialties
ugh. If i read a little more i would have known you are not in Austin.
Just getting off gotta get some sleep working in the bronxs tomorrow boston rd n 233st city shit really sucks.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
Kind of embarrassed I laughed out loud at that...
so did you like the news?!?!?
you's A Laammeee Boy ctfuuu!!
he was on yesterday too??
Love it! I'm sporadic but excited to see what you send out! xo
can i get a follow back Or retweet?(:
can't wait to see this project unfold!
He found my reference to him through his trolling.
yes please!
ill take a look
Judge denies Gov. Scott Walker request for 2 more weeks to review recall petitions, says election likely to be ordered
It's decided. I will marry Tim Tebow.
Doesn't matter how many times I've seen The Shawshank Redemption, I get sucked right back in every time I come across it on TV.
I think I might feel better about Walker's lies if he bothered to maintain internal consistency between them.
We love !! Our favorite events coordinator
New cologne from banana republic. Smellin extra nice
Melinda is cool & a perv. We might be long lost sisters. RT jealous???? I knew it!! #pervstogether”
i love you.
Hey guys, thanks for the follow! If you guys every need any mixing work done let me know.
- Thanks! First flr deck, big enough to fit a grill, and leads down into the backyard. Can be a small yard, but well kept.
Auditions for Thunderlips and the Submissives will be announced shortly!
Its nice to have someone give you that "Butterfly" feeling <3
It's a brofest out here
Now why did have to go and talk about Steelers #distracted at
Actualized project or theoretical? (wouldn't be hard to actualize if play was an inspiration rather than actual prod)
are you excited for #BoyzHitDallas?
LOL! Dude, they will not owner finance. Though, you put 75% cash down, and we'll work out the rest.
I second that, no screen shot is no good!
She might be taller than me. I'm 5'3 so don't think the ball alone would be high enough. But very good to know!!
How much Will Ferrell is too much Will Ferrell?
I was in Charlotte for the swim for a couple days. We've got holding down the fort for SI in Dallas.
Happy Birthday to and
In his Micky Rooney-Let's put on a show-voice #paulRyan says; "Let's balance the budget by cutting taxes!" What could possibly go wrong?!
I'm so tired of school. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I would now like to apologise to anyone in town who will see my driving in the next week or so... 2012 album has just arrived!
What can SAA and archivists learn from ARMA and records managers? A lot.
No sniff or sigh baby. I almost home :)
Oh kewl wat singers do u like?
TARHEELS!! ": President Obama attending a fundraising dinner at Vince Carter's home. #vinsanity"
my co-worker #DaneHansen hated ur show and now he freakin loves it....can we get him a shout out this mornin fellas
Great defense
Pierce joining his Celtics teammates in halftime shootaround. Walking fine.
“: When did you get an iPhone?!?! #observant” I didn't. Am using my iPod touch. I refuse to get an iPhone.
If hoodies make ppl look like criminals. then that suit, glasses and mustache can make Geraldo Rivera look like a journalist!”
Hmm, not sure why it was left out. Do you have a pic? Send it to us and we'll post it!
Oh no. Im not bringing pirate back, or out of my apartment for that matter. I hate it. haha.
Snow white? Wtf why am I talking about Disney?
And no invite? Lame.
A Hello Kitty airline would totally do well. Or EVA should license it long term.
Wow. RT : Senator Mac Harb will introduce legislation to end #Canada's commercial #sealhunt next week.
Free Food,, watch www.downow.info watch "Welcome" enroll www.dowsite.info my contact #'s on site, 125 leads per week !
damn. tired af.
We are the perfect spot for your Fantasy Football League's Draft party. Call Jen Town to reserve your private draft area 480-368-0369.
Yes i'm a belieber . You mad bitch?
ActorStuff: play your character without falter, from your soul.
why don't you work at the office anymore, I need to see you :)
The first person IRL to welcome me at Tweetup. Thank You and what have you done? ;)
I wonder if the medical marijuana crackdown is BHO's way of pushing #GOP to support legalization, because that's what's happening.
<<<<<Come out to #LaughAndSip support us.!
UFC in the great state of Florida. You know that is a great fit!!!
Give women and authentic welcome every time and they will feel connected and they will refer you to their peers.
is that you in your icon?
Our museum is a special place, and our talent is our educators! - Annie Polland from the Tenement Museum
dude, cant believe youre going to leave me all alone in spanish today... and lunch! this will suck
I wear this belt with everything!
RANGERS opening day!
relaxing, then starting the Halloween festivites tonight @ Haze Nightclub on the strip!
Thx to everyone who came out last night and listened to me speak. I had a great time. Thx to & Neal for all their hard work.
« Watch how we do yall this summer. Whoa!» Can't wait !
Wait what ": So wait denver is bringing in ?"
Lets fall in love & give everyone something to talk about. <3
Two guys were trying to impress a chick with their tandem recumbent bicycle. Her disdain was priceless.
It's bizarre that the produce manager is more important to my children's health than the pediatrician. ~ Meryl Streep
I've always wanted to run on top of a running car like in the action movies.
haha dont feel bad i get lost in my back yard
Today is going to be great! Goodnight/Morning Tweety Birds! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Vacation tomorrow! Well, a short one at least...can't wait to get outta town :)
If you could make one change to your current home, what would it be?
THANK YOU SO MUCH.. NOW GETTING READY FOR ANOTHER BIG ONE... INTERNATIONAL FRESH FACES IN KENTUCKY ON APRIL 13TH-15TH
home. Have been in New Orleans the last few days.
hey! I have an idea, what day do you arrive at the airport in America..?!
Absolutely! Looking forward to seeing you.
#kids Spoil Mom with a Special Mother’s Day Meal at Sullivan’s at Sullivan's Steakhouse, Sun, May 13 11:00a: Show Mom how much you care...
HAHA. Noo I'm not going there..I was just asking:) well my hole fam had J names..
There are very few totally new ideas, but there are even fewer new old ideas. Thanks for posting...
O that's not good!
I get all the dead ends cut off at the end of each month!! My hair just grows like really fast. haha
Mentor Graphics Moves BridgePoint UML Editor to Open Source Domain - Generation NT (US)
Busy day of recording and planning - make sure you come to the December 11th show. We have you in mind.
#WomenWhoTech all speaking at
I think I might shave my beard if the Wings don't win the Stanley Cup.
Happy Leap Day!
# NF follow. Back
Just watched last night's show over lunch. Loved your response to your disappearing guest.
<3 love my boys
RT Looking for my award. \\ :)
FASHION TIP: 50's inspired clothing is IN -- tailored suits & structured gowns!
that's exactly the model we strive to follow. Thank you for being one of the people still trying to keep it honest and loyal.
but of course...say no more haha
I told Ryan to get me sonic... But I'm not going so school. I feel bad <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Glad you did too! Let's keep looking for (and thinking of) ways to support one another and the arts!
“ Friends & Family of Dree 6/2 Huguenot Beach 4 all day memorial. Park on beach, bring food/drinks/chairs/etc. RT FOR DREE!!”
sounds like a wonderful opportunity!!!! Have you spoken with you Academic Adviser about it yet?
Free of an unknown burden. I feel great!
That's some shit talking to yo fam not knowing he dead .... Until you look over
Happy Tuesday! Tweets today, are brought to you by
Everything is sharp. Cutting. Crazy. It's hard to get back into shizz...looking at all of the boxes on the shelf...
If you missed it yesterday -- Milwaukee Holiday Parade on Nov. 19th at 9:30am. See you there!
Arizona. Let competition between Kolb, Skleton, and Tebow begin!!
GET HERE NOW! PACKED PARTY..VEGAS' FINEST AND YOUNGEST TOTALLY NUDE ENTERTAINERS! CALL FOR FREE LIMO!
Shoutout to and #maengl! Model for social reflection space.
ru n to big woman
thank you(:
#Authentic "Self-Empathy leads us to act honestly,kindly,selflessly, and bravely towards others."
My couch!
Well my room is hotter than hell , Imma #Migrate to a coldest room in tha house:)
Tryouts went great!(:
Good workout
I kinda love nerds but shes got a mustache :/
I got 2 school, asked J 2 focus n explain wat happened Took me 12min 2 control him School struggled for an hr.
Touch Down!!!!
Double shift.
The Bieber family is great huh??..
Mom about had her knees cut off once by someone with a retractable leash. Ugh!
Video chat anyone?(:
¿what if i was shallow?
but its not the same ! :(
Just because you're on you period it doesn't give you the right to yell and bitch about everything.
Gave up on seeing rally...too many sane people clogging the National Mall.
Yeah, I mean he's never been anything more than average. If Santana is going to catch so much he's going to get worn down.
Yes. First they go mad, then they go wild. Then a late night infomercial sells you the DVD'd antics.
RT We know the #Lakers are gonna win, end of story !
Zach's going to be on this one yes but what about Mikey? :(
Right on! LetEmPlay.us
She got a nigga on the side just to use her, Lol
I feel like I am getting sick.
Is it wrong for me to get agitated that a bunch of painters were literally sitting on my car when i went to go get something out the trunk?
beautiful painting!!!! RT
their #madcool like
Workout today was a minimum 2 hours...innumerable thanks to my trainer!
What is a Brand. Can you honestly say? Check us out for branding tip and ideas. www.gseafashiongroup.com
I'm not sure I've ever had this much fun watching a basketball game.
This looks SO yummy!
Of course you're not in FL this weekend... because we are!!
Ops! I forgot to say GM to the tweet world
thinks Kennedy should just save his voice.
Enter to win a #FREEPIZZA weekly! Just text FacebookPJ to 90210. Normal msg rates apply.
you are what you eat.
CUZ THERE'S SO MANY FINE WOMEN THAT MY HEAD IS SPINNIN
Bee Media Acquires Digital Media Technology Co Adcentricity - Private Equity Hub (press release)
don't sit back and watch. do something.www.coalitiontosaveamerica.com
“: When you give a mouse a cookie...” he uses it as bait to hunt for bigger cookies??
"keep your options open"
Does tea have calories? Leery of tonight's glutonic gorge-fest at Lotus of Siam.
I keep Pussy Runnin Like Ah Faucet
Glad to hear you were a fan of still true today!
Raceway Car Wash in Canby uses the FINEST ECO-friendly chemicals for cleaning your vehicles.They are better than your dishwasher soap!
I'm seeing lace, lace and more LACE everywhere... shoes, jewelry, clothing... you name it!
Clutch clutch clutch clutch MOFUCKING CLUTCH!!!
The hook is great. Everything else is bland in my opinion, but when the chorus arrives the obsession makes sense
Hear what I have to say
Just received feedback from my audition going to keep using this as a great learning process! Hope next round will impress!
i know more den what you think i do but i plays the background. simba be coolin . lol
there's this condom case that looks pretty legit
Yes we can! And it's in a few hours?!
Come by to see our new displays for Texas Writers' Month and texts that emphasize the social function of the written word!
You also..also check out to see if you are listed in our site under travel..:) www.ybocaraton.com
Not looking forward to explaining Deadmau5 in office tomorrow. Am looking forward to telling people how much I loved Minaj.
Thank you for following us, and supporting independent theatre!
Stoked. Just ordered the small (6 in) Pink Lady Apple Pie & an asparagus goat cheese tart fr for pick up at
Don't u worry abt her safety. She is in a hell of her making & nobody is gonna help her get out IMO.
North Central played their heart out tonight They playd well. talked too much. Don't forget not to fuel the fire.
Yeah buddy
Def. of blasphemy: showing contempt or lack of reverence for God. Just saw Nicki Minaj...how incredibly awful that was. I'm so sorry God.
Done with mixing and off to chicago
lol so I can watch it later
#Health #tip: Spend more time with giving people. Witnessing others' acts of kindness can make us want to be more helpful.
It's official, I'm moving to Alaska. #wheresthecoldair #itswaytoohot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
Welker needs at least 70 more yards! And another TD!
I make myself laugh
Android Jones is brilliant
hey i love prince to
YES, please
You deserve best tweets to She's very adorable gives you outstanding tweets to you. :) #LotsOfLove <U+2665>
e-mail rarely has context when read by 3rd party. Lesson far to many fail to learn, until this happens. Stupid joke...
" "you ain't about that life"... I'm tired of seeing and hearing that line" I really hate that line
#ThingsThatILike old school hip hop. that shit has me blasting my radio all the time
In Laurel, Maryland at the moment, just rode past the outdoor location of my first photo shoot.
what drive did you get? Just did a three day shoot where I would've killed for Thunderbolt express card reader and hd
Agreed! RT : The Stooges are one of the coolest #bands ever. Thank God for !
I mean... imagine if someone live streamed his 8-tabling all day (obv not a reality in poker) and very publicly did that.
thanks so much!
The 3pt alternate you speak of would "smoke" the competition, "light up" the hoop, and "blaze" the crowd.
lol, well we do have a second bedroom & I know you & Olly get along, & we can carpool to work! So sure, we could adopt you :)
I sneeze 3 time and good thing my grandma was not here. she would said someone is thinking about you. Lol!
my teeth! I want my teeth!
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Northbound I35 right before Slaughter
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
that's a good question.
I like who I am when I'm witchu.
“: The first 500 orders will receive inserts signed by the band. Each color is limited to 500!
ohh ur so nice to me :)
Of course I missed the only bus and my cab is now taking forever.
There's not a joy the world can give like that it takes away -George Gordon Noel Byron
Eat at Cane's tonight from 6-7:30!!! Tell them you know me!!! The money I get goes to scholarships for campers!!!
I don't know how my boyfriend puts up with me. <U+2665>
With the opening of Big G's pizza tomorrow, there will now be 2 places to get Mac & Cheese pizza on Clark St. Neither of which is Ian's.
I just love how nothing has changed.
thanks for following.
Just wanna let you know ... Ive been without eyeliner since Saturday -_- hows it doing in Austin? Lol
"What does king cake taste like?" "Flavored cream, fat, & sugar." : "M, my favorite foods"
Would someone buy me $4.75 Chinese? I'll pay you in backrubs
Your will to try must be greater than your fear of losing
Police say man hit in Uptown suffered life changing injuries. In critical condition.
Ah! Stunning photo, must say!
add me peyton112 on psn I need more people to play online wit
Fuck!! I'm completely off track now..damn playoffs
Join us for Mattie D's Tiki Tuesday! Hemingway Daiquiris, Cloak N Daggers, and a secret drink with Housemade Tiki Tincture!
They actually going to televise the second half???
Mr. Sun please leave .. its gonna be 7 already
damn I'm jealous I bet you're having the time of your life...
gearing up for #NaNoWriMo!
For tickets to our album release show , come see the band at work , , and
I always get a little sad at the end of a sandwich.
What topics would you like to see covered in upcoming issues of RiverViews magazine?
atta girl... Im proud
Could Nerlens Noel and Alex Oriakhi play together in college? Sure. After all, they both attended The Tilton School (NH).
Everyone should take 2 seconds out of their day and vote for my friend Ali Provot 's daughter for the 2012 Cutest Baby Contest .
absolutely. similar ideas rolling around here :)
My iPods about to die!!
Fuel costs going up 500% at one #Indy area grocery store. Right now they're eating the cost, but it could be passed on to customers
Adrian Beltre, 456 feet, think the hammy can handle bottom of the inning...
Today is the anniversary of the 1979 Iranian Revolution. Love and strength to those who are still fighting for their freedom.
Sister's softball game tonite :)
if you are up in #pdx you should check our liege waffles out!
What? Speaking of the gutter, don't you have something else to put on?
yes I can
ah, she's just #toy - ing with you. Seriously. Lots of little red toys on #GOP campaign trail today
Watching a storm with svr wx potential for the Midwest come Friday and Saturday. Looks to slip south of WI at this point.
Crew Tour AZ is a wrap!!!!
thank you!he's really cute.
Hello! Nice to meet you. Hope you enjoy my poetry
"Leprechaun food" Tiny Greens Tiny Green People food"
RT : Surprisingly enough, I am aware that I have a giant black mark on my forehead
Thank you so much! :)
get some Typhoon, in an hour's time. I don't really need to, but I will still rhyme. Free delivery from there with code NOV2011 at...
is my new magic 8 ball. Called the weaver no-no last night first time through the lineup.
Where are you? I could use an adult beverage today! Hope you are doing well, Whit.
56% of GOP think waterboarding isn't torture? Fuck them
#Texas you need a photographer? Here is my favorite local photographer. on.fb.me/kus0IF
Our names unconsciously influence our behavior
Tonight after the track closes, scout troops and sports teams will pick up tons of trash to make money for their groups.
I know how you feel! :(
He has already seen it & said he wanted me to see it, too. I'm looking forward to it! :D
Kickball champs!
I would move next door to you just to get a delicious lemon cake! ha ha ha
please do tell every one u no please i will put every game on there thanks again
not many at basketball today. people should show up next week
it'll be ok! I'll still talk to you everyday but I sure am gonna miss you this summer!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> last summer kicked ass!
I would rip my heart out and hand it to you.
Have a Small Business that needs an Advertising plan that is designed specially for your Business? Send me a message...
Lmfao too bad you still do. Don't you lie to me.
LOL! doesn't it freak everyone?
A full day of rehearsal and prep for House Of Blues lays ahead.
To say "causing" is too absolute. "Greatly influencing" is correct because natural causes are involved as well.
Really wish I could have seen Jerry Greenfield (Ben & Jerry's Ice Cream) at UWM tonight. Night classes are killin' me!
Hahaha. I told my girlfriend we couldn't go there today and referenced that line.
Enjoying a Oktoberfest
In biology watching a movie.
me: call me crazy my nfriends: your crazy me: i didnt mean it literally
Agreed! Speaking of, my brows are outta control!
Harry the owner said FetFest had the best dungeon ever created at the venue! #hesaidicouldquotehim :-)
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Resident Musical goes to... HAIRSPRAY,
Texas/Okie early, VT/GT in the afternoon, Bama tonigh - great day of college fball
#ResearchWeek Awards Breakfast is today - Congratulations, again, to the winners of the Grad #ResearchForum and the Grad Excellence Awards!!
always get ahead of the attack;)
Hard at work never felt so good. Can't wait for the 15th
I hate missing the train by a block :/ sad watching it pass and knowing I have a 10 to 15 min wait ahead of me
had fun rocking the #headshots with Dyal Photography! Only 4 more sessions with those chicks.
Follow us on facebook as well, click on the Adamouski page
walked right up to the window and bought our wristbands today! No waiting! Glad I skipped the line on fri.
I don't wanna go to work, I just wanna stay in my bed all day <U+2602>
what a wonderful dog!
Feel like I want to cry
you too girlie!!
you shoulda like my background.
The Miller Park grass is way greener than the grass at Augusta.
I was dissappointed by the neflix selection, particularly, for the streaming only plan.
if you had a million dollar idea would you twitter it?
your fan club/street team is doing well. Keep up the good work my friend ;-)
*'s on improv, "It's so much easier if I just listen to the other person." Thanks for the interview this morning.
Rioters should be responsible to clean up today.
Last night was radical! Really an amazing experience to remember. ! Apostle; Papa G's word blew my mind and resurrection was power! (=
You know how my laptop fell off the top of my car onto the concrete in the parking lot while open? That was an expensive lesson.
Dean Got Dumped...On Her Birthday - I know. I know. It’s been way too long since I’ve written! While I would...
Don't forget! Intern applications due at 5pm. Visit www.guasfcu.com for more info about interning with GUASFCU
Okay, I'm started. I sure wonder what is going to happen to John and Eliza, so that is a good sign :)
Congrats, Ryan!
Can you take out a credit default swap on Tim Tebow?
That game killed me, and i'm from VA. RT 35-3? Bite Me!!! How bout Music City Miracle?yeah, take that!!
More World Series endorsement ideas: Tony La Russa & the Rally Squirrel for anti-fur PSAs, Ron Washington for Maalox
I have a very dear family member in intensive care that will be inpatient in the hospital for a long time. Please donate inspirational books
Europeans were never nice to the natives but I can't think of many analogs to the large-scale killing/relocation.
thanks for following (: I followed back
can I call u
We'll mostly be walking aimlessly around Paris. Look for clueless Americans with chocolate croissants smeared on our faces.
Arrived at #mla12 ! Setting up the book exhibit
Hurry and call 262-628-9121 to make sure your food is ready for the big game!!!
Just ate tacos C: oh yeah good way to start my day
thanks for following me.
way to go Therese!
I am donating a package to be auctioned off at Paws Hoorah for Planned Pethood, Inc. this year!
6 day work week ahead... Gotta make that money
You just got my vote from Milwaukee! Go Wacey!
MCA clearly did not go Axl re Rock & Roll Hall of Fame show. On the other hand, Kid Rock performing Beasties? Sabotage, even w/Questlove.
*~#DisH.O.E right here yo~*
The meek shall inherit the earth.....after we're through with it.
Another cup of tea. I'm becoming addicted.
you can email
oh yes
thanks! I will suggest that.
I'm sure nearly everyone in sports would rather work or play in Boston than Baltimore. You're doing good girl keep it up
follow me back lol
New round of phishing emails today that look like a complaint from the B. It's NOT. Attachment contains virus!
Will Captains of course. lol! Man that was a great movie.
Looking forward to having you come in! We hope to live up to your expectations. :)
#Wild claim #Patrick #O'Sullivan
Great to have a coworking space in Singapore listed in !
Am I the only 1 that notices that only has followers, he follows no 1. VERY CLOSED MINDED PERSON. He is to b pitied.
yeah, it is.. and I'm always glad to see there are more TVD fans than I thought :D
nailed it. Humility was the WWII generation. Narcissism is the minutiae of a celebrity culture.
All Architecture all the time = my mind ;) Thank you for the follow!
"Bipartisanship is not the opposite of principle." - Sen. Richard Lugar
I don't know. What's that?
My home is close to the intersection of Martin Luther King, Jr. and Malcolm X streets. This pleases me on many levels.
Sure. Go ahead. ;-p
#KONY2012 - He recruited kids to kill other kids in public. #HORNY2012 - He killed his own invisible children in public
where is your hard hat? Vest? Safety 1st
just wasted a hour watching a "Tattoo" show to see one piece done... fuck outa here with this Jersey Shore shit.
Thank you everyone for participating in todays pop up. You guys rock.
Sutherland 7th grade girls are rocking this lacrosse game!
What time will you be at the CH farmer's market?
scale 1-46 how excited are you that Andy's back?
well u botched the spelling but yeah
Just ate at Arby's next to some older folks all wearing old school #UK Starter jackets and talking #CATS They weren't very happy either
If you want to see a rainbow, you have to go through the rain..
What a beautiful day! Trading in my office for a park bench for the afternoon I think.
If I could vote healthcare plan would be # 1 issue. W/O health everybody loses.
Wet Willies was fun ready to see all my loves graduate in the morning
Thanks the the RTs. Have a great day!
My sincere thanks to ... a great B'more/NY chat !!!!
Damn the lakers going 7 games with the nuggets smh that aint good..
We lose 10% of our influence for every month-that we have no contact with a client
better yet call me 2402811361
RT If You Still Up !
En route to signature gather for #SAFECA. 2012 is the year to end the death penalty in CA!
Wen u feel pretty with all ur makeup on just bc u wanted to feel pretty u love the way you look, your mom walks by saying you look ugly.
You know it! Woo! RT : It's going to be a pretty low key weekend... NOT! #IUBB & #SuperBowl - It's gonna be CRAZY! Who's with me?
shout out to my oldest sister.she b turnin 24 today! happy birthday sis!dang time goes by fast!!luv ya
and Taylor Swift did SO good at the VMA's!!!!!
Sometimes us girls just need to be wined and dined to remind us of our importance.
lol I'm sure it was entertaining!
Did anyone see Joel olsteen in the crowd on the voice?
"i am very very single" - austin mahone
we offer professional baristas combine to give any party or special event a memorable distinction.
Another day of dedicated XSLT coding. At least it's Friday.
Love brother sister time
#thatawkwardmomentwhen your phone quacks in the silent nail salon
Ah it's hot in my room
Going nowhere fast. We’ve reached the climax <<<<<< i wish i was this dude. killed it on
What a crazy amazing night!!! And It keeps getting better!!
she leans for me....
Miller says he's 100% sure it will be fine by camp.
Happy Anniversary to my Boo...19 yrs ago today we got married @ the Colony Club in Barbados.
Umm. A couple different ones. but its alright.
Man, is going on a twitter rampage right now.
Great to hear the turbo engines again! No rain,windy in GS 6. Big names on track.
You can't just sit there & wait for life to come to you. You have to go get it.
is getting talked into staying another night in Tahoe to milk the last of the snow and utilize the cheap season pass.
I need the deets on this show manana
I'm making it to Electric Daisy this weekend and that's final, enough rap music for now
42 days until I can see you again :/
Good pen RT : #Mets game notes - the Mets are 6-2 in one-run games and 9-2 this season in games decided by two or fewer runs.
heavy flow. Hehehehe.
u follow me?
The week I go to the beach, Connor will be at Chaos in Tejas. HOW AM I SUPPOSED TO RELAX IF ILL WORRY ABOUT HIM THE WHOLE TIME?!
Everyone follow he's a beast!!!
why u gotta rub it in I think all deez laker fans had enough
Sparse group of protesters outside the Capitol, but plenty of free coffee.
Awww mama ur the best it was fun luv ya more “: Mommy & Me Day was FUN ! Love you Mommy <U+E32D>”
Ninety-nine percent of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses ~ George Washington Carver
that makes him the ultimate pitch count example.
In the advanced stage, bacteria develop at the base of the root of the tooth & attack the bone into which the tooth is embedded (osteolysis)
Starting to DJ my name is DJ B-LOST sounds sick huh o.O haha fact for the day SWAG=SOMETHING WE ALL GET wierd huh lol XD
Austin Powers: That's Dr. Evil's cat! Vanessa Kensington: How can you tell? Austin Powers: I never forget a pussy -- cat.
"It is never too late to be what you might have been" - George Eliot (writer)
I get what it is :) I'm saying what you going to put on it that makes it useful?
Congrats to Notre Dame, Baylor, and Saint Johns. What an exciting season!
rapper/producer/CEO lets go !! Lol
missed it...yikes.
Mom: "You are a shit sometimes you know that?" IT'S NOT MY FAULT YOU FORGOT I WAS WATCHING MIRACLE.
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident at 45th & Lamar
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Easy Whole Wheat Bread 4.58 / 5 Stars | 44 Reviews by PETZDELIGHT "An easy basic recipe for whole wheat bread th
This is a test. We repeat, this is only a test.
Video interview with the directors of InterArts the festivals new operating organization.
Congrats for Employees of the Month Mike Samuel, Ray Leslie, and Adrian Chrysanthou!
Hey Try Their marketing chief is awesome. And their FB page is nifty.
You can't just tweet that without having to explain something. Fair warning.
Have you seen Avengers? Thoughts?
Really sorry to hear about your cousin. Call me when you have some time.
I think we're at the courtyard marriott downtown/pioneer square.
#YEE you have a cute smile
waking up crying because of your dreams <<<
no! Come back! I'll miss u!
No problem, just trying to give those who can't make it to the Garden a little feel for the experience
pack, unpack, laundry. pack, unpack, laundry.
Good morning world... Keep encouraging your friends to follow
": Me and my sister are officially playing phone tag." I DIDN'T MEAN TO CALL YOU LIL NIGGA.
. #followthursday or #ff one day ealy, no matter. Thx for the mention
I'm glad I don't have any friends coming to town anytime soon...this shit is getting really old and embarrassing for Tucson.
A Harvey Birdman marathon is long overdue.
It's the first day of Spring. Celebrate your senses. Sip tea, plant a flower, practice yoga, & celebrate the birth of a new season.
That awkward moment when you look at Accuweather and LA and NYC are pretty much the same temperature
There will still be those who dismiss anything LeBron does before the finals, but give the man credit. He's gunning today.
i love you boo :*
Wow! Your performance on #Castle season finale last night blew me away! Well done!!!!
I don't like reality tv shows at all. They are a good laugh but pointless imo.
Blogs, facebook, twitter, etc. Gave a presentation on this subject targeted towards agents recently at the recent Restaino Blitz that wa ...
the fact that they can't get a deal done makes me wonder. I think it is organizational stupidity, but ...
"My surroundings is always on target!"
justin on the news it said you are In trouble for putting something bad on here what did you do!?
After carting around Nikelle today, 9 months of that would not have been enjoyable
I want a nice Mcdonalds breakfast with orange juice in a hash brown
M.....blueberry pancakes sound good don't you agree?
You remind me of a boy that I once knew...
So happy that voices on like and have us up writing #code for #learning #programs that #work for tweeps!
I want my dreams.
I don't think it's possible today. I'm not a happy camper :(
Great teams never change their uniform. God bless NYY!
U Street & Dupont are home to 2 exquisite French bistros – Bistro La Bonne & Bistro du Coin. Thursday, say OUI to !
70% of adult Internet users seek online video and 40% of all users seek health info online.
awesome thanks for letting us know!
Dont be fooled... Tattoos hurt
Wdup son? i'm following you. no literally, nice jacket you got on... I just got some binoc's! What you eatin, b, looks good
I am trying to watch less TV this year & noticed I don't miss it. A recent study found when u cut TV time in 1/2 u burn an extra 120 cal/day
wow that *is* aggressive. , just out of curiosity, why #sellout?
Lurking behind , and in the CMS Smackdown session
Miami Music Week: Which Track Reigned Supreme?
When you have to stand on my toes in order to have a spot on the train, it means the train is too full for you.
Congratulations to U and all the women who co-wrote the book Million Dollar Conversations! ~ Solomon
It's rare to find people that have both the technical chops and the design chops. Collaboration is good.
#claymore was so good.worth the wait. I love miria.Omg.This series gana end soon.This is my fav, so l b realy depresed wen tht hapens
New Costume Optimus Prime Costume
We have all met Gogal Bordello.
The initial contact has to be the sniffing
Thats what they're probably gonna do. And no i know im gonna cry like a baby tonight, just thinking about it breaks my heart!
Our Presidents Day Dance is going strong .... so where are you???
Antho already tell me
She is the shit.
To paraphrase mlk, the arc of the moral universe continues to bend towards justice. Only a matter of time until marriage equality is law.
try cathryn farnsworth. She is fantastic.
that surprised me! Interesting!
glad I could make your day :D
He called the wrong person.....
Work has been extra mean to me today :-$ long day x.x can't wait for lunch
Congrats Octavia! Yes the hottest guy in the room goes home with u!
Definitely could work. Otherwise, I'll find some sort of plow for my little Honda Civic? Oh, Wisconsin winters :)
you are welcome!
Why do you look so sad and forsaken don't you know when one door is closed many more is open
LOVING the new timeline format!!! What do you think?
#Dodgers won and Christ is risen! Um, maybe that should be the other way round. Happy Easter!
Sex aint better than LOVE but its better wen u INLOVE
Actually, that is what Gilbert Grape looks like
Bout to go make this $$$$
Turkey. Came to US for grad school and stayed afterwards. Where r u at?
we want to see my big bro
Watching Dre and Snoop. I feel like I'm in back middle school.
I believe he was in the slow class for real now lol
Now you can enjoy my wit and charm in 140 characters.
Reasons to be glad today: you did not awake at Stonehenge wedged between thousands of hippies
Just got beer spilled on my shoes. Shit's gettin' real at the Derby.
At St John's Church in Worcester for a memorial mass in honor of Britney Gengel 2 yrs after the earthquake in #Haiti - Details on at 9
Exciting week ahead. Wishing everyone luck, hope YOU have a great week!
Damn, I remember when it was always Jaidie & Elyshia ..
Bout to get into some ImpreSArio Artist Management company planning meeting, downtown! :) Awesome!!!!
AFTER ST. PATTY DAY SALE! FREE HEADPHONES WITH THE PURCHASE OF A VMS2 OR VERSADECK!
Cooking channel has exciting events for quick and easy meals. ******* Paula Deen
lol and thanks you too :) and nm...eating pudding pie...wbu?
I feel the same way! I want clean, white and crisp.
that is exactly what im doing lol. Daily. Are u ready to be done??
dont get an attitude with me boy!
Decisions decisions, what to do..... need some advice
I'll be home on Friday! I'm not gonna do anything all week except lay out... Interested? :)
Great day to be.
or a conscience.
You will know as soon as I do! LOL
Off to pick up one of Charlotte's most famous world travelers, and one of my favorite people, , from the airport. Glad she's back.
Cool :D
Excellent job paul...u go my friend
To continue the tradition of reducing waste, the is accepting coffee mug donations. Drop off your mugs & help keep AU green!
Upgraded my iPhone. Woahhh :)
@ this point, ANY SEX-that's good-will do!! :D Going to benihana later... feel like sake?...plus I wanna c the fresh 'do, balla.
Call from my day made my day
Don't forget to stop tomorrow after work for some shopping and cocktails! 5pm-9pm
Thanks for the wonderful birthday wishes . . . I feel truly blessed!
Get out of Your mind!
where are you? I didn't find a thing in town.
my phones on the fritz get on fb if you wanna talk
I should have more issues up in the next day or two!
One more hour
no...no you dont...kind of boring and all over the place...nothing shocking or cool other than santino.
two nights of insomnia. today should be interesting
Joan Rivers looks like Michael Jackson.
time should I be there?
great email. please lead the way!
iconic boyz who? OH. You mean the ICONic Boyz! Get it right.
Hey folks! was at last #shoptalkers chat, but phone wasn't sending my tweets. Hope it works 4 Wed :-/
they're pretty much tied.
BoyToy now works the closing shift, I still work mid-day. way too much time to get in trouble.
omg can't believe we missed it
Water has always been an issue in So Cal, but yeah, it's amazing we keep making national headlines!
We can't help you with the weather, but the city lights are still beautiful even with the rain!
Getting personal now aren't we Cameron.
I wanna go.
Tampa Trip give away is coming soon. If you've won this week, hover over your phones...
awesome! Opportunities this summer to use 's kickin' practice to inspire teen engagement. Can we promote U?
Alpha, step. Omega, step Kappa, step. Sigma, step Gangstas walk, pimps gon' talk Oh hecky naw that boy is raw
Good Morning East Coast Followers!
staying on my grind... come fuc with ur boy for drops or featurs and shows hit my manager up 206-888-8185 big mike
Yeah, I just instagrammed a picture of a piece of paper. Suck it.
Sunday NY Times mag is redesigned & recommitted to long form journalism. SxSW thinks long form journalism is dead. I'm with NY Times for now
ok im not gonna tweet bout bein alone in my crib and how no1 ever hits me up on anything but i will tweet how FUCKIN BORED I AM
Let's take responsibility 4 our own actions & emotions ppl-no1 has power over u but u.
The little things we shared are gradually disappearing and that's what scares me.
Your not using You're tenses correctly.
If you good at tweeting, you will do great working at the post office....cause this ain't nothing but a whole lotta LETTERS
Does Pacific Rim Fest have a Twitter feed?
": Let me sit on your face" what if you smell like booty?
Kiss Me, I'm Irish ;)
Beyond recovery or redemption; fallen or destroyed: a lost sole.
Unproductive. Changing that, then hitting the green street jungle.
lmaooo , it's ok you don't have to respond .. swallow my brothers kids while your at it though ..
Now watching Cosmos: A Personal Voyage By Carl Sagan <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BE>
One more day!!
Artician will be back up in a few hours
as crazy as it sounds, that could be the difference in the game
lol confirm might be the better word choice there. if i admit i'm crazy, it means i'm not, right? *G*
Girl: I'm cold. Guy: Stop complaining! Pretty Girl: I'm cold. Guy: Take my jaket… We can cuddle to transfer heat to your gorgeous body.
What happens when you're in full-on recording mode? You eat dinner at 1:20 in the morning lol.
Barricades of Heaven (studio version)
Why thank you sir. ": lol mad props to out of state broncos fans!"
RT: #Virgo knows how to get the biggest bang for their buck. Translation: Virgo knows how to make you orgasm hard with minimal ...
ALL-U-CAN DRINK. Tonight 9-1, rails and taps. It's nice out, nice enough to party.
I want to see Shutter Island so bad! Does it live up to the hype? I'd hate to be dissapointed by a Scorcese-DiCaprio film !
Girl you're hotter than a parked car
hey man! Could you email me your mailing address? Worr
Aaaahh all these Hunger Games leaked scenes, I cAN'T. I refuse to watch any of them.
Thank You!
» I believe in second chances, I just don't think everyone deserves them. :)
RG3 joins Jason Campbell, Patrick Ramsey, and Heath Shuler as Redskin 1st round QBs drafted. Fourth time the charm?
its true I am the fun.
ZUZU Flan voted best flan in Austin
Check out headlining the STRESS FACTORY comedy club in NEW BRUNSWICK,NJ tomorrow night thru Saturday night.
The only person with any intensity is Ersan. I'm more active sitting on my couch.
This years New Year's Eve party is going to be ridiculously cool. My friend is bringing his bag pipes to play Auld Lang Syne at midnight!
Was late for a yoga class. Turned out it was an African Drum Dance class. Judging from the giggles, I bet my expression was priceless
Fabulous! Great to hear.
3 T's to equip ppl: Tools, Tech, Training | access to channels & community
RT If I were Jesus, I'd change all the water on waterslides to wine because how awesome would winoslides be?
Bloging... Its amazing what your fingers type when you let jesus do the talking
wish we could join ya....boo to 5 hour drives. Have fun!!
We'll see... I might ask you about that at some pt. I want some good headphones and some sunglasses that fit my head.
Bayern is a mess on D.
Helping May Rihani celebrate her retirement from fhi360
The World Series of Poker will hold a tournament with a ridiculous $1 Million buy-in per player. 30 people have signed up already.
Jamie, you are a goddess!
Getting ready to head to Geneoa city to hang with "Cane" post pics later
Congrats to H.D. Woodson Girls BB Team 4 winning 7th straight DCIAA Title by beating Wilson 61-18. DC Youth Rock!
Hey hey! Como estas? When are you stopping by our new offices? They're stunning :)
I Am What I Am not what i'm not :')
hooooo braddah and braddah , dem's #foosin words! black and yellow, black and yellow, black and yellow...
Wow, this weekend was both beautiful and tranformative. Thank you Cincinnati!
We are distributing in 9 states: WI, MI, MN, OH, NJ, NY, PA, ND & IL.
CONGRATS on the big #puttytribe launch today!!! Hope it goes super fantastic!!!
Funny - I am IN New Orleans!
:-) RT : Licking my paw. Tastes like nature.
In my callback, the director called me " a nut" well I guess at least he will remember me:)
that would be a great story for a novel.
I've developed an obsession with those WoodWick candles that make crackly noises like a campfire...helps me write.
T&A=transparency and accountability, to clarify
shhhh. You can't say that on twitter.
Finally cold enough to break out my new Miami hoodie... Thanks, !
No sleep tonight, way too good of a mood
The puppy pooped under my desk. A non-too-subtle commentary on my writing skills.
is hanging out with Uncle Jesse and the Tanners.
it really is a a good one...
Lessons from House: Being right and getting results is ALL THAT MATTERS. Be right and people can hate you, but still need you.
did my first cool lift today with #somuchfun :)
We need an Executive Producer/Film-Financier 4 FRESH-OUT 2 star a Compton Hood Movie.
Are you saying we don't bathe? ;)
Absolutely. We'll be working on this for a few months at least. It's a feature length experimental documentary.
Um i still know all the words!!
Malawi gets female President..
We don't want to use the instructor voice, we want to use the dating voice...
#onceuponatime is getting crazy!!!
It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world and moral courage so rare
ur beautiful, never forget it!
Shower mosh: no regrets
Nerissa Myers gets a three-run home run to extend the Cajuns' lead to 12-1.
Sweet! Thanks! Just parked in the structure across the street. Be right over!
thank you for following me.. I followed back!!
I would love to go see justins charity concert. Shriners is an amazing hosptial.
1st draft of new pilot done in 2 weeks. Very happy with my progress!
privacy is a more complex right than ownership
I need a quote for some UB t-shirts and koozies! Please DM me.
Welcome to the latest and greatest time-suck! Nice to have you aboard. :)
All I can say is wow. UK looks unbeatable.
It is important to expect nothing, to take every experience, including the negative ones, as merely steps on the path, and to proceed.
Who's ready to #win win win???
you better get a bus pass tomorrow. Or i will kill you , forreeeeeal. #whyamifriendswiththiswhore ?
Yep... It's about that time. Jello shots. Beers. And Call Me Maybe on repeat.
Morning cuzin have a good day
You dont have a job
It's a lot more than that bro. See you in a few months
I needed that. Thanks, lady. <3
thanks for your awesome help and encouragement. I will definitely be doing this again + again so hope you can stick around!
No problem! I'm pretty stoked! You're totally not who i planned to do it on. But you seriously, BLEW THEM OUT OF THE WATER.
at least he pays!
Of course this game goes to OT, haven't we read this story before?
so y my daddy permed his hair talkin bout if mama can do it so.can I.lol
RT : do you have current tv? there's a good high school fb show called #4thandforever. you would like it.
LMAO Big debate at the campaign office... you'll be entered into a drawing for a vintage 1974 "Brown for Governor" bumper sticker
#ThingsweallLOVE cuddling with that special someone!
Avi on point
I sure hope so!! Can't wait for future hang time (:
HI LIGHTS I LOVE YOU
Got me in this office freezing...so disrespectful.
Thank you so much, that's so very kind. loving your blog as well!
OMG!! Love this game!!!
Today in 1912 the first 2 cherry trees were planted in Washington, DC! This year marks the 100 year anniversary of the cherry blossoms in DC
" I Remember You" Skid Row...
Well then
hell yea! Back stage and everything then we'll go get our matching tattoos.
haha we're awful! But my goodness it's funny!
i dont even remember ihope not
I dnt really care if u dnt like me
In the hair salon and saw a lady with a university of Kentucky shirt. #gouk!!
En route home to see my boyfriend that I've missed so much this weekend!
Thanks for the follow, twitter not showin me love.
We transported some of your guest today. Please don't forget to provide our information to your guest. thank you.
Atleast Cena will be there Monday......
Done working earlier than expected. Time to go throw some heavy weights around at the gym and feel manly.
did you ever find your phone?!
Two days is a row? You're so lucky! Come check out our sample sale today at French Pharmacie!!!
I bet the 401k benefits aren't so good, though.
does that mean it has burst into flames?
#Gators win Game 2 5-1, clinch series victory over 'Cats.
Wearing a ball cap...I never wear ball caps...but now I do...and now I will...forevermore!
welcome back! Hope you and hubby had fun!
handy h1 records great
Some people just don't listen. They're always the one's taken so off guard when all of a sudden things are different.
Crying my eyes out :'( need someone to talk to!! text me at 1-916-637-4191
since is going to my girl friday`s show at webster, you should too !
Thanks so much!
Why does everyone want a twitter boyfriend all of the sudden .-.
Glad to have the day off. Meeting Andrea for lunch
- where you at bro? aint no snow in cincy...
i strongly disagree.
If you leave in houston, we should meet and become best friends yes that'd be great
The AAF-San Antonio is a resource that protects and promotes the multi-cultural advertising community of San Antonio.
YOU BET!!! are doing some amazing work here in Chicago! ;) Thanks, in part, to the Summit and Training.
Loved Obama having a good day. Scolding the press and getting in Trump referral as carnival barker
Met some pretty cool people at the YPC social committe meeting tonight and look forward to working with them.
I love the dirty looks people I used to know give me.
Casey Anthony is allowed to get away with murdering her child, but they take the life of Troy Davis#iamtroydavis rip troy davis
im listening! but #ftr somebody outta fire mr. excitement
Torrential downpour in Pune this afternoon, complete with lightning. Apparently this is the first real rain in about 9 months.
You did, I'm glad you made it out to see it! It was far from perfect, but I learned a lot and set a baseline to grow from
No, there is kicking, throwing, teasing and chair jumping going on during the nibbling. She's getting too big to catch in midair!
"There is no such thing as a permanently great company, nor a permanently great industry. But there are permanently great strategic moves."
don't know he f****n wit #realn!&&@ right hur
"You are headed in the right direction. Trust your instincts." Thank you, fortune cookie.
Business Contact:
I follow back everybody so use take advantage of me!!
yes! I called it..so I gotta be the God-father!! Congrats sahn, I'm happy for you! <U+263A>
Time to make the doughnuts.
just gave me goosebumps.
after an emotion roller coaster this morning... I have learned how to print from my iPad! Wooohooo!
tip-noodles, spaghetti and other starches won't boil over if you rub
You don't want to miss the Reverend Peyton band live tonight in the Pier Bar!
my girlfriend CLAIMS her name is Megan. Please advise.
Hurry to #Xerox hall 8b at #drupa - the next special performance by du Soleil is about to start in 5 mins
Never Bite The Hand That Feeds
When will Chris Christie sign the bill expanding New Jersey's tax credit program for film and digital media production?
RT : If you run over your time at #LAK12 you will be heckled by the laughing kangaroo < which makes ME laugh, too!
Your son is going to be a star! Super chap..great fun to see him today!
How can the American people pick themselves up by their bootstraps if they cut them off and steal them? We need Change
so, like, hey, guys, is so amazing. and he sings so beautifully.c:
Talk about the 49ers big win, haven't heard from Espn on it so far
but there's a guy out there 'into that', no matter what 'that' is, really.
When hit 4,000 followers one lucky follower will have a chance to win a custom #BallSoHardUniversity sewn letter authentic baseball jersey
; i got the privilege to see it for free. :o
show - I admittedly cried. Literally - best show ever. Executed better than MEW who are extremely hard to top.
Happy Reading Day Huskies!
I have a habit of grabbing the 1st parking spot I see, walking 8 blocks & seeing 15 better spots I could have chosen.
Hey I thought of another good athlete named Kyle, Vandenberg Bosch. Though he's a Lion now, so maybe not an athlete.
I love it when my kiddo counts for me! :-)
For #FF: Best of the Bunch - , The Guild Cinema, Shoes on a Shoestring, Long Shot Digital, , Papa Felipe's.
Thanks for following me! Love you guys' mission!
At GO! When you text GoCity to 84444 you should receive a thank you message for joining! Its free! Stop anytime.
Any suggestions?
Tooth Tip: Keep it fresh: Don’t forget to toss your toothbrush every 3-4 months for optimal oral health.
Good to hear that you've heard good things. We have brunch on Sat & Sun. Open at 7 am M-F with free wifi
just discussed the beliefs in a str8 forward fashion including centrality of faith.
FRIENDS 1 of 10: Friends are like walls, they’re always there when you need something to lean on, ok now I'm fall like the DOMINO EFFECT =p
If I look or act like Billy Crystal when I get old, you have my permission pull the plug. If there's no plug, shoot me in the face.
I hate it! ~> RT : This show is so uncomfortable...but interesting...'Girls' on HBO
Berklee alum John Mayer "Here's your social media plan: create music that doesn't suck"
broke 15' dead log in half by jumping on it while it was propped on another log-other end flies up, hitting me directly in head
there's still a lot of us and we are not happy
#travelIn2012 New Orleans #check what's the details for Miami?
yeah I accidentally tweeted you that and meant ti tweet someone else ;)
you were wrong about basketball... You are wrong about baseball what are you good for and how do you have your own show???
Stop by my studio tomorrow I'll talk to you about it!
And all my cars got gas in the ashtray.
I remember being blind to it, til the day I put my mind to it
Well..... At least most of the time. I'll admit the characters have more interesting backgrounds than any other from the
Getting a bed today! No more air mattress :)
#TwSIG Some faculty reticent to use Twitter incase there are inappropriate comments and it is instant. So not requiring students to use it.
I'm freezing my buns off at this playground! Isn't it supposed to be May tomorrow? Where's the sunshine and warmth?!
Im sorry... you seem super stressed.... I cant promise it will get better... I just hope it does... You dont deserve this.
“: are you doing a comedy tour soon man? Come to or ” <Do it!
"Turns out everything was nothing, cause everything was me. To you, everything was nothing." Greg Laswell
Rough weekend for my And now Barry Zito is the stopper. :(
So The Wanted called Christina Aguilera a bitch and said that she acted like a total diva.... Well I would agree with that statement.
Agent calls me an "hour "after showing time to tell me they will need to reschedule!! Ugh!
I was hoping you'd say stop what... So I could say stop being perfect.(:
my boy Jesse doped up too smfh
Congrats congrats congrats :).
In jersey
I am checking out the #DallasCowboys pet gear now!!! :)
Merry Christmas Eve!!!!
Did JT draw up that play, too? :)
not that i dont adore you.. but i already got tickets to that show... im getting the feeling like i hve said to much..lol
SJMC students and alumni, join #uwrightnow Wed., 4/18, to document a day in the life of Interesting social media effort!
those people you just wanna hug, <3
Congrats, Beki! RT Just found out I was accepted into the Madison Audubon Society Art Fair on May 5.
Real NECN journalism alert! Wait...it's on sports. I suppose you take what you can get!
50% off markdowns in stores today! Time to pick up those style-savvy pieces you've been lusting after, for less!
is there a French version of food stamps?
how do I PDF the signed doc? Problem is I don't have a printer. Mine doesn't work anymore.
I was just saying with all the crazy shit that's been going on in Columbus lately ion wanna hear no more mess. I'm good though.
going on a random music youtube find.....lets see if i can find some good secret songs :) xx going in.
We "claimed" #steve for Doesn't stop those Steve Harvey fans from walking all over us.
Z has been making Ra-Ra sounds so Isaac has started calling him Lord GooGoo
James Butterworth discusses migration, technology, and the rise of the Peruvian pop diva.
11:11 make a wish bitch
Jonny Lang is singing one of my favorite songs "That Great Day"
I'm wearing my Tyler Myers Jersey 2day, where's all the love? Need more Sabres Jerseys out 2day! BELIEVE ppl!
no problem man!
Shooting continues tomorrow with David Andres Silva Prada, Liana Afuni, and Spencer Lofranco
Import Auto Maintenance. Over 600 dollars as a first time customer; not even a car wash. Lame.
EB! Along with some Boyz II Men!! Come on ;-)
our inlays are different :)
Geez, it seems like this storm came out of nowhere! So much for a #beach day. At least we can catch up on projects.
Dear LOL, thanks for being there when things get awkward. Sincerely, I have nothing else to say.
Just a couple of short assignments and I'm done for the semester!
I can be put together like a puzzle, but the pieces may not always go together
LSU board fires system president John Lombardi
you're damn right I am.
i want to just stop writing essays...please save me
Robert Downey jr. is a very sexy man.
i'm going to start a board on my Pinterest page called "Stupid Shit People Pin".
Yeah that's true too.
I <U+2665> you more than bacon. Happy Valentine's Day!
This niggas barber needs to be fired
im gud too.... you own a crown on twitter....
yes y'all. Y'all got a problem with that? Hahaha JK. Yeah I just took a shower and we're going to eat breakfast.
you as well
he's still not back!? :'(
Happy Easter! Psalm 136: God's love never dies.
Sounds fun! So you picked a place you want to live and finding a job. Good for you. Aren't you going to miss directing?
haha yes, I thought it was quite funny! Best of luck in all your endeavors!
Haven't posted much about it, but check out to see what my partner Damect and I have been up to since Nov!
It's sad how I dont have a bestfriend
RT : RT : Thanks to those who attended our event w/ last night + our hosts - more info on future...
Great photo! Good seeing you last night, let's do it again soon!
Austin "you know you're wearing jeans but not a shirt? haha or bra?" jesse "she doesn't wear those, i'd know" me "what?! how would you..-_-"
#SignsAPersonCantCook They make you a salad. Cooking means cooking people. Not putting something in a bowl.
parmesan, breadcrumbs, egg, milk, garlic, spices. Cooked in sauce for 40 min. Simple but real tasty.
Three things i hope never get old: mumford and sons music, reading on rainy days, and my soul.
I love when you go bowling and your friend whose single gets hit on by a brazilian guy
If you know your mediocre, don't try to look above average if it hasn't worked by now!
RT : #scip2012 be careful when seeking your Legal Counsel's advice on your CI ethics, always conservative and could be hindering
Probably not, to tell the truth. :^)
“: why are we promoting it?” This is a great debate to have...
Durant walk cool as hell. Lol
you are a nut!
Time to watch some #MLSonNBC #PHIvCLB before going to the game
I'm out for 3hrs if u try to reach me, wait....
Stop being retarded
I double dip lol
So much spam coming to this account! Make sure you all are changing your passwords :)
It functions like an ad but is more of a testimonial. So instead of pushing out a message, it comes from a satisfied customer.
Definitely something to be afraid of.
should bring back Assy McGee. There's just something funny about seeing an ass carry a gun in a holster
Lord, Please increase my Confidence. Whenever I start to doubt myself, Help me to remember that You believe in me.
BarCamp Protip: Aim for a 15 min presentation to allow for questions after, and time to get to the next presentation!
Is Donnie Darko a good Easter Bunny movie for kids? (asking for a friend who is babysitting tonight)
I like that code!
Twitter's value exponentially increased by posting pictures of adventure abroad.
Congratulations to Johnson Central High School on their 3rd place finish in the state Governor's Cup Competition.
Working on an Us,Today website, finding a domain name that isn't being used by a news paper is going to be difficult.
I even tried call different radio stations but never went through! Every other website is too much money:/
#day #Apple #A A day in the life of an Apple store
Good morning cruel world. What's next?
Its Birthday and stood up all night just to wish tou a happy birthday as early as can be love yah MadBoy <U+2665>
The law does convict us, for sure
I'll fight you!
It's a great tool for communicating with people with similar interests. It's where all my gymnastics friends are! :)
saw many cute dogs in Madison Square Park dog run today. It's so peaceful seeing the dogs play.
The best relationship builders are good conversationalists. And great #fundraising professionals use conversation to nurture relationships.
Looking forward to hearing Sir Bob Geldof speak tomorrow at the Response Expo in San Diego
trying to get out of it? You could always say that you told somebody that you would go watch them play?
Done. Congrats, bro!
lemon drop
"Cheers to a New Year and Another Chance for Us to Get it Right." & Y'all No who i am Talking Two LOL
At the game_!!!
yup. The 9th bro
Smug: We have the main ingredients for cacciatore, except the chicken. One of our fave cold-weather dishes. Yes, it is cold in Denver.
If he plays like he did today, yes. Watt was everywhere. Made tackles sideline to sideline.
That's it... my car is officially considered a total loss :( Time to look for a new car? This is depressing.
haha I agree with that. Could give him one for the last sb though with 21 on ir.
I didn't find out until last night that the show started a month ago!! Is there any place I can catch up w/ full episodes?!
thank me later...
why weren't you working today!?
S/O to my cousin for the way he complimented me today <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>.
One of the busiest weekends of my life.
there you go! Good win boys!
Is there anyone who believes posting MOVING TO AREA, LOOKING FOR CLUB on a message board doesn't mean "I'm a PIA parent w/ an average kid".
your lucky justin knows who you are an he cares ! :)
That's so weird. Perhaps the Twitter bug at work? I refollowed, try again please :)
He said it! "Being a cover artist is not like being a real artist. That's just copying what someone else did." - Bach
to the rescue! RT thank you for a great evening & especially for Deanna gracing us w/ her presence!
i was going to save my 100th tweet for something cooler, BUT I CANT STAND THESE EXPLOSIVE SHOTGUN SHELLS ON
Really think this guy will last a while <3
I'm sure they're out there somewhere but generally not in music circles.
LOBSTER MARGARITA!! RT : WORST MARGARITA: Red Lobster Traditional Lobsterita = 183 g carbs = 7 Almond Joy bars!
I'm fighting with my best friend, my iPod is crapping out and idk I just feel off :/
The way you treat people is a direct reflection of how you feel about yourself.
Thx ! Every kid deserves a shot at Board Books...Chapter Books...and Textbooks, don't you think? rocks.
listening to my favorite
Many pillows are a ministry to the soul....
NEXT MUTHAFUCKA SEND ME SPAM IM REPORTING U AS SPAM
or I defended my team. But yeah ok. I'd love to argue more, however I have work to do. We can pick this up later.
well you know I'm down so looks like we gonna have a long weekend workin n partying shit gotta start summer 2K12 off right!!
Was very distressed to hear about the Mumbai bombings.
And of course I did. 1) nvidia+xen = :( and 2) tesla card needs both power connectors
I have been torn a dozen times before
Today was so beautiful, it just made you happy.
I want the zebra vlados. Actually i want all of the vlados, but those in particular. Haha
The fact I have school in 6 days makes my life worse
Getting ready for our "Teaching Online" Course with I know I've said it before but it truly is one of the best courses!
If someone wants to be in your life, they'll damn well make the effort to be...
"Both hands on the desk" - History professor to the kid who came in late while the cover of Playboy from 1976 was on the PowerPoint.
RT : RT : Obesity rates in america have tripled since the 1970s. Wow!
You too have a wonderful weekend!
Here at 's Female Success Factor Panel with who's up next to share her amazing story.
So the West Memphis 3 was recently released due to reasonable doubt, but there is more reason to prove Troy Davis's innocence.
Teacher: No ipods in school. Me: Yeah, because lil wayne is gonna rap the answers to me.
getting ready for Los Altos (California) Art Festival, showing my tropical paintings, this weekend...
LOL! Thanks the gods my sense of smell is shot.
Wow, that is a truly glorious twitter picture. Thanks for the follow!
Feels like im back in texas. Hot den a mug
Enjoy the read, Gabriel
Aflac should offer a plan for bats. They could call it... Bat Aflac!
I love Sundays. <3
Hey there swags...def going in on a live drum recording today...release the mics!!!!
RT Facebook has now programmed Instagram to automatically take photos of your feet and breakfast when you're not using it enough
Sounds the same. I shouldn't have to pay much if any. They are counting the same income twice. But documenting fix = huge time suck.
Yul! That's one of my favorite movies
"I LOVE TWITTER, KATEE THERE'S A TWITTER FIGHT! AHH I LOVE TWITTER"
why did sex and the city come on at 1am? must.go.to.bed.
wait no no I was right it wouldn't be grammatically correctly would it?
b/c it looks pretty and 'edgy' on screen but is not very usable as currently stands :(
#Life RT : Rafiki: “The question is, who are you?” | Simba: “I thought I knew. Now I’m not so sure.” –The Lion King
So many new friends! Thanks for following , and !
I was wondering where your citations were!
It was great to meet you and try your Rooibos Chai at the Fancy Food show. Fair Trade Organic #ForTheWin!
Thank you so much for your blog posting! #weheartyou,
any time. glad to see you on the list.
lol as all the strangers go in to skype you
Scratches my head, so... = Plus 100? He did pretty good for a newbie.
man Joel didn't deserve that
Listening to :)
Sink your teeth right through my bones baby, let's see what we can do
money is gonna et u a plae to stay keep food in ur mouth ect ect it will never let u dwn if u dn know that then idk
ah. Ok. I like hearing those kind of stories.
just killed the drums on this new song. A little more radio ; )
doubles down on clean energy so we stay ahead of China to help our economy grow
Cmon #Ags, don't disappoint me!
Freud wrote a little tract on Moses and his being Egyptian. I have no knowledge of Freud. My ignorance of modernity is deep.
Back it up beep beep like a trucker :)
Dear Civilization: Newt G. is going to Advocate, Define, Organize, Lead, Teach, and most importantly, Arouse the shit out of you!
Kinda of sad I guess.
I remember them by heart..I was a huge rugrat's fan..I even had their video game lol
I really hope it is not. Several websites have said it was a rumor. Hard to believe any country could do that. So sad.
Tonight's the night big man! The Defense of "0UR" Lombardi Trophy begins!
how was kickball loves? RT : so glad I saw you tonight
Quick, get in your car and stop tweeting.
Try the pierogi as a side option at the Polish Center's fish fry!
We were just jamming out to an oldie but goodie, and wondering how many songs do you think the average person has memorized?
your controversial show is showing in Europe too, spread the 'c' word. Love it
Many, many thanks!
I feel that way about twitter
You, sir, made me laugh out loud.
Does Ben Franklin inspire you? If so, please let me know why. Doing Hack Day event for work. Need support for Library. Thx
I can't wait till my modeling career takes off on Instagram.
I should try and get some sleep see you guys in 2 hours when I give up
Congrats to and on their recognition tonight. Proud to have worked with them both!
We must see ourselves as teachers first
thanks, great deal!
"...blog posts shared only on Twitter tended to have 63% more page views than those shared on Facebook"
lolol so much for having a page to talk about shit... now we have like boundaries. ugh wtfff. are you on tumblr babe?
Wish I was wearing my tube top
no not at all
RT : "Encourage an open environment where employees feel protected if they raise ethical questions."
Starting is the MAIN thing we need to DO today. Stop "fiddling" and DO. My new personal mantra.
For having the worst test ever I'm glad this day ended better with my car back! Such a relief
Follow me please? :) <U+E022>
You are too kind. lost a rockstar when you left!
Republicans block Obama jobs bill
Model portfolio development shoot scheduled for tomorrow with the beautiful Samantha.
es una cancion! don't invite me to the park anymore it's over!
Yes, I like it. The options were good for both myself and my sons.
Keep on telling it, hermano.
(Oak Creek) Smoke in basement of house @ 9561 S Nicholson Rd
oh I don't remember that
My phone never gets any love anymore:/
hahaha, I totally missed that one....you're a trickster.
We may have some tickets to give away for the New York International Film Festival Opening Night party on November 17th.
Just learned another coworker from my old job died this AM. Hoping this is the last in a long line of such things for a while!
#friday "BRING IT"
A year ago today I first whacked lips on
Had a great burger at Fergie's Pub with after shooting the video blog for
I time traveled in my dream last night The ppl I visited knew they knew me but couldn't figure out how...i hope I didn't mess up the present
Gotta get up early tomorrow, work in the morning.
Don't miss out on another great night of MMA brought to you by Rocktagon MMA and CageStars
thanks for the love! Hope you enjoy the rest! :)
He conquers who endures.
Happy Mother's Day, to all the professors who grade with little ones on their lap. You know who you are.
Wars come and go, but my soldiers stay eternal
shit i am i just let u knw ctfu
Can one of you give me a screenshot of what you do see?
The more I play the lottery the bigger the looser I feel (:>P)
how are u?! Hope you are feeling great.#livemylife is stuck in my head.
"VOLUNTEERS: SO MUCH MORE THAN SLAVE LABOR" "RAISING THE DEAD: USE OF HELICOPTERS TO LIFT HEAVY FOSSILS" I <3 paleo preparators' talk titles
Great minds discuss ideas. Average minds discuss events. Small minds discuss people.
Yes there will be a tweetbook! Just starting to work on it now!
C'mon Packers!!!!
Congratulations Meryl I was rooting for you!
the idea that people even bother to fact check these movies is beyond me. you should operate on the premise that everything is wrong.
Just saw that Ariana Grande, who plays Cat Valentine in the Nickelodeon sitcom Victorious, joined Adva Mobile
#VAhobbits MT : In 1634, King Charles I created 8 shires in Virginia which were later renamed as counties. 5 of 8 still exist.
Nobody ever really voted FOR austerity, right? In France or anywhere else. It's just something some German banks wanted and thus got.
HAPPY NEW YEARS EVERYONE! We hope you are all having a great start to 2012!
If those birds can't fly in this wind, our plane can't fly. Great logic
RT : We did not permit Alabama and Mississippi to make decisions in my day.
Luis Barron sentenced to 54 years-to-life for shooting and killing a 15-year-old girl at a San Diego Park in Aug. 2010.
RT : Q4. How do you let your employer know you would like more responsibility with a client or position?
those are the onlyy ones i have
Ansolutely love your performances tonight, you should more rock <3
Today is going to be a good day.
Had a wonderful day exploring DC art gallery, museum and used bookstore with my good artist friend! I'll definitely miss living in the city.
amazing :) lol do you want me to ask them if they will follow you
It is feeling so wonderful to be so busy. I cant wait to be traveling around <3 #VegasEndofMAY!!! <3
A 100...I like that!
Oh, sad face! Bummer you won't be in the neighborhood, but see you soon, regardless!!
When I text you, it means I miss you. When I don't text you, I'm hoping you'll miss me. <3
Im bored. Guess its time to take my ass to sleep.
Baa (grandma) made pani puri because I have having a bad day!!!
But a woman worth some anger is certainly worth some effort
Thanks for the follow! - And the great resources!
No, we definitely were. And about how I like imagining all his characters as grown up George Michaels. So delightfully awkward.
People who ask celebrities for retweets are so annoying...retweet if you agree
Yeah what are you
Heehohaa. I just went through airport security. Just to renew my passport. Chill nigga.
thanks :) If they tell me I am allergic to beer I am coming after you.
YES GOD!!! & I watched that song 3X last week, then shouted afterwards.
Hey how was your day?(: #FollowMe?(: <3
that bird was ballsy!
a forehead... but bigger
Let me count the ways. For $50 million in guaranteed salary, I would burrow under 3 feet of snow to mouth-fuck a polar bear.
Democratic candidates in #wirecall make last stops before Tuesday primary. Barrett has 3 stops in Kenosha, Falk heads to Milwaukee
I love my bitches (: haha . She buyin me a black
Got down my roundoff back-tuck but I just can't seem to get my roundoff back-handspring >.<
#Packers are 11-0!! Heck yes :)
Facebook ain't nothing but street gossip and Twitter is a popularity contest smh
“: An entertaining Super Bowl was made more enjoyable by fact we won a pool w/Giants' late TD, failed 2-pt play” same here
I see that we only need two - that's TWO - people to round our page's fans to 800. Ask a friend to join the party!
whatre you up to til christmas we gotta chill
my pillow* light please!!
thanks ! Hope we can catch up soon.
It was never love
thanks for the encouragement
#DearOomf I find you very attractive .
If this college thing is gna work i really have to stop doing all this procrastination -_-
#HappyMothersDay to my wonderful mom and aunt. They're two of the greatest people and I love them to death(: Thank you for everything<3
nice to meet u too u got a facebook
I disagree. I think ATL is better than DET right now. They beat them straight up.
Cant wait until this gnarly sunburn starts peeling and it looks like i have gnarly dandruff
5 page paper done by tomorrow?
Hanging out with my best freind beverly and my sister.
A camel? Really? Only in Austin.
Thx for the welcome! I've been here as but am now jumping in with both feet.
sounds awesome!
what?! Who would be so foolish? How can dance class be more important than spending time with YOU?
Even without the daily twitter reminders, I still remember the 'Islander clock' every day. We will succeed
Terrible feeling when your no longer needed ... aint it lmao!!
hope you back with the team next year! you was a definite bright spot...
Knicks looked good but need to close out games with defense.
thanks so much for playing your heart out and wearing the blue with pride. #BBN will always have your back! Get some rest!!
what is one song you listen to that never gets old?
I mean did you send it to me before today?
you are so sweet that if u were a booger I would pick you first
It's almost mothers day! What's everyone doing for it?
nice summer rain in park slope, brooklyn
having 2nd thoughts about the councilman
I used to be one; whadda ya got?
hi, i'm your future wife <3
#SomeoneIWantToMeet he's amazing and I love him so much.
%40DanH1nrichs um yeah you do! if I go I'll throw stuff on your card so you get punches!
Everyone getting to act like they're Irish on St. Pat's is made a bit less offensive to me by everyone getting to act like a Wasp on Easter.
Unfortunately, there are not.
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral
Please remind me 2 remind U about reminding me to send U this reminder that reminds me of reminding U that U never have to remind me
is it weird that i have a crush on ? probably... i <3 him <3
Registration for the Wild West Veterinary Conference will be opening next month!! Keep your eyes peeled for details!
i have a number of mixes i can toss you. As for musical diversity, there's spots, just have to know about them. Keep in touch.
When is assault not aggravated
Excellent. Working on a special treat for all.
Finished a session with for the new DCAP record... Get ready internet!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYBODY!!!! GOD BLESS YOU ALL! #1<U+2665>
the playoffs have been interesting so far I think it's pretty even in the west and would love to see some surprises in the east
Time to stop putting off integrating social media into my lead gen campaigns. Where to begin?
very exciting!
The names of politicians who sought online #poker bans are reviled in the poker community. Will the name share that infamy?
Waiting in car in juana diaz town center.. There's a game of dominoes being watched by at least ten men
and blake!
After that they were made out of leather which was stuffed with feathers Russian I
I really needed a little NW recharge this weekend.
marathon of dope vinyl.. anyone? sooner then later its coming!
Ready for another amazing night w/ to see my all time faves at <3 <3
Glad we were able to give you a jump—any chance you could share some details about what you're working on now?
Paranormal Activity 3 did the franchise justice! And no, this does not invite you tell me how you didn't like it.
#Congratulations to Seniors Frank Arute, Kelly Collett & Tim Wilwert for receiving 1st place for their POPACs design at the AIAA conference!
Have a good weekend #TeamFitness Fam
GreenDoor at Edenglen grand opening this Saturday at 10am! New Designs for Modern Living in Ontario! Check out homes in the low $300,000s!
Who is this Ed Reed and how did he do against my Patriots in the playoffs?
you didn't! i swear you didn't!
my outlook icon decided to be a word icon today...at least i still don't have to use word
annotating a printed pdf of a digital humanities article
Os can learn a lot from the rangers
Laptop was invented as a personal creation vehicle for students
Be nice to everyone and they will be nice to you #yogabbagabba gets it why can't the rest of the world get it
and I may have found something worse than taking to the casino. the humane society.
now my brain be working overtime and I remember what all my relationships were like all at once...
Lauren Camp-- when there is no audience, it's harder to pull it out of yourself
Oh yea Thanx bro!!
Everyone must see Bill Cunningham Documentary at www.filmforum.org for details. A wonderful film about an extraordinary beautiful person.
i cut my bangs too short so now i feel stupid
I got tan yesterday… kinda.
Getting pumped for Sleep No More at the McKittrick Hotel tonight! Supposed to be an awesome NYC experience.
Up too late editing performance clips.
im excited 2 plzs follow thats one of my wishes this new years 4 u to follow me plzs plzs luv ya lots logan
This is OKC year out of the west.
Good morning! It's still shitty outside.
Watch out! might be on you. RT : Lmao, people still make diss-tracks? Play in traffic, booboo ass.
#OneThingILove competition/gambling
your cell phone is obsolete in 2 years, shouldn't your internet change too...Peewaddy.com
that's where I live.
Dear girls in this Facebook profile pic, no one thinks you're sexy
Ah! Can't sleep now! Eben RT'd me!! :) #accomplished thank you :)
#Orlando bound Tonight!! I Believe in Wrestling at 8pm!! Cant Wait!!
I kinda like the name "The Indomitables" for this team...incapable of being subdued or overcome; unconquerable, never giving up
Wait, I get credit for Padawan, right? That seemed clever. And I notice my iPhone has added the word to its vocab
Congrats! I'm shooting for the list of the Top 50 sociologists not to follow for fear of dangerous ideas.
Focus on the Kenyan. Village idiots!
#WhyDoHoes Call them selves bitches we already thought of a name for you "Ratchet".
All I've hear this week - "hey what are u doin for 4/20?" Uhhmm same thing I do every Friday?
Yal nerd basch drasa :| RT": Mom's plan for the summer vacation is to go tl Mecca, and my plan was to take summer school.
I discovered that it is really hard to work without an index finger
please inform that I started saying "bro bro" before him.
You stay classy, Lakers! Yikes...
you could say I am not your average #moo cow :)
SOUTH CAROLINA GOES BACK TO BACK IN COLLEGE WORLD SERIES 5-2
what u tweeting bout!!!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW TABLET PC REVIEW: 10.2" Synthetic Leather Case with Keyboard and
Maybe readers won't be so distrustful of science if they come away from a story feeling smarter. Mark Johnson
Quiet Monday
Shout out
Lol how do y'all know each other?
"Here are my terms." - NICOLE MILANO
Think about this before licking someone: "Tongue prints are as unique as fingerprints" ;)
Guess Peprah missed the come-to-Jesus meeting for the defense. Just like he missed the tackle.
I am working tonight and counting the minutes. :D Have a great weekend!
Antoine 2 Antoine...I gotta survive lol :/
crazy plank day! super strong core- forearm and palm!
Re New Yorker: interesting re the piece is Stanford as site where humanities v utilitarianism playing out. Trad v new ways of
TODAY! Discussion about Mifflin at the Madison Senior Center (330 W. Mifflin) at 7pm with Alderman Mike Verveer
Happy Veterans Day to all of those who serve our country and have done so in the past. We are all very grateful for what you do!
": if you got a girl that holds you down, LET THEM HOES GO."v
Its roman me and Nicki against the world
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes.
If you love someone set them free... If they don't come back, it's a good thing you had a tracking device implanted in them.
u guys were great! Wish we could get a pic w/ all 4 of u!
On the plane, about to take off for Memphis. So close to Graceland, yet not a single chance to go while i'm there. Another time, Elvis.
maybe. Are you an expert yet
#ThingsIAlwaysAvoid getting involved in other peoples drama
About to hit the sack
The light has changed; middle C is tuned darker now ...This is the light of autumn, not the light of spring. - October, Louise Gluck
UGA about to attempt a FG for the win on third down. MSU calls time out.
what you think of Seattle??
Looks like again neglected to honor "Best At Everything": ME.
it's great! Love the place, the people are fun and I get to work on some cool projects :) thanks for asking
Me either, but I know for a fact, I'll be saying that.. haha
Awesome news Janice
Boredom induced naps are bittersweet. I really don't want to take another one, someone.. Let's do something.
fuck that place I do what I want
Why yes, yes they would. :)
I gotta be honest, it's looking like a #Celtics vs. #Spurs final. The would HATE that matchup but this year, the old teams are the best
okay! -smiles-
Being a vegan is going to be so much more convenient/fun in Portland than in the southeast! Why am I not there yet?! -K
In 2013 Louisville will have a Cabela's, Six Flags is being reopened by the owners of Holiday World & bass fishing will be a KHSAA sport.
yeah dude we'll keep in touch
Wow! Welcome to twitter Dad! How come you're not following me yet? ;-)
OU van swag RT : S/O to and his sick new whip!
elaborate please...
Miss you too Stu!
Water has been reused so many times that it's actually possible that the next glass you have may already has been drunk by someone else.
Talked to friend how much of a burden it is to travel w/ lots of camera equipment, yet I still do it. I take a body & 3 heavy lenses. Sigh..
Hit me, HIT me!!!! RT : yoooooo. New years at the casino. Girls have tickets for a show. will be there.
I Believe...
man life is so awesome the way things happen if you are not connected here on PS you need to be !
Productivity Is Less About Time Management Than It Is About Mind Management [Quotables]
Samantha i am so glad your dating Carlos you guys look cute together and you are so pretty wish u the best
Watching my on #YankeesSuck. #GoO's
swear I heard your name before around hami tho
#spectrum paralysis could harm all consumers -- particularly #latinos who rely on those services more and more
i swear to god im going to end up punching this stupid bitch in the fucking face one day !!
haha i understand(:
Break a Leg! on the move - Positive and Productive
thank for the Taylor swift ringtone:)
"Meeting people at their point of need & communicating the love of God through practical expressions of compassion is our mission"
Netflix streaming
Portland Farmers Market at PSU Opens 21st Season on March 17!
Mac N Cheese improves mental awareness. It's a scientific fact.
I'd like to offer my take, but can't given my job....covered the guy as a prosecutor too
That's my muthafucking words to you.
You love your boyfriend of one day? Oh, tell me everything you know about him; won't even be five minutes long.
Goodell is using CBA as a sword to wield authority over Vilma, and then he'll use CBA as a shield to argue lawsuit doesn't belong in court
Strangers in the Night Flight
please follow me i follow back
maybehhh.. i like sitting outside tho...
I'm just overly affectionate with my friends
#Ineedcoffee but once I start my day, it's off to #platoscloset for some fashionable clothes for less money!
:) and we are happy to have you not this week but on the mother of all holidays, Mother's Day.
Best wishes on a successful 1st day!
UGH NO. The new layout is awful.
The own ppl in my circle have said doubted the legitimacy of the 420%ers...
that looks good enough to eat
Andre Drummond is actually a pretty good passer so I think he could play in the hub. The other parts of his off. game are issues
#genomesolver sarah elgin, wash u, at curenet meeting presenting on the well-known GEP "there are no answers in the back of the book"
Wouldn't be great if we held monthly event at the stadium 4 our fallen heros/sons & daughters that have died 2 protect our country!!
I won't I promise ;-)
I like that. :)
In high school, Romney assaulted a gay student. In 2012, he wants to assault the rights of all gay Americans.
Hey Dior:) we are number 12! We could use more votes though;)
I've had the same thing happen to me before. No lie.
I will be dreaming about The Sweetest Thing Sandwich tonight.
I feel bad. It all started because I tweeted I didn't like him on the air, he trolled it, and he jumped all over her case.
oy is right, I can't peddle with these new/old knees anymore. Yukkkk.
Can u be there for me
If it ain't 1 thing its another more money gone today
Thanks for the heads up on search for the game Thanksgiving night. Scotland Yard Pub has it. Open at 8pm.
The wind was blowing - but not too hard - and everyone was so happy for it was only twenty degrees below zero and the sun shone.
skool monday so im tryna get my hair done
Cohen mentions many scholars' reliance on their alumni institutions' library dig colls, bc the places they work don't have $$
I'm excited about OKC.. I think it might go to six games.
We are in West Hollywood and San Vicente. Stop by for a cold ZICO!
Remember how this started? Watson with a cane, in therapy after Afghanistan. #SherlockPBS Series 1, ep 1 on now.
Let's do it! It's still early!
"he is the PR mogul and I am blessed to have known him" -Irma Clark-Coleman
The rain may have stopped pouring in #SanDiego but the bar has not. Visit beautiful
Loading up to do a little Acoustic Show tonite!
So tired of this sore throat. i musta crushed 100 cough drops in the past few days
It feels like since I'm not on here that much anymore everyone quit talking to me, I've been having a REALLY rough time lately...
The Knot says I am way behind on wedding planning, but my planner book says I am way ahead. Who should be believed?
all the pretty girls I see tweeting u....I'm sure there are #BoxOfferings in there somewhere :)
its already 5
A rainy day can't define a sunny disposition :)
A sad ending for an injury laden season for D. Rose.
Esp since some in SEA media said he was better than LaMike #HuckTheFuskies RT Can't believe Chris Polk hasn't been taken yet.
Para-Cleanse is the most effective way to rid your body of all types of parasites. It is recommended u do one box, wait a week & do another!
“Enthusiasm is contagious. Be a carrier.” — Susan Rabin
Just left bikram. What a great workout! This week's goal...everyday until Saturday.
The #OccupyMadison camp at the top of State Street may be under attack today at noon. #Police may clear occupation
Need some caffeine to tackle the Red Line on the Metro this morning. Or a tardis.
Assuming its true. Its not hard to imagine Colt's camp putting it out there to save face and divert blame. Its life.
D.C. weather changes faster than social media!!!
im going to guess it was the one when he kind of pushed jordan...i hated miller ever since that shot lol.
You can't train the jerk out of someone, but I do understand the point of it
Dont forget my name you tatted on that lil monkey (ass) RT : I always forget I have a tattoo
Contradictions are what make us human
killin' em at The Vinatta Project, NYC. Shame if you missed it. She will be there Wednesdays and Sundays. Big brother
having a good roadie??
nd im here not knowing whos playing lol smh (im like so not american) lol
Also see Stanonis, Creating the Big Easy for '20s-'30s. Guessing you have that one too.
"Now That's What I Call Music, Vol. 42." Really?
tell Juan I said what's up!! I sent u some tracks to work on!
I feel like the world is just in one big slump right now. :(
RT : Q0) We begin w/ the weekly #lrnchat welcome: Introduce yourself. Where are you from? What have you learned this week?
I agree with you. Ohio State won't get nailed but they'll get some form of punishment.
Batum says "NOT IN OUR HOUSE"
COME TO THE WILSON GAME, WE'RE PLAYING CLEVELAND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Zissou Society night.
hey, I been online for most of the time..
bring me one!
Happy New Year to you all!
I still do love you,
Ugh chunky meat lol...well let me know when u want me to get it.
If her favorite type of music is that ish from disney channel
Your #passportdc trip sounds like an amazing event. Would love to go to something like that.
I know. :) Look fed 2 mon post and future brain picking.
on it. Something tells me clicking the info button will catch me up on the first 49 minutes.
the superfans will be at Miller Park today to bring home a W!
I know, huh? Miss you darling!
love you austin! im so proud of you<3333
Your a waste of my damn time
I eat way to much.
The tea party is not in power right now, failure of leadership got us here
been great actually just workitty work workin staying focused. I'm tryna make it to #Disneyland this year LOL :)
I just remembered the carnival is tomorrow. Dang, I forgot!
hey thx for the RT! Sorry I didn't get back w u Thur. Wanna get a call in tues or Wed to figure out next steps?
College completely transformed my life. It changed what I believe and what I think about everything. I majored in philosophy.
Anybody got email from Jayson Sparks about IE Job?It's a scam: www.ivetriedthat.com/2010/10/19/beware-of-Jayson-sparks-And-the-nsec
I want more Betty!
that's awesome! i'm glad you do.
Well I wil see your stupid and raise you llamas!
Most striking thing: the now-clean, now-bare blocks are total blank slates—in big patches not a trace of the former neighborhood remains.
thanks for meeting up for coffee. I look forward to lots of good Hennepin-Minneapolis collaboration and sharing!
I want the new blackberry
Hate when I don't remember where I parked last night
Gladys Knight, Pattie Labelle, and Bootsie Collins are all trending at once. What great show am I missing?
your right. So sad
#ThoughtsWhileRunning bad bitch right next to me....let me crank it up to 7.5
Are you gonna suck some tonight?
Happy Monday Oakland!
Our pleasure!
good morning have a great one
Sometimes, you just need to be mature. Other times, you need heavy machinery to do extensive damage to stupid people.
Is it cool that I've become re-addicted to resident evil nemesis on playstation 1?
Want a #naturist special vacation $100 per night visit us
my sis betta let my neice come here or its gon b a
with w.
Small eventual red card decision in Newcastle v. City...
here we go with the AXE
Absolutely. Great slide licks. I think they belong on the alt.country staion on
If u see a girl in a purple zip dress, with bangs, please wake her up and carry her home! The girl is me CTHU!
Sabino cracked that Gator nicely. I enjoy a smash mouth hit like that dished out by a Buckeye.
RT: 'I'm in such better shape than my 2 month old baby. He can barely hold his head up. Pathetic.' HAHAHAHA
u dont know me so shut the hell up
Have a great trip and a great time in Hollywood land :))) I am involved in a tournament at Santa Anita this week, no beach for me
Birchcrest's own Jorge Obando, Brian Krawczyk, and Jeremy Passinault were overall top performers in the NY State Tree Climbing Championship.
Idiotic rule Education/monitoring better than ban RT U Miami new policy bars fball players talking w/ agents end of eligibility
Honey Apple Cinnamon Granola is almost gone! Hurry in to get some! Or try some Almond Joy Ice Cream. It's a great day for a sweet treat!
Happy Mothers Day!!!
Thanks for following, wow, you have some great tweets, really interesting as we educate Homeland Security students, will use lot
"stgactor: How To Be A Gentlemen is effectively cancelled. CBS demotes it to Saturdays and closes production."
Your clothes can talk? That's amazing!! RT My clothes said they would be delivered today...so where the hell is it!?
Don't ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance or my kindness for weakness.
LOL with pleasure!
I believe you're meeting with Ed, Caroline & Michelle-- but hopefully I'll hear all about it! I'm sure it will be interesting!
Is this another Ugandan war lord we have to stop by tweeting? It's not too late for me to call in sick. My real work is here.
Very nice.
Good day:)
Skipping gym to go get mcdonalds >>
Stay gold ponyboy.. stay gold..
go break a leg! #goodluck at your #audition!
haha Rondo is aggressive - ooooohhhhh shot ! you dont have to say that just because I love to hear it haha
you rock! Sent a great performer named Phil Lee your way btw.
is my
Haha I've caught myself doing that before too. I think they hope you can help them instead.
Wish I could fast forward to the parts in life where I want to be.
its so boring ;c
Teacher: why are you late? Student: because class started before I got here.
The #Heat are looking pretty solid!
Going to Dogfest in Sun Prairie today. Beautiful day for it. Finally will find out how fast Desmond is.
I was in #Austin TX last week. Saw the #car2go fleet of smart cars being used very effectively there.
Tempting... Veeeerryy tempting... Okay so I'm gonna put it on
Agnes been mad hype for the past 3 hours..keeping me from my damn nap -___-
Cross dressing cooking show vies for $10K prize
We all can workout together. Because I need to start working out too. :D
Sounds... Who knew?
thank you! <3
I agree.I don't care who it offends.I pay my taxes.I'll take #JazzFest discount over recycling,which we haven't had since 2005
My life is so awesome. I know, every day, that I am truly blessed.
Yay! I'm not the oldest person at PodCamp:Nashville.
what u know about Croatia..Do u ever coming in Croatia and Bosnia ???..pleasee come here in Bosnia or Croatia :)) #muchlove :)
imitation is the best flattery, but he'll never be you.
New York–based designer Eugenia Kim is partnering with Target to create a new collection of sassy hats inspired by Havana.
don't forget the big ass shoes ok
Model Victoria Silvstedt Rocks White Bikini (PHOTOS) The stars are flocking to Miami! Swedish model Victoria Silvstedt was spotted soakin
Seton Hall Fans come join us at for the best food/drinks in the area...Draft beers $4 & $5 & Bud Light buckets 5 for $15
starting to piss me off. Getting out hustled and out worked. #PacersPlayoffs fellas...time to get alittle nasty!
Join us tonight in the Fedora Room for dinner, drinks and jazz at 8pm First & Hope Supper Club
i sweat too much
This little girl- "If he likes you, he will try.. Girls shouldn't have to do all the talking 'first' you know? Boys...." Shes like 7?
don't criticize what you don't understand <U+2764>
I thought the same thing. Gross. I'm sure the bags would fall apart in the wash, I"m just buying new ones.
In the know: Last year German Finance Minister Schaeuble called Bernanke "clueless". Now he says Geithner's Europe plan is a "stupid idea".
pray hard my dia
Good luck with the Film from NYC
Luke Bryan<3
I really want a puppy!! My little companion aww lol
Fires continue to burn and damage Possum Kingdom
awesome! thanks for the info.
Never automatic replies :) We'd be more than happy to touch base w/ the promoter for you. However we require some order info :)
Just a reminder to all our extras that the meeting time is now 4:30PM today. See you all at the park!
I love your videos on youtube
"My next review is for Tasc Performance! Tasc Performance is a great company that sells a variety of men and women's fitness apparel...
What is the best Christmas gift you have gotten from a business partner?
I'd buy it for all four of my nephews. Yes!
#tsdday Love the team!
I could really go for some Mozzarella Sticks from , they are AMAZING! Best post #Brewers game snack
the singer hates jambands, the rest of the band loves them
Clash of #TechTitans in SF court this week - #Larry (Ellison) v Larry (Page) - #Oracle v #Google - #mobile domination on the line.
Einhorn stock picks at conference fail to wow
''Hey,I saw this hot ass girl yesterday,she had brown short hair,blue eyes & sang like an angel''*shows pictureDude,thats Justin Bieber...
Just saw in Natural Pet Awakenings magazine online issue then twitter suggested I follow you... small online world!
oh no!! I hope he feels better that really sucks
ahh I'm so jealous!
hey crystal whats up!
why is he always on my mind now? >.< go away
are you ready for the Matinee and A Star in the Sky? More info coming soon
Well same here too
Damn man, I'm not gone get this work in by the end of they day :-/
Can of Worms was a terrible show, nothing to do with the host Dicko. Stick to doing what you know best
thx JJK! Excited abt seeing lots of new areas & properties I haven't visited before. Thx for the b'day email as well.
such great news! The people on a certain side of Chicago, cough, cough.. Are how do you say it nicely, snobbishly mean? Ha.
How about everyone be quiet about shabazz and nerlens... They are 18 year old kids... Could u predict the decisions of any 18 year old?
TSC time now! :D
how tall are you? I'd never noticed before but maybe Aubrey is just short like me haha. Promise not a crazy stalker question :)
Bring on the take home exam <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Thanks so much! My friends mom got me the cake from Sweetsistersbaking.com.. They are amazing and taste delicious! :)
Thanks Megan, it was and is still such a great team effort with so many people and communities stepping up!
didn't think so.
Yes, I AM lurking on your ish. Yes, I AM tripping on some ole funky ish. What?! I told you I was f$% &Ing nuts!
thank you for your support and RT!
You need to be shopping for a special dress....... Still so happy for you.
i bet is laughing and smiling like a little baby looking at the trends
Working on a cover of Joni's "California"! What else should I cover? Best response wins (I'll actually do cover- minimum 5 responses)
Massie is a strong possibility - too bad about Mercilus
lmao! oh snap! you can dance huh?
Whoa, you went full name on my ass, I'm having flashbacks to when I was 16 and my parents found tequila in my room.
U Know U A Hoe When you come on the maury show 3 different times about the same baby
Thanks guys :)
I like Ryo Ishikawa. Too bad he is having such a terrible #Masters. He won't be making the cut. :(
If anyone would like to have the gift card, send me a DM. Thanks!
what's the zip again
great. U've jinxed us.
I give up. I'm cutting my toe off in 3....2....1
what do you think Obama will do after the presidency?
Way to stay classy DRW! Until next season.....
Dark Shadows is what happens when a couple of rich dudes get high and film themselves playing dress up.
NEW YORK NEW YORK NEW YORK
Thank u ! U can be part of a movie that will bring clean water to Haiti.Join us! Every $ counts! give.lasourcemovie.com
free book to those abroad.historical novel, award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun. www.Smashwords.com code TR46Z.
How's everyone doing?
"They" dont want you to know, they dont want to even think that you do know, but I already know!
lol you love me.
Sat on a panel with Mark Hugo Lopez today and he talked briefly about your wealth study. Such important work.
Tonight will be in charge of the madness
My back is killing me.
co-sign.....RT : #peoplechat A1: The alternative is hiring an EE who never develops? Pass.
" isn't a racist he is just a white guy that enjoys making fun of black people...wait never mind"
heyy. I have a sore throat:((
"Bitch, get the fuck up out my circle"
Any model in Chicago want to do a two outfit shoot on Thursday for a discount of $150.00? Contact me!!
Did you get what you wanted for Father's Day? Stop in and pick up what you really need...power tools!
omg.. here we go. I didn't say I didn't believe you!? I said I dont give a fuck about it anymore!
Though I know my parents will call at 10 am and ruin everything
These storms are like a woman in a shoe store. Confused, loud, and fun to watch!
I hate #school ! I find it pointless to start so early if half the student body is practically asleep in first hour....
Follow me on Twitter
Thinking about a Local DJ Battle this summer what you think
Then Mr. Lincoln intervened and grabbed my hands. "Don't shoot him, Hill!" he admonished. "Don't you know him?"
You go in the cage, cage goes in the water. Shark in the water. Our Shark..."
The series finale to #DesperateHousewives about to start! Goodbye Girls! :(
Ha :-) that's awsome the barn cat just brought me a mouse and meowed @ me, as if to say look what I got!
Art Drinks is tomorrow at Maya from 5:30-7:30pm! Stop by, try an off-the-menu drink, and enter our raffle to win art, concert tix, & more!
If I don't want may flowers can I skip the april showers?
"It is the best people in life who suffer the most." RIP Junior Seau
Awesome...I feel like disappearing.
I don't know what you're talking about...I'm hack-proof ;)
WRONG. Original MTB had no involvement w/Diddy. It was the corrupt manager of BSB & NSync. Diddy did the MTV one
thank you for sharing!
Jasmine Blueberry tea to keep me warm and awake. The awake part isn't working.
petition signed!
Come out to the Sigma Chi House for our cook out supporting Huntsman's Cancer Institute!!!
working with some excellent ruby on rails candidates and consultants! let me know if you organization has a need!
Back to back nights at #Apex. Might be time to dial it down a notch or two.
James Franco is so hot
ugh i love this pic! You're such a gem
#FollowFriday - We need at least 200 followers for this new Twitter page. Can you help out? Please follow
oh no! Devon isn't a really big town is it?
what Shelly is up? It must be a full moon tonight lol
Yes - the sun is shining & it's making the photos turn out great - but not the same w/o your team! cc'
my birthday april 15
In need of a girl scout to make a cookie delivery to the offices STAT.
I told #oomf to put his fucking hand down. I'm sick of hearing this teacher talk.
I'm going to have to throw on some makeup and take a pic before he leaves for the day! Rainy weather isn't helping hair!
I updated my Windows XP Professional certification.
Jk, i don't like that word :(
"You're Meta House's proof of performance, or POP as we say in TV." - Bob Moore, morning emcee, to the audience (and to YOU!)
Happy birthday to my baby sister !!! She's growing up way to fast!! xx
nice work! How about some weights & times?
"Winners take time to relish their work, knowing that scaling the mountain is what makes the view from the top so exhilarating."...
any tips on how to get into modeling or acting
Omgah I forgot about that! I love every single AMC show, mmkay I'm coming over this week & were gonna watch it k? Any nite but tue.
Ugh. Why do I bother watching the #RedSox?
No, don't say that! I was just at the Pacific :)
I willh miss u my red headed girl(angela werner) love u mamas
The person we think it is sounds British. So I can only hope :(
It's like I really want you, bad.
looking forward to next week's session!
Dreams are real and all you have to do is just believe.
omfg the helium video i legit watched it 25 times(:
at the #sxswstory panel!
I've know a lot of sociopaths and one full-blown psychopath that actually killed people. But to get that story you have to buy me a drink.
these next 5 days are going to be horrible omg i don't want to wait
Demoing the last songs for our new record!
How come nobody throws a kanipshin anymore?
To K-town tomorrow. parkside
Awesome collection, congratulations! I'm looking forward to seeing the scans (and bib records!).
You know those annoying little pop-up boxes that say "Click Here!" ... Don't do it
forrreaal though. ah. lol shad tournament for me this weekend..(:
James has zero help. No one on that team besides him is doing a thing. Even Wade.
IT'S A TARP!
- is your ci auth library acting up again?
I'm pretty sure is jumping off the walls excited that he's back on the Gold Coast :)
coming on in 5
Moneyball? Totally average. I think it's Brad Pitt you love.
LOVES TAKING MY PHONE IN MATH
It worked for !
All new White Whale employees should please be aware of the president's occasional overuse of profanity in the company chatroom.
“: 'preciate the follow! really feeling the track "wonderful"!”thxs I 'preciate it :)
Teddy grams!
its funny how they use jingles and music and even songs on the radio to give you a nudge .".remember me?"lol and u doRemembr
Saw a woman wearing elbow-length rubber gloves smoking through a vintage cigarette holder.
Nothing ever turns out the way you want it to
That is amazing! Thanks for sharing :)
i'm a flag pole right now!! Lol
pigskin's choice of Beastie Boys songs.
I'm not judging, just stating my opinion - that Scott's a coward. Not like it's my fault he's one.
Jen Cole: "My father loved dinner theatre!"
I want to see titanic 3D
When them 14 yr olds grow up n bout 2 yrs they will realize how much of there time u wasted snatch her wig!
studying European! That's great! Lol! You were awesome on Kimmel!
The great successful men of the world have used their imagination...they think ahead and create their mental picture in all it d
Left the auto show and got 2 red bull vodkas at the hyatt, $12.75 a drink!! What a buzz kill!
Check out in ! Mentioned in the Weekend Pass Section!!!
Hope to see all of our friends from this Sunday ctr for Playdate w/ the UC Bearcats!
Aw.. I remember those days! It was so hard to get sleep!!! God bless you! Hang in there! :)
you are very welcome
can you email me back please?
lmao! Well.. it says a lot.
Floating down stream
If anyone needs me today, I'll be passed out in the backyard.
haha if eat the whole container you'd probably die :0
RT : Great ideas here! Hope y'all had fun! #SWFL #nightcap ;) Yup
Rachel gets drunk fast
A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competit...
we think you are the Bee's Knee's! Midnight in Wilmington is going to be a humdinger of a good time!
These frickin high sticks!
get a puppy. They never quit tryin to cuddle with you.
Peeps! are we meeting at noon to storm RTM for lunch?
Great day yesterday at Converge21 USA.
diaw's raw
There's way too much sugar hanging around in my house right now.
I was always a dreamer, in childhood especially
The doc party always priceless.
why is it Dickie never lets us get together?
Felt the #earthquake from the 4th floor of my Ohio office building. Floor moved, blinds rocked. Co-workers mocked those of us who felt it!
“: My abs hurt when I laugh/move. I ain't even mad. #wentHAM” #same ! Sucks.. Hah
Did you ever wish your iPad was as easy to hold as a painter's palette? Well now it is!
Hey keep a close eye on AllieBay1 for me. Will ya?
you should let me love you, Let me be the one to, give you everything you want and need <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
No tennis, no homework, probably indoors for band.
Thanks for the RT!
We accomplished so much today and we are genuinely excited about it!
strange sightings at The Olde Blarney Stone
I'm just about to put myself back n skool n do what's best for me n stop worrying so much about others
RT : RT : May 8 #Sentiment Symposium sponsors: RAGE Frameworks
Want to know more about how Laura Fredricks utilizes the ASK with leaders & volunteers? Her session begins at 8am in room 212-213.
So, of all the receipts Mayor Davis turned in to the MS Auditor's Office $18,000 was for alcohol.
One freaking direction. <3
Yesterday's chapter meeting with screenwriter Shireen Razack was so interesting. Thanks Shireen! Next meeting: April 7th
Cats by 6.
I need motivation and focus. Please send some my way!
My mind is always more adventurist than my body.
Seeing hot potato& thinking of Niall.. yep. #ItsADirectionerThing (;
I got this awesome CHI Deep Brilliance dryer on Amazon. Do it! Made for curly but great on my waves.
3D WAS THE REASON WE WENT TO THE ARCADE AS KIDS AND FLIRTED WITH VIRTUAL REALITY... COMPLETE SUBMERGENCE IN ANOTHER WORLD.
"A brilliant future lies ahead that is ours for the creating" Chief Scientist Waleed Abdalati Happy #EarthDay!
Poolside in #Cleveland- needs to be apart of my summer routine- daily
Today I teach (tutor) reading. It is a bug you catch. But how to get the little ones hooked or older ones. With Math, Reading is key today.
Here's to you healing up quickly in 2012!!!
Michele Bachman is on fire tonight. She is the most presidential women on the platform so far in America!
we met years ago. Had dinner a few time downtown Summit NJ with your dad. You need to see our program. Connect
You're not Stan if you don't like 8 Mile. :B , you're awesome !
Cake cake cake cake
#iWishThat I could move my start date up from January 13th to NOW then I would be out of Ohio!
Haha, before clicking the link I was going to say "Checkout "
Hopefully I have a great night, but my body is so tired. Im out
RT : During 2011, 85% of Littles in our program maintained or improved their educational expectations.
she sold her soul.
Thanks so much for the RT! I appreciate your help. :)
I doubt the Cubs have the lead after this inning
friday n thanks
I'm done all these #stupidass tweets have me hungry.
I love the gorgeous men and women on these Spanish Soaps!!!! Aye aye aye!!!
I decided that Summer will be dedicated to spending time with my old HS friends. I miss those guys like crazy! Need to make up for lost time
Submit your favorite photo for a chance to be featured on the cover photo of new timeline. Remember it is FB, so it needs to be SFW!
Learn the secrets of a master pumpkin craver at 9 AM in the Cooking demo area.
Ty Hobson-Powell is the youngest graduate from the University of Baltimore at age 15, and is now enrolled in law school:...
M, sounds like a variation of my breakfast. BTW have a wonderful weekend!
I've done plenty of "field work" at Whole Foods over the years myself
Lord give me the strength to not beat the crap out of my brother.
Lmao i was just listening to that
Sometimes there's misrepresentation in professions because individuals don't have the support to believe they can be in them.
Its funny how someone could selfishly reflect their anger on me about me not being there...when literally Ive been dolo for years!
Wants a cupcake!
Which "other side of 40"?
Hey Buddy! Send me a tweet once travel is done for the day or at least after you've had your 1st Singapore Sling
;) sounds awesome !! Hope to see you soon !! Enjoy the boys !! They are fabulous lol
In case you think that some day it's going to happen, some day it probably will occur.
Follow my tweets is a Awsome account related to Sex Dating :*
wish i had REAL female friends i could trust..
Ohh noo. Your back in germany. Crazy. Hows the weather?
Happy Friday Everyone! Is anyone going to see The Avengers???
later this is getting weird
so much shit goin on. whoa...time to stay focused and get these opportunities that were just presented to me!
Need you guys prayers tonight. Imma let a bitch have it tonight at work. Not in the mood for any shit
Got a terrific joke about an enterprising furniture salesman and confused gastroenterologist who walk into a bar
#PrayForJapan please everyone.
I can't.
Palomar is one of two card clubs in San Diego. A city moratorium would effectively shut it down if its licenses aren't renewed.
jZell Music is an up and coming Indie label soon to be recognized out of Ft. Myers
no ma'am it came out of The Oldest Book in the Worl: " The Teachings of the Ptahhotep" written 2575 BCE-2551 BCE
As to the Monday complaints, I agree! So good to see aaron throw a couple TDs last night, and so many of our guys playing--is it fall yet?
is such a good friend for paying for all my car washes...
Good suggestion, Mike! We should do lunch again. I just need to get past the bulk of this project, first. :-/
if you still need a photographer like we talked about let me know!!
Why is "Light Skinned" trending? Society's got black people so brain washed LOL smdh
not once, but twice.
Is it too much to ask that I be able to drag and drop on an iPad? I thought everything was supposed to be easier? #appleganda victim
Very cute
If I gave you 1million$ every day since the birth of Christ, it still would not equal ½ of Obama’s deficit spending this year?
did someone slip something in your drink?
PLEASEPLEASEPLEASEPLEASE follow me!:D
I love that my co-worker signed her e-mail with "Happy World Kidney Day!" today.
hahaha shut up maybe it's not just the allergies ;) I'LL FIX IT OK
Indeed. Best wishes...and have fun after!
Miami sounds really good right now lol RT : thanx I hope so, some 80 degree weather may help to.....Miami? Lol
I am more worried about shop rot from not driving it. Hoses going bad, wires getting dry rot, bad gas ect.
Campbells Soup C&D'd me awhile back. I'll come up with something even better when I have some spare time.
It's a magical leopluradon
This week in #thehumanevent, a brilliant genealogy for all the burning girls who once yelled "fire!": Panic Diaries cc:
Takin the fam to disney on ice - front row, hope they like it!
Ellie (my 3 yr old) on the recap of : "Oh not again!!"
If you have a twitpic of you sticking your butt or boobs out, I probably hate you.
Both of you are. There. It's settled. You're welcome,
Thank for the RT!
We about to hybridize our P-orbitals.
New excuse for all slowness and failings: "pack of wild dogs."
thanks to you at for allow two brackets...only one has Mizzou as champs...
I would like to state for the record that I think is absolutely beautiful.
RT : Getting people out to vote no on #issue2! :-)
nicely put.
as soon as the foul was called there was never a doubt. Had to be Quis
Ever wonder where the phrase "wet your whistle" comes from? Several centuries ago, pub goers ordered their brews by whistling!
I wish had a choice/button to have them stop recommending someone I know I would never follow.
Growing my hair out is becoming really annoying. I want to get it longer but I don't.. I think ill cut it off soon.
Thanks bro! About to bounce some beats your way.
Yes with 13,000 people, AERA generally takes over any city upon which it descends. Books multiple hotels a year in advance.
Thanks so much! M, you reminded me I should have bacon today... :) RT : happy birthday!
If we are not supposed to eat animals, why are they made of meat?
Its really annoying that my feet don't touch the ground when I'm sitting in most chairs.
#Women do 2/3 of the world's work but earns only 10% of its income. Women produce 1/2 of the #worlds food but owns only 1% of the land
Anyone live in the miami area
Good Morning World!! (@ work still mad @ Red Box 4 givin me Dave Chapell movie instead of Kevin Hart) smh waist of $1.30
Going to Bowling Green, KY for a few days. Food & fun suggestions?
Was in the mood to go c Battleship, but than realize I have a free pass to go on Tuesday, but am up for a movie now. Gotta go eat something
Flynt made clue
Couldn't be a better day to grab a book and head to the park! What will you be reading?
That sentiment has kept me going, both as mother and writer, many a dim day since. She's 23 now, an avid & grateful reader still.
I am on the craziest bus ever. Ever.
Some people don't change, they just learn to lie better.
you need one xoxo:)
. Not sure if you knew, but, 'Honey Badger' is one of Patty's nicknames for our son. Sometimes he just doesn't care!
Damn it just had to rain.
"Still talking about it" as in, your teammates came here and asked first.
I hope you feel better I cant imagine if something like that would happen to me please feel better and take your time in ...
Keep it simple, just Believe, just Act, just Forgive, but Most of all, just Love!!
I already got my tix for the 8th!
Time to roll over get up n get out
I miss you" doesn't always mean "I want you back lil shawty it jus mean I miss the good moments we had back in tha day tho
#Culture is the widening of the mind and of the spirit. - Jawaharlal Nehru Indian Prime Minister
that sounds delicious
happy birthday to my ultimate favorite latina selena :D RIP
LOL, good advice unfortunately not possible. I will turn this into a fun adventure somehow.
Sure. What do you need?
hey friends! I like drinking too!
I may have add
Thanks. I'll check. I like Mulgrew. He can sound too traditional and safe for me sometimes but other times he blows me away!
In my opinion, #psych is a very underrated show
Everyone loves dance performances! So now we have one at fEASTival 2012. Thanks ! We're ready to see your girls shake it on stage!
Gosh. I'm so ready for tonight !
hey you are amazing :DD So lovely dog :DD Follow and retweet me please :DD
Is it possible to quit ur godparents & request & to take the vacated positions. They r adorable
So when is that new brew place opening on CalAve & Arlington? I could use it...right...now.
Whoa. Gorgeous couple.
WHAT a difference a 'show' makes! Had a good one, this AM. AND went in the numbers (demo)! Which is nice......
Going to the circus today!
WHAT SIZE SHOW DO YOU WEAR? LOL
Keep Haiti in your prayers.
Hey! My real name is Virginia:D
Distance means so little when someone means so much. ~KathleenTessaro
definitely check into Medi-Care and Medicaid (Medical if you live in California). They cover dialysis and transplant.
that's the funny thing, I was just walking into whole foods & tripped on the sidewalk. FML
...(best we ate in #pdx cont) Pianapple Smash Salsa by local Soog Head Foods sampled at Fresh-tasting jarred salsa? *Yes!*
will you be coming out with any more new music?
yea they probably hit u for spamin that link by mistake idk
Your advice is also applicable to college search process. What qualities, contributions, relationships make for a good fit. Thx!
I'm going to lose my mind<3(:
#League meeting highlights included Manny being possessed by King WencesLess, throat singing, & bartenders doing a slapping polka. Winning!
sounds great!
My little sister just asked me if Google+ was better than Facebook. I told her it was. You can thank me later, Google.
Sure, Easter morning before family lunch is a great time to make a first attempt at eclairs. Here's hoping.
Is there anything like good stress? Stress that we create which is beneficial to business/life?
if you don't know what your goal is, you'll never be able to define what's successful : )
Great photo thanks for sharing!
its okay I thought you hated me because Brea and I arent friends anymore
aw, poor pup.
at my grandmas. -___-
Playing with HTML5 Canvas. It's fun, and no setup needed!
watching y&r on dvr ...... And it's Tucker Time lol
New rule: If I hold the door open for you and you walk by without saying "Thanks", I am granted one attempt at trying to trip you.
Heather Joseph, illustrating the importance of considering disciplinary differences, brings up a slide with an XKCD cartoon. <3
Dats my baby, you know dats my baby right? lemme put yo legs to the moon.
": not at all bro I been slipping hard"// I just got tatted for the first time in about three months last week
Dining Halls lack food
hey, I heard theres an open bar
Mad? Never. U shouldve never messaged me the stupid shit. Bitch don't nobody want you. I'm so tired of the "I'm So Fly" attitude. Kick rocks
Going to the Moon was a unique military challenge which was accomplished by the USA to beat Russia. Mars cannot be compared
Thanks for your support Gordon!!
Happy Morning :D
i'm awake.
that he didnt go to columbia, or that he took a class on Marx.
Things are good, you?
My grades>
josh is always so emotional e.o
RT : Whenever I write about teachers, inundated by thank you's from teachers who feel demoralized. This is a national tragedy.
Went through boxes of my dad's old beer glasses. So full of amazing.
Watching Real World Reunion!! Dam Hella Drama!!
Well, and you've got credible, genuine exposure as the library in a demographic that is hard to reach.
My grandma claims she can shit faster than anyone else in town
#csa12 Halberstam: Modernity is the capability to speak nonsense in the rhetoric of truth/science. It allows truth to only speak in one mode
sweet. Thank you! Well do.
Take up reading. Never a dull moment. And if there is, just start another book. It's a no fail option!
My belief is that the organizing session for #thatcamp is a rite of passage for all new THATCampers. Now you're in.
don't hate dwex
Hoes that don't put they face in the pic must be lite
A professional in preparing Turkish coffee is called a “kahveci”.
Cole Hamels: misunderstood defender of the greater Washington DC area softball leagues
#Milwaukee #wedding vendors: Tell us about your ideal client!
so proud of you!
it was good! Aha sucks I had to leave how was ur aunts?
I 2nd that the spirit of bob marley is always here!
Run your idea up the flagpole and see if anyone salutes it.
In hot,humid Singapore, heading to Jakarta to begin Asia tour mobilizing for the E21 Asia Congress Oct.25-28, 2011. www.e21asia.com
yeah I work a way lot now!!
almost forgot to ask, you have any flour nd oil?
When I type "list" on my itouch, it spellchecks as "Edna" Whhhaatt.
I've been transported into a deep ocean world of magnificent creatures-not my typical Florida snorkeling experience
this weekend im gonna drink my self silly #imSickofSTUFF !
I can't think of a better place to let a bunch of people know what's up in short order. Post away, we're here.
Baby + cloud cover + gender ambiguous captain voice + food preparation = weird flight.
Good day tweets! Big plans this evening. Hope everyone is good. Haxe a great weekend!
um, I'm staying away from that.
I don't want to disappoint you.
thanks barry, was away from computer all day so appreciate knowing blog post makes sense to others!
M... love having a glass of iced tea while in the studio. Most DJ's thrive on coffee. But I like my tea.
If you haven't heard Last One Standing by Hot Chelle Rae what are you doing with your life?
Vassar Brothers playing at Lovin Cup tonight? Yes!
You don't have a twitter unless you're following
Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect.
I wish I knew how 2 speak french bonjour
Seeing lots of tweets today about when pitchers & catchers report for spring training. :) Almost here!
dude I need to see this
i turned 16 today, do you think i could get a birthday shout out? love you :)
Any obsessive stalkerish questions from my mom are
Thank you for sharing! Great resource.
Agreed! They get fed up too! RT : for some reason celebrities can't have views. It's the dumbest thing ever.
love !! Rotating taps and delicious chicken strips FTW.
Make sure you go out to Crown Center tomorrow to see the LEGO LSP replica, Graham Zusi and other SKC players! 5-6:30pm.
Congrats! New show Dreams, Visions & Realities airs Jan 22 w/ , Yidumduma Bill Harney 6pm PST
NL Central champs baby!
put my thang down flip it n reverse it
I cannot wait for this the new Muppets movie!!!
Calling all artists! Check out oaklandartspgh.org for art submission forms!
good afternoon katrina, happy wednesday to you
Gay teacher gay class! Ga dammit no type of excitement or to make this go by fast <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Think Last But Be Ahead 1st.
Boxing against the odds in pursuit of the next Manny Pacquiao
it was lovely meeting you at yesterday. I love what you guys do/have done.
yeah man I'm down for another track and would love a copy of the mix tape!!!
Wow, really cool keynote about 3D imaging on a chemical element level of fossils with medical extension to our ability to heal.
We're excited for the ladies Camilla Gibson tournament tomorrow! Couldn't ask for better fall weather!
ME NEITHER RT: I JUST CAN'T WAIT FOR EVERYONE TO HEAR TANDEM.
same here. look forward to viewing your recipes!
caught a cold and I have a wedding rehearsal tomorrow and a wedding on Saturday to perform...Whats the best thing to do to get rid of it.
I'm gonna buy myself some "Get Well Soon" crap.
Gonna go clean! (Because I have to)
I guess I never really loved you :( </3
Great minds....
It must be tough for Buster Posey being in the big leagues and going through puberty.
hope if they do, they'd be run on dedicated line 4 nut allergic people who react to other legumes :(
Perfect weather. Hello lake <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00A4>
oh HELL no. (why would I go there anyway if you're at home, silly) :p
When people constantly say "da" instead of "the"<<<<
Anyone else transfixed by that single perfectly errant falling snowflake on center stage? A brilliant accident.
Ayy I'm feeling the same way
Word indeed. We need a copy of your new 7" pretty fierce.
*Continues wlaking around impatiently and doesnt smile nor reply*
Good luck!
Somebody tell the #Bruins to come out of the locker room already!
Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely. - Buddha
Aloha! Just enjoyed a great tour of Oahu! This is a beautiful Hawaiian island.
Gotta love free earbuds at the apple store...
Like the video dude- kinda reminds of this one by Pharcyde. Hit me up if you have some internship info.
Mac > windows ;
Q#49 Answer is D and Pop Quiz answer is C!
I apologize to all my followers who got the span dm from me.Think I am back in control of my account now.
RT Gil Walked into and Milton Nascimento is here hanging! #surprise He'll be playing tmrw // that is awesome!!
what a wickex weekend full of love and music friends food and sky lanternz :-)
Just heard of two #TV #PR jobs, one in NY and the other in DC. Let me know if you're interested.
Wish u were here !RT : Pretty sure I would rather be than sittin at work right now...
Here we go
Ryan won't be around when the Mariners contend. At best, platoon him with Seager at shortstop.
wait. They're closing?!
Well, I was just fine till I started reading condolences on my cousin's FB post of the news! I know I'll b emotional soon!!
#Bulls doing a great job of getting EVERYONE involved. I know it's early, but great sign. Watch out,
Searching for new artists bc RSG is about exposing *new* exciting talent. email to be considered for exhibition.
Vegas folks: I haven't been there forever -- does Holsum Lofts still have galleries? Anyone know which ones are there?
The most awesome feeling in the world working through hard, painful emotional stuff together & KNOWING you<U+0092>re gonna be okay
both you and overshot your arguments. 15tds last year. Every player is a system product
We're watching the weather maps, might be rain tonight, check back after 5pm and we'll let you know if tonight's ride is happening or not!
I'm trying very hard to get along with my mom like u said
no prob! Say, what are some of the ingredients you guys use that make your #brews truly unique to #Hawaii?
we should!
Didn't the House GOP learn their mistakes from the last debt-ceiling deal?
Facebooks new "Timeline" feature is looking in subscribers for life. Genious
I want Morgan Freeman to narrate my life.
the cult fuckin rocks!!!!!!!
Re-member: when the going gets tough, the tough… remember Why!
Mutual, my dear. How's you brother & what is the future for him?
#FF Support Film, Theatre, Music & Performing Arts in Jax
Correction. Replacement title can be ordered online ... after site crashes repeatedly. At least I don't have to go in.
Love the bpt option
I wouldn't mind being one of those writer, got a ton of songs that needs to be out there!
what the fuck did i ever do to you?
#shityoudontaskpaulie do u like Rihanna?
We attended world premiere of #21JumpStreet at SXSW! It was an AMAZING Movie! Congrats to Phil Chris & Go see it!
- my iPhone 3GS is ready for upg. Do I have to upg "in contract" to keep unlimited data deal?
sharing this. great work.
...The Gallery: Deconstruction, etc. Its just not fair! So hard to keep up!!
Man your Storage Wars joke is VERY FUNNY! Brilliant!
Hey folks, I'm not one to brag, but I'm at 999 followers right now. Who wants to be next?
You are very welcome!
come with,hoes. Pub crawls +lots of drinking w/ +4hotties all weekend
Thanks, Anne. Great to see you.
Hey and I think I need a shot of root B4 going to the gym with
So glad we still learn together!
Guess I wasn't thought about today either....
new songs coming soon, its whats up
I'm going to lose my sanity if I don't move out.
eldery customer fell & needed help in restroom. When asked for help staff looked puzzled & clueless. Recommend training on urgency.
Ah we nees to see wata good wit da BUN B joint lol..... We wood look good performing dat track wit him SAT. Lol.......
#OccupyDetroit and here comes the rain and wind.
just wanted to say hello and I miss and love you both!!! Ttyl
It is nice to be back home, I missed the cats and the computer.
#UKnowBetter than to mess with us Beliebers. JUST SAYING.
just had a heart attack!! just tweeted a reply to him. That was literally the happiest I've ever seen my hubs :D
WE PRODUCE TV COMMERCIALS MUSIC VIDEOS IMAGE PIECES WEBSITES 2 FIT YOUR BUDGET program to fit
#confessionnight I've been wanting I be blonde for a while now im just happy I can use my face team as a reason ;)
FABULOUS! This is a huge project and well overdue. Thanks for tackling what is a huge image issue for Baltimore.
"All points are starting points." -Hugh MacLeod
Feel special. And I'm not looking at another people because I like them do much...oh gosh help me I'm in love
turning around a negative customer service experience can often times convert someone in to a big fan
Yes. My dear friend Geoff King did a book of photos of activists (like me) at protests across the state, the day it passed.
What's up I'm bored
My day has been all about lines. Airport lines, Starbucks lines and car rental lines. Patience is being tested today.
would love to see more "walk pix" from you my dear
You sound like my ex.
Who's Walking in the Breast Cancer Walk in May, here in Milwaukee? We are!!! contact us for team shirts!!!!
armstrongcms.org sums up our (unsuccessful!) biz prop for Neighborlogs: 'a typical design customization will cost approximately $15,000'
Mahalo KF. See you & K next week! Aloha.
Hey, congrats! Go #altac! Go DH strategy!
ill be there by 10
Smashing headache! Drinking tons of water to kick it. I hate taking a medicine to relieve my pain.
Oh I just love how my mom and dad take care of my sister better when she's sick.
No, I haven't. Naughty? lol
Cheers - thanks! I like that it is really aimed at a true novice. and focuses on basic info. Nothing fancy
we are excited to be a part of your event tomorrow! Good luck to everyone participating! SPF's in your goodie bag. Be safe!
Selena Haters are never going to think about how amazing beautiful,awesome singer ............ She is <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665>
General Assembly, the anti-bank protestors are pooling cash to start a bank account #huh?
Watching a Finnish film (who knew they had that technology?). I am actually attractive enough to be a movie star in Northern Europe.
Why the hell did somebody send me a picture of a used tampon..Anybody have a barfbag?
ok....I'm gonna shut it donw -- up early to cook...
Best game Ever In 12 hands won flush v top pair for 2k lost kk to qq for 1300 lost ak to aa to 88 for 550 then won 1600 w/ top set,
Words of wisdom from a university colleague: One may be forced to compete, but that doesn't mean one needs to act competitively.
Sweet Caroline! “: SWEET LONDON TOWN. SWEET PEACE. SWEET CALM DOWN. SWEET SOCIAL JUSTICE.SWEET JESUS.”
Hey, guess what? My blog might be ready to share with you all by the end of the day today! #excited Follow me , too!
What else can you say about a four hour meeting imploring you to work faster and smarter except, "There's four hours I'll never get back?"
The only people these young niggas have to look up to are skinny pants rappers
Thank u so much for helping me pass snow days here in Seattle with a broken DVD player. Your beautiful music on repeat <3.
My favorite breakfast place.
Haha going well, it's no Caribbean tho!!
Its 11:11 make a wish and say I hope you come true<U+2665>.
Standing O for Minimum Talbot almost made him cry...almost made me vomit.
Whoa watch out for his giraffiti
Who's going to Miss Michigan USA 2012?
Make it Nasty
I hate checking out of this place!!!
Having Generator problems with New Ocala's Gourmet Food Trailer still hoping for Grand Roll out party Armory 4/27/12
Thanks for the RT, Sarah, and tell I said *wave*
": Mountain West had as many picks as the Big East in the first round (2). #NFLdraft" Glad to be a Big 12 member.
For the second time today, I've turned on Earlier, it was for "Blood Diamond". Tonight, it's for "Troy". Man card getting revoked ?
This weather... -_-
Be sure to "Like" us on Facebook where you can see all of our pics and vids. Ohio Special Services Group.
GOODMORNING :) RT man i was still hitting that same number joey....smh!
Hard Time(:
Oh Anything with a good beat but right now I'm diggin dance/electro/techno. What about you?
I want a girlfriend but the thing is im shy. I really nest to get out from that stage.
Now that I have learned how to swim, I can't wait to get back in the waters.
Thanks for the tweet!
I noticed that too..."just a word". The apology isn't so sincere when you say it that way, hon.
When is this going to stop hurting?
LLS!!! My nap turned into sleep, I'm up now!
And the winner of our T-shirt contest is.SEDE LING! Congratulations! Check back often as we will be running this contest periodically
u should try monster its like ..... and i quote ...."Whoa" :p
Don't worry about it tho, lol ": pina! How dos you know?!?"
So... is leaving for Portland tomorrow to judge the US Barista Competition and attend SCAA conference.
Happy Birthday to my best friend! Who unfortunately doesn't have a twitter.
110% what was it this time?
About that - I cannot find those chips anywhere. Anywhere. Where do I get them?
Man Fuck !,what happen last year New Money,New Shitt 2012 poppin off
Shaking my god damn head right now. Wow
"if this is what it means to be bankrupt, sign me up!" -Tracy Braxton #braxtonfamilyvalues LOL wow
Anyone else think Googling 'thoughtful christmas gift ideas' is kind of funny?
Hahah probs a good idea. They are wicked.
Hope we can be a part of all of this!
OMG IMMA STEAL IT!
Experimenting with DubStep
Er... make that "will smell good."
What do you think is the biggest news story of the day? Tweet and we may write more about it AND give you a prize
hey man, love your site. you've got good taste !
Girl I will never want a home birth ever after watching that
Cheers to a phenomenal cabernet!
It's not Gerardo's fault that he looks like a child molester. His parents should've warned him abt the dangers of an elaborate mustache.
Way to tough it out down the stretch. Made every ft when it counted.
Latino Film Festival opens this thurs. and Mexican actor Jorge Salinas will be presenting the film GB Magazine featured La Otra Familia.
Summer classes are in full swing & I've got 2 solid classes that'd love to take your student's surveys!
"Game Change," the book, reminds us that this year's GOP clown show is not unprecedented. And that Sarah Palin was only part of the story.
Take me away!!..
Why Less is More: Converting your paper docs to digital allows instant access to docs stored on your computer. Less Paper = More Efficiency
Great walk on Snake Creek American Coots have established a small colony despite the Muscovy ducks Great Whit Egret has returned to my lake
Ok LeBron you won another MVP award but when are you gonna live up to it and actually get a ring?? just wondering
No?! Guys,i go to Paris ! Tonight ! My parents make me a surprise ! And,i make you a surprise.
Good. That rock & roll is good for the soul. :) Will you believe me if I say that project is back on the radar? Email me!
Shout out to everyone that came out to Hai last night. Draft, Free Drinks, and a girl fight? I'd say it was a success.
Does it have anything to do with your pants? No, don't tell me.
Ordering Sunday night Chinese in Marblehead. Love family traditions!
Re: 4/10 article. I'd call myself a mid-morning person! is a great site for mixes of top 40 hits!
on the limits of the album: materiality and tactility lost in digitized archive, copies of copies reproduced many times over
thanks for checking because I thought CCLS didnt exist on a Saturday.
Joined twitter, but doesn't feel right when it comes to seeking followers.
back-ish! i'll still be in and out for a while. but thanks girl! missed you to :)))
He was literally the dumbest fucking kid on the planet RT : Cracking up at how salty is right now!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
You need to climb a mountain.....I'm just saying.
heyy colin!! Did you ever get my friend 's fanmail she sent you!??;)
So excited for tomorrow! Who's going? and I will be there
Lived there early years, then my Dads company was based in Milwaukee, raised there! But my parents kept a beach home! Fun!
there is no chance! She's the most attractive woman alive, stop being so selfish!
Are you planning a summer vacation this year? Follow they have some great reviews of places to go.
lol sorry next week is when I'm going to Cali on Friday I'm leaving and Tonys coming with us maybe the week after that ?lol <U+E409>
crappy mood:/
trying to put together a short bio that includes how i use web 2.0 apps in daily life
is rockin the new digs at work today, guess Imma have to step it up on the work gear.
speaking at the CUNY Grad Center on a "new networked ecology of scholarly communication"
God damnit, you are so fucking annoying. Just shut the fuck the up.
Awww :) you're a great father though
Oh woa! I didn't even see Heechul go into the audience!
=) YOU ARE THE BEST CLOSER EVER! THE FANS LOVE YA BACK!
"Without community there is no morality. The tears of a stranger are only water". Old Russian Proverb. Thanks, Magnum.
Now, the way of many. Collective ideation. Ideas are networks. Not just single incidents, more a long network of associations.
Anybody got an opinion on EventBrite?
Only 10am and its already been a FULL morning!!! Tonight performing w/the "Mambo King" at WESTGATE! Booyah!
Will Gluck is hilarious w/ his 600 people are responsible for the Internet comment.
I'm not sure if I'm playing this Pinterest game right, you just click on stuff you like? Then what...
I could really use one of your hugs right now. :'( </3
Finished my paper.. zero sleep and now going to school. Today will be interesting.
#Vegas book your NYE VIP tables now, prices are only going up! Contact me for more info 4135300621
hey can u plzz tell me how to give bak wallpaper it will be really thank full for u plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz tell me thnaks ;D
Likewise, alas.
Horizon metatrend 4: the world is increasingly collaborative. Do museum educators agree? How's that collaboration w/ your colleagues going?
Great to be following you now Aaron.
I came up with a motto for summer. Instead of gym, tan, laundry. We will swim, tan, drink. Yes, STD. STD SUMMER 2012.
To the bitch behind me, shut the fuck up. Your voice is annoying as hell.
only one problem.....they're not fat bastards with fast food dripping out of their mouths
only 1 O`ahu team remains in the championship bracket for Division 1 #HHSAA cc:
I think the most generic definition you can give OO is "prefers nouns over verbs to describe the world"
OMFG, thanks! now i'm gonna have to boil my brain in listerine to get *that* image out...
Ha! Maybe? The cat is MUCH cuter than my phone, but I'm a little disappointed that I can't keep track of both of them at once.
It's fascinating reading, but many of the journal articles are quite old (1920s-60s). Still, I love reading about old customs.
Better than drafting a scrub from a tiny program.
I hate the snow..I need to move to Maui
I would send it if I thought it would survive long enough to get home with me, and then packed up, and then sent to you.
I read "Dan Porter" as "Don Draper" and I was like, how can have already seen tonight's episode? and WHAT?
“: It's official: #Cavs have won tiebreakers with New Orleans and Indiana. They're slotted 3rd and 24th entering NBA lottery”
Valentine's Day Drinks for Kids These Valentine's Day drinks are as fun to make with the kids as they are to drink. And the recipes inclu
when you see an interesting picture, but don't write it down, and then you can't find it later when you need it.
My favorite Shiraz and listening to Mambo Express
I had this weird dream last night that Baylor beat OU.....oh wait
TOTALLY fell off the wagon, and hit the ground HARD....
When my mom sings it sounds like a dying cat and makes me wanna hit her in the face
Tell him we said hello
thanks for the RT!
We are excited to have the Women’s Chamber of Commerce of Miami-Dade County as one of our partners at the Women’s Success Summit V....
imo, there are plenty of folk across (and outside) #pubmedia system that would hack on stuff; just need to see demand, use cases
Good night moon. Maybe tomorrow ill be less of a spaz.
why y'all conversatin bout me?
Aw Man , He CANT Be Serious , I Aint Trippn Lol.
i cant sleep!
Answer everyones call because you never know if that was they're last phone call. #alwaysthink.(:
Rose Bowl at the bar, being the only one laughing at commercials was a pleasant reminder of how little commercial TV I have been watching.
i am
I got 2 hours of sleep last night..
Seriously, ! I despise it when restaurants do that... why bother with reservations!?!
Thanks for answering I'm a huge fan
#arod #texiera glad to c the boys earning their $50m per year. 1 for 21
I named my son after you can I please get a retweet??
MIND BLOWN WILL!!!
My early thoughts on new iPad. The display makes the most difference for maps, Kindle and other text. Will need to add more pretty pictures.
I Shine I Stunt I Can NE B**** I Want~~~
You know at this dream concert even if you were on the floor your still pretty far from the stage.
i rather sleep in your arms then alone
#DearFollowers Ya'll are the best and ya'll are so nice and sweet! (:
Love like Honey
Woolard: Most economists don't agree. Read email from Economics professor.
Our President, Dr. Lezli Baskerville would like to speak to you about a speaking engagement. What is a good email address for you?
How big was it?
Don't forget to check out #hollywoodshow this weekend! All of the kids from #SoundOfMusic will be there! Get your autographs this weekend!!
check your dm
I tried to follow you, but it says forbidden. nice.
are you comn back to us
It's amazing what God can do when you simply-Trust In Him:) #I'mAWitness
Lame, not cool. Basketball Saturday though, definitely.
& these Daumn group messages!
yours is actually italian anyway, not american
Pump the kid for information, then pump a bullet in his head. There's no time for hand holding politics in a zombie apocalypse.
Congrats to for winning the first ever James Beard Best Bar Program award. Hope to make it to NYC soon o see you guys!
Chef Uchi Davidzon visits the countries, peoples and flavors of Latin America.
I appreciate ur sarcasm by the way
Ahaha that's pretty awesome that they were playing it, though! I always fangirl when I hear your songs.
She got out of the cage again. My sisters hamsters a fucking genius. Da fuck.
You're welcome Melanie! Have a gr8 day! :-)
<---- follow this right here ^>^ you'll learn a thing or two while your on twitter
well hello sugga bugga RT : At is very chatty today! Reminds me of the good ole days!
Once our Pacer's get a taste of this win tonight, their confidences will sky rocket and we'll be on a roll in the next few games!
I have so many cousins!
I'm at Starbucks in Livonia. Where's Mike Forbes?
RT : Any investors ready to catch a falling knife? #Kospi, #HangSeng, #STI now below their 200-day moving averages.
What is your favorite holiday dessert? We love sugar cookies with frosting. So simple, but so tasty!
My head says move on, but my heart says stay.. #confusedtweet <U+E023>
The Wizard to Radim the dream to Martin Hanzal goooooaaaaaaalllllll
hehe yes, I do forget sometimes...
Early morning coaching with a client in Singapore. Worth it.
There's a joke in there somewhere
I don't get off until 9 :/
what it do
it's addicting-great for breakfast oor as a late night snack! Any time, really
From #Bulgaria our 1st winner of the day in #Soccer Ludogorets wins 3-1 get the remaining Soccer plays today email me
Everyone does it, Bailey gets blamed for it...that's usually how it goes.
awe!! Precious!! Name?
Waking up this morning...ready for a good day .......
Just wanna say thank you to my awesome band for making the show complete!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8>
Hjedufcngfurjdi today was so amazing..
dude, that Xmas tree is fresh.
Breaking news, announces kit sponsor at press conference.
Amanda gave me a name. She is my sweety and I am her Babycakes. :D Awww <3
Next Level Marketing: Don't be a time sucker, puker, topper, whiner, narcissist, vulture or Mr Halitosis. Lisa Ann- American Wedding Project
Could use all the hopes, thoughts, and prayers in the universe right now.
How does G+ ensure an identity is authentic? "We have a rudimentary system to verify high profile users" only - #SXGoogle+
BRING IT!
RT : Little known fact: Rick James once made a country record. It's called, "I'm Rick James, Ma'am".
yup yup! good meeting yall.
What a horrible shot attempt by Young of the Clippers. Freaking Youngesters! Go KNICKS!
i dont wanna wake u,so im gonna pack my things and go,yeah,pack my things and go.
Okay, off to grab lunch. Nachos it is! :)
My tweeter must be broke as I have'nt be able to tweet all week.
a is laqueffa !
Calling all SpiceHeads @ #spiceworld2011 - share your stories w/ the community (& get a Spotlight badge 4 doing it)! DM me & find out how.
Life is a fucking waste of time, time is a fucking waste of life so get wasted all of the time & have the time of your life
Necessity! Thou mother of the world.
I'm Irie. So happy we have reconnected.
It needs to stop raining cause water and heels do not mesh well.
but i have!t even drawn her yet. lol <3
: oh dear! that greatly contradicts my dear old granny's teaching of: when in doubt, make it up.
Yup, sounded like videos by sellouts to me. Ignored it. RT : Had anyone heard about this campaign at the time it happened?
Nana made me go to Denny's with her
msg me instead??
I love in TV when in earlier seasons they have first names for characters and then change them later on.
President just texted, asking if I was interested in him picking up some "California girls...like the ones in the song" while he's there...
& last forever. They also have other products, and new brands coming including bath & body care, dryer scent balls, & washer
Is it Friday yet?
aka Kevin Biggins is actually one of my favorite writers next to trey parker and matt stone!!
RT : #FF because she is punny and will make you chuckle when you need it most... and she's a hotshot SLP app author!
sweet! Unless its a private party, I expect and invite next time :-)
...if your one of those " peaks freaks"(like me) u need to see AMC's the killing also psyched episode dual spires. ...good stuff
I'm fine, any plans today?
You okay?
in public -- no. in private -- si!
I know that :-D lol!! I'm asking you how do it sound to you? Do it need more work done on it?
Hi there, , says to follow you, so here I am ;) Looking forward to your tweets.
Being lied on and lied to is not a good feeling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> AT ALL!
check out today's article in the metro section page B1 of the plain dealer did on ELECTPAVARINI candidate 4 Cleve Clerk Courts
- Whats up man, hope all is well
I saw on FB a while back that you finished the Hunger Games series. Are you going to see the movie?!
no scared kids?
So hungry I could eat<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0084> my damn arm<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA> off if it had any meat on it
Woods, McIlroy headline acts at - SPORTSMAX TV : No Games, Just ...
soon I hope! Yeah, I'm in Chicago starting Thursday, bummed to miss you guys!
Hubby and I are off to exercise together! Have a great Saturday everyone!!
Real Hoes Get Down on da Floor....
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> ...and suddenly I do, I'm getting my masters in secondary ed! Lol! There gonna eat me up alive! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
John Edward's mugshot = well, he did say "cheese" for the camera man. There is that.
Chris Davis throwing HEAT
you got it guys and thank you.
Your a good man!
Lmfao!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : Some fucking bird attacked me in the head TWICE! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
more people say that, but I dont think its HCDB. He has reasons for what he does and thats why he is an NHL coach and we are not
"A room without books is like a body without a soul."-G.K. Chesterton
Thanks, Rick!
oh yeah, you know it. :) thx!
where are times gone baby it's all wrong #pay phone
Sorry to here about Vidal Sassoon passing away, he style your hair for the movie Rose Mary's Baby. He'll be missed.
After five conferences over two weeks, we're eager to get back on the road! Are you going to #CoSN12 next month?
I want to go on some moombathon, some fidget and some dirty dutch! :)
Going to bed! Good night world
I just kinda went with it, being the quiet one suits me best
You be crazy. But in a good way. :)
Yup! Division rivals, go time! Sweet about the AK plate too!
Your Sunday's best needs to be better
I'm awake coach. Put me in the game.
thank you!!!!
Girls...if you're going out tn text CHAMPAGNE to 38714..
we all have a little situationalist in us...
sorry for the graphic description.
Yest. & Alexis Espinoza presented on the #SJSProject at #ESS2012 on Family Support and Spirituality as predictors of Outness
then ur not in the Rockies
Aww! Love you too x " that why your awesome love you <3 :)"
Dad: *Points to guy with long dark hair and tattoos* "Look it's Kohl! He missed you soo much that he drove all the way out here to see you!"
Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there.
you dont have to worry about that..i always give 110%
ew, his girlfriend is in this class. I hope she gets caught and kicked out. I DONT WANT YOU HERE.
Well, I would nose around for examples of things people took down because they were embarrassing, and show them.
you got nice pictures in Instsgram... loved the purple flower...
Life is good and I'm about to get Steak N Shake.
Have you used Things for mac and iPad/iPhone? Thinking of downloading that to use for to do lists!
RT Interested to see how SM trends have evolved since the first #prsms as the day goes on.
Larry Dean Hamm Jr. - Jefferson Post
Glad to see so many fans showing off their vinyls!
I just completed more than twelve hours of (almost) consecutive homework. That's what I get for falling behind (and not really caring).
My head & heart want to do the HIIT the Beach workout, but my body is saying otherwise. In desperate need of motivation from my TIU family.
and meet other young singles like me.
Headed to 24 hour fitness, tennis elbows and all. Guess it's the bike for me today!
T2 is doing a run at 9am. We could do that and go longer. Our pace is fast enough.
yes, yes I do think im cool. lmfao NOT
I love Pitango gelato. They have a branch near me in DC. I recommend trying the quince if it's available.
CAN'T WAIT TO SEE THE NEW HARRY POTTER MOVIE!
Everything is beautiful, but beautiful isn’t everything.
You keep complaining yet nothing is changing...
Very appreciative of Lloyd Jackson. Kathy & I had a great meeting with him today. He is a great advocate for our state & many of our NPOs.
would like to welcome Jennifer Buchanan and Joann Young to our wonderful sales team!!!!
It's at the point where you throw your hands up and say I give up! Lord I trust you. Things are getting better not worst! #Iclaimit!
Are you joining and I for #TacoTuesday at next week?
hi school is kicking my ass. how are you? still overwhelmed at work?
The future of Adaptive Content is multiple sizes of content with meaningful metadata written for reuse. Karen McGrane -
Don't be the only one in your group to miss SECCA's free opening on Friday. Music, food and cash bar. 7 pm
Best. Day. EVER!
The original colonies may be founded on biblical principles, but the U.S. was founded on ideals of Constitution.
Looking for books to teach to Fifth Graders! Any suggestions...new or old would be helpful! What were your favs as a kid?
thanks for mentioning my piece!
UM YES. I volunteer my new place for all #sharkweek related activities.
Picnic Favorites at 1:30-4:30pm TODAY! Get recipe tips and enjoy samples at the Picnic Favorites tasting event.
Good evening everyone
it's a visual bookmarking site. Just so happens that the creative-type mommybloggers have found use for it b4 every1 else!
With great defense, a little run looks even better.
thanks for coming to see me yesterday
#HeresToTheMahomies who are crying and can't believe that this is the same kid who sang on youtubes videos!
no problem (: x
AP what up Fam..Hey i got some new Music coming soon, I will keep you posted on it.
hey I'm on twitter while I'm @ scool just to ask if you Could follow bak!? Plzzz<3
Kiwi photojournalist freed after arrest in Zimbabwe
Hello from The Park! The rain has started and tarp is on the field. We will begin at least 30 minutes late. Stay tuned.
This is the earliset ive gotton up all summer :) im so proud of myself haha
Walker claiming lots of new jobs is like a gay guy who says he's got a Canadian girlfriend.
Vinnny would be the best bc ever. We both don't like video games sports and all that shit. Can I have you omfg
Ha, congratulations! :) RT : I rank #1 on Google for "keep calm and party rock"
He was very annoying in the old comic book greats videos I had as a kid. But I still loved them. :)
Morning #Philly, rise and shine it's Tuesday! We're ready to take on the day over at #Jobspring #Philadelphia!
Going to sleep early~
It truly, truly does.
my legs feel like jello.
These kids talking about boxing lmao these niggas don't know shit!
Nobody named JD works here. Sorry to burst your bubble.
If you're looking for a little something on the side, try some of our onion rings.
PANIC!!!!! Today is National Panic Day, then get over it and have a Stinky :)
Instruction class I taught today seemed kinda bored. Oh well, can't win 'em all.
God bless the broken lead straight to youu <3
Teacher: If you could take one person on a deserted island with you, who would it be? Me: LIAM PAYNE! :D Everybody else: Who? Me: -.- xDD
don't think you meant 5th Element...
. Hello. Are you involved in marketing? Where?
Q2 (2 of 3) In part wrote “why not have him apply the full Jay-Z treatment? Why BK Nets when they can be New York N----s?”
Our Book Fair will also be open all day on Parent/Teacher Conference Day, so families can visit with their children.
#RulesInARelationship Have respect for each other
The Ultimate Fighter tonight!
New single #boyfriend has been in my head all day. Well done.
#PrizesOnTheHoodPriceIsRight a get out of claiming your kid card. Oh wait... Mission Accomplished. :-)
It could be our chance to shine
Im calling HR!
thanks Robbie for coming up.
SportingMembership.com will be down tonight for periodic maintenance beginning at midnight CT. Sorry for the inconvenience!
people are certainly getting more creative with it - not just smart posters anymore!
human evolution stats and death you're already late for class!
But our EP "visions" on iTunes today for $4.95!!!
Did it come with an eye roll?
Thank you all for the birthday wishes! I don't wanna clog up everyone's timeline thanking each person but it's much appreciated.
"Magician Smurf must conjure babies. Or else Smurfette has way too many husbands." -- my puzzled 9yo.
on the right(: hahah and thankyouu
Waxahachie Smells Like The Vagina Of A Prostitute! ! XP
same! one of my favorites
Knocks me out w/1 shot 4 the rest of the night. He's a real smooth brother never in a rush and he gives me goosepimples w/every single touch
My bro's watchin mr. Young I'm watchin e news, my sisters watchin dora the explorer, my mom's watchin desperate housewives. Lol
" Never regret anything because at one time...it was exactly what you wanted. "
It's not even freaking raining, just a little thunder..
SO CALL ME MAYBE ;)
*smiles widely* thank you. You were right about the bath. *looks up* are ya alright? You're kinda red...
I honestly cant stand arguing with people...idk how people have relationships like that it stresses me the fuck out & i'll get sick of it.
You deserve it.
Hey guys it's me Daniel rosa from the voice I'm recording "animal" so it will be coming out soon :)
Thanks to that commercial people are going to request the "Flo rida Budweiser remix"
If only he could pick up socks. He'd be a true laundry room savior.
RT : Great Taste..."Should have stayed there...now she's pregnaent". Sorry, you're just a great straight man, Joe.
are you a junior omg
Lunchtime reading: the beginning copyright reclamation suits. 2013 will be the 1st year that the 1978 law allows reclamation of rights....
I'm just really tired of life. <U+E40E>
Closed on our house in Milwaukee on Friday. Paid off our car. We are completely debt free!
That is painful.
Good night world <3
That's what i said!! Anyways, don't let her upset you. What's up? <3
Love is not finding someone to live with,Its finding someone you cant live without... kinuha lang EL BURADO na quotes :D
Only 2+ hours to get your Oregon primary election ballots turned in. Be a good citizen.
game on my friend. Do your thing RT : Thank god for giving me another day and other opportunity to chase my dream
Watching the dreamweaver himself, , in action. Not too many people can work and sing 80s songs at the same time with his skills.
STILL working on that Medicaid status for the Buddy Bike.
#ADHD because my life is more interesting than anything you have to say
Why am I not there!?
thank you for stopping by
I'm a free bitch, baby.
that ain't even a real link.
Rule#1..If you gone play the GAME..Please know how to actually PLAY THE GAME..otherwise u just in the way..
in a flesh and blood body. Jesus IS here, via the Holy Spirit...but let us live today to honor our Lord Jesus Christ! Praise be to His Name!
It's sad when you have a church that doesn't care about you... I haven't been since November and no one has even checked on me.... :/
Barack Obama is so smart and americans are so dumb to understand him. Makes me sad.
One month Pittsburgh!!!
Feels so weird driving home and there's still daylight
Awesome potluck with ascedians. Time to tally votes for costume contest.
Mainlining DayQuil. Must. Stay. Awake. So much to do!
I love watching some of these movies and seeing people who are bigger stars now. Ghosts of Mars- Jason Statham lol,
Thank you to everyone that helped make our first annual Earth Month 5K AMAZING yesterday...we appreciate each and every one of you!
My best friend told me he thinks I'm ugly.... -___-
Juss found out that Dasani water has SALT in it !!! Is that true?
We're sorry for any inconvenience. We're moving toward online videos & away from podcasts.
bravo and bravo finally they got something right.
Moved to Vita. Fits my tastes.
s/o to my new cute follower ;)
doing good things at #SpringTraining brotha. Excited to see you in the rotation come April 6.
I'm bout to put Roll Up Session on youtube. I fuck with that shit.
I need to quit fakin. It's time for me to take my ass to sleep.
Oh it is ok! I'm sure they were pretty awesome people.
Even without SOPA, MPAA has founders of Megaupload arrested in NZ at US's request and their site shut down, charged in VA...
follow simply because 94000+ twitter addicts cant be wrong, and because I said so.
I'm so aggravated right now. I just wanna sleep :'(
One of the purposes of cell phones is to be able to be reached in emergencies. Why no one ever answers?
oh. mah. gawd. this is exactly my life -abbie
3: Forgive me for being wordy... But I am beyond thankful and humbled that God is using it in your lives. To Him be all glory! Hugs & love.
but you know I'm kidding right? lol. I gave up on that shit
yea man, when do you think it will actually start?
hahaha thanks man.
this is an amazing grouping of radio talking heads!!
Like christian music? You should check us out! You might find something you like!
I'm not a pickle fan at all, but I may have to try that sometime.
I would totally read that. Also the one where they form a happy poly triad.
Djokovic breaks . 4-4 and only 55 minutes into the match. More like two machines playing.
Hey #gwu, come in on your study breaks all this week and next!
omfg I know. And by the second episode they're like "I'm falling in love" gtfo. I'm only watching for the hot guys lmfao
Husband is getting a Wild Brunette for Valentine's Day. Oh stop, you. It's a growler from Beer.
Me too! RT RT : I tried, Smash. I really tried. But until Ellis dies in a violent, Saw-like manner I'm done.
Congratulations!!! RT A very happy Friday indeed - PROMOTED TO FULL PROFESSOR!
playing the phrophet bar. 2548 elm st. dallas texas, then off to SXSW come one come all you fucks!
You kicked ass tonight #Baltimore!!! Get your rest and join us for a relaxing
But... Maybe he DOES have a problem! Starting the day with two Dr Peppers?! Him and a lot of America.
#TEDXUSC bummer! I came at 9 to get the green sticker and you are sending me to the 3rd floor!?
brush it off. Do you and be yourself
Looks like they're wrapping up the festival everywhere! People are walking drunkenly through the streets!
I've started 6 new TV shows in 2 weeks.
truly was born and raise Wildcat!
Have fun today!!!!
Are you still talking about the #Blackhawks?! ;-) Game 6 tomorrow!
Those kids are bringing clogging back. Suck it, Justin Timberlake.
Exhausted. Simply exhausted. Shooting has been brutal, but STILL...LOVE. THIS. SHIT! Just a few more days left...
Tired but I can't sleep.
I love you girly
why did the clown cross the road? to get to your party.
Omaha is having a grey day. My little Etsy model/daughter has a double ear infection. Time to craft the day away!
oh lol you just keep talking about what douche bags boys are :D
"There is danger ahead and a damned sight of it," Hurlbut wrote. He knew eyes continued to watch me, and he wanted no part of it.
True. I'm moving in with you. RT : well you haven't been to florida... RT : I'm hated everywhere I go.
What's up for today don't wanna thing at the church ugh
nigga you tweeting to the public which means I can say wth I want lol
This!!! Me too ": I need to befriend someone who's in the music business. Or an entertainment lawyer. Or something!"
Why are you gonna be at Saugus High?!?!
With pleasure, Charlotte - and a hearty congratulations on book deal. Cheers.
happened to watch a scene from The Santa Clause last night, Judy's cocoa...
of though and we're so cute together!!!!!!!!$$
well there is entertainment value in crashboombang. I'm making real Ramen,(No styrofoam cup). Not as exiting.
I like that metaphor. Expand...
looks delicious!
First of what
Working on a holiday party for Newbeauty Magazine in Beverly Hills.
Thanks! We love having you as our customer!
Gotcha. LifeChurch - I went to Germantown before I found MH. Went to the theater as part of a promo event for them.
My brother comes home and gives me his ipad <3
Thanks for the info!
Amen. Rebeck never took him seriously as a character. He's a lame, sad plot device.
I'm only making summertime tracks for the next few weeks. Fuggit.
They have some of the best lyrics I have ever heard!!
M sex with amayrani c;
Thanks! Hope you're having a great day.
Impala’s Hand Forced as Zimbabwe Starts Nationalization via
Merry Christmas all!
Peggy Noonan's in WSJ for Obama's rise from faculty nerd to real leader in his Tucson speech. Wasn't he a radical commie from the start??!
FDNY are the best!!!
Here's hoping everyone has a nice da a y a great evening and good night, sweet dreams
thank you coca-cola! I missed you too :(
Vegas #RNs are on fire! LOL RT : 80+ #Nurses, union folks, and community braved the Vegas heat and spoke out to #taxwallstreet!
oh gosh Montana.... What did you say?
Watch Sunday's Packer game 1/2 time food is build your own taco bar. Happy hour prices all day.
lmao I follow you.. you follow me.. these messages are seen by all.. only direct messages are seen by only you and me!
Today starts National Nurses Week! Do u know a great nurse who deserves a shout out? www.knowledgesafari.com click blog!
Had a super fun day:) an even better night is on its way:)
#MaybeIShould change my outlook
If my rent check got lost in the friggin mail AGAIN, I'm not issuing a new check. The apt mgr should be more responsible.
wish i coulda been with my babe today, i got work all weekend !
I can't wait for the Commercial!!
bro our rotation is too nasty!!
Please tell me your joking :)
you know I love you.
Away from conference- relying on Twitter feeds, now. Thank you everyone who is tweeting!!
one day to go until the end of the baseball season. Seems like we just finished our draft. Rockers have a 6.5 point lead on the Dudes.
lol but they all true
sleep time I have a date with A 6am run
I am learning how to type in the dark :D but i know how to type type.. but right now im individually typing each letter with one finger
#OHELLNAW, Mel Gibson said what? Why couldn't he trade places with Dick Clark?
maybe my computer has a problem so im going to a play im EXCITED!!
RT We r conducting aerial inspec. of area. Customers shouldn’t be alarmed if they c a helicopter flying over the gas trans. line.
She REALLY said that????
RT : This American Life is running an episode on political fundraising. You won't be surprised to hear that it's horrifying.
Buddhist association connects visitors with Burmese culture - Washington Post
S. Austin coworking space opens on Mon - help spread the news! planca.st/12qN
Come aboard.
When is Little Jimmy finally gonna wrestle a match?
Thanks! And I only have 1 of those (practical IA).
following let meh see (767) followers (202) like really dude
FOLLOW NOW FOR A SHOUT OUT ON MY PERSONAL AND A DM TO CODY&AUSTIN TWEET ME YEE WHEN YOU DID!<U+2665>.
Oh and its not me
Watching the nuggets game with my uncle
what do i got to do for a pair of them melted cleats????
you know, i can make up something to vote on if you ever just want to have drinks
I'm sorry I laughed at this a little bit...only because I feel your pain, completely.
Hair salon packed today! Gotta look good 4 turkey day. Nice 2 spend time w/ family and friends.
No surprise Chris Mann took 4th. This is going to Jermaine or Juliette!
keesh is u drunk too
Yeah xD , girl do you have #FB ?
#Bombrito RT : A burrito sounds soo bomb right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
well I wouldn't necessarily call my grandmothers home which is a senior citizens home the "trap" lol its decent over here tho
thanks bro
Haha, well I can guarantee that Vegas will be way hotter than Michigan! It's always hot down there! A really neat place!
thanks for the follow, Denise !
I think I'm gonna gain 10 pounds from all the chocolate roses I've been consuming.
So smitten with all the smart, entrepreneurial women in my wine club. One of many reasons it feels great to be back in Chicago.
#wikileaks like weapons that open eyes.
(cont) However, publishers can also attach shapefiles for download. If they haven't let me know, and I'll contact them. /cc
"This is Sandra Clarke"
Walk Offs are the closet thing I have to a World Series. I'll take them all year!
I love this time of year, the holidays are the best! Spending time with friends and family, the perfect situation to send #Bartab drinks!
RT : Just pick up your trash before you leave on your HuffPo busses. || good advice, thanks.
yes its morning, u cant see out side ehnu. ur tweeting me behind me kekke
IndyCar puts on 6-race probation. Will be sad not to see him compete in the #Indy500 this year.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Crest Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
Now to Munich for Europe cabinet meeting. Still amazed ! Only God can help us bring His presence to all persons.
take that Castro! that's what you get for trying to stretch a double.
Fun fact: Women are twice as likely as men to order vegetables on their pizza. Do you guys agree?
France the latest team to get burnt by the hot potato that is the haka
Q6 What is a "large group"? I do not believe large numbers of librarians will retire.People are too broke to retire.
i want these next 2 weeks to be done, im so ready for summer
*dies laughing* RT RT INSTANT CLASSIC. Romney on comments on Rev. Wright: "I stand by what I said, whatever it was."
Work has been so crazy busy the last 2 days, but dude, i love that this is my job.
So many cantinas and bars in the neighborhood and not one with a hard liquor license. Why bother?
We get to rehearse in the theatre today - a rarity in NYC! We love the ArcLight!!! www.kefproductions.com
hannah montana used to be my favorite show when i wuz like.. 8 xD and i remember i used to LOOOVEE That's So Raven
Good luck.
members- did you know there is an SD SMPS club? The next mtg is Aug. 2 @ 8 a.m. @ Winzler & Kelly in Kearny Mesa.
also, one of my family members in the the Philippines met Jericho Rosales and i am extremely jealous.
Thanks Anne!
I bet they didn't. Thx for the link... Interesting.
You know email personalization goes too far when they use my full name, including middle name, in the subject line.
You once guarded America's freedom, but now you are guarding the gates of Heaven. #Hooah!
that makes two of us!
Someone come over here and help me get rid of this writers block....
15% of applicant traffic is via the mobile site #HCM2012 #SoMoClo - critical that all recruiters go thru to see the experience
Prefers to have this subway sandwich non toasted.
I screwed up. If your reading this.... IM SORRY. :c
Time to land? Short flight. Where were you?
I approve of that inning.
timely RT: Remember ur worst enemy is often ur own mind. Ur the only 1 who can stop progress. Until u master u excuses will b on the menu.
Family in my 7 week program just IM me, her daughter was non verbal 7 wks ago, talked in 2 wks, TOLD HER MOM "I LOVE YOU" Tonight' PRICELESS
Good Evening Everyone... I may be offline for the weekend, gotta finish unpacking and getting settled into the new house & office
Trying not to sound a little one sided here, but I still haven't seen any "KONY2012" stuff.. What happened?
As Wehner just pointed out, Sanchez had not allowed more than 2 ER in a start so far this year until tonight
after all those times I was there for you, you couldn't do the same just once
When Ray takes that step back and drops 3's like nothing....
hey, at least you got somewhere to hang your dirty laundry..... tweetin's for free, no need to spend 4 bucks at suds n' duds
12 days of school left!!! (:
#SaySomethin was so amazing! I'm waiting for the replay, it's such a good song! :)
And guess what I'm doing right now? Watching #AmericanHorrorStory !!!
hey!! I want you guys to follow me!! it'll seem legit!(; #smosh #FOLLOW #winning???
Incredible pictures you uploaded on Flickr, Steve!
campaign exhibiting more Road Rage that has gotten Mack in trouble in the past
I have not met a guy directioner .
get well guts, still the man in bmore
awesome bondage tonight with & ! ;)
.. u r very late my dear lol but its all good lol..
RT Sunrise, Durango, Sobb and Spring Mt came to represent party. Greyhounds on me
great sale on bananas at Walgreens.
5.5 mile run in sunny yet cool chicago, right along lake michigan; beautiful. countdown continues...9 more days.
what if they are cute...??? haha.
q&a: why is latin american art "underappreciated" in #DC ?
There is so much storytelling possibility for lighting esp. in readings of new plays but too often its not used
In studio on spring break. BUT have the kids with me doing an art project instead of homework, and we brought sushi!!
Lawyer at Greenfield School Board meeting now explaining annual meeting, hearing on the budget process.
Great idea! Way 2b ahead of the game! are you in TLDE? S Churchill or the amazing A Bley teaching?
If you won a free pair of tickets, you will have an email back this afternoon! Thank you for participating. Tweet using #BellAFB to be VIP!
finally ready. Just want to meet over at my hotel?
have ur ppl call my ppl. I'm pretty sure they're the same ppl so good luck with that
I am currently investigating claims relating to pre-natal use of Topamax, Clomid, and SSRI antidepressants causing birth defects.
Devin is that dude.
His smile. His eyes. his lips. His hair. His laugh. His hands. His smirk. His humor. His weird faces. R-T if you thought of someone.
is the K for Kardashian?
bitch you can feed a family with $6.48 at a cheese steak restaurant she need to get her mind right. any way you know i banged on that bitch
+1 RT : However digital humanities is defined, it should be glad 's involved.
You best believe I'm slamming Taco Bell as soon as my check hits.
": I finally found a guy I like I trust I care for & people trying to ruin it #PleaseStop I wanna be happy." Proud of you. (:
Bruce Lee was so fast that they had to slow the film down so you could see his moves.
Why a fan of Ben Franklin?
I found macaroni in my bra tonight. thanks baby.
thanks so much for following me! :)
Thanks for the #FF shout out, my friend -- have a great weekend!
Me too. Feel like I should reread him today, but I'm not sure I can stand it, you know? He had a real gift of clarity. A loss.
Not yet! Want to start one?
Anyone else in SD feel that shaking?
thanks for the RT!!
Wonderful job on the logo!
Time to #thunderup! Good luck guys!
you made #quadbox with the #hospital embezzler. That's cool!!
I get Philly in june
where are you moving?
She works hard for money so u better treat her right
Hahaha! You two are too funny. This party better have dinosaur costumes.
Phone companies are the biggest thieves, and the sad part is that we let them. These phone bills are gonna be the end of me.
i do this with the girls I coach - amazing how much they forget! And that's soccer nevermind biology!
Good bye OBX. Never going there again.
Our servers have all been upgraded to Flash 10.3 now.
To all you Ladies, follow for laughs and life lessons for Women. NO BOYS! :P
Bomb threat reported at carnegie mellon
See you in Baltimore Get em!
Courtney, her musical director and sometimes Bass Player
I have a crush on <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093> Instagram. I just wanna <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B> those sexy lips of his <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Greater Reading . . . where saying "I'm having the Dutch Platter" meets with understanding and a smile.
Thank you for heads up!!! I think I know why.
1. I drove through Twin Peaks/North Bend this weekend! My spot. 2. That was probably the best Mad Men episode this season.
what year is it?? “: we think it's 2012, lmao”
On the grind here at The Global Elements just sayin HELLO to all my tweet fam!!!
Angels In the Outfield is on TV so I guess I don't mind this whole insomnia thing. Takes me back to 1994.
O dnt give me the sexi voice now ~! These skills are untouchable
Missing all my #pbskidsVIPS who are at #PBSam! Though I'm enjoying
#FF because I SAID SO!
So.. Cant Wait f For Your Punkd' Episode!!.:p
I see the heat haters coming out now.. Mostly comprised of angry Bulls fans
Love the articles that you are sharing with the community. I does support my 5 Linx Business. Cynthia Harris
I AM NOT A CREEPER... but i like to creep (; haha
If you're unsure where to start, just get going with something - eventually the path will get clearer.
You now realize that it's 4 am and you're still writing about capybaras in Chinese.
RT I am so very p90xsore today. Why didn't someone remind me that writing>exercise
Yes, my grandmother had that problem in the early 40s. It was hard for her to conceive.
I need to get my eyebrows done.
:-) I Sweaa I Love You!
Laying down, I can hear my own heartbeat. Wonderful music;
Awesome quote! I still need to see that film. :)
it's almost like they don't want Otto to score and are taking dump shots.
Hi trouble :)
what are you talking about?
Taking a look at views in #Drupal 7 at our local Drupal meetup. Thanks for stopping by to talk about it!
mm the melty ham cheese is very much essential
Ambition is in ya veins
Story of my life on every Tuesday for the past month
Am I the only one that doesn't like listening to all the leaked tracks? I just can't wait to get Trespassing in the mail on May 15th!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Less than 1 week away from the #Brickyard 400! Who's excited?!
I didn't forget
Agree, but I'm firmly against them drafting any RBs this year, so Polk wouldn't make me feel much better.
Typing up the minutes from last night's meeting & template for the policy recommendations. Love my blackberry, productivity on the go.
And of course we highlight New York as the concrete jungle!
Chuck DeVore f #TPPF on Fox News: CA taxes, spends & regulates too much, tax hikes won't save CA #tcot (good job)
The No. VA market is pretty resilient. Office vacancy is under 10% in Arlington and we're all hoping it stays that way..
At least there's not a Spanish sol...
are u home yet sister?
nice nails! Hope the scratch up some dudes back haha meow
i hate when girls make their status "go bulls"! bitch you dont even like bball. youre doing it for attention and likes.
Aww that sweet! =D
So many emails to answer, but the WORLD is calling me forth to play in the SUNSHINE! What can you do to enliven your SPIRIT today?
Today's IntervalStrength class Woodland Hills will be delivered via kettlebell drills and BodyBar strength moves :)
It seems like most of the people who bitch about people never talking to them are also the people who insist that others talk to them first.
I love the marriage of the arts with the dance, because it's just so artistic to see the story come through the dance.
thanks girl! i miss laughing with you! let me know when ur in NY next!
Awesome talk by Adriene Hughes! Just learned that 1/60 is what I need 2 know 2 shoot video on my DSLR! , , &
we will be open and ready to mingle.
Eating Trident Layer Gum!. And Listening To Music!. Can't Sleep Going On A Field Trip Today!. Gettin' Inducted In TheNJHSToday!.LifeIsGreat.
Wilson is killing it out there, hitting his fifth three of the game. #Badgers still in the lead, 51-47
Keys locked in car? I unlock them for free. Engine light on? I read the codes for free
so it's a win win WIN!
follow back? :)
I think I might hit the gym. Got so much energy tonight.
excited to find out the next bachelor tonightt
Excellent. Just got done jogging. Sitting down and relaxing with a cup of coffee. How about you?
"Be present in everything you do, and enjoy life."
Yes! RT : This #twitter filter issue boils down to: not all tools are good for all applications. Use tools wisely FTW!
Are you back ?
Court strikes down California gay marriage ban
YUM RT : Grilled cheese month? I'm in! Planning bacon/pear/muenster/raspberry jam grilled awesomeness for next week.
have fun wish I could go...busy soccer weekend as usual. I will listen for you on TV
Alas, after a certain age every man is responsible for his face. - Albert Camus
silly ! <3 ready for tomorrow ?
What is that light coming from the sky??? Could it be the sun after all these months of Grey & darkness?
always guessing whats shining. We luv our friends. Thanks rootsmke
It's a venti kind of day
Not usually. But they are good eating.
no evidence suggests that their claims are even remotely true.
if you don't mind me asking how did u become jayhawk fan?
Anyone else obsessed with this song? Feel So Close by Calvin Harris. It makes me want to dance!
Can you say Whitney Houston??? Its karaoke night so come in and do her songs justice! Starts at 9 after happy hour!
dont you be holding ' cause at the end you goin want anthor ROUND '
I kinda want it too. haha
Even D-Fish D'ed up Kobe! Bwahahaha...
People who look 4 great ideas to make money r not nearly as successful as those who say Okay what do I really love to do? ~M Dell
True evil doesn't know it's evil.
good luck on prom #shopping!
anyone made, or is about to move to LA? if so, please post your stories on how smooth/difficult it was, was it worth it?
Last game till playoffs! Let's do this boys! #leeegoo! <3
I just saw this. It's nice to know that the object that stole your innocence is not indestructible.
Pulled off. Car was way too tight, not worth fighting it and risking tearing up equipment.
I'm bored
yep...I was signing it...in ASL...
cause its just another night on my own
Yikes, that's not good. Anything we can do to help? What version are you using?
S.C.H.O.O.L. = Seven Crappy Hours Of Our Life. C.L.A.S.S. = Come Late And Start Sleeping. F.I.N.A.L.S. = Fuck I Never Actually Learned Shit.
Confirmed via Ron Artest interview: he's still crazy, 'World Peace' is ironic.
Little kids shuffling at the mall, so cute
Everyone keeps following my old account. NO -_-
": #Aquarius are usualy the Dame/knight in shiny armor. They will be the first to help out their fellow man or stray animal"
It was only the 3rd loss for the Brewers as the month of April closes. Two hits today. Scary what happens without Molitor.
I would actually love it, personally. I think it's smart. Most versatile secondary in the league.
Ugh I hate having my Twitter hacked. Thanks for the heads up!
Cali Swag District's M-Bone Remembered By New Boyz
Great variety of topics! Coffee break. I'm double booked in spots already. I hate that.
Global Media Monitoring Project: Only 13% of stories focused specifically on women and 6% on issues of gender equality or inequality.
woah wait, Harry confirmed Perrie & Zayn are dating?! if so: Aw C: if not: they should start dating soon :3
Finish This Funniest one wins a Shirt - Why did the Chicken Cross the Road
Recognizes Black History Month, preparing for a candid interview on race. How far have we really come?
Dear Nashville, please get rid of the mustard jerseys. Stuff that flute down that guys throat while you're at it. Thank you
“: ": Note to self: Kyle sucks at telling jokes..."he sucks at errrythang” I'm the illest, swag swag
lol its thuggish
Its so fascinating to watch someone actively and selectively construct their identity
Busy, the key is to brew the tea and then put it IN the chili. What a scary mess that would be.
how much are the tickets for Friday I need a few
Personally I suspect Phil will win & he will go the way of Kris Allen & Lee DeWyze. Almost seems like NOT winning is better now!
whoops, we meant, let's chat!
XOXO's forever !!!
I've had the flu all weekend. Its the worst!
#NaPoWriMo Still on!
Acupuncture is a jab well done.
Back to achey, cold and nauseous. Times like these I wish I was at home so my mama could take care of me and play Ferris Bueller's Day Off.
30 followers till we reach 2K! Tell all your friends to follow for a chance to win a FREE t-shirt/2 winners will be chosen!
lol fresshmen! u smell horrible! x)
is the Preston Oaks closest to you?
At this rate, maybe I won't try to catch some of the #Texas game during lunch.
R.I.P. Steve Jobs, you were a brilliant man!
Good Morning! :0)
People who like that are why the Kardashians are famous.
Gideon Sundback zipper doodle: Google celebrates father of the modern zipper. What gay man hasn't gotten excited playing with this invention
who gives a flying____about her crap if you do get a life!!
Can i get a flirty tweet Jordan?;)
Guess I try n get some sleep. My house is makin scary noises. Don't u hate that?
If you'd read a kid a fairy tale about a princess meeting her prince, that kid is old enough to know that LGBT people exist.
do you have a skypeeeeeeeeeeeee?
S/o to for the follow
gracias-hope to give it a try when u do develop it
there are a lot of concerts I want to hit up between now and fall here and in chicago
Isn't the asylum in Vinita? Ambulance chasers gotta eat, son.
Check out all the fun your fee could get u for free tonight! OPEN games at Bryte Park 6:30,7:15 n post game bash
"The Pity Circle"
Keep walking in purpose, focus and favor!!
For sure!
Last day to vote for Heinemann's favorites - to appear on the menu at the Pfister Cafe. Vote: www.thepfisterhotel.com
Nice - with my big ol' head in the shot!
I always call you MR pemulis
Happy New Year Beth!!
did he get you some sleep? I can use some too! I want a discount code for the 20th!!!
I want to chill with someone
That's a great idea!
So all 1,477 Journal entries are ported to Falcon. The main conversion is nearly done. Just have to clean up a few more...
versus 1300 + daily cheers of NO-O........uh, the nos have it! ;)
whats up bum???
There's something magical about KSRoke
USF and Louisville trading shots now. Keep it up Bulls!
It's Toddler Tuesday at the Launch Zone til 2:30 today. Join us for Prehistoric Adventures!
Everyone who bought Hunter boots in Austin finally have an actual reason to where them.
Can we wear an #indy Super Bowl 2012 Super Scarf now?
I remember You telling me something abt tht! :)
We need polling stations to for our upcoming Campaign! Can you help us?
is sexy and he knows it.
Why does Perm solutions have to smell like rotten eggs?
Denise Hummer singing in the ballroom this Wednesday, April 22...lite concessions, $10, 7-9pm. Night-club style entertainment.
Mitigating disasters by hunting down Dragon Kings: Forecasting natural or economic disasters by identifying ...
WAH I fell. Don't hate.
whoa dude awesome! total respect, and party on!
Someone, text me back!
he legged out that HR harder than an attempted single haha
#eventhoughtheyaredecent I'm not watching the KU-KState game because I can't stand either of them.
was not happy to leave Montrose. He had too much fun with Murphy.
This event is a <U+0091>must<U+0092> for any person who wants to make that leap and become a fighter
Thanks tafari for u support brother A&D forever
One doesn't discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time. -Andr Gide.
I wanna be the dos equis most interesting man in th world
I just remembered I have to babysit tonight...I guess I'll go to sleep now so I'm not sleep then
mine too, get out the hair dryer “: Water pipe is froze ...awesome”
Want more pins on Pinterest? says mo' photos, mo' pins! ;)
Ok Cool! Ima check him out, and if yall do make it here just hit me up!! Send me a link to yall tracks.
Been years since I stepped foot in Nawlins. Last time I was here I got to hang with le beauty & muse What to do around town now?
"it is a weeping, and a moaning, and a gnashing of teeth, when it comes to my sound which is the champion sound Believe! Believe!"
Casey heard my summer plans about shooting hoes, and ruben, and hobos... what has my life come to
"Jean Valjean, my brother, you no longer belong to evil. ...........I’ve ransomed you from fear and hatred. And now I give you back to God."
Congrats to Arma guitarist Alejandro Guzman and his fiancee Olivia, who welcomed his baby boy into the world on July 24.
Brilliant! Let's market this right away. I'm gonna ride your coattails all the way to the top on this one.
Miao Meow Mrrow right back at ya,
Wish oomf this, I think oomf that. Just tag the damn person!
Damn it I don't want to have to convert to the #Starbucks religion and start drinking lattes religiously to stay up in class!
Thanks for the shoutout, Shannon! How's working at Coke Studio and MTV Unplugged India? Sounds pretty interesting to me...
how you been?
oh okiee c: thanks! ;p
in sure she does butt we're at yuris night tonight. Cc
yeah but I like the newer ones (2007-now)... they look much nicer in my opinion
#YouGetPointsIf you have a good body or amazing eyes and smile. put both of those together and you automatically win
Getting ready to go to a party :-)
University students learn to salsa
I cannot wait for the Believe Album.I dont want to get started on the tour.<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>Bieber I Need you!
As develops employers and a healthy workplace, affirm importance of engaging students for success.
Today is Queen`s day
who you chatting with Raul?
oh nice. Good luck to your team.
It's pretty much pointless to wash my car since I live so close to the ocean.
My pleasure Dezzy!
RT : #LifeLit screen shot of a google "forbidden country" message is a sober reminder that OA in USA does not mean open for everyone
Question yo what?
Hahaha, I'm pretty sure no one can top that.
I hope will go to NZ and have my human fight. That way I get the house to myself for a week
should ask TT if AR12 was excited when he didnt remember where GB was, lol
OK, 3 days into owning a Mac for 1st time. Deep breath. Learning curve. Steve Jobs wasn't a fascist. (maybe) Don't fear change.
im going to the concert all by myself lol
Closing FAZZT77. Please follow , home for and all Sam Schmidt Motorsports tweets.
wow Mike Francesa is amidst a beatdown yesterday+today on Twit. of all medias!
sad but very true...DJ had to be talking under his breath all day!
Remembering the my 1st blizzard. 2006 in Como. Perpetual party at the slums. So il-prepared. No boots, making beer runs to the nogas hard
Whether you need help finding your dream home, selling your home, or looking for an investment property, I can help!
Hardy's attorneys say plea agreement is something Hardy wanted to do to bring some amount of peace to Moore family
Be happy to chat about that!
thank you!
At MLMP Oscar party.
hey now! I like Steven!
Cali girls date the ugliest dudes , what a shame .... What a waste .... </3
Oh you're a Willy Wonka account too? Funny, so are the other fifteen Wonka accounts.
wow. That's fake that you're just now following me. I thought we were cooler than that?!?!?! Lol
#CSS issues are taking up way too much time. Anyone know if there's such a thing as a "CSS debugger" showing _why_ layout is the way it is?
Cleveland didn't experience an earthquake today: it was actually pulling tractors for his last day of training camp
On my way to for the #dhdebate forum!
oh really good fer u em olo
lol to touch the net maybe. You can barely jump on top of a piece of paper!
I'm down cause i might already be planning on going around that time hahaha
Sources who have seen the list of 's line item vetoes say the majority of the money is in Senate Dem districts
What makes you think that?
Congrats Timbuk2: Winner of the '11 BI Achievement Award #BASumtt2011: Uses SaaS BI 2 provide data-driven insight 2 the extended enterprise
she likes ours
“: Happy New Year to all those in #SouthDetroit! #akaWindsor” Love this!
Leaving work late and irritated with campus computing for sending me a warning for exceeding bandwidth. Uploads are my job, you idiots!
My boyfriend plays tuba in his sleep
im going to be at the
Rock chalk
I decided to stop following because his tweets are very alarming to me. TORNADOS ARE MOST LIKELY GOING TO HAPPEN.
New Yorkers: I'll be in NY for the Webby Awards & would love to say hi. I have the most free time on the 19th & 20th if you are available!
good to know how it's spelled! And yes, she's the best I've been to as well.
Hi my name is cici, I try so hard with you & nomatter what I do everything is wrong to you. Should I stop trying or start pretending? ~
Why can't we vote for goalies? Price all the way
when im upset, i listen to when im inbetween when im happy thanks for the music :D my 3 categories. :D
Z, that's so 2008
My daughter woke me up this morning singing dancing till the world ends, thanks Lol
Dr. House is my kind of doctor. When I get sick and have to go to the hospital...I hope that " Dr. House is in the house"...to treat me.
#superbowl party at a friend in pembroke pines. Go Pierre Paul
haha My friends are saying the felt it & I'm like I didn't!! I don't notice anything shake! lol
so like i havent been on twitter for a while, and im hearing rumors on tumblr about chachi, and ian.... hm what i miss?
Great trip to Mitchell park with the dog yesterday! Always friendly dogs there, and plenty of space for them to run.
Aww poor hoarders, they're just doing exactly what our society tells them to. Acquire more materials.
I did last night :( RT : did it snow in wausau. hope not. cold damp day here. pretty miserable
Colorado GOP declares Rick Santorum winner---
Can someone explain to me if the theory of an ever-expanding universe is consistent with the first law of thermodynamics (cons. of energy)?
S/O from the CEO's of Ganksta Entetprize
Say true.
headed to the house then to go get some food then back to the house to chill. if you want to come by or go to lunch give me a shout. leaving
If one wanted to pop into Central Library, would one get stuck in #OccupySD? I mean, I got your back, just need my book club book ...
SLP Resource of the Week: Minimal Pairs Word List/Directory www.pediastaff.com
i thought you didnt like justin..
Oh look, my iPod took a bath.
COME HOME TO ME ROOMIE!
Did you miss us last night? Yes, yes you did. One more nov. show next Saturday record archive 1pm
me neither. One of my favorites on the album
"Defeat is not an option" Charlie Sheen
thanks dear :D
It is so HOT
are you on the first? :o
I really gotta hand it to you.
you are amazing, I love you baby
So who exactly is #Antisec?
i clicked on follow u a few weeks ago.
Start your morning with a Fresh Handmade Breakfast Taco,$1.85 Compare all others for $2.25-2.50. Become a fan on facebook!!
Having fake friends makes you realize how lucky you are for having your best friends.
In Care of Dad | Blog | Making The Photo Book Of Love
But the thing is i'm not hated on by people i know, its the ones i don't know. thats what bothers me. its like GTFO
sorry I missed it. Sounds like you had fun
I gave several free walks this week and I liked it!
Stuck in traffic again. I love LA!
liking the look bud
lol okay you going to get it
If you don't make time for me, then why should i make time for you?"
66. I love WWR (my form) and miss walker is the funniest person on the planet after friday lololololololol.
LOL I am sure u are not the only one
Leaving for my review in an hour, I think it's a good time to pop the anxiety med.
that's how you know you're in Vegas.
Angry guy tried asking old lady w/ walker to move on escalator so he could pass her. I said don't be an asshole dude. People down here, man
Snow believes high unemployment rates are dangerous and every solution to an economic problem leads to another economic problem
That ihop was bomb tho last night/this morning !
Failure is not an option!
They want us to think we're in command.
such a bitch for offending you. Again i am really sorry, hope that you'll forget about how dumb and stupid
Up early as eva wish I could return to my sleep not an morning person at all.
sweet! Tell him to call us
Praise! RT : You can lacquer on all the mascara and sparkly eye-shadow you want but there's no hiding "dead-behind-the-eyes".
yeah it will be :) thanks
No banana hammocks please.
It's Friday! Have you tried Chef Maue's corn flake crusted walleye yet???? M!
All this praise for"I'm for it" is like some guy sayin you should have 32lbs.of air pressure in your tires No braina bs
I really thought my ass was grass! *in my Sayra voice* lol
yet another test
Industry is the soul of business and the keystone of prosperity.
Looking for an awesome concert in Baltimore this weekend? 8x10 This Friday w/ Brooks Long. *Little Richard Tribute!!*
YES !!!!! I told everybody to pray for us!!!!!
Sunday works. I agree, I don't think there will be non-packed theaters.
questionable statistics can still make your day: my G-Scholar total citations count just broke 100.
is Steven gonna wear pink?
: up now mapping londons populations flows
"Oh, shit, girl, you're single now? Fuck, I wanna get all up in that ass." says the manager of our Duplex. -sigh-
Pfingst adds this is first time in San Diego history that any district attorney has used an open case in a political ad cc:
"If u lose my trust, you're not getting it back unless u work for it. Even then, it probably won't be the same"
LA how are you?
i wanna see jackass 3d so bad!
that was a crap call thou. Should be allowed to challenge a ball
Fools Gold: How the bold dream of a small tribe at J.P. Morgan was corrupted by Wall Street greed and unleashed a catastrophe - Gillian Tett
+1 RT I really wish that on May 12 the #Twins two best starters weren't Scott Diamond and P.J. Walters.
If you knew me in real life I'm an overly obsessive Directioner who love Harry and Niall the most! <33 ;)
Mahomies Love Mama Mahone <3 She's always supported Austin and made him the wonderful guy he is today <3
Sorry....10-4 pm carriage ford is on lewis and Clark parkway
? DM me the link?
Running music experiments on the boy. Curtis Mayfield: Inconclusive. Afrika Bambaataa: Inconclusive. Put on Ghost and he tried to bite me.
To live forever... within the memories we hold so dear... you will be remembered the ones I love and I will hold the memories near.
Hey Jamie , My ICONiac Buddy!!!! xD
...(con't): to tell him that I agree with him that the Patriots earned every victory.”
RT Rally for Solar - Friday, February 25, 12pm Colorado State Capitol - West Steps 200 E. Colfax Ave Denver, Co
hell yes! Had a blast.
I LOVE #UNDERTHEMISTLETOE! giving them as party favors! <3
if you think u know so much put your dried up ovaries to work!
“ That bitch karma handle the petty”
9/21: Check out Prof. Al-Saji speak on "The Phenomenology of Cultural Racism: Veils, Bodies, and the Nature of Culture" at 5pm in Devlin 101
hey sorry boo im online right now
look at my other tweets lol
When you seek for God- you will find Him. He is just waiting for you to ask Him for help.
close your eyes 'n picture the most perfect chica.. if u know SBB u already know who i see. happy tuesday
we've been acting awful tough lately
Eldest "This song doesn't make sense. What does 'I like the way you work it. No diggity. I got to bag it up' mean?"
Are your kids "bored" again today? Give them a holiday badge to rewards good behavior....
will TrueCompliments.com take over Hallmark? I don't know ;)
lmao, you're the first to catch on lol
Random Fact Of The Day: Webb (avon band director) is a Taurus. He also thinks he can scare us by telling us he's a Taurus.
Self-employed people and small businesses should use a computerized system, which reduces missed payments and keeps paperwork down.
best movie ever? Right? :-)
What a nice day. To pretty to stay at work. Going home to work outside and enjoy the day. Lot's of ZUZU fans enjoyed our patio today!!
Happy Sunday Everyone! Waking up to the smell of Godiva's Hazelnut Coffee makes me smile. Make it a great day!!
Kim Fowley, on the radio just now: "What's the difference between traveling, touring and living? Laundry and dry cleaning."
Gonna be a #beerme lunch in #Madison tomorrow for the #Brewer game tomorrow anyone? Game time is 11:35 am Central.
you make me feel much better my love, thank u so much!! And it really means a lot to me that u saw that I'm a little bit +
gotta go with the sentimental one....jury votes is what it's all about
Deals ahead on high-MPG cars as gas prices drop - CBS News
She's going to make me S'wet..On this hot date tonight.
hahah jus changed the channel nd they was bout to have sex in the scene nd im sittin here wit ma parents lol
Daily GTKY question presents guilty pleasure week. What is your favorite guilty pleasure food?
I usually find one and then look at who they follow, and check for verified accts harthanson is a good start or billprady.
& thank YOU for posting the article. I'm not gluten intolerant but I've tried a few of the beers on the list & am not a fan.
i Accepted It The First Time I Juss Dont Want Yu To Sweat It ... &&' i Can't Wait To Go Back ...
too early to take him in 4th?
Blog is up regarding Cru De Gra participants line ups and schedules.
Horse Slaughter Request Spurs Outcry
15.4 million iPads sold in Q4 2011 by #Apple. Who's camping out for an #iPad3 with me?!
Put it in your kidney
Sipping right now
missing out on waffles!
"swinging like a girl" as an insult is UNACCEPTABLE. hope you talk to coach.
Forever crying cause I miss my boyfriend...
And we've got a group from Horton's Kids here too. They are having so much fun. It's adorable!
You , Jarrod and Barry make Storage Wars. Is Dave is a D-bag? YUUUUPPPPPP!
Everyone please tune into in 15 minutes and watch My favorite singer #BehindTheMusic documentary of her life
A wise man once said "radio stations I question their blackness, they call themselves black we'll see if they play this"
RT : "Let the world change you and then you can change the world." -Ernesto Ché Guevara, Motorcycle Diaries An amazing movie!!
So go ahead, judge me.
fat free milk + greek yogurt + strawberries + blueberries + banana + cinnamon + nestle choc milk powder + whey = postworkout shake
yay!!!!!!!!! In coming to see him. Your momma and mine have been talking and she wants us to visit in the hospital :)
Yay yogalates is going to be so much fun...NOT
We're losing Dale Hunter already.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
#RiseandWine !! Fabulous Friday has finally arrived. Cheers
What the fuck is a Ted
very creative!!!
It's a bad sign when Antonio Cromartie is a better strategist than your GM and coaching staff
Oh Boy!!! RT Tickets for #IB5 on 3/4/10 will go on sale Feb 1st - watch this space for more details :-)
YUP I AM U NOW I TAKING HIM TO EAT
No more naps at 7pm on a Saturday night when I plan on going out. That nap took 10 hours it also involved me sending texts I don't remember.
I like February too. Both Aquarians and Valentine's Day are good in my book.
FTs really did not matter. This one has been over
Good morning dear friends and fans. Hope everyone had a delightful weekend. Any unusual stories from the weekend?
Hope to post the full list of Youth Foundation Fair raffle items on Friday. Buy tickets at the YF Booth $5 each or $10 for three tickets.
I need to remember, SVEUM rhymes with GAME.
All the people i FW. are Seniors & Juniors , but now they in college or about to graduate :/
and yet we never see each other...
we flipped for seats...you lost, sorry.
Let the SuperBowl Hype Begin!
I love Torts!!
Why am I only seeing these tweets now?! D: OH, I know: maybe it's cause of the shitload of hw I have to do this week :'(
just to let u know roman_catdaddy really misses u and he wants u to know he's srry check ur kiks
The mark of whether a society is just is how equitably it treats its most reviled members
If you don't love yourself, why should I love you?
Khloe and Mr. T are bonning without any questionss..
++ RT : Q6: getting thru an anti-social media person? Post lots of great stuff about Him / Her ;)
Miller in for Patterson, Harp in for Stokes, and Murani in for Pacheco. Denise is really using the bench to the fullest.
IMA FUCKIGN KILL YOU.so fucking annoyin i swear keep postin mothafuckin tweets and lets see were your page is gonna end up
That's a GREAT idea! #guitar RT : Some sort of handy pocket for my slide.
Alright alright alriiiiiggghhhtttt :)
RT : RT : <U+2752> Taken <U+2752> Single <U+2714> Busy Tweeting :D
Are there still people that don't believe in Global Warming Now?
Añejo - aged a minimum of 1 year in small oak casks. 500-600L cask
& have some big things lined up.....STAY TUNED!
Please follow me!
#2011in3words MONEY, POWER, RESPECT!
Ah... First day off in a while. Feels good after a very successful weekend at Andy's with CGQ.
you should follow me back..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
that was funny..and I calkl
I'm just gonna say YEE & pretend that I know what a 'pink dolphin' is..
I think it's adults now. No choice about it. :-)
if everybody goes to harvard who is going to pick up trash and clean the hotels ?
ready to go
RT : Failure is only the opportunity to begin again more intelligently. - Henry Ford
Snot rockets provide squeelers fans with a lunch sufficient with their level of integrity.
this is going the to be a slobber knocker
:-) RT : I'm watching this show called 4th and forever about poly football team it's a documentary
That can be so hard to deal with, especially if it involves revealing unpleasant events or people.
Jam fall to the D-Fenders 93-87.
yes! Email me if you want to be apart of it.
thank you for a great # #HallOfFame, and also for playing 2 compositions by , its been good listening in
Why do women have mid-life crises? Because Phil and Oprah say they're supposed to.
Yes. Stay strong.
Is it true that the more you try to get something, the more distant it becomes?
This game and series have been a joke! I am gonna throw something at tv!!
'A Cross to Bear' will be available an eBook in 2 weeks. Thanks for all the support.
crud....I wish the 2 of them would pull their collective brains out of thier backsides so we can get back to watching the blzrs
since when
Keep running! Say no to SB5 ;-)
Probably safer. As we put it, the numbers reveal more idiocy than it is healthy to think about
RT : I'm taking the SmartCommute Challenge < I'm in NYC & don't have a car, do I qualify? :)
Is Dave Letterman necessary?
Oh my goodness, just KILLED it. I had chills the entire time!!!!
aha its a date, next Saturday! anyone fancy joining us?
Traffic on 95 makes me miss the MARC train.
No high-fiving allowed in the NBA playoffs!
Need a #massage STAT! #suggestions in the #Milwaukee area?!
Ah, so sweet. Watching you conquer the ladder will only add to the list of impressive talents you possess.
In the beginning...copyright was 14 years.
Saturday - 4/2/2011 - Saturday Night Live w/ DJ CUT & BIG WORM
They talked on the phone. Ryan offered to come back from a trip to meet with Uthoff. He declined.
Now that I had a Coke from Mexico- I am ruined for American Coca~Cola
amen n we want spirit is spirit..
on DM? I don't sent to u nothing, I don't know! Wait, I'll to see! ;)
Thanks for being awesome!
Totally agree. WE NEED OFFENSE!
I've already made it a great day. Now I just need to continue with that theme ;-)
well duh I want to see! Sorry for being rude, I would thoroughly enjoy it.
CDR #SHOUTOUT to One Of The Realest Artist Out For Placing his Collabo w Brighton U.K's on RIZ Album Feat.
whataburger craving right about now
You know what one day im gonna throw a party with FAKE alcohol and see how many people get drunk
We all know a slut named Megan.
hahahahaha, surprised I didn't to be honest, because it's usually me that that sort of stuff happens too;-)
So I guess I'm bout to hit Venice with this baddie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><U+270C>
NY one last Dec. had disappointing turnout.
You're dead on & I couldnt agree more...
Love has no other desire but to fulfill itself. To melt and be like a running brook that sings its melody to the night.
top of the norms to you Jay!!!
GM beautiful people :-)
Fac and staff dev project parlors esp. energized today. Good reminder from presenter Trzeciak: improving learner/user experience is goal.
Hey , so i hear its national kissing day... MWAH!! <3 Keep being awesome!
That is so cool man. Vanessa and I want a puppy but our Apt complex doesn't allow dogs. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
If anybody will asked me:"U're happy?",i say yes i do.Cos i've man,who i realy love...
We have a reverbnation but choose not to use it. No clean tracks atm, our 1st EP is going to be released sometime in 2012
Can u send me that blog u said was bad about me
No problem :)
lol not I
March, the time of year I just pretend it's warm.
no to my right at the top
thank you so so so much to everybody that came out tonight, we will be given away the book via twitter tomorrow, stay tunned
Scored a crapload of vintage Xmas lightbulbs today for cheep, crazy kitschy wreaths coming to a door near you soon!
I wish I lived in the UK.
Just had a very strange dream about the Presidential race.
2hrs hasta que sea el cumpleanos de royce in Los Angeles
": But Romneycare was already a thing by 2008. True. But OBcare wasn't. I fear that w/ Mitt we all but take it off table
Lol Manning not interested in Titans? That's why there is a meeting scheduled! haha Come back to Tenn! Manning+CJ2K+Britt=#SB47!
teaching #AfroLatinAmerica today. we will discuss the long history of black politics in Latin America & social science approaches
That was a weak T.
Groovy T Waddup
Enjoy sitting in your car for 5 minutes! RT : I'm sprinting out of the room......
Giving a happy Grannies hello to our newest followers, !
He explained that once a person has gotten the flu, they are done for the season..so getting a flu shot after you had it is pointless.
Hee Hee Hee! The Chicago elections board looks sillier than a gopher with its gonads greased!
You can also find us on iTunes so shouldn't you check it out?
I'm getting Bullish on
I used to host a radio show, any excuse to have a good looking woman in the studio, I get it!! Good on ya!
Dome looks very beautiful. How far away is this from Rome?
woaah, i did not just call him my boyfriend -__- lol
Since Brady got with her/Gisele he has lost two Super Bowls. Hm
It's not that we want to kill capitalism..Capitalism is killing itself
Sorry I missed you guys! Was headachey and tired after theater, so I headed home. Yes, I'm old and lame. :)
Quantifying cost of new offshore supplier: 30% of each dollar is attributed to the transition
#BelieveMemphis. That is all!
It was a joke! RT "I made enough lasagna for our Valentine's Day dinner to feed leftovers to my three other girlfriends!"
Jacques is the only exception.
please follow me??? I love you Alex (:
made it past the death trap that is Rosslyn. Trains seem 2 b sharing tracks. Luckily "major delays" turned into minor delays
Parking is frustrating right now. But, you can get $5 a week pass to assure a spot in a lot. LMK if you want more info.
No doubt she would have been mortified. Not as mortified as the Quinnite Nation, but mortified nevertheless.
Got the call today and forsure got the venue!! So exciting to put my show on with headlining !
Review your keywords a few times per year. You may find a topic/keyword that you overlooked that keeps appearing
when i watched his video tonight.... i wanted to cry. seems like yesterday he was just messing around with alex on ShootUsDown
Stewart is up front about what he does. Daisey only admitted to changing things after being called out; then he admitted to lies
PRAYING makes it through this round on !!! Jamar, you're amazeballs! Milwaukee loves you!!!
RT : Were in NYC this whole week. If your in the area and want to build with us! Get at
I predict an early spring, so I shaved my beard off! Take that, groundhog.
"Keep your face to the sunshine and you will not see the shadows".
The best thing about Baton Rouge is that you can almost always hear the wistful, plaintive moan of a train whistle in the background.
Back in Cali, Back to the Grind...
Tebow's a BEAST!
RIP Casey Blake's awesome beard.
did you know that ganoderma licidum is an adaptogen must have a normalizing effect, that counteracts such disturbances?
your free-trade ideas are great! Think you should absolutely incorporate them to your class ideas!
2nd period is suppose to be Science. Instead its a room filled with kids copying one kids homework for math class next period.
#meet1Dwithroz wanna know how to make this directioner smile ? If you pick her to win those tickets(:
Mark Zuckerberg is now officially my 2nd friend on Google+... lol
How can some Lowes employees that are coming to Bristol meet Jimmie? We are from the store that finished 2nd in store cup!
Back at home been out allday...tired...
I got my belly button done today!:)
If it is anything like the comics, you come back no matter what.
we cango too her
Server's down for maintenance at 3:45 CST?
FINALLY ! It's about time you joined ;)
All I ask for is to talk for 15 mins before she goes to work. And out of 2+ hours she can't make room for me.
Eye candy galore, solid flick! RT : Damn the Avengers was all that!
Your So LUCKY! Omg i live so far way from the ICONic Boyz it SUCKS!):
'the wanted suck' me: bitch I'd kill you but I'm totally against animal cruelty.
oh no. Clear the roads everyone.
EVERYBODY KNOWS IM A MOTHERFUCKIN MONSTER.
for all your promo needs email us tyapromotionsandconsulting we have build your own affordable packages.
Destroy what destroys you
no meeting tonight!
Sounds like the perfect day! See you soon!
Moving right along on my to do list.
lmao! Maybe she can get caddy tatted on her arm ha!
Oh Your tweets make my day!
AH!!! SO EXCITING!! I can't wait! We love you Peyton and always will be reppin 21. :)
I wish my best friend would answer her phone when I need her to the most.
We have a Bobbitt winner. with #9INCHESshorter fyi Stop by for your prize.
just did. thanks!
Rage Against The Machine has always been my energy band. It's sort of rap-metal.
“: Need to read up to Luke 14 so that me and my honey can finish reading Luke together....” get it in love, I'm on 16 ,17-18 tmr
Best in Show.
will miss you both
Its not unlikely for you visit Austin! Follow the Austin PC Twitter!
Nothing beats Madison in the summer, too much fun.
Sometimes I want a dislike option on the facebook status feed
have fun with your family. I'll talk to you later. love you.
Heey I Was Just Wondering If Everyone Can See this tweet . I'm testing something out .
I agree with this, but I prefer LC to Dewey. :)
Clint Eastwood for president. Detroit for America's Most Promising City. (tm) Good job
Every guy on the Bachelorette looks like they are going to feel up this broad every time they go in for a hug.
Hope everyone is ok.
great day for a long run.
ThermoEnergy Issues Clean Coal Technology Reminder for Earth Day - MarketWatch (press release)
Texas Librarians: K-12 databases or Britannica if you had to make a choice?
@#%? Yes somethings are too good , to be true.%$#@
Block party on our street in Maryland. Having too much fun. Wonderful neighbors and the best food ever and i did not have to do a lot...:)
Not tired..
Remember: that's not ME in the bathroom.
Ayee Swagg! I just started on the book Yesterday & I'm done already! That book was good A'f . OML #TheSimpleGift!
Side note: Thanks to overhearing my wife, my three year old tells me that she's "having female problems." Um.. OK?
I've got a beef with the housing market
Love your book "Metabolic Efficiency Training" - you say to avoid whole grains in prep, are we trying to avoid glycemic load?
Awake at this time bc i cant breathe. I hate being sick :( & work meeting at 2 might as well kill me now.
45 and sunny in Jan makes no sense, but i'll take it.
Got the experience wii game last night...omg so fun!! And what a workout lol
A thousand boys would tell her that shes beautiful, but it doesn't mean anything unless its from "HIM"
When your crush doesn't post that many pictures of himself on Facebook
Why are your tweets protected?
(Sorry for language, I am kind of irritated.)
I am following you!:)
Our membership drive is going well as we canvass the Broad Ripple area to renew membership dues, 10 volunteers from 8 posts.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I hate You
My son Kamashae is Polo down to the socks.
Here to change the game!
PizzaMan don't come round here no more #FavMovieQuotes # BebesKids
PS. Nothing odd ever happens in real life. Send me to the Fringe unit or the "Island" ASAP.
. There are a number of ways to cheat the program. And through earnest convos w/ readers, I've heard them all.
15 more wins to go.
So today was hectic. Such a Rollor coaster of emotions. I was exited,disappointed,sad,happy,and sick all in one day. I'm glad I'm better now
fuck was D. Wade on
how do you say "who" in spanish?
can't wait to see you again tomorrow! Will only be able to stay for 30 mins, but at least it's something :)
Ménage has arrived...
that awkard moment when your trapped in the corner of your shower because the cold water came out"
I know dude l: where've you been?! Haha you use to come over like every weekend.
Love is like the wind you can feel it but you can't see it
Kevin Plank makes alot more than 500k and he has created a few jobs in the last few years. Especially in this town.
A serious relationship would be nice. I'm tired of this bullshit.
Yeah, it's confusing.
#WeWontWorkOutIf you're not down with RT
ABC's of the Portland Spirit; E is for Executive Chef Shawn Smith. With the company since 2004, he does some amazing things in our galleys!
love you too sister!!! :)
Waving back at Your name has been mentioned by multiple speakers at Books in Browsers.
Oh fo sho. You? RT I'll ponder. You going to tomorrow evening?
See you there!!!
The movie rip i did with the guys of King Kong 1933 is live right now - I go live in 20 minutes, I want you all there too. -- ZenLive.tv
Dear sleep, you're mine!!
Hope to see you today for lunch...Main Street Public Parking Lot, Greenwood...
Yes, I did technically steal an extra coffee when the barista made a mistake. Yes, I am too tired to feel bad about it.
My niece is the cutest :)
Team Side Boob. # the voice
communicated w another student, Priscilla, via email, Twitter re movies, teaching practice
I heard about these incident but now I saw it and heard first hand from the mouth of victims. So sad.
G'mornin u. I know it's kinda late but I'm just waking up. Read ur tweet. Felt the need to say: YES GOD IS GREAT! :)
On a plane in Kansas City. Woof.
I better check it out then. Maybe tomorrow.
So, Reebok doesn't make booty shorts for dudes. I think that's sexist.
Thank you to for having us on the today! It was a great time!
Drunk people talking, texting, heckling, sleeping, yawning and staring at my balls...lol
Set my accounts to follow each other, and twitter sent me a notifcation of such. Gosh i feel vain now lol
lies!!!!! Told on twitter!!!
My assignment was to respond in 25-30 words. Good thing I'd had practice tweeting.
RT : hey do u ever have a #cstweetup during the day? :0( Another good idea=)
nigga.....I see you getting something poppin off lol
Jesse was quoted as saying, "Holder? I did much more than that!"
Oh well, must vacate by June 1. Will no longer be in Milw :-(
Are they winning??? RT : Woo Hooooooooooooooo.
maybe like one or two how many u got so far?
I ONLY GOT JOES NUMBER LOL
Come and see XA.net's CEO Rob Leathern speak at the AllFacebook Expo (#afexpo) in San Francisco tomorrow!
Must say, synching my Android (Desire) w/ MacBook remains a massive headache, even after buying $40 synchmate
Yo wats up with fuelTV not showing UFC live today? Got surfing on instead
Check out the Style Savvy blog for some really great gift ideas for this holiday season!
I'm hoping that mother nature is just saving the warm weather for next week.
Karma's only a bitch if you are.
I am trying :) How is everything with you my friend? You still got snow out there?
ha. i just saw that we're having the same problem. must be something in the air... :)
and they are wonderous!
I cannot wait to see october 1 I love you guys so much this will be my first time seeing you!
Busting 's Chipotle cherry...
No way, we only have one payment left on our car loan too, wild!
Plus J.R. is dancing with some kind of tail pinned on him, which is awesome.
Unfortunately, injuries are part of sports.
First day in the kitchen at Coast in Santa Barbara... Anybody in the area should come by, got some specials in the works for dinner
Heck yeah! Had so much fun with you guys!
Hey bro hit me with a DM I've had some new dope ideas for blasfome
k. But no forrreeaall
madison. if you see this tweet me. "i love food."
Georgous day for roadtrip to Philly
“: Just finished shooting a beautiful wedding at the Beautiful facility.” Thanks Scott!
It really chapps me when people in ministry exploit their station.
Marc D says "Rhythm is last great Frontier"
X followers 2X following 4X tweets. Always been like this on #twitter for me.
actually I think she is desperately trying to hold on to her dentures!
Jazz vocalist Cynthia Lane will be featured performer at the #Stutz Open House. Find her on 1st floor Fri night and Sat afternoon
hahaha mrs. Morgans class!!
#myfavoriteartist is ... Justin Bieber. DUH! What kind of question is that? He's the best!!! :)
bwahahaha! I like that idea!
Wait going to LA?!
YUM! Can we make this?!
there's one near the airport. :)
Very tough loss for #RedSox this afternoon at Fenway as Bard has another outing where he cannot seem to find the plate. Jays win 5-4.
If baseball ever goes to full instant replay review, it might look something like the #Clemens trial. Lots of objections and conferences.
Cool, thanks!
I do all my hardware dev (Eagle, avr-FCC tool chain) on Ubuntu, very happy with it. Try a Virtualbox of it maybe?
Shoutout to #HouseofTruth SBP and #HouseofTruth winner of the business award. Holla and Maria. #obviously the best house.
no Leslie hall photos? Sparkle? Sweaters?
YES!!! Don't forget! RT When Vinnie gets in, and wanna take a picture with him.
I'm still collecting +K for whisky. :D
Ah i'm sick too.
Good one!
yay! I never get sick of it!
Wish I could be laying out
Order dinner tonight! We deliver! We are on
It can't be possible to be labeled sane, because this worlds sanity is far from firm. The ground is weak, and the steps are heavier.
Wonder how many folks on the Alaska Seattle --> Austin fligth are actually heading to #SXSWedu?
#np 'Dog days are over' Florence + The Machine
PoliticsPlaza thanks for following me on Twitter!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles nothing to lose...because she was nothing to lose
Great pic! Thanks for spending time with us yesterday! May I RT?
Unfortunately I never left home base. I couldn't make it to Dallas, just keeping in touch from the Twitter sidelines :-(
Cake for mom baked and iced. Doesn't exactly look like I thought it would, but hoping she likes it.
Hopefully Notices me , i reaalllllly hope i get a followback from him <3 Follow Me austin ,(: please . #MAHOMIEforever <33 (:
Tonight, I'm 11.
Joe Hite tonight! Show starts at 9pm - Get down here and enjoy some great cocktails while Joe Hite rocks out on keys!
Age is not important unless you're a cheese. Helen Hayes
another phone interview today for a job in Michigan. please say a prayer for me and/or send "hiring" vibes my way :)
I don't owe you anything!
Hi, Máirtín. Thanks for signing up. If you come to the Summit in June, I'll personalize it for you. ;-)
- You know that lead actress is from The 'Ville? Still need to catch that movie myself.
Almost to 400 followers my goal is to get to 1000 followers
University archivist gave me the green light to pin and post many of our historical photos. Such a rich source of content!
So many swamp donkeys at this school it's
Oh, your wonderful flaxen hair...
come back to Indy!!! Maybe for the 500!!! Indy misses you!
I washed my truck yesterday so for the next few days, 504lady will drive around puddles on the road. #jussayin you have been warned. LOL
I'm addicted to tic tacs....
Can't stop taking pictures
Since its too late to start my hair.....movies! ^__^
i didn't lol but my major is Urban & Regional Planning
tonight was a lonely night. watched a movie all alone and now listening to music in my room all alone. i guess today's hate Kaelyn day.
Fun fact: Peter Weller is wearing Sally Jessie Raphael's glasses in Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension.
Chad potato
43 - 27 as Tata takes lead over Natasha, Natasha is furious and is all over her
Drinking Bridgeport Haymakers in the heat of the night. My apt is like the set of a post-apocalyptic sci-fi desert movie right now.
Working on so many projects simultaneously!
I want to get into hula hooping again and craft more in 2012. Just got a glue gun last night so I'm off to a good start
Happy Birthday
And now that I tweeted the word 'bankruptcy', I'll sit back and wait for the deluge of bankruptcy-related twitter spam.
Great night
Interesting observation - for every 15+ apple products I see (iPads, MacBooks...), I'm only seeing 5 or so Windows-based machines
Waiting for #Ghost Adventures tonight... Who's with me <3
Big fun with the Deep Blue Organ Trio. Thanks Boston and Sculler's Jazz Club! Next stop: Cecil's in West Orange, NJ.
The black guy always dies first, the red shirts always die first. The exception to these rules......Fat Albert.
#girlbyenotwiththem tarnished ass wanna be Tiffany bracelets
tweeted 23 mins ago must have been some party in big D. Also he is going to resign his big 3... b. Cardinal and Mahini
thanks, man
I'm not doing much of anything. Just chillin. Dozed off for a minute.
yet still 1 short of my magic music rule of 3
Donna summer was the bitch of the 70S, when she sang everyone shook their asses.
I feel like Im dying$!!'n
hang on. Change is in the air.
Still not out of bed.. Whatever.
DIVORCE, BANRUPTCY, EVICTION, Marriages Wills, Visitation Name Change Child Support CALL US NOW (727) 474 9988
RT #Cancer seems to have two personalities. One is very outgoing, funny and quirky. The other is shy, moody and antisocial.
1st Jock Strap was used in baseball in 1874. First helmet was used in 1934. It took men 60 years to realize that the brain was important too
My day is ruined...thanks for sharing the bad news.
Thanks for the retweet! Natural always taste better!
Yo twitter yall show some love and support to my bro follow him, tweet him
Back at the office after a very eventful February Biz Kid$ Camp
Where is my fiancé ???
I hate waking up from a nap with a headache #ouch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! Sorry it's two days late!
Turns out that I'm an Under-Steeper. When it says to steep the tea for 3 minutes, I generally prefer 30 seconds. Have I been missing out?
Also, "the doctor gave me a pill and I grew a new kidney!"
Live the life you DESERVE...www.millionaireminds.org
I'm really really dying to know who was at George Clooney's house with the President.
when you gonna bring the "eye spot" back every time you drill that #threeball?
Haven't been on Twitter in forever.. BOY have they changed alot.. Hope to see less drama then I did over on Facebook? G'day Y'all
we BELIEVE in spreading a POSITIVE message 1 tshirt at a time
Day 1: in Albany, NY and heading west. Hope to make Cleveland or Columbus...
bring some to Madison!! I would loves me some cake right now!! No fork needed!! Lol
people so stupid...
National recall: With continued disappointing jobs numbers and 8-plus% unemployment, some in WI wondering whether #Obama should be recalled.
I love my job! What could be better than seeing people overcome , change & grow?
Just bought Karmin's new album on iTunes. Hm......
Are you guys ever going to talk about Major League Baseball?
i no im weird dats y im unique XD
I wish I could just drop everything and not care. But I can't. <U+E40E>
My husband missed his exit and is now stuck in that traffic! Poor guy. I hope the driver is okay though!!!
Thanks for passing along! Feel free to tweet anything soccer related my way, much appreciated.
by baci cafe area and verizon u know what i mean, i see the nathans now
Wrestlemania tonight at the Knight's of Columbus $10 includes tap beer soda and hot ham doors open 430pm matches start 6pm 732 badger ave SM
“: Mumford & Sons fans. Check out the cover of Awake My Soul performed at 's Easter services! centralonline.tv”
drupal7 with sqlite3. Who knew it could be so dreamy?
Hoes need to go loiter somewhere else other than the water tower....knowing damn well they only had enough money for a one day
Give your heart a break
oh... a man after my own heart... singing let's get married. :~) our first dance can be "Born To Make U Happy"
RT : here's to the kids who lawl. whatever that is.
Opting for just Organic food..Practicing home gardening. Its tough though but still the benefits are encouraging me..Care for our Planet!!
“: #ThingsIReallyCantStand tardiness <f0><U+009F><U+0095><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0095><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0095><U+0095><f0><U+009F><U+0095><U+0098>” Our lives...
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
heh. I already had Coldstone Creamery before The Hunger Games. Was quite good. #ironic :-)
Hehehe I know!! That's what happens when you oversee four twitter accounts! I'm back
it is the truth...
I will forever be grateful for Whitney Houston's moving 1991 Super Bowl rendition of "The Star Spangled Banner", amid the first Gulf War.
Good looks my nigga #wme RT : S/o to the homie for making another hit
MPD out in force stopping Cinco de Mayo drunk drivers. :)
From the 2007 book Playing for Paterno (page 86): "He sees a problem and he seeks to eradicate it -- permanently".
Bay Area RT : Need stringer in El Granada, CA to record audio interview on Wed. Pls send leads my way! cc
#IvyTech can provide you with graduates with updated skills and great attitudes. Call us! sent us #ccid2012. 001260255661
Glad to hear~ Good Job! :) RT nope. Stayed strong. But it was HARD!
enjoyed the Madison&Mistletoe party lastnight!!
How dare you post of snow with your doors closed! It's hard enough as it is
It was so quiet in my neighborhood when the Bay Bridge was closed. Too bad there's no way a shutdown is possible. Maybe I should move?
mike auntie rosa and lauren said hello..they miss u.
Do you have any height adjustable desks that can do both sitting and standing heights?
vs belmont postponed until Noon Sunday! Will complete current game and Game 3 of series will be 7 inning affair!
I was gonna salvage my friendship, but then I got high. :(
how much would the #Packers save in cap room if Hawk was released?
Anyone out there know of a short video clip (around 5min) about Adolf Eichmann and trial?
nothing. Doesn't matter.
PLEASE DO A TWITCAM.! I LOVE YU LIAM<3
": Is your ball sack ready for the realities of life? Take a sniff and answer that question yourself"
- Peter, would love 5 minutes of your time to discuss our Autism program and technology.
... don't be bugging me during my show!
Thanks for the RT's!!
Thanks to and for the giftcards for #smallbizsat!
Back in the coliseum. Kinda excited
Well, if Caroline would stand with Robert on the issue of Autism & vaccine injuries, maybe THEN Autistics could get justice
But you were awesome in Congo!
learn about media relations tonight with reporter ! CMU 126 @ 7pm!
go fly ;) lol
any interest in watching the games tomorrow evening? Maybe kickback jacks?
correctly pick the first five draft picks and the last pick in the second round.
#UX Why governance? User experience, risk, competition, innovation. RT
We can't wait for the #NFLdraft tonight! Two followers won a #ColtsDocsVIP table tonight ! Have fun & !
Im feeling very flirtatious
Come Visit your Favorite Mexican (ME) for Cinco De Mayo!! I'll be at ALW all day! xoxo,B
my. lips. burn!
What is going on with the #badgers? Someone please explain...
The Yankees want pitching and say they will speak to C.J. Wilson
And ps. I used to rock at Carmen San Diego
im good how are you
Today is a special day for all Latin Mothers. Feliz día de la madres, mami I Love You. Can't picture my life without you(:
Thanks for having me! It was a wonderful event.
You know what really pisses me off...people asking why I have a penguin
My brother's friend was flirting with me today. Are you serious bro?! Do u wanna get slapped!!!!!?
cuz he crazy as hell!
Wow! RT “: Patriots will hold a press conference Mon @ 10:30am ET to officially announce Matt Light's retirement
Yay! RT : Braving the wind and biking to for this week's first Lunch N Learn with and !
Nice! Loved your feature in Elle Decor, btw! I'm glad you kept those hanging star lights!
Percussive maintenance is always an option.
u kno that ms werd can save as htlm, rite?
Rats in the front room, roaches in the back. Junkies in the alley with a baseball bat.
5 TD games are a dime a dozen. 4 HR games aren't. Would you applaud a perfect game?
I have no idea where this bookmark on my phone for #Bing came from, but I am displeased.
um,,, really..? id rather beat my head into a wall..
you know how i do..smoked out in tha studio
I'd #LoseControl with because they never wanted to lose me..
please follow back please
I refuse to look at trending topics. Every time someone does a brain cell dies.
I've read the Constitution & nowhere does it state that rights derive from the govt. Read the preamble
well thank u twomie
4 followers now gaining popularity yo!
Teix w a double!!
Have a blast and break a leg!!
thx guys! Love my 'walks!
Just saw one of the funniest and possibly most important theater production of the year Nights is a must see.
Waiting rooms = loads-o-fun
Hi PLN, headed to Homegrown for lunch. All welcome.
At some point between now and 9:39am tomorrow, I will get two consecutive hours of sleep!
just finished walking the dog, fixin to get started this day. Busy day today. No sweat
and its crazy because they act like I can't see, hear, read, or find them.
sounds like a good day! And I agree with Wardog on the screen saver haha! :)
Good call, Evan! Star bar.
Welcome back to campus students!
My baby is cutee (': & it barley criess .
I can't make you love me, want me, or understand me. All I can do is hope that someday, you will.
Bill Lamineer is on the NBA channel. cc:
Third witness for defunding PP claims: "There are so many people waiting to adopt." There are also far more children waiting to be adopted.
When u let ur friend down <<<<<
good to hear..... Let's finish business. “: yes. I'm back in the studio... Back to work finally!”
Np Clipse IM GOOD this song really makes me feel good
Quite Welcome Lady M. how was thy slumber?
I'm going out on a limb here guessing it was not from a .edu address haha.
just getting in the house
Time to ditch the razor n grow the beard out - deer seasons almost here!
Average pay raise when an employee is recruited away is 5%. Kinda makes you wonder if they're running away from you.
i fuckin hate him.
Club sirius tonight no cover21+ welcome! In the heat of downtown SA! Ill be live in the mix all night!
Ford escapes are amazing on gas if you get the hybrid. Coreys stepdad has one.
I'll take that as a compliment. I think?
I hate mascara commerials that use fake eyelashes - false advertising!
Thanks Amy for sharing Rachel's #WalkingDead blog with your followers!
I'll vote for y'all:) I wish I could go to c the bands that would be the best thing ever
#ASPChicago12 Thanks for the ASP recognition of the #Kennametal strategic planning process
Just went to and though they say they close @ 3 am we were denied service at 2:45 am...um then why say u close @ 3???
Love getting feed back from you guys about our posts and interviews!
Relaxing...... Just finished up reading rich dad,poor dad. GREAT BOOK!!!!
Lead Maiden
I don't like being led on, lied to, confused, none of that. just tell me how it is from the beginning.
I will stab someone if Johnny and Camila win.
#Moore, You Suck; #Moore, Bite Me. 2d & 3rd urban fantasy vampire comedy series set in SF. LOL popcorn reading, complete with turkey bowling
Alan Kay #NITLE talk: Is computing a liberal art? Does it bring wisdom?
Last day tomorrow, then it's Spring Break!!! I hope "this" goes well! Last thing I need is a big fat C on my grade
We are at 176 likes!!! WOOHOO! The 200th like gets a FREE copy of "Children's Songs for Therapy"! And.....go!
If you are purchasing a pre-owned vehicle try to purchase one that is certified
You guys are terrible at selling the AC series to someone. :)
hi I haven't talked to you in a long time
The Watcher!! lol
your singing is great, & you're gorgeous. :)
There is no way I would drive 967 Miles for a two dollar taco
I'm not sure but it better be soon haha
Going to head out and see my friends over and before the weather changes it's mind and goes back to 100
Please let us know if you would like some help shortening the titles so that it fits better.
I completely agree with you; just rationalizing the Brown's decision. I wasn't high on Blackmon at 4 either.
Fact: Condoms are cheaper than diapers.
A Junior Is Taking You To Prom!?
do I know you?
Thank you very much for the reciprocity.
I just finished taking 's Smartypants quiz. That was a tough one. Fibonacci series anyone?
Where ya at
I dont want converse . Why ?. I hate them ;(
it does! It was intense
are you going to go see BATTLESHIP today? :)
Jesus & Mary Chain definitely the right music for right now.
Love this! RT : !!! RT : I want to show that #cancer doesn't RUN my life, I RUN my life
My bike odometer really let me down
Got accepted into the national junior honor society
Hey fans, join me at Pietros Pizza in Milwaukie from 5:30-7:30 this evening as I'll be giving away tickets to Weds game!
S/O #JNC visionaries
Dittor! RT : Looking forward to tomorrow night hanging out with !
Need some help promoting the dishcrawl debut in San Diego, can you please provide an email to send more info. Thank you
Hey, follow this webseries That's the one #Terry Kiser is in.
I confes I've had a change of heart about #Windows7. Much faster than Vista and XP. The new taskbar rocks. Best Microsoft OS yet.
I have too<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Shout to the grown men with swag cause they live with they mama so they pay no bills
My privilege and pleasure to join and at
Hoping that one of the players I coached, Aaron Williams, gets drafted in the 1st round tonight!
Hoping to see tomorrow happy hour, Delirium-Back Room, 630-9p! <3
got another question that i need answered will you just speak to me? XD is there a summer tour being planned?
having to do 102 global questions sucks
If I can make another one then sure :)
"On to Albuquerque!" - Fred Mertz.
I love ya ! Kiss mehh under de mistletoe
$3 PBR silos and FLOOG providing the music tonight. It just doesn’t get any better than this!
Thanks, Nancy! Many people also don't realize I invented the line "a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush."
its hard as a man but i know i can
took the words right out of my mouth
People getting heated in business ethics today!
Awesome! Gabby play it?
Homework time .
This guy will NOT stop texting me -.-
Cuz he can't make up his mind we broke up and now where back together
6. "I believe I've been bamboozled."
Well I'm going to take a shower then do home work then sleep..... -___________- wish I could watch #Glee doe.....
F*ck moguls. I want to see more mastery.
You will be happily surprised by a long time friend!
An empty lot on a gray breezy day, swing-set w/one swing slightly rocking & 1 clown singing sotto "Ring-Around-the-Rosey"
I'm on it. There are about 5 of us who sit in overflow. Thanks.
How did you manage that?
This could be Diana's last straw on the
Thanks so much for the shout-out,
Just realize that I'm not gone find someone to love me
is gearing up for his first patient! Ready to rock!
"I didnt even do anything abby did everything. I'm just dirty and sticky."
Team Cash & Prizes vs Team Twat
Thanks for the great question. Currently we have Selmer oboes, for rent & purchase options
I think in the end the tablet makes sense for limiting costs/space on the amount of books I need to read per semester.
If that's how they gonna do it the boyz should of won Last season too.
Sometimes I'm glad I wasn't born into a world with Internet. Of course I'm sure ppl thought the same about being born before electricity
i cnt tell you, everything is alright!
I don't follow eggs sorry to the eggs out there!! :)
I need more walmart buddies....
NO birthday weekend. :(
A very long earthquake indeed.
It's ugly outside <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
is he driving a hybridzz... Burning some gas!
LOL....love it!!! I just saw your tweet! I miss you!! :)
yah...only female on the cover of slam? But like all women, shot from her waist and flicked it
The US supreme court has denied a petition to hear a nyc rent regulation case.
We need to start on the note (:
I highly recommend Steny's...they run 2 small shuttles & a bus and go in via Canal St, so no delay getting there.
How's Louisiana legislature going to ask the NFL to reconsider it's bans on the Saints? lmao. No bro. No.
Welcome. Just so you know, there are at least 100 places to dump a body just in Baltimore.
Great point : RT : RT : putting the big rocks in first!
Oh just in case you're not keeping track of the amazing writing spree: I've cranked out over 3,000 words in the last 3 days. I AM THE WOMAN!
come say hi! back between the 2 bars in the main room.
follow for updates on Virginia Tech shooting and lock down.
Tomorrow night: nothing but Mexican.
"Never rush into falling in love, because love never runs out Let love be the one 2 knock at yo door. Besides true love is worth waiting for
Everyone and their mother is here
Make up your mind or I will do it for you
And the same to you, sis!
Had a good day today with Alia, , and Ariel. Even though no shit was planned whatsoever...
i wonder what my grandma doing!
No secrets in houston for silymi oh well
Yep, I know he's my Pick To Click tonight :)
Appreciate the update on the Debt Limit that you were supposed to be providing via DC this week.
Yes, I we will bring the song, "Where everybody knows your name!" We're half cover, half Irish & all attitude!
Upcoming Pinball Show - Looking forward to the show in a few weeks. Many Portlanders coming down for it.
Are those donkeys?
Learning about some of the cool projects from at lunch. Very cool. Big props to
This sunrise with would be a lot more romantic had we not also seen the sun go down and been stranded for the last 6 hours.
Just keep living your life and they can keep wasting time hating on you
I love being a teacher, but hate grading papers and US history. Yawn.
He is all I need, He is always there, He is my everything, He is GOD. #reasonstosayamen<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
magic mushroom X)
The wicked man flees though no one pursues, but the righteous are as bold as a lion.
The stadium looks nice. I bet they don't server Boulevard though.
It was way too high-concept for us. We were lost.
It's a busy week, but I'm pretty sure I'll be able to make it tomorrow night. Excited to see who all comes to the table!
Today I just got the joke: why was 6 afraid of 7? 7 ATE 9
you sound goofy
Agreed, again. lol.
Get up and move around, don't risk your health from inactivity. And you just might have some fun while you're doing it too!
Flying. I don't think I could survive a drive... Already too anxious.
i miss youu!
Plants are living food, animals are dead food.
.U r coming to the Honey Child Event tonight at Aventura Mall right?!!!!
Keep it going !!
9000 people are having sex right now, 2000 are kissing, 100 are getting head & you.... are reading this.
we still haven't seen any for CATS, but at this point, we'll be sure to let you know as soon as we do!
<U+2764>IM GOING TO OCEAN CITY <U+2764>
My #archivarioke plot is working to perfection
It's been said that if you want to write you should have something to say ... what will you say today?
too late, already paid for the lumia.
that is good!!!! ty for adding me :)
Map house is FUNK HOUSE tonight.
ppl love the lotto more, that gets more love than blk on blk crime. if I win I will spent it all to stop blk on blk crime
Good morning all. All I have to say is the #Devils suck. Let's Go #Rangers!!!!
Good Morning Twittheads :-)
those are much better odds then the #swtor beta! Go
"space to take care of oneself" amen! I also believe organizations need to take care of their employees
now following (:
yeah, that's pretty weird, i bet they all saw the movie Terri...
discusses PressForward as "catching the good" rather than filtering the bad
anytime homie! How much are t shirts? There's nothing like free advertisement.
The only thing I like more than my wife is my money, and I'm not about to lose that to her and her lawyers, that's for damn sure.
I'm not a stalker ... by the way you no longer have milk. xD
Thanks Anna! You and are invited to any future "company outings" (think beer).
Happy Sunday! On my way to the Riverdale MD Arts Fest ...hoping the sun keeps shinning
And the invasion of college graduation lunches/dinners in the north end has begun
i burnt my tongue.
Getting sick of 553498952223590 facebook app updates
And by "phenomenal," means that there was Mexican food and MUCH conversation re: Elaine Stritch. So.
We are looking for a shuttle to the moon. Or at least gearing up for the fall. Booking shows left and right. Busy months ahead!
He was always picked first for class president
totally had a dream last night that i hooked up with channing tatum... i think my brain is on drugs.
"Guys and Gals of Broadway" kicks of with a panel discussion with workshop presenters.
WHEN I GET TO 13,700...... ILL SHUT UP.
Brittney loves the SUPER MOON.
One of those will lead to the other, eventually.
Are you in the Midwest these days? If so, come visit Chicago! You could eat well and drink very well at my restaurant, Moto.
hey I'm from TN too so Waz up and Ur rite I hope people quit spreading rumors bout people
I am beginning to believe the phrase 'No rest for the wicked' is actually true.
Just finished baking 3 red velvet cakes for delivery. Love to see pics of your cheesecake. Always looking for great new recipes.
THAT BOY IS TOO PRETTY FOR MY EYES TO HANDLE
#FollowFreakyFriday some of my favorites are
Setting goals is the 1st step in turning the invisible into the visible. ~ Tony Robbins
indeed it is
I like when tweets "hella" LOL. so entertaining.
i like her short with Jordan 3's on her feet
You're def. right about that. There are hardly any cars.
Girl: what color are my eyes? Guy: 34D
pay for me as a birthday present :D my birthay is the 16th!
Forgiving student loan debt won't solve the problem. Students make a choice either way. Rather, we should focus upon systemic changes
Dont hate on corn flakes an red wine because you cant have it missy! I have been stressed and it calms my nerves!
you go see it and tell me what you thought <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Give Thanks For What You Learned Today, For Every Lesson Understood, Is Another Star In The Sky To Guide You Home.
Is it weird that I find James Franco attractive even though he's old as my mom?
RT Real men don't wear their pants under their ass to show their boxers
here I are! You follow some good stuff!!
you're not alone, even in HHs under $30k/year smartphone adoption is ~20% (more if you're under age 35 or so)
The JoeMobile will be back downtown Tues- Fri this week serving hot, fresh italian gourmet
can you follow me back please? :)
my mom doesn't usually watch ABDC but I forced her to watch your performance last night & she thought it was great<3
Hey, got anything in the works for 8/7/10? Johnny Cakes will be in town for a TV appearance on 8/8 and is looking for a show.
pittsburgh pa...you?
Hanging @ Organic Theater's event From the Ground Up, Pgh Artistic Directors & Playwrights face off in Play Slam format to foster new works!
Thank you to each person who has served in the military for being willing to lay down your life on my behalf. I honor you today.
I know I'm gonna cry like the bitch I am during next week's Desperate Housewives :-(
derby day
Received a physical paper letter from #Google about a Google service.
finally....It felt like #Adium 1.5 had been in beta forever!
"I'm insecure about my appearance" - Zayn
No doubt! Let me peep that joint
Thanks to Anna DeLoi (harp) and Nash Ryder (violin) for their lovely performance of my music.
It's official, my 12 wk old daughter digs , love it!
because Racine Horlick won a contest for a private concert
yeah I changed it ^_^
Re: HW/learning? Is there a school or Parent-Tchr Assoc or student gov't policy concerning homework?
Excellent. My wife's from DC & I've always enjoyed visiting. Not sure how long I'll be in Austin but enjoying it while it lasts.
about 25% of guys do this when asking a girl out on a date via their cell phone what is it?
RT Aspy71 Luv it when an investment works. I made an investment December 23rd and doubled my money the other day when I sold it.
thanks for the RT! Thesis = treasure hunt!
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Mentadent Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
“: “: Why doesn't my family eat dinner anymore?” // #makeyourselfadangquesadilla” or my man #Mario could #elpaso <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
double digit attendance for #whymentor with come on over and join us.
Oh, yes. And a boat ride. Hope you're having a good day, too.
haha yeah Idk how I lasted this long
First impressions of STL vs. LAK series-- winner advances to the Finals. Good chance that team wins it, too.
Super Jealous.
Rudy Gay is the more talented man's Vince Carter.
#HappyBirthdayMadison why won't this trend?
"End motorist aid and call boxes" = #floriduh no man's land.... If you don't hear from me, you know what to do...
I'm just now seeing this. Great to run into you too!
Back to the grind tweeps...LETS GO
The (VW) dog losing weight so he can chase after the car
Bulls fans hollin even though they got basically the same team they had last year & lost in da playoffs to the same team lol. smh
Yes it was really good. I'm currently reading Hound of the Baskervilles so I'll finish it before next week's episode.
When I started getting sick I was still tweeting- but then the app I was using said tweet sent but it didn't send them- continued next tweet
PlanB always gets me in a good mood
An estimated 46 million adults in the US have doctor diagnosed arthritis, like rheumatoid, osteo, lupus, gout or fibromyalgia.
John at may be the best server in the city. Been there 3 times now and it just keeps getting better.
Ron Paul will be on tomorrow night. This will probably be the best "debate" we'll see in the next year.
Quote of the day goes to Tayler Payne.
now THAT is hilarious!
Good morning fans! Got your iPod cranked today?! What's on the playlist?
RT : Indonesia calls for Partnerships for courseware development, research collaboration, credit transfer, professorships
: Chicago west suburb. You're not coming to Printers Row in June by any chance, are you?
u going tonight??
I'll bet that phone doesn't even have the option to turn on the ringer. Vibrate only.
There was a missing persons report filed for Gallo
Watching #RHOC the dangers of alcohol can someone tell Sarah to
My mom hates me. >:(
go follow .
Have a great weekend! :) RT ": thanks for yesterday #FF way appreciated! ;)"
Still on the road
On a related note, anyone near UCLA or in Santa Monica (or NoHo) have a lab coat I can snag real quick?
why he give his number phone for me??? I really don't know him.............haha
#Lids has great caps got a new 59 fifty NYYankees with the fur cap
they still sound sexy! ;)
Why am I still up knowing I have to be up early.
Yes! I understand. They are both big :-) I just had another owner out of work wanting to sell. He has had it for maybe 6 mths. 7500
i love #google doodles, but today's is really, really irritating.
Preparing for the AFA Annual Meeting.
Oh, you're so welcome. And thanks again: really needed something like that this week.
cant wait till i get home and can get a job to buy a drum kit
To be with you & only you, forever #ThatsWhatIWant but then I remember that's what I can't have..
: Today is my last day ever to play with ... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
hm i didnt even notice the earthquake. I guess I was so engrossed in tutorial creation....
it's beginning now. U in town?
I'll ask you to take a glance & see if it's worth it once I wrap getting the dust swept, lol. :D
#21CRadio Q6 What apps do you think are most beneficial to artists for getting their music heard?
I might be having a bad hair day but that's not gonna stop me from having a great show w/ Chris Garneau & Mananaland at Soda Bar tonight!
That's sexy!
no doubt
Photogenic, Don't think u can take a bad shot. Like the redish scarf. Who's your photographer?
Thank you! Are you gonna be at our show on April 13th in Joliet?
Much love to our style agents stopping by the #momsFF Suite
That's what we'd like to know! Many mention the importance of saving friends, family, heirloom items. You?
. on polling #: "The younger the conservative, the more likely they’re either agnostic or supportive on...gay rights issues."
come to uc irvine!
Good morning ninjas! Great job this week working on the beginning of our new form.. thanks for your great focus this week!
so great to see so many of my #p2 friends and #socialmedia geeks live tweeting the #SOTU tonight! Keep up the great work!
I tempted to try and get into A7X just to see them live in June
I know I'm into it!
will do. Finishing up a new website. Will have it up today (I hope!)
MiF is now available at the Wachusett Artist Emporium in Holden, like their page for more information. Author signing on March 24.
OH for the love of god.
no I'm getting my outfit ready and stuff
seem to see all the suffering that goes on all around them. GOD BLESS u for trying to make a difference....!!
Great to hear that the USDA released strong, rational nutrition standards for school meals--even if french fries and pizza remain a staple!
I'm not the 1st to say it, but if Stafford can stay healthy he's capable of producing some major numbers
thanks for the RT
When you see something and actually stop to think about it (which you shouldn't do sometimes) you're scarred for life.
UNC. Hey, Bullock name is Rodney. Cool trivia. Nice 3 point shooter.
Time to break a few rules
can you please tweet princeton from a happy birthday ?
worked on 's show today.
i like that
#crew96 nation...youre going to LOVE the changes made to the stadium this off season. It looks amazing out there...
me too!
looking forward to working with you in a couple weeks with the !
#IfonlyIcould find a guy who'll love , care , & support me :)
okay day i guess.. got some cleaning done. pretty exhausted.
MBA student/working professional showed up in B-school before 9:00 this morning. No power at home; needed spot for a conference call. Done.
Reggie White. Did they make one for Nick Collins? Wearing his jersey seems fitting, consdering his departure.
All I know iz ur Gorgeous!
chances are, whenever I think "man why does that guy's voice sound so familiar" and I check imdb, the answer is "because KOTOR"
#Longgdayyyy tired night.xo
oh...easy peasey. :)
nah fuck that, sometimes it isnt even worth it tho
Can't sleep - decided to get up early and see who's on!
#BoosieTaughtMe Nothing; I Don't Even Know Who He Is...
Life is never easy for those who dream, and the people who don't dream just go through life when really, you need to grow from it.
66 butterflies done, 34 to go...
"Vagenda." Walter, you slay me.
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 16
okay we will hook up I know you are one of the hottest in htown
this is abt proper regard for customer & following through - company needs this regardless of social presence!
Number 1 goal is to be happy. After that...everything else will fall into place.
pastor in tx says only 4 or 5 people in his church donate. calls the rest 'devils'.
[Campus Bulletin] The next little punk who pinches one of us is getting suspended. Seriously people. Go back to stealing our Ts.
Great tour, wonderful students and an education that can't be beat. Congrats to all closing out another successful year.
Several of my friends who work downtown were told not to wear suits for fear that they might look like the 1%.
oh oh oh oh you know it boys!!!!!!!! :) thanks boys for helping me pick up all my pieces! much love boys!!! :)
And I definitely learned a lot from this one. Thanks for organizing.
Aloha!! RT Well you can tell by the way I use my walk I'm a woman's man.. no time to talk
That Alexa girl is so cute!!! :)
Watch live on #16WHAM this morning for information on tomorrow nights #IFALLOFROCH Scavenger Hunt.
and a bed
but dedicated.
Its too the point where i dont believe no nigga . In love wit my money instead.
it doesn't either
Can I get a RT for taking down 2 value meals from Culvers on my drive back from Indy today? ----> Yes, please explain the order.
I trust you're saying 'yikes' because you had to spend time in the land of Mitt?
I had 600 dollars on April 7th for my car, thanks to prom and other bullshit from school I have 300...
Thanks Kyle. That was near Tikishla Park.
Yes, we screwed up, we're leaving it open for another hour!
new at 11...convenience store robbery caught on tape and police believe same men have hit several stores. we'll tell you what they're after.
where youu live ?
my favorite person on twitter
can you check your DM please?
I haven't even been on twitter lately
y r chu in the hospital O.O
Yeah. I can't wait to begin volunteering here though. I miss being in a library. Even if it is just a couple hours a week. :)
that formula one is back on the TV .. Sunday's are for formula one
I bet he misses you.
A spot in the homerun derby with Mike Pelfrey as your pitcher. A guaranteed win!
“It’s not an adventure until something goes wrong” - Yvon Chouinard
planning and thinkin on st pats day
Modesty is not only an ornament, but also a guard to virtue.
From being in too many public mtgs I've learned that the ugly neon bike pin has given way to an ugly neon "JOBS" pin as a fashion statement.
CURSE THE FRENCH!
So I rate us on the basis of our splendid failure to do the impossible
": lmaooooooo that was not intended for you.....#shotdown" keep on simone...
Our time got away from us and I realized we didn't get where we needed. Sorry Jane. #
So happy for one direction <3
"10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Johnny Cash and Bob Hope. Today we have no Jobs, no Cash and no Hope."
My affection for her goes back to the sitcom version of "E/R".
I agree id like to see Hope in sporting Blue
#ificanthaveyou no one can
ah so tired
yup :3 does any celebrity follow you?
Santa Monica to Westwood in 11m flat. In rush hour. No traffic on the 405 or 10, what's going on LA???
hope you get better, sad to see you go down.
aw, and I think he could be cute. So congrats on being cute and not someone who promotes binge eating on TV for money ;)
in the arena of IP, as most others, Congress forced to compromise - see, e.g.
I'm tryin to be in shape by June 1st. Nevermind the "month-and-a-half" I told my co-worker before he left for vacation last Friday.
Karma takes too long. I'd rather just beat the crap out of you now.
thanks for keepin us in bizness! RT Happy National Library Week and thanks for all the amazing work you do!"
little? I don't understand! Could you tell about it ?
Platinum Partners Are Artists That Work Hard on their Music/etc that deserve to be recognized if you got what it takes shoot us a message
killer dress young lady!
Fighting the urge to unethically tweet during this ethics seminar.
Welcome new followers:
*pops my claritan* RT I'm starting to dislike the near death experience I go through every morning before I pop a Benadryl.
Brazil (1985), second time. First time on film. I bought the Criterion boxset way back in September 2006
Yeah, but the trick is taxi dumps you at Amtrak door on 8th. When I take the subway, I walk 8 mins inside Penn St.
And I mean that literally. RT : Would likewise love a glass (though I'm not much of a gentleman).
I really want one but I have a PS3, Xbox360, Tivo and Apple TV. I only saw one extra compartment.
Travel Channel is showing shark fishing - anyone ever done this before? lol Insane
ANSWER THE QUESTION!!!
HQ General Orders: “To prevent any false alarm, notice is given, that the Riffle Battalion will discharge their arms tomorrow at noon.”
In the 40s. What a beautiful day in Chicago
she's GOOD...still in culture shock tryin to adjust to the heat lol
RT : In last 6 games, Babbitt has hit 13 of last 19 attempts from three-point range. Somewhere, is saying "told you so"
Sick. & now I have to Gargal Slat Water & Drink Nasty Thermaflu Tea:(
Um we don't know what that means, Gabriel.
#cwebodymedia define key marketing strategy last, target market and product positioning first
Is there any concept or tradition in your culture that can be linked to the appreciation of older people and active ageing?
It revolves all around one person.
Sales of handset arm lifts Sweden&#39;s Ericsson in QI
what celeb do you think would marry me???
I'm at 3,920 tweets
cus you are the only exception
When your connection is too slow for instant, google tells you that you'll have to press enter to search. Never would've figured that out!
I will take the guys out for lunch and a few drinks
How's everyone's weekend going? I got the potato salad done and working on some peach cobbler!
so sorry for the spam tweets. let me know if it happens again! thanks for the heads-up,
"I did it" did what? "did it on it"
poor kid >.< especially in a room where im like ' idgaf shirts coming off' lol
Found out about a Technology & Mobility Symposium coming up in #KC soon @ POWER UP! & can't wait to get back to the office to tell everyone!
-He is the bad guy. Lines his pockets yr aftr yr, takes evry sub-500 season directly 2 the bank. He cares not about winning
chip added to the trouble
way to freaking go North Carolina.
Perhaps a mash-up: Bacon Innovators! I'm in, just let me know when.
Best birthday EVER!
It's me, Elkins. How are you doing, skinny girl? Looking forward to seeing you program next month...
more arrests second night(last night). Protesters assembled at plaza awaiting police action. No apparent arrests yet though.
Specifically--it's at the "Editors' Round Table."
GO KINGS GO
It had me pondering a follow-up to LA Noire set in 1975 and starring Jim Rockford. Make it happen, !
a pic if you want. Then he came over to make sure I got them haha and we kissed and sammie took my icon pic of us :)
"Forget about the business outlook,Be on the outlook for business."
I'm eating pasta but I'm craving for oatmeal raisin cookies D;
Thanks for stopping by!
I'm excited to join this band but I'm suck at playing Guitar so I got kicked out from the band-Gerard
when we had to babysit Mark?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
George Zimmerman should of been charged in the first Degree. His intent was to kill. #Truth R.I.P
Off to pick up groceries. No more classes till Monday. Thank you #collegebreakday you are much needed :) lots to do this weekend!
Sleepless night again :(
Not excited about the details of getting a brain ct scan, but I am interested in seeing what my brain looks like...I bet it's beautiful. LOL
I meant I hope NOT that Justin Bieber is the new Elvis- he is too babyish!
I know you may not change your oil very often, but when you do, use . We come to you for a change!
We are so excited a about the Twitter Party are you ready to #IgniteTheWriterWithin! Come join us!! We can't wait! :)
haha k thanks again :)
And did you notice 's comment? Well put! It is hard to compete with Google and Amazon's interfaces...
Camera Shots
Pay your dues!
OU Regents are still in a closed-door executive session. They've been in there a LONG time (over 1 hr 15 min). Soon?!
I knew those muffins didn't stand a chance. Nice job today.
day off, pay day, slept til 2, waterloo spring sale, kid at whole foods riding a bike on the patio wearing a cape - it's a good day.
The Quiet People Be The MAIN One You Never Expect It Then Its Like BOOM.!
You're too kind, Thanks for the shout out! How are things over seas? Happy Friday!
Im not very happy right now
I guess the gov thought people are too relaxed so they teamed up with the media to over-inflate the hurricane impact. we're subdued give up
My Big Fat FAKE #Wedding" starring...#Kim Kardashian! Gee...no surprise there.
AM is in before or after 5? You're not goin' soft out there in Cali are ya?!
$50 coupon from Men's Warehouse, yes please!
Underground Champion Mike Quackenbush will be doing a sit down interview with Greg Hunter.
he's a lucky muhfucka
Beautiful! What'd you have?
Shooting poster picts for the TV show THE CODE. L.A
RT : "Blessed are the forgetful: for they get the better even of their blunders." -Friedrich Nietzsche
Best of luck to one of my favorite people at tonight's
DID YOU KNOW: Drivers falling asleep in 2009 cost Americans $100 billion in damages and losses. Got Sleep?
That is a powerful point.
Thanks for the mention!
Learning great tips at #sm4np thanks to , , , , ,
RT : love that bread >>us too Shira! cheers and have a great weekend!
Anyone else's kid ask if they can bring their plate to church, and when you say "no", they pick up their waffle and say, "waff cherch?"?
Med school isn't building blocks like that, it's more detail than you need... have you been to medical school?
Forgot to plug my phone in. Going offline for a while.
Ima keep doing me !
in 10th grade Josh Chandler was an accomplice in putting bath & body works hand sanitizer in my drink. I was sick for 2 days <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
DM us or send an email ASAP to to bring to
bhahahah should I forward u the texts? Bhaha
Salsa - Montuno Swing at the Shattuck Down Low, Berkeley, Thursday 11/24
There is an anti-aging possibility, but it has to come from within. Susan Anton
ask a historian a question and you'll get s stack of books in response
May the fourth be with you.
Treat jar at work has been refilled...today is a good hump day
Don't nobody in Danville go to college. Lol.
I would be up for it.
omg you went again? Dx lol you have to take me! miss you to(:
@ mingo park ball field :/
I was really intrigued by the synopsis of READY PLAYER ONE so I look forward to your thoughts.
Happy #ValentinesDay to the most beautiful woman in the world. I love you, and miss you baby.
probably swallowed up in someone's cleavage. :)
Show tomorrow at The Grape Room in Manayunk. Set starts at eight.
We will be performing at #DeLunaFest2012! Alongside etc. Best #real rock festival!
#luv #Vegas just showed up to hydrate us...thank god I could use something wet in my mouth
I want a web on wheels. Then we'd be talking a seriously mobile web.
if it works then I will have found the perfect blogger tablet that will let me blog with embedded images (can't do w/ ipad)
Google+ has a learning curve and it's not perfect now, but it's still in development.
Where love reigns the impossible may be attained.
hm #confessions?
Someone help my infection has spread even more
Just updated the Facebook settings
Aspen Insurance chief Mario Vitale discusses 2012 market Mario Vitale is co-CEO of Aspen Insurance in New York. During the Risk & Insuran
Recovery is going very well. Thanks! My #Nike+ GPS is booty, so no real data there. Next time I'll wear my
May I Get Some More Followers ? :DD
life without god is like a unsharpen pencils. It has no point
Check this site out. Its the best organic banana bread I have ever had.
“: his manager needs to play the same lineup and quit fucking with their heads” COULDN'T AGREE MORE!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0086>
Hi everyone! I'm just catching up with all my favorite sites! Happy Monday!
WSJ is saying Facebook IPO is set for May 18 - makes sense why Zuck was on TV
I hope you're going to talk to "phantom" again since we're not talking... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Looking for a graduation dress :) What store should I start with?
Nice to meet you
ready for bed. too bad i am 7 hours away from that
ADR work for the CBS pilot "Three Rivers" - shot right here in Pittsburgh.
“: only on fb you can cure cancer by liking a link” and here by RT
omg no haha. I wish ): ive been trying to win some on KIIS but its hopeless.
call it a tie?
I guess you stepping your game up seeing as how you always having gay guys trying to hit on you. #swag #pow jp lol
Thanks for the #FF! Happy Friday. :-)
The Basma Hameed Clinic is donating Areola Reconstruction to Breast Cancer Survivors*Avon Walk June 2-3
Best student email subject line ever: "I am confused."
... the family here is really going to miss you. Please come visit us!
I got a $5 kit from Target and some seed packets - we'll see if the pepper plants ever appear.
hey justin, just making sure that you're back on track.
LOL. Given that he left some in the smoker last night (on accident) that is a plausible scenario...
I wish my friend had a twitter or fb
You're running through my mind, and i don't know why, but i guess i still miss you..
Lol! Exactly what I said.
Hollywood is cruel.
youtube "Dolly the pitbull". Kind of same story. Looks just like my Brock. I cried.
Recession? What? Millionaire drops $190,000 on hovercraft
LOL. Word. We should. One more though. Why is that chick Kisha so greasy?!?! Sheeeeeesh! LOL!
the end. Saturday.
I'm in a mood.
- one of many :) much as i love cheese (and i really do) a Scottish accent is also a delight....dare i throw in Gerad Butler?
haha I'm just cool like that(: lawlzz
I vote for both!
U and me against da world
"Winter is com-- Nope, nevermind. Carry on." - Game of Thrones character in Los Angeles
I do not get herringbone and houndstooth.
Okay, okay, back to work. Hopefully you'll all still be around when I get home later!
really? :o are yiu a junior?
I'm On My Way Sun!
"I'd rather you tell me to hit you later, because you gotta finish a paper then to be in my face asking for a rosea cup "
#LUMINARIA FOLLOW ME. FOLLOW ME. FOLLOW ME. FOLOW ME.
The only thing I knew how to do was to keep on keepin' on...like a bird that flew.
Hanging out at the dog park at Third and Bell. I really, really, really miss the Weims. : /
I must hav carpenter in my family...cuz i Nailed it¡
If it were up to me you'd be out.
wow, thats a new all-time low for that place...keys-n-hand!?
Try To Have More Faith and Less Fears, Try To Express It To Your Peers
So take me back take me back to the place where, I can get more swiss rolls.
current SAG contacts and AFTRA contacts all stay in effect until they expire and then we'll have # oneunion negotiating for us
aww this reminds me of us singing as loud as we could in your moms suv :) ten thousands spoons when all you need is a knife
Lenore Wolf, a lovely lady in her 90s, is talking about progressive education in NM and how it's evolved over the last 20 yrs
Huh, I'll have to check it out then. I can come visit you right?
Brazilians chart crime w/ online interactive maps: on.undp.org/pXPwa2 #ICT4D MT (similar to )
Night gang. And for all the moms out there, have a wonderful day of getting spoiled tomorrow.
Thanks for the shoutout!
i just looked at the pics, it looks like she just ran up and got a quick pic... shes uhmm.... yeah
Got a Condo on my wrist girl Im cashing out!
that bad eh? Yeah I was surprised, I haven't found a lot of people like that in Pittsburgh
Shiznit! The temp went up by 15 degrees in the last two hours. Hot and humid now, boo 8(
thank you Maurice Sendak for never really growing up...
Ugh hate when my mom acts stupid! She doesn't want to take me to get a dress for my girls quince!! I've been telling her about it since Aug.
: Tip: Something is unique or it's not, so no need for "most" in "most unique" on the Sosh request pop-up panel.
Fuck commercials mann!
I support all types of marriage. I want them 2 allow a marriage 2 b between more than 2 people. Polyamory!
i dont tlk to him like that doe ;p
The Street: Angry Birds and toothpaste? - OCRegister
This is the first international match I've been to without a rooting interest. Should be interesting.
Keep fighting … Derrick Bell was a genius - nothing to be ashamed of supporting him.
live music series is amazing. If you are not hip,get hip!
Today in 1946 – The First Indochina War began when Viet Minh operatives attacked French military positions and homes in Hanoi.
Thanks, Linda! I can always count on you.
All I have to do is avoid one day of MadMen spoilers. I'm gonna watch it tonight!! Idk if it will work. This is all 's fault.
Great seeing you -- such a marvelous conversation about politics of dh, the academy, and scholarly communication.
thanks for the RT Serg! Are you ready for Sunday?
Loved the article!
HHEY HEY HEY IM like ha ha ha ha ha Loving life rt now
thanks for the share Kim! Have a great day tomorrow!
I know they cause pollution, but whenever I see an escaped balloon flying past the towers in the city, all I can think is "Go Balloon! Go!!"
As long as its cleared, its fine.
#OccupyAtlanta. Maybe Mayor Reed should notify the police that are occupying the civic ctr...
Cox B - integrating Xactly comp with your or CRM is as easy as clicking a few buttons
what will you be exhibiting?
What we wish, we readily believe, and what we ourselves think, we imagine others think also. - Julius Caesar
Wow! The energy on stage at tonight's performance of #Wicked was amazing, so inspiring! I can't sleep!
Since when has it became okay to post your tits everywhere online, I thought they were one of your "private parts" damn i didnt get the memo
Gettin dressed to go see my lil bro off to prom lol
doubt it.
yeah . you do .
Had a very productive day. Got a lot accomplished and spent time w/ my <U+2665>.
had the best off day ever
Chillin with him for the 3rd time today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
I got Take Charge Indy to win the Derby today
Are you saying protecting turtles isn't important? Or just not as important?
lol they still make those....I remember as a lil bigger nigga I had one..it was the lil mini ones
Merry Christmas! Operation Christmas Child party at Hope mid-hi gym 8:30 Friday- & listen to 90.7 K-LOVE for Christmas Music- might win CDs!
Just fyi, his handle is There's a typo on the slide.
Filling in my movie gaps with Renoir's THE RULES OF THE GAME.
lol please add must also take care of little sister haha
Nice to see the Norfolk win breathe some life into a pretty bland tourney so far even if it screws my brackets.
And I'm STILL all broken up about Steve Jobs' death. You'd think a good night's sleep would have straightened me out. cc:
Closing books for 2009 -- hoping 2010 is a much better year
thank you so much!!!!
I will do it.
Here's a question for ya.. How is it possible that the "Heavy Metal Box Set" includes Hanoi Rocks but not AC/DC?
fellow Ohioan! Come play Quizzo with us so we can talk about how awesome Ohio is!
wht time is it were u live
If you need some quick money/work RT : I need someone to work a hot dog machine from 3:30-7 today and 11-8 tomorrow. $8 / hr
I have to talk crap while I can before it all crumbles to dust :)
thank god you found him. Would have been crAzy to see pappardelle legba on a milk carton
night u guys oh ya i txted you my number
Hosting a commercial shoot with today!
lol I'll show you later:)
Ran in2 my friend Brenden who is recovering from throat cancer & did a 47mile interboro bicycle ride this weekend.
I'm now a fucr!
I was seriously thinking that ! ": I'm suprised Nicks favorite basketball team isn't the Nuggets."
great cant complain wby?
I have Ricky Gervais handcuffed in the trunk of my truck. Let me know if you want him to take over.
I asked myself the same question about that movie. I liked it as a kid but watching it now... Ehh
We have just opened Oh Fish! and we are so excited. Come check it out on 19th street and get some #sushi !
-Go to www.moxie-agency.com to see our submission process. You can send 1 full script&loglines/synopsis of others. Thx!
why do some people take such pride in their ignorance of twitter? #o'reilly
Want to learn salsa on one? Live in DC, MD, or VA? Then visit the Arlington , va cultural center starting on march 13 to sign up for classes
Me either! ": i cant find the picturess :/"
if my parents weren't such buttheads & would've let you come over. :(
Vintage Brooch Bridal BouquetsBridal Bulletin - vintage brooches
I wish bro. Maybe SA but thats about it. USA for you?
Brooke and I are so jealous of ... I mean, look at that shirt!
Thanks for the retweet baby..xo
OK...My name is RAY, and make sure it's in an intimate spot. :P LOL! j/k ;)
Looking forward to a great day.. game then to for Zoo A La Carte. Goin for the sweep today.. Go #Brewers!
Passionate presentation about the growth possibilities in North Africa after the Arab spring by Dr. El Haddad
so fluffy! Can't wait to see all of you soon.
"...it's no wonder bra..." Get it? <crickets>
must I think of everything?!
Great job Dr. Jeremy Pickard, speaking on workforce development in Yemen by Comm colleges
Dream Girls is only a week away. I'm ready!!!! I hope you are ;)
I need kush like now
hard to feel sorry for a bunch of crybabies millionaires then they have the nerve to ask about the hard working fans
may 9 is always a good day for a b day!
Please enlighten us RT GOP need to recheck what free speech means...
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune. Jim Rohn
We at 43 LIKES! Let's get 75 before tonight!!! SALUTE!!!
#Leo Siblings: They will order you around, compete for your parents affections, and disappear when its time to do the dishes. So true 4 me
its okaai haa why would i say that to you LMAO . ! xD
RIP Donna Summer
not true.
I think little 5 got the best of me this week! -____-
never sir #STARGANG for life haha
yes very true. they should be equipped, but often are not. Maybe thats because so many interpretations of it?
my future wife :)
Wade buddy, you are NOT a 3 pt shooter !
your welcome lols. I'm Alexis :).
Yes, you are orange & no, it does not look natural.
I'm the biggest cheapskate though! Haha and then the fear of having to get rid of it again also comes to mind.
Really is sad commentary you can't enter a playground w/o being accompanied by child. Imagination Playground looks great.
"Fun" I do not think it means what you think it means.
Do you have a funny/epic #party story from this weekend?? ;) Reply and get a free sample of the Closing Time #Hangover Supplement!
hmm, ok, is it when there are multiple folks browsing the same site at once?
#PromTheme or #BoatName "A Moment in Time"
Lol omg I miss you to! :(
hey girls im just a kid and u dont have to reply cause i know ur like full but i wanna say u girls are amazing!
The Juilliard Jazz Orchestra is getting ready for their upcoming jam with on 10/25 at the Alice Tully Hall!
when you were down here before you left haha anela took it
Man, if they only knew how completely UNEVENTFUL 99.9% of my colleagues/friends/fam is...
Supposed to go out to dinner with my wife's family on Saturday night. Game 7 obviously same night. May hang myself.
You're not sorry
This has turned into a full blown weekend of rehearsing. Damn!
What! Cant upload my sexy nurse picture.
What a day raining and windy. Ready for bed but I need some company tough :)
CONGRATS!! Babies are such a blessing. <3
In Music Meeting- Karen Elson “The Ghost Who Walks”sweet! & learned it's produced by Jack White- a beautiful song re: brutal murder
Another blunder. Hoops foul Indy at half court with game tied. Trey Lyles hits fts to pull off upset 75-73.
OMG IT'S NOT A BOTHER AW SWKJDSOFJD SO ARE YOU XOXOXOXOXOX o I tend to do that
just watched Memphis on Netflix
Still thinking about Saturday nights dinner Yum!!
Know how to manage deadlines.
Good Karma heading south from Chicago!
why isn't the story about bo's systemic issues that caused JU to leave?
hahahaha u hate love more than Anything!
Boyfriend needs 5.8 million views in 24 hours, 241600 views per hour, 4027 views per minute to break the record. WATCH BOYFRIEND VIDEO!
such a nice day and I'm stuck in bed.. ugh!
MSG is back! watchin my knicks play da hornets
S/O TO MY BRO GO FOLLOW HIS VOICE.
The world is covered in dippin dots!
We should all be disgusted with Kanye West. I won't be buying any of his music again. Such behavior deserves no forgiveness. Ban Kanye!
thanks for sharing both of those. got the live slides up on slideshare but hoping to sync with audio. will tweet if it works. :)
Babcock on Nick ” he's too good to quit”
Thanks for tweeting our blog!
Reinecke, the first-round leader at the MSSB with a 73, shot a 40 today. Tournament shortened fo 27 holes due to a late start and a delay.
Chlorella, Spirulina, is blue green pond scum the answer to a toxic lifestyle?
ok I got you
One year ago today Fat Turtle was in China eating delicious herb-infused food courtesy of Mayway Corp! Great trip, great company!
thanks again for mine! (:
I will be teaching a One Day Audition Technique Workshop for actors and directors in LA Sunday Nov. 8th www.actorsintensive.com
OH DARN !
. Is the 130 pound catch close to any record?
DJ KJ versus Edith on Violin Returns on Friday June 17th to SUITE
I don't remember there NAMES but I can REMEMBER that NIGHT!")
ugh our HC Execs were in elementary...
Want to save $$$? Place your orders via our website and don’t pay any up-charges for sizes 2XL-6XL. Call/email us and get registered today!
Can’t make it this week, have plans already.
RT ur gonna be a #Packers fan yet!!! Love it!
And let's not forget your bullshit excuses when you see another guy's dick..
er please
Indy make it quick OK? Best of Luck, Luck!!!
Excited to be headed to the #sm4np conference in richmond with my coworker- get ready for some tweets!
I wonder how long will it take b/f people don't know why we say "roll the window down?"
#DesireThursdays- in the spirit of sisterhood - what is a desire that you have for another sister? or brother?
why is it always pouring rain when I want to go for a long walk???? :P rain!!! i like a little rain, but all day... days in a row nothnx:p
For Serious people in the industry, Call (224)-63-GO-NOW to reserve and connect with Labels & Managers. . .
Austin: What's your name? Me: 'My Future Wife' Austin: Everyone, this is My Future Wife. Audience:.. Austin:.. Me:.. Austin: wait a minute..
Shout out to <===FOLLOW For a quick
Actually a pretty cool version of the song. Although I like almost everything Tweedy does. Funny guy too.
Trade in the works?
Just had our first experience in SF after waiting 25 mins for a cab to NOT show up. Hedi our driver was awesome!
I'm staying in the hotel that they filmed the episode of full house in.
It was at an event at Levante's last night. But, I know of some secret plans to bring delicious khachapuri to DC at large...
which restaurants?
Happy early birthday :3!
Start up WANTS investor or Partner! Online auction/listing company that Rewards shoppers! LUCKeSHOPPER Reward yourself for shoppin
Why is whip my hair trending?
RT : That's now 8 players from the Chargers '94 Super Bowl team who have died one way or another. So awful...
The Promo Video for my Upcoming Single: "Rehab" will be on Youtube Next Sunday!!! It will be shot in LAX, Beverly Hills, Hollywood & More.
Your possessions are an extension of your person. Keep your attire freshly cleaned and pressed as often as possible.
next to the condoms and butt plug.
Thanks! Glad you like the solar lights!
that looks great!
Virgin thrusts past us desperate to go all the way before the light fades. We trundle on regardless.
damnit, you beat me to it!
Checking out
w.e
<U+261D>he is indeed a muthafuckin BOSS. & his beard is so fierce
Sending a special thank you to all the #MADMEN fans that came out to the Season 5 Premiere Watch Party What a good time!
no problem!
I <U+E022> Jesus, thank you for everything
What do u n ur friends do? Smoke. Tan. Workout
hey how are you?? This is the first time we've talked on twitter in months. Where have u been, lol. Oh wait, that was me. :)
One of the worst things ever is sharing your testimony and then being misunderstood long after it was shared.
We're in for the challenge...spend $5 on Made in USA product...
Absolutely gorgeous Saturday for from 10-5, block party at 3pm and Gallery Walk from 7-10.
Really excited to see ray kurzweil!
Poor thing!
At beauty in the beast with the family. We own this theater. No one dare sit with pornoy family!
At least I actually meant what I said..
I utilize the twisosphere 4 advertising our clients products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it wrong.
hold up while I go make another Twitter account lol
Don't miss the oppertunity, join www.TheGymPro.com for FREE! Use promo code "fit" during the sign up process, the memberships r going quick!
#MustacheMonday is back for Round 2. Show us your 'stache today for 10% off your bill!
Thank you for the follow nice to see you on here too! Look forward to your tweets.
With what has happened to me and someone I love this year, I wish someone had told me not to watch last night's Private Practice. Dammit.
#csp24. On my way.
Are ya doin a good job?
I cried myself to a nap.. Haha I was worried about someone
"homework, tanning, laundry #YOLO"
what a brilliant thing to say...
I was thinking Moldova but Lithuania serves up the most fabulous blynai, so you might be on to something.
The line to try clothes on here is forever long.
I LOVE END OF STORY.
Of course I condemn what Somaliland s doing to civilians living SSC region. No one should ever lose their life cuz their tribe
Watching you guys mom, on #TheTalk so cool!! :))
As soon as it starts to get warmer out, girls seem to stop wearing any type of clothing...
Went shopping today with and the kiddos! Now it's naptime.
RT : #arlcni11 Lombardi, says "think about the value to the institution rather than value to micro constituencies"
That piece of glass that i had stuck in my hand all week is finally gone.
The irony is, the derby skills teacher is currently injured. But when she's back in commission I'll inquire. :)
yes. She got suspended.
Update SD on your specials &post location-based classified listings on our free app! We can show you tomorrow at 57Degrees
great day for it! Wonderful riding with you! Thanks!
I love those tweets too!
So true
I don't see how people could spend over 50 dollars in a gas station
Honored to speak at 's conference yesterday. Kris Perry and Molly Munger are making a real difference for young kids in California!
Alright then lets go then!:)
so what does get through?
where's my bowl of soup? lol that looks so yummy!
Oh, I offend you with my opinion? You should hear the ones I kept to myself.
I'm such a faggot for yolo
so regretting opening this!
Man it sucks being the ugly friend. :(
Hey! Saw that you guys are hiring for a CTO. I love to help you out. Looking for someone with Nosql experience is tough.
Your Vet will also advise you on the dental care that can be performed at home every day.
Its a lay-in-bed-naked-with-Chocolate Pudding-kinda-day-eh?
i will not :) like we could hangout sunday or somfinn cause we have no school monday!
Authority - Give authority to some people and they grow; give it to others and they swell.
Killed That OVA ....OMS.!
You're in Corona, right? Have you seen any SD County teams play yet?
all these blessings to you too!!
That is a fantastic idea! You rock!
"Once you make a decision, the universe conspires to make it happen." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
me too n I'm a Scorpio
Author or artist? "Beyond Words: The Writer's Art" showcases visual art famous writers, in the Special Collections Library
I have one :) how many times has your boyfriend checked up on you since we've started fighting? Have you moved a room?
Reynolds: If we do come up with a agreed-on happiness measure, what next?
my bestfriend is so beautiful!
RT : . has put out two tweets on the report of shots fired, plus suspect description
thanks mister!
Let the wild rumpus start! :D Haha, no, no, I would drive you to the ER in a heartbeat, no pun intended!
Dear asshole parents , take your children off leashes they're not animals
Thanks for the mention! RT : Have you ever wanted to use your phone to open your door - call us for
Lol.... I can't help it. #IChaseMoney not bitches & hoes..
I want to become tear jerkin country singer. I have a midterm but I'm just listening to Taylor swift
I just yelled.
but you are so correct? Why is homeland and USDA buying all this ammo? Overthrowing the government?
great info on gas prices....where can I find out more about Ed Wallace.
To Live Doesn't Mean You're ALIVE
My boyfriend understand and listens my feelings (: , I love that .
thank you all for this new found knowledge that avocado is a fruit...i didn't know either.. hahaha
It's blackout night at the local bath house. Thinking about hitting it up. I need a good fucking.
Great meeting you at the AMA gifting suites! Come Follow us
they're penguins.
I'm not a sports fan but it will be interesting to see how this plays out.
Taking notes is so boring . I rather just practice practice & practice until I get it right <U+E402><U+E412><U+E420><U+E41F>
I'll chant unlimited blade works for you next time on chat. :3
bossman is watching some video with RIDICULOUS canned background music. swear to god, it's a concertina.
Roommate fantasizin bout girls right now ! LMAO !
RT Tonight we partying for #MCA #BeastieBoys You gotta fight for your right to party !
Thanks, but not at the moment.
When are you playing at Blu?
Do you prefer whole bean or drip grind?
i think so
Reading Pema Chodron's When Things Fall Apart.
HEALTH CARE AND MENOPAUSE - The Cypress Times
yea me i just sign up this morning and i have 3 followers already yea me
Listening to present at ASTD 2012 on social media for trainers, and easily winning my nomination for most engaging speaker!
: this is truly sad.
I think Steve Kerr likes the Warriors...... A lot!!!
So we're setting up our email and website right now. We'll keep you posted.
Retweeting for days.
strong spring storms are nice though.....it smells so god outside now!!!!!
Oh. This second beer takes me to -1 Weight Watchers weekly points for the week. The week ends Sunday. WTG me!
arvo2010: Comparison of Photopic and Mesopic Visual Function in Early Dry AMD Patients and Healthy Controls - Sunita Saigal, May 2, A307
follow us on Twitter. We are in you new York network!
<3 tweet deck
Its not Ryan for sure
honestly, i don't believe that my heart would have held together.
Ah we are going to read Romeo & Juliet for 2 hours. Noo >__< I rather play and run in PE instead of Reading for 2hrs. Right ?
Thanks for RT ing!!
Thank you Carillo Family for your kind thank you letter. We are happy to make your house beautiful with your new Stucco!
We send our love out to Tiki The Dragon and her owners tonight.
But you won't jump.
Happy mothers day. Especially to the bitch who gave birth to my son Paisley wherever you are. Hope you get your butt sniffed today!!
yes ma'am! i'm on Youtube :) but i'm not popular on their lol.
Trying to convince myself I'm not sleepy.
Holidays are here. Working with the elves on Christmas programs. Come see. Our best from FCS.
I can post it or if u DM ur email address I'll send it to ya!
A new leader has to be able to change an organization that is dreamless, soulless and visionless
CARE OF ME. GIDEON AS A GATE KEEPER, AND MICHAEL IS A WARRIOR, HE SLAYS THE DEMONS ALL THE TIME. THAT IS MICHAELS CALLING.
awoken from a nice nap by one of the worst dog farts ever
Up early listening to , getting pumped for my four day weekend!!! Still trying to win something lowkey, lol
amazing time at #PortfolioReviews! damn i love NYC!
At times when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them fast, and get on with enhancing your other innovations.
“: the death penalty is barbaric and outdated.” Totally agree. Leave them in prison if the crime justifies it.
Lots of great volunteers in our office today to help prepare a mailing. So great to have our office hustling and bustling again!
Tough times for Turks on border with Syria - The Guardian
been good just busy with work and trying to find a better one is hard
Thanks for bringing this to our attention. Has something been going wrong with the connection? Which location? Thanks!
i have to wait 54 days till i can get #believe ... THIS SUCKS :( thats 20 days after it comes out
RT : Heading to Cleveland today for conference on bus rapid transit.
call it a nite, What a game Kobe played. nite folks. aint no time waste-sleep is precious.
I've been meaning to listen to Starlito here lately
Haha! I will miss you, my late night deck party partner :)
Thanks! Hope you can make it tomorrow, and we'll see (or rather tweet) you Wednesday!
Wow #JaneSeymour looks amazing on
Great Horse jumping competitions at South Point Casino, free admission, if your in Vegas you should check it out! It's a lot of fun!
Not really. You already knew that outcome. And it lasted all of 3 minutes.
don't mess around, go see a doctor
"A woman is like a tea bag - you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water." -Eleanor Roosevelt
apparently its Worst than Bitch hah
thanks so much for the mention!
Q2 I taught a student how to use the databases. Next time he came, he said he wanted to do it himself. Body language said success.
Love me some Praise Chorus. Thnx ( )
Did it hurt?..... when you fell from the whore tree, and banged every guy on the way down?
"I've seen her standing in the yard, she's barefoot in her cutoff jeans. Planting flowers so the house can sell, and pulling up weeds."
when r u home from sin city.
Video shoot was perfect, thanks to everybody who came out to support.. . Lil Meta ft. Schife - Whole Package
just got back home, checking it out now brotha!
welcome to the family!
"I've gotta remember, never get out of the boat."
following the Gogol didn't help
people need to chill!(: do hate, appreciate ;D haha
Send C.O.D. and I'll hang it over my mantelpiece.
on KBEACH global radio Weds 11am-12pm PST Stay tuned for DJ Mikey at noon!
All but dissertation. Finish my last core class on Monday, hope to have proposal done in 2-3 weeks.
Run of the Mill Theater is now on Twitter! Hello fellow Bawlmer twits!!!
I don't deserve to be treated like this.
ONE RUN GAME! 7-6 Cardinals!
#WhatIveLearned ; Not To Runaway From My Problems
so he says i'm f-ing a Brandon. So I need only Brandon's to call me
Went and watched October Baby tonight. SO good. I love any movie/show John Schneider is in.
if you were a girl, you'd understand
really excited about this 1, was the 1 talk my team UNANIMOUSLY voted that I needed to attend on their behalf
Dating in the Dark is my new favorite tv show.
And we're back. They're also playing People's Court at the bar I'm at - so I'm a little distracted.
what??? Hahaha...your secret is safe with us. The rest of the twitterverse, well, I'm not so sure.
A kiss in the rain would be nice. :D
Everybody lies, but it doesn’t matter since nobody listens.
This whole not eating thing is really old.
Why in the he'll is tooth pain the worse kind of pain, been trying to avoid the f$& dentist, but I'm loosing the battle...
#checking out intentional 50s retro themed diner in UKV.
VERY insightful and inlightening. Wonderful piece, Chris!
We got your app, Darcy! So excited to have you! We'll be in touch! Hurrah!
Txt me im ao bored
I wish I had more skills. You know, like nunchuku skills, bow hunting skills, computer hacking skills...
nothing a lot of Pisco sours cant solve
don't worry - at least your situation is honest. people at startups have them .. but not really.
"Pride only hurts. It never helps."
Calling all student-radio peeps out there: who is making science-related podcasts, or doing independent in-depth reporting?
: We needed a new ILS. asked "how hard can it be?" Famous last words...
Please don't judge Reds fans by the rude tweets you received last night. They don't speak for Reds country!
Thanks to all of the speakers at
AND follow/like these sweet bands!
Creeper in target that's been following me stops me to say " great boots, very sexy"... Men are so gross, gag me...
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. You are the Hero you have been waiting for.
RT Don't forget Cadillac Flambé tonight. They should start around 9:30p. Should go well with a Stone Smoked Porter.
In 1871, Dr. J. W. Carhart, professor of physics at Wisconsin State University, and the J. I. Case Company built a working steam car.
Framing thoughts around an AI cuz it crystallizes them. really just exploring the emergence of strategy in games.
Yes, Twircles. Although I think Twillist has a certain ring to it too. :-) I won't be there, but I look forward to seeing it
It figures the ONE TIME I don't mail in my taxes via registered mail, that my check gets lost. Awesome.
that's what my mom calls me. Jamester the Hamster
ooh what is it?!
K, whatever then, I tried. Not gonna give my 100% if you won't. It takes two people to solve a problem like this and I'm not
Member Appreciation Day begins at 9. All DC throught Tier 2 flowers are discounted!!
it's all for you (;
No one guessed 79 in #GuessAnumber! 2 closest Tweeps were and They each get a free 7" cheesecake! THX for playing!
Just got twitter spam from an "expert" who can help me "get tons and tons of twitter followers!!!" . . . he had four followers.
Yes, super yay! And weirdly, Burke showed up to the party even when we didn't explicitly invite him
Dear Hasbro. Please send a representative to my office to receive a punch to the neck. Thank you.
the cone of shame! Haha
Wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle yeeeaahhh
I wrote a song called BEEF FRENZY that might work.
Another thing I learned from about Indian culture - "arranged marriage is like the original form of networking with strong ties"
; had a good day <3 babysittin' tonight, church with Ashton tomorrow, then stayin' the night; shopping Monday <3 my kinda weekend (:
radical mix
She wanna love me long time the korean massage lady that is lol
RT : What's most important in keeping teachers in their jobs?
on 810 WHB for the call. ESPN for the moving picture box.
“: "I'm Jefferson Smith, and I might still be running for mayor!" #pdxvotes”
Ok I'm convinced. Going to see #Redtails tomorrow.
11 couples i know have gotten engaged within four months.
not looking to pay rape
who is the Jerry West of the MLB logo
Expert Marble Cleaning & Polishing. Satisfaction Guaranteed! Call Us
I hold it that a little rebellion, now and then, is a good thing, and as necessary in the political world as storms in the physical.
Smile... Don't smile!
New complex medical product:sales force training typically one-shot event; leads to sub-optimal sales effectiveness ramp-up, lost $
"Let your mind wander" great article
Excited to see San Diego to come together in September to show support 4 the incredible work Amor does!
Jacob Dowling: Truth is.... I need a spanish english dictionary to read most of my friends posts
#FirstEdition asks "Did u hear the one about the #naked guy @ #PDX "? If you haven't - you will next w/
Wake Up In Your Makeup mentors over 5000 technicians all over the world. We are passionate about what we do!
Sex sex sex....do I have your attention, good cuz I was jus bullshittin
wish you the best bro, I know the feeling
"Our Greatest Year," good laughs fr Robert Attenweiler and Scott Henkle, both grads of last show 8 Sat
btw I didn't know there was a contest to be won.
Now I'm sleepy and am about to climb into bed. Goodnight xo
The freshmen at Wendy's piss me off so much lmfao
- I've been using the same email address the entire time I've been on HootSuite - now my email address doesn't exist? Help?
Watching blood and bone on Netflix and it still looks like I am watching a copy of a bootleg
you inspire me!
Option 1, definitely :)
Thx, having a ball so far.
the fun level is at an all time high. :-)
I guess I am doing all the wrong things in building a true business . Anyone out there that can help . Who has made real money ?
How t/f did i trip up stairs.?!
that's my $$Gl$$ jam though
Good night! Each day I learn something new about myself! Love life!! :)
"Expiring for love is beautiful but stupid."
ITS MY BIRTHDAY! Can I get a 'Happy Birthday Kimberly' PLEASE!? <3 29
Is the difference between challenge-based learning and project-based learning just semantics?
Yep I remember sitting at the desk setting up scene thinking "this Warden got the good stuff"
Think I'm becoming nocturnal
so it seems.
Ey, thanks, girl! That was nice of you to say! Be releasing new tracks soon!!
I actually like doing the back-end web stuff. I'm a weird hybrid: major content writer and coder. I like being a writer better :)
I was honestly surprised at how much of a difference my low dosage has made for me. Still get sad/depressed, but not extreme.
SHUT UP DAJUAN....FOOD IS GOOD!
All Ih Do IS THINK OF YHU , DAY & 'nd Night (:
Chocolate pudding - a food of diabetes and a friend of my chocolate craving. D.I.P. (Digest In Peace)
Your sense of humor is one of the many reasons why we miss you around here already.
#FF Stream our debut EP on facebook+myspace!
Thank you! I hope so too!
and I am a HUGE fan so we will meet in the middle! ;) hope you get your 1,000 followers!
We are working on providing free wifi for travelers. Stay tuned for updates later this year.
Tahoe Rim Trail. If only my colleagues would suck it up and get out of the office.
COCO LOUNGE TONIGHT FOLKS!!! WE BOUT TO GET REAK CRUNK!!! TIME FOR SOME DRINKS!! U READY?
lol yeah, I just got a blister but its pretty much gone now.
Man Accused of Stabbing Victim in Eyes with an Antenna and Knife - :: Cincinnati news story :: Man-Accused-of-Stabbing-Victim-in-Eyes
Miami weather is fantastic...now that I am thawed out! Now on to that next 2005 Barossa Shiraz that I have become so fond of!
On life dat shit stay on repeat
The contest corresponds with Toronto Indy race weekend and is running from July 5 through July 10
Uhh haven't watched greys anatomy in years...forced to watch the finale... WTF!!!!!! Talk about intense!
RT RT The weekend is here, time for DJs to shine & wannabes to whine & that is the Gospel
All Leiningen fires have been extinguished. Github code always beats macports.
Checking out some tapas & specialty drinks at Bossa Nova for a late saturday dinner. Excited, but I feel out of my element a bit lol.
Insomnia? Really? No sleep on the last day I have to write a final? FML.
Ventured into NMHN today & had a blast. I forgot how awesome it is. Diamonds, mummies, and live butterflies all in one museum. Love it!
Lusztig on maternal education films #orphans8 how to give birth, raise children.. From 20s to early 80s The Motherhood Archives.
Football starts next week... Came back to soon
thanks. thank you. I'm just a garden variety guy trying to suit up and show up each day. The rest is out of my hands. :)
What kind of events would you like to see at The Paper Box?
I don't think there's a way to do that as part of the plugin -- might be possible to hack it.
You and me both. It's like KC is getting part of it's motor back. Just need Sal back to be complete again.
he is such an asshole!
lol ha ha, so u guysg had me on anything today?
Awful visual. Effective, though, I guess?
nigga, get online :D
Stop rigging the deck!
rare occasion I get to watch TPIR but enjoying all the #Browns action ! Drew rocks.
Happy Valentines Day!
Thank u for including in this delicious list of dairy-free foods!
I love sweet potato fries with horseradish sauce
Yes - Traffic Manager - read the description! :-)
Amen! Their kid lives are being taken away. They need to enjoy these years...
lol jk im just really bitchy right now.
You can't force something that's not there...
I suppose you now realize how much of a bitch you really are. You let tinkerbell punk your coward ass.
BELIEBERS! Follow they follow back & have amazing tweets (: <U+2665> GO.
A good 10 years after my first attempt, I still have no clue how to walk in high heels.
Reno is such a strange strange city. I'm having a bit of culture shock!
It's going down Mon 10/10 at Cathouse. Can you come do the running man?
Hey & other movie music folks: Was ANY new music written for Batman & Robin? It all sounds like tracks repurposed from Forever.
Watermelon is the ice cream of angels.
playing mw3 in the same room with two tvs omg
Awww sweet pic of you and your girls have a very happy new year!!
Appreciate you taking time out to help us make it better at the Harvest Dinner!
" PIMP STANCE "
#FF shout out to #TCDisrupt Battlefield finalists: and winner
thanks for the follow Robin!
Gary broke one of my Texas wine country glasses and I loved to Texas to replace it. Steve's getting off easy!
Dinner:eggs,toast, & my BurnT BACON o_O
Christmas shopping with my mom....
I fuck with girls wearing blue jeans with white stitching. I don't fuck with girls wearing loose fitting shirts that resemble lamp shades
Happy birthday to you, happy birthday to you, happy birthday dear , happy birthday to you! (and many more!)
Googling old friends, only to find that one "lost her battle with depression" in 2005 at the age of 29.
yeah, ricour says marx, nietzsche and freud
It's a pitchers dual in Colorado!! Hahaha...always love my Giants!!
I got some joints!!!
My 3 yr old created a new word to describe something that happened a few days ago #lasterday- what words do your kids come up with?
How is everyone this Tuesday?
good ima check yo fat ass too!
ill have you know I changed my own head light bulb by myself...
Thx! I think so, 2! I'm studying Holocaust Studies, but tend 2 get mixed reactions as far as people interested in the subject
The Black Keys AND Sleigh Bells Dec 7th at the Crystal. Wowzers.
Thanks for the giveaway! There were so many entries I didn't think I'd win. Many games to go play 'cause of this Steam sale...
Nerve racking.
I actually might have a party this year for my birthday lol. the planning so far isn't bad
We are going to be an official entity soon, registered with ASCAP, etc. It's getting real over here.
I know hunz :)
The awkward moment when your crush asks you who you like.
I <3 you more than flannel.
you better do it then!
" Allow yourself to be inspired. Allow yourself to succeed. Dare to excel. "
With all the nitpicking about LeBron's "finishing" this past year, he was still the best player in the league by a wide margin.
Tune in to WVEC 13 News at 5 for story about the Autism program at EVMS and how its making a difference for patients like Travis Meeks!
lie down with me, my dear, lie down under stormy night, tell nobody
Anyone have suggestions for #android tablet ideally with ice cream sandwich.
sometimes i just wanna say fuck it!!!
Too bad we didn't get the shut out but the D was quite impressive today.
Marcia Brady is 54 today? That's depressing.
Modified sudden death overtime totally sucks!
Officially registered for 5K in Cleveland. Suppose I should start running?
This fat kid is so cracked out
Cash money brother's
Now THAT is funny :) “: We won't believe unless we see pictures of you dancing on your desk ;)”
That he is. I wish all dogs had the like you and Brink lead.
yeah man i got the same number
This week is starting out good.
“: As cool as "trick frisbee shots" sound, they are never worth watching”
Or fear of being late. Ha!
#WeLoveNiall because it's May 16..
Never take a good thing for granted
Aint nothing wrong with strippin to me , in my Eyes . All you doing is dancing & making money ..
5 c's: communication, creativity, character, critical thinking, collaboration
Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men
I am Hebron Sweeties
i hope Terrence is ok, I dont know if we can win this game without him
RT : Merrill Hoge says "sticking your kid on a couch with a donut and an Xbox" = more dangerous than letting them play football
People who break bro code with me < GO THE FUCK HOME.
Q: role of fear in teaching! J has two scary stories she tells.
Romeo and Juliet <3
Buuuuuuuuub:):)! Hey you:)! When am I gonna see you and June again:(?
In ebook record the interesting 500 note: "includes internet access." Really? Internet access comes with the ebook? Intrigued. Skeptical.
I'm pretty sure I was in #beastmode today when I was working out
Tomorrow is def gonna be a long day!
Talked to the same customer 6 times this morning.Then,his son decided to call me and discuss the same issues with me this afternoon. Why me?
@ 500 startups for demo day tonight
#WhyYouMadThough he never liked you in the first place and you knew it?
I want a boyfriend named Johnny !
Suggestion – Third, Share something funny that one of the participants said to you and call them by name to make a greater connection.
RIP Al Davis a true football legend
ahh I MUST go see it! Many people have said the same thing! It must be good if it topped the box office @ $200 mill!!
The other thing is he sees ReRAM as replacing both NAND and DRAM over time. He sees it going into DIMMs....
Last home game tonight for the Yeah.
There's a pun in there somewhere.
Bullys at work, not to different from bullys at school, except as an adult we are better equipped to stand up and turn the tables
Love the holidays at ! So lucky to have all the Disney magic down the street from us at Colony Park!
what is monkey bread?
nifty! i def get a Fred Astaire vibe :)
Coupons are not just for groceries anymore
makin dinner and then gonna go get a outfit for tonight... Hope its a good night! Happy birthday Maria =]
Yayyyyy...hopefully I can dance the routine...RT : dancin time!! 615 n 730 here we go!
I think there's a certain upbringing that's lost today… it's a shame. Then again, I fail at eating with a fork all the time. :)
sad that there are no famous people on my flight to Los Angeles--nah, not really. I'm okay hanging out with the masses.
I got high today. Now I'm bout to take it low. Lmao
Ugh. So scared.
EVERYONE LOVES A FOVE BAGGER PLUS$$$$ WE GOT ONE COMING TOMORROW AT 3PM EST~RUN HARD, CONSOLIDATE AND SUSTAIN~GET READY WED 3PM EST$$$$$$$$$
Jesus is my worldview.
ok I understand young grasshopper
Nicely done last night BET awards
I added u
oh sorry! I guess I haven't been too tuned into FB or twitter lately. But cool! Sounds awesome! :)
Potty break now back to sleep
on a side note, cap'n crunch is amazing
We would love for our mammoth guest to share there great experiences from mammoth with all our friends on facebook!
lmao! take it you dont like him then? :)
they are slippery and unsubstantial. He's a fully formed blowhard, much easier to kick and less sympathetic
No problem, Damon!
COKE or SPRITE
i need to take a nap, and by nap i mean go into a coma for 10-12 hours.
...the only way to tear him out from inside. I know he wants me, I can feel his fire, but if I die he can't hurt me anymore."
awe get better
thanks girl! We need to take pics so I can put them on your letter :)
someone talk to me im board at work
Our Winter Menu is up. Celebrate this first day of December with a White Christmas, Snickerdoodle, or an Andies Mint Hot Chocolate! yum.
Yes! RT : Girlfriends afternoon high 5's Hope its a good day
HAHAHAHA How did I miss this?!
#YouCuteAndAllBut you must be broke with how you never wear clothes in any of your pictures .
Come at me bro!
Wish I was there :/
haha well now you can talk to me i'll be here (:
use ya brain mane!!
u sure? cause im here if you need to talk
A student showcase presents "Boom Boom Basics Burlesque Studio" | $10 | 8:30PM |
I know. Graphs and facts are scary. But I'm pretty certain I've taught at least one person dumber than some basic math.
I spent all day in bed watching you Vlogs. Don't make me start at it again!! Haha ;)
is this lauren?
he's so good. DUDE, come back to texas. you need to live here and be my best friend LOL xD
Wow, Whitney Houston dead at 48 per AP report. Lesson here...
Let's all hope Michael J. Fox wins the 2013 Oscar for cinematography on Hunger Games.
Lovely people making my lovely morning even more lovely with lovely music! <3
You sent the funniest email of the day. The map. The map. The map.
how creative
Been looking for an excuse to go to fort lauderdale? SHOW NIGHT!
Prime Rib is on the menu tonight! Come indulge in 14oz. of pure bliss!
can i move favorites from iphone to ipad?
YUP We are all OKAY! In the midst of a move right now. No fear 2012 is going to kick ass!
thats really sweet.
I wish it was easier to trust people...this is totally why people always end up straying from me...
Can't wait to party with the baddest bad grl of BGC8 when u cum to memphis June 1st #FOLLOWBACK PLZ
Roommate wears the same outfit when she goes to a party. Please, I beg you, for your sake, get a different skirt & top. That's just pathetic
We tried both. I liked both. Nice folks there.
Ditto RT We the best lol ---> RT : Chicks that like to cook >>>
are scheduled to rock in the BFT on March 10th. Can't wait to get back. The staff and beer are incredible!
I hope you know that youre seeing WTK with me at warped tour.
man I heard Brock quit I'm sure its part of the story line I just forget to watch on mondays
Something like a pool shark!
Ginger ale report: others found it gingery, I wished for more. Definitely needed more yeast; was barely bubbly. Batch two soon.
Good Morning, have an awesome day! Sitting in silence allows you to collect your thoughts, so that you can make better choices.
if by chance there are any unsold tix for Thursdays 8- and/or 10 shows.... Dibs :)
waiting is gay.
have no life cause we're sitting around waiting for the cops to come back down our street
This lady is annoying me
Usana Health Sciences -10% off if you sign up as a preferred customer
Nope just think it is flipping awesome
classic john madden analysis
with a lower case "p" only. ;-)
Nothing like a cold-front to sweep away the amateurs.
so good
Thanks. Don't blame you. I managed to not even use iTunes til I got my iPhone.
dope dope =)
Busy but well:) Lots of family, business, minor health concerns but doing great now:) Preparing 4 my 50th Alum Reunion May 25
Don't you hate it when you buy a bag of Chips and it isn't even that many inside with air inside to cover it up!
they will one day x
I wanna move. Far away. Maybe Australia..
I mention this on tours, but today I found my source from the Star. In 1997, Nancy Irsay paid $44,000 for a 20 lot space on Crown Hill.
thanks for the follow. Happy Holidays!
Bitches fuck me cus' they know my name---
Great day for the 1st RiverBound race of 2012.
Cuz baby if you ask me to take a break, I'll give it all away, don't care what the people say
last night with my track family of 2012! im gonna miss these seniors! :(
Lots of talk about #ReidBill. Don't you think that like prohibition, those that want a way will find it? Illegality never stopped it be4.
That was the SF meeting. South Bay lunch still in the works.
just woke up :P so sore :[
Lol aight cause I was hearing all kind of stuff, so I just wanted to be clear on it
oh and thanks for the RT by the way.
Watching Dollhouse for 1st time. The fight scene between you and Ballard was freakin awesome! One of the best I've seen.
Don't let the world change your smile. Make your smile change the world.
I used to have just noodles and soy sauce for meals when i was really broke
Thanx 2 everyone for the luv and support!! U GUYS ROCK! <3
SO I just found an AWESOME recipe for Oyster Tacos!!! Anybody wanna play Guinea Pig?
RT : Twitter at 100 million active users, likely to increase a lot more with iOS 5 integration
welcome back to H-town!
Enjoying no pants weekend in NYC one cheek @ a time.
bought a cute new French beret at H&M can u say OLALA! ;)
DINNER TIME AT THE B!!!!! COME AND GET IT!
#3WordsForYou You are flawless.
Shut up and worry about tonight. Last time we let you quarterback a night out for a fight we ended up at Miami Jai Alai!
#facebookjustbought me a new pair of jays.
Chatting with about social media.
WORKING ON THE NEW MIXTAPE (I AM KING) GET AT ME FOR MIXTAPE PLACEMENTS IM GOING IN
"Then you found the lord, You gave your life to him, And you could not ignore, the love he had for you. "
yeah -go to that twibe website and find a group near you! I am in the Milwaukee Twibe. Didn't find a disability theme though
#snappytv let's you video clip while you watch. Cool product for provider integration.
U should be so jealous this morning... Cheers to beer week!
If you want to make the world a better place, take a look at yourself and make a change.
I THINK IM PUFF DADDY! I LIKE
Love #themasters! Final round always moving.
Karl von Frisch got Nobel Prize for decoding the language of #bees; also discovered that both bees & fish see color.
just followed & will continue 2 do so if u never threaten again...
Good friday!
How does any government justify taking our equality and liberty in the name of central planning?
blah. i swear.
#tweetyour16yearoldself See more shows. Screw the haters. Date the drummer. Study more, party less. Have dad teach you electric guitar.
What should I order for dinner? I'm sort of in the mood for chinese.
lol good. Sorry u had to look at my bare ass
Good point! Might be location skills? Or suggestion based on own love? 4th grader rec'd Harry Potter. We have mult copies.
It's hard to get anything with out verifiable income.
I totally did. So how do you select the winner? by random raffle?
Man Trouble try n cum find you bruh jus keep hiden from it
I predict this will only serve to exacerbate the national stereotype of Wisconsinites.
i need to try some mini sirloin bugers..... :-)
Working too long with Time to 10-2
Infocus: Enables us to highlight and share our 'focus' (a particular quote from an article, for example) on the web
if I had a dollar for all of the Britney Spears messages that flood my twitter inbox...apparantly she has a large fan base in Brazil!
i only watched a second of it but was that new zombies?
Hey now :). How ya been?
but apologies for all the whining...
That's great news!
Fun Fact: Dog nose prints are as unique as human finger prints and can be used to identify them.
help! Im stuck in narnia and i cant find the way out
Just entered a biggest loser contest at work. I am going to hate giving up soda and chocolate
Favorite part of office party last night was 30 min geek out with two other Stern fans.
I keep thinking about you. Any news yet?
ONE STOP Poker SHOP Grand Opening!!! All poker products up to 75%!! www.eproducts4less.biz
Hope everyone had a love filled Valentine's Day! <U+2665>
Due to issue with Heroku, our new SSL certificate did not "take". Currently working to get the new one installed. Very sorry for the error.
I'm not afraid to tell you that I love you. I'm afraid to hear that you don't love me back because I know that's what will happen.
you mad ?
I scream depression? Muthafucker, it's better then what you'll scream if I ever got a hold of your muthafuckin ass..
Working on some new art pieces...a variation on a recent theme!
shit dude...sorry....but pushing them to OT on the road is a good sign...get em in game 2....
Out of school and into seattle!
Flawless plan. And of course the Queen, Jo herself. When are you going?
S/O new follower :::
....our house..I would come see it like everyday to see what was done that day..lol its exciting;) I'm glad to hear all is well!!!!
I will be back! Have a bit of traveling to do... Vermont, Colorado, Kentucky, and Michigan!
MT : MT : Art on the Fax is TONIGHT! We will Music by Andalus Jazz Express, food vendors & more! 5p Fletcher Plaza
If Yost is the scape goat, would the #Royals have the balls to swollow their pride and bring in Frank White as manager?
Parents just checked in upon my recommendation. Record breaking use of exclamation points via text regarding accommodations.
another day of basketball
Thanks! RT check out 's new album.
#MyPastRelationships I've never had a real relationship. They all sucked!!!
wonderful rain in #SantaFe today snow on the mountains
Happy birthday to me and :D
As a polysci student, Ive long since learned to be skeptical of "cost to govt" claims. Way too much data that can be manipulated
I hate what you've done to me.<//3
ever thought maybe Paul Denton was really just a made-up alias of Damon's? maybe he got bored in the 90's & went to Camden?
Haircut for prom today
Make that just heroin. We all know now about Mantle's alcohol problem. Bonds' own "drug problem" makes comparisons hard.
app where you can add words to pics. any recommendations?
Just found out I'm a heavy sleeper. How? Apparently pokes my face and ties knots in my hair for her entertainment.
RT : Change = Growth
Write for the website post about tech like news, updates,reviews, and more but i like apple more
please follow me <3
Headed to the gym bout to get my workout on
This is my 2,000 update, but not really. deleted a solid years worth of my tweets. *tear
Nice profile
who wants to be my cuddle buddy?!??!!! :D
RT : #Pinterest board inspired by YOU HAVE NO IDEA by Vanessa () & Helen () Williams...
Eli Manning sucks
I can get down with this --> Today is Friday May 11th. It's National "Eat what you want" Day! via
Todd is now working with Sun West Mortgage Co.
thats whats up how do you like it
Nickel bag of weed a week, I got cocaine here to sell...how can a young man go back home when the city girls look so well?
please follow and me we lov u
With graduation season here, remember to frame that diploma with us! You'll receive the best quality at affordable prices.
good how are you ? <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Will you answer this question? (:
thanks Brad. We'll get on it. All the Hillbilly's?
"Then Jesus said, 'Father, forgive them, for they do not know what they do.'" Luke 23:34
lets talk somebody
the hortonworks folks essentially gave my Ecosystem slides that I gave over 1.5 yrs ago - remember the future of data ecosystem?
Except I don't date electronics. So, no. RT : I may be late in observing this... Are drummers being replaced by electronics?
Tonight is St. Drunken's Eve. To prepare, drink lots of water, eat plenty of carbs and change your exes' numbers on your phone.
Morning shifts are terrible... But getting off at 5 feels so good.
Yeah I know, I am actually wanting to see tjem play each other.
I'll bet! This blows!!!
#ndpl most (69%) don't know if their public library's digital collection is ADA compliant
are you producer?
So true! Happy Easter my friend. Give Cam a big hug for me.
Digging the new yellow alternates. Reminds me of when I was a kid.
Lots of diff dates thru mid-June.
Off to work, then dinner with the family and more unpacking tonight...
Birthday wishes to the only NBA player cool enough to hang out on the 'Step Brothers' DVD commentary. Go NYK!
Today was full but awesome! Hosted a ton of family in our new home and it was not cramped! Lovely afternoon!
#Digitalsignage screens are EVERYWHERE but do the ads make sense to what you want or need? is helping to change that....
tryna show off I feel ya doe
good! I hope Jennifer gets closure now. Such a shame~
feeling refreshed after the long weekend....lots of new projects this week...
In the street one day I saw you among the crowd, in a geometric pattern dressed
THank you
Just got done watching boyfriend.........BEST VIDEO EVER I'm just speachhless!!!!!!!!!!
When I get off of work tonight, I'm gonna listen to podcasts.
Osmond Fisher of Young Jazz Masters is visiting Sunday's rehearsal.
can I find it at Whole foods? and Trader Joes?
haha, he's polite but he should know his way around.
Did I mention how proud I am of my girls and the whole DDC comp team and teachers this weekend?!?!?!?
new album almost done
"The Taste of Regret" By: IFAF
EVERYBODY KNOWS RYAN IS IN LOVE WITH YOU
your worst nightmare =O
Contrasting Raimi&#39;s Original Spider-Man Trailer with Marc Webb&#39;s ...
Thank you for the wonderful surprise. Having a hard cover copy of "Small Town Rules" is awesome! Loving the content too!
Considering it was almost 20 years ago, I was less discerning. I loved the characters, at least
Followed Back..
Me and singing "What Makes You Beautiful" to each other <3
Two weeks of vacation start… NOW.
"I am healed from sin." (I Peter 2:24) #thatswhatHEsaid tonight
that would be great.
it was probably or who put glass in your pool
talent show tomarrow..i am freakin out dont know if i can do it....... HELP........
"I will rise" has helped me in times of doubt. it's grounded me and reminds me, with god life is beautiful,1 songwriter 2 anthr
Mary McLeod - Le Corbusier and agriculture, 1930s affiliation with “regional syndicalism” movement; belief in building a new order now.
Haha. I'll change my mind into something else in about 5 mins, you know this.
As 3rd quarter ends, Horns put 4 fingers in the air and wave them -- symbolizing Cal's four turnovers, I presume.
Okay I'm done for now. bye :)
Congratulations to AU SOC Cohort 16! Thanks for an amazing two years. Can't wait to work with each of you. You guys rock! Happy Graduation!
RT : Hawks fans...we have 10,947 here tonight- a sellout! Thank you!
yo i just seen a bird get ran over .. that was weird
T2 But the whole point of MU and the transition to EHRs is to make this process easier, and the rules should reflect this.
It's not about the light at the end of the tunnel. It's about the tunnel. (Do what you love/Enjoy it/Live moment) -
oh. Waterfront. I see.
what is that???
dick is so big, push by sapphire was written about it
Former Iceland to Nixon jailed for real-time updates. White House advance of 'terror' in shadow of Homes
If we even meet in person remind me to show you the mess that is my iPhone. Close to 500 apps. I probably use 20.
starting the study sesh with #themotto actually just makes me want give up and drink.
I have no words at all...lol
You call me a whore! But yet again your the one sending nude pics to people! Your a low life!
Me too! Now if they just added cheesecake to the menu all the planets would be lined up:-)
right on, we dig your sound too. glad we came across you today. just DMed you about doin something together
Hurt my feelings today...oh well..you probably dont care.
Without a name player, could GW still come up with a DP signing who could really tally 14-15 goals?
LMAO @ the dude who kept honking at me at the ATM..I guess u didn't think a woman would curse your ass out! ;)
announced Paul Phillips as team captain for the 12-13 Pioneers. Nick Shore, Knowlton and Ostrow will be the alternate captains.
Trust that little voice in your head that says 'Wouldn't it be interesting if
I wanted to mention that I got my Ipad at my local best buy 250 this last Saturday! Its Cool, I love NetFlix and Kindle too!
bet she was pretty
Everything is funny as long as it is happening to somebody else. -Will Rogers
Hi Maggie! Everyone, please welcome She is totally awesome and you should follow her.
so happy for you guys!!! My favorite band on my favorite show...... just so amazing xx
Thanks for the follow...
THAT'S GREAT! <3 my house is Gryffindor what's urs?
Lex is doing great, excited for the Fanfest next weekend and looking forward to meeting you!
I can't believe that my sister and I used to stand in the pre-dawn Black Friday line at Best Buy.
RT : Authors experience event are best ; we'll be more & more dependent on those without experience over time.
I refuse to retweet poor grammar. You're=you are.
Come on #Giants !!!!
Cant wait to watch the Iowa State vs Texas game tomorrow (all the way from Haiti!)...Go State!
Thanks! Looking forward to it...we are almost sold out!
no kiddin'. you are the REAL deal, missy. Love you too.
Most hated; can't be faded. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
as long as they're good ones...like the ones that bring yummy snacks! :)
okay! ;D what one are you referring to or ? LOL
Parenting class
“: My iPhone has an obsession with autocorrecting the word 'so' to 'do' ... Do annoying”
Many thanks for the mention!
Had a bomb breakfast w my dude now just waitnn to get lined up by the 1 n only
Bubba Watson and John Daly have got be the coolest dudes in golf.
THanks for the follow . Are you a wordpress blogger ? or do you blog at all ?
Today our speaker is the son of Steve Allen, he has never talked to a group about his father to a group before!
I write the episode & the season on my tweets so when I look back I can know what episode it was & watch it again :]
I was asked "would it fit your schedule to exercise an hour a day or be dead 24 hours a day?"
Morning Rockstars! > There is no happiness except in the realization that we have accomplished something. - Henry Ford
": So lexii jus fuckin dies #tears"I know right
Stay off of em RT : My good knee hurt worse than my bad knee
oh yeah. Added international sms plan to my phone before I left!
#quotes #time The best thing about the future is that it comes one day at a time. Abraham Lincoln
Dear TheraFlu Severe Cold, I love how you make me feel better the moment I swallow you. I just wish you tasted better! Sincerely, Trai
RT : Ok tweeps I'm speaking at and have voodoo tix so ping me to attend
I just visited Alice Aycock's A Simple Network of Underground Wells at The Fields Sculpture Park. Land Art pilgrimage continues!!
Just face it, we have all been obsessed with a british accent atleast once in our life
+1 RT Anybody else suddenly hit with an urge to watch "School Ties?"
Lost 4 friends uhm still drinking..... lock it up
O Scary!
I need more followers!! Follow me
HAHA!no problem! I'll teach you!
Just got mail from 5starBasketball camp
I miss middle school :')
I needed a day off. Spending valentines day with my girl wine tasting in Santa Barbara, CA.
This would be an EPIC concert: #LadyAntebellum, #TaylorSwift, #LukeBryan, and #JasonAldean. Concert I would NEVER miss!! #LOVETHEM!! <3
Life's a Bitch. Especially when she's on her period.
#Illinibasketball it's going to be a tough row to hoe.
Everyone come & shop with us today !! Sales sales sales legooo
I love the anchorman
I take that back I love this weather right now reminds me of walking along the beach on both east and west coasts.
Thank you, darling! RT love your new picture!!
you are so right . I don't care who it is . once the beat gets in you can't help but have a great time. Boogie shoe me .
how that working out for you so far
Same to you!
I just want to lay in bed and play my game.
too bad ill be at work id come meet up
The only people you need in life are the ones that need you in theirs.
This past weekend was jam packed with stress... and now I'm breaking out. Oh lahd.
oh I love that... tacos!
thats awesome and thanks i hope they go will if i make it to sing in front of simon i may die lol.
Your wish has been granted. Nashville it is. February 2nd! 6 pm @ Dan McGuiness Demonbreun! Bring your friends!
NP:until the end of times Justin timberlake ft. beyonce
We're offering custom #socialwebinars for clients now - speaking for the NPMA membership tomorrow on reputation management. Going to be fun.
big trade for them. they made a nice deal for themselves RT : Today is a glorious day in Brewers country! Greinke,
I just told an old friend to beat it. An SB1070'er.
Do u know how...? New earth new heaven YES g..
just got a twitter omg dont no wat to do
I just read that 78-percent of antibiotics that were consumed last year were given to animals bred for human consumption. Sad.
unless we offer him more. We need 2 top 6 Fs in a thin market.
Myth: "development does it all." in reality, development just helps to package the ideas and content from museum prog developers
This girl in the stall next to me is OBVIOUSLY pooping. Like don't try make it seem like your not
I bet you have never even read the Bible.
Bring the parents! RT : if I could talk my parents into it I would!
Justin Is Our Flawless
I can't wait for Sunday. I hope we don't get screwed like those that went on thursday.
why thank you x
Thanks for the RT!
Mrs.butler dragged it with the hw . Out of 3 pages i did 5 questions
Fighting spirit key to success
Wondering how much office productivity drops during March. Tweet at us if you're going to watch any Big East games today
congrats to and Gen on their baby boy!
was a blast! Missing your face though... ;)
flipping betwn Ranger Stros on FSN and it appears to me that Rangers have HD cameras and STros are analog..kinda hard to watch..
If is wrong I don't wanna be right
Really? what chararacter did he play?
I wanna so bad!! I need it so bad. I'm working on getting in a better mood don't worry! :)
Exclusive on NBC 7 at 11.. Drag Show creates campus controversy at Catholic school.
On the phone with drunk and she runs out of gas in the middle of 185th
please follow me<U+2661><U+2661> I'm fucking in love with you, just notice me, please :'( 89
Its halloween weekend. What is the best horror movie of all time?
Roughly half of my time grading today is being eaten by blackboard failures. God what a misbegotten piece of software.
Thanks, Lu. I appreciate you giving me a cold to say thank you for the great birthday.
Fixing the lawn mower! >:\
this is gonna be a series.
Upon setting out for an 8hr driving day this morning, I discovered 3 pairs of sunglasses in my purse. None of them belong to me.
i'm listening to dance music:)
Google sent me a Cr-48 Chrome OS Notebook! Huge surprise. Charging now. Can't wait to explore this baby!!
wow, who knew?
#20ThingsAboutMe I love hello Kitty <U+2665>
I'm looking 4 a very Super strong and super-freakishly muscular Amazon and Family in New England 1
newest addition on my bucket list: learn how to ski. in , of course.
yep it was! Hahaha
Thanks to everybody!!! I have conquered another simple goal!!! Happy Monday friends!
I wanna read!!
I'm so sorry to hear that... sending love + good vibes!
In need of marketing products? Get an instant quote at www.spheregs.com
RT : Thanks to all the parents for bringing their kids to my camp this week. What a great group!!
You gotta see the baby!
- am at NMAH I am here at NMAH and will head for Mall side cafe..
We're thankful for and the education and conservation efforts they've supported worldwide.
I hated leaving vm for people at work because I thought they wouldn't take me seriously...I guess it's better than sounding "old"?
"fell off the roof but I'm aight doe"
Thx to you also.
Baby,forget about them,they don't understand;)
Golden Light Catina in Amarillo, Texas. Oldest surviving bar on Historic Route 66! Great food and music!
Me :D
And I don't care, if I don't get anything All I need is you here right now And I'm sorry if I hurt you But I know that all I want is you :)
It's so hard to chew while laying on your back, but this is my break, and if I wanna lay on the floor I will.
kyle busch won the pure michigan 400 at michigan
Robocop 2 is on. Monday just got awesome.
Next at #usinno is Marc Smith, Chief Scientist Connections Action Consulting Group, on Innovation Networks in Social Media
ok imma text u my number.
… Might I be of service to you, madam? ;-)
we'll be at #bbc12 in Indy. Planning pre-conference and post conference events at breweries for attendees as well.
Davy Jones dies. How terribly sad.
I do
Congrats , what an awesome victory!
Pretty Little Liars
Can you believe it's that time of year again? If you still have a holiday party to plan, check out the Holiday Parties tab on FB....
#kids Roberto Clemente: Roberto Clemente Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 10:00 AM Barnes & Noble Booksellers 1000 Cranberry Sq Drive, Cranberry...
“: happy mothers day (:” Thanks :)
Is anyone interested in hosting a house party for a couple acoustic acts, new in this area, to play on Friday or Saturday night?
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : Happy Mothers day to the females that had sex on prom night, and dont know they pregnant !
Absolutely! We love local makers. Will tag you when announcing pro-dev workshops. Ever been to our space?
who pitched on our side? we've got some good arms down there
Came to realization and noticed things I never noticed before...
The excitement of the new homebuyers at Colony Park Town Houses is rubbing off! All of us are smiling from ear to ear! Happy times!
cartography is "the most practical comparative basis for integrating and reducing the vast reaches of modern information" -Jacques Bertin
Anyone out there having problems with Verizon Wireless air cards?
When I leave class I have to fill up my gas tank
I almost missed wishing you a Happy Birthday!
Yay for cancelled classes! Now I can see my love :)
if someone would create a generic Holiday channel on Pandora, I would be much obliged.
noe there is a party I my pants at the bar
you're ard
Thank you for the RT - more details to come!
RT How powerful would it be to have mainstream education community advocate for #museums? Let's do it!
Just talked to the family of the Franklin boy hit by a train last week. Their emotional interview on Live @ 5. Don't miss it.
When I am afraid, I will trust in you. What can mortal man do to me? Psalm 56:3-4
Fabulous job tonight! Worries are over.
COOL. Congrats! I think you're classy enough for BAFTA tho!
great meeting you two last week. best of luck with everything!
You do realize the #US govt is calling stupid #revo #mediaSlaves who fly 3-starred flags #AlQaeda, right?
All single file, dressed the same, corralled by a crazy mustached dictator
oh my gosh how r u? i havent talked to you in a very long time.
I like that! :-) Something to keep in mind for any designs or stories I write in the future! If it's ok?
the live video stream on the web from Italy is over, but still streaming audio. reporter using very colorful language
hahahaha #ew THEY WERE SO GROSS
Nats-Orioles Friday night... who's up for drinking beer in the cheap seats?
yeah it's really good!!!
want me to sing you a song to build up your spirit? *clears throat* Oh wait, I cant sing... *shrugs* Guess you're on your own
York today :-D still wish I'd gone uni there bo.
i know the west ago take it bro
I bought all three of the books ( X3 each) that I'm asking AP students to purchase for summer reading. Total=8 dollars. June 6 delivery.
i can't pay my rent, but i'm fucking gorgeous.
Clippers will keep taking those turnovers if you're just gonna hand 'em to us.
The all new sexy thursdays kick off 2nite inside ladies FREE FREE FREE all nite!!! $3 u call it...bring ur azz out!!!
My new favorite hobby is sitting in hammocks on the beach drinking piña coladas. I need to do this more often.
The prodigal sun.....glasses have been returned
I'm not going there yet....
(of a married couple) to respect each other as if the other were a guest
Enjoying #DirtySoap on Sunday nite - great show,
Thanks so much Kevin!!!
Emo One Liners: Elegant Ways of Saying "Go Kill Yourself Bitch"
Haha yeah :o “ ": My mom is making me this tea with some weed, idk what it is lol" sketchy shit”
I'm inspired by others, but not by my self.
and Delbanco favors realpolitik and theological inscrutability
before i met you, i never knew what it was like to look at someone & smile for no reason
Ugh. Koalas aren't even smart. Though in fairness, you'd be a dick too if you tried to live on nothing but eucalyptus.
RT "You can tell clever people by their answers. You can tell wise people by their questions."—Naguib Nahfouz
If PM chooses Titans any chance Cards look at Hasselback?
Laugh often dream big and reach for the stars.
Game winner! JJOOOOOOONNES
What do YOU aspire to be in life... Reply to me the answer <3 my goal is to be a great photographer and also to help people any way I can
helping at warped tour! :DD
Always a treat, my friend. Have a great weekend!
LOLOL! what do you mean by 'like its nothing?' lololol
The Brick Alley in Frankfort Ky tonight.. Good to be on after a few days off
Knowing that for every man exists a new way to be a man
Saturday hurry up.
I know we haven't talked in a while:s But I thought I'd let you know has a new music video and free song!! :D
this rubs me the wrong way. ok, enough puns for today.
i want mac&cheese </3
Dale asks for a do-over, he thought the vote was for In-N-Out... re-votes and Chick-fil-A passes by a 4-0 vote, Voepel (still) absent
Like the back-end of our rotation. by the way S Rice left MIN for Sea....bwah hah hah hah! Good job Minny! Enjoy 1st pick!
Sorry I missed your community call on 4-11. May I ask: How can a news org become a host site for K-M Fellows?
Teenager shot from passing car
Follow us and tune into, Perspective Sundays at 12:00 pm on WPWR channel 50.
RT #AribaLive 1900 people in attendance yet #Ariba makes everyone feel welcome/collaborative. Great job Tim!
No. You're so wrong. #imightmarryhim #nooffense :)
sleep a lil sleep is good :) follow mee?
Having some really insanely close races in Ridge Racer 3D...
suck my tits as i grab your hair...
You should have recd the #mlanet12 confirm email w/badge # almost instantly after reg, check spam folder?
Got some great stuff for ya ladies!!
good morning babe!
When you don't have a good signal on your phone and you go all lion king on it.
What an awesome day! Surf & then opening the bar... Happy hour at 4 come on over to & say hi
Website updated. 2010 dates posted. Photo cube updated. New official & personal photos uploaded. 2009 winners should be posted later today.
Beautiful Florida morning, but HUMID! My workout was like slogging through fog...Just call me a fog-slogger. Say THAT fast, 5x
Do werk SAN!
hey im on ur fan page but i wanted to be added to ur actual fb page but there are so many different ones. which is u?
Repetition and consistency is critical to getting your message across
yes u need to drop items or ship them to me in advance Price per auto for jones=25
If you don't mind, follow me so I can send you a DM. Thanks!
The heavenly Maine coast !
All you Beautiful Women have been in Hibernation! You looking real good Far Rock!
here too.
From what I saw over the course of this season is the only one who deserved to win! I just didn't see it for anyone else
Never saw a GM ad. But if you're buying FB ads and linking their success to direct sales of cars, you're doing it wrong.
Most in fact DO study only anglophone lit: it's hard to convince college students to study lit in langs other than English
thanks for following me
#FF << FOLLOW HIM! Super Cool Guy & Very Good Friend & Listener! Loves Hockey! Please Follow Him!!
I saw my Juliet come graceful down the stairs. It's hard to miss how her eyes like up the room, and still the air
anti-trafficking activists claim that consensual sex workers don't exist. We are ALL trafficked and in need of rescuing.
Ill just send u my address.
been recording recently?
Tori is my friend and she's a TOTALLY AWESOME human being who happens to have a marvelous voice as well!
Had interviews today after school, I hope I made it...I found out on Monday :3
Americana/jazzgrass and down home good music from #UrbanDrawl at Campbell's Place in Chestnut Hill tonight, 9:30p-1a
Hemoglobin is a great word
your an idiot haha
For example, somebody had the audacity to tell me they were mad at me last week because I was being an ass, like I was going to give a damn
I hate that white ppl circus, clown music. They love it!
I know the functionality is the selling point, but also has the best sound effects in a Twitter client, period.
I've been trying to avoid putting games on my phone, but too many people have been asking me to get Draw Something... I'll cave.
thanks man. Gotta unlock metal Mario
Sometimes too much to drink isn't enough.
They tried to make me go to LOVE LIFE REHAB and I said YEAH YEAH YEAH!!! Come hear week 2 of our amazing series going through Song of Songs!
Great movie! RT A.10 Planes,Trains & Automobiles Love It
Y wont she listen to me?
We love the Pratt! Follow them now! #prattlove RT : We're closing in on 5,000 followers.
Purple Reign... Great way to end an album. Dance Gavine Dance please come to Boston T___T
Do you have a redline?
you guys are twin tweeters!
its great! sang "I Will Always Love You" like an angel, just like Whitney is now!!!!
Your future depends on many things, but mostly on you. - Frank Tyger
Only 37 more hours of Bush!
I asked u back tho! Ha
I'm posting that everywhere. Holy hell.
Tfkk Are You,Your The One Hittin Me Up.?.!
truth. i don't have the stomach for it and bow to those who do.
that scares me and r u a girl
True, but the difference is all in how they want to "deal" with it. ;(
Been wanting to get into the game of golf for the longest. Finally took the 1st step just found a used set of clubs @ a garage sale
news said riot. Bashing windows and lighting fires isn't a protest...or am I wrong? Meh ok angry protest :P
Mocha-Peppermint-Cherry. That's an interesting combo. How was it?
was in some deep sleep until I awoke from a dreadful dream
happy for you;)
Because it was! :p
good morning i love baby sunday happy
Watch for a new Red Cross campaign Coming Soon! More details to come...
It doesn't matter how hard and fast you fell for me. What really matters is how long you're willing to stick around with me.
Hey Jamie, thanks for the follow! It's always good to connect with someone from the Portland area.
Hey sweetie its friday
Research and Markets: Global Virtual Private Network Router Market 2011-2015: Cisco, HP, Juniper Networks and Huawei ...
Interesting...not sure if I agree. CIO's should learn more about finance. CIO's (transformational ones) are engaged beyond IT.
I cant wait for Christmas! :)
just ate meat lovers pizza, I REGRET NOTHING
Lmaoo!! Babe plz get back with that one u just another non factor thatz not even n my life ... Subtweet.
Facebook page now up and running. Come 'Like' us - just search for WeBeGreater!
:) haha i need to download that song ha
Truth. RT : Sure looks like a catch, a fumble and a touchdown for Brian Rolle. First big play in a long time by an Eagles LB.
hopefully we'll see you back around here soon!
text me and I'll tell u why
We meet in conference room today (top of the stairs). We'll miss but trust she's knocking them dead at conference!
i am wats good mama
I love oomf.
Hello hello hello hello hello hello
What. Is. The. Deal.
Yeah 93 til Infinity was getting over here! Its 1 of my faves
(follow on to last tweet, I'm already at the office, so consuming that post doesn't count, right?)
Today is Helen's birthday. What a lucky man I've been to have her in my life. She keeps me grounded. Best boss I ever had. Happy Birthday!!
keep my thoughts to my self , I don't need no opinion.
RT : Spoiling myself for the weekend. Got a mini convertible to drive around this weekend :)
Holy crap, ! That's amazing! Congrats!
Called back for the role of Ellen in OVER THE TAVERN by Tom Dudzick for Seven Angels Theatre, a charming regional theatre in Danbury, CT
We are looking for volunteers to work all shifts on Monday, September 6th at the telethon. Email Liz at for information!
RT : Look im ready to see Mayweather and Pacquiao fight tired of this delay ~ Yes! Please! What is up with all of this delay?
F THIS IM DELETING THIS ACCOUNT 2!x FIRST LEAKING THEN HATE MAIL X
Love love love
No need to be dead just accept the critcism and move on. lol ..you know I was just playin with you though :)
Dinner invitations went out last night!
Mfs always mad when they know I got ut
I don't know if Bruce is ever gonna smell normal again because of bowers.
in love with
ugh thanks for letting me know damn spammers
Going on the ________
I'm jealous! I need a WikiWife. :) Congrats on your first day!
Holy crap I seriously thought it was saturday..
Watching the recorded "New Blended Learning" webinar from Adding social aspects to continue the learning experience is key
So, which well-paid TV job has Santorum landed that made it possible for him to "suspend"? He does have a big family to feed & homeschool.
Even when we have differing beliefs, it should be goal of every American to include civil rights for ALL of us.
very cool!
cux I was on my break lol
Theodore Roosevelt~ Motivational quotesI'm a great believer in luck,and I find the harder I work, the more I have of it
you are going to be beyond amazing! I am so proud of you and what you have achieved. You rock!
dirty dancing aww
ah damn man. Enjoy the rest of your time man!
"I bet she gives great helmet"
There's no better feeling in the world than a warm pizza box on your lap
ur just too much sometimes! LOL!!
The music was telling me to say that
I Have #SaySomethin On Repeat!<3 Amazing Song!(:
Congrats for signing on to direct the Lifetime Steel Magnolis remake! Look forward to learning more about it! Great move!
Working with Final Cut for class. Havnt used it in a while. Wonder how this is going to work for me.
S/O to teachers! ": Let’s support our teachers—and thank them for all they do. #TeachersAppreciationWeek"
wear your heart on your feed.
Clipboard-bearing freak outside : "WOULD YOU LIKE TO SAVE A TIGER WITH ME?"
Umm... I'm eating olives and reading Said and listening to weird debke mixtapes. So Palestinian.
whoa! holy book backlog ~ I started reviewing books a couple months ago...love this little side job - hobby - OBSESSION :)
You know how I do by now!
#digitaldeathday is getting started! Good to see everyone. Updates here all day.
Say what you need to say, but remember that it can't be unsaid. Offer forgiveness, even when it isn't deserved.
shoutout to my new followers !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Thanks Muahhhh
It depends on how well known your collection is among various user groups and where you are promoting it.
Feels good to be back in KC
Board of Supervisors supported SB 973 this morning!
RT : :-) RT: “: "I'm very gooooooooaaaaaaaaaaall!!!!-oriented." (Mexican sportscaster at a job interview)”
Heck yeah, we'll have a lot of fun together when we can play a show there <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>RT : I would love to see you guys
CRAP MY 200 WENT TO it was suppose to go to DAMN IT okay okay 300 goes to Hill!
The flea market is a great place to pop up on a weekend and sell. It's cheap rent too!
2 kids bdays celebrated with good peeps of Now, nightly wrestle time with my son
I'm wearing mine! RT : Don't forget to wear your purple today.
not arguing. 600 is 600, as Bonds taking the alltime mark- true. Steriods wouldn't have entered had they not proved beneficial.
Lol You kno that's Monster Tez": And yo baby boy over here wrecking shit"
CAn you help us? Showing teachers Twitter for PD. Please tell us where you are from and a way you use Twitter.
woah! It's twitter. Remember that.
Facebook, I don't appreciate when you act retarded.
Thanks for the follow. Yes, it it wonderfully beautiful!
If your site appears on "what the world Googled this past year" That's Great... But if they searching for your #Sign-in page, you SUCK!
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US. #MahomiesAreFamily #BigFamily <3. 14
Badgers should get a 4 seed. #selectionsunday!
Already thinking about being overseas
Make today magnificent.
Only 2 more days to our fundraiser at Newark Palace Theatre - Last Night of the Proms on 28th Jan. Tickets £12.50. C'mon Support Twinning!
I hate turning down work. Especially when it involves Ryan Gosling.
I can't stop thinking about your sweet ass, would love to see your hole!!!
cutest lil guy EVER! i'm in love.
"LOL" has gone from meaning "laugh out loud" to "i have nothing else to say."
And the kale salad with seeds... so yummy!!!! Writing a post I would like to include you in :)
Well at least you're being productive I see.
I think I was lucky 2 meet folks at the #crownplaza. nice to meet you and give yall directions to your conference ;o)
Life isn’t about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself – George Bernard Shaw.
Thanks! For the RT too! RT Looking fwd to having you on Thurs!
I wake up to the same 4 walls everyday, i rather wake up in paris.
Great day, great evening.
Choas follows a hurried redesign always. Eventually I get privilege I need, but it can take a long time. ;)
Happiness is an option.
hope the finish line is in site!
...game but now rethinking. Maybe I should start by asking them to respond to the essential q :)
I love old skool R&B #VH1Soul Channel
so what u been up to still working that cafe deal
don't know if i'm spelling it right, but appendix
shoved right back into my cage...
Wish MS Expression would let me slice like Photoshop
Free scone from the coffee lady. This day is going to be awesome.
Close out this beautiful Mother's Day @ Maduro tonight. Chad's mixing it up behind the bar, I'll provide the beats. 8p/music @ 10.
Don't worry, you've got another chance on Last Wednesday, January 25!
i have no love for the cardinals... but 'go nat'l league!'
": Leave me alone..." u knw who u are"
T-minus 6 hours and 43 minutes until my birthday! I expect a present from all of you. Nothing too fancy...just a few MacBooks or something.
watch the Academy Awards(:
Okay-enough nature. Break is over... Now back to work. What are you working on today???
Whats good! love how you rock your
that was mine, btw.
See you at Shecky's Girls Night out!!
Me too. Heading there after /RT Ready for at
when leggings starting doubling as pants.
please let the hostess know I'll be running a bit late
Follow my crew Be on the lookout for big things. Trust me.
The aim of a joke is not to degrade the human being, but to remind him that he is already degraded. ~George Orwell~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
In 1752, the W&M faculty had to pass a rule prohibiting bets on horse racing, cock fighting, and cards and dice games
thanks for the explanation -- and in 140 characters no less :) will dig deeper into the links you sent
is finished job one for the day...getting ready for job two...!
Great now I'm wide awake
Whenever Im Up Late Im Probably Brainstorming..
My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me.
James Acheson: "In the real world, some important resources, such as migratory species of fish, cannot be privatized."
I hope your dreams stay big and your worries stay small
ayee what bar? Im there! Lol
wait in mail or facebook? And whats it for?
Exactly! RT ": "Legislative violence against women" Kerry Washington #Nerdland"
R.I.P MUTHAFUCKIN Carroll Shelby
thanks lady!!!
Surround yourself with progress!
I need Paul imagines to cheer me up.
All Night Express d. Naptown Dragons when Titus pins Lee after the One Night Stand.
I really don't like True Blood....
#OnlyGhettoPeople want something for nothing and blame the next person for their struggles.
Not more than usual
are you the guy who sings on YouTube? (:
*puts mouth peice in* show me my opponent !!
Looking forward to a fun evening with our friends at tonight. Drinks and music on the Patio
Bummed by razor burn? & to the rescue! Get 20% off shaves during May w purchase.
Im really not that short..
good morning <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
i love you but the spurs are gonna win
Drinking on a Sunday.... #WhereTheHellIsSunday??!
Cici text me what you wearing
Working with many new clients this week. What a great time to be at #redmethodinc !
Yeah, i have amazing friends.<3
playing with hashtags for
MARCH MADNESS! Come get HOO HOO HOO shirts, Boiler Hoodies and Irish shirts from today!
I think so. I mean we could walk to it in less than 5 minutes. That practically makes it part of our offices!
LOL....hopefully it was someone good looking...odds aren't in your favor!
Is Tasti D-Lite in Columbia Heights seriously open now? Oh man....
yes very jealous!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
thanks Kurt! Was a pleasure to meet you, as well! I'll be sure to stop by and say hi when I'm in Salem
congrats on baby #4!
More updates from #usairguitar please!
Same here. That's why I want to know what's out there. NO TIME to reinvent the wheel when it comes to #firstgen issues!
I'm an auntie again! Welcome to the world little girl.
GOT time! been lookin forward to this all week
Huge thanks for the opportunity! Hope you're enjoying the day. :)
Anyone who doesn't take truth seriously in small matters cannot be trusted in large ones either. Albert Einstein
Ha! Yeah. That's where I've been with the Yanks/TB series too. What else can we do... Go Yanks, beat TB!
How are y'all mahomies (: ?
Is RIM inherently this dumb and obtuse? No need for personal contact. Just put key info on web site. Need BB parts?: call x
still have to get over there! Sounds delicious!
Yeah, buddy. RT : Congrats on officially being signed,
Thanks so much! Love the article!!!
Alright, we need more followers. this is stupid. SHOUT OUTS guys(:
mike will always have my heart
Oh that is so very sad. But!!!! We can convert him into the Cupcake Worship Clan!
The best recommendation is an introduction by someone who already knows me. Please retweet and follow me.
program committee meeting in NYC across from ground zero on 9/11. good ideas flying on a somber day.
I missed you too! Can't wait till tom. Hugs!
No i NEED to. I didn't make/get you anything ): me and arianna felt soo bad D;
when i say jump you say how high? and when i say go we go all night.
I honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something you hate.
facebook account was hacked again!!! Not sure if i sent anything out yet but beware of Jordans
When falecia singing to you over the phone...
just watched Halloween 2 with friends and im still shaken. i hate scary movies sometimes lol
RT : Later Lovelies ! This day is precious !
Gotcha, keep an eye out for stuff on , many good leagues in that range run on there
Why would I want search engine results from other countries? I don't!!!
Donation Based Polarity for March: 3/19, 3/22, 3/26. Contact to book or for questions. Feel free to pass along.
Think outside the box, then rape the box, shit in the box and light it on fire, then rape it again.
yeah, I'd be opposed to the bailout of football teams!
Finally home from #YEC I had an awesome
woke up early for no reason , errgghh :l Good Morning :D can't wait for today ! <U+2665>
Free screening tonight: The Avengers at AMC Northpark. There's probably people waiting in line now.
Thanks! Oprah is amazing!
Dancing to P!nk in my underwear! Woohoo!
"40 mins in the playoffs is the same as 40 mins in the regular season." - LeBron. I've identified the problem, as NBA games are 48 mins long
Mine does this: <---there is hope for our society after all!
JUSTICE guaranteeing that no person is mistreated & also guaranteeing that the person that needs help the most gets the most help.
That's all folks <U+E328>
Voting patterns support that trend. Will be interesting to see how that shakes out for Obama.
i can't "analyze" a quote to save my fucking life
Chillin with the sister in B-town....
only memories of you Jerome. And all fond ones.
new to twitter and just learned about it on the news
The NEH favicon is now live -- thanks.
If #Knicks Dont Win The Early Bird Rights We Still Can Keep Lin Regardless We Can Match Any Offer But We Probably Gon Lose Novak & JR.
same here, and same question
The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill - cute movie.
You're welcome, glad it was useful, and a drink would be lovely.
It makes a difference. I improved my work wardrobe years before I applied and received my first supervisory position.
How do you pronounce Zotero? Is it Zotero or Zotero. I guess it's a tomato/tomato kind of thing...
o aight coo, i'm a hit you up !
Check out Amazon, iTunes and your On Demand cable service for A Bird Of The Air
awesome. Great reply!
yes I know! Freakin hurricanes lol will keep u updated!
973 squad up
Every time I wash my car it rains...hm I should wash my car more often ;-)
tried to tweet to Justin, computer went crazy, tried on my ipod and it died... Wow Nothing can handle
Holmes on Homes is great!... for Canadians. #insidejokebetweenmeandmikeholmesfans?
oh no! mega liquids, rest, and call the doc. oh wait, you already know that, Nurse Rizeq:)
No pity. How 'bout a spank?
im doing much better..if that is what you are asking.
follow back?? ;)
Fabulous afternoon with educators from rural schools...great discussion with their admins this evening...but glad to finally be home.
since I'm @ the potawatomi buffet I won't b joining ur #fufat group
I don't remember shit but that -___- haha you kept saying I was half naked that whole night tho!/: lol
Recording a full length album for Aly Jayne! Listen for it in the coming months...
Rain or shine, it will be fine. See you tonight, 5 'til close.
It's 1 of the rare few days a year I wake up early lol ;-D
The Lure Lounge..in chinatown
Why is it the I run out of batteries when I'm in the Presidential suite of the recently closed Sahara Hotel?!?!
Bummer of a brat fry day, but booth between Peck and MEL still going strong
I swear. If my dad calls Cody Simpson gay ONE MORE TIME, I just might have throw a brick through the wall.
please tell me you're not a Michigan men's basketball fan.
wait how is the weekend over so fast.
Great article. Thanks for including us!
Deadly Spawn is a hoot
any artists/labels/ promo companies got a mailing list? hit us up, we are down to support!
just saw concert dates....Frankie Beverly and Maze at DTE on July 13th
great food last week event!! Yummy!!
thanks, Cindy! Is that your Derby hat?
unfortunately not yet. We are however working on it. :)
So to my name is now derek meredith? Newsflash 2 me
You know what be awesome? A Christmas Story / Avengers crossover event.
... and then go over to #AmexBestBuy and buy a new flat screen tv.
the initial one would be $30 (design setup, etc) - email me the logo at & we can get started!
Go Yankees all the way!!
#WeLoveLouisTomlinson I love BooBear because its obvious he loves the boys so much! :)
Go, , go! On pace for a 3:10 at the today.
I hope that realizes after seeing himself what am immature, racist snot he is. The rest of the men have no balls
Hey how are you. Nice Blog! Follow Back :-)
Are u Mac 10's lil bro
Well, were you following them back?
#peopleneverchange so true
We're at #SMCF2012 over at Austin Community College Eastview Campus! Stop by and Check us out! (we are across from Social Media Club )
Aside from the obvious health reasons, we have the probably even more obvious aesthetic reasons
#RestlessRascals are in
Wishing Everyone a Happy New Year and a wonderful 2012
he makes a nice tuna casserole…so you are in good hands.. : )
lol must be! i do the same thing. :)
Ghana was the better team today.
that's a lovely new profile picture. You look adorably trapped.
Reuse dryer lint and cotton from pill bottles to start campfires or fireplaces.
God love the out-of-the-blue donor calls offering $10K gifts.
What's on your mind?
Does that mean your not coming anymore
ill see you tomorrow! really wanted to make it today
Some lady is staring at my mom eat O_O wtf...
not from where I'm standing.
#Facebook's buying #Instagram?! Damn! FB ruins everything! They better not ruin or kill Instagram. Love it so!!
#SinceWeBeingHonest sometimes I look in all the wrong places .
Thanks, just found out this weekend!
yeah at blades in Rio Rancho
ITS FRIDAY !! ANOTHER DAY CLOSER TO VACATION <3
weird, vinnie actually looked good last night.
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 50
Beerframe! Very nice....
Gov Brownback and his staff lost all command for respect by going after a teenage critic. #heblowsalot is funny
man fuck instagram shit dosent even load fast anymore and everybody just uses it for fame now
nice... my grade went up to a C! i'm praying to god i do good on the final, i want a B minus. correction: i NEED a B minus
I'm going to have a good weekend, I am not trying to worry about what everyone else is doing.
": The Lord will make perfect that which concerns me. Psalm 138:8 #PraiseTheLord"
our SJ was rapping SJ's lines when they were in the truck in the movie.
Exactly not even a slap on the wrist. Can't say the same for Mota of the Giants...100 games for his 2nd steroid offense!
RT : Paul Pierce Tebows. This game has hit rock bottom.
nope! i think it was 's!
miss u to sis, what are you doing for the summer
More Cold Rock editing this morning, then meetings in afternoon on e-publishing. Here's to a productive day, everyone.
Thank you! It's always good to hear from someone who has experience. A tiny bit of blood is fine too, yes? cc:
I'm actually tweeting... It's been awhile...
My gym routine IS my marketing strategy - but why am I not seeing any lift?
Looking for disruptive, investment-ready, for-profit social entrepreneurs that can scale. May have an investment opportunity for you. DM me.
I come home for like 3 weeks then have to go back for work outs. Are you gonna be at Western or home?
History in the making RT: Good news.Bob arum agrees to the random testing.
Did you know? you can get 2 for 1 drink specials in the bar?
have two none working og one's tho
For crying out loud, _another_ week off? Your staff must love having so much paid time off. What a gig.
Say what you mean and mean what you say for goodness sake
“: I don't need a perfect relationship, I just need someone who won't give up on me.”
I have never known what the hell was in my future. As a poor boy, that has been my strength. Pity those who think they know their future.
How exciting!
I just wanted to go to school today ):
debatable! where is up north!?
Seems to be a business meeting.
Okay, I've watched videos about the Indoctrination Theory & if it's true. I take back everything I've said about ME3's ending.
Do we need anymore proof that the NL is worse than the AL? Just look at what Brad Penny did tonight.
happy to be here for you!
Perhaps more interesting: Most common meter across Iliad and Odyssey: All-dactyls: 7600 lines. Single spondee in the second foot has 5700.
With all the "reality" shows, why not one for TV/FILM writers trying to break in to the biz?
Fuck yes tomorrows friday.
1.32 for bacon! Wtf pigs be pricey these days
Happy mothers day! <U+E328><U+E304>
good and you?
Best of luck for this evening's Pay-Per-View Eric. Our best to the family. Here's to positive vibes cross the board for everyone!
No Bopper and Mark :'(
Ran a strange but kickass Oly + powerlifting meet today. Congrats to all lifters. Time for more beer ...
See you in Columbia, restaurant recs welcome!
Goodnight,sweet dreams xoxox
Papa johns at my front door, with Marvel NCR about to begin. Lets go!
I definitely agree! Was a huge fan of the cartoon. It was my early introduction to David Warner (he voiced Alpha). -Michael
you better!
Woman who are book & street smart >
When will you notice me..? Today? anyday? someday?
You better switch sides and bELIeve in I'm excited for my very first football game!
My contacts are bothering me >.<
Rise and Grind! Have a nice day. :)
Of course right after i shower , my bus calls to say its not running
they work you, anything to bring ya down, smh
nope havent been sence december but im moving with my sis n i think i flunked so if you in 8th grade n less you cant go to
Not supposed to use a cell phone near a gas pump either. :O) “: buying gas at the time”
Seidio Innocase Extended Rugged Hybrid Case & Holster for HTC EVO (Black) better than the otterbox defender
They're all probably in the nosebleeds. Too poor for club level.
CISV followed me to Pittsburgh!! Cannot wait for programs next year
The less people in your cipher, The less people to decipher.
hello my bro!! How are you?:)
he'll get it! :p haha it's me!
were you nervous before you got back on the ABDC stage again?
Sunday's Best!
be gentle with me, I'm new and fragile
What happened in sports this weekend? How about the (near) perfect NBA Playoff game? And, not a soul but the #DigSportsDesk even noticed.
we found love in a hostess cake!
Watching Toy Story 3 and all i can think of is and
Preparing for blast off!!
It is only with the heart that one can see rightly; what is essential is invisible to the eye. ~Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Drop by Booth C-3 for a free gift, prizes, and information about the 2012 Martin Institute Conference.
Before you write the program, write a poem about what the program does.
That was a test to see if your a last word freak failed
Jim Buckley (protest candidate) is pulling 39% of the vote in his race against Donna Seidel.
Fuck it, ripped tights are stylish, yeah? YEAH.
has a cute ass forehead.
I have to give credit to my friend for that term, but sounds like fun, right? I can't wait to go back to the store! Haha
OK, so it hasn't been every day, but I am on my way. Whip up some Queen City Cayenne, stat!
Random Ohio location.
I don't think anyone can.
LA get ready... is spinning live ! It's Friday 13th & raining, time to party!
It's ridiculous how much I'm enjoying this tomato lecture.
#echelon3000 this Thursday With Meek Mill live MMG TAKEOVER #teamselfish ladies free all night
Where's my game ball? :).
What in hell is Newt doing at a FAMILY Forum debate? Is he the "exception" to the rule? Watching how these idiots plan a theocratic U.S.
I shall be reposing upon my fainting settee, should anyone need me.
Woo! For #islands tonight at #mississippistudios Yayaya! &
I have two - Monks' Wit & local-to-PA Jack's Hard Cider. Given my usual tastes, liking both of these surprised even me!
I just had a dream and I met(: I think I cried when I woke up and realized that never will happen. #simpsonizerfamily 143
its coast
A Scene Aesthetic playing tomorrow at shadowplay lounge! doors open at 4PM, $12, 8 other bands playing! going to be huge, tweet 4 more info!
MT : MD Anderson welcomes AT&T to announce their $1mill gift to telesurgery program. Presentation starts at 10am.
Game 1 was bad, but we made a bit of a comeback; game 3 is looking the worst of all--embarrassing actually. C's need to rally!
miss it;)
Not sure this counts but I'm a voice coach w/openings for new students - as long as I'm teaching I don't need a day job! :-)
i fell in love with Ben at the signing ystrday </3 plz help me do the 1 thing i wnna do b4 i die. go on a date with ben<3
“: #WTF glad i don't use BofA // Bank of America is going to charge $5 a month for the convenience of using ATMs?” bait and switch
Just finished watching a Fab Five special on Made me love Steve #Fisher even more.
Rock Flag and Eagle!
Ya. I just bought myself flowers. :)
I'm with on this one. His opinions about sports figures r too strong considering his background.
On set all day filming Pioneer Commercial!!
Cant wait for Wednesday- beach day(;
Did you know that when you exercise your stem cells turn into bone cells instead of fat?
is there a adapter needed to plug in the car and recharge?
yea it is realy good
oops...there I go being accidentally insensitive to total strangers again. I'm really not a jerk.
Slut? Kyle, you shouldn't talk about yourself like that.
I've always wanted to do a cruise anyway, and when I saw the clubs on board? I was like, "Okay, I can avoid kids there!" LOL
I wish u would run me over with that bus of yours, so i wouldn't have to listen to you.(:
#ICantStandWhen I am forced to be around someone who thinks they are above others.
Roads are slick, lots of cars sliding into the ditch. No major injuries reported yet.
There is an old man in Meijer unsuccessfully driving a motorized cart. He's hit me twice and I apologize to HIM! He's still following me...
At the crib writing for this ill collab with
Bernard the #BudgetBear is going to change the way your kids think about money.
Time for Netflix and bed. :)
who would you pick up from FA Tashard Choice (have felix and didnt get murray) or johnny knox?
Valentines Day... The celebration of love, and sex.
Can't get to the nail shop quick enough!
lol! What... speed?! She b movin
I was about to say!!!
MT “ MLS should differentiate from the standpoint they need to SUPPORT [video]. We have to go around them to make it work #revideo”
you did not shave your head.....
she is darling! She will be a very beautiful bride! What a wonderful couple!
ohh so thaatttsss what you and Taylor do when you hangout.. practicing? ;D
We are looking forward to seeing all of you at #BIGIDEA. Beer, Wine, Food, and #NOLA entrepreneurs!
"Some changes look negative on the surface but you will soon realize that space is being created in your life for something new to emerge."
they get HD yet?
Watching #thevoice with my parents and having so much fun! Go team
PARAPROSDOKIAN is a figure of speech in which the latter part of a sentence is unexpected, often for comic effect.
Ha! Only Dave isn't a mad scientist. (Thinks) WAIT a minute...;-)
That's super exciting, did you take lots of pictures?
talkcounts is hosting Difficult conversations at IEP meetings this Saturday at 9:00am join us
I didn't have the same fitness or ability as the other girls, so I had to beat them with my mind
Absolute radio, Alice Cooper, Elected. Whomever uses this song gets my vote.
I signed up but when I went to add my projects I got a 404 error.
on vita?
Karma, dude. Should've been here for game 6.
Who else is attending #Bisnow Washington Real Estate Summit tomorrow? (perhaps easier to ask who isn't attending)
you were textin me
Im off this bitch ' bout to get my day started . E V E R Y O N E have a blessed day . Have fun & be safe .
Go play RT : It's the first day of summer and national skateboard day. 100 kids now shredding at RPD mobile skate park on...
You can't be serious
MEDIA MATTERS has to be FEVERISHLY mobilizing ALL its MSNBC&CNN Anchors to fight back HARD.
that's so cute.
thanks Colin! You are great! See u Friday (Anna)
That's great--congrats! We'll have to do lunch again soon.
thx. Can u give them a worksheet they can then upload into a OneNote notebook? Not as an attachment but a real page and type on?
who do you hate boo.
John Q is trending does that mean it's on?! That movies badass!
Good Morning! Don't forget to vote for your favorite cover for VIBRANT magazine! It debuts in May! WWW.vibrantmags.com
i am also hoping for 6th. Kings or Stars would be awesome series.
3. When you hear Justin's name in use, go up to the person and give a creeper face and say, "Justin... Bieber..?" *creepy smile*
Izturis is the absolute worst. It's INSANE.
Yum. Is this your new home that I see in the background? I need to grab a baguette at Bread Co, wine and come over. ASAP.
good morning enjoy your day!
we (CNDLS at GU) do grad stds + faculty but i'm not aware of any ugrads + faculty workshops done here. you?
um thank you!
follow me back so I can DM you about that position! thx
Everybody's talking about Occupy Portland's looming midnight deadline to clear out the encampment.
Review: Great combination of mystery, love and street smarts.
bills fan & yeah i agree > “: Poe, Gilmore, Irvin, Smith among the picks I dont get. Like em but not that high.”
Happy mothers day mom! love you so much.
The copy of #Trespassing that I ordered came in the mail today. Thanks for signing it!!!! =D
When is someone going to find the next batch of 'forgotten' 2Pac tracks?
Met Alyssa today. She's great!
Thankful for my community. Time to bring CHANGE!
I'm so excited that Ree replied to you! E!
Keep rocking the music! Glad to be connected
Hopes that she will be on Charlie Rose
GOT MY FIRST CAR! :D Yeah Boy! HateLies<3Trust
You are the color that I'm bleeding (;
What would you like to ask President Obama during his trip to Western Washington?
Can someone plz tell us about a Great April Fools Day prank they either played on someone, got done to them or heard about?
I can't even find, the perfect brush.... so I can paint what's going through my mind.
It's "Bike to work week". Wish I had a penny farthing!!!
CNN needs to stop bring up the drugs.... A great woman just died ya need to give ya respect this is the same when Micheal Jackson died
Our wait is always shorter earlier or later in the day! And you can always feel free to send someone ahead!
but from where?
I want to go back to 79 and hit up a disco
Cant wait to see my daddy I miss him!
Im not cool enough to go to a pep rally
Sunday Funday was such a success with and @ jynettelynell. What on earth shall we do til next Sunday?!
Finn and puck otp
Mother's Day Idea: Buy mom a gift certificate to take a cooking class at Tap and Table! Every month we teach a new menu.
Hanging out at Devil's Elbow near St Robert on Route 66. Great little biker BBQ/bar here. Great people too.
hey what games are you going to this weekend at F2H?
We're also in the gym for mrs kims class..:o
Now I may have faith, to make mountains fall But if I lack love, then I am nothin' at all
Listening through #DreamTheater's discography chronologically before they come to Columbus in June...currently working on "Awake"
Yeah, they have started doing it too
love this! liked the flats too, but jeggings!? Come on now you're on the cover of Time!
kawaii <3 RT :In the studio a couple weeks ago working on vocals for the new album.
Don't you just want to put your boots on? I wonder if you have to have advanced spatial senses to make these.
Mixters class! BORING!!!!!!!
I don't have a man-purse. But I do have a tiny shiny silver backpack. I keep guns in it.
please stop making us listen to Jay Feely
TVA fans are the coolest fans on earth. It's official. Thanks for a great show tonight!!
ok and i hope your son feels better soon
eu to com frioo !.
You could always stay in town. I'm sure there would be something to do in town that night....
really? really? I hate 8flavahs so much.
all of our readings about curry <3 my fav was the Julia ;)
What? Explain
Wish I was still there :(
Wow ... there sure are a lot of naked photos on my phone, ,,
#SO to Tiago Splitter who just airballed two free throws, Blake Griffin style.
Well, that went well.
hahha I love you too ;)
Oops. Digital copy of The Paris Wife from the 1derful Omaha Lib expired w 80 pgs left. Now what? Pay BN $12 so I can finish it?
Led the Colonial life in Williamsburg this past weekend! Feelin' patriotic!
what r the guidelines? Hook me up! :)
Print of the day! 50 White T-Shirts w/ 1 Color Print sizes S-XL $4.00 per shirt. Free setup and delivery. Special ends Sunday 7PM PT.
great! let's meet at the registration table after break out sessions
haha ya I know :) plus the best coffee n the world :)
don't u just love it when people stuff words in your mouth?
First they steal your mind and then they steal you
lol *twisting my hair together* = hair crossed
Liliane: "alors, she was still a young woman."
I miss
anytime. Shit in the small bathroom.
Saw The Hunger Games last night, and it was absolutely amazing :D. Even though they left stuff out from the books :(
Just unapplied for a job. Felt good.
Lmfao wow really?
Are you at oakland arts fest? Tweet us a picture if so
My heart is truly broken for Mo Rivera. Mo you inspired me to stay level headed on the mound. Hope to see you back. God bless.
cross lanes
i love <3
Kenan and Kel! 90's are #allthat, but what about pete and pete?
because of genetics, 1 out of 3 people sneeze when they see bright lights.
Everytime I come on. More followers!! Muahh thank you!!!
Katherine Henderson from Auburn, a 200 yr. old Presbyterian seminary. Seeking to be effective peacemakers.
From the Canadian Winter festivals now back to Fashion Week. No rest for this lady
I went to private school & I can't say that isn't a failure either- it has it's problems too.
Ughh...my wrist feels naked without my watch (-____-)...lol
we were in europe yesterday!!!!! WtF
I earned my pizza today after a long, fun day at the !
What takes place is instantly everywhere - the world is really now interconnected
I may not be the strongest, I may not be the fastest, but I'll be damned if I'm not trying my hardest.
#nathanred 2 light bulbs are hanging out. 1 bulb says to the other bulb: Your too bright! The other bulb replys: Glow me!
you know you could get coffee before starbucks ;)
Madonna was amazing she always knows the right timing for everything, so great!
A snapshot of Kodak's hits and misses
Hi Jenna! TJ Harrington here. follow the Rochester Attorney Review on Twitter.
RT : He said it was from a chat with you <= Specifically the vulnerability cycle. Chis & I came up with that years ago
WOOT OFF! No sleep tonight...
lol lucky I wanted to go see it lol I might go on Sunday to see it :3 lol What flavor was it :3
imu2 text me
French stained glass please and thank you!
The humidity feels like death.
American idol code word for going home is "You're on it to win it!"
I want spiderbites so badly
After scanning my drivers license, Starr and I had a rousing discussion of state laws for license renewal.
One of this year's KCAI graphic design alumni - Tammy Shell - has an internship this fall at MoMA. How cool is that??
Pouring rain today. Glad we decided to shoot tomorrow!
I mean PHONE NUMBER!
so true!! Next year i'll have my graduation and i really look forward to it!! ;))
Write. Edit. Review. Graphics. Write. Edit. Review. Graphics. Must be magazine production time.
Rain rain go away
see u heshers 2nite at Club Garibaldi's in Milwaukee. Doors at 9p.m.!
Is Looking 4 Sponsorship 2 Help Take The Radio Station 2 The Next Level & Build Their Radio Studio! Donate donate!
Woo JLS was Amazing! :') <3waaaahh we were so close!!!!!
RT : We are overwhelmed at the amount of messages we've received today, thank you so much to everyone. Rest In Peace Guv
then my nickname is CEO of Apple aka: President of the United States of America aka: DJ Pauly D
RT never take someone for granted because you know they'll come crawling back to you. because one day, they wont.
Not a good 2nd half for the Blazers
would like to thank everyone who came out to the Relay for Life event on April 30.
#LCRA rain gauge across 360 from my house recorded 1.12" of rain -- in the last 15 minutes.
Have you seen yet? Local DC company with an interesting offering.
Not even Ron Pope helps.
Merry Christmas to you all and thanks for following Piano Addict
”Once you get above Orange County, you're...ya know...you're in America.” NY AG Eric Schneiderman @
Lipstick Radio is looking for a #News Guru for our new format. If you have a news blog & great #radio voice/personality send us your link!
I believe in
Your tweets during SMW were so helpful that I'm not surprised your mother was a librarian! Thanks for the kind words!
I love you too baby :) now let's make a baby LOL
Do you use a parking app on your phone that actually is useful? One that shows you available spaces. I haven't had any success with them.
16 gigs of ram, 2 tb hd...i7 processor...sounds like a winner...I think im choosing this over the shitty mpb
Don't rehash the same ideas on your cover letter as your resume. Explore other areas.
Hello Wisconsin. First snow of 2012.
so bord we love you lul wayne
you should highly consider making buddy nix your vice mayor when you run for mayor
Ditto. And when people at the restaurant I'm eating at or the park I'm reading in are being annoying, I could pause them.
I hate that feeling of feeling lonely!
Going dress shopping! :D oh yeah
tell the government to fix the child support enforcement jaugernaut so that the childs father has a means to help!Poverty!
Always welcome!! #TakeTheOath ->RT : A big THANK YOU to Ms.Whitfield for holding it all together during the shoot.
hungover and crabby are we? did you have a raging a bar?
Twenty left from a thirty pop one pop two I cant eat
The test of literature is, I suppose, whether we ourselves live more intensely for the reading of it
if it ends up coming in during the wee hours of the morning, that's ok
I'm sorry but that's awful greg
Yes, I want to sync with the device. No, I don't want to repair the disk. It's my phone.
I'm deleting...
Hi Susan, thanks a lot for the follow, I really appreciate it. from: Tony Perez @ www.thecoupondeal.com
Florida State Parks offers a fun way to encourage visits with a "passport"! Looks like a great way to visit the parks and do our paintings!
that moment when you texting trying to be serious and auto correct just ruins it for you...UGh
omg I can totally understand why you felt that way! Ugh, what a waste of two and a half hours!
I bought them and am in red love!
I was born with tragedy in my blood .
I'm sorry, when was Dwyane Wade no longer a superstar?
According to , office leasing activity dropped more than 30% from 8.5 million SF in 4Q11, and overall deal volume dropped by...
reminder: Wednesday (Nov. 3) at 3:00 p.m. - to benefit AEBP 5% of all Whole Foods proceeds from Lamar and Gateway will feed KIDS!
Root Beer sucks after having spicy food.
My bad i spelt his name wrong
MT : A banner at today's Old Firm match apparently said 'your grandchildren will be Celtic fans'
Put confidence in what you do.
Without communication and influence - a relationship doesn't really exist between two people. - itsjustme
Anyone have tips for a friend taking the office support WI civil service exam? Not a a lot of resources out there.
im glowing on the train =\ Chi & Jae was right... but they were being some assholes bout it.
"One mans trash is another mans treasure" ; )
things will never be the same!!!
Gibson has an anger problem, Octo-mom is open to porn and John Edwards lied...duh!
I mean.. Drew is a pretty common name. So calm it down there sparky
there it gos!, its on the floor.. ha... now I'm 1 CENT RICHER... lol
Livebrary - allows users to see what's happening in a lib. Circulation data as materials move back and forth, data visualization
what??? Call me!
watching dispicable me with joey back at the mayflower hotel in dc
no reason. Wasn't even a cork popping for me...just love the sound.
As happy as I can be in my boyfriend's sweatpants :)
... a playmaker at 3 (Richardson) and an old QB in Weeden. Do the #Browns ever learn from the past or just enjoy toying with the fans?
wendy's:)
of course! :)
That sucks for you, because either they're right, or you still have to spend eternity in Heaven with those losers.
Doubleshot kind of day
we're curious - what are y'all drinking over in Edinburgh?
Matt, sent you an email!!!! xoxo
Happy birthday
“: Dear Facebook Friends who are now getting twitter, I made a Twitter to get away from you. Sincerely, GTFO.”
School should just end like now. And be over with forever.
ew, that's my life too...... hahahaah
nothing really, you? (:
I don't even recognize that uber organized room. Where did that come from?
gotcha, that makes more sense. And I don't know why you are on that list, especially the first one mentioned.
please follow my friend
We need items like restaurant gift cards, iPad, Magic tickets, etc.
With the#2 pick Denver selects Von Miller...
I am trippin' right now....“: R.I.P. MCA. #nosleeptillbrooklyn”
great performance today at the event! Wake up was jammin'!
Thank you so much!
seriously?!!!!!!! Random exaggeration
My biggest pet peeve is...
okay do it (:
hey! Thanks for the follow! I can't wait to connect!
I enjoyed your singing
- is it because it's either/or Jeff and/or Mutt ?
Work harder love more play to win..
Sometimes, I only feel beautiful for 3 minutes and 27 seconds. RT if you get it
thanks so much for following! let your friends know to follow as well? It would mean the world<3
who u crushing on
Can someone get me a meeting with Elaine Strickland? Or a position as her P.A.?
I know my roots (everyone does) however I do work in Chicago media. Hope you're well.
Try the Peanut Butter Burger at Scotty's
Obama ain't got the guts you fat fuck. I thought you leftists like truth to power. He was just telling the truth. Obama sucks.
no one knows what that means but its provocative - will ferrell
tonight we are younnnggggg do lets set the word on fire. and shit like that.
Three days, five hours, and twenty-four minutes til our reading at Txikito. Sun 13 Feb at 6pm. 240 Ninth Ave.
I've been so spoiled all weekend.. Don't want to go to school tomorrow. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
my screen aint been workin on my phone for almost 2 months now and some of the stuff people left me <<<<<<<
Voice driven apps: Siri. Is this the right approach?
Just bought a 2007 Chevy aveo sedan a year ago but I would love a sonic
I want you to be my shorty.
So they are different fan pages created by you
pop lock and drop it
: and from need contact info for Jodi from , can you send them a DM? Thanks
I need a new camera (have a Konica-Minolta now). Any recommendations?
I agree, I love Larry (:
love that song ! I was hearing it today on the train
Delayed on set muscle soreness is real. Now I know why I stopped working out. Word of the day is "pain!"
I seriously should have. It's one of the few football games I would even watch. My dad isn't think this flight itinerary through.
my talk isn't cheap :p
YES. we are secret slobs. all of us!!
I'd love a Scholastic follow!
Whatever happened to Ja Rule?
I'm gonna murder this lady.
one time use...If you re-used you would have a manifestation of contaminants that would be in your flood waters
I'm craving cheese cake >_<
For more inside scoop on The Commons Magazine, be sure to follow our publisher Dr. Eileen Hulme -
okay thanks.
Is there a "submit" button (after we pick our favorite project)?
It's going to be a long day. Not a bad day (at least, I don't suspect it will be bad) ... just long. I need more sleep.
INFORMATION DEPARTMENT ACTIVELY DEFENDING OPPOSITION PROPAGANDA IN NEW MEDIA
Watched a firefly die. So sad to see it's light go out.
I hate the fact that my laptop is so big. Can't take that shit anywhere -.-
Well Aren't You The Model Boyfriend Lol.
Yes. This. RT I miss
“ “ Im playing a game with no rules.. So somebody bound to get hurt.””
Talk about planning ahead: 2013 #Coachella tix go on sale this Thursday at 10 AM
Natural Breast Enlargement Evaluations?! Bay Hill
Just had lunch with the New Senior pastor of Orchard Community Church, Campbell, CA. Excited for him and them.
You're perfect in everyway. I could of been there for you when you needed me most. I wish i could of held you in my arms when you cried.
That Awkward moment when you have a dream about your crush and when you wake up your heart is beating so FAST !
Vivid imagination.
Were like fire and gasoline, I'm no good for you, your no good for me. We only bring eachother tears and sorrow.
My tummy hurts someone come rub & kiss it
The things we do for love...
11am time slot is now full! 8am, 12pm, and 1pm are still available!
I'm gonna try and stay positive this week.
Thank you!! I just missed you! :) There'll probably be a lot of "Damn Patriots" tweets, they're not doing well at the moment.
#3WordsForYou who hurt you?
Dear NC, i would greatly love if you would bring back those 70 degree temps we had at the beginning of the week. Love, Emily
Nap time!!
i really need a vacation like real tea ugh
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off the goal.
I really hope Jo gives the actual cup to Gabby even if the win and the money belong to J. Please she deserves it this time!
It really made me laugh. A few times. I am looking forward to the novel!
I really need to shape up before bikini season comes ):
Sitting in my car for 1/2hr delay before my 200m due to rain.... I'm still determined to PR today
tough loss last night, but we are gonna be ok, can't wait to take the bus to Chicago to put out the Fire!!!
I feel sad for anyone that pays a 'CJ WIlson' 77 million dollars. Is this Powerball? That kind of scrilla shouldn't be thrown at B players.
omg zayn..... seriously you can't just do that Lololol fml
no it's a hard read.
It is cranky fact. Why do you think they call her The Iron Lady.
Girly night with (:
Love that regularly credits their Research Dept. on the when citing stats.
Did you hear that Davy Jones of the Monkees died of a heart attack today? I sent Donna an email as she must be very sad.
RT if you have Xbox LIVE
we can make that happen!
I love my teacher
No one is EVER higher than Tim Lincecum. Oh wait, you said "ranked higher." Sorry, my mistake.
At Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles with
Don't forget to order your meals before the January 22, 2012.
It's done. Move on and let this go b4 it gets really serious. #Realtalk. No more tweeting each other
haha! Good luck with that one!
Drive for Perfection. Tolerant for Failure
The tongue of a mature blue whale has approximately the same mass as that of an entire elephant.
I know. :3
Do not hang up on me. End of story.
George beat the fuck outta Jared!!! LMFAO
In need of custom clamshell boxes or exquisite letterpress invitations? www.bellafortebooks.com We're HOT!
I think it would be great if the ravens' Sam Koch stopped and started singing some soul songs.
why would they send a scout if it isn't an option... they could use an arm... any arm!
The thing about getting A's, even as a great playmaker, is you need to be playing with guys who can get G's...
Nothing makes one feel so strong as a call for help
"Walking Tall" w/ The Rock. Can't decide if it's a great bad movie or just plain great
Hip Hop is my cry for help, the acceptance that i never felt/ the weaker me that reaches out, while the crowd outside just claps and shouts.
ik u do(: so does dylan<3
really should have chosen a more challenging math class. On the other hand, being in here makes me feel incredibly smart.
Who went to see The Vow over the weekend? Did you shed a few tears?
Hahaha you can say that again! Specially first thing in the morning..
Hey all RaeLynn's Prom & Social Occasion Boutique Fans! What did you get for Christmas?!
If you haven't already,spread the word about the band and contest not only by tweeting #tsparmy but by telling your friends,family,pets,etc.
Yup! Friday - Sunday!
Big time rush?? Really..pretty gay there dallas..
Sell Your Home Smarter When the real estate market is a roller coaster, a homeowner has to sell your home smarter not harder. The average
RT : Excited to be hosting Going to be wild tonight!
thanks for the #FF!
yes bro!
It looks like the refs decided to take this game off. Lol! #Clippers/Grizzlies
I'd rather have the Mochi ice cream..
I'm saying he's a phone booth RT : So you're saying Mr. Met is a Time Lord?
Nice to meet you 2012...so glad you are finally here!
NYT is a joke. Why is David Brooks the last person in the U.S. to realize/admit that the Republicans are bonkers? Grow up America.
Organizers Bryon Blum and Bill Smith introduce Sign Pros to the Giant Rat! (Pictured Bryon Blum)
Just had a gud run now I'm tired time for a gud shower n meal things in my life r about to get better thanks to almighty God u the best
« I remember those dayz» me too
Between track meets, baseball games and flag football games Im gonna be super tan.
#TEDxABQ Cathy McGill - chills!!! Amazing grace, amazing woman
My friends >>>>
shid it shook me too lol
Weekend cheers to all! RT #FF Thanks for the RTs this week! (via )
Court rules McD's Happy meals legal. Toys weren't making kids fat. Ya want skinny kids, make the doors smaller so fat parents can't get in.
Lookin to get my tickets for the next concert down here! Ready to rage again;)
1. Have you ever been romantically involved with Cristiano Ronaldo?
what a night!!
"A mind free from all disturbance is Yoga." - The Yoga Sutras of Patanjali
I really need to master the password for the #falsealarm days! I know the alarm comp thinks i'm slow lol
hey!sorry I missed ur twit.I'm good. My vacation is over already))How r U?
I stay making it
do you have Google music beta yet?
“: Congrats to Girls' Track----- Sectional Champions! 1st in Girls' Track History!”
ok, hope to see on the hill someday
Fuck Justin!EMINEM is the king
This wine I had with my dinner sure did help my carpal tunnel pain
Thanks for the support
Podcast Coming Soon!!!!!
give students rewards for getting involved.
its early and I've been hit in the head a lot
": The more defensive U R towards constructive criticism, the more likely the criticism is spot on.
heading there for six months for a deployment... I'll be back soon :)
No one / to witness / and adjust, no one to drive the car
How many of you have had trouble finding or getting a job because of your tattoo(s)??
Ouch - another burn for #Baltimore. Ravens Defensive coordinator Chuck Pagano is coming to Indy to coach the
Game Spotlight: Mount &amp; Gladius Mod For Mount &amp; Blade - Cinema Blend
I know. Have fun in your trip, hopefully you don't find a husband <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Impressive, looks like he had a really great NBA career. You in Madison?
how's back home?
"Pretzels r beer's favorite person."
The sun goes down, the stars come out, and all that counts is here and now.
Now that I think about it...it may be a better email so it makes the most sense!
California, here we come! C:
Sixers gone win this series
Though I may have to nickname Chandler Jones "Bing Willie 2.0" as a combined shout-out to both McGinest and "Friends."
Someday you'll miss me like i missed you. Someday you'll need me like i needed you. Someday you'll love me and i won't love you.
I have just been informed that I will be going to a strip club tonight. Stay tuned, this should get interesting.
Bye bye hair.
Or maybe that should be "bonus: no monster sex." It's the great dilemma of our times (or at least of summer 2010)
Ready for the madness tomorrow night!
Twitter says I can,t add any more followers to my acct for a while,Iv,e reached there limit,but please still follow and I will follow youiic
Thank you so much. RT : happy mother's day :)
Chandler man who burned son over bible sentenced He was sentenced to 15 years probation and banned from being alone with his sons.
The date for the next pub crawl will be announced soon, plus a few changes, including different pubs & a new prize catagory! Stay tuned!
do u mean in mishigan
Facebook valuation: On a backdrop of a potential world economic meltdown is crazy. I would prefer lock into an oil company.
Seeing more and more runners up and down the streets after 5pm, despite the cold. Way to be awesome future finishers!
Caps win!
LETS DO IT
Tea can prevent the formation of blood clots-the monsters to blame for heart attack/stroke. A healthy ticker=more love to go round.
you should buy her some Mickey ears
Want to see racial hatred at its defining moments. . Where did this hate come? We all need prayer because this is in our communities.
Being ridiculously unphotogenic:\
Pat your weave ladies...pat your weaves <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086>
love The Voice!
im late but uummm yes that is exactly what makes it polite!!
Today has been both good and bad. It felt like a Friday-good. Car broke down in student parking lot -bad.
Very moving episode!!!
Went to the coolest audio store in town to get a new radio put in the minivan. Deadpan, I kept asking the guy which one would get me chicks.
"there was never a genius without a tincture of madness"; keep dialogue w/self limited to 2voices u only have so many characters
I'm drinking beer and doing social media stuff. should be very jealous.
"RT What will we do next? We have big plans. Stay tuned & keep moving against the tides!" Can't wait! #ScottTheMerchGuy moving..
nice day outside! who wants to go play ball!?
Happy 2 have my donation (dj services) auctioned off @ 2nights Dinner for a Cure @ Chagrin Lagoons Yacht Club!
Going to the Mavs game! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
While you were sleeping provided new homes to families in Africa that don’t have a roof over their heads.
'I really thought you were the one. It was over before it begun' _unfriend you :*
Lovely night hanging with my old acting school crew. Find a class that helps you to get centered- you'll find your work grows exponentially
I think my Google conversion may be complete as soon as Google Wave comes out... Google Squared is out now in beta.
lOls, stop being so awesome :P
School tomorrow :P who is pumped for summer!!
Excuse me...was someone paging me? RT : All decklers report to the peanut gallery!
Finally starting to feel balanced again after Yoga this AM Thanks to Noah P my back is less wonky! Happiness is more Yoga this evening!!!
nice to know kayls....
Follow us back we carry filthy dripped Thanks
Dear ABQ weather, April Fool's Day was yesterday. What gives?
but!!! U get to come to my house tomorrow. :)
Too much fun last night but best pizza left over this morning for breakfast!
I just wanna cuddle and fall asleep in someones arms :/
No worries. :) Just sent a reply.
oh, and just btw, not all of us work at college/univ institutions.
Instead of playing ALL of my cards last night, I wish I would've just tipped my hand a bit...
Definitely! I see you're a friend of !
awesome! I will be in the look out for it. Thanks
BALLOONS:-) RT : "Mama, you know why I love Chapstick? Cuz it smells like balloons."-Kellyn, age 3
thanks dude!
You can also let your spouse know you’re pregnant by saying, “Hey, you ready to do other people’s dishes for 20 years?”
"The makers of FiveFinger footwear are being sued based on claims they've made about the benefits of running barefoot" - Runner's World Mag.
Dear god im gross
heii people I do not know about you get oriented but loui vitton is simply great :)))))
Yay my foot isn't broken! Just it will take like 4 more weeks to heal -.-
did u capture the feat on run keeper? :)
hey its sierra :) FOLLOW BACK PLEASE?
what time y'all play 2morrow
Stunt class + Bollywood/Belly dance rehearsal = interesting yet badass combination ;-)
We'll keep on blogging in 2012...just not every day. Probably take weekends off. Thanks for following!
ravyn... You can just stop.. And text me if you want. It don't matter doe..
Just introduced 20 yr old to "Disco Duck" song. You're welcome.
That's awesome! Good for them
Sorry to hear this. Do you have a CS ticket number we can look into for you?
I Love it .....but I'm at zaxbys
No one compares to the Nitro Circus crew and their #Ballistic shenanigans!
where the heck are you?
Lights are out, I hate the dark :(
ooh perfect, I'll test that out tomorrow! Thx!
Uploading the new episode to youtube as we speak... A link will soon follow
chief prompter
There's no easy way to say goodbye...
Never explain - your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway
go to hell and never come back
I love when I tell people I drive a mustang and they say "oh the white one with the orange flip flop sticker and the T girl tag?"
Thx for the hard work this week! : Out of here for the weekend!!! Woo! Have a good one #AMNewsers”
Its almost Friday and I'm off tomorrow!!: )'$
Monday is here the last week of 2011 thank you Jesus for all our blessings
follow her plz follow her HELP HER HELP HER GET TO HER GOAL
Watched RoboCop last night. I now understand life alot better.
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you. - A. A. Milne
The shows Real Sports, Outside the Lines and E:60 like trying to make working class people feel bad for idiots that lost millions.
Thanks for the mention!
It's harder than you think. Try it yourself today and I bet you don't go 5 mins. w/o checking email on 1 device, talking on another, etc.
Hardcore workout then off to babysit....
Happy First Day of Spring from Absolute EyeCare. Enjoy the beautiful weather!
wat bout me???
reading excellent health tips by before acupuncture
their focus was more on merger. I couldn't get a Moodle speaker and I'm on a Moodle campus
Will use this in arguments with Americans.
its not funny we need to stop it!! Haha
Because for whatever reason, the phone makers don't want to upgrade. They want to sell you a new phone, only they don't make ICS fones
My mom doesn't get my humor. I'm having a horrible conversation with her on my FB wall.
make sure you listen from start to finish!
Just getting back from a taping of Director's Cut at Wisconsin Public TV where I was talking about
When the rain turns on, turn on Nick Drake.
Polls closed for the #elections 1 hour ago on the east coast! Stay tuned as 's Clarity ENR powers election results online!
ha ha ewwww
aw, I miss this kinda stuff haha
The 4th round of roundtables presentations/discussions will begin at 1:45 this afternoon.
oh no! Hope you feel better!
Quote of the Day: Respect is earned...Honesty is appreciated....Trust is gained...And Loyalty is returned.....
me :D
I have pledged never to vote for a bill that raises your taxes or user fees. A vote for me is a vote to stop burdensome taxes
oh word? Haha yeah, shit had me laughin and the rap was dope.
Jason Jackson on Dan Patrick show right now is not as good as the one who calls into
Drums are tracked, 2 songs are tracked for bass.
Re protecting against sig font changing in email, have u tried using an image of the text?
I'm not some random hoe so if you think I'm easy like Drake says "You're on one."
Yes, Av's win in the shootout!!
other panel is much better.
lol you know I'm bout to
crying to moments again and trying to find cheap tickets to the BTR concert. this is how i spend my days.
do what? lol i said hi
With a note on it that reads, "Ha ha ha ha!"
Thanks for listening Jessenia!
If you owe the bank $100 that's your problem. If you owe the bank $100 million, that's the bank's problem. J. Paul Getty
Come check us out www.blockstarsonline.com
The awkward moment when has been to my house so many times and never knew I had a pool... #wherehaveyoubeen?
but there really are...everybody going to la today for some reason
This has been the worst year ever. I've been sneezing or in a drug induced coma since February.
I been having money most of my life. So to have it now ain't gone change who i am. I ain't gone never forget where i came from!
Logan wade lerman watch out for the birthday raping! Its a bitch!
hey brad! Love your name!! Good luck today!!
when you need your bestfriend but they dont answer and act like they are asleep but when you call it says "call waiting", wow.
Just got the best and most important e-mail ever!
Going to wander around in Dupont on this amazingly beautiful day.
#moneyball is money.
“: Just trying to party... Fuck”
sort of like the Lorax having a tie in with a car company.
FOOD TRUCK ALERT: Northwestern(dtown) from 11am-12pm today w/ CURRY PLATES then California/Devon from 1pm-2:30pm w/ KATI ROLLS!
RT : HipHop week for Static -- review of , interview yesterday w/ , getting ready for interview...
My favorite BKB episode of all time is the one with Nemo and the Spring Break episode. You are great and keep up the great work.
My Emily is shaking her fist in defiance to dub step. Adorable defiance.
#NationalPuppyDay - stop by and see some of the great dogs they have available to adopt!
“: Mistakes are proof that you are trying.”
Go cry over your boyfriend who you've dated a week and love, but then he broke up with you.. (;
A little more than 2 weeks to go until our 2011 Field of Dreams! To follow this exciting event on Twitter, please use tag
God bless a child who has his own
you two are ridiculous! You are both way more than adorable!!!
Welcome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>RT : thank you :*
~Author UnknownIf you want others to be happy, practice compassion .
I said Worthy was underrated b/c he seems to get lower on every Top 50/100 list every year. He's still in my Top 50
LOL, yes, he is Sir Guy. :-D (PS most men I know won't watch N&S, but it's worth the ending if you stick with it.)
spiderrrpig spiderrrpig does whatever a spider pig does
I think I'm going to hit the links today...
but you'd love to see Petrino on sidelines at commonwealth
thank you for that dude!
don't understand how excited I am for #JerseyShore season 5!
Ima try to make it over there to see all you hip kids.
they have became too pop music ish
I don't know how to do a bunny emoticon, hence my RT:“: Happy Easter twitterland! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0>Have a wonderful day w/ family & friends!!”
Thanks for the marathon on this rainy day
Are you in Vegas yet? :|
thanks in no small part to all of your great suggestions and leads, thank you Diana! in solidarity
Proud to be a corporate sponsor for the GOALS Conference of the Greater Miami Chamber of Commerce!
Happy Friday! #TGIF Cocktails anyone?
I dreamed your neighbor had a big penthouse he rented me in NYC.
hope you've got enough pickle juice for tonight!
The average human head weighs about 8 pounds.
So in! Where to? Good Day, Ikes, anywhere!
Got my car all packed up for move out thanks to ! I'd say we're pretty savvy packers, eh??
era extrana is a really terrific album, i've listened to it for three days straight!
RT : CONSIDER BEING A VOLUNTEER! VOLUNTEERS ARE PRICELESS! They help German Fest thrive to introduce new generations......
There is a conference for everything. Even for
Roses are red, violets are blue. Now youre with her & i'm happy for you. Violets are blue, roses are red. I'm just kidding i want her dead
A5: When possible reduce the number of steps for checkout and payment.
- Happy Birthday!!! Love you tons girl!
Celtics giving easy lay ups. Ugh, maybe I was wrong about picking them :/
PhilHumber ChiSox just got down 3-0 on batter 1 of the 9th, then struck him out swinging
we are coming to New Mexico. Please get ready now.
just got voted favorite pitch at !
Who's 4140840???
Be on the look out for one of our composers, Noam Faingold, he's currently based in London as well.
#BiggieOrJose? ": Titanic reminds me of the days I had two yachts in Miami but no icicles”
If I have any friends or followers in North Carolina voting today, Please please please vote to support equal rights for everyone.
Boston bitches
I just spoke to Kamel, and he tells me he just took care of this for you.
I have never been to one of those. I would like to though. I have regular season tickets but never went to a spring game.
looks like someone lost his phone on the bus...unless you really are gay! Haha
L IS A L.....WE STILL GOING TO BEAT THE THUNDER IN 6 GAMES....GAME OVER LAKER HATERS!!!
On behalf of my cast and myself, thank you for believing in our show for the past 5 years.. We are truly grateful and owe it all to you.
Meeting went exceptionally well. God is so faithful! Working tonight at a prom.. Time to shop in my bestie's closet ;-)
Love on The Shark Tank. She's goes 4 it. Barbara's favorite line on the show was "I'm Out". Love she goes toe to toe with guys
This paper is evolving, but I'd still rather be playing tennis on this lovely April day.
Great to have you all here for a tour today!
RT RT : As a #Sagittarius you are excellent at promoting anything. You have incredible intuition.
Man I wish I worked for Facebook today.
": PR is now actually 70% female (compared to back in 1987, when there were 20 females for every 80 males). #womeninpr1"
I can't believe this hasn't been RT'd 100 times over.
Damn it's #hot !
make sure you're caught up on vaccines before you go ;)
made my day!
yea but this i one on one i need some place to crash bro D;
I feel so stupid when my parents drag me to go Geocaching with them. O.o
Today is the big JP Morgan shareholder meeting this morning. Stay tuned...
A6) Wives when you withhold sex, you are punishing yourself...LOL!
Wow, a Virtual Conference. I thought I've seen it all. Join us in Campaign Management360 room w/ answering ?'s
risk off supports giving way.
Dont dream about it,be about it. Turn ur dreams into something that happens when u wake up.
Idk why you think youre so cute
Torture on the TV. Please pick up book And read
Crazy how if I end up going to edc this year, it's because I'm djing there! Watch my dream come true!!!!!!!
Skype Only Attendance
no phone dm me
Tyrna fight me over my ex !
Just cast my vote for ! Let's win Indiana for liberty on Tuesday!
Stupid draw something.. I just did each scene from the log song and it didnt send
This GNR set makes me miss my high school friend who loved the band from the start. Lost my friend in the Haiti earthquake.
how do i reply without having to.go back onto your page
Why Leaving Blog Comments Is Not a Link Building Strategy
MAN JUST LET ME KNOW WHAT I GOTTA BRING
You're welcome - we look forward to your updates!
Oops Assassin Vacation. The other would be totally different book, LOL
Wtf u so annnnoyyyiiinnn like just die>:/
YEAH. i'm free friday nizz-ight, r u?
So happy it's #Friday!!
Graduation starts at 10 a.m. but students should report by 8:30 a.m.
catching up on the news of the day makes one thirsty for serious talk about business, music, consumer goods and tech gear..peewaddy.com
Today what i learned from the Lakers game was-Kobe showed so much heart and will. Pau n Bynum were weak n the Lakers need some good players!
whats it all about?
you are going to make me scrape PDFs, aren't you?
It has been pretty slow the last couple weeks, but some of my vendors have picked up since over the weekend and today! Happy Appraising!!!
hhahahh, yeah I hate bullies!!!! Every fight I ever got into in HS was defending some1 getting picked on
Sunburns like this make me glad I always have aloe chilling in the fridge, just behind the box of wine.
I hope Grantland never enables its user comments section.
how cute! I almost wouldn't wake them up! Haha
it fine and what happened to ur twitter
At BJ's Brewhouse for lunch! Yum!
So just showed up on set in a hilariously awesome costume that I will not leak.
Generally rely on oldest records available unless there's compelling contrary evidence. When contemporary ones diverge, detect.
Post-work bowl on the back porch
RT RT :"The great thing to remember is that, though our feelings come and go, God's love for us does not."C. S. Lewis
Life isn't fair. It's just fairer than death, that's all
It’s hard when others demand too much from you. It’s even harder when you demand too much from yourself” - Robert
Congratulations on the appointment of Michael Bornak as #CFO, announced in bit.ly/zQKqF8
im tellin my wife u kicked me in da BALLS
Thanks Matt! Man I just woke up with some awful 30 pains. Happy Holidays.
a 'scathing' eval for stats = justice
Where can I get free wifi in the Arena district? I know SBux but they have such weird hours.
you visiting or is it for futbol?
Thanks for all the #ff love! You guys are the best!
If I ever find a woman that looks anything like Olivia Wilde I will woo her.
and are like the bash brothers from the mighty duck movies, but on the hardwood! Keep goin hard fellas!
Heading out to see the world premiere or THE AVENGERS. I love my job.
will you blog your thoughts on this issue- I'd love to read them Dean
Saw his Mommy just the other day
Lol Erica Is Wack , She Was Quiet The Whole Time Because She Was Scared
Like Hanna, many of us have made commitments to God and have not followed through.
That's exactly what i think.
So... Port of Spain trip?
are you into older women? Because I am just 2 years older than you. Think about it! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
M. Homemade bread with lunch :)
hahah the metro leaves me too far from my house and I'm not gonna take it late at night.
You'll probably hear me rap half-hearted, cause I don't like rap anyway i'm just tryina get my porno career started!
Hope Ariana will be okay! :-|
Find douche couple that stole ball from kid! RT Pretty sure I'm the only person wearing green & gold at this Ranger game. Go me!
Dinner so good! Bbq ribs & chicken, mac n cheese, corn on the cob um umm so good
To the student that just posted a Flesh Light for sale at Trinity ... it made us chuckle. But we will take inappropriate posts down :)
If i can get a few safeties & blocked extra pts early in the game 2nite im going 2 have a real strong shot @ winnin sum of these SB squares
Happy New Year!!!! Here's to 2012: Let's hope for fun, good experiences, and most importantly, a great fulfilling year!!!! Woo hoooo!!! ...
I had a good day and you? Yes I'll be there...
don't forget he got them grips too!!
i wonder if this guy will get a fine for the nut kick??
me too I hated him from the jumped
haha so what are you going to do for the summer?
Today's self control tip from a kindergartner "don't pee in the sink"
Saw that! is a sweetheart. Definitely check out #72musicians it's my fave rock doc ever, no lie!
You need a standing ovation if you stand in my location, every nigga round here done been shot or on probation...
Ha RT : Fun Fact: The horses in this race have completed as many college credits as Kentucky basketball players.
Byron, thanks again for your comment on my post and offer to help. Gonna tweet my article now. So retweets would be great! Brian
Good to know: Tiny bacon=kosher; Giant bacon=treyf. Kashrut is so simple!
Martha isnt home,time for party :p
Heeyyy Follow Me On Twitter Please I Love You
Welcome, new followers -- thanks for supporting music and chorus in Collin County!
TIP: if you have old LUSH Times (or any paper) that you are going to recycle, use it as padding when traveling with your products #lush :)
Thanks, Joe! You have a super new year, too! - New Mexico Satellite Man
haha you got it
great job with #bigdata daily. Thanks for all the great links.
We can't wait for Denver Restaurant Week! What is your favorite restaurant in Denver?
They may not win another game the rest of the year.
I barely tweet you guys. Like, let's have a coversation. Hey what's up beauties? X
downstairs? like the basement? lol
Cool. Enjoy!
Patience. A minor form of dispair, disguised as a virtue.
so proud of It is apparent that you grew up a lot out there! Love u!
We know you've been waiting with bated breath so... drum roll please! Our 3,500th Member is Ag Innovations Network! Check 'em out.
#AGirlDeserves a man that will treat her better than anything, and a guy to fall in love with... #single <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
should have been longer. He knew what he was doin along. Sad thing is that he can't admit it still
LOVE waking up to all these pictures for #m! Make sure to tag on FB, or me. Happy May's Mundane Monday everyone!
Thanks to all the tweeters following PC!!! You guys are great!
It’s a sweet time for a pastry! Join us today in celebration of National Sticky Bun Day for a great selection of baked sweet goods!
So much google+
! I'm so sorry! I'll bring more spicy nacho fries if you need 'em.
Hahahahah! I KNEW you would have the best comment on that , um, event!
To punish me for my contempt for authority, fate made me an authority myself.
Oh, yay. Also, am finally getting some semblance of not-continually-sobbing back so I can make your vid soon.
Great White Shark Kills Star Bodyboarder The 20-year-old was in the water with his brother and friends when the shark bit off his right l
happy anniversary! I always like the swank 40s music in their bar. Good choice. ;-)
At the gym today my iPod twice shuffled to BB King's 'The Thrill is Gone'. Hm.
Thanks for all of the shout outs!
If u think today is hot in SD, wait til the weekend! 80's for ur Tues...90's by Sat! Shorts & Flipflops, Baby! Oh Yeah...
S/O to my man have a good one bro
all theese tweet bout starship i need to hear it now damn u spanish class ~Jaiya Perez
very cool...cool lens, too! :)
Happy news! Our long effort to enable direct deposits has finally gone live. We'll be contacting venues soon to tell you how to sign up.
if the Mavs aren't playing the Cavs, I'm go Mavs bc I live in Dallas. I like LA against E coast teams, datsallll.
I'm am utterly addicted to mindmapping.
I had the ny/nj metrostars hat from the same time period, with the cartoon taxi on it.
FaceTime with aiden. He makes me feel better.
Another great week wrapping up in #lincolnpark! Thanks for the
trying to catch up on all i missed at NECC
Pinterest co-founder Google Alumni!
Don't ever give up. You have no idea how many you truly inspire everyday.
and by the way you can't fire me, i quit.
Totally didn't see that coming. You deserve to be there!
Did you hear they're re-naming Farmville "Unfriendville"?
Thanks for your entry, good luck! RT: 591
Hope our troops get paid if the #government #shutsdown!
haha naw, copied that from a blog :D
Been up since 5 for no reason. Boo.
Idk why I'm obsessed with pulled bbq pork
Hours without gmail: 27.
thanks so much for the amazing night! I still #cantbelieve I met you! <3
Thanks! Hope you are well!
Stop beeping at us, you're not our dad!
I like me a good baseball match. ;) (Yes. I know how wrong that statement is.) :D
Everyone says that but the complaints about supposed Tebow haters outpace actual Tebow hating. His fans all have a martyr complex!
I think Omnipage will deskew based on analysis of text and let's you save the image. Can check this if you like. Have a copy here.
All those fairy tales are full of shit, one more fucking love song i'll be sick.
We're on the scene and will bring you the latest in about 10 minutes...
HaHa smart ass girl ...
I suspect it's the sheer numbers involved, and from so many different races/ethnicities.
will you jam with me? We could write some hot tunes
i don't see the aug 2 full program on the website. are you going to be posting that? thanks!
BIG thank you to Jamie Davis. Wearing the co-design workshop t-shirt you made *Community Roars*
Saw ya'll at that pizza place I love; didn't want to interrupt dinner. Have a great weekend!
Lol thats what you think but u dont know him like i know him.
... What is your temperature
This little kid is batshit insane..
Life is a prize.. Treat it like it's gold... Not just a stuffed animal.<3
Wow. I can't believe it's been a year since my (and other nerds') obsession with 's jello.
Oh man I love Otters and how they eat their food
Obviously, there is little you can learn from doing nothing. ~ Zig Ziglar
I'll be back in 10
Today I am a window washer lol
ONE THAT CANT SPELL WORTH SHIT.
Thanks, Jeffrey! RT : Business networking made simple through spindows - video speed networking ay Startup Camp
as it stands now, likely 2nd or 3rd week of April, Wed / Thurs. Will know more soon. Keep you posted! Hope you are well!
Hope get more followers right now..
i mean you said someone was so dramatic and there are a few select time that I could possibly be said people who is dramatic.
Love it! It's very powerful!
sorry to hear that D:
My RT's>>> I'm gonna marry that boy<3
Exactly RT yeah I'm more concerned with job growth that isn't a government job.
is anyone willing to act as the official "scribe" of the #pycon web summit? e.g. capture a publishable summary.
Exactly the start the #Caps couldn't have
The fact that one of my favorite voice actors replied and followed me is kinda a big deal. So happy!
that looks awesome! Good luck!
yes! Love Jonny!
good ol fashioned slugfest. Like the regulators
Pedro how are you keeping? Is the family well?
Me either! I'm hoping for some Key Lime Cerveza! :)
Art Rooney: "There seems to be an agreement that all parties have agreed on. We're close to the goal line."
clever RT Our Twitter handle is We'll get going there soon. In the meantime, enjoy an infographic in tweets
Camero SS. Black leather interior, black exterior, I want you.
#WeWontWork; if you can't dance.
i hate when guys whistle at girls like were dogs.. fudge you!
RT : My tax day op ed in NY Times. The Buffett Rule is another AMT. More progressivity is good, but it's not reform....
What are your favorite words to live by? Words of encouragement?
I have gotten GREAT deals on brewers gear from TJ Maxx.
- o damn haha well shidd I got a couple homies that way too
What would you rather see? Topical and/or material form words or phrases? Something else?
how long of a drive is it? When my family goes to PA we go straight through, no stopping to sleep.. 15hour drive -_-
The Gymanimals one year celebrity anniversary bash!! 02/02/12 Club Aurum! Follow aka MR.DO U and get in free!
Life is short so let's go live it, ain't no time for wasting time
and your tweets are pointless.
Literally just had to make a list of all the girls I need to text or call when I get back to the US. Life is hard...
Teacher: "MARISSA SIT DOWN BE QUIET!" Student: " I Know You See Everyone Else Standing & Talking. Why You Always Pointing Me Out?"”
10 Lewis #Chardonnay Reserve. Youthful but delivers. Tight nose. Big flavors of apple, pear, caramel, fig. Long oaky finish. 93 pts
first philly concert tonight.
Long day already an its only 12!
Let Me Light Up The Dark :)
im such a wishful thinker sometimes
Lol YES! Poor dragons their going to get crushed! Haha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Baslketball was lame!
Yep, same thing here.
don't thinki've had that one.
Instead of planning lessons, think about designing learning experiences.
Happy Easter :) good tourney! we luv #LucieSafarova :) and always wish her the very best :)!
These little league parents take it a little to serious smh!!
A tool, by now nearly indispensable and highly integrated into almost every facet of life, but so precariously under our own control...
Keep going, don't quit; never ever give up!!!!!!!!!
I can never get enough of DesandNate.c:
RT : Why does that ken doll hate the golem so much? Is he afraid the other ken doll will kill him with HPV vaccine?
Is this genetic or some kind of "Afrovision" or can other races also perceive this?
Let's go bulls
HI, LARRY! TELL ME WHAT YOU LIKE TO EAT AND STUFF. I COOK.
Kanye West's first career productions came on Chicago rapper Grav's 1996 debut album Down to Earth.
Happy Birthday to a great softball coach and rather tall friend
It's Rubie Tuesday!! Two piercings for the price of one all day long!
thank you for keeping the culture pure. bless up!
Oh, and yes, we shall hang out more often. Especially with this new singing group ;D
Met a high school teacher today observing classes. She said her principal asked all the teachers to spend a day at college. (1/2)
Word to the wise. Do not live a block away from Wendy's.
Wow, lots of people jumping on board to speak Spanish this year! Managers, employees.. An idea whose time has come...www.CalaAcademy.com
enjoying delicious food and atmosphere on the patio on this gorgeous day!
im doing good. i live on the west side right next to my old app. lets chill soon.
Huh? Green & Gold??? The colors of $$$! Think about it.
Just "read" an augmented reality book for the first time. Pretty interesting experience.
tell them all to move in next door to me hahaha. GET WEED SMOKE WARNINGS ALL DAY NIKKA, ALL DUUAY
Happy New Year!
T-Attack Is a Proper Track !
loved the name! And you posted some great pictures.
If the CDC policy on H1N1 gives us a preview of government run health care, then I officially withdrawal my support.
Kaizer is a grown ass man lmao
Sitting by the Libyan Sea.. wondering about the music scene in Crete
#gov20 defined - "Use of emerging technology to promote a more transparent, efficient, responsive government"
lol I could say something dirty about that pic but I'm going to keep it to myself.
« liberals would be more effective if they were just a tad more conservative.»
#WaysToImpressMe: Do things without me having to tell you
When I win the lottery, I'm going to buy Ryan Gosling.
But 3rd place not gud enough 4 champion dog
This is how my week goes: Monday, Tuesday Wednesday, Thursday, FridaySaturdaySunday...
DID AMAZING!!! me and my mom speeded al the way home so we didnt miss his performance
For a long time I thought I had Tourette Syndrome. Turns out I was just a real jerk.
I love
Come on now really you gotta get on my twitter like that
changed username
my 11:11 wish is for you to follow me Austin <3
glad to read it!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet this needs to happen before i die.
Correct me if I'm wrong, but I feel like I deserve better than this.
This prostweetuta is back in action.
no your not
best night in a long time.
That's home. Were moving into my grandmas old house, paying very low rent, trying to save $.
how bout you charge yo phone, "nigga". ;)
Wow, I remember watching the aftermath of a robbery there a couple years ago. Would've expected Chase to learn from experience.
Aye go watch 3 Stooges whenever it comes out. I'm in the hospital scenes
unless the name is in the Bible lol
Ligeia is the greatest. Do you think that should be our next short?
I'm gonna miss sleeping in on tuesday ):
I look like poop.
Still at work getting pissed off!!
My life is so awkward
Happy Saturday it is. Who's keying downtown autos? A few cars today require our paint-less scratch removal.Have a scratch? Call us?
Thank you. Your wisdom is off the charts.
welcome to the monsters of the midway, brandon!
late night dinner after seeing the lion king for the 5th time, it was margaret II's first broadway play
back as in?
Hi Marsha, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Hahaha! Quark? Nerds! Why don't you guys just makes some "kerning" jokes while you're at it :))
Bye week this week wat m I gonna do w/out cane football
Imagine twitter during the kayfabe area
DOORS ARE OPEN!!! Show your love and paint your face blue!
Oops - a misstep by me
Hacker, I'd assume.
if you don't know, you should visit for their wide selection of historic cocktail books!
True beauty is on the outside of a female along with a perfect perky rack!
starting a new chapter in my life.
this sucks #forreal<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
somewhat bummed: recycled old computer via Apple's 3rd party, got gift certificate, can't use on iTunes
Chalupa Time! I love :)
thanks for the RT, i'm following. :)
oh sweet lord what flavor?
lol so true
I can't believe I didn't wear my Hunters today.
she so picky
I wrote you a letter & dropped it off today for you to read. My play & book in Chicago are launching...
ahahahahahah wait stop I'm dying in the library right now laughing At your jumanji tweet
In the 1st half it looks like CP3 has singled out Randolph as the person he wants to tangle with.
RT that's YA BOOOOI !!!!! let's have a Party 48 hours !!! We kicking the Chicks out doe at night ....... 0_o
hey, every bit helps!
#googleplay has a sale today...the temptation is great. They have a sale like every day!
My mom expects way too much out of me.
I am so pro!! You just don't know I yet :P
Thanks Dan. Hope you and your family are doing well.
ace i'm living you today until i get a reply back aahahah sounds lil evil right?? LOVE YOU
not my favorite but still a classic!!! I would have waited as well.
Hope the Bears make a serious push for Vincent Jackson!!
Last week stopped five trustee sales. Removed 30 day lates from a client's credit report. Seriously debated with a regulatory bureaucrat.
: When you’re thinking breakfast for dinner, what first comes to mind - Pancakes, Omelettes, or French Toast? #IHOP Waffles&hashbrowns
On the contrary! :) But I suppose that's selfish cause I'm local. I should make it out to UCLA events more often...
Talkin bout we was a mess at the party Saturday! U hoes sat there & we dances so u mad
Many thanks for the RT! :)
where's Des Moines ?
#uppers That clip of Pres. Obama was bad ass.
I had a 6 year old last night walk in to the press box and tell me I said a name wrong. Lol.
Painting my nails, I never do. I don't like nail polish...or makeup honestly, except eye liner, mascara, eye shadow & lip balm. so weird :)
isn't it time for you to tweet about the top 5 colors of M&M's? If this was Coach K, you'd be applauding it. #Journalist?
Do y'all know why she is hiding?
Can't wait to gwt back on track ASAP
Congrats , & #ucomasscomm grads! Set the world on fire!
thank you Brooke!
ikr, why cant you sleep?
Hicks: Bieber writes song about accuser
I'm thinking about quitting my job so I can concentrate more on my Twitter feed.
bet that image throw back a few 4 ya....... #drink&my2step
Tell Steve Roche hi for me...
Thanks! c:
thanks for doing what you do! wish you the best with
I dig it. And I assume that's a common acronym for the event? It flows well. Not too many characters, let's go with it.
My #computer broke this morning. You might not hear from me for a while.
follow back
I'm getting sick of the shows that I actually like being cancelled. No wonder all I watch now is the Food Channel and sports.
there's a joke in here somewhere, one that combines eating rice and throwing rice, but damn, it eludes me. Feel better!
Looking forward to LOLC Fashion Show with on October 2nd!!
tour of the endtimes??? Name that shit whatever, I'm there.
My heart and prayers go out to my good friend — he lost his friend #brianwilliams tonight. Sorry for your loss.
Sorry I missed the memorial. I hope you guys are doing ok.
The guys who have dedicated themselves 2 getting better are seeing results. Performing well in AAU isn't by magic. Its weekly work 2 prepare
#fridayreads A Step from Heaven by An Na
So what has happened in the #MTVEMA ?
outside rehearsals are always better.
I'm excited for the NFL draft tomorrow..until the Browns somehow fuck it up then I'll be pissed
Nice to meet you, fellow SNS member :)
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow me on my new one
RT : It's a very exciting day for the w/ news of reaching an #arena deal!
Note to Webby Award hopeful devs: don't remove ur demo accounts or have offline maint. during judging. Can't vote for a site I can't see!
:D big smiley!
Actually, I DO like them, mostly.
sure is. As my wife and I were preparing to have our child, I was HORRIFIED by some of the attitudes about breastfeeding
being a gym rat/ making music and I work at a bar and grill called Chelsea's cafe!
Hahah I'm totally different. I almost passed out, cried, and threw up speaking to my class today. XD Band: totally fine. XD
You would be marketing through all the other mediums available, duh!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet a girl who has confidence in herself! Now that is sexy!
Using my new coffee mug and giftcard on the way to my 2nd day Thanks to the best interns ever - & Adam :)
Even in a 140-character tweet, disclosure is still key.
Black Face, White Mask.
Have we mentioned there are PBRs available tonight?
Interesting stats, Florida's is the 2nd best state for business according to Chief Executive. These are CEO's who graded states that they w…
Who will be follower 1,000?
no not cute at al lol
Not Even 3mins N2 Da Game N Perkins Get Dunked On. Cant Wait Ntil Tweet About Dat.
Playing some in the coffee shop before school starts. It's a jazz kind of day.
Hey - cngrts!!! Way 2 go! U cn do it - that's how I got started on my own. Kept the bills paid while developing new stuff.
I'm lost in this world of darkness,with nowhere to go, no one to love.The air that i breathe is poison,and the tears i cry are blood.
Pro 10:12 Hatred stirs up fights, but love covers all sins.
Hearing that winemaker Shane Finley (also of the ) is moving on to Lynmar, while Bibiana Gonzales will consult.
Hi Susan! Just sent you an email with more info about the book project I mentioned last night.
So on my way to get my hair done and a phone call that I have to reschedule!!!!
hi! How was the play?? :) *Bretana*
yo bro got your email, pretty in depth analysis! Good stuff. I will think about it and get back to you
So this is what you do in your spare time?
i have to wake up early tomorrow..ugh this sucks
"There are bad forces that bring suffering & misery to the world, but I want to be a force which is truly good." John Coltrane #jazz”
should i write a book?
My just made my Monday ! Parisian fragrance and organic beauty products !! What more could a girl ask for ? ;)
Don't forget to make your appointments for next week - with Halloween coming up we are filling up fast!
Good luck babe! =)
you and every other girl in wny
Hey People At Home Chilling With My Bestie !
Wheeeeeee!!! RT : scanning the panels coming up at I this week and we are SO PSYCHED
M...basketball pie and basketball marmalade
Just saw great show by Michael Lasater at
I can't believe you ousted me! ;)
I LOVE EVERYONE IN THE WORLD" :)..Does That make me a cheater??? Lol
That's a lot of graffiti!
Mark, that is awesome! How do you think the housing marketing is doing?
Happy Halloween Eveyone! :)
Hey wake up, we are trying to Happy FaceTime Birthday you!!
There's no more chocolate milk and I'm PISSED!
According to FB insider source, press release is coming soon. I'm sure blogs will pick up on it then.
Your pinky is the smallest finger, but is capable of holding the heaviest secrets. <3
Some movies will never grow stale. The #BlindsideMovie is one that will stand the test of time.
We had a MacBook Pro repair, where someone was one screw away from taking the hard drive apart and ruining it! Don't take apart hard drives!
Thank you! Appreciate all the love. RT : offically listening and loving
its worth it. i'd like to hear your prospective. not all guys are a douches in this show. but some are.
Trying to locate a Flash Programmer in Central New Jersey, anyone out there?
As we get ready for the big FUV Gala, it's filling in for Dennis Elsas. Richie Havens sweet!
I agree. And whoever wins has a good chance of winning the super bowl.
Yes and yes.
nope. Insurance through ATT is such a ripoff. $12 per mo, then a $200 deductible. Apple will replace screen for $200.
laying here...i hurt my ankle playing soccer yesterday:(
Not a bad Super Bowl this year... Now it's time to focus on March Madness!
Ready to hit da gym
is an originalist towards gov policy. is a pragmatist in terms of policy. The others will agree with newt.
Enjoyed your set in Kansas City! What song sounded like it was straight out of a gospel choir, except well, it was only you? :)
Enjoy the well deserved vacation!
what were they chanting?
Huge game tomorrow #UConn. Lets step up and show our pedigree, take down the Aztecs and move on to the Elite 8.
scroll down to the bottom. There you'll get the full report and the chart.
Thats where I got SLAMPIECE from.. You shoulda told me!! | ": Yall ever see that movie Friends With Benefits??" yeap
Making smiles happen
Now wat to do.....i shud pack but of course im not Smh Friday gonna b here soon
Tell your friends to follow us as well!!!
“: Niggas need down here. My god I've never been this disappointed #matame lol”where u at???
thanks for the #FF, flattered to be included in such great company!
I loved Lola and the Boy Next Door. Do you follow your fans?
A maple tree I planted as a seedling is now 25 ft tall and for the first year is turning red. A small but certain sense of accomplishment.
"We were young and it was New York." --
Yes you were and you know you was. That's why you laughing. Lol
Yes I am!! :) Thanks for being awesome!!
“ 82 degrees tomorrow? lol and a foam party? lol we there at h2”
I'm still awake. Not a good thing.
Is Oakland the least dog-friendly city in Calif? City rejects new dog park and we already have fewer legal areas to play than other cities.
I was trying to warn people about the robots!
Soo bummed to hear The Firm was cancelled. Hands down, my favorite television series ever. :(
ONE MORE WEEK. Then a entire summer with my boyfriend, :)
Welcome to Vegas #NASCAR fans! Let us know if you have a need for a personal concierge for any casino, fine dining, spas, or VIP access
I just like it all, it's hard to pick one that stands out because they all stand out! George Roadmayght said.
Why am I such a BEAST at Cut The Rope?!
blonde or brunette?
#salute my nig
Dont determine someone in your relationship is cheating because of what u hear, only from what YOU see.
Pre-Order your Limited Edition "SNOCLOTHING" Shirt today!!! www.SNOCLOTHING.com
i need this week to hurry up.
Stuart on if he would stay ”I guess I could suck it up like I did the last 2 years”
It was ME! The chard was flowin'
ahh, I was thinking. That's a bit strange
maybe I will :) I want to move back to Omaha ASAP!
We are on Ventura Blvd today! If you're in the area, 1st to message us wins a FREE YUMMY! (Must have ID and Dr. Recommendation)
4-0 Rox, Ubaldo pitching, bottom 3...is it over? Blame The Score twitter feed jinx if Red Sox win this one.
Cucumber vodka, fresh strawberry puree, lime and mint served on ice. Heaven in a glass.
From the #RitzCarlton to #BTTR Tuesday Food Truck Night. Gotta love Miami !
go to the only cool place in milwaukee. The Safe House. It's a spy bar. staying at the intercontinental? its a block away.
Ouchh.. I put the wrong article again
!!!! RT“: I'm happy with her so idc what anyone has to say tbh”
sitting in the room--they look accurate to me
The (dis)association between divas and motherhood emerges as a topic of interest at
8 minutes wondering If she will wake up
that 18 CHA not working for you?
Good Morning, twitter. Happy Wednesday!
IMA PUT YOU IN A LITTLE BASKET AND BOUNCE AROUND IN A FLOWER BATCH AND EAT ROCKS
Yes, a mystery. RT : Q 10 I'll say it - airport security
Everyone that sees this tell your friends to follow me ....its time to see who's real in here
#scrubcouture is sad2announce our #nurseappreciationweek for crazy deals is ending today I hope you got 20% off a pair of ur fav scrubs!
Cheers Mate, we are having the same problem here state side, but with kittens..
2012 prediction: end of the hash tag.
yu get the email about that GO SLOW COVER ART?
Then how do cows go?
Check out #Primetime on tomorrow at 5:30pm/pst for an exclusive UmpquaBankChallenge main field announcement!
Kobe is going ham right now!
if u can pay cash for it right now..go for it..but if u have that in cash right now if tell u to open ur salon...lol
Just give me a call to schedule b4 hand.
Very sexy Felicia! No wonder you're so limber and flexible, LOL. I'd love to see you hang upside down sometime!
Hi everyone! Let's get social with #PR...Who's in?
Well when we hang out at BDubs or something, we can have our laugh and clown sessions
Thank you Bruner for all that you do!
We love
is a 1997 grad and a special correspondent for CBS This Morning and anchor of Sunday edition of Evening News
Prayers for Nick Collins
“ Totally saw it coming and it still shocked me. Now that's a good show #Revenge”
Oh Sweet Jesus! That's the best thing I heard all day. ;)
Yes, I'll have a few more recommendations for you this Monday--stay tuned!
Im hungry so Hurry!
Will be in CHI this Sat pm, dining in Old Town and catching a show at Second City with a girlfriend. Want to join?
I know you've been super busy lately, but hows your story coming? At least getting ideas?
RT Donovan House in #DC is now a Hotel. Gr8 restaurant tagline "Zentan: The spy who loved sushi."
Lol me too :D
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 21
Ha, you're cool .
haha that was a while ago bro
Now that Amare is hurt the Knicks may actually get a win.
thanks for following us, got any startups you want to highlight?
some crazy chick said in a youtube comment that wiz is 'saving you' with the onifc track. wasn't sure if troll or just stupid. :/
I have new theory- all Veronicas are sexy. So now if I get married it's a Veronica or a Michelle(always beauties)still nervous?
get out there and play the game
RT Any 3M channel that shows a 20% or more lift in sales can attribute that growth to social media efforts
I think the same thing about myself everyday!
Hey Tweeps! We close early at 5 today, so come in before then for BBQ goodness! Happy holidays!
Baby, that was just a highlight yesterday to talk with you. I can't begin to thank you enough for your support. Love you
It is about time Oklahoma wakes up and starts playing!!
Schools back in session! Do you have all your supplies? If not, sign up on www.kmcameraedu.com to get exclusive discounts!
Yes, very cool!
Social Media = #Goodinvestment RT : Social media has the same conversion rate for leads as email marketing!
working a late nite quoting imprinted promotional products. You can see your #ROI with imprinted promotional items.
Bar Fly had an amazing show tonight! The place was packed! Can't believe how hot it was {played outside}. It's not even March yet..
yes it is
: Cant believe we just ran into each other at a stoplight....Random
we think they will all look great. No matter what kit the kitman lays out the team looks like winners
I'm sober. In Opposite Land.
Shaken, not stirred
Thanks for last week's #FF shoutout.
IS IT TRUE.....GIGGY WAS SEEN DANCING AT "THE RAGE"...WITH A LEATHER QUEEN...."!!!!
Thanks to you both, glad you enjoyed the session! -
Spent the afternoon at the Senior #PGA Championship at Colorado Golf Club. Beautiful day!! Congrats to #TomLehman!!
I guess they are just not smart enough to play chess
thts a joke right lol...the food is horrible
Let's go #Tigers How bout 2 in a row
Also: Chicago Public Library, you need to make it obvious on your website how to report a stolen card.
2 for 1 Hash Caps today at all Clinic locations!
Thank you and lot of success also !!!
My iPhone is eating voice mails. It appears if I don't call you back in a day, you're screwed.
Why people talkin about J.cole sayin he went ghost and haven't tweeted since Diggy dissed him lol
I love scary movies but..I hate the fact that they scare me.
I'm about to buy my NYC tickets yeah woooooh
Haha my boyfriend just lost to 11 yr old brother playing 2k12
I love when I see spanish men riding their bicycles on the highway
I know Ive had many chances but one more and thts it I'm in love with you Sofia your beautiful I love everything about you<333
In response, Mayor directed audit of 8 subcontractors, says they'll be referred to the IG if in the wrong. Same IG he refuses to empower? Ok
Viddy is another app for the whores to shine... Can they create an app for ppl with class please
he needs to be cursed the fuck out not dealing with the bullshit #pissedthe fuckoff
Not ever even really lol
Getting ready to tell all the governors about the !
Big congrats to Phil for being indicted into the hall of fame yesterday
Oh BTW, since I climbed the equivalent of 31 flights of stairs today, I'm having tater tots with dinner.
I just try to help!
Follow me
I participated in BlendKit 2011 - open online course focused on
oh dear rt : Who thought it was a good idea to put Crystal in blackface?
Just watched #greysanatomy 8x21 when Molly's baby died and i cried my eyes out! That is so unfair
no you have to go to ur profile settings and change it
Access your medical records online & get appt reminders, invoices, test results & notes from your doctor, instantly.
if you didnt drive so crazy, i'd follow you a bit more. #justkidding #orami?
Mikalene from Business First is here!
#jump Hot Rod Lincoln Car Jump
Santorum is the guy if u care more about social than fiscal. “: Made In America | Rick Santorum for President”
Hm...starts with... “: wanna give me a hint of who is coming to summer jam?????????”
Hi Ehsaan! It's good to connect with you. Hope to see you in the near future. Stop by :)
YES.... finalllllyyyy hahah Been forever right.. I know Its only because i live in BUTT F**K EGYPT!!! Beem MIA...
Back to school from 2 week spring break <<<<
could the works we read be organized? Choose at least 6 texts. What would you hope to gain from this new grouping?"
Since it's not a beach day, how 'bout cuddling up w your valentine over a cappuccino & some brunch in 1 of our oversized booths?
Lol i know i was going to be late for that AP Exam this morning
yea, how does that work?
I got you !
Erin this is Justin. Remember I was in mr. Papaa's class your senior year. How are you doing?
Dads in surgery for hernia hoping all goes well !!!
Happy St Georges Day.
I think Derek was just on TV at this Walmart public forum.
Phew, finished this video! Although I just saw another still I'd like to put in it... oh well
Bruh Are You COMING TO KANSAS ON FRIDAY??
Just saw your video - phenomenal job. Very impressed! Mad props from a fitness trainer out here in WI!
Follow me
watched "drag me to hell" last night. it reminded me of evil dead. i liked it!
I am having a very hard time concentrating because there is snow fallng outside my window.
Not a fan of standing next to tall people at a urinal.
i uploaded a bunch of photos of bob marley on pinterest. it was an instantaneous tsunami of repins. one love.
Goodreads says that I am 9 books behind on my goal. I guess I know what I am doing with my four day weekend next week.
Woo saaaaa... working on letting go of the past this year.
Seth Woods goes on tonight at at 8:30pm!
Look for SOLUTIONS to CONTRADICTIONS!!! ;-)
: When someone stabs you in the back <<<<< did not see it comming
I gotta shit
8 DAYS till Moving On CD RELEASE @ BLUES ALLEY!!!
Playing with
Aw that's so nice lol
Economists measure professionalism by how you earn a living. Artists get offended if you measure them that way. So art predates money
I dont understand why the fuck you're dickriding me. Fucking man looking bitch.
"suite me up coach!" lmfao....i'm not even playing! Haha :P
I've almost forgotten how awesome the "Moulin Rouge" soundtrack is. Random observation, but there it is.
beyond anything in technology, I love my 13" MacBook air.
how do I get involved?
Communication is key..
You #live you learn and life goes on!
Uncle: Youre hung over arent you. Me: No. Grandma : Better not be. Uncle: Don't hurt your grandmas feelings.
well thanks!
That's three games blown thanks to unforgiveable drops or turnovers by WRs this year.
better be :-p
Blake Griffin has just used Pau Gasol as a 7 foot tall prop to hurdle over for the second time tonight
I want to see MIB3.
Avoid negative people to stay positive.
Finally back in the States after a productive two week swing through Asia. One more hop from L.A. and then
we hit the streets this summer stay close! “: where are you I'm on the way to South Capitol St. Metro!”
RT : Whatever the question is; the answer is vodka.
Well my mimi doesn't have cancer :)
I'm busy both dates
TRUE WEST OCT 22ND-30TH. RESERVE YOUR SEATS NOW 4146988991. PINKBANANATHEATRE.COM FOR DETAILS.
For real that was CRAZY Go Roxs... ohh wait they aren't in the playoffs???
I know you not talkin , because neither do you
Bout to be smacked <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
is relaxing on this good ole' Sunday...
RT : law firm's Jon Chassen on Sunny Condo Market in #DowntownMiami, where intl cash buyers driving demand...
Of course I lose my brand new Metrocard. And of course it's raining.
In 1954, the U.S. Supreme Court, in Brown v. Board of Education of Topeka, unanimously struck down racially segregated public schools.
Who's your inspiration?
Hell yeah, head bang about it!
Happy #CincoDeMayo! Come hang with Sai at Bounce Sporting Club and ask her about her watch. RT RT
Waiting In line for an xbox 360!!!
Good news! real music lives! Bad news noise/junk/trash pretending to be "music" is popular!
tweet me bak plzz i wanna talk to u
working on a bachelors of fine arts with an emphasis on drawing. I'd like to be a cartoonist or something like that
Oregon Ducks....QUACK-QUACK
I'm at that party lol.
is on friskyRadio for post NYE Chillout Sunday's w/Diversions Vol. 8 - Get In, Lean Back and get your Smooth On !!!!
for the love of god, don't. I can rattle off much better choices. Trust me.
It's getting harder and harder to wake up each day.
I'm also trapped but I'm lost cause I want to be loved the right way
tanks for the congrats on the article.
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is to feel desired and needed from her man...it goes a long way
When's the last time you had a good dickin? LOL
Since when does anyone care about what that uneducated has to say? love u #becauseofobama equality is possible
Don't be a dick muncher :)
Colgate faced big obstacle marketing toothpaste in Spanish speaking countries. Colgate translates into the command “go hang yourself.”
hello everyone, i'm glad you survived.
me and #oomf gon have a paint fight!!! lol
I don't know... People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones. What have the OH folks bashing NC done about our own ban?
Spending everyday with someone for a solid month. Then they all of a sudden leave.
Bizarre timing. Total Hockey has posted a photo of a hockey player wearing a pink jersey for the cure on Facebook today. Noblecause?!
You're on the list for next Friday (or whenever if I'm there). Come through then, sounds like it's going to be nutso.
I'M DUMB!
Eat breakfast like a king, lunch like a prince and dinner like a beggar
New CD called "Can You Dig It?" finished and off to the presses! Projected release date is Oct 15th! Just in time for Halloween !
Sporting CLUB merchandise doesn't have to go through league vendors or approval. Look for a lot if LIVEStrong merch there as well..
u know now every one thinks now tht u date selena gomez u dont tweet ur fans any more and thts true becuz im one of ur fans
it sucks that the #indians lost....but on the bright side....the game was only 2 1/2 hours....
I hate it when i'm not wearing my good outfit when i meet someone cute.
Ouchouchouchouch! Aloe. Right from the plant. Stat!
Now watching "Bridge To Terabithia" with .... RT if your
Officially opening in a month... Cafe and public house with brooklyns best farmers, brewers and local artisans (@ 61 Local)
I'd do her.
Better news: An impressive range of government employees, academics, NGO officials granted interviews to journalism grad students.
Is it just me...or is does apartment hunting totally suck?
SKINNY P my brotha!
hey thanks! Could you please spread the word??
I wish Alex would follow me
CNN & FOX NEWS ARE SYNONYMOUS IN MANY RESPECTS, MUCH OF THE TIME. IT'S SAD HOW RACISM PERMEATES MUCH OF MAINSTREAM MEDIA.
no problem :) xx
10: I just followed you back(: And you seem really nice! Tweet me sometime.
Thanks for the shout out, Lisa!! Hope you're enjoying Twitter!
maybe after he impossibly eats his own weight in food.
u can join uus
Hi- Come back and visit soon!~ The Buzz
Today is your last chance to enter - win ereaders or free passes to our #ebksmt! Visit the sponsor table!
Hope you're having fun at #RelayForLife Miss you like crazy!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Ya'll suck. I got a B+!!! Those coveralls were A material people A MATERIAL!
Guts is standing in the middle of the extra grass beyond CF wall throwing long toss. Why isn't Bergy coming in instead?
if you're a hater, I really want to know what you think of my music... for reals!
Wow awarded & n their emerging years? 2nites is 1of 2012s winners
<U+200E>2 of my films play this weekend (Oct. 20-23) including animation Great American Pigeon Race and the documentary, SASA.
That was when I was rudely accosted in the lobby by that man suffused with the odor and rust of antiquity. He threw a rope toward me.
For each petal on the shamrock This brings a wish your way – Good health, good luck, and happiness for today and every day. - Author Unknown
need a new vision of a library that allow access for all levels of students (who come from high to low income families)
Are you ready?
Cole Aldrich is gonna flagrant Ron Ortiz first time he checks in
AGREED! “: No one can question the way carries herself with grace and class....she is a very sweet woman.”
Wow Its 8:33 and Busy as hell
Tip of the day: Don't try to sit on a toilet while wearing roller skates.
Congratulations! RT : Officially a member of honor society #beautyandbrains #proudgirlie <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080>
Sometimes I wonder if #oomf is real!
Video for my single -"Who do you think you're foolin" coming soon
I will say it again...Temple Coffee can brew one heck of an espresso.
twitter's having you second guess yourself now lol
get a new first baseman already
The Cracked.com guys will also talk to people after their panel.
RIP Whitney Houston.
Watching The Exorcist. I always forget movies after I watch them. Know I've seen this but I don't remember a single scene. Weird I know.
that was awesome
I'm at a bar on South Street called Woolly depressed about the Phillies :(
Quiet friday night porting a CSS framework to work with
Want spontaneity? Come to our Flashmob on the 26th with !
There's slot of anger in me
get here...
Austin Has a mickey mouse pillow
: the jury duty video. It's so ancient the men in it probably have 70s mullets
that sounds perfect !
Alone and foresaken by fate and by man. Oh Lord if you hear me please hold to my hand Oh please understand.
Glad you had a good time! Come back to Milwaukee soon!
Did you love Go West!? Hip hip hooray for our neighbors to the west in Fton!
OMG i just noticed today is the first day of April, so that means THERE IS #29 DAYS TILL MY BDAYYYY!
Hell Fuckin' Yeah Right!
my default craigslist.com landing page is for Goa - does it give you these randomly if you dont specify a city in the url?
Wednesday on the show: SNL legend Suburgatory, Schweddy Balls and "arm labia" ??
As the days got shorter our talks got longer. The kisses got sweeter and the feelings got stronger.
I love it so much- one of my faces - thanks 2 U
: do you know what time the 37th pick will be so I know what time to tune in?
Wish all I had to remember was ABC 123 buts its not that easy
Night(: !! Love love love
Oh, she is so beautiful and adorable all rolled into one! You must be very proud!
arizona ftw
Wow!We are at $6,775 in the give!guide. Ty so much for your donations. Let's not stop there! Our next goal is 7k by the end of this month!.
roger that. I will take a listen today
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. ~Thomas Edison
so the boots are enough to call it the best gift for Christmas? Too easy!
Follow & and congratulate them on successfully funding their campaign today!
"all the hot guys go to subway, cause its fresh."
thanks :) but if the # is different can you please let me know? Thanks :)
Date night with my favorite person :)
But it's HALF PRICE!!!
Shaksadeducksade....Say that!!!!
for dinner great new spot!
The best part of going to work drunk is going to work drunk
“Nobody's good in everything. Advantages and disadvantages come in many forms.” Charles Schwab: Founder of Schwab Learning.
left school and got back right before the fire drill
I like pandas
Hey guys, check out my article on star in today's issue of #knighthawksinsider found in the
"Twitter reply...doesn't allow editing or copying?" It did for me. Try diff browser to help debug?
I know right!
Any #glutenfree Nana's fans in #Darien, CT? Our big cookies and bars on sale! 2 for $5 on bars, 4 for $5 on the big cookies!
yes yes yes!
I'm doing Genghis Cohen tonight. Come out. 8: 30 p.m. NO DRINK MIN! Peter B. hosts, Feat. Jamar N, Jason R, Matt J, and Rich Aronovitch hls
Update please
#wordplay-o-d-day: ABUNDANCE: a bread boogie.
wow 1,600 and something followers i dont noo why ppl follow me lols but thanks ;P
Hello Love Your STYLE!
New song coming soon from F&A
I am seeking to be elected the Central Region pres at the May4-6 #LPC (O) AGM.
guys always say they want a real girl, but when a girl with make up caked on & a fake attitude comes along, they stick with her.
sitting in my car on Forbes in my Pens coat and San Jose Sharks cap #memoriam. Gotta drive home soon
ha Jordan said everyone misses me. yeaahh right
Technique only works if it serves the music. --
Who wanna drink?
Been on a tour of the city of Wroclaw all day.. Pretty exhausted but loving every minute!
the most importan thing is he knows who YOU are. Golden is just a expensive variation
Sportsclub makes u walk past delicious food to work out- oops.
Screening of Brother Number One on October 25 at 7 p.m. at the WFU Byrum Welcome Center. A Q&A and reception follows the screening.
in fact, I need you're expertise in helping me launch an twitter chat w/ our teachers. Yeah?
Tonight was AWESOME at the White House's Iftar Dinner!!! There were tons of hot Islam babes to hit on!!! I was in heaven, er the Muslim one!
RT : Hotty Toddy? I might could get use to that.
All I know is we're talking leather braclets, gimp masks, whips & lubes. It's like Marti Gras, New Years & Xmas all in one!
RT : Oh I don't wanna grow up wish I'd never grown up I could still be little...
you should come down here sometime! I hope so too! I miss him alot! And im not going to NYC so i wont see him for a while.
PREACH PREACHER!!!
that stage is where made his Daughtry ON STAGE debut!! (in case you don't remember) LOL
#AskJK What does MLS need to improve to be capable of producing the majority of a #USMNT starting XI?
will be calling tomorrow to put our stamp as the King of #Marlins nation & the revolution of sports in So. FL.
1 more week shooting nights.. I can do this!
Happy Nat'l PB &J Day! Never liked them, but word on the street is that they're pretty popular. #pb&jday
You know that, when you go back far enough, we're ALL related. Hang in there ... we'll find you some color. LOL.
Reading Glasses FTW...
Thanks, and it was great talking to you again.
how you be?
Can someone tell me who thought it was a good look for Mary J Blige to be on this burger king commercial singing about crispy chicken?! -__-
Reading up on the history of music can be very interesting! And here we are now! ;)
I am old enough to know better - but young enough to still do it anyway!
Had when I lived in Chicago and traveled worldwide. Seems to not be as prevalent here in SE WI. I've received the offers...
Wine doesn't last in my apartment, duh.
I should call work already but I'm busy taking a shit <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Drunk and statistics....nope
The grudge you hold on to is like a hot coal that you intend to throw at somebody else, but you're the one who gets burned. ~ The Buddha
bbc news on PBS will help!! “: So many real crises in life - in Cincy and around the globe
So now I'm eating a lean cuisine my exroommate left in the freezer and watching Dog the Bounty Hunter.
I wish all a happy and safe 4th of July. Let's remember why we celebrate and what made this country great. Make it great again!
Well my stars if the Memorial Day Weekend isn't upon us already! Git on down here to the Cow to kick off summer with a Texas Margarita. GU
i'm home thank the lord
#NP Foolish -Ashanti
hey what's up Mesha. Happy new year! It was nice to actually get to meet you. You look just as beautiful in person. ;-)
I wonder if M. Night Shyamalan was late to his meeting with Daniel Day Lewis
Yeah, we should! LOL!!! But which dress will you wear?? I got dibs on the Red one! LOL!!
Eat a bag of dicks.
WOW!!! moon over downtown is INCREDIBLE!! Check it out if u can..
Intrigued by him and realize what we are up against. Labor will not kick in as much this time and we need $.
I'm sorry the site was so slow today. We had a spike in the number of people hitting the site. It is now functioning properly again
Merry Christmas my darlings! Enjoy hot chocolate, cinnamon rolls, twinkling lights, roast beast, kisses, hugs & great movies. Lots of love!
I swear dimples on guys are so SEXY!!!
The LAKER fans on my TL r pissed..lol..bringing up old Championships n shit...but can they get this 1?. NOT when Their playing like BITCHES!
Angelina looks anorexic!
AND I LOVE TO MAKE LOVE TO YOU BABBAAYYYY
so you don't like ketchup!?!!!?
We're looking for a freelance designer over the next couple of days for some environmental & POS mock-ups. Email
good afternoon. are we still on for later?
I just finished tomorrow's blog discussing the Academy Awards, JLo's "dress" and how to be present at the awards day in heaven.
Wishing all our followers a very happy holidays. Don't forget to migrate your data & applications to Exchange 2010. We can help.
I just texted you homie! I get it?
Another chance for now make it count!
Real shit-> RT I'm gettin money just take care of me girl.
thank you!
I'm playing CAKE today. Seems a bit co-dependent.
I love your background!
I #lovetherug giveaway is hosting on #SBEH,
Who cooked breakfast
You just have to learn to forget about the people, who forgot about you.
what if he gets picked off?
About to watch a band whose guitarist has an iPad. In his signal chain. I'm nervous.
Opposition is quick to jump... but not as fast as media. Who can control Ted Nugent? Ted Nugent.
One Day Imma Just Pack ALL My Shxt & Leave Here For A Few Months Without Telling NOBODY.! & Come Back When I Feel Like It.
Hear that? That's the sound of me hating your guts.
LOL, i just seen the exact same tweet before you tweeted it a few minutes ago.
THIS-> MT The stock market, like the corporation, is merely a front business that attempts to hide the brutality of the 1%
Im coming home tomorrow. Lets do something fun, last night of spring break
A simple strategy for success? When you learn how to do something, actually go do it. Action-takers win.
NP u don't know me - TI
I hate overtime....
Who is joining us tomorrow for Thanksgiving? We can't wait to see you!
#Parents Magazine ranks #Madison Children's Museum 5th best in country. Congratulations! Way to be a Step Ahead!
"Beasley is even moving the basketball." - FSN commentary
Thanks for sharing your visit to Paperwork in 3D bit.ly/oFW3hR Interested to learn what you like best in part 2...
THANKS! Will be there for Thanksgiving so will hopefully find some pumpkin pie on that volcano ;)
RT : Congrats to on taking the helm of the Kiplinger Program. He will no doubt take the program to new heights!...
how is the album coming?
I want Soleil. pork chop. rice. boba for drink. and levy missions with Droidlights
/great working with you this week! fundraiser in Charlotte was definately a success!!thanks for insight.stay up!!peace PMD
All these tweets about the games are making me jealous
you rock, nerdette! It's gonna be Smithsonian swaggerific
Awesome. Flight is delayed an hour...
If you're unsure of an egg's freshness, put it in a cup of water; fresh eggs sink, bad ones float.
Thank you so much for your support.
Hi #libchat. My name is Tiffany. I am a museum archivist/librarian.
One reason God created time was so that there would be a place to bury the failures of the past..
Learned recently: I can recognize exhibit labels I wrote 5-6 years ago, almost to the word, even tho longer docs R surprisingly unfamiliar +
Archival standard DACS has a special rule—12.14—just for phrasing the names of spirits formally. You can't say archivists aren't thorough...
Of course THIS is the first Lakers playoff game I've had the chance to watch.
Got some solid pages on a new collaborative novel today. Miss Monday Night Football.
Thanks for being so cool the other night here in Philly I can't wait to see you again
Get me outta here. The escape key on my computer isn't working.
it's entirely too cold down here
yes! so excited :)
Love me?
that is the first tweet ever out of the mouth of kyle iboshi. he's all growns up
i didnt almost kill u when i drove to drivers!
Huge Congrats to and the entire FedEx team on their win today!!!
In fact, I'd be disappointed if I didn't get the occasional murderous rampage from most of the Avengers.
• OH don't tell me. I have to wait a few years until it hits Netflix instant play.
The team completes the dream. -a2b interactive
New articles coming daily!
Taking the long way home
Sometimes I like to look at my GF sleeping thru her bedroom window for hours on end. In a non creepy way of course.
Don't you love writing a scene where your fave character gets hearbroken & betrayed? Me neither. it fast to get it gone.
too be honest i wanna see the five year engagement cause jason siegal is a teddy bear and I'm gay for emily blunt.
In NY aaayyeeee.
This movie in history is really boring :( only 30 minutes left!!!!!
Listening to they're so damn good!
I love all of u guys <3
The Real Reason Ben Bernanke Resists the Gold Standard
vegascateringSorry! Relish will be down Today thru Monday! We will be back on Tuesday! Sorry for the inconvenience.
of their own, and whose adopted father has gone back to his drinking (after a few years of sober living) and one can only think that...
RT RT : Carry out ONE random act of kindness a day with no expectation of reward.
lolol mwall is just trying to be down with the brothers haha
-__- Get Outta Here !
Time to get fucking ham tossed
Viewing ' entertaining music video for the "We <U+2665> our Workplace” contest
no it didnt ;). one our influences would have definitely be Nickelback. especially vocally. but i'm no longer with the group.
they say beans are good for you, so keep doing that :-)
MB interview on 1XTRA
Lil Crybaby.! Get Every Thing He Want If I Acted Like That I'll Get Beat.!
Hollywood Megan Fox Scandal And Her Fans | Blog Dot Online Movie
ok cool... hit me up!
RT : It’s official! Lifetime’s hottest new show #TheClientList starring was renewed for a 2nd season!
thanks for sharing the landmine soap deal! We think it's a beautiful statement... plus working with eles = dirty hands!
Lipgloss, eyeliner, heels. DONE!
pita pit is so god!
In the emerald city
FCS joins Fairfax Band, CHRISTMAS IN FAIRFAX, Sat. 12/19 at 7PM, Fairfax High School. Tickets from The City Band. Merry Christmas!
"The greatest happiness is to transform one's feelings into action." - Madame de Stael
hey feli, whats up? Where are you ?
Okay, time to master... time to be the master.. time to masterful.. time to go~~ Merry time!
RT : RT : shit just go from bad to worse <
Happy Easter! God Bless
Of course, can never see it, on account of her being absent on award-giving day.
This is not a speech. I'm gonna preach. Most of it is gonna be in English, but if you hear some words you don't recognize.
I say u dance. Lol
you would! fucking Mac from Its Always Sunny over here!
"You can't afford the luxury of a negative thought."~JR & PM... U r not there yet- u r not done, function like u r building ur own parachute
we will be spamming on follow us there too :)
East Texas has a special place in my heart...and my stomach. Having a brilliant time so far catching up with family in Lufkin.
someone should still come over tomorrow though......
Dear comcast you suck I just wanted to watch the Stanley cup while cleaning but there is no service argh!!!
bikini season mode!!
Wat she do #AfricanPrince RT One of my teacher just F$%^king pissed me off... she messed with the wrong dude someone warn her
tell your mama i sad hi
Trying to find a place to eat in Medina Valley has turned into an exploration.
Researchers confirmed an association between tanning bed use & an increased risk for 3 common skin cancers.
Haha that was funny. Made me laugh. Basically
Hope you have a great weekend!
Anyone out there use Scottrade? Thoughts? Promo codes?
Dusty Buns' sandwiches rock!!!
He rocked it! :-) RT : Ended the day with a great case study from
Happy #LeapDay! What are you doing with this extra 24 hours? We hope it's something exciting! Let us know!
The legal eagle on my crack team of mentors: ! I'm shaping up to be quite an event if I do say so myself.
Note to self: NEVER go to fashion valley mall on a Sunday ever again. You would have thought it was the day before Christmas!!
Congratulations to for being our 2500th follower and Vote Smart hat winner! Keep spreading the word about Smart Voting!
Open bar so might as well! Any other suggestions?
tom hanks is still looking good. billy crystal ehh lol
oh - rejection today, kinda smarmy one too.
melo kinda messed up the knicks chemistry all because he needs to shoot 30-35 times a gameyou havesquad that should dominate
Love the sounds I'm hearing now - Come see for yourself!
I hate it when people whisper next to me. Go someplace private if it's that important.
Why don't you like Microsoft products?
Are you taking care of a Senior Loved One? If so, who is on your home care team?
Drive down Brown Deer Rd. North looks like a spectacular summer day. South looks like the apocalypse.
Really want to learn/watch more of Soviet Sci Fi and Pop Sci films.
Missed the last chili cook off? Have no fear, the 10th Annual Rockabilly Chili Contest is tomorrow starting @ 11am!...
Debut feature show ! Tues, Mar 6th 8p and 10p shows at the awesome Jazz Central in Minneapolis! Hop you can make it! #hot-tunez!
What should I cook
I'm happy with the Blackmon pick. Would have been equally happy with Claiborne.
With a proposed reduction in MA FY13 Budget for critical financial aid programs, very pleased filing amendment for increase
Top 5 Things that Cause Brain Farts
I really liked that show...the plot was cheesy but the writing was pretty good.
Why do I try.
jeez, really! what were you thinking?
I can be with millions of others or I can chose that one that makes me the happiest. I chose what makes me the happiest.
true story. Would also explain why I'm ALWAYS cold. Clearly my body wants me to migrate to a tropical climate.
That WAS a travel, fellow Pacers fans. It was obvious.
is wishing his jr. high school friend, joel aldape, a happy birthday...he really needs to get with the facebook program.
You're tacky and I hate you
Second day of hell week
idk should I
"did someone take my bowl away from me?!?!"- five seconds ago about her cereal
Cory and Topanga's relationship makes me want to drown myself in ice cream..
Switching it to "compact" mode helps (a bit), I found ...
. will be talking about some metaLab projects that try to place the user at the center of the (digital) library
Thanks doll.
What's up twitter?
New Years Eve wedding at Duke University!
Apparently the one thing I need to do before I die is watch tonights
I'm being interviewed about the on on Feb 21st. So be sure to set your DVRs!
designers must work in the world rather than “about” or “on it” - krzysztof wodiczko
Had such an awesome time ! is so beautiful and inspirational! Thx for answering my question abt Raleigh!
Better Troopers: Starship or Super? Reply back and I'll tally up a report!
i'm a french rapper and you're a french woman okay we ARE FRENCH let's go next
White chicks is the best movie ever!
Could I just Apparate the rest of the way to Philly?
I got hoes in different area codes,
“: I suppose now I have to tune in...unlike any other day haha” like clockwork baby :)
I'm all for people having priorities as long as I'm one of them.
Seriously? Still raining?
what are you listening to?
Been watching all day. Bill Maher=brilliance.
At The Spa With My Girl:)
very nice to tweet you
In the fast lane and I won't change by the glamorous oh, the flossy, flossy ;D
“: Shout out to my newest follower of the Night Owls. Greatest sport on earth #ChangeTheGame” Good man
If Colorado Springs was a shoe, what would you DESIRE it to be? #BrandCOS > Vibram Five Fingers(unexpected, innovative, exciting, outdoorsy)
#ArtistAdvice the music industry is a business
Early spring-like weather in NYC....In JANUARY! Kind of afraid of what's gonna on the other side of this.
tlking abt the history of top classical ballet companies being closed to artists of color.
Maybe early risers just aren't as awesome at sleeping as I am.
no kidding
Everyone looks at it differently, Arlene
ima be with chris and malik
Another success story of the public using Social Media to be heard. The power of
Ok tweet break for you once your hashtags get longer then 10 letters you need a break
thanks and much luv
Im 5'6 Is That Short
What a great Masters and what a great Easter!
Firehook Bakery of Columbia Square offers special orders for Cake & Catering - call (703) 263-2253! Call us for your next event!
ya that's my favorite by far.
WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK. DID CHANCE NICHOLAS JUST ASK ME ON A DATE. bitch, I may seem lonely & available. But no. Nope. No. My turtle drowned.
never tweeted us back :(
6-3, 290 2014 DT from Chesapeake (Va) Andrew Brown has now has offer #15 as national champion #Alabama has offered.
hahahaha gotcha! :p
Makin a guest appearance tomorrow at B Port to see and more
Can't believe it's March 1 already.
have I ever mentioned I hate you??
hi gabby!
So, I left my twitter open on my crazy wife's phone. I was not scoping out potential breaking & entering targets like she apparently was.
it's all good twisted sista.
Looking forward to meeting all sorts of interesting folks at Her Nashville's "Coffee & Conversation" on Thursday. Join us!
what movie is that
Changing times RT Love that Mary Tyler Moore caused fashion scandal with her capri pants on the Dick Van Dyke Show!
I believe you're right, my dear...and very glad to hear the kind words. Ready for some Edo's next week?
If we stop using oil the dinosaurs died in vain.
we all are
Looks like I gave myself a little bit of frostbite spray-painting in the cold yesterday morning 0_0...
<U+E423> hell nah girl
Learn the basics of mobile marketing with at the #REConSocial Media & Tech Pavilion on May 20 at
thx for the scrum mtg tips...love it!
nd dats not how u spell #GOOFY ....GOOFY
1-0 loss on a goal of the week style score... and a completely BS penalty kick
Let the love of God change your life then watch it transform the world around you!
Thanks for following, Keith. Looking forward to your musings!
OMB eating some awesome swedish fish :D
Currently watching Food Inc on PBS after watching this you won't want to eat food again! Seriously!
Your so Very Welcome and keep up the good work...lol...MB.....Yall
Westminster's head coach Mike Freace nearly pulled an amazing 2-fer, he also coaches the girls team who won in the state semis last night
Yeah somehow I feel like that's not part of the plan...
maybe we could talk over the phone so I could learn more about your situation
Mad Anthony @ The Historic Melody Inn TONIGHT!
What's with the traffic to get on the expressway today...
get me lunch please
#FamilyGuy Little House intro ... classic
did you do your photo final yet?
hi and welcome to our stream!
it was really good, I'm with you!
Score! iP arrived today! Come to #edcampDet and win 1. Present at #edcampDet and have 2 chances to win! See you there. :-)
Updike on Williams' last time at bat: "I had never before heard pure applause in a ballpark."
day of cuts,color,and highlights. Come check us out-2nd floor of
... nice summary! Congrats to the winning pair!
Today I get to contribute! I've been asked to participate in an advisory committee meeting where I attended design school. Very excited!!
It's going to be a great week my friends.
Say No More !
that's why for breakfast it's One can of WhoopASS. a slice of humble pie... :)
Hugh Laurie has a degree in #archaeology and anthropology from the University of Cambridge
VI BE
Students also had representation, often law students. Rape/sexual assault were potential offenses, but did not appear in my tenure.
Looking forward to Chicago Ideas Week -- see you there!
Mother nature forgot to take her meds again.
Preach it.
Brazil, Goa, Mozambique.
The first time we saw Austin
Yikes! Eat before going to the movies: a tub of popcorn has as much as 1,200 calories & 60g of saturated fat & thats WITHOUT butter!
wow its was rainin all day today nd bored as hell at work today
Skyla11377: Review Of Shut Up And Kiss Me By Mahalia Levey
Ain't that the truth! RT: Planning ghetto ass weddings is HARD!!!
what kind of bike is that?
Follow my new twitter
The vast majority of antibiotics used in the U.S still go to treat animals, not humans (they dont even really need them)
I still jot with pencil and paper even when have computer/device. I can scribble key words faster than I can type!
Now followed by
Jordenesque one might say
Oh you mad cuz nobody ever did it like me??
That sudden jerk you sometimes experience when you slip in a dream while half asleep is called a Hypnic Jerk
Why is Pepsi on my "Who to follow" list. Fuck Pepsi. Coca-Cola~~
are you doing? Did you find a suitable habilitator for your darlings? ( our schedules didn't pan out... you read my resume)
Doing well, thanks! I do tend to fb of late. How do you handle SO many followers? I get lost in the stream on twitter. ;)
same thing with George Goode last year.
Happy Birthday Austin! I wish your birthday is filled with all the joy in the world (:
Instead of Dirt Dogs the #RedSox play like they're the Six Feet Under The Dirt Dogs.
Hey i heard u were a wild one. O
well i had a really crappy role so yeah.....i didn't like it
RT : As Congress debates the Violence Against Women Act, a little context: House & Senate are each 17% women.
How the Cav's get the first pic this some straight fuckery real talk
#MNF #Jets at #Patriots....Who does everyone like tonight?
Twitter...it's a wonderful thing...
Yes! Colleen is tweeting porn!!!
how do u kno if making a move is okay with the other one. what if it gets..awkward
And valpo lays 19 point beating on butler. Good win.
Done! Sent on Facebook, Twitter - will add to albums and website.
u are my sun u are my earth you dont know all ways i love you but there is no chance for u and me<3 follow?
NCCMLS membership is growing quickly in 1st week. Sign up on NCCMLS and get a Free Real Estate Broker Banner Ad
Its never enough....
I hate being sick.
awesome! What do I do to get on the air? ( :
If u ain't tryin to buy shoes don't waste my time cuz money is the subject mf
Happy to have & back in the office today after their well-deserved vacations!
True. Any exciting projects or trips coming up?
If this would be a perfect world We'd be together then Only got just one life this I've learned Who cares what they're gonna say
My helper told me to settle down.
Thank you for following :)
I might not be yah man, or da man in yah ear, but u gotta understand im the man up in here!- Cassidy
Daniel, you are amazing... i want to see you on the tosh tour twenty ten... can 14 year olds get in? See you next week :)
I support big ups to you keep doing what ur doing... Great artist with a great fan base goes along way
Its mad perverts on Tagged smh
RC's HUGE 35th Anniversary Party this Saturday, September 12th - Giveaways, Free Food, Live Music, & the Ice Luge! BE THERE! Starts at 5pm!
I Just rented friends with benefits on iTunes for my iPod & it's taking long!! I don't have patience but oh well I have to wait
"Teach my soul to rise to u, when temptation comes my way.And when I cannot stand ill fall on you,Jesus ur my help&stay. Lord how I need u."
I dont need to no south America I don't live there
OMG YOURE THE ONE WEARING THE WHITE T-SHIRT???!!!!
and gets cut off by exactly the music he was talking about
PRAY for those in JAPAN......its heartbreaking to see such devastation and loss of life.....GOD HELP YOU JAPAN!!!
All this talk of LA Woman is getting me very giddy for the
Keep an eye out 4 our $5 lunch specials! You are right down the street from our office. Will have to come in for lunch!”
y'all some corny motherfuckers lol
boom! We're almost there too!
Dumped the hoe for the house wife I see......... lol
Wake up! Save the library rally with Jerry Brown Monday Morning! www.savethelibrary.org.
The Batman doesnt say bad words!!!!:)<3
Just ordered my new glasses from ... time for some geek chic!
Been to the dump & Goodwill. Now making dinner for my friends Walter & Laura and their new sweet baby boy Russell!
Dakota you are my best friend!
Ladys night tonight.. $5 Three Olives and $3 Select wines. Jenna is working during the day and Cara at night come by and say hi.
": This game got really sloppy really quick." That's what she said
Wonderful day of films in Orlando area! #AnAffairoftheHeart was awesome! Congrats to !
And don't got sayin you want out of the racket...that makes people paranoid that ya gonna start chit chattin to somebody in a govt office..
seriously and I didn't do like amazing on the first test so that's gunna kill me I hope she gives us extra points
Are we done with the Zito experiment yet?
Congrats to the Men's Tennis, Baseball, & Softball teams for winning their CUNYAC Championship titles! Let's hear it for the BEARCATS!
RT : When in doubt, listen to 80s pop music. #audiocontentment"
Movies and frozen yogurt today with Naty!!! Oh and 10 more days till my birthday!!!!
So is basically my hero :)
as of right now no, cause I just got back from Brazil
I like to hear "these are not your traditional museum metadata fields"
Congrats on the movie!! You deserve it! So proud of my idol! <3 :)))
Sounds like a #snowday tomorrow good thing it's my day off!
I would call you more like a lesson WELL learned
Happy birthday ! I hope you have a fabulous day :)
Damn. I just realized that show closed today.
ok I'm there.
soulja boy, intellectual giant.
thanks bea<33333
im going to feel this workout tomorrow
Thanks for retweeting me!
in Willow Creek apartments .. about to go home .
#BBCAfricadebate The locals have complained abt the Chinese people employing people for cheap labour in their business
Stop being so gorgeous! I'm jelly! <U+E022>
i didnt even ask him!!!
RIP MCA. So sad.
yes. my coworkers said it might be firewall, or people watching marchmadness slowing down our wifi :(
How much do you weigh now, Trip?
any well-designed and well-coded theme will say it offers nested comments. Look for a live demo too, should show you
Me too! Wish you could be here too! Hoping to make a NorCal market happen!! xo
Has there been one on mindfulness and meditation yet?
Finish your apps! It's deadline day. Don't miss out on the opportunity to be a part of the 2012-13 City Year Milwaukee Corps!!!
Still no consensus on commenting / peer review #lunch?
Stake ,string beans &white potatoes, corn on the and garlic bread
whats a good movie to watch?
kudos,I guess. I'm not happy that you have more klout than I do in the music industry... :p
Yep, then was recommended Ibanez for their slender necks, I have wee hands :) I'm pretty much starting over, want 1 that fits.
would love to interview you about traveling to the meeting today. email me if you have time to chat. thanks!
Happy Hump Day<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
My phone sucks. Can't wait to get a job and get a Iphone
Still dancing. Doing "washing machine" shimmies at the sink.
does chasing a 5 year old around the yard for an hour constitute a work out?
Good night world good night moon, good night cow jumping over the moon :)
why you block @/JustinSkaterB14???
Silly head move of the day....walled to the library, forgot my book at home
Thanks for the follow! Hope things are well for you :)
I'm sure that a migraine pill... And a beer... And some chicken will cure what ails me, right?
I need a good camera to take pics of my paintings. Which one should I buy?
Had a great birthday minus the fact that Im so far away from my fam and friends.
Great "live on the scene" tweeting by last night. Check it out!
the Yankees are losing early :((
she would probably say the same thing lol
I wanted some outdoor Fall ones so I had to get on it this year. My youngest turned 1 Sept 25th!
I'm running the casino night fundraiser for & looking for a couple of RVA celebrity dealers. If interested, please DM.
Happy birthday ! It's been forever man hope it's a good one
Rain rain go away!!!!! I guess rain in the valley is good bc it's dumping snow up on the slopes. But no time for the slopes!
as he said. Come, see the place where the Lord lay." (Matthew 28:6)
5 Chicago-area Polyphony H.S. editors won regional gold and silver medals from Scholastic Art and Writing Awards! Congrats.
Waited four months w/ tickets:Orchestra seats for Wicked at DCPA... We're defying gravity!
Happy Easter, y'all!
We'll be ready. Just be fluent in Spanish when you get here
Let's be CLEAR: Romney gave two decades of his tax returns to the McCain Campaign for VP vetting, and then they chose Sarah Palin.
Poor chris
1. Steal wife's iPod. 2. Install Twitter app. 3. Profit???
Got half a mind to drive into the desert
oh yeah this is jason <U+E106>
Good question! is one of my favorites, too!
I felt it was pretty simple, we got outplayed. Didn't take advantage of space and have a complete lack of a finisher.
Ah yes, those were the days. *wistful sigh*
Sure am glad our nation churns out so many MBAs.
G.M.N.I.: May I practice rolling Spanish r's on your bellybutton?
Cool. Check out my show .
I like your future living room shot, but wanted some pics of your iced coffee debacle!!
agree. That's part of making dialog natural and realistic - getting the voice right for the age.
"You said I'm crazy, and if I am, I'm crazy for you" <3
looking to put a panel together for the Urban History Association on childhood/family in urban history…. any interest #twitterstorians ??
Smoke weed eat yogart
I love sitting at my window watching the raindrops slide down the glass I think its really relaxing :).
Tx and happy rainy Sunday!
Definitely trying! Is there a cover charge?
Ph Colton you are some babylegs
That's Funny!
Hyped for my show tonight at The Bubble Lounge in NYC tonight!
I'm not expecting a flawless stream but I'm sure as hell hoping it's not SITS all over again.
That's possible RT I'm doin the most.. Shower.. Tweetin.. And drinkin a peach daiquiri all at once
OHH SHIT I USE TO CALL IT THAT XD!And yes and the affects happen after I'm done with TOM -.- fml
well no one expects the basement foundation to have 2 feet if water seep in overnight
Does anyone remember what is now the Dadeland area back in 1951 when Shorty's opened?
I love the idea. Would work nicely w/mobile Tumblr, given the way one reads it. And, yes, hope it inspires a lot of people.
16 years since the teams last trip to the SB speaks to inept front office and owner
This girl in my comm class just gave a speech opposing lowering the drinking age, she was hung over& I saw her wasted las night
About to play at Blue Moon and they're playing a frank black song from teenager of the year. Best album ever. No bar plays this.
oh my! No! No one in this class would I do! But I have been sexually creeped out by a guy in here!
Thanks 4 well planned, informative/fun Filmmaker Boot Camp in DC! Great speakers/info/networking. A day well spent!
Great post on losing the cubicle! Been researching varying methods to increase innovation in small biz.
Taught my 5 year old how to text on the IPhone!
Congratulations, but you always can have VIP tickets for my show.
Yep; no doubt about it; I have a very complicated life
first I have to audition to audition for the judges which I will do April 20 if I make then I will audition
No. Just frat boys.
Last ever card hand from janic with
We will be opening a shop on Stone Way in Wallingford; watch for countdown to be posted.
#NW Bulls v. Celtics - Ray Allen coming back on the court tonight! #ILoveBasketball :-)
omg, are you kidding? That's ridiculous!
The shows stylist must have shopped sale racks at Mervyns and RAVE. Sweet deals.
"Why are you squeezing me with your body?" "It's a hug,Michael"
Aww! Tell her I say hi back! Haha! :]
The rest of finals today! Finally almost done with these test :)!
haha i love you too jade
MoneyMakingBrit: The only person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday .
yes i can thanks Sophia
thank you!! And ya me to! (:
Thanks for the mention brother. Have a great weekend!
typo on your last question ;)
jay cutler devin harris even jose reyes let them get the curse and oh yea eli
Naw, UK is definitely struggling but remember there is still the second half.
no longer following you
#SuperShuttle driver to me and Australian "you here for the Pokeman convention?"
thank you for the well organized start to Arts Advocacy Day at the Capital!
hi can i get a follow back
What a turn for the #Eagles with 2 minutes to go in the half.
I am venting--what clerk leaves a message for a patient & doesn't say their name, their number, or what I need to do to get in?
Causing trouble at Old Chicago. :)
Not a good start to the travel schedule as we've been waiting on the runway to take off for over an hour.
wanting more likes on your picture but not wanting to "share" it..
Can't wait to see you ball out
i know right?!?! oh well!!
Thank you for joining us at the wine dinner at #Bacchusmke!
Have you heard of Our Incredible Journey? A great blog by learn more www.knowledgesafari.com - click blog!
Not good enough.
Working for Yippy!
epic day. couldn't resist
time to write a new song. Heading over to the Chroma Polaris.
You know your doing something right when you suggest a sample to and you crank up a song only to find he took your advice
Some girl brought cookies to class and only giving them to teachers gay
Happy Pi Day Huskies!
lets hope the Doc dosen't have to dialate your eyes, that would make for an interesting run lol
when are you going?
Went to 40th Greek Fest, Greek Orthodox Cathedral, Balto, Md. Great food was excuse to tour nave of Cathedral. Amazing details!
do it! I want to see footage.
sure! do u have any real brothers?
Finally on my way home ...
Check out tonight's dinner specials right now! Featuring a Sicilian Ham Melt that even Sophia Petrillo would be proud of...
Twitter: Fucked up yet somewhat adjusted individuals. Facebook: Fucked up yet in complete denial. And too many baby pictures.
" He's a confusing individual " #guysareconfusing haha
send me your address!! Need to send you a party invite!
Rocking all tonight
#Idaho: Lawmakers Consider Liquor-By-Drink Tax Vs. Licenses. Via Boise Weekly
Goal before Florida: Dont get arrested.
We will trend #finalsmakemecrazy !!!!!!
RT : When #okc's MAPS program started, they didn't have a lot of positives associated w/ the brand & some controversy.
“: S/O to my new follower! ” right on
The Current Analysis #EC12 Wrapup - Video conferencing was everywhere at EC and all over the map.
let's hook up and do am event together!!!
keep grindin. Hard work pays off
Midnight showing of the Avengers!
singing the clean version in school
you guys are awesome i listen to your album before i go to bed and i have not stopped listening to it since i bought it
Monongahela- cast confirmed, script locked, table read scheduled- coming out swinging from pre production people!
CLOSE TO THE UNIVERSITY OF GEORGIA
Oh yeah free beer and music at the pre party.
had to turn off 810. He is clueless
Jury Duty?
Go 'head with your bad self. Lol <.<
The world looks so much better when leaves are on trees.
Thank you so much, that's really sweet of you, I appreciate it!!
You still have that Two Guys humor man.
GO FOLLOW GO PLEEAAASSSEEE C':
Sworn Enemy
Seeking more? Grow personally and #follow:
T-minus 13 hours and counting - miles on the trane
I'm really more of a cyclist.
Never ever disclose your networth. Give them a taste. Find out if they are worthy first.
im not usually the first one to start a conversation, i just sit here and if they need me im here.
I shouldn't have let you back into my heart. Disaster waiting to happen.
We can't wait to attend the Smart Tan convention in Nashville this weekend!
RT : Just landed in the Chi! Make you're listening to in the AM.. Gonna be co-hosting the morning show all morning l ...
it's, um. Kind if upsetting and shocking really. The gin stuff. Straight down the drain.
I got a basketball jones. Who looks more like a gangster: Calipari or Pitino?
yes I will. What is email address. Thanks a lot
A win is a win is a win is a win! #Buffaloes playing again on Saturday!!!
Wow! #The Artist is perfection!! Must see!
'Twas a joke! Rest assured, I'm an equal opportunity PDA hater.
The book and cd signing at nubian bookstore is at 5:00. U coming?
thanks for quick help on Xto7. Love what you are doing for FCP X embracers.
Did you win the NHL video game you were playing on Up All Night?
"Life is a balance of holding on and letting go."
It actually feels good to be back sitting in a class.
I really liked that show.
was it an amazing day full of Noodles? ;)
LOL .Betsey Johnson was the last company I figured was going bankrupt. Then again more ppl are price conscious.
my brother put a car smelly thingy mugigy on the door knob to make it smell good...hes such a weirdo, i mean who does dat..haha:)
"a little DAGGA!!!!"
of the mutton kind
Playing a few songs at the bluebird cafe tonight with
but that would mean a great many people would get involved with the movement again!!!
Not yet, but here's hoping!
Stook In Between The Too ... i Really Dont Know What To Do ... Dont Choose The One You Like Over The One You Love -&- GoodNight`
i remember the first time i heard the word BITCH on national tv, i was like Whaaaaaaa i can say it class now!!!
finally back from cape cod :D
My back-up profession: EMT :)
should we use twitter for "library discovery" product user group communications? doubtful since folks like me may ignore it for a month...
Obstacles are great incentives.Jules Michelet
is there any Ginger caramel cookie left?! We'll just have to get more from ;)
The greatest weakness of mankind is its familiarity with the word "impossible"
Kn where she ono you from and this ain't her page anymore
When you love and he doesnt love you back
he swaggin with them #PurpleContacts.!! <3 :-) They Dope As Hell
You don't have much longer till he/she is here yet do you? Do you know what it's going to be? boy or girl??
Who is excited for the and concert at Wednesday & Thursday nights? We are!! :-)
Help us reach 100 followers by next week! Tell your friends and colleagues to follow us for the latest on #Holocaust restitution issues
Burn. And hilariously done. RT : Eating a butterfingers RT : Where is Jermichael Finley?
that's my problem stupid bitch didnt give back anything idk what to do
My penis is so poliet, it stand up when a girl sits down.
Tired of inaction.
All of my songs on my iPod got erased. Why!!!!!
If she couldn't, she wouldn't .. but she can, so she does.
Never give up hope. Know that you are loved.
I can't today(: I'll do it tommorow morning!
The guy that i'm a sound productions asisstant for is ashton kutcher's neighbor...
Is here an optimal order to watch in? I know extensive analysis has been done on the Star Wars series. RT :
Really? Wild. Hardly used it first 6 months.. slow learner RT Today 1 year on Twitter:
Twitter PRO!
Check out the new custom Facebook Fan Page we built for Melloy Dodge of Albuquerque, New Mexico. (www.Facebook.com/MelloyDodgeAlbuquerque)
love what has done with #vegan testimonials. Please share you testimonial
worst mood ever..
Waiting will be the death of me.
It's not even an argument, lol. It's us giving our arguments and them going "LALALALALA THE BIBLE LALALALALA"
RT Senate is taking up resolution commemorating Adam Yauch.
Clear Port Boutique has brought back Lay-A-Way!
A superior just said I have a great email personality-Was complimented at first but now think that may be like a great face for radio.
Vito & Nick's (II) makes frozen pizzas. We'll see how that goes, after that, Fasano's (they ship)! Xmas presents for out-of-solved, I think.
On my way to go sit around an empty house waiting for a fridge to be delivered yaaaaaaaay
So happy I got a mani and pedi today <3
just started using this app too! It's awesome
Remember when they said the cost of acting was far less than the cost of NOT acting? This is what they were talking about.
Boo! RT Crig Counsell says thought has crossed his mind in last 24 hrs but, "I have no plans to play."
no doubt! thank you for the follow back, if you ever need us, holla!
What the heck?!
correct. Tomorrow is quiz 1 and completing the discussion on what is creative? Jake is set to visit (& maybe Tess) too.
These pussy fights on Facebook <<<<
Can I just tell u how ready I am for some new jams in my life?! (You know I'll have to MegaMix this new album when it drops.)
Getting close to album completion. Look out 2012! This is happening!
Can't take that sack. This 49ers pass rush is relentless
Yams Farmers' Market after Giwayen Mata's dance and African Art curator's yam harvest kick off lecture at noon. Join us!
You can easy to download and use it for free! | Runescap For Fun Blog
Thank you fro the follow
It's national high five day! Twitter high five <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B> #StinsonOut cc
": How can I help when you push me away..." *Brings ALEX into my arms* talk to me boy, what's on your mind?(: <3
I wonder if Kmart stores dream about being Target stores.
dwl...no. I luv B too
": i be up all nightt, for noo reason !"/// d.m Dat number ..
Hey, the world needs to know. See, now that's just not true.
She always has to ruin my mood does she
": 403E4CE3" Team blackberry Milwaukee midwest region and worldwide fuck with your ninja we'll chop it up!
Your like the bests friends like family then always someone has to try less and feelings fades and u don't talk to eachother anymore...:/<U+E023>
haha reggie is so legit.
thank you for the comments - much appreciated
All the time": My mama tries to talk to me like she's Dr. Phil"
exactly!! Its like having a conversation on the old Nextel walkie-talkies verses a regular phone conversation.
“We’re born naked and the rest is drag.” — RuPaul (b. 1960), drag diva.
Wipe those tears away. Sending you a *BIG HUG* :). When one door closes another one opens! Hang in there!
I think both luck and rg3 will have good if not great careers but Cam Newton will still be better
Never liked the Shins till now.
Y is that butters from southpark is always getting grounded for realli nuthing
"Fuck the life that you live!! Fuck everything you stand for!!"
I wish my office chair had an ejection seat. Then we could use it...
Follow Back.
#idontlikeyoubecause you communicate with everyone but me
I slept like 4 hours. I wish I was back in bed. :(
Amazing day of business strategy and giggles with How lucky am I to be her accountability partner??
A new freshman class of leaves has arrived on the dark twisted branches we call our woods, turning green now—color of anticipation. -Pastan
#National Margarita Day...I'll take
And I know what to do with it...
I'm gonna tweet at you all the time. Hope you're ready for this.
YES!! “: Go Niners and Cowboys :)”
I love it when the cam crews catch random shots of in the crowd. He's always doing somethin random. But.. Thats why I love 'em
MM said Neal had a knee bruise at first though... :/
My days and nights are mixed up. Crazy how ONE hour messes me up. :)
Back from a fantastic wedding tasting Deeeelish! 3 months and counting...can't wait!
Gone too far --> RT : So now I'm supposed to look forward to #gopher football season? That's just as depressing...
No problem!
hey football head !
Painting a 'happy birthday' baseball- almost done, but can't decide how much more detail to add.
Watching the film with the Striders, doing interviews with 88.9.
Just drove by Springfield High School and it sent chills up my back
“ Some males aint shit but some females ain't either ....the fucked up world we live in”
im going to have a nightmare that im trapped in a merge field. i know it.
I'm prepping my presentation for #TheShutterFoundry tomorrow. #nppa #journalism Coming???
watching big east finals at
whats up my man? when you coming home next
don't you think I'd make a great housewife...for Anderson :P
#AGT what is with this father daughter stuff
it was yesterday , but Thank You babe <3
Wow.. Haven't been on here in a while
Congratulations to all the #CODiE12 award winners last night, especially and !
Coming up on NBC 6: Convincing your kids to abandon a dangerous habit. See my story
Watching "Psycho" for Short History of Film class. HItchcock is my idol!
All this week use the code "BLCKFRDY" and get a 15% off any Tvhead shirt.
Why the fuck can't I sleep!?
“Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty
Putting parallel parking on the new Mercer St
For some insight into Bordeaux wines, visit The Stout Report on TheBlendBlog.com
Awe no worries love!! Keep us posted on your up coming shows too! Gonna be in LA mid june so hopefully we can catch you then
Austin Green Festival Oct 23rd. Eco film festival, studio tour, cycling & Gowalla tours of green projects. FREE...
Early morning working
she really reduced focus on objects, devoted herself to learning. Shelves were a mess (but the kids still read like mad).
Mo b*tch, get out the hay. - Cow
there's always next year for best dressed but you picked some great peeps!
Tx 4 following!
I know. He is so inconsiderate
RT : RIAA's Mitch Glazier: We cherish our relationships with you & we know in this room sits the future of the music industry.
<3 you Matt Barker
no reason to. The skeleton is out...#romney should remain focus on the economy.
oh & get better man you are truly amazing <33
6:10 call time is making me all sorts of tired
Come on rain, please wash this pollen blanket off of Atlanta.
Anxiety could feasibly impair orgasmic function in women via several cognitive processes.
Rt!! Love it:) style segment baby
no way! That's awsome can lie though huge new zeland fan here
Don't apologize for who you are, son.
'SOK. It halfway looks more like a revival meeting anyway. RT : Nah. I lost my motivation...
Looks like Asomugha is going back to the raiders
Jogging Regularly Can Add Years to Your Life
Being the #HappyGoLucky type has it advantages but I dislike it's Disadvantages.
You in my bed.“: What are you guys doing tonight?(:”
Man, I hate cabinets. They're so shelfish
Very cool, that's really good to hear about Red Tails. They had to get this movie right!
I've Been Married To Him For 2 Years Bro! Thatss Right Get Somee
*What my bitch Ally said to our teacher* Who the fuck are you talking to right nowww?! Are you fucking me right now?! Like really bitch..
I wonder if it's possible to be too obsessed with your dog haha
We understand. To each their own. More specifics to follow.
Aw, now I'm blushing.
love me some bourbon. Elijah Craig and Basil Hayden are some of my favs.
Here we go.
- thanks. I want iPads/iPod touch for all students now
my PhD advisor is involved in this study
Looking forward to our volunteer appreciation event tonight! Are you coming?
This #HolyWeek, we are thankful for Jesus' sacrifice and remember that His light guides us and forbids the darkness from overtaking us
maybe. it gets deployed in a lot of places though, from "troll" overdiagnosis to comment policies that ban certain topics
Cats can play the lottery now??!! Sweet!!
Does radio count? I only listen to NPR for news.
Which is your favorite #LasVegas pool to kick back and soak up some rays?
Thanks, We appreciate those kind words.
All is right in the world after last nights win! Now on to great games in the ACC tourney.
Kudos for using Reason in an historical period of its absence.
Yay!!! Another project in the works! Thank you Universe!!!!
not till tomorrow morning. Estimated around 10am, train is running an hour or so behind.
I love this new race they're having ...Who can get the most followers....WOW!! now you can get all you want for $67..are these people nuts
It will be nice once I get it and get up and running with it. So far, it is still in "one day" land :/
Three of my students have emailed that they're sick and can't come to class. Is Anglicana really that scary?
I like the way you brush your hair and i like those stylish clothes you wear
Happy groundhog day!
ITS ABOUT THIS CRREPY MAN WHO WAS SITTING ON THE HALFWALL AT MY GYM TODAY. FOR REALZ.
Good fight
Leaving space for leads
Tons of new stuff at Crafty Goodness...get up here and see! Gifts for Mom and more!
Well that gives you plenty of time for fun stuff!! Hows things with your girl?
Bob Dylan on the jukebox. Perfect ending to a perfect night.
So what's the next step with the screenplay after its finished, gonna try and shop it?
Thanks for asking
lol you know I always do this to fuck with you lololololol
"Don't talk to the neighbors. Thieves want your things. Neighbors want your time. I'd rather give them my things."
flow this morning as USUAL... I WANT THAT GHETTO!!!! QUIT PLAYING SIMP!
D karen_w_brown Cincinnati Symphony Orchestra was founded in 1895 and the Cincinnati Pops was officially founded in 1977.
I just decided I want my Flex map back bc I'm mad at u 4 leavin us.
of course his father earned those. but mitt is not an entirely "self-made man." worth noting. have to go! good talk joe!
Help me welcome to twitter!
yeah,, when the buses are more that 15 min late, we should NOT have to pay! We depend on you but WMATA UR NOT DEPENDABLE!
Watching Eight Legged Freaks. This My Freakin Movie Bro.
it might be. I don't recall any analysis predicting a $122 day high
2nite is 's Eye Of The Hawk #PintNight!! $5 gets yr 1st pint & U keep the glass. $2.50 refills! Runs all day!
nandi im bored you got any ideas
This should've been the rule for your digital camera, miss sunburned ass.
Productivity Tip: Read the manual. In hindsight would have saved so much time.
*spastically grabs for coffee* *cuddles the warm cup and lays back down in bed*
It's true. If you think he's hot I am too. He looks like old pedo.
love that song! One of my favorites to hear Greg sing
First day in Paris. Sun is shining. Had a lovely lunch. Into the Marais tonight.
thank you
We shape our buildings, thereafter they shape us. - Winston Churchill
Héctor lavoe tempranito en la mañana . It's something about those Hispanic roots that make you want to turn on the oldie salsa music<3
yea he missed out on a great show that poor guy lol
Speaking of Monsters . . . | Angel Street Mom
#ThingsBlackPeopleGetArrestedFor dating white girls.
haha I did but u were a little (lot) gone Friday u must have forgot
Couldn't drive straight coming home. Thought I was really tired. Got home and realized it was just really windy outside
FYI the team sheets for Wis and MSU posted on NCAA site are incorrect. They show that the teams have played one another 4 times
Gentry: "Because if you say it’s a must-win situation, then you’re pretty much saying if you don’t win the season is over."
yeah that's how it is!
Miss giving you them back shots girl you remember that.
I love how the VCD kit and bianchi bike do not match in the slightest.
I am waiting to leave work. sigh.
Still nothing... I guess their responses are like their Internet service. Either VERY slow or NON Existent ;-)
The main reason Santa is so jolly is because he knows where all the bad girls live.
miss you man
Seeing you differently. Changed my mind.
this is a wonderful use of technology...
hey you... your so fucking cute, okay bye #(:
What? Somebody is gonna betray her? :O
I love my teammates
Woke up with #portlandia on my mind, someone give me #Stumptown and #voodoodoughnuts!!!!
Final class , getting mix ready for wed
lol, idk. Like most people think she turned into a ... Now.
The game has end lol
Come out to Rice Park and enjoy this beautiful weather and sunshine! Hail Carnival!
how wonderful; then you must do the Mallaig trip! And they'll love the Edinburgh castle!
This storm is freaking me and my dog out!
If I can smell your body odor from across the counter, it's time for you to shower.
So, so lame.
ah!!! Ben! We need to Skype him again!!
Please donate your $10. or more today. Blue Martini Kendall is tomorrow. JOIN US 4 live music and lots of fun!! www.docit1.org
take out throwing knives in infection it takes the fun out of the game and makes it 5 kills long
I don't know, but I'm not happy about this at all! :(
Have fun! give that a hug for me please!
where have you been?? :)
So sleepy it's not normal and I can't even Sleep >.<
Got my prom dress :))
going to the dells for mothers day weekend. Me and Ethan. Treat to myself, cause every mothers day has been horrid
Weird request, but who knows. Anyone have access to the script from the movie Stand By Me? I need to see how a scene was written.
Chimera is ugly as fuck, but he is quick as shit.
I don't think I'll ever understand why girls fuck over good guys n guys fuck over good girls?.. N I don't understand the point of allergies.
Acceptance with one's peers often becomes a more powerful incentive than orthodoxy. (Sam Storms)
why even bother? The douchebaggery of UL fan never ceases to amaze me.
Two new clients today. Great day. Announcements soon enough.
How is earnhart jr doing
How many teams out there have a guy like #Tomlin in the 3-4 spot?
Need cash for clothes? Email for details on consigning summer clothing and accessories at an upcoming event.
if harbor town or midtown sound as good to you as they do me, then YES :)
mistletoe is a nice song :) I love listen to it. ;)
sent ya a couple DM's.
thanks dude! Maybe we can make it up there one day!
I know Michael but I just feel like it x)
I just wanna kiss somebody right now. Under the moonlight.
This town was built to remind me of all my mistakes.
it was a joke so smoke a blunt n chill k blood?
why must we be so awesome?
You can only say "Kobe looks really sick" so many ways. This broadcast team has covered all of them. Twice.
Yes! Go
The rain has stopped! Excited for my last long run before the race. I never thought I would see the day where 12-miles was considered easy!
you should sing Just So You Know by Jesse McCartney :)
Final trailer in 12 days!
Loved reading them! Poetry is a secret vice of mine. Thanks so much for sending. :)
#DodgerFam...wrking on a NEW segment for my show...if you could ask anything to your favorite current Dodger...what would you ask?? :)
You're only cool if you have silly bands. 2011: Planking is boss. 2012: HEY! Let's all choke on cinnamon"
Thinking of changing my name to Davin "Old Hoss" Wilfrid for next week, to accompany my backslapping American ways in London
Hello Austin! I love you!
You too--love to find new tweeps!
total beers to be consumed at Minnesota games?
I do LOL RT : you want mine to bring you some lol ;)
I'd really, really like to be that victim.
He did! I suspect it wil be a regular spot! :) How was MM?
Love Heidi's turquoise necklace!
May 2nd 9 day and May 3 9 week eve. salesperson real estate classes coming up! WWW.TUCKERSCHOOL.COM! Get your license with Tucker!
I totally get it. These ppl r a-holes but not stupid. Mags are filled with ads for diet pills 2. Distracts fr higher goals.
Sleep is probably one of the most hardest things to achieve in my life...
Wow, that was incredible. #Grammynoms Who was watching? Tons of tweets. Thanks everyone!
go follow my real account
“: You can pick your friends, and you can pick your nose, but you can't rob a bank. That's a felony. #antijoke”
wahhhh i miss the old insights :(
Question: What is the greatest lesson you have learned from a teacher?
Im so exhausted
does that mean no tickling?
"The biggest gap in our lives is, what we know and what we do with what we know."
Reds or Indians?
what? you're gonna walk around the house and look at yourself in the mirror all day? ;)
Each time I speak with my mom, she tells me I should marry She has good taste! Too bad he's taken.
Featured Bit - Shats R Us. Hear it at www.freekshowradio.com
Look like dnt nobody like me no
mummy, stephen, and I decided i'd come over next weekenndd
Raven! Please come to the premiere of Una Noche which is in competition at Tribeca! The film was shot entirely in Cuba!
You following me is pretty much impossible... RT and follow if you noticed :)
I followed!(:
I don't have warranty anymore though, how much do I have to pay?
all in all a very good day for this chap..a successful interview and fun lunch with a new friend..yep, its a Scotch night
Plaque on pets teeth is invisible to the naked eye.
know it's not true! good luck
Hey, did something happen to your follower count? I'm not sure how I "unfollowed," but fyi it wasn't me.
Thanks!!! Mwah!
SB 1530 (Padilla) passed to Senate Appropriations, will all Committee members present voting in support. Some amends were made, tho unclear.
oh word! Apple care!
Jesus loves me this I know, for the Bible tells me so..
That moment when a spider lands on you and you instantly become a ninja.
i know..& it's stupid.
Grant committee just approved grants for two teens to receive piano lessons!
i think you need to play #SaySomethin on B96 AGAIN!! <3 im in the car and wanna listen to it!(:
Ha, it wasn't crazy by any means. The extras were pricey though, of course.
"Da do da do da do you believe in magic?" - "Why yes, I do that is in the bed."
I think the ultimate act of revenge that would bring the greatest amount of satisfaction would be cuming in his food and watching him eat it
the art of beer is Thursday though!
Welcome to #SportingKC, !
what u got goin on today
Why not focus on knowledge instead of time as the principle idea of education? -
I used them last year. I am not in the classroom this year but will take the survey based on previous experience if that will help
Worst experience so far to date at the lake Watched people walk in and get seated before me after 1/2 hour wait. rude hostess.
Who would like to take me to school tomorrow morning? :) I'll pay cash money ;) no joke.
I believe!!! RT : I can't wait till A.J. Burnett wins game one of the World Series for the Pirates
you are too amazing for mere words. Thats all I can say. I can spend the rest of my life telling you how wonderful you are.
#edulive apparently we're all narcissistic idiots for sharing too much- generational viewpoint difference? How to teach students to be safe?
Ha! I see everything ... lmao, You're NOT slick :0
congrats on Remix....keep expanding your empire.
So it seems to be happening just as it did with MySpace, I am moving over to Twitter. Not completely, at least...not yet...
is on the laptop now, us cellular is gonna kick my ass!!!!!
Finally checking out Going with the Otis Oatmeal Stout.
GOOD Morning, hope you have a good day (: !!!
Sitting down to watch a ryan gosling love story alone with a bottle of cab sauv. And you thought 1) I was str8, and 2) emo was dead.
me i want a dollar and 35 cents
I feel relief.
Enjoying being different......
I will tweet you when I'm around.
You absolutely should not! You have a baby to spoil! They are cute though, huh?!
Y.B.Y.S.A.I.A Yea Bruh You Stank And I'm Appalled
I love kids but ah they get on ever nerve I have!!
I was gonna say Alan Mulally, but you were my next guess
Think it'll work? It would take a miracle.
With the cold-front coming, Chi Fests will be less and less. SO make sure to check out the #CoyoteArtFestival this weekend 9/30-10/2
#Church RT : Stop trippin off of/hatin on ppl you don't even know. Especially on fb &amp; twitter.
had a really great time at your show! U were amazing, too bad i didnt get to meet u! We waited outside a long time for u :'/
me too. I hibernated!
Agreed. Like Siemens' slide detailed, depends on purpose and desired outcomes.
FUCK YEAH! Finally got the CD!!!!! I LOVE IT! <3
Haha! Yes, just me being facetious :)
I am inspired by the trails and tribulations that my foreparents endured to give me a chance to be successful.
Would you like to get paid for coffee, tea, or hot cocoa? Get paid to use soap and toothpaste as well. 646 519 5860 Code: 64630# at 1&9 EST
Where do you get that shirt you ask???
Im not cosigning lol.....we was there from 7ish in the morning til 11...! && why you wanna see the both of us.?
My nose keeps running and then I was thinking to myself this blows and instantly started to laugh I am such a #dork sometimes.
midnight session.. back to the lab
Well...it is snowing in Boston! This probably won't be the only status about that either haha...
The worst is over folks! Brooklynites dealing with the Irene aftermath now..People out in Coney Island are relieved it wasn't a lot worse.
Have a great time tonight!! We'd love you to share your pics!
North America Switch Market Review - TTI MarketEye (blog)
Gay ja vu - when you see two different gay guys who look exactly the same.
Lakers are going to roll tonight!
I see!! Lol I'm driving to long beach tomorrow
i cant drive past a target without going in
Mazel Tov! RT : My voice just made its cable news debut.
Guh! I was referring to your earlier tweet about the show you're seeing and the company you're keeping tonight.
Woke up to the best text ever :)
yep thats the way to be shawty
: Happy New Year darlin'! May 2012 turn your dreams into reality. =)
is challenging all the High Point Christian school kids in chapel to honor God by encouraging their friends and family today!
You're joking RT : This nigga said 'what's trap or die' -_-
but did you spread it all over your boobs? That's the important question here…
Watching and amazed. I must see humpback whales one day!
Hey remember. the old days. here on Peoplestring
They give you your soul back if you drop out. Mine's pretty beat up, even after less than a year, but it still works
thank you!!
Like your link as well
whoever calls me back first wins a high five! Ready.... GO!
<U+FFFD>I think you sound like an angel, and everyone else sounds like demons.<U+FFFD>
Started reading Angels & Demons. It's very interesting so far... I just hope it stays scientific.
Lol thank you :/
5 days to go before Talkbiznow.com solves the online advertising problem of placement - don't miss out!
Finished revisions. Next week final read through b4 back to agent!
yeah, you know who my people are? You guys. Because you're great!
Unfortunately I have gotten very out of touch with new FB changes and developments these last few months - so sorry girl.
Grand Slam!!!
Music Marketing 101 - Artists & Musicians: Go where you're Celebrated, not Tolerated.
What classes did you have to take to be an EMT?
kinda like the ho that posted the lyrics to One Thing on Facebook. Bitch please lol Xx
hahaha I love you
With Brook Lopez out, would you start Marshon Brooks over either Jason Richardson or Afflalo? Thanks!!
#DontYouHateWhen you finally have the best hiding spot in Hide N' Go Seek but then all of a sudden.... Damn I gotta piss
thanks babe!
Me either! RT : Can I please get an Ipod instead of a stereo? My heart ain't feelin' this.
Another grass fire wetmore and Nacogdoches in San Antonio
Except when they move to poor, shanty houses in timbuktu
"These shorts are for a younger person, wouldn't you say?" Thursday nights on NBC this fall
No way really?
Raisins, apples, dates, prunes, figs, pineapples are excellent sources of fiber and potassium and are fat-free.
Okay! I'll send you the updated artwork today. You're allowed on your email right?
i am solving this right now!
Im gonna film today! If my allergies cooperate with me today!
Fave Kelly Kapoor line 2 Ryan remains "I have a question...how dare you?" We say it all the time in my Office.
Thought the wind would blow my car off the road on the way home tonight.
haha I know:( they might get lucky if Barcelona doesn't score soon though
Hard Work does, when luck doesn't.
That and I was having connectivity issues :-) so I stopped posting!
oh hey and what happen cuz u have changed like ur a diff person literally
A lot of ppl may not like my choices but I make them for a reason, its all apart of a plan
When you sign on to something, there will be issues of trust, deep trust, the way the members of a string quartet have to trust one another.
Live your truth & BE the vocation that you're called to do.
#MondayConsoleTypos - "bungle install"
Steve and are at the Euclid Tavern in CLE all nite for comedy then Karaoke! Come have some fun! Caricatures tonite too
Friday the 13th, Rain, Wind, Thunder, Lightning, Snow! Cold & Blustery out there...Be safe. Can u believe 80's by Tues?
oh I gotcha I respect that, got to avoid the drama. Smart thinkin
HAPPY BDAY MINES TOMORROW :-)
following that blue dream
Tickets available for sale NOW on www.whatsfunnylive.com for the BLIND, CRIPPLED & CRAZY TOUR!!!!!
some days you're the dissenter some days you're the door
Attending talk now by President and CEO of the Skoll Foundation Sally Osberg. She is addressing social entrpreneurship. Amazing!
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music ? 4
Curly hair tomorrow? I think so. :)
Just got Rita's w/ my babe <U+2764>
Colts took Chris Rucker.
I think we can do better. :-p
Two feet of snow, two feet of snow! Come on, everybody now! especially you !
The prospect of sassy salsa has blown the clouds away. It's a come as you are class so get your sass in gear - 6:30-7:30p!
thanks for the add! im digging your music : )
you little tweeter
that's exciting can't wait !
#3WordsForYou I'm not her
This form auto-complete just turned my address to "Hard Drive." Ok, universe, you're hi-LA-rious
if you make your self look like an idiot your value depreciates.
Hey, we can kind of agree with that.
Good morning hope everyone had a great weekend. Welcome back to Monday.
Mr.D's painting is a proud user of Dunn Edwards paints for all of our painting projects. Call today for a free estimate www.mrdspainting.com
BTW, when I say lots of Russia-related material, I do mean lots. The woman apparently saved evverything that she ever touched.
so much.. he's in my econ class -_-
you're not the person that I knew back then
Ima pick somebody and visit them tonight. I doubt I'll be able to sleep.
aye, check your DMs please ?
You can have people search your vid in the search bar and smash your vid. The next competition starts tomorrow.
My mommy
If you're hunky and you know it clasp your hands.
Dont’t fall in love with someone you can live with, fall in love with someone you can’t live without.
fresh dressed.......sike
Thx 4 Fllwg All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
LETS GET IT
your lip is busted?!
I thought the same thing, but it lets you modify your pics to look way cooler
It is surprisingly loud around here today!
Got my Krispy Kreme fix this morning :) this has become my morning routine this week!
And I, for one, am glad you are, ! Where have you been?
Thanks. Sorry for the misinformation & on is tomorrow, not tonight!
lots of work, and some hanging with friends. I'm back at Gamestop. How've you been dude?
Today I'm doing work I've not done since high school. It's interesting but it's hurting my poor eyeballs.
RT : Tip for blogging: Get organized. Create a blogging calendar guides you as you plan out upcoming posts and topics....
lmao! the truffle shuffle! awesome!
I told a joke on an elevator...........it worked on so many levels.
we work together now nigga >=) lol
Essentially: "Well, these chicks were sending me nude pics. It would be rude not to send one back!" A true gentleman's junk pic policy.
yay, im glad ;] love u too! just ignore those people
have a great lunch!
An average American, in a lifetime, will spend an average of 6 months waiting at red lights.
text me 9192475638
Im buying 20 mega millions tickets. So what?
Bill Clinton...sort of.
Happy Fathers Day
Thanks for the inclusion.
me+food=romantic date for two
I'm not sure when the phrase "Clown-housing" became part of my design critique language, but I like it! "That looks too clown house-y"
you asking me out on a date or is this another dig on the HGB? ;)
Hiring a 3rd guitar and/or piano teacher for my mobile teaching studio. Good money, training provided. Contact if interested.
You been keeping up with StuuDxThuuD?
follow me and make me smile please you teach me never say No you teach me the dream will come true if you believe in him
The Milwaukee Youth Council will be focusing on job creation for youth tomorrow. Questions/Comments use hashtag
Hmm Kristen Bell maybe?
Watching Seed of Chucky.
Mediatakeout is reporting that Odom is hooking Kobe up with Kim Kardashian. I would say Kobe is an upgrade from Kris Humphries
Lame! Blaming the victim when your manufactured cause is involved in ~1% of pedestrian crashes. Car culture kills pedestrians!
Juliet my hear broke tho </3
hey i hope u feel better
National Lab Day Seeks to Leverage Hands-on Learning to Broaden Science's Appeal: Scientific America www.scientificamerican.com
All I can think about when I hear QC Prophets is "Game don't start yet" being yelled from the bleachers of Assembly Hall
Most children threaten at times to run away from home. This is the only thing that keeps some parents going. ~Phyllis Diller
So happy to be out of apple hell taking a spin on the evo instead. Ah yes, I can feel the android refreshment now!!!
. (and ) on The Colbert Report!
One direction is famous because of their looks not their talents
Mary Gentle's The Black Opera: a librettist in 1820s Naples must write an opera in six weeks to keep Satanists from erupting Vesuvius. LOVE!
so very sleepy today!
It was great! Thanks for asking! :D How are you doing?
You're too good to me, ;)
I've come to the conclusion that everyone in Reno is still sleeping in preparation of "green" activities tonight. BE SAFE! ^jl
I'm a man of many surprises. RT : I can't belive ur doing birkram! Never would have thought
Being awake at 4 am is never good when you have to be up early the next day...
i fucking love the royal couple, im obsessed.
Great to be back in the office. WSWA was an incredible show this year. Our Cigar Cabana was a hit. Can't wait for the show next year in ORL.
dam im bored my,game needs to hurry up
I would love to! 12:30? You name the place.
I saw izzy was on so i decided to get on.lol. -Shelby
RT : Dear mother nature, i'd like to cancel my monthly subscription...sincerely, 100% of all women.<U+2665>
i hate school SO fucking much.
I miss you more
is updating my Bella Ragazza line (childrens jewelry). Whimsical Fairies and Secrete Garden, Mood Bracelets and boys items coming soon!
I am gonna give the Mains new album a chance right now:) gonna see if anything catches my attention
I 100% approve
thank you for following me, look forward to following your tweets as well. Ed
Haha how many bass players does it take to change a lightbulb? One, but the guitarist had to first show him how to do it. It's joke day!
do you think I can at least go to bed or do you think something will go down tonight?
followd ya can I get a follow back pretty please
Tonight The Top Shelf's Garage. Scarlett's Web.
Thankful today is over, let's just see what nightmare I go into on Thursday
#Timeline is a place that I am proud to call my home #f8 ... allowing users to express their unique personality
lmfao oh yes, definitely!
im bored so entertain me (:
Reason can lead humans to perfection and to a heavenly existence on earth....Locke
you are to me tho...
Goin to downtown sd!!
happy Mother's day Mommy u are the best mom ever LOVE U<33
This snow does not feel magical enough.
I was a blast in a glass tonight. would be proud.
Mardy Fish is knocked out if the Aussie Open! Roddick will have to step it up for the Americans.
The containers we use are 100% recyclable. The Earth matters to us, and we know it matters to you!!
hope you feel better
Thanks to and for the RTs
of course! I'll inbox you tonight so you know what's going on :)
Working out with Megan = success :)
I shouldn't care but this makes me sad.
RT : Jamie Moyer... 49 years old... 0 ER in 7 IP... oldest pitcher to get a W in MLB history... epitome of a great competitor!
Lovely Skyping with my gal , glad to know you're here for me and same for you too!!! :)
Praveen Madan says, wouldn't it be nice to up current% of people who read a book after high school from 50%?
We love letting our supporters meet the many families they help...nothing like showing them where their money goes!
it's subjective. Might be slanderous/libelous to post a photo of someone and call them a creep on a site like that.
”I hate money but love to make money” #shoutout to for a #hiphop classic!
Just copped this new phone... Its too sick
Driving a loaner car. 13 storage compartments at front seat. I guess I should travel with more stuff.
Deerhoof... You did it again. Wtf?:)
I told papa I was ready for church but I'm in bed tweeting.
Because Gaby was there to take it already. Don't charge so hard if you aren't going to make that play.
When I actually get a text when I say text it
Clay Aiken in the house!!!
Wish I had someone to spoil for Valentines day #
Phew. Just did a word search in my book manuscript and it doesn't appear.
Andy Paul wrote a terrific book, "Zero-Time Selling"; I read it, loved it, and I think you will, too. Order a copy today!
My family came over for dinner(:
it's out already!?!?
It's game time! Outdoor game. Time for some old school to get pumped. Tribe call Quest - lets go.
We find it appropriate that Judge Sumi would continue her misguided hearings on April Fools Day. Enjoy it while you can, elitists.
happy birthday!!!
floor likely has no control over the situation but im playing scoops instead too
Partying later with & #watchoutworld #hereiam (bridesmaids reference)
Curtis Granderson is a fucking stud
Tired of all this...
Still can't get over it. Miami of Ohio!!!!!
Damn Artest I felt that here in DC!!
what it do fam
omg. We are definatly best friends.
Should be another busy day Ready or not here we go.
My wish is for to follow me!!?:)
going shopping at the market for some sexy foods... what's your fav food to bring to the bedroom? giant dildo veg? chocolate? whipped cream?
amen sista! It happens less and less. I think they sense the desperation ;)
“If it ain't broke, don't fix it' is the slogan of the complacent, arrogant or scared. It's an excuse 4inaction" - ColinPowell
is that url right?
just joining twitter!
We won the best mask contest!
The beautiful thing about dreams is they have no expiration date. They stay alive as long as you want them to.
who are these people following me??
i just think its wierd and pathetic. Asking for a follow? and "2kewl4skewl"? Wow
Thanks for following! , , and for the retweet
Anchoring RocCity We're talking w/URMC nurse about new study that shows kids more likely to dev autism if their mothers r obese.
Thanks for the props!
On my way to improv class. Let's hope it's a good one.
Is this an infomercial!?
I love going to mommy atm
Listen here girl >>>No Cuffin<<
omg I did the same exact thing to my phone this weekend
craig's quote of the day: "I should just start wearing a camera on my head."
#Shabbatshalom to everyone. Hard to believe we arrived for #TribeFest a week ago. Was great to see everyone
You keep telling me you love me, but I want you to show me.
Welcome, Boswell and scribe.
According to , 52 desk appearance tkts and 34 held for arraignment (disorderly conduct to assault on an officer)
Our lips are sealed...
Going there now to look for middle school ideas! Thx so much!
kisses very hot, i would love to kiss her LOL <U+2665>
We are starting to get all the snow here in Chicago!
Staff at Imboden Creek Gardens just ate cicadas to raise money for Alzheimer's. Check out our report tonight at 6pm on WAND!
Broke my hand when I fell last week.
Thank you! And God Bless! :)
Judge rereading portions of jury instructions.
OHIO 4 teams in the Sweet 16. 2 here locally in Cinti!
great! Hugs!
LOS SUNS!
better be
Sometimes, I think I am the funniest person on earth. I really crack myself up. hm
Mumf doin This Tim Tomorrow with the Kinks? Noice!.
Tonight- Boulder S'Wedge - CRITICAL THEORY - Hip-hop - 8PM
Ha! Bro, if I did I'd be there with you! HST is the man!
Welcome to our new follower
Oh indeed. Fun to see those I did, hearbreaking those I didn't.
HA. You wish. I'm out of your league
All you have to do is stand still and look stupid
and kept bragging about it
the special beet and ramp salad is offered in all of our new york locations - we think it is delicious as well!
you know you've got it bad when your trying to sing "Call me maybe" but it comes out "Call me crazy" haha #210Takeover :D
no. I don't really know. Haven't seen the bracket
CHINA MONEY-Selling blue-chips will take more than low PEs
": If your headline sucks I'm not reading your blog."
Diet tip: Eat a chocolate bar before each meal. It'll take the edge off your appetite, and you'll eat less.
Im tryin to build my clientele to where I dont have to work and can just go to school...wishful thinking
RT : shut your trap RT : Man u females basketball watchers is the reason behind this right now-Haha
Let's do it again -jboog
“: “: I'm glad you only text me when your bored. #littleshit” when do you text?” how's the food poisoning
Just noticed "dime president" is the last thing I searched in google. Means I was getting murdered in trivia by last night.
BYU will come back and win this game, dont doubt Jimmer!
<----- everyone go follow her I am trying to help her out so just follow :)
2012 Fantasy Baseball Analysis: Comparing Josh Reddick and Gerardo Parra - Opposing Views
that's deep
Omg I'm retarded
coming to see u in Orlando<U+E106>
I'd say midnight is as good a time as any to throw out everything I've written for this 10 am deadline and start over.
"So is it going to be easier to do it in a new univ or expect our existing univ to comp change?" Does our gov know USF has an eng school?
RT : Take care of yourself & you will be taken care of.
hahaha when I first saw your profile picture i laughed for 10 minutes and I still don't know why:D
happy birthday beautiful lavvvvv
She's coming to my town for a book signing you should come here and I'll take ya
Not even the part where you insisted we reenact chapter 10 of "50 Shades Of Grey?"
try an image search on st. agatha.
Worked out w/ some cardio & yoga (yes yoga, don't judge me...that ish is hard!). Walked Pharaoh. Cleaned up. Now time to get ready 4 tonight
I perused the medicine cabinet today and pondered why anyone would choose regular over Extra strength Gas-X...
So appreciated!!! Can't wait for you to see Mequon;)
Rachael, enforced by coercive measures
yo man, rock on
#SouthFlorida! Embroidered polos, printed tees, uniforms, logo design, promotional products - www.shirtguydirect.com - our mobile site is up
good morning :)
Hey George!!
RT : Reviewers should be cultivated and have guidelines based on the nature of the specific communities. J.Bardzell
Of course!! ;D
WELP looks like it didn't work.....this time thank God. But they are still in their think tanks
#Aztec Baseball has won 4 straight games! During their streak they have amassed 29 runs, 42 hits, and 25 rbi's.
Thank you, for following!
My pandering for followers is 15 followers short right now.
I wish that everyone would just stop playing the victim and take responsibility for their actions. Is that to much to ask for?
Is it becoming mandatory that vocalists in bands have to own clothing lines now!?
Just finished reading Jesus Land, by Julia Scheeres. So good, so heartbreaking.
wish you were here!
RT It's still legal to fire someone for being Gay in 29 states in U.S. But not in Mass.There, Romney will just make you quit.
im just a dude livin life to the fullest nephew.
has emotions n ties n certain feelings. Sex is just sex. They would be considered "quickies "...
#ncaafinals UK all the way!
'who do you think you are, running round leavin' scars.' _jar of hearts
thanks for the RT!!
not possible.
Pftt... Thank you very much Mr. Practical. :) Maybe Santa has one in his bag for me. I've been REALLY good!
Never would have guessed going into this weekend that I'd be so eager for #SPARQL 1.1 to be widely implemented.
Well hello there my fellow fabulous NJ gal :-) hope all is splendid.
oh well
lol Kk I gtg I'm taking a shower
Somewhere a meter maid is ruining someone's morning.
Seriously the help sucked. Bridesmaids is 1000000 times better
thanks gee <3
PSA: it is not true that cats always land on their feet.
I'm so brown I satisfied my craving for spicy food by eating flammin hot fries. If only there was a subsitute for rice.
Thanks; it's been... busy.
Might you know of a local band called 'Imagineers'?
Your source for unfinished Brazilian Hardwood Flooring & Decking.
totally agree haha
Malibu's most wanted is dat movie # aint seen dis movie n ah minute
Okay, second interview done. I think it went really well too! It's always nice when you click with the person interviewing you, it was fun.
: The New Economy will be a Metropolitan economy.
We enjoyed it! Keep tweeting! MT : #FulbrightEnrichment DC team, thx 4 an awesome social media presentation: keep wired!
Don't get mad at me your sister follows me on twitter
It is a beautiful glorious morning in the nation's capitol. Only a one day trip, but it's a great day to be here.
would love specifics about what's inaccurate and would love to read a smart alternative if you've got one. :)
Sounds great! How did it go?
makes great pillow like he makes great beats
Thats crazy. Wish I could do that race.
Man I love taking a cold shower after track practice on a hot day like this. Feels like I'm diving into a pool
homeguuurrll take me to arlington so I can find James Franco c; lolol
You're looking for answers everywhere except within. Learn to master self-realization
1st gen students AND scholars often enter the academy to serve their communities. Dissatisfying bait & switch when academy tells them not to
Tacos and bookies. Dong
just got done killing zombies hahaha listening to Avenged Sevenfold til i fall asleep !!! :) :)
IT'S NOT ACTUAL FISH OMDG
Randy Wells is trending and Derrick Rose is not.
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally. -David Frost
is your mom?! I didn't make that connection! Def bring her in for the shake
buy a track and record vocals for free at , DM me for details
Planning to watch "The Age of Stupid" on Friday night at the Center of Light - Milwaukee at 7:30PM. Be inspired to save our world!
u already know
I'm obsessed with Bond #9's new fragrance Madison Avenue... love it!
Out with the old and in with the new.
Just found Tenderloins Podcast on Zune! Subscribed right away, great stuff!
Hm....we agree!
Yeah, the old ways are coming. The choke out had me shook until I realized it was probably a dream.
Those moments where you want to scream really loud and break something.
; That Ratchet School , Lolss .
Can u check the mail please
AWESOME listening to you for the 1st time at #TAOM. Thx esp. for sharing about I'll nvr again track hits like an idiot :)
what have I done with my first day not having swim practice I ran 3.5 miles instead of doing hw.
I THINK I HIT THE PICK 4
you can also confirm the genuine players on as well - when they get round to having a twitter account :)
Hey! I am following you.
Recommend: Nov. issue of Smithsonian. There is a fascinating article by Ralph Frammolino titled "A Goddess Goes Home".
-- - I know that prob sounds silly, but it's something we're mindful of. :(
I'd be interested in presenting on Explore Baltimore Heritage at some future MHCC meeting if that might be welcome.
: Happy Birthday Bro!!! From the Show Stoppaz Family!
lizzie mcguire movie <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Anyone wanna come with me to Cinci tonight??
eat fresh.
A Chance to meet you and the Boyz <U+2665>
UPDATE: Tonight's holiday gathering has been cancelled as I'm headed to the ER for chest pains & breathing problems (doctor's orders).
I thought you said you were spending the day with your boyfriend?
Thanks Katie. :)
MY CARDS FINALLY WON TODAY?!
No kidding. People just don't have respect for others anymore.. They only care about themselves.
this day! it's so busy!
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
Hey you! Was great seeing you as well. Always awesome (though it's too infrequent) hanging with you my friend!
our convos are the best
Way to ruin things ! Now my mammogram business is back to 0 customers.
your welcome! Thank you for writing such an enjoyable piece.
Saw some great examples using interactive digital whiteboard app ShowMe in #slbootcamp breakouts! Nice job, everyone!
I've been good. Going hard in G+ I got almost 8k follower. And GSK... wow. outdid himself on it. 10/10.
I am dead ur tweetin my ghost lol nah i know what u been up to??
thank you(:
Makes you want move to Southern California. Life is not bad.
"Though I expected students to dislike the electric shocks, they reported feeling gratified by the close attention they received."
Waiting on at Circle Center Mall. This place just really doesn't change. Not good, not bad, just is.
Hey #edcampCincy peeps! We have sold 50 tickets. Three weeks before edcampCincy 2010 we had only sold 30! Woot!!
. Isn't that actually three things?
RT i agree. if SM outcomes were measurable, someone would be making a lot more $$ right now
LOL Word! I'll email some wings over ASAP
thanks! We learn from masters like you!
Bitch , Your baggage ain't mine too carry ! Get outta here . >.<
Another day at the #thehellhole they call school
I'm almost in my 30's so I gotta put that work in NOW
It's been a crazy few months, but I'm looking fwd to connecting tonight at the #smcchicago holiday party & refocusing on social media again!
Coach McCarthy doing a live PC today?
its such a boring night! |:
I can't decide who wears more ridiculous T shirts, kids or adults...
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, “Submit to God and be at peace with him; in this way prosperity will come to you. Accept...
Laundry at our house is a constant, daily chore. Like doing the dishes. It never freaking ends.
#raw10 met a Guy, who went 2 his wife drunk wit lipstick on his neck n pants! She Crazy glued his shaft 2 his leg. After hrs, nail polish wk
or girl underwear... ;)
So excited to work w/ Maureen Cooper at Goliath Promotions!!
I know how u feel! ur daughter is so cute! she looks just like u! (great job thursday!) I still have a sore throat!
"The time you enjoy wasting is not wasted time." Bertrand Russell
Don't cry for me when I'm gone. Just put a quarter in the jukebox and sing me home.
lmfaooo goodbye :p
Judkins carpet liked this
You are?(: of what?
What a fun way to start the day!
LOL! RT : I can't be there, but sounds like it's in my honor! RT : #sangria #Sunday 50% off pitchers of sangria!
Omg this lighting is scary:( my whole room lihts up rlly bright!! Ah, reception is going down!!!
we love you more for expressing what all humans need to know. Thanks!
the Memphis is good
good day Tuesday is good for me :)
Thank you. Great webinar. I look forward to digging into the functionality deeper.
Looking forward to it!
John Laurinaitis Sucks!
Ah. This is the weather I was looking forward to for SXSW. Added benefit is that it's luring people out of the convention center.
Pass the ibuprofen, please. It's going to be a long night.
I'm bored
the #USASF is so dumb. i swear if they change the rules for sure..
Quote of the day: The more original a discovery, the more obvious it seems afterwards
Watched "Missrepresentation" tonight w/ watch & let's make a change.
Everyone, come to 12th and Porter tonight at 6 to see ! Great music, no cover!
Gearing up for a busy day tomorrow. Spending the day with my fellows and then getting dolled up for the Gala!
Love the Zepplin re-entry
A shark is the only fish that can blink with both eyes.
*LRB = London Review of Books, askers
A lot of good music out right now! Can't stop listening to it!
Thanks! So glad to hear, come back soon!
- will do! Same to you!
no problem hearing/seeing you ! thanks for this #soctech!
What is the best place for wings in #mke?
Morning to you. Another beautiful sunrise in Denver!
Kinda nervous about my first day tomorrow.
I have zero desire to get any tattoos
The one day I really just don't feel like doing anything I have to work.. of course.
when I accept friends on FB I make sure they don't have shoe ads
I really hope KOBE gives the team a tongue lashing in the media to jump start their hearts .... SMDH damn shame he never has consistent help
Not feeling the best :/ Watching the new Punk'd!
u go girl!
In #poker and #blackjack (or any game that's not #craps or #roulette) you can't "nice hand" or "nice hit" your own hand!
hah same here victor!! Hah your a beast!!!
Love your profile quote!
we love you too buddy!!
Its hot under the cover..but cold not bein under it:/
Holy crap guys. Justin Bieber's Never Say Never is actually a genuinely good movie. Seriously.
Looking for #gapyear #travel ideas? Check us out we have added some new and exciting tours around the #USA #student discounts special offers
RT : Humility gives us both the willingness to change & the vision to make the changes we need to make.
“: hilary remains overrated because people don't want to let go of their childhood.”!!!!!!!!!
see ya when you get back!
we all will be happy>>> RT ": If the Lakers lose tonight tho... Smh"
Home sales are increasing in price as the economy is showing increasing signs of improving.
A full day of exam prep for the Series 6 financial securities FINRA license. At least the weather's great!
Absolutely cannot listen to music while doing academic writing or reading. I pay too much attention to the music.
C.J. Watson: NOT. SMART.
Since when do Bahama Bucks spoons change colors???
A good time for new beginnings.
Is u still scared of a Chihuahua?Follow me,n follow u
don't make fun of that young lady
Thank you for supporting Purple Door and local businesses!
So much fun shredding the powder up at Stevens tonight... Slowly becoming an addiction!
great meeting you at the Summit yesterday. Also great fun connecting with the most active citizens in the District.
Leaving for Ohio today. Cedar Point tomorrow! Txt the cell. :)
-i swear i jst made bout 5 new great friends this weekend: & in only 48 hrs we then laugh, cry. And almost died together... Lbvs
going through the same thing, This guy Zac lied to me to get into my pants, made me fall 4 him then started acting like a jerk.
Did you smoke a cigar too?
-Hi Dolls!! I need to pull from you asap! Sending you an email now, for a FUN music video w/ !! xox
Good morning .
Do you love a good blog? Then check out these tweeps for #FollowFriday - (via )
Doing a Movie tonight!!! ME & shotta luv my son...
My mom just told me she wants one of those "Cute little phones that will talk to you."
thanks for buying that black hoodie!!! It looked pretty badass! Love the pic ;)
haha I got you!
Wish I could wear my starwars shirt tomorrow. But I sold it to platos last week. For lunch money. Grrr
Listening to RADIOHEAD….does this make me a middle aged man?
What an incredibly blah evening. I graded all day and I am feeling a little under the weather. So many more topic papers to grade. Bah!
Especially when/because the conversations never move toward solutions.Arguing does EXACTLY what the powers that be hope to accomplish
RT : Rangers win, 3-1, to take a 1-0 series lead against the Capitals.
CALLBACK: Alex (starring) in the feature film WALLABOUT
Boulder policeman facing attempted murder charge - Colorado Springs Gazette
That's how my bro get free tickets to the panthers game hahaha my bro and I were laughing bout it on my way home from the airport lolol
And now I gotta wait for my drug and alcohol test...
Lame Nigga b quite ...u in a real Nigga presence
No Shame is tonight! 3914 N Clark at Luna Central. Show starts at 10:30pm and drinks are cheap!! We dare you.
Now I may have wisdom and knowledge on earth But if I speak wrong then what is it worth?
A disgrace to Simon-s everywhere RT #Orioles starting pitching numbers to enjoy & a former Oriole proves it's not the uniform.
Follow me please! I'm great simpsonizer! 143 so much! Never change, your voice is amazing :3 . Follow me :3 follow me3
Happy Mother's Day, Mommy! How does she want to celebrate? "I just want to not cook and then watch Game of Thrones." O Annabelle...
You started again huh? More followers xD
Byron Alvarez gives the Comets the lead again on the PK, 8-7
Thanks for the follow, Martin!
is the general lee parked out front of Augusta??
My heart literally just shattered..
my fav psalm I use it a lot when I visit patients @ th hospital :)
So lives on tedder?:B
On at 5, a look at the state of downtown hotels. Is there still room for more? Would more hotels help Indy get another #SuperBowl ?
#asha11 WOW - great turn out at ASHA - and its great to finally meet so many of our customers in person!!! Team IEPPal - Booth 1514
The trip started with applying sunscreen in the 4am darkness, now he is dancing and singing along to a Justin Bieber song. T ...
It just might be a bit warm today so come on in and cool down with some SCOOTERS frozen custard.We have lots of ICED drinks and SMOOTHIES!!
You'll be pleased (you WILL be pleased!) to note that I modified my diagram per your excellent pt about public humanities folks.
Guy is actually singing #PurpleSwag on Purple Line Express
Headed to NYC for the next few days - looking for suggestions for good exhibits to see?
Thanks for the RT Natalie!
Lying in bed, windows wide open, listening to She Ain't You; Life's good.
Outta control
Did you get something yummy? I was there today as well - had a Cebee from
yo kid I can't get enough of that polar bear track shit is off I got that shit on repeat
and when district 11 through the riot I was like "GET EMMM"
ha love it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
It wasn't clear whether he knew about y and his need to torment k.
Hi, Ron from Southern Oregon. Ready to roll.
good what about youu?
Work out then hopefully seeing !
please follow, i'd love u forever if u did!
Happy New Years Eve to you too! Good Night!
The home opener is the day before she's due, but 4 of last 5 at home insures I can go to the Ralph and not get divorced!
also it crashes way too much for how big the app is these days
WOW! That spa looks nice!
Coming up with a new post. Which do you like better, apps or sites? Discuss.
Thanks for having me today! Great event by !
Boring I have to go to school:( Can you please follow me?
My music will be debuting on KARP Radio 106.9 FM in Hutchinson, MN tonight! :) From Plymouth, to St. Cloud, to Granite Falls, listen...
My timeline is filled with everyone's hate for school. Glad I don't have to worry about that anymore. :)
no I see you in like 10 minutes!
good for you, if it goes bad, when fm and satellite dies or you wish to syndicate. let me know I might have an outlet for you
I CANT STAND YOU!
Happy Birthday to Steven Seagal and Mandy Moore
RT : What's your favorite warming winter comfort food? RT with your answer!
when i dont got no numbers
Attention Louisville, KY: Johnny’s will be opening at North Commons this Friday! Come by and give us a try!
looking forward to chatting about your class travel safely!
Oxnard Wedding Receptions, Business Meetings Take on New Look at Residence Inn
we are internet im in fla and is in memphis 7602835110 now
happy 4th of July! get 15% OFF YOUR ENTIRE purchase at our boutique (today + tomorrow) when you mention that you saw this on twitter!
i'm going to the
get ur head out of ur ass!!!!!!
Halen is absolutely one of my FAVORITE bands ever! Love those guys! I'm so grateful that they put out a new album with Dave.
Has it really been that long since Kagan joined the court? Where has time gone?
Ha! Next time I'll totally mug you
So damn tired...it shld b illegal
somebody stop me again. On my level
forgive me I think some twitter accounts have been compromised. I am not sending you any messages personally.
wow cool. Saw him once & just couldn't believe how many hits that guy has written. Eye opening when you hear them all together
Addiction is a horrible habit... I see it all the time! I talked to one of my little brothers yesterday... the most loving person out there!
There's a hole in my heart where you used to be
what is your favorites gnr songs
DELETED HER TWITTER !!!:(
Good win cats! Bring the ship back to ky!
Then I'll send positive energy your way for that! And if these tweets help...even better!
Though luxury SUV sales may be off, the Navigator still has much to offer those who need room for eight
If a woman stops showing respect to a man, he stops loving her. If a man stops loving a woman, she stops respecting him.
Thursday! Don't forget it is movie night at Salute and the patio is open! Movies outside!
We had two great events yesterday! Thanks to our clients who keep us "on our toes" with fun and exciting events! Total Greatness!
did you get a juicer? How 'bout OJ?
Being tired doesn't even describe......
Patience with others is Love, Patience with self is Hope, Patience with God is Faith. Adel Bestavros
listening to you while running. Have to stop and tweet u. As a big UK fan I detest Mich. St. BUT..
The shit i go through to get my grades up.
will be hanging out at the Ultra Lounge in #LoganSquare #Chicago tonight. We play there Monday night around 9:30pm :-)
I can't wait to see the venue tomorrow though!
Thanks to everyone who came out to last night at and helped make it such an amazing night!
I'm way excited! RT : Who's excited about the Entrepreneur's Conference in Chicago? We are! Hope to...
": Girls trip me out. Like bitch have a seat"
u wanna see a chick flick? And i saw hunger games
Tribal Energy Cardio is taught at a San Diego based dance studio, but you can also purchase a fabulous DVD on www.tribalenergycardio.com
Question. Which tweet deck u have ?
Kristina kosogorova idk who she is I just saw her in the pageant an thought she looked just like you ha
My bride and I R Headed to Vegas tomorrow to celebrate our 1yr Anniversary! Such a blessing.Gonna miss Rod jr. My 1st plane flight..ohh boy!
Love it! Is she on itunes? I need to update my ipod :)
yeahh , you probably could've ! being in the uniform made it worse for me .
just finished cleaning phewww i'm beat XD
114th anniversary: April 24, 1898: Spain declared war on the United States after rejecting to withdraw from Cuba. –And got our asses kicked.
well I still have some time, right now schooling will finish in june or july with no breaks.
#shedidntcall because you didn't put minutes on her phone.
Happy New Year 2 all of our supporters!! Along w/ thks 4 da love
Slideshare app through LinkedIn and clients interested can see it ahead of time
I seriously need to send that neighbor something nice.
Looks like a real Halloween-style trick-or-treat witch is now following me. Thanks :0
next year is going to be pregnant as a freshman with Aids living of food stamps in a motel
Was just on a rush hour 6 train subway with a homeless man smoking crack!!!! Really?!?! #wtf #mta #
Second AD, Matt, holding his sneezes during takes. Priceless.
A brand symbol is “anything that leaves a mental picture of the brand’s identity." Leo Burnett
im tryna fucks with loyal amd real people..but we need to do dat
RT Handjobs are over rated, why even go there, obvi the guy has his own slick moves for that
Get ready Chicago! The Victor Hotel is currently putting together some sick electronic music events - stay posted for more info!
Now that the scheme is starting to unravel, will the euro drop back to its proper level in time for me to go to Italy this year? Stay tuned!
Palm Sunday
Put together a project Photo Album featuring my husband's awesome photos on Snapfish - entered it into Pioneer Woman's contest!
Thank you!
Washington Redskins 20 Carolina Panthers 33 Final #redskins #panthers #nfl (Via )
Good Morning World!! Question: What do you want to see out of social media? How can social media better cater to your needs?
you're writing for people? :D omg ok un momento x
Thank you two times?!
You're welcome!
Somebody has the grill going already. Yard smoke.
Got myself a new iphone
I love you sessy
Better than any answer I could have anticipated. Brilliant!
Sure. Also factor in staff costs, stage prep and other costs. I was just doing math. Not calling that number a profit at all
Reading submissions and other lit mags and just subscribed to Productivity!
You ain't the only real nigga . -Drake. <3
kilt it
Maybe it's a glitch.
kind of feel like a christmas tree now that I have tinsel in my hair..
RT : I hope wins that emmy. She makes #sytycd so much fun
Most of poker is about tilt control. For the [sic]est of [sic]o's this is next to impossible
James Harden is your #NBA Sixth Man of the Year.
For the next week I'm going to try to express myself with just "K" and "YA" it seems to work for men....
Hootsuite is pretty damn slick.
HOLIDAY HEALING (Jer 17:14) Heal me, O LORD and I will be healed; save me and I will be saved. You are my praise amen. #Sir Court
NP you remind me of a girl
if Derek dies, I swear I'll write the editors and bitch out the fucker who wrote the episode.
Don't u worry... I'm bout to post the shit outta some old pictures.
Me: "Im over him. Im over him. Im over…" *see him out of the corner of my eye and hear his voice, talking to someone else* "-Nevermind -__-"
Congrats to the Atlanta Hawks and Memphis Grizzlies on clinching home-court advantage in the 1st Rd of the NBA Playoffs!
good idea.
Hi Carmen, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
As long as it takes!! RT Wondering how much longer can I hold on....
Writing about pelvic floor prolapse and doing my kegals
Omg me and are so fucking cute<333
that's cool are you looking forward to it or not really ?
The Senate Health Committee will hold a hearing on the bill to life the Family Care cap this morning at 11 a.m. in 201 SE.
bout time! lol
Love you Doris….
Kubel or Chipper Jones for UTIL spot?
Legendary song-and-dance man Ben Vereen will be conducting a master class with musical theater students today at 2:30pm wow
Stupid sleep UNpatterns!
ouu i mean i technically could but we can all go out in buffalo friday.. Im comin home friday
Hey, Twitter was down for a while there. That happen a lot? They get hacked? Anything to worry about?
This renovation cost $8 million and doubled the number of rooms and conference space.
2012: the year I bump up the number of wedding photos I've been cropped out of from "some" to "all"
My husband is bowling tonight. He bowls in the Tuesday Night league at Astro Super Bowl (last year, their prize fund was 110k+). Good luck!
hahaha dude I was ballin' with laughter! first you flip me off then draw a busted monkey! lol (that game is too much fun)
im havin one of those days - _-
OMFG Y U GOTTA BE SO CUTE. AUGH I HATE YOU.
Congratulations to Julia Kern who just booked her very first commercial! Nice job, JK and I am not jk! :)
He's ten minutes away from my house and I'm just starting my hair lol
A cute girl calls me Riddler...I can live with that :)
Dear People, you should at least know me pretty well before you go sayin stuff about me
Having a Birthday party going to be parting
happy birthday to me -Justin \m/
I'm well you?
twitter is like the shuffle-play of human discourse. Think it's weird to follow Hüsker Dü with ABBA? Try Trent Dilfer after Kurt Vonnegut.
Always music stimulates the mind
omg RR / omg Supplication
Ok please follow me! I follow everyone back (:
Its a good thing it actually starts in 3 days then lol
Well, going to bed on that note
up to my eye balls in boxes, dust and so many useless yet indispensable treasures
Oprah ck out our music for your radio and tv home of the blues Memphis.
So glad I got too see my beautiful gf today<3 :)
t's September 30th! One day before "sober 'tober"! Come make it count at @ Sirèn on the Hotel Palomar rooftop! Message me for guest list!
what subject?
W.O.W. haha
Hey beautiful, love you! follow back it's me ! Little Indian :-p lol
Not much my dude, living in Atlanta and riding on a pipedream. You?
I think our government is secretly behind all these conspiracy theories.
i will
My dream is to be a professional Gardner, its simple an reachable :)
Apparently I've been parking over the line for the past 12 months and he has been taking photos of it for the past year.
been hearing a faint sound of music for a couple hours now. just realised its my ipod in my bag....woops :L
RT : They're not funny. It makes me look like an idiot. // Whatever, you make ME look like the idiot.
Oh... Forgot about this discount... Have y'all heard of Knawty Hawgs BBQ? They're in the Dollar Tree parking lot on W. Tennessee St
Can't put the book down, need to go to sleep.
not true!
Never have I wanted something so bad......Esti viata mea
I hate when kangaroos say they're going to hop in the shower and expect you to laugh like you've never heard it before
Occidental Punta Cana -- 4 nights from $335, includes all-inclusive: all meals, snacks, beverage, activities and airport transfers.
The only good thing ever to come out of religion was the music
" People with blue eyes are better able to see in the dark." That's extremely false I'm blind in the dark.
Starting pre-production on our promo / short film. Lot's of very cool ideas. So grateful to be doing what we're doing!
“: I have never been more sure than when I'm with you...”
Really good question. One of what appear to be several offseason mistakes
Rodney & Kris? Oh yeah, I'm on THAT. RT 'My Father's Advice' with Rodney on vocals superbly supported by Kris Kristofferson!
forreal i seen all kinds of stuff and was like wahhhh lol , we had the best times !
#Punchline And then there were no more Latkes!!!! ....LATKES!
Oh? That's good to know! Maybe I hvnt had nailpolish on 4 a while but do you feel the weight? Because I do feel it.
I'm in. Let's look at week of Aug 23!
omfg yes <3 what day u getting there?
Calling all Food Trucks! BigEvent Sat. Needya!
Today in 2004: Facebook, a mainstream online social network is founded by Mark Zuckerberg. (via ) happy birthday #facebook!!
My hero.
hell yea lol
Cake and ice cream sounds good right now :)
#donnasummer. Carry on! RIP and we miss you happy home going!
Studying AP Human Geography at
I love Black people...my people!
Psh. You have a high metabolism. And I don't like seeing my mates sad. :c
I need one.
we all love you
was just unfollowed by a guy with 10,349 tweets & 38 followers...I'm thinking that's the same guy at the park that talks to all the pigeons
Russian-style pancakes with honey and beer – Happy Friday! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
I couldn't agree more
Thanks Christine :)
haha ikr me too! And I always go crazy when I see them on that episode! Hahahaa
Yay! Your conversation starter time got moved?
Nice work. I completely forgot to buy tickets to the MKE show this past Sat. Oh well. Are you going to the Avetts? I think I am.
Thanks for listing me!
All this talk about the Nets let's see how many titles they win in the five years! You can change your logo & colors but you still suck.
Lost 6 pounds this week! God is good!
Wow! What a night of Industry Boxing at I didn't fight, but I sure feel like I did.
Jesus You're Saviour of my soul:)
what r u up too ?
I'm ready to complain about the humidity right now.
Comparative American Studies releases volume 9 issue 2. For a sneak preview visit: www.ingentaconnect.com/content/maney/cas
It's not that I hate you, it's like, uh, let's put it this way: if you were on fire and I had water, I would probably drink the water.
"Arion, u know you've been making my day a lot lately, & I think I've told u I love u like everyday." lmfao where's the love?
I'm not going to get rid of my twitter account I have changed my mind
do you know the guy Bobby andonov he lives in australia and he is very popular singer? :D
Laura, thank you for the follow, we love the referrals too!
They just hate me cuz they ain't me
Getting drunk and watching Family Guy is probably all that's gonna happen. :)
Chicago! #Trip 1
Hard to believe he's a
I see
I love my mommy, but i love bailey more, he does not treat me like a little boy anymore, she acts like i'm still 2
Master Chief for VP
Debatable. ;) RT A full functional woman in her 40's should not be wearing a bright, lime green bow on top of her head.
So it just took me 20 minutes to get from one train stop to the next. It's going to be a long day...
We decided to finish out the week, even though it was technically October. What was your favorite item?
No more Grammys. Back to
that's the same thing I said makes life so much easier
Its a chan marshal type of morning <3
Like! RT : A1. cont Don’t be Negative; Practice Positive PR2.0, ..ALL digital footprints have impact, biz or personal
Happy Valentine's Day! What will you be eating tonight?
There are no celebrations going on in New Tampa. The streets are quiet. Traffic flowing. Did hear dog barking. Just FYI.
big WOW year up ahead for RT & HS JV too! Either of our successes give us more juice in this crazy industry!!! Raise a glass
LHS scores. 28-0. Not 3 as previously reported. People are leaving in droves.
me too.
crawfish + beer + sun = naptime in the near future
way to seal the deal in the fourth!!
Know of a great spot or neighborhood that needs #Zipcars? Tweet us to let us know!
Phillip actually did good on that song!
Jessica Simpson..when are you going to pop out this child and are you sure there is just one in there?! You are GINORMOUS!
Don't think too much, just follow your heart!
we love you more than the salmon loves the creek. How does a band go about getting an endorsement from your great soft drink?
Of course, the Coast Gaurd is on Coast Gaurd Road...
It's a good saturday so far. Fishing, good food, and looked at some property of course. There's always a deal.
she's not like that she's great but i haven't shouted out to her lately either so guilty as charged
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> stop playin wit me like dat
Girls with Natural Beauty...
I appreciate the RT
Thanks for sending the link along! Will definitely check out my options
that's great you checked out the school. I know it won't be easy but nothing worth having comes easy. You will do great.
got stuck at pentagon all day - playing catch up on emails / phone / voice mails
that's where we were when we met Kobe! A Perkins in MPLS. Huh.
things would not be right if wasn't tweeting about tornados and bad weather.
At Cutters. Be there around 5!
I can't find my fucking left rear view mirror RT : I can't find my fucking wallet
That's what I'm talkin' about. You go girl! :D #Nirvana & #DaveGrohl does kick ass.
usually it's my ass that I wake up to hurting cause I slept on Eric wrong.
Good morning. #Irene is gone. The sun is shining. Back to work.
...I didn't mention it yesterday....
Think about this: Capitalism could well have failed (people love to point out that communism did) if it wasn't built on the back of slaves.
let me reveal to you the truth about abstract art....It's cuz we can't assimilate, we settle with making it pretty but incomprehensible
#20thingsaboutme I love God with all my heart.
Ha, I was wondering how I started following her. You've just solved it, Rainn. Thank you for my piece of mind!!
sorry i missed you this morning!
awh i hope u feel beter. did u go to school?
We were just a one-room bookstore; we didn't have any money for lawyers.
I have no idea what that is, but I am a willing (if not worthy) opponent. ;)
Let him keep his old chicken until it rots. Do not pay more. That is the only way we are going to beat these chiselers. [1944-03-12]
Check out: Rebeca Tomas (flamenco) @ Theater 80 or free show at Judson Church both tonight @ 8 pm in Manhattan
walk over to 28 and give him a hug and some stick'em....
I might unfollow her i think she retorical or some .
I miss the not anorexic, Harry Patch, Harry Ballsonya, Laquita Juanita Jackson, prank calling, BFF, trash talking motherfucka
I'm so excited my phone is turned back on ya can text call me blow this bitch up Kay thanks xoxo.
At program on eBooks. This program is not eBook-free.
Hello neighbor! Who are you cheering for? Wait, who are we cheering for? This is confusing...
Ernie is a legend in the baseball world, not just around here. He will be missed. Greats like that only come around so few times.
Good Night Followers (:
yhu a fool hey raven its shaunya
Shout to
It's pretty good, have you seen Soilent Green?
i sowwy jess!!!!
Unbelievable day and awesome night. Saw some stuff tonight I will never forget. Still got one more to go though.
We wish we knew about this event! Us #entrepreneur 's over here would of loved to come!
OMG YES!!! Apparently the weather there is amazing right now! And of course it's amazing over the summer! :D
Wind: ruining hairdos and making girls cranky since the dawn of mankind...
Hey Carla, thanks for voting for my friend :)
can't right now, but I promise to follow back tmrw (;
yes, and good luck with that too :)
Register for the event on the Schwartz website here
It does tickle me that 'budget brides' can afford a wedding planner but cant seem to afford my cake!
WOW huge foul at the end of the game! DePaul comes up with a Big Win tonight against Ptt!!
Over/under for job number being a positive for Obama approval rt now seems to be 200k. No idea if that is good proxy for actual improvement.
stabilize your emotions \(.__.)z
come eat a bunch at lonestar and leave a giant tip ;) haha.
she's great.
Jered Weaver's dad watching his son throw a no-hitter while drinking a beer in the stands.
I can't stop. I wish that was a movie. Why can't we meet this man. Funny or die just became my favoritewebsite
Love the national respect that Hamilton is getting. Evan longoria and Justin verlander paying compliments.
Any chance that has access to the files? Would be good for me to be able to show up with a CD in hand.
« the mind is meant to change... to expand, to open ...don't cheat ur self by closing it off . keep listening, keep learning .»
Ready to Start over? Have you consider Divorce? $69 Divorce. Call us NOW (727) 474 9988
A lot of the politicians I've interviewed this week still refer to U-T San Diego as "The Union."
Wow, what a coincidence...that song came on the radio... #killme <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Happy Birthday to our Owner/Founder We hope you have a fabulous day!!!!
Lifes a bitch and you can't escape her.
I now have a program called Virtual DJ on my laptop and im listening to john mayer chopped and screwed, ITS HILARIOUS!
I was brought into this world to do greats things, make a difference. And that's exactly what I'm going to do!
It's amazing how much pull the nation's young and ignorant have on Twitter. Wish I could turn off trending topics started by teenagers.
I'm single but one I will find someone out there for mee lol
Of corse birthday cake comes right on when i get to school.
in April!!
Note to self: "Never get eyebrows waxed cause it looks like it hurts like a bitch!!"
Legitimately working on my connection with self
Ooh, I want one, too. I have suggested in the past we have public ones in the library, so ppl could walk/work for brief periods. ;)
Thanks for the RT!
John McGraw and Connie Mack
What's the scariest data type? BOOlean
Some kind of bug bit my leg. But don't worry, I killed it.
LETS TAKE A TRIP OUTTA TOWN!!
This is starting out good
The fault is #Marlins. They hired a #Venezuelan not understanding how many Venezuelans feel about #Cuba historically.
Reluctantly turned down an offer to see one of my favorite comedians so I could write and go to bed early. Responsible? Boring? Both?
well yea, ive seen the movie a bunch of times just never paid attention to the singing
I think I might just be the fastest cut-and-paster in the West.
People believe that a business that does one thing is better at it than a business that does that thing & something else...
maybe he could make it in the lingerie football league with that arm. Maybe.
that's one song I've never played, sweet Alabama either for that matter.
Well, I'm glad the Orlando metro area can get their soaps back on ABC, NBC, FOX and CBS now that they won't be livestreaming the trial.
Following the End Subminimum Wage# discussion with interest. Viewed Senate Committee mtg 9/15. Sheltered workshops make things for Wal-Mart.
I can't live my life on their time, I just had to run away
I wish I lived in your neighborhood...i look for reasons to dial 911
So very well said. Only in Austin...
Went running today for the first time in almost a year. All systems nominal and operating within tolerances.
Oh gosh I got my mom al into emojis.
Did u hear McDonald killed Burger King in front of Popeye's over that b*tch Wendy? The funeral is at K.F.C. U going? Im taking the Subway.
They could have at least congratulated and !!!! Job well done you two !!!!
you go girl with your bad bracket self :)
This cab smells strongly of urine.
its not working Zam! I'll never learn!
I think the z-score would fall into the 68% definition of the empirical rule. this is 5
I'm ready to be done...... I'm approaching the end of my patience.
Steve Harvey hosting Family Feud!..lol!...did have the sharpest hairline now i guess its his mustache..lol! why is it always black vs. white
can't go to sleep without saying happy birthday to the GRAND man . Happy Birthday Vinny<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089> love you(:
It's my birthday weekend & friends have already blessed me w love.
THIS! RT those fucking idiots that meet eachother on twitter. talk for like 2 day's and then get in a relationship all "inlove"
Thanks Ben! We are very pleased!
Have to wonder about moral compass of students blaming #UMD for #Stoglin departure. Following well-known rules is not much to ask.
just claimed a for ! a $50 1 hr pain relief massage is just what I need after working in the kitchen all day!
MANATEE! AHH! They are easily my third favorite animal - I'm very jealous!
Great, happy to help with this!
thanks for the follow. Appreciate it. =)
so you get email when you want it, as opposed to a flood?
Congrats to all the west side story cast ! You did great
#20ThingsIlove being pet
lol, got finals to worry about first bruh. Then its grind time.
Always happy to help a good cause...thank you for being a great part of the New Orleans community!
Wow left with the bowling shoes on lol
Most girls say they want a "good guy", but when they meet him they keep him in the friend zone, chase after jerks, and end up heartbroken.”
I am so good at breaking iPhone chargers tho.
#tie2011, great discussion concerning young vs old and how they feel about online PD.
I sing off key, horribly, and I don't know all the lyrics to every song in my library... But I enjoy my music loud -- you're welcome.
#ImSickOf waking up in the morning <<<< <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
SJ Jazz themes for Latin were working on...Women in Latin Jazz, E.coast/W.coast sound, Cuba,Latin America...shoestring budget...what's new?
Seaworld with the family!
but i am a girl
Wishing everyone a Happy Mother's Day weekend! We hope you enjoy the warm, sunny weather that has finally arrived (again)!
Ikr? But next time i'll have a dryer. and spray
There r so many misguided ppl out here I find myself bn erbody's uncle even older muphukaz
with getting ? Lol he won't ever notice these ;p
On that note going to bed!
Fill in the blank: In order to stay healthy and fit I begin my morning routine with _________.
Here for the #dfwsem meeting; is speaking tonight |thank you and
Really enjoyed the Dancing With The Stars taping today #DWTS ~ P.S. Glad I saw Carlos Santana perform live too...made my day :-)
cross my heart hope to die lol hahahahh
Autocorrect just changed saliva to salvia! IT'S LIKE IT KNOWS ME.
Finally, the Facebook Music Pages are on the Timeline.
thanks for the twitter luv! followed back! :)
on a scale of 1 to 63 how excited are you?
hahahaha. I was wondering how long it would take before I got a response like that ;)
That aint none but the Devil!!!
LOVE the wed flavor-malted marshmellow chocolate
Im So Sore D;
Great day on set of CSI:Miami
had a great meeting today with entrepreneurs looking to put a urban farm/aquaponic operation in the 47th ward!
Once I finish my roguelike, I think that'll be my next adventure!
Thank you for following us! Happy Holidays!
Seeing the light at the end of the tunnel. Weird to think that a year and a half of wedding planning will soon be over.
lol, boy you a fool!!! what up boy!
We are open! #miami #hotel Stay 10 nights, get one free!!
We offer confidential psychotherapy ... visit our website for more information.
I dont care the outcome. Drop - 15 (Original)...if u got it.
It is hard to find "the answer" at this time of the year, I'm sure you and fans are happy if he turns out to be an upgrade
Sounds like your food baby came out breach.
Working on a lyric video for our new song Hopespring Drive, it's super intense! Who's ready to hear the new song?
AMAZING!! Can't wait for more soon!!!:)
Stop the Ban on last night! A great piece, thanks fox 5! Great work! Anyone see us on KUSI or CW6?
Haitian Embassy was not jam packed with people. On arrival a volunteer fr Greater Wash Haitian Relief Committee was on TV interview.
How was the dinner
Sorry i got a lot of nigga homies, b.tches just don't fwt ( fuck with them) # DRAMA FREE ZONE
Getting signed is only the beginning of the struggle. The real battle is getting priority at the label. Oh how I dread music politics.
Watching the social network. So happy justin timberlake saved the facebook by calling it facebook. He should help the north face out.
HINT TIME?! Ok you really want to put your glasses on for this hunt!
If U tYPe LyK dIs or anything even close, un follow me now
hit me up whichever you go to!
I fuckin said it. I burned a bridge. I dont regret it
has faith that God knows what's best,even when i can't understand the reasoning behind it
hey! We are about to upload some demo tracks. We are in the middle of recording new tracks. No where can we hear your music?
Neither can we!! Hope to see you there!
I'll buy U a drank 4 my tardiness. Do the speed limit, stop at all the lights b4 U know it <U+2728>I'll B there <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Honesty is the best policy, but insanity is a better defense.
's Adda Birnir: 'Entire tech instury is dying for talent & biggest pool of untapped talent is women'. On next Broad Experience.
Nigerian driver drops another reco for Bolat in Wrigleyville. Good pick!
That's good lol
Hey #AnnArbor you have your dancing shoes ready for next Fri at ? Don't forget your gently worn shoes for too!
If I get angry enough to start yelling in a foreign language, that's your cue to STOP TALKING. Especially if it's Yiddish. MOVE ALONG NOW.
we can't wait either! See ya Sept. 15!
In Miami for a series of meetings. Somehow rain and Miami don't mix.
#PMALove out to out with knee! We know u can come back -- ur so tough! Heal FAST, Ace !!! Keep that positive attitude! :)
Sure. Really good place, especially for Riverdale, which was destitute of fun restaurants.
hey brig how u been??
!!!!Go Follow ASAP
you should send him the photo:
OMG THANK YOU
Six jobs in the next four days. Yes, do the math.
I have realized that if people want to run their mouths there's nothing you can do about it, but let them talk.
I don't have to buy my own domestics goods anymore!!
starting watching #Grimm I dunno what I think yet
You know it's bad when I have to buy myself treats to reward myself for getting through the work day.
I am surprised the GOP didn't also demand that Row v. Wade be overturned and Iran immediately invaded during the negotiations.
I wanna have shot night after my last final
MT : Whitney Houston's death ruled as accidental drowning. Heart disease, cocaine use listed as factors.
Vanilla has a branding problem. Far different status as a scent vs as a flavor.
love you lots and lots!
Your smile.<3
#OOMFNeedsTo be with me rite now
I miss #Exscape and #Swv so bad!
#ncaafinals tried to watch the game, but I decided someone needed to score so I fucked my neighbors wife.
Meta tags on Content Marketing GREAT! Will be sharing with my show's listeners. Thanks!
The whole PolitiFact WI has been a joke! The JS has always ignored the real stories. Unless there's a chance for a Pulitzer.
Up way too early
I fucking hate wind. Leave me and my hair alone.
A proclamation of Women's History Month, 2007, by President George W. Bush. Perhaps it should be renamed to National Women's Rights Month!
Hello friends hope every one is having a great morning
Heading to the airport for New Orleans and the Final 4. Excited to catch up with a lot of people!
not pretty in the early rounds but my finalists are still alive
Let's connect...
I have eaten more meat since leaving the East Coast than I have in the last year. Even a (small) steak! Crazy!
I agree lol
most retarded conversation ever
is a very hot handsome man got time this Summer to watch his other work besides #castle can't wait :) very lucky:)
Man if this dude don't get outta here so I can drop this deuce <U+E05A><U+E40E>
We'll be there til 10 (and who knows...maybe we'll head out afterwards haha)
Well, lets go Monday!! Writing, then a starting my day off with some Nike Training Club.. anyone done this? its awesome
Awww my last day at the library and the Weather lady called me! Today's headline: Moisturizer.
“: whoever runs <<< #nsaproblems ”
hey guys, thank you for a great game. The new tattoo is for you and the whole team. :)
oh alright sweet. are they already on sale? should we be hopping to it? :p
": Hey, today is 4 20. Does that still mean anything?" National Weed smokin day.....lol!
Turkey Cranberry = best sandwich in the world.
Honey+lemon
If U voted 4 in 2008 to prove that U weren't a racist, vote for someone else in 2012 to prove you're not stupid!
I guess that happens when both people in the relationship are bipolar and both have anger issues.
I miss my boyfriend.
CES 2013 -- perfect for tech journo, close to both cities. There's your key. Now what excuse do I have to visit France?
#ICantStandPeople who don't take anything seriously.
A bad day for EBSCO all around. heh Hope the database training was salvageable!
you at branch?
ok I wanna a #13 orange juice thank-you
everyone. that tweet was a joke.
AYE we havin the ode party
SO TRUE. every time the used comes to Seattle I end up getting super schwasted/ too excited on life. haha
scottsdale hair salon Internet Marketing & SEO: scottsdale hair salon. The wavelength of the program (quite small) is this kind of t...
'Dolphins died of drug overdose after rave at theme park, according to report' -the news we don't stand a chance thursday!!
PE was the death of me today.. i’m not in football, i shouldn’t be flipping tires
Just finished my thank you notes to Congressional offices for #NLLD & putting together a press release about attending with
College students interested in a career in radio should be at "In The Mix" on May 17th 2012!
Melo please have a better half :)
Jesus loves you! It's everybody else that thinks you're a c*&t
is a #MoCo thing and a #DC thing - the county and city want to stop plastic bag pollution, bring your own bag and never had to pay
Really? In wich city? :] I'm go to Brazil in February.
He must be quite a squeeze if you put up with that sort of sentence structure! I'm honored to follow you too.
Congratulations on your grand opening!
that has to be why they just got their first win
That. Hurt. So. Bad.
I've just been promoted to Level 8 in #MobsterWorld. Beat me in the game!
Falk supporters still upbeat, if bittersweet. Hearing positive response to supporting Barrett, working toward "common goal."
Any Scottsman riding a jet ski in the Atlantic ocean is a friend of mine.
We recently expanded & moved our headquarters to Chicago but we attend many events in Naperville, Plainfield & Joliet.
who knows... he signed an extension this year, so he's contracted for 3 more years. they'll compete to be the starter?
that song is so sad
No just multitasking. I have a draft. Let me polish up and get it to you later tonight.
What's up with utility people and small shirts. Nobody wants to see your hairy back, or your hairy crack.
Testosterone Pit - Home - Havoc and Opportunity in Natural Gas
i turn 18 tomorrow.....I will finally be legal and not called a "baby" by my college classmates. YES
I'm going to miss you to baby:/<3
Thankfully, we are just around the corner from , so no difficult decisions there!
School just started:/ I want it to be summer again already!
Welcome to Twitter!!
Milk does a Panther good
certainly. that's the beauty of blogs, good ones create discourse asynchronously and allow topical discussion
What's good cuzz?!
Me and Ally dying each others hair this weekend. This will be FUN!
OCR (on-campus recruiting): Legal Assistant for Sullivan & Cromwell. Deadline to apply: Wed. 2/1
Haha. It's not easy to get replacements for those industrial-strength Velcro strips.
i'm so tired
An audience of 1 is enough for me, particularly if it is you. The fic will have the inevitable trading of sidekicks
When you know that you're on the right road, you recognize the wrong turns easier and prevent yourself from even
you got a dog! yay!
what were we talking about?
Mah man. Havn't seen you in a minute. Our lil asian friend missed his lakers play in game 7 lmao. Had something else goin on.
That's interesting. Wasn't aware.
May I use the word sarcastifying if I credit you? :)
We've got speaking first @ #techinmotionphilly!
we've sent your tweet to our support team they'll get back to you ASAP. Sorry for the inconvenience.
people just really know how to piss me off.
Do not resent growing old. Many are denied the privilege
me too see ya <3
-- why are we worried about Duke? Who cares who they will play? This is about us and a rivalry game.
Be proud RT : Your mom never fails to get a RT!
There are places that I've visited (and spent money in) because of #Giro coverage, a beautiful aerial shot or two.
One week from tomorrow will be my last day of high school ever
ah! can't wait for ashley, michael, chance and whoever else to get here! awesome times ahead.
We love being featured. Let's do it!
Chesterfield's Denny Hamlin #11 on the pole tomorrow! Bring home that Checkered Flag
Billy Crystal, Tom Hanks, and a silent film nominated for Best Film. 10 seconds of Biebs does not suffice to balance. 18-24 came and left.
Weird how its only November in 3 days, and Christmas is in almost 2 months. Lmfaoo.
Follow Wickless Evolution on Facebook as well! Leave a comment on our page and we'll mail you a fabulous smelling goodie in the mail!
They cannot take away our self respect if we do not give it to them.
I love my cousin.. she's awesome!
Natalie Portman won the Oscar!!!! She definitely deserved it!!!!!
First time twitting here
its unrealistic to think you wouldn't have these days, based off of how many games. Don't all cities face this?
How rude!
If your out of sugar, but you make kool-aid anyway
welcome to Ithaca!
RT : Houston is the older uptight sibling, Dallas the younger, Austin is the middle kid who drinks a lot & spends all day on FB.
...since no matter the topic, we're talking 15 years of work, so thousands of pages.
Great Minds think alike Colleen. Watching the series premiere on demand. Big fan of Stephen Lang.
lol I/eye!!
Somebody follow me! #STALKERS!
Good morning! Good luck to all the students taking the SAT today! Be confident & leave nothing blank!
im in the hOOd!!! haha
Walking by another BART shooting. Awesome.
12 nominations , WOW !! Well You get what you give ..& you got what you deserved ! Felicidades !
OH at work: I don't know if I'm ready to have a kid. I forgot to brush my teeth on Friday.
Family Christmas vacay to Cabo. This might look a lot like a National Lampoon movie...
Im feeling good this Morning.....
Well, I decided to give Twitter another try.
Nothing like sitting in "class" bored because it's piano lab. I feel like talking a walk through the halls.
Bay area folks: If you're going to the Beaune events at Chez get there early; supplies are limited for each evening.
Thanks for the follow man!
me either but the ship name is better than Nemi
RT : If I’d asked people what they wanted, they would have said a faster horse ~ Henry Ford #creativity #quote #rocktheretweet R…
Yes. For selfish reasons. RT : I need to be in the next show!!! Like seriously!
I don't need a boyfriend, but I like the idea of having one.
ife is too ironic. It takes sadness to know what happiness is, noise to appreciate silence & absence to value presence.
I guess the Bullies wanted to save the last dance for Pittsburgh on their home ice. SMH
Those aren't ladies...
you gonna have fun !
AHL announces suspensions from Sunday's Admirals-IceHogs melee. 10 games worth of suspensions handed out, 4 to Ads players.
On my way to NYC for the day to spend time with my Dad and his wife. Megabus ahoy! & bless for being open at 7am every day.
Some assume that their feelings are how everyone should feel, but #love is too wild to be limited by #age grouping.
The type of this investment… •...has no risk, because the value has never collapsed and never will collapse.
Going to the reds game tonight. Seats will be right against the wall in outfield. Hoping hits a homer right at me
Poinsettia Bowl today! GO FROGS!
Yeah!!! If not during the week, the weekend?? We'll schedule a date!!! I'll txt u 2nite. :)
I've only tweeted once today and this is my second tweet! :o wtf!
I didn't even know:O
DON'T PUT YOUR HANDS ON DAMIAN
you need to be hangout with me lol
Why do people never say "it's only a game" when they're winning?
You shouldnt rely on others to be happy but there are a lot of things that we SHOULDNT do that we still do today
Thanks for checking the QWiPS App out. We hope you love the iPhone App as much as we do!
We all know #AndersonCooper could get it. Ill put it on a sliver platter for him.
nothing like a social media panel to make me miss my iphone
aww thanks! so much everyone plzzz follow this awesome giirl! <<<<<<<<<<<<
Playing at BOSSA Bistro and Lounge (Adam's Morgan) tonight 9pm-1am with HETERU (Nigerian Afro-Beat group) Check this out!!
Lovin the Gold Buckle Seats
is thankful her computer in FINALLY WORKING!
WWE12 I got with with that Brock Boy!!!
¤ Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. Winston Churchill
has big things on the horizons! Be sure to follow them.
Thinking the bosox made a mistake picking bobby v, guy has not shut up since being named coach
Thank you - and for the retweet too! Hope you have a great weekend.
“: Man I want some zaxbys wings..”-- damn nigga
cool! & no your perrfffect the way you are!
& justins eyes r so beautiful I could look into them for hours there like a honey brown color there so georgeous :)
Hey, thanks for including our tweet in your daily! :) It feels great to share and get an echoe!
Yes! : I would love for more veterans to become #teachers. We need a diverse teacher workforce.
how about that Bucky?
Farmers Almanac is calling for a colder and snowier winter than average. Sorry to break the news, unless you are a winter enthusiast!
Lectured to day on Christianity in Uncle Tom's Cabin, "The King's Speech" and the UK's entry into WWII, and Shia/Sunni split.
Scientist joins local schools to excavate Craig mammoth remains
12 hours of sleep was not enough for me. I still want more.
<--make sure 2 follow ths NY based ag/food lawyers, esp if U R direct marketing farm products.
excited to post the street t-shirt photos sent in from in NYC! check in later at www.niceshirtamerica.com. Thanks beth!
Lil Kickers first event scheduled in the new building. Tomorrow 10:00am
how's everyone's day?(:
BUH BYE TWITTER. i hate you.
he really be blowin his nose and puttin it back in his pocket. like nothin happin
We're celebrating our new anthology at downtown TONIGHT at 7 p.m. Come on by for a listen and a cuppa' Earl Grey.
A gorilla's penis is a mere two inches long. Sucks to be Mrs. Gorilla!
Go Bravos!
They're predicting snow in NYC tomorrow night...the 1st snow is pretty & fun, but I'm not ready for what follows...
Where the pheens at?
Haven't been on Twitter in weeks! Noone seemed to care :-\
I want to get a hunting license, and legally shoot shit.
I will I cant wait for the day I get to meet you in person!<3
yes, it concerns me as well!
Food and drinks for tonight's meeting is brought to us courtesy Come out early and grab a slice and a drink!
Maddie shout out to because well WOW look at that pic
I hate when nightmares have me scared to go back to sleep!
Twinkies are my favorite!
go to donuts tonight!
Chapter Chair of introduced , Director - #ebiznow Philadelphia
Thanks so much for the follow, Emanuela! Check out my music if you have time. Hope you like it <3
No team in the league gets more easy buckets than the Thunder
If you're a VIP, you should follow
Thanks for following! We hope you'll visit our theatre again soon! We loved Frost/Nixon, too! But very glad YOU liked it!
#LOTR nacho commercial at the movie theatre.
i can give it an hour per weekday but it's not enough. i find the instructions difficult to follow - and I'm used to AACR2!!
they so thin :o
“: You're a movement by yourself, but you're a force when you're with #Libras. #WeMakeYouBetter”
So looking forward to getting back out to LA! See ya friday! :-)
Can't Find My Comb....This Is Bad , Reaall Badd . . . Micheal Jackson.
#dearmothernature I think you skipped a season. It's called winter and it's supposed to snow.. Just letting you know.
you are quite the Neo-Victorian gentleman/poet/difference engine programmer
School Bullying> a #Safety issue for #kids, teens, families & society
Im so used to waking up early , Good morning everyone!
I sense you in the Twitter-sphere and it takes my game to a higher place.
I just slept so hard - 11 hours or so.
Can't believe Tyler converted me to a Broncos fan.
apollo 18 no better then a 2 and a half pushing 3 out of 5
SOBER MOMENT: How did Aaron BarRAZA get 6 endorsements ALREADY? Sheriff's, Police, Border Patrol, Tejano, CLEAT
no! August is everything! August is classrooms and students and reading and writing and going crazy! August is grad school!
"I promise you this ..... you will be shocked at the impact of your Persistence" --'An Enemy Called Average
I don't think anyone loves this as much as I do. Having a big time campaigning in Graves County.
So is it true, Coach Trent Johnson to TCU? We shall know on Monday!
I can't see 3D films, but I might see Titanic on the big screen just because I remember how amazing it was in 1997. One of my fav. movies.
Lowes lumber yard guy to minivan mom: "Pull your rig around here." Now I feel like a bosslady.
but I'm tired of beer too.
So who do the heat play in the second round?
Laying in bed watchiñg #RHONJ from season 2. Its funny how things change.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! Can you please follow me?!?!?!?!?
Oh how did you know I needed to hear this song RIGHT NOW???
We are looking for a Project Lead for a client based in Washington, DC. The position provides the opportunity to apply oneself developing …
were fans just chanting "f*** you seagulls" at wrigley? Something like that was clearly audible on TV.
first name basis
Just found out that a coworker I barely know is in love with me from afar. Not sure what to do with that, for a lot of reasons.
Every tweet on my feed is either about #wirecall or
doubt anyone cares but I've cut Fallout 3, GTA: IV, & Batman: Arkham City from my wishlist due to
Give me your Han geez when is this gonna trend
#Cubs have two pitchers, one hitter left, #Brewers have one pitcher, empty bench.
GOOD SO FAR AND URS?
Human Business Works thanks
If you ask the attendants at the main gate, they'll point you in the right direction!
Just on twitter being bored as usual, aha.
I saw it a couple of weeks ago and was blown away. I'm really looking forward to seeing it again tonight.
Trippin on how absoloutly gorgeous my wedding invitations are. Whew. It's going to be a great party!
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Saturday 04/21/12 is Sally and Dan!
thank you!
ok smarty =P where are you? Bring your orange bow to the party with you. Ha!
What's my problem with salad? It tastes funny with barbeque sauce.
#iLoveMyMomBecause she's had to be both parents
“Life's most urgent question is: What are you doing for others?” - Martin Luther King, Jr.
I can go out & run now!
they're just unripe - chef Ricardo from made strawberry gazpacho w/pickled green strawberries - new to me!
We hope you decided to go with the White Elephant. ;) RT : Save the $5 or spend it on a White Elephant from ?
rofl.. while i would love to be Mel's friend, i seriously doubt that will happen.
also how helps social startups use gaming effectively and well.. and like play not work
Do you give the newest book free or older one? I love Twitter and want to translate it into sales. Must check out your book.
congratulations, Matt! We're happy to have you in the program & we're confident that you'll do great at and after.
For The First Time-The Script:)) everyone should really listen to them they write the best songs ever</3
's Alien Andre just offered me some of his (infamous) Texas Toast. probably will never happen again...
still love my nuggets!
First tweet from Ex Libris! Hello Twitter :)
ohmygosh Marina, you remember everything! I remember you would always wear these cute dresses :) awww chambers is special <U+E022>
Did we mention we'd love to see you there?!
It's great to have Marshall home...even if it's just one game!!
Looks like they're the muscles you use to bend the first two knuckles, and the straighten your fingers.
I wonder if Urban shows this game to recruits?
Christmas break!!!!
Liquid fence? Will that also keep out rabbits, woodchucks, and other herbivores?
John Goodman smokes a mean cigar.
I was not planning on spending money today I blame
They love me long time...lord knows how they would act if I pleased them *wink lol
Going shopping before work & after work getting my hair done <U+E420><U+E420>
Shhhhh. My cousin. He's special.
Anyone have a record of what went on at #edcamp detroit? Would have loved to attend, but had birthday dinner!
Note to Artist:If you're going to rap about sneakers please have something on your feet other than a general release
Check out Clouds Taste Metallic. The latest LP Embryonic is fantastic as well.
yes boobs are breast are fat so if you lose enough weight you can lose your boobs
I am so grateful for your support!
okay have a good sleep
oh ok, just makin' sure, cause i don't eat dead bodies, unless its Asians.., that's different.
Monday! You're so good for the soul! Motivated & inspired to give more, become more & make life happen the way I see it & want it to be.
115 mining companies operating illegally in forest areas in ...
Oh cool. Wasn't sure if there is a rivalry RT : I do not...we all get along RT : You hate the TV guys?
Hug? You're awesome!
I hate
Will still be missed in #Packers uniform in 2012 RT The Eagles and have reworked contract to remain with team.
Paul's Boutique is arguably one of top 5 rap albums of all time.
Headed out to one of our favorite places in Ohio - Somerset, Perry County.
Hope you get good news @ the doc!
Martin Mull once said "Show business is just like high school, except you get paid."
Snow is pretty...watching it through the window, when I'm warm and dry at my desk and not driving anywhere:)
So frustrating. It has been the longest two months (and a few days) ever. If only..
TODAY is MY BIRTHDAY !!! #Mahomies please help me to follow me !!! MAKE A WISH !! and have more followers !!
Thank you for the return of shake! Mon, Mar 12 - Timbers Opening Night - Buy One Shake, Get One Free.
oh my god the drag queen on glee "higher than any otthaa"
Do you see anyone else trying to make unfair trades...I don't see John trying to trade with me...
Rediscovering my Pink Floyd shirt = awesome. Now I have something to wear for Britain on July 4th that's more incognito than my Union Jack
I think i sent a request. Lol who the hell knows. *snort*
LOL..luckily you guys were dressed for it!
about to play some BF3
Uh oh denver takin this to game 7
There has to be some middle ground here, such as parental responsibility, than the extreme of zero tolerance.
Looks like the entire RCL contingent is in this emotion/pathos/affect sesh
I don't dispute that, but now it's being vilified by some of the biggest liars in the press. Now they are crying for integrity? Ha
SPONSOR = Sober Person Offering Newcomers Suggestions On Recovery
Expectin to have a fab weekend...Tonite ...Ledisi's concert ...what a voice...
pretty much giving up on the monsoon this year. Hope you are feeling better.
thanks kevin!
Thanks for stopping by, ! Which flavor did you get?
Did you fall in a whole barrel of the berah? Lol.
IS YOUR SKIN BREAKING OUT LIKE A TEENAGER'S ?THIS IS WHAT YOU CAN DO, treatment and cover ups read below. flawless makeup application starts
You know youre a true fan when at work when people look for his cds they just get me and of course I mention the mixtapes
that must be the new album cover for your new solo album 'Double Fantasy'
checkout the first and largest internet station
Aren't eyebrows already on your face?
what do u think of Charlie the unicorn
RT : TY, Mark RT I'm w & suits r & we're supporting students of
- im graduating :/
Our Insane Offer has Sold Out - but the Bonus Offer is ON for 50% Off! Check out our Insane Offers page for more details!
"The hammer is my penis" RT : Elise Jordan can be my speechwriter any day. I could use her on my staff.
Thank God for waking me up this morning.........Take nothing for granted... Life is a gift....
"It's about building a culture of high expectations." David Jernigan executive director of KIPP Atlanta
- well, I am 6'5"...but basketball was never my game. I could throw a football through a hoop but couldn't shoot a basketball!
I almost feel bad for people that run for public office for the power, prestige, or perk. Do it for the people or your plans won't prosper.
haha yes ma'am! and i know! but i no longer have a dland pass :( almost a year now :'(
that's a personal issue, man. Sorry. Hahahahaha
Plot development by the scene immediate; does that depend on viewpoint? Not really. Tension is more important
I just found out EVERYONE in my family hates me because of my piercings. Fuck everyone of you.
I was really surprised how cheap seats were in dallas and I still dont tnink they sold out
I bet it was AWESOME Tyler! :)
Who's ? In math: my solution In history: my king In chemistry: my reaction In art: my heart In me: my life <3
So many emotions running through me right now!
Final :30 filled with coast-to-coast passes and dunk after dunk! Good game - 6-point win for Gold!
Oh yes - that would be good too!
no more Harpo's. Online school in the fall. No more CSU lol
Who is going to the ACC Championship game this weekend? Go Noles!
me: i'm happy.. my heart: yeah right.
If people in this world teach me anything it's: if it's not going to happen now it's not going to happen. I'd hoped it was only in stories.
Tonight started out shitty but ended awesome. What goes around comes around.
totally, as long as they don't smell like genuine LA bum urine :/
My roommate's dad didn't know she was living with a dude. Hilarity ensues!
I need to like keep my brain off or I just cause more problems. (._. ) sigh
word to the wise: don't drink gatorade during a red light because the driver WILL slam on the gas
We are each unique. Let's honor ourselves and each other for what ever and everything that is.
thanks broski!!! :) rape=prison time now hahaha
Going straight from the Super Bowl to the airport to catch the first flight home seemed like a good idea a month ago. ugh.
making beats with and
America gut check: We're going to h**l in a
I can't tell you how cool that is to hear!
tiger woods<3
thanks for the follow! Didja get my voicemail? It was my bday on Friday! Fan for 20+ yrs--See ya at JazzFest!
Most things that make me drool (in a good way) are on
we have a party tonight at my house and iam the DJ iam going to play ur song justin love u <3 much love u r growing up so fast
definitely can relate.
Sure! You follow me and I follow you!
In SD 4 the day. Dad might get out Sun or Mon Thanks for asking RT : Hey I hope things are improving
Shipped the little tourney at Hustler last night. Was 3Betting like a maniac! What's the worst hand you've ever 3Bet with and won the pot?
Best weekend ever. Got my first true par on the golf course yesterday.... Small steps! Haha
Tip #189: After obtaining poker skills...mental and emotional strength is of much greater importance. #Train through #rigorous methods = WIN
saw 7 a.m. this morning for the first time in a long time and NOT due to staying up all night.
Ay can a poor rapper tryin to make it big get some free beats? ;D
Nobody at school understands my excitement. God damn. I feel like dancing. ;)
Love it!
I mean I like arcade fire but album of the year? Ehhhhh.
Wow! I really need to figure out a way to allow sleep to become part of my daily routine.
man chilln about to hit up jack LOL What u on?
Twitter module makes it more complicated than necessary; intro one was well received by SoMe-curious colleague
Thanks! I'm not sure what I did wrong. Tried to fix it...
CAT: nom nom ME: Hey, stop chewing on my phone. CAT: oh, you wanted your screen protector intact? *rip*
Interrupting twitter silence to state that driving HW 1 north from San Francisco is totally amazing. So beautiful. Currently in Point Reyes.
I live in Alaska. Why in the world are we not allowed to vote on it as a state? That is my children's bread and butter!
the earlier the better!
omg! He was at my house today :)
Oh please.
Bummed to say I don't think so. Will let you know if they record though.
Wish my games wouldn't have gotten cancelled
The forecast is calling for more snow this weekend! Are you kidding me?
I am adding another category under Sporting that should allow you to single out my blog post again & then mention my twitter.
What's the name of your favorite paint color?
Mean!! #Glee <333 :D
what's goin on
being a #Directioner doesnt mean that im not a #Belieber anymore so dont be talking $%^# (;
Some really cool new stuff coming to WebCamWindow this year. Can't wait for you guys to see it.
Working the casino 2-10 I hope I make lots of money!! I'm so excited!
and that is how you get to a game 5...
": let me know if your gonna do something else for your bday....love u & GN" love u to n ok
I would if I could, trust me.. =(
Either I'm drunk or I have genuinely fond feelings for all your tweets tonight
Back to life. Back to reality.
Don't forget Leeds! Fucked Up / Eagulls / Black Lungs / Iceage all playing The Well on Mon 9th May, gonna be huge!! Tickets still available.
if you not funna satisfy my needs, someone else will
Boston is beautiful today. I love living in this city.
I'm a man in desperation! Can you please help my situation!
For Esmé, With Love and Cointreau
my school lol tell danh to scoop you !!
Please!! is one in 17 million the chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!
I can't live without my cell phone :D
All wrapped-up and hidden for the big day! I love you, Son.
preference is different than "hate." - I don't understand why humans can focus on whatever we want. and we CHOOSE to hate.
Hey my inspiring #mombizmondays ladies!It was my 1st time in the chat & loved it, but need 2 get some work done, so have a good nite!
"There's only one God ma'am, and I'm pretty sure he doesn't dress that way." - Captain America (Marvel Avengers)
Really bummed you can't make it to Buffalo. You were replaced with Lance Armstrong. That should be a friggin hoot.
very cool! Hope you're enjoying conference.
spain facts
Never been so excited to go to sleep in my entire life as I am right now
Of course I do
I'll give your mom a car wash. Wait, what? To reiterate, you owe me a car wash. And probably dinner after those shenanigans.
The first step to NOT being an asshole, is realizing you're being an asshole!
I think it's great marketing that when u tweet about being in a place they almost instantly tweet back and thank you. Technology today. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
With what?
A Pinkberry parfait makes a great light lunch! Orginal and Peach....with strawberries, blueberries and gra-#nola! #YUM!!
Will U.S. continue to kowtow to Movement Conservatives or will we follow example of Iranian people and stand up for our rights?
What is this show? I hear about it on #NPR but I have no idea...
I love too. I think the show, doesn't show her in the best light sometimes. She has class!
Can't wait for you to return!
yeah buddy!!
Having just started reading online reviews of Girls, am struck anew by triumphant diagnoses of characters as "spoiled," "entitled," etc....
I got to live for Morgan after today I'm done playing he gone feel me in some months u and yo hoe sending dis pic we put b blessed
see now thats your fault! Its not my fault that my dad had this car since before I was born and now it's a piece of shit:(
"imagination is the ultimate renewable resource" - DJ spooky
Just tell to save some for me, since I told him about the cool cloud shot last week. Wonder if he even used it ...
Superintendent: Had a community conversation over last 18 months about what 21st cent. skills students should have-started at board
You REALLY get to know how inefficiently you write when you have to write short captions for an exhibit. This tweet for example...
Bout to do some cleaning and then sister time w/ :)
RT Those who have Lead an Electronic Invoicing Measure are often recognized as having a Solid Impact on the Organization...
Your the 2nd person who said this
Starting to get hyper!
RT : God's Word never fails to fill me with awe. Shivers down my spine as I think on 1 Corinthians 15:12-20.
:)Let.It.Snow(:
ah oh well those meetings are too far away anyway. cant waste gas like that
As long as he gets me 30+ save and 90+K, I'll be happy. Give me an ERA around 3.50 and a WHIP around 1.20. All good
Donna Summer, you better be turning it out up there. RIP, baby!
Aha! Now it makes more sense.
not at the moment but I will make sure to ping you if I head in your direction!
Here liability is.
Happy earth day!!!! #ILoveYouMotherNature <U+E43E><U+E04A><U+E04B><U+E049><U+E304><U+E522><U+E528><U+E308><U+E13D>
#Seth please do me!
Right on sister.....Go Rampage! (my sec fav AHL team) :)
lol..thats about it..and a verbal handshake over the phone.
aw thank you
lol, I know that. Are you free to talk now?
Stopped by the National Archives. Is it ironic that the Constitution was written in disappearing ink?
"When I go out there, it's always to win" Devin Bullock aka King 3
#GoogleDrive -- another reason why I love all things Google <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> -- I can now access all my files from anywhere!!
"We have to anchor ourselves in the ocean of God's Love"
This project got me running back & forth.
The real Guillermo Moscoso account ----- > will be verified shortly.
Whether I was in a slump or feeling badly or having trouble off the field, the only thing to do was keep swinging. -Hank Aaron
Late registration is open until 9pm tonight. You havent quite missed your chance. Good time for free agents to get in on the action!...
I miss u bitch
ha! I went to Wesley, where they teach real manners
There probably from Iowa where that's exceptable
he might get mad if I tell you.
bet u aint got no sour patches
I'm a big fan of the Stax and Motown sound!
had to go into surgery to get my appendix removed. Before it exploded. lol It was intense.
Never really knew how good corn chips actually are..lol now im sittin her stuffing my face lmao
Woke up to ReverbNations charts Paul Borges ReverbNation charts, # 18 in Cleveland Ohio. Wow, whats happening ?
I'm considering deleting my Facebook account. Have any of you?
If you have an iPhone, you need to download the app! Get points and get huge deals on stuff in Indianapolis!
on #ESPN2 at 10am in the States
But it's awkward when someone says no.....lol
Tracy Morgan's jeans are 50% used Lady Gaga costumes, 35% failed MMA t-shirt companies and 15% AXE Body Spray.
Congrats to #Baylor, who wrapped up the 2012 #NCAAB tourney's "most blinding uniforms" award tonight.
You know you high when bread taste good.
His schooling is going to be covered under the VA for most of it so he decided to transfer some of his GI Bill to me. :-)
Tell us your favorite part about Lollapalooza and share your pictures!
there are a bunch of 3rd gen iPod touch rumors, I don't have an actual link but has a great video about it
great to hear yall on the radio. Represent!
Please check out at 10pm to see the special story put together about #ReProm and Wisconsin
well ya, I have. Not a fan of the Simone.
Cool Fact: Hawkman was featured in the Legends of the Superheroes TV Specials in 1979, portrayed by Bill Nuckols.
Office conversations >
not tonight
#Taxes. Done.
No you're just a ginger! Haha
From now on I'm only watching movies with working-girl-meets-bidet gags
Well I'm disappointed... I have to get team Nike cleats for football so I can't get my Under Armor highlights <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I am seriously questioning the giant-sized carry on bags on flight from Orlando to islip. Really annoys me.
You bet I do!! I love your icon man :D how you been??
DJ who follows me was late to his show, so I filled in for about an hour extra. Now, I'm home, ready for a beer & a long sleep.
Is this album as fantaasic as I think it is or have I just listened to it on repeat excessively?
Hahaha I can't stop watching the replay of his strike 3 call.
Damn Wandy took a shot...hope he is cool.
gotta keep this in mind!! ": Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind, feelings & emotions."
I'm the only one in the water at the lake.
Chinese & American SH sound is different. The tongue for Chinese SH is further back in the mouth making it softer. Very pretty. xie xie.
haha ive been following you! & you can txt me go ahead!
it's so true. Golf and I have a love/hate relationship most days.
Ugh! Biting my nails to the bone!
RT : Blimey. 'The Interrupters' was a tough watch. The lack of regard for human life from many of those people is staggering.
": So is Wendy Williams a transsexual or........?"no its jus a nigga
Catching up on the
It's the first day of the Spring Semester at our beautiful Lexington Avenue campus in the heart of NYC. Welcome new and returning Bearcats!
At runway with billy gardell. We got Ryan!
The moment when your bosses don't think you know about #drawsomething lol
Rebel eyelash!
Good ole Biden. You can always count on him..... Gotta love him! Right?
Hope you got some rest and are now reenergized!
'get some chest on your hair'
for the first time in 12 years, I'm not doing anything drum corps related this summer, interesting. What do 'normal' people do!?
Can't stand that the practice of law is devolving to the concept of the lowest common denominator for EVERYTHING!
Go to my music page and give the kid more likes in shooting for 1000!!!
run, yoga, & errands done, now to make a cocktail, get a shower, & get to thinking about an extra yummy supper for #MadMen &
they don't know yet... they found her in the bathtub so it's a possible drowning
Follow Me!
No it is the black and grey model (a nice flat finish). I got it Tuesday night.
You started off as a nobody and you will end up being a nobody because your attitude sucks
I see y some niggas turn to da dope game or the B &E game shit mad hard out here for a nigga tryin to get by.
Do you need a book that can deliver, “it all”? Like a smart science fiction thriller subtly driven by romance.
Vegas you were amazing!!! Goodnight loves you!!!!!
so im coming to cali in march brotha!
#2SmallExBoyfriends warren sap
I sound dumb reread your tweets hoe lol
Much luck to you and my Giants at the Super Bowl Bro!!!
yeah I know too bad Doris thinks we're crazy
you can buy me a shot
did u know Gloria Estefan's new music video emulated several scenes and themes from the RHP Show?
Tried to create an interdisc. unit on bicycling with the US PRO Challenge starting just 5 miles from my school. Skyping w/ pro cyclists=cool
It is very interesting the the ADHD "epidemic" increases on the east coat. We are too fast paced for our own good.
There's still a few hours left for TWOSday this week! come and have Chris puncture you!!
WRAP PARTY!!!! It was a great season.
Nice. Need more #wine lovers! ;-)
Wish I could feel better, I don't know if this pain will ever end.How do you let go of the one person who loved you more than anyone, Mom!!
Anyone know any filmmakers, TV people, creatives who would want to chat? Want to hear some thoughts, opinions.
Celebrating St. Patrick's Day making colcannon pies. Colcannon's great on its own but everything's better in a pie. Am I right?
How can i respond to "dw" , im obviously gonna worry..
Country Music is the best!
I am anxiously awaiting Sideshow Bob's phone call. I never thought I'd be able to say that.
The assignment is so poorly worded too. It's all a hot mess.
Where my #October babies @?
fatty!! fatty!! fatty!! i am teasing myself so i get annoyed and stop eating!!!!! fatty......
You love Biden? That guy is a dim bulb.
We're stoked for December!!
She keep me on the rite track.
we're making Moscow Hot Chocolate and Hot Scotch Cocoa tonight, you all should come by if you're around!
i love u so much and how u sing god bless you! hope u tweet back!
yeah:(.... and i dont think you tell what wrong Kat you know im here for you.
Just the thought of moving into what God has planned next makes me want to pursue Him with even more passion! What about you?
happy birthday <3
um…why?
Part of me really wants to big chop again. This length is so much harder to manage. I'm about to be on that straight life. Or short life.
Im out here in these streets. checkin tweets. The Cavs ain't ready man. It will be a while.
when are you looking to head out this way?
Happy Mother's Day! Where are you taking MOM for #brunch today?
Going to a Mumford & Sons show would be awesome
The time is now! Get your BOGO #PXYSJ tix until 1pm at the Continental School of Beauty on Jefferson Rd in Henrietta! Go go go!
No doubt. Good story.
did not know I had anything in there.
Watching the Manchester Derby, of course! Seem strange? Remember who I'm dating...
Wherever in the world there is sunshine, we want to be there right now. Typical cloudy #SanFrancisco day...
Thanks for the recommendation!
Thank you all for spending time with us! RT : with my people
AWESOME work out = Insanity. Check it out!
shouda overloaded my shit these next to semesters
amazing presentation by Aaron Koblin last night! www.aaronkoblin.com
Appreciated your plug for Platypus a few months back. Like your urbanism page, too. I also blog on architecture & urbanism
I am seriously loving the #dayofarch updates. A very useful resource in the future!
Hard to say. Every department works a bit differently. My own (totally naive) idea: if you like someone's work, tell em now!
Somewhere out there, a neurotic chicken wants to cross the road but is paralyzed by the knowledge that everyone will question his motives.
I'm going to be a vampire for Halloween... Who wants to be my victim?
how do i send it to you with spotify?
I love how easy Canon makes their lens and camera repair process.
if I see you semi-often and you NEVER talk to me, why the hell are you gonna add me on facebook?
please follow me please follow me please please please please follow me please please please please plea s
#HERESTOALL The best way to stand out is the stop trying to fit in.
and thank you :-)
JESUS IS MY SWAGG mixtape coming soon! Its hot
Today, outside of a classroom, I actually had occasion to say, "It's not so much remembering or forgetting, it is a recognition of chaos."
Thanks guys! I <3 all of you!
Wow, what a well worded compliment. Im sold!
We got a cool event happening tomorrow night at the MPAA we'd love to tell you about. What's the best way to do that? Tks!
Where is my coffee? I have lots of things to do today to finish the August issue of Hoof Beats.
OF COURSE...!
RT : Today in 1953, Capt. Joseph C. McConnell Jr, shot down his 16th enemy aircraft in the Korean War to become its top ace.
It's very hard for me to evaluate your software update when you don't send it to me.
NBC just reported live from Liberty Square! Mainstream, y'all.
Hey how r u doin oh and good morning
Finding $82 in your wrist wallet, that you haven't opened in like 2 months... Fckn awesome!!!!
Sounds like a plan <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Nevada Museums Association meeting today - always great.
Its cold out in Vegas-but it HOT downtown on Fremont East! Get downtown #fflv!
All is well.. thx see you tomorrow.
Im so tired of looking at these papers
Need more women like Ann Romney. She's worked harder than Hilary Rosen has that's for sure.
Hey I'm bored at work and need something to do! Any suggestions?
standing in front of the cheese stand in trader joe's for 20 min w/ after flyin kites ...decidin which cheese is best to eat :)
You're welcome! We are honored to be your charity of choice. Good luck and happy hiking!
'Member when you were a kid and minutes passed like hours in meetings? Oh wait, that's now.
I set my digital clock to military time because it makes me feel like a sailor.
Just saw #Avengers That shit was hot! What you did was phenomenal you saved the earth Your true hero!I want ur acura!
You cannot change anything in your life with intention alone. Intention without action is useless. Caroline Myss
It's officially dog day let's get this day started off right with some dtbh can't wait!!!!!
TAO, Lavo, Marquee, Haze,The Bank, Contact BCI for VIP tables!! ....
Guest Article from Sarah Walker: The Viability of a Property Investment Franchise Business
haha I think I just admitted to being a alcoholic. :/
why wasn't i born with green eyes like my mom
"String Cheese Incident Takes on Ticketmaster" is apparently about a band, not a really epic performing arts piece.
I'm sorry your feeling sad :(
Nader Qaimari from Cengage: ebooks aren't cutting it, digital content solutions are too disparate
Thanks, I'll check it out.
Going on every single device and going on different twitter accounts to get Austin Mahone to the UK!<3
it isn't always enough to be forgiven by others, sometimes you are to learn to forgive yourself!
I will do magic. It's my favorite.
#moo it up
Lol I'm sorry but directioners copy beliebers' tweets n stuff but they say it about 1D. Like what no. Stop. Ur not foolin anyone
Do you see your life as a grand adventure?
Spurs, better team and franchise.
keep it going...
what's a girl got to do to get a date with you? (besides steal your sweet-tweet name...)
I laugh cause you'd think my dad would learn by now of he waited till I said come in I wouldn't have to lock my door.
Theres so much drama in this fan base. Guess that what you get with millions of teen girls. Lol
hahaha you'll be getting all the babes in that ! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
At the desk thinking about how good my life is right now
doesn't matter what he sings, is anointed!
Mario Cristobal is entering Year 6 at Florida International. In the last two years he has posted an impressive 15 wins and 2 bowl bids.
S.I.N.G.L.E = Strong, Independent, Noticeable, Generous, Loving , Enlightened.
It's only 8 words gtfo it seriously we still love you
Finished The Avengers! So much greatness in 2 hours!!! Loved it. Go see it!
que cosa :s...suerte a las dos!!! Y que acaben pronto!!!
I am sure they appreciate it, it has probably been a long day for the demonstrators!
Give credit where credit is due "Hofeddy"
Remember to back it up like a Tonka truck, DALE!!!
Cubs vs Sox Go Cubs Go hey Chicago what da ya say the Cubs r gonna win today!
#SXSWi is right around the corner. Hoping everyone takes part in finding the "iTriage man" in Austin for a chance to win!
Maegoo needs a Twitter, we have to make her make one Friday.
AM Spartan death workout done.. on to the next thing..
Wow. Brain Kelly gone = losing 3-30. Cincinnati you had a great year but you miss your coach.
#UsGuys welcome! : #RingTheTribalBell for : Would love to! I enjoy the daily! cc
your voice is a gift from God BEST rendition of Man's World since James Brown. You will have HUGE career! God bless you always
i wish you would come back and wrestle part time. But i know you gotta do what u have too. But always
Congratulations Morgan!
Literally never been so bored in my life..
you may have to wait till. 4:45. Bless all restaurants great food. Cioppino rocks. 15 years no change.
GoGurt always makes me think of
Maybe we could get Heath Bell to be our starting tackle to replace Phil Taylor
I really want to go to the cinema with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> is that wired?? <U+2764>
Sounds like a job for the Redact-O-Scope, trained pattern recognition goggles we force researchers to wear (for paper records)
you said i could keep it
heavy pollen..... heavy rain...... but intermediate calmness of a brisk day....
Not fight. Just less grab-ass RT : Wow, the fans want us to fight. I won't do it
<<<--- Also picked for favorite.
I've asked the staff at the city to remove it. Will post if I get an update
Thinking of all our East Coast folks who are in the path of the storm.Y'all take whatever precautionary measures necessary to stay safe!
I feel you
enjoying your music! keep praisin! keep an eye out for my new christian hip hope album dropping in january : )
better now that I quit one of my jobs. now I just need to find another one to replace it. I can't let my heel budget go lol
Sorry to include you on the tweet -- just saw that you retweeted it. if anything, thanks for the head's up.
3500 words of content queued up in for a new project. MediaPiston rocks, can't go wrong w/ them for scalable, quality content.
If you have family/friends at Ft. Hood, ABC5 News wants to talk with you: 515-457-1026, ask for Christina
your mom makes me laugh.
Price your intro offer so that your new client will be able to afford the regular price when it's over.
You wanna know who is perfect? read the first word again. <U+E32D>
awesome! National holiday?
Library GRIND bold is Cafe Voltaire
YOU BETTER DO IT :) Or you can text ODOM to 69622. Thanks for the support dolls! Love you all madly!
100% jealous right now.
I want to vote against amendment one on a greenway.
When you're irritated for no reason
amazing now what do you think we're going to do with all those batteries?
Sure. What's up?
Absolutely loving the activism is showing down south!We're making this change happen young people!
#fridayreads. Loving "Olive Kitteridge" by Elizabeth Stout.
The heck with flex spending accounts for medical expenses. I want a flex commuter accnt to maintain my bike.
at least we aren't the only ones that think that about FRA. In the boy's locker room it says FRA sucks by the mirror
Huge headache still!!! <U+E407> on the brightside I managed to buy myself a new bathing suit!! <U+E322>
My two favorites right now are the two Texans, Ron Paul & Rick Perry. I will wait it out a little longer to make a final decision.
“: 2 chainz n the bay tonight??” True
the trail for the kidnapper of ADNAN SAKLI starts Monday do you have a Italy correspondent?
which ones are you watching back to back?
Watching make Gertrude Stein fortune cookies. Yes, these are "Tender Cookies."
OKC is going ham.
Oh man. Clark on in the 72nd minute for his first minutes at BBVA. Someone say something funny...
Song 7: You're Incredible - holding my world in the palm of your hands... Great God, You're Incredible!
Winston Churchill.
Aw loving today :)
RT : Filmmaker Jess Stevenson is making a short film on #COLLECT2012 artist Louise Gardiner. On the website soon...
im not buying it this year, its a joke to waste 60 dollars on roster updates.
the ubiquitous "hipster..." I don't know why I am surprised I just heard this term used on NPR.
thats the only reason I got up lol :-)
I wish I can go to a concert of your but they are always so far will you ever do one here in Miami?!:)
Let's go Philly! Bring home the W!
chatting it up with and ;) great company at
August 11 in west palm beach there are a bunch of country concerts this summer
Loving the new Gil Scott Heron record
It astounds me how things happen all at once sometimes.
oh my god! It's so amazing<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> we're definitely watching it this summer!
RT : RT we got some google wave invites... you need one? RT this !!
LOL re authentic restaurant.
#AskSarah can ypu follow me please? Your really inspiring and amazing, it would mean alot <3
haha yeah i am(:
yeah, I'm thinking about going. It should be fun!! :)
Mayor says they're being responsive to our concerns... Don't deny our challenges, but they aren't the only story
Oh my Goodness .its Saturday
What's on your mind?
Watching sweet home alabama <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> this movie will never get old to me #favorite <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
For Office and Home Delivery: Call 415-864-PORK Today's Special is The Texas Cheese Steak Sandwich
we are in keep me posted its all about Cleveland
anytime! Have a good one
My new fav song: Teenage dream cover by Boyce Avenue
¡¡¡CINCO DE MAYO!!! The Paul Gaspar Latin Jazz Quintet on the Recording Stage @ 7:00!! Fajitas and Fish tacos in the dining room!! MUY BUENO
....I bet I did it too soon
I like that one because of the images of families frolicking in the sun to an upbeat tune about drug abuse.
it's called sticking up for myself. idgaf about you or what you do. Keep my name out your mouth and I'll do the same.
“In order that all men may be taught to speak truth, it is necessary that all likewise should learn to hear it.” – Samuel Johnson
RT : MT : Health ins giant Coventry is using yr premiums 2 buy politicians, so healthcare system stays broken.
probably every day I spend with my nephew & the day my mom and step-dad married!
Yesterday was something else. Didn't see mb ,but saw Obama. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
#totalblackout is awesome!
xss test <script>alert('Hello World');</script
" Hi I am Rafael and this is my llama" hahaha I think it can fly southwest!!
I love my new car. I think I may sleep in it tonight. Yes, I'm a loser.
being sick sucks, loving the President is awesome, listening to the GOP destroy themselves among clear thinking men & women is priceless!
... notes from The EDJE: Mazda Road to Indy Holds Second Annual ...
Our Advanced English Class has been discontinued. If you're looking for English classes, many of our fellow branches have them available.
This boy was playn in my hair while I was tryn to talk to someone as I walked he walked with me lol
U are always taught u don't have to prove anything to anybody! But it feels Good to be Loved and Hated for what u have PROVED! (Success)!
Thanks for RTing our Butterfly Effect grub down. Tonight will be a confluence of food trucks, artists & fractals :)
Not really we just help promote our friends and they help promote us <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> RT : do you guys offer sponsors?
I hope God turns his back on you for turning your back on your own fucking people.
The stats are quite troubling I agree, we indeed can do better and we should support " Our Women" while appreciating them!
Nice to finally meet you! Thanks for stopping by the booth. We'll be in touch soon!
lets me guess.. your a fan?
anybody there?
"I'm hard. Oh wait I meant my muscles. On my body!"
Sunrise shoot!
Romney has invented a new game: Hungry Hungry Rinos!
Omg I have this huge knot in my back owww D:
Pretty much.
What are you doing for Open Gov Hack Day on the 3rd? I'm hosting an event here in Seattle, and I'm looking for co-conspirators
lol just forget the story
I know. If he's a 'decent 4th OF option', I'd love seeing the other 3 OFers in front of him on the same team!!!
Oh my gosh, U must be just famous as all get out, having only put out 344 TWEETS AND HAVE 74,811 FOLLOWERS, HOW DO U DO IT?
Sid in your mouth
Why should I care about anything?
No, in the sense that I don't consider it to be a problem.
The weekend is so bad for e-mail! Very frustrating.
Dom Kennedy is better
16mm projector on stand next to desk w/ computer + swivel chair + pile o' flix == ergonomic genius. Now: midnight steak dinner. Why not?
Bitch pleaaasseee my phone battery lasts longer than youur relationships
has already seen this episode of this not-very-good-show; perhaps it is time for a hobby of some kind.
Sprained my ankle. Took a pic with Lucas. I don't think I've ever jumped that much in my life. OFWGKTA!!!
:D RT : hey thank ya guys!
Two good job interviews today, might get an offer from both. It feels good to be the "niña bonita" at least once in a while!
If you sit down with your team, who's the first person to talk?
": lmaoooo relax i just was trying to figure out if we could get married" My answer isn't y not is!
Anything worth doing is worth doing right.
Lane Garrison -- Cheating May Have Triggered Domestic Violence
ah, that was my 25.5k tweet!
RT : Dogs drool and cats rule, sorry doggies it's true. Proud to be a
Is it just me, or is it getting more and more difficult to find the "Quit" menu selection in Skype?
Our show goes live in 5 minutes, get registered at www.dealshow.com now so you are ready to bid when the first items go up!
Man this is a good game
Block party at Baker tonight! 1371 Baker Street, in the alley from 5-7pm. Bring some cash for the most amazing papusas ever!
I miss you too mwah
I want to thank the person who retweeted my post about how "some people who kill others has nothing better to do than trying to be God"!
Chillin in the club in my bboy stance
: disagree--ibaka's got touch. is already better from medium 2 than green is from 3. now he never has to play center.
Watch out for Yahoo Congradulations Document. It's another attempt to install a virus on your system.
mimosas and meatballs is the theme of the party.
#GoTribe 7-2 road trip is very respectable. Gotta keep the momentum going at the Prog.
I am so grateful.
Thanks for the RTs - they are much appreciated!
RT Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 6
Young voters liked BHO when he was just a "cool dude" w/ no record. After almost 4 years, they know better!
I'm pretty much the boss of campus now :) (Actually, I'm graduating from Citizens Academy!)
Test results should be in today. I hope they call me today too.
If LeBron can play like this in the 4th Quarter, I'll get that new championship T-shirt!
Thank you for sharing your talent with us last night!!! So honored to have you both there!
"It Ain't Love" on DJ Smallz's website www.djsmallz.com/blog/2010/4/28/hot-or-not-kaytunes-it-aint-love.html
to me? or to you? lol omg where did you see her at?
Don't miss on the hit series - TONIGHT at 10/9c!
Waking up to cute texts. >
You are WAY better and bigger than this...
May I speak Lisa Frankly with you? Your *UNICORN* is suffering from a severe case of *SPARKLES* and may not live past *PANDAS*
"Hey, maybe we should hold off on that illustration of Lin leading the Knicks into the playoffs via rickshaw." - someone at
Voting done. Now the prayers continue.
guess who is also gunna be an auntie you are! :D
I'm late for just about everything. People stop expecting me too be on time.
Gonna snuggle my lil man while I read some books before bed. Love rainy nights like this.
"5 hours" volunteering for the marathon turned into < 2 1/2. Guess I'll make it to banjo night after all...
I'm want to win #WWE12 Tonight I need it..
I'm calm lol
Melo u cannot foul out of this game my dude.
This is true, however finding the right things to do requires testing and that takes time, trial and error. Hp sooner thn later
#IamAStanBecause Biteriphobia is amazing (I don't have a clue how to spell that)
Yet again he tweeted imposed and enforced
We value all of our customers..we call them..we visit them...without them we are nothing. Join us 'Globalnet Telecom'
key to being compassionate adult: knowing gravity of your words.
looking for queenalaska1...where are you??
Travel around USA this season has produced anomalies in weather conditions Left warm New England for snow in SouthDateline: Upper Marboro MD
One of the few things I've done that has been described as "flawless." RT : The Top 50 Boy Band station on is flawless.
AMAZING TINYCHAT I HOPE YOU DO IT AGAIN TOMORROW
BLUHHHH,,,, Even grocery shopping is more fun than this...
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 34
Yesterday's birds by : br thrasher, rc kinglet, house wren, goldfinches, yellow warbler, yellow rumps, blue gray gnatcatchers
In the studio laying down beats...
There's a small pic of me in this week's
Question: was "right now" concept all UW's or had you seen it elsewhere? Monster traffic. Congrats!
And after the Stock Show, back out to the 0$ Ranch for two more days of interviews, before hitting the highway for #WestTexas this weekend.
psyched to have you guys as our first performers of the Live From The Carriage House series !!
It was gr8. We were at Uncle Ed's in Senatobia. Your aunt Wilma and Uncle James were there. We had a ball.
Why would i try that? RT : Did u know? Grapes explode when u put them in the microwave. Go on, try it then
I want to view my following's tweets on Shuffle. My ears can have it, why not my eyes.
": My good deeds are done in silence because I look for no praise"
So tired. Cannot wait to sleep when the next 2 days are over with.
Can't stand people who don't hold the elevator door!!!
Only can RT this!:)
Good morning twitterverse! Only two more days until One America Mini Marathon!
its the devil my nigga
Implies Mangini ain't much of a friend. SELL OUT
You need to hook up all the new #Jags They can check it out LIVE online too. Be Blessed !!!
Wearing a tank top in the cold wind is re freshing right now.
And Houston is graced by your presence here.
#SomeWhereInTheHood niggas knockin on your door asking "Do you want your grass cut"? Lol"
So I fell asleep in class an my phone started ringing out loud. How embarrassing.
where'd you see this?
my friend.You are a part of the reason I am now on Twitter. Hope all is well w/ Jen, the boys & work. Happy New Year!
I'm left-handed.
My #fusionist view's moved from "#Neo and #paleo folk should be friends" to the subtly different "Neo and paleo folk deserve each other."
Floss from Michaels has to be bad ass though.
When i get older i want to go to places around the world like Italy,Britain , New zealand, and all those beautiful places :)
Don't Avoid problems Face it !
Make sense. The MS rep said it was a starting point for new techies & a way HR filters candidates.
no its because your really lame...... #justplayedyourlife(:
why is there no reality show where val kilmer & nic cage live together?
cake tweet “: That butter rum muffin I just had hit the spot <U+E14C>”
it's June 1st. I'm open Saturday, jus let me kno!
Mine was getting to like healthy foods. Had to create a taste for it, but now love healthy foods.
Plezzz Follow Us ! :(
Speedos should be outlawed! Just got back from Venice Beach and I'm still having nightmares about them!!! Lmao!
I'm leaving to Beaverton Friday though :c
Wow. Really highlights importance of financial literacy education! RT Student Loan Defaults Rise Again nyti.ms/pEsQcw
CrossFit X-Factor tomorrow @ 3! Who wants to go?
COME JOIN OUR ZUMBA CLASS TONIGHT WITH AT 8:15 !!!
that's awesome! Thanks for being such a great customer :)
is it necessary for bands to tour on weekdays
Our family friend just passed away, rip, and then I found a dead deer in the yard. I hate when that creepy stuff happens.....
Thanks to for doing a great review and running a giveaway contest for an etched #wine bottle
hahah yeah aye you like my twitter name;)
Show tonight at the verge in Gloucester we would love to see you there !!!
RT : #SXSW Sean Parker and Al Gore are talking at 5pm about politics and social media. Exhibit Hall 5
you can't put chemicals on your hair crazy not now
awe /: okay behbeh! Its okay were almost done
Cool website! Great minds think alike. :)
thank you :)
Anyone going to #NEMLA this weekend? I'm really excited--the program looks awesome!
congrats. Send link!
your welcome make the best put of today!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
RT : Is outsourcing good for America? Thank you for acknowledging that outsourcing and offshoring r not the same
Not a single meeting on my calendar today. Aw yeeeeaaah!
I never did yoga but I have tried tai chi and loved it, Yang Long Form takes an hour or so. How long does yoga take?
dont tell what to do cuz it wont do it
Also, my iTunes just shuffled through some traditional Christmas music. So I listened.
that can't be true
its 6:30 already? it's so light out, it seems like its 5 or earlier... ah
sports suck
I think I do (like that song).
on the voice :)
Just finished an invigorating Ashtanga class w/ Lisa J YMCA! Nothing like yoga to realign.
Please note the Japan server are are USA IPs in Japan Location. This server will not show a IP address of Japan, but server is in Japan.
I wonder if the Redskins recognize that this concept known as "scoring" is vital to winning.
love Denmark. The people were super cool.
Do you remember who you voted for place 1 and 3?
Happy birthday!!!!!
We're about to start some live music blog reviews in both Nashville & Dallas, details coming...
thanks!! hope you are well!!
Enjoying this beautiful day with <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2600><U+270C>
He who blatantly declare war on Sweet Mother Ghana must be ignorant and outta hiz mind.
I've been good. Just working and hanging out. How have you been?! Hows school?
Read this piece from on how the SOPA/PIPA battle might signal the GOP's turn against Hollywood IP-maximalism. bit.ly/ws67zR
i think kids crave that independence
Get the inside story on what covering Wisconsin politics has been like 1 p.m.
"Why do you have such a big crush on ol’ girl???" MY. THOUGHTS. EXACTLY.
you're living the startup dream :p
not after I opened my mouth and gave them a history lesson!!!! Lmao
RT : #Aries can easily become spoiled and resented by others.LEOs rule nigga
Got a new Bikini 4 the week @ the new Beach House. Cant wait to hit them wavess ;D
Day one back went as one would expect.
hopefully ok! He's in right now for another hour or so
HEALTHCARE-Can coverage change or be denied if you travel outside the lower 48 to alaska or hawaii??? Get your book www.theprofittrap.com
Dirty car? Wash it at Astro Jet Car Wash in Sellwood....The sun is out...
RT Christmas is not a good time to diet. Bawi nalang sa exercise :P
Happy Birthday Mom! Love you!
Thanks for the FF My Man!
The Weekly LOVIEE will be posted late Wednesday night/early Thursday morning.
It's almost July on the west coast!
": I WANT PIE EL CAPTAIN style"-->lol very good
Tweetable! (I'm one of the 4 Matrix like Hitmen they mention) type in BOUND BY BLOOD: WENDIGO - GoErie.com/Erie Times-News www.goerie.com
Thx! Behavior mods can def help, but only to a certain point. There's so much a chemical basis to it. Meds/diet combos work best
when it's funny it's funny!
lol! They don't know cuz
That movie 'The Cabin In The Woods' looks quality.
my lens of truth sees right through your lies
And I never like to stop talking to Noah. <3
When you support the National Network of Abortion Funds, you're supporting our efforts to protect state Medicaid access to abortion.
QoTD: "We must learn to live together as brothers or perish together as fools." (Martin Luther King Jr)
Somebody please send some positive vibes my way that I may actually sleep.
The airport shuttle driver is playing 38 Special, so this day might be alright after all.
What will you do better, stronger and faster in 2011?
Holy crap! I just looked out the window and it is snowing like crazy! Too bad it's not really sticking...
+ , your mama misses her girls! Leaving Dallas soon. P, whatcha think about sis taking to the roads? Oh my! xxoo
Brown Deer is owning it tonight.
I have no one to impress anyways...
thanks for the follow
lol. you're pathetic.
Still no severe weather to report in the region despite some thundershowers passing through.
According to my mental clock, summer needs to hurry the fuck up, so I can fuck shit up.
I heard you took an IQ test and they said you re results were negative.
you guys did amazing on the jimmy kimmel show. great job guys :)
those are fun movies, I might need to watch them again this weekend... and make some noodles
But why shouldn't we be thinking "commercial?" More specifically, why can't we redefine "commercial?"
Have fun, do u have a date im sure u do
Next chance of light winter precipitiation enters Upper Midwest and Great Lakes Region come Sunday and next Monday
Packed house in Council Chambers today.
Can't wait for #Smash tonight!!
Now mentoring about the proper way to eat Mike and Ikes.
This dont make no sense boom
It's no secret I'm older than most of you, yet I feel like I'm supposed to forget my age and pretend to be a monster.
save me a bottle. I'd like to try it
I wanna move to the other side of the world.
Rough sketch recorded on my Phone but you'll get the ideaI
Happy Thanksgiving Friends!
Thx for the follows all!
So glad I don't usually work on Sundays. Good thing there's an episode of Game of Thrones & some Irish whisky to make it all better!
Contemplating whether or not to take a quick nap
seriously, "Mountains"?? wow. I should totally be there... but I'm not done yet.
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY ! STOP BY LUCYWATCHES TODAY FROM 5-630PM FOR YOUR FREE ROSE, THANKS MOM
Find any T2000s?
I think I just experienced a bike patrol sighting. That or & have a competing doppelgänger patrol gang.
You guys were too kind to us yesterday! Thanks for the kind words. Let us know when you're read to franchise us! ;-)
Good question. I'm getting (and sending) spam texts/tweets sent that I'm not sending... RT : How do I stop spam text messages?
Don't Send Me Spam Messages Early This Morning.
Careful, cracksidents happen RT:Ben Warner
He got hit pretty hard though.
Sleepy and hungry :/
soup can <333
You guys unfairly charged us again! My goodness! No one can ever insult your consistency, can they?
#FF Dear community partners & developer: thx for an awesome live/work space!
holycrap just rt'd while I'm listening to ! it's a good omen, even though sh's post is a bummer
How do you people have time to watch series television live, anyway? DVRing adds like, five hours of free time to my life.
#kids White Oak Branch - Preschool Storytime: White Oak Branch - Preschool Storytime Tuesday, May 15, 2012 at 12:30 PM Carnegie Library...
Have a kick butt rest of the week!!
Currently picturing you walking slowly around your house, tossing it out of a basket like a flower girl.
you might die after eating McDonald's for breakie. I can't believe YOU Mickey d's.
Chicago Mission U12 girls won again Sat 3-1. Danielle made it on the scoresheet receiving 12 minutes in penalties for checking from behind.
My feet hurt already and I haven't even gotten out of bed yet!
aww thank you =]
Who hits a bong this early?
Order for Thanksgiving by 11/22 for 11/23 pickup! Appalachian Granny's Pumpkin Pies made on-site at Acme!! Call 614-732-2803
Thnx to everyone for coming out to #jewish heritage night!
Going back to junior mints...
Have a great weekend all ! /wk
I got 8,653,960 points while escaping from demon monkeys in Temple Run. c:
Just got done talking to him <3
On plane for Portland! woo ;)
This is such crap. The Nats had the third out on 3 different pitches --- friggin umps
The flight was so wild yesterday, that the flight attendant spit-up afterwards and announced the wrong city that we were in..lol..crazy!!!
Can anyone confirm whether #VMware SRM5 is compatible with vCenter Server 5.0 Foundation Edition?
Chris Paul, you are incredible
a growing #cleantech startup scene in #San Diego? Interested!
Every issue is important! The media can so easily distract the right from the real issues..
We are looking forward to our launch date and hope you are too! We are excited to offer one of the best selections of kid's art around! :)
I dont care who but make sure she has the same morals & values....have goals..you deserve the best
#ImHappyWhen i'm with him <U+E022>
My phone has gotten NO play for the last two day -_- sup with that?
Alexs pimple is cute (;
friend: I'm a huge directioner. me: who's kevin? how many R's are there? who hates spoons? who has 4 nipples? friend: ...
I say you kill him, just to cause the most confusing court case ever. Greaney shot Greaney. You mean Kevin? Yes. Who? Third base!
How lucky I am to have something that makes saying goodbye so hard. ~ Carol Sobieski and Thomas Meehan, Annie
Watching 'John Tucker Must Die' :) I'm obssesed with this movieXD <3
I am trying to be thoughtful, because I'm often times thoughtless. So I made a new girl at school a cupcake for her birthday!
Yay! Another call back this week! I still have fingers and toes crossed from last week's call backs, so what do I cross now? :)
BREAKING: Kim K is single again and the McRib is back... Black men are having the best week of their lives.
if you want to get discs blu-ray and dvd no games than i think netflix is right if you want video games go with blockbuster video.
it's Detroit. A lot like Ignite, but a quicker format, lots of great creative presentations. Check them out!
your really cutee:) I hope one day you feel the same way I do
The burgers and fries in the NYC anti-obesity public service ads on the subway make me hungry every time
well congrats! what are you doing now?
Watching walk the line? Yeah great way to end the day!
yes mam i do
thanks for your help ! hopefully today is less crazy. you deserve a break!
I hope the studying is productive for you. Hey, do you want to meet up for tea sometime?
finished watching a movie.(:
Weren't we suppose to have sunshine today?
RT : choreographers: listen to Mark Morris and use live music. Can't afford a whole orchestra? How about a chamber ensemble!
Free car inspection April 14 at Times Square Mall, Mt. Vernon
Big thanks to for following. It's great to share some food and wine love with you!
It's hilarious how worked up just got over the poor quality of Chuck's phone call.
RT great - #digitalpreservation needs horror stories!
4th shot!!! Get on my level bitches
when we goin out again
congrats Bucci! Now tell them to give you a hockey show :-)
warn her? I told her I'd be happy to exploit her when she felt ready.
Seriously shouldn't have eaten the Feta:-/
World of color :))))
I'm looking forward to a bunch of concerts this month!! Yeah buddy!! #marchmadness :)
It's not actually that fun to stay at the YMCA.
Gunna bake cupcakes ; Birthday Tomorrow(:
That was just what I needed,a bowl of <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009C>
To be honest, I have no idea why. It just seems like a big flop on their part.
Anyone have a case of the Mun-Days? Just Remember..He Rose, so that we may Rise too..
sure! we're actually not far from you, just outside of Philly. Are you involved in any events in the area?
#Crime #Justice is Profitable.Create more of it, call it "#economicrecovery". #Jobs More like
Doing what I do best: sloth and DVR with Audrea and the dogs.
The Birds Part 1
I have been craving whole wheat pancakes all night!!!
My dream is to meet paul mccartney and barack obama c:
RT this if you like NASCAR.
oh? yeah its kinda easy in some parts. I wanna teach my girlfriend lol I bought a guitar for her lol xD
This looks great. Are places still available?
hello!!! So glad to see you on here. Now get to tweeting!
seems a lil too risky:/RT : Russia bldng 8 floating nuclear reactors in order to dominate oil and gas exploration in Arctic
I actually enjoyed tonight's episode of #Girls. What Arrogant Artist said to what's-her-name: THAT. I need that. Like now.
WOW!! my dryer is so LOUD!!...
I'm personally responsible for killing at least 3 trees today. Sorry Earth.
Running on four hours of sleep and i have a looonnngg day ahead of me :/
Thank you for the follow and support! :)
Musings: Always move forward. Never stop investing. Never stop improving. Never stop the new. Small daily investments move the needle.
Finally Philly! #dannybriere is a hunk.
There's one positive to lizards. They eat bugs. For my case as I'm terrified of bugs, I'd invite him to visit, but not stay!
Use your experience in your experiments to achieve your expectations
You got the 1990s Enrique Iglesias/Ricky Martin thing join on. It's Risky... but I like it.
RT EcommerceJobs: ADAPT OR DIE: "Macys, Coach, Nordstrom Bulk Up Websites, Exclusive Products to Counter Showrooming and Online Rivals." ...
Dr. Katherine Noe of speaking on New Treatments and bonus 2nd presentation on Dating, Relating and Sexuality
Do you know where your missions tithe went?
Told some geeky ass nerdy lookin' peope to go look up the song ' i'm tasty' by pink dollaz. Hahaa, they in for a treat, <U+2665>
I can only mesmorize so much on this study guide -_-
very nice! Love the photo!
merchandise from this korean band I really like :3 hehe
RT : Just hit a minor in the face...thats five to ten lol
"What you Tweet tells people who you are and what you stand for. " - courtesy of
Which website are you on?
my nigga almost done with this ep then we going go in and make something epic.
Still No Rain..not a cloud in the Sky+on my way to the Beach..Seattle is the best
Uprooting rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back.
On the bus headed to DePaul for the #MUWBB game. Watch it live at 1:30 ct on ESPN2.
Uhm, wow, yeah...Castle. Yowza. Please let there be a Season Five.
me either but hopefully so i can see your reaction when the ville gets stomped.
Chilling in Bronx Park East
Mark your calendar for November 16 - CCS Takeover Night at Stop in for dinner & CCS programs receive 20% net receipts
you think u know it all
Now on to personnel changes. Will search for provost immediately.
DC: Moten keeps shouting about what GRAY did back in the 90's; wasn't Moten incarcerated during that time? We are looking ahead Moten..
Why is the Pac 12 so bad in basketball? Not enough quality players/coaches or both. Any hope coming soon?
Gym day w/ then off to cause a ruckus with the same crew.
next time we go all the way to the lake place!
Back @ one
wow SARAH just sang me happy bday via youtube! That was awesome. Give her an extra shoutoit from me
Redbull comes in flavors now?
Chico started the debacle, so he'd be first in line for me lol
My Kindergarten child asked to me today, when she was going to get paid for going to school today, if she has to go back to school?! LOL
RT : #InfoSec2012 Corero (DDoS mitigator) is getting a lot of requests for IPv6 solutions from their Asian customers -...
The gmail-Tbird worked great. I tried forwarding a 2nd verizon acct to that address & it works but shoots back yahoo addresses!
Sitting behind someone who is 2 feet taller than you<<<< #can'tseeshit
thanks for the awesome opening address at #azla2011!
Pleasure!! I love 's playing. (She's the trombonist.)
1st sign of spring! Brewers 1st spring training game.
What a dreary Monday, tweetahs! What's getting you through the day?
I am soo Jealous of she has the best boyfriend and best relationship shes a lucky girl
Hey imma #Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please! <3 :) #CarlyRaeJepsen #CallMeMaybe 12
Thanks for the RT. Keep it brutal!!! - Charlie Z
Nice. I'm fond of Peter Hamilton's "Pandora's Star" and sequel.
WTH IS GOING ON TONIGHT
AWWESOME! Thanks so much ;) so glad u loved it! We are on FB, Youtube, and iTunes! And we have a new album on the way!!
interesting. I suggested to that your wedding invites should be in comic sans.
How is the new hot dog shop in #GEEBZ? RT : Already made plans to go back to tomorrow night. jealous?
yes at three am too.
The Boyz Are Gonna Delete Their Accounts !!! ;(
We have a fundamental constitutional right to be left alone - if it calms us and we like it that way.
Betty white is old as shit
This has turned into breakthrough, healing & deliverance hour.
I cant wait to get back in my bed tonight
Game tied up 6-6 at the end of regulation. Headed to sudden death overtime. The Mavericks aren't going down without a FIGHT!
what is their to do down their?
oh hah yea i wouldnt understand
hi david! was just at margaritas in framingham. had a great skinny margarita. ;)
#SinceWeBeingHonest I sneak food into the movies
Thanks Craig, didn't open anything and suspected it was no you. Thanks for confirming. Tom
I went to a PTA presidents meeting, it was a different one cause they were giving away student recognitions then they had a
Feminists who love blood thirsty Hillary are like formerly leftist black people who now love the killer Obama.
wow i love hockey playoffs.. greatest sport in the world
OH SNAP we hit 400 followers... Holla at us \^^/
Don't sleep P&P.": what's good, shot you an email"
Is there a hashtag for the #ward5 meeting? VO's staff is nice and all...
When your one eye starts to tear up<<<
Hungry? We can help!
Sometimes I just want to take a lactase pill and eat some ice cream! ;)
So blessed to be able to do the things I find most enjoyable and fulfilling and get paid for it.
I honestly don't know how I bag groceries for seven hours a day
Tsunami at 8.9 in Japan! Prey for everyone out there. Its crazy
If there were a "like" button on Twitter, I would "like" your Shrute bucks.
thank you for following. I'm excited to see all your fun #quotes!!!
nothing much how about urself?
On a flight home. I will be working as a recruiter for a month. So, if you want to learn about many safe employment opportunities...
We all have that one friend that takes a joke too far. If you dont know one then then you're probably that one friend.
what song is that?!(:
Business is buzzing at the NTEN/Wiley Bookstore! Come on over!
That's one word for it... But I can't make jewelry.
did Kid Rock know that Deke Dickerson is playing in Grand Haven tomorrow night? Surprise appearance maybe??
how u doing my friend im countin down days for the superbowl lol
they don't call it #goodfriday for nothing RT : yesterday was a buncha bullshit. today is gonna be better.
thanks for the
Cruising up PCH, top down. (tank top. I don't own a convertible.) The view is great.
new icon <U+270C> you like?
The little blonde one is my only favorite :) she's the cutest little thing
Trying a San Lotano Oval Churchill. Very nice
u r
Is it normal to feel pain in dreams...that was a dream right?! Lol google the definition of bee stings in dreams
thanks bud
That's my childhood 'hood! Love DC. Say what up to my peeps! When you get back let's take mom out. My treat.
especially if Target is involved!!
French onion soup, something in the cooked onions I think, and reading the genealogies in the OT. May the Lord grant you rest.
It's just b/c you guys are there.
do it
I figure Suppan for Dontrelle Willis is a good idea the change of scenery may do both some good & both are $12M of dead $$
Lower back pain and restless leg syndrome is not a good combo.
Miami doesn't need a ring. Miami needs young people on fire for God and churches like
lol what are we gonna do?
He's been working out over the winter! ;-)
god damn double standard...
Totally your imagination. It actually seems a bit late to me this year. I figure early May as the timing.
HAHAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA SAME. THING..
They usually have a list of the "public" parties on BEA site and in the Show Daily. Welcome to the chaos... :)
You threw your team's conference schedule out there. Sorry to tell you, but the BE really is not that tough. How many top 10
Volunteer recruiting isn't just asking someone to volunteer. It's a multi-step process that slowly builds engagement.
Chicago loves you too :)
I wish I could sing.
I don't think the artists have ever named the genre's, nor do I find those terms to be important....
Christian Venier's Cab Franc & Laboure's Chard were phenom! C U @
so a grown man can say on twitter" I saw the finest Asian girl brb" lmao
Happy birthday and halloween!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Get wasted
The child in me says "Eat candy for breakfast!" but the adult in me says "You're an adult! You can do whatever the fuck you want! Do it!"
WORK HARD, THEN EXPECT IT TO HAPPEN... Great works are performed not by strength, but by PERSEVERANCE. ~ Samuel Johnson ~
RT If you judge people, you have no time to #Love them.
I see you are in NJ now too! Cool! I commute to The Caldwells from Hoboken. What are you doing in NJ?
thanks for the follow.
GOOD YOU ? :D
baby oh baby ily so much
hahaha Shes Probobly giving it to everyone But honestly I don't see what's so attractive about her. she puts out too much
Dealer Expo is finally here! Stop by booth #4753 and chat with us about how we can help protect your ride!
Today the Internet is based on weak ties, as it expands we'll see a shift towards strong tie communities that will drive fundamental change.
That's a fantastic analogy, and very accurate regarding their actions lately.
hi adam :)
I really want more followers..
RT : Discrimination is a cancer on a country's soul.
what's the other 4?
Don't quit your daydream.
aw adorable :)
I don't see anything wrong with that commercial
Going to help the blind today!
I'm driving to work.... So there are a few things I can think of I'd rather be doing lol
With the 30th Overall Pick, the #49ers pick #Illinois WR AJ Jenkins. Thought it was Janoris, at first.
yeah comin to see the fam and everyone i can until wed. but how have u been?
what can I get u for mothers day hahaha
is a silly boy who's easily baffled
i hope going to touring gone help me pass these exams!
hey boo!
Berggren seems like the only forward that has a clue against a zone.
when are you back in the D!
I resent your attitude of entitlement to public funds. We earn every penny of our six figure compensation and lifetime pensions.
Looking for advertising partners. We've just joined , and we are very excited! :D
Dancing, definitely dancing. We're going to start taking dance breaks here at the office.
Good Luck Today in Mississippi , , , Come back on a #winning note!!
How was your Halloween? What did you guys dress up as?
I agree!!! "Open 24hrs" should be mandatory for all libraries
Tanner Blain is hilarious by the way!
LOL!! maybe I'm not.. idk. but they all treat me like a friend!! like.. idk. haha
I apologize for making you feel uncomfortable/unpleasant during that FB chat
Thank you and for your selfless service today. You make us so much more than we are by ourselves.
fo sure “: mentioning me in the tweet wuld be great. Dats why I follow yo ass!”
I'm missing the best Mac & Cheese in the world at for a meeting. Better be a good meeting or somebody might get cut.
Got my license <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Thanks for the #FF, Larry! Have a great weekend!
“: If you're a hot guy and you play soccer, THAT IS GOING TO MAKE YOU SO MUCH HOTTER. It's such a turn on.” agreed
Off this site for the day. 1/2 day bonus :) Nice start to a 3day weekend.
can't wait to see it tonight
Thanks to all the #SFD1 group for inviting me, had a great time, sorry I had to leave, didn't get to to see beer cooler...
TRIPLE PLAY!
will before the concert comes!!!!
This mf wont answer his phone-_-
What this day needs is cake.
Chicks waiting on Boosie to get out of Prison only Date Goon Niggas that wear Tank tops, COOGI PANTS, Reeboks & Gold Teeth..
If I was better at statistics, I would be a primatologist.
#NFLNetwork vs #Espn coverage of #NFLDraft: NFL Network in a landslide. Actual analysis trumps Gruden's repeated "___ is a FOOTBALL PLAYER!"
yea u know I don't like that style especially when u leave Valencia out
New #StudentDiscount offered in Old Metairie. Yoga, Pilates, & Barre classes are $10 for high school & college students!
I know it ain't right.
#FF My Twitter Buddies:
Fellmeth: Today, we estimate the number of #ChildAbuse deaths at more than 1,700 annually.
hey :D
#TeamHeat RT no sir, i like em to win it all
62 progress reports on list for tonight! Anyone else swamped with paperwork?
how long have you been doing cf? I think I may join down here.
it was fun being your bodyguard today haha.
Talking with Designers from the Chicago Fashion Incubator. Kim from Isabella's is to producing Trunk Shows @ Girl's Night Out Parties.
i know
I keep hearing is awesome
Robinson is quick!
the only thing this means is you don't get to lose to the packers again
If you don't he'll hold you down and force you to drink one anyway. RT So, um, who really wants to have a beer with Mitt?
Just a few more days till Christmas break. Looking forward to having the kids at home.
I'll have to look it up!
WHAT ???? WE DON'T PLAY HEAT 2ND ROUND???
It doesn't matter, we have to play the same, sacrifice and play hard for each other
ah why cant follow me !
I like it! “: Can we change the to #rrchug and meet at a bar? #rrchat”
Who wants a ride somewhere? I own a car for the first time in ten years. And it has a tape deck!
5 good pages on the day, and I have the rest of the sequence mapped. I may write more, but I should take a walk now.
oh its ok but do you know when ur gonna go on IG again?
My parents are watching Diners, Drive-ins & Dives. I wish I had finals.
There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life: music and cats
My granny a trip she say she got jewed outta her money by the car lot! Didn't know niggas was so racist
are you performing anytime in Vegas soon?
solo mixing mission is on the go!!!..BORN WIT IT!!!!
I still like Eccelston the best.
"Sometimes change is what's best, letting your heart break, and learning how to cope."
love justin<U+2665>
where whos at ?
Like Hulk, Iron Man, Captain America, and Thor I think that all of them haha
MEEEPPPP I need an
Good point. I can't stand premade posters but the idea of wasting student work and effort is the worst part of this.
Me too.
nina's my moms sister lol
Love "Rite of Spring" one of my favorites.
New eyewear drop on the 15 so be sure to come & get yours here at Northstar mall
My OLD niggas fucked up my NEW niggas lucked up my EX niggas Tryna suck up THESES NIGGAS GOT ME FUCKED UP
This is how my week goes: Monday , Tuesday ,Wednesday ,Thursday FridaySaturdaySunday
Planet of the Blind: NYTimes: Blind Activist Escapes House Arrest in ...
RT LAPD says total of 292 people arrested during eviction of Occupy L.A. protesters overnight
Amen!! : When we pray, we talk to God...but when we read the bible, God talks to us...keep the lines of communi open
M Strawberry Ice Cream! Creamy & delicious!
Lol, it's not quite Don's guns or a car dealer, but does the Muncie mayor quality as a #localceleb?
Happy Monday! Chilly morning here in Atl, brrr.... Hope you all kept warm this weekend, esp if you went to the on Saturday!
Well, its not going as well as yours if you really got yum!
Don't underestimate the technological issues you can encounter.
Clarity affords focus.
so according to the bestie i'm a slut?? wow i have really nice friends. i mean really sometimes they are just to nice! ;)
Check out my post on Giotto's Maesta on the Feb. Art History Carnival at Earthly Paradise
If Louisiana can reelect David Vitter to senate, why can't West Virginia give some delegates to an inmate?
Thanks for the follow, do you have any good sales people looking for travel sales jobs?
Get ahead of the game- Start your degree on MONDAY! Call our admissions team at 1-617-603-6942!
YES!! Unfortunately we can't try to change what is. Work with the chips we have. I bet we can gather a team
24 hour fitness won't stop calling me -_____-
i will not be needing a ride tomorrow!
Just heard the finished first verse... Pretty sure all of Buffalo is going to "Shout"
Who R u
Family plans today. Working on designs via iPhone4 !!
too bad it's not verizon!!
If I was a man for a day I would sing every song that Thomas Andrews has in #titanicthemusical. All day.
wow... - eugene
Cosmo interview!
It's Monday Let's make it happen
First show underway. next shows at 9:30,&11:30 From The Tom Joyner Morning Show &
where are u? jajajajaja
Agricantus<---nice find, ty. try sound hound. seems to identify more songs...just a thought
Men against boys right now.
Tech museum folks: What's your web-based writing style? Trying to choose between AP and Chicago. Do you aim for consistency?
Don't worry about us yall just worry about the Pacers on Sunday..
*HELEN is beautiful(;
Picture this: ur relaxing feeling good about how ur day went then it happens. You get this phone call that shoots ur entire day to hell. :(
~ I Like Earvin and again Congratulations! Can I get One??? lol
Take a course. Pack a Gun. Of course you're ready for complexity of situations you may expose yourself to. Tell that to a veteran Cop.
Jeez here we go. is gonna come at me with his NBA stats lol. Well I love a man who knows his stuff. Im still #TEAMSPURS <3
My stomach feels like it's going to explode... :'(
Taxing the rich is so easy.....No principle is necessary.....loose the govt from any tether to law or rule. Let "fairness" be their guide!!!
Joe & Nick is trending because Demi followed them again.
All I ever wanted was a main squeeze, All They ever wanted was My cheese Adios, see you later, gone with the breeze
I call dibs! ;)
Whoever this is I just got this line so stop texting me crazy women
thanks!! And that sounds amazing, torchy's it is!! Be safe traveling!!
When I look back now, the summer seemed to last forever.
Special tonight: hoisen seared rainbow trout with vegetable casserole and portuguese sticky rice
Haha I can and I have to say it's turning out pretty nicely :)
Movesale Last2 days Bedroom Sets,Sofa andloveseats,Coffee tables,Dining room sets,HUGE FURNITURE SALE www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Thank YOU! Let us know if you need further information.
You going to make it in?
The image you use on your main landing page is truly a misrepresentation of what a real birchbox looks like each month.
it's my new favorite pic! & its clear over here...damn ur iPhone
There's always a way.
Like i need someone right now to talk to you, just a simple convo would be pleasnt
could possibly be we'll see as it developes :-)
I like your theory~> RT : I think I've cracked the code. If you have cool facial hair, you die.
me to
Cheers RT : A4 Love to make Guinness beef stew, Irish soda bread and Irish trifle!
turned 38 today and i still can't grow a beard.. attempted one for start of Bruins playoffs & i was called B. Farve
Ahh I love hanging out with my best friend and being mean in McDonalds!
Fashion opinion: Baylor gets my award for worst home & away uniforms! They deserve to lose to Kentucky by 20 because of the awful attire!
Hips SWING
it's all good that is a good way to vent I do the same.
Will you help us get more followers? #spreadtheword about the IU's Student United Way!!
know how much u suck? Amare would rather fight fire extiguishers than play in the playoffs i wish the bulls got u guys
I can't believe didn't want to exchange with his back up against the fence. PUSSY
If you do a job too well, you will get stuck with it
true, however I'm getting some serious overtime right now so It's be foolish to not go to work.
Happy hump day #chicago 2 days til the weekend? Have a birthday coming up? We would love to host it! DM us for party packages today! :)
Hope so too. And anti-inflammatory spices & foods could help.
lol yeah that one to
Thanks for mentions/favored/retweets
RT : thanks. =) u welcome
Hey pal, small world!!
Last day at the office until my 3 day vaca!!! Stoked on life.
If you don't like me remember it's mind over matter; I don't mind and you don't matter
aw:* we love you too bo!!!
Good ol Golden Nugget...love the new renovations!
Watching Wheel of Fortune because I love it!
I don't like the twitter app on this phone
not even doing my homework because I know I'll have left over time during the CSTs... ahah.
Just completed Week 2 - Day 2 (completed 1.80mi with run pace of 17:56 min/mi) of Ease into 5K with running app
what was happenin' out there?
no, my old roommate had all dvds that are out. Pretty sure that's the same as Netflix - I've seen through 6, 7 just aired, right?
going to be a laxapalooza kinda day. has 2 games & then will be playing at halftime game. woot. woot.
lol! Thank u much. Please send to friends and fam. I need as many views as possible. :)
Bluegrass goddess Alison Krauss has won 26 Grammys- she also presented idol & WV musician Hazel Dickens w/ her 2008 WVMHoF Induction Award
Goodness !!! I hate when people are mean to othe people ! >:(
So a red fox decided to try and hang out in the ring while I rode tonight. Weird.
funny how you assume I saw that movie
Sign up for the Job Center One on One Assistance this Wednesday at 3pm! Need help with your resume? Finding a job? Here is your opporunity!
171 n. wells & yes!!! RT : When are you in the loop? Do you guys have Tandoori chicken?
i knew i could trust u!!will for sure keep u posted! i hope you can make one of the shows!
APE. lMFAO!!11!! #dying It's so weird. We tweeted about it at like the same time :O
I replied to your tweet but for some reason it didn't post. I'm not in Cali at the moment. I'm in Florida.
sleep the Twiggah
Ion feel to well....
ya viste The Avengers? Que opinaste?
Dam!Cold af in my room..
call me
Pacers have now beaten OKC, Miami, Chi, Boston, LALakers, Dallas, Orlando, LAClips, and Atl this season
wide awake brown!
a little
The old gospel songs moved your spirit cause the singers were spirit filled..songs diff. today!o
Safe travels!
If you have a chance to retract a decision you just made, do it. You may not ever get another chance.
Yeah, that was it.
Great new One Book-One City prog #gulfcoastreads kicks off 9/27 with a talk by this year's selected author
Hey babies- does anyone know when the new season of Curb Your Enthusiasm is premiering?
2:30 and still up bored ..wish i was out having fun
thanks for following me. Let's stay connected. Be empowered to do great things for the King in 2011. Blessings to you!
Well, it's Friday here. I hope you have a GREAT Saturday (as I believe it is approaching) !
I'm tired but only cuz I'm bored.
Enough of all this rain. Need some sunshine. I don't even care if it's cold. It's been raining for about a week wherever I go.
eh I liked it
We're here until 11PM ladies and gentlemen! Come on by and take advantage of our 25% off sale while you still can! It ends tomorrow!!
hi! welcome :)
Looks like u had a good day 2day keep the positivity flowing it makes your skin glow Like Bruce Leroy in the movie Last Dragon ;o)
You kids and your privacy. ;)
today I worked on marketing for a Los Angeles Business
The #Avengers will probably renew your love for Robert Downey Jr. with the action and slick comments throughout the entire movie
on my way
Ugh ! I been doing good since i got here too
Hahahaha! It's alright :)
Lana! I heard was looking for that
Already March. FY'11 Almost here.
Six flags today (:
I need an attitude adjustment
My house needs a maid.
I felt the poker world itself and my perspective on it evolve just now, as I unfollowed for the last time.
GUESS WHO I'M WRITING IN THIS YEAR.
Don't forget. Today is "thank a poll worker day" in NC
dude, the trend isn't girls who eat out too much. Hahahaha
Thanks for the follow!!
If you haven't already, like us on Facebook! Help spread the word and follow us on Twitter. Thanks for your support!
Happy VD everyone, now go out and get some!
tumblr is duh duh duh dead now a days :p nothing interesting same pictures over and over :c
ms foxy
People's choice award goes to for their B+L University book
Is it true about the Fast food outlets ketchup having real blood in it? and the blood being H.I.V. Positive?
Sorry I missed you last night at TechCafe!
ha nope they are different! :) I'd show you mine.. Except I'M wearing it in the pic.. Lol
Cool, appreciate the support and best of luck on your projects too!
Who's ready for some Hart tonight? Hart of Dixie starts tonight at 9 on CW20!
My parting thought: anyone who loves learning from social media should help at least 1 teacher get involved w/it this summer.
Is it 915 yet. I wanna be off work and napping
One of the most stressful TV hours that I can remember. Well done AMC. You gave me angina.
10:30 start time! I need you!
...except to the people they happen to. Then everything seems natural, because it's what happened.
Did I say thank you for your sweet thank you note? if not...Thank you for your thank you note, Kirsty! :)
Hope everybody had a great day and had a safe and great night. Talk to you all in the morning.
This I Believe’s Dan Gediman speaks at the Kennedy Union Ballroom on the University of Dayton campus tonight at 7. Come say hello!
Just woke up! Oopss lol Feeling great though!
Midtown will salute its staff on Sat night at our Employee of the Year Celebration at Peabody Court Hotel. who will be this year's winner?
"If you find a girl that's willing to go through hell just to keep your relationship going...you really shouldn't take her for granted."
I got tickets to Austins New York concert!! Anyone else going?!<3
Oh come on bring the kid get him tattooed... i mean get him an autograph. :)
Congrats to Jenna Orr (13' Rice Lake HS) on being named Big Rivers Conference POY!!!...Should've been 1st team all state too...major snub!
I'll tell them about you guys and see if they like you
feel better ! :)
So you should have been arrested for rape! “: .'s birthday is Monday. 47 years ago I was with her on her 16th
~this happens to me all the time thank god they repeat the show like 10x during da week
i like the way says "cupcakes ;)
Since Tom Brady isn't playing tonight, I guess Chris Collinsworth will have to stick his nose up Drew Brees ass.
its all god :D for a good cause lol
Happy Holidays & THANK YOU for your continued support! 2011 was a great year for Revanew Media--it's gonna be even better in 2012!!
it's best to remember that it was originally serialized & that's why it's SO GODDAMN PAINFUL to read.
FRIENDS good show !!!
notches on the bed post
Hey, let's have some fun with it.
Had a great time at Ultimate Cage Battle last night. Thanks Dan and Nicole
Now playing Horace Silver/Andy Bey "I've Had a Little Talk"
Popcorn maker in a Dentist office?! #Brilliant ; )
RT if UK fans are your biggest twitter following
It's all about the ravens around here isn't it?
RT Get the latest information on best practices in higher ed tax compliance and administration at Tax Forum. bit.ly/ml2eOM
Congrats to all the winners of the #RTTT - CA, DE, MD, MA, MN, NC, OH, RI and WA!
I loe it when people rt my tweets #loveit !
Doc! Keep up the great and valuable work! I look forward to your tweets in my feed.
That was like a month before the wedding and in lieu of bachelor parties or showers. Middle Eastern and Greek vegetarian food & homebrew.
Thanks a lot :D
of course not! I would never!:)
Another hour to kill in the library before I record the last recital of the year.
cancel track one time for me.
Hoist the Jolly Roger! Here's to a winning season for the #Pirates?
every person I've met in Paris is beyond RUDE. I miss London and more importantly I miss home! can't wait to catch my flight Thursday morn!
I had a dream I was on and now I feel like I'll be sad all day cause it'll never be true :( lol
Playing basketball with people that don't know how to play the game is one of the most frustrating things ever
I usually do the move to the attic first and see if I miss it after a few months. Wardrobe def varies based on where I'm living.
listening to #BobMarley in the office today.
Agreed! RT thanks for that thoughtful explanation and exploration, John.
It's different every week, but always has wheat berry salad as a base. Today's had garbanzos, broccoli raab, and fiddleheads.
: Congrats mate!!! Nobody deserves it more than you!!
here works, but I'm figuring out how to get it turned on so I'm sorry til then
they should pay you for that. That's too much!
I AM <3 what's your favorite part?? (:
hahaha sorry, it's Tyler Habig . Your twitter name is a little more obvious
ha ha you were an extra bunch of spicy today!
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine ~
Having no one special to say good night to sucks.
#try a FALAFEL sandwich at A LA CART on H street NW wash DC its delicious
Only because got 'bowed. “: The last time these two teams played it went to double overtime..."
Nice! I heard that cam was awesome on the GenX, I have seen amazing stuff from the Evo3D too.. Getting better then most p & shoots
oh no. Sorry but that concerns me.
Home please. :/
It's the final countdown! So pumped for & RT : I'm at La Jolla Presbyterian Church w/
Watching the #Clippers and #Grizzlies game. My hometown better make me proud!
If you are going to play the game you got to understand the rules.
Great seeing you at the AMA gifting suites! Follow us for the latest promotions and services!
becuase im busy and am less likely to come on this account, id ask for everyone to follow and share ideas and talk to me on my personal one
There is one thing that can replace football on Sundays ,#Tiger and Lefty in the same pairing in the final round!
Can you follow me???? I follow you!!!!
Ok, Vanessa brought a power cord. So now you are free to just come by!
We're gamer geeks here too... When the publishing world gets to be too much, it's time to fire up the Xbox....
I'm gonna be honest I'm a Horan-Whore,Tomlinson-Tart, an a Styles-Slut. But I still love Liam am Zayn!
FOGC bottom might be in here...
Goodnight twitter hopefully tonight i dont wake up in the middle of the night again.. ._.
We should all be so lucky! Thoughts are with you.
Hair modeling, day 2. Live demo time!
DIY Guest Post coming soon from Spinster Jane on more fun upcycles for wine corks! Stay tuned :)
John Kao playing jazz piano - what a lovely breath of fresh air!
I haven't seen The Descendants yet, but that quote makes me want to see it even more.
waiting for my copy to come in the mail...so psyched!
Today at the Cinema, the most adorable Hispanic Grandmother approached our booth almost in tears saying how incredible Tron was! 3D magic!
hahaha not a big deal shea the dude just wants someone to call him
welcome :D i like the way she tuned out ;) do you?
yall aint ready for me n avi in the works..... its bout to get real
looking back on all our pictures and stuff, its weird to think your not my bestfriend anymore, i don't even know who you are anymore..
Add the group signings to your BEA to-do list. We'll be @ Books of Wonder on Wed (6-8) & Voracious Reader on Thurs (6-7:30).
And then, on the contrary, we have everyone going Gluten-free without a doctor's recommendation, which is actually unhealthy...
I may get angry at you sometimes but that doesn't mean I don't care .
That missed shot just made me so sad! Come on Brazil!
would love to fast forward one week
RT The back-to-front comb over: Where mullets are laid to rest.
Looking for current examples of course-specific library content in course management systems (Blackboard, etc.) Suggestions?
you should come to LA for a visit!
Thanks for the listen. And thanks for helping out with promotion!
lol nope I been in the house all day
Here you go universe: I'll work damn hard to book #Southland, #Homeland, and a multi-lettered 1hr cop drama this year! BAM!
Just listened to Lee Anne Rimes do a wonderful version of Amazing Grace. What an excellent and moving voice.
We agree - love South Lake Union!
Losing you was the best thing that has ever happened to me. Letting go has let me move on to someone new.
Only 5 more weeks of classes left. So ready for this semester to be done.
How about all of us? :)
Tight game. #LAL &
OH SNAP!
Don't let anybody tell you that you're not loved. Don't let anybody tell you that you're not enough.
My five year older party is coming up. 18 kids coming! Any advice.
Every time I watch a Victorias Secret commercial I get so depressed -___- #whycantilooklikethat?
Cookout with Family today maybe!
Who prints your business cards? Thanks AlphaGraphics Denton for always taking care of our needs! Micah you are the best to work with!
I'll try to restrain myself, but it's about t
“: I haz new avi” Awesome AVI, TiVo. What was you motivation in this picture?
Some love lasts a lifetime. True love lasts forever.
Continental Airlines: paperless boarding pass on my iPhone at PDX. Well done and why doesn't every other airline offer this?
Steph's mom arrived today. Good to have her here. Baby could come any day now. Need to decide on a name soon.
Done with work for the week and looking forward to the long weekend, and to the golf tomorrow!
C Yu live in Dallas Yu were okay today
I71 south being shut down between Weber and Hudson
This is gonna be a good weekend. I'm feeling it. Quality time with Taylor woohoo! I am seriously in like.
"In education our number-one thing is student learning." -Anne Conzemius
Smh@ Josh Hamilton soon as I turn the TV on he hits a double 2 runs score wow...
I agree
I'm watching Westworld (no relation). I think Richard Benjamin's fucking a robot.
Thanks Jason! I assume we'll see participating in ?
ever get that lonely feeling?
RT : thanks for featuring my photo on the front page!
#SHOUTOUT FOR <U+2764> FOLLOW HIM! HE IS AN AMAZING SINGER! :D
Shouts out to all my new follwers fuck wit a real nigga yall got shit yall want me to put in rotation semd it to
If I was at Churchill Downs today, I would have played a triple box with Creative Cause, Daddy Nose Best and Alpha.
RT "Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep." - Scott Adams
good luck! You'll do great!
My pleasure. Let's hope the upward trend continues!
Scary movie 2! Quotin the whole thing.
We are in a blas<U+FFFD> phase after Christmas
I seriously miss you so much ! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Especially when you have a shared love of good music and fictional stories yes?
She's a really nice girl...yeahh that's what they al say
No. 6/5 takes on New Mexico at 5:00 today at McCombs Field! If you haven't watched them play yet, you definitely should!
haha now your talkin with dwight!! and tj averages like 4 mins a game.. any more takes away from neal/green/leonard.
Tweet me on what i should do next ; talk news about... Football, soccer, baseball, basketball, cricket or others and post it... Thanks!!
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!
you talkin bout that one white bitch from upj lol
Watchinq Baby Boy. Havnt saw this movie nd Years.!
omg yea! I was planning on visiting this summer but I'm so busy! :( bc of my dad
I'm not a big hugger but I'm so thankful for all the hugs I've gotten today. Thank you everyone for being wonderful
The Fantastic Four Point One issue comes out, I think.
Craziest night of dreams ever!!! So stressful!
July 4th and a trip to DC has kept us busy. Looking to get out and explore the neighborhood this week.
): he could have came with me!
we shall see:)
ha good to know. Damn Twitter lol
Hehe, guess my future food cart's DOA. Back to my fried salad franchise idea.
We'll see bro. I can see UVA getting an 8 or 9 but if Drexel makes it I think they'll be 12 or 13. You must think they're a lock!
Tat my name on yu so I kno its real
he can't get open and is only good in the redzone. but agreed baby Sanchez is the biggest problem
Thanks for the RT! Hope you all have a fabulous day!
hahah he's a maltese! How do I upload a twit pic of him?
why is it whenever we have a conversation we always get to the topic of you know who!?
I'm exhausted from just those few seconds of Joe.
dont attack me when i come lls
Simple marketing effectiveness test: Does the marketing make you want to buy the product?
Can't wait to get out of work.
Well at least your looking fabulous!
Hubz: Can we sleep in until 10? JT: How about I count to 10 and you get up?
3696 favorite color?
If pat needs a ride. He better text me back quick. Bout to fall asleep
Sometimes, all it takes is three little words to touch somebody's heart. Sometimes it takes all 140 characters. Smile till ur cheeks hurt.
I now pronounce you Mrs. Dorothy Coconut Soup! RT I could possibly marry DocCheys coconut chicken soup.
Please pass our tweets along and suggest us to friends this event is closing in on us
Sluts need to learn how to control their WHOREmones.
Begin-Within---Your-Daily-StimuMail---A-Freedom-Prayer.html?soid=1101575136936&aid=T7lbxBdvkYQ
Christmas Eve!! What's everyone doing???
-Ty for the follow dolls, on a limit! Follow soon! xox
is Russell Allen on twitter?
Keep on rocking in the free world
May the 4th Be With You. Happy Star Wars Day!
Great meeting you today! Hope you have a good time in Miami
TSOI-NY is at Totonno's Pizza in Coney Island.
David Rothenberg will speak at the Keck Center in Washington, D.C. on Thursday, March 22. Please stay tuned for details!
I'll try! Moms making me get rid of him.
Avoid the love letter from Google, avoid unnatural links to your site, says
Adult model search message me 4 publicity PR
Everyone's had years of loving/hating aspects of Google books; we have a opportunity to start again and do it better #dpla 1/2
I know dang lol she could at least say ugly but I'm far from manly lmao
Now that he is shoving refs again, does that give us the right to call Metta World Peace "Ron Artest" again? #YESYESYES!
saw ur dad today!! And took a pic haha :)
What is that on her back? I can't make it out. Already sorry I asked! LOL!
I wouldn't *trust* Nancy Grace to cover the #TrayvonMartin case. Maybe she'd surprise me, but I doubt it...
Fewer candidates, one would imagine.
is hot ! her voice annoys me haha
Apparently other blogging platforms are considered passé or uncool. I just find the interface easy to use.
see ya tomorrow!!
gotta have opinions
We shall see we shall see my friends
R.I.P Donna Summers wow another great icon gone!
Good Morning!
Tweet me
- If Deepak Chopra Love's It...It Must Be the Best of the Best and of a Very High Level of Consciousness!
I fall all the time.....It stinks, but...I kinda get used to it.
QUIZ: Where in north slope should 4 people go to relax with rounds of 2 cocktails, 2 beers, and low noise?
Training their students on producing stories for web, tv and radio. Skills needed for converged newsroom. Like KPBS
I'm trying really hard not to retweet all of your Scott Pilgrim quotes x] but you're making it difficult for me! haha :D
Hey All #GoodAfternoon... Hope You All Have Been Having A Wonderful Day..
lmao you still gone pay.for my ticket next monthright
How do you think that makes them feel?
:) thanks did em myself
Extension is your friend!!!
Brutal game as billed.
I do too lol
Thanks for posting the link Ryan. I'll try and make it tonight.
you always stop texting me -_-t
They are dangerous containers, that's for sure.
What does it mean when you dream about someone?! Super weird dream last night lmfaoo
I can't take full credit for it only shared it Glad you liked it. please RT
The other day, Kiefer said, "Potty" while wetting his diaper, took it off, threw it away, and THEN sat upon the toilet. We're getting there.
Hope you are doing well, I miss you!! Had a lot of fun when you were out here :) Talk soon?
Thanks for the tweet!
No dinner for me.
not nigga, but the other one, that was used to label slaves and disrespect your entire culture
What's the move for tonight in ATL follow
greetings! thank you for the follow. you should also check out ! have a fantastic weekend!
sighting reported on Twitter by . No confirmation has been reported.
Chicago peeps! RT, is looking for new Executive Director. Apply now! bit.ly/rkrqC2
As you read this another chick with fake tits just took off her top for a dollar. God Bless America!
So excited! In addition to the concert Fri, we're also singing at the Honors this weekend, for the Barb Cook segment!
"if I ever get down your way, or your ever up around mine. Just sto
The elephant in the room at every organization is harassment....Time for that elephant to return to the zoo!
why won't you love me.
Pulsar Web Works is now on Twitter!
Wait, Paul George is supposed to be a good defender. Right?
": Does anyone wanna be my twitter husband ?" WHAT..... where can I get an application lol
/ Can't I be both #RobertsGirl & #AlexsGirl? Lifes not fair. .-.
Do any of you know about Rex 84?
I think a team with a pretty high payroll itself missed the playoffs 2 yrs in a row now
The question isn't who will win #TheVoice tonight. The question is what's in that cup is drinking out of?
This week is kicking my butt and it's only Tuesday!
Your saying "I wish i was her" and shes is saying "If you only knew".#Moral your just as beautiful as the person u adore
No problem..Love to check out new Seattle things :)
Left Thee Weddingg (: Now Going To Sleep Over My Aunts Housee (:
Even though were over, I hope you still care about me as much as I care about you
Yeah!!!! Simmonds scores to widen the Flyers lead to 2 again. This game is intense.
To be fair to myself, my choices were that, "Breaking Dawn," and Suzanne Somers's "Sexy Forever Recipe Bible."
New at the bar: Session Fest lager, a semi-dark red lager that's a little sweet and a little spicy. If you're 21+, try one tonight!
Steve Blake is trash too! All estrogen. Lol
idk what it takes to get too follow you, but obviously I dont got it... lololol
Dr. T of NI on secrets of success. "Nothing beats dumb luck." via interview.
What is the one #energy efficient device or appliance you can't live without?
Is it really faster overall?
If you're writing on a Saturday morning, you're winning.
True, but it seems that most signatures are based on folding a big sheet, & so are mainly powers of two. But yeah, def exceptions
its members only and because im not even supposed to have my phone <-Kelsey xoxo>
Out for pizza with oldest son Elijah dat dude me banging.
FAN--> RT : Wife of brutal Syrian dictator revealed 2 b focused on buyg jewels while Syrians suffer. How does Vogue feel now?
Like my father I feel one of two emotions: rage and suppressed rage.
just got back from myrtle beach long week!!!
Had a 'chair' totally gave out on me while sitting on it during one of SC's dinners for Parents Weekend last night.Glad I can keep a low pro
have you got any trolls talking shit about ur hoodie?
Falling asleep in the waiting room at the hospital. Feel like I haven't slept in daze
Wha to do?
So here's my summer project. Can an instruction manual be a work of art? I argue that a manual is an important part of marketing.
Who didn't love back on tv? Bring Back Ringer
u r a nerd!
"#iWantBTRautograph Follow " I need too win Ray i know you see me.
I'm pretty sure Brian Mcknight's new song is a joke....lol. A pretty funny one too..
HAHA in my eyes YES!!! =) Too be honest slacking and enjoying life... taking advantage of time with
Exactly. Anyone who says otherwise walks apart from the Truth.
Don't wanna give in so we both gave up..
It's my birthday today. Another year closer to retirement. Thankful! Things I would like on my birthday:Blazer win & great chocolate dessert
Craig T. Nelson and Michael Ironside (the best bad guy ever)
Reason enough to move back to NYC. RT Ladurée New York just opened on 864 Madison Avenue!
can't wait till UFC 126. I see a "fight of the night" for you!
Our home planet earth is a living,breathing being, we must treat her with respect and reverence.
At this point, I'm just so grossed out by all these competitions for artists and creative people.
He deserves to die for saying that.
Erm....what was my grandsons name again?
hey missy... Lets say I was going to be in NY later this summer...
all they did was replace food no management acknowledgment. when I showed cashier food he looked @ me like he dnt knw what 2 do
Facebook bought Instagram? Damn.
Brrr chilly in Dusseldorf, but at least it stopped raining. How is the weather in ROC?
Hankism #14: Intellectual honesty is to a wise man what pride is to a fool.
I need some pain killers!!!!!
senior in high school, man what can i say
Thanks for your follows and kind words
Wait...They are remaking Total Recall? Oh Godamnnit.
As soon as a girl sees a guy with jordans they jump on that ass .....smh only in charlotte
he was ghostface though! Jill & Charlie were.
thanks for an awesome message this am ! appreciate your honesty and integrity to help us all!
who were named defensive captains? (Assume Jake joins Chad)
Oh my gawwwwwwwwwwd! Forgot what an ice bath felt like...
Ah Sunday! An amazing & wonderful day that's captured my heart & more! I'd like to petition to get more Sunday in my life. :-)
I'm learning about design patterns *and* the banjo at the same time!
maybe make sense?..on off wkend of Superbowl, play the #probowl in SB host city, at a local D1 campus, ie ATL/GaTech
I literally have no patience right now. I am tired hungry and grouchy. Ive been sittin in this hot car for 23 minutes waitin on the dang bus
New Followers: Check Out #TheSportingPost Blog, preview to be written for RSL game this weekend, and follow me
What was the first GREAT bier you tasted?
How many knock knocks left?
Touch down HCMC! great 1st impression: get scammed by taxi driver 360.000 VND. thx God im here!.
Ready to watch the superbowl. Go Pack!
My day is always better after visiting Gourmet on Fifth in Yum!
happy birthday Beachbody.
More of the latter, I guess. I like Jeffs' book, but the newest edition is out of print and $70 online.
LOL! My trees are covered in butterflies! ;D
RT : Just got a full pat down at O'Hare. Tried to enjoy it but it was way too invasive. Did they go too far, seriously?
i know im just one in a million but please make my dream come true and follow me <3 <3
maybe the campaign is trying to remind the candidate to not count his money while sitting at table (again).
Not a sexy conversation - Net Price Calculators on Higher Ed websites and how they are failing
Aww ! Don't be . Come up here for the summer .
this boi right here, owns the crowne..., follow him.
When did we cross the line between "lovingly insane" to "F**INGLY insane"?
Romney says whatever he needs to in order to appease the most voters. So how do we know what he'll actually do in office?
Nashville Academy of Rock is warming up. Show starts at 6:30! Yes, I like the shirt, don't change again or you will be late!
shhhhh.... don't tell Mittens
Well I am a grad student now.. :)
Watching a bugs life!
You forget our elected officials. RT If you think poor people are getting rich off the government, you've never been poor.
Sorry for the slow response! We're working on getting tees screen printed as we speak! Will keep you posted! Thanks!
we monitor our Foursquare check-ins so we can take the best care of our guests! Thanks for the follow back!
ok mom! Who has a better grade in this class?
every follow me now!!!
you did really? Oh I didn't know haha
STAY AWAKE
Ha, that's alright. I listen to my own music most of the time anyway.
See keeps sayin it too.. like really now.. shes doin it all DEL-IH-BRIT-LEE and shiii..im done
Minnesota against BC should be a classic in the #FrozenFour tonight! Puck drops at 8 eastern
yeah of course! so wants to get to 73k by tonight. so all his fans are tweeting people to follow him! whoever ...
you're welcome <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Ohh shoot mom just made corn on the cob!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
its like $10 to get in and it's melee... fuck that
How can anyone compare playoff basketball to playoff hockey #mindbottling poked in the eye does not equal a puck to the face
Oh blah. Help! Mamas of the world. I need a new diaper bag that's very roomy, inexpensive and doesn't scream diaper bag. Any suggestions?
Makes sense. I am assuming Jeffrey got a job. I'm sad I'll miss you guys on my way to VA Beach this summer.
Keep sending us your #singleladyproblems to get tickets to our sneak preview show on February 4th!
no prob bro
y'all feeling good up there??
thanks, beautiful! It went well :^)
it hurts :(
Driving from LA to Santa Barbara. Just passed the exit for Mulholland Drive!
#iplspring ok everyone, laptop battery nearly dead, no nearby outlet, so i'm signing off. thanks for following another year of #iplspring!
Tired of getting pulled over. ! Damn
Vancouver Canucks vs Anaheim Ducks | Match TV
Eating some Lays Cheddar & Sour Cream chips.. they're freaking addictive! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
damn being a taurus sucks bc it takes a lot to piss you off, but when it happens..the shit is EPIC && fucking unforgettable smh
Watching I know your watching this !! Haha lmfaoo
Attending a production of Mozart's Don Giovanni with the Metro West Opera in Weston, MA
Grabbed a Windows Phone yesterday as a contract-less hold over until the next iPhone cones out and am quite surprised and pleased so far.
Why are you criticizing? You're not that good of a friend either.
For you babe Being very organized, #Virgos bring order in their lover’s life.
Good morning. We've got your table ready for you. Would you like a classic cappuccino?
she says hi <U+263A>
agree. And you never regret a run, right?
The Tao of Wu helps you find wisdom to help answer questions that weren't easily answerable. Good shit
I know. I'll be training and gigging for about a month...gonna be crazy!
Need a piece of jewelry or watch repaired? We have 160 locations worldwide ! For coupons visit our website www.fastfix.com
my mom has number-shaped silly bands
My thistles hurts :/
haha he almost ruined a lot of people Christmas lol
: whetstone for me doe
Great to visit with Muni- Man, joe Deane
I'm very disappointed in youu!!
a clown hooker who falls in love with a tall leprechaun and then they marry with a bath mat best man
#west #west #west #west #west!!!
This is my ONLY account... I don't really know why anyone would want to be me, but hey, that's cool if you do....
TV and Wii on the computer. Very cool. Time to play with some other new toys!
Make sure you Vote for the 4EG St. Patty's Day Photo Contest! If you submitted a photo, share the link on your Facebook page so all your f..
Oh I'm so over it I'm O-V-E-R-I-T-Z yeah I'm so over you You play me for a fool
It's a Jack off!
U're welcome :D thank you too XD
Now up: Peggy McGarry, director of Sentencing and Corrections at Vera Institute for Justice.
Hey everyone. I got hacked earlier today. Don't open any link from me today.
Two fiddy (2.50) Tuesday! Come on down for delicious dog in the sunshine!
I don't think I have ever worn one of those paper smocks at a doctor's office that I DIDN'T tear before I even got it on.
Thanks..it was great to be there.
People call me weird,they call me crazy,they also call me different but it's ok 'cause i think i like to be different.....
#sdmayornp SD has an environment, beaches, sunshine - but no environmental plan.
Waiting for Megabus back to Philly after a full day in NYC. Good time with my dad and his wife. :) They're visiting me in Philly in 2 weeks.
Im not liking this though..
Mane my nigga #steve #francis got a song out
tix to see the Cast of Modern Family LIVE at #RuthEckerdHall Apr 25th at 8p with the
I usually work on weekends as well and offer 24hr emergency service, just depends on the weather at the coast. lol
I don't want to sound like to much of a badass but... I play with the Wii strap off
fer real
Pretending to be someone you're not is a waste of the person you are.
I feel all alone sometimes......yeah And i dont like being alone ):
Getting ready for tomorrow's new client orientation!
yes boo?
May Day protests show weak US immigration movement
'You could play pin the element on the table!'
Not sure why or how i agreed to go to an oultet mall in DFW with Nicole and Ally and 100000000 of our closest friends. #really bad idea
It's hard to tell students to always be charging when you don't make sure they are able to do so.
What's up? lol
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B> I'm ready, I'll squeeze you so tight you won't be able to breathe
Oh, the Grammys are on? Goody! I've been wanting to watch "KItten With A Whip!" Now here's the perfect excuse! See ya!
Hello great people Big red ball on Sat Noght at 11/ Whitey street Hartford ct jazz and blues 2/11/12
My daughter told me I need to stop "obsessing" over , but I can't help it. He really is the gift that keeps on giving. #DUH!
Facebook I know for a fact I never clicked "like" to Neil Young.
Yeah that sounds about right haha :P
Shit like that pisses me off , I need God's help .
Now they actin like they don't wanna tweet anymore. Skip y'all. LoL.
Will be closed Sunday Christmas day, have a safe Christmas.
All sharp household objects = fair game RT Weapons most likely to read about after Saturday's UK-UL game?Crossbow. Bourbon bottle
I agree. (Because romance novels would be way too easy.)
Thank you! I made myself one that I, literally, wear all of the time. :)
Impossible is not seeing how blessed you really are.
oakland ca now Riot cops stand off with flowers being placed at their feet by protests 4 min they will use chemical agents
Pay NO attention to people who talk sh*t behind your back, That just means you are 2 steps ahead.
Happy birthday Enjoy your last bday as a Campbell :). I love you.
lol hell yea
If doesn't win #DragRace the National Guard will be on standby in the Castro.
What happened to destiny's child?!?!?
The first amendment. Read it sometime.
There's like 5 of these fairs! None of them make any sense or money. It's like A-town identity crisisness all over again
RT : Is it time to make changes? Start today, there's a dietitian waiting to help :) Happy Registered Dietitian Day!
I get off at six, but I hazzz plans. Text me, wohhhmun.
Great month so far for my company, close few national & Int'l TV deal for my weekly SDK-Strykerz fight TV show
Winter jam was amazing !!!
"Welcome home son!"
Watching some Rocky movie with my dad.
Ppl never cease to amaze. Reactions to situations are questionable. I swear I love being me & having a strong determination!!
Seriously wtf - is the new Afterdark club location next door? LOL this music is not mixing well with my Hulu choices
Good Morning to u ! Hope u have great day too!
With their sixth pick in the 2012 NFL Draft, Denver selects DE Malik Jackson, Tenn.
God will build you deep and long; so that He can spread you strong and wide.
Is this your car?
lol omg i miss you!!!!
Love refs and captains pretending they have any idea what just happened
Hope everyone has a fantastic weekend!
Silent velcro...you lucky motherfucker... #garden state
We are "stewards of the mysteries of God. Moreover it is required in stewards, that a man be found faithful."~1 Corinthians 2:1-2
What you do you think of the #Fujifilm Instax 210?
how're you?
Thank you
Did you try #KoloaFishMarket? Best in the South RT Four straight days of eating Poke for lunch. Officially addicted. Thanks
Any time I see someone driving and digging in their nose I always think "is that what I looked like five minutes ago...?"
I don't know you, but I appreciate your #hlth reporting. I wish you all well--even if your job is safe, atmosphere must be awful.
And since I made it here I kno I can continue on - Hi-ke
This Lin kid is fun to watch! All he does in Lin Lin Lin no matter what!
To be a TRUE player you need to know HOW to play.
There were TWO plastic knives in my single knife package... is that lucky? Should I buy a lottery ticket???
Tony LaRussa, the most classy man in baseball
Good luck with finals everybody! #homestretch /yd
Our Featured Gallery today is our #BarackObama #Art Prints & Posters Collection. We recently added a lot of new items!...
Since none of you are here I'm going to play my music as LOUD AS I WANT!
Congratulations to the American U Class of 2012 and Happy Mothers Day to the women in our lives who keep/kept us safe and warm.
haha... that's not what I was saying.
Does it make sense for IBM to buy Sun? Like a cloudy day pretending to be sunny it does...
Are we still on for noon today? Let me know! And, can we make it 12:30?
DID YOU KNOW - the opening round of the #NHLPlayoffs had 14 total OTs, which were the most since the record 15 in 2001.
Wishing attendees to #AAA2011 the very best! Wish I could be there. Warm thoughts for U de M students and McGill support staff too!
Alex Merg, Quardell Young, Lou Chapman from the nat'l champ MBB team joins us on #liveatdaybreak at 8:45 this AM
RT : Step out in your favorite purple ensemble and help raise awareness about domestic violence on March 29!
Workout done! Now getting ready to head up to the Nugget Market in El Dorado Hills! If ur around come by 12-2p
I need to start looking for a small bike.
is your location on 157 and bluemound Brookfield WI wheelchair friendly? Social Media Club Milwaukee meeting next week.
I'm about to take a drill to my skull so I can get that damned Donna Summer song MacArthur Park unstuck from my head
Going in and out of sanity at this hour.
Text Me!!!
Saw Beatlejuice last night for the first time in 15 years. It was awesome. It really holds up. I wanna go back and watch the cartoons now.
We're pumped for you to be here!
I noticed.
nice piece this am. Schiller mustve known how distorted the 11 min. clip was. Why not appeal to NPR to hold off on firing?
please follow me back
I think it should be an automatic card for any player who makes a card gesture at the ref suggesting that his opponent should be booked
I know you're just saying that....
that awkward moment when you go to 7 eleven on 7/11for free slurpees and there are no more...
Honestly, I think today was one of the best birthdays I've had in a long time. <3
PG tips on tips on tips on tips
“ The Saban Factor: Alabama had $124.5 million in revenue in 2011, up from $67.7 million in 2006.” and Faculty bitch and gripe.
i tweeted
NEVER KNEW IT COME DOWN D TO DIS SMH!!
A check out them tweets G!
A round of disc golf with -when i grow up i want to be able to play like him
Failed senior survey q&a's, abridged: in high school, you couldn't live without: friends (so I can talk about them behind their backs).
The Easter holiday and Passover are almost here. Make sure you take a moment and reflect before it all passes by us.
Doris Burke just said that Kobe and Bynum started to get to know each other at this yrs AllStarGame after 8 seasons as teammates
#SDschools meeting opens with some angry public comment (for a change) All board members present
Fitness consultation at #FFC involved more consultation than fitness. But leads up to first ever personal training session on Thursday.
They are amazing live! I told you! lol! I will always remember my Monkeys show too :)
Yep, he said it last time too, didn't he??
Top beauty tool - Micro needle roller . Increase product absorption , stimulate collagen and elastin for firmer more youthful skin . Use
Great food at the bbq, everyone loved it!
thats an excellent choice for a second office!
Lmbo a lot of girls were attacking you!!
Westbrook just coolin right now doe
Katy Perry on the Adidas commercial <U+2665>
Very misleading...I don't want to have to download it every flippin' time!
Stop by and visit us on this glorious, sunshiney day! Free, live jazz music today from 1-3pm, along with beautiful photography to view.
#MARKCUBAN #SKECHERS #MR.QUIGLEY front runners for best commercial
I did it!! 6-mile trail run w/ my sis! Saw 97 lizards, 6 bunnies, 2 birds, & ONE SNAKE...& I was CALM LIKE A BOMB!
Well then I've got some good news for you...
Can't wait for the summer
Ziplock reusuable storage containers are my favorite
So im moving out of my apartment in a month, and I finaly find an awesome chinese place. Lol
Ouch. A hater.
We have tried you good people of the public and we have found you wanting - R. Schneiderman Remember the Triangle
I miss Orlando already and I've only been home two days. It's going to be a long few weeks!
Thanks for the support!
I know that feeling. It might be also your subconscious preparing to leave for Cali. I hope we cross paths again soon.
whats up star?
oh, but of course. And you can loan her some boarder gear, too--have anything laying around the office that will fit her? ;-)
Oh I see, the old "it was all a dream trick"
lol ok. what is it about?
CONGRATS AUSTIN <33333 gonna go to subway and throw a party (;
My life is looking up! Im still going to have big steps to climb but we almost there... #TeamGo&GetIt
If only we got crowds like this at home basketball games...
Finally in my bed! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
I'm late to the game on this, but the video for "Lonely Boy" from The Black Keys is wonderful.
Soo.. Where in the world are you right now while using Paltalk? And do you use Paltalk Mobile when you are on the go?
You look so much better when you smile :)
I almost forget what it feels like to kiss someone!
Great words: RT : Knowledge isn't power, only the action you take with it is. What will you ACT ON today?
wow already....she just txt me back
Nothing to do and only 11?
Yep. Looking at it now. Thanks.
When are you coming to DC?! Why do you hate my city....
Oh snap, Melvin. You saved the shit out of those changes!
it is delicious. Had a trip planned to the brewery but it fell through. :(
Dear Twitter, you should get a "bitch stole my tweet" button
Makes you wonder what the other 28% of men working on Wall Street think of as their priority!
Remember to cite your sources inside your research paper! This means in the paper and at the end. This is very important.
we are playing but the CD won't be done yet. Stoked to play too.
ok ok ok here we go!!!! the votes have been calculated and we have a winner!!!
loved it! You guys looked amazing!
Got contacted from another company looks like I'm doing another show may 18th stay posted for details
Romans 8:11 (NLT) says, “The Spirit of God, who raised Jesus from the dead,lives in you.”
Thank you for being so amazing. You send me a "Books Due" email but you let me renew them anyway.
if its true its stupid
Teaching web evaluation today. How do you teach it?
Ha ha no, with an f! It wasn't horrible, though he did read the nutritional value for everything in my fridge.
rocked the tonight! Love your music C:
you at the vogue?
No I did not. I just remember my Solihull mate being a little astonished lol and saying "Er Alright America lad!" haha.
Still looking for a way to sell video-on-demand in #Virtuemart So far commercial solutions are encrypted or hack core or try to encrypt core
SUPER BOWL SUNDAY! GO GIANTS
I can't wait to get off work and see it!!!!!
Roses are red, violets are blue, we have lots of wine and sangria waiting for you...Doors open at 5:00pm...Happy Hour ends at 7:00pm.
“We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.”
Mckenna: new audiences now, coming thru twitter stream, etc. bring wider diversity of opinion and challenge journos.
I just need someone to talk to. To just help me.
This famous male pole dance instructor is coming to town, I'm gonna take a class only b.c. he and this other girl are the best ever.
Travel Alert updated today to alert U.S. citizens to potential for unrest.
follow me to0 brat
I agree! so that all young people will grow with beautiful inside and out.RT : It is time for parents to teach young...
Verdict: all ads should have cute animals.
A spider just descended in to my face. I'm effed up for the rest of the day!!!
Looking to do some design collaborations! Anyone down?
Interesting Update! I know people in Seattle would sure like to have him as a Mariner!
Congrats 2 for outstanding game. Despite elbow/concussion incident he continues to model youthful exuberance, confidence & class.
Maybe that's it. I'm on a PC.
I'm sad
Wow just about a week away until ScribbleFitz on etsy.com will be offering awsome frig magnets! Keep ur eyes open for these!
=*( That hurts & was tough 2 watch. U guys had a great season, sorry 2 see it end that way
Hells yeah! That would be awesome.
“: new york, i fucking love you...” #NYC loves u too
you can count on me to misbehave... primadonna boy...
Safe travels! I was just calling to touch base and will connect with you again soon. I'll definitely be at #Digitini!
Wow! We have reached 100 followers! Thank you for the support :)
Hoot! Hoot!
glad to see your growing up..
could that be an act of class warfare ...
Thank you!! That's a very special song, the first one created for this album. Love your pic!
On the way to #PHX airport, we had the worst cab driver ever! Drained our energy even more. Bye bye AZ
Why does report stories about washed up nobody has beens who were barely relevant 20-30 years ago??
My father, he was orange and my mother, she was green!!
Had the best weekend with my sisters and brother...just the big kids at home ;)
it's morning I want ihop
Put me on your top 8 so I know it's real.
RT : I can't seem to edit the gdoc for DH centers -- is it publicly editable? [crap ... try it now]
What merchants do YOU want to see in our network? Tweet at us the merchant name and neighborhood!
A new one act play on the way...
Casting director of Bridge To Terabithia, thank you. This movie was what, I believe, really started Josh's career.
Happy bday to my sister from another mother
The new year is right around the corner!
ur the hottest thing on twitter!!!!! Thanks hottest women for posting BIBI!!
#Herbs and #minerals are a natural alternative to fight
Mayor Gray Jumpstart is part of the solution. We need to intervene with kids early. 3rd grade is too late. The benefits are exponential.
Damn what about me? I never feel the love
We'll be sharing specials this afternoon too so be sure to give us a follow!
Welcome to the world of twitter! Look forward to sharing your weekly
Night night twitter birds lol
:D Morning!~"Sunshine!"~Hope you are doing well!...How's the kids? } =^._.^= meow!~Enjoy a purrrfect day!|;) FlashThosePearlies!
It's spring time here mate. Hopefully I won't see snow for a wee while yet.
so weird to think that in a few months everyone here in new york is considered "someone I used to know" or "an old friend from highschool"
#awkward Please don't answer. ": "These big tax breaks trickle down? Is anybody here wet?""
6 pounds down in 4 days...let's do this!
I'm really looking forward to seeing Jonah Hill star in the upcoming remakes of 21 Jumpstreet and Adventures in Babysitting.
Interesting to realize I get as much satisfaction in contributing to kickstarter campaign as to a favorite nonprofit. Prolly a lesson there.
Industry night - 1/2 price bottles of wine from 8-10pm with paystub. come celebrate the end of your week in the weeds...good times to be had
Come to Michigan!!!!!!!
Title Fight, Friends, Captain and Jack TONIGHT at Rocketown. Come sing every word and give me a high five.
#IfItWasUpToMe there'd always be something good to watch on TV...
Had a fantastic talk about the stages of life w/a mentor of mine. It's profound how we often look back and fail to look forward.
his name was Jake Reynolds
i know how much you love virginia and how you will visit me all the time :D
Ahem, what movie marathon? Easier sell if brings his lady!
I know right!
come on Kim some pics please please please :)
I didnt forget just didnt know how it would work this week...how's next Weds.?!!
Art Party TONIGHT (744 Alabama) FREE BOOZE, 7pm-11pm www.theartexplosion.com
Instant gratification w/o even knowing what you think of the photo. Quantity without measure of quality. Absurdly satisfying.
hahaha I was watching a show on my computer! So glad nobody saw me
Fine...so watcha think about this bb and 1d fight?
I paid my taxes so guys with costumes and guns don't come to my house. They'll use it for banker bonuses and child murder.
cracking me up. “: You guys. I'm thinking Arby's. Employees. They probably taste like curly fries.”
lol my bestie couldn't find hers al day and then she found it under her pillow!
I was there when Maya stopped calendar. "Hey Joe, don't u think we've gone far enough on calendar? I'm tired!
ya ever been to vegas sir.. thats my stomping ground
never cheat at all.
Simon Says get the Fuck up... N go to church.....
If a reporter visits your social media site and doesn't see an active audience, they won’t see the relevancy of featuring your in a story.
Dear Dalton, you told me i was pretty when i looked like a mess. Today was a fairytale. Time slows downn <3
face your fears. Come to the dark side. We have booze.
Four Nights, Three Venues and 4,000 Guests Later, the United Way Miami Wine &amp; Food Festival Raises More Than $500,000 ...
fizzling...what the hell am I going to do with all this food? have to eat it anyway.....stupid hurricane is going to make me fat.
Just booked a driving lesson, explaining I'm 28 & my parents made me do this. I haven't heard such hearty laughter in a long time
Thanks for the kind words!
coffee! (different creamer available on this desert isle?)
Perceive fitness to be a lifelong journey rather than a short-term destination.
RT : SaberCats recover the onside kick, down 48-61 w/ under a minute left. Cats on their ninth, and final life.
#Trivia coming up in less than 10 min. The first and third person w/ correct @ reply each win a $10 #SUBWAY gift card. You gotta be local.
like drawing stuff
hey I have a question for you if you're still awake lol
Yeah, found that, but finding nothing about the PKK al-Qaeda stuff we reported on last week. I want the whole thing
#engaged final concurrent sessions: (1) community engagement; (2) anchor instns & quality of place; (3) future of innovation economy
#stm2012 there is a current PDA/PPV option for libraries, C's get it now & many of us are using it.
lol thank you(:
Where's everyone watching the #Brewers vs. #Mets game tonight in #Madison?
New Ameritox Rx Guardian INSIGHT(SM) Report Supports Improved Patient Care ... - Sacramento Bee
thanks Danny! We are still proud of the Swim record
Tossing eggs down a hill - cause that's how I roll....
Happy Mother's Day to every mom! Whether you're expecting, have kids, or are just a mommy to pets, the world couldn't do it without you! (:
And ...... ACTION! Have a great week everybody!
until lamar is back with them its just not the same....I can't set anything in stone yet babe! Baby steps!
Thank you for the follow! We are following back! :)
Why am I never impressed by Notre Dame?
LOL : Nothing says Good Morning America like a story headlined, "Exploding rocks in woman's shorts." I'm listening ...
Jesus Christ said, 'I came not to bring peace, but a sword.
#knicks win + #Yankees win = one happy dude!
My mom made her homemade chilli last night and we had it for dinner tonight. :)
I'm excited about the new Premise #Landingpage upgrade for #WordPress. This plugin does memberships, secure checkouts and more....
Nice job to for his #sx15min talk. Plan to innovate!
it was a special meeting announced less than a day ago...
you're weirder!
nice! It's a pretty interesting look into a unique side of Amish life.
I saw a sneak preview of Star Trek last night and it was AWESOME
Christmas movies and cookie baking :) Today's a #goodday :)
You're such a Rock Star!!
Girl: Jerk. Boy: What did I do?! REALLY!. Please, tell me!. Girl: Fine. You---... Oh I was supposed to be mad at someone ELSE!. Sorry. Hehe?
oh that's a good tid bit! They claim new sizes "offer more space, greater functionality, broader range of user experiences"
Back in the office after a 36 hour whirlwind business trip to Houston. I think I could have slept until tomorrow.
no car and no seaside after prom. FML
Just left doc office for my check up
I just want to say that Fleetwood Mac Rumours album is just wow...so good. And, it was recorded in Sausalito. Just as a bonus
Wow! Freese once again
Wajcman: skeptical towards feminisms that get "carried away by the hype of cyber culture," including that following Haraway...hm
haha, yeah, at least since the Rudy Johnson days
even with the <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009A>?
I agree
Who's in on #karaoke Thursday 7p!? #Aville Come sing after work! Shirley's here!
e-mail is blessed. Red Rose/WRSU
Dear sleep, I know we had our problems when I was young... but I love you now.
You would. RT : Just saw a cute boy wearing purple jeans. Day made.
when is Celia's late night this week? I need to talk to her but I always miss her
Did I mention that my 16yr old birthday girl will be preaching tonight for her youth group? This makes a mom very proud!!
The answer to tonight's Caffeinated Quiz is ONE degree. Can you believe that small of an adjustment can make such a difference? Conserve!
There's no better time than a candlelight service to remind you that you are called to be a light to the world.
...and we'd answer the phone in shifts. I got the middle shift, because I was the middle child. I couldn't spell, but I answered the phone.
Download GayborhoodApp on the iPhone or Droid to find gay friendly businesses nationwide!
yeaaaaahhh bitch!!!! its the fuckin weekend
yep you too!! It's been to long
Good Morning! “You will never win if you never begin.” - Helen Rowland
Yes, we're based out of San Francisco. Hopefully, we'll have stores in the UK in the near future. Your work is inspiring!
Spent a full three minutes looking for my badge this morning while was wearing it. I'm gonna need some coffee.
Feeling Inspired!!!!!
see you tomorrow :)
drugs are bad.
We would also like to welcome our Legal English group to Harriet Fulbright College!
Kidd-Gilchrist is ridiculous. If he makes it out of the top 3 picks in June, there will be two teams regretting having passed on him.
I'm so excited and happy for you, Chad!
Grab life by the horns!
Fireworks added at DHSon 1/19. This should be fun!
USA vs ENGLAND... Tomorrow (Saturday) at 11:30am, come watch it live!
Q7 No! It contributes to boxing people into convenient labels. I do understand the appeal for adults trying to help kids, but no.
Cloudy morning, ah let it rain.
Now I can puff puff pass with you !!
Skipping school ! Woo
forgetting for a moment what the guru's say, is there that much of a diff between a 3rd rd or a 4th rd wide receiver?
There are no stupid questions, just stupid people. Are you stupid?
Lewis Hyde!! "Cultural Commons & Collective Being"
I create my own ritual every day for focusing on a positive state of mind. When I am disciplined, I am following my highest path.
looking over the clothes i just bought for my new sport-golf...we'll see
ha my mom called me just to remind to put pants on because my aunt's coming. wuteven.
Today is National Prayer day!
:) ok what u doing 2morrow its gonna be close to 90
What is this white stuff falling from the sky???
it's already warmed up to 71 degrees... Let's just say I was the only one driving around town with my windows down today...
Sigh. Can't argue with that...and tonight's crowd was 50% Tarholes. We'll be back again, gotta be patient.
Whatever #Salty lol
im so sad about MJ...what a legacy.
What are the types of inmates described by researchers? Explain?
At the OSU BBC idea pitch, pitches about to start
Officially: USC 23, Utah 14 Matt Kalil's game-saving blocked FG returned for a TD by Torin Harris was counted by the Pac-12.
I'm officially going to the DR this summer. Dude.
Create a VCard or Preset text with your contact info & brief introduction. When you meet a new contact send it to them.
it was in cinemex across
Hello world!
They say follow your heart. But when your heart is broken in to million pieces, what are you going to follow?
I remember when it came on, the track really "caught my ear".
#BF3 players should spend less time complaining about weapon balancing and spend a bit more time working on their aim.
thanks for the follow!:)
nope its awesome!! :)
doctors came right in, said he most likely won't win
The Boatman's Call - Nick Cave and the Bad Seeds
chubby is more of a semi-boner anyway. i call mine dick pryor
finally her old crusty ass stopped singin
At an IASummit (2009?), Christina Wodtke said that IA/UX was a dead. A good creative designs experience by default. via
In lucerne Switzerland!!! Yodel eh we o!
Spring Cleaning! What are you doing on this Saturday evening?
cause I like vick an d jax an a couple on the jets
+ the physics dorks. But agreed, such a wonderful weekend!!!! <3
making a compelling case for #VGI mapping with
Ok, we have a little challenge for you our followers! The first person to buy something from our Merch store gets an EXTRA added bonus! :D
Co-sign RT : Referees are the only ones who can stop flopping. Stop calling it, guys will stop doing it. Eventually.
New songs really soon! Keep checkin back!
Oh my geez i know i asked this yesterday but please please holler at my girl she is by far your biggest fan!!!!
Did you know that the Redskins are changing their name because it's offensive? Their new name: Washingon REXskins!
I'm 40 miles away. Just had 4.2 aftershock. It is kind of fun, in a "holy shit hope the house is ok!" way!
AFAIK, best #chatbots used to be based on regurgitating past interactions or limited subject matter... That still true?
stop holding your breath lol
Is it just me or is #ModernFamily the most consumable show in the history of man?
I think what Stella are trying to say is, 'if you drink Stella cidre, you are a knob'. Great advert if so, really pushes that msg.
Anything with tentacles!
Next week in going to springleball!
Kansas City I beleive
Thanks to all I can think about is "hey i just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number so call me maybe."
Thank you kindly for your follow,
But i still want my case of beer. Wait, you promised a keg! Pay up homie
breaking dawn was actually amazing
...BECAUSE HE WAS BROUGHT UP AS A MUSLIM...
Oo thank god he ok because if he wasnt Idk wat I do if prod got hurt real bad <3PROD<3
And you are making smart ones, really. I'm going to go play video games. Soon. ish.
They are, but this was an opener. But they crammed a lot in to 45 minutes.
nice, yea I do.
yeah that will be hard. Good luck!
Awesome I have runny nose -.-
Good Morning amaor have a nice day <3
Can anyone in LA direct me to a hair-braider? I'm done dealing with this mop
Yu can take it how yu want to sir lol
I would be content being a professional errand runner
A real man doesn't want a woman that has no future goals
Thanks for the tweet Monique
outclassed, outsized, overly radiated but not outscored. What an upset from the Japanese women's team in the world cup quarter final! sugoi
A fantastic class w/ at tonight! Lovely to meet her. But now I want some southern baked goods from !
I'm in a horrible situation the man I love abuses me
Looking forward to the 3/9 show!
RT Wake me up when September ends is an amazing number.
no you don't
THAT BETTER BE A AIRPLANE NOT RAIN, or eles I'm going to Mexican on you rain >:{
yessir. I've been living in LA for the past month.
. says Google shouldn't have monopoly on "Human Knowledge Project" and regrets lost opportunities b/c of G Books
pssst! can I order lunch?
I don't think that there's one person with working eyes that wouldn't want to see the rest of that picture.
caro said next time she might need some chula vista soccer boys to help wash the car<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Sometimes a person leaves, the time goes by and all that will ever remain are THE MEMORIES and all you have to do is
central library. the children's room has a Lego table, a train table and it's free!
Her wedding is in costa rica....and she just rescheduled....everyone already bought their tickets....that's not nice
The way to my heart!
Welcome new friends and ! Have a great day~
Shawn why did u say why
so I have to work tomorrow- but you can attend a fashion show- record release party I am working and then I am completely free.
#HappyMothersDayMotherMonster happy Mothers day!!!
I'm predicting at least two clips in "One Shinning Moment"
Cleaning up the storm debris...
"Little help?"-Mike Smith
Waaahhhh gonna miss !!!!! Congrats!!!!
Well it's true I have welcome Seattle back in my life
Our first week of summer hiatus...still gonna say it...Happy #Fringe Friday!
Thoughts on where Lakers stand post-trades? Surprised by Fisher or right move to avoid drama rest of season?
I prefer "The Imperial March"...
Happy Birthday . Thank you for being one of the best human beings out there. The best guitarist. Happy Halloween.
Happy Friday, Feast friends. Get extra green this weekend - Sunday is #Earthday! So much nature to appreciate here in
That moment when u wish somebody would send u a text or call n ask how u doing, or wats wrong, or talk to me, spill!!
Damn you Kevin Costner.... you had just one flipping job to do!
Won our game, 64-6 (: haha we smoked them :P
Maybe I should schedule myself a task to "have fun" tonight
Good Sunday morning! Locked into on via "WGPR Hot 107.5 Detroit" App for Android!
and a giant "West side!" to that! lol. (aw man, I've been up too long!)
Thanks bro!RT:The homies from my town#HTown are killing This stage! Much love my dudes!
I'm not a normal teenager. I don't smoke, go out partying every night. Instead I fangirl over a guy who doesn't know I exist.
Yea me too, Playing the WPT at HR today and wake up at 6am. WTF
Haha my friend showed us his baby picture today, hilarious! :D
Definitely. When I saw those prints, my eyes bugged completely out!
I still need to get mine pulled...
If you could have one date with Austin what would you do ? :)
I don't like oil here or there I don't like oil anywhere. vegaspressurewashing.com
I'm planning to. Waiting for registration to open up. I need to learn some things from you.
deuce I love u
thanks! We'll try to get video up quickly
December 11th "Live on Stage" with at inside 4519 Santa Monica Blvd (via )
So mad right now that i slammed my door
Camel shorts & Chucks. All talylored out today.
Any chance you'll be in Colorado sometime soon?
Wit my ninja just herd DA new joint wit classic.
need to get a new hat soon !
The harder the battle the sweet of jah victory. - Bob Marley
A note for everyone of us... RT What you've achieved is what you've allowed yourself to achieve. Now, allow more.
Untouchable burning brighter than the sun, now that your close I feel like coming undone:* I absolutely love this song!
I gotta be in and out.
A recent supports pre-roll’s popularity and reveals that women have a significantly higher video completion rate than males
is there a cheerier euphemism for "asking you a lot of questions" than "picking your brain"?
Even on a stool I wasn't tall enough to get several rows of folks. :(
still recording sir, haha I'm gonna drop it in June tho!
lmaoo I should be in their advertising dept
I was telling Zoey about Nick Mara(She dont know him)and she said"omg you two have a lot in common, you two are meant for eachother
uh whatever major loser.
well deserved
Can't believe it's taken me this long to buy a pair of TOMS. So in love. <3
Paul supporters, Democrats pissed with Obama, Independents & Youth will never vote for Romney, and he NEEDS those groups if he wants to win
Have fun at the prom don't dance with any dateless girls!!!
thanks for the retweet! hope things are going well
Please be careful! You are making me nervous! Going to see The Vow tomorrow. LOL wish u were here!
Thank You!
Are you a boob? Cuz you be hangin'
in camden, nj also???
When you know you love someone, it breaks your heart when things get edgy between you two..
Nope! It's not going anywhere. I use it too.
I can try lol.
We hit the studio tomorrow morning to record our EP! It will be released on June 28th on Itunes :) .. get stoked , studio updates to follow
thank you:D
Happy Sunday - be kind to your skin today and do something special to celebrate you!
An amazing undefeated season for the UK men's tennis team, resulting in a regular season SEC Championship! GO BIG BLUE!
actually I did win a spelling b
it is the most difficult thing in the worlld right now to be strong :-(
No worries - great seeing you last week!
didn't know gif boom was connected with twitter... awksss
moderating a fantastic panel of emerging #cloud technology vendors. Excited to hear various viewpoints.
I just wish they were larger. They are the smallest candy bar ever
Minnesota should roll today in a big way
sometimes iam in the mood to tweet sometimes iam not
i don't want to see or be seen by straight people
I hate all the girls I like.
...And get a better case too! LOL
any bacon beer left?
That awkward moment when you realize 10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Bob Hope & Johnny Cash. Now we have no Jobs, no Hope & nNngggGgg
Bored:P just sittin at a car show until 11pm cus my dads car is in the car show -_-
funny, I was going to ask if I could use some of your old SCUSA posts in a painting, guess its back to the old drawing board
I do like the way my wiwt pics look on there. much more convenient than tumblr.
no:p I'm always on my phone haha;p
No school, lets talk? my t.v prod. teacher is going to rip my head off
Going to the movies tonight. I'd be lying if I said it wasnt for the large tub of extra-buttered popcorn.
guess I'll have to buy a new one. :-)
Yoga time
"sometimes I lose sight of what this means to people outside of the Coolidge world"--Natalie Randolph, female football coach
I am also hooked on Sea Salt and Vinegar potato chips...No way can you eat just one.... YUMMY
I hear ya @ the irish friends comment. I'm just tired of getting pinched everywhere I go because I don't have green on.
Lou Williams? Or should we say, Lou Tomlinson ^_^
Top of the morning twitter!!!
cuddling > wrestling > kissing > hickies > lip biting > hand guiding > a little aggression > moans > grabbin R-T
Bath Bombs are like giant alka-seltzers for your bath - they swirl in your bath while releasing scent and softening the water.
punta cana in may??? U down?
LILI artifact: DONE. XML project: DONE. Twitter paper: ...less done... 4 more days.
a great opportunity for reuse. #highline is so inventive. This will be a tough sell outside the city.
la la la not listening
have helmet; always use it!
So we clear...#lakernation will fall Tonight (Bernie mac voice )
Hey, guess what?....i love you!:)
yes keeping well. Spent the day with mom, relaxing in the sunshine. A little crispy in the shoulder area, but that's ok. ;)
hot chocolate(:
can you call the Bungals and let them know they must sign players to field a full team?
by the way, sorry to see the Bulls go down tonight. Rough loss.
It's another day in paradise.
Thanks so much for the RT! Have a great day!
Visionary: look to the future jauuuh | NGENESer: see jauuuh into the past .. Hence, reckless confusion. retweeted in english!
So happy #tedxusc is ending with Reggie Watts!!! Awesome!
So I got home almost peeing in my pants and I couldnt get it because there was a freakin praying mantiss on my door & I was scared
Everything that could go wrong at this training has happend.
I had a successful practice in Orange County, but now I am ready to take over PDX - any advice?
#primFTISLANDNYC We've been tweeting for three hours! Please come to New York <U+2665>
Great meeting you. Wonderful convo. On personal and professional brands/search.
Hey Janet! its good to see you tweeting again! tweet more often! lol love you! =)
i need to eat something amazing.
18 papers graded in 3 hours; 10 minutes per paper. Not too shabby and only 10 to grade by 11 am tomorrow. Off to VB game.
new and exciting community offerings coming to mile high heels, inc. are you on board? have you friended us yet on fb?
Also, some of my prayers for my friends were answered: a mom got healed, two girls get to see their family again, and a boy got set free! =D
Oh nothing, just being the web version of a Nosy Nancy/Bossy Betty, reporting bugs and usability issues all over the web. I CAN'T STOP.
This movie we are watching is so boring
no way. White pepper flavor
Chopping my hair off.
Hell yeah RT : The posse' needs to do it together, new date?
Saving Money Through Magazine Subscriptions | Gossip ...
What would u choose, if only one, to hear, see or talk???
Navigator still has some clear advantages over the Escalade, namely the function and operation of its second- and third-row seats
havin a great night
I can't believe it..... He was also a good guy.....
Thoughts and prayers Chris. God Bless you and your family brother.
Team Khleo Follow Friday
~ of course who can top that!
I think everyone's the jealous "type". And if you say you aren't, you lyinnnnnn
Shout-out 2 how u doin??
I'm finna set sum shit off, if dats regarding to me
Hell, we'll hold a bake sale ...
There's a place in your heart where no ones been, take me there
I want to take one more stab at crowd funding, this time with custom art card sleeves. Which service should I use?
Are you interning during your freshman year?
It's not about having a perfect relationship, but it's finding someone who matches you and would go through everything without giving you up
And ... the vacuuming is done, too!
Dear Austin Mahonee, i believe you suck butt! Goodnight and Sweet Dreamss(;
Watching Sponge Bob
Quite unfortunate, but luckily, this sort of thing happens every year :)
I guess but I dnt like oprahs ignit ass <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Driving home from late gig rocking my bro Adrian Blu Ill Street Blu Vol 1: Ballad of a Man. 'Thinkin 'bout you make me feel alright...'
Cannot believe I missed that one, almost added M.C. Hammer's Rap from the Adams Family
Pretty much the best easter ever! But I have to wake up at 6:00 tomorrow... <U+E408><U+E421><U+E13C>
because siri will not understand him
RT Your capacity to grow determines your capacity to lead!
I promice you Id love you<U+2665> And so did you..but sadly yet you lied</3
Going to be the best weekend ever! Saturday is the The Darkness concert, Sunday is the monster truck rally!
Successful authors have a vision, and they dream to build the vision
That sounds like any other Tuesday.
I was disappointed it was one of the Digital Campus pieces they paywalled -- & will be republishing it under CC-BY in 29 days.
in sorrow will you partake of them all the days of your life;
that stresses me out! We have to put our big girl pants on now!
Don't compete with something you can't handle.
RT : Proud have such strong support—have outraised every month this year.
If only I had one more hour of sleep...
you're welcome =)
Omw to the gym . Niggas about to hoop
welcome! ha
Don’t just keep clicking ‘mark as new.’ Make a decision on that email – even if its to delete it! #TimeManagement Tips
Record Store Day is great, but I always wished it'd start a year-round trend so the stores could stay alive. RIP Atomic Records
Hush I'm trying for it not to take over my life.
IMO, this is a very good idea!
Nothing left to do but the beat it up dance...good night my beautiful wifey!!
Does anyone have a pen for me? I need a new favorite. Preferably blue ink. Please make sure your logo is on it. I'm at the studio. Thanks
#thingslongerthankimsmarriage Star Wars
Thanks very much for the MT! Cheers, Conor
There are no great limits to growth because there are no limits of human intelligence, imagination, and wonder
Follow us on tumblr! Coloredpt.tumblr.com. We post updates on rehearsals, stories that correlate to the show, and much more
Guy behind me: "OPB"
Ha! Applies there too!
You're so very welcome! Enjoy your new pretties! :)
Done with my work....now I want to talk to him
ESM "...not a session to get your real cool software to think for you..."
#Music does something to your heart!
Holy crap. Adrian Peterson gave 1mil to University of Oklahoma. I need to be his friend since he doesn't like money apparently.
Taking a break from scoring animation to study some #looneytunes shorts on DVD in music-only glory. Milt Franklin is my man!
Red Hook Battered Shrimp & Fries $7.99 are the special at SSC in the Arena: come in and have shrimp & watch day 2 of Madness on Big Screens
Totally concur.
Christmas is fast approaching, and we have Gift Certificates! Come down to Anytime Fitness Freret to check them out!
BAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAH FAIL(x
Funk Fest 2012 - JACKSONVILLE Ticket Blitz TOMORROW 11-5pm.Buy 2-2Day Passes & Get 1 Free! Athlete's Foot on Normandy & Boutique 3:16 on...
Hey - sorry for the delay. I've been in China for the past three weeks. Back now though. Let's chat.
Thank you! I apologize for not checking in with before writing that ;-). I'll definitely take it into consideration.
I LOVE MY NEW CAR (:
thank you so much!! :) be on the lookout for some new stuff!
Eminem killin it :)
My brothers neighbors friends are hot. #SadFace .
good Thursday morning!
yea I think so, I haven't been for like 4 weeks and I need some notes lmfao!
Thank you so much!!
RT : Can you all shoutout Mrs. Okeef-Boettcher, Awesome English Teacher at Rufus King IB High, changed my life.
Set it on the ground at the driving range. Can't golf for shit. Ended up missing the ball and completely obliterating my phone.
I'm making a list....
yeah we should jst make poster and put them around town lol
Just followed you!! Praying for you!
thank you u too!
Me too RT : I wanna see parker give cp3 buckets. Just cuz.
For all the media hype surrounding King Sveum's bunting tournament, Cubs pitchers have been abysmal at sacrificing so far this season.
thanks for the RT, that little doorknob is so much fun.
tattoo? Girl stop!!
It went well actually! The earthquake hit not long before it began, which dropped attendance to about 10. Perfect workshop size!
So excited for GARY HALL, JR & GAIL DEVERS on being inducted into the US Olympic Hall Of Fame! Fingers crossed Jenny Thompson will call soon
« #Brewers need a win tonight to set a club record for wins in a single month, and have the right guy on the mound>
Headed to #ssfmatchmaker, the play that inspired "Hello, Dolly."
Thanks for the follow! I hope you enjoy!
is that you??? Livin life on the high road huh, literally.
wow thanks so much! I will check it out
haha, word!!! That i will =) when you in Dublin next? Im hoem in two weeks, we should go for some beers =)
wanted to point out the typo so you could fix it: book not boot??
problem is we need common values to exist as society. Used to be biblical values here until it was thrown out in the sixties.
Feeling a little sneezy this afternoon; tis the season, I guess! But still, I love the Springtime and it's almost official! Yay!
Step one: Take out homework. Step two: Reward self with two hours of internet for making it that far.
The office is literally flooding from all the rain!
I can't wait! :D
With Sunil Mittal, "as entrepreneurs we will eventually fail because we will always push ourselves"
hey<3 good you? awww i aint beautiful:$ u r!
better not be late for our date...
Hey guys follow he , he's a boy belieber
College coaches know a highlight video is a necessary recruiting tool to get the best players for next year & beyond
you are amazing Dylan :) Just forget them haters! You got talent :) and don't let anyone tell you different :)
yes yes yes. We must. We must tal about how smart and awesome your kids will be and how mine will look like Tom Hiddleston
You hitting the bottle early today, Warney? ;- )
perfect! if GM Bree is there she can help you with the VIP rezzie.
The explosion in tonight's workout was spectacular. Making the game easy!
I would shoot a momma deer and let the baby deer live, jus like on bambe
For one thing, for Republicans to be able to say they can adapt to the future, they would have to fully embrace science.
Lets get it Grandy
Congrats on your 10th birthday ! Like indie films, boutique wines are made by people with a passion for their craft. Salud!
Can you no longer book austin mahone for stuff
no...we'll be drinking...i mean talking about that in a couple of minutes.
In VIP at Buddha Lounge! Mi-tyme Now!
Just updated both my Macs to 8gb ram and OSX Lion (finally)
Thanks to Tia for guest hosting the show while I help get our home ready for the holidays. Best wishes for a joyous season to you and yours!
A beautiful morning in NYC
i would appreciate a nap at this current time
Make sure you tweet at us and include #BellAFB to be entered!
I sadly watched it in the theatre when it came out. we picked out winners back then!
Family dinner nite. Drove the convertible from Palmetto Bay 2 South Miami 2 eat at the Big Cheese. Using our Miller Deal discount.
And tht was referred to my mother
Don't allow the Christmas rush to keep you from spending time with the "Guest of Honor." Focus on the matters that matter most. Blessings!
Congrats to Ed Breslin (LA Office) who closed an O'Reilly's in South Carolina!
I was irritated a long time ago with yours.
colbert report with my baby in bed x) mad full dukes
:D I'm so excited for today!
Thanks for the Mention Rosanna
I haven't tweeted on this account in FOREVER... If you need me i'll be in (:
Oh, no, there are too damn many examples of unusable racks. Smugly justified in this case b/c asked yesterday.
Good god those new unis are underwhelming. Sure, the Ducks take it too far, but these ... meh.
My mentions are dead
Praise Jesus!! Illuminti.
I spit unnatural shit
got any winners for me?
fun at the Meet and Greet :D loll
The Community Times now has 120 FB friends!
I wrote the numbers down but will wait until I see you next and we can find our fate out together ?:^D
because they didn't know what they had. Now, he'll be front and center.
Really though... This new album is too good! Can't stop listening!
Same to you ladies! RT :
congrats to
Have you already taken your holiday decorations down? If so, what’s your method to keeping things organized?
I need this to be over
dont you hate when you get that itch deep in your ear and its like almost in your throat but theres no way to scratch it
Thanks to for the delicious Sweetie-Licious pie! :-9
RT My bottle of wine is waiting on me to get hm...--smh.
I'm not a betting man, but odds are #karoakeRuss sounds better
between 2nd and 3rd street on walnut
it would be awesome to be friends with they are so hilarious i love you guys
user experience chat: thursdays 10am pst. join us and pass it on!
Awful. Absolutely awful. RT : Police have confirmed Junior Seau committed suicide.
I want to read, but the link goes elsewhere.
lol I got stickers!
Kaleb Canales spoke one-on-one with Michael Berk after tonight's #Blazers win. We'll have that for you tonight on Sports Sunday.
It sucks having to take this test -.-
omg this is ridiculous. Kreegee, try sending your part of the story to someone else.
I did!! Like a couple times! They obv. Don't wanna talk to me! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
First Beezle show in 3 years. Done.
Dear Women - The truth is most guys are assholes; the trick is to pick one that makes you happy enough to overlook he’s an asshole.
is the man to watch.
“: "Quick, everyone act natural!" *Everyone strikes the most un-natural pose ever*”
I'm doing a tech talk @ 11:15 (you're on a panel then). I've got a WOW Bite @ 1:45 on soc. med do's and don'ts...
soon hopefully! Getting to head in pretty soon!
unprotected my tweets. let's see how this goes. the world needs to hear my genius.
I need my privacy..
Bad enough watching fall show trailers. But does ABC have to precede theirs with commercials? I'm hating it.
Being true to yourself can help you find the ones who are true to you.
Would rather have beer in a glass. RT We've got beer in the taps and Etta James on the jukebox.
Thank you! Hope you have a good one too
Bitches will always be bitches. It's your choice whether you keep them in your life or not.
Walk softly and wear a bright red tie.
Please exuse my French, BITCH.
Singing at the top of my lungs to Shakira is always fun.
Not even hungry.
:) Congratulations on your tweet--and your book!
I want to go to there, it looks so classy! RT Racine's Hob Nob offers modern supper club experience bit.ly/pGFw7w
Chris Brown, take the mic OFF!!! You're NOT singing!!...
Momentum back in the hands of #MichiganState. Probably for good.
They do that when we're away because they are trying to pick up our scent and figure out why the hell we would ever leave them
i wished you were here, too, Pavement or not
Every time you click "reply all" a kitten dies. Just sayin'.
I could be your girl girl girl, girl, girl, girl, bi
Original kings of comedy... Hilarious
i need a acting/modeling gig
"Ya know I have te serious case of the munchies. What do you got?" 'Cheetos' "AWH, Thanks man!" 8D
I think in 99.9% of the world that's a marker of poverty and a sad lack of access to birth control.
I KNOW!!! My schedule suddenly imploded. I wanna get back to it, I'll be knocking at your door soon
me too, but when u know ppl u get to try stuff. I only ate 2 slices. Lol
Headache and hungry but I'm ready for this lecture with
Was gone get off Cricket plan and go back ta Cincinnati Bell but everybody keep complainin sayin Cincinnati Bell keep takin they money
Have u entered 2win a free TShirt from on r site? www.knowledgesafari.com Seamless, tagless, super soft
MMG about to kill it this summer..
The technology is just a tool that makes the projects move more smoothly-principal
Hye soryy, I was organizing my notes for finals
You're going to have a GREAT TIME! Don't forget to tweet about your performances!
On the plane to Aruba. Beasley and Boca Mike are in my general area. Somehow I feel like Beasley + Boca Mike = , right? Make sense?
America's Game I meant, of course.
why is Lionel keeping your man on the bench???
which regal
I hate crying. :/
We only get away with what you allow us to
how many daddies do u got in that picture? ;)
talk that talk to me, boy
Happy cinco de mayo me and my mom are both blacked in different bars it's the shit
Remember the 15% #discount is good until tomorrow. Use code NEW12 during checkout for any product. Hurry!
Hey , I better see you running up the hill with a Wazzu flag!
I promise I would love to meet "Hayden Panettiere" one day, the love of my life! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
#ItHurtsWhen spell check try's to fix my mistakes but makes the word I wanted to write to a completely different word.
Cold morning in Nola
Much love sir, much love.
Painting my face while having a headache , not fun!
What are you doing for your birthday?
RT : #Scorpio's have psychic power. They often find themselves using their intuition to predict things.
lol growing up! Have fun :)
I'LL SHOW YOU THEN
Do you like it?
Also if I were Loki I would have used my magical mind-control stick a lot more.
Hey,bitches,what R we doin' in this fuckin' place?
Thank you for the follow back!! :)
la rosa de guadalupe!!!
Though when the summer comes back in your mind the waters of that waterfall would explode as you wonder if the great foundtion of your
hey there :) how was your day? :)
Billy is a caca.
waiting for to wake up<<
after i read that, i looked at the tv & saw his face omg he does
George Zimmerman: Will Trayvon Martin’s parents meet him?
Diff is indoors and private vs on street in full view. Legal 2 record anything on street. Ethical breach 2 broadcast.
You would follow me. You would.
WATCHING COMEDY CENTRAL RIGHT NOW WITCH IS REALLY FUNNY
finales de mayo. cuando vienes a Miami?
I haven't played my guitar in a while, I'm definitely gonna break it out for a sesh soon!
Always use shopping for the holidays as an excuse to shop decor stores
aerosmith is going on tour!!
Blah; off to personal training
well said!
Money Mark!
ha! opened email after I opened Twitter. priorities. will talk to fellow
around 4 I think. but none in the bottom
u there
We sell our dreams and our potential to escape through that buzz, just keep me up, keep me up, hollywood here we come.
If u can follow me on twitter, retweet my tweets, @ me! But cnt speak in person! Just dnt follow me at all!
Yup. You'll like this: my official job title is Menu Maven. I edit/compile/rearrange catering menus into one system.
oh hell no you just not called me a fatass! efff youu >.< & you're not gonna eat it so why waste it? (x
I was just woken up, taken to a place for 5 minutes, did nothing, then went back to my house #wtf >:(
#charger alumni strolling in now including Very touching moment right now.
You know you're an alcoholic when you make statements like "I thought mixed drinks were just a lot of different types of booze mixed up" lol
That newly installed car seat has freaked me out twice. Thought somebody was in my backseat in my periphery.
“: So, what did you think of the 4 Way match where one man grabbed a TNA Contract?”the best match so far.
Does that make you 'pro biotic?'
Today's Birthdays: Singer-musician George Johnson(The Brothers Johnson) is 59.TV personality Kathleen Sullivan is 59.Actor Bill Paxton is 57
I use to see love & approval when I looked into your eyes.Now all I see is disappointment and disinterest. What took my place in your heart?
Yay! Score one for me. ;-)
My life is great ..I wouldnt change anything
today ima twitter freak cus it seems like i been tweeting all day lol
My obsessiveness exemplified: Currently looking online for an image of an 'A' baby block 2 print b/c my son lost the 1 from the original set
Did you make that? It looks good!
I have one and it helps and it's worth it. You'll use it after just today too
A challenger appears! fights the Pheen, for proper capitalization, & grammar!
are you behaving yourself tonight?
third year as a chiefs season ticket holder! Chiefs fan for 21 years strong! 12-4 go get em!
Who's the 13% of Amer adults on ?? What are their demographics & how does this become important for understanding Twitter?
that's a fantastic point. so much goes into beating those teams, they just had nothing left.
thats the only way to do it kid.
so whatcha up to
got myself $3.52 and i'm cashin' out, I'M CASHIN' OUT!
RT : has arrived in Hot'lanta to spend some time with the fine folks at
-12 degrees in Breck and tons of snow! Can't wait to hit the slopes for the first time in the morning.
getting excited about Beirut concert tonight at BAM
When gets all his hair chopped off...
Wanna go back to the days where there were no worries.
RT if you are done with finals!
Goodnight! Conference tomorrow! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Beautiful morning
hey waz up thanks for contacting me on modelmayhem cant wait to work with you when you come to miami this month .....
I almost typed in my IPhone passcode into my microwave. -_-
Great writes today with and :)
Be back later! I have a National Honor Society ceremony in a bit :D
I LOVE GOD :) “: (I LOVE GOD)send me this words in your own language...I RT every reply...Thanks <U+263A>”
Relax, don’t do it, When you want to to go to it
Yeah. Our talk yesterday was really useful for us. We would like to interview you sometime next month for a video podcast.
Flower. Obama. Cheerios
Thank you all for attending wednesday's meeting. Come join us next week for our guest speaker Roger Story, 6pm in the Lyles center.
Just got a new watch at the Fossil Outlet store! you were right! Great deals!
: Is same as Semiprecious Weapons?
One waits until one is indoors, if one has any sense.
work is literally making me crazy today. counting down.. 64 minutes....
Why dont you help your dick get out of dehydration and get it wet you fucking virgin.
Tonight, we play Otto's in Dekalb, IL and we like it. Dekalbians, we will see you there!
and we would love to do a badass remix, srsly; interested?
Travel Tip#8: Bring a corkscrew. inexpensive and really improves the view from your hotel, beach, etc.
“: Not gonna lie, it sucks that I feel like I have to pay 50 dollars just to go see some old friends.” <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Yo Pierre no problem. Aye it's just a game though
I really hope Apple will augment the capacity of App folders or I won't be able to fit all these new official apps in "Trash"
Romney was a bit of a bully. Obama was a dog eating coke head.
Looking forward to meeting up with folks tonight to discuss a space on the north side. Join us if you're interested from 5:30 -7pm at ON.
Today made me sleepy.... So that's what I did... Literally...
Has anyone read any good dance books lately? Send me your recommendations dance twits!
I don't think I have the patience to wait 20 years for this baby to be grateful for me changing his recent stinky diaper!
Hi! Where can we see how much has been donated? Thank you! cc
thanks Latara, you are always a much-welcomed guest!
Really? I hit 672 followers and it goes back to 666? Why!?
This Iz Who I Am!!!!
im very thankful and very blessed. Idk why but good things always happen to my family....
wait... who is Kino and where's Pixel?
i love this song
I LIKE IT LIKE THAT.
what time?
So...ask yourself this...Do you feel lucky...duck?
MY BRACELET, STICKERS, AND SHIRT CAME TODAY. OMG. AND MY SIGNED POSTER CAME 2 DAYS AGO!!!!(:
Bring in 5 non-perishable items to Liberty Tax Service on 75th & Capitol Dr. Milwaukee, and get 50% off on your taxes.
U love yo damn sharks lol RT : sharks n bring me some
Told Yall Metta was a huge difference maker. Defensively Turnt up. Now tonight gotta limit KD to 20. And Kobe gotta lock Harden
PRIDE...DIGNITY ...AMBITIOUS....CONSISTENT...DREAMS...GOALS
League is "WI Indycar Fans" at indycar nation. Deadline for st. Pete picks is 8am tomorrow.
yes. Expensive habit.. I can't wait for the day that I own my own espresso machine.
when white or mexican people try to "act" ghetto or hood that #irritatesthe shit outta me just be yourself
Thanks to everyone that came out to Addison's solo show in Concord Saturday night! Next DFTO show is coming up later this month!
At the moment National parks are included within a city's recommendation, but thanks for the feed back, we will look into it.
then again im goin to a community college but ima get a car first so after i get a car ima visit
Don't like paper cuts? Try getting a foil cut.
BE YOURSELF EVERYONE ELSE IS ALREADY TAKEN
Oo ok hmu when u got.some time!!.
Meeting on today: 1) 2nd Unit, 2) An Oscar worthy short, 3) Film that will shoot this Spring in North Carolina.
So happy I found my iPod
What, no watch party for the NCAAs?
U/D Haines - Fully involved 1 story vacant warehouse. Crews fighting fire from outside.
Gonna be an awesome day here in TN for my short 12 hr stay. Playing some lead guitar with the crew in Lebanon TN then back to Lex-BH
One of pauly d's friends on the new episode of jshore had madisons shirt :)
omg I'm sure! I can't wait! You should have a southern food wedding!
seems like a great way for central administrators to see #teachers daily needs. Maybe doing it on a district level's more feasible?
I followed!
Ready to leave and go home
« Psychology is the transfer function between reality and perception.»
Im sorry for not watchin the show in 10 years and forgot the name a little bit -_-
grow a pair. It's been a week
I love the idea of creating new habits - especially those that are hard to master
Express Auto. Moved to the 'burg on a Sunday. They were closed. Owner picked up his messages and came to our house.
Careful. Bad grade don't=bad kids. He's a legislator not a teacher Attendance is a prob he can help with.
NYC the real deal. Love this city. Can't wait to get this restaurant open. Two says to food trials.
Put A Condom Over Your Heart And Fuck That Nigga's Feelings Like He Did Yours.
Excited about dinner tonight ... was amazing and I'm sure we won't be disappointed tonight!
The Fraternal Order of Eagles, an international non-profit organization, unites fraternally in the spirit of liberty, truth, and justice.
If you're near Four Seasons on Market st or near the foursquare offices take a photo and post to Earn cash :)
i just have so many fucking feelings thank you #glee i love you
Are you having fun(; we aree
I have a cool little bracelet now! Lmao. That hurt but I feel better (I feel like that doesn't make sense)
#ASAHQ ASA Continues to Urge CMS to Make Changes to Meaningful Use Incentive Program
Have you written your own material to release another music album?
you're welcome! Look forward to your tweets :)
Same bet amount as last time?
My left arm is literally throbbing fromm anthrax vaccine today. WTF
Squiresquad We in here like my weave lol make sure yal tune in to channel 4 sat. at 4pm for another episode of 5star talent s/o to
nice to meet y'all in real life. Restless Wind is our new favorite bar
In GA to photograph projects today and tomorrow. May have to spend the rest of the weekend fishing. Or in the Smokies?
Sittin here gettin tire fixed. Then tannin. Would love to do dinner or lunch with a friend. Stupid work. Takes all my friends away. ~pout~
Damn nice block from Lebron
yesterday my friend & I saw a guy that looked like you! We were gonna run up and start singing 11:11 then saw it wasnt you :'/
what are you up to?!
no believe it or not!
Bought my mom tickets for mothers day hope she enjoys the game and her earrings :)
Impossible Germany is my favorite Wilco song.
some ppl can do the unexplainable
y dnt u pay me a visit it seems you're bored
Single again
my favorite story of yours ...an that's saying something
yeah, that line isn't going to be used against ND all year ... Thanks Carlo
Taft looks like Mr. Quibbly in the #sketchers #commercial when he runs. Only he's not as fast.
I don't see why i worry about you anymore. It's useless.
good morning to all snapback heads ...
Come on, who cares about the Steelers/Browns game!? Go #Broncos!
Walk round the neighborhood left me lightheaded. Warm hats disorient me - can't hear, feel boxed-in. Cold makes my legs numb. But now, fire.
Yes!!RT "Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none." #quoteshakespeareday /
Thanks for listing me, Katy!
I covered a lot of ground this morning, but the kids are up now. Grading while Dora's on the TV is a little harder! =)
Thanks for the follow! and ,
getting a job yaeeh :)
is now booking June and July!
Alternating between high-intensity and low-intensity cardio has been shown to torch more pounds.
but if u love them u let go and maybe fate has a plan for her in my life
#SpringBreakToDoList shows shows & more shows! #thesmashbrothers are performing live at the trocadero in Philly on April 11th! Come out!
Yes! I'm in if you are. Luvvvvvv Fido! You started something!
“: My 5.5yr old boy just rented one of his books to his 8yr old sister for fifty cents. #buddingCEO”
I THINK YOU SHOULD FOLLOW MY COUSIN <3 SHE REALLY WANTS YOU TO FOLLOW HER!
Countdown: 3 days until Jason Wu for so excited!
ahh, lol, just about the same here. :) nothin too special yet.
im doing good just tryna network wit people such as yaself
Going to bed before 10 today. I gotta be up at 4 am (way harsh) to work a farmers market.
How I love roses, and here they are, in my own backyard.
Visits to Revolution Brewery, Cubs con, and Hannah's pretzel good start to the weekend...
I like how when you farted you looked back at Yoda, when everyone looked at you.
#649 - The amount of people who came to hangout last night at #GWU #FreshmanFeast! Can't wait to do it again
Good Luck!
Very cool! Getting ready to pony up ;-)
yes sir
yeah i know about ms streams... I fux with her.. we tryna get her in Pumps and punchlines also!!
Good to see you today. I forgot I even booked tonites L
Feels like 1994 when both were in the playoffs with good teams
I got my ears pierced when I was 17..I cried too
Hey thanks for the follow, your #beats are all through knockin all over my
We got to spend money to make it...
im not like that im very nice to people
It's 4:30 am and I cant sleep. Catching up on twitter. I abandoned this account for too long.
You Control Your Destiny, What Are you going to do with it?
“It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge.” Einstein Let the teachers teach!!!!!!!!!
Hey! To everyone following me (or anyone reading this): tell me about yourself! I don't know many people on Twitter, but I'd like to. :)
uh oh, should I be afraid?
Hi!! I hope your having an awesome day! What is your favorite Ariana Grande song? I absolutely love her style and hair! xoxo <3
This guy obviously knows very little about USC and our footprint in the community
Monge final. I am going to be so constantly exhausted for the next week
well why you pick that I live in fucking Oklahoma I cant go to the damn concert #WangoTango Im starting to like you less & less
If you wait to start your kids in kindergarten until they're 8, they really seem to excel at sports.
you gonna make it to KS to see our mutual friends Abby and Eric get married? It will be a NYE to remember!
I was the same way but you never know! :)
i use warm milk and honey it my be something is bothering you or something at least that's what i heard.
At the soccer game. Afraid I'm gonna fall back off the hill <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Ending my freshman year with one last class, I kind of wish he would be lecturing.
Black helicopters over the capitol
if it's who I'm am thinking of, you better make sure he stays away!!!!
absolutely yes
#sorryimlatebut #beer isn't going to #brew itself!!
Haha, excellent point. Although when you're talking about teams as bad as the A's and the Mariners....
and the lose is to the best NFC team on the road. Guess the season is over for the Pack now.
oh 4realz dass crazy ; where do u work at ?
Exclusive opportunity to purchase iconic NYC establishment w/air rights-approved plans to build luxury condo. DM for info
YOU CAN SAY THAT AGAIN
Let us know if you have any questions. Thanks.
Guinness is always god! :)
The Inuit use refrigerators to keep their food WARM.
I feel like the season just started.
How does not have Helvetica as a font?!!
lol! Oh yeah...guess we didn't think about that...thanks!
I need a big dinner, but hey there's nothing to make a meal out of here.
alright in school.
<U+2666> Thanks for the follow. If you're looking to change your life like I was here is a free $50 gift <U+25BA> {link--------------
Muriel Brandolini the artist wants conceptual integrity.....wooden eggs hanging on bedposts? I'm mulling that around....
Please follow our companion twitter account, , for all the up to date news and info on DUI, DWI and reckless driving! :)
In an effort to maintain political correctness, the day after Thanksgiving will now be referred to as African Friday
hey what's goody
Real eyes , real lies , realize .
Send cards with heartfelt congratulations. But then again, i didn't get anything for graduating college and still lived.
Thermal Panel | House Mouse Living
Haven't tweeted from in a while - Follow me from now on for best in music, travel, festival news and general goodness
Sounds delicious! Thanks for your time.
I bet once i fall asleep ill be passes out...
There are way more hipsters at the Ballpark than there used to be. By that I mean, there are exactly three.
The simple things in life.
Ah, they'll probably just replace him with some guy who's better. RT
Created Using Android's Pic Paint
"There is no right in acting." - Frank Langella
You should come back to Tom Browne for 8th!
Hey girl... you rocked when we wrote the other day!!
bein not hi for too long makes my eyes hurt
Order deadline extended thru Mon to include payday for this San Diego-based economical food program - menus online www.thetreasurebox.org
Can you say Glacier #hike?
its my birthday and its almost over all i want is for yall to follow me plz alex and austin plz
Didn't you know everything is better in #NY? #Rangers, #Yankees, #Giants, bagels...I can go on and on. :)
I noticed. It made me lol. My step-mom thinks I'm insane.
nite doll. have 2 get up early to work.
For as bad as Neil Huntington is at finding hitters, he equally brilliant at finding set up relievers.
RT : they jus called me.. My tux is ready as well!
your mom and my mom pick us up after cause i dont wanna take the smelly bus
I just love seeing my dad ... Lololol jk i hate him .
word. Keeps them busy between fights.
Flipping and twisting into the pool without being hurt. FALSE!
Hanging out with and completes my life:)
-_- Well We Know You'd Suck At Sucking Dick.
“The earth has music for those who listen.” ~William Shakespeare
Everybody deserves somebody who makes them look forward to tomorrow.
My nephew is adorable! Love u Declan!
If I really wanted to talk to you, then I would....
Thanks for the RT, Mary. I hope you got the Roddy Doyle reference.
our honor to be a part RT : We are so happy to be involved, thank you for your leadership in the community.
This should be a great weekend to get out and #stayactive!
Alcohol may not be the answer, but it sure helps forget the question.
Happy star wars day!
It was very cool. Love the concept of your blog. I'm a busy "someday novelist," so bite-sized prompts are great for me. :)
In Durban, South Africa headed to the valley of 1000 hills, then to a Zulu village. Exciting!
over time I learned what kind of guy I should not fall in love
When it rains it pours..
hey check out , I created a directory of all the best tools that i keep updated
Of course I will, darling! You have a lovely weekend too :)
Red pepper flake to the eye. Win!
Horses weren't really built for swimming with skinny legs and all. And what if a shark had caught up with it?
Being married is like having beer on tap in your own home
goflgybkkbhuh i want to sleep <U+E406><U+E023>
Why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? Breasts don't have eyes.
We just booked 'Water Drops on Burning Rocks,' 'The Crying Game' & 'Aimee & Jaguar' for Fall. Spread the word!
So. Bright. Out.
Thank ya for the rt :)
Na' long story... I'm overcoming a stroke.
Enough drama for the day.
Fuck niggaz will always show themselves - no need 2 point them out
I feel the need to dramatically cut my hair now. brb
I am currently staffing an exclusive oppty for a PHP Developer in the Seminole County section of Florida. Let's talk...
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us. Without their great talents this would not be possible!
That'll do it for the Caps.
haha... It rains a lot here too, but i think its just cause mother nature hates us
You know how long it took me to get a rough take of every Saturday Morning beat? The same amt of time it took to make the last tiny tweaks.
Just a lazy day today. Might even watch some football.
our friend who is going to perform a show at WCG 2010 is performing in PDX #pdxevents Nov 11th check out Sink or Swim on itunes
Just had some Chinese food at the wok inn
- now #4 in the world and the top-ranked American in the world. Amazing to think where he was 4 years ago.
Have you ever met Fionna?
Trust me it'll be okay
Genesee sex resources needed for city hall fight could be used elsewhere
Scottsdale is HOT. Awesome party. fun crowd, and amazingly nice service
Thinking about klout, github, and other APIs that could be applied to large data sets of scholarly info. Brad Allen/Elsevier.
thanks pal!
Can't wait to see your face son!!!!
Are they chanting Dre Kirkpatrick for the Buccaneers? Wouldn't be the worst pickup.
Cure for tryptophan induced comas - Chocolate Peppermint Shakes & Smoothies at #Burgerville Buy one get one free today only!
I love watching athletes do stuff normal people can't at the olympics. I love watching dance their faces off for the same reason.
you're on my "I love you" list!
listened to Richard Tait (Cranium inventor) talk tonight about idea generation at UW, really inspiring
If you ever need anything please don't hesitate to ask someone else first. - Kurt Cobain
thank you sir! Much appreciated!
Thank you for installing confidence in today's youth. Her new book, 'The Drama Years,' was on NBC today
So glad I stayed up this late
girl you just graduated last year
You've practically made a career of it.
Go patriots ;)
guess I'll see y'all wen u get bac
I put, everything by the door My family lay down for the night My children were scared and were crying So I told them I'd leave on the light
lol! I don't come in until noon. I just got done working out
What ever you want shawty i'll give it 2 you <U+2665>
what's the name of the video?(:
: Oh, I'd love that. Sounds like an open invite to me. We'll make it happen. ;D
Looking great! Congratulations!
Bro'n out watching blue mountain state. Funny show!
Waiting for my Droid to charge before I go running. How can I run without JogTracker and Pandora?!?
Can the #Blazers please have a good draft this year?
Ordering cat's Maalox. Seriously.
haha yea I get out at 3 :/
I've heard this rant many times from Soren over the years. He's always on point. Maybe the #Royals should start listening.
sarah connor chronicles then sleep
Cases require very close reading. They are complicated exemplars designed to challenge thinkinig of many concepts.
great! See you then!
I share the love but there IS such a thing as too much gold lamé. Even if it comes with a Lanvin tag
I mean I'm skinny and my parents' food doesnt make me fat :D
Have an awesome Wednesday :)
yeah i noticed that earlier, why did you lose it?
you weren't kidding... that is an awesome wallpaper background image!
Great to see ringside! #boxing -ms
I sent you DMs. Please read. I'm completely to blame but it was not intended. Sorry.
Next time you are having a bad day, think of those 33 Chilean minors who were trapped for so long but stayed in such good spirits. Amazing.
so many prom pictures on my facebook newsfeed...
The 8 hour plane ride was HELL. Tiny seats. Everyone packed in together. The dude next to me kept ignoring
how's life treating u
Already planning my new years bash!!!
On plane watching a woman read a book on her Ipad. She still licks her fingers to turn page.
Boredd as fuck :l someone should text me, 'cause I actually get service!
What a scary moment. Someone jumped in front of the train. Luckily the person is ok. Train driver braked extremely hard.
I've slept at The Lighting Field & searched for the lines of Las Vegas Piece. Can't wait to complete my de Maria trilogy !
I really really really want to, but I'll be coming home from a road trip then. :(
Hey, comic book shops. If I'm not following you, slap me in the back of the head and I will.
I saw it when it was called YOU INSTEAD. It was cute with great music, but I honestly didn't think it would get US release.
Mel Gibson, Jews, and Power - Tablet Magazine
I love assignments! I have no trouble being productive if someone else tells me what to do: 4 Weeks to a More Organized Home: Assignment
you're probably right.. #stupidbox lol
Zeus tricked, betrayed, and then ate Metis. She still managed to birth Athena while inside him, who then sprang from Zeus' head.
Tell them you love them before it's too late.
If Game of Thrones starting season two tonight is an April Fools Joke, someone will pay.
How so?
that's disappointing. I don't think I've ever had a TJ rose. My go-to rose is Mulderbosch Cabernet Rose. Under $10 & delicious.
“: BYX SHIRTS ARE IN!!!! Come find me and Robby in the SUB If you want to buy one today!" WHAT HE SAID!!
Rehearsal is fun
am I just a tweeter to you? :'(
I like it, it must be a newer model visor. BMo won't have to worry about it fogging BUT it won't protect his schnoz either!
please follow she is you biggest fan!57
I'm off by 9 but w/e... my 1000th tweet goes to :) he's the reason i created a twitter, and I'm still hoping he'll follow me.
Follw #UWSMPHIC as Med 2s work on integrating healthcare and social media all day today.
thought I was dying today. like this was it. for real.
Congrats to for being drafted to the Houston Texans! You made it(: ; miss you <U+2665>
Get on the list for Lottie's new year's eve bash w/ MC John Keister, and killer music w/ Johnson and The Hot Spots!
grab and hung me on your wall with ur arms, dive on my wet pussy
thx for all the support. finished with doc. no surgery! just physical therapy for a month. not even a sling to let the world know i'm hurt.
How sweet, teaching them young that life is a just one big crib cell and drugs occasionally. Miss ya.
not being able to go to a concert/ the concert you're suppose to go to sells out
Get me out of this house!
Thanks! We had fun putting it together and is a great partner to have. Have a great weekend!
you should drop Just sayin'.
I wanna take a hot one now =P
Well No sleep tonight!
I might regret this, but all of the sudden in-camera digital B+W feels more fun than fiddling in RAW.
You know very well that college is many times better than high school.
I know its appreciated so I'ma forget the other bull***.
Anybody want any suggestions on some tv series to watch online? I watch quite a few ranging from anime to sitcoms to competitions :)
lets take over #twitter brah
I thought it was interesting, if only because it shows the shrewd political side of Alicia that we don't get as much.
"The days will always be brighter because you existed." R.I.P. Joey 5-5-06
Good advice for anyone, truly. RT please don't pee on yourself
you deserve every follower you have. :))
Just made an old family Mexican dish passed from my grandma to me
so um just to tell you that kiss on your prof. pic is foooo me ;D
Failure is not fatal, but failure to change might be. John Wooden
Mera && this random dude in my mentions are funny! Lol
Trailer Park Girl Hoodie
And sorry folks, now jumping off! I'll catch up on the conversation later - happy holidays to all!
I was trying to get him over to the darkside. *wink*
Eating breakfast at Wilma's Patio on Baloboa Island with 13 other Earwickers!
I did 8)
You should get on warped tour like last year.
; I appreciate and love my mother for raising me alone and helping me with my son. She's the best!
Just learned you can break to a Pink song... I won't be trying it.
I have lost my voice. 5 days incubation period means I'm coming to look for whom ever I came in contact w/ 5 days ago. Run suckas. Run!
RIP the great trombonist, arranger and educator Bob Brookmeyer. His music and his influence will be sorely missed.
I see great tweets – sounds like an amazing conference! Another conf you might want to check out KISSpdx event for women
Quote of the Day: “I feel that books, just like people, have a destiny. Some invite sorrow, others joy, some both. ” - Elie Wiesel
"Better watch your BUTT ED!"
thanks for the info!
Breakfast burrito asap.
Philadelphia police have arrived at Occupy Philly's camp at Dilworth Plaza.
Wasn't that fan interference even worth an argument from Showalter?? Seemed pretty obvious to me.
#MKTG118 Find and follow & - Tweet with mention & about something positive related to MATC
I don't need you to tell me how good my fucking coffee is!
Came across an enormous sparkly, copper-topped building I've never seen before in Sioux Falls. I feel like the entire final season of Lost.
Sounds like we have some GSM interference on the mics
Pinto beans are a great cholesterol-free alternative to meat. If you have high cholesterol, try a bean burrito instead.
work with LMNL forcing him out of the XML space to find new possibilities and then returning with those new possibilities
What's up my little boogers I feel like I haven't tweeted in a long time !
Sex in the lounge gurl I'm gonna take you down
The phases or stages of thought correspond to the purposes of thought. These are: analysis, formulation, and assessment.
ur awesome and u r deff not anerexic anyone tht knows u knows tht u love ur food lol haters these days(:
"There is no reason not to follow your heart" - Steve Jobs RIP
i was hoping i'd click on that picture and she'd be in a birthday hat or something ;)
promote promote promote, thats the name of the game
I feel like Alex Smith. Two months into my internship, my boss leaves. Two months later, my next boss leaves.. Perhaps they're scared of me?
FYI is hiring 2 interns for Marketing, Social Media & Fashion blogging! Let me know if you know anyone! :)
and in the order they won the cup... what are these playoffs
I blame the other person.
I miss when I could say "I love One Direction" and people would be like "who?"
I'll get readyy let's chill right now ^_^
I have a cold. Ugh.
and their Greek brother
I takes me longer to get ready for a carwash than a normal day
I adore you........ You're so incredibly amazing and beautiful
We will be closing for a few months...if you would like to check out one cool underground venue. Do it within the next two weeks!
Where is the NY date? I assume you guys still have more shows to add for later this month?
Was jus outside wit tisha & shawn , they bout crazy
Thanks for replies and inspiration today! Goodnight!
W-Limo launches 10% HOLIDAY DISCOUNT starting today throughout December. 847.655.2559 for your discount! ANY RIDE!! www.w-limo.com
time for a long winter's nap...
thanks for the RT's!
For now, I find the conflation of Google Docs with Google Drive confusing.
Which ones? Can those with pink slips or their STUDENTS have "happy Friday"? #LAUSD Rescind, fire "Social Media" job.
RT : "We are meant to be in relationships with other people. It gives us meaning. We want to be part of a connection." Brene Brown
Nice day at the Getty Villa. Lovely museum, and the "Aztec Pantheon" is a great exhibit for all you culture vultures out there!
Here is all the Info for the SECRET SEMINAR on Friday, for entertainers looking for Labels, A&Rs and diff connects in casting. ....
Try the Apple Cider.I'm pretty sure it has real apple in it, and it's delicious!
Freakin love the guitar in your pic! Holy shiz!
the Wugazi album is quickly becoming my go to for background listening.
Looking for a 35 year old Hispanic Male #Actor in #Tallahassee area for an upcoming role! Know anyone?
*sits in corner* can't put on a dunce cap cause I just did my hur =-)
just read your smuggling...it's great until you get caught. i'm addicted also just like u r. excellent.
Roommate's comment during Breaking Dawn, Part 1: "There sure are a lot of Volvos in this movie."
I don't blame Liam for having a man crush on Taylor Lautner. He's a sexy dude.
I love to sing!!!
thank you!!!!
RT : Everyone is fucking annoying. Hope they all get in a bus for a trip and it catches fire.
Thank you dear
LOL No...not rrreallyyy...I'm just tired of the bs.
Im so hyped for this draft its not even right!!! Im gonna go ahead and hope the bears find a way to get 2 first rounders. No pressure phil!!
if you were asked about "application of metadata to the virtual world" & you scan books for a living what would you think it meant?
Steak and spinach!
At home bored lets talk....<3
Pulled my back doing dead lifts last night. A humbling experience that not everyone has the same mobility as I hobble around my house. Ice.
Me neither. It's not a good way to engage about anything when it's not necessary to use that language.
There is a certain joy in watching a match where you know that you personally could have done at least as well.
I doubt it - it's a dumbass move by both sides. KY needs to play the IUs, the NCs, the KUs, the ULs, the UCLAs & the Dukes.
Thomas Sowell, Foxnews, says Herman Cain is "blacker" than Obama. Wonder if MLK ever envisioned a day when a president wasn't black enough?
Wow. I always imagined it as completely fictional.
what's in them then!?
50 cent right ???
Happy to! Looking forward to connecting. Working away today as well, plus class. :)
instead of this morning, I think I'll be in this afternoon.
Cabin in the Woods was awesome.
I never wanna see you crying, I never wanna see you suffer <3
seems like we are tweeting each others thoughts tonight!
Read my mind... Yup dats right!
I'm failing English woo!
No question here, I got the President's back. I support the Affordable Care Act.
What's everyone listening too?
But I can't blame you baby, it's me that's done wrong, cause I broke the skies that shine above.
ann thats the wrong usage of the word their/there epic fail
if you love Christian then follow for amazing tweets & facts about Christian
#truth RT Listened to the Adele record. What a lovely album. Damn she can sing...
Happy he's happy RT : your thoughts Montel Harris' dismissal?
"NOTHING has ever worked for me. But FINALLY, I found a weight-loss pill that WORKS. All Natural, Safe & Effective" - Your Weight-Loss Coach
Tweet tweet tweet! (A voicegram)
You cannot plough a field by turning it over in your mind.
Thank you, much appreciated!
Great to meet you Lara! Looking forward to hearing what you're up to...
Even with it being a rainy day...I am so grateful for today...and the simple joy it has given me.
It's nothing short of amazing how much better electric shavers are in 2012 than they were in 2002.
Went to Water St. for my report tonight. It was my 1st time there on St. Patrick's Day. When people are drinking & see a news crew...wow.
In Seattle
follow us please !!
Reunited with & <3
Hey - help me get sold on tweeting - imagine all those golden nuggets!
Progressive #Democrat in Virginia? Live in the 7th District? make sure to follow , candidate for Congress!
just finished their simply amazing set here at
RT : Leonard Cohen coming to #AUSTIN! What. Seriously, this is good y'all. On Halloween nonetheless!
Questions about the services we offer or dentistry in general? www.kravitzdental.com
Can't wait!! “ is on fire! "By The Bar", "Burn" and "Amen" #May7Dreamchasers”
I don't know if you remember/were aware of Dan Savage being a racist, sexist, transphobic and biphobic asshole.
The Kentucky Derby Is coming up? #ineed2keepupwiththetimes!!
really interested in promoting engaged pedagogies - Academics partnering with people outside in workplace through interns etc.
;O we needa spam him when hes on again :P haha
The President is catching some shit
#AmatuerHour: MT : Latest numbers on #Mifflin2012 are 282 arrests, mostly underage drinking, trespassing, and open intoxicants”
that's false just last night on the Louisville game they said Rick pitino is the ONLY coach to take 3 different schools
I'm still tight about my ribs i want the dog to suffer now i wanna crytho
haha y'all retarded... that shit on her right hand & bird finger.. calm down
Thanks for the recco : ) - following & looking forward to keeping up with what's happening Great stuff.
#FALALA is #AMAZING! YOUR #AMAZING! I LOVE #UNDERTHEMISTLETOE!! best album
oh, I see. Nice game, man.
Help: My name is incorrectly being indexed as "Marlo Dell&#39;Antonio" due to the apostrophe in my name. Can this please be fixed?
Ha! Whered he the blazer? #menswarehouse RT Hershel looks mighty snappily dressed for the zombie Apocalypse.
What was the best thing you tasted?
Kidding aside, good series. Pens need more grit and fire. Add in offseason. Find hungry players. Need 1 or 2 D men imo.
love u
A life worth living is a life worth recording. ~Tony Robbins rt
idk if that will catch on lol
Do you ever talk to your stuffed animals?
Bumming it for the OAA's tomorrow.
it's going to be long one! shooting time lapse all day and all night...and tomorrow? right back into the same!
That's what happens!
If you believe in a drug free home and want protect your family through early discovery you need to follow.
I love the kindle app on my iPad. But it is amusing when i have to stop to recharge my "book".
Columbus Furniture Store - Sofa Sectional Sale - ashley sofas
The #snow is really coming down; I hope the shipment of prizes for the #hunt doesn’t get
We're glad you were here.
you are a bad friend. You never come to our shows. <3
Beginning of 4th Q. Too bad we can't hear the band play victory at sea because the score board blasted music at the same time.
Looking forward to Pins, Pints & People at 's 2nd Anniversary on May 21st
Tweet #StudentsSpeak with your age and amount of debt you're in already from an education. Mine is...
no hands <3
Now errbody wants a damn hologram smdh...
No, actually I was just filling in for Elfman on that. Not on the dayclub beat just yet. :)
thank you captain obvious
In a really good mood :D
Hey Let's Follow Each Other!
What do you all think now that Timeline is active for businesses?
Tomorrow's WOD at is gonna
When life gives you a hundred reasons to cry, show life that you have a thousand reasons to smile.
Im about to be up editing pics all night lol.......
To keep your pet from using your carpet as a toilet again and again, you need your carpet cleaned extremely well.
it's good I promise
just said his biggest frustration in teaching is kids not being completely bought in. No goals.
Merchant advances up to $1M easy qualify 95% approval..contact for details at 888-819-6660
I'm penniless buy happy.
Of course none of those things happened! She was quite happy in your arms. I know Jack is jealous.
I've been fucking sick since last week,ugh.
Love is always subversive!
Tickets still avail for ASMAC's Holiday Celebration & Benefit! Also benefits LA Jazz Society-Dec. 6- For tickets/info: www.asmac.org
the stupid micro sd card broke!! it still has some good games in it though.
beer Olympics.
“An ant on the move does more than a dozing ox. ” Lao Tzu
Just installed Tor...and now Google thinks that I am Dutch and want to see my weather forecasts in Celsius.
Italy, I'm in love with you.
Tomorrow is going to be a long ass day, gonna literally run around town
"four year strong album, bottle of mountain dew and I'm ready to dick this essay. If this cunt ever moves the bus towards my uni that is."
wish i could share with ya, but I don't think any of this will make it out of my office!
I hear you busted out some SWEET moves on Friday!
How do I get an EHD?
Julyan did awesome out there tonight I am glad I got to see him play on the big stage. Hope you see the pictures soon too
That quote = EPIC
Very poorly! They've been all boxed up and stacked in the hall.
is not your problem nasty ass
I hadn't had fun in years... I live in Baltimore.
When Monday Night Football is on, people take a much longer time to get to the door for trick or treaters.
yeah fucks with school not these boys
Since it's Cinco de Mayo and I don't feel like leaving my apartment, I'm just going to have Mexican food delivered.
Brees is picking apart San Fran's secondary.
Also, stay tuned for pictures and a review from our last show with Elephant Doorstep, The Roxy Gunn Project, and AEthereal!! <3 <3 <3
just pronounced thai food "thigh" food and asked what it was....
Accident @ WB Beltline on ramp from Stoughton Road
Thanks for the follow. What kind of writing do you do?
Epic basketball games in S'Port last night as TWU prevails in 3 (yes 3) overtimes against #6 LSU Shreveport. Rams come from 18 down to win
CANT WAIT
Are you standing outside our house?
#Seminar was wonderful. Really great theater. Performances very nice especially Nicely done sir.
RT "At the to see Front row, baby!" Have a great time tonight, Paul! Should be fun!
That's the truth RT Steak ain't right without the A1..
lmaooooo I'm so stupid ahaha I literally peed my self laughing but wait the were here in miami wa (liam and miley)!? Lol
<U+2190><U+2190><U+2190>Has NEVER seen ghetto stories
it's a fair amount of work getting a new computer from factory defaults to how you want/need it to be.
is so damn beautiful<3
it was great to see you and be bad minglers together! Even if there were no mummies. I guess there can't always be mummies.
"Going to Walmart, yolo" yeah. Not sure that's very 'yolo'.
whoa chill the Fuck out don't tryna start no shit u can't finish
how long you in socal?
Mf's Lame as hell nowadays & this city is boring as hell..
It feels good having a day without your phone ringing every two minutes with a Bbm
I lovee it when white people try to speak Spanish
haha hot to trot. Isn't that a saying or something?
better than any recipe I've tried in the past
good seen u to bro. glad ur feeling better.
Good parties this weekend! AND Lady Antebellum next week wants to sit and eat and watch the concert with me?
ewwww I think I just went straight!!!
Had a feeling that it was going to be tour footage
WWU prez stepping down in July. Search committee interviewing Pr Bryan of univ church, Dave Thomas & an assit vp from Union.
you're in 8th grade you probably already have skin cancer, you drink every weekend, & you look like you're 20 #GreatAccomplishments!
schooled JR
Only support he needs is prodding to come clean about what really happened. The guy is a coward & murderer
Guess what? There is such a thing as preventive medicine. Don't wait until that pain is disabling, make appt. now: www.drbradfarra.com
thanks for the follow. Looking forward for your tweets
Back in Connecticut.
#What2ChainsWouldSay Tity 2 necklaces , 2 tone fur coat lookin like byson, 2 fruity stones in my ear makes ya girl wanna bite it. Mike TYSON
No, does not want to be in your mafia family. We have our own...
Will BEM be giving a seminar on Google+? Thanks!
Don't let these Twitter players mess up your flow!
watching the rock on WWE.
You want what you can't have
Why was 6 afraid of 7. Because 7 8 9!!! Damn, y'all! R-T if you get it ;-)
#ohio does it again! Off to #ncaa #sweet16 after beating south fla
Sporting a dozen jealousy-boners over this twet
Would settle for the Dad though. That is a somewhat humorous role. I think.
HOW ABOUT ME DADA?
#first40songsonshuffle 19. Ass Like That - Eminem
Singing the national anthem for a grade school bball tourney today. Yeah i'm big time. Haha. :)
a fast driver.
Karaoke tonight at loaded slate and at vintage!
Pumpkin soup, cream biscuits, brussels sprouts, sweet potatoes, green beans, mac and cheese, cranberry sauce. A very veggie thanksgiving!
Just bacon love my friends, bacon love.
Working on my line or Organic Soaps - simple ingredients - why? I got tired of store soap...ingredients I can't pronounce? Nope no more.
if someone refers to monona terrace as 'the terrace', they're doing it wrong.
especially when it's something I make :)
awww man. we're in different time zones RT : Well hello there vacation o'clock. I've been waiting for you...
i was just holding my bunny and i thought of "i like girls who eat carrots" -
...And we're still here, but we are still working on switching our site to a more user-friendly model. Happy Spring, almost, and stay tuned.
I have high expectations for the next hour and a half of my life: Will Ferrell is the guest host on SNL.
I could use some wine coolers right about now.
It's funny how we as people always think we know what's good for someone else.
saw your bio & thought "I only know of one Cushman that would follow Rog & is into dirty art." It's a small venn overlap.
i wanna learn a thing or two lol maybe wat u think
LICKER album listening party date announced later tonight! ...Hopefully
Besides, its easier to smile than frown.
Oh pedicure, how I needed you!
RT2WIN CONTEST! RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to see & at on 4/21!!
#Nw The temptations.... CLASSIC
Good plan!
#RIP #JuniorSeau... #Football says thank you.
Straight pull emmmmm
followed!(: hope your day gets better
En la escena wants to know, what country has the hottest beach bodies?, send in your favorite locations
class it is
Been looking for my navy tank-top for the past half an hour amidst my dorm room packing chaos... I'm wearing my navy tank top-_-
cheer up buttercup! :)
I won't let you close enough to hurt me<<<
Just trying to grow my small company in the worst economy in 75 years. You?
Right back atchya!
Also, #FF because I'm happy to finally "meet" someone who loves pizza as much as I love pizza!
Free Food,, watch www.downow.info watch "Welcome" enroll www.dowsite.info my contact #'s on site, 125 leads per week !
I hate when my mom makes thing more complicated than they are -__-
enjoy your week of fun in the sun
Taking a study break....
Early 90's club music. oh, I wish I was a teen at that time.....
Looks like MSN & hotmail are currently blocking ALL emails from those with AT&T or Bellsouth accounts. Thanks a lot, spammers!
my friend doesn't think british accents are hot......... such an indirect to zayn maliiiikkkkkkk. but she's crazy.
In-store demo today from 11-2 at the Wylie Wagg Arlington location! Come see us and be sure to bring your pooch for lots of sampling!
RT : Big Redneck Vacation returns Wednesday June 6, right after the CMT Music Awards. They are going to England!!
yes sir, just did...
Mighty Tanaka X Verge Art Fair: Artwork will include pieces by Ellis Gallagher, JMR, Skewville, Veng RWK and others. www.mightytanaka.com
Congrats to Andrew F Griffin for lighting design for King Lear at Synetic Theatre.
Looking for an outdoor wireless webcam w/ night vision. Prefer < $100. Any recommendations and experiences?
Fail UFC needs to put a title Match in its place this is what is wrong with UFC
they give me. Why should my faith be in the creation when the creator, that being in purity, is the one who is there for me.
yeah trying... I need to do somethin soon
it's for a contest..?
im watching an episode of international. fuuuuuck these dorks.
pretty delicious :) as was the jaRRRRRitos
Glory Foods CEO blogs about racial stereotypes but dropped the ball when it came to the #taketheglory commercials.
I'm going through thoroughly modern millie withdrawls...
That's bcs TMD is considering signing contract very soon for min. 1 yr for SEO services, even tho TMD could be disestablished in July.
RIP Dan Sicko . Your words have inspired many and will continue to inspire many more. Your family is in our thoughts.
I fight for individual liberty, #smallgovernment, and freedom for our citizens. Let’s restore the #American Dream.
Slaughtered Toy Story characters?
during the believe tour you should have justin go to small towns and give free tickets (; ill DM you my address, just
Hey birthday girl. I hope it's a great one.
aah, FFT=Twin! But that's not $5. Only One is $5.
Thanks Sarah & Ariel!!
muahahahaha oh yes ;)
Scott I apologize, I think I need an assistant LOL
I have a thousand followers! Yeah Thx fans
thanks man, it means so much getting feedback from fans! Rock on dude!
Yea!!! Colts on the clock who will be Luck-y and get first pick?
hahah! This must be some sorta Freaky Friday fashion swap.
thank u 4 being the heart & soul. Going 2 miss u next year but you'll always be remembered. Remember me when u get 2 the NFL lol.
Joey V. Timmy G. 11 hour drive myrtle beach to ocean city
yea you do! To the ones you follow, tweet, DM, rt, or fav. I don't know what that feels like. Show me?
Multitasking between teaching #Chemistry with an #art emphasis & preparing for my last lecture for
not so busy right now. Trying to find a job, have like 6 photo shoots next week then fall classes start.
RIP Steve Jobs a TRUE pioneer, innovator, and all around GENIUS..You have changed the world in a way FEW can/will...#THANKYOUSTEVE!!
everyone go FOLLOW NOW she has so funny tweets AND she FOLLOWS back 1
nice to see tamba is still getting held every play and they still aren't call anything
What's good everybody!!!
It's 3pm! That means the Exhibit Hall is open, with Clothing Swap and Acoustic Cafe in L4 (In the back)!
It takes a system to address climate change.
not sure about that- plenty of users (not a yr old yet) & ppl I know on it see much more engagement there than FB...give it time
Awesome! Recording?
I fully expect you, in true Mac style, to become a wheeler and dealer on the floor
man funny thing is you love the shit out of me
Austin's mom's name is Michele Lee Mahone (: RT if you love Mama Mahone<33 ohh, follow her.. (:
#slcwebinar In networks, sharing is building trust.
Hope you like it! If not, hope it makes someone some decent martinis! ;)
Idk I'm just thinking it will effect on ours too.
Next Gen of #Cloud panel moderator
Any tweeps play Minecraft? How do I play Multiplayer?
haha I'm waiting...
Be sure to "Power-Up" while at SXSWi at the lounge, AT&T Center, Room 301.
#alistbabynet is doing our #holidaygiftguide for babies and parents. Have any good #gift ideas for us? Getting excited for #present time!
thanks for the wrangler shot out
I saw the paperback edition at B&N last week with It's pretty awesome!
thx Tim! Kinda excited to get all rugged and dirty lol
My mother thinks we're on episode of montel, and I'm just waiting for someone with a van and a straight jacket to come on the show
Get down to the Ground Noob!!! Good D Pats!!!
Awesome! Make some noise! RT : I was waiting 4 a mobile hackaton in Chicago... I'm in!
They're reaaalllyyy in here debating starbux cup sizes? Word!?
did you do good.?? Ima dm you my raw score form the mc <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Yay!! Bring me back a souvenier! :P
RT : AND Saturday is 10th Anniversary Party!!! Congrats. Catering from 630 PM
Pack up and go home and go back to bed! Very productive day!
nothing just tweeting about how much i lovve you lmfao , and u ? :)
I've been trying to go to sleep since 11:30.. WHY CANT I FALL ASLEEP :(
I don't wanna be on a plane with somebody who apparently owns sweatsuits but no deodorant.
the #unemployment rate in #RI is staggering, at a rate of 11.1% almost 3 points higher the the #U.S. #national average
They found my brown feather earring that I had lost at work last night and put it up for me :)
who is that? you?
I'm sorry :c
I was just being silly today. lol
Lopez Lamong FTW twice in one race
SADFACE that season finales are tomorrow night. All my favorite things will be gone!
can't believe its already May. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> one more month until summer! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2600><U+2764>
24 hours in a day, 24 beers in a case. Coincidence? -Stephen Wright
Did u do dat song today?
Reading As I Lay Dying by William Faulkner on a subway caused some man to sit down next to me and give me a whole speech on the book
big daddy just sayin sup
Loeb's presentation for re-inventing Overton Square as THE arts & theatre district-tonight Public meeting for Memphis.
Can you please follow my other account --->
Who is ready to present on May 7? I know I am!
1br in Lower Haight SF, $1000/mo +utilities at friends 4br apartment. LMK if you or friend is interested.
True! But it's still a scam. I'd round after office hours.
very good article today. Looking forward to
Dumb questions but it's on the 16th, right?
My Wii's fan isn't working anymore. What do I do?
Pretty excited to quit one of my two jobs today! haha
Bad mood :/
Come on super impact people check it out and follow us
Mom has an ipad! She's more techy then me!
I got mine! It's waiting for me at my house!:)
not feeling it
i DO like birds...
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew.
NOW: Media Briefing on U.S. long-term partnership with #Iraq. WATCH at www.pentagonchannel.mil
it's defiantly different looking, but no multiplayer yet. Hard to tell what its gonna be like.
25% off for those who want to order some of our gear today. RT and we'll DM you the code. Good till tomorrow.
thanks for sendin that kev i was already asleep last night. Very good article too.
Nicely stated.
Anderson Cooper please marry me. <U+2665>
No more than 100 in Lafayette Square around 2:00PM. re: #OccupyNOLA. Rough, unofficial crowd estimate of about 400 folks
hahaha alright, I take that back then. --- Go to as many Cubs/Cards game...please?!! :)
Greetings, Silvie's Lounge is welcoming you and your bands to schedule your upcoming events. We look forward to hearing from you. Thanks
Tip 1: If you are met in person, just make sure that you will be meeting in a public place.
Damn it Marty, yer killin' me!!!
We waste time looking for the perfect lover, instead of creating the perfect love
USALLY I LOVE EVEYONES FUNNY QUOTES AND JOKES CAUSE THERE FUNNY
Yung Bambino "The Intro 2: Start From The Top" Coming SOON!!!
I don't know why, but I can't keep my eyes off of YOU! (;
Where do you go "when you know you deserve less that what you've already left behind?" - Thomas Cooper, 'Another Long Haul', OA
Then, be sure to see the Babelgum video on New Urbanism/Mobile Office: www.babelgum.com/4007138/new-urbanism-13-mobile-office.html
Today was a good day! Now to eat some dinner, wind down, and get some rest before it all happens on repeat
"Your account may not be allowed to perform this action. Please refresh the page and try again." -- a sublimely, perfectly vague error.
You get too school yet?
I'm like the grinch for Thanksgiving, but I'm still going to enjoy family and friends.
Wish I was as beautiful as all the girls on twitter:/
no prob! I'll be looking for them at
Thanks RT : #inspirational Just watched #theinterrupters in the UK!
I am fine thanks
Between tony crashing, the storm, and my illness, you'd think I would have not come to norberts for the Olympics but I'm
that's more like it.
kan penguins fly????
Oh please, I love the idea of sharing with 7,665 other domains! does that come with a free invite to VPN?
Hanging With Devoughn Tomorrow .
what a catch, Repko!
mine would be Eddie, Ricky, Bo, Dickerson, Peterson in no order.
no, we had to do some filming today but I don't feel good. I have womanly problems.
enjoy it, it doesn't happen all too often haha
It's hard to believe this will be my 13th signing day with you and the guys from WC tomorrow. Thanks so much and GO NOLES!!
Some people are like Santa Claus.....you really really want to believe in them, but eventually you feel like an ass for doing so
An hour left of work =)
this is the longest I been on Facebook in a long time!
Are you headed downtown for mothers day?
Hanging with the Palm Beach #drupal slingers at the meetup tonight.
WOW!": “: "Missouri had 2nd pro day & receiver Jerrell Jackson stole the show, posting an official 40 time 4.37 sec”
No, thank you! You provided needed insights.
Reliable source that a flight plan has been filed Centennial Airport to Raleigh-Durham Int'l. Broncos plane to NC. #Manning Latest
haha no doubt bud
Thanks to the whole community that made it a huge success!
Ozzie Guillen had a great playing career, respect that..but he quit w 2 games to go? He made the playoffs 2 out of 7 years, haha. No class.
Off to work!! 63 days till Spencer arrives!! :)
TONIGHT! VIBE W/ DJ BIG MIKE @ 16TH ANNIVERSARY FOR LAST BAND ON EARTH! FREE COVER AGES 21+ 2432 W Colorado
Don't be afraid of loneliness because everything is a door; even loneliness is a door; it opens to somewhere
Very important question....to get the shirt or the shirt? Decisions. Decisions.
sounds like the hs I went to, Sacred Heart in Kingston, MA. If you're out as gay, or pregnant, they kicked you out.
Unemployed 20-somethings are the target? Fascinating economic model.
Alexander Hamilton.
Tweet tweet tweet.
Rock a bye eagle, in the tree top. When the wind blows, the recall will drop.
The #Gators end the first period leading the #Buckeyes 2-1 in the #ALC semifinal game.
Looking to hire someone to do some administrative tasks and footwork. Mailing samplers, hanging posters etc.
Down with fever :(
You know what a Canadian is, don't you? A Canadian is an unarmed American with a health plan.
": Thanks people for the support," Ill be coming out Thurs. Good to see so much support on the road.
Just bkuz you rob, hit licks, got shot I can still tel YOU ain't bou tht life.
you're my main man!!!
black. It was a no brainer really.
after #Raw went off the air lastnite all the wwe Superstars song #HappyBirthday to
Suree i can for alittle but than i have hw
Holy s*. Let us know what we can do... RT : My wife has been diagnosed with leukemia.
Well I hope time starts to speed up for me like it is for them!:)
Smile. Laugh. Be Silly. Practice being happy. Have a great weekend.
Damn bitch, you need to replace your Chapstick with a glue stick and shut the fuck up. Why be FAKE?
been a bit out of the loop lately, trying to get some hard work started. balance is an ongoing struggle.
I was partial to Jason Aldean, but agreed, all good
The best educational academy is a motherhood, happy mothers day!!!!!
Headed to for Spring Break? Party the night away Contact me for #VIP tables and information about upcoming events
Happy 1'St Day of May and Happy National Chocolate Parfait Day!
yep be easy chaunny. U need me I got u but I guess I gitta do wut good for me also
Thanks. We are
Wishing I was in DC for the
Is there any neutral watching the Championship play-off Final who won't want more Ian Holloway?
free my niggas & rip to those who've already fallen.
lmao I find that funny. Because my friends call me Barbie and my boyfriend Ken ! Funny(:
Breaker 1-9 we're having a beach party. Snow castle competition at 4pm. Over.
congrats!!! Hello to my friend Dawn who does women's
YO! We so under underground we're going to FOLLOW a million people. WHAT!
yeah, they are
Yes, enjoy life! We've been given it again. Stay well, Christopher.
Failures do what is tension relieving, while winners do what is goal achieving. ~ Dennis Waitley
are you moving on from AFTA? Where are you headed??
OH: there's something about singing birds that gets me every time.
Tune in to @ 8:45 will be on!! He'll be talking about what ROCK THIS RESTAURANT is really all about!!
not. That's you bro haha
Just played with PicLits
QR (Quick Response) Codes, rorschach-like boxes are everywhere. Let's challenge the design world to come up with QR 2.0 that looks great.
Thanks for the follow!
Watching 20/20 with Viggle Fri | 10PM | ABC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
What's up Koreatown!
Thanks to for figuring out a way around Slideshare's limits on upload size.
Yes! Please do...but if you do come up here don't make fun of the mess at my desk, please :P
whoo in a good way right? I'll have to check her out!
What does your local library do that's frustrating?
Hi folks--just an invite to follow the Twitter feed of my new outfit-- Thanks!
Is today Wednesday? If it is I'm in trouble.
Yes indeed non-profit is a tax status it is not a business model
I need one for myself too. Long day of rehersal. RT : Just got an hour long foot rub! O ya life is good!!
nice rhyme unc
lol wait till she see's the surprise I've got waiting for her WUAHAHAHAHA :D
A day after out own hearts.... A day to join the Mexicans and rejoice in a beer! Many beers! :) see you at the Road!
Finally rain in Austin! It's not enough to stop the Texas wildfires, but I hope it brings some relief to your trees and lawn.
I love when people talk shit and you prove them wrong :)
me I DDOOOOOOOO!!
You ten and only then you will know the lonely is and never were the lonely in the first place.
as you should be.
Thanks to for getting us up and running on Social Media.
GUYS IM A HUFFLEPUFF
ugh yes. "to dream the impossible dream"
Getting mad, because your celebrity crush is cheating on you LOL
it's AMAZING love you! C:
TURN OFF THE LOVE---- WHO'S GONNA SAVE THE WORLD TONIGHT :/ #
Welcome here: early registration ends 21 may : yes, the local factor definitely tempted me more this year :-)"
glad someone else enjoys my somewhat lacking sense of humor :D
Hilarious. Keep moving!
Even had a big smiled 'Goodnight Lee nice meeting you as she turned to leave' while I sat there frozen
OK Mark – Obviously selling today is MUCH different than it was a few years ago. Why? Have customers changed?
I voted for you <3 no hesitation!! YAY your winning and by the way im listening to 11:11 repetitave and my parents go they *1*
Inspire. Encourage. Lead.
I missed the announcement. What’s the new gig?
Can't wait for these cowgirls to lose.
haha me to!
Commuting more than an hour today...how do people do it? So happy I live in the city
If your in a relationship on 4/1/12 lmbo your relationship is uh joke !
thank you for following me.I do and will follow back, have a good day today and a better tomorrow.
RT : had class tonight. Sorry I missed it! :( //It would be very good to see you stranger!
they are gonna luv him at SC if he wins but those fans don't wait long
lmao u got 5 slow ass seconds to get up out of dat dark whole
it was liquor tho
please follow me
howdy pattern :D
awl, and you're funny too!!
Wishing wasn't Always at her boyfriends all weekend
I didn't ask for an apology and you gave me and explanation anyways
Sunday #DedicateMLK in DC #CNN highlighting symbolism of event with special coverage BUILDING THE DREAM
Saturday breakfast special - strawberry and mango crepes!
I wish u follow me back so I can put my order on I need a sexy dress ASAP
it was I am really excited about this and want to share but so few want to try
We keep coming back to each other when are we gonna realize its not gonna work out not now not ever again </3
Fox's Pizza in Tipp City, OH May 7th! Starts at 5! BE THERE OR BE SQUARE.
That would be awesome.
creates them
What's good
fUCK dEM fOLKS
My considered opinion is to disapprove of those sporting a Packers tshirt @ Brewers games, but in practice it's somewhat lovable & difficult
Just always trying to elevate beyond flaws and faults, always be humble of course... Thats my mantra.
Happy National Pancake day! Get your free pancakes from
Tomorrow is Rubie Tuesday! That means two piercings for the price of one! All day with our piercer Ruben!
God made me stronger today the devil tried make me forget my oath to The Great God but he failed my love is stronger the Devils power
Congrats! RT With Labor Day just around there is lots of buzz, in just 4 short months we are over HALF sold at The Enclave!
At a cute coffee shop having a green tea chai bout to head to the McNay museum!
They were talking about Demi's tweet on the news n_n
When my creative writing teacher hugs me because I finally speak out and open new doors for myself >>>
We hate that you're missing it also, but we'll have the transcript up tomorrow!!
This was last July
Frank Ocean l whip appeal
You're welcome, Melody! I honestly thought I was already following you here... so I apologize for taking so long!
Hi Laura & team - how much would a dozen of your leap day frog cupcakes be? Any ready-made or can I pick the flavor(s)?
looks forwarding to delivering a talk at the Morgan State University History Day on April 18.
Happy Mommy's Day to all you moms : )
Thank you as always for your support and the #FF mention! Take good care!
Its sad that when in Marion I have to force myself into exhaustion to get some shut eye
My sense of time seems to be slightly skewed from the rest of the world.
What an awesome game its been for Cliff. Now the drizzle starts to fall again at CBP. #PHILLIES lead 3-1 headed to the 9th.
it's hard for me to imagine a uniform rule that wouldn't shred the financial stability of public community colleges 1/2
Amen to that, ! You're one of those women. Keep doing what you do.
Clint Eastwood just saved the half time festivities.
Easter at my house used to mean, two weeks of stinking rotten eggs because they were too pretty to eat!
loves the warm sunny weather outside! and my new 3 dollar pair of pants
Harden teeth fucked up!
yeah buddy!
Eff the giants
no why?
at Sao Paulo cafe in Rio LV. Call of Keno girl echoing off columns. Conferencees migrating past, to keynote. Breakfast b4
is so addicting and my favorite show! I can watch that show al dayy long(: Zak, Aaron && Nick are just awesome(:
got your texts, but am too lazy to get my phone from the other room to respond. Sad, I know.
You are like school on Saturday; no class.
Lmao watching cheaters & Joey just said "slow down Dave chapelle" 2 this dude <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Hope the appt goes well. I had my f/u appt today too. Better now that staples are out?
Finished for the day, at one with nature. Ready for a good night.
hahha! Well I hope it becomes FINAL! Or LA.. Would be nice! Lol
Merry Christmas to all! Please travel safely over the holidays. May God bless you all.
A round-up of all the goings on at Jogscotland Stonehaven - Mearns Leader
Our own Dr. Mike Nelson will be speaking on KPBS midday on the newest autism research from a pediatrician's perspective. Tune in!
IM #UNPRANKABLE TODAY #APRILFOOLS watch it ima come after ya!!
for a "fair budget" im not horribly expensive... infact im looking for steady work right now & they are setting the rate not me
If you go I oak hill or went to oak hill you got ice in your veins
They say money talks so tell these otha niggas speak up
Oh , I love you.
There are no hopeless situations. ~Clare Boothe Luce
Hard to focus on anything but the game Thursday night.
any advice ?
Agreed. Spain in worse shape. But EPL not the "any given Sunday" league people make it out to be. RT : and spain?
chick-fil-a date with !
thanks dudes! We'll bust all over this place.
Eventually you'll always see who cares and who doesn't.
No one expects the Orlovsky...
What season are you on? good shit innit?
Again theology questioned Cain, "Where is your brother Abel?" At which he asserted, "I know not. Am I my brother's keeper?"
me and my sisters have stuck in your head.....stuck in our heads!!!!! and our singing it over and over again!!!!
Blown away at how many rows Rock Solid Youth takes up on Sunday morning. Such incredible young men and women earnestly seeking God.
Your everywhere I look and idk what to do about that >.<
Blah :P fun day.No,AMAZING day(: well was.Haha (:
I hate it when people don't use smiley faces when they're texting you. It makes me think they're emotionless robots. :)
And onward to the SEL. The night has just begun
Chilln'...Trying to get it going this morning. Plans for the weekend?
Congratluations to for making the #40Under40 Crain's New York Business list!!
Watching all these criminal minds and csi kind of stuff makes me think that I could kill someone and not get caught like these people do
yea, man-woman
There you go!
A personal favorite of mine, too (she said while batting her eyes)! And I just love
We will make them comfy !
Indeed. He's such a transcendently awful filmmaker. "Taiwanese Wong Jing" he ain't. Wong's actually made good films.
Uh, let's get back to what's really important #packers and
Real creative lyrics Taylor. So inspiring.
I guess
U sick sick basrard <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> lol RT : I see a lot of mature older women in here that don't have rings on their fingers. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I don't have to ask anyone. I am a victim of it. Wtf
Good Job Jags. One of the steals in the draft!
You'll either find a way or an excuse. Either way, the choice is yours.
Contact Portland School Board now an oppose PE cuts!
Im glad we followed through. Also, your mom looks hella young, I really thought she was a friend.
I will come back in like July! I'm gonna miss you though! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
funny army music video "Steel Ding Dong": via
whoop whoop!! Free snowcone~ Thanks for being a regular :) see you tomorrow & Friday :P
Officially a soph in college!!! This is what i call
What Do a Man have to do to Get Some Attention Around Here (n my Sheriff voice frm Chain Saw Mascre)
I hate kids who can't put together the shrine of the silver monkey.
Some assets that are pledged for lines of credit can be trademarks, equipment, real estate, inventory and even office furniture.
no wrong just picked perry
Buying a foreclosure or short sale home ? It's probably going to need a lot of work. Call Mr.D's we have the experiance you're looking for.
well I'm going to Paris Monday then get back home the 19th but leave to brazil (the motherland) on the 20th until the 6th
Everyone deserves the best in men's clothing.
In fact, this is so true that it deserves its own hashtag:
RT Can't wait to hear it: : Just did an AWESOME interview with for the upcoming Escaping the 9 to 5 podcast!
I just want the boyz' to come to hawaii. I don't care if I don't meet them, I just wanna go to a concert or a show or anything.
Seriously how can a major leaguer forget how many outs there are?! In a tight one, Ramirez's mistake could cost the Brewers the game.
hahaha and really? Omg thank you!!! AH sorry a bit excited here haha
I'm hanging out with the KCrew from 12:00 - 12:30 today signing autographs just inside Gate A, come one, come all and get an autograph!
Tell me what song you hate/don't like because it reminds you of your "EX"?
It's fun to view the eye candy that was. Even if they're dead now.
People who don't brush they teeth and wash they face before they tweet<<<<<<<<<<<<
I hope the Clippers don't disappoint L.A. like this tomorrow!
Lebron missed both, ouch
no doubt!
no blame, no shame, there is always tomorrow! :)
4 meetings, 5 lines of code -- but only because I forgot to show up for my last meeting.
follow Friday - recommendations of ppl to follow
All of my followers should watch music video on my site www.teamkproductions.com
was stunned by Austin's blaming Kaylie n am filling out app for "Mr Kaylie Cruz " right now
Almost just choked on some spinach. It would have been an appropriate way to go, surrounded by ungraded papers in the ILA lounge.
Day off and some how can't pull myself away from #dogs101. Adorable!!
well at least just start something first. don't worry about finishing till later
i'm pretty sure i'm not legally allowed to even joke about that.
I'm a first timer too...this place is huge!
what's up in your life?
Duly noted: - Before submitting your story about Batman or Superman, make sure it's not an imaginary story.
What if we got #MahoneOnEllen, #DylanHollandOnEllen, and #PsandersOnEllen trending all at the same time!!!??? amazing thought<3
Whenever I try cleaning my room I either end up making a bigger mess, or just playing with the stuff I thought I lost.
You can give your number to or go to www.rocksteadydance.org to learn more
haha nah, just went to the Stewart rally in DC.
#GreatestAlbumsofAllTime American Idiot, by Green Day
Rain/snow in Hampden!
Sitting waiting for the dr getting frustrated
In the spirit of made-up holidays ... looking forward to 2/16: "Intranational Say 'Blow Me, Pilgrim' to Someone You Kind of Dislike Day"
Lighting thunder rain im scared! D: make me unscared :p
Today was successful, but scary.
thank you so much!! (:
Lol! Thanks Michael. Hope you like the assessment plan I'm drafting. Maybe I could give it to ALT on the 28th.
Good Morning Arizona Sun, Are you going to be HOT AGAIN today?, even if i'm nice today? Oh well, gave it a shot
who you talking bout?
you might lose your virginity tho it's a big night, I'm going over and taking pictures of you guys :')
then their retarded for blowing u off ur beautiful
we got #Natitude bring on the
Junior Seau is gone! God Bless his family!
Exactly, Coach! Boys haven't been the same since you left.
Interesting new term. How about "coffeecide" for someone who suddenly stops caffeinating? :-|
X-Men tomorrow. Can't wait!!
Peach clobber with fresh Georgia peaches <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Can you be my 100th follower? (:
Tonight , Norman Doray takes over!
Finally went blonder.
Besides the big wedding, it is Arbor Day. Please plant a tree for the future.
My cousin is growling ((x She sounds so funny!
Lyin ass bitch
Met Brad Adam once. Told him he was awesome & did a great job on the Pre & Post Game show. That's pretty much it, really. End of story.
The AP has not reported on Davy Jones' death yet. I am holding out hope the reports are untrue.
I'd rather Slip and Fall in Shit then Fall in Love with You.
oops sorry - I'm in NY! Lol its almost 2pm
I need some to text.
Happytown, another one in recent seasons
all over u?
Troy should definitely solidify his future and enroll in air conditioner repair school. I watch too much
you think haha? Itll be ok...time will heal, gotta give it 5 minutes. they will be back
I think that is where he slates as well. Very good 2. I'm *hopeful* that Cosart can be a 1 still though!
think they will trade jamal charles straight up for knowshon? :)
Hopefully that will happen one day
PP's race for the cure = kill them before they become women. And Komen supports that!!!
That was just solid and clever humor! Gio and I are a team
it's a good weekend @ San Diego's Petco Park. Saturday it's then Sunday it's Oh yeah, the Padres will be there too!
At #nodesummit reminds us that implementing the http spec in our apps means major refactoring when we want to switch to SPDY.
and screaming for a rematch
sweet dreams
lol online is better but the app is pretty decent
Photodune is awesome! I miss the $1 stock photo days; glad they're bringing it back.
I am putting together a panel of LMP listeners to help us improve our content. To participate please email me:
well my aunt buys so many!!
it goes live on Sunday. We are still working on it... thanks for the heads up though
That's really cute.
Cmon #Heat play with some guts
Is stressed beyond repair.
Not terribly impressed with Twitter location app. Lists me as being in two different places at the same time. BILOCATION PERFECTED!
doing well!! JB had mentioned he was out there! be good! hope to see you soon
Cincinnati Bearcats Football is ranked 24 in the AP Top 25 and 23 in the USA Today Poll. Woohoo!!!
Nancy got a new job, a new lawyer and a new client base in this week's episode of 'Weeds.'
I'm giving up coffee for Lent. This is going to be a very long 40 days.
Better on Can't leave out zombie blood. I'll be sad when Unicorn George kills Zombie Ryne Sandberg
Totally agree. Along with Beck's 'Sea Change' and Ryan Adams' 'Heartbreaker.'
THIS IS NOT OKAY! THAT IS NOT A REAL THING! #copyright RT I'm at Cheese Stoop #on the reg
WOW that caller is off the chains....yall should have hung up on her ass...!
And I wonder, Do I ever cross your mind?
Kyrie Irving a well deserved R.O.Y.
Go Pack and Brew Crew!
I got into comedy because I don't like being told what to do. You wag your finger in my face & you risk drawing back a nub.
WE ARE BACK TO BROADCASTING!
I walk alone in the corridor , and listen the music that can make me calm
Sweet! Jealous of your travels!
Taylor i swear on my life . why would i lie about that ????
..but what they decide to edit or not edit is completely up to them (vh1).
Creamy tomato ad garlic soup!
And roasted hot dogs!
Welcome to the Third Ward! We'll stop by and say hi soon, we want to check out the new shop and those killer
Wow talk about a panty raid!
Learning to build cold frame at garden club+my seedlings have made it past awkward toddler stage. Going to be good gardening year, I hope!
Good morning! My manager is wearing jeans today. I didn't think she OWNED jeans!
#milwaukee 8"-9" of snow fall for tomorrow and into Friday! Looks like the main snow fall will start around noon tomorrow! #wegotyoucovered!
partying like a rock star!
yes, please cite me! :) I feel you on the airfare. Ouch and ouch!! Just booked mine. Gawd.
Don't be fooled by short term solutions... your SMILE is for life!
every minute further i get from the moment last night when someone dropped a suitcase on my head is a little victory.
Awkward moment when you have more followers on twitter than you have friends on Facebook....
Ashley benson will notice me one day!
I'm a tad tipsy!!!! :D lolol tummys hurting
talking about social media patterns #infoneeds highlights his breath and knowledge
from : Just downloaded the Kristen Stewart emoticon pack. Sad :| Happy :| Scared :| Surprised :| Giving birth ;|
!!DENVER!! This Sunday Feb 26th, Gothic Theater... BE THERE!!!
plead not guilty yall got to feel me
- Oh dear… Caffeine (Champagne) High…
I don't even care anymore I'm going to the gym! I'm tired of feeling like shit
WV WHO? | Fans upset announcer confused W.Va. and Va. If only they'd find such conviction over real state issues.
yeah, so much for #Aquafina. All the bottles are all wobbly and falling over in my fridge. bummer
Thank you for the info #TechSmith! We hope to see your team at #UPA2012 this June. Let us know if you need a booth!
Focus on being productive, not busy.
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. Milton Berle
"Laugh at yourself once in awhile; give yourself a break." --Greg Evans (American cartoonist)
I feel like such an amateur for not using link shorteners on a regular basis. But I am pretty lazy.
#thatjam RT : The mothership can't save you so your ass is gon get left..
are the green Foamposites really that dope?
just spent my last bucks purchasing this book to study the business of the music industry to further my knowledge, im excited
Hey, I really enjoy your posts and the Mens Fitness article you posted yesterday. Thank you!
BTW, every time I say "Let's do this" I think of Ed.
": "Morn'ting sistergirl" RT : Good morning to all tweeters"what's new in divine apparel
we're a bit behind, but thanks for the retweet last week
so if I DO come on saturday, does that mean I can get a hug from you or...?
watching my li'l one dance around like a silly little monkey
Don't hate the player, hate the game
really? "Grow" as a transitive verb, in a headline? And in the art section, no less?
You have a great weekend, too. I hear you've got a hot date tonight. Be careful, she's a wild woman on the dance floor. :)
Screening Horrible Bosses tonight. Reliving my Jason Bateman moments in Silver Spoons. Looking forward to writing the review
Be friends! Remember that until you are married the person you are dating could be someone else's future mate.
Nice picture.
Be waiting 14 years for these 40 minutes of this game GO BIG BLUE WE LOVE U THIS IS FOR YOU MR. WILDCAT BILL KEIGHTLY
U know ur sex life is slow when ur best action comes from your iPhone's vibrate setting.
my cousin says this is all she&her friends talk about. there r comm coalitions in 12 pub schls now 2 improv them
#interfaceUF thoroughly agree about Twitter bridge
interested in selling one of them?
Baltimore Airport Hotel Connects Guests With Faster Internet
My coke exploded. Time to clean the couch..........and the dog. :\
food coma after the most amazing homemade chili cheese fries! now i just need a big bowl of ice cream.
We just made it to memphis stop for dinner and 30 misitos got into the car and my son was trying to kill one and smack the shit out of me LO
first 100 people who add or follow will win V_day tickets to playboy mansion only 35 spots left follow asap
I'm not a control freak nor am I a bitch... But nice try
is staying till the end of the school year yaaayyyyyyyyyy:):):)
we also need to avoid fear mongering. Calling psychiatric medication "drugging" is propaganda.
Looks like free backpack day to me….
i don't remember why i asked. but cool <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
there's probably nothing to do and a scarcity of available women in those places.
dm me your number, ill text you.
I really don't give a shit what you're saying right now. I hate you
your responce has nothing to do with what I just said but ok man
We will create a custom twitter background just like the ones our Pro Athletes use for one lucky follower tonight. Follow & RT 2 be eligible
off to find more coffee
ha ha! I have to work it out first!!!
I'm working on websites and developing a presence on the internet for the topics of children, education and retirees making money on the web
You Are Pretty and Yeah I Am
Is it necessary for me to drink my own urine? No, but I do it anyway because it's sterile and I like the taste.
your pics are killing me. I miss Boston!
well im
Aw no bueno... What kind of car is it?
about time!!! Do you still want me to text you when I finish my notes?
"You must trust and believe in people or life becomes impossible." Anton Chekhov
Christmas shopping is done! Now it's time to enjoy the holiday ;)
Hola, beautiful! I think it will be! You make sure you have a blast, whatever you get into ;)
AB481 not discussed last night because of the late hour. Assembly returns next week.. will u help stop this bill by calling your State Rep?
Wewant to extend our network of individuals who would want to cooperate in building independent music! Is that you?
space tonight !!!!!
R, elected in 2010. I met him a few times
Alright guys we hit 700 yesterday let's keep adding followers today!!
Just munched a 'Pink heart' road goodie worth 2 points!
just witnessed an Asian women aimlessly wheeling around a grocery store cart in the bank parking lot for 5 minutes..No grocery store around
a Jerry Lee Lewis Moment.
White Castle for life? That'd be dope.
:( your so mean cutter :(
Hotlines: #ACFE reports tips expose #fraud 3x as often as do management reviews, Get with the times & use text messaging. Office Depot does!
HGD lol and OMM bro RT : Wen its ur birthday everybody be nice as hell like u dont be on they TL any other day
Damn my mom is loud.
is that appropriate? After what yours have been through?
It's Friday, time to follow the Cigarette Cinemans crew
Man this joint burns a lot of gas!
searching for an HR GENERALIST in TAMPA $40k send resumes to
thank you 4 shoutout! RUT is here to help!
I'm petite, bite-sized, fun-sized, short, etc...
Ps, I was getting my tweets sent to my phone...thats, um, why it says GO. lol
Excited for this! " #Crowdsourcing session a 'go' for #nema2012; case studies by , Concord Museum, "
Had a great time in Nashville
In peaceful awareness of you dear God, I open my heart to your healing, guiding presence.
that run/workout very nearly killed me! it hurts to stand D=
Got to run out for some errands & Shopping! Lol Then find something to wear tonight!
On my to the barber shop
#west are u and j fighting who can get wat tended?
Yeah ride was one of the hottest video ever! :)
My phone never rings or even lights up! And when it does it says 1 new text from Mom or #embarrassing #lonerville <U+E403>
I love Date Night (:
Speaking of #dcflacks, we are just ONE member away from 800 flacks! Wow!
Chicago style pizza SOON
I will probably be there this weekend
RT You teach someone how to treat you by the things you put up with. << so true
Good day, and thank you for the Follow. May I ask who manages your online marketing services?
That's great, thanks for staying with us! Come see us again soon! :)
watching judicial indiscretion about to get ready for work
Today is the only day we can actually change the direction of our life. We cannot change Yesterday nor Tomorrow so let's use our day wisely.
New topic - Another E-3 challenge winner
My world ends when i forget mine:s : Cool forgot my Chapstick -.-
:( We're losing control of the Battlefield to cheaters! :-/ So dang frustrating when 1 guy ruins a game for 63 others.
#SomeWhereOutThere is a dude that just tried marijuana for the first time and almost died. Crazy thing is......he wants to try it again tho
Easter, kind of the weirdest mainstream Holiday? You know: bunny rabbits, chocolate eggs . . . the son of a deity being killed and reborn...
having a blast!
CMON PATRIOTS...SIGN UP WHILE IT'S FREE ...WE SUPPORT THE CAUSE www.plegde4patriots.com
Band of Horses is rocking Madison Square Garden tonight!
Overslept today but made it before math was over lol
if Nashville loses this series there'll have 2 b major changes there after going all in. Hmm Suter u sure would look good in Hawks jersey
sometimes I just want to punch you in the uterus ronald!
At danger house studios with and MCSA in Cleveland!
The worst is over, you can have the best of me.
I always eat the last slice...hahahaha and its the one that taste better.
I've felt awful all day...should really be in bed, and I stayed up for that, and now feel worse.
Lol I dnt know if u know dis but there be ppl up in yo class dat be cheatin dawg! I anit gone say no names cuz I'm no snitch! Kay?!
LOL i've been catching up! Wish I hadn't missed it ;)
I also "love" some big biz owners in my area (most of which live far out in x-burbs) but erect large signs here.
Thanks for your review! Unfortunately, we don't post video reviews on our site, but we're glad you love your Brown Betty :)
oh, yes it is !
ignore the bigger pictures of society as a whole. But this is the age of social media and they will see pushback
The Landen PNC Bank should get an award for best bank ever.
OOC: I just got my Dance Crew jacket!!!!! :D
i need a pic of this
you are gonna like one of our other topics tonight!
Shawnee Mission East & Saint Thomas Aquinas are playing now at LSP for the first Lacrosse Association of Kansas City semifinal of the night!
hey did we spy you on the D ?
“: Pacers won't win a game next round” I'm tempted to put money on that lol
gotta tag Cassie anytime I quote Kanye.
ikr same here! But who shoot Blaine?
do you think they'll be back in NY during the tour? Sorry for so many q's!
32 days until i see justin again. ah ksgskdjsjsjgsiaksgnsgskgss well i hope i make it in since so many people are going to the today show.
TAUGHT TO NEVER FOLLOW, YALL MUSTVE MISSED THAT LECTURE
I think everyone is jumping the gun a bit on the Boise State staying in MWC story. The TV money is still too good to pass up in the Big East
Are you free tomorrow? Naw im pretty expensive
PS I just want to thank you for always being so kind and supportive.
"Ziggy Red Hair" =))
I texted you..
i certainly believe that. Patience is one thing I've learned... because sometimes it's all in the timing. Be blessed, brotha.
You got that right! Going to spring training?
happy to have you aboard, Vickie!
I was at the Marlins come from behind win in '08 and today's gem! Unbelievable!
Someone please buy me a caramel frappe & i'll love you forever!
You gotta work like you never been hurt, f*** like you don't need the money, and scratch like nobody's watchin. -Krystal
Sunday - Thursday $99 a night Special! Also on Weekends when available! Come stay with us!! Bring your puppies!
If not Lebron then who? Who had a better year? Statistically or otherwise?
I've got a lot of time to think about things. Maybe I should get another hobby. Besides scrimshaw. And mass murder.
he makes Kevin Gregg look good
thanks for the follow
"SSDs as boot drives for my MBP"?! No idea what that tech talk means. Sometimes I cant believe I am allowed to work here.
Ugh, feeling sick today! And exhausted. I slept only about four hours. #naptime?
What are your favorites after prelims?
yes she is amazing. I don't think she has a personal twitter though. :(
that can ride with us probably 5, but id say 10 or 15 lol.
Wanna know a secret? Somebody out there can't stop thinking about you. You are beautiful. Don't ever believe differently. <U+2665>
I'm not sure, but I think the guy selling sunsetter retractable awnings is Joel Osteen, but less terrifying.
I miss our stupid, funny conversations
Cleaning while I listen to Al Green's "Let's Stay Together".....I love this music!
I dont even think he cares...
Enjoying the Michigan snow!
Wow! Windows 7 is so awesome!
same deal here. It's got its charm
Leaving the office after deadline for a story tomorrow, going to get into bed with a late stew supper, as is my classy wont
Tell a friend about POWER this week! Share this page with your networks and let's see if we can reach 600 "likes" by Friday!
Oh snap!
It is EASY to stop a nosebleed with Tranexamic Acid – no pain or taste – 1 or 2 sprays will stop your nosebleed! Call 412-681-6400
RT : #Zumba Marathon tonight to raise money for #Nashville #Flood victims. Beech Cumberland Presbyterian $10
There are only 2 ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle. -A Einstein
RT : Q1 via : What special travel moment do you most want to relive?
It's a pretty cool gig, to be honest. Being around baseball all day is great
Empowering #students, #parents, #teachers to Delete #Cyberbullying. Check out www.powertolearn.com
tonights the night fam! make sure to watch #AmateurMillionairesClub premiers tonight 10:30pm on WATL-TV. let us know what u think
I'm not good at telling people how I feel... Unless they tell me first... Or unless I try really hard to just let it out..
very cool. Sign me up.
are you at the new exhibit on unbuilt Washington? Sounds amazing!
i was just talkn bou that i want sum corn!
Be anything but boring!
#bucks don't deserve the playoffs of they lose to the 2nd worst team in the NBA. thank god they didn't waste tonight's crew coverage!
Few years back a non-citizen was also summoned 4 dury duty. Staff shortages is no excuse 4 these errors.
Only ten minutes until At The Drive In!
.: what is it like being at Presidential bill signing? I can only imagine it must be quite an experience.
Man, Shit, I can hardly do this shit here at times, fuck having a whole multi-account motherfucking, bullshit thang going on there.
Want to get even with banks? Here's your chance. Close your account with whichever Big Bad Banks you're with and go to a credit union or...
In the kinda situation where
Chillin wit mason
SO excited!
yeah, dont do that..
Rael, I see what you did there.
Looking for reliable, competent building contractors in the #Spokane area. Any recommendations?
U know getting on of the to follow u is really tuff but when u go through who there following all these other girls appear but u
in re: preprints: it burns!
It was great, love you more <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
come to Edmonds
Please bring back the lovely muffins and possibly granola/organic yogurt
Late present from Santa bowling green ky, the worsties, kat smo and heavy sole coming ur way! Umm ya
Amazing! Yours?
aiight i will
Gary Strand, quoting an old boss: "I love standards because there are so many to choose from."
1 WEEK until we debut the #popboompow video! You're gonna love it!:) Thanks again to all of the new followers, we pretty much love you!!!
don't need any luck , I'm single so that's why I can mingle !
For those who still care about SL, on to talk about Spingarn-Koff's SL documentary this hour.
Got 2 pages of my paper done... Gotta write 5 more tomorrow before class Dx lol
Tired ugh
Freelancing is the best way if you get bored easily...
Also, if a job that is being done for you goes south, Angie's provides a forum for evening up the score a bit.
I know I always say it but I love Cali weather
:o what time is it? my day was ok, it was good cuz there was new skydragon stuff but now i'm a little sad ;_;
listening to throwing shade with my BFF on a road trip and laughing are way from San Fran to Seattle
um minus the heads up display ...
Here we go again... Drama, Drama, Drama! I must have forgot to hit unfollow!!
CURSE YOU INEXORABLE MARCH OF TIME
"Tic Tac Dough" meets "Napoleon Dynamite" in this weeks Custom and Micro Beds! Check it out now!
It's lunchtime. Wouldn't a tasty warm authentic panini with top quality meats and cheeses hit the spot? Come on in for 1 or 5 ;-)
I wouldve done anything and everything for you.. But its too late now.
Absolutely loving this beautiful day!
haha. Saw that. Was wondering if that was a random act of kindness from a visitor.
Come on crew, please help me out by following and helping spread the word about #autism #charity #longboarding Please RT
BREWER WAS HACKED
Q3: Reflecting is great for a blog post or journal. Then get them to share.
"Is this meeting on land or at sea?"
Hopes at least one Republican presidential debate is held outdoors on a windy day.
Spending majority of my day reading unproduced screenplays. Ah relaxing. ( :
#MexicanTrashCans with and :)
A CPA deals with several types of payroll taxes, including FICA, unemployment taxes, and in Nevada, the Modified Business tax.
I'm pretty sure that's the profile feature they said is coming, isn't it?
good call Marc. Celtics may have lucked out before ST. Patty's day!
I got my balls stuck in the tip jar.
components vitiate. little improvements suggest themselves.
not this one but i can put you in my Austin one.
So the Browns are trying the "Let the Texans offense wear themselves out by scoring all willy nilly" game plan. Let's see how this plays out
#IDidntTextYouBack because you take too long to reply! Smh..
These cheap Target hoop earrings hurt my ears.
dont worry about the rumors its just jealously and others being protective of Demi. Hopefully this will blow over for you.
"This town can't teach it's kids or collect its garbage but we lead the nation in pointless revenge."- Bart
Get psyched for the #ia2011 MarketPlace Exhibit Hall tomorrow - all your favorite exhibitors are back with some new faces too. Go say hello!
2 depressants, 2 stimulants, zero sleep. Boarding plane. My body will be *very* confused.
MSG was rockin last night. LA could not stop the #Linsanity !!!!!
They heat in my room came back on
I just...miss you
#InstantTurnOn smells amazing
What do you think your mascot’s favorite candy is on Halloween?
i voted(: hope you win Sydny good luck (y) :)
Bye Canada. Bye friendly Toronto.
What makes ya think I would forget about ya
We're excited for tonight too!
No such thing as a stupid question, just stupid people that ask the question
most special tweet ever
looking forward to CLA tomorrow, it'll be my first conference and my HS english teacher is giving a talk!
Recognizing talent! Thanks Kristi! RT that's why they are my number 1...Most dawgs of all teams!
Are u at Game 2?
Time to crack that whip: resume running from two-week break, answer emails sooner, vil bruke norsk oftere, ve Türkçe'im (?) çalismam gerek.
Feeling utterly betrayed that I learned about the pubbing of ' new book on, of all places, Facebook.
Caramel apple spice, waiting for the bus in the cold, but feeling pretty lucky and greatful.. Considering
SO. COOL. Just won a contest for a free ART OF AMANDA CONNER book. Night = made.
hahahahaha you're funny. No.
similar problem in Nevada and Reno - people are afraid to rock the boat even for constructive criticsm and improvement
Big thanks to and for a great week! And of course big ups to everyone who came out to support local comedy!!
Rage win by forfeit on Friday and now have a 7-2 record on the season.
It sounds delicious!
wuz up Split??
Apr 29,1952: Churchill "As a Zionist since Balfour Declaration I have watched the courageous effort of Israel to establish her independence"
News To See: I have two dates confirmed for the New England tour in Aug. Portland, ME, and Burlington, VT! :)
amazing. Keep up the good work!
I will never leave you nor forsake you. Be strong and courageous<U+FFFD> Joshua 1:5-6
I admit it...sometime last year I took a pen from It was an accident. Sorry !
Possible issue with #Levelup - places that seem to confuse it with Groupon (rest gave me a hard time about LevelUp bc I got a lunch special)
can you get kian to follow me? Pleasee i can post the voting thing onto my tumblr??
It's funny how we will JUMP n2 situations we KNOW won't last & cause our own hearts 2 SUFFER & just WATCH Love pass us by as it reaches out
hey how is it going?
My GPA is happy. I am happy.
I find it hard to get in the dreamy writing zone while working on a screenplay. Distracted by all the Fade ins and scene numbers. Anyone?
Met you and your beau last year in Vegas at the Midnight Comedy Jam in my theatre in Mandalay Bay, you were ill
Happy 80th birthday Mr Valentino ! DUDE THIS IS AWESOME YOU ARE AWESOME
IMMA MAKE U MY BITCH
Thank you my dear! Looks great! #Vegas is warm and fantastic! Looking forward to seeing you soon x
And I agree with the courts!
Cody can you please wish a happy birthday :) it would mean the world to her :)
Who got player of the year?
i think bill lives in chagrin falls too. also, pouy and i have moved on to FNL season 2. first season was great!
It is a beautiful day....hot but I love it!
I really need to get up & get ready for this Rangers game!!!
yeah I took the earliest time and probably have to drive the farthest. Stupid ha. But no stress!!! My suit is ready :D
Project Wardrobe Reboot complete. Four shirts, two pants, one black suit from H&M.
Crack The Fuck Up.
If you have a bald head learn to manicure your eyebrows.
Fantastic Leg and Ab Workout today with ! You Crushed it!!
Tenants of social work related to museums "know your self"
Ride a fixie to the club, get a free snickering.
3 classes gym library sleep...
MUCH LUV 2 VIP IT"S POP N 2NITE @ RAIN E40 N DA HOUSE & NWC WILL B THERE NODOUBT KEEP N IT REAL 4 VIP @ AZ WE KEEP AZ SEXXY Page Themes Pa
Hi, Raul. It's nice to meet.
Maurice Sendak - epitome of an inspiring imagination. He showed us where the wild things are, and we thank you. You shall be missed...
My brother gets to meet the next #POTUS in Tioga, ND tmrw, I doubt Pres. #Obama even knows where ND is, let alone Tioga!!!
Ask yourself, do you really know what beef is?? And then ask yourself, do you really want beef?? lmao
lol how's it goin in there
Hoping Lee Evans can "catch-on" with another NFL team but so happy he wont be back next year for the
goodmorning baby.... love you with all my heart and soul....ur my world!!!!!!! the baby is fine!!!!
look at you LA - NY -LA -NY. I thought I traveled a lot. Lol. Be safe and have fun
This is the most amazing day I have ever experienced...
i was hacked! Must have been Lulzsec.
Shout to all my new followers I appreciate the followback.
The day I quit, thas the day I lose.
Hitting the road early early friday...get your ass to the magical kingdom if ya know what's good for you.
cut ur assistant salary! Make real changes
Don't know how to explain what I just did and I'm not sure how karma is going to feel about this.
my sister is looking. Where should I have her send her resume? :)
Ugh. You are so right. Meteor game.
I mean it doesn't look bad but I think no snake bites looks better! But that's just me ^.^
I love music! You know I'm originally from the heart of American music. You got a variety of music genres.
RT : The tipping point, critical mass...looks like we are about to reach it.
tweet me if you want a shoutout(:
that's retarded is what that is Lmfao =P
Patriots or Giants...who you got?
'Hide Little Girl'
Has a new life goal, to buy a horse at Keeneland.
OH OH! RT : Jamo girls tonight : $3 micros, $5 Stoke & cokes and a DJ.
Packaging and shipping your orders here at the warehouse this morning :)
I'm good, I actually really like school
It's pretty damn ridiculous that a bunch of adults act like fucking children. Okay, end rant.
So I just turned this OKC V LAL game back on..Why didn't anyone tell me this game was that bad?!
The NY Times announced that three cosmologists have been awarded the Nobel Prize. I didn’t know they gave the award for doing good make-up.
Okay. How about them hamsters?
4. who are richly dressed, where are the humble kid... okey this are just a belieber opinion :D
Watching jersey shore!(:
Great job #Axman way to pull them Cubbies down!
yea museum of science boston im there let's go
Yo poker on Saturday at Gary's $10 buy-in. Interested?
What does Capone's vault and Geraldo Rivera's head have in common? They're both empty.
West is a modern day Little Richard with no class or clot. He is a little lost in the attic.
True. Point taken.
me neither. But a press conference is weird
If moderates it, I will definitely #debate you.
Good Sunday Morning....Writing..writing....writing
At some random karaoke bar Blue Frog Bar and Grill having drinks.
If I had a star for everytime you made me smile, I'd have a whole nights sky in the palm of my hands. ;-)
As I texted to Dad last night... Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball Baseball!!!!! (Give or take a Baseball.)
Not a lot of panels on gaming culture at #csa12 this year...except for mine..."Youth Cultures," "Gamification of Neo-racism"
***RT2WIN CONTEST*** RT the next tweet for your chance to win 2 tickets to Bon Iver at on June 6th!
at the beautiful River Walk in San Antonio
I've been on medicine for 2 days now & I'm still unbelievablely hot :/
Mariachi voter fraud will soon be a thing of the past.
so guitar, metal and screamo!?!
I don't hold grudges
there goes my hero
send the karma to South Philly!
damn i feel bad for d.rose
Your inner critic has done enough today. Give her the afternoon off.
interested in a substantial policy discussion about Race to the Top
#RightOn #RonPaul Awesome answer on a loaded question!
Thanks! To you and all your friends, too! Wags from
Photo shoots then Acoustic gig rehearsal today with yay!!!!
“: are giving it to me right now at Love it!” we love Dustin!!!!!
I will pass my work to you as I rush home.
I love my baby I miss her
I can not wait till Newt win and see the look on Pillosi's face...
passing only the areas where you agree is irresponsible. stop the politics, #doyourjob, & pass the bill as a whole.
I'm dawdling... surfing the world wide web... and scheming...muhahaha....
Listening to Our Best Practices Are Killing Us w/ Nicole Sullivan (), co-author of Even Faster Websites
The girl who plays Lisbeth in the Swedish version is sexier than the one in the english one...
Does your garage or basement need a clutter master to take charge? Call BCI to the rescue. We have just what the doctor ordered.
just about to go to sleep. Then says TWITTER PARTY!(:
I hope you're left handed.
thanks! You too!!
I'm about to text you
The new VW Passat looks like a Kia...
Thanks for the mention!
Catching up on #TheBachelor. #BachelorBen, you're kind of a pig. I want to like you, but I question your choices.
Neck of The Woods may be their most simplistic journey yet, but it's beautiful. Joy of an album.
will you be coming to Milwaukee by chance??? If so, I must see you!
First blue door pub experience. Verdict: Very. Very. Good! And I didn't even have to pay! Thanks
He makes me feel...special..i used 2 be bullied and i realized ya no..greysons loves me and so does god:) <3
LOL! That is just frightening.
Finally got the state ring
These lists would be highly subjective, but I love this idea!
This is only blue Monday if you are blue
#Chargers will end the #Raiders playoffs hopes. Raiders had many chances. #Broncos will win the division and a playoff berth.
Yeah I do =) I'll send u the link when I get home =) Talk to you tomorrow!! =) x
We are looking at ny dates right now any suggestions for venues?
Totally creeped out by faux-communion scene as the animals approach to receive their jelly beans in Babe: Pig in the City.
they need to hear me and you sing journey, we would deff win American idol.
Extremely ill.Pretty much bedridden.I need some positive vibes up in this camp. All haters and pooh-pooh-ers will be deleted with the quick.
Would you recomend this as healthy and low carb as say chicken breast or turkey?Reply
when is your birthday :)
In so jealous of the girl that went to prom with
you do good work. sometimes too good.
That will keep you out of trouble!!! Or maybe, not.
Loved the movie "Metropolis". Seeing it with friends and a cup a tea would have been even better!
Thank you for the mention, Viv! Hope you are well.
lol u might get lucky
It's crab time....
one alize a day
You've been hacked.,
This week's goal is to send out 10 resumes per day. I know something good is upon me, staying POSITIVE!!
reminds me to make a list of the reasons leaning on lists is dumb
Yemen pipeline 'targeted' after airstrike
I do not have to watch the because I know that Adele is going to clean house
I posted that Kovulchuk pointing at Sid video because I never forgot it and I've hated Kovulchuk since then.
Okay, if there are any uber-geeks in the audience, you'll appreciate this. We're currently exploring direct deposits to venue bank accounts…
man I just think it looks like crap with the garbage at the bottom. i guess that's the price one pays for google huh
lmfaooo, not if you drink Low-Carb Monster ;) it only has 10 calories, holllaaaa
Free shuttle from to the ST. Patrick`s Day parade this Saturday 03/10/2012. 1st bus leaves at 11:15 am.
At conception we are a zygote no brain no internal organs u go back to school
Cute i think u would look really good in jordans
You want your cultural practice to be #tolerated? Make sure it includes consuming loads of alcohol.
uughh rehab tonight
agreed, not as intense
are you using this as part of an Internet Safety or Digital Footprint unit?
good I'm happy you did
MetroWest Daily News: "50 years after John Glenn's flight NASA's lost it's luster" - /headasplode
I'm in trouble.
I haven't had a threesome in a long time, and that ain't right.
way too much lipstick, a comb & concealer “: What #beauty products do you ALWAYS keep in your handbag?”
Time to enjoy a shrimp cocktail! Yummy!
Happy Birthday To Me, Happy Birthday To Me, Happy Birthday Coach Maxine, Happy Birthday To Me!!!
Nor does Gov. Brown mention pension reform, privatizing prisons, school vouchers (cuts cost) or other reforms. Just 'mo money.'
Thank you New York for the vote. Good way to celebrate my own 45th wedding anniversary.
Welcome to city gear we have new parish nation and bornfly. Mens demon levi's shorts for 34.99 and more.
Santorum: "I'm against putting one group against another". Unless of course they're homosexual
Ugly hoes, you can NOT have attitudes! You need to be nice, cause your looks sure ain't getting you nowhere!
I usually don't post my photos, but this one in my prev. tweets is one of my faves.....
One week from Thursday! Route 66 at Union Street Live. See you there!
TFT Launches TOMORROW live in Vegas!
Pilot audition tomorrow!
I really love twitter!
I think PETA just asked me if I was a kale addict.
Fuck all this traffic.
man i love being able to just jump on my bike and ride......went to salem for dinner with my bro and cousin...just because....
Yeah , Yeah , Yeah . Whatever Nigga .
my hatred for Dwayne Wade grows with each day. tired of him crying about everything and now he's yellin at his coach cuz they both suck. smh
They always save the best for last. AAO Council rehashing the same old thing.
I know, I know. It reads like a soothsayer's prophesy.
I agree. Lots of upside in this year's haul so far. Unfortunately it's not an "instant gratification" sort of draft.
I'll try and keep those ideas in mind. Thanks for the help!
Waited in line to meet you but your manager has AIDS. No worries. I hope to meet you next time.
i'm gone miss our lil laughs and yo leg move at parties lol
Looking forward to you and Biz Dev Today session today!
First cig of the day >
this website is just what we been looking for!
60's and beautiful this weekend. Who has plans and where?
Heat Wave?? My Computer is doing just fine. I don't know about all of you.
times like this I wish I was at Tahquitz <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
We all found out a little more than we should of with the #Wikileaks scandal at
hahaha that's how I am! lol My baby brother came into my room saying "bieber" and "baby" lol
I am actually scared of going into hot topic and I don't know why
So bummed, my Bravo channel was out!!!!!!! Thank God for the internet......LOL
Sure hope everyone's having an awesome Winter Break!
I've been getting a lot of questions about #timemanagement from leaders I work with. What is your BEST time management tip?
Hey thanks for following me!
BBC World News America Twitter is now - stay tuned for breaking news and features from our team of journalists working in the US
CANNOT wait to see you! What shall I pack, BTW. I am def. bringing a book and my iPad.
The great use of life is to spend it for something that will outlast it. -Williams James
OH: My phone hasn't been working properly since I threw up on it!
Going to the movies
Britney Spears 'Was Smart' At Blackjack, Palms Owner Recalls
Super 8 was a really good movie(:
Ebadi: we can be muslims and respect human rights. The feminist movement is the strongest movement in Middle East
Imma change for the better I promise that
Prof. Jeanine Turner will be talking on Communications Theories in the Car Barn 311.. great preparation for new CCTers!
Dude! RT : If you can take the heat, get out of your kitchen & into for hot wings (emphasis on hot).
RT : they rescued me from a nail last - no charge <-- awesome
Tribe, can you help him out? RT : Coaches--Anyone using the Read & React offensive system? If so, thoughts?
The sign for our building just arrived and is being installed. Pictures to follow...
N da street it ain't no help
That's funny all these Super Moon pictures look like regular pictures of the moon. Thanks Instagram.
Sun stay out and chill with me, please .
Wanna go to South Beach for the summer
I'm just going to tell people I can't read.
ALERT! Edreformers coming to your district soon. Keep a stack of bubble sheets handy to quickly distribute.
Bidding on a home without getting prequalified is a common mistake that homebuyers often make.
Not in the mood <<
Eduardo, Chalo, & Jerm texting me to tell me that they're blowing it up -_- : GROSS! Lmao.
I will, well Marika will actually lol :)
Gonna blame my THOR confusion on the occasional napping.
well at Steelers6 have a past.
Hola hey Bounjor. how's your day ???
I feel like even when I lived there I drove gay...hm
Last day of work in richmond over... So sad.
Office time. Where the magic happens. LET'S DO THIS!
Oh Google has flowers growing for Earth Day.
Congratulations to Manchester City for winning the Premier League Title!
which pro sports league handcuffs their athletes more when it comes to social media?
Oops. Meant to say we're talking to of Orangebloods.com right now. Listen live at espnaustin.com.
car wreck, 2 broken ribs, bruised back muscle, fluid in my lungs, rock n' roll baby!
: People only rain on your parade, because they're jealous of you sun & tired of their shade.
Does the democratic party have any standards when it comes to war anymore? Or is it all about outdoing the Repubs these days?
NOW ITS TIME TO SHOW ALL THESE OTHER DJS HOW TO REALLY DO A MIXTAPE!! MY MIXTAPE WILL BE RELEASED ON OCT 20TH! "REVELATION" GET READY!
- will do.
Grateful to & for providing their devotionals free on I am blessed each day by their generosity.
Am totally interested in joining the scientific expedition to Sweden.
I have the best mother in the world because she is beautiful and is making pizza at 3 a.m.
The only safe growth industries left are medical cannabis and tattoo removal.
I bet Stone Creek would hire you!
Cape May Zoo Today, for a Field Trip! What are we 5 years old?! I'm in 7th grade. #lmao This is gonna be a fun day.(:
Nothing like a little sunny sunday brunch! Walk on over!
Bless dat me n my family c another day
Hydrating with a venti + 5 hour in an attempt to muster some energy for tonights big event.
probably Joseph Reichelt
If you like the Hunger Games series, try Ilsa J. Bick's Ashes. One caveat: it's another trilogy, & only the first book is out.
talking to a new client in the energy management space about the product management project we are doing for them
If only I spelled it right..lol.. Bike night starts at tonight. anyone going?
haha it is getting to the point that I'd like to get a Getting Out of Boston badge.
is obviously gaining huge momentum in 2012. Are you starting to think about how to leverage it for inbound marketing?
RT : Thx #buffalobilliards and for a fun branding panel this afternoon!
is intent upon getting in touch with ART from Everclear... Anybody have the hooks?????????
ugghhh i thought i wuz the only one with that problem. .-.
Whoa - just learned that had an embassy in Second Life #cdp21. When will they open one in the Metaverse?
I know, right?
It's official folk - Season 4 launches WEDNESDAY!!!!
okay, i will try.
oh okay I see.
Tambourine ministry! Yes,
Smh . All i gotta say
oh yeah. agreed.
I hate when he wanna take detours and sh.t I'm hungry wanna get home,
Girl: I'm ugly. Guy: You spelled beautiful wrong <U+2665>
I don't know! When I moved here I didn't realize it was cold here too. I grew up in Houston, its warm there all the time
I just got the best news! Im so happy time to get serious again
AH now you've gone and made me super duper jealous...
I'm been thinking of killing my self what's wrong with me ugh I'm crying
So, if this DOES happen, wanna follow me now so in the future I can be like "see him on MTV? Yeah well hes following me!"(:
"Did you just say 'if you're 10 hit me up'?" .. "you know I like 'em young" oh my god...
i will <3 ya
#CNNDebate #TweetThePress I just got an offer to mortgage the moon for 0% down.
omg, I was like dying
Siting in my dark room listening to the clock go, tick tock tick tock...
so tempted to be that person and come buy you a drink for being awesome and an inspiration!
I enjoyed The Middle tonight. The show sort of reminds me of The Wonder Years.
got into UofL!
It's out now. Came out last month.
Headed to #ATL ! So tired! Glad I can get some sleep on the way there.
im ready for next year ;)
uh huh uh huh Josh deFINE. and his brother. omg.
Just loaded a blackberry twitter app. So far looks good. Just like using twitter on the web.
stressful week
Durant & Harden go hard in the mofucking paint
clearly she "borrowed" that from you!
just wanna say im extremely happy with my evoshield that came in today.
Justin is perfect!!!!<3
RT ": Don't forget to fist pump and say woo woo woo!"
WOW Matt, no snowflakes here...its almost 60 degrees! Loving it! Stay warm!!!
Ready to board a plane for a fast and fun weekend with fam and cherished friends!
Last day of early bird registration...we will definitely need that wine at 10pm tomorrow...ha!
Q6 this was a big gap at my public library, most of our homeschooler outreach was one-on-one, would have liked to see programs
The SOURCE Theatre is finally on Twitter.
I've heard this version... Little weird.
#barnard2012 RT : Barnard prez: "Just days ago, you affirmed your belief that the right to marriage belongs to us all."
I am so grateful that I started my career on the technical side of vulnerability research. But most security pros hurt my brain now.
They prolly do go out fr
i miss my best friend :\
All white maybach, Green Bay they pack
Great Working Tips! (This Applies to Everyone) You Should Always Check your Spam Box Frequently.
What about 24?
Looked to me like after Ramos dropped it, Hairston tried (unsuccessfully) to swat it so Ramos couldn't retrieve it.
Hot Chelle Rae-Tonight,Tonight:))i would luv to dance on the edge of the hollywood:))dope song:))
thanks for a interesting and inspiring
for the #ff! Hope you have a great weekend too :D
Today's BTU inspiration: "Prosperity depends more on wanting what you have than having what you want." ~Geoffrey F. Abert
just got tickets locked up for 2012!! so excited for camping in the dirty south this summer. Recreational Vehicle rental is next!
Seeing the boys play with little kids is probably one of the most attractive things ever :)
So, I have to cover a St. Patrick's Day parade in the rain. How many cliches will take to exact revenge on my editor?
6:00 pm... I guess i should finally get my day going
whAt happened
Are the videos supposed to be password protected? How can I check them out?
Our gang is forward to hearing you speak!
If ever battled a ninja #Boxcar would win I love them cuz they push my updates to me plus protect me from ninja's I love
yeah, so I'm going to have to get off of here in a minute so my gospel tracks can get my undivided...but 1st, just wanna break down Psalm 23
Best part about student blog: They are MSU's DESCENDANT COMMUNITY. They are engaged in research, public outreach of own culture.
Huge game this morning at 11est for NIKE CAMP School CPA and Coach Legate as they play Livingston in the TN Girls 2A Final Four.
:-) Thanks! I sure hope you're right!
excellent lunch and dinner at haven yesterday. i think i may move in.
thanks for the RT, good article
Asians can't win.
All bout that thunder life
liar liar pants on fire
what up bro follow me!
Haters! Um play with racoons? Bad idea? Yeah, never mind.
Btw, How about the Atlanta #Hawks huh ?
Preparing for a new day!
Spend part of your Sat. @ the Bar+Bistro @ The Arts Factory Hangover Brunch! 11am-3pm. Voted "Best Place to Recover" by VEGAS SEVEN
Not to far from home and need to visit soon !! - Pictures: America's "lost" national parks
and I agree we don't need to be reminded that sex happens in Littlefinger's brothel.
The heads picture weighs more, so it ends up on the bottom
Bean-cat: hunger strike against twice daily feedings vs free feeding is officially over. Only after she got her way & John bought her Iams.
Hello. My name is Inigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die. great movie
Thanks everyone for supporting my latest venture Talkbiznow.com, I am humbled by your support!
your dog is so cute!!!!!
#gigmemories jumping offstage at Cafe du Nord to start a mosh/dance pit in the front row....and then getting back to finish the last chorus.
Sold 1 today! Listed another too! All by lunchtime
u should try insanity Phil. It's the best workout I've ever done. Press play and you'll get whatever results u want.
Welcome to the Women's Development Institute. Enjoy your lunch!
you have got to be kidding me. i don't have time for this.
that Mac looks a bit cheesy :)
GRONK is the best TE in the nfl
Just curious if anyone has any positive, or negative feedback on the Clearomizer? I've used it for about 3 wks now, I'm still on the fence..
You bet!
23. What you think and what you feel and what actually manifests is ALWAYS a match - no exception.
The question I've asked everywhere,doing research. If you don't have good credit or friends with money, how do you raise cash for startup?
#Mom get ready to #PartyRussianStyle!!
If Tebow gets in a fight, does God use the restroom for a minute to turn away?
- I keep waiting to see a tweet about you hitting up "Montgomery Inn", but you're too obsessed with chili dogs :)
When did radio stations start playing the National Anthem at noon? I don't mind, but I'm curious.
We're hosting a Fall Meetup and would love for you to come! DM us and we'll send you more info.
On label of Kroger Unsalted Dry Roast Almonds: INGREDIENTS: ALMONDS. MAY CONTAIN: SOY, MILK, AND WHEAT (!!??)
Hope to see you at the child care and after-school rally today 3:30 in City Hall Park!
where are you from?
#favmoviequote "you're gonna need a bigger boat"
Sin is geographical. ~ Bertrand Russell
funny, I was just thinking the same thing about yoy
I hope you all have a great New year and please follow my main Twitter feed I hit the follow ceiling 2000
RT : “: Twitter is my teachers lounge. Inspiring educators. Engaging ideas. #geniushour” AGREED! Except fewer complaints
Oh #oscars did you just tease me with another Whitney tribute?
Chilling w/the fam :-)
Maybe I like her a little bit lol
So since you're moving away from big mid-tempo ballads, will A3 be all about dance music /tempo, hip hop etc?
Charisma is sparkle in people that money can't buy. It's invisible energy w visible effects. Marianne Williamson
Taylor Swift Dresses as Tiger for Circus Themed Birthday Party - Daily Glow
you still playing ball
I'm not holding my breath!
Listening to to fall asleep. This music is all-purpose.
Well new followers....join Allegro Dance Co in Clarksburg WV on Sept 4 3:15 on the main stage! Yes another Italian festival :)
You JUST used MY patented word...#baller :)
Sam worked with the Sunshine Band?
You first, tweet me when your done x
lol thanks for thinking about the poor people in NYC who didn't hit and could use one haha
"2001: A Judicial Odyssey" is a formal report title that someone actually used in 1992. Probably "SPACE JUDGES" was taken.
The reason why bubble gum is pink is because the inventor only had pink colouring left
RT : RT : A face and a waist puts me in a good place
You are a sexy sexy sexy sexy lady. If you come to my next show, I will play a song just for you. Only the best for the best.
Go Nuggets!!!
"Mushroom factor" may apply tho thats usually when you start a small project like replacing a light bulb and end up rewiring a house
Lol! : Oh, you took 20 minutes to text him back because it took him 10? That wii show him who’s boss.”
Business is not about the competition, just like in sport the game is never about the opponent. It's about being your best!
Will do
My head has exploded. Stupid ap physics.
You can breathe now. RT : "The order for Parks & Rec is for a full-season 22 episodes."
I love how can tell that I'm having inappropriate conversations based off of my cackle. cc: I die.
Finally made the connection that Rakeem Christmas probably wears #25 for a reason.
No!! It's perfect!
Have you seen our new website yet? Make it part of your lunch hour surf session - we won't tell! www.eps-doublet.com
RT I like to imagine Anderson Cooper as an over-excited head of the yearbook committee at the high school in "Heathers"
rode my bike to , working on the upcoming BDNT pitch of In case I forgot why Boulder rocks, I am reminded.
thanks so much. glad you like the new background! i worked hard on it. -wes
Grey st. Been almost 3 years. Awesome
Actor Charlie Sheen arrives at the Chateau Nightclub & Gardens at the Paris Las Vegas early May 1, 2011 in Las Vegas, Nevada.
gucci, fendi, louis, ya man don't do that, do he? ;)
Did you try our Sammich today? You still have time to come and taste our signature dish, it's a Coopster favorite!
I'm also motivated by grapes. I just like mine expertly fermented in Mendoza, France or California.
MLS Cup!!! hey you have any extra tix for sale for the NY Red Bulls game?
I wonder how many girls are going to be named Katniss in the next few years.
I feel like a kid again being excited for a movie. Haven't felt like this in a long time.
The meaning of life isn't something that comes to you magically from the outside. It's created by how we live each day!
Finally! I'm on Twitter!
who tryna match one
White girls have beefs? <U+E412>
REMINDER: Parent Support Group Tonight 5:30 at the #Autism Family Resource Center
Thanks for the MT!
he y'all I gotta head out for awhile. Will be back on soon :)
Good morning LA! Come join me for my Meetup at The Republic of Pie in NoHo. I'm wearing a red tee and will be here until 10:45am.
We really do have the best restaurants and shops in Baltimore as clients. We created a twitter list so you can follow the delicious.
done with my first year of college, couldn't be happier! Never going to forget the memories or the amazing friends I have made this year<3
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(: <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
Love it and DONE!
Pandora "Space Olympics" . . . brilliant.
is in a class by herself as a musician and songwriter
She Made My Night
Well the point of playing is to win, so by that logic you have to say Eli since he has more rings even if Peyton has more talent
Oh, now it worked. Don't know what happened, maybe their server was temporarily down or something...
Each moment is a precious jewel, sparkling amid eternity, to be *enjoyed* before it's gone forever. Joy, joy, joy, ...
im taking requests to follow people so tweet me who you want me to follow and i will.
haha i just might
I've been very pleased with every product I've used, I greatly appreciate the quality.
Ministries across America have the task of standing for God's truth without compromising God's principles.That my friend is God's Church!
aw but in 15 min gots to go!! Hahaha you ain't gotta go home but you gotta get the F**k outta here!!!
RT : Q5) Luke eventually got there "No more training do you require. Already know you that which you need."
Omg yall gotta see this man I work with
Happy birthday !!! Hope your having an amazing day, iloveyou! #BELIEVE <3
that's such a good idea. i've had 20 boxes in my car for a week cause i've been too lazy to bring them upstairs.
Refuse to believe that ComedySportz exists until he sees their longform.
Back to the studio today to track guitars. Should be finishing up soon on this single.
you spelled ugly wrong
#DEFCON : a nice looking steganography tool to hide your data, Steghide.
Love calling up Asian delivery places on my personal piggy days just to get off over the phone...whatevs
Stone Mad...duh. Add Market Garden and Johnny's on Fulton to that list.
Fuck you guys.
Kyle Blades likes this. RT : Doing irresponsible things, because I'm an irresponsible guy.
He startin to piss me off
We're nearing 400 followers - help spread the word and recommend to your followers on Twitter!
we're posting our #ACBW events tomorrow!!!
I'm there Busta bust u know and gettin it together on my end
interviews for new attendants will continue today
“: I certainly hope that no one will giddy up to #nafsa12” That's Tex-ist.
At didi hirsch culver city about to lead #grief support group for adults affected by a #suicide death
Im back twitches
Would any young ladies like a scented candle? I have one that my mom doesn't want for mothers day..
Am I the only person in Baltimore that thinks the sudden retirement of the Commissioner of Police is fishy? I mean this is Baltimore..right
Thanks Melissa. I need to take more time to learn how to maximize my twitter use.
Just saw a nice pair of tits that I'm going to enjoy playing with this Saturday.
If God sent u the man of ur dreams today, could u cherish him or would u tear him down...
The saying that you get back from life what you put in to it is so true. People give up too soon.
Happy Birthday breh!
doesn't the question need to start at the owner lev?
#wcphilly The post was a top-ten type list that included 5 advertisers, 9 links, and 41 comments.
If you have a prayer request. Please feel free to share it with us on
you know what i really hate.....when people wear crocs!
Of the food and the company!RT : RFD'n it with ! aren't you jealous?!!!
I can just see the t shirt now: Bow to the Box!!!
only worthwhile hologram tweet i've read today RT : hope a manning marable hologram will accept his pulitzer
Now, the New York premiere of Suzanne Farrin's Infinite Here.
My mom thinks im trying to starve myself
Started a small job at the Indiana Blind school today.
Today is a great soup day: Tomato Basil and Chicken Noodle are the featured soups in the SSC in the Arena District today! Come in!
slowly, this project is coming together. i'm tired but the fire in my guts makes me wanna push through with this.
Do you know if it is possible to specify the initial event shown using HTML. Right now it always shows the last event
lololoololo me to.
Ppl just don't like me ; like wth
Whenever I have to go to the bathroom, all I can hear in my head is "Sittin on the toilet!"
when I try to be super quiet I end up being ridiculously loud <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Don't have regular tv set up yet, but the man upstairs is nice enough to keep me informed of the score through the ceiling.
Cool word search adaptation for use in online class! I can use that! #VirtualClass Thanks
The dude. He's pretty solid at brewing it up.
The best bridge between despair and hope is a good night's sleep. --E. Joseph Cossman
After work hours
My Italian Greyhound couldn't last more than 5 minutes outside. I think I need a new dog.
I Wouldn't Change A Thing...
King Taco sounds bomb right now...
I've been really tough on Rondo but he hit some huge jump shots tonight I also love how he fouled to not force the tie #Celtics win
Kyle Orton better not come near Chicago. I'll snap necks!
UM NO
lol yea if only that we're true. That class makes no sense.
Thank you. not as big as the state award, but still pretty cool
#Social Media 101 - Watch the 4 minute #video by #Socialnomics and join the revolution www.easysocialnow.com
me neither haha. wish the Bolts good luck ;) oh me too! I knew they were gonna beat LA! I knew it! xD
truth be told, I thought the same thing the first time I heard "tapas" ;)
I will look into it. Tks for the help.
Shared Mel's Blackstone jingle with the staff tonight.
How does a man show a woman that he is planning for the future? He buys two cases of beer instead of one.
As soon as I turned on The Bulls game, they started losing. I think I'm bad luck.
Malaya Business Insight
Carmelo strained his right groin in the first quarter of tonight's game
voted today
Thank you So much!
#Fridayreads new galley from my friend, the excellent Joe Geha
Good Night :)
Seniors! Sign up to paint your parking spots! We need atleast 15, or the entire thing will be cancelled. Sign up tomorrow! Only $35 bucks!
yall bitches is tired , get off my phone and go get some money .
Pearl Jam - Amongst The Waves - 07:50 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Let's go #duke !
The reason why Augie Men's Basketball will be good next year? Future star is up early on a Friday morning grinding away!
Ugh, I'm like bruised everywhere. ,but it was definitely worth it, just met Christofer Drew.
I love him too
is definitely one of my favorite places in #MKE. Check out my instagram or foursquare to see why. S/O to
I only worked the Boston Marathon and I'm exhausted, god bless all the runners...
Attention Teenagers! 'NO' is a complete sentence! -
Smile! It just might make someone's day :)
your eyes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
youre recent tweets lmao im rollin you a mess
#rewarding Dry Cleaning Business Can Be Rewarding
Looking for Players in Denver area for Fantasy Basketball League.Fee is $50 with prizes up to $500. Please send Direct Message if interested
You're crazy. Every single one of these is pretty cool looking. Especially for public libraries.
Mark Duffy~ I could not lose unless I was caught in bed with a dead girl or a live boy.
The current episode of Bones is not playing. : (
Among other things...RT : And how the fuck did Ana Steele make it to 2011 without an EMAIL ADDRESS?????
Good Morning :)
Hope I have a delivery from #beachbody today with my kids #ShaunT workout and #BrazilButtLift! June challenge cut off is may 26 :)
I so feel u to many lazy ass people how Want to settle for the bare minimum
she looks beautiful. Hope it's fun! Oh the memories :)
Trivia for Jan 11, 2012:On this day in 1935 who became the first person to fly solo from HI to CA?
ugh I feel so stupid right now
can tell the difference which one were his and what questions were from me and i asked who is your role model
Everytime you see me I'm grindin. I stay on that workin shit.
#Spring is such a beautiful season. Take time to enjoy all the fruits of nature...Cool breezes, blossoms, and lots of sunshine!
But you know what? YOU would notice the difference, right? Sometimes, intense attention to tiny detail can be so satisfying....
"The most powerful force is not a STANDING army, but an IDEA that refuse to FALL."—Delano Johnson Embrace your Creativity!™
I really wish I was at the #KentuckyDerby so I could wear what I wore to the Carolina Cup... Tailored Jack Victor
--> I will have to stop by there the next time I'm in Boston.
And sometimes late at night/When I'm bathed in the firelight/The moon comes callin' a ghostly white/And I recall/I Recall...BOB SEGER
ha. Even better.
excited to read about your multigenre papers! (& for the record, I am a fan of darker lit, myself!)
I'll probably get to my 200th tweet within the next month so who wants it?
had the most awesome flight to london friday. thanks jane
Just watched Breaking Dawn part 1 for the first time and it was AMAZING!!(:
yeah really! hopefully they have neighbors that'll update them. was that in an evac zone?
Ok do you want in? (:
FYI: If you have fed. student loans & do auto-pay, the DOE changed their auto-debit dates process (w/o notification)
Tomorrow on the show - Maybe (?) Sen. Scott Brown, Gladstone on "Sexting," Forsberg from ESPN on Sports, and what Big Jim is Thinking.
no 'flip-floppers' there.
Noting's new right now and everything is old right now.
He wears glasses during math because it improves division.
Niggas talk dis sweet elegant shit to females on twitter, but dont do none of that to dey Real Woman.
Yeah, I like it too. Like most zooms, it breaths a bit on focus pulls. But it's sharp, robust, and relatively affordable.
I hate long mrt rides actually
Table is soft as expected.
your welcome :)
Liked B-Franklin's idea on liberty? What about his #Wine theory? "It makes living easier, less hurried, w/ fewer tensions & more tolerance.”
Going to Austin for
is it going to ship in time for the concert though?
I have Facebook,tumblr,ooVoo and twitter retweet if u wanna noe them
My ears are still ringing from tonight I hope I don't go deaf! For real this shit is bugging me
Great show tonight...hope you made it out, and happy you liked the show this week!
ATL with me friend so EXCITED!
Whoever said the dime smoked the dime.
Can't wait for the NM show! Partial RT: Other legs for THE OUTLAW ROADSHOW coming soon. Shows in... New Mexico...& even more
Tomorrow is my grandmother's graveside and I won't be there... so tonight we eat birthday cake and watch old Psych episodes.
I can finally do a heel flip while riding. Now I gotta try doing it on stairs
what happened last night?
Jessica Turral of Hand in Hand presenting, works with juvenile males in BCDC and in reentry. GED and college prep, literacy, mental health.
great interview with Ron.
It's true-I judged. Unicorn just takes the cake (or pie) every time.Sparkles are like a party for your mouth!
you are vey welcome
is one of the coldest engineers in the D #salute my nigga!!!
i like buttholes
You should follow me ;D
looks like she's thinking lmao
That sounds like a dream job!
Had fun in it's my favorite place to come and be a little kid again
Is anyone in BTV tonight?
just finished a 5 week Train the Trainer class w/ ASTD-LA. Great class on effecting change thru learning and engagement.
Voting has begun on the new packers fan club name. Get ready for some rocking conventions
Who wants a #FREE night at our amazing downtown property? Be our 700th follower!
Hey, the shoe fits and you wear it very well. Me? Yes, I'm a proud conservative & I will always look to protect my nation.
I'll just talk to Bridget for the rest of the night I guess.
: No way. I'd never 'threaten' to unfollow a #Sharks fan.
Letting my students watch Passing Strange. Its really reaching 2 of them who are captured by it. We are getting to the real.
JUSTIN I WANT BELIEVE TICKETS
Yes and yes.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning "we wouldnt be runnin if she woulda made her shot, or boxed out, or hustled"
Well Even Though It Was Pain Free , It Only Slowed Me Down 5 Mins
STOP THE CONTEMPLATING
Yes it is.....Take care.
If u didn't hear alfred Williams response to chiefs draft pick hopefully punts that on their web page
Let's try March. I have a project to promote. Thanks!
Crazy cougar Michelle Bachmann on Meet the Press. For once, David Gregory's Woman-hatred makes me smile.
You sure can, but all children under 18 must be accompanied with a parent/guardian!
hi. next time ur @ john varvatos, pls stop by across the street & talk 2 jena. the clothes/look is perfect 4 u.
Listening to KISS Destroyer for probably the 9,000 time. Never gets old.
I had some ish with a jar of Paul Newman sauce.
Hooray, hooray, it's the 4th of May! 's "Tenderloin" opens today!
by just playing blood bowl you win, our league is getting started, cant wait!
Coed rec brackets are set. Quarterfinals start Friday and Sunday. March madness at the indoor arena!!
Insanely cheap cheap cheap advertising rates for ANYONE looking to promote themselves on RichmondNightOut.com -call 955-7257 for more info
Great interview on today.
Any person,anyone who never gives up on you,Is a person you can call a real friend.
I miss you homegirl. You always say you're gonna hang out with jacky next week and y'all never do. Whatupwiddat!?
How about those #Browns? I'll take it!
Yes, there are people who believe NASA faked the moon landing, and the US caused Hurricane Katrina to exterminate Black people.
Good Sunday morning. We are OPEN & ready to serve you. Dbl Punch Drink of the day: Honey Bunch Latte! Remember, everything is on SALE!
Laying here n my sports bra n bball shorts. Y cause somebody got the heat on hell..
Thats what I thought. If he's not careful he will ruin Twitter for everybody. Guess he thinks it is some game.
lol you better fix that!!
RT : I feel the hot air in a car with the ac on blast.. Yup. I'm home.
Packed out in Willowbrook, IL! The Challenge Rocks!!
Nearly 1/3 of the 23 million people in #Yemen don't have enough food to eat (United Nations)
Bet you where ever you spent the summer you couldn't get ice cream delivered to your door at 3 in the morning.
I Believe I Can Fly.
MIKEY and RAY appeared in WWE Raw a few minutes ago
Great workout tonight. New boxing instructor (for me, at least) broke me down. Love it.
Love the new picture. Also really like your descrip of 'other'. I go there, boyfriend hates it. Usually during Real Houswvs
I just dont understand why people be like give me ur number ima call/text u but dont do it
You want prosperity and success, meditate on the Word of God. #readProverbs Don't run behind rich people.
Happy birthday!
I have to SMH over this everyday, friend. This is my work!
Get high and time won't fly
I cant sleep
Great idea. Thank you.
as much as hate it, I had to laugh.
Hey Kendra! Thanks so very much!
Today I stood in front of the IRS building and just flipped them off
Mommy likes mommy's new pic
I think that student should get points just for emailing me to ask abt books w/ interrobangs for her scavenger hunt. Clever, clever.
Mayweather>Pacman BUT... Money is scared to ruin his undefeated record, which is why he tiptoes around the fight, settles for easy bouts.
Happy Birthday to my leeedo sistet Rachel <3 I love her so much and I hope she has a great day ^.^
Take the losses, and use them to inspire you to do even greater things. Hollywood might set you back a couple times. Keep focused, keep on
...the growth will come to a stop only when the Gov. cuts off cold turkey... it will never happen...but one can dream...
Put your middle fingers up!
8 FLAVAHS all the way doe. like they;re the best in my opinion. and no its not because of sympathy they are dope. u cant deny it
RT: This weeks #mediachat guest is and our topic is “Brands and future use of Twitter”. This Thursday at 10pm EST.
#rahmchicago Young Chicago Authors poetry student takes the stage.
And yet I subconsciously chose the groomed one. Interesting.
also can the signing be on the weekends
So, I guess it's probably good, at least for today, I don't have a blog other than this icro stuff going on. huh.
I love it when I'm smart enough to have cooked chicken breast in the fridge. Just made the boy child chicken fajitas :)
Please help us welcome new education member Joan Matsukawa of to #SMCHI! Welcome Joan! cc
your welcome :)
I kinda have to agree with You notice everyone. Maybe you could notice me too?
:( Well that sucks ! Its always hot tho right ?
Yesterday: Great improv session with drama, students worked well on service learning, wife made AWESOME paella!
when the new version of is completed...it will completely revolutionize how people interact battles like
FOLLOW FOR FOLLOW ANYBODY!?
thought you were talking to mee :)
What going on
Exiting things are in the works, kids! Adrenaline is coursing. This town is Magic.
I used to drive a truck for an agricultural firm. During harvest the hours were long. A driver got off early (he definitely didn't like t...
So many poems I love, it was hard to choose! I started with Li-Young Lee, then Elizabeth Bishop, and finally decided on Harjo.
Long day... but - the last shipment (that I'll be involved in, at least!) left our Historical Society today!
It's definitely a hectic crazy busy day & I'm loving it.
This acct inactive for a long time - hope to see more teachers and staff use this great communications tool.
Today is going to be a better day..
Where's the Laker fans at? Too early to boast?
Best Love Song~
Does anyone want to do anything ?
no you are just on European time :D
Yes, #AngelPunk will feature an ex-juvie PDX scooterist character. said her scooter will be more prevalent in the film version.
Pure FUN! RT : Heading to good ole Wausau, WI for some action-packed, beer selling fun on the eve of 's birthday.
nada. empty water bottle. congrats.
#Giro 35.8 The tiny church with the very tall belfry: S. Francescof a Bastardo
comin in hot from Arlington. I'm absolutely winning this pool
Bebe, you fell asleep on me -__- i miss you already. blah but i love you tho :) call me when you wake
oh come now levy that's just mean. (really funny though, but mean).
........ That shit is beyond #stupid!!!!! How you make music but cant sing live???
Huey Lewis, To do music and have people show up, is a dream come true
Nashville folks: are "Lounge" shows free or always a certain price? Site says $0, but also "tickets at the door."
No, but I will be I think. People are just pissing me off right now.
has no life
A 'F' should equal an 'A'. - of (quoting Tony Wagner)
And they even spam him when he's OFFLINE!
This guy on the max looks exactly like Tyga... Uh marry me?
Is there such a thing as escalator etiquette?
I wish I knew Spanish. You are one sexy guy. Gosh and you can sing like an angel. Love that look you have. <3<3<3<3<3
ATTN: There is a shit ton of ice randomly falling from the China Harbor building roof. Literal heads up.
Stop into tomorrow night for our Business Coaching class. 1st timers are free. 255 G ST. San Diego, CA 92101
Only one more final to go. Then it's on to thesis writing and whatever else my next steps might be.
We Go In One Direction Yeah Buddieee
you will.
Whatever happened to England Dan and John Ford Coley
MT : I would love for Wisconsin to be back playing baseball...hoping somehow, someway in future we can make that happen."-Bud Selig
Forgive your enemy but remember the bastard’s name. /via
If you do not change direction, you may end up where you are heading. Lao Tzu
Happy Mother's Day!
What Iphone app will let you tweet more than 160 and just link the rest of the message of it goes over?
Don't Miss Out! SPECIAL: Back To School this week. $1 OFF All 24oz. Smoothies!!!
Yum. RT Cold? You need a hot bowl of chicken sausage chili. Fresh off the stove!
HE>i
When everyone else is getting tan from playing sports outside, but you're still pale cause you're always at the studio
I've lost any cold-weather survival skills I may have picked up in NYC. There is no other explanation for my choice of footwear today.
Ever seen a sexy pirate" pop, lock, and drop it"? We have, and it was beautiful.
Thank you for the retweet ~ I hope all is well, I haven't seen you in a while.
putting on all my OSU bling! <U+E106><U+E22E><U+E42B>
don't be cut nigga
fletcher: DeMaio talks about making this "the Wisconsin of the West," and he's not talking about cheese
Bored. Anyone want to talk? :)
"I always wondered why somebody didn't do something about that; then I realized I was somebody."
Why are dogs noses always wet?
Where you're headed is more important than how fast you're going. - Stephen Covey
So you finished your drink. The ungodly sound you're making with your straw is indicative of that fact. Don't make me cut you.
hey lol you never add me on fb :(
RT : I'm not on the phone so I guess I'll sleep . Angry face . Goodnight .------- should've called me ijs
“: This bitch on taboo is 32 inches tall dating somebody that's 6' 4'' smh” and she had a kid o.O
Glad to hear
Watch A Stunning Video Of Humanity’s Effect On Earth - the Anthropocene--era in which the world no longer shapes humanity...
I have a very clear view of who I am and where I am headed. I hope you join me on this journey!
What to wear? What to wear?
that sounds fun! <U+E420>
#ff Great and hilarious pundit coverage of the recall certification.
There is a guy in this fast food place that has a lizard. Really a live reptile. I'm going to go ask him if I can pet his lizard.
shutupp if anything i should slap you -.- you wont do it you love me too much ^.^
wtf is this!?
Especially this character change LOL
Not happy with the result of Shaemus/Bryan, but holy hell was that an excellently booked match.
HERB FUCKING WELCH!!!!!! :D
hip hop club and trap beats with an original sound
It was called Yellow Lake! Just over the border from MN.
I thought you would appreciate that Sonic headquarters is right around the corner from our hotel.
hahaha! Idk make sure if he does to put it in YOUR savings account.
Apparently need to try the Mickey Mouse waffle tomorrow.
If you are right handed, you will tend to chew food on your right side
Monday Tweetcast - very warm/sunny, highs in the 88-93° range...small rain risk later this week.
We got a couple b-day parties tonight @ TryOuts!!! Expecting a good crowd. Members, tonight is a good night to come on thru
Back to the grindstone before school is out! Just one more month...
yea buddy. she goes i live on hurley st. after work come on over. #Coots had more teeth than her.
“: I just wanna curl up in a ball and cry.” with
Redheads get me everytime
oh yeah!!!!!! I gatta pick up my mom right quick <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Im still smoking..
“: Wow, it's crazy windy out there this morning!” ya, it's obnox...45mph gusts..nasty
You have chickens, do you live in Hampden per-chance? Are you missing one this morning?
rage? No. I got work in the morning. And I don't even like you.
: yes. Olathe has very few in the way of celebrities, so if Buddy Limbeck's inviting you to his house, you go.
I got a B on my Exams helped my letter grade, about to study for my next two exams then get braided for my scene in the movie Blac Gurl Lost
Struck by Hawthorne describing Wakefield as the "hero" of his tale.
Never give up on someone, you can't go a day without thinking about.
ITS TIME, ALPHAS!!
How Much Does it Cost to convert Locks? | security code lock
MN Gov Mark Dayton declared this week Printer's Week. Should be a good time at the Star of Excellence Awards tomorrow.
I am!!! I think they need to lay off Lisa an Adrian doesn't need to take things so personal
Sort of. I know what they look like! :) RT : they now have squatters rights, per foursquare law.
Every once in a while, we #meet people who #leave us w/ either a #good sense of being, a broken #heart or a #great #lesson ;)
Jury selection begins for trial of man accused of murdering Jennifer Hudson’s family
My #newyears resolution is to read books written by twitter followers and other indie authors on kindle. This should be fun!
hey you have those moments too<U+E404>
At Marianne Hirsch's lecture on postmemory if anyone wants to follow #Hirsch (won't be using the #mla12 tag again, since it's over and all)
Kiayyyaaaaaaaa I Need Them Freakin Boots FRIDAY. :/ .
love is an unconditional commitment to a flawed individual
Yeahbut, seems June Gloom came early thus year.
watch wrbl for 1st time in a long time... knew something different about you... GO WARRIORS.... opps meant EAGLES
we have like 5 every day for homework
Download new iTunes. View Purchased Music, ordered by Most Recent. Scroll to bottom. Cringe at your old self's horrible taste in music.
Picked up my 9YO entrepreneur's backpack yesterday. Thanks !
Haha. With that said, don't go pistol-whipping anyone either. I know you learned that at Curley, too.
Doing great, Tariq! How about you? Hope you have a great Friday!
#Digitalhumanities projects such as that work with, rather than against, the internet are those that succeed
This is inevitable. Im sure the #NSA monitors and stores info on Americans too.
I'm goin to miss when she leaves I'm gonna cry!! :(
i was once addicted too.
Haha well said dude. PLEASE a non wreckfest this weekend!
How about Ruslan Pateev. He needs to start taking on more. Will Bo Barnes see any action today?
Just livin the life. Still in madison. You?
listening to 'Up All night' makes me feel like I want to stay up all night ;)
break time
#NFB a cute British chick <U+E231> <U+E230>
follow my friend and help her reach 950. she follows back :)
She sings great but her looks... Eh not so much
Life is not fuckin easy
Hey guys! This is sorta important, but do you know if Harry still sponsors for Brain Cancer?:) I'll Tell you guys later-Kelly xoxoxo
Just stopped at Jack in Box
Marta Woodhull and Singing For A Living support #SAG-AFTRA ONE UNION! Voting for merger !
I shit hunnid dollar bills cuz all I eat is money!
Celine Dion joins Ricky Martin and in American Cancer Society #causemarketing campaign
thanks, Allison! That feature is def on the timeline!! #forreal :)
I be at uwm hoopin all the time
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day I need some Cookies and Milfs wait milk.lol
the #vegan marshmallows are ready 4 roasting!! What did your family enjoy most?
Who posts that & calls it bacon?sheesh
The Bible joke would actually have made sense this time. He was quoting from the original Greek ... I thought about doing it
It's like I'm the one you love to hate
Fantastic job. That's an amazing accomplishment.
Nothing like starting the day with some cold windy drizzle. Yuck.
I think we can guarantee plenty of board gaming options in our #thatcamp game room.
Amen sister.
They look fantastic! Glad they arrived safely. Enjoy.
All you rappers, and even you "rappers" need to get at my dude for a mixtape. My artist had 22,000 views in 1 wk.
100th digital short just made me cry. Omg im gonna miss andy. Ahah
haha nothing. I just had one of those moments
Also remember Matt Schaub and Hasselback... : Folks talking Matt Flynn for Browns. STOP! Remember Matt Cassel, Kevin Kolb.”
Goodluck s/o to and on their civil service exam #killit guys!
yeah they're good guys
Yay it stopped rain'n...I know #ATX needs rain but geez can we get a break! I need to do cardio outside tonight...
I turned and he was leaning toward me, his pale, glorious face just inches from mine. My heart stopped beating.
Hey did you guys know that Zooey Deschanel is quirky?
Just wondering if you could give me the address to your blog? Thanks a bunch!!
agnihotra and yoga seems like the perfect morning!
When you are ready to drop 1-2lbs a day we're here! When you have Q's we're here & when you celebrate being SKINNY HERE! www.lasvegashcg.com
thx for following. I just mentioned you on the radio today :)
We're off to #SanAntonio then #Houston to meet with clients. You all have a Good Friday, Happy Passover, swell Easter, & a great wknd!
The most important lesson of the Harry Potter series is that everyone marries a person they started dating in junior high.
Fried after full day of learning Good stuff!
Read the first chapter of 'Breaking Stalin's Nose' last night. It's already drawing me in.
The Tablet Market Report 2012-2017
PUSSY POPPN IN A HANDSTAND!
Join us May 5th from 11AM-6PM as we welcome jewelry designer Gurhan Orhan (), shop over 500 pieces from his beautiful line!
But it's *research*. That's productive... eventually...
up early ready to take on the day head first. Lets get it
#What2ChainzWouldSay Drop ya panties hello kitty. Open ya shirt hello titties. Pipe her down touch her kidneys. get that money OPRAH WINFREY
:* there it is
Gucci mane suppose to been made another song wit Jeezy
There's nowhere to plug into.
I am so ready to move out i will be so happy to #INEEDTOMOVE OUT
"Hey, come say hi to Phil!" **Crowd cheers** Did they get the audience from the 1800s?
knowing austin probably won't see your tweet.. but trying anyway.
Do not forget its Mother's Day Sunday! and Cinco De Mayo tomorrow
I dont have a drinking problem.. the problem is i dont make enough money to drink like i want # lol
guys if your motto is GTL you are a tool.stop hiding it
all i needed was a hug and some ice cream to cheer me up
CANT wait to see on !!! He's AMAZING.<3
Henry Ford Ironically, making a statement with words is the least effective method.
The dilemma when you have just finished a Lean Cuisine but you are still starving :( This is why I'm so fat in the first place
"Must swear off from swearing. Bad habit." --Rutherford B. Hayes (FBK, #Kenyon College, 1880)
GO USA!
working here for me, but there are a lot of starts and stops.
Never, while we love each other, And are worthy of our mother, Shall we live unblessed, my brother. (1850)
IM HITTING THE PBR NEXT.
Pro Skier Jess McMillan Shows Passion and Perseverance Pushing Through an Injury Stricken Season An avid freeskiing fan might ask, “What’s
birth of a beautiful little girl. For six years Fate left this girl alone. During this time she grew and grew. And everyday she became
oh? ok mate..
How big is the TV.
I am now learning how touse geyser to increase my traffic
Forecast for Today: Mostly sunny. Isolated showers and thunderstorms this afternoon. Highs in the mid 80s. Southwest...
most of the men tweeting about #wifeymaterial need to learn how to be
One thing that people like to complain about is tables at restaurants being too close together
morrigan was in one as a secret character. I forget the name though.
"Grace and peace be multiplied unto you through the knowledge of God, and of Jesus our Lord," 2 Peter 2
and what would u do if I did
Htown w. D fam when I get off work.....
yeah you really do. :)
“If you Love, Care, and Appreciate, you will have an Amazing life”… Lane
Really enjoyed tonight's #teaching2030 discussion. Off to grad school work. Then grading. Maybe sleep eventually.
Apparently I need to get my wisdom teeth out and it'll cost $7,000 w/ my insurance. No wonder my dentist drives a Range Rover.. Dang.
probably something crazy like Sean Weatherspoon ranked
hell yeah!!
what's wrong? :/
“Nothing in the world is ever completely wrong. Even a stopped clock is right twice a day.” - Paulo Coelho
I think its time to graduate..
Dodged me ...
RT I'm here to declare to you--the past is over! Old things are made new! -- Great Motto!
proud of the Yanks win today! :) love them...super upset tho, that Mariano Rivera is out for the season. :(
why u hatin' on Ferguson? Craig Ferguson is hilarious sir
Thank you for coming!
:3 thank you.
We're still bullish on AAPL; the stock is going to 300 no doubt. RIMM is going to 40, GOOG is going 550, GRMN is going to 20.
we will be on the road until May
great to see you today! looking forward to catching up :D
nice huh ?
u do the same.
So fun...and so delicious!
Live and delicious - tonight at , Clarke, Saleh, Napier. Who on earth would miss this?
GOAL DEVILS
Do me a "solid" and follow my band
Thanks to everyone who came to #SpeakEasy last night! We had a great time. We think we hit our fundraising goal. Final count in progress...
over 6,000 UK fans at south carolina tonight. Best fans, best coach, best program.
like the mock. Great fun! Interesting to see Worthy dropping to the 3rd round.
I love to see ND Football struggle. They're making your degree lose it's value bro Haha..
There's too many two faced bitches
OMG girls! I just realized it was about a year ago that we were running around at Opening Day of the Races!
come celebrate our cd release with zest of yore and tighten up dj's at beauty bar tonight!
Last night in NYC! Covering major ground from west village to Bowery!
SNES greatest console ever?
Romney #dodge debates are the
lol i think the puppy is so much cuter..jk;)seriously though is it a boy or girl and whats its name
Anyone else excited about superbowl commercials?
…the sense of accomplishment that comes from having all your cereal bowls clean at once…
Gerard Howard, Founder Of Marchingsport.com Joins The 2010 MLK High School Battle Of The Bands As Celebrity Judge.www. mlkgrandeparade.org
a belated thumbs up on the immigrant entrepreneurs panel. I heard it on my drive home for Christmas — way to rep civic journalism!
listen to "you and i" by lady gaga and tell me you debt cream your pants
What is your favorite Rawhide Ranch camp memory?
omg.sorry to hear that melo
Greg Anthony on Paul Pierce: "[He's] as complete a small forward as we have in the NBA."
If I could revive ONE dead musician for a live encore performance, I'd choose #StevieRayVaughn. What about you?
Green Lantern had enough will power to make giant green fly swatters. I don't have enough will power to stop looking out the window!
Newsflash: Jeezy talks about selling cocaine, y'all. (Re: TM103)
I'm now starting to realize how important family is.
oh yea i gotta go to fuck ass work
What is the first warning sign of AIDS? A pounding sensation in your ass.
Bought my Mom a Michael Kors handbag for her day. Went over big!! They had bags at Nordstrums cost as much as my car LOL.
Loss to Lakeview Cent. In OT with a chance to convert 2on1 to win reg. still haunts me. LC went on to state final game.
Today's the scary day that I print out my fledgling novel and hand it to the world's toughest editor: my hubby.
We have developed a new partnership with a social media promotion software company! Announcement coming soon. Any ideas on who?
"The Expert" Energy Broker Steven Banass invites you to "Friend him on FACEBOOK" SEARCH FOR Steve Banass Increase your network! I REFRIEND!
30 minutes then off for the day
Why the Fuck was the sun a baby on teletubbies!?
Cappuccino Coffee
Excellent choice! And the Jaws theme would have been inconceivable without it. Wait—are you including the riot?
Just talked to the big bro for a minute. We havent talked like this in years. But whenever it's a girl problem that's my nigga
The good news? Close to 70 Sunday & mid-70s on Monday. Who's ready?
found out my mom was a guy - lauren
Instagram - Turning every lightbulb into tungsten
Awesome. Love the local ties to
with #300KMahomies your definitely going to be the next YouTube star!:)
Really Chris Resop? Really?
dm me ur email again bro fina send somen Ova right now!!!!!
Does anyone remember Rocket Power? Omg.
Had an awesome dinner with and the boyz.. God is truly blessing this wonderful family!
Happy thanksgiving everyone!
Judging by the amount of parties today, "National Weatherperson Day" has really taken off.
Daily Creative Confession with Delano Johnson: NOV14 Mine: Convert every discouragement into an encouragement. Whats your confession?...
Planning is key to success. No problem if you don't have all the tools to do it for yourself. That is what we do! WE can help YOU!
only if you take one of mine! Wear something cute :)
A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd. Max Lucado
Make sure to follow if you're an iconiac, she is too (: also a 787 fanatic and KoalaDanceBot! She's a GRANDer!
Watching my baby Paul walker , Fast five <333
Hey Annie i love your perspective pieces and column your welcome, your a great and very talented writer.
Wherever you listen throughout the world, it's football time in Tennessee!
lol the tickets for the 2013 north american tour in april of this year, so if i get tickets i'll have to wait till next year to see them.
Someone take me to McDonalds to get an ice coffee?
I need to go to sleep...
From what I can see, you're very talented & well connected. The difficulty in your biz is that it's a small community.
Life Before Internet...Share with me something you remember...
Somebody shuld throw a project x type party
I am in the midst of the wilderness.
But I've had my fair share of boners in my life, so I'm not wondering what it feels like... o.o
I'm expecting another Boston visit when you and get out of school for the summer
this Monday? Sure...I'll stick around.
#SaySomethin words can't say ah austin ur #awesome:)))
Bday this weekend
RT : Happy 2 Years of being real people Class of 2010!
Fantasy Football Draft starts.....RIGHT NOW!
lmao...so true. He is good I agree. But not on Lee, weaver, verlander level
Feelin So Diesel Smokin on Sum Sour, We the Highest In The City like The Key Bank Tower
Woke up with a bruise on my eyelid...maybe I was kickboxing in my sleep. You shoulda seen the other guy...
im tired of stupid shit i really im
hey ppl
No doubt.
thank you bubz
I'm there! Can I also send email addresses of a couple friends who would want to come?
My To-Do list is in AP style.
Can we add a task in to be featured on asana? :-)
- Thanks for the RT's & spreading the word about the
Thanks to our new Albuquerque followers!!
All I want for Christmas is for it to snow ):
fa sho! I followed you on sound cloud too! But shit if you drop anything new anytime soon tweet at me bro!
Great new platform coming in a couple of weeks!
A-Wiggle-wiggle-wiggle-wiggle-wiggle
lol ohh yeah! Im anti Miami!
We bought a zoo <U+E050><U+E051><U+E526><U+E109>
Merry Christmas!!!
so do the Chiefs
An article which will help to keep monitoring at the top of our list. ttp://ow.ly/6y3iq
Our web page will be up and running pretty soon so you can order delivery on line....stay tuned!
Off to see avengers
To the library: Since Borders closed, I spend LESS on books and more time in the library. I spend less and borrow more: ha,ha!
“: Who does everybody got winning tonight? Can't wait to watch!!” ... The
In the living room blasting videos on music choice bre and my shanky man sleep I put him to sleep lls proud Godmommy
my work/biz and my teaching (I teach social media and strategic communication design too)
DOES NOT give a shit about the end of desperate housewives pass it on
Thanking the man above!!! With his guidance I am blessed to see another year this morning.
He'll drop the J word on you then
Follow back man!
Black, square-jagged patch hanging flat in the sky: Stealth bomber circles Nellis.
Hansen: How do we attach sensory access to the sensibility that is now out of reach and why is it imperative that we do so.
Thanks for retweeting our post!
Fingerprints like an album! "Every record that you do man, is so different in every way." - Jerry Cantrell
sorry guys, promise the rant is over lol
Because I only go three days a week?
I think Corradi makes #IMFC. Fitness will get there. Very smart FW, great quality and personality. RT : How does Corradi seem?
thanks for responding you made him get the boner of his life!
You love me :) hahahha
wow... nice choice of words lol xD
I don't mind the term slactivism to much, but was remembering a tweet from saying that she hated it.
Also old dude next to me needs to stop fucking with his ringtones.
I'm getting sick of playing phone tag with !
When you feel singled out<<
RT In #StarWars The Phantom Menace in 3D, you can actually see George Lucas taking the money right out of your wallet.
very excited for some sushi and burgers with my baby
I'm going to make some nachos!!!! Yummy!
Nah, you wouldn't want to borrow when money is cheap, construction is cheap and unemployment is high.
Everyone follow she's #smashbrothers certified
Theon couldn't even get a clean decapitation...
#kohails has one of the largest teams of contributors in the world, bigger than some well-known projects like
Sent you an email yesterday! Did you get it? Look for a message from . Thanks, Ashley!!
I definitely want to include a stop there! It's called Teakwood's! Also on the list is Cold Stone & Sprinkles (I <3 dessert)
hi there.
Geology 'Rocks'
Stop and enjoy the chocolate aroma..
Wow. Zachery Tims gone?? You never know when it's coming. Do what you can while you can.
Shhhhhh! Librarians with something to say:
WV native Johnnie Johnson was Chuck Berry’s longtime piano player and was an “architect” of Berry’s sound. The Rolling Stones were BIG fans!
Ken keeps checking my profile once every couple of Weeks. It creeps me out sometimes
#ILostMyVirginityTo a black dude. Don't worry, he was mixed with what I can only assume was a fairy. It's not always true, leave it at that.
SB of the Month (May=BETUS!!-Part2)/Best Free Contests, Free Picks, Best Tools for Gambling and Casino/POKER!! more.....
Lmfao haven't been in twitter in weeks
I am an only child...
aw <3 goodnight(:
Best friend just told me that she needs to give me a few days so I can think about my life. When I need her the most. family hates me
I know we're not shoe shopping but...
MY MOM IS SAGGING HER P ANTS OMG SOTP I CANT ASDFGHJKL H A
my last tweet made me seem like a stalker.....
Everything costs fuckin too much money.. Can i please just not be poor anymore? Like honestly...
i never win anything :((
Drs office is taking fooorevvver today. Ugh!
we have our ways Jules. Have faith haha! Jk
I Am What I Am
You're so damn depressing.
We already have handcuffs
With the fearful strain that is on me night and day, if I did not laugh I should die. ~ Abraham Lincoln
I now know more broke primary care MD's than rich ones! Mandate insurance companies cover Pre Existing Condition or help Clinics red tape
haha then it shall come to past!
TWEET ME #Texaswillmissaustin AND I'LL RT :) <3 HELP US TO TREND IT!
If you get me ticket to a Yankee game next summer, I'll be there. :D
hahaha we are just that god lol and THANK YOU :] <3
May the 4th be with you!
Sad face!
I fuckin love my dad right now
you've got to get up the courage to talk to him! It might be worth it one day!
im so confused.lol
VEGAS WAS DOPE!
I love them both already, and either one sounds like they would be good for you guys. Trying not to get too excited, but... :)
Its too windy to go running I might blow away
I'm thinking Mavs and Bulls in the finals... ha... Uranium I said it lol, no heat
Thanks buddy.
A$AP Rocky - Hands On the Wheel
lets party!
"Radicalism is... asking difficult but important questions about the root causes of inequality in higher education..." via
it's is fan fic but so is rosencratz and guildenstern are dead so I don't care about that.
sounds great Allison!!
Damn it feels good to be a gangster!!! That's a win streak started.
This won't be the last of it. Don't want to become a human ad, you know? Just periodically dropping it in there. Thanks for RT!
Do #OKCThunder fans really care so much about Ron Artest? Does it deserve a second thought?
Or taking a nap* autocorrect!!!
yea i kno love u sis
Really disappointed in my former home state, North Carolina. Wish I could've been there to vote against A1. Come on now, people.
I start with name, odds, trainer, jockey is big, wins, the. Of course where the horse is from. That's a KY native for ya haha
Hair gel, when put into the wrong hands, can be a weapon of extreme douchery.
I will look for your post card. Cheers,
#onlyintheghetto u will see a beat up mini van with SPINNERS, only ONE spins though :/ haha!
figured night audit had you zonked...
from my knuckles to my elbow its purple and pink and it says austin on the front mahone on the back and theres hearts and name
can't wait for July. Bad news bad motha fuckin news
needs a dj in our offices every wednesday! Let's get this party started!
i'm so ready for some amazing schiaparelli!!!
": we're not cool anymore. That tis all -_-" um yes we are!!!
have you ever had steamed broccoli with cheese on top? So good
So hurt his ankle & had to cancel upcoming Black Cards shows. We think he saw the Reno date & said "Uh oh, Wayward is from there"
the diff is TV isn't performative: you don't lose visibility, esp in most professional spheres, by not having watched The Bachelor.
favorite smell: carbs toasting in a toaster oven
We haven't seen a Perkins rocked that hard since Tiger Woods was on the loose.
Time to pick out my outfit for tomorrow.
Yay, THANKS...you made my day!
follow plz follow she :D
Falling in love all over again
S/o to my big brova for directing another feature film in Stadium last night!!!
The writing and recording is going really well. I have a new single ready to go and two more almost done.
These ?s should help you narrow down your choices so you know where to begin your search for a scanner. Contact us with other ?s
wow that sounds great!
Way to go Albuquerque! Business Facilities Mag. ranks ABQ high in several areas. #8 in economic growth potential. JeffReynolds,com
Happy to say that we have a new beer sponsor for the upcoming season! Thanks to Amy at Lone Star !
? -> why is ole miss in a chick-fil-a kickoff game? really, why?
I love that the woman doing the orientation said the State of #Chicago. Amen.
#JohnCarter.... this is so close to #JohnConnor... does anyone else hear this name in an Arnold Schwarzenegger voice?
I will say this, I'll never complain about employment during these economic times. :)
Worked on our honeymoon registry last night. can stop daydreaming about our trip to italy!
we are now open but please bare with us with pickups we just want to make sure everyone gets what they dropped off
I need some chicken soup and TLC that only a mother can provide :)
Now Playing <U+266A> Workin' Overtime by Walter Trout
Despite Sirc's view, I'm still not convinced English Literature has a place in FYW, mostly because that's not the type of writing most do.
Also, I won't buy the latest Meatloaf album
Well, exactly! Love your twitter background using the MGM class picture, btw.
unfortunately not. Gotta get back to the city. You can probably lure Frank "second wind" Gruber out however.
I need a boyfriend at times like this.
In love, somehow, a man's heart is always either exceeding the speed limit, or getting parked in the wrong place - Helen Rowland
Excited to be at for the #cfaleadercast this morning with
your welcome
I can't say out loud how my brain twisted that tweet into something completely different.
My contact lenses make me feel like I'm inside a Fun House... or I could just be having the clown hallucinations again.
Thinking Broncos 27 Steelers 13 sounds about right!!
omg. the kennerly shirts today were AMAZING. can't wait till wednesday to wear them....SHHH dont tell! ;)
I'm praying for you!! Favor is following you!!
So sorry that my Twitter hiatus has dragged on--I miss all you Tweethearts!
There are so many ways to make money in this world, you just have to find your way
Sometimes I wonder how I manage to stay in the lines
Williamsburg+wine tweeting
John Lynch asks crowd to scream "buddy" , Junior Seau's favorite nickname
"The Essay Connection" author Lynn Z. Bloom will speak @ 9:30AM session on vital research topics
WHEN I MEET THEM I'M PUTTING MY PHONE ON VIDEO AND STICKING IT IN MY BRA SO I WILL HAVE MEMORIES
good night:)
Unless you change how you are,you will always have what you've got.
i rly have to stop staying up so late.....
RT : "Whenever you have truth it must be given with #love, or the message and the messenger will be rejected." -Mahatma Gandhi
Manning to Broncos - Savvy business move. A risk, yes. Could it pay off or back fire...of course. MUCH BETTER than the current option.
I'm really focused on getting that job!
Yes. That swing was a sign that could change soon though. RT : is he still homer-less?
Yahoo health: S.Africa, Swiss firm Lonza in $211 mln drug JV
"Men substitute words for reality and then argue about the words" (after fear of being eaten is gone :)
Think I'll find a facility that would clone me, ala "Multiplicity". I need to have someone come out and play with me.
Long tail--let big nous have short phrases. Takes 6 to 28 months to grow traffic Key word tool: audience
Bayern are not a good PK team. Although if this goes to PKs it is nerves, not skill.
Well I got spacers today! Braces next week!! Scared but excited <U+E404>
RT : CNN BREAKING- North Korea has agreed to a moratorium on nuclear activity at Yongbyon, its major nuclear facility -U.S. State Dept
probably the crispest pitch all day
I pretend that i'm fine and I act like everythings okayy, when in reality i'm broken and tired.
Movie Night at Peru Main Street UMC!!!! The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch, and the Wardrobe. Fri., Feb. 24th, 6:30 PM!!!
The only metadata was MARC when I went to libschool #oldfart RT : all this talk about actionable metadata makes me cringe
they really kissed? Or was it edited?(:
We have a secret gift for you. Stay tuned... you will love us for this one.
anyone know a good and cheap camera repair shop in London for my Mark ii?
if im on your tl Follow me bck i just followed a lot of ppl
20 minutes earlier our asses would have been in that police car too. someone is looking down on us!
Bumping: human nature by Michael Jackson
": Don't look wrong cause I WILL get on ya ass!!" R we having a bad day? Lol
please follow me. Fellow filmmaker. Huge fan.
good morning Jill!!!
Thanks for visiting the exhibit!
story. of. my. life. RT : I always have a bobby pin... except when I need one.
You should have held back that info RT I already own the suit, so its kind of a no brainer I think.. or maybe not
If I lived a driving distance or train, I'd be there without question. A game 5 or 7 is more likely for me.
“Good girl, gone bad Crooked world, wrong path Right mom, wrong dad” ~Lil Wayne
its blocked out on comcast
#WhatGetsMeMad; when you text me and then take forever to reply.
When u think ur leading and no one is following, then your just taking a walk
thanks so much.
Many people have spoken to me about it. I may be a prophet. I'd put that quote on a bumper sticker.
Greece's potential exit from the euro zone and fears over a slowdown in China kept U.S. investors on edge.
Tell the Man to suck a dick.
Love that new Miguel track...
#Tengohambre .... i'm Hungry
like how u took 10 min to figure that out :P can u ask troy if i can send tacos :O
Poised Creation has began developing a network of photographers!!!
Free baseball for 's birthday!
Why rain delays in football all the sudden...since when is football in the slop no longer allowed?
Alright #Brewers beasts! time to go pheast on these Phillies!
Stop fighting over twitter. No one wants to see your pointless drama.
PLEASE follow me?!
Tonto, jump on it.
thank you for the follow
Forecast for This Afternoon: Numerous showers and thunderstorms. Highs in the mid 70s. South winds 5 to 10 mph....
My favorite local vacation spot= on the Erie Canal
Thanks for the follow! I'll be '3 Sheets to the Wind' tonight after our show at the Hard Rock Battle of the Bands at City Walk!
I love MY bestfriends, & (:
Man that sounds scrumptious.
so tonight, I'm hoping to get out to his house and spend some time with him. Maybe even spend the night? Oh I would be so happy!!
We hope to see you!
Upgrading to HDTV has provided a lot more reality than I was prepared for.
OR are you doing both?
seems kinda harsh..
sleeping without a shirt on is the best feeling ever. I'm alone in my basement room :(
Babysitting the neighbor kids later :)))
Last night we had local hospitality executives having fun and speaking lots of Spanish in their CALA Academy Real-Life Spanish course!
It's gotta be all of the above. The question is, will all of the above continue throughout the game?
who said.i was done?<U+E105><U+E409>
#prsun #bxbiz - In celebration of PRSUN's 10th anniversary, I want to go to Washington, DC, and to Puerto Rico this year.
ah I'm so jealous! Where did you meet him?
it made me LITERALLY lose my mind! (where did it go?)
I'm at pei Wei with pandy bear... Broke my "don't leave the house today" rule...
Oh well (:
ive been on a hipster alternative kick haha
I cant wait for my next tattoo!
Happy Turkey Day <3 hope you guys have a nice time with your friends & family. Oh, & remember to give thanks. Stay Mindless :* - Arlene <3
I use the basic HTML as my default. Means I have to refresh my mailbox myself but now nobody bothers me on Gchat. Success?
Practice joy. It's easier than stress... It really is. :)
Very happy ppl not over achieving n this Law class
A big thanks to the students of the Advanced & Multivariate Statistics class! We look forward to working with you next semester!
im soo tired
Hey, how are you today?? :)
Got a mad case of the Fridays today
Just looking at a book about #ledzeppelin - if i ever managed a rock band I'd insist on #doubleguitars all round.
I hate the twitter on my new phone. It doesn't give you a notification when u get a mention or a dm. Like seriously bro
um...thanks but I'm focused on school and ministry right now, not really dating ne1 except God
R.I.P. WHITNEY HOUSTON!!!
Lord knows I have to hold my tongue. If there wasn't a end before their sure will be one now.
Let go of those who bring you down and surround yourself with those who bring out the best in you.
Happy Sweetest Day to my wonderful husband
nice job Pete. enjoyed the article.
Happy official first day of spring! How are you enjoying the weather today? We're busy gearing up for the coming months
happy birthday cunado hehe ! hope you had a good one :D
everyday. “: Its a kinda day today.”
Coulson J of the EWHC rules in favor of CB Richard Ellis Hotels Ltd. in professional negligence case: [2010] EWHC 1156 (TCC).
any #Graduation gift suggestions for ?
It looks great on you!! Can I add this picture to my website?
Shots of vodka at noon. I love my Polish family. Merry Christmas Eve!!
It's another episode of the show! Marlins beatwriter AND #JohnBosa of the #MiamiDolphins will join the show.
I believe in love at first sight
Lot of black smoke, fire, emergency sirens looks like anacostia...helicpoters
wine an dine
#WellDone are you back in the city?
(Bennett's idea of poetry as a kind of social salve is itself kind of retro. Auden: "poetry changes nothing.")
": Don't give up I know you can see All the world and the mess that were making Can't give up"
Most people ain't always loyal like they say they are.
Wishing a happy Friday to all of our customers & a thank you to all of the contractors working in the heat. Stay cool my friends.
But even you must admit there are those who use their 9/11 stories like some kind of cocktail story. It's those I hate.
l want chinese food!
Morning wood. ^_^
Prom with <3
Happy birthday !! :) <3
Her children arise and call her blessed - Psalm 31:28
let me get this straight -- my iphone 3G, which is still under contract, won't be eligible for the multitasking upgrade? huge scam.
The shirt reads; WAKE UP!! He's coming back. SO TURN MY MUSIC!!!...They will be available soon for purchase. Thank You~BAMM.
absentees in Franklin show 1400 against, 1100 for Westerville levy
Can't disagree with that. Good for the sport here, though. 20 years ago, would an American even be in the top 500 in the world?
Shout out to follow back <3
Safe travels my dear!
So jealous of for seeing the avett brothers last night in Springfield!! I can't stop wishing I had been there!
Right? I was tweeting Megan, I cant stand the way her character is treating Karen!!!!
is finally on twitter. What took us so long?
Thanks so much! We really appreciate that
RT : Just as a wave is a movement of the whole ocean, you are the energy of the cosmos. Don't underestimate your power.
does this mean your signed now?:)
I am looking for a speaker for a Managment Conference in June. Looking for the 9am to 10:15 slot on the 2nd Tuesday in June.
That's wonderful.
Happy hour till 630 @ Unicorn. That's 5 buck jamesons and 2 buck beers. Bring a game and stay indoors. Happy first day of summer losers!
Sunday is gonna be great! I have at least 4 losers for you all!
will you please stop playing the Clancy Brothers on the juke box.
we'll be starting that process in April. stay tuned for more info!
Thank you so much. I will have to take a trip out one day when the weather breaks
ah man I needed to go shopping to I was watchin dragon ball z all day I wasmt payin attention to anything else lol
Hurricane Irene made my day a little ridiculous even from thousands of miles away! Trying to organize a rehearsal session in NYC - ugh!
I totally agree
These niggas ain't got drive like me
. You're both an object model and an instance of that object.
Damn wish I woulda bought that pharrell and kanye dvd
Listening to Tom Katis, CEO of An incredible story and great entrepreneur. Thanks for speak today.
Sometimes some people need a
Is everyone ready for the #pghbloggers party tonight at the new headquarters! We are excited!
please, someone tell me the chorus to the new rhianna song is "I fell In love with a hookers face."
#oscars #TweetRoast want to make the oscars better? 86 these bullshit awards. Editor and sound mixers? Yawn
Review: Who doesn't love a book that keeps you surprised and engaged from beginning to end?!
You give me the feelings people write novels about.
true true, is that good or bad?
I said I'd rather be with you but you are not around
Anyone at PNC today? I'm Heeerrrreeee!
thanks for the RT's!!
Hi there (: lol
My phone informed me that kids born after 1996 arent the only ones who dont know who Tom Hanks is.I'm sure Tom BANKS appreciates autocorrect
That's a tough one! Sometimes a nursing necklace helps, but when they want it- they want it!
Feel free to purchase our lip balms! We NEVER test on animals (except willing humans :o).
I can fuck with this orlando movement tho
Tomorrow is national British accent day.
Wow, I'm one who doesn't understand the Thomas type. For me, it's Barkley standing alone at No.1 and everyone else behind
Achieve your best body ever with Hollywood Ellite Trainer Max "The Body"
follow she will follow u back
All these banking scandals 2bn losses a con artist found away to get Billions without having a nickle
i think it's funny when i have deep conversations about life with ms. subia c':
Looking forward to setting a date with you guys! Also, the amazing food!
should i get a coke zero or a cup of coffee?
lol! i am a recruiter & received a call on my caller id j.knight. got excited and it was a sales call :0(
Every time a manager calls for a sacrifice bunt a puppy dies.
I just looked up and realized I'm three rabbit holes deep. What was the actual problem again?
oh god there it is again
i always dream of sushi…where is this movie at?
I Cried When Cried :'(
T.G.I.F.yesterday,today chile chesse fries from Lotaburger.Take the time to tell your family You love Them!
and I just landed in #Austin. Lots of #ACL hipsters on the plane. And us. We were on it, too.
working working & working, I just ready to get this stuff done
Hi I've been under the weather but I'm feeling better today.
2011 is definitely starting out right! Growth and more growth for Oklahoma Home Repair! Come see us at www.oklahomahomerepair.com today!
F the Haters and The Gators!
Highlands vs. CovCath and Newcath vs. Holy Cross does it get any better on a Friday night in NKY?
So many pretty little pieces of colored glass to cut and solder!
Trying to work with Surpass ILS. Really hate products that are designed to be idiot-proof. They're generally only idiot-friendly.
RT for shoutout mention for follow back(;
: Worst regret = going against your gut feeling"
Ladies: Trust me, nice guys are all around you, it's just that the a$$holes are blockin your view. Lol
Make sure you stretch before working out!!
how is 6th grade
No real upsets happened. I will be getting ready for Sabbath. Can't wait for the chance to rest and relax.
I just unbuckled it
Warhammer Fantasy happening tonight at 7:00pm! Hope to see you there!
Bitch I Dm'd u mine!!!
thank you so much!
Let's go Hawks!
Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Ryan Reiss
Hello Wimberley, it's been a while!
Music Never Sleeps <3 Followers ??? Chilling at Maine ! Love the place ...
Had a long and tiring week and all I can do is wake up at 5:47 on a Saturday.
Lower east side ...
Maui Mall’s 40th anniversary celebration is on 12/3-12/4. Prizes, entertainment & surprises! Learn more at Sunday’s Super Shopper event.
My B-day is coming up in 2 days, please wish me a happy birthday <U+2665> <U+2665> love you!
i said that?? miss u guys already we entertained the parisian graf bro for yall after you slipped out. back home hang w char now
That one chick is scarier than Snooki...she must be her understudy, now that Snooki is preggers.
Had an awesome night.
Its about time school ended.
God Bless America Hoodie Hooded Sweatshirt – USA Patriotic Eagle Adult Pullover Hoody White
RT : Happy Earth Day everyone! Reminder: Check-in to 2 different organic beers to claim your badge on !
I did it or 2 years . It was easier . . The days go by quick . . .
We're looking forward to tomorrow's #HackingEdu Happy Hour! What questions would you like to ask & ?
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." -John D. Rockefeller
Happy Monday! Give us a thumbs up if you are enjoying this gorgeous weather.
haha yes I did.
haha you actually did it...awesome
yeah, I'm just scared, knowing Apple, that they won't even put that basic feature. We'll see today!!! EEk
9 laps left, Delta Tau Delta is leading and smelling a championship. Going to be a close finish.
That's the longest I've ever washed dishes. And the most. My hands are so dry :( had to rewash all the pans cuz ants infested the cupboards
if that ends up being the case we have to go to a game together!
Yea tony!
thanks you too :)
Well I hope it's shagging!
Gah! We missed you! (I tweet mostly work stuff, so didn't check since your message.) We're now back in Eugene. Sorry. :(
BASE Camp is looking for speaking opportunities. Are you part of a club, association or group that we can present to? Let us know!
#Hackalert: Got second LMAO tweet in 5 minutes. Don't click on virus-infected links. There are no embarrassing pix of you. Really.
have you listened to our full ep yet? Let your friends know so they can hear us!
Getting subway<3
that was the weirdest shit I've ever said ahaha
Yooo Los went in on the marvin's room freestyle
I don't know if we can have a hang out, we're pretty busy today. But we'll be tweeting as the event happens.
Mind in the gutter, u ni**as ain't in my lane
I'm getting yelled at guys but I'm still doing it
What are you talking about? The phases of slowly keeping you in Madison forever?? Silly you.
Yep playing Xbox before work ...
Thinking...Thinking..
Ugh i dont like school
u could learn a few things from this muckraker. He treats his informants not as a snitch but as thirsty nosey folk.
today is a good day! tonite even better!!
Great day outside! Bad day for a hangover.
RT : Wow! Next Saturday, May 14th, 5:00pm. Rich Redmond will be here presenting his clinic CRASH Course for Success. FREE!...
What is your favorite holiday food? Also, does your family have any unusual holiday traditions?
Afternoon nappy-poo. Don't mind if I do-do.
"Rochester is the fourth-strongest market for small businesses in the Eastern United States and ranks 21st nationwide, according to the l…
WI Democrats and #wiunion don't have enthusiasm, we have determination. Thats why we are going to win on June 5th
Are you coming to Nola?
Thought for the day: The wake up IS the blessing. Without waking up you lose the privledge of having problems.
I think we should all change our Worldwide trends to 'venezuela'....never heard of the damn country for a start :p
keep doin work! The reward is work making u great!
Since Christmas is all about giving gifts& Easter is all about making eggs, Happy Holidays to the people who celebrate for the true meanings
are you in the DMV
Pizza Hut - a sure-fire way to get a stomach-ache.
in november or october i think .
LOL...gotta get back in.
Can't get enough gogol.
yes! may b change can happen if it's framed in this way?
..I know that if there's a purpose for life, it was for me to hear Mozart." - Maurice Sendak, RIP.
yeah I usually finish my shopping that day
Already decided that my new years resolution for 2012 is to meet =)
Safe trip
Swish don't strike out
I wanted Torres but I'm not sure I'd have taken out David Villa your leading goal scorer to put him in.
What we all witnessed last night was plain bullshit. Agbeko won that fight. I say rematch!
Did you just verbally Sharpie it?
I want to see Dark Shadows!!
Bobby Jindal is a boring puppet Illseed
People I don't know keep telling me that people are posting nasty things about me. You don't even know me!!!
Good Night! Sweet Dreams! Ly2! :)
power went out just when I was about to make coffee. Cold today! Rolling brown out.
this one does too: "A liberty pole was like a festivus pole."
Sleep deprived will be tomorrow's theme
Got the highest grade in my Econ class.
": Computer has crashed twice today...not helpful for my #voiceover production...#VO" It's always something isn't it...
I hate that I am missing this. Have fun.
Went out with a bloke last night who marinated in Joop! Nice... Next?
Yay!! Go Colton!! Looks like I will be voting tonight :)
Hey! New song dropping in a few hours! And also, a link to pre-order our new tape 'Keep Calm'! From Turn Of The Century Records! Fuck yeah?
Preparing for extraordinarily fun activities... ladidadida
hi im Karlton. New to Twiiter
#techprom you had me at incumbent
Thanks man. I was pumped. I didn't feel good about his chances but I'm glad he's innocent. Have a good time out there
Just got back from the EDGE event with and was awesome!
RIP John Lennon--shot dead outside his NYC apartment today in 1980.
Ya Think? “: I'm beginning to suspect that there might be a few legitimate ethics concerns with this governor.”
Have a good evening. TService improving taxi quality. Taxi comments, lost items please give me cab number and color. www.mytservice.com
The daily "Fieldwork" is shifting from mostly-coding to mostly-rehearsing without much conscious effort. I'll take that as a good sign.
In his horrible Yankee way.
Smells like something is burning in Carmel.
your game is more than 8 hours old, and has been closed. You can always start a new game (irjwt)
Thanks Im having a great daay...wishing u the same.... <Zee>
#shoutout to new client
Not sure if that's good or bad. Hope #DRose doesn't get hurt more. : he is a go... *huge smile
Swearing was invented as a compromise between running away and fighting.'
Really? :-( I missed that film. Tim Monich was the coach. He's one of the best in the biz. Could have been too little prep.
eh, it's just that people haven't put the effort in those types of apps. It's sad, but doesn't imply anything about the OS :)
Turning it in for the night man. Catching up with the online world.
IAG mulls sale of UK operations as it launches strategic review IAG mulls sale of UK operations as it launches strategic review. Insuranc
Yay! all the kids in the crowd cheer Rudy's 3 several seconds after the whistle. smh
The followers keep coming !
Let's go let's go.
We highly recommend a Fatboy® headdemock in every office! It's the perfect way to take a break from the grind in style!
<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7> time for us to get some cheese cake!!!!!!! #piggiestatus <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
"Wired and Dangerous?" Hm.... Chip Bell is with us on Monday. Let's see what that means!
“O'zapft is! Oktoberfest is Here”.
No trains actually passed though the Underground Railroad! Harriet Tubman: LIAR!
god isn't real
": U goshdarn freaking finks I fricking hate yr stupid friggin faces why do I waste flipping life caring about you #Orioles"
RT: House committee marking-up wireless broadband bill giving public safety access to spectrum known as the D Block.
oh god the scene in the police department easily. "I'll be back"
Unknown~ When you hug someone never be the first to let go.
We have rose bushes on the property growing 8 feet tall..!
I'm up noe love :)
Stop by the MATRIX happy hour tonight @ 6:45 Jocks n Jills
We'll be recording a few more tracks in March and probably playing another show in early April. We'll share the news once it's locked in!
U do not go to TGI so quit lyin. Lol
I should have kissed Paul
I just bought the hunger games two weeks ago. I haven't stared yet but I hear you can't put them down.
Being a student for a change. So much less stressful than being the teacher!!
is back in Indiana. Two weeks until a trip to Miami.
And volunteers needed for setting up and executing the Mustache Bash on the 20th of Movember! DM if interested!
>:o) It's a beautiful day in Austin! We'll see ya at the (East 5th & Waller, 11am-3pm).
#chemtrails Feeling weird for a month.Now after 2 weeks of high doses of organic metal detox erbs am I feeling a little better.
Warsaw Law Enforcement reporting 1" hail and flash flooding. Stomrs moving east at 15 to 20 mph.
We're looking for an entry level analyst in San Fran for the Pub group. Reach out if you're an Excel wizard!
:) thank you
WAVE is excited to start the stage design for Celebration Church in Jacksonville Fla utilizing the 4d stage product lines.
Good Mornin World...
Which is better: #Reeses or #Snickers?
You dont say move... You say excuse me lol
get to wells on wells babe
I'm looking at that myself .. 400 level tickets r at 12$ lol
Question? How come going to the bank now a days feels like going to the DMV????
Finna roll this dope. Who matching?
LOL! Those beer guts and combovers are so sexy.
Next time ask your friends at where to stay! We could have pointed you in the right direction. :)
LOL So true!
quit rolling around in the flowers ;)
its perfectly safe, you give your password to twitter.com, and we get an oauth token
no problems follow back my peoples
I think #StayAtHomeParents should be financially compensated. It's hard work:)
I burn bread.. I ain't talking toast nigggaaaaaa
Whew! We are Jingled out! At least until December:)
Nature in 19th Century Masterfile: Intelligence in Snails, 1881 from
hey Alex!!! :D will u follow me plz? And did u watch Austin on ustream last night he did a good job :)
keep your head up!!! It will get better!
lol been thinking, !!
Great sales going on at Wicked Temptations! Sale ends tomorrow at 4pm PST
Boo- just missed this chat! Next time for sure. Apologies
That was it socks are now off,
well just mentioned me asking for a shoutout. here it is: do not follow this guy. he is not funny or interesting at all. what a loser
RT : Have to tip my hat to the person who designed this walk-on music.
He had 4 other pansies with him, I'm not hearing it at all!
S/O To My Partner Nem EBN Them Eberhart Guys Be The Realist BlueWoo! Lbs
I went to Anaheim last year! It was awesome!!
im so good! Working like crazy but lovin life :) how you livin?
watch out for dem truck stops matey!
...is 'Eh' acceptable?
I hate that RT Damn auto correct grrrr
God simply wants nothing more and nothing less than all of you. It seems like a lot to some,though many don't realize how imp. giving u is.
One of my followers alerted me that my gay tweets to you may make you think I'm gay. This is untrue, I'm only gay for you <3
After the holidays, got it. Smart thinking. Have fun with it.
HEY BRITTANY, WHY ARE YOU MESSING WITH ME?
RT : I thought y'all died after the #TeamEtherPicnick RT : #TeamEther SALUTE!
#HarryPotter totes available on Kindle, as of today. I've waited so long....... D:
me times 12
That's one crazy #AmericanIdol bottom three. Joshua, Elise, & Jessica deserve the top 3 in my opinion.
Wow just one day of not twitting and I lose 3 followers WHY PEOPLE WHY!!!
lol im such a bitch.
Dante please, please take care of yourself. We worry about you.
Pro Football Talk reporting there is no mention of guaranteed $'s
PRINT, PURCHASE & SAVE! Rebates available on Artograph products Extended to October 20, 2009. VISIT www.artograph.com/rebate for details.
At the #ESPN 1480 studio waiting for Akoy Agau to finish his interview so we can get this workout in...
Bitch say it while moaning! ;) YEEEEEUH *orgasm, orgasm* YEEEEEUH!! ;)
's 10th Anniversary of 'Where in the World is Matt Lauer?' premieres TOMORROW!!! #booya #getexcitedyall!
Steve Jobs showed like no one else that an insane focus on design & the user experience could be the source of competitive advantage.
I've got all A's except in French. :( It's kicking my butt.
National Bk Award finalist Amy Beth Bloom (Away) has her 1st picture bk Little Sweet Potato. U may not eat a yam again
“: Men, will you vow to lead? Print out a copy of the vow://t.co/Rk3eCM7d” Amazing! Hope all men participant!!!
I'll make a flat Stanley and send it with you...I'm studying to be a teacher so I can use it for an example
Pretty new to the #Twitter game. Would I get more #followers if I put a screen cap of #Twilight or something as my profile pic?
I have no social life :/
Switch to a platform that has a persistent URL... DM me and I'll show you what I mean.
My MacBook just died! No!!
Official #Thankstaking Motto: "Use It or Lose It." Adding "Toots" is suggested, but not required.
My conspiracy theory: may be taking advantage of the long downtime to completely overhaul forum software?
It's a Great Feeling when u create something that makes someone feel like they have a Purpose! In the words of my Editor"Best Seller Indeed"
How awesome is it that I'm wide awake at 3:30 a.m. setting up ? Feels like I'm back in 8th grade playing Madden '03.
Cracked my screen right over my camera...fml.
On the train with 50 King's students. The other passengers on this car are being submerged in all things kingsian. Reactions are hilarious.
its all over me not liking lisa ignoring me.
Fuck a bitch in a peacoat (;
My website is on strike today. Go to www.wrightmusic.com for info!!!!
okay haha omg at what I just tweeted Vinny. I'm diein;)
Happy Wednesday!! Come and enjoy Fresh Spinach Chicken Enchiladas emmm Good!!!! I ain't kidden neither
What you can become depends upon what you can overcome. ~ A. D. Williams
when other peoples relationships make yours drama ...
so hungry
I want a car like bumblebee !!!!!
R Twonderful Re-tweeters.
I do like Step 12...
I'm workingg with you!!!!! Yayayayyay
Development requires the removal of major sources of unfreedom. - Amartya Sen
Movie time :)
Receive 35% off of all retail orders starting tonight at midnight and running for a full 24 hours at www.beltsdirect.com
I've hit an all time low it cut me deeper than anyone'll ever know. I had all of these dreams but it seems they've become the downfall of me
late nights with him #yeahilovethat ;D
Listening to Tupac & watching the Laker Game, Sunday mood set as I write Lyrics to these Tracks for the #ALLREADYFAMOUZ EP !
when the hell are u gona visit??
"did you see alien. it's kind of like that"
Thanks guy!! We are so glad it went well for you.Dave has a new idea for you in regards to the coffee.Stop by for a chat
Concordia-Selma scores 2 runs out of the gate and establishes an early 2-0 lead over Spalding, SP Tyler Brown in the World Series.
Mom want me to get sign but not my friend??? #cmon mom
Great movie.
Jump out cha car in tha middle of the street. Open up ya trunk let tha bass beat. Geaux Head!!!!!!
Gotta hit up circle center soon...that was supposed to be todays mission but shit happens
they wanna see me dead, put prices on my head, spreadin rumors round town, like i fell down!!!!!
I love HBO's "Girls". It's so original and funny and real. Love it!
but he's on the patriots...
#rip Etta James
very motivational for Eric and I, thanks for the tweet!
Cant wait for the new studio to open up. 1step back 2steps forward
Max Vol wants to squeeze all the juice out your mind grapes. So join us for the juicin'. Right nah!
when and where?
Um ur attracted to the female #hazers RT : I've come to find out something new about myself.
When it comes to critiquing a record, i like to be straight up n i expect the same from those critiquing mine
Heading to school for morning excel in my purple pants.
If it wasnt for most yall niggaz wouldnt ever knew wat swag was #NP Come Home with Me
Thanks for the #Saturday S/O!
I am drinking this Manhattan WAY too fast
the best book-cake I've seen yet.
Me too! It won't stand up to your recipe, fo sho. P.S. I owe you a bday call (tonight!)
Some people ain't never satisfied
Idk they haven't called me or anything but probably
The Smart Grid Implementation Summit's best discount to attend expires next Fri! Visit www.smartgridiqpc.com for more info.
Maybe if the bus driver would put the windows up sometimes we wouldn't have stink bugs on the bus.
Sorry but I can do nothing about that which he likes me and thee not and u not I didn't know you so quickly you will feel jealous... -.-
Last year I stuffed portabella mushrooms with stove top. They were so yum.
Sitting in the Delegate Forum with & So great to meet up with friends!
The Problem with Starting a Free Home Business Now I'm all about saving money, cutting costs and not over-paying for stuff - but at the s
you should have processes running even if no applications
Thank you!
great dancing tonight. Amazing! Packer Nation is proud!!
We might have to do a review of your favorites. You can't possibly like all of these! :)
Justice, great hope so precious; the Truth is the best friend you'll find...
Soaking up some knowledge on democracy from Carl Bernstein!
To the city!
Totally agree, except that would just sound awkward. Hey keep up the good work and please tell Al Leiter he is awesome for me.
I'm at No Idea watching the niners blow their lead...
I did so much web coding yesterday I actually dreamed in PHP last night. Creepy.
No cast!!!!! Splint, but NO DAMN CAST!
stay trying to go to the beach
i guess u cant come over after because i have to "Clean" my room. so when r we going
you're really pretty :)
Chicago deep dish pizza lunch.
Watching Teen Nick right now!! Awwhh.. Just love to watch
learning how to play Lego House on the guitar (:
Slow songs+being alone=thinking to much and getting depressed all over again.
Getting too attached. Better stop now.. But it's just that everything reminds me of H-I-M.
AnnoyAYanksFan:When he's wearing a Yankee jersey say, "I get it! You're a gang member from the WARRIORS, right?" #Tigers bit.ly//mightannoy
Gee, a week into May and another snow storm rolling through Summit County! Springtime in the Rockies!
Anyone see Lebron call a foul last night?
- your new name is too cool, can i still hang out with you?
I see you looking at me like I'm some kind of freak....why don't you do somethin!
i love you
People judge you by the friends you keep, not by the ones you lost.
When you fall in love there are no if,and,or,buts . If a guy says," I love you but . . " Stop sticking around .
I hate when stupid people drive. Who gives them licences?
Congrats to - hitting 400 followers. If you like sports - you'll like the sportschick
there's a fine line between looking #tan and looking like you rolled in
hey thanks for the mention about my CNN work! Can't believe it. They just emailed me wanting something. Want to get paid!
Sandwich: Grilled veggie burger on a Kaiser roll w/ pepperjack cheese, lettuce, tomato, red onion & salsa mayo w/ bag of chips $6.95
Happy Monday ...
Irritable as hell for some reason today!!!
RT : what's more confusing: space or time?
Too much to do this week, I need a clone!
I've just learned how to play Edge of Glory on piano!!! this is my third song that i know how to play!!! xD
what's up with JT? Couldn't be convinced?
anytime honey. (:
as I have heard from my council's office they should continue to represent current district lines.
performing on Morning Becomes Eclectic right now. Listen @ kcrw.com.
you good?
?Mature love is union under the condition of preserving one<U+FFFD>s integrity, one<U+FFFD>s individuality
How did it go?
omg omg always D:
#thingsigottateachmyson how to go hard af
Going golfing with dad <U+26F3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Some great iron containing foods! Dried fruits, dried beans, eggs (esp. yolks), red meat, salmon, tuna, poultry (dark meat), whole grains!
“ I am SO psyched 4 college FB to start tonight! Tune in to UNLV @ Wisconsin...I'll be on sidelines!”
Where are all my laker haters????!!!!
As a square jawed, fancy gentleman, this news fills me with unbridled delight!
WARNING:I know atleast #oomf is going to tweet their count down till Florida.If you know you are going to do this,DONT.NOBODY CARES!
pointless fire drill
I do too<3 But I am not like in love with him like I am with JB and AM. :)
This cold weather is calling for some Eddie Jefferson
Neither can we, cause our #lovebread is aewsomeee
#milwaukee Did you know that A. Fillinger Inc can rekey,key-to-like and make keys right here for 1/2 price of a locksmith?!
If you're pregnant during mothers day, you don't qualify for chocolates n flowers.
Believe in your dreams and they may come true; believe in yourself and they will come true.
I am looking for content.. but shows that I am in the minority.. (shrugs)
Arthritis Sufferers Prone To Depression, Anxiety: CDC - RTT News
Come out to PURE Tuesdays! House music #EDM in PURE Lounge w/ Stellar & Tara Brooks! Open bar 4 ladies! Guest list txt 702.882.4982
I've seen this movie four times in the past few months, but it's still re-energizing me to keep fighting against disposable plastics.
I like "Star Wars" but can I get a fandom day on the calendar to explain endless "Punisher" minutiae to everyone?
The most common trouble with advertising is that it tries too hard to impress people. James Randolph Adams
I just caught 12 big catfish! Who's gonna come over and help me clean these bastards tomorrow ?!?!
Reason why im weird- my grandmother from my mothers side didnt like me... but she died
bout to go to the club tom-marrow WISH ME LUCK !!!!!!!!!!!
G+ still exists? ;)
Electrolux evenflo snugli instructions crooked juniper reviews ...
Please tell me gay men are gathering somewhere, right this moment, to record their Mitt Romney impressions. Please please please.
girls I'll brb dishes time !
Whedon something very wrong just now
For God my Creator and my loved ones who motivate me...
saturday 6/23 at 4:15, LAA/LAD? no arm-twisting required, i'm in
It's a busy day at Avant Garb!!
Need to style promote yourself and show who you are! RT : A5:If you leadfromwithin you will be visible.
In Henderson, Mn looking for my classmates. The flooding in incredible!
no not yet
Let's put it on the calendar! Text me and we can nail it down! I'm looking at the week of May 1st...
unsuccessful friday night..
Bulls/Sixers are setting basketball back about 75 years with this 1rst quarter display.
#FollowFriday #FF RT Whenever I see the number 1701 in the wild, a little part of my nerdsoul smiles.
Good morning FB! I am sure everyone is getting ready for Thanksgiving :) Any special Thanksgiving memories you want to share with us?
Wishing you a wonderful day too babe #ILoveYouMuyMucho xoxoxo
QotSA Misfit Love Feast of fools. I can't wait, Give 'em a taste of my misfit love. Complicate. Encarcerate. Feel my heart wake up.
only keep those close to you that your trust and that GIVE BACK what you deserve. BLOCK THE OTHERS.
WHAT UP DALLAS.
I shared your hot pocket story with the teachers at my school. Lunch has been taken over by crazy proposal stories.
Nice infographic, very informative!
rowed the boat in to work this morning. this rain has thwarted my running goal for the week!
omg I got so scared of the lightning storm so I thought of you and slept with the poster right next to me #Fact <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Super excited about new fun stuff coming up in the fall!!! Shhhh....its a secret!!!
I want wings and I can't eat them yet... :( monday for sure, plan on it!
guess you know they lost. Played good til the 4th quarter and let their lead go... Guess its always next week.
sweet dreams.
These multi-vitamins are great but they only help with a part of this algebra test.
The count down begins!! The new upscale LGBT party for us professionals here in and around the great city of Newark!
sounds like you had fun!!! Looked like it ;)
Everything is on me the drinks is on me the bitches the hotel the weed is all free
Good mornin to all
glad to hear work is going well! Do you know Peter Chace? He's been working CCO and is a good friend :)
In 1922 President Truman was 38, in debt & jobless. In 1945 he was the most powerful man in the free world. Aim to succeed & never give up.
We're welcoming a few more bands to our roster very soon! Your band should be one of them! Please check it out at DebbieDownerEnt.com
Just checked new warehouse great! Room for Unit, truck and Storage..
How long should I expect the graduation to take on Sunday. You wanted to know my life?, Dinner Sunday.
ah damn looks like I have to go back, shucks! Haha.
Hanging out with the most adorable of the Goodale clan
Consider Vibram FiveFingers. I just got a pair last weekend and they're incredible. I don't wear traditional sneakers now.
even the true solopsist looks both ways when crossing a busy street
Hanging out by the pool and then off to see Soundgarden. Can't wait!!
Listening to ABSOLUTELY love them!!!
hope your definition of elite is better than your example yesterday (2 elite PGA on champ teams in last 20 yrs?!?!)
i just watched that too!!! I love that movie<3
I bought an Xbox today. Excuse me while I get fat.
Awesome performance from Ray Manzerak of The Doors in San Francisco this week. Ray opened with a song about the
Finally getting to hear Charles Ives's Universe Symphony live, with Nashville Symphony at Carnegie Hall.
Something other pro athletes don't have to deal with RT ...Had to run away from 4 coyotes. Glad to they didn't tag team...
You have until 5:30 EST to submit anything you want for Pat's bday video! This has to be awesome so submit submit submit!!!
“: you like him?” Buster just asked me if I liked Splitter........
Det. Lieutenant (ret.) James Cappuccino joined the Midtown Community Benefits District staff as our new coordinator of public safety today!
I'm not alone on Comic Sans hatred! Recently discovered the fiance loves it... uh oh. Miss you, Elyse. Thanks for sharing!
Driving in Los Angeles is so fun. Feels like a game of live action Frogger. <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0095>
What about Christmas pudding?
You make me so mad
haha no problemo. & they havn't announced the exact premiere date yet. But it's sometime this September at 8:00pm (: x
"Rock and Roll is dead" and maybe its buried in Greenmount cemetery?
what time does FOE go on tonight? Have a business function until about 9. Can't miss it !!! Be blessed !!!!
“: Nashville, Boston, Baltimore, finally ny. Lucky dude” dang. We were getting nervous!
Omg are you serious...emergency family meeting!!!
Rihanna's 'Battleship' Inspiration: 'Bad Bitches': Only a few more days until the year's biggest aliens-at-sea adventure movie "Battl...
I know, pretty fun!!
It's not to late to register for classes! Earn your Aviation Maintenance AS and your A&P 317.381.6000 AviationTechCenter.com
Read the latest interviews an decided if I ever meet Ben, Going to call him a fucking idiot! Stupid twat thinking hes ugly! Gorgeous Idiot!!
Get ready AAM. Dropping #museumbingo button making and Drawing Club on you tomorrow.
RT You're welcome! We're big fans of Cleveland Critical Mass!
Hi John! You're on fire...literally! Thank you for following Philly's BEST BBQ!
Next week on #carlsononthelaw we'll be talking about rights. Join us at 11 am on
To enhance the quality of your photo shoot, look away from the camera with a mix of head and eye poses.
I Love Louis
You should come. : I wanna go to the yela party
The zipper on the Google page is already driving me nuts.
What song will Flo Rida remake next?
we don't tolerate that shit at BYU! U turn ur music down
Noah likes to say that he's "training." Then he runs, climbs, jumps or does something athletic-ish. Training for what? I don't know.
I love how all the so called experts give the #Ravens no chance vs. Tom terrific. I BELIEVE IN JOE FLACCO.
I hate thoughts that linger when I wish they would just go away :/
And now for my Friday night routine: sweatpants + setting my alarm for 9 pm so I'm awake for 20/20. Jealousy isn't attractive, you guys.
this dude tracy morgan!!!
Tweeting old school at noon EDT via #spotify on The Back In The Day Cafe, tweet your faves too me now
#mla12 #s442 despotic nature of aesthetic description: highlight control of viewpoint in narrative, dataviz
great i fucked up a lot
You guys need a bot that harasses anyone who hasn't #WIWOed in more than a week.
ya a bit of very small hail here here in west allis, nice downpour to cap off the night (good light show too)
I know!
a $15 antenna from best buy gets you KSMO62 in HD for all SportingKC games. I bought switch at RadioShack to flip cable &antenna
Front Desk Monday: It's not everyday you get asked "Where can I buy an oosik knife?" Sent the questioner off to the Avenue of the Tchotkes.
Here goes, to my last final... t(-_-)t
Boy i swear i clock in and out like its a damn J-O-B...
I must be an angel
rope burn from my dogs leash.
Baby, will you catch me if I fall???? I think thats what I need....
You're kind of amazing to me right now! Thanks for the article.
Remember, it is never too late to have a #happy childhood and utilizing the principle of Play.
Create an editorial calendar to plan out your blog posts.
lmfao, I don't think I do
Lol yes. I mainly read it
I've been singing since before I could probably talk. One of my all time favorite singers is #CelineDion she's epic haha
Perm Position - 75k - 95k - Marketing Database Analyst - client service-oriented with a strong combination of analytic and programming capa…
please reply or follow me if you see this Justin(: it would mean so much to me!(: <U+2764>
It all makes sense now.
Awesome show yesterday, gents. Always a big fan of celeb donors, may check for #LadyGaga tomorrow
The more I wonder, the more I love. -Alice Walker
BS'ed a powerpoint in less than 30 minutes lol
Hey nick You feel like wishing My mama a Happy Mothers Day! :D<3 it would mean so much pwease! <3<3<3
get here.
Follow Us! You were part of the inspiration, after all.
I hv been laughing all day bc of LMAO!!!!
yur yur, I'm going to work now, So i will text you after ;)
Youre the only one who can cheer me up
I strictly go by if i get butterflies or not around someone to see if i really like them.
Dear brain, please start being able to tell the difference between hungry and bored. Sincerely, I`m getting fat!
Okay, looks like it's just us two. I'm gonna grab a cup of coffee, and then I will be ready!
Anybody planning on going out to the Virginia State Fair?
Come on Don! I know you have more to say...
so you're saying an American has to do what a Brit and Irishman can't.
I see u sha
Assistive Technologies should be tied to the specific function; what does the person need to be able to do
BUT THE FORTUNE COOKIES
Great job tonight speedsters! Run Wild Rocks!
This is so lame but I need more followers friends. I have to have 2,000 in order to follow more folks. Please spread the word. Peace
Oh no! *snif* RT “: #whodatnation u will be missed and I thank you guys dearly for giving me the opportunity to play in NOLA.”
Its nice to know some1 freaken cares. Its an insult 2 walk around lik nothin happened :( I cryed for so long! Love you shane <3
Me, too. I almost always take several tries, at which point they start getting harder. Damn Voight-Kampff tests!
Not sure how calling the activity "Google vs. the Library" fights "vs" mentality...
the amber Hound-dog I know would use it anyway.
People who say fml<<<<< seriously? You're blessed!
easy? #stopit i beat u the last couple of times we played
God bless me & company throughout this incredible journey we about to receive.
we're thinking about adding glass armonica to Trittico...seems to be the magic sauce. 11 seats left to Friday!
should b at every #IB and not just #IB7...nice job and dig the suit!
watching the knick game and I see your face pop up in my living room.
Public Enemy & Kiss were groundbreaking, influential artist!! I'm glad the Beasties made it before MCA passed
young l that nigga ~!
Was. They closed the session, ha.
Thom Yorke killed another great set last night at MOCA Geffen. Let's see if MOCA Grand gets as much fun tonight...
Review of new exhib of chicago art from the 60s/70s coming soon
“: congrats!” // and congrats to all IU graduates!
Best opening ever at CBS. LL Cool J...you rock!
Hispanics are the largest immigrant group to show significant culture sustainability & aren't merging into the American melting pot
Have fun at the reception. Say hey to Hideko and Micala. Envy envy envy...
Just passes scalper with center court tickets for $97 each. Not a bad deal.
Awesome to see Madison's own take the stage with to accept their award earlier. Great album.
Happy birthday ! (: I love you.
Whats real comedy is i bought a new Bulls hat on the day they lost....
“Those who can’t do, consult. Those who can’t consult, teach. Those who can’t teach, teach gym.” Which one are you??
It didn't show up in my Google news alert. Send me the link.
Stay positive. Smile. Laugh. You may have to fake it. Continue to believe you're contributing to history.
RT : Be sincere; be brief; be seated. Franklin D. Roosevelt
M, pastrami salmon sounds delicious. Where'd ya get it?
Just watched the piece OETA did on you. Amazing journey. Great inspiration!
Congrats on new position at UCLA. You will be greatly missed at Emory. I'm sure you will rock the West Coast as you have ATL.
Beautiful #60Minutes story re: classical orchestra in the #Congo. No matter how poor you are you can surround yourself with beauty.
Yum, soft pretzels and mootard
Spanish I dnt kno wht they tlk about half the time ha
what's the point anyway,... niggas gone do what they want ...
Culture eats Strategy for breakfasts and Environment eats Culture.
Zuckerberg as man of the year? What has that stupid geek done that is so great?
RT : not where I'm goin.
Real time sentiment analysis of a guy killing a zombie? Details pls...
invert the law, intestinal side out, or make a theatre of pataphysical citizenry
We are! Friday at the Lilac Fest! RT "Hello Rochester" is in my head. U should do another promo w/ ppl around #ROC singing it
right... fake picks...
Hall they got for this event is too small.
When people ask for your twitter and you are just like no my twitter is to get away from you people... ;D
Bashaw calls McIntire an accidental preservationist.
So, how was your #Easter weekend (even if you couldn't join the #Queen or the #Pope)?
sooner the better :)
It's gonna go down hill from here and I'm gonna love it <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Omg I have a boy friend
Sounds fabulous! Is it available in a K-cup?
you gonna be around Oshkosh this week?
Goodnight Twitter :p and Justin Bieber
let's ride in the front of the Monday Doughnut Bus!
May 4, 2012 -- otherwise known as the day Joss Whedon finally gets his due.
Ok, done with numbers! Now we got some colorful conversation goin!!
Don’t smoke for 48 hours.after tooth extraction as the chemicals in the smoke can effect the clot
Always nice to be winning but feels really good for Marco, deserves to have a chance to be winning pitcher he pitched a gem
Why I didn't get the tweet? o.O weird xD you're welcome sweetie
I'll be working the morning shift at tomorrow. Stop by and pay me a visit.
You're just like everyone else in the world.
offer accepted, I'll be right over.
but was Jeremiah really a bullfrog? Have always wondered.
Fun random night =) I love ju!
Shhhh caps game is on
Off to get a Seifukujutsu massage!!! :)
Wayne Gretszky's first experience in fundraising: Crying from stage fright at a Lion's Club dinner when he was 10
justin is creeping right now on her account :)
Oh good news!
Going to my cousins.... not gonna be fun.
sorry, it was crazy, we gtta squeeze a date in ths week
I play this Thursday at Cotton Eyed Joe!! Move home early!
It's gotta be Friday somewhere in your heart.
My route to the bus stop has been occupied...
yep! Didn't know the prosecution couldn't ask any specifics of the charges. So hey!
gwen tell my 2nd mother happy mothers day
So what is the BEST hashtag you've ever seen? (is this a little #meta?)
Those ropes you see in gyms are annoying to no end. We're not sailors or longshoremen.
If I'm not following you tell me so I can follow you :D
bravo and best of luck !
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NOBODY ELSE!!!!!!!
Gave up my ticket for tonight's game...now you're making me regret that decision!
Man, I just love waking up early in the morning just to go to school, I just feel so happy on the inside.
Out w|Mommy Before I Go to Work wassup ?.
In honor of #seau I beat John at tecmo super bowl as the chargers. He was 49ers. Big time cosmos help. Shut Jerry rice DOWN!
I seriously felt embarrassed to be related to my sister when she said that a while ago tbh
Heading to Sierras party!:)
it will be dealt with next season
He Was Too Far Away For Affection. So I Hope We Don't Lose The Connection.
#replacefilmtitleswithtwat There's Something About Twat
Yeah, with Prima Madden? email me at maddenbible at gmail
OH. BUT YOU DID. ONCE YOU POPPED OUT OF YOUR MOMMY.
funny guy over here
We're all voiceless. The government does not listen to the people. We're all powerless. The government does not believe in us.
2 more Mondays after today
RT : That gives me chills. She was in mid. school when she met Rebecca at my motherhood panel.
I just tweeted a pic to of me and your brother from 1991 lol. Check it out Broski.
VI had a great show at the Geoint 2010 Symposium. We want to thank everyone for coming by our booth.
Tournament tomorrow at The Standard - 14 NE 22nd Ave They have Black Knight 2000, Twilight Zone, Black Rose and Getaway.
Imma call you when I get outta school
well I meant specials for our services for our clients etc
im bout to switch it tho
thanks for participating,congrats again! Please share our little contest with anyone who likes FREE books!
We specialize in Carpet Cleaning, Upholstery Cleaning, Drapery Cleaning, and Tile & grout cleaning.
Brownwood DB Kevin Vaccaro received a full scholarship offer from #UT and committed today.
I miss oomf's so much:(
Then I'm not fucked up yet :)
lol I'm so bored and lonely Smh.....
Someone forgot to tell the weather that its good lookin' monday
His plate is swimming in syrup! I'm so grossed out right now.
really same here!
can't wait for breakfast and the highline!!!
Hello Tommy, Thanks for the follow. I like your work. Robert
“: word. He do em justice?” they aight for Vegas because this is over the top city!
text me
“: Chicago ed struggles: pay elem less to pay HS teachers more. #LN2012” AKA Cut elem art for HS math/science. : (
. But true he's really scared hahahhahah #like a boss hahahhahahah
It's hot af in here. I'm about to take my pants off.
Low emission car sales surge in the UK A new report by a motoring body says UK drivers and car insurance policy holders are increasingly
In God, is EVERYTHING...thank you Father!
Oh my goodness! I know! They're perfect together! :]
Did you know Las Vegas Fire & Rescue includes 664 employees, 18 fire stations, six ladder truck companies and 20 ambulance units?
How about putting together a team from The OP to play in the Detroit Cup Dodgeball Tournament.
Congratulations on being drafted by the Bengals. Another Coastal Advisors,LLC Client goes to the NFL Family.Great Kid,Hard worker!!
i am so pumped for this now! and yes we need to get everyone back together!!
Tonight, mai tais at the Beachcomber with Australia and blue ribbons with dogs.
Out of dance finallyy :)
Stop by & ride the #carousel at today. !00% of the proceeds benefits The #PalmBeach #School for #Autism. #asd .
Change your lifestyle, change your life. You have the power to choose health over disease.
whats up ? r u there?
ahh I'm kind to clients. With friends I'm straight. You are an amazing filmmaker. Do this damn thing! #GO H.A.M.
Chiropractor ah feeling better
Now the old people are getting drunk
#c4l12 claiming disenfranchisement isn't a good excuse.
You're so smart! :)
I lost alia
i will!
We love the show
Real Madrid visit China!
I bet Kim Kardashian has already had sex with the Tupac hologram.
Prac round for home tournament #TheEYNational today! Looking to get some nice reads and good plans before #GoTime!
M....loving this beer-battered cod.
Its hard to draw on a broken iPod screen.
Happy birthday and thanks for the great music and inspiration.
The Help & Bridesmaids
Discount at Tarjay, saw a shooting/alien and wine with the girls. Birthday evvvveeeee!
good luck w/that buddy!! ... Perfect Saturday wouldn't u say? FA cup and Maywether vs Cotto later !!
trying on prom dresses (:
oh wow they must of gotten lives lol I just became tumblr addicted hehe
Go take a long walk off a short cliff.
So new song is absolutely fucking amazing. I can't stop listening.
You're shoes are untied!
well good luck!
16 days to go and say Bye Bye to school yayaya. I'm going to enjoy my summer vacation with Korean dramas Arabic too of course :-) :-D
A thousand miles cheers me up because it reminds me of white chicks, hahahaha
I'm a savage so far from average.
they dont have much for me there but people love that place
Staring my fifth disc of "The Wire" in four days.
Why am I still awake -_-
thanks,susan
hey pretty lady- I'll be in Queen City this weekend. See you and J-Berry downtown Sat night perhaps?
Thank you for your RT! I hope you like my post!! :)
I would suggest you delete the app and re-install from the app store
Omg no I'm only 6 feet tall
Yes, but only one per family. RT But there's hope, now that Subway sandwich shops have spread even to China.
Happy Monday to our new followers:
If You Wanna Be In My Book Tweet Or DM Your Name And Ill Put It In My Book And Ill Make Sure Vinny See's It..! :) Please?10
#thanks for the compliment sweetie...#shoutouts right back to u
RT : "I was really inspired by the 55th CSW and started an organization that gives rural girls an opportunity to use...
Busy day here!
You like to talk politics?
Happy New Year!!!
my last tweet, PEACE!!!!
what up girl??
Happens to the best of us!
What r u inventing today?
Hi! Sorry, I am usually more responsive but I've been in training classes all week with no Internet! Yay for Twitter!! :)
Great article! "City Heights is not ghetto!!" :)
LOL - #NASA can neither confirm nor deny they had any involvement with this act: [VIDEO] ow.ly/6Kt6p
Finished my lunch sak. Didn't box the corners but it still can carry a sandwich with no problem!
Good work Mr. UTM! Got all A's + 1 B...slick not feeling that B
Sex is healthy
#HighGlitzLounge is searching for current title holders to interview for their fantastic blog. Email me details
Today we pack the gear for our week long excursion to the Bahamas. This episode for Changing Seas will focus on the Lion fish invasion!
Great! Looking forward to seeing it!
WE JUST INTRODUCED OURSELVES TO THE GA ELITE STARS. NOW THEY KNOW. SFE 1-0
how is hootsuite? Tweetie is ok, but I could be happier with some more options
PLEASE play "Muzik Makes Me" by
Adios Portland! Off to the bay area for a wedding. Back Monday.
What are your thoughts on Kony?
"I kind of like the way you dot your J's, with giant circles, and naiveté."
Bored as fuck
Boostie in the studio Rite now Working on a mix tape
Glad I googled our brunch spot menu ahead of time, or those Lengua tacos might have fooled me.
Has the beef been squashed yet?
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
This OKC lakers game is good
Mummy in the Suitcase
Mr. La Follette - I thank you for your positive attitude. You have earned my respect #wis2012debate. I sense your willingness for solutions.
ok. you hate me. big deal your not the first. -.-
why does it always have to rain in the summer time
thank you Aris, have a lovely day Cheers!
We provide a service that involves an honest and trustworthy partnership so as to provide our clients with the best value in insurance.
Alligator www.ardbeg.com/gator
Donors today tend to listen to their "rider" more than their "elephant" like in the past.
GOOD LORD Fifty Shades of Grey.... My goodness.
RT : Sticking with my Nerlens Noel prediction to Kentucky.
I really want to talk to you...
cheer up midget ;)
Sorry I was late with those....had company come last night
Next Bingo day is March 13. Use your bingo card to get the following: one shortstack, get one free.
The lemon is good too, but I prefer the orange.
Haha Seems 2 be easier the older we get. My hubby can fall asleep 2 seconds after he's said something. ;-)
Totez kidding. Much love for Josh and his tweets.
Oktoberfest will be celebrated at United Evangelical Church on Dillon St. on October 24, from 12 noon until 5:00 p.m.
You and Paxton and Beth kinda tied for Cat... Lol
Best of luck over nxt few days
You know I did xD
Tattoo Artist, Cake & Candy Makers, Certified Beauticians whatever it is you do I want to tell people about it RT or comment wit ur twitter
wtf. i would too. stick with your bandmates. that's cold.
Sorting through college papers at my parent's home I came across old plant identification exams- my average score was 122% oh memories :)
I can't believe the #mets put a ginger in for David Wright.
I'm sorry for being so late with this, but The Warriors is my favorite movie of all time.
Ha! “: #ArabSpringTraining RT : Calling all #DG wonks! Enter D&S's t-shirt slogan contest tomorrow"
I don't drink chief ... But we can light up
COLLIN THE BARBARIAN
Great job Loni Love tonight on Chelsea lately tonight!
David Ash first in at QB with the first team offense against second team defense.
Brooke, just how nice you are completes my day. <3
Finishing my temp PA/EA role this work and hungry for something permanent!
He said he just wants to be friends. And every idiot knows that's just code for go away.
PRODIGY even tho he migt drink it all lmao
#FF She always drops knowledge about a topic many people love!
had a blast Friday by the way!!
If U Need Your Music Promoted Call Me Asap Taking On New Clients Only $100 For 4 Weeks Of Branding And Exposure. 678.835.7625 You will...
Looking forward to seeing you!
What about just finding one bag that's ergonomic?
Awesome eMarketing / Social Media seminar yesterday! Highly recommended!
you are so photogenic<3.
Aint nobody got time for bullshit...or bronchitis.
Oh kimosabi big ballin is my hobby.
Online learning opportunities grow with the announcement of MIT + Harvard's
He does not like that wall
Using voice text apologies everyone if I sound like a bigger idiot than usual
That's thr goal, Sandro! Glad you heard it.
Yes i did, signed up earlier in the week actually! waiting for a response.
Working in a government office in Wyandanch, listening on the radio, crying along with coworkers, begging for word from loved ones.
So, #NBA owned Hornets trading Chris Paul to the #LAKERS. Conspiracy theorists couldn't have asked for a better Christmas present.
Heh - thanks. The old one was getting stale. :)
To our NYC teachers who come to the JFR teacher training programs you are great and are an inspiration.
Interested in law school? Meet UM Carey Law Admissions Ofcr. today @ the Greater Western NY Law Fair from 1-3pm @ the BuffaloNiagra Marriott
Wow! u do hav lot of fans!!:) Ur up So late! u sure got lot energy 2! im turnin in! Hav blessed rest of ur day! :)
I am so lucky it wasn't somebody I loved.
That made me laugh out loud - literally. He (she) really does...
music on full blast. probably gonna go deaf tonight
Navigating LA traffic like it's a video game
Hi all please go to my website and check out the great book 77 Tried and True Home based business www.createmoneyweb.com
"The amount of the arts budget is tiny - but it's impact is immense!" -Becky Roper Matkov, Dade Heritage Trust
What is 1 serving of vegetables? 1 cup of raw leafy vegetables (e.g. lettuce/celery), ½ cup other vegetables or ¾ cup vegetable juice.
really? Until when?
Narcisse pulling off the Larry Nance. A Clemson man himself.
Re:public with Manhattan!
Girl: what's dat sound? Me: Oh, that's just the money calling my name!
"Couple of oat sodas, Gary."
A little disappointed that Luck was canceled. Wanted to check it out.
Whoever runs #AT&T, I hope your yacht sinks with you on it. Screwing people over to make money is not a business model.
When You Put God First, You Will Never Come In Second.
Holy shit that cop car scared me.
thanks you so much for the shoutout! it's nice to "meet" you guys!
Will we WAKE UP! Perhaps WE'LL stop calling ourselves and OUR people Ni**a/Ni**er, Perhaps we will spend our money with US!
Icky Thump by the White Stripes RT : What's your favorite song to ride to?
Wed. Coed 6 silver winter session at Field Sports Dublin... www.capitalcitysports.com
- Indeed. This is a tragedy that reflects a hidden hatred that many carry within.Hopefully truth will prevail.
it all started with her wanting "the privacy act" because she didn't want photos of her house on the mls
interesting morning indeed
Driving up Interstate 5 listening to AM country radio. Perfection.
On my way to Benihana.
Finally getting back to what I should be doing with Husker Du and Tom Waits on the stereo and a lot of lost writing to catch up on.
Why is it human nature to chase people who don't wanna be caught and run from the ones tryna catch us ?
of all your life achievements, making the cut is the least impressive. Making this cut is on-par with hitting 2 green lights.
I speak the truth!
Kay: "news" = stuff that fits with what we already know. Genuinely "new" = that which we cannot understand - profound problem for learning.
I just discovered the bumpy Nerds kind
I couldn't stop laughing when lucien and bobby were hahahahahha
Why do they even pitch to tha Kidd? That a boy prince, 2 run shot!
That's great!
Das A Bet
did you want me to make that for you?
It sure feels like winter outside! Reminder: If you're trying to book before New Years there are not many spots left!
nope, but I'm on TweetDeck
Just bought blue nd pink spider bites :D Love A.J. - coming to him when I deciede to get a tattoo :)
you're my new best friend call me every 5 minutes
Just saw a stretch limo parked out in front of the hearing aid center next door.
follow me chris man
Single speed.
It's weird being around people and yet you're still the only I want to be next to... Holding hands and laughing like kids.
I'm probably gonna send you and Mau like 10 bags of candy(:
its a great story.
Follow she gives good
I just watched my 6 Yr stepson play soccer. He is really good at dancing on the field. But kicking...
The Winter Olympics FINALLY start! USA!
Gahh damn shame, you send a bad boy to play a grown mans game..
Q, has friday 11:30 at our spot? Be good to see you.
I need to see avengers again....kinda dozed off
"let me get my cleats on in case we have to run through the woods"
It's a little crazy. I am so very proud of u by the way and miss u terribly. NYC soon? Film tour?? Say yes!
count me in...
That must be nice. Enjoy!
Atmosphere at Staples Center is nutty right now. Up 1-0..they can smell it. Is LA finally becoming a hockey town?
RT : Thanks so much to for hosting my Kanban session tonight. Great turnout and discussions!
I'm always sick :( & the day before STAAR...Great. Just Perfect !
So many new followers, thanks for the support! We are hiring drivers! Send a DM if you are interested in bringing good food to happy people!
this indie pop station on pandora is pretty fucking rad.!@#$
just here chilling!(:
Not angry anymore..but still have a slight headache. Yay for pain!
As far as I'm concerned, every Friday is
Loving the 2009 cab blend! Tasting in
the hot chick been coming on alot lately.
I am in love with Clint Eastwood right now. Love.
Thanks for stoppin' by and eating with us! How was everything?
I need 2 go 2 the studio .....instead of been @ home I'm my bed..<U+30C4>
Thanks Laura!!<3 :}
Excited to see at the
that's awesome! made me literally laugh out loud
yeah im sure but I did check the account and I think someone hacked it
No income is scary, scary, scary.
Once a month and you're good!
That guy who always has to bring in the scenarios that you can't quite validate yet just to piss you off.
you've been missed my man
<3 you are inspiring too you know. let's talk about this project already!
DUDE you are so right. first, they ruin the ironic t-shirt..
woo-hoo! I can't wait to take a peek at it. Thanks!
Final 4 rings? Lets get that ship next year
I need your attention....
artichoke globes? how about asphalt, hasps, lacewings, stalled, sumac
I hate you We don't need people like you in our world so why don't you make like Kesha and drop off the face of this EARTH.
If someone tells you you're not beautiful, flip them off and walk away. (;
Eyes are getting heavy..
Hi Pete, drop me a note on how you do that.
The sandwiches from my are the truth. Much needed improvement to my day. Now it's nap time.
7 big iconic jumping on stage. Jason fell off and bumped his head Geo called the doctor nd the doctor said no more Iconic's...
Orientation at Target today.
yay! thank you :)
We are in the same boat!!
#10ThingsIDislike my phone's battery life.
My mama must of speed cause she almost in Lubbock.
it seems as if they are not, in fact, good to go.
Many of da things I ca count alot of money
you need to follow me. x
The Girl With A Dragon Tattoo - beautiful to look at, completely emotionally muted. I'd blame the Swedes but Bergman's work says otherwise.
I won't be in ES tomorrow, I have a doctor's appt. at 8. don't miss me too much girl ! (;
And they are back . Santonio Holmes touchdown . Go gang green
can't wait. Got my dvr set just in case I'm not sitting in front of my tv at that very moment.
Agree. She was kick-ass. Loved her character development.
King James Bad Move. All Rose 8.0
I SCREAMED.
www.Pledge4Patriots.com been asked to attend the CHASE BANK Networking event on E50hwy and Econlockhatchee, Orlando, Florida our first event
I would have but u were hatin way to much lol
sounds good! Will have to come to one of your events. We're in 's space, just chugging away at the product :)
Yep, soon. Reading while I chaperone for a elem. school competition.
OMG! The house phone just rang & Gia crawled up & picked up the phone ctfu!!!!!
In Philly and it's chilly
No more than $15 mil RT : 20 mil guaranteed for Shaddy McCoy? Knowing that, what do you think is fair guarantee for Forte?
": All eyes on Kansas City."
Gotta wait, my friend.
We go into the studio may 9th to record our next ep. Who's ready for some new tunes!?
did you know you can share the service/cost with up to 4 people?
If we win this game I will personally call and tell him thank you. Actually no, I'm still mad at him.
I want to get stranded at Baumpound too! Lol
Shopping is so much more fun when you have money, so is stealing.
Unloading 90k meals today from weekend events...soon shipping a combined 250k meal container to Guatemala and Honduras.
Hangover 2 - almost as funny as the first...almost!
YES Jermaine won!!!
Just booked a 4-star hotel in San Diego for only $100. Thank you Hotwire.
GOAL! Peppi Sipila bangs home the rebound to get Lindenwood right back in it. 2-1, 4:07 left in the second
A proposal was written up tonight and submitted to Jamie Sage to be reviewed tomorrow so we can begin production of the re-design.
#ThingsYouShouldStopDoingInYour30s Including "LOL" in your texts.
SURVEY: What are you willing to let go of in order to let your beautiful voice shine?
People be shocked when I hold the door for them lol it's called manners...
All my friends know that I have to touch their boob at least 3x a week. Lmao.
Can you spin the audience or content as the sexy bit even if your interface is run of the mill?
I think both approaches could/should be used
If I told America Millions of jobs can be created across this nation with the housing market what would they say??? Not rocket science Obama
Just paidd 3.99 for gas in #Camrel. Did I miss something and did we go to war? Thought prices were falling
Welp. Looks like Rachel and I won't have matching Peeta and Gale t-shirts. Hot Topic is sold out. :(
I want some soul food. Black people dont deliver! RT : order something. ": I'm so hungry, and so lazy. What's a man
Any other symphony fans among my friends? Adams conducts Adams and Glass next week at Walt Disney Concert Hall.
Ohh Yeah ? Star Huh? You Can Call Me Darius.
Thanks for sharing the information, !
The Arrangement on Fremont has a great gift selection & the sweetest employees. Love going in there!
DHDIET Nutritionist Joy Bauer says a protein-rich snack mid-afternoon keeps you awake &alert.
Attending the #TEXPO Conference in Dallas was a great experience! Thanks to everyone who stopped by and talked with us!
Celebrating the signing of Citizen Icon!!!!!!
NOT funny...lol
Have been trying to pollinate the office plants. More intimate of an experience than I expected.
OMG, I've just had an idea that I'm so excited about that I want to cry.
News Norman says he wouldn't have picked Tiger Woods Greg Norman says he would not have picked Tiger Woods for the President
Get your chunky behind up and push me around in a wheelchair. You can definitely use it!
You used to shine so bright but I watched all of it fade
Thanks for being my newet sweetie tweetie!
students on stage singing at
“When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world.” George Washington Carver
it's says district 9 on the flyer, ain't that old town tavern?
This game is going to give me a heart attack! Let's go Heels!!
That girl... Had no confidence in letting her singing voice do the talking x]
Almost Infamous...
Rewatched Shaitan. Every time I talk to you, it's like checking into a motel.
I know! Super excited! (:
RT : What an incredible rejection of Gov. Kasich's anti-worker law in Ohio. Think got the message?
Come hang out at the Fox and Hound tonight! Campbell and 75. (Over 21 only, please.)
whaaa? Are you excited?
It takes two people to make an effort reality
Saw a midnight showing of #ThinkLikeAMan. Fantastic performances by all involved! Your characters always have such layers :)
Best (free) tool or process to convert PDF to csv or Excel on Mac? (help, or others?)
Merry Monday, Mardy. You're looking in rare form. <-- No idea from where "mardy" came. Thought remains.
“: Not sure what the hell is in "Chick Fila sauce" but it's the greatest condiment of all time Zebra semen and BBQ sauce
We're gonna do what lovers do, we're gonna have a fight or two. But i ain't ever changing my mind <3
I'm becoming a real bitch *kanye shrug* oh well ;)
Def. just watched my beloved Brewers blow it disappointingly in last minutes of BOSvNJN scrub time here at Prud Ctr.
well I wasn't. Stop taking.your fricken bad mood out on me I didn't do anything to you.
Fans of use the code"JordanArkaik" to get 25% ends sunday!
Procrastination at its finest.
I'm ouuta here 4 now all.....
lol watching the Brady bunch
wait, wait, wait.... Seriously!? Buh :?
Exactly! I so dont need to know all that!!
I always say "I'll never leave my homework for sunday again" ,but thats bullshit. Doing homework and studying for three tests tomorrow .___.
welcome to the club!
Walk in purpose... No matter what!!!!
Need Sr Backend Programmers, Technical Artists, QA Engineers & Technical Art Director, for
just checking in, hello everyone
some guy just handed me a balloon. What do I do?
ur so lucky
Mexican & Native American. I got to check into that dude, lot of my fav tunes coming out of NZ. Katchafire Julien Dyne...
i never come on this account anymore have you missed getting tweets from your microphone? :)
The sole purpose of a child's middle name, is so he can tell when he's really in trouble.
I won't be able to use these church birth and death records to calculate age-specific vital rates like I thought. :-(
UPDATE: Okay, so maybe the 2nd one was a fail... the first one was somewhat done. The last? LOVED IT. :) G'night!!!! xx Elle
Last prom.. Dunzo. Senior year is so bittersweet. #OneMoreMonth :/
Reframe fail. Fail fabulously, fast, and keep on going on.
your mom's not plural for your face, either
Heading to in Stone Oak to p/u my season tickets this evening.
Thank you!
You know you are a geek when by habit the first program you launch is terminal.
fun! Have you been before? Thinking about going sometime. When's the due date?
Soaking up the inspiration at SMPS Heartland Conference.
Nice! I need to make it out there soon.
: i learned the hard way. even if the storm blows over, better safe than sorry. | thanks for letting folks know!
ugh!! Hurry!!
Get free tickets today for a Library Lecture w/ Robert Kanigel (On an Irish Island), March 1, 7 PM at the Everhart Museum.
Ha! Beautiful city. Hope the book gives you a few tips.
Why is my account suspended? I really need it for our website launch. :(
it's definitly different.
Sometimes I wonder why the good guys get over looked? Hm
I went to Toas NM. yesterday. It was sure a fantastic wonderful town! I want to go back!
#Slime1D get it trending
LONG TIME NO SEE
Morning Joe Panel Perplexed By 'Smoking' Herman Cain Ad: 'That Wasn't Serious ...
no school tomorrow ;)
It really hit me today that I'm graduating in 5 days -_-
did you know that Dagnomusic.com is Free! join today! be a part of our open Beta!
Good morning thanks for the follow. What's your favorite #mix1 flavor ?!
By the way, it wasn't even that good.
Thanks for the heads up! RT and the patio is open!
yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, and today is a gift, that's why we call it the present*
its hot as ball.....
IM GOD! lets start itty
Tummy aches suck.
Bus discussions about #p90x are getting me pumped for core synergistics tonight!
BOISE, Idaho -- Two of Boise State's three football players with Dutch ties were suspended at the start of the season because of...
Exhausted beyond belief.....
He is such a tool. I am waiting for one of the other ESPN personalities to mention UK when he doesn't. Get a life Knight!
Wasting 15 minutes at the gas station >
Has anyone in the ever been nicknamed Plasticman? Kevin Durant should be nicknamed Plasticman.
A5) not always... besides, who do you believe? Why? That's an open ended question.
were you at hard times in Clarendon tonight? If not I swear I saw your twin.
My problem was the file, I think. It wouldn't open in iBooks or Goodreader. Everything seems to be working now.
": BREAKING: Joey Votto crushes walk-off grand slam for his 3rd homer of the game." Joey Votto is the perfect human being.
i thought a love like ours was forever..
You are peculiar, coyote.
I will never get to inbox zero
enjoy the rest of the conference!
Lunch specials today: butternut squash soup, chicken en croute w/salad, grilled half artichoke with garlic-pesto aioli. How to choose?!
ALERT! PayPal on censorship campaign; PayPal trying to force Smashwords, etal to remove material. NO, NO PayPal.
nah I am sure there are more... I am boarding a deadhead from MEM to ATL then going to CAE...you?
A little late but AP Chem was crazy lol
tough road game at the end of the season will let us know where we stand for super bowl run.
Dance in a few
Lame that the beginning of the baseball season gets more coverage than the NHL playoffs.
Is this a rhetorical question?
Can BlackBerry 10 Save The BlackBerry?
THANK YOU BASED GOD
SS yeah
": I feel your pain King ! I'm in a similar position. You got it tho" Yup just gotta pray on it. It'll be ok
What band?
Yeah, YOUR fault. (Well, kinda... find your charger)
Trust issues
#Justified ended another great season! Can't wait for the next...
What dreams do you have that require hard work to get there?
I've only been to the Bahamas Florida Alabama Atl The Sipp Chi-town Nashville Missouri n Iowa The Lou next so let me think
Delivering a leadership workshop at Pfizer's Partners for Success event in Charlotte today!
Gonna destroy some Papa Johns Pizza real quick
Last day of spring break :'(
Really doll? I care. I wont let u forget me!
Friday's Bonus Point: The Madison Boys & Girls Club off S. Park Street! Take a picture outside to earn more points toward our prizes!
I don't read your tweets in bed...
I'm sure whatever he said changed your life
2. The issues in this country have more to do with the have and have-nots than race.
Beach = lots and lots and lots and lots of tattoos.
That's okay! A few wins under your belt might help you make the transition to real stocks someday though, right? :-)
hahaha i feel u :D before she left she got me McDonalds!;D
prolly gonna be still down there, whats up
I guess we now know who won the mix battle!!
Not for a YouTube logo... For a corporate or company logo, yes. But YouTube? No. $5 max for YT.
looks like a real nail-biter between Rory and Tiger
Yes ... (shaking head)
I wanna go play on my elementary school playground, one last time.
Seriously, I'm physically shaking.
missing work too?
Or simply looking at the other posts in the discussion board would have made it very clear.
i love your bronzer it's Amaazeing, can't wait for italy, love you guys!
“: Does any1 remember when the "ROC" did those hot97 freestyles?! Them niggas went #HAM” #B. Sigel
this is my busy time of year, but I can always squeeze in Foundation time!!
Paul the octopus says that Spain will win, and I agree.
Maybe it should be the "dreamatorium" in a nod to 's project.
A great relaxing Saturday afternoon of reading and drinking tea.
two more hours before our music video for "She's Automatic" hits! Retweeeeet if you've already told all your friends!
Welp. I guess I I needed to get up. I hope my bed take me back </3
All the way!
I love my phone!!!!!! It's sexy, I should name him already
i wrk hard for da lil bit i got..i know in da end ill b greatly rewarded
Deans & division heads seek data and approval flow. Provosts & CAOs need to be kept in the loop and consulted with.
Claudia, Excited to lunch with as a victim of bullying as a child..I love the message he is sending by being part of City Hearts
& then lucky to not face DRose & JNoah.
It's getting a lot of buzz, we love it!
Love that video. I hope we get hit hard again this year since I'm a new Federal Hillian.
I totally agree....
Don't lead me on..
We have had meetings with several excellent prospective MBA students over the last week. Join them. Application deadline: May 7.
I see spots O_o
Feeling kind of sick... Damn itt. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
AB Roller Evolution naw not goin to order but looks cool
Hi, everyone sorry have not twitted lately been business writing article and press releases for my websites.www.bannerbydesign.com
"She's a woman, and she's the TARDIS." "Did you wish really hard?"
Does anybody know how I could get to follow me and to tweet me?
Singing loudly : I BELIEVE IN THE IMPOSSIBLE!! I STRIVE TO BE THE VERY BEST!
Things not to do in public: test out your cell phone's cache of annoying ringtones. In a restaurant, no less.
. Exactly; e.g. annotations which users can contribute and then select when they read. (I want Dr. Kenner's notes to Joyce.)
Austin! We are looking for new sponsors to add to our network! Contact us!
Aww thx Katina! I'll be shopping instead of from now on too!
i haven't heard from dominique in a while...
#FilipinoSwagg we won!!!!!!!!! Oh yeah tweeting my happiness...
#scottiepippentweets Richard Petty? Psh. Kyle Petty is the greatest of all time.
repeat what we spent together <U+2665> <U+2665>
I'm so lazy on my day off <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
u sick
Someone invite me to pinterest..bet with my wife
My tanlines are not okay.
My state Senator likes the internet tax part of the stadium bill.
Perry drops out of Pres. race after Romney tells him to run for the 10th Supreme Ct. seat where voting begins Nov. 12, 2012.
Our Winner of the iPad is Amy Riccardi. Thank every one for liking us on Facebook and watch for future promotions on Facebook and Twitter.
Shout out to My Gonzalez Engstrom Fadul and Pimentel Familia* Love you guys!
RT Do you have something to donate to the raffle? Give to a good cause and get promoted! Ping me if interested!
Forget the calendar - I know it's Spring when I switch from hot to iced coffee. thanks,
s/o lol the team so strong I couldn't fit'em all in one tweet
I have decided the #Royals should win today. Can they do that for me? #yankees v
just like 2006 right? He made some big plays that year. It makes alot of sense
What up! I need a Promo for an album. What do you say?
Just redid my toes(: they remind me of winter.
Got my 1st drunk call of the day. Apparently I'm a dick head.
Scotland Yard: Three Olives Cocktails tonight for only $3! The Kind Brothers are playing at Water Street , stop by before and after the show
Are you going to remember the correct locker room to enter?
Thanks for the +K chica! :)
Now it's 85° F, Clear in New York City - Fahrenheit for iPhone & iPad. Wishing safe & cool travels for #tcbsm4hr tomorrow!
when you coming back to madison wi?
haha no we have science nd I have math
Great tip from event: embrace those on other side; make them part of the event.
No really I'd love to take a nap but I'm too busy grinding the shit out of my teeth & building a heated Igloo out sugar cubes!
New book, "The Young and The Digital" by is forthcoming
its called yeah yeah off future's dirty sprite mixtape
Crazy day at the mall brendan bought a top hat!
Tomorrow I'm taking the sat test and I haven't studied. I'm only 14, its some duke program.
Wayne Lindholm #mnbes successful groups spend more time with people on the why than the how or the what. The Human Element
Joining on shortly to discuss #13WHAM Special Report 2nite @ 8pm SYNTHETIC DRUGS: A GROWING TEEN DANGER
RT : Hey, I'm just lookin' for a good time. -Lady Antebellum
idk lol but yeah they thinks its scary xD
really? where are you i dont see you :p
good. Dont want to go to all these jobs tonight
Sending my love>><U+2764>..I'm still at work->RT : Supporting my Vegas fam & at their play "Damaged Goods"
Just watched "To Kill a Mockingbird" for the 1,000th time. I still LOVE that movie/book. Oh Atticus...
make sure not to upset the locals by being yourself. Ha!
Just realized as a Californian in NYC that earthquakes are much less frightening when you grow up with them
didn't help. i'm tired of calling you guys (plus: NO PHONE), can I get tech support in a company store?
- What a great idea! We appreciate it!
Im saying Shabazz to UCLA and we get Nerlens. Hope shabazz surprises me.
RT US #GDP - well, if that was the STRONG quarter of 2012, we've got a lot of wood to chop. Up 2.2%.
What is this trick you speak of?
Gah! We missed you at #MilkMilkLemonade tonight. I even brought you a cookie, but then I eated it.
Plz follow me I will follow back!!!
In smartphone wars, legislation become the weapon of choice (Amy Hammer, Verizon). The stakes are high.
Watch it mister! :P
I love your tweets!! They're amazing!!(:
David Robertson is on waivers and I'm 10th in the order. Hoping Girardi tabs Soriano to close.
“: Romney: "My grandpa always said that marriage is the union of a man and a woman and a woman and a woman and a woman."”
what do you use tumblr for?
Hope the wheatgrass shots gave you lots of energy for your fun filled Saturday!
Hehehe! RT : If you hate Mondays, you need a new job. RT
Wow... Stephen Tyler is a really bad singer. I mean like bad, bad.
hey Sam! How about a RT for getting a 36 yrd pick 6 in the SB against P. Manning!!!
is he gonna get it
I just cried typing that. ohmygod can we please go back. I miss that day.
i need my own fucking place
30,000 views get on my level
omg omg 10 minutes!!
New Acting Star, show your support for others getting a foot in the door at our amazing festival, will be great to have you!
This week it's Salt Lake City, next week it's San Francisco, then New Jersey first week of March. So much for my quiet first quarter.
thanks for the mention hope to see you at a show soon.
Reality leaves a lot to the imagination. ~ John Lennon
filmmaker just gave us a follow, check him out!
when have you tweeted me? I've asked you to give me your fb and info hahah
what are the best food sharing apps? foodspotting? the eatery? looking for something social and journal-like that I can refer to
can you follow people anymore? Me not <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
I read through some of those comments. Sad is the only comment that comes to mind, too. Cheers, and Happy Festivus!
Chimps yoga today with Courtney at 3:30pm on Miami Beach! Mommies can enjoy Gradiva's Yoga Flow class at the same time!
May is Brain Tumor Awareness Month. Don't forget to wear your Gray!
The next 13 hours needs to fly by!
Guys, when Felicity Porter wants to have sex, she gets pretty weird.
hey followers, tweet me ;)
im saying cause I'm at the mall wiff dem cause I just ranned into them n I said retweet if u want me to tell dem u said hi
Thanks for the follow! How's the magic life treating you in the UK?
Running bitpak makes my phone hot. What's it doing? (besides downloading blocks)
Is that you in your icon? If so then your very hot
got it. Juicy.
Lol @ the girls with these whack ass ways to start convos with a cute dude and all they get is a retweet
same to you
I follow everyone team follow back
calm down and if there a hater just ignore and be normal.There nothing to worry bout and if a hater stare at u just look away
Latest read: Vigilante by Stephen J. Cannell. Writing's pedestrian, but he's a good storyteller.
where are you sitting?
_: If they ain't gonna ride for you then they shouldn't be riding with you.
We're having another taste test today! #LuckyMe! We're looking for a great meat combo. Suggestions?
I'm intrigued. Will you be going for the 'Bag of Crap' in the Woot-Off?
Hopefully that made sense lol...
mariachi music is playing...johns tex mex is open...thread has festive wear...COME TO THE SOUTH WEDGE TODAY!!!
Whoo on a roll this AM. Writing, reports, media requests, more writing, and more reports. Prep as we head into mid-May already!
The moment when you go to the bathroom at skyline and they have no toilet seat.. Smh.. #SquatMode lol
Oh fuck I dont remember where I parked?! SeaWorld why you gotta be so big?!
staying home the past few days... i think has helped. Headache is slowly going away...
GO ANDY!! This is awesome :)
We are all born for love. It is the principle of existence, and its only end. - Benjamin Disraeli
#twittertools TwitterHolic: This list is being constantly updated so you can find out who the most popular twitter users are. Also You can g
Baby what’s the deal, have you ever heard of some shit so real?
Advantages and lot of disadvantages still
Naaa it is nothing like how ppl say it is :-p
So I got the newest Crest 3D white toothpaste... all I gotta say is mah teeth is gonna be slaying tomorrow
Have you checked out the site listorious? Looks like they beat us to the chase..
who the fuck eats frogs? SO GROSS!!! I am goig to puke
Thanks for info on Vaclav Havel and the Dalai Lama.
New music obsession: Gotye. Somebody That I Used to Know is pretty bomb.
One last thing....this #YOLO shyt is getting waayyy outta hand smh!! I think we all realize u don't come back like Jesus!
maybe something like Ian's capuchino(sp?) maker c:
#atplc did you know that Heiffer International is located in Little Rock?
Be a legend
Ah so many movies I wanna see!!
thanks for the recommendation
You should get me one too ! <3 ;)
#salute to you my brother!!!!
its a cult classic. Like Transamerica or Rocky Horror Picture Show. Its fantastic though
Join us this Thur North-Central for a holiday wine tasting & silent auction $25 at the door. 8p - 10p
Best sunday ever coming up.. practice in the morning, then off to see my favorite band live the dream I follow every day
Reggie Bush claims he will lead the NFL in rushing this year. When did he become a comedian?
thanks buddy, got a post coming in a few minutes
you say that like it's a BAD thing. RT : None of my old BBS logins work.
want good quotes on your timeline? then I want you to follow please (: she needs more followers! she's
Packers' Practice is best when tuned in remote to Cheese Head TV! The best way to stay connected to the best team in NFL!
sumthin sad happened to my relatives but my heart goes out to them forever and always
Looking for some steady work in the Houston Area....I'm a Killer carpenter and remodeler ....
I feel you I can't sleep... This four day weekend.... Blah well t taubes imma be asleep in yo class
#ThingsWeAskGod2helpUsWith for Gaga to win a Grammy every year. Where was he this year? Bailing on us, man.
He's going 3/4 tonight!!
why. Cause of that slutbag?
trucking away. getting ready to try the Chocolate Maple Porter the lady and I have been brewing
I want to run through the forest. :-)
yeah I know, and the worst part is that they can't keep it for themselves. It hurts but I don't give a fuck! Hahaha! :)
So happy that Kashian gave you a platform to talk ball w/o an audience. Also, no Jewish AS team is complete w/o Ryan Braun.
This bar is playing I'm in Miami bitch.....it's like they know my life
wait till you get a gander at my cowboy boots cc
Boston got the Sixers with the ish face??? They looking like they giving up..it's the playooffs anything can happen stop looking sad!!
When was the last time you got out & enjoyed nature? It can feed your soul.
I only text like 2 people now hahahha.
Chun: To what extent is a network circulation rather than infrastructure?
- girl I'm so ready for tonight! We gotta show Patty how #Missouri does it! PS - u're my wing-woman tonight!
Join us for Pub Trivia tonight at 7:30! Be sure to get there early to claim a table for your team!
Congrats to on your book and tv spot- great to see you and all the honest moms on the Today Show!
I love mine! I'm sure they'll be delish!
follow back love like the ski new York page as well
Didn't know Canada was involved in the Manhattan Project. Maybe they're harboring nuclear weapons now.
I hope life isn’t a joke, because I don’t get it.
#Chicago - What is the name of the clothing store on Michigan (S of water tower on the W side) that has the walls of SEWING MACHINES.
That Gendarme just body-slammed Australia bikini guy
Make Sound Investment With Investment Property Loans
Been pushing myself doing more pushups and now my wrist is killing me!
Your tweets are amazing! Lol, cracking me up over here.
Thanks for the mention and for following
- thanks for the retweet!
miss you
Haha! Exactly! Phoenix can remain safe for tonight. L0L! Well at least from our powers.
I'm so very sad my heart is broken I LUV THE BEASTIE BOYS peace and luv ADAM we will miss U!!!
killed that Right by My Side video. I'm in love <U+2764>
Good news is just life's way of keeping you off balance.
Injured Clijsters Out Of Clay Court Season - 10sBalls
Hey, CEO says he knows you from business school.
haha where to
Happy St Patrick's Day! Did you get caught not wearing green today?
#AskBieber Why are you so popular despite your complete lack of musical talent, originality, and authenticity?
Congratulations! Break a leg!
I am the literary equivalent of a Big Mac and Fries
Tonight in The Temple Lounge see ATC's own Mark Ryan and T. Greg Squires perform with The Clam Tostada! Show starts at 9:30PM.
That sounds good. Thanks for checking
Hope you and enjoyed your meals!
Very nice road win for #Michigan tonight
ooohhhh is that better?
If you ever want to find the loneliest ppl on twitter, check the @ mettions to bots. It's funny in a sad way
just makin sure you can find us..... this my page all day...... bout 2 send u one of my new tracks
RT ": O Crap.... I Lost Track of That Spider.... Now I Feel Like a Victim In My Own Home" haha
uh oh, trouble in paradise? i don't know you in real life but i still care about you! xoxo hope everything's ok
Blarghhhhhhh I'm bored.
must not have any good fried chicken places in Cleveland that deliver to the dugout.
Thanks, I'll keep you posted on what I find out
Happy Birthday Cody!!!<3 Hope you have a great day(: I love you and always will<33
Once again, freedom if speech in question?! #Hank Williams, Jr made a comment-funny n my opinion- & the left goes wild!Ironic its ok 4 them!
ha yes!
Ding Ding...Gametime
How much time do you spend on Twitter a day? What about Facebook?
I'm tired of everyone in this fucking house
One small mistake can turn into a world of problems.
Emcees near and far: email your tracks to THe Pulse is where Hip Hop lives
“: my dude happy birthday!” thanks brotha!
welp I'm splatter pairing stuff to procrastinate...
Soy el only true Luchador!
#AvengersAssemble tonight sat #bjj southern open and sun #kayomma watford good luck to all our #combatcompanyrichmond warriors
that sucks. My daycare provider is awesome. I can give you her info if you need it.
From a client on friday. "Thank You. It was our pleasure. This was such a great experience. Can't wait to see the final products."
your network is your filter -Don Tapscott
Finished speedy 10mi Anacostia run, listening to on biz dev. Now scrambling to brunch 4 dose of lgbt politics
“: I don't know what you are talking about lol” Me either!! Haha
Wrecking crew....think about it
Thank you to the great people for protecting my identity! <U+2665>
To clarify: it's very well done, and the political reality it describes is incredibly depressing.
Wow what a day... so I sit down to paint but realize my dog has way to many fleas (one is to many) but anyway I look up how to kill...
Man I love wheels.
retweet I wanna see some action...
Derek Bailey's bk (quite old now) has chpt on Baroque/classical improv. He also did a TV series, interview R. Levin.
it's not the way it has to go, it's just what I prefer
I smell roses ...
Thanks for the RT! Rock Chalk!
#Forever Living Products get results!!!
thank you sir
Usher, Kelly Clarkson, Linkin Park and Nelly Furtardo have all joined the list of previously announced performers at this year's Billboar
Lunch with 3 awesome creative friends who push cross platform #mobile design development to the limit: , ,
Have fun!
Its Friday oh yeah its going down
Hope had a good show sorry I couldn't b there boo
did it
I found out that your a liar
saw a woman wearing a dress today. i wasn't the only one noticing. felt like it was 1959. nice. thanks, miss!
i dont know when to use the# ? Ps that was funny
yes it is :) follow
It's not the key, it's the doorway.
Yo really got me dying over here with her tweets.
dangit!! I keep missing your show. What...a-the shit.
ahh, that makes sense, haha. Nice!!
dam... i was about to ask you too. Thanks for staying one step ahead RT 11-3 today, not bad if u ask me
Speak up, fans! ---> RT : What's. Your favorite cheddar & one more which one is good to bake with?
RT : "Change is sometimes controversial." - Anthony Marx, President of the New York Public Library
looks fantastic. Consider a solid in the main content area bg.
naw u put a hex on my charger
A lot of cats think you can skips steps or say they believe in something although there scared to invest in there own idea, dream or skill
Thank you for including us! ^TM
spelled problems wrong you whore
Taste and Tweet in Chicago inside the Loop. Have friends in the City who tweet? They can apply to taste at TasteTweet.com
Great time working with folks at the div. of vocational rehab of WA. They're doing great work for people! I'm glad I can help in a small way
Not even close, not even a little bit, not even at all.
When is it it???
lucky ass u need to call me
ah really? I wanted to see that one. What's so bad about it?
I don't sell dreams, I love all these betches
Fuk pony productions!!! HANGOUT STREET TEAM KNOWS HOW TO THROW THE PARTYS
did you know your the Swagmaster from Doncaster cause your fablouis!
RT : Find someone who can change your life not your relationship status
haha I know
note! RT : Don't forget - HALF PRICE PIZZAS on Mondays in Clarendon when you dine in!
Just realized how sorry the bobcats are this year. They definitely should get the #1 pick in the draft
we love to hear this! thanks for the support!
Yup Man! Let's go MAVS! Here we go! Merry Christmas Bro :-)
I want to be crafty. Where is when I want a trip to
love the prelim sketch.
not my fault. Wont let me see how bad your belly is :P
Prototype near completion, anyone with an iPad want to be an "Alpha" user?
that looks great! I wonder how the coffee tastes with it.
Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Presidential Candidate live at Tea Party Debate in Tampa, Florida stay tuned
Kind of humorous how on some days I feel amazing and the very next day I'm feel like crap. Maybe it's the tide. Do you get like that?
Phils drop the 1st game of the series to the Cubs 5-1. Doc gets his 2nd loss on the season. Joe Blanton takes the mound tomorrow.
Come see us play downtown tomorrow for free! 6:45 in front of momma g's on broadway. holler.
I missed your SXSW talk Building a Digital Agency: Dream to Reality - do you have it available on Slide Share or anywhere else? thnx!
Life, stop being so difficult.
A real OG blasting straight outta Compton
Tell all of my niggas that the sky is the limit.
hell yea bro u already kno
glad you liked it! It is an install of all new ceramic and paper works by Arlene.
Put stanford on tht list of colleges-.-
because I don't have as many relationship problems as you
Jeez. Is it really 3 am? Gawd.
last time this happened it was on CNBC
Lol That nigga nasty. He almost ruined the Hawks dreams just now.
OMG..My mother is making my mad>:\
And I am home! Glad I didn't drive today!
I'm sure he paid the contractual consequences. Bo Ryan moved his way through the University of Wisconsin system with dignity.
I don't know.... The song rubs me the wrong way. That's me.
Once again HAPPY BIRTHDAY baby doll (:
"If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull down the shade." - Tom Peters.
Pacific Beach Surf Report 2-3 ft + knee to chest high POOR TO FAIR CONDITIONS
Alas...I almost feel special! :P
Dan, My understanding is that it romanticizes the Playboy franchise.
RT : So tired during school but never at this time! Why..
This rain is getting stupid.
I do like the foil emboss having a soft spot for package design. I nearly busted out in mad laughter when I saw the program.
Eating raw cookie dough & watching Teen Mom .
Looking to find a way in the memphis filmmaking scene...
And I keep running in circles :)
it's a song ! Lol
Happy Birthday Coach!!!
told me you could give #REBarCampWI a shout out www.Facebook.com/REBarCampWI I hear you hail from Racine
congratulations on your engagement!
Hi excited to find you on here. What classes do you teach?
Herman Cain on The View today at 11am. Interesting what Whoppi will have to comment. Demi Moore is on as well.
Oh, noesssss. We got some Gloadssssss.
Not to mention SELFISH & GREEDY as in GOP
Thank you Lord for double stuffed Oreo's.
Baking cookies, drinking beer, listening to good music. I defy you to have a better Monday.
So over the Paranormal Activity movies, They are kind of scary but not really. They are boring as hell.
people telling you, you smell good
Too many errors to report. Check the forum posts by Alex. We hold you guys to a much higher standard. Thanks again for listening.
I think that was a double slam in yo face if I read that right.
if you have an emergency call 800-685-4074. You will get through to a person after going through the automatic prompts.
USA USA USA
thanks!!! From what I have seen so far, it's turned out so good!!! U did great!!
I created alot of 3D models when making the art for Russ Aimz.
Welcome to Twitter Damien! :) @
Cal Ripken made his debut as a #Baltimore Oriole today in 1981.
people annoy so much
camera cat
oh im SO there for you bacho! ahaha ;)
space jams
Imagining the time in this city when soggy bums still lit up the garbage cans
HAAPY NEW YEAR<U+2665> BEST WISHES FOR YOU ahahaha<U+2665> I Love U :D
Great 2 B back! Come join me this morn South Bay 4 a double whammy 4 the candy!!
Peak Performance announces the recruitment of Henrik Bunge as the new CEO.
so who has romantic dining suggestions for valentine's day? houston based - and no franchises, please.
LMFAO I couldn't help it and the funny thing is that she loves me lol
thank you
As a grown adult you should know better than to EVER be left alone w/ a box of Samoas.
Do It ...For Some Odd Reason The Leopard Goes With That Bright Light Sky Blue Lol
they're not?
Day 2 of #MCC2012 at the Andaz Hotel. We begin the day with a Rum tasting before #pigandpunch 2012!
Herman Cain told Barbara Walters that if we elect a Republican President, he would like to serve as Sectary of Defense. What do you think?
(c) Society should start judging people on their personalities & the good or bad they do in the world, not their weight.
It's great! Beyond amazing to work with this team. Hope everything is going well for you, too!
Erotic Photo Hunt is a great way to meet new people! #thoseboobsdon'tmatch
Fuck I gotta go school.
holy cow, i cannot breathe
glad your having fun miss you!!
RT: FOLLOW The crew: and
Sheriff: Alcohol considered a factor in 1-car, 3-passenger crash in Luxemburg today. All passengers were in early 20s, 1 taken to hospital.
Nothing but the funny on tap at tonight! Thunderlips & the Submissives! Improv Comedy 9pm $5 We got your funny Cleveland!
I'm such a Grey's Anatomy whore <U+E328>
LT ends at 10 pm. Tiptoe quietly away and come again next month!
Yes and can provide rides as well!
The division created by President Obama's stand on gay marriage is very deep and I don't think it is going away soon.
I just got off the phone again with your customer service. They will not help me or escalate the issue further I need help
Me too
How am I not?!
the straight up actual Twitter for iPhone, that's wuzzup. Probs not going to thon :(
It's time to vote for your favs at Abqthemag.com for Best in the City. Don't forget Cake Fetish as best cupcake!!!!
Blue Martini!! Yippie!
How many people's weekend starts today??
Jobs wanted to solve problems, didn't rely on data. #ideaseconomy Data alone doesn't unearth problems...
,yes i prey to her all the time :)
#Tip: A #medical evacuation back to the U.S. could cost more than $50,000 if you aren't insured. Ask your insurer if you’re covered!
are we good now? <3 c':
I know right?! Lol
What does it mean when someone tells you they are "frightening in love with you?" ::eyebrow raised::
Still looking for Holiday gifts? Come to #TabandehDC ! For every $100 spent, get a $20 gift card for your next purchase!
the hell you would!!!!!
Are we here to improve transportation or to buy AFLAC products? Clearly management is more interested in the latter.
Karmas a bitch and she's comin straight for u....
"To stop advertisement for the sake of money saving is just like stoping a watch for the sake of time saving."
Happy Cinco de Mayo Day.... Knit something festive
for sure what u doin for school?
lame. I'm always looking to meet twitter people.
nice dude! Glad its going good. And I left ctc dude, but I have another band lined up so we will see how that goes haha
Done with substantive lectures for the semester. Looking forward to the #seis752 project presentations next week. Should be good!
#FedExForum #Downtown #Memphis Lets Go #MissionImpossible Go
Gotta get ready for photo shoot tonite ;-)
GUESS WHAT MY DAD GOT ME!!!!! A fucking helicopter with a pilot!!! It's only for me. Oh my God! This is awesome!
Roger Mason back in the house at shootaround. Hopefully he doesn't feel too at home tonight.
Hmm interesting.. How would you do that?
My nephew Ryley now has a driving permit. O.M.G....
Hates When Everyone In Your Contacts Is Sleep..
learning about adaptive expertise with at #NAISAC12. Analogy, Chopped tv show, unknown basket, still perform high level
Been in bed sick all day now I can't sleep at least soUth park is on
If you're a member of Genx or GenY, Train's new song "This'll Be My Year" reads like a chronology of life. Download it, trust me.
New job, here I come!
How the hell was Cinderella the only woman with that shoe size in the entire kingdom? Hmm
So the card is near the airport with the Jetblue terminal.
im boutta get a attitude, smh.
“: "May the saddest day of ur future b no worse than the happiest day of your past." Anonymous Irish Saying Happy St.Patty's Day <3”
My Biggest fear is losing my mom<U+2665>
Josh Hamilton of Texas Rangers still using bat from four-homer game Texas Rangers slugger Josh Hamilton is still taking swings wit
Nobody in the business is better at trading stock options. We are the best in the business. www.OptionSpreadStrategies.com
Mama is at home sick in bed today. See you on the road tomorrow.
Im so tired of watching her suffer! Im tired of seeing her in pain! Go....you're almost in a better place!!! <|3
Stupid Republicans...
And the manager at Cafe Belga didn't even offer to make them move or anything. Just told us to wait another 30 mins for the next table.
Nice!! Can't wait to get something booked in there!
John Ruskin: The imagination is never governed, it is always the ruling and divine power.
Thanks man! Why didn't you come over and say hey?
You have 283 followers Here’s more about them.
You cannot always control the opportunities, but you can control the readiness. Practice and you'll be ready!
lol! I do love her though. Nostalgic.
hmmp , still thinking .. isususot sa united nation .. ms. latin american .. help ..
You all everybody!!!
I discovered recently that is awesome! I am glad I waited until it existed to go back to school.
What I've heard is that it's broken. And no one on either side plans to fix it. So all we can do is update status.
ok, do celebrities really twitter? I think not
Thanks for the RT!
Cloris! We love you! Come see a show at #stage773 while you're in town!
been there before, not fun! hope you can get to sleep soon!
Will you look at THAT! On the left side of each of those pairs are your older normal mice
that's not a mascot, that's my child (snivel, snivel)
Got on Twitter only to find out that way too many people are tweeting about #thevoice. Getting right back off. Gnite! :)
Hope the weekend went well! Like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand your users. Follow me to DM?
Feeding my son a second breakfast of beef jerky.
wish I had a rooftop garden
“The greatest discovery of any generation is that a human being can alter his life by altering his attitude.”—William James
This rice tastes like shit...worst one I had in a while.
We're just about 3 weeks away from early voting. Get ready to Write #Fenty In!
st. Rose
cant really with that route - with it being so close to sideline - just need to make sure u can trigger the animation
Many thanks Michael.
YOU LIKE MY BENCHES?
Oh yes!!RT : Bridesmaids is the funniest. Might have just snorted.
okay thanks
exponential. It's a word I dislike. Not sure why, I just do.
4 hour road trip no CDs/iPods just Neil diamond on the radio. Fun times
Yes!!!! RT : Larry Scott won't confirm reports, but MGM Grand reps are at Staples planning for Pac-12 Tournament next year.
i wish i could get some one to talk to or more followers lol
I'm sorry I am going to miss the event. Have a great one!
thanks for the follow, loved your recent article on Autism!
Reading a great Book #TwitterWorks Restaurant 2.0 Edition
Cynthia Gordy of joins for the journalist panel on #WashingtonWatch Sunday at 11 am ET/PT
Wow, reading last nights tweets is a good indicator of when it all went wrong :( I should have stopped after I hit on those teachers
It could be, in 15 years Community doesn't hold up. But as someone who speaks in pop culture references often, I relate.
I wish I was John Mayer's penis.
I just sent you a creepy video MUAHAHAA
Are you actually up this early? Oh lordy.
Crazy weekend... taking it easy tonight.....maybe
RT : Favorites of #e2conf: #doubledutch Will explain why later this week!
my revenge slasher pic: Bitter Torrent: Free films never hurt so bad!
oh, and another thing... NO we will not kidnap your alcoholic grandmother who wants a drink, when theres nothing wrong with her!!!
I cant do it anymore..im sorry but im done..bye </3
yes its my own recipe ! i got a bunch :)
... going to Culver's on 2500 W.Ogden Ave, Downers Grove for their classic car cruise night tonight from 5pm ... see you there!
Im in Dallas LA hear I come
and we need to hang out soon and catch up on life
Get ready for spooky economy 2010.
Listen to the Angels shout! - It is finished He has done it Life conquered death. Jesus Christ has won it!
I thought I outgrew "Crap, I could really use that book I have in [building I can't currently access]" when I graduated. False.
I just got another idea for a video blog entry. I think I'm going to post about some of the different fruits in Colombia, there are so many.
Getting really nervous about the outcome of the Clippers-Grizzlies game. Let's Go Memphis!
I think it was probably the realization that I don't need to fear talking about money. That and how confident is.
& I love Soy la del rincon & Roberta! ; )
#Follow some good friends/mine
The hardware store has canning supplies for all you home gardeners.
Ok I am totally free tomorrow for the Final, TNN? Life has been crazy busy as of late.
This kid is seriously taking the elevator up one floor?
How do CORAL users input license terms and text? Do users share license data across institutions?
Now to add to the Yankee misery Jesus montero goes yard and the Yankee announcers are tryin to justify the trade
Getting my suit ready for the Detroit Music Awards
#FF thanks for support!
I’ve never eaten a pumpkin seed…
Proud of my first German Chocolate layer cake. It might look like a volcano that erupted but it's pretty delish haha
haha you think ? It was toasty out there!
I'd really like it if this paper would just write itself...ugh.
Just got schooled on exergy when I asked about the Sci Mus MN's carbon footprint. And luv'd it.
Contemplating whether to sleep or not... Maybe I'll watch a couple old episodes of The Office and head to bed...
sorry everyone who i haven't answered back. don't quite have the hang of twitter yet :) #Bananas!
are you quoting Dumb and Dumber??
Sux about DRose. One of the VERY few NBA players I like.
You have to put in many, many tiny efforts that nobody sees or appreciates before you achieve anything worthwhile. ~ Brian Tracy
So for a motion of reassurance I allow her to gain self control
Liked your comment re perceived resistors and group of resistors. Interested in reading the book now.
in front, we have a new little patio thanks to the new parking lot.
Ok Gladiators time for
that's great! It'll happen:)
Morning TwitterTweeps! 3 exams today starting at 8am! Bring it!
#survey: Do you use a #mobile device? iOS, Android or something else?
I'm seriously debating making a run for it...
Good advice comed from bad experience.
Been Busy Family Girl Vacations And School I Hope My Sister Can Forgive Me
I am t India and beech heading into downtown.
When you realize that it is super late & past your bedtime.
OH THE HUMANITY
text me gorgeous, i cant answer right now.
Done with SRI.
whatever. I gave a shout out to
Don't miss our book signing + wine reception for Sodhi & Tang, Managing Supply Chain Risk at #POMS2012 today at 3pm in the exhibit hall!
Why is my body temp so hot? ._.
Almost all girls on fb have the same pics .. time for something new .
that's good
Just dreamed up a new ad campaign for 101 Creative. I'm looking forward to designing it across web, print and video. Should be lots of fun!
Nigga shut up u watch his shows ": yeah but it still has tyler perry in it which makes the movie lose credit"
Has The Best Music
I make Jordan's & Heels happen.
there's a Smokie the bear plush hanging in there tonight.
Happy Mother's Day from your Friends at Zuma Fun Center North!
Cheering for VCU is a stressful activity.
you'll want a car service over a cab -- the cab will be very pricey. Where are you staying?
Thanks for the RT. Hope to meet you at the expo!
Okay, it was just us then. It wasnt even going to FB. Thanks for the link.
thanks for the RT; we hope y'all have had a great start to your week!
#ItsAllFunAndGamesTil they start broadcasting your story on Americas Most Wanted.
Successfully configured VPN and remote desktop connection on ipad.
Happy Friday to you, too!
That moment in a movie when the person puts someones stuff on fire,and then walks away like their bad!
Lobster killer
lol. Did you spend like $20 there?
I missed todays blog tv ); I'm sad.
Good evening all. Thank you for following me:
Missing someone is a part of loving them, if you're never apart then you'll never know how strong your love really is.
- Central Park and the West Side were packed with Multisport athletes today! What a great Saturday!
What you doing sexy??
#liber2011 Costs of digitizing the mss? At BSB 200 images/day on average depending on the ms.
Don't forget to pick up books on blogging from your public library!
Anyone going to the mini tour? Yes? No? Maybe?
Bed time! All the cool kids are doing it :) Good night
Wonderful! Can't wait to discuss it at The Tri State Conference!
thnx & np! I just learned about the org from a friend & knew the least I could do was share my story.
XD Proof that I'd go to extremes for that man! ;p
...and at some point I decided I wasn't any good and quit trying. Still kind of regret that.
yea but HULK is so strong he can practically fly from just leg strength alone!
Dim the lights , cause our love will shine so bright
thanks so much for the follow
Great Rental on Beautiful Block!!! Check it out!!!
Floyd Mayweather to fight Miguel Cotto! Floyd runs from Manny once again...I'm getting to the "I don't care anymore" status.
let's aim for Friday
Tumblr is so much easier on my phone.
2 RULES OF LIFE: 1) never regret 2) never look back
Thanks for the follow George.
Ha! Awesome thanks Nicole, I will check this article out :)
The Untouchable MMG >>>>>
Seriously? In that case, all things being equal, I'd rather hit the night game Fri, then day game/#Song1 Sunday . . .
4G is the fastest internet connection that is currently available
you will prob have to youtube it. its one of their bonus tracks
please tell me that's fake
I have followed you for almost 1.5 years I believe. yet with one tweet I quit 3 pound liberal, I got your 3 pounds in my pants
RT : just added Engage121 to their "2012 Cool Vendors in Customer Service and Support." HUGE honor!
don't tell anyone... Patti Smith is in our office right now.
Lmao RT : out of everyone who listens 2 boosie who has actually killed someone lol
i should be doing the same thing lol
#Kids are excited about #birthday party for my nephews today
Thanks for the Retweet David! Like us on Facebook for a chance to win free incense weekly!
thanks for coming out you guys! food was awesome!!!
#BeastMode never sleeps #runningcureseverything I just finished a 7.33 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Visit CA Ford Dealers at the World Ag Expo in Tulare today through Thursday at booths O33 & O35!
PickUpLine: Whip it out and show me what you got, I want to make sure I'm not disappointed later.
FREE fun & giveaways for the whole family tomorrow starting at 11am!
Glad to have ACY, NASW, Md States Atty Assn in support of MD SB's to add a penalty to the failure to
Spamming Vinny on my birthday.
WFC Presents "Women as Leaders in our Community: Getting There, Staying There, and Effecting Change." Tomorrow, May 18th 11:30 am H1210-1250
I Havent Tlked To You Since Then.. & I Feel Like I Cnt Do This ..
My mom just sent me a text that said "Save a horse, ride a pony ;)" ohmy! i love her :P
i dunno about panels,but The Bellmen will knock your socks off.
Getting ready to start my 5K this am. Beautiful morning for a run!
Wow I guess I really do like you, oh well. I've got no chance
completely missed troll opportunity, I was expecting something funnier than Go Cubs Go...haha
Oh, if only I had a bullet bra. Lol
Sneaking suspicion the tribute to daddies @ this kindergarten chorus recital is actually a missing bonus track from Jesus Christ Superstar.
Fuck getting ready for school.
Attended the Drucker Business Forum event at KPCC yesterday to hear Gary Vaynerchuk speak about his book The Thank You Economy. Good insight
"My angel, my all, my very self - Only a few words today and at that with pencil (with yours)..." :)
So glad to hear it! cc/
Where are all the Tebow haters now? Please don't shy away like "Cowards" including you Mr. Elway, come out, come out where ever you are...
Help show your #Redskins #httr Support! www.facebook.com/redskinfans
We will be announcing very exciting news this saturday. We love you all!
amen. btw that hashtag rules. and I think you're my twitter doppleganger based on your name.
Serrioouslllyyyy “: I don't understand how I can care this much when you don't care at all.”
Looking for a #Sales Rep in #Powell for Recreation Outlet! Email me at
My number one pet peeve in fanfic? Constantly shifting perspectives. Pick a character already!
I wanna see you kill anything with this!
Lack of will power has caused more failure than lack of intelligence or ability. ~ Flower A. Newhouse
hell nah
BEAUTY AND THE BEAST IS ON ABC FAMILY - enough said.
Call now and you could talk with UK’s Wall, Patterson or others – Hoops for Haiti telethon 859-299-5455
So much to do; not enough time
Happy!!! So nice outside.
I'm only going cause I updated my iPod :D
Very cool! I enjoyed the cultural geography aspects.
Look for us at #OAH2012 and #SAA2012 for a chance to win a free new book about old stuff!
Speaking on transcending stereotypes, celebrating #diversity @ Franczek Radelet for the Black History Month Luncheon Celebration 2day at 1PM
NCAA Championship game tonight!!! Come in for 50cent wings and Hospitality night!!!
Hi! I am Samantha! Im on the show Samantha's Life for optimum TV's! Please watch!
Yovanni, the headcase, is back. How did I know that was going to happen?
To the 'ship!
FREE SAMPLES BETWEEN 12NOON AND 1PM TODAY BY THE WATERMILL NEXT TO HE CAR WASH. SWEET POTATOE PIE! LOOK 4 DA CUTE GUY HOLDIN DA PIE!
why can't i be a red bull athlete
Talk to me
argggh. Next week then, we ride.
It's all good
Heading to the rents so unfortunately I can't cook for you today :( But it'll be up and running again late tonight and tomorrow at 3:30!
Yay! Thank you to all my followers for spreading my name and getting me 103 followers!(:
RT : The Fourth is strong with this month.
You can read a book almost anywhere! That's so cool.
If you really want to do something, you'll find a way. If you don't, you'll find an excuse. ~Jim Rohn
I love the song dig down deeper
I've been dong it for 8 months! lol
Frank called wanting help with his computer
Nobody let me mention to my eccentric aunt that we're trying to get a tv show on air at our #SuperBowl party. She'll run with it. -Allen
We should do that again sometime or better yet- go see an actual show.
I'm so jealous!!!
RT : One last time for tonight's lightning round: Your favorite actor-turned-director?
#FF the Real-Time #SocialMedia Rockstars Great Job Last Night!
ok add me Rilea_Mia
In Pub History/Civic Engagement session at #OAH2012, give a shout out to the work of in her compelling talk. . .
If anyone needs a website, online marketing plan, social media branding - please feel free to contact me 772-340-6069, I've got some amazin…
Check out more from Reko Rennie (artist of the pink kangaroos) at tonight's Kluge-Ruhe Aboriginal Art Collection opening!
"There is no such thing as rational or irrational action. All human action is aiming 2 satisfy some desire"
George Washington baseball can win the DPL (on a tie-breaker with East) with a win over Thomas Jefferson tonight.
I am a fan of Shaq and Hoops.
haha! Faith made crappy brownies! Mine are so better than hers!xD
I wonder if the radio station will play i would be so happy if they did(: <WeMissAustin!>
Glad #Archer is back on TV. Sploosh. Sploosh. Archer: Lana, I'm in love with you. Lana: You are also shit faced. Archer: I can be both.
thanks for the amazing day
I'd give my eye-teeth for a good comparative history of Euro & American U systems. (Not that anyone wants my eye teeth.) Any ideas?
Daycare said Calvin "did not have nice hands today." What the hell does that mean? Did he "Tune In Tokyo" some little girl or something?
Seven more days.
Thank you to everyone who attended our Gallery Night Opening yesterday. Be sure to stop by today for more jewelry, art and treats!
love your twitters! Feel the same as you. You are so right about cheap food that's so accessible. Need more vegan
i am having a great day !
Nothing like a headache in the middle of the night.
As it comes to a close, thanks to everyone who made today's Baked Appreciation day such a fantastic day! We love you all!
Anyone need tickets to The Red Wire and (Celtic Rock Stars) Flatfoot 56? Show is next Friday at the Gear!!! Let me know
- thank you!
#AskAriana Can you please give a shout out to Catherine Gonzalez :)
who u cheering for in the super bowl? NE or NY?
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 40
Getting ready to shoot my next music video for my newest single "I Wish" in Kentucky really soon. Can't wait for everyone to whats next.
Happy Monday! Hope everyone enjoyed a relaxing weekend!
I think we are in the same boat... email some of ur music to me so i can check it out
"Dirty sons a bitch! That fuck Joey!"
OMG VAMPIRE DIARIES IVE BEEN WAITING TOO LONG FOR THIS SJFBSLHRBG <3333
I think it's so cute how my brother smiles at his phone when he texts his girl <U+2764>
Breakfast of champions
Night with my boy ! Woohoo!!
Safe travels!
Amazing job by all involved with season 4 finale. A few tears, some holding of breath & genius performance by !
I never really look for anything. What God throws my way comes. I wake up in the morning and whichever way God turns my feet, I go.
honey, only death can pay for life....
Went out for a run at the beach. RT if you #run at the
What's the best mix of traffic for strong organic growth? 1/3 referral, direct, search? I think more referral is better. Opinion?
We are now part of the DEMCO family of companies! Find out more at evancedsolutions.com
“: That awkward moment when you realize #JesusSaidNoToYOLO.” I came up with this before anyone
Okay, so this bitch right yurrr is so fucking happy XD
“: Dats how it should be. ! A nigga should appreciate dat 100 percent !”
Good point- #BBQ could work for July #LetsLunch too
Tonight The will be at Wynwood Art Walk. 210 nw 22nd lane.
Happy Earth Day! What are you going to do today to make a difference?
Sorry. Was raging over Diablo I issues... also I don't have amazing powers of observation... so.... Congrats?
very possible. I don't watch enough college football to say either way. Just going off what I've been hearing
"One direction and Justin Bieber are gay!" BITCH, their straighter than the pole your mom dances on!
Yeah sure sure ;)
I didn't need you in my life anyways.
. Saints might be considering him for interim head coach.
Thanks for the follow.
#Tip: Find David Beckham and bring him to me.
1st of the month = time to look at web stats
Look, I understand arguments for Gerrard, but he's injured more than he's healthy & can't be considered a true regular any longer
me: "good morning." 1st grader: *blank stare & turns to friend* "sub." it's gonna be a good day :)
I'M FEELING SKINNY TONY !
Do tell...
your concert was amazing <3 you made it the best valentines day ive ever had :)
": im my biggest fan! Besides nesia"
“: Best way to send online articles to reading offline on iPad? Thoughts?”-- According to the masses, Instapaper wins!
Rainbow monkey ugly ass shit
And why don't you go to my school again? Lol.
Live your life today and forget the unpleasant things that had happened in the past.
Our website is getting ready to launch in beta testing mode. If you'd like an invite let us know!
Thank you! Thats a blessing! I am totally with that! Let do it!
a likely story. :-)
commonwealth's team, race, and coach!
Warm blanket out the dryer >>
LOOK @ THIS TWEET YOU KNOW YOU WANT TO (; FOLLOW ME,
Good morning. Twitter
My question is how often does this person run? Is it you-haha? If so, I'd like to know how often, distance and time.
RT : Good social networkers are both business-oriented and personal.
haha it never gets old!!
I shave and use Certain Dri antiperspirant. Works wonders, never had another problem since then.
Things I didn't expect to acquire today: directions to create the Supreme Court building out of cardboard. Useful .. ?
If cloud vendor can mine your data it may up end the representations you make publicly in your privacy policy
It is 6:30 on the East Coast and still alive ! Florida is checking in ok.
Best way to start your day, blasting Chronic 2001 on your commute to work.
I be off at 8:30 and ain't nobody wanna hang out with Trifling.
the payoff is well worth it.
P!NK def did it loud in NYC on Monday!!! amazin kick ass performance!
I love and small world.
Come to Paddy's and have a drink with me! :)
I miss the Texas thunderstorms! :(
I am not a 'writing snob.' I believe everyone can write; it takes practice to improve. Pick 1 day a week and write just 1 page of words.
Hey there, (conradfly), thanks for the follow! Hope you're entertained by what you read here!
campaign contributions
Limbaugh sys 'feminism' created 4 'unattractive' women to hve easier access to mainstream society. Proud 2B 'unattractive'!!
Thanks. Yeah, it is the actual one used in filming. Or at least one of them. Prop department labeled the box.
GOODMORNING aww...I woke up to my #300 follower thanks :)
ACRL President: "Our library future is a little like a dime bag"
You don't want to hear my beef trust me :) : WHAT YO BEEF IS? 850.863.9210”
Outrageously processed food probably demands outrageously processed wine. Barefoot or Yellow Tail seem right. Or Listerine.
if u didn't know about the NBA CATS look under who I follow or search for it! Pretty sweet! :)
On my way to the conference!
my b-day, my wife's and two kids are all within the two weeks after x-mas.. nice to start the new year off broke
Who here has walked away from a blog? What made you do it? Did you go back? Why?
Now I'm going to have to check the mirror next time I put one on.
it's a MAD MAD MAD MAD WORLD, NO?! I can see it now: Gingrich v. Obama. This is more fun to watch than FOOTBALL!
“: Where the HELL was Kevin Costner?” VACATIONING IN WATERWORLD
if you don't ask you don't get ;-)
Gorgeous day!! <U+2600>
#LTBroadcasts "From Mexico City comes word that Sandino in Nicaragua is not in league with the Communists" (4/29/31)
How do you write *yes* in British to preserve the accent? :-)
Listening to podcast on the secret service scandal. "I think he should be fired for stupidity." - Good job!
That sucks, I bet it would have been decent. I used to love tailspin and darkwing duck!
it's ok bro!! Best regards for you! Your next
I love you. Hahaha okay lot's on my mind, replying.. Mwah.
Junior year for me= nothing to look forward to
“: having fun with this team yet ? They playing their heart outs now” most def
champagne wishes and caviar dreams
Ever heard of it? Does anyone think of Andy Bernard every time a presenter mentions Cornell?
jenna goes overtime but performs super well. Penalized due to low scores. Nick Googins rounds out the show.
how's p90x bro
sitting in my bed for the remainder of the day with gatorade and movies.
Sorry you had such a bad night. Sending you positive thoughts and e-hugs.
hey gorl c:
trying to make sense of, add value to, George Will/Andy Revkin brouhaha, w/o getting into multi-person mudpit. Can do?
Hope You Get It..
Ad/Mo?
omg, stop. or text me back. but doing just one is just #rude. ;)
lets get on that egyptian HOOKAH
Yeah, I think people are ignoring me....
ive been in the cut. We need to link up soon if ur free
So no #supermoon for the metro area tonight with those clouds?
he's german and czech guys ! :o
omg today os my birthday.Lolol dont really seem excited D:
LOL! This is so true! Why do I want QR codes to work so much???
One million dollars how? Sleep your way to the top
I will, promise!!
sounds exactly like my day. Except swap chinese for moe's
Buying one set of each item in the song, "The 12 Days of #Christmas" would cost $24,263, an increase of 3.5% over last year. - #USA Today
I'm dying
Here & there. RT lmao you be fucking wit xbox?
#bronchitis on a beautiful summer day off from work! I could scream -- wait..I don't have a voice!
"oh you know just going for a stroll along the streets of seattle. I just wanted some fresh air" ;)
Do you think he play at a MVP level?
Until that time I'm going to keep being me. I hope you figure out who you want to be.
hope it's a good thing...
Determined to pass my algebra test today
Are you ready for May Day?
when is your audition?
i just smuggled some cookies ;)
Epic fail new word of the day!!!!!
At first I was a QUALITATIVE woman but now I am all QUANTITATIVE! It's all about the numbers! This world's system LOVES those numbers!
just made an egg, spinach and goat cheese bagel sandwich for breakfast. Saturday mornings are fabulous! What about you?
Thinking about having a get together for my birthday. I don't know who I would invite though. Lol.
Getting ready for Knowledge12 in New Orleans. Great room, full house.
When I went to Brooklyn in 1948 Jackie Robinson was at the height of his brilliant career. - Ernie Harwell
I think one of my brothers played as Yoshi before
“Happiness does not depend on outward things, but on the way we see them.” ~ Leo Tolstoy
Thinking of excuses to leave the office so we can enjoy this weather! Just used up "need coffee." Thanks
Going out for dinner tonight .. limiting my meals out to stay healthy. Grilled pork chops tomorrow and chicken chaat on Thursday at home
I balanced the dude-ness by gettin my hair did for 4hrs instead.Gender stereo-types
I'm getting all excited for every text, now that I'm texting the guy I like.
Good morning and best wishes for a happy day to all!
Rumor has it I'm the one you're leaving her for...
no problem
lol do i get a alert when u reply to the inbox ? ahh this shit confusing lml
The way to make twitter less tempting is to make it my job. That's what I did with literature.
anyone going to see tonight? Pre-game with those $1 #bartab drinks for a great night and good music!
YOUR FACE! DUMBASS!! I dont give up
That's genius.
COWBOY BEBOP IS ON NOW
Went back to coffee drinking. Tea just doesn't do that mental clarity thing.
when did your heart go missing.
Alright enough Bucks info for the day. Headed to the Death Cab Concert. Codes and Keys does kind of remind me road trip to AZ
Someone tell that the same people that follow him also follow Melo. We don't need him to retweet that on our TL
Not sure offhand - you might check with the library
Depressing to see the certain pic that certain group took & really shouldn't have. Dignity might've been the only thing left that mattered.
SUPER handy list. Thanks! ;)
Woot! Go Mariners! Victory to start off the season 3-1 over Oakland
Another Ask The Organizer panel with Monica Ricci, Sharon Lowenheim, Ramona Creel to name a few.
Thank you for hosting our Toros end of the season party/championship celebration last night!! We had a blast!
I would call Ravel more of a nerd (in its positive sense) along with other crafstpeople like Bach and Brahms.
Let me get back to this work... twitter is doing nothing but fueling my fire right now.
Live tweeting today from the Annenberg Networks Seminar - great lineup of leading networks research - follow #annconf -
what an infographic that was! How did US Aid read your mind?
Thanks, Ana Maria! Nice to meet you, too!
HOLY SHIT I just realized that Hannah's mom on is the mom from Freaks and Geeks! Nice one, !!
Always. You need some?
Love it, thanks! Sounds wonderful.
Does anyone have access to BCS championship tickets?
I'm there
fuck of spammer! :)
gotta take care of that body ;))
Follow me and ill follow back\
Teenage girls are too caught up in being with a guy who's the best for everyone else; but never the best for themselves.
My pet peeve is fans who can't spell peeve right in a tweet!
Wtf is a juice i want some grape drink
Ransom likes to make sure everyone knows they're his bitch.....including the vacuum.
haha im not I just dont like being left questioning lol aw why sadly mr?
We are spending the weekend at our property in the country, just being here is good for my soul. Love it!
Wakin up had to #ThankGOD first
My phone is fucking up so bad wow
you suck go die in a hole!!!!!! My ass is smaller than yours Chico!!!! :P
what time u workin
Easy easy easy easy math test!! #amazing #RANGERS and lastly #monsterenergydrank ! Great day I am having!! Oh btw hey tell is so cool!
That creepy :((ah it's a creeper!!!
I might be watching the Bodyguard on Lifetime right now. I might be really into it.
Why don't I have friends.
Those pacers almost killed me lol
Everyone have a great Derby weekend! What horse are you putting your money on?
Love it... Bait car on trutv is in New Orleans!!
Pretty good. Had a beerventure in Vietnam and Cambodia the last couple of weeks. Will have the blog up soon. And you?
When someone blames you for something you didn't do <<<<
too way off
EYB is with me. They're from Texas \m/
I miss Saskatchewan.
What happened to that old school love?
morning gorgeous !~
what do you do to me?
I like can't wait for summer . (: <U+2665>
boahz are gonna be a biker gang now lol
thanks, don't forget to bring a towel
Time for some COD #MW3 in the Mancave!
thank god for bon iver at the grammy's -- not a new artist by any means, but best speech of the night.
: keep supporting us .
good luck pgcounty teams ..wise girls ..largo.. er boys..in states today!
For the past few days I have been watching #DisneyChannel. I am so disappointed in them. The things they allow on this channel now..
Great information presented today from the Google Engage program
What 8-letter word has one letter in it?Envelope.
I Am Extremely Cold Af
We can't wait! Fun summer ahead! Xx
Beautiful day for a wedding. I think I'll go officiate one.
Vacation? I need a vacation!
DC/VA what it is we in the building #BBMG how
Write a 4 page essay? Sure! Talk about my feelings? Not so sure.
Thanks! I may end up staying at the Jupiter Hotel.
I would definitely follow you if you made a JB fan twitter. (:
CBS could have done a #one_shining_moment and had everyone in tears but instead opted for more talking! Come on Nantz!
Can we live without computers now?
#chartership Any suggestions/tips on how best to work with mentor long-distance?
Oh, sounds like a blast! I'm doing well :) been producing events & directing shoots lately...fun, for the most part. Haha.
We all thought for sure he was gonna ask her out. Lol they'd be so cute.
I'm fucking cold.
#liesthatalwaysworked after sex tell her......I gotta go, I have a dentist appt tonite
WOW. Austin mahones new song<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
"The chief evil is unlimited government, and nobody is qualified to wield unlimited power." F. A. Hayek
haha THIS GUY
summer needs to hurry so done with school ad the people that go here.
Yo, were playing at 6:25 on the piggly wiggly stage. See everybody there<3
Nothing like a double bottle of wine
Still tripping on your tool. Good job, bro. I'm thinking about showing it to some of my clients.
I love to watch Kyle Massey dance! He's terrific.
it seems crazy, but they make it look so real!
When the sun makes love to the mood that's when u will see me lol
if you do end up eating it, send me a picture. That would be weird/awesome.
Love bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things. ~ 1 Corinthians 13:7
I strongly dislike applications that do not close when you click the X. Respect the X.
@ airport, home around midnight so please allow a day or two before I get back online, thank you & love all of you!
Pickle Juice (;
Let me know if you want to sneak into our class tomorrow w/Adriana Maresma - Int/Adv Level - 4-6:30 at the New Day
one MD librarian bought two copies of 's book from us.
RT For A Shoutout [Doing EVERYONE]<U+2665>
<U+200E>"Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere." -Martin Luther King, Jr.
100 Days of ‘Hunger Games’: Book Club Chapter 3 (VIDEO) Welcome back to our 100 Days of Hunger Games celebration! Our book club is ba
Where did March go?
I'm sad but not defeated. There's much more work to be done.
What a fantastic day on Lk. WA with the boyfriend.
What up ? Last time I met with you I was with Wood at the sunset marquis hotel 4 lunch. How can I get randy this project?
You're very welcome!
listening to 1960's songs.nyahaha.
Boys lust after little attention seeking girls who are easy. Men fall in love with women who are classy and respectable.
hahah I read it & immediately thought of me raiding your cupboards for cereal lmao I miss you<3
old movie and home cookin with miss
actually I lied , only people we like can come . not anyone .
(Great back catalog)
Thanks to www.cmsquickstart.com for the generous theme donation to coding for a cause
Come chill with Alex TODAY from 12-2pm at Blanco Vista’s re-grand opening! 505 Old Settlers Dr., San Marcos, TX 78666
cool. Thanks!
'Bout to get swayze y'all!!
bwaaa asking permission for short hair!?!? it should be unheard of!
Thrifty charged $9/gal "courtesy charge" for refilling half tank I used. Go f yourself thrifty.
Watching dont be afraid of the dark....uh oh
Yes! @ clones. And I'm uber excited. I just didn't realize there'd be work prior. I'm a little overwhelmed w/ stuff right now.
I hate love.
who wants to throw up the five bucks!?
i just want a mcdonald's hashbrown like right meow...
He tryd to say i didnt junp on your back i jumped on ur hump.
Be tough.
have SO much fun love!
She's so tall Hahaha. Tell her, ok?
“If you don’t start somewhere, you’re gonna go nowhere.”—Bob Marley
Yo! Your not old...Your experienced.....run with it
RT if you think #nooneshouldgohungry in Portland, Oregon!
#ala11 lots of chocolate happening at alexanderstreet now in booth
Shhhhhhhhh .... I smell something
I want seamless services... not bounded boxes. Let me stream my to the
When people hurt u over and over again think of 'em like a sandpaper u may be scratched, but u end up polished and they end up useless
Likewise! and I look forward to speaking to you.
I still considered you one of the most underrated rapper of all time ! Not a lot of people know of you and I find that crazy !
Grand slam for Maysonet!!
would like to discuss how we can help teachers in your country with Symbaloo? Can we mail or skype?
this is the best news I've heard all week!
Yes! I will be able to watch it from the beginning without dreading an unsatisfying and abrupt ending!
I don't know, I ask myself that question all of the time. *Sighs, Pulling you into a hug*
EnergyWise water source/geo heat pump at Langley AFB initial data reports greater than 50% savings over existing geo units on base! WOW!
lol.... go eat your lunch Mrs.Myles.
Bad joke of the day: Charlie Sheen just saw a cool picture online and was overheard saying, "PINNING."
I hope the driver wasn't hurt seriously.
A low life!
Today was such a lazy day for me!
Fierce Friday
I laughed my ass off, which probably freaked her out more
>MLM Update! SoZo( New Company Listing )
Ill pass on this national weed day crap
#myfirstyearatfamu I slipped walking down the grass in front of Mcguinn &and slid all the way into the middle of the set on my azz.
Who's ready for our headlining show this Friday!?
Starting this gorgeous Friday out in the right frame of mind: listening to Kenny Chesney 'No shoes, No shirt, No problem'
that sounds so natural, already...
of course Im being sarcastic.
. We're excited you're following us. Thanks for your support. Enjoy Quemajee!
I love Fridays. Absolut/Sprite and Mass Effect are a GOOD MATCH.
I'm on the edge right now.
Colored pants >>
Why my belly button feels like it's being stabbed is beyond my knowledge.
STILL love your music after 2 years <3 keep up the amazing music!(:
No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent. ~ Abraham Lincoln
Never stand begging for that which you have the power to earn. - Miguel de Cervantes
Debbie is there anyone near U who can get CLOVE OIL @ Natural food store - relieves dental pain.
Its 3am and I have nobody to awkwardly dance with. Lame.
This work thing is hard today. Massive game for Chelsea! 1:45pm can't come soon enough! Come on Chelsea!
Idk what all this new age shit mean It's like messing up my style of how i operate
I miss Sing it Loud and My Favorite Highway.
Lolol me too
Happy Birthday :) xx
RT ": It takes hard work to win the love of Virgo, but once won, the love glows so hot it seldom cools."
Finally some one on Fox got the VP Right with hoping Repub. got gun point at'em&200lb Rape one
ahahahaha love that song. but she definitely does get overplayed
I hate fake blondes with dark ass eyebrows
Oh please. “: Birthday on Sunday = getting my old man swag on! 7 more years until I hit 30. ..and that's when I #jumpoffacliff”
a friend of mine is having a birthday shindig later, but thats all i have planned
Super hot ! Rediculous
This week we had someone #guessjacksscore exactly right!
We are currently accepting clients for Layouts, Photography, Logos, and Animated Promotional Banners. Message us via Myspace for prices!
thanks for the reassurence as it boosts my faith to ME. I haven't received a victory nor commendation pack so just making sure..
At 4pm today College Library is offering a Google for Academic Research workshop in Room 1193D.
Last thing i want iz a boyfriend but it wouldn't hurt to have someone comfort me every now and then.
Who needs an oil change? I have open spots today, bring it
Hey Lauren does jacob have twitter?
so cool....graphic shapes in the entire space....thanks for sharing
LOL, tell me about it(;
hey Michael. Watching your Half Hour. Funny stuff!
Its dat day
Looking for a fun workout? Come to Zumba lessons TODAY at 8:00 p.m. in the Wrestling Gym
New Mixtape "Welcome To Mob City" Coming Soon!!
while do you run it? Fee? How long? Etc
the only thing that would make that photo better would be an ice cold daquiri in your left hand
Traffic Tweet broughtbto you by #TacoBell: Westbound Bee Cave at Barton Springs there's an accident involving a bicyclist
Dont listen to what they say. Go see!
tryna go to the beach saturday
Thanks for the RT! I hope you have a good turnout tonight. Sounds like a cool exhibit.
Come back and volunteer (or at least visit)!
u adore me. lol. dnt fake.
because there are 58,000 secretly hidden in it.
Imagine if LBJ had said he supported desegregation but felt it should be left to the states.
or it could be they can't dynamically add to their own website b/c it wasn't in the original specs...
Am I the only person freaked out by logging in to Spotify with my actual FB credentials?
Grégoire in Berkeley
I keep my Kswiss kleen but not my apt.
Way to completely stun the #Grammys Joy and JP!!
You are so right!
Corbin can nod yes now. :)
We need a reunion, post haste
#brewers putting on defensive clinic...
I use to nap to get energy now I got to sleep for that! :/
nah man you gotta let it fly
I'm losing followers<U+E40B> What did I do wrong?? <U+E408>
Jump him, Zoe. He has the Southern garb of hotness: white wife beater.
#healthtip: A good way to enjoy the food u eat and 2 avoid overeating is 2 be conscious of your food & how u feel as you are doing it.
y u so SESSY??
doing good working on my 5th play. How is your show?
I want cookies. Warm, out of the oven cookies.
The coffin can wait a couple of days RT : I'm glad I was wrong about the funeral.
That awkward moment when someones singing I'm Sexy and I Know It and they have -4% sexiness.
This is a global transformation, a spiritual event if one chooses to see the big picture.Movements are forces behind this event.
Warner sits St. X down in order in the T2 and the Rocks maintain its 3-0 lead after 1.5 innings. Lasley back on mound for Tigers.
Watching American Idol (don't judge me). Aerosmith will forever be the best concert I've ever attended.
I have on sweat shirt, long pants & under the covers, I'm still cold.
Hey bernie want some ice cream. Sure Bert hahaha
Never thought Purcellville traffic would suck such a giant schlong!!
is just around the corner. Plan now to come visit us in booth
Thanks for being my 300th follower !
you definitely have 4 followers. Not 0. Oh smarty pants XP
It would be a terrible plot twist to randomly kill my main character, but he is so annoying that it is tempting.
Justin Theroux is number 4 on the Sexiest Man Alive list? Really?? Really???
naturally, bro!
Met with distributors this week. Will decide who to go with next. Schelpping kegs is a sport for the young!
#NoManShouldEver say never
Why stress about the SHIT I don't care about , the shit is pointless
good thanks :]
The I'm Not Really Hungry I Just Ate an Hour Ago Games
Give the ball to Kobe and let him shoot these free throws.
Lmbo! no..that's new though...I got many names. lol what made you ask that? lol
ha well duh.
It Feels So Good To Be Back in School
Outbreak is on TNT right now.
#Packers have taken QB B.J. Coleman of Tennessee-Chattanooga with final second-round pick.
Hodgson cancels 4day training camp in Spain opting for 2days in Manchester. Presumably so SAF can show him how to use Rooney/Wellbeck/Young
Rooting for in #PGA today; Red Sox tonight.
How are you doing girl?
I wish the boys were my bestfriends They seem AWESOME :) I would love to just hangout with them and talk and be weird
I have two companies for the 3. EVERY WEEK company#1 is Why don't you have out phone? #2 is We can do your cable/net! Agh!
I can't get to the Dome 1-4+5 page, stuck in a redirect loop.
Anthony Davis has a unibrow. We all get it.
when will that day be when will follow me or RT me? but #neversaynever :)
Fuck Me Like You Hate Me
were all on #peytonwatch2012 im on get the panthers someone who can tackle watch
classes started, otherwise I probably could have some how seen You! How does one get a cool host job for the Travel Channel? :)
Wait. What's all this talk about iCarly ending soon? Who said this?
Live in #milwaukee and looking for something to do Father's Day weekend? How about a BEER FESTIVAL ?!?!
Excellent! Thanks for the rec!
maybe its the cheeba chews but she just doesn't seem to sing gnr too well
Watching tv with lori
On air today be playing and my favorite et al
Just how in the world did Oregon win its first two Pac-10 road games this year? Getting drilled in Berkeley tonight, down 27 at the half.
Thanks! RT : EVERYBODY go to this Fri-Sun! Thanks & for the shout outs!
NWST: , #SuperCross champ , vs #Indians, wait tables for a cause 930
Can my dad seriously go to publix already so I can make my breakfast...hungry
In this week’s top inbound marketing article, Social Media Explorer discusses the need for more humanization when it comes to online market…
SO to in the studio making
Good morning Portland, I'm headed to get my (legal) morning drugs
you're amazing! Thanks :)
Great to see you - have a very merry christmas! Look forward to talking in the new year!
yep it's on my YouTube!
Childrens museum with leiah and my mother
Good idea, C.
Bill Romanowski looks like he should sound like Darth Vader, but he sounds more like Peter Brady.
I have a full keyboard on my phone dumb ass I didn't mean to.
I have such a big ass headache <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
tomorrow I'm afraid...
Impulse buy at Borders close-out sale-Springsteen's Ballad of Tom Joad for 4 bucks! Amazing, moving album. Highly recommend.
I will neither confirm or deny. ;-)
When eating try to take 20 minutes to finish. It takes 20 min. to signal your brain that you are full, & is better for your digestion too.
I'm falling in love with D-trix. Guess who's walking to LA?
They ARE really strange.
Contact us by email:
I'm good, just real busy w/ life, family, work etc. Sorry 'bout you mech. parts. Been off of mine before - it can be a bitch!
And now for the winning Escape names: PRT Thx for the suggestions. Ezra, Extravaganza, Everywhere, Estelle, & Egads came out on top.
Fifth element!
I don't understand how some ppl are tellinn other ppl's moms Happy Mother's Day but not their own... confusion!!
Dont eat that whole pizza. Girl thats dinner....
sluts you know what I mean! -_-
Hot news! Our newest app is out! RememberMe! Helps you keep in touch with your friends. Check it out here for a special price!...
Mr. Romney's uncomfortable chuckles tend to make me, well, uncomfortable. Heh, heh, heh. . .
Amazing speakers, fascinating topics. A great way to spend a Friday! Thanks,
might be jealous, but I'm sure he's happier since I haven't gone psycho on him due to the clouds
Not bumps with washed up guys like Hovchevar & Sanchez. Greinke - Gonzalez - Chen- Montgomery - Ordorizzi. This was very do-able.
This game will be decided by Penalty Kicks! Come on Bulls!
You might be a redneck if: You think a quarter horse is a ride out in front of the Wal-Mart.
Jim, good luck on BigBizShow interview today! You'll do awesome! Feel fortunate to have helped in a small way..
The #iPhone UI makes it very easy to hold a three-way call. Nice job,
Basically there would be no need for the green side.
BREAKING- 's father wishes he would've pulled out. #recallwalker @
Don't ever talk about Melo again!
There's nothing like that sheepish look on a lady's face as they exit the work bathroom after taking a big ole dump.
Leaving Justin for anyone is a down grade. Sorry..but it is.. You can't get any better then Justin Drew Bieber.
oh that mean camera! - not only it adds 10 pounds it also takes away 50% energy! : ) by
I am so looking forward to that.
I don't like this one bit. Third big time Christina is being put outside herself for others. But I get it. Identify with her.
When the heck are gonna do another podcast?!?!? We the people DEMAND it!! Gotta have my SportsBros fix!!
I wouldn't mind getting tewbowned...
Just skype called without sound. has a successful career as a mime before her, should she choose that pale-faced path.
Why Feds why???
#Brewers have A-Rod now? :)
Never let society turn you into something you're not. Remain true to yourself...
does help that their's garlic in my spaghetti because i'm maxing this bowl..
&#9786; Check OUT Wireless Inspection Camera Protect your Children RonPaul
lol I can be bad but im perfectly good at it!
didn't know that you can get A&E in a Minnie Van
Well as of right this second there is an exact TIE! Let's see what the next few hours look like....
*nods, says quietly* of course. we'll find a place after. lets see what has to say.
my daughter has made some out of strips of paper to some effect. Tho I bet yours would fetch more in eBay.
Valuation for impending Facebook IPO, analyzing Google, and finishing up a case on eBay. My life feels like a NASDAQ trading floor
Fisherman know absolutely nothing about cough drops.
Celebratory march being organized. Liberty Plaza belongs to the people.
How can you tell when a guy with a lisp means business? When he says bithneth.
that a good friend!
now I can tweet all day long too
Thanks for the RT Jackie :)
everyone else got weaker
Well that sucks..
Great! I didn't make it to Lafayette yet either. Maybe Sat or Sun.
thank you! we're glad you enjoyed it! :)
I think a sales person just came into my office and said "I'll see you on Monday." Does that mean she's going home? Must be nice...
Looking good!
i know ): he left like right after the show.
Not sure how they do it, but & make Excel strangely exciting & awesome
To all of you dreaming of a white Christmas, remember this: Bing Crosby allegedly beat his children.
Sounds great ! is one of our founders, great for you two to meet & speak & some #SocialGood!
Des Plaines Holiday Lighting Ceremony Revisited - TribLocal TribLocal Des Plaines Holiday Lighting Ceremony Revisited TribLocal By Karen
...can suffer w/ me.
Earl Scruggs, rest peacefully playing Country Music with the Angel Band. Thanks for using your talent down here.
The Velvet Lounge is open! Tweet yourself to a cocktail!
Thank You for the RT. Peace and Blessings to you. ~j~
Today is my two year EMAC-iversary.
I LOVE YOU
Learning about tweetcast. Does anyone leave or post anything besides links to other pages?
#England HE'S THE BAD BOY OF THE #CIVILWAR, JOE HOOKER. New novel , GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL CathyLLogan $2.99 Kindle/Amazon
I like where this is going.
He's just a little smartass! He always messes with me like that. Please don't be upset <3
So for those who saw our roommate video and said "I wish my apt was as fun yours!" well, we only film the good. Hence why #4 isn't on camera
Looking forward to more Fiesta stuff tonight.
Hi! Can you follow & DM me? I'd like to hear about the response you've been getting on Twitter after the 'Titanic' comment
The best part of Monday night phone banking with Restore Equality 2010: the espresso machine!
#fusemonster i just helped donate 10Cents to the Robin Hood fund...if my mmry serves me correctly :b
On this day in 1862, A.S. Johnston's Confederates set out to attack Grant's Union forces in what would be the Battle of Shiloh 3 days later.
The smell of bread is making me so hungry
A bit behind on the reply, but much thanks for the K+
any word on ted ginn coming to bmore?
lmao what happened ? :o
Hey so what did you think of the show? Did you like it? !*)
Im Bout to Spark The leaf and escape into the #music #Roll Trees!
Very clever using to block you to walk out since he's so tall.
LOL.... kind of true but kind of scary!
Me: Hi! - Niall: Who are u? - Me: I brought food.. Niall: STAY THEN! - Harry: But u don't know her! - Me: I brought my mom too Harry: STAY!
it's MTV!
Final chance for free tickets: upload a video of your best magic trick (and let's keep it family friendly). We'll vote for a winner!
Life is AWESOME when your building your dream AND helping people!
I'm glad you feel much better now dear:).
heck yeah!
And here I thought I was about to enter the promised land.
it's #clamsonthehalfshellday !!! remember this food tip: all shellfish should be alive when eaten! If they’re closed- don't eat!!!
i think i over did it on the sugar/creamer...it's water the rest of the way for me.
I will! You too!
I think we just have to start wearing a sign saying "don't shoot me bro"
Adding to the feeling that the Kings will move is the fact Arco Arena looks like a foreclosed house right now. Don't do it MALOOFS!
Download a bunch of sponsored apps haha,
It is a simple concept: if your muscles aren't failing, it is endurance.
My little sister Katharine just got engaged to Jonathan at the Taj Mahal. I love you both. Many Blessings.
ONE-LINER: I don't suffer from insanity, I enjoy every minute of it.
happy mothers day to you too!
Good Morning! Brrrr.... Baby it's COLD outside!!! It's a great day to get a lot of work done inside. Catchup on computer work and reading!
Just watched & on CN-2. That guy is going to be a superstar.
Lemmen's sister was a bachelorette - unusual in 1800s & conveys a determined spirit, captured in this painting
We've been doing good thanks to Chicago artists, Corporate Companies (across US), and our friends & family for backing us up with support.
central they got this snaker spot/ clothing store
Weather looks good for our FREE show Tues @ Center Plaza beginning @ 5:30. Theme is 'Scaling the Mountain'. Did we mention FREE BEER?
Prepping for Fall events and recruiting - and spending extra $
KELIS! Miss u love its Alon im on the west coast now we must reconnect! Stay Light muah!!!
by the way did Crystal think when you told here?
You know those times where you cry about someone you love and miss?
Awesome Lunch Today! Almost Happy Hour Time and Still time to get Our Awesome Tuesdays Tacos, Nacho and Chatitos!! Karaoke After!!
i wuuvvsss u too boo boo :).. ah mi corazon!!!
Are we going to see another 4 TDs in the second half of the 4th quarter like the saints-niners game?
love the pic!!!
2 of our books are photos + personal narratives from women and kids in prison. Great to see others using the medium this way!
Playing tonight at Cactus Club in Milwaukee! Come on out! We'll have CDs for sale.
Once a guy cheats on you please don't go back.
easily my favorite scene from Portlandia!
I'm not wearing a suit to #el12ala or
do you see olivias mom camel toe? cause I do
really? I did what I thought everyone is doing: have one weird chapter near the end that addresses my digital project.
Providing quality diagnostic services that are attainable & affordable
Everyone needs a hobby.
Agreed. If they were their own little submarines or even included rockets it would make sense.
I thought it looked good, and if you miss it, I say bring it back. But ultimately, do what is going to make you happiest!
RT - Waiting for Patriots' first kickoff - Go New England Patriots! - Smash the season!
Tonight on , Dickens' "The Mystery of Edwin Drood", starring Matthew Rhys and Julia MacKenzie. At 8pm on MPTV 10.
Monkees marathon & The Godfather Saga are giving my remote control a workout tonight ( and this morning).
Nd Im Like :O
didn't those google AR glasses give you flashback? ;)
Congratulations to our April 2012 contest winner, Lalistade Aura! Please send an email with your mailing address
Pacers have no chance of beating the heat.. If they do I'll be surprised
selling 2 #Blink182 tickets for Aug 23rd at the Marcus Ampitheater in #Milwaukee - Section 3 row T $178 for both - send me a message.
youre the attendance taker at church
Live: Blackburn vs
ahaha RT After that Torrey Smith touchdown, Tom Brady had a more disgusted look on his face than the time he broke a nail.
Think you're next up? Submit your music video and short bio to
Happy 64th Birthday to Israel.!!
9 am run >
The Notebook is on tv :) gotta love Ryan Gosling <3
gotta keep my baby safe!
Hey, thnx for the response! I'm in Chrome. Have reinstalled a couple times. Always tells me can't tell if I have...
I hope that gets lehigh a recruit or two. Or maybe at least a visit.
I really like that you have your magazine on the iPad. As a print subscriber, I now read it on the iPad.
GREAT NEWS!!! Our Official Bright City Lights t-shirts come in this week! We will start pre-orders soon!
no lie dandies are great
Night love ya<333
Thank You! We appreciate the change.
Dan Matisa's dare is: "Present mediocre is better than future exceptional." #dareproject 19 is 1/25!
How am I not at this conference? “: #aam2012 So excited to have over 4,000 attendees"
Lunch with TED is today at noon! Come rediscover the world with us
how excited r u to watch ABDC tonight?? I know we r all about to explode!!!!
Yeah, ok... Sounds great! :)
What is your RESPONSE to the dealings of God? R u angry and bitter, filled with resentment and rage? Or r u thankful and broken?
I get to sit on stage! Lets hope i don't trip an actor...
What when would be he best time for a giveaway?
usually run around without them?
Have a Wicked Day!
Too Busy For Exercise?
ohh well I think the both have up's & down's they are a cute tv couple to me
Shame on you if your lace front looks like a hat
Getting butt-dialed by your ex is always weird!
Not even funny.... RT: It's the end of the world as we know it.... Louis Vuitton Condoms is trending on Twitter.
Mother free rooftop Mother's Day Brunch! "grits and mimosas, welcome to America.." -
well i got to get some rest i have a hundred things to do tomorrow
To cure the world RT : What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
Design run? Design run
I am requesting that song for the Big Icons Show, hope you can oblige. Love
if you wanna check out a really cool Augmented Reality app for iPhone look up "Dimensions" on the App Store.
At least we had a small convo .
It sure does!
I have 3 F's. One in my 7th period. I didn't even want a stupid 7th period. Roar!
Correction: My phone had turned itself off and wouldn't restart. Thank heavens for Google.
Sushi & champagne :) ..hair & makeup
Love! RT : Be willing to be misunderstood for long periods of time. Persevere, and you will win
Wolves game tonight.
Tupac at coachella. I'm amazed just from watching the videos. The crowd literally saw a ghost
#WeWereCoolUntil I felt like you were bringing me down in life....
geez, calm down.. dan. :P
That moment when you wake up at 4am and wonder....What the fu*k happened to my pillow?
Real Housewive Alex McCord will be at the opening of the new store Second Time Around(823 W. Armitage) on Aug. 26th from 6 - 8 p.m.
Young Black & Gucci
I love seeing all of the amazing quotes popping up on my Twitter feed from #WPSP! Anyone know if the talks will be available online later?
#oomf is juicy
you know you want to RT me!
respect Papa Chop
May your love soar on the wings of a dove in flight. Debbie Crabtree
Yay Emma!!! RT : Congratulations Emma!! #teampablove at the finish line!
How big should a "Will perform cunniligus for tips" sign be for maximum ROI?
why is that
I had kidney stones, but cured them with watermelons :)
Is ready for the UK game... Time to break out if this slump and streak to the tourney.
the Light of God surrounds you
12 if he's lucky
My favorite words tonight? Save by Fleury.
So pumped I don't have to go into work tomorrow.
Blake Lively is gorgeous
Whee! It's Dave week! Already?
good win Memphis , played good
I really want to go shopping /:
RE:UrQ: Do you interview them or is it videos they have produced that you feature? <Depends on msg/purpose=>Varies
i dont want to go to school!!
"The Strangers" by St. Vincent is textbook passive-aggressive. "Playboys under your mattress, like I wouldn't notice..."
IF I FOLLOWED U ITS BECAUSE U FOLLOWED ME..BE BLESSED IN ALL U DO TODAY FOLKS..THIS SUMMER IS GONNA BE SICK AND 2013 COMEDY WILL BE ON FIRE!
Saddened by death of U football player who was one of my students this semester: Gary Tinsley. He was a hard worker.
you use twice as many calories brandishing celery than you get from eating it.
dude...That. Is. DEEP! Had no idea 2 Broke Girls was... so deep. Son. It is settled: # B28Write it is.
good thing I can run fast! Thanks Rev!
Bored bored bored bored. Need someone or something to entertain me
You already failed. TT wouldn't solicit advice for the pick. :) Or whomever has the best pad level.
thanks fellas. Rough weekend. Ready to go today!
Have you ever had a problem with mold that has actually been so horrific that it has caused you to have to actually move out of your home?
At little branch in NYC kicking off three weeks of gettin busy in NY and italy!
If U want it that bad and you have the cash to burn More Power To You!
no my love !! I don't want you to be unhappy !!!! Did anything happen??? I'm worried about u!!
yeah, I can't sneak out then + have eye Dr appointment later.
RT We did quietly advertise tonight's pop up as all nude kegger...which may or may not be true.it's up to you guys..
Stupid fucking stoplights in Minneapolis!
There are dirty underwear on the curb outside my place. That is all.
right? Like PLEASE. You messed with the wrong neighborhood, nigguh.
hahah you a professional? this dude was screaming like his life was on the line I took to my blk roots and went to sleep ha
Born there but not raised. I grew up near Green Bay. Most of my family is in Milwauke though.
Bring it !
sweet pecs. ;)
Ice on my windshield!!
Anybody else going to the #kstate #arkansas #cottonbowl know which side of #cowboystadium is the #KSU supporter's side?
"I will study and get ready and perhaps my chance will come." - Abraham Lincoln
aint like the youth going to see the avengers tonight.?
Stomach fail
I dont care bout y'all to even say anything to you
Nothing in all the world is more dangerous than sincere ignorance and contentious stupidity - MLK
lol glad you love me then :)
In the future, I will have to follow olfactory design guidelines...
if you wear those geeky glass and think u cool kill yo self
Yes sir!
hahaha no problem!
Thanks for the follow, Jason!
Four day weekend! FOUR DAY WEEKEND!
Time to change your name to Treebeard.
Headed to the Senior Casino night with my better half and a number of outstanding soon to graduate Seniors.
Happy Birthday
Almost, digital states #BiggerThanBasketball. Big day for Sacramento & #HereWeSayYes to new #ESC Enjoy your coffee this morning!
Thanks for the Follow--We'll definitely stop by when we are in the neighborhood!
What do you mean? Its not that I don't wanna, its that I have plans after school. I can only hang out on the weekends now
Remember that your play 2nite against the ! Head out & support #NM #Hockey!
Got that classic vibe goin on.
J.D. Power and Associates Reports: Satisfaction with Bank Facilities and Routine Interactions Offset Decreasing ...
Las Vegas is like one big Ed Hardy Tshirt come to life.
Sat Salad:Mixed Baby Greens in Lemon Basil Vinaigrette w/ Steamed Goat Cheese Dumplings, Toasted Pistachios & Drizzles of Apricot Coulis
oh my gosh, you're absolutely gorgeous! that includes Romo as well. ;D
this too. RT : Sometimes I hate how I have a knack for repeating a song until it wears out.
just heard a lecture on grassroots community organizing/fundraising in archives that has completely shifted my perspective on the profession
thanks , for tweets and retweets; great new tours coming in September!
Gah, going to be about 1/2 hour late to the training this afternoon! Usually I'm good abt avoiding double-booking...
i meant to say your kid
I sent you a message over on your facebook an an email. Tell me what you think. Thank
Look on the Facebook page for links!!
Easiest way is to go to BabelFish which will translate text into Chinese (and most any language)!
right now I'm at cape may. I was in somerset yesterday.
Wow...must admit, the sunrise here is gorgeous....
Fantastic talk about improving backend user experience in #joomla from Randy Carey
early morning run
get rid of them. If they see full shelves they think all is well. No point keeping them if the kids don't check them out
I'm looking for somewhere to live next year... So if you know of any good places, or anyone looking for a roommate please let me know!
have a amazing night:) I'm still #Drakester ! Always! Thx to help me and to be sweet! :D
If you’re ugly, and you believe in God, you’re also stupid.
When the dentist asks you your plans for your next vacation and you cant talk
That is not unreasonable at all. Be strong (and fabulous).
Lol. Accident waiting to happen!
Music and paint!
not unless I'm pregnant too! I've had similar sleep patterns lately.
Jermaine Jones knocked it out of the park on American Idol! WOW
have to think the news of seau's passing is just the tip of the iceberg in this story with some of the revelations already coming out...
I'm countin' down my days ((: I CAN'T WAIT TO BOUNCE !
Tony, Pike, and Mitch rappin in photo
I want to wake up and play with me! I'm bored with watching bad tv.
I have no idea derron Williams
just got home from my workout ,now about to get in the shower and put on some clothes. <U+E40A><U+E40A><U+E40A><U+E00E>
are they treating you good?
why did you have to get sick
In the studio wit
Suddenly, running up the score isn't an issue for the #Falcons anymore.
Can't believe this Marlins game right now!
i need to do 9 more math assignments.
Well SHOUT SHOUT haha
Stoked to a putting a wine dinner June 10th, 2012 with great local seafood paired with amazing bio-dynamic wines.
You are missing a taco shell made of Doritos. Exquisite.
Fellas love an independent woman until she quit on us to find another independent woman
I think I was made to live in the south
Dis program is amazing wow I'm gonna sign up
haha, yep, that's me! I did do all of the design & formulas and whatnot. It started out as just a fun little project :)
Reggae night is gonna blow it up 2night. Already crowded!
i have to go to the mall to get my mommy a gift, want me to come with?,
Is it over yet?
#socialmedia problems... too many social media accounts... aaaaaahhhhhhh
is there a ceremonial unleashing? Or does an arborist just come and do the work, unnoticed?
We want you to win a new #ComforPedic mattress and/or pillow for the best night's sleep. Sweet #dreams can be found at www.tweetforsleep.com
When you know whats coming, it doesnt hit you as hard. Thats why I can honestly say im fine :]
RT :Confusing Sade the Nigerian-British singer with Sade (1740-1814) the French writer and libertine is a classic rookie mistake.
Waking up to some pretty fascinating realities.
um duh haaaha
it's going ok. i'm feeling better today, though still not 100%. drew ditched me to go golfing with your hubster.
AKA the one week long pre-game party!
Damn Mick Hucknall Simply Red singing STAY WITH ME with the FACES on R&R HOF show - Rocks
Looking forward to volunteering today
I will be there. Hope to have a chance to touch base.
Without you, I'd lose my mindd. <3
Anfield reminds me of the time I pooped and no one clapped for me.
Its a beautiful day at the track's
RT : What do you have cooking this weekend? Hopefully it's as beautiful as it is today!
THAT'S ALL YOU CAN DO iN LiFE...
#InThisGeneration Kids have no work ethic and think they're going to be famous because of reality tv and youtube.
yeah I need to hunt down the video vault to find the other videos! That must have been 5 years ago!
": Thanks for following...Put a shirt on. LOL! :)" we dnt wear shirts much in miami
name of?
When I played basketball, nothing got me fired up more than when I or a teammate drew a charge. It's a lost art.
Working in the NBC Research Department in 1975 is my dream job.
I have class tonight.
#loex2012 promoting more international teaching/study abroad sounds really good to me.
Embarrassing start for the #Patriots. Can't screw up substitutions in the
#MyNextRelationship will be rich when it comes to affection..No break from loving her in every way.
that's for you punk
Vegas. Where you hold hands and shake babies.
Hoodies,they aint scared of the look,they scared of WHO is wearing it. wackness
Well, when you quote me, mention that she's called Laurel Lance in ARROW, not Dinah.
Off to the Dr for a physical and a good ole 2 finger salute
Have a Wonderful Time. I will be down Memorial Day weekend for a quick overnight trip.
when she gets home I will Gotti
Waiting on my ride to the airport. Great conference. I think it is my last!
Tweet me a number and i'll rate your Icon, Background, Name and Bio<33
10 yrs ago, I was seeing E.T. digitally remastered in theaters. For some rsn 3/22/02's a date that will stick in my memory forever.
#WhatGetsMeMad these new #Nike #NFL uniforms! They look like XFL jerseys!
I fell so good, without you.
Hey leave a message in my Dad's on-line guest book. It's ok u only met 1 time. It would mean the world to me kiddo. Luv 2 Love U
followup when its up!
Packed room in Heritage 1 for ! Can't get in? Check out their private showcases later tonight!
" Sometimes you have to go through Hell to get to Heaven. "
thanks for joining me on twitter
Final everybody can stop pretending to know about college basketball.
Very powerful statement by a caller - "If there was blood at the scene, I'm sure it was orange."
Just watched Joe Strummer's bio...would've been insane to catch those legendary times!
yea I was standing on some rocks, that was at hacklebarney park
for NYE is Irish NY at 6pm with live Irish music. Then rockin NY with live music at 10:30pm. Free party favorites and champaign
follow back! now ! lol >.<
Goodnight to everbody on twitter peace out
best bet is to find a peña and see if they have tickets.
When an owl comes to your house at that's a bad sign to us natives. It means that something bad is coming. ALOT of haters out there.
Im always available for you :)
Caleb, truly appreciate the RT's. Thnx a ton!
So you frequent the nut butter sales?
...that's from Finding Nemo
#SALUTE MY NIGGA REAL TALK!
"In cases of derangement, the patient had better be put into a straight jacket, or he may do great damage to the machine."
Thx for all mentions & retweets! Cheers to healthy vision!
Hey tweeterville follow our new band this is the new project for dynamitewalls. We look forward to sharing the new tunes w/ u
so u seem plastic then. thanks for nice rate.
I'm going 4 Miami for this once cause if they beat the Thunder, the Spurs come within a game behind them :-)
yes babe
Q1a: I think it'll be hard to beat Google+'s UI features. And it seems like some people just want to get away from FB
stuck in a conference- any chance you have any copies of The Knack's RSD release? Thinking of slipping away to grab one.
Bulls Out -__-
smells like someone cooked a lot of bacon &smoked a ton of weed in my room
a girl asked Cameron about it in Orlando and they both said it was and that Zach really liked it!
as long as you don't go with tweedle de and tweedle dumb
Jah Cure featured artist mix tonight on Reggae vault classics
I really like the Arduino and the possibilities. If I only had more time in the day (recently) to explore and
yea I see you... Don't walk by my car i snatch u up Lmfao
likewise! Looking forward to your presentation today! :)
Home safe and sound. Clearly I can hold my own in the ghetto.
that's even worse!
Losing the forest for the trees.
Out to dinner with the in-laws. Just checked the #Blackhawks - #Kings game....is that score for real or did I have one too many cocktails?
Beer makes you feel the way you ought to feel without beer.
who ever under this tweet ugly as shyt lol.
Awesome talent at performed at Gulsen Kan Boutique for the Music for Love Event. cole you have a beautiful voice!
good luck! Let us know if you need moral support! ;-)
Hydro Pro 1000 is thrilled it's becoming socialized! Thanks for the follows.
Knowing that adult swim is doing this toonami throwback thing only for April fools is actually depressing me, like I'm pretty damn sad :(
Watching Godzilla with the fam. My how CG has come a long way... LoL
Absence makes the heart grow freakishly fonder
Do you have a name or can I call you mine?
Something is rattling in the cube next to me? Um. Not a person....live animal?
The skinny on student loans More students are relying on loans to help finance their bachelor's degree, and the amount they're borrowing
deep throating bunnies
omg wee shouldd go together
That right there would be what you get when you play Mat Gamel as a 3B.
shump your gonna have a great nba career best knicks rookie in a minute
Thanks for following me - following you back!
don't nobody want to hang with you.
Tip of the day: if you want pizza but all you can find is pizza rolls then alls you got to do is unroll them.
Morning from Chicago!
same here!
iiight thanks bro
Random Fact Of The Day: would be one cool dude to party with
Research paper?!!! Haven't even started...
Speaking of which, I need to get back on GOW2 soon.
yeah the grand opening was yesterdaay
So another great singer killed the national anthem on tv .. What an American idle.
RT : You know what's awesome? Spreadsheets and graphs!
#mix1 all- natural nutrition shakes! RT “: What is your all-time-fave, can't-live-without, go-to, natural brand or product?”
The luck of the ghetto
she's doing great!
think Rizzo will have his struggles, LaHaor will cool off, but Cubs have never had 2 lefty power bats in the same lineup.
I think everybody would be angels for pujols bread!
Joy is a return to the deep harmony of body, mind, and spirit that was yours at birth and that can be yours again. That openness to love.
Thank you just got a commercial audition for Monday too for Green Burrito!! Thank you Jesus!! LOL
UPDATE: Crash on Jackson School Rd is at Scotch Church Rd S. of the Sunset Hwy.
Watch the premier of Changing the Game with us at 7pm tonight at in NYC. Former NFL defensive back Wade Davis will be there!
Actually, Scott said he was going to pop Dan and called him a douche for calling himself a scientist.
- is Rickey Henderson a shoo-in for leadoff hitter? Would he DH? Can't possibly be a top three OF, ironically. . .
The "twinkie defense" is sometimes used when someone eats too much sugar, goes into a rage, and kills someone.
yay jessica is in the final!!
All you do is down me girl .
If you need a little help on this, let me know. I recently worked on a UX/UI project and connected with some good people
oh i am just so damn hilarious
first is princeton then ray ray then roc royal then prodigy :)
Today's BTU inspiration: "Peace of mind comes from not wanting to change others." ~Gerald Jampolsky
(But shhh- don't tell about me being #saturdaylibrarian as I plan to hide in the office and lock myself in to get stuff done.)
#MovieFactOfTheDay $60,000 of Kill Bill Vol. 1's budget was for Samurai Swords.
Nice weekend for family to be in town with goal & assist. Great series!
For example, Obama doesn't support same sex marriage, Rick Santorum is against same sex marriage.
Gary Neal Grill time
but you guys were asleep doesnt count haa
Anyone know of a 3rd-party 'media asset hosting platform'? Something for managing video, images, + PDFs?
aw thanks! i hope he does to. everyone just has to tweet the link to him a lot
nice. I've been at a discipleship training for 3 months. Got 3 more. Home for weekend tho. U all good?
Oops mistype. 35+ yrs is too much to tweet!
thank you stupid
This was in question?? “: BREAKING: #GameofThrones has been renewed for a third season. RT and spread the word"
We're trying! RT : Talked web dev with today. Glad to see they've tackled mobile sites with vigor. No zoom required.
Changing up my website- need suggestions on website hosts that are easy-to-build (when you have zero html experience) & blogs
We managed to make several shades of face paint run down the cheeks of audience members last night. Thank you for dying a little with us.
Kicking off our ticket giveaways today! First reply wins 2 club tickets for tomorrow's game vs. Minnesota
“Strong lives are motivated by dynamic purposes; lesser ones exist on wishes and inclinations.” -Kenneth Hildebrand
hey! R u having deleting problems!!!!!!!!
Getting started ! #liw love this place!
thoughts on my first few days; hour lunches and smooth jazz in the bathrooms are excellent.
he is aw and same omg the performance was perfect
doin well, how you been
According to I used to be morbidly obese
Darn the kegorator is empty, I have to have bottled beer
Thanks Lauren! We're getting a ton of hits today from the Bahamas FB page linking to the story.
I think Hans Ulrich Obrist must be a robot sent back from the future.
Scroggy was projected a lottery pick in this upcoming police academy. With one more year of school he believes he can go top 5z
Interesting. I think getting the community at Student events would be alright too if they're ok with it.
I'm nervous about k state
Wi 1 of only 2 states who lost jobs in March. Gov spends time yesterday talking about 35 new jobs in Wi. WHAT? He doesn't get it.
I'll join you.
Ha! I hate it when decades are wrong, particularly 80's instead of '80s. Those were my formative years damn it!
I think I wanna put a ring on it. I think I wanna tatt ha name on me.
A lot of Pittsburgh Pirates fans tonight
Don't forget this Saturday Youth Christmas party! Bring yo friends! Annex 1pm 5 dollars! will be there. Will you?
Looking to hire a Project Manager with SDLC experience for a long term contract in Downtown MPLS. Let me know if you or someone in your ne…
someone already did the study. About 16 minutes.
will do as soon as I go grab an ILL book from the library. Congrats!!!!
More #ZOMM news at #CES at ABC and MSNBC.
GOOD MORNING WORLD! We're working out some shows, finalizing on some things, making some new graphics, etc. It's pretty sweet.
YEA!!!!!!! I heard you finished the mini!! What was your time?? How do you feel? Why'd you do such a crazy thing? :-)
Let's blow this wide open!!!!
Just got sassed by the bus driver on my way home. Way to live up to the asshole reputation, new york!
Taught a wonderful group of young actors last nite...2nd in a 6 week program: www.bridgestudioforperformingarts.com.
Damn he look like waka flaka
howdy there!
whatever helps you sleep at night!
Have a Happy New Year lil sister I always wanted!!! Enjoy spread my love to the girls
Hmm...RT : Sources tell Big East will add Boise, San Diego St, Houston, UCF, SMU Wednesday. Will join league in 2013
i have sommee issues
"Madison Bumgarner" sounds like someone who teaches Literature Of The Middle Ages at Mount Holyoke. But he sure schooled Rangers tonight.
Thanks for the follow! I used to work as a makeup artist; Temptu is a fantastic system
You won't have anything to say unless you've heard it first. We have nothing of our own, but everything is found in Him.
- Got that right, Thank you!
ehm in my school we CAN'T use the phone but.. :D
Mixtape is out now!!!mixed by d.j.primo with special feture from brisco,red eyes,c.ride,suave smooth.....get at me for your copy
give mama Schaeff my mucho amore today but tell her to try and keep the boys separated
Where is everyone tailgating today ?
i know! I had a mini heart attack until she said it was a mistake
Just gotta get through this double today then I'm off al day tomorrow.
thanks for the link!
thanks for the recs!
Yes, I remember bits & pieces.Found a site that has 5 seasons, I have a long way to go lol. He is so short though! hahaha
Lab orientation at UCLA.
Yup! I'll be there bigtime once I survive the July 30 ride. 236 miles fixie...
But...Mary added the nude Amish lady just for fun. :-)
lol ashley is scared!!
Gee, thanks Colleen! It's mutual.
thank you SO much for your help; I can't wait to meet, amd I will of course bring candy :)
I wish the mail man sold stamps so I wouldnt have to go all the way to the post office.
thanks Mendy! I really look forward to working with you. :)
Looking forward to cultivating the Wharton startup community
If John Skelton ever starts a game the way he rallies in the 4th; He will be dynamite
Proud my MN #Twins are sticking with the team this season! 6 games back with 54 games left... Anything can happen with this team!
Yes they would. Scrappy high energy team and program!
GO #BSU! Up 19-12 against SDSU in our first game of the Mountain West Tournament.
that shit was to funny!
more than me? Pretty positive she reared her ugly head just in time for the playoffs. Zip your pants up bud...
I've been called a thug more in the last 16 months than my entire life before that.. It's tea party code, you see
Hi Liam. Would you mind sharing your experience with me? You can DM if you'd like or email
I knew Mrs. Obama before she was First Lady and she did indeed shop at
true true!!
KK Ryder & THE EZY RYDERS are gettin' set to rock Roger Fisher's Birthday Party, come one come all if you are in the Seattle area!
It's kinda funny how easily we can expose them though. He's fucking lucky I love him.
I know . It even says on the about me .
I'm with RDA FTW!
Recession- Friend loses job, Depression- You lose job, (start of) Recovery- Obama loses job!
looking for books on pubic health and education in 1800's
A big middle finger to the people who decided that the field was still in good enough shape to play in the rain. I hate <U+26BD>.
Sorry for the brief hacking of my twitter. My ex best friend is a real bitch
totally agree! And he's sexy!
got it dude! good luck
Congratulations on the new account!
Safe travels!
was fucking gorgeous and wasted tonight. Love.
I have to get it out of my other phone, but I'll text you with my new number today <3
im a Textaholic!
I'm doing that thing where I sit around to put off getting ready for as long as possible. happy Monday!
oh sowy i thought it was a mean person. just trying to help. like to help people. SOWY!!!
I'm all late replying back lol my bad
There is nothing in Indiana
Pesky seasonal cold? Drink black tea with lemon to clear up some nasal congestion.
Laroy sounded so good!
whats not 3 seconds later? That i don't delete it? Oh well. My bf knows i do it.
Meet you in the lobby soon! RT : Any groups planning to meet in Mason Inn lobby to head over?
Thanks and wish us luck! We need all the votes we can get to bring our ASD kids and families a win!!
Rep. Sanchez at the Jackson Square groundbreaking: Thanks to Mayor Menino who said don't leave the room until we have a project.
Seriously want summer to be here now!!
like for students to create their own digital museum installation.
I don't need my oil changed babe.
The grass is never as green as you may think it is on the other side fyi.
#artpolitics what keeps people attached to unachievable fantasies of the good life is a central question for Berlant's work.
Convo w my 10 yr old has me looking up birth-death years for Auguste Rodin. This beats Sponge Bob reruns.
would love to join the team.Too bad you have no need for Corporate Finance coffee-lover types right now
The Death Penalty: Killing people that kill people to show people that killing people is wrong.
That may not be a good idea esp in the middle of the night if we let a frustrated expletive slip in with a lullaby... :)
Left more chronic, right more acute. The tears were 5 years apart you should pretty much believe me by now so I'm not okay with you!
If you were a Disney Movie what would you be called? Make up your own names, go! :)
Relationships Last Because Two People Make A Choice : To Either Keep It And Fight For It To Last Or Let It Die
StarDunk = latest iPhone game obsession.
... Probably the next episode, iCan't Take It, or the episode after that, iLove You.
Got my Thai food delivered now to finish my story (my fairytale)...
Welcome to twitter!
Thanks, Mace! Looking very forward to meeting you, , and all the other #cyc4lib librarians! :)
15 days till my Birthday!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Just can't win on #packers family night. Just cancel it all together. Can watch the same thing for free on Nitchke Field.
LMAOOOO“: Martin somewhere trying to download a reasonable explanation lol”
#Patriots and #Giants to be in #superbowl46. Tough breaks for the #Ravens and #Niners today. Close games.
Happy birthday to our own Ringo Larz!
God damn I'm so irritable. Loud noises, everything is pissing me off!
69+1 is my number on my Shirt
OMG - you're STILL sick? Both Patrick and I are. He got it from me right away.
we do pretty well for ourselves, thank you very much.
We'll start posting our walking days soon. Look forward to seeing you on the trail!
Turning New Balances into old unstables.
It's great to see the next generation embracing America's music “: Practicing Sir Duke until I can't feel my face? #productiveevening”
why was he by himself?
good job caps! let's do it again on saturday!
Dont forget the last day for Non-Goucher advising is tomorrow!
I hate going to phone stores. All the employees are on their phones and they don't pay attention to me
make two dreams come true but following me nd 21
way to go!
So I have decided to look for help to pay the university to make my job search seriously better. And so I can complete my degrees.
I second that motion.
PLEASE do not repeal Hayden's Law. We voted for you trusting you'd make the best decisions. Don't make the animals suffer.
well thanks
it might be but the name Triceratops is here to stay
I knew you hated me -.-
back to this grind! working on some great new opportunities! email me for details...
holly... i am this close to coming into your room and pouring hot chocolate over your head..............
Thanks for the pointers! I'll make a formal comparison with those libs and get back to you.
Pounce Bobblehead Night This Saturday! Add Pounce Panther on Facebook for details.
If it ain't one thing it's another smh
these guys should be on ur radar an producer (producer). They wanted in LA,Atl an NYC.
i was bored last night so i went to sleep at 7:30. lol
You Fake
The fact that people still shave when waxing is easy, affordable and painless!
i work tomorrow!
That's true- This city sure does make it easy to show off.
stop now im sad.. Im coming back to ct in a month to move into my house! come over anytime kitten<3
Using a translator for my spanish homework
Diary of a M.A.D. Caregiver has had its first public workshop performance! Ready to dive into the next phase. Tighten, revise....
Here at the awards. First award -- New Student Organization goes to: SU Dark Knight.
Where all all my twitters at?
im not to.far ill be thru.shortly
great blog post! Thanks!
Just wanted 2 say thanx 2 every1 following me here & thanx 4 the support & patience w/my writers block U guys are the best!
Should be a good night tonight.
I wear this crown of thorns upon my wire chair
#randomthought the pack got some great scouts
for the record, she a look a like. Look 95% like Eva so we call her the little sister
getting followed by mindless behavior i could only IMAGINE ppl are so lucky :(
Oh....school clothes, not "play clothes"
Be very careful who you let in your camp. some don't deserve a membership stamp!
Need a job!
What's Going On people take a few mins out of your day and smile.... Listen to www.whoistrillogy.com
Who wants a free shirt? I know Kelly Godart does. Kelly make it back to our booth @ Chili in the works for your free shirt!
Calling it a night good tweeps! Sweet dreams!
The pleasure was mine. It was an awesome article... thanks for sharing your expertise!
HOW YOU DOIN GIRL IMA HIT U WIT DIS HAMMER ALL YOU GOTTA DO IS TAKE OFF YOUR JAMMERS
nice to see some familiar faces. Im just excited that Rob would give the shout out I made for Mr. Bennett! :D
At virgina and bout to go home
Exhausted. Spring break is too far away.
is implementing hCard microformats on some faculty bio pages.
Keep on rocking!
The top bodybuilders always judge you when you miss a day in the gym
all I want is what's coming to me! All I want is my fair share!
GIVE ME A SIGNAL THAT YOU LOVE US. #MahomiesAreFamily #BigFamily <3. 8
You know you're back in LA when the population triples and the size of the freeways decrease at the same ratio.
Downloading Infinity Blade for iOS - massive file. First release with the unreal engine.
I think the paparazzi took that when he was swimming to England haha
Gmail's "Funny Quote of the Day": "On one issue at least, men and women agree; they both distrust women." Not funny, not true, #ugh inducing
dear hair grow to my bellybutton faster!
Thunderstorms in January.
Kim ass is nice in this show
So glad I took off tomorrow..cannot wait to sleep in a non seated position.
#Rampage get a turnover on their goal, attempting to get a break back before half. 1:43 left 2nd qtr.
Omg I love , she's just amazing #BFFS lmao shaving buddies forever
Go Celtics! Hope is feeling better and is rooting for the C's over the Lakers today!!
ive been hearing that the bad call scott foster made in the blazer OKC game might be overturned and blazers get the W.
Heading out to Springtown to see my mom for Mother's Day in 30 minutes or so... that means we should there around noon.
What a difference a day makes, what about all the effort that a day takes? The whining unrolled of ones uncertainty, that undying feeling..
It sure was :) but I'll text you!
no we love you <3
Off to the NYC School Librarians Conf Day @ Bklyn Tech HS. Stop by the NYLA booth & tell me your favorite book for
RT : "Using my laptop in bed" sounds a lot dirtier than it actually is. (In honor of someone I know who always does)
Everyone at Penn Station right now is either hammered or trying to hook up with someone who is. I just put the moves on a jamba juice.
Just took some sleeping pills. Let's see if they work.
In my humble opinion the answer is no. That is primary reason Jesus died for us.
Hurry up and get your punk ass ready. :P
I can't bare to stay on here for updates because it's making me jealous.
Upgraded the memory on my Android. MicroSD is so cheap! Scary to think that it has more storage and power than my first desktop computers.
We're currently working on the posters for the Zoo Society's annual gala "Zoobilee." The design and theme looks so much fun. Can't wait!
Lol what just happened?
It's a good feeling waking knowing ain't no fear in your heart
Still waiting to hear on Danny Duffy - he will need Tommy John, I bet.....
In the process of completing my FINAL college paper! 4 pages down. 4 more to go. Woohoo!
The best ice is @
4 more mondays left.. lets get it done!
haters gonna hate! you're flawless!
What she said! RT : I missed #FF will happily state I have the BEST friends & family --ALL of u enrich my life!
A newborn and a dog I presume both were out of the adult human's sight? I swear some parents need a license to reproduce.
#worldnews That time of the year again....
Whenever a post on Facebook tells me to not keep scrolling, I always speed up my scrolling
just watched ghost adventures man crazy I couldn't of done that mad props!!!!
Eli get yah team together smh
Sometimes I wonder what my life would be like if I had a mom growing up ! Would I be the same person?
That Last song hurt cause ... The reality is far from the Image that Ya'll "Know" ... (2 all my folks behind the iron curtain)
Did I hear flash mob? I'm in!
A mad dash trying to wrap up production on The Goldfish and get ready to leave for Sundance tomorrow. #SAGpaperwork&warmsocks
Wow! Haven't felt a quake that strong since being a kid in Cali! Definitely shook the buildings in #KendallSquare (Boston).
Lol where atRT : I plan on seeing you for birthday bash May 27th, its going down. Make sure you invite the crew :-)
O.o
#YoMommaSoFat she fell in love and broke it.
Why do I feel my stomach burning inside? Ugh
Watching Sponge Bob ;D
What's your definition? Super Bowl or bust? So Marino is Colt McCoy too? Interesting.
i am listening to buju's Til Shiloh album and monster energy drink and wkring how about u?
I love these boots. So cool!!!
It's awful. I don't function right at 8:15. It wouldn't be as bad if my history professor wasn't boring as hell!
Thanks for the RT luv! Fellow Pac-Northwest resident?
Personally, I can't live without Kenra's blow dry spray. It smells amazing, leaves my hair smooth and shiny, and cuts drying time in half!
RT : Self-improvement is not selfish. When u improve yourself, u improve the relationships, teams & organizations in your life.
Damn its slick cold today
I found you through snoopery!
Somewhere between heaven and hell
i aint doing shit, but chilling on here haha
The Afghan Whigs- Gentlemen
see as long as u believe it ur good:)
Glad you dig it! RT Destruction Of A Rose's new EP... OH MY GOD
#Follow for girl quotes. ;) i <3 his tweets
Oh P.S. just thought you should know that the German word for "nipple" is "brustwarze" which literally means "breast wart."
im fine :D
have you heard of " Austin Mahone " ? <U+E40A>
I miss the Create Lists function of Millennium so much.
Awesome John, sometimes the right system can make all the difference. Have a phenomenal day!
Is this good, bad, or just news?
i am tuh im lovinq mah bed rite ah bout now lbvfs
I'm putting each broke end into a larger tube and clamping&taping the larger tube ends to hold it together
MT ": Tiebreaker, 2pm tomorrow: CAN v USA. #wwcc2012"// keep it strong USA!
I'm trying to make arrangements as we speak!! Hopefully I'll be seeing your face!
i kinda want wings right now
thanks for the mention in your write-up! What a fantastic compliment!
RT : Balihoo Presents Webinar Series: Taking National Brands to Local Markets: "Local marketing is quickly becoming a...
The birds twitter now anew but a design/surmounts their twittering/It is a design of man/that makes them twitter It is a design W C Williams
Do u see this? if so..your and amazing singer with amazing talent your going to go far.:) if not...i just let other ppl know:)
We're way more fun than ballet. :-)
I'm 2 bored I should be doing somthing productive right meow.
Welcome to twitter! was holding it down for you guys.
juggling eggs
Btw-you're very welcome! I have a lot more to share based on realizations borne from waking up to my life again :)
dudes got shit fucked up...its ard 4 you to fuck however many girls you want but if a bitch do it she a hoe, bitch you a hoe too
ready to make a move woo woo
obv there bro n sis u had to c my dad in the car he was like belly dancin goin boom boom boom I was lke those arnt even the words
So done playing with these boys, where are the real Men at!?!
Working on a proposal for another city in Cobb County Georgia!
I love that. :)
Lotties Lounge will be open the night if Christmas eve. Limited food menu...limitless drink menu.
I thought that you were better.
So according to , if you support Gay marriage, you ARE gay? Oh. Okay.
y'all. I don't understand the #spotify interface. But it's significantly more interesting to listen to than
its to expensive:)
#reasonswhyiwatchhockeyalone I yell at my tv like a mad person like the players can hear me.
fuzzy socks :D<U+2665>
hahaha i love the keys (:
I had a good day. I had a half day for rest of week and then spring break. BOO-YAH
Don't know. I'm not there yet lol I just made the realization.
Follow me if you want to enjoy the Coolest Quotes on the web and want to keep Smiling Everyday!
CLASS = Come Late And Start Socializing
Thank you....
Can anyone explain why we have to have these tedious "we love movies" montages? Can't we save that time for when Meryl Streep wins?
Great game with my seniors tonight they put it on the old men but not by much!! Thanks guys!!
Ok you, get out there and vote in the primary!
Just replaced lost copy of Adam Levy's album, buttermilk channel. 335 goodness. Check it out, yer ear buds will thank you.
What do you get when you cross a bell with a bee? A humdinger.
Why should POTUS give these hatemongers the time of day?
The funny thing is most people can take bad advice. Not many can put good advice into action.
"Religious-themed party supplies & more" just seems a little over the top for a promotional email subject line.
well damn do you still drink?
Following now....the man does great work!
Its time! We are holding another one of our nationally recognized-accredited certification workshops. Sat Jan 14th in Pittsburgh, PA
Faggoat... wait, is that a gay goat?
If it's Hebrew characters, don't bother checking for the name of God-- just toss it in the "sacred trash". Lots of diverse material.
a nigga is everywhere right now so my timing is super off. i'll hit you back up when i get back in carrollton
The Destination Disney Channel !
Chillin with & at my house :) I feel like complete shit though -.- #stillhavingfunthough d;
Fuck this sub.
Throwback yearbook :)
#ItsAboutTimeThat #cablevision gets the NFL network, #Verizon looks better & better each day
I still wanna see that Boom...roasted episode
my nail tech said that's actually good. shaving opens your pores and makes you more prone to infection from the water.
You're very welcome, glad I could help. Love-bri
By recording your dreams and goals on paper, you set in motion the process of becoming the person you most want to be. Mark Victor Hansen
What a game!!!
#NowPlaying overboard & "i can't swim on my own." <333
Peace fam have a productive and peaceful day.
Dropped my pen under the long sink in the restroom. I immediately wanted to hide from the cave troll.
Thanks a bunch Jen! She donated $50!!! She's a big ole' POWER PAL!
"Let’s go fly a kite, up to the highest height! Let’s go fly a kite and send it soaring!"
Something to think about: Do twins have the same erect penis length?
your 30 years of support lets me do it! ty
RT : M: The #bostonmarathon has crossed the half in 1:06:11 with Dickson Chumba (KEN) in front of the pack.
change that to Ladder Matches on Netflix and you got a deal.
Yay!!!! Momma I miss you more, ruff, ruff!! (kisses to you too )
@ soccer hopefully helping Malia Crush Cancer. From what her g-mother tells me, this is 1 strong little girl! Common weather...cooperate!
Bought my way to an A in geometry today. <U+E00E> Extra credit makes a huge difference :)
Think Like a Big Man
#teachers who take forever to grade papers holy fuck that makes me madder then life
why yes i did know that i'm the only girl around putting warrant and ray lamontagne on the same mix tape.
#Stopkony! April 20th, 2012! We CAN make a difference.
Another guest post from Jenna sue: First dance of the happy couple = flawless.
Yah, "lemme clear your throat" shouldn't be played at the bar. Ever. Looking at you
I just wanna talk to this certain person .
Since you're too busy to visit..I'll just skip Long Island next time I'm in NY
Thanks for the follow. Let me know if there is anything I can do for you or for your clients. Be sure to check me out!
I love you
#Pens have nobody to blame but themselves. The worst part of their game tonight has been their power play. They've squandered their PP's.
Grateful to be speaking in Richmond tomorrow to the amazing River City Express Network of the American Business Women's Assn. You rock!
but you'll never get one.
Thunder news release: James Harden is day-to-day. Still must take additional steps per league-mandated concussion policy before returning.
Hope you will tweet about some of the stuff you're reading and writing about! Would love to hear.
I'm not sayin any names but he is so cute!!:)<$$
#saysomethingniceaboutobama does a "great" job at making bad decisions
I never see my best friend anymore :/
Lebron showing out.
Where your pleasure is, there is your treasure. Where your treasure is, there is your heart. Where your heart is, there is your happiness
actually, they can, but not via the vending machine.
For prom queen :D
the part that's upsetting to me is that these ideas come from people and orgs that indulge in fearmongering.
waking up to bad news, losing a close family friend, yikes </3
I have no rights what so ever!
Hope add me on fb c: I would die a million deaths and come bak to life and it would be amazing!
About to ride to the beach????? Not sure???
Custard's last stand - Anchorage Press
#IfIWasPresident i would legalize weed
Dear , when sending out welcome e-mails, please don't CC everyone in your CRM. Thanks, Jonathan
This Is Tureee
That awkward moment when you lose both parents at a store.
I thought insanity was a good thing in sports (sold a lot of t-shirts for the Knicks).
i was looking forward to breathing the same air as her once again.
yeah i know it is really stupid and no he didn't say why
the awkward moment when you remember something but you don't know if it was real or just a dream.
Live is dope too
#1: Low price Mega Bloks Probuilder Steam Express Building Set ...
#SomeWomenCantStand some things for good reason!
What did she get?
Peeps at #SXSW-go visit Kambri at the book signing of #BurnDownTheGround at the convention center. This book is fab-u-lous!!
lol....nice...and witty too.
Come see us tomorrow morning at the Carmel Farmers Market AND come to the store to see our family friendly Improv show at 4:00!
that is humbling. Hope you are well.
#WeWontWorkoutIf You Haven't Text Mee Or Call Mee !!!!!!!!!!!
No so bad so far, Emily. Winds have been friendly. Forecast looks like SW winds later, though, so may have to shut windows :(
i bet it will look fabulous fur_is_dead
Life goes on within you and without you.
lead me to the cross :)
Omw:( so sad... Listening to #BOYFRIEND wish i had some1 to sing me that:(
Thank you so much! I'm still blushing :)
either your knowledge of youth lingo is impressive, or your acct has been hacked. or maybe both.
I forgot to vote today. Thanks for reminding me!
kuk sool won, the official martial art of korea
thats my thing. I saw one today and it wasnt bad. But the more i think about the entrance, the more i worry. Ugh.
my best clients are creative edgy and stay educated get at me we sound like a match peace out
yo momma's breath so bad she needs to get slapped by a peppermint pimp
Great brainstorm today! We're planning a series of satirical short films to highlight the absurdity of Republican
I agree, I see iPhone/Pad as performance support tools. U may like Doc 's tweets on teaching use to physicians
The Bucs have the most improved offense in the NFC South. V-Jax and "Muscle Hamster" Doug Martin will take that O to the next level
moving to the gateway, guys. Next to five guys Aug 1. :)
Love you baby girl!!! Muah <3
I wonder if the MSM will report on Flipper's indecision and flip flopping when it comes to immigration? I doubt it.
Two girls next to me just started making out hardcore waiting for to start.
Robert Guerrero vs Michael Katsidis ODDS! www.boxingbettingnews.com
no problem dude bro
Adopt a Pet in a Subaru Vehicle at Bill Jacobs Subaru - Sacramento Bee
You could ask with a very unkind demeanor and I still just might write one. :-)
$30K reward now offered in missing Maine toddler case. Police say Ayla Reynolds did NOT leave dad's home on her own. Details on at 9pm
Fancy bibimbap: Reminds me of a restaurant in ann arbor (go blue, by the way!) RT : Recipes for Health:://nyti.ms/zAe90i
You know it's a slow news day when I have to watch princess Kate play field hockey more than once.
I love it! Once had an employee tell me they put the cologne in the mop water, that's why it stinks. Genius right?
Can't believe I'm at a high school friend's wedding! Makes me feel rushed! Ah
Thanks for sharing this - I hadn't seen it!
HE CUMIN TO GREENSBORO
Happy Birthday Lashionista :) hope ur day is wonderful
well bout to find something to do....
TaN: Recycling online is a digital "low" form; Me: not necessarily, seems to me more like a samizdat aesthetic + detourned agit-prop
we were just in Walmart and I was so tempted to look for twinkies! Wondering about flavors ;)
My son has a CHD also. He's 4.
Thanks to both of you for hyping my look, and encouraging others to do so! :)
How was your St. Patty's Day celebration...anything exciting happen?? Hope everyone stayed dry! :)
Welcome to Broncos Country! Let's go get Lombardi!!!
mom will not get off the phone.
Forget napping. I'm gonna watch Vampire Boys.
my shit keeps getting hacked... and i have changed my password......
I'm 28 and only now interested in a driver's license. Typical New Yorker. First lesson in 30 minutes. What color should I lease?
Yes! I think G+ and GDocs could easily replace a LMS if you were creative abt it
I love you
That is SO awesome, Shane!!! Can't wait to see it!!!
Im goin H.A.M which can only mean one thing
I've seen enough: trade Montero.
Congrats, Ang! RT Proud to be a zenoid! RT : Midsize Agency of the Year is !
Hey Eugene, glad to hear Mom & her BF are OK. Accidents suck! Cars can be replaced, people cannot.
Why isnt it last period!
stuck at JFK. *SOB*
Microsoft has announced ambitious plans for expanding Zune overseas.
#replacesongtitleswithboobs never close our boobs
I don't like Bruce Springsteen. If he's the Boss, I want a different job.
lol I'm jk, I've actually never been the biggest Triple H fan. I've always thought he was petty overrated.
This generation will never know the empowerment that gangster rap can make you feel.
Haters Gonna Hate,Lovers Gonna Love, Dancers Gonna Dance, And i'll Be Reading About It On Twitter
No comment...
's Bonus day is tomorrow. They'll match donations by 30%. RT to help us spread the word!
thanks for the retweets!
anytime just bring some to share we got dinner going and my rolls in the oven right now
that is so weird, I literally thought about it today and meant to text you but fell asleep instead. Miss you & angry sprinklers!
worthwhile waiting.
no no, YOU'RE awesome
yea I'm not concerned, UCLA won't have the squad to be a nat'l title contender
Great! Let me know if you need any SLP input.
My softball coach and team mom (Coach Tim) are some VERY impressionable, respectable men.
Just about to learn how to give an insanely great instruction session by finding my inner Steve Jobs
Who can recommend a good place for BBQ?
Reason 11 to love the BBA: We have 2 great events for the neighborhood annually, Fremont Festival of Lights & Fremont Festival.
This is the first time im watching The Time Traveler's Wife and it barely started and I already feel like crying. Lol.
Boise, Cold World, Focused Minds, and are here next Thursday, pit and act stupid.
RT for chance to win & tickets! Details coming up soon!
I can't emotionally handle the amount of clothing I just pulled out of the girls' bedroom & put in the "no longer fits" bin.
I have no life no wounder I dont have a boyfriend
Been a busy last few days, folks. Gonna rattle off some NFL draft thoughts now...
Thanks and back at ya!
I miss you too!
Really depressed that my case broke today when putting my phone in it =[
SOTRUERT I bet 50% of SleepingWithSirens fans can only name Kellin Quinn and have no fuckin clue who the other members are
anyone going to #SCBWI in LA?
the closest anyone will ever get to me telling them how i feel is by reading my tweets.. that's sad.
I am beginning to wonder if I, as a BMC rider, will also be affected by the curse of
To celebrate our blog's two year anniversary We'll be re-posting our top 5 blog posts.
Nobody should be allow to be french kissed after a smoking session. Dat ish taste bitter and dirty.
Ok, folks. and I have a road trip mañana. Playlist recs?
is jelly of my captain america costume. obviously, i mean who wouldn't be.
#REMIX On April 20th UK’s Rusko kicked off his North American tour with the first show in Broomfield, CO. Levitate Festival was put on by
Kudos to for having the courage to leave the GOP and go Independent!
Like a bahh
well i did some research and if i drunk it before it exploded it would kill me..
Bandaids not gonna cover that bro.. :D
love it keep it up
AMEN TO THIS!
A sharp tongue is no indication of a keen mind.
Haven't gone in a couple of years. Is it still really mainstream - lots of landscapes & abstracts?
i love you<3
#foodlabdr Looking forward to Sustainable Food Lab's Leadership Summit which kicks off tonight night in Puerto Plata DR.
times like this makes me wish i had a damn DOOR. -__-
I was plyn
Writing and drinking at Blackbird Bar. Bukowski's here, too.
I'm ready for some terrible news. Hope not though
Indeed. We're always excited when our ideas catch on and more data and maps are opened up
I was just looking for your Twitter handle to tweet to you but couldn't find it!! CC on everything #MarsInc :)
thanks for the invite, Reggie!!!!!!
my best to all of you now let's all relax and enjoy a cold one!
Is so happy:)))
Blake can u follow me so I can DM you a Country Artists you will love to hear!
If you'd like, we can also discuss UMass' dominance over Jim Boeheim.
i am okay. gettin by and by. going to knotts tomorrow :) how are you?! :)
I'm so sleepy lately <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
I want to meet the manager who chose the playlist in the women's bathroom at the crown plaza hotel: "She's a brick, house"
What a terrible time this is to be a Christian. The churches have failed and betrayed us, and the ministry preaches hate and mur
is Still that GUY!
I'm related to Kurt Cobain (Lead singer in Nirvana) Well... Was, he's dead now =P And no, I'm not kidding lol.
Wow. I knew most people on HotFudgeDetroit are assholes, but I didn't realize to what degree. What miserable, despicable human beings.
Got My Back. Thank you. So much. I oh you one big time. I freakin love you. Us two together equals ambitious minds.
People of Lawrence,KS! We are out delivery your records! Be home and keep your porch lights on.
Giggity ": The average bra size today is 36C. Ten years ago it was 34B."
I checked out of Spanish ages ago hahaha
Good idea. Yes, we ladies do have a tendency to do that, don't we.
bring me some of your positive energy girl !! <3
Missed Derek's talk because we were so late!
Anyone wanna collab hmu I got song in the stash that need a verse.
a little late to that party. PB and green apples is also an all time classic.
omg she is killing me
Aww, the toffee has nuts. It was a completely random gift of kindness so I won't ruin it by saying anything. Random gifts of kindness are <3
In the 30's and snowing all around Ohio, but Snowtrails moves opening day back a week?
My kids already love bacon, The Ramones and talking like pirates. Guess my job is done here.
the locations could be broken down more accurately. I've never heard of "Wharton" for Bella Vista/Passyunk Sq.
RT if you love Austin Mahone, and Justin Bieber, and you don't compare them.
Road trip early in the am makes for a long day....fam is worth the ride!
Annoyed as fuck.
bahaha you just made my night !
he's beautiful
We have lots of Ugly Christmas Sweaters to give away this week. Stay tuned!
kahne: "if your goal is for young ppl to be able to send a text message, you don't need a lesson plan. they'll figure it out."
if you're wide open, take the 3
Playing trumpet with Faceman tomorrow night at The Bug Theater. Show starts at 7pm.
"It isn't hell if everybody knows my name tonight..." :]
His arms are massive... Damn. ;)
I need you. Don't crash on me right now.
It's getting there. We're dealing with a fair bit of legacy code.... thankfully all backend.... no lousy HTML.
Everyone's clashing!!
Gym mode
Remember when I said that I was really tired? Not anymore! Things could get god.....
Best #SEO in #California =
but not the best when it comes to waking up lol.
Taking over the world
nah, that one was for me.
Holy crap SO close to being done with the short. And now for something completely dfferent...
LA! I need a college aged male to act in a short silent film. Please submit headshots to
without wanting sorry
Our pleasure!
With friends like that... RT : Bachmann Iowa chair Kent Sorenson endorses Ron Paul. Ouch.
Q&A: some1 quotes Thoreau on solitary confinemnt, when he said he'd thrive if he just had his thoughts. Schaefer: "He's lying."
more women- and that's a good thing?
I'll be pretty pissed if You Gi OH is replaced by another UK/Ul breakdown show.
springtime heat has melted glue attaching rear-view mirror to windshield. dangling mirror less attractive/useful than fuzzy dice.
tell Omar what up
Um... I'm very lost.. who the hell is this Black Lady Gaga? O_o
Things not to say to airport homeland security at JFK - "I am the batman"
great day to be in the shed
Cheers/#ff for fabulous auction items for next week's event: ; ; ; ;
is jim carey in it!?!?
": thats what i call trill *salute" - ha! Lemme tell ya , it was scrumptious
#MMFEvanston i'm up for it.
Yep. My whole plan was for my clothes to fit again, but now I'm dealing with the in-between size issues.
I need some upbeat music this morning.. Put me in a better mood... Get my mind off things.. What comes on? All I Could Do Is Cry, Etta James
Hats | Dig Web
We are sorry! Pub might be at capacity now, but Stoney is coming on late, so you're in luck!
A guy with a nosey ass ex <<< bitch go somewhere, your his EX!
Have you read "Intersex (For Lack of a Better Word)" by ? If not, run, don't walk, and get a copy!
I want u to take over control..
Holy Mother Of God, Avengers!!
hahah! The first thing Emily said to me when I hurt my knee.."Man! You need to wash your knee pads!" <U+E412>
just got engaged to adam west tho
Hey, dude who flips me off for honking at him in the parking lot, your freshly brewed coffee was on the roof of your car.
Why does our living room smell like curry? I don't hate it ...but just why?
RETWEET!.....THA HOMIE JUST DROV BY STATS THERE WERE 20 HEADS TOPS!! U GUYS JUST CUM 2 CLUB DOWNTOWN ITS PACKED!!!
why must there be two global essays just why...
Just applied to some open positions with and !
chillin no plans its been a long day
I have not seen what terrible things this person is saying about me, nor do I give a sh*t! F*ck off spammers!
or christmas is for suckers. or working is for suckers. or working on christmas is for suckers.
I'm deeply in love with ur new icon!
Thanks for the RT and and for the #ff's
I don't know. I think increasing awareness is a good first step. No action will happen w/out inspiration & it has to start somewhere.
Today spring break ends. Hopefully we can cllean up quickly and get home.
4 reminders to get a shot. Shoot someone in a pose that looks like they are 'stopping traffic'. An authoritative person can be intimidating.
Haven't Tweeted in 2days!!
I am ready bring it on lol. Just kidding
or will i lose myself forever.
Not a good idea to restrict English to non-redundant expression. I use computer languages all the time.
Call your girlfriend-Robyn <3 great song.
DJ Squad
Wish I could say the same. Don't think we can swing it this time. Maybe next year! LMK how it goes!
(, this seems made for you) RT : "Weave truth and trust." On a cup from the Spitalfield Weavers, shown at Raven Row.
Congrats! You're so lucky!! :)
What luck for rulers that men do not think. ~ Adolf Hitler
I'm a believer in Ramon Sessions, though I feel the Lakers are one more offensive threat away from really being back in the title mix.
I think you are hilarious.. And your dancing is awesome. You did grow the most
Thanks for the retweet!
Thanks for the RTs and support, guys! Looking forward to rockin' witchou in March!
Another quiet night @ the Santos residence, too bad that Zoey doesn't talk she only barks LOL!!
First Lady Grant is scandalous. Work it, girl!
I work in K-12 now (part of Hobsons) kind of a stretch to get me to a grad school conference. Love Austin though. :-(
because I wasn't on fb.
I wanted to go see that. Watch in theaters, yay or nay?
RT smily face!:D howz my niece? She is the biggest blessing ever...
How Ima Be Mad When I Gotta Main Nigga Ah Long Strong Year And Counting.......
what u get
“: Gandhi says he won't dignify Catania's comments with a response. In PR battle, Gandhi wins.” but Catania speaks for the peps
Yes! RT Episode 4 of #Grimm - we'll be watching - will you?
Music is the literature of the heart; it commences where speech ends. ~Alphonse de Lamartine
New theme!
I don't feel compelled to post every activity or thought I have... As I have a third cup of coffee and watch #MeetThePress in my PJs
Never, never, never, never give up.
"A good parent" was President James Monroe's assessment of his mother.
Feel frisky? Run naked(your feet that is) in the snow and let them shout,..OMG it's cold, let's take cover!!
Wed. 18 145pm Chelsea vs Barcelona
So ready for a mini vacation
what up... is my pleasure to work wit u too...letz make a krazyyy track and take it to Europe
Jake: I need some beer!!! : no you definitly need more hugs!!!
u a real ass nigga my dude..
And were the terrorists...
#WhyILoveMuseums Because they have given me insight, beauty, history and sometimes goosebumps.
that is amazing.
"Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it."
nice music choice for the soundtrack, caught my attention RT
RT : Declare that Today should be a National Geek Holiday!! ( )
We fully agree. Pop-up ads suck. Our ad network pushed them on tonight and we're shutting them down ASAP.
aw denise, that ham was just for you - well okay we can share it with the world.
When I'm with him, I'm thinking of you.
If you like #natgeo, follow us to learn about the street muse documentary project on E African Street music.
Every time a girl gets a new weave they always look like a different person >.<
Always borrow money from a pessimist. He won't expect it back.
Hope to see you all at the #unity rally ready to create a unity mural!
yep! Can't drive and text. #oprah would not approve
let me know when Rachel is out and I'll start watching again
don't play, don't oversleep again lol
Norbert from the Angry Beavers reminds me of Jeff Daniels in Dumb and Dumber
you think i'm docked?? Just wait til the 2nd half...
How did the event go?!
A patron just offered me a kitten ... at the reference desk. Um , sorry?
Fun running into and 2 other amazing peeps at today! Life is random.
Looking forward to teaching advanced tap at a new studio tonight. Hm....what to teach?
Isn't having an "All-Star" edition of "Dancing with the Stars" a bit redundant? Or...wait for it...an oxymoron?
Thank you and thanks to our wonderful patrons!
silent u wrong for that comment lol. I can't even repeat it
Using McKesson STAR and Dr Rounds app for iphone, #Foxtrot pulls schedule info from STAR, load in Dr R. web app, Docs schedule on iphone.
That's a typical possession with a guy named drew who spells his name with a J
I can't wait to see if Jason Schmidt will blow his first start in two years.
is that a type of French press. Looks nice.
Does he actually live in Miami? I heard him on y100 the other day. :p
don't put #Baeza more than once in a tweet so it doesn't count as spam !
Looking for somewhere to #volunteer? We'd love to have you! Contact to talk to our volunteer guru!
It's definitely a factor, but there's right and wrong ways to do it. It's no accident that UMD tumbled in the rankings IMO
I keep checking my followers making sure is still there :)
that's insane. Keep it up.
and I just trollin round campus, doin hoodrat things
I am so grumpy today. So sorry.
Mad at #Xcel for dropping the #solar rebate? Call Gov. Hickenlooper's office at 303-866-2471 to tally your disapproval
If you are the smartest person in the room, get out of that room! You can't learn if you are the smartest person there. From
Celebrating 1st anniversary with by attending new #media training to make 2nd year even better.
I feel like I have so much to say then I lose it when I start typing it. 1500 words is a lot. I need to find more quotes.
It's likely something in the Firewall, but will need Engineering to identify/fix, as it may "break" other things also...
lightning changeover for real!!
Thanks for the drink mister
OMG! Why would they do that? That's a TV staple RT : Anyone know if they wound up cancelling The Simpsons?
LOL HELP! The stall I'm in has no tp. I need a superhero to save me!
it's either a new version of tweetdeck chromeapp, or new twitter, but it annoys me to see real names instead of handles, i like screen names
There's always one moment in life when the door opens and lets the future in. -Graham Greene
Back at ya. Enjoy Christmas k!!! R u going anywhere???
": I'm done"no u not cum one let finsh lol
What's the single best thing you can do for your health? A doctor/professor answers that question with this great video lecture....
omg i want the llamanator!
I have PS Vita may I have a code please :]
Uhmmmm...Is it a KoalaCubScout? THAT'S ALSO A ROBOT?! :3
In #WI, just reiterated he will defund & I'll help hold him accountable in a few hours.
spam sucks
There are few sorrows, however poignant, in which a good income is of no avail
Ribs on tha grill, corn, baked potato.damn I'm good!
“: is crazy!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>”still lame smh don't get your ass locked up stalker
we're going the weekend after
Hey, stop being scared and face the facts. I hate it.
no. That is an album of work by master instrument engraver Jason DuMars..
You can do anything you wish to do, have anything you wish to have, be anything you wish to be. – Robert Collier
Don't let the Tampico supply in your fridge get low! Stock up on the new #Tampico20oz!
Jim and Mike of tomorrow and Mathew Haeffel on Saturday. We live for weekends like this.
Ray's poor shooting lost this one for the C's while DFish won it for the Lakers
hell yeah my nigga wht u on?
Tune in THIS SUNDAY to Jawanza4Life!! Guests are LOU GOSSETT JR. and MARGARET "SHUG" AVERY! Listen online @ wclmradioonline.com 4-6pm est.
Hahahahaha I love your angry Spanish tweets.
Tyler The Creator is bipolar af.
All-stars! Yay!
o_0 for that ...wat sef...isn't it soccer we are betting over?
Lunch break! Time for lightning talks
Nice! No, I switched to Finance actually. Where are you going?
Me and Amy on june 30 WOAHHHH! TAKE UR SHIRTS OFF LOL :) SHE KNOWS ITS TRUE
Final score from the Alamodome beat Pittsburgh 68-52. Full recap on tonight
I think #slate has (sometimes) some of the best writing out there.
HELL YEAH a chance to see NORTHSIDE kick SALEM'S ASS! you know imma be up in there lol now watch i probably just jinxed it
oh yea inphilly i might go im begging
exactly so. (But you said it.)
yeah hahah. it's all good though ha .
Pardon our dust while we test some features of an up and coming app for 's
SN: headingg home , b/c irefuse to be in a position in which im uncomfortable !
yeah. Still just adds to the space in my mind. I use my iPad in portrait as much as landscape, so that's something to consider.
#Home #safety #tip: Warn children never to tell strangers about your vacation plans
I used to be indecisive. Now I’m not sure.
Questions in past hour as #saturdaylibrarian chirp...chirp...visual basic bk?...chirp....chirp. (those are crickets)
I #Bet he'll sing a lil mariachi tune for you!! I #Guarantee it!! LMAO “ Lmao! I'm gonna say that and see what happens”
slow day today?
TONIGHT - DJ's AI & J-Roc will be playing ABQ's Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music along with the Lotus Dance Team @ ABQ's Best Danceclub!!
u ant cute lol
Should not have drank that coffee, 2 in the morning and I'm still awake...
Loving my wine rite now .......
almost posted a "shared housing wanted" ad on craigslist describing myself as "non-smoker non-ugly"
what are you a girl or something? Haha
How often do you get your car washed?
Thanks for the RT Ronni. What have you been up to?
and Pedro and Busquets <U+2764> I love Russian !! Lol
Please RT & Follow these amazing people
The UP feature was very fine. As a UP native, I was touched and appreciative of the positive portrayal of the area and its people.
SOS radio is what you're looking for!
thanks a lot Erin :)
hell yea...lol
mayb if it was it would be awsome
BTW, in case you didn't see earlier tweet, May 3-9 specials are: Vermicelli Salad, Cashew stirfry, Shrimp Tacos. Love ya, JCB!
RT : Spend more time looking for the perfect pair of shoes than ur kids doctor? Find ur doc at this event in
This is fun i enjoy tweeting things it is fun tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet tweet
Stressed like I have money on this game. Come on #Nuggets, only cause I hate the
you know when you're coming back to the nuggets
whats good my dude?
Our mailman just threw a cig butt in our yard! No wonder he cant walk up the stairs and put packages at our door! Wtf. Jerk.
Work flow
Thank you, have a great weekend.
this has to be one of the cutest pics of him!
RT : Don't feed the models! RT : thanks to for the fabulous food for today's shoot! Kristan,...
Jazz jury, paper, and take home final away from winter break. Finish line in sight.
Stealing the Scrubs ending not so cool...but even the most desperate life is oh so wonderful.
my best friend's a butcher he has sixty knives!
I think he needs to be in a speedo all the time
in order to convince their husbands to feed baby elephants in Thailand. Or at least, that's my excuse...
You wanna be a pirate!
End of first quarter in LA. #Clippers 16 #Grizzlies 25 with 4 and with 6 of #Clippers 16 pts.
I'M GOOD
I'll see you there!
Every time I think I understand the Pastry DHT, I get a little bit more implemented, only to find out everything I thought was wrong.
check out my new web site golftours.com, if you love golf and travel its for you!
i really was..
Sorry everyone! I was hacked?!
#palamino Lovely design. Nice use of staggered columns and images. Scholarly, classic look. Readability of wider blocks?
rats! will miss you in the 312 this weekend. enjoy Nola!
you drive a hard bargin ;)
Want good customer service when buying a expensive TV? Don't go to they have been consistent on not being helpful
you already know they got the ipad 3,4,5 lined up just waitin to come out
I'm geeky like that. But I really love hard boiled eggs.
last final today, wooohoooo
welcome to my page! look for me around!
At a karaoke bar and a stalker just emptied out her drink in 's face when we asked her to leave... He handled it like a pro obv
If God be for you who can be against you:) Now let's get this win tonight!!!!!!!! #Grizz Nation Babe:)
I'm planning on going, but I'll know for sure soon.
You definitely should. A lot of energetic & progressive Black women out here b/w Spelman,Emory, & GSU...
harden dominates the ball though. OJ had every opportunity to do that
Getting ready for "VAN 101" w/Bill Kottmeyer #NOIdata Good Data!
#askalexconstancio Do you love me??? Cus I love you Alex!!!!(:
haven't gotten into Google+ yet. My cat is curled up for the night. Full moon soon
100%. He's addicted to bunting. #buntingjunkie RT How much of the #brewers offensive struggles can you pin on #R??
hope its a good morning for ya and we can end the day on a #Knicks win!
1 in 176 million. Smh. I wish i won too lol. Better luck next time :/
House of Pies, Museum District incl Menil Collection/Rothko Chapel, ride the light rail!
Staying Healthy shouldn't be a CHORE...
Just got your message but just came thru. Not sure when u sent as I just got it.
OMG WHAT THE HELL!! THE VAMPIRE DIARIES!
Classic switcheroos with big shoulder pads never disappoint!
Lets go Champagne & Chickenheadz
that's hilarious
GD TOP ready to rock my mind!
is there a way to create line breaks in twitter?
We launched Plink a month ago, targeting social gamers and giving them Facebook Credits to dine out.
go for it!
i hate when people lie to me..
maybe after a while....but for a short period of time it would be so nice.
#fatpeoplenightmares naked on YouTube
haha the mohawk guy is definitely high up there for me too. Hot body.
Always remember, whether you think life sucks or you think life is great, either way, you're right.
I'm gonna wipe mine and start over, otherwise of course! Although I should be in for the new #iPad shortly!
I'm caught up in you.
Happy New Years!! Hope 2011 was great! What's a goal you're setting for 2012? Mine: Create great music, good laughs, & moments to remember!
It goin'around pal, it's goin' around. Sigh.
Uh I don't wanna go to work! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
you guys never hit me up !
ash keep your eyes open we'll be serving up ice cold once again...
Digging through old Directory files and discovered we first asked departments for e-mail addresses in 1996! Time to request Twitter handles?
730 = two years.
Cinco de Mayo!!!!!
Money does buy happiness
Thanks, great to meet you here on Twitter!
You lyin! RT : I'm working there!
LOL! No. I don't have any hairspray on my hair.
Many succumb to despair and fail without realizing that they actually possess all the tools needed to acquire perfect wealth.
thanks to you, Ayron. We had a blast.
?If someone wants to be a part of your life they<U+FFFD>ll make an effort to be in it
Apparently, high-end coffee is essential to internet companies. Google had a Clover machine, and Twitter had Sightglass. SO GOOD.
Youth cannot know how age thinks and feels. But old men are guilty if they forget what it was to be young-JK Rowling
totally. I'll sleep when I'm dead. Haha no, I have 2 finals today and 1 was at 7:30 so it was kinda pointless to try and sleep
The 6 hrs U spent trying to design it yourself instead of spending $50 on a designer = Working for $8/hr
Thoughts and prayers to everyone in the Dallas area.
@ my dads house
I had forgotten how much I LOVE until tonight. Thanks for making the drive home amazing!
a real Mexican would know that Cinco de Mayo isn't a real Mexican holiday
Interested in having be a part of your event? Let's chat. Email jen at uber dot com.
I met with JEA last week. I think its outrageous, entire policies need to be changed. Adding deposit to peoples acct
Whoa Philly is super nice and warm out right now! Hope the weather is excellent for everyone else too!
I hope you're kidding.
:O we are no longer friends ! Lmao jk (:
Do you miss me too? I miss you. :)
if we have at least 15 ppl, then it's like $4 per person. Last tweet up wasn't quite free either.
So NBC is dumping all the shows I watch on NBC? RIP 30 Rock, Community, Parks & Rec.
I like that the best. Tenacious, beautiful, smart.
It's been to long! Looking forward to seeing you!
There are couples that seem like friends and friends who seem like a couple.
thanks! hope all's well!
The Chronic is a standard in gansta rap.
I love Joshua Tree park.
Trinity Health has completed its acquisition of fiscally challenged Mercy Hospital & Medical Center ().
Nashville has addicted me to sweet tea...so did Buddy Guy
Kill me now!!!!
That awkward moment when u text someone, set your phone down and when it beeps you think, 'wonder who that is'...
I hope you feel better! Being off tomorrow is a good idea!!
Thats a first.
Good night tonight :) <3
Mark Wahlberg -- Did Someone Order Beefcake?
hey George! Thx for the mention. Hope ur well.
Rumor has it we're going to see 70's by late Tues.
The best time to grocery shop is 3pm!
Know Spanish? Want to teach Ruby (and Rails) in Argentina for a few months? Interesting opportunity emerging. email me,
ASAP! We should do dinner with & !! Good luck on the drive tomorrow... bet you'll miss Barney & co.
But where do they aim..Las Vegas and the Clubs to chase panties and hit the bar..waaaahhhh!!!
Latveria, New York with the Avengers Tower,a Spidey place & Baxter Building, Atlantis, a Cosmic area, Savage Land & the XMansion
are u gonna send ME the teddy?
Been running around and traveling.....
Good look on the follow
Did you know we are having a bake sale at on 4/14 9-12 to raise money for Stop by and support us!
Neither Obama nor Duncan has really supported second-language acquisition programs.
Real recognize real, and you don't look familiar
wear something you can run in! cause when the boys try to leave you can capture one and keep him forever lol
no problem. Glad you got it figured out.
We'll be posting details of a special discount offer early tomorrow so check back!
It's been a very busy week. Wrote an article yesterday (11-11-11) on behalf of shunned molested Catholics. Shared Info from 'Piso Christ'.
If you're Rachet and you're in Walmart, come see me; in the makeup isle
it's hard to handle the stupidity.
I hate it when I ask for the time and someone tells me its a quarter after 3. BITCH just tell me its 3:15!!!!
hahahaa yes, I just turned it. No worries! I get it a lot ! :p
Never apologize for your audition. It's time to take responsibility for not only your good auditions but your bad ones.
Working on some new songs and thinking up new ideas for photo shoots. Get ready because 2012 is #TeamOtenki's year!
John Oliver's skit on was ON POINT! Accurate depiction of the soul of America that could cut #UNESCO funding 2 "prove a point"
somedays you just wake up knowing something is going to happen today....what not a clue. Hoping for good over bad!
#twittertuesday We're dying to hear Neon Indian's Heart:Attack from Era Extrana! Can you work that out?
I'm all about spreading great stories and well written work. Unfortunately it's hard to find stuff that meet both criteria.
Don't think about what the world requires; ask yourself what makes you shine.
Bout to fall asleep I <3 arizona tea
I miss you to bro
#PeopleNeedToStop teen mom
YES! RT : Psyched, is thinking about running a campaign! cc:
White Sox's, A's are coming!!!
I am not against cupcakes for breakfast.
Hey Brian!! (Was driving when you tweeted). How have you been?
Well, the Oscars are tonight; pretty sure we're a lock for "Best Supporting Yogurt" - unless we're upset by that handsome Clooney fellow.
I hate bees. Especially the fucking ones.
Raising min. balance and overdraft fee not a great PR move --- Banks to 'get creative' on fees in '12. BofA trying was the start j.mp/syH834
Anybody who feels like they might want to give a demo at a Drupal camp or user group meeting, holler at us. We will send you goodies!
I don't know. Better than just a nose?
I love you too, dude!
how's it going? I gave updates on where I thought you were during my presentation.
As for me as well, and then there a moments of silence that are just as important for me, hope you enjoyed the music.
Tator Tots will do a business good if offered as a potato option, specially kids menu. Can't go wrong with keeping them around!
Do they still do tea?
yes sir!
I'm so sore from that intense workout yesterday
The L Woods Tap menu also promises Schlitz, cheese curds and cream puffs. Swoon! We'll definitely have to have a club mtg there.
fucking love old eddie murphy flicks!
Dear city of #Mpls, thanks for filling in the potholes on 28th ave south
#fourwordsaftersex how about another round?
One of the best online classes I've taken to date: UCSD Extension's Social Media for Editors w Erin Brenner. WOW. Overwhelmly amazed
Watch out NBA!...Celtics Big 3 are currently looking as well as they have since getting together.
we've stepped into a cruel world where everybody stands and keeps score
I been in detention for a hour nd 30mins I'm ready to go.!!!
I opened Microsoft Word today for the first time in like six months. Strange...
about 5,000 dollars missing :o
But think of how much you'll save on shipping :-)
have a great weekend!!
RT : Mike Daisey had 37 seconds of dead air when answering questions abt the Apple story. Wow.
Hi, I'm Nicholas Megalis' manager. I would love to talk to you. 216 326 0810
Unloaded the bags at the airport. Celebrating by waiting in the urgent care parking lot for them to open so I can get prescribed some meds.
Just tapped, Russian River Pliny the Elder (replaces RR Damnation) $10 growler limit 1 per person & 3 pints
i am an organ donor already. I toldz that to the DMV. Now what?
not announced yet
couldn't have said it better myself
that would suck City needs him he does so much for the club.
This is goodnight Twitter.
Yes I do but I have been involved with the charity for a few years though!
Robbery suspect caught in Nassau Co. after a police chase from an East Meadow home to Southern State Pkwy.
Nick you're awesome! I don't know Sandy, but I'm going to follow & connect with her now. You're the best :-)
28 points. just hanging out.
One of the positive things we get to do is work with others to create beautiful buildings.
Hateration goes out to every Fakers and Celtrics fans.
Telling myself it's okay that I've been eating chocolate all day because dark chocolate is "healthy"....
safe now... only reports of minor scrapes and bruises
So many! Perks of Being a Wallflower (movie later this year), LotR, V for Vendetta for a few.
can't wait until you say the same thing about Twitter
I have 44K. Blinds 4/8K. 27 players left noon mega satellite. 19 seats being awarded.
#wheniwas13 i was SOO ready to grow up!! Now i wish i could relive my childhood all over again!!
eventbrite has a WordPress plugin. Also should look at gravity forms for selling videos at WAYM
the most I can recall In the past 10 yrs or so was 2 ft and that was partially cause of drifts lol
i hear ya - they all look young to me now...
Thanks -- I'll include wmat in tweets for future shows.
Is it bash on Ian day or something? New show: 4 hours and 56 minutes
Thanks to for supporting Scotland Yard Pub (and downtown) the past couple weeks with your office parties.
When my dress goes up<<<<<
I totally agree. Thank you for this! Occupy the people that write our laws and suppose to represent us.
You are amazing :)
Today's rain entirely filled our big outdoor trash can (accidentally left open). Much more flooding around here today than after Irene!
Talent maybe subjective -- but your business accumen isn't!
Tweet " #TripleDslaughterHouse " & going to RETWEET IT
I'd try them!
Excited my bro will be #NYC. I get to show him all the dope spots
This Saturday night 8:30 pm... Booked in Oakland...gotta keep my hustles rotating ;)
Just made a little boys day (: gave him his first hug from a girl and a kiss on his cheek, he said he will never forget it,
Pumped for the date party tonight with
Whitney Houston dead...that's a shame. Did the Mayans predict that or was it just a given that the end of her world was coming in 2012?
Evaluate your desired customer base, target area, and current content to determine the words/phrase that best fit your company
sure, I guess, it's curriculum in schools, there exist things called libraries, the completely illiterate are stigmatized...
Nice to meet you, too!
Logan>Jess>Dean>Pete.
With my bestfraaaaaaaaans and Sadly just left </3
could u give me a shoutout??(:
“: "You don't need professors to tell you bland facts. You can compute all that stuff." #sxsw #compimpact” AMEN!
I hope the Heat are losing.
lol u would b a smart ass...buy all that 4 me
Random customer: "Hello, is this the Krusty Krab?" Patrick Star: "No, this is patrick" *hangs up phone*
Turn me on
Had so much fun on the morning show with Mike Shelley at WRAF today! Now, onto tackle Atlanta airport and Tampa, here I come!
the reverse bulldog into the door was it for me. I stood up and cheered.
is it June yet? i can't wait to see you!!!
What's wrong?
“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.”
Thanks for your support.
Can't believe how hot it is...I wanna die!
Accidentally gay!
She just wished loving him didn't always have to be so hard.
But I think the answer is yes as well
Goodbye Paris, we'll meet again and maybe I'll even know how to introduce myself.
gotta do it big lol
Well up and ready for work.
What to do today. Feels so good outside
3/25,anniversary of Triangle fire. Tragic proof of need for unions. Unions keep America strong and Americans free.
Stressed the hell out. Guess I need to start looking for a second job.
Need some help with tweets? I provide social media advice to nonprofits, former sorority advisor, national officer, etc.
You're welcome I hope they're inspired to spread the good news about endeavors to their peeps!
KLUSOZ BOUT TO BE CRAZY THIS THURSDAY NIGHT!! 1 COVER = COMPLIMENTARY DRINKS ALL NIGHT LONG!!! WOOHOO!!
You should! I really liked it! :)
Hi this is Douglas here, my first time on twitter and hope to meet a lot of people here.
My last tweets were a poem that I wrote.
Hey people! Vegan chicken! Hot toddys!! Duh!
excited about this. I would like to make reservations, please send information
- thanks for the link! I'm happy to have another Miyazaki film to see. :-)
just got me too good! I was about to get mad hahaha! Not funny!!!
Brought Yall Here For A Reason!!!!!
I'm flattered ;D
The absolute time warp I've stepped into at Hot Topic is HILARIOUS! Hello 1998.
do you have plans to put your talk on your website? naturally I had a meeting w a student for the 15 min. you were presenting
PyCharm just changed my life, thanks.
Congressional Elections Will Define Next Presidency - Bloomberg
Tosh all new tonight!
Mitt Romney announces he's running for prez. Speaking tomorrow in DC at the Faith & Freedom conference.
If you have had bad service, feel free to give us a call or stop in, and we will work to correct any mistake.
GA Angels <U+2764>
she didnt seem down around me this morning
WHAT A PLAY!! I BOW TO GETZ AND HOZ
Nope, Scar
el nopal on river road
You're better of that way, anyway. Trust me...
The clocks move forward tonight in Belgium. Feel a bit gipped since we already did this two + weeks ago in US.
your always beautiful
Yes, but it is not open yet?
Tripping fucking balls. That was hilarious.
Oh, come out you Black and Tans; Come out and fight me like a man.
Crossword puzzles it is.
when I'm prepared I'm less nervous. My first take is often rough, though. I'm always thankful when the CD let's me do 2!
Um, I can't pick. That's why I made an account for both of them. :DD lol
gm have y'all announced the winners of the New Edition tickets yet?
have fun on GMA rob and don't fall asleep:)
Love isn't something you find, love is something that finds you
RT Please follow . IF you love animals you would!
Ugh, it's raining & humid here
Why in the heck am I up at this hour?! My day is going to shit lol
Hey sinus pressure. It's been great having you for a week but it's bout time you packed your stuff and got on.
They are dead beat dads and unfit Mothers so they couldn't take it. Fuck Em.
yea~ why u going dere doe?
I know bro ... Hey, make the best out of it!
yup any win is enough but he was the only one takin heat.
By end of 2011 over half of Americans will have a smart phone
and semester is officially over! now time for yard work. :)
blessed Easter to all
I'll grant you 3 wishes cause I be the Genie. Niggas is assed out like fat bitches in bikinis.#RIP BIG
sign me up!
ICYMI: Sadly, there can only be one this lucky. #sorryladies RT : Lucky to be married to
Hard work means prosperity; only a fool idles away his time.
pick yr passion: Earth Day!
Interested to try ? We will be in Mtl, Feb 4/5 can get you a sample for the club
Is "sizing up the competition" a bad thing? I'm pretty sure what would say...
OH GOD! I MAY BE PREGNANT!
Are you going to be using the Aaron Sorkin West Wing Minor Female Characters playbook?
Happy #EarthDay from !
Food Network's Ted Allen lets us in his 'Kitchen' On “Chopped,” host Ted Allen lets others do the cooking. But in his new cookbook
Who needs a massage....? (That is a retorical question) ;)
We often take for granted the very things that most deserve our gratitude. - Cynthia Ozick
when are we gonna hang out?
dude you are paying them. they should be scared of you. if you dont like how they treat you find someone else! :)
I could just stay in bed all day.
Oh now I changed the radio station? Care to know more about my daily life? Haha
RT Seems to be a lot of fuckery on twitter today.
Ra plays a card that deals 2 (+4) and then attacks for 6. Dawn to 28.
Hope he likes it :)<3.
Omg!!! This kid never stops talking
I need a time machine...not to go back...just to create more.
hey how are ya?
Studying for my last final of the semester tomorrow morning. Can't wait for it to be over.
Well you cant save ALL your hitting for the 9th inning .... c'mon !
Off to Dallas today to do some team building! Yay!
RT : Feels amazing out. Chicago let's keep the violence out of the equation so our kids can play in peace.
lappy with the game winner, nucks go 3 for 3 on the s/o, great win boys
My only wish is I die real!
that's awesome! thank you! :)
SO NOT TRUE!!!! You are ana amzing person with a huge heart!!!!!!!
Just got a volunteer to make a large banner to make our event visible to street/foot traffic
Are We Acting Like A Couple im Just Trying To Get This Straight Cause im Over Here Convinced That it's Too Early For Mistakes.
*Original Content
orgasm. Ha
Hi Nicole! Thank you very much ;-) How is your night going?
our surround sound system >>>
I love the tanning bed. I just hate getting burnt!
Birthday countdown : 3 days! :))
When God made time, He made enough of it. - Celtic Saying
suggests folding your dollar bills into airplanes. Make the strippers work for it. Like air miles.
go FOLLOW HER RIGHT NOW she sure followed (:
Getting ready to crash ... Another long day filming tommorow ..
You have good taste!
Heat can get to FINALS w/o Bosh... but NO chance to win a title against OKC, SA or LAL...
Denver Nuggets are putting up a really good fight. This game is good. Should be like this until the very end.
Love Agent Holder
(Music) "How to Love ... Lil Wayne.
We love #snow!
« « #3WordsForYou I'm moving on.»»
Want to appear more authoritative at #work? gives the skinny on 10 ways you can on our feed.
one made by satan
indeed madame, indeed!
I wish the best for you managers and your artist much success to everyone Sad thing is we all can't make it to the top!! See you there <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
who's ya doctor
already shouted you out hahah<3
Several locations to sell #books around campus. #hcc as well! #USF Please RT
You know someone's stupid when they put 'Foo Fighters ft. Kurt Cobain'
don't let anyone fool you;few months from now:"Anyone would have made that decision even Jimmy Carter
Blaring classic country with the sunroof open & the windows down
Aaron didn't fallow me!
Got my Edward Sharpe & The Magnetic Zeros tix. Gona be real funky. Come get weird at the Riverside Theater
#YOLO isn't an excuse to smoke, drink, and make an dumb butt of yourself. It's to go out and do something with your life that matters.
we are here, we were long parsing :P
You know you can always hit us up with a quote request and we'll see what we can do!
Just finished practice, these kids are goin to be star footbal players in high school.
you're an asshole go get a life
To have good and clear vocals you need a good mic pre and a good mic that does make you work so hard!
Thanks for giving the Brew Crew a little Jungle Karma today. FEAR THE BEER!
low-income housing advovate Karen Paup up to call for changes in affordability terms on Green redevelopment
he has anger problems... Needs to learn how to control it
RT : "When it seems like your school doesn't care, why would you care about school?" Joshua Ham of Manual Arts H.S.
here ya go!! I added one more to ya list!!! Lol
#resume #tips Where do you send your resume? Send it to a hiring manager if at all possible, and not the HR Dept. HR gets too many resumes
back to the email grind.
Is awake on thirteen hours of sleep and LOVIN IT!!
not when you talk like that lol hahahahahahahahahaha (laughing like ur spanish teacher
Talk Dionne
what is the issue you are seeing?
WHY WAS I NOT INVITED??
It's like I'm finally awake...and you're just a beautiful mistake. <3 <3
a quarter for every DAM joke *would* be nice. FYI: the Hasbro DAM is everything you would hope it to be.
any injuries fromt the Quincy fire?
fingers are now cramping but not stopping
So sosososoo happy :)
breakfast of champions..
Watching Dumb & Dumber.. so hilarious :)
you know you're fucked when you see the girl you're supposed to do a presentation with tomorrow raging next to you at a show.
Into the ocean, end it all.
RT if making fun of someone with Dyslexia is making fun of
Just saw the "flagrant foul" on Ty chandler, cmon "King James" that's a little Bitch move Lmao
my dude wuz good
It too early for wings, but I want some.
I was a peer reviewer for the issue, so yes, I guess you could say we contributed. :-)
Bert - I tried to respond to your DM but it wont let me. Follow me and I'll get back to you! Thanks!
just had an "emergency" to clean a company's windows restore virus "my desktop icons are gone help!!!" ..they're just moved and hidden silly
Before you judge me make sure you are perfect
lmaoooooooooooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!! Muuuuuuuah!!!! My nucka! Love u so much puto. How's my girls doing? Where's nysha
whats going on with chris brown and rhianna doing new music together?
I'd kind of like to start an anonymous blog of things I overhear around my house....
its amazing that Diaz doesnt get sued for breach of contract more often.
That moment when your face lights up when someone says your crush's name.
Suicides AKA "Pukers"... great start on a Monday morning!
After heating the tile glowing red, we would drop it. In the time it took to hit floor, you could pick it up with bare fingers.
Good morning & Happy Friday!!!!
How a merger made a Dart As the first child of the 2009 marriage between Fiat S.p.A. and Chrysler Group, the 2013 Dodge Dart contains the
30 for 30 series is some of the best TV out there...it goes deeper than sports!
2012 film watching! #18. A Knight's Tale (Helgeland, 2001). Pretty dumb movie, but was fun. Good movie to just watch and turn off your head.
Off to Seattle! Haven't settled on the next job, have some good offers
branding in libraries--do we try to escape the book brand or is it hopeless?
I can dig that ;-)
out in public curse me out & make a scenary.why you got other bitches rolling their eyes at me?why text messages popping up saying hi daddy?
i know everyone nickles and dimes you its a shame
free historical novel to those abroad.Award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun Smashwords.com no money use code DZ72J
ok Who's ready for an amazing week?!!!!
are you just decluttering??
I want to fall asleep
Champs for lunch! #thefab13 and others!
Nicknames for my softball tee: Help? #TabeRuth #Heinekan't #TabstBR #Tabnanas #Who?
People don't like their picture taken. Until you show them how well you did. Don't let their attitude mess you up.
same here just spent it with the family
thank you! Will do!
Thanks. I feel pretty confident. A few questions I didn't anticipate but overall, not bad.
Im always sleepy!
218 548 0886 Code: 417091# Call now and do not miss your chance for something bigger than Starbucks!
you coppin max payne tom.? Or at all?
q2 #sschat, I like to make sure and check the links I provide out. Also to teach critical reading, to check if the information is valid.
its almost our birthday!:D
only when it comes to taking over the world w/ u!!!
it's insane how bad I want a land cruiser 70, I spent all day looking at videos and pics. too bad toyota doesn't sell them here
ran out of skips in Pandora. Wtf -.-t its not my fault I don't like more than 6 songs!
We have a new server ready - vpn-sf40 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco. It's available in your customer area now.
99% of active navy participants and recruits have a high school degree
Loving the learning and peeps at the Board Retreat so far...
Why the hell does it have to be so hot T.T
RT : BOGO 45% off MEN & WOMENS jeans at in Deal is running through Sunday! Code "Time Bomb"
Defly out here tomar I cant take it
happy mothers day to all.the strong minded women out there Yall awesome
Really enjoying Teaching (with) Video Games. Added bonus: It's like watching When Academix Attack!
Today, after much anticipation, begins my love affair with #GameOfThrones. Season 1, Episode 1. See you all in July when I'm done.
Last minute spot open for music act THIS WEDNESDAY for TV show. Email me w/links to your music if available:
If Rick Santorum wins I'm moving out of this fucked up country!!! What's wrong with people?!?!
my vote is for www.git-tower.com
I agree, it should be nice to see some more rookies getting some play best week. Newest rookie QB to start. Gabbert in Jax.
even worse--in the WC fishbowl office!
Just realized that, after moving, my bed is the only place to sit here. Might as well get under covers, surf and listen to this Broadcast LP
i love how Missouri plays
Explain to me how has 1,200 followers.
And we love our fans! October_project followed me after I tweeter about them. Freaking great. I love your music!CYsr
Is I.D. Mag. being discontinued?
Pajama Jeans = searing cultural relevance. RT I'll never forget where I was when I read that piece.
Yes! What specifically would you like to be improved?
SD hockey, baseball franchises getting new owner
RT : "Content breaks all of the economic rules."
Looking Hella gorgeous
no matter how hard life is at times always keep your head up and smile the biggest SMILE possible:D
now we know how to "decorate" your office for your next milestone. RT #packingpeanuts should be outlawed.
We're hiring for a Software Engineer in San Francisco.
Have you ever camped out at a NASCAR race?
hey! Are there any rules about strollers in the park?
I love the Jim Caldwell hire - but if any #Ravens fans start clamoring for us to sign Peyton Manning I'm gonna go ballistic.
Thanks for the shouts, guys! We appreciate it! :)
-- That's an odd response to a guy that brought you four great years of running.
Terminal 5 has just been raped by #americanapparel and #highschool I feel like I'm back at exit
Was completely sucked in. Was only going to read a few pages & ended up staying up later to read 1/2. Beautiful poetry
I just love the British lingo!
Most of your enemies come disguised as Friends
you guys fucking killed it tonight in Houston, thanks for the BEST show I had ever seen tonight.
They don't have one up here!!! I better go to Home Depot. RT hide under workbench.
all the voice lessons in the world won't help. You need autotune girl and lots and lots of reverb.
Thanks to the Cincinnati Astros for registering for in our Summer Nationals in Destin Florida today!!
Follow the Teddy Bear
Defintion of a perfect Patio Day? TODAY!! Brass Monkey West Allis Patio, Veiw of the Park..Brass Monkey Milwaukee Patio, View of the Airport
Never understood bikes without brakes. SMH.
Let's not forget CALVIN AND HOBBS!!
#UFriendZoned if she calk n tell u bout her man problems
More about the Video Conferencing Facility...www.vcube.com
"Helicarrier Bar & Grill"?
oh vintage I can back. This was a gently used diaper bag for almost what you pay new on Amazon. Do you want to sell or what? Lol
right back at ya my little cherry pie
thinks you should always proof-read carefully to see if you any words out.
wait.. Are you here???
Just downloaded the logo quiz; almost done with level 1, but i need help!:/
All these cats that are out here trying to copy me are bound to run out of toner.
try it… it looks dumb but its so amazing
follow back
YES RT I'd also like to note that Target has the cutest summer clothes right now
I wanna visit The Netherlands :3
I've challenged my mother to the fifteen tree/two hour challenge #HappyMother'sDay
We're doing off all our titles at the #ASA2011 meeting. Sign up for our email list and we'll give you a 30% discount. Booth 306!
#61-Brandon Marshall-WR-Miami Dolphins
Wahoo! A Wide Receiver!!!
TODAY! Volunteer Center of MKE will be at the City Center 1130am-1pm, 2nd floor seminar room, with info about volunteer opportunities.
Failed my world history. Well damn.
our special on her animal rights activism.
Another firm libn reports she teaches class on alternatives to Wexis.
Excited to conduct a data audit ala DCC. Also considering how incorporate the informatics in our services.
AGH!!!! The last 10 minutes to this episode of #TheWalkingDead was crazy!!! OH MY GAWD!!!!! That could've been the season finale easily!
NationStates • View topic - What is your Military equipped with?
FOLLOW and RE-TWEET THIS to enter to win the new iPad! Winner will be picked once they hit 65,000 followers.
Remain Hungry, Remain Foolish. A #quote from
Go WHITE!!!
No idea, you think it would considering it's a roadtrip movie. Original rumor.....he was suppose to come by me, but who knows.
GM I stopped watching #TheGameBET while ago. That was a dumb move. Who will watch the show next season?
A9: Spent much more time learning with staff on how digital shift was changing people’s lives and work, not just news.
#ILikeObamaCare because I can stay on my parents health insurance until I'm 26, meaning I don't have to pay out of pocket during college
We play at 8:00 Jam stage tomorrow! :D Come out and sing along with us and get down! Doors are at 5! Be there! :)
I miss yall followers!!!
alright im not good at this but please go #follow he follows back puls hes a noob :") love you best friend
If the rage comes to DC, can y'all publicize it? I want to catch a seat!
Is it okay if I call you mines for the night?
Who gives a crap? Say more funny stuff. RT in focus? montreal! say.ly/PxNfkq
This weekend is gonna rule! ;)
phone is out of commission you can reach me on here or fb until further notice hoping that apple can fix it tomorrow
They won. Did you sleep well?
Welcome, Canadian writer.
If Reds lose (two down in bottom 9, trailing by 1 right now) tonight, they're only at 16-16.
also, at some point it makes sense to play Dm7 instead of F in the verses but that's all I've done to improve the melody.
congrats #Giants, well played #Pats. But we want the real winners to be YOU! Help me beat #EricCantor so #VA #voters & friends can
www.onelonetree.org our new and improved website....thank you Whitney!
All of us could take a lesson from the weather. It pays no attention to criticism.
Let's see a 4 way playoff!
Holy shit I leave to New York in 2 days!
Join us tonight at our Balboa Park location where we'll be serving our Strawberry Shortcakes on special!
Great Work On #Careless World Album I Love It Dude U And Drizzy Are The #Last Kings Of Rap
LA supporters of Mexico pres leftist candidate Lopez Obrador are on 690AM radio now.
Greetings all from Jon... coffee just about ready here!
Let's Go Bucky! Beat 'Cuse!
Watching #romanholiday I love this movie!
you already know they are ;p lol
In antiquity, yes. Since WWI, not so much. It's a big deal among pilots and snipers. Videogames are a crucial barometer now.
Hopes Of staring into the eyes of a #Goddess #OneDayLove #SoonWeWillMeet Who Ever you are ;-)
Shouldn't you be in class? Slacker.
Going to pumpkin hollow October 7th!!!! October is the best month! :D who else is going to pumpkin hollow in October? :)
Culinary Quest: Storyteller's Cafe Dinner Buffet at Disneyland's Grand ... - DIS Unplugged
Thanks for tweet pics from and today! You're obviously having fun, and reminding me of home! :)
She Answered<3 Thank God
Sorry Chica! My boys have half day at school and taking my kitty with them was traumatizing enough! Sorry!
Hot can't wait to see the video. Nov27th perform on our nation wide streaming event more info dm us
P<U+2665>M
RT :pick me up some popcorn!!! < I'll pick you up a frank, I went to New York
shouts out to #GNATION I make hip hop club and R&B,
Maybe the Philly fans that brought their brooms can do something good with them like sweep their shitty streets on their way home.
......operate outside their senses.....
UNDERSTORY!! Are you getting ready??? We have team leaders for Buffalo, Rochester, Syracuse and Albany! August 17 at NOON!!
1997 Honda Accord. Runs Rough, $799.
lol I actually did!
thanks for the current royalty distribution !
That happened to me before!
yes! You guys deserve it!
thanks for mention
had me thinking I was at a data conference for a sec. Great metrics and integration between search, social, & ads
Bat signal! U2 Zoo live at Bar Louie Water St. Right Now!!!!!!
Let the rain wash away all the pain of ystrday & tho my kingdom awaits & im forgiven my mistakes im comin home tell the world im comin home.
lol I just googled them and I found it :)
.BLASTS PETERS BUTT. WHAT NOW FATHER GOT NO AS
Made reservations at Medieval Times for 5pm. Printed out tickets that say we should have been there by 4pm. WTF?!?
Just being me ;-) RT introduced my kids to FB Day off and they love it! 'Ferris Bueller, you're my hero'
we'll do our handshake in lunch.Okay:DD
Any Bay Area trips on tap for the 2013 titans ? Davis and Pacific don't count
Aw, it's a spambot I see. Come here, spambot. See this button? No....here.....BLAMMO!!
BOO! Guess I will have to survive w/o you. Needing to be centered ASAP. Sweat it all out!
#nameafolloweryousmashed Avon kids would actually be stupid enough to say the person they smashed
Hello there Angelica! How Chicago life?
extremely loud
Agreed - SDSU murdered their hoops program RT Whatch how quickly SDSU basketball becomes second tier and WCC not an option for BSU
Nice Work If You Can Get It
I don't think we can be friends anymore? hahah
Love it! " - is now following me!! That gives me so much motivation, I think I'll go run a few miles!"
Great News!
's United Center show - check, #ESMToledo - check...next up Puerto Rico! What a great week!
Thanks so much for the shout outs!
Heading to the Red Palace for Super Art Fight tonight with DC Burlesque...
how are things going Beau?! Can I just say I'm ready to see your photos on magazine covers!
- let the Messiah down?
Machine gun leaders course then training day 2. Better then the last
I prefer to buy my products knowing no one died in the process of making it. Of course I'd pay more for an iPhone/iPad!
Just bustin' yer chops! Love ya Carl & Sal! “: Sitting inside the car and tweeting...while I filled up my beast. 1 t
Going back to sleep
Master mind the team is in place and the product is showing up, making moves and building
You tried out recently launched yet?
Guess I should be in the city bathroom building business! Sounds pricey. Am curious & will come to a meeting to learn more.
Excited for rehearsal tonight with the Trio!
Wedding planning is so exciting!!
NOW: "Mo Betta Blues".
ok then my nigga thanks in fact would love to hear u on a black vodka remix from
Lol when a kid gets kicked out of biology for passing gas hahaha
At last, I've sufficiently detoxed from Mexico to break open the Cazadores Añejo.
My 11 year old car gets an average of 745,920 rods per hogshead with highway driving.
Headed to the
Well... Maybe Pop was listening to all you Spurs fans. Duncan and Splitter in the starting lineup.
“: followback please?”- followed. :)
Would love to! what would you like to know?
If they are in right direction, I let them go. If they are misguided, I may show examples...
no problem big bro :)
-Still ecstatic. Never disregard #thelittlethings or #thepowerofmusic. So grateful to have met you->Meredith, Orion, Sal, Chuck, Fred, Evan.
Tiki just brought me a (catnip) mouse. I wasn't aware that I was adopting another cat.
Might pull out of this office- landlord is haggling with us about painting and various other things that should've already been fixed.
"A Fine Romance" by the most famous dance team in motion picture ever, Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers!... fb.me/1eB2BAhgg
Feliz Cinco de Mayo mi amigos!!
Thank you to the NPC, LAC, section planners, speakers. MLA HQ, and members for such a wonderful meeting.
My most frequently contacted contacts in my phone. My husband and Hopworks Brewery. That is normal right?
Never Again Tho
Yum!! I love the roasted mate with our new bourbon rooibus!
Keep count! Try out a calorie counter like myfitnesspal. Keep yourself on track and stay in your target caloric zones!
did you ask your grandma?
Welcome to #Indy, Andrew Luck! If you need a Realtor...
RT I removed my windshield wipers and now I don't get parking tickets. Suck it.
its an article on another side of the story, not my opinion and just because the NEWS says its true, doesn't mean shit
TAG goes to Batangas City | TAG
Thank you so much for the RT! It definitely is important information
OK People Line Up For The Thrill Ride Of Your LIFE!!!
The problem: I had to get a desk job at the age of 40 to realize that I don't know what I want to do when I grow up.
The only really good band going is the Wanted tbh
sometimes you gotta do what's best for America and not uncle Ed. Ron Paul!
check it : Join at Barnes & Noble at Crocker Park from Noon-2pm today. She has Daughtry tix!
Oh, that's another point. Have they played since Diaw joined the team?
RT : Partly Cloudy and 80 F at New York, La Guardia Airport, NY Winds are South at 17.3 MPH (15 KT). The pressure is...
wisdom teeth all gone and can't feel my face. My lip kinda looks like i got into a bar fight
When it rains, I don't mind being lonely, I cry right along with the sky.
currently undergoing construction in the pool area. Work done 10 business days.
that's very true
I'd love to see a demo!
13 more to go! Remember 300th follower gets a free drink (limit 10$) comped by owner 21+ only please.
Smith publicly thanks Luke Fickell and his staff for leading the team and his staff this season.
Its sad shes getting old :(
What if the one specific need I have involves an 05 Saturn & you as the driver? Then what Robert?! =) What happened to your car?
Yelping dentists is completely eye-opening and terrifying. Poor people trying to get clean teeth!
Ah crap...“: Ok - I have a list of 6-7 Podcasts to listen to. The real question is where is the funny one? I want a laugh”
email-able giftcards---for the last minute mother's day shoppers! <3
An hour and only 2.5 incomplete pages of French workbook are done. ;_;
Watched in person for 2nd time in person last night. Where was the passion? Bedeviled by Jersey?
The CATS get it done again! On to the SHIP! One more game and banner number 8 will be hanging from the rafters! C-A-T-S CATS CATS CATS!
On days like today-hail, thunderstorms, and tornado warnings-online learning is more valuable than ever.
watching liza minelli tell stories about her life, her parents, old movies and old movie stars on 's "private screenings." love it!
sup...hours later
Started following yesterday. Now I'm afraid to go outside.
I'm here!
Thank you what's the word....
Congrats to RG3 for the Heisman! Honey badger will be back next year
. Ah! what a difference a majority of women make. This week much saner, civil discussion
smh ppl. wild'n out these days , dgaf .
This sounds so refreshing!
In speech excerpts released early, the president will say that by the end of 2014 the Afghans will be fully responsible for their security
WOW! What a COMPLIMENT! Thanks, honey! Being listed alongside is such an honor b/c she always throws DOWN!
Just arrived, 30 cases of 6 pk cans of Churchkey. I believe it will all sell out by Monday, so grab yours while you can.
"It is very true, that the way you think creates reality for yourself." -Oprah Winfrey
Come on Its She does what she wants. Shes most unpretentious person ever She is being herself WE ALL should be doing it!.
... show your character, not your ass.
Wad Up....gotta go c my punk ass P.O. 2day!!itz a lot of wasted time & energy fuckin wit da law!!
OMG like I'm totally gonna look like a PATHETIC GDI wearing my Maryland basketball jersey around campus today!!!!!! LOL!!!!!!!
Ulta is the Walmart of Beauty. Sephora is the Saks Fifth. -drops tea cup and walks away-
Today will be a better day...I'm trying to stay positive and pray for the best
Our rental car is a 2012 grand caravan while our 2004 caravan is gettin fixed. this thing has more buttons than an all in one remote
it's all good. nothing wrong with a little back and forth. people got opinions. too bad 's are always wrong, tho
now all we have to do is know how to spot opportunities! thanks for sharing! :)
I'm through with the bs
Ug. That's near where I grew up. At least the pit bull ban didn't make it through.
Dude I love the lunchables nachos.
yes!! Stay in school :) my bad...
I promise I'll do better!
Glad the sun has come out in NYC now that the weekend is over. Got a lot of reading done.
you can't make everyone happy
.!!|.| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Can't wait for the Trees of Legacy Auction tonight !Come join and bid on our tree! Proceeds benefit the JLP!
You are awesome! How has life been?
There are absolutely no worldly circumstances under which you can't or shouldn't be making the very best of things. - Mike Dooley
I like the idea of a Kamara-Bunbury-Sapong front line...
Hollins of Fame.
haha yeah i got it sorry got no credit im waiting for the other sim to come through so i can change :) x
Watch new jersey drive
you know that chick or dude or...whatever you want to call it that's been hating on you? Well, they getting on my nerves!!!
kill me, kill me now
I just wanna ride in my whip with the top down
where are you staying??
Our blogs feed directly into the social site so you can see all of the videos & politick with 'ohana" from around the world!
AIDS obliges people to think of sex as having possibly the direst consequences: suicide. Or murder.
Great to hear! First #car2go experience today. Got me out of a pinch when I left my keys in the wife's car. So glad I signed up
guess it depends on your point of view. Some ppl wanted redev to end, others not. Same with changes to
#bri now its my wallpaper (':
I'm just having a bad day.
yeah man stay cool
Just gotten told I'm going to sing at a party with 200+ that is the largest crowd I've sang for ;DD what should I sing!
Might as well share, might as while smile, life goes on for a little bitty while
I thought Brodus Clay had a "feud"? Why do they keep tossing jobbers at him every other week... It's getting old now.
Still awaiting final details from the facility. We'll post the second we confirm a date.
throwing up?! are you very sickly or just a stomach bug?
Great CD, glad to see you still grinding bra....
its true, after the 30 that's when people want to start working out and getting slim again
How's Isabella going? You sleeping at all? :)
About this time next month, Rawhide Ranch summer camp will be in session! We can't wait! Can you?
ehhh never mind. my friend left. I guess that gives me time to make my review.
Are there any demos, goofy things we did for the internet, or live gems, that you think would be good to give away to our mailing list?
I'm hanging my head in shame.
How conflicted are UT alums who are Mavs fans right about now? #Durant does it again
"My Hearts A Stereo It Beats For Youhh So Listen Close" - Stereo Hearts<3
and great to hear! some funding opened up so I think I'll probably join early as well.
“Sometimes people are beautiful. Not in looks. Not in what they say. Just in what they are.” <U+2015> Markus Zusak
Boom. Sweet.
Yeah it's a good thing the #NFL wants to do away with kick returns.
we can add a #getjiggywidit (; lmao
i was just saying hi :(
This is to that beautiful girl that will never leave my mind :)
Not realizing somebody texted you back <
that was fast. for what?
BOOM! You just did.
looking forward to long sleeve shirts, sweatshirts & jackets in a few months...
RT Just a heads up that if u r heading 2 & in NY, has some awesome flight deals now!
On a scale of 1 to dead puppy, how sad is it that I just left Whole Foods with only a bottle of wine and lilacs?
“: Congrats! They look tres chic!”
tomorrow's pie day. ha
Thanks for following! :) So many exciting things in store, we are excited to start spreading the word...
Thanks for the follow, sweets!!!
Congrats to Bradie Ewing on being drafted by the Dirty Birds. Great to see former walk on get this chance
Take a hint please.
YUM, that sounds fantastic. We're big fans of your sauce!
Today feels like a Monday, even though it's Wednesday. Stupid training classes have be all jumbled up.
well thats a better start to the #Brewers game than yesterday.
Thanks for getting back w/me. I gave ur number to Jenifer Jordan. She is covering the story today. :)
Why do girls want sex on their monthly wtf dude. That sounds painful
Why is it that you never find something you have lost until you have replaced it?
I hate working with a chick I've fucked, then fucked over... It's always an awkward moment!
Did you get a chance?!
We prefer the Double Sliding Window XOX over the Sliding Window. You can also get this window with a bronze or grey tint......
Had a lovely dinner catching up with to fabulous ladies! and Denise! Can't wait for my lemon raspberry cheesecake!!
I have been pretty happy with Comcast. I do not get the highest speed they offer, but always have pretty good speed and service.
wonders if anyone else has ever noticed that the word bed actually looks like..a bed..(do you see it or is it just me?)
Talking don't get nobody no where..taking matters to my own hands. Goodnight.
Congrats to Jim Boheim on win
I didn't really mean to outline a play in my head but...there you go.
Thanks for the follow!! I am a huge fan of MadMag and love coming along to events as an extra volunteer or ' date!
yep -- how about this stat: AOL took 9y to reach 1million users, Facebook took 9months, Draw Something took 9 days!
Callback and audition on a Saturday. Bring. It. On.
LETS GO BRUINS!!!!
RT : Brown Univ has joined - a free and secure global wireless access service for the research & education community
Walked home along Lafayette tonight and saw SEVEN piles of glass from broken car windows. Stuff like this challenges my faith in
#smmbooklaunch @ Jennifer Abernethy's book launch in USA Today bldg
QoTD: "There are no shortcuts to any place worth going." (Beverly Sills)
lol imma smack her if she does =p
2 years, i'll be on #survivor, 2 years
Our artist lineup is growing everyday check out the new artists with Poised Creation.
If I felt it was the right thing to do, I was for it regardless of the possible outcome. Golda Meir
The return of Wendy & Ryan spinnin' Records @ Circle A! TONIGHT- FREE! @ Circle A- 932 E. Chambers St.
The humility of it all is indescribable and that is exactly my point.
Text msg received at 2:24 AM: At his house. Smells like old, dirty man feet. Need a parachute. Please help.
Having pizza. Alway's better after you take a nappy.
Sick in bed with a cold but very cozy with my cup of tea :) Love lazy sundays ;)
Just realized Finn is missing... but we found him
you better be locked in. Hopefully I can get wifi to live tweet/ discuss the ongoing pandemonium.
JAYMEDEE!!! Cannot wait for tomorrow night. :D
comes on baby!
: Hope your having a great day.
trust me when you're makin more money it'll all be worth it.
Looking at Basketball Wives.. get it !!! :-)
I DO NOT UNDERSTAND HOW THESE GOALS ARE NOT GOING IN. QUICK...YOU HAVE A MAGNETIC FORCE ISTG.
We're not doing a great job of blocking out. But Young did attack nicely.
I have no idea Laura. I think I was trying to reply to someone else.
Big Mystery! Neighbors in Clintonville Wis. are frightened after a serious of mystery booms shake their homes. Todd Hicks WTMJ4 Milwaukee
I still hate the term Black Friday with a passion, and I'm Thankful that I don't have to hear it until next year!
Hold that thought
welcome to yoga RT : Just done yoga for the first time
hah! I just tweeted the same question. Is Richardson worth that much more than Blackmon?
Ready for a great day of site visits in #Dallas!
#amia11 "if I lived in LA I'd be selling comic books and not starting SXSW in Austin" - Louis Black
Like to collaborize between my two History classes,too. They blog together on my sharepoint site.
didn't get the email.
oh is that right?
nobody cares :/
with that said its time to lay it down cuz i had a long day and same for tomorrow
Mfucka lyk me got bed times... All at the same tyme a mfucka lyk me break the rules lol jk im too mfn old for a bed tyme
Best Burt line EVER. To Kurt: "...and you dress like you own a magic chocolate factory."
Thanks a lot, Jen!!!
G0DeeJay let alone if I call you in the middle of the night lol
Miss you wishes hope your forever home is all it should be. Love you
Let's eat!
That is a real player and uecker didn't make that up.
Same with people that were cool in high school lol
Hopefully you are much happier now than in your teenage days! :-)
what happened?
half mast is too high, show some dang respect.
A one way ticket to unfollowing would be any #Sabres fan who wants to get Alex Semin
thing is if bobby gets fired Malzhan goes to Fayetteville... Must not be too much goin on there if he's willing to leave
MT “: #Devils & #Flyers game is the 20th OT game of 58 total games in the #NHLPlayoffs. 13/19 games won by away team."
I get to be Sarah Palin again this week! :D
#Hairspray was awesome! I love you guys & we did had an amazing performance tonight!! <U+2764><U+2764>
Is it Friday yet?? So ready
My theory is that if you look confident you can pull off anything, even if you have no clue what you're doing. ~ Jessica Alba
Excited to be at the #lodlam meeting co-hosted by and NYU - folks are settling in for morning of data talk.
I feel like most of the talk was critical of her piece, but then again I surround myself by a pretty insular crowd in DC
Las Vegas, good morning. and I are moving to Vegas. You have fun until we get there :)
Tonight is "Wine, Rhythm and Craft" Craft Show. The Show is open til 8:30 pm Fun way to enjoy
: when thinking mcommerce, start with Apple and Android - fastest growing smartphone use. Understand users.
I am nervous/excited - but i have
x.x
must be the one I dropped earlier... can you send it back, thanks
*That weird tongue noise* UGH I have Anderson and might not have time. I need it before his class
Time to sleep but to lazy to turn the tv off :)
everything except exquire. main attrakz is okay.
Arguments on "motion" to dis/miss are over. Judge consulting notes.
hha angel shall be warned !
I hate brunch and people that eat brunch
I have tickets to the 1st show:)
Is having a double rainbow day...
You know who probably has the biggest grin on his face right about now? Derek Fisher.
yeah i'm bad. i throw it in my bag and skim+read piecemeal, then recycle it when the new issue arrives - usually don't finish.
Pampering myself <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A3>...S/o to for always coming through with the nail colors though! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Hell yes. We were born for (and will probably die in) this literary death match!
could you please follow me I LOVE U SO MUCH!! <3
RT : #Rockies are the bee's knees.
I'm up dis early
FUCKen aye man!!!!!
Need a knee brace, asap.
You will only understand why Dick Drizzle is trending if you're a Directioner!!...or watched SNL
we hit 1600! say you are a facebook friend and get 16% off your purchase this week! thank you! thank you! thank you! xo
Are you still on the Sleeve Queen? hah
Visit us at ALA Convention booth #2401 or online at www.neal-schuman.com to receive a 20% discount on all items! Use coupon code ALA10A.
you tha man!
RIP Amy Tryon. The world lost a great one.
we've reached the point in the night where french is fun, diet coke is being consumed and coltrane is playing.
“ The greatest learning for me usually happens in times of distress, pain, suffering.”
At my age the bones are water in the morning until food is given them.
It's 10am on Monday morning and #NASCAR is cranking the engines !!!!
Anyone know where I can get a copy of CharDee MacDennis? Looks like an amazing board game.
i don't wanna die mann!
Wow, what a finish for USC-Stanford! Great college football!
you're welcome lovely! Thanks for all the snaps:)
thanks bro, y'all too!!
Hi Jack. You know I love OurCity San Diego. And am ready to write for you again. Keep me posted.
JUST ME
Flexing flexing flexing oh my gawd I'm
Come on...all electric cars are a joke! It's just stupid! Greenie Liberal Crap!
I will give him the message , although there's a very slim chance he might not know how that works quite yet.
iPhone data?
good luck at the doc today Deb ;-)
This week's NCAA contests are posted! Is there a contest you'd like to play but don't see? Let us know - we'll make it!
RETWEET There's still time to get down here we march at 4pm
Check Your Head was one of the first CDs I ever bought. I'm totally bummed. RIP MCA
happy valentines day! Hope you had a good one! Oh and you like my user name?! I changed it for you! <21
what if you do..? I would go to your house when your sleeping, put you in a bag, go to a bridge&hang you from your neck:)
I got my own gig and they were like BEEP BEEP BEEP because my alarm went off
Rookie afraid of his fastball. RT #Brewers looking ugly on soft stuff down.
Get Money
Joan you're on Twitter?! How exciting! Happy Mothers Day!!
Jennifer did well. is that it though? just asking.
I ordered a few things and an hitting Target at 8 am to get the trench coat that was sold out.
Believes needs to open a beard themed casino on the Vegas Strip.
why did you take it out?
RT if u sleep
Getting some ink done today. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
New Orleans till 15; next shooting for 3 days on Times Square & then I'll say: That's a WRAP on Empire State! [& I'm ready 4 Spring B] <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Go football!!!!
she was airlifted to a larger hospital today and is stabilized hope to know more soon.Thx for asking & thx more for the prayers.
I love almond milk on my cereal! Not a big fan if it by itself though lol
Glenmont Shopping Center *really* needs to repaint the lines in the parking lot. They are just about gone.
And just like that **snaps fingers** becomes the most annoying tweeter in the twitterverse.
Boxing: 12 Rounds with Multiple Sclerosis
my heart not broke! But I'm going to temporarily shut it down! Can u pleas fix that!
Jermaine O'Neal's contract (23M) is higher than his SHOOTING PERCENTAGE (20.4) for the series! That's not easy to do...
Looking forward to week 3 entries in the info radiator challenge at
Next time, try blasting a bit of Beethoven at 'em! :)
I have a 2012 VW Jetta, I love it. We had 4 older cars that we traded in to get a car for me & a car for my parents.
he a thug now.
yu did not take a pic of me asleep
RT ": Everybody wants to go to heaven; but nobody wants to die. #teamfollowback"
Lake Bluff is offering a one bedroom, one bath condo for as low as $211,900! Offer ends 4/30/10. Hurry! 414-273-2300 www.lakebluffcondos.com
congrats Aaron! Hope you're well.
My record player may be my favorite thing in the world.
RT : That Spurs 2nd team > bottom half of the Eastern conference.
I miss you so much , RIP Abuela Teresa <3
lmao...DAMN! Is all I can say about that perfume.
we got you.
the main character is very engaging. and the story itself is gripping.
Appreciate the RT's!
Now-Valentine's Day... Mention this add, and receive 10 UV Sessions for the price of 5 - !! This is a HUGE savings, just for our followers!!
Mother's Day is Coming! Make your reservation—303-226-1555 for our amazing All-You-Can-Eat Brunch Buffett at Tavern Lowry, Tech Center,...
ONLY HAVE A FEW TICKETS LEFT TO GIVE AWAY EMAIL ME IS YOU WANT A TICKET.
How remembered my name. :')
I suspect/fear/concede that the answer to "Do we need blogs on this?" is always yes.
What about handing out ear plugs to those who want complete silence? I've seen that at academic libraries before.
Get da fuck outta here wit dat lame game duck...U get no play action frm me wit dat shit…point_.
me and is on that neck yo!!!
I Would Be The Happiest Guy On Earth If Decided To Follow Me Someday I Would Literally Cry Tears Of Joy, You Are #Amazing :)
Got some PUMPIN' in the gov mansion today yall! I think me singing MY MARIIIIIIIIIIIIIAAA makes my staff nervous
My Italian teacher: You guys are all superficial!
Yeah, it does that sometimes. Thanks though!
Booker: We have under-estimated our children"s genius
Contact us for the special #discount code at
I would do anything to be able to play the SCOOP series on Pokerstars.
There is too much work going on for this to be Spring Break.
I'm about to fall asleep any minute.
Hey CMU, are Passion Pit and still playing outside tonight? What's the deal?,
Done with training for today but got no car so kickin it old school n playing Xbox ;)
Whaat?? You should come anyway! will all be there! Isn't coming too?!
What a day in athletics for #GOLDENBULLNATION Pioneer Bowl Champions and victories for both Lady Golden Bulls and the Golden Bulls!!
Haven't you heard? I'm not qualified to work there anymore.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle A thin line between Love n Hate
DAMN YOU WHITE SOX
End #GuessAnumber! Last guesses from: And....
did you get the tickets?
Great ministry meetings this morning with some of our team members. Can't wait to see what God is going to do through them!
except u missed me.
Car shopping(: I want to be 16.
Just mixed blueberry cheesecake and baked apple pie bars in my warmer. It smells so good!!!
Right on! What a loser.
thanks Otis! Great to see you and Joni & a huge congrats to community's choice for Next Tech Titan!
Only two summer dew tour stops this year..smh:/
no nibbles!
The menu for tonight looks amazing!
": While I tweet with you - I am watching Season 4 of "Curb" What a Show.. I can't ever get enough!!!" My shit
I love they are so awesome!!
I know, not hung up on numbers but quality. Hate those who follow then unfollow. Glad for those who stay true & inspire!
Or a movement like that to help the poor, homeless, and Veitnam vets in our country. Again, think of the possibilities.
im digging the profile pic
it's pretty quiet where I'm sitting, too.
hahaha Caps...too predictable
when do u start work
ghost protocol imax worth dhamaka
Hey Jacob. You have a great sound! Enjoyed listening! - Janice
Don't move Trying to take portrait of all 6 billion of world's citizens MISSING: P Chang,S Chbihi,M Lopez,F Steiner,
Lawyers have a dangerous job in Iran.
Beware what you set your heart upon, for it surely shall be yours. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
OK, beginning to understand some of whole Python decorators - will probably use them to sandwich functions between repetitive tasks.
Adapting to ones evironment, or the demands of a situation, is essential for a successful outcome.
Not sure I'd want to try a chicken wing cupcake.
Good luck!!
` ha ha i got me a valentine (: <3
Having said that, I love Annie, Abed and Troy and they keep me watching
appreciate the mention. How are you Rod?
Excited to attend the launch tomorrow with !
Yes he is. Lol
i ate so much spaghetti someone kill me now
I just made a blog called urban poemz....submit now if u want to b heard
if there is one thing i regret is not being able to go see in hairspray... i will always regret that </3 :(
Can't stand that Front Row Amy is a mini-celebrity. Her groupies are even worse.
Jussi Parikka on A Public Philosophy for Microtemporality: Engineering Network Politics.
it's kinda bad. weve participated in t-shirtforums for years and i looked at screenprinters yesterday and its bad, real ...
If anyone is in need of one Yankee stadium ticket, let me know.
Elvis Presley and Shammi Kapoor. Same person?
“Throw up into your typewriter every morning. Clean up every noon.” <U+2015> Raymond Chandler
I'm going to fail this quiz in talas... -____-
Sorry for all of the ?s. If they are going in order of the language of the bill, Rep Johnson's amendment should go today
Been designing like a madman of late but it seems that I have hit a media wall. I need to master other design tools to present my ideas...
They thought that would help him more than paxil. Yes he is back to normal. I aint gonna let them do that again. It was scary. hehe
Writing speech for press conference on Mon. re: new allergy-related school legislature. Stay tuned! Could be great news for #foodallergy!
Need sleep. #Mondays blow
Be happy ... that's your assignment today.
San Carlos Area Council News
what about Boston Rob talking somebody else into not eating the meat, taking the penalty and staying in??
welcome to KC. Glory Man Utd!!
Thanks Adam!
I loved seeing you were part of the Eric Carle party too!!!!
Just had someone knock on my door to try to explain why god has punished us with earthquakes and tsunamis...oy
Wait, what? RT I just ousted as the mayor of on !
Things will be better tomorrow! Computers have a mind of their own!! Hope 2 see u soon!
lately, I've been hard to reach.
Hey! I have the camper too! haha
thanks for this!
his lack of a chin is very distressing
i will watch tonight!!
Watching #TheVoice don't like this whole coach saving thing.
I couldn't I was doing jury duty .-.
#BostonGirls don't care about cobblestone and snow, we got these heels on Newbury St, Bitch!
just kidding
We've gone from no one watching the Knicks to Twitter play by play. Well done Donnie Walsh.
A plan is a list of things that never happen.
I'll continue to live my life this way: "We don't stop playing because we grow old; We grow old because we stop playing."-George B. Shaw
Love Maslow and Herzberg - my idols.
dress normal so that on tuesday VALENTINES DAY you can get all spiffyd up lol
how are u and lil chunky butt!!!
HA! RT When I take a poll 2 get on wifi at the airport I'm suddenly an 18-24 yr old female w/ a PhD in the market to buy a laptop.
Gr8 day learning more about Dian Fossey #Gorilla Fund w 2 key folks Clare Richardson and Dr. Tara Stoinski: impressive work!
you have to get me dolled up now.lol
alright when I get a moment will do, and ill send out you out my next update
Not trying to impress you or anything but... I shower naked ;)
exciting panel art history and digital humanities
I'm VERY willing to bet that Russell Wilson becomes better pro than BO... and was a better value too.
Have good Spring Break, kiddos. After break it's a race to the finish. Over break keep your eye on the Sup. Ct and also the GOP primaries!
Thanks for the RT!
Lawyers need to see the possibility of selling legal services ethically. Selling is persuasion, persistence, competitiviness, organization
Thanks, friends at for sharing poetry bookmarks at the museum and celebrating local kids through their poems. You rock!...
haha nice! That's awesome. Maybe I'll get a dog and name it Drama. Or turtle? Dunno yet I'll think of something.
i am and always will be an awkward soul.
Sad if it is!!
One month from today #sasf11 will be over-red-rover. Just four ports to go!
"Whats love got to do with it? I get a lil taste then Im through with it, then i send her right back to you wit it."
Big show tomorrow at the BACKBOOTH in orlando! Doors at 8pm. 5 dollar admission! Lets do it big!
hanging out at the 'Safe...nice. I'd be careful about the dude on the left-jk BGoode is a cool cat.
Wishing I was back in Ottawa this week; we have cold temps, but no snow in DC
Tweeties I have a question : how do u know if the mixed signals ur getting means they not sure or on bullshit????
Good foul. Henson.
That awkward moment when you get an alert that your laptop is gonna die and you run as fast as possible to get your charger.
How you gunna pull me down if you can't reach me.
Some shit on my mind I think too much, the future the past and such.
I miss my girlfriend
Funny too, that we associate noodles with Italy and rice with Japan.
The same.
Smart, slinky, seriously seductive... I love snakes. Come to think of it, so did that oh-so-original sinner.
- just finished up listening to the A-Team theme song. I feel that I can conquer anything now.
I'm not black, I am my own race!!!!!
are you on crack?
I get that the web is dynamic, but so many sites I use have redesigned lately that I feel like I have to relearn too many at once
LeBron drives me nuts but you have to respect the performance last night vs the Nets. Now if he can only channel that into the playoffs.
well here's the new feud!!!
your book while on vacation......loved it!
stereo hearts are for people who can't appreciate the deafening sound of silence.
working on projects before grad school starts back up in a week.
Remember when I said that I didn't want to be attached after that night? Well I lied. Now, I feel like an idiot.
I wonder if the years have made me any stronger ... or if I'm just better at indulging my weaknesses
Reading "Onward" by the CEO of Starbucks - really interesting book! They put so much thought into their brand. I wish everyone did.
We talked about you...and your ability to walk and chew gum at the same time.
the tea party right wing ideology has destroyed the GOP. Perhaps Romney or a Reagan moderate would have otherwise stood a chance.
#contests coming up win #free #art #vacations in
Time for a hair cut
Dance is an art, paint your dream and follow it. - Steven Thompson
I got this drink in my cup
When you cuddle me first.
Nawl Im Not u Never hit up : ))
Oh c'mon, I'm witty! But not if you put me on the spot . RT “: I miss your alter ego. He was witty. Be wittier. Love you!”
I pledge I will accept myself & others, recognize our shared humanity & respect our unique voices.Pls pledge w us. Pls RT.
What to do on a Friday night? Hm... Let's take a look at www.shastic.com #events! have you posted yours?
Won't get a seat at that table no matter RT if they get this playoff thing in place, can we just revert back to an 8 team MWC?
says Oh no, not another learning experience!
BREAKING: 2 students shot at #Chardon H.S. this morning in critical condition. 1 other died.
<U+02DD>it's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see."
Yeah, go follow gofuckingnuts, his images are AMAZING even if he took them from other people ;p
#Brookline Apartments are renting quick but the pricing isn't bad. Just rented a Babcock Street 1 bed for $1450 with Heat included.
Just got busted on one of those times when I think I'm being funny but I'm really being as asshole. Happy Monday!
My mom is so annoying...
Laser tag facility re-opening; Signs of an improving economy - SCNow
Let's just say I hurt my back. It involved a chair & sitting in it. Lol. (My back is NUMB!) x
-- Thank you so much for joining us today at our Hamilton Co Leadership Luncheon.
Definitely in spirit!
Writing my first creative brief in a while. Forgot how fun it is to be on the client side instead of the creative.
TONIGHT on SINGLE CHEF - Mom's Swedish Meatballs. I'm using Mom's quick & tasty recipe & going Vegetarian for a change! www.theroomlive.com
I painted my nails with Lincoln Park After Dark and thought of you... Love this color!
Happy feeling of heading to lunch with empty inboxes. Dreading returning from lunch to full inboxes.
I got a professionally designed workout plan for New Year's! Time to put that gym membership to good use.
Then your title is simple, "HBIC, Chief Ninja".
bro that convo we had earlier had me thinkin. Were gonna make it. Lets have fun. Do what we do. And forget haterz.. #wing$up!
oh ok.
I swear I'm not avoiding you on purpose (this time)
BigBrother Amplified is officially over, what else is there to watch?, Discovery Channel!
Got to love those people profiting from Swine already!
please don't forget journals! LOL!
you can never go wrong with great BBQ!
True enough. Bldg a portal & wondering abt what users prefer--browse site list? search box?(prob. combo of both)
"Turbulence is inevitable, but misery is optional" - Howard Putnam
150!? Oh dear I better get going on my training! It will be my frist marathon!
I hate my brothers friends. It's not even funny.
Why is it cold?! It's May!!!
What a dummy
Tavern on the Hill? What time?!!? i kind of want to start early but i'll be out all night
Apple store replacement iPhone has caused me to loose all my contacts... they are suppose to be on my icloud, but they aren't.
Hey, you do digital comma for the foreign office? I used to do the same at the State Dept. Did you work with Stephen Hale?
Karma is a bitch now isn't it? #WellThatIsWhatYouAlwaysSaidIsntIt?
"Do they have McDonald's in Africa?"
Wow my mom just disowned me..i gotta find somewhere to live... :/
not much, just watching t.v. Wbu luv? :)
true true, I think I just made the same noise you did when I ripped through it haha
I aint part of your SYSTEM!!!!!!
I miss being 21 :(
I have never experienced an immediate need for the Wall Street Journal.
we miss keith ;-)
whoops. they said new guy and I assumed it was you. my mistake.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. - William Shakespeare
So i def asked someone special on a date tonight. Sorry i fell for mr. Wonderful...
wait, was is this??
On this beautiful day I get to go work on my day off. This better be worth it!
I just almost got run over by a man in an electric scooter. I hate the fucking holidays!
What tech products and gadgets keep you running? What can't you (or don't want to) live without?
Wondering... Any chance we ever see a Portland Timbers Womens team?
- w/ all due respect Latinos need brain surgery if they are going to support him again.
Cuddling with my little Khloe dog :)
Lob city 3 more points what a games crazy
didn't u tell me u over fed them or something?
Why the yucky weather....yuck! Lol! :)
ooh, that brioche looks amazing!
Great seeing you @ #AllNatural w/ !!!
where are we partying this year for Sema?
Sometimes I feel like falling </3 is my only option
im well mis u when we fina partty
How come Chris Anderson isn't a thing anymore?
<---Singing with Prince "Do Me Baby!" ~ok it's off key
"Pookie Obama," every family has one! Coming this spring.
“: Mariano Rivera has a torn ACL. Excuse me, while I go walk into oncoming traffic.” gotta be fucking kidding me.
Love you
I am that. You are that. We are that. That is us.
Tell your friends about DeadPro!
is sad to hear of the passing of Levon Helm. I guess the load is off him.
That makes sense that it doesn't make sense.
What's happening at the Capitol? Find out on
On thaa Phone w/ my Niqqa C-Rod !
Last Call For Rum and Cock
RT "I would carry some cat toys in a #JasonWuforTarget #Milu tote."
tbs announcer just used your line: these aren't your parents
Yikes! RT : Perhaps the most interesting of the political posters created by Coronado students and displayed at the
Can't seem to shake this cold.
Almost every story I'm putting in this morning's roundup is making me WTF.
she's not a classy one, our truck. I don't think I approve.
Sadly I'm afraid this will be the closest Zachary Levi will ever come to the Oscars.
#TebowTime is taking his talents to New York lol Who knew Peyton would have this effect in the #NFL WOW!!!
Put bacon in shape of dinosaw.
Last night I layed in bed looking up at the stars in the sky and I thought to myself, where the heck is the ceiling.
Bank loans quite often require a closing fee which is a percentage of the approved credit amount which adds to your cost of cash
I'll check it in windows when I get to #refreshdetroit mtg tonight.
Thank you! RT : Oh shit my boy is on KissFm #sick song!! ... Check out Apache Chief on iTunes
hey ur icon's cute (:
Every week I tell myself I'm going to make it to #fridaycoffeeclub. Maybe next week?
I've already been punched and slapped all before noon.
Thanks for the follow, Matt! Greatly appreciated!
bhaha your tweets are fuckin stupid. just stop
Hi Avril business is good!!!"
yeah..but it seems that im the only one that ever cared about r friendship and they just move on like it was nothing.
Excited for mimosas + brunch tomorrow w/ !
Osiyo! (Hello in the Cherokee language) Happy Native American month!
Its Bieber(:
This years Valentine's Day seemed more hurtful then the others ._.
Worst thing about MW3? All these fags running around with the striker.. I dont know why dont they fix it just like they did with model 1887
You can't have them because you don't want them.
I had to go an hour without my phone cos Luis locked it -__-
Are you surprised?
Working on the set of "Awake" all night. It's chilly but the cast is great & the director us awesome! Gotta love these days!
is the man. Like. actually. The man.
Gloomy, rainy Mondays just aren't fair! I just wanna climb back into bed!
bro problems I'm not a piece of shit so u can stop
Not yet! I am getting in like a few hours!
Kobe's always gonna be #1 so what's ur pt? And why R U so hostile all of a sudden? LOL
thank you :')
Thanks to all who rocked it with us Saturday! Next show is 12/5 at the Carriage House in Louisville (Lewisville) OH!
Isn't it wonderful? RT : Another blue sky day in #pdx!
Sexual fantasies are healthy, occurring most often in people showing the fewest sexual problems and least sexual dissatisfaction. (Leiten...
Century 21 was huge disappointment.
fascinating. I go to many schools with my magic show. Lunch ladies don't need a knife to serve meals.
Panel 2 Technical Architectures of Censorship: (, mod)
Thinking about planting some roses. Not sure if I can keep them alive.
I'm so consistent with my 0 followers
I'm going to Utah! Lololol lame but whatevs I'll be with my sissy poo
Waiting for ! ;)
Break legs and hearts, Lenny.
I am w/ u on that. Donners will always have a special place in my heart. Teaming up w/ Fitz or S. Rice in '11 could be awesome.
How's Tiger playing? Course sets up well for him.
I'm going to pass tomorrow no lie .
I didn't get tickets. #heartbroken please at least follow? :)
#oerseries we see it!
We need some experiences asap
Congrats Envida Co-founder Ms Alana Millstein 4 being featured in the new #book UPSTARTS: How GenY #Entrepreneurs r Rocking the World
At work ready to get off and get high ahahahah smoke gang
Wisconsin state elections board orders recall of Gov. Scott Walker #wisrecall, #wirecall, #walker,
RT : If I eat too many cookies but then immediately go to sleep, did it even happen?
No more drama for the week <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085>
Hell with the money... We wanna be heard...
It's not fair.
Farsi translator is on the other side.
RT : he's a great fighter!! <~ I agree!
in better times they funded a trip to the theater for my stdts. Appropriate. Now, not so sure. Hope they don't get co-opted.
.: To be a great champion you must believe you are the best. If you're not, pretend you are. ~ Muhammad Ali
Do something every day that you don't want to do; this is the golden rule for acquiring the habit of doing your duty without pain.
Presenting on Memento aggregation test project with some #iipc12 members.
It's all a joke.
Every since I joined twitter. I've been tweeting but nothing ever happens. I'm starting to hate my luck :'[
That hurts.
a passenger said conductors can sell available roomettes - is it true? I need one for return -not having luck online
Savings Tip - Put a Bottle in your Flush
hells yeah. mick rocks!!!! gotta hit that me again!
NO! You're f-ing kidding me!! I hadn't heard that yet! In believable!!
3D or regular? Either way, enjoy it!
Im eating breakfast in bed. Gonna be hella lazy today . I deserve it. Lol
Why so sensitive? WOMP RT : WHY ARE YOU SO MEAN WE MADE YOU FAMOUS
Welcome Katherine, Kent, Anna and Carrie!
The Christmas trees are finally put up. I can now begin homework.
MLM System? Can You Really Build Your Network Marketing Business On Auto Pilot?
Does anyone watch 7 days of Sex? What an interesting premise....
I like gun ranges and wine. Lets do this!
Any idea when your location in the Queens Center Mall will open?
Im on chapter 7!!:)
just crazy ppl
Thanks for following, Sarah!
homework life !
At the dentist hope it don't take all day .
Man so bored man what to do it's 3 am and night any ideas !!!????
Home Instead Senior Care of Wichita, Kansas is offering a unique approach to help Wichita area families manage the challenges of Alzheimer’…
Ah. Crap. I got her username wrong... Its @/OurBabyDemetria
I swear Next To You By Chris Brown and Justin Bieber ! Oh my gosh. Thats a Pretty Song ! It almost looked like a Movie (: !
you should check us out too! We hail from Nashville too!
thanks bro! I'm hoping to make it to TX soon!!
Why did they kick out the crazy 76ers Sixth Man fan sitting down from the Celtics bench? Was be being obnoxious?
Jean Paul Gaultier >
join us from 3:11 - 3:21 for a silent meditation for global coherence at 11:11 (gmt) on 11/11/11 near the steps of city hall.
You may set out up to 2 furniture items per week for trash collection.
At the Pyle Center, listening to Bud Selig
Ask for refferals, Consult AMSA, Do your homework, Get and compare estimates, Do more homework, and Make your choice!
Looking back at my teenage years, how the fuck did u walk away with no major tickets?
everything luxury
Playing blackops with my bff skylar....listening to jb boyfriend.....luv ya
Don't take it personal. The song, not you.
you've got the looks I've got the camera. Lets find a MU artist & make it happen
caught one of your first stories at 5. Welcome to Milwaukee!!
that's what she said
Starships were meant to fly<U+2665>
aw. I'll give you the response you're looking for
DO NOT LET THESE NUGGETS OFF THE HOOK. DON'T GIVE G.K. A PASS. WE ARE THE CUSTOMERS AND WE WANT MORE.
1 day before christmas, . . . . ! Angel we have heard on high !
Wow. Thunder *and* lightning. Color me oh so...kinda bored.
Things are good - the shelter is crazy but all good. Hope we can catch up soon. Did u get the present from the Teen Group? :)
thanks. I had forgotten about MakeGenericType. That saved me.
Watching Sweeney Todd
nice. We went to Anderson for a while and then accident on the turnpike but all good now
I wanna see when your finished RT I think ima do purple glitter lips today
Switching from the #WVU game to the #Cavs game!! Damn you Ohio!
do you ever go to the varsity club??
Tutoring soon
When did Bobby Valentine's hair turn orange? #thatisjustweird mt
I know i've said it time and time agian, but I love what i do
"Create movements not projects" Wm. Beshears #fundforteachers Fellow & teacher @ Manuel Salinas Creative Arts Elem in San Bernadino City USD
Welcome to the Plato's team! Which location did you join!?
My TNT movie "Hide" will re air Today @ noon on TNT. Stay tuned for Speedreel of my choice scenes. Real surprise in store!
What are the top three most important performance indicators of this director that you want to see happening a year from now?
Yep you can have a bundle on the house lol! What time is it where you are?
is so adorable ^_^ OMG
ouch, that happened to me last year hope you get better. The bruises take forever to go away haha.
How To Increase Conversions On Dental Websites: IDA&#39;s Dental Marketing Portals Turn Leads Into Appointments
I definitely just fell in love. #<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
had a great time with my friends today! steven so cute haha :D can't wait to see him on friday! :)
yo what it do cuz lol how u been? I miss u g
Okay then i will lol
are undeniable
second. Let's get lunch finals week!!!
I wish Chick Fil A served breakfast all day long.
Sure girly, which one do you need? I already have all my letters so make me a heart or something haha :)
RT “I believe that it's better to be looked over than it is to be overlooked.”—Mae West
Special Flavor- April Fool. Don’t be a fool get yours today! A wonderful vanilla, orange tangy combo gelato.
Nice to see Pacers finally get some love on espn. Glad they realized Pacers have 5th best record & put as #2 top play today!
just finished my english paper... dont forget it's due tomorrow and
it's str8
Great, I've been replaced by a photo contest with a top prize of movie tickets.
followed back :)
5th Annual Pudding Wrestling!! Sept. 25th at Moct. LADIES: winner takes 50% of the door so bring your friends! GUYS: girls in pudding, duh!
perfect, no? LOL
Once again, the #Packers have to keep picking up guys on defense. They have 7 picks in day 3...keep going Ted!
It's "BRING A FRIEND" Week here at Wild Workouts & Wellness! May 7-12, bring a friend with you to class...for FREE!
I hope the PDF viewing has been improved. That's the main reason I put my 2G (RIP) Kindle away. No way to resize PDF text.
trying to see drake in June
lololol hahahahah mummy so angry , cuz i make her spend so much money at face shop ytd . :b
U Think Ur Slick Don't U. I Ain't Stupid Hoe.
Have fun tonight at Extreme Rules!
Well the Pats just opened a can of whoop ass after being hit on the chin early on. Congrats to Brady for 300 career TD passes...and counting
What a long day. Ah, ready to take a nap.
Sully , Buford and Thomas will be back next year!! With our INCREDIBLE new recruits Scott and Williams - ITS ON!
Bye bye Miami in 13 Days :)
My wife just got her first secret-shopper scam check in the mail. She's growing up so fast!
The production, I Gotcha runs May 20-30. Rehearsals begin April 19.
do u have a fan mail?
knock em out Chef!
Follow my friend - RT: A New Creation For as he thinks in his heart, so is he. -Proverbs 23:7
what kind of infection are we talking about? Do you know which bug it was?
One of the greatest mental freedoms is truly not caring about what anyone else thinks of you.
Please stop with the frosted mugs. If your cooler is set to the correct temperature, there is no need. Plus it makes my glass slippery.
To all parents: Even though schools are closed, the staff decided to still host the after school program at their normal hours!
: yea haha cole sent me his too
I just landed here too.
Loving/hating DRM horror stories! 1984/kindle
SPARTAN GYROS is now open!!!
I'll DM you. Just be careful with that cat door.
Nice work on both '1st' and 'Numbers' today; tell Skip and Smith that their opinions are not facts. It's an annoying habit.
OMG looks like he was very hungry :P
At fiddler's green with waiting for !!
Hey #cuse your fans aren't ready for the season to be over. Let's go!!
yeah well we still have #2, that's good enough for me.
Sometimes the heart sees what is invisible to the eye
My love is a complicated butterfly. Only an experienced lepidopterist can catch me in his net. Thanks to
Two Boots pizza is coming to DTLA!
Well I always am, but it's not raining there either.
ENKG... A MONSTER. LOAD UP PEOPLE!!! NEXT LEG ON ITS WAY!!!
<3 You more!
We will be at the #NRASHOW on #cincodemayo 4571 with see you all soon.
Thank you!!!! RT : Just picked up my #afanlv12 packet and t-shirt. Super excited for Sunday!!!!
New deli guy: "Why is that girl always yelling? : "Who? ? No. She's not yelling. That's just how she talks."
Hello, Portland! Quick question from the guy from CA: why do all your trees look weird? All different colors and stuff...
(Ahmed, again) ... does she expose the bad feeling that get hidden, displaced, or negated under public signs of joy?
I'm so mad!! Well just slightly angry
Sometimes I'm amazed at how much stupidity can be conveyed in 140 characters.
Lol Oh the sarcasm, although then we could hang out all the time
I bet stupid Suzie opened her mouth and said something to Tammi smh
I do but the school is a really good chool plus my crush is going there
so excited!
"We as Italians are food drinkers" -- Davide Sada
if it was a free for all yes but they are picky and its not skating skill that gets you on the team
It's Teacher Appreciation Week! Why were you inspired to become a teacher?
My Crazy Obsession is ? Hmm , I think it's called Dedication :>
good point. Smith surprised me with his clutch play down the stretch.
I will unite with you this summer once more.
That wasn't even an NBA continuation in the MSU-Lehigh game. Absolutely brutal call.....
I can't blame ya for thinking so.. 'The ABBA Experience' {IS} pretty darn scarifying!..
sit your ass there mike smith
Who won? I had to leave at half and couldn't watch.
: I'm good! Finishing up my last year of school in Chicago :)
Last night = success
im 6 foot bro
Sometimes it takes a bad night out to help you appreciate the good ones
I can't remember the last time I bought something there. I just don't trust their sales staff...
To all my new followers god bless and goodnight. Bears still suck!
i need to take pictures..
RT IF YOU WANT A FOLLOWBACK.
Construction Insurance - We can offer our clients the coverage that satisfies the most demanding contracts.
Thanks so much Richard. I'm glad to RT/share any time - just send me info. :) Happy Friday
So much gluttony today - need a full week of good CG work outs!!
Enjoy our Complimentary Deluxe Continental Breakfast - Including Fresh Belgian Waffles, Biscuits and Gravy, Hard Boiled Eggs and more.
Anyone taking advantage of the Google Play deals? Picked up the Drake album for $0.25!!!
& here comes my moment of dread. Fear is only temporary, my future is bright, there is more 2 life than this & this 2 shall pass
Rats Are Rats...
Thank you for the follow! #Energy impacts us all - let's save together.
Yes! Go Chesska!
I can't make it to the conf. If anyone needs a ticket and is deserving, mine is up for grabs.
- Thanks for the RT ... Really a great article! We <3 you here in "Glitzburgh!" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
SOS FROM SUBURBIA: Paula is NBF of my closet and me
did you mean to favorite that?
Get her a pair in Green size 6! ;D Are sales good?!
Some fing loser interrupted my cardio!! Pretending he couldn't get in so I had to open the door!!! He wasn't even in workout attire!!
Happy birthday, John. You were taken from us much too soon.
you're such an inspiration Xx
I've only been using it for one day, but so far my connections are similar to LI plus some younger people that aren't on LI.
Hahahahaha I get it. :)
Home talent game with muh girls then season finale of Grays<3
The best things in life are unseen, thats why we close our eyes when we kiss, cry, and dream. ~unknown
#ImTheTypeOfPerson who loves to listen to
And a huge thanks to for being awesome hosts! And for doing a drawing for a $75 giftcard--nice! Such an inviting place.
work at a go karts place lol its in like a restaurant And that's cool! Already better than my plans haha
stat needs to crawl into a hole n never come back. Arod deserves must of the shit he gets. Jeter has a lifetime pass
DO NOT FORGET THIS SATURDAY BEFORE THE DANCE STARTS (830PM SHARP) POTLUCK PICNIC HAPPENING =) BRING FOOD FOR U N A FRIEND =D
I hate the word shebang.
working on some xmas mixes...need some custom mixes? contact me @
Jim Downs talks about epidemic disease, burial, and conflicts of authority over Reconstruction in the postbellum American South.
#Fact: anyone who decides to hang out with me today will be given a freshly baked cupcake…anyone?
i'm listening! haha.
alright bro ..
Immediate doubles on Bynum, it appears.
You know what show I wish they'd make new episodes of? Parole Board
It's not about blaming the descendants, it's about learning from the past to make a better future.
Follow us as we prepare for Round 2 of Chase Community Giving Campaign starting May19th!
#metro / best conference logo ever!!!
blah blah blah. Idc I tan all year round. I hate outside. It takes longer lmao
“: Women who are prone to migraines tend to have a higher sex drive than those who are not.”
...the leader inspires enthusiasm. The boss says I; The leader says WE. The boss fixes the blame for the breakdown; the leader fixes...
is wearing her new winter boots (and pajamas) around the house.
use it in a sentence; e.g.: "I hope nobody gets murdered at the village fête this year."
what up yo?! Long time no see
go to boogie burger
#TRIVIA: Who caught Aaron’s first 2011 regular-season TD pass? How about #2?
Keep your poker face on...some people wait for a crack in your armor....
some crow is kidnapping baby birds and killing them on my roof there's literally over 20 dead/dying baby birds and Frankie said
Ana pulled over on Blewett because her mom's minivan was acting funny. Within minutes, the whole van was engulfed in flames.
The greatest feeling in the world is to be around someone who wants to hold you, to kiss your forehead, and to be around you.
not a mariners fan
Lol i was going to look for you :p
My love and thoughts go out to the people of Congo today. May this be a day toward peace.
can't we laugh about it, ha ha ha ' it's not worth our time .
just saw a news story about MJC demonstrations. Looked for you. You must've been studying in the library.
Looking the for hottest stylist and barbers in the A, dm me if you got the skills.....
Some call me Chris other call me Big Chris I call myself #Dashing yea
These cupcakes taste like shit. What a waste of dollar.
Bout to get my Benz washed!!
How is your day going? If you have something to vent, we are all ears...
Good Morning folks! Happy Friday :)
Hahaha! That made me laugh!
hey, is austin releasing an album on june 5th ?
Our signature #coats are made from Alpaca & they define #luxury for the #holiday season. Check out our blog at builtforman.com!
Liking your own status on Facebook should be illegal
He's back now. No worries. ;)
Whitey Bulger just appeared in court. Waived right to hearing about transfer back to Mass. Coverage right now on
whats good babe!love ya boo!
I was at the mall once &I walked in& though they changed the designs & the toilets & when I walked out It said "Men's" lol
It's my half birthday! And since it's legal to drink in portugal, should I just practice for the real thing?
MT : CelticsSixers looks like every single Celtics basketball game.
Neither is shark photography RT : If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you.
<-------THIS GUY #Rappersbetterthansouljaboy ....In a fucking landslide
Great idea! I would watch! Especially for Bachelorette seasons. I am sure it is a frat house at night
i love that place(:
MVP Offering discount rates to stay @ Planet Hollywood in Vegas for Jan.29th 2 or 3 nights During MMA EVENT visit us @ www.myvegaspeople.com
Do you have some "snowy" scenes around the Old Pueblo? Share them with us...
Breakfast of champions: mocha chocolate chip cookies dipped in coffee!
So proud of our TR volunteers. They caught a client in an emotional tailspin and were able to intervene in time.
idk. Cornell gave me my grades. And was talking to me. I was there for less than 5min.
I'm missing that session. Tweet a lot please.
Have any idea when you'll be in Baltimore again?
Great Day, two uses called me personally to thank us for helping them find jobs!
It's not over til the fat market share sings...
Working the & #event tomorrow morning. Can't wait to meet & take the pledge for a healthier life!
*I dont pay my child support but #IgotThemJsTho*
Hella working super hard!!!
who is your agent or rep for tv projects?
God morning
that was so cool , watching and his friend layla . . am gina :) and thank you for sharing a good time with all 17 of us :)<3
The whole world could be against me, but I still can't lose with Jesus! All I do is win
Just realized that on ur Believe signing video,those 1st 2 girls in line went 2 my Hi school.Had no idea they r loyals,go figure
Can't wait til I finish my degree. I'm goin in to video editing fo sho.
No Phone
#kik me im so bored liaxxreyes
Were this my post, it would read mixtapes and they'd actually be tapes....cassettes LOL
this kid that i meet while talking to kelsey at 1:30 in the morning on skype is creeping on my fb. should i be concerned??
Getting together w/ in a few wks to discuss song ideas,etc, like last time when we wrote Not Fragile & Counting
Day 2 of B-Cleanse. So far so good. But then again, it's only day 2! :)
Don't ask me if my rooms clean if you ain't gonna clean it
What you call dog with no legs? Don't matter what you call him, he ain't gonna come.
#PISCES is the most compassionate of the Water Signs. They are also the most intuitive and self-sacrificing of the zodiac.
Good morning everyone!!!
Stuck in this math tutor room until Fiona is done. Someone text me puhlease.
Now THAT was funny! Best wishes to you in 2011.
Vanguard (irvine,ca.) and Mt. State (w. Virgina) are going at it. Great Game. Mt. State is bigger then most D-1 teams
ok so. 1, possibly 2 new mixtapes coming early 2012. thats all im gonna say for now
wow maple grove actually has a cool resturaunt everyone is raving about? thats new...another thing i can add to my list of annoyance
Thanks Had to spend my Sun. filling out yet another lost bag reimbursement form b/c you lost the first one I submitted.
Heard this morning in the bank & it made me kick off my shoes & walk around barefoot all day. Damn hippie propaganda.
you already have the best alex(:
1. Compared to #MLA12, #Sibos is much more diverse with true global representation. Bigger travel budgets in banking, I gather.
omg are amazing & their grilled cheese sandwiches are my fave after bar food!!
That's a no brainer. YES. Get tickets. Take Friday off. Thursday problem solved. Bon Iver is great and Red Rocks is even better.
Cris Carter vs Skip Bayless made my morning awesome
SOE Software would like to wish all the counties of the U.S. a very happy National County Government Month!
"We are the team that serve love with smiles and dare to grow"
The shit my head hurts .
Hey, have you heard from ?
now i know where to come for speech fyis! Love it!
RT : When you pee, a small amount of urine enters your mouth through the saliva glands.
welcome to the club! I got mine a few months ago & learn a new trick everyday. Don't know how I was living without it before :)
"You will witness fabulous imagery and a very interesting man..." -Dr. Joy Browne on Visual Acoustics
Thanks for the link! I'm spreading the word as best I can. Probably going to order some of the 2012 Brochure
A good date ends with dinner. A great date ends with breakfast.
How to make Aegean Art Captivating...
Are your telemarketer's fingers falling off? Automate calling with a hosted predictive dialer from www.magnalogix.com! Start @ 150/month
If Miami doesn't blow a team out...this is the product displayed
Edvard Munch's The Scream sells for $107 million! Hasn't it been stolen several times before?
so are you picking me up or what?
RT : The new Humble Indie Bundle is out, and it has Botanicula! Get it! Go!
This was a unexpected txt I'm speechless
that's the best gingerbread anything we've ever seen! If only it had a matching Snow Speeder...
In case you didn't know, episode 8 is up on our site. Check it out!
give me a call. How can I get the Ike's for those pics ? I have some compensation for you too.
Woow the colts actually won today!
The foolish and the dead never change their opinions.What should I change my opinion about. NOW? Do tell? So So Tired of this stuff.
last day of lectures of my first year of med school!!! 4 exams until summer =)
That awkward moment when you tweet something with a typo and it gets a lot of #RT's
Im bored.
yeah and he would totally assimilate perfectly with my friends
Mark Bartolomeo: Verizon is teaming with innovators on new mobile apps. Coke making more $ on ads on vending machines than can sales.
just got in from work I'm not watching the heat I'm a BULLS fan But u cool
Rumor: #KimIlJong heard #TimTebow lost and it KILLED HIM. ...Too soon?
I would flip over backwards if Hightower fell to us in the second. He is the type of LB that seems to fall every yr
If Jordan can come out of retirement, why not my Jean Jacket? Also, why the f*ck did I go to the UPS store on 10/19/05???
Scale offers ability to 1) generate lots of useful data and 2) raise capital to improve and evolve the product. Other?
cool you are unique and one of a kind. People should treat you special.you are a saint
I have been inspired to GO SOLAR!! I will spread the word to increase the importance of renewable energy.
Will play a few events early in the series...
theo (2 yr old) loves both those things, so i am confident it will be good
So glad you enjoyed! Thanks for the tweet.
The naked cowboy is still around??? It's been like 10 years
i think i just woke up with homeward bound's theme song stuck in my head....idk how to feel about this....
Not sure how i feel about that horse's name...
I love Jack White.
First day of principal photography in PARA OLIVIA
Glad to help.
It's at times like these that I smile so hard and realize the joy of having you as a friend . (:
lmao we mean late night basketball at LA. I'm down to hoop against your AAU team too; it's fun.
my grandfather used to call me sponsdon. Don't know what it means and never will I guess
A problem for the other teams! #RipCity #lickitybrindle RT I promise that 3ball will fall and when it does....
Try , , , or Enjoy your stay in #SanDiego!
I walked right in and right out with my free cup of coffee! (Downtown Starbucks)
Just took some awesome family pics with my boys. Geez they make me look good!
ohh lols nice pic ;D and i sent u a friend request lol
Thanks for the follow, love, hope you dig the tunes!
Liking paying for my coffee and tracking card balance with the Starbucks app. Hoping other retailers take the cue.
I told her When I went to school Bitch! Money wasn't the subject
- I bought it first on CD but loved a lot of those songs - Joe Walsh, Buffett, Boingo, Hagar, Squier... :)
Mayday Parade > any other band
HistoryMiami, 101 W Flagler St in DWNTWN Miami, free parking at Cultural Center Garage.
Women decides to post picture of her butt on Facebook. Cool. More at 11.
yum yum!!! I do love mad mex! How was it?
nothing really. Greg is still in college./:
Chicago! for sure you better be there!
Things happened
agreed...I see it all the time too
This dudes motto freestyle >>>
gotchuuu its for me n chris
great to catch up this week, outreach and marketing are about to get MUCH more interesting!
Alright, let's make some damn money.
#thatawkwardmoment when 50cent's party like its your birthday comes on and you sing ALL the words!
hi Shelley
Zessler: have students build artifacts that are of value in their own learning, and that of future students. Webquests, digital storytelling
girls night <U+2764>
YES TOTALLY!
You might be right about that! Too much caution too often. So glad this happened.
your bf is climbing the tree!!
Watching Grease, early Travolta is so great because he is totally unafraid of his pelvis.
it's me!
The vinyl mastering for the new EP is complete... One step closer...
You gotta get up to get down.
I think the coffee stopped working...
Its alright, your ready for the night of your life stars will shine so bright
I ain't tha one working neither stupid
Great night at the homecoming game. Even tho I dnt go with a guy but I dnt need a guy to make me happy. I just love my life<3
This outstanding weather is making want to get out and pollinate.
We'll try Kitchen Stories tonight.
for science we did spiritual studies/science documentary: God of Wonders- on the netflix
Hug your Pooh Bear! In 1882 today, A. A. Milne was born. He is the author of the famous Winnie the Pooh.
Nausea has turned into motivation. Must be all that B-Complex.
If you don't get everything you want, think of the things you don't get that you don't want. ~Oscar Wilde
Finalizing music lineup for our Festival on July 28th- it's gonna be ah-may-zing!
calm down lady!! :)
They're all great. San Diego would be lucky to have any of them as mayor #sdmayor12RT : Who should I root for?
He'll be at it again, soon.
I didn't. He gave up. There are 2 less coins in the world. :(
haha, I love the spongebob movie too! ;) follow me??:)
What was the name of the multimedia resume builder before # visualize.me came along? anyone?
I hear they are underpaid and overworked but get free Fanta for lunch.
Looking for a volunteer to do a fun, but challenging, Photoshop project that is well out of my abilities. Anybody?
Sometimes taking a shower sounds like such a task
A for effort?
how bout dem blazers, bro!!??
"Everything ends badly, otherwise it wouldn't end." - Tom Cruise
Simply the best. I hope your little dudes enjoy the new home base though this summer!
thank you for caring (': “: “: whats wrong with me?” nothing. You're perfect the way you are babe.”
SECCA will be rockin' to the tunes of DJ Marley Carroll on April 27 during the opening of 2 new exhibitions! Starts at 7 pm. FREE
I'll be your ginger
Is is bad to obsessively check the score of the Bruins Caps game during prom picture party....
hey thanks for the heads up!
Baseball and Mad Men are back! This is gonna be a great month!
gurrl you know
that's actually a good idea
have time for a coffee this morning? I've got 9:30 to 11:30 open in MKE
"A rustle in the wind reminds us a fairy is near."
Hi Jimmy, we did karaoke last night and thought of you!!! hehehe
RT : I Restart The Song When I Miss My Favorite Part
Good morning, Cynthia? What did you have for breakfast? :-)
Refs gave Letang's broken stick to the Flyers bench, so #Flyers got a good look at his curve to keep in the back of their minds.
Then some pick up games at linfield.
We have to help each other out!
Like really ppl make a big deal over J's. I never understood wat the fuss was about u rocking the same shit a million other ppl wear
Thank you for following, !
What's it about?
dude I love her omg. BITCHES AIN'T SHIT AND THEY AIN'T SAY NOTHIN. A HUNDRED MOTHAFUCKAS CAN'T TELL ME NOTHING.
Let's play a #raindelaygame...If they didn't play ball, what would they do? Hafner would be a bouncer tossing Kipnis out. Your turn.
eh. i lived through '64 phillies. i'm inured to suffering. good thing to be cauterized as a pup.
And Rihanna, my good sir, has no purpose.
Two beauty shoots this weekend! Yay!
PACKERS, WHERE R UR HEADS TODAY? WHERE IS THE FOCUS? SMH!!!!
goodnight everyone :)
follow me on twitter.
La Paz Mexico!!!!
Great new walnut kitchen with cantilevered range hood at
No, sorry, it's a Buick LeSabre, but she told me that my Aunt Kathy drives a covertible Chrysler Le Baron. Party Time!
Yeah, thats true. Especially when we live in a world where looks are everything.
Thunder's back!Writing holiday over&updates r coming!Nypd blue moment when Mr.Thunder was solicited2aid in da capture of a menacing stalker!
Enjoy it!
I love my job!
Here's to, perhaps, my last brunch...
Auditions scheduled for lead roles in monongahela Oct 21&28 in Pittsburgh email for details !
spending my time on the right things with the right people.
got a babe face
I did end up taking a nap when I got home
Just put 40' of pavers in. Now we have a nice walkway to the neighbors.
Getting ready to start my day ! Work then training !! What's your day like xx
If u don't have milk for cereal don't use anything else as a substitute for milk I learned that the hard way T__T
RT Missouri's best team loses in the first round. Kansas's 9th best team makes the Final Four. Damn you Naismith.
Zeek Rewards Review - Is It the "Real Deal?" Having been a professionally trained auctioneer for the past 6 years, I know which types of
#Iloveitwhen I make an illegal u-turn and don't hit the curb.
Off To Skool : )) Even Doe i Dnt Want To
Woo yourself!
Christopher Lloyd, race car, truckosaurus.. envious!
Start your weekend w/Belmont BBQ & tunes on the Powerdrive at 5! Studio: 978 1023 or
if you have any photos of your stay at Orange Groves Villa, please add them to the guest photos on our facebook page
I love this Page but they only have a Like Button!! However, that work so Like this page just click the button that says "LIKE" love yall
How can steve McClaren blame lack of ambition! He spent more than most other championship managers! Can't stand that waste of space!
Homemade burgers! Yummy!
Middlebrooks! MT :A source confirms Aaron Cook will B added 2 #RedSox roster & Will Middlebrooks is also headed 2 Boston.
Dear Florida, please continue being cold :) You are making business awesome!
Stef: Great to see you again the other night at the mompreneurs event at JCC. Hope to see you soon! Therese'
#MachineGunPreacher has a strong religious subject addresses the civil conflict & crisis in Sudan, ideals, hypocrisy & religious fanaticism
Carlos: "I grow impatient with these Mazeltov crea-" Me: "It's 'Malevolent!'" You're fucking with our minds already...
You know you're emotional if you cried when... the dog died in "I Am Legend" lol
My people are the chosen people
Like this question about the wives...good call, Wolf.
Thank you so much for all your help on "Mike's Crush for Families." It made a huge difference
"Melancholia" is available on Instantly Watch via Netflix. Everyone go watch it now. No, really. Now. Now!
you love me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> mooches!
Congrats to on being named captain for 2012!!!!!
My cat is chasin' his tail... Wtf
My mom thinks "Sheldon" from the Big Bang Theory is "nerdy sexy".c: her bf- "You can't be sexy & nerdy."
Not looking good for LA.
Goodnight twitter!
Spent a week watching #crash in one of my major classes!
Popping Nyquil & watching Girls, it's only been on for 2 min & I'm already laughing :)
Why are you always up so late?! And I don't care if you could ask me the same thing! :P
Realized I'm not paying close enough attention when it takes me like 7 sessions or about 50 hrs of exposure 2 realize dude missing a finger
Can't help wht I got . Gotta make do w/ it
90,000 FREE LEGAL GUIDES, LOWEST PRICES. SEE OUR 100 BOOK SERIES ON AMAZON.COM
Me. I'm STARVING.
#ICANN "Defensive Applications" panel for #newtlds is really about "offensive" applications to prevent legitimate competition
brussel sprouts + bacon = heaven.
So today's cafeteria menu has sushi in the 'hot zone'. I think I'll stay away from that zone for lunch
I don't strive to write a bestseller but I'd love to be the author of a cult classic.
Lol I'm up all alone now ..
Headin through the mountains listening to Old Crow
Been there, done that, let me know if and when you need help, because I sure will be there if you need me.
Can't argue with you there. Not making excused for him but he spent alot of energy covering Kobe. Still he did not come thru on O
#SaySomethin Was Amazing <33 lolol... I was Jamming Out!
"As if you could kill time without injuring eternity." Henry David Thoreau
I could come off the bench in the league. I would start for the bobcats tho.
Doing Crossfit again. WOD: Chelsea. I hurt so good.
That's All Folks ! - Epitaph of Mel Blanc
Knee really hurts... Don't know what else to do?
So Sunday is a river in Africa??? De Nile
so wat did u do for your bday
I hate when people put "the" in front of their twitter name. like no.
Hey you!
CHECK OUT THE SITES IN THE "ABOUT ME" SECTION!
Only love let’s us see normal things In an extraordinary way.
i am gonna miss my best friend who is about to leave vegas in a day
Try "lien".
weird-good or weird-bad?
I pray for the children & hope I get give mine the world when they come.
Watching The Big Bang Theory on DVD. This show is hilarious!
#No “: willard turkey club for lunch! i know you feel me ” aw shit might have to make it down this week #cravings”
Yeah I gotta new phone. 770-295-8684(same) You?
lol I would kill myself k
Scutaro is a great sleeper this year
innit! Golly I'm good.
Praying for moms of the 4 young men who died in plane crash this weekend and for Katy Luce as Hannah heals. Only God can comfort !
And they can only get better, right?
Roasted loin of veal w/morel sauce, fingerling potatoes & wild ramps. Life might not get much better than this...
One hour from showtime at the Hermit Club for with Chuck Booms of music and more! Get here! $10 at the door
Anyone else going to #CES this January? I'll be in Vegas from the 4th - 8th.
make sure your fellow workers know whats up, we'd love to hear from ya! #<3
Ready for the race in the morn. Nothing better than the smell of wet suit the night before the race.
Just arrived & might I say it is a pleasure to meet U!
It also has games and a online mall ! I just wanted to share this I thought it would help some of you. www.mrinfoguide.com
you wanna go to vain tonight ?
I would sob.
If it weren't for the fact that the TV set and the refrigerator are so far apart, some of us wouldn't get any exercise at all
Watching Avengers with my baby :D <3
Hahahaha shit I was afraid my Mafia painting was gonna fall on me an shit. Lol I wonder what thinks about this
Took a trip out to the shop today to count inventory. Its hot as hell outside!!
that's why in Indiana we do our own lawn...
Congrats to my beautiful cousin and #twitterlessjen for graduating from UM today !
did you watch that video..?! YOU NEED TO WATCH IT! And when you do, don't get any ideas, he's mine (;
Yeah, I've started, pretty interesting for sure!
this man needs to lose at some point! Im voting for the underdog lol
I wish shit was the same but I guess its time for a change
Yeah!!!!!! Now what? College basketball is over!!!
Dad was talking real loud,all eyes on us! When I mouthed SHHH< he got mad and turned his head to the side to the table beside us.CONT>
Summer needs to come quicker, All of this stress is killing me.
sorry I didn't get to chat more at the show!!!! It was a zoo! Hope it was good for you and hopefully we can chat soon!
Its real funny how u go outta ur way to help people but let u be the one that needs the help and everyone forgets about u.
hahah yeah. its so random though
We often deceive ourselves to think we are living better than we are. Can you be honest with yourself and God today?
I got some connects I want you to meet
those multicolored shorts are really something… I really can't decide if I love or hate them!
Just registered for #bloggerblitzdc on June 3rd !
Yes I can! !!! LOL.. luv that commercial ; )
*smiles* RT Waiting for the Matthew Broderick commercial.
Your Awesome! My friend say you Cool ;)
. Vote for jobs, schools, and small businesses—vote for the American Jobs Act.
My boobs hurt right nao.
Okay, enough rain already.
Good morning Fans! How is your Monday turning out??
Ain't seen his seed in 14 days that dude to weak
Huge difference in enchantment between the genY presenter and genOther that I mentioned earlier. GenY lost me a half hour ago.
bye rafi. have a great day
People watching. It's amazing. . . And hilarious on occasion. :-)
Just cost a run! MT : folks talk about the #Brewers shaky defense, that missed cutoff (Corey Hart) is Exhibit A.. Can't happen”
Hows the tour been?!
Big time when it counts you guys RT : That was Martin's first home goal as a Penguin. He has scored five on the road as a Penguin.
hey thanks for the $5 bucks Samsung
Hasso Plattner asks what are the architectural factors for better transactional performance of #HANA?
pacific northwest needs an MLG stop!!!
Friday, May 11th , come on down to The Up & Under on E. Brady St. & help us get into SUMMERFEST! We only get in if you come down & VOTE!
yay!! One for me and one for u lol. We would put our names on their metaphorically.
A Little
And on another note, no more swear words. I use them too much/for no reason
lmfaoo, smh. & I said hi ! Well I hit you :x lol
Looking for #Unix or #Linux #Engineers with strong #networking experience for a company in Seattle. #ISP experience would be a bonus.
We have met the enemy, and he is us.
because his tweets get sent to my phone an di read his tweets and when u are always live on twitcam he always talks about u ...
That text I sent him >>
I don't understand how someone can drink 2 energy drinks in one day, just a small one kept me up fur dayz.
Long legged in sidewalk trance; body bends at knees for the cloudsurf advance. Om.
It's night time! Go back to bed! :)
Yes sure but I will have to do it on Monday. Email at and I will send you the complete details
i think you were the only one lol
she was actually likable on that date. She'll probably go to top 5-6 before he sees the nasty side
#TeamFolllowBack #FollowForFollow just @ me when u've already followed me so I can follow u!
What??? R u injured? Ur car totaled
nope babe I didn't cook today..I ordered Chinese.. I have a upper respiratory infection & bronchitis..been in bed dying lbs
Engrossing Georgia O'Keeffe abstractions at the Whitney Museum- saw 2 old friends: 's Blue Sky/Pelvis and Vassar's Spring
Everyone please get ready to help me celebrate a Pats victory on sunday...have a great weekend.
good to know I'm not the only one who's done that. RT : On another note, I crashed myself going 5mph 10 minutes before the race
God choice for Featured Artist! is the shit!
I wish I had a girl but can't because bitches I know will try dick riding me again not mentioning names
More mosquitoes than voters out here!
Tebow haters would still call for his head if he won the next three super bowls. whatever happend to "just win, baby"?
^jw I thought it was that corner but hard to confirm because it has changed so much
RT It's here!! #Liberty555 wait to hear about all the awesome stories that come from this wkd {ditto! BRINGIT!
who cn confirm seeing alleged #monkey tweet re: ?
Here ya be! RT Grandma, request from Elmhurst, Illinois: I CAN'T GET STARTED - Bunny Berigan
yes..you follow me on instagram. You're scaring me.
Well done, ! A real milestone.
Sen. Webb is a great Virginian. Thanks to those asking me to run for his seat. I promise I will look into it closely.
Last night's shutout of the #BlueJays was just the 4th time they've been blanked this season, the fewest times in the AL.
Love getting out early on Fridays.
I'm thinking #BealeStreet tonight...
I have personally invested over $10,000 in the past 2 years on this community.
Aww, you are so nice! Hello, Kathy and Amy! Let's talk books.
Darvish's first game has media far more excited than mostly-empty Peoria Stadium.
A headshot is your key into casting gates. Use a pro photographer! So many #actors have not been called in based on their headshot.
Do whatever the fuck makes you happy, cause at the end whos there ? you '
COOKING UP HITS + = TRON its coming!!!
Just conveniently emailed myself a shopping list from #Epicurious, with little checkboxes and all - bliss... #guesswho'scookingtoday
Job help, networking events: Business calendar - Plain Dealer
Ball So Hard booest of all the bears.
you'll be old one day! Stinky!
yup...#LiveFromDarylsHouse is the BEST damn thing ever!!!....period....;-)) I am so hooked...
Buckeyes put an ass whipping on that POS school up north! Love it!
thanks! I'm so excited, can't wait till tonight!
aww when was this?!
Lmfaoo. Frank Got Me Cracking Up!
Watching Jess work it at <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>
saw the movie safehouse... not that good. :( had sushi. day 2 of diet good. think i have a bit of a bug. i hope i feel better tomorrow.
While I was researching the pros & cons of "log in as page" on Facebook for the 2 sites I help administer the option disappeared!
On the way to museums and the web conference in philadelphia.
Clark, why is the car still running? Oh all new cars do that honey
We'll see how this goes!! ": Kyle Orton reached a three-year agreement with the Dallas Cowboys."
Are you cheering for the SA Spurs?
What happened to ? Make him come back I miss him
the new girl..
lol, I watched the 1st 7 seasons a year ago i probably woulda forgot if i watched in 2004
Sorry for so many links about the LA Banks auctions! I'm just trying to get word out! I swear I'm not a spammer, you guys!
KG so old he forgot how to set pics smh
I know "Il est beau" :)
$alute to you my G.
Ugh. School
Practicing for live chat on #dlday. Interesting!!
The 9yo HamSter is going to work with his step-mom today for Take Your Kid to Work Day.
Always hold your head up, but be careful to keep your nose at a friendly level. ~ Max L. Forman
pet adoption day... Why do I do this to myself!?
Getting up at 4:00a.m. Was the worst idea ever
Yay! Let us know how it goes :)
ADD/ADHD treatment is often done by a team approach of medical practitioners and counselors.
20 push ups Gordon. Keep it on the ground.
'The Initiation of Professor Kimmer', 'Role Play', 'The Crippler', & 'Devolution Reckoning' will also be shown at 4PM at
I wish SOMEDAY I could be Mrs. Alyssa Nicole Holmes Justin Drew Bieber LOVE ME LOVE ME hHEHE GET BABE;)!!!$#
Thank you
is that for real , it was exposed?
Check out photo of cast&me of SAG pilot DPI:Discount Paranormal Investigators www.facebook/discountparanormal
Dinner was great :)
I haven't listened to switchfoot in ages.
Now & then I think of all the times you screwed me over .
Congrats on a successful season! Join us after the game for 80's night at Amber!
Aniston Denies Planning Big Wedding
my birthday was bomb C:
take care of your family. Our thoughts and prayers are with you
Just got Spotify. Should probably listen to a song a day (or maybe 3 a week). Any suggestions to get started?
From our family to yours, both here on Earth or Above, Have a Wonderful Easter!
How about a realistic salary for all around? Say the average median wage? Fair Enough, right?
awesome picture! Kelly definitely belted it tonight!
a secret box willing to be opened...
"I am writing my 'J'accuse,' to have it ready just in case." - James T. Farrell, with words to live by.
"I am still learning." - Michelangelo
thanks for your kind words
Woot! Finished #girlWithTheDragonTattoo last night, now I can go see the movie. I had a feeling that was what happened to Harriet!
Hell only exists with its creator who believes in such a place .. Hell is a myth designed by mystical people
Just arrived in Austin!
FOLLOW ME
Murray.........please no. Looked like an ankle.
Oh, no no no. My playlists do all the talking, it's pretty embarrassing. Funny how the tone of the music legitimately changes.
Uh Now blood the fuck up.. everydays a gamble mathafucka tuff luck
Hm. Too busy ordering a free Wisconsin Cheese Map online.
You got something to wear for your shoot Sunday??
staff predicts continued sales tax growth for next 5 years; 5 percent in fy2012, 3 for the remainder
'Come at me Bro' is actually a catchy phrase. I like it.
For some reason, I am feeling cocky and happily INDEPENDENT today. Headed for the all-American, totally green, INDEPENDENT farmer's market.
Eh, 'love' may have been too strong a word. Bahaha! I kid.
"Go for Gold." official long jumping motto, we're gonna kill southport (:
WMYB on the radio
Back in the city...at 34th waiting on 2 train to Brooklyn
Site just went down...I knew it was too good to be true! We'll be up again soon. Problems with the dedicated IP for our SSL - UGHH!!!
My grandmother is in the hospital and I'm at school. Anyone besides me see anything wrong with this picture?
I miss the #Blackhawks :(
oh i just got a ride from my gma with john ben and landon
I would skips you if my laptop was working!!!
I wish I liked ALL classic rock n roll. But I don't. I have a pretty good music taste I think, though
I think Wordpress and Magento going to much over the head.. The back end users need a simply user friend back end, and nothing else!!!
oh!! Lmao I thought those were called clavicles:p
Still can remember playing soccer during O level year. But we still study anyway. Hahahaha.
What happens is, when I perform, Im somewhere else, I go back in time & get in touch w who I really am.~Etta James...thx Etta... peace
Mastering a new song tonight! Young Widows show at next Thurs - 6/16. Too busy to tweet.
#thatcamp lunch table in con A?
I thought you were a beer person? Lol!
come smoke 1
Ok, you seriously need to go to HEB more often!! like, i wanna meet you!!
Hot chocolate sounds good right now(:
option+apple(command)+Esc
im over getting older
Congrats ! Fantastic news.
Can't wait to hear your
But to live outside the law, you must be honest / (-- you know who)
Happy birthday! Keep doing your thing.
Something about a free iPad 2? I'd say Photoshop or Illustrator would be the app i would like to use from an iPad.
finally done w the ACT
aww true! By the way your phone is gonna die 32% you should charge it
I will punch you in chest and make ur shoulders clap
its me duh
idk maybe cuz i know u so its s bit surreal to see u on the front of a remy weave box lol
#Str8LykeDes... Damn where did my damn day go...
": "Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do." - Benjamin Spock"
Call the colonel we hit the #popcorn #ceiling! Now lets get it #removed for you!
gonna try almond nails! Thanks for the trend!
This is why you need the Kindle app. Never a bored moment!
GOD Is Love.Greater love has no man than this, that a man would lay down his life for his friends. Esteem another before your own
done. Good luck!
...I called someone a spawn?!?! So be it.
Lock and Key singles event tonight at 5. Pub Quiz starts at 8pm. 3 Olives drinks for $3 all night. What a night!
WHAT?? how did you have school?! Im going to complain to them for you lol. Please follow me!!!
Havnt been on here for a while ;p Follow me on (;
The NHL's second outdoor game of the season will take place tonight in Calgary, as the Flames welcome the Montreal Canadiens .
#PatriotsLockerRoomPlaylist wipe me down
I hope so, I want them to beat the heat.
Humboldt Center for Evolutionary Anthropology Fundraiser
You've been hit by, you've been hit by a smooth criminal!
RT like logic that Eagles won't take Cox b/c they've been connected to him >>> Clearly not scientific. Call it strong gut feeling.
I really like dickish tweets. I don't do a lot of them, but they frigging kill me.
yay!!!!!!!! You'll be so proud. Can't wait to see you and hear all about everything.
You too buddy. Let's grab some drinks and catch a game w sometime soon.
Bastille Day 5k race in Milwaukee this summer! GREAT run!
where did u find the scores?
He worries to much
damn your life can end in the blink of an eye. honestly Yolo & you better be careful<U+2764>
Gone the way of the tape player? I've very nearly given it up completely.
no tours or anything planned yet but were trying to make some out of state gigs happen this summer :-) I'll keep u updated
Happy Book Birthdays to & Tess Hilmo!!!
I need a break, been working to hard this morning by myself!?
There's something about hearing Tone Loc on a Sunday morning that just seems so natural.
Hop-on closed 300% up. The volume was 960,515,471 shares. It was a good day.
We Only Argue When The Lakers On Ova Den Dat I'm Gettin My Marc Jacobs On
trust me If I could pick up and go I would already be there lol
not that I disagree with that philosophy though.
I know it doesn't mean anything but isn't it nice to see that #mubb scored more points than any other winning team yesterday?
I was right. Tonight's NBA D-League #Showcase #pressboxfood update: BBQ chicken, pulled pork. Served with a side of exhausted.
Agree to disagree. Personally I can't stand it, although I enjoy watching the games.
live life with no regrets
Dont we all :( RT : i miss the iconic boyz
watching Real Madrid vs Barcelona and doing homework at the same time
Louisiana: Adoption Attorney Louisiana
Up early to make banana pancakes before work! Yum!
but I thought today was a good day<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
The Power score a touchdown on their possession, winning 57-54.
RT : BAR to discuss 8 story Marriott hotel on West Main Tuesday.
Tryna have a good week....But,Tryna make new friends
Awe! I miss you guys!
Cutie Alicia Silverstone from Clueless turns 35 today.
That was the worst pass ever
Talking to farmers today about their eggs. Who wants to eat some farm fresh eggs?
I jus texted yu :D . I thought yu forgotten abOut me boo
If my computer not picking up WiFi isn't an indicator that I should stop playing on Facebook and start writing music, I don't know what is.
That one persons attention you can't seem to get
Vodka Tasting & Booksigning at Kepler’s today! The King of Vodka: The Story of Pyotr Smirnov and the Upheaval of an Empire. Free Event 7:30
Dark Shadows was a great movie! Must see. Next is Abraham Lincoln Vampire Hunter.
Still love the Marlins but that logo is gawd awful ugly.
I rode an elephant at the circus before. It was a lot of fun <U+E526>
Last few hours of hump day. Time to get your #t-shirts printed
Thanks for the RT!
Trans Hook Festival in NoNo all night every night #open air headquarters at gas station 21st Chrls
What?? #creepingmode Aha.
hang in there!
everytime I try making plans, something always interferes ..ugh
Happiness is new issues of , FDLP Connect, &
I would give away autographed pictures, but then you'd know who I am
Assisted by Danny Welbeck following a fast break.
Hobo with a Shotgun has turned into Ho with a Shotgun.
Must you be a sarcastic asshole when I'm like totally not in the mood to deal with anyone's bs?
New record... STOP TARGETING ME STOP TARGETING ME STOP TARGETING ME! stop targeting me stop George Zimmerman sounded drunk or high
"I might get too drunk and forget my room number." She's back in town as ready to party apparently.
I need summer NOW!!! :(( Beach,Tan,Shopping.
RT : Never doubt your specialness. There is a specific mission on earth that only YOU can fulfill.
There is nothing better than taking a ice cold shower after a long day of work.
Dont forget to get your MALAYSIAN HAIR for the holidays I got mines Pix coming soon!
that cool :)
Nah, probably just Loteria as entertainment..
Sandy Ravage and Randy Savage are both two different icons with plenty similarities
i find that typing on the keyboard very loudly helps
Making some production notes on our new song "Sorry For That" today! Getting ready to have a new song for you! Who's excited!?
Hitchens's sessions with Rushdie was been one of the real treats of having Sir Salman here. Very sorry to learn of his death.
It's way too early! I don't want to be awake
“: And just like that #Braves are down 0-4”<~~smh
Happy Mother's Day!
Sounds like Cliff Christl is spear-heading the Packers Heritage Trail project. Be interesting to see what it's all about.
Time to whoop the Aints
it's a great way to kill time
RIP #Don Cornelius. There goes another piece of my childhood
We have SO MANY scarves... Bring a friend, or nine
I love 2 send u things but the hardest part is not knowing if u get them,do u get all your packages?? I sent u a water globe!! Hugs
you have just inspired me. I don't like ginger, but what about Apple Cinnamon? How would you make that?
Morning treats for the #BlueRock team from Baltimore's Famous #Fenwickbakery !
Going to talk shit about me? Say it to my face next time.
Porsche Announces Cayenne Diesel and All-New Boxster at New York International Auto Show
we need to hang out soon since we are both DIOR and does too!
you truly are a peach. What would I do without you?
Former Lead Inktomi Engineer On Why Google Beat Them
possibly. Check ya later on the week. Go O's!
Thanks for that feedback, Bobby. I'll pass that along to the magazine and to the annual gifts team.
#yhukno something is wrong when it is hot outside like 70 degrees n ppl still got on uggs....got you just standing there like wahhhttttt???
ok last one. Riddle me this. When filled I can point the way. When empty nothing moves me. I have 2 skins, 1 without, 1 within. What am I?
I have nothing to put here right now...
Appreciate it bro
Dc is jumpin....m
The officiating in the NBA is getting ridiculous. Refs make unnecessary calls in big moments so they can be on TV.
Thanks. Love your new report.
Had some good Easter fun at the Callanwolde Fine Arts Center. Beautiful historic mansion only 30-min walk from the house!
What are you doing this #Friday evening #SanDiego?
yes please(:
get on the iPhone tip! Lol
Yes, they keep me on my toes :) Have a great weekend!
No, not only. I also like monkeys (in the bush) ;)
haha, I wasnt trying to be mean... only trying to tell the truth
#edshow Don't believe Bill O'Reilly. Mitt's no benefactor of distressed companies -- but a wolf in Brooks Brothers clothing.
Fast Forward is killing "maneater" right now. Amazing.
Great job scoring
If you're not following , you should be.
Glad to see a state probe over beyonces hospital security shenanigans A few bucks in your pocket doesn't mean the public world is yours
DarenKagasoff. That is all.
the Fish no longer own us!!
and grandpa lol wee needa hangout this week andgo see Aranger movie where like iron men and those super heroes.
That might be less unnerving if I knew what #arld12 is.
this has been a rough week... thank goodness tomorrow is friday, friday, gonna get down on friday...
We just modified a photo
#YEEE GREAT WHICH RADIO STATION?
Prediction of the year RT : We need all that great Seminole defense v. Carolina today. And Dulkys to heat up early & often.
in Chicago this weekend... You spin?
Tired of admins saying class size doesn't matter. Try grading/ writing conferences. Would it matter if you had more teacher evals to do?
This might be well worth the late bedtime
thanks, and we love it down here! The only other place we'd consider living is the French countryside :) but San Antonio's fab
Beautiful Las Vegas day
says the reclusive one in the corner
"Diversity" is an old, old wooden ship that was used in the Civil War era.
Tina was mind fucked.
that gave me a good giggle too!
Whelp, Its been real! I fux with all my followers, But to all those not following back...dat ass will be gettin Unfollowed 2morrow
Ugh!! I saw it coming. COME ON CHELSEA!!
Ha! RT : Admit it, At least once in your life, You have tried to balance the light switch in between the on and off position.
hey! And nm just dumb school drama...
Man I'm only half memorized and I perform thursday
congrats dude!
need a drink right now
Forget Carl world. I want to live in world. Gotta get me some of that red wine . ;)
sounds great! Appreciate it.
Lakers aren't good enough to beat the Thunder in a 7 game series unless Kobe has a couple 40-50 point games at some point. But he's capable.
I LOVE playoff hockey! Let's do this Hawks!!!
Can't stop watching the miner rescue, but that tube isn't looking so good and the are at least 34 more round trips to go
Great day! g'night, loves <3
Made it to Tulsa. Time to go find an awesome place.
keep me honest. Can't keep all these girls straight. “: you mean "The Dragon Tattoo"?”
5 Billion For Michael Jackson...Gone Too Soon
What would you suggest instead?
I think anyone who has been in theatre knows more than they'd care to about dressmaking.
But, still got some great deals on shoes tonight from my favorite brand (practically the only one that makes shoes narrow enough), Nine West
Ohh cool (: I live in Denver, it's hot here too lol
": called fake and bake...we all can't be like mr Ones you go Brown you don't turn around.
I love my moms bed
Downloaded the books last night but haven't had a chance to look through them too much yet. Hoping it was worth it ;)
Today is the last home game for Be sure to stop by the Aztec Lacrosse Field at 1 pm today to support the team!
How this shid get to OT?
as always, reading imagines :)
#GreenMorning twitter world.
Visit our site www.engagemyfamily.com and post your topics of interest and like us on Facebook. We appreciate your vote.
It never gets easier. You just get better.
u shld also get rid of ur True Credit monitoring program. Waste of $$. I cancelled it 2 months ago & am still being charged.
Yup, I'm actually the author of Deadline. Thanks for the good words.
I'm not a self-help book, I'm just a fucked up kid.
Is anyone catching this sky right now? Go look outside!
...be unveiled as the New England manager. COME ON EN-GER-LAND !!!!!!!!
Re:| Amen
I hope you got yours. ... I keep mine.
#mindisrunning I thinking about a lot of things 1. and 2. It's not fair my sis and my mom get to go to Cali......
: haha what did you? Security was tight!
Any spooking knocking on door at #uclasandbox?
“: Finally, someone uses the word Bush. Fox News will edit that out.” YES
but i will judge out loud : If you format dates as MMDDYYYY instead of YYYYMMDD, I am silently judging you.
WHY WON'T MY HAIR GROW? :(
? Thug? Have you read his bio? He likes science, books, and his mother's cooking. Like said: non-issue.
Anyone out there interested in joining the package exchange? A spot just opened up and I need 1 participant. Any takers? :)
Everyone thinks we're done with testing...don't we have finals the last week of school?
I believe are complementary and powerful when we combine them
lol now you're like me
Memory is the cabinet of imagination, the treasury of reason, the registry of conscience, and the council chamber of thought...St. Basil...
well where the H. were u for eight hours???
SO TRUE!": It's not always that I take everything too serious, a lot of times its because you don't take things serious enough."
Whoa my dad just informed me that I got Neil Patrick Harris' autograph when I was a kid. Whaaa? Also: I'm now 29. Hi.
On NFL .com it's just 1 on 1 matchups, so voted for him a few times over players I liked less. Looks like 13 QBs made it
We should not teach children the sciences but give them a taste for them.
lol! It took me a while, but I know who you're talking about, ha!
playing focused by wale trying to make myself focused on this homework
My dad just made a joke that mentioned the Fresh Prince of Bellaire and hipsters. Not bad
When we love, it isn't because the person's perfect, it's because we learn to see an imperfect person perfectly
Just watched a dude hit a half court bank shot at the game & won $10,000
for sure! thanks for checking us out! ^dw
The inactive volcano that is in Yellowstone National Park.
Re tweet about exam MT : damn autocorrect. Thought I fixed that. At least there wasn't an iPhone writing portion of the exam
thanks for the follow! I never got to congratulate you on getting married!
Pay back's a bitch ! Yu fuck with me and I destroy yu mentally (:
Behind the wheel at 3 :o
crazy kids!
Defense wants to know how much money government spent on terrorism investigation in alleged Christmas Tree bombing plot. Judge denied
But where do they aim..Las Vegas and the Clubs to chase panties and hit the bar..waaaahhhh!!!
I do not know what your destiny will be, but one thing I do know: those among you who will be truly happy will be those who have sought and…
You can keep ya pussy, im on ma own dick!
Chaudhary compares famine photos to film Precious - need to see another's suffering to feel pleasure of sympathy, a sadism w/in compassion.
Headache check, sore throat check, ringing ears check. All signs of a good concert, I think so.
#FF for tweets like this: "The newborn in the library can be excused for crying. The rest of you? Not so much."
It is unspeakably beautiful in KC tonight. I wish you all were enjoying a glass of wine with me on the deck.
pistol-whipped so far but I haven't listened to the whole thing yet
Serial killer Scott Williams had dozens of ceramic dolls in his bedroom.
just got got in #io2011 try again folks, thanks
oh wth! U even trade up for something better.. Nice trade!
Thank you for the follow!
Thanks for sharing! I love FREE Kindle books.
Habitat 4 Humanity will be live at Organization Fair. Spread the word and tell everyone to come out and support.
(Elbert Hubbard) Responsibilities gravitate to the person who can shoulder them.
oh that's cool! :)
Should I buy a hand gun?
New York's #1 Full Color Printing Company - www.Rushflyerprinting.com
this is in San Antonio
hi slut i missed u
The more I get pulled in one direction the more it makes me want to push away.
*crickets* *crickets* - Sarah M.
Live tweeting from #brandCOS. Give us your feedback! Tell us what you think about your city!
OK...I'm late...but I just realized I can stream my netflix membership through my Droid phone...
Weird people
": haha. Shh. I had to test it for you two :)" silly.. well when is our turn
you'll get the hang of it, at 1st I felt the same way u did, but then I got used to it, just like I got used to FB lol:)
When you want to talk to an old friend, but know it won't be the same:/
also if is interested in a folding bike fixed-gear conversion: LET ME KNOW
My house. In front of my TV screen with junk food surrounding me and preparing 2 fangirl ;P ^.^
you had a better chance of winning with Denver. #knickssuck!
sorry.. not feeling too great tonight :( we will make this up on cinco de drinko??
Cute LONG fan fic in the process of writing, dedicated to y'all :)
Winter colds are beyond miserable!
From my friends to my enemies.... I wish you all a joy filled holiday season.
Ah nice to hear it's sunny where you are :) We've got clouds but had days of sun so I can't bitch!
Found worlds best pandora station. I forgot how much I love music.
yawn to the rest of this draft, seeing who the giants get then done
what a day! Wow. And I still can't believe Arsenal managed to finish 3rd.
#vegetarian RT : Case of mad cow disease confirmed in California, USDA says - Bloomberg News'
GOOD EVENING.... TO ALL!!~
I wish you would reply to me :( check your dms :(
happy birthday ! :D <3
At the #SOTU sitting front row center in the press gallery
Editing has resumed. Here's hoping it one day ends.
Trying to battle a head cold for the past few days. Missing my
Ha! "The classy kill"
If I could prioritize myself. Easier said than done. RT : Create a plan. Execute plan. Achieve goal.
RT - Was that a great NFL regular-season or what? Lockout? What lockout?
Some people simply don't find it funny which is fine
eh, i don't think the rate hike is that awful, but i love a lot of the weird, not so well known movies that are instant :)
Audience Of One acoustic.
Come to our Holiday open house!
sorry we didn't manage to get together during daylight hours. One of these days I will make it down your way.
thank you for the mention!
Paolo and Eugenio — We look forward to your tweets! Your friends in California, Alisha and Polly
- Prash, thanks for the
i need kid rock tickets 2 b day bash 15th
How was your special lunch date?
Basketball season is officially underway! And while I forever miss the SuperSonics... I still love the game! :-)
boots, baby, boots
it is amazing how many people are still awake ha:)
When I get paid, one our my top priorities is to go hang out with
has been a huge trial for us today! Anyone know why we get an "Upgrade Now!" page after every 10 or so search results?
I needed that talk
you already know them Brit boys drive me mad
stay tuned - we're working on a MLK day community dinner. Would love to have RT Networks involved!
So lets face it i can't pick a dog's name. Lol
Whoa. I really shouldn't have checked the time in Warsaw. I just realized I've been up for 24 hours and haven't even had dinner yet.
you got it. It's what I do. ;) look forward to seeing your site.
I am frequently mortified by the volume "kids these days" listen to music on their headphones. P.S. If I can make out lyrics, it's too loud.
Well, since there's overlap of Keegan working at the farm and me needing to go to classes, two vehicles might be in order...
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success.
Looking out the window, watching that lovely, seasonal April snowfall. Ah, Denver weather...love it, even I'll never get used to it. :-)
It's not a trick question if you can come by for a visit right now!!
Sad day. Steve Jobs passes away at 56. Great man. Will be missed.
It made it. It's hanging. Get used to it, because it will always hang. Nat'l titles you've witnessed: UK 3; UL 0
Dear #PassionPit, please help me keep sane throughout the rest of the day. #PleaseAndThankYou <3
You are so good at bridging! Your mama raised you right. ^LG
Shockers up 32-10 with 4 min. left in the first half. I guess that's pretty good.
13 wins to go.
PickUpLine: I'll bet you $20 my dick can't fit into your mouth.
to define Hollywood, Silver Lake, Echo Park, Los Feliz and Downtown. Thursday, May 7 @ Eastside Luv
Ill Strangle You With a Pen
My nigga Rondo showed out tonight.
Its going to be a KILLER show and best of all its FREE!!! Contact us at for tickets! :D
What would it take to get Justin Turner back?
Be yourself; everyone else is already taken. —Oscar Wilde
Peacha n I will meet you there! (that was so wrong)
what got a twitter???
Hey there! I noticed you're doing the competition also for the TR Blog. Good luck to you too :)
Also, that's sold out! And that's
Side note : that fruit cup I just had was aweesommmeeee . I def need to make an effort to eat more fresh fruits on a daily basis. And water.
NEW AIRSOFT PISTOL SET Model P618 REPLICA HANDGUNS SET fires ;P
Add BBC/PBS to the list of things capable of terrifying me.
Monday again, Happy this week, Everyone!
You can gadge someone's mental illness by how clean they keep their sweat pants.
A baseball guy to watch the baseball guy to watch the manager to watch the baseball players?
Ah, gotcha! I haven't been up to that facility.
Thanx for the follow
Had a meeting earlier today trying to deal with the budget cuts to the UW. Not fun. Lot's of innovative tech programs on the chopping block.
What if we come to both?!
Thanks for the reference~
always great to see you and hear you sing!
I woke up feeling so amazing this morning! I love when I sleep so much! Now Happiness is going to be this Rock Star 18 hour day of work!!!
I kinda wanna bleach myself...I look like a starving African child.
We are coming for you! RT : #oldstyleopener bout to set off!
Lalalala that's all i hear you sayin
the video is awesome. I watch it ever so often.
haha I might have to do this too! I'll set "eye of the tiger" as my alarm tomorrow morning, do you think it'll work?
Rick Kern of UC Berkeley on "Textualization and Recontextualization" at #cercll2011. His opening remarks will go up on YouTube next week!
that movie was kinda a toilet. Bad.
hey momma !!
Hey Young World!!!
watched a movie today, it made me so thankful our world isn't like that today. good movie-
we'll fill your stocking soon
hey party ppl! in baltimore,washington!
I LLALALALlLLlalalalalalaLALALA LOVE TURN TO YOU<:
God told Derrick to rise, so Derrick Rose.
I done just made love to a catalytic converter. Shur do loves me some plat'num
is singing to me on the phone again...please SHUT UP!
I am very excited to be included in the audience workstream of the DPLA. My first meeting will be next month in Dallas.
Can't find my elmo hat :/
People in wheel chairs always have the cleanest shoes #tomean?
Good Night <3!
cute amber!
Social media goals don't have to be rooted in selling more tickets. Consider targeted audience outreach.
wish I could be there cuzo
compare me to Gwyneth again. I dare you.
#Str8LykeDes... Time after time mane gad damn....
What an incredible game
I am so condescending with my mother
"Does Minimalism make Pop horny?" Good question, John Waters.
watching #FavoriteWillSmithMovie Enemy of the State
You've got that right! Any fun sunny day plans?
ever hear back from Greg Oden?
Iggies is included in our newsletter along with other industry folks.
so I'm at McDonald's and I'm sitting by a window and this kid goes thru the drive thru and points and stares at me so I gave him the finger.
My hearts a stereo, it beats for you. So listen close, hear my thoughts and every noo ot ote. , damn you this song is amazing. :)
That is fantastic, and I am not at all surprised!! Many happy returns!
i told them but they kept on lol
Opening the Garage Jason Evenchik (Time, Bar, Vintage) goes before the city Zoning Hearing Board on Wednesday with his plan for The Garag
We all just expect more from him than he does from himself
Are any other Mac users having trouble viewing PDFs from EBSCO or ProQuest in a web browser?
You guys hear about the basketball player Dr. J.? Yeah, he committed suicide today
maybe he figures if you cant fully understand what he is saying, he will sound less idiotic...
you're taking the mcat?? awww yaayyy! good luck girl, i know the struggle!
RT! Perfect<U+2714> Sweet<U+2714> Hot<U+2714> Caring<U+2714> Gorgeous<U+2714> Amazing<U+2714> Nice<U+2714> Incredible<U+2714> Personality<U+2714> Funny<U+2714> Talented<U+2714> = #JustinIsBiebmazing. -ali<U+2665>
#UW and #OSU coming down to the wire. Love it!!
sure wish. I'll make some calls
i really need to see the #BELIEVEalbumCover ! like now im gonna freaking die justin!!
i am Stacy Mildor
Cant waiit 2 b done with school... 4 more associated terms... 2014 is my last year i will be done by 23... Thats old as hell bt oh well
the way me and stephanie are standing on the street by ourselves POSSIBLY GOING TO GET RAPED OR SHOT
Thanks to #iste and Debren Ferris for having me present on their Webinar series.
Well I know you are. What about them?
Xtamina Energy Drink's sampler packs for $10 you will get 2 cans of Xtamina Energy Drink + Xtamina Mix CD & Pumper Sticker
I am working on budget for IntelliJ for my dept right now
Should I hand out another chance? Tough question...
Thanks for the RT Love!
and it's not even my birthday...
Only 6 more performances of Rip Tide! Get your tickets now! You don't want to miss this!
Dr. Who + scarves + Facebook + laughter + helping
Looking 4 more support for our fledgling FaceBook page: please search on "Memorial Branch Los Angeles Public Library" & give us a thumbs up!
If my dude don't be here by 2 iam cheatin#NEEDDICKNOW!!!!!!!!!
Every second I love Ariana Grade more than I did before!
I am not dogmatic, but I am much less apt to follow those who tweet for PR only.
thanks! I really enjoyed having you in class! Stay in touch!
I can't change a tire, yet I learned to juggle.
My brother high as a mf playing call of duty lhh
Jaguar to build F-type sports car
Country music as this crowd rocking can't wait for the line dancing
How exciting to meet Andrew Dosunmu & on Twitter. Look forward to seeing RESTLESS CITY this weekend in Atlanta!
Is it Friday yet?
Alex Wilson is starting. Stop down for Booze & Blues. $5.00 Stoli Mixers. $4 Skyy Bomb. Show this post for a free C22 shot!
we love you<3
I hope I get to do the millionaires video
writing a job description for our summer intern....can I include Starbucks delivery?
God Morning! Iet's start off the today together on KXAN News Today with news,traffic,weather and live from the cowboy breakfast--yum!
Can't trust none of this niggas... Can't trust none of these hoes. #SmokeOut Conversations
I already started, lol. I'm about to put people on. "you too can slowly stare into space with a smile"
Talk by Mark B. Brown "Is Climate Change Good for Democracy" at 7:30pm in the JO Performance Hall today. Join us.
Thanks for making dinner! You are a good cook!
OMG!!! I just spoke to Timo Hildebrand!!!
If only we could!
The Great Road was the earliest English thoroughfare developed in the Colonies.
im not sure how to take that.. compliment? insult?
Sparring at
:-) RT : I love cooking for boys!
Agra: Milk adulteration on the rise
lmao I hate u
Avengers for the second time.... Pray I stay awake!
I was just going to ask you (or your bot) how this is similar to / different from
#Netflix is not letting me view my Instant Que
aw crap. I owe a beer, or something.
Thank you so much :] You're too kind. We're working on it though, we'll be hitting the road a lot in 2012
In the doc's office to find no appt. Efficiency at its best. It's cocktail hour somewhere.
excited to be heading to Seattle soon (#UCDA) but anxious about getting everything done today before the fun starts.
Today we gathered for Holocaust Remembrance Day to mourn the millions of lives lost and honor those who risked their lives for others
Updating my resume reminds me I've become a shitty activist. Maybe if I dread my hair, no one will ask me what I'm doing for the movement.
yes! I hear those are expensive... save the phone, you get a new one every two years anyway :P
I mean if you know me, you know I LOVE to take pictures so I guess it just makes sense..
Heads up - We're going to make a special announcement about tonight's Chris Robinson Brotherhood show at exactly 4:20 this afternoon!
What if writers communities began organizing to demand price-setting norms in the new e-pub market?
HIS IDEAS. Hahahahaha.
Getting ready for Aprils Birthday Bash at Mastrellas! Come down April 23rd for a great night of classic rock from The Pretenders, Deep...
Just saw a commercial for frozen fish that said gluten free
I really can't stand that team!!! However your looking great in that pic!!!
Well my twitter handle is better lol
Golden Ticket: Win ur choice of a live auction item! Check out catalog for full details or talk to sellers w/ flashing rings!
The Candlestick Park Antique & Collectible Faire for tomorrow has been cancelled!
People look happy, in fact. So, I reckon it's much ado about nothing. That's so often the way it is.
Back at you, girl!!
thanks for the follow back. Great job on the podcast.
Nice photo. Wish I was there : )
I lol'd at velociraptor toenail
The sex commercials they always have on late night are funny af always got me rolling
no, you don't understand! Girardi's binder calculated that Bucknor ...
": Thank you for the follow:-)" thank you also!
hey! I finally decided to follow you on here too!!
I don't even Bike anymore haha it's all about
I'm with Sam. I'm having a jammies day too.
Why you inspired?
Not true. Let's just focus on Jillian Barbarie for right now.
What trouble shud I get into tonight hm.... #scandalous lights, camera, action someone's making a flick tonight lol XxxoXo
Sweet #Boston Sales Guy got an offer to valet cars. Progress not perfection :)
Make a habit of reading something inspiring or cheerful before you go to sleep
Stop walking around in the grocery store eating all the fruit an then blaming it on yo kids -_-
. I would watch, but your draconian and outdated black out rules prevent me
a lot of people were into self-harm, only because everyone else was doing it.
First of all why the hell did Ezekiel go to Visible Changes lmao.
Heard you had the <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>. Get well soon, Bitch. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A>
Jarred is now on Twitter - follow him
#3rdshift on the grind. Almost done
Well, I'm very willing to create special brownie deals this week so let me know if your brownie craving gets too intense. ;o)
Wiping the slate clean for 2012. What inspires you?
And He's Always Gonna My Baby Boy No matter Whatn<U+2665>
RT : i want to be reincarnated into anthony bourdain's thumb ring.
I can't wait to hear it!!! I love you guys!!! <333
Where is that? Looks alot like coastal NC.
lol I cracked the hell up when I read your response to
It's 11pm on a Sunday and im making Mac & Cheese without milk. No food in the apt and im starving!
Just mke the announcement already.
I could think of about 100 more words that are more fitting, but it's Monday morning. I'll keep it PG.
Yale Forum posting on 9 scientists' "lessons learned" from controversies of past 12 months. bit.ly/9UYOjt
Had a great time working a product promo for earlier today! So happy to talk about my fave product: Super Slip Sudsy Shampoo!
- how about wine in a pouch or a keg?
TWO. MORE. DAYS.
Three more days and then a full on Christmas vacation. I'll get to dive into some books ... which ones? Depends on what Santa brings!
God, thanks. Life is so crazy these days. Everyone i know is currently trying to tackle insurmountable odds. 2012 i guess.
I was wondering why you kept tweeting about work and stuff. It kept adding spam links too.
"I only argue wit’ ‘em when the Lakers on other than that I’m getting my Marc Jacobs on"
I do it two time a week at the Y. I'm trying to start teaching it again, now that I have my work authorization.
you can't be lonely here for long. especially if you broadcast it on twitter :o)
NFL Draft Party! Aye yo, Andrew.. I see you!
OMG THE LIKES ON BOYFRIEND JUST GET HIGHER AND HIGHER :D !! HATERS ARE SAYING THEY LOVE IT ;D
Mojo back to the farm next year... PLEASE!!!
This light room is cold as fuck though.. Lol
what's the fine print on the Tuesday Kids eat free? I have 5 kids. Be afraid, be very afraid.
Amen :P
Fuck that !! So why didn't she talked to her calm and collective.. She came at her like it was.going down lol
Job interview tomorrow. Goodbye, poverty!
How come ESPN doesn't have the match up option on the brackets this year? Can't compare teams statistics...
God Bless The Jonas Brothers is trending. Ah, I remember when I was an 8 year old crazed fan #Memories <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
Thank you~I've never been disappointed in Asheville;) Thank you for the weather update ;) (50's) ah nice!!!
When is your class reunion?!
is always delicious! Then again Al Boccalino is a treat & so is , just up the street. Bon Appetite!
Rock-bottom. Either that's the lowest point in one's life or Kim Kardashian's ass.
tv: Martin show, In Living Color, early Scrubs, Gilligan's Island, Adult Swim movies: Young Frankenstein, Blazing Saddles, Half Baked
I heard that "Today is the first day of the rest of your life" I prefer to say that "Today is the Last of your Past!"
downloading you new iPhone app now! Thanks for the blessing :)
No one wants to help us get to follow us?...okay then
Hope had a wonderful birthday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Where does the mapping of symbolic name to target English string reside? Did you write your own genstrings-like workflow?
Thanks for the #WW! Hope I'm out on the left coast soon!
My Night Doe ! Lol
that is awesome lol. That was very well played, have to use that one some time lol
Cell phone: off; Internet: going off; Coffee: brewed, let the studying commence...
my brain hurts
there is a meeting this month about the preposal between perry and oliver highschool now if any adult has anything to say about it come to
For a parking ticket...
lolol........... are you slow. give me some blogs to follow... acctually nevermind i'll just look at who you reblog slow one
nice. come on down to State and 4th :)
Thank you kindly for the RTs and mentions...
congrats making the tourney. Good luck to you and the bobcat nation. We will be cheering for you here in Marietta.
Commissioning on Twitter! LOVE spending not-my-$ for awesome ideas on my couch in my underwear =far better than in the office
Tonight you can catch Envy Protege Fashion show at the Other Side arts Venue on 1644 Platte Street, Denver, Co 80202 <3 starts at 6pm
where are you
Sorry Araknsas! AP sources: #Arkansas hiring John L. Smith as interim coach to replace Bobby Petrino next season.
congratulations, Jennifer - I thought you kept it together pretty well!
Ima delete my instagram app off my phone on Thursdays.. yall invade my timeline with your throwback struggle pictures
nmmm I just got home(; u?
If you think swimming isn't a sport you are an idiot and you should try completing one practice. You will probably die.
You're welcome! :D
Happy Monday everyone! Hope your week starts off well :)
great talks by both and Mackenzie Smith
Having a great time pickin' and singin' at the
Let me out of here !!!
WTF Franklin went digital! that's jive!
hi pal. I couldn't find my psych paper.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> Sowwy.
! : Today is the day! Come visit us at The Market located at 328 W. 14th St (btwn 8th & 9th ave). We will be here until 7pm!
He picked Boston for his fantasy challenge! And, 3rd day at work and they already gave him a $1 raise
that was two days ago about the convo with me and mark and I have to tell u something else...wat happened to u?? :'(
Enjoy your meal during dinner the dining experience turns into dance known 4city of best nightlife in Baltimore!
This Female That i Keep Seeing In My TL Wants Lola's Cookies. XD
But evil requires the sanction of the victim, amirite?? (Just kidding just kidding JUST KIDDING!!!)
where did you guys go?
Congrats to Heather Bowe (Regis) & Jenny Lindner on being named Cloverbelt West & East Division Players of the Year!
We offer multiple quotes from an array of companies to provide the best coverage along with the best premium for our customers.
Klout - it is helpful as a reference, not as an authority ~
of course your welcome. your awesome!
My dreams be telling me shit!!
I think it would do so well here. Maybe Georgetown?
Chick-fil-a for dinner
I have such a baby face it pisses me off
Nearly 50 #youth signed up for our customer service seminar tomorrow! Wish us luck!
Can't believe I was too scared to watch "Super 8"...it's so good...so new millennium "ET" u Rock
My coworkers have seen my undies more times than is kosher. It's a game now. Just have to be sure i always wear interesting panties.
and i just walked outside and its freezing!!!!
you're beautiful! Theres no reason you should feel bad about yourself!
I haven't. But I'm guessing I should go download it right now!! Lol
9:30 a.m. and 11:30 a.m. is prime time.Give reporters enough time to meet their deadlines. They need 3 hours for the best story results.
#Slatest makes exc. point. Why have 50 reporters from 50 outlets chasing 1 story? Share story > pursue 49 new stories
Thrilled that (Clair Huxtable on The Cosby Show; one of my fav. TV characters) will be teaching at my Alma Matar Fordham.
hello only place i can freely vent. FUCK!!!!!!!! FUCK FUCK!!!!!
Who's going to cover the stuff in Boston? I recommend you hire a freelance guy named
thanks. Anything i can do to boost your rpms
#YouCuteAndAllBut you talk like someone smacked you with a slang dictionary. Speak some proper grammar.
Man, oh man! Split pea and ham soup, cornbread, hot tea, The Gories on the box as I watch snow pile up outside! This is LIVIN'!
Can you quit being so bored at work and taking pics of random things haha
add a goal, work on spelling. *personal
Nothing bout to eat... u going tomorrow?
Hawaii olympian shares history, heritage of spearfishing
The Tell-Tale Pancreas
lol I'm slightly disappointed that it's not a wisk. :)
It Bee The Dumbest FUNNIEST Cutest Saddest Rawest Shidd On Tumblr Lbvss ;)
Wow, trained for an hour. It's been a minute since I trained outside, I need to stop going to the gym so much!
oh, my hands are shivering... too much WII for today
lol she tired of us ignoring her every year lol
I think we got our dough *too thin*!
I have 1 quadrillion of US Treasury Bonds for sale. They are in an old US Army trunk. I will sell them cheap. Lmk!
Another day at school of massage therapy MLK is on monday no school but keep on studyin tho i luv my school.
Telling myself I won't regret that my gestalt moment of paper writing came on a Sat night when I'm traipsing through Germany in a month...
Had a great visit at today with to see "Royalists to Romantics" and explored the other exhibitions.
vote let's bring her back a third or wait 4th time lol
There were a few days when nothing snip-worthy was occurring - thanks for your concern!
Not one Damn thing to do at 2:45am. Who knew?!!!! Bored outta my mind
Lisa Lampanelli is coming to Comedy Works late October. Who's in?
my mom just asked me why i tweet you all the time. the answer is cause i will never give the dream up of following me.
Jjajajaj Yupii..! Go to Acapulco the Sunday..! Jjaja flow me back?? Yes or not
I'll have to catch up on some work notes by Monday. :)
I'm so tired and I just want sleep so bad.
When church folk get excited they'll usually say 'Amen'....i like to say....'Yaymen'...it just sounds more fun adding the 'yay'
thanks for the follow Jim. Please spread the work about us
great site!
Not sure who I want to vote for tonight.
****NASHVILLE: Tommorow! *TWITTER TUESDAYS: STAR MODELS & BOTTLES NIGHT* EVERYBODY FREE TILL 11P/$5 TILL 12A! <Please RT
Cardio day to workout the soreness.
please follow I love all your videos'!!:D!!!!!
i gotta get some medicine soon my dogg
Do you have a favorite from #CES this year? Fantastic design at CES Photos | Fantastic design at CES Pictures - Yahoo! News via
...Dont u hate it, sweet dreams ;D
Yeah, sorry about that. Glad you saw it was spam.
"Just heard Depeche Mode and thought of you..." This is what I was talking about.....
ya.seriously.
Okay, that's it...after this year's I'm making it official. NOT filling out a #bracket next year! Done & Done.
not sure what to say about that...
omg then drinking will keep you up more , and omg NyQuil works too :!
RT : Getting the right players together leads to a wonderful experience
I love the word "pocket." Also, for some reason, "mozzarella." Abd "giggle." They're just so fun to say.
What's happening at right now? They started airing the Tonight Show as usual but then it switched to Jimmy Fallon after a minute.
no we never practice we have it Thursday
Bite Your Tongue. “: was Black Sheep mentioned?”
Is that supposed to be a bad thing? It sounds kind of fun, actually.
My wisdom tooth that's coming out made a cut in my mouth /:
It's easy to forget how much easier it is to work on a project when you stop thinking about it and just start doing it.
Lest we forget.
If the city never sleeps then that makes two.
act like she can't buy me a baseball bat. But I still love her though
I wanna be Filipino thou. They're cool.
Thank you! Good win
additional items: eat from 30 different Austin food trailers, "run" a 5K, attend Austin City Limits (for at least one day)
Potential negative side effects frm drinking Forever Aloe Gel: NONE! Order today! Stay healthy so U won't have 2 use chemicals & drugs!
If you're in #Vegas tonight, its not too late to get down to or | 2 of the best parties on the Planet! |
my anxiety level has to be at its max right now.
Thanks Teri! We're excited to share in the Twitter trail love.
It is. You thinking I'm a bigger bitch than you? That's funny stuff.
yes well most of them that aren't greedy.
so excited for you to play for us June 5th!
that is a good accomplishment! If you were in Dallas I'd take you out for coffee to celebrate!
scar from the lion king
oh and whats the topic tomorrow?
How's the mask doing?!
All-AMC Baseball Team was announced today. Pioneers get 7 on 1st Team, 1 on 2nd Team. Torres Coach of the Year, Peluso Pitcher of the Year
It's so hard to blog w/ a 16 month old hell bent on preventing it
It's going to be a great week for Dogging in Indy this week...
All the UDID talk over the past 2 weeks is grt. Now its time for us in the industry to execute! Moving on benefits the entire eco-system GO!
get on it!
- "do u have any skills beside basketball” - "a couple" - "LOL..funny question"
Lookin for a place for Jacob to ride this weekend on his Cobra. Anyone know any tracks that are still open?
This CeeLo character singing for the #NBAPlayoffs on ESPN looks like an overweight chocolate Easter bunny with bite size snickers for arms.
Follow back Chick!
Fun day hanging out with Babbie Mason taping Babbie's House!!!
Follow these people
I'm attending so many concerts this summer. Going to three Thrice shows (punny), Murder By Death, mewithoutYou and who knows what else.
irving is an ass nxt tyme i c yuh hope yuh run faster
I have that car ha
Thanks for the follow!
Yeah hey flew over here on Thursday and on Friday he started working and i got to meet him
I hope you watched, although my spoiler tweet will make you happy :)
I believe u were thinking something else & miss spoke in English. Hell, u do it all the time.Have a translator for awhile. Lol
A gr8 tchr should be able to do amazing work in a room of white walls! It would be interesting research!
it's in the terms of use. You've already consented.
Jubilation, Whole Foods on Carlisle, and Kelly Liquors on Wyoming are the only places carrying it
I want them for me. picks the 11 best illustrated children's books of 2011. brainpickings.org/index.php/2011
Good day tweeples, what a fabulous day in S.Fl. #gottaloveit :-)
uh - easiest question of the day. iphone. no debate.
I realize this is an argument that will go nowhere but: while I admit the superiority of the socratic NYC slice, I reject the notion
... too windy and cold for the great game of #golf in the great city of #denver today ... tommorrow ?
Josh Hamilton is unreal. That ball was up and in, I have no idea how he hit that.
Not until we are lost do we begin to understand ourselves.
I woulda talked to you but I was at dinner with mom. Misquoting Doc Holliday, my rudeness only goes so far. :)
SHARON NEEDLES!
Great to hear! Don't let them overload on Buffalo wings and Tim Hortons. :-) ...
Perfect end 2 an always fun night w/ dept is playing essentials front 2 back!
got to go bye tweeters love y'all
No because I haven't had a nap in months.
Word, Go In A Foe!
Having movie night at my house
Good point. And to think I was alone on this issue.
I lock the door behind me when no one is home because nothing seems worse than being attacked while you are on the toilet.
cool let's go
omg i hate myself oppsieee!
i love maury so much.
That's a question for ! #smbaustin RT : And about that Tweet/Book contest thingy?
San Antonio: Much of the work week, we'll have p/cloudy skies. Few Shwrs Thursday and Friday. Today: P/cloudy, High 84.
Hunt for a Doberge Cake in Houston continues....
Save the Cow and the Chicken eat more Hot Steamed Crabs!
well I'm absolutely down for that. I start work at 6 so anytime before that
yea the cheapest I've seen is 70
no been in gatlinburg and headed back north
You’ve still got a chance to WIN A NEW 16gb iPAD just by having drinks at Fire during the NCAA Tourney, stop in for details!
Watching finding nemo with in Critical thinking!
ur so done in the Playoffs lol
Ira furor brevis est - Anger is a brief insanity. (Horace)
Bummed that the office was a clip show tonight.
I will!!
Hope all my alumnae and professor friends tweet from Commencement today.
I swear, a glass of wine works better on me than a case of Ambien.
I miss you too ! Oh Kay sleep good ;) ! Love you too <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Shawna, East County Biz Center's resident message therapist, is offering a one hour message for only $35 (619)456-3754
Thank you ^__^
“: New music from and in a matter of minutes!!!” RETWEEEEET!!
Follow Back please <3
My coffee cup had orange tea in it yesterday. Today my coffee has a slight orange taste, it's oddly delicious.
Good Morning! It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver.
Woah..actually felt that quake..wild sensation. Glad it was nothing big.
Looks like tomorrow is the day! Keep your eyes peeled for some fresh storefront art if you're in downtown cville
OFFSTAGE: Rascal Flatts Reveal Top Crying Songs
#abbeyroad medley, rain, and cold toes. #oncetherewasaway to get back home.
Haha. I'm not homesick. Vacations are just way more fun with you. (that earns a foot and back rub, right?)
Cruise for my birthday, then to Palm Springs to talk for Autism Society, then to MA for my daughters graduation, then back to NY.
I do not wanna do homework. But I have to <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Let's go we got this!!!
Nope it's King Arthur's REALLY BIG MAGICAL SWORD! - Enjoy!
Parents&#39; student loan debt
#Cardinals way to go cards fans still in the game
bedtime for me.
my birthday is in 8 days...yay
I'm thinking about building an Ark.
That is an un-achievable dream for me. I tip my hat to you (and hope you don't get an email to alert you of this message).
The full moon isn't 'til tomorrow, but I feel like doing my Tarot cards tonight.
“Perhaps one of my many weaknesses has been an oversupply of confidence”- Lowell Thomas
You guys, try not to fall through metal chairs. You will get stuck and it will take 3 people to help get you up and you will get scratched
#AirForum2011 Stop by booth #30 to learn how to get 75% online course evaluation response rates. MyClassEvaluation by IOTA Solutions.
Wanna record that? not kidding
can't wait to see the commercials
Hi Norma! How's it "in your region"? :)
pleez follow mee im new to twitter and needs advice
Who lives in a pineapple under the sea? Spongebob squarepants! Who died of an oil spill cause of BP? Spongebob squarepants!
RT We love dogs! Send us a photo of your baby and we will pick one to post on our Facebook page!
im right by oomf rite now
we can date just move to tx
Wow, thx for all the compliments! I'm going to take you up on that cause mkting follow up...
In we went up 1% to 49.5% almost 50% come on #teammindless lets win this for
You STAY hungry
that's what she said!
Cleveland is the headline story on
I blame it on the Model broad with the Hollywood Smile, stripper Booty & a Rack like Woww
Textaphrenia - thinking you've heard or felt a new text message vibration when there is no message.
aaaahhh love it!!!
Children's WIP for Tweens, has become decidedly serious. Going back in for more.
looks like a nice night out tonight
Congrats to Jennifer Old! Winner of our $250 Holiday Feast Giveaway. Thanks to all who entered. Check back for more contests coming soon!
I'm a stubborn nigga mayne
I got that garage band app for the iphone ipod right..and i must say its a pretty awesome ass app....GREAT buy
thinking about relationships and relativity... They are not one in the same...
I'm spinnin in your head, spinnin in your head, spinnin in your head.
Done. Thank goodness they forgot the second one. If you're thinking of attending my talk, I'm way less nervous in that setting!
Zombie junk heads in
Duh! Just saw that you already read it. It's the sun stroke! :-) Hope u r having a great time!
More #soccer Coachisms: You can't teach that.= I know I can't anyway.
i know that feel broseph
is one awesome woman!
Jus Gttn Off Fina Gt N Bed Wen I Gt Home
*sings to Rae* "I wouldn't care if you was a prahhhh-stitooooot, annnat you hit 'err man that you, ehhhhva knew…"
My mom wants to watch The Avengers, no lie this will be the third time!
Send me those slides!
Thanks Holly! yes spread the word :)
Austin's curly is sexy af
When I look int the distant future, I see us tweeting 2gether in real time sitting in our wheel chairs. and walkers. -Sincere Sweet Tweet
wonder what it'd take to meet that someday. listenin to your music forever man
keep in mind I did just bike 50 miles yesterday
Sun is shining in Wales! Feels like summer!! Hope it stays like this for my birthday in 3 days!
Betty Buckley on stage at 's 25th Emery Awards!
Well good night Word of advice PLEASE don't get on my bad side tomorrow I'm going to be very stressed out I'm gonna try not talking tomorrow
There's a 90 degree day in the 7-day forecast. In 2011, PDX didn't see 90 degrees until August 20th!
I know they sell them at rei
all I am saying is $214MM can buy a lot of pizza
lol. You ain't gotta tell me twice !
Thanks dude, didn't sink the ship...
If u say ur #Mexican well make sure u kno wat holidays r when an that #CincoDeMayo isn't a real Mexican Holiday
One week till prom! & 6 weeks til school is out.. this school year flew by fast
call me n u will get ya head ripped off!
Democratic office on the north side is crazy busy today
ah, when ur at a comp !
TONIGHT: Brent Glass on the Future of Museums at at 7 PM. Sponsored by
Debra Stevens
good one Paul ;)
I haven't been to Red hook in a while. Had a great meal across from the Ikea.
+ FlipBook App on the iPad + Droid to FlipBook saving = long car ride boredom averted!
good job! Thx for cleaning 'em up for
Friday, February 10 is my 63rd birthday! I was born on February 10, 1949 at 5:33am in Washington, D.C. Interested in astrological reading.
The spring concert was perfect <U+263A>
I can't wait to spend the night with the love of my life tonight. :)
. Yeah, the "should I throw this away yet" does force me to read. But email might do same?
My Automotive Technology Highschool Class has really helped increase my tolerance level
Saturday Night with DJ CUT aka "The King of Albuquerque" spinning Top 40, Hip Hop, old school and RnB! Drink specials all night long !
Happy Monday! The weekend weather was a nice change!
how is your spring looking? Who are you singing for? What's in your audition book?
If you look deep enough you will see music; the heart of nature being everywhere music
Scottish Clad bagpiper playing Amazing Grace at sunset-wow!
You can't believe how insanely good the music made for #SexyResuts is. Can't stop listening to it a million times in a row.
thats not what he said
come on budknocker get it right buddy
You talk like a shit salesman with a mouthful of samples
2 week break from dance, and I don't know what to do with my life.
Face hurts again.. :/
Thanks to for mentioning 20 Mayoral Questions col at last night's #sdmayornp bash. Much appreciated!
It's clean up time. Always better when you put some P-FUNK it iT! Funky.... yeah. Burn Rubber. cause you and yo folks love me & my folks.
THANK GOODNESS FOR THAT ONE!
From seeking spiritual enlightenment, to climbing the corporate ladder, the things a person seeks from life usually take effort to achieve.
Taxes: filed! Refund: in process!
Philly sports fans up in arms. JR has been taking a beating all day. lol.
yay, thank you for the mention! Happy Valentines day!
Investors wanted! Great income properties, 40-60% below market value! Several with financing in place and 0 down!! Call me today!!
I could take Rahzvan, bro. I can do it.
Does anyone else have a problem with cracked closet doors at bedtime? Wide open, no problem. Cracked...
good morning LosAngeles, drive safe everybody!
welcome to the #Patriots, you are gonna fit in well and kick some ass.
May 17th 7pm ET TWITTER CHAT about Lupus dermatological issues with Activist Leyla Moreno
Tuesday Special: Regular Beef or Polish, topped with carmalized onions, only $2.50! Also try fresh baked chocolate chip pumpkin cookies!
Pokadotted and Young Nick Cannon
I'm tired of hearing about the MexArmyDrugCartel who keep crossing our borders. Time 4 Texans 2 remind them about
is a douche
I Wish He Stop Calling Me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I'm never gonna let this down just so you know lmao
Oprah hasn't been "hot" since '84. Jane was hot in the '70s.
I will NEVER buy dairy products from California.
“: Camo gear (hat, shirt, bat, compression gear, bgs) to prepare for battle on the field. #baseballswag”
Completed jobs going through. Things are looking up.
Saying goodbye to the familiar. Hello to change.
Will our children look back on 2008 as a test of capitalism?
Singing with karoline and joshua!
Justin Nozuka… still awesome…
I bought this book last week! It's absolutely perfect. On the nose Sameer!
Chilly in the city tonight
Just wanted to say "hello"...r u still in Chicago? Blessings!
Working remotely & enjoying Led Zep #Pandora while working on reports about blogging, academic quality & MALS marketing. Happy Thanksgiving!
are you getting a new one?
Get well soon!
That's wild! RT : a fun part of defense was when my advisor brought up 's SEM paper from LA in 2010.
Kennedy asks whether #SB1070 allows detention "if it takes 2 weeks" to determine imm status.
Stop the torture
My kitty is an ICONiac Too..! :)
yea hot of a guy lol!!!
A-Town
Kirk Bloodsworth, first person to be exonerated from death row through post-conviction DNA testing speaks first at #deathpenalty event
Shout out 2 rg3 I still don't like the redskins tha
Good win Grizz!!
priceless #newplay insight
Now that was scary
hmm... sounds like an interesting combination. As long as the superhero hybrid has my hair...
Love my ear stretchers
Have to say...i have the most amazing followers!!! Thank you all for watching my music videos and all your amazing support!!! You Rock!!!
Today is Valentine's Day. Or, as men like to call it, Extortion day.~ Jay Leno
you are a sweetheart "the only contestant i've seen do ballet justice on miss america was my girl miss d.c. !"
#TeamFollowBack i follow back i promise!!!
#First20SongsOnShuffle 7. They Say You Won't Come Back- Breathe Carolina
RT The hipster who lives above my restaurant is playing " imagine" on his his didgeridoo......
no, calling them violent thugs and pointing out that an $1800 tuition hike is really not that much (as if it were about money)
Lol! Awesome! And I wish I could!!! :)
Great presentation today at the sold out Financial Women's Association Entrepreneurs Luncheon!
Come In & Join Us For Our 1 Year Anniversary TODAY. Great Dinner Specials, Come Celebrate With Us.
my slow dance brings all the girls to the yard
Veggie pizza and hot lime Cheetos :) tasty!
Lift my hands and spin around
Love and basketball, waiting to exhale, thin line between love and hate, dont be a menace to south central while drink yo juice in the hood!
Yes, that would be nervewracking for sure! I think someone wants me to scale down the side of the Hilton Hotel.
#nowplaying In My Life by The Beatles
Enjoy some Baker Babes Bakery sweets with your brunch this Friday at McCormick & Schmick's restaurant at Beachwood Place mall.
Scroll down for an update on this story, including ABC's denial that the tapes are as explosive as claimed by the Daily Mail.
Good to know! People have been saying soy is a thyroid inhibitor too and that Trader Joe's almond milk is good. Trying next!
do you have Austin's Bright Light Social Hour on your radar? Totally should.
This Friday at Outriggers Comedy Room a Evening with Tixs on sale www.whatsfunnylive.com
My girl is seriously the cutest.
glass does break. Sounds like an oh crap moment.
Everyone go follow cause he's a solid dude, ladies get him while you can!!
must. reschedule. our. HH!!!!!
When you wear cold underarmor and then get super hot..
Hey Dumo. How's the globetrotting going?
Thanks for being so nice to me, and for spreading the word!
Looking forward to tonight's #PageantCast --- tune in to hear our ad spot!
Gonna finish tonight by expressing the joy that I feel because is following me! :]] <U+2764>
Do the Indianapolis Colts win a game this year?
The Good Life! Hands down!
so.bored.
OUR DEAR BABY IS IN HOSPITAL WITH RSV PLEASE PRAY FOR HIM THANK U ALL
yessir. I loved how off-beat it was. The guy who does the music for my films is friends with Jack Plotnick
On a conference call with Congressman Ed Markey (D-MA) discussing kids' privacy-- follow the conversation on Twitter:
Look not lol.
Late lunch at Spring-- the Korean restaurant hidden away in GMart in Beav.
Feel That Happy Feeling....
the American Academy for the Advancement of Science (or of Amy and Abigail's dossiers... :p ) Conference in Boston
Modeling tip. The Golden Ratio is ~1.62. Memorize this number and when you need to scale something non-precise use this instead of 1.5
"The privilege of a lifetime is being who you are." Joseph Campbell Happy #Digitalsisterhood Wednesday!!
Check your math? Not #WalkerFailure. His own special jobs #s not yet reviewed by 3rd party Bureau Labor Stats prior to release
I guess I'll watch Avengers on my laptop
We'll shake shake shake the night away...
Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome. Samuel Johnson
I'm bout 2 handle that
If it says no parking during rush hour then you CAN'T park there
lol thank you :))
If you're gonna click "like" on a photo, be sure to also click "like" for my page!!!! :-) THANK YOU!!!!!!
": #SexThatMake , you grab on to the covers underneath you :D" that's how a man knows he's doing his job lol
Bb boy looks so precious right now <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Who would've thought. LA
R.I.P. Uncle Harvey! We love & will miss you very much! I believe that's somethin like 17 relatives in da past 17 years to pass away on me!
NFL football games start at 4:30. The road to the Super Bowl happens at Whiskey Tango!!
while I love WWE , they have to watch some TNA tag team matches to see how it is done ! Beer Money vs machine guns last night ruled !!!
So cute! ASOS had an awesome poodle sweater recently too, I should try to find that.
way worse
I am new to it also
I'm not leaving till tomorrow!!<3
Wasn't a great game but it was good enough to get the W. Let's keep it rollin! L.A. All Day!
haa awww thank you.(; hahaa did it feel weird holding hands even tho were friends.?(x
I love being Mr Karrs TA, this class is fun!
": A #Libra is the perfect woman to keep a lasting and steady loving relationship with.
Im on the verge. RT : which is why I quit
Bennett tweets his final 4, we're out but zeroes remain, damnit. on Romar's tombstone: Couldn't Land a Doninant Big Man
I'm always late. Sorry I'm on delay
All finished. Time for sleep.
How do you feel about the #Facebook brand #Timelines?
Writing musicals with all night.
I hate when people ask me shit I already told them the awnser to..
Sublime is my new obsession.
PhD student sleep schedule. I slept from 6AM to 12PM.
Barry and I are running the Disney half marathon at 6 am in the morning. Temperatures below 30 expected and maybe rain. Please wish us luck!
After college, almost everyone seems to overestimate my age. I'm aging in DOG YEARS! My pizza and beer cleanse is not rejuvenating.
Good morning everyone working in NYC today gotta go beat the traffic 126st and Broadway ill be making my own traffic jam
Come to Ute Pass Library today for teen bookclub @ 4.
That was almost Zimmerman-like.
*taking notes*
Patient: Doc help me. Some days I think I'm Mickey Mouse some days Donald Duck Doctor: How long have you had these Disney spells?
Just put up my trampoline! Hurt myself in the process :/ can't wait for summer!!
In all seriousness, it wouldn't surprise me if the official name of this bowl has a hashtag or an @ symbol in it.
yes please. It's a joke and needs to be eliminated.
I can tweet from course
Realize that true happiness lies within you. ~Lucian
Singing both parts of nothing even matters by lauryn hill and d'angelo. It's crazy warm outside
Italy in 2 days. Wow, am I really going on vacation?
RIP Donna Summer. Your legend lives on.
I've done that!
I seen footage of you big homie, killin em on stage.. and ppl screaming! When you comin home?
IM SMOKING LOUD A.K.A THAT BRAIN KILLA.. #A+
so look out for that chick! she was worried about the dress code... I said... wear jeans, the end. lol.
Gabby Gifford is to sit with US house of representatives tonight for the last time before stepping down. Presidential address live now.
i now love ginger ale. when did that happen?
Fair enough. I figure different (thinking Nov dynamic particularly), but no expert.
YAYYYY, I'm included! :D
I'm fairly certain that "What is an Author?" in the Rabinow edition is actually missing many crucial passages.
When it comes to Newt Gingrich, my 1st question is: "Women willingly fucked that guy!?" 2nd question: "Were they concious and/or sober?".
Is their offense really good or is our defense just that bad?
Brains, berries, and t-shirt ordered. Now I just hope the come in time for all events.
Roll up its
gonna lipsync or sing bro??
Nice SHORTS opening
Almost off of work fucking exhausted ready to smoke n take a couple of drinks
The new network primetime line-ups: CBS the best; ABC promising; NBC aggressive but misguided; Fox too quiet; The CW limits itself
“Finished about an hour ago. : Is tonights show taping right now?”
I take back all my irritations with the early warm temps, come back please!
I was always like "What's the big deal with inbox 0?" & then I got a job & started missing meetings & failing to answer important questions.
Hornets announcer "Plenty of great seats available 2012-2013 season tickets! Do not lose any sleep over this!"
he sounds very insecure this is a ballroom gown compared to what the girls wear to the bar I work at. nothing wrong at all
do you want the clean radio edit/dirty version/instrumental/acapella
I officially made it through my work day on no sleep. Quite proud of myself. Now getting ready to crash.
#FridayReads -Love, Terror, and an American Family in Hitler's Berlin, Erik Larsson So far, less cerebral than his usual fare.
No I don't want to go to Chicago. Don't we make TV in Hollywood anymore?
You KNOW it's time to see a dentist. Just do it- promise we'll take great care of you :) We're in Manhattan, call us 212-265-7150
*does not work for men.
Working out ! Oh yeah! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
At work bored than a mutha bout to go to work
First thing doctor asked me was if I use Q-Tips, and he said Q-Tips are bad. And that's something I've read before online as well.
Yay for words! And dinosaurs!
Wouldn't miss #tcamp12 session w/esteemed Tom Steinberg on improved #opensource #opengov code sharing, esp. internationally. An inspiration.
nice seeing you at
But yo, OKC losing to LA though. Just thought I let yall know.
#Pitchfork readers poll picked Bon Iver the top album of 2011 as well as the most overrated album of 2011. Well that makes sense...
A Good Friend Calls you in jail A Great Friend Bails you out of jail YOUR BEST FRIEND Sits next to you while saying wasn't that fun?
I JUST ADDED ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS I HOPE EVERYONE HAS A FUN AND SAFE HOLLOWEEN CHECK OUT MY NEW PICS
oh it's going great!!! haha almost done with it. I'm going to be screening it at my school theatre : D how's life going?haha
Dear spammers … go buy a billboard on the highway!!!!
“: Cigarette time. ;)” just incase y'all didn't know. Don is a hoe and won't share his smokes with me.
no im not!! Theres only 4 people have called me pretty other that my mom ._. ):
Confidence is a stain u cant wipe off
sorry. domain name not for sale either. best of luck!
Happy sabbath!
it's all being done in the name of rights. They have the same "rights" as we do, but marriage? Pray for them.
Does this kid have a fucking name or what? Drop the coy bullshit already.
Omg, is coming out with a Minnie Mouse collection?!?! Two of my absolute favorites put together. *cries*
I aint did shit all of a sudden that bitch trippin lol
Retired administrator wants more support to home grow bilingual teachers. Not out of country. Not alt cert teachers.
you're welcome:)
#IfIWasPresident I'd be elected on Friday. Assassinated on Saturday. Buried on Sunday.
Hamilton hits a solo home run to tie the game with #Angels. Josh Hamilon 9 HRs in last 6 games. Beast. #Rangers playing great.
Great stuff! Thanks!!
My new album "Media Relations" by The Long Lost Notes is now on iTunes, CD Baby, Amazon, etc. You can buy all the tracks there and you...
that's a beautiful thing
I just killed a bitch with success.
Anyone want to buy a jeep ?
Proof that women will survive the zombie apocalypse. Women are smarter! #talking dead
Hahahaha Thanks, baby.
Could it be? My day is over? Time to head home! Woohoo!
is napa valley kinda like hunt valley?
Does it involve your awesome dancing?
yay Shannon! Human SEO rocks at presenting.
Boston fans are mad cause people of color kick ass!
#WhenAustin says thank you in his shy voice. (:
Spent the wkend in Vegas! Saw Celine and Cirque's "O" -- absolutely stunning! Maybe I should work in cirque rather than opera?!
Spring break is officially over. :( I guess I'll go start my project. Lots of concerts coming up, we'll keep you posted. Be sure to say hi!
AUSTIN MAHONE SHIRTLESS!! Now that I have ya attention plz follow my twitter friends and I follow u and so will he
What do you call a man with no arms and no legs in a pool? - Bob
just use it to influence your creative juices!
hallo andrea I'm still awake, we can write who you follow me
Girl comes into class with 5 mins left and tells her friend she got hit by a bus. Then her friend starts cracking up. Why come to class?
If MLB cheering were based on songs though, , everyone in the world would be a Marlins fan.
I mention like not lie
thanks for the shout out!
2010 #Badgers commits Vince Biegel, Reggie Mitchell, Jake Rademacher and Walker Williams are at the spring game
Tits. I'm such an awful person for doing that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Giants are my second favorite team, that would be a fun game!
Strong showing by Clippers in tough arena. Impressed. And a tad surprised.
Take me somewhere nice.
My company issued 2007 Lenovo T61 has finally cracked from the pressure of a 4-day folder sync. Spinning for 2 hours.
Dumb men hustle for hoes, young men hustle for clothes, BRAVE men hustle for goals.
Tomorrow is 11/11/11 ... and at 11:11am, we extend a warm, if intoxicated, welcome to Carnival season in Germany.
August is here and we've got some HOT deals just for you! We'll be announcing them tomorrow. Check back & be the first to know!!!
Having lunch with 3 cute women
YOU are my HERO today for the RT 25,000,000 children suffer, have no voice in the world & go unaided. Thank you!
anytime boo<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
ME!! I am hell yeah
To blonde or not to blonde, that is the question.
zombies of the night.
Found a number in the back of my shirt tonight..I didn't feel anyone touch me.. eek not sure if its creepy or just funny definite first
Panther Securities - Final Results
Get directions from Japan to China on Google Maps and check out
All that counts right?!? lol
A2: Not a huge fan of uploading video on the go due to the many complications that occur, plus we like to edit a little.
Thanks for The Love. It Was A Good Read. Follow Me _IB
Yeah buddy #paulydpregame :D lets do this Jersey Shore Style!!!
no idea but gotta do something sick..any ideas? & his lady are both supporters so let's all get at it
Hey, homie. Did you survive NYC? Happy hour this week?
will she lead efforts to make birth to 5 programs eligible for permanent fund $
when the part in your head looks like you had brain surgery, then you doing too much
Someone text me
Okay. It only makes sense, seeing as our relationship is entirely sustained through social networking.
oh crap! Yes! I'll do it now :) x
:) I am pretty sure there is a #fittuesday and if there isn't, it starts today!
Honda’s awesome interactive ad, by the guys that made Old Spice viral
aw thanks =]
It's cold in Hawaii. I'm gonna die in Alaska
what normal person has to get up this early? oh yeah, no one cause all the other counties start school a hour later then us.
I know I'm late on this...but how did I not know that has a #ReadingRainbow app in the works? My childhood meets 2012
Thanks - same back at ya!
I wanna go home! Im so tired
Is it me or does twitter act bootleg at times??
yep, almost every year
u have probs u know
EVERYBODY I JUST MADE DA PAGE FOR THE TEAM GO FOLLOW & we'll follow back
nevermind just getting it on the green. But within 8 feet of the cup?
David is serving up his special SOUR CHERRY MARGARITAS for only $3 this weekend. Just say you saw it online and get in on his amazing deal!
Work and packing up the apartment...it's nasty out so at least I'm doing something that keeps me inside!
So tired of guys ! There all the same!<|3
Yea, wow... I'm surprised by this. We need to set the pace in San Francisco for the rest of the country
so inception's kind of a rip off of paprika...
I think you should take route 3.
The rise of the waterproof nano is upon us...
Cuz wen the lights go off, that's wen ppl like me stand up, and make ppl like yu break.
Tigers need to find another closer Papa Grande has lost his mojo
A busy night at SBN as aero-refugees file in to wait out storm.
how come u can't do ustream on Friday and Sunday???
Today was such a hectic day w/ client & class presos. I would say TGIF, but this weekend kicks recruitment into full gear!
Congrats to and everyone at Double Fine for reaching 1m donations! just make sure Psychonauts 2 happens after this!
is redesigning my office/studio space. Planning to move locations over the next few weeks.
There's a twentysomething dude in this bar who's dressed exactly like Bear Bryant.
Make sure you have a welcome Mat on board fa me...! lol
Thanks for the shout out, I appreciate your support and kind words of encouragement. Cheers & Continued Success. See you soon.
What my dad just said to my family: "well everyone, I have to go poop!"
Follow these fine folks
Super Mario's fame appeared in the 1981 Donkey Kong. His original name was Jumpman it was changed to Mario to honor Mario Segali
S/O to << thanks for the follow
that's why Cameron went down in that sub. ECU Jack reaction. Sinking
cold and snowy here in #Rochester! make it a great day!
I feel disjointed this week. I blame the lack of coffee and excess of reading.
I hate when people think others are talking bout them. They need to know facts before they say shit
Hi John! We sent you a copy of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We'd love your feedback! www.twintapes.com Thanks!
why do I even bother
A5) Adults fear death b/c they're concerned of a life unfulfilled. Children don't even consider dying b/c they're busy living.
anyway to know which drinking pub songs the ONCE cast plays before the start of the show? You guys rocked!
I love you!
Great time on Gilded Lilys this week!!!
oh yes! Just came out this week.
Off to New Hampshire and Vermont for the day with a couple of old friends.
Come for #dinner- located in lobby of the - RT : Dover Sole on special tonight! One of my very favorites....
Played the board game called "Game of things" lastnight with my besties! We were some crazy girls.......haha
well and you? (:
I guess Ol' Gutierrez didn't have the molasses for a mayoral race. Do YOU have the molasses, Rahm? Do you?
back at ya. Big hugs.
Yes. Versus having to limit the way in which a thing can be created, I prefer starting from scratch. I'm full on TV dinners.
follow my othe act i'll follow back(: >
I hate when websites ask, "Are you human?" ....no, I'm a alien.
Ching Ching ": Ting Tings"
Looking forward to it!
Heading back to Indy from Winamac. Too many miles to think :/
Everyone please follow , a new charity to help disabled pay for med equip not covered by insurance.
I don't take disrespect lightly
Hard to move on when you always regret one..
74. Sunny. 0% chance of rain. Yes, please. Bring on tomorrow.
Whoa! Juliet Simms!
if you don't think I'm putting this on my brand new blog they gave me today..... you crazy
RT : Hey could I burn a copy of your Nickleback CD?
Seriously, crazy guy at the bar, when I repeatedly tell you that TV lies about the stories they tell, it means stop commenting on them to me
RT Drops selection for the weekend: Tom Collins, Mojito, Cherry Chzcake, Sour Grape, Spiced Apple. To name a few...
Baby Hood is moving like crazy! Boy or girl??? Find out tomorrow!!!
make sure to follow Seattle's original car service founded 2006 specializing Ballard, belltown cap hill. Industry bar favorites.
Anytime you watch sports here you have a good connection! I hope you can make it back soon.
check out splash watersports on rt 19. I think they offer courses through CCAC.
You guys made us proud here in Israel last night great job my America Israel Racing! Onto Vegas!
I call shenanigans: conflating experience/training with ease of use.
Keep your chin up, someday there will be happiness again. - Robin Hood.
#MarriageEquality This country must change the President knows this if 2 of the same Sex wants Marriage. That is all good with Me.
Showed up to a costume party, costumes were cancelled.
Introducing the kid to Austin Powers :) yup...he's a fan!!
So, what do you do now? There's always going to be challenges to anything anyone thinks is worthwhile. Always.
I have an anger problem..
Valentine's Day is 2 weeks from today. Dedicate a song to your special someone now thru 2/10 for a chance to have it played on
Approximate start time for USA vs FIU is 7:30 pm ET as the grounds crew is working to prepare the field.
": ": Im gone ride a bike butt ass naked through Buckingham one day! WATCH!!!"--- IM WITH YOU!!!!!"#Y.O.L.O Mane
I hate when I have to make people repeat themselves cuz i hate when I have to do it lol
Do you guys keep a personal and professional account?
Yes, and I witnessed every minute of it.
woohoo! I'm hanging out over by Gate 42. Looking forward to the weekend!
your love never fails. It never gives up never runs out on me!
I second that!
i got u ....im out of tpwn right now soon as i get back ima send somen asap...wats da word tho my nigg
based god
Woot! Can't wait to see you ladies tonight! :)
I just liked it!!! :D
oh come to my house...my husband loved that show. You would be his dream girl.
:) I love you I love you <U+2665> <U+2665> Those crazy eyes that bring me for a moment wanted to be, and that voice hermoza you strip me of a skyscraper
Looking forward to tomorrow's #TNI with !
but u do biitch
Early bird... gets the last of the milk.
RT: #Virgo's only want one thing out of life: to live a humble one.<--- ME
Purchasing Managers – Are You Interested in a Career As a ...
Ron Dimberg's lecture, "Perspectives on Contemporary Korea", TODAY! 11:00 @ Miller Center!
Dont Go Chasing WaterFalls
No worries! Big Data convos have me concerned that we need more Ethical/Social Futurists than Techno Futurists tight now.
Great night last night. Your energy was obvious on TV!
Glad I'm in Vegas ..... No earthquakes, hurricanes or tornadoes...just hot.
Chris Davis just struck out Adrian Gonzalez. lol
omg I miss #cofficing with you and you are at GH too! :(
DJ Hero Is pretty dope!
If you were thinking about switching electricity providers, what questions would you want the answers to first?
it always sounds like water is running through your walls aftet you take a shower
i do though!
"Your tests are garbage. They don't test the whole system, just your little bits. What good is that?"
Yo, lets capture this moment <3
I just viewed all my DM and they were all stupid spam
I would like to reciprocate the same love god has for me towards everything n everyone.
The office just got their Girl Scout cookies delivered. Everyone is now working with an open box of cookies next to them.
hahaa wimp I feel great!
STOP trying to shoot 3's and just make a freaking BASKET!!!!!
Well he doesn't RT : I love how reporters are basically trying to get Vinny to admit he doesn't know what he's doing.
dms work yet?!
Need some time to be alone, try washing the dishes!
We're live! USC students sign up today!
I just finished a workshop w her yesterday - she gives great advice! Enjoy it.
(last tweet should have been accompanied by a hashtag: #LeaveTheCrowAlone)
Hey Kelsey. Any suggestions for new African music? We are doing a documentary in Feb/March and looking for more local contacts.
Dont you wish that you could be a FLY ON THE WALL-
Ugh I need some white shoes.
I didn't even realize that some of these people were seniors. I #obviously need to get out more...
Gronola Bar & Water for breakfast >
Eddie House deserves to proclaim juevos grandes after that shot.
lets talk business
it was an honest answer. Haha
The only difference between the saint and the sinner is that every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.
Please RT!!! Go to victorygardeninitiative.com to win a free garden. If you don't need a garden sign up to volunteer blitz day :)
Having just said a lot of goodbyes, I do understand that! Timing sucks but there is no good time....
Way to freaking hot.
Notorious Thugs - bone thugs N harmony ft. biggie
juliett is so fucking bomb in this movie
Hahaha! Been there, done that. I'll have to hear about your night later.
I'd say she's the hottest female poker player on the planet, they'd be stupid to vote her off!
The Realities of Change in Higher Education Interventions to ...
#OnlyTMWouldUnderstand Ray Ray (To Charlamagne From the Breakfast Club) : Was That Too Much Of a Big word for you..?
Thankful that has decided to join me in my cozy corner of Herman B. at 2:45am. Better late, then never I say.
The problem with #Smash is that the writers have confused unlikeable for interesting.
Day after half marathon, legs/feet are sore - but it was SO worth it. I had a blast!
All new Rock Stars tonight at 8pm on The Nat Geo Channel! The crew goes head to head with the biggest and most dangerous slope of the job.
Will someone PLEASE explain the difference between office depot and office max?!?
So please don't hurt m again.
she will love it I'm sure :))
Thanks, Phil. I miss you. TMB
Did you catch that double rainbow over Portland this morning?
it's all down to the last game i'm so excited :)
thanks!! we really apreciate it!! Feel free to ask us questions whenever they arise.
Andrade KOs Cisneros cold on ESPN2. Medics carrying him out but he is awake.
#TheMostCommonLies ! am separated/divorced from both men & women :)
Woooaah! This sucks. . .
Almost time for the #Lakeshow! (;
Tax Returns Due, (Oct. 17th) if you filed extension, put docs in 1place. Sch. appt. this week, relieve the stress.
18 MILLION VIEWS
It was a connection through Houston. Now in Oregon for my daddy's 85th. Long day of travel. Miss you already!
Okay, I'm rooting for but the baby Voltaggio's were adorable
I love reading 's tweets :)
Only 40 days till graduation!!!!
My bro & I are basically making our mom watch the newest Muppets movie& it's just as good the 2nd time. And, yes, we're in our late 20s&30s
hahaha no its not! what part?!
I wish Maya Rudolph and I were bffs. We'd go on double dates and discuss The Master with Paul Thomas Anderson.
I miss you guys.
“: Show them what they could've had.”
RT : It's like this: People from WI love the Packers 1st, then Favre, then cheese. Havarti & Favre, although great, are less i ...
No follows today?
There's a difference from liking someone and thinking they're cute
Glad to cover it
Oo will you take pictures of great typography and packaging too and send it to us!? I'm so jealous of your adventure! :)
<==good to know that you agree...lol...You can always test the theory...;)
VERY good point
Another wild one in #Queenstown! See you tomrrow for a fun ride to
There's no shame in liking what's good for you, it's the things that aren't good for you that should send a itch through you veins!
Midtown....not Downtown
too short, Keri, to short. But good.
Hi Jerry, if you want to support The Nature Conservancy this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Looking for a new dentist? www.kravitzdental.com
Wish you'd wake up & realize what your doing
so true!! So can't wait for summer!! & absolutely love the vacation <3 wish it would never end!
everyone has one, and they all stink
“: Tim Duncan needs one more point to move up on the All-Time Scoring list!”
I've been at the library doing homework for almost four hours.....
I HATE when people overhear/misinterpret a "congratulations" and assume I'm engaged!
RT : excited for kickball to start!!! :)
Thanks to Jesus-- and God's grace- we NEVER have to worry about being on the naughty list.
The only way this day can get worse for the Vikings is if Joe Webb leads them to a win.
If you make a bold statement, be prepared to be called out on it & asked to defend your premise. Also make sure you actually have a premise.
It's all worth it in da long run
i mean its whatever
Ba-Ba-Ba-Baby Shower Later C: For Lupe Her Belly Soo Big. <3
Watching three teens at the library. I have absolutely no idea what gender they are. Not that it matters to me. Just interesting.
I better see dressed up chunty on Sat. (x
Busy news day hope everyone has a great Mother's day weekend. Enjoy the sun
FOLLOW ME BACK
omg okay! thank you so much!
Thanks to the #Actors & #Actresses that came out to audition in #Mesa #Arizona today! We had a blast meeting everyone!
Shout out to all the bots following me. Merry Christmas you soulless sodomites.
#Milwaukee PD officers on scene at Wisconsin n Plankinton say 20lb box found outside Chalet at the River Apts. Possible pipe bomb.
It's been a busy fall season in the black box theatre at DMSC. We're not stopping anytime soon! Up next Blackbird by David Harrower.
Full house for #RPDR !
we still love your profile picture <3
On the road almost in California !
ooh. Good info, thanks!
Just got a bench warrent for my arrest delivered by the constable #realliferetard might wanna take care of this....
Follow the pancake fairy! She is a hoot!
hello! welcome!
Feel free to bookmark that and let Spidey be your mascot for awhile. I'm sure he doesn't mind cc:
Read something smart: Stop rewarding yourself with food. You are not a dog!
happy holidays bra.. how's life treating you
Could be worse. You could have my wallet. It's empty.
It's Sunday! I dont want to do work!
its funny how people think they got you all figured out & they dont really dont know shit !
K. Moreno could have a career year being the top rusher in J. Fox's run heavy offense
New Project Sphinx Cats! Do you have one? Free Session I come to you!
Absence is to love what wind is to fire; it extinguish the small, it rekindles the great!
I never cried or show feelings if u Fuck wit me u got my number twitter or facebook I not idc bout you either
This doesn't count the 3 months of summer w/out funding. That's unfortunate for your students!
RT : Watching my colleague demo Windows 8, bye bye Aero, hello Metro
If you’re not going to tell me something, don’t bring it up..
Time for hit the bed GOODNIGHT Bgc was the BEST today.
I point out the wistful staring weekly. Vom. I haven't laughed this hard in awhile. It is spot on.
I saw a tweet about the boys and Punk'd I literally fell out of the chair and onto the ground. My mom and bro looked at me like: wut?
Well well well! If it isn't Fishy Friday already! Git on down here and kick off your weekend cowstlye! Giddy Up!
Okay think about it, dick clark died,now no one is going to be ringing in the new year. The world will end in december!!
I have that dream about myself constantly...
One day, Newt Gingrich is going to expand with self-importance like Violet Beauregard.
there's so much to know! so little time to learn!
screenprinting book + great equipment bring success.
Robert Gates & Jon Stewart on Fox News Sunday this Sunday. Will either one be live in the DC studio?
How did I miss this? I was at that stop twice last night and saw no roosters
Copying the score to prep for the start of rehearsals on Tuesday!
Great night at Amici's. Our staff worked late to decorate and get ready for all the holiday parties booked at Amici's. So excited!
Magnets, how do they work?-> RT How does an Etch A Sketch work, anyway?
Tired of your routine? check out Active.com for training guides, info about 5K, 10K, and marathons, as well as other sports!
Watching #safe da movie bad
I'm a bit disappointed with Drake Doremus's love story “Like Crazy” The movie could have been a lot better. It had a lot of potential…
We're wearing red on Friday, February 3rd to show our support for the importance of fighting heart disease!
We have 680 students from more than 60 countries. They need to see themselves in the books in our libraries and classrooms.
Ru getting them?
Order sent to Lena in Australia!
ppl ask me the same thing nd I answer the same way.
#sxtxsw OWN it, be bold. Whatever you do IS a big deal. Don't think "Oh it's not that big of a deal." -
The Silk Tie likes Piers! Can we get you a better tie? thesilktie.com
Ever since then all I could think about was Lashawwwnda.......
dogs always know who the bad ones are
Jessica's face changed when I knew the words to a verse of a Travis song
Hey baby, did I mention I'm wearing magic underwear?
#SongsToPlayWhileHavinSex ANY slow Usher joint!
I feel like a stripper! Lol
First up: "Best practices in Digital Pedagogy"
I'm the lead UX guy. What can I do for you?
The question isn't who's going to let me; it's who's going stop me.
RT Fridays are the day I miss the most. :(
Welcome back Andy Pettitte. #Yankee fans have missed you.
you don't let me win I just prove you wrong everytime!
ha sure
Tomorrows the start to a great day!
Happy Friday Eve everyone!
I can't I wish i could
10/6/2010 Five Market-Research Tools for Twitter Entrepreneur
Your Mom!!! *throws chair and slams door* p.s. good morning. :)
didn't mind it one bit :) one of the perks of the gig. how are you, sir? up to any theatre?
worse. T-shirts! Almost knocked some people out! Didn't float like we would have hoped
11am Improv 4 Kids Show today for school groups at Times Square Comedy Club
At i-hope :D Yummmmyy !!
RT : thanks for the #NMFire RT. Hope you are well /Well, thank you. You?
* Prayinq for a productive day with no fighting...or going hoes having sex ! Sight !.
crazy how much one day can make you realize so much
NomNom for lunch
hey good lookin, gotta get my tweet game up!
i don't bluff
#beadlesFact Christian is a natural blonde.. He that's why there are some pictures of him with blonde hair:)
one beer and Ive got the hiccups. What? I blame
what up jade !
#liber2011 Valuation aims to give "just enough care" to enable all collections to survive. Spent resources more objectively & effectively.
Extremely annoyed
10 minutes! Hear that, middle school boys? You have used all my gluesticks and must leave soon!
Let me know if I can help you guys.
yes! a great group of incomings, lots of interesting authors rights & c./reuse questions + a digital humanities-specific question
Safe travels to everyone on their way to Chicago! Looking forward to seeing everyone soon!
Yes, but God is a vengeful God and destroys wicked people. Jesus shows mercy and compassion to sinners
Got a good fortune in my fortune cookie today: "If you must choose between two evils, choose the one you haven't tried before"
Buena suerte. Never understood such headaches until a nasty volcano in Chile made me feel like Tom Hanks at Ezeiza in Bs As
Before trekking to #heweb11, we're hitting up #edu11 to speak with #highered & vendors about changing the procurement process
Been listening to Corridos all day
You will become as great as your dominant aspiration. If you cherish a vision, a lofty ideal in your heart, you will realize it.
Shooting stop motion animation at tonight!
That sounds like a pretty scrumptious lunch to us! What a great price too.
and props on the re-entry
I think both of you need to seriously consider Joan Baez's Blowin' Away.
I can't understand why Tony Romo doesn't have more multi-million dollar endorsements,
Just treated to a dramatic reading, via spambot: "Upon come nigh examination, wildunawares painted an unthinkingopinion..."
You Paper, Scissor, Rock my World...
wow. She must be awesome.
Grandmas homemade tacos>>>>>>
“: Saw you on the tour & Love your music & style! Follow please? :)” UR so sweet! Thanks so much!
Everyone to come out to COPPERFIELD's this Friday to see us kill it - we go on at 12 but everyone knows the party doesn't start any earlier
any team news yet
RT “: I would never put someone I love in a bad situation.”
it's only because your bangs were on top of your head. After you put them down, I regretted saying that!
Boys That Can Grind Will Fuck Yu Good
Email with potential dates/times and we'll go from there! Is there a "beginners" class?
12 minutes in and #Texas is 1-15 from the field for 2 points!
Fighting the battle on unnecessary capitalization and losing. Why?!?! cc:
posted bro!
I want to know if Yost knew Holland was hurt before he put him in, or if Holland hid it from the team, either one is unacceptable.
Actually, on second read of that story, I find that headline misleading. Cleveland, as far as we know, is still shrinking.
used their adopted language, the language of their oppressors to overcome their oppression.
I love Isaiah Andrew Neal with my whole heart. :D
I tell ya u never kno how quick ur life can be turned upside down...praying for them
Done with Muay Thai Training, Car wash. grab some lunch from Chic Fila...time to relax my body for an hour and nap.
Wasn't even familiar with it. I'll check it out. Thanks for the rec
Still waiting on that call, playa Holla...
Craving Mexican tonight? We've got the freshest #burritos in the MIA!
oh shut the fuck up.
I'm so bummed,holidays coming up & I hate being the only single one,wish I had a special some 1
bored and i have only been up for 2 hours cant wait to go back to work tomorrow
Ever buy Eggo frozen waffles?? LOL guess you know Rory & Fred both imploded at Augusta. That course will do that
Junior #Heartbreaking. The eight player on the 1995 Superbowl Charger team to die.
If world refuses to help you. Just Remember the words of Einstein "I am thankful to all those who said no, Its bcoz of them i did it myself"
Americans must be committed to shared vision of conserving forests. It must begin with a complete commitment to restoration. - sec. Vilsack
I know how easy it is to fall into the "my friends and my mom all love my script" trap.
WWJKD? (What would Jack Kerouac do?)
Im so sore I can't even get out of bed!
He made my night<3
I CANT WAIT TILL MARCH 25TH! I AM SO OUTTA HERE! FUCK YOU!
failure to finish... ;)
RC planes your thing? Greg is here and ready to build, repair, or complete the one you started. He'll cut you a great deal!
I recently heard our IT guys say "we've gotta replace the motherboard" and THOUGHT I heard "we've gotta play some Loverboy!"
what's up!
I Know My Role, And I Play It Well, It Weigh On My Lima Scale
Faith and positive words WILL move the mountains you face in life
Is no answer better then a negative answer...?
did your school already have their prom ?
the new media darling! First you dominate my twitter feed and then you show up on kprt "houston's news leader" for every story
HEY. Hi. Hello. Sup. AH.
Tonight we get down with Lee's Summit, MO at Jerry's Bait Shop. Show is at 9pm. Bring your knee pads.
Have you tackled this yet?
The "Indian Dr. Suess," Anushka Ravishankar, will be in the Young Research Library this Friday at 2pm.
ATTENTION INTERNET (again): Found someone for Sun, but I still need help next Sat. I know it's St. Patty's but it's only until 4p! Please!
DailyHookahTip#148: Smokers cough? Try steam stones instead of traditional shisha. It's the electronic cigarette of hookahs.
Thanks for the wordpress group promo!
Would love to set up an interview regarding Liposonix for #YouBeauty.com. What do you think?
dee give me a shout out important news for you
Rubio's absence is surely noticeable, but still great team play all around & great win. With Mavs right behind, every win counts.
This is not cool doe
Hope = Hype
thank you
Fuse is feeling frisky on the Bamboo deck tonight! Check out the hook while our DJ revolves it! "Fuse Fuse Baby..."
Day time Foxnews is leaning toward Obama w/ Jobs bill,& anything to help Dems.this started 3mos.ago, Iwatch Fox24x7,I can See It
Tea time is over Tim.
mine do dat too. said ubersocial better
i wanna go to Atlanta or Florida! Either way, Im starting to save up already! Lol
I'd be up for that...
DIRTY : DIRTY anthology of "dirty" writing coming soon, with erotic art by amazing MUGI TAKEI!
T1: I love honestly. Humility. Vulnerability. Humor. Feeling what the blogger is feeling through their words.
With NBC axing a lot of good shows we're pretty much in the 'Ow My Balls!' phase of programming as predicted by Idiocracy.
RT : Today is the final day of our Twitter feed. Dec. 30 marks the last day of our #prek advocacy campaign.
Ok, we have been poking back and forth for hours, and i'm all "what do you actually want!?"
lol its fine.
Which begs the question...what are your top books to read in one sitting?
Have a time and day yet ?
YAY!!!! (Epidural-kind of excitement) RT : With at the hospital. Outlaw should come out of hiding pretty soon.
Wow! #Bayern with 6 guys sitting on yellows? Ouch.
Engage reporters through social media before pitching - if possible. Follow them on Twitter, Facebook and become familiar to them
what if people tell you that you look sexy but you don't feel it?
I believe it is ths worst thing. It's like having every meat except beef... wait, they don't have beef either.
I don't understand why gets hate. Can't you see how AMAZING He is? Face it haters... You're just jealous AREN'T YOU?<U+2665>
A restless camera in search of its players — Ophuls' post-modern La Ronde (1950) is a delirious look at love on the run in old-world Vienna.
can u NOT follow me...tnx ....P.S whe it happen it left but BTR didnt go
Ted Talks are always inspiring, often in ways you weren't anticipating. (They specify which work best as pure audio.)
Hi would love to share your story. Please tell me more!
"Remember to wash your berries before eating, and fly toward the sun.
Our website is a totally FREE service for groups and friends to exercise socially in friendly competition. FREE, i.e., better than not-free.
Good calls! I was obsessed with Mrs. Frisby at that age. :)
*Asian whisper* <3
Re the Buick Verano commercial: The driver can't hear the jackhammer OR THE SIREN FROM THE AMBULANCE that approaches as he fails to stop.
Shit just got awkward!
yes.. i love my friends so much
good speech!! :)
do it!
RT : Waiting on my phone to ring... so many calls out there but no one's calling back :/
what up ma this ya PARTYBOYDJ DJ KENZO A NIGGA FUXX WIT YA ,SEND ME SOME OF YA TRAXXS TO
start the day off right...vote for Hannah Kay hunt, roman Nelson, and jackie swoyer for homecoming court!!
How is coming to the salon tomorrow to get there hair done?
At the movies!
#Actors - Amanda Mackey Johnson casting 6 roles for "Magic City" AL STRAUSS 70s White, JANICE Late 20s Blonde Beauty, more info in the app!
hehehehehe... Thanks doll!!! :)
Today is a lazy day for me (x
I miss my sister, too! There is nothing like a sister.
I'm gonna cry cause I'm in the city without Sonic everyday.
Vickie suggested we ask Byron Wells, exec coord, about wifi. It's basically a ques of cost.
Spending the morning at home before work
My daughter did in fact eat Pat the Bunny
I'm doing Weight Watchers to lose the baby weight. Going well so far. About 10 more lbs to lose to be back to pre-daughter weight.
I know better~~~ thats why their crazy mixed up dreams of him...were not granted....how dare some people!
doing his thing, getting ready. Best Dj's in the city right hur! Hip hop, techno, dub step, old skool! Love it
Most likely overflow from a flooded machine room after torrential rains. Better than the sewage flood of 15 years ago.
Smoke a million swisher blunts and i aint never comin down ;) #G ucciGucci
If you have a business voice calling my house I will always hang up.. Sorry
Timing to get the bicycle ready
how's that
A7: They do not have insurance or ability to self pay. I deal with this EVERY DAY. My biggest struggle in intervention.
OPEN your EYES!! Get conscience to what you really want. Start seeing people for who they are. It will make you happier!!
Everyone is a hustler until the WORK starts...then the real ones stand up! haha
Haven't been on in awhile cause I moved but I'm on now ;)
if y'all were comin to Texas I would be! ;)
haha yea I'm working there this summer so my shot will be in top form
web search - there are a lot of contest for amateur or school videos out there this time of year too
Suit: "Frozen text on teleprompters forc[ed] Olbermann to ad lib ... during live broadcast." But did he scream"Fuck it! We'll do it live!"?
I was also!
Everyone should work as a server or in retail at least once in life. All the social education you'll ever need.
Ready to head to Airport with for his fight on Tues. on fuel tv. Make sure you check it out it's gonna be a great fight!!
at top golf
Corinne Bailey Rae playlist. Journal entries. Dreamers mode.
Giving someone a mile, when they only give you an inch <<
Hope you have a fun Superbowl planned!
REAL AS FUCK
Yeah, we're proud of the lad for sure. New Longwalls on the way shortly... Thanks (again) for the support. Cheers!
I am off the grid until I get my Mac back from the infirmary! Can't see all tweets as normal. Will respond soon.
Ugh...I'm on my laptop and twitter's not loading right...I'll get on ScottySwag tomorrow after church :)
play all the songs I listen to! I like you! -Laughs- RT)
Welcome , who is leaving the center of the universe (Capitol Hill) to join the OTHER center of the universe-- the Hilltop!
Don't miss Serials Solutions and in booth 405 at #OLA2012!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE
I satisfied the long standing request for El Debargs's Who's Johnny! ;)
Oh, Nicole. You're never in the "eavesdrop-ing mode. You're in my list of "Please Drop In" list of friends. See what I did there?
I never understood the whole girls and pillow fight thing.
Oh yes, it was all for the cause. He is such a good egg. He has a lot of patience with me. I will post pics!
I can help you knock off the rust lol
anytime for you
Planted impatiens and a strawberry plant 2nite. New hostas going in tomorrow.
That makes me think of the song "Fox" by Millencolin! Check it out on youtube
Sure you did xD
OMG me and my ex tylers bf are flrting lol he wants to suck my penis now lol and i kinda wanna suck him but hey i am not braging!
Got to give props to BJ. He looked yolked! I think he's satisfied in his weight class. He seemed more humble too. I was losing respect...
Good advice from - "The brand comes after the work." so true
I could never give up coffee.
i know lol i was just saying. Lol i told u im working wyd
You know what, I'll hold your hair all the way home.
gon be a long summer jas
I don't understand why people are bugging at LoAlbo's hw? It is easy, taken me prob 2 hours...
SPH Alumni Society President Deborah Lasher encourages grads to stay connected to SPH throughout their lives.
who is still up?.
this makes me sad. Used to love the one in miami
Is it true that celiac disease can be genetic?
The mayor is in the house!
Flying sure isn't like it used to be. Now it's a portable prison. Fly instead!
One of many goals this summer: learn how to parallel park so I can stop embarrassing myself.
Val's work really rocks. Her diss has been picked up as a book by UC Press already :)
totally! Fabulous idea.
Hello new followers!
I just trademarked it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
No am workouts= going to team united with
Too lazy to stop n get gas
There's no glue at our house... Looks like I'll be finishing this project in the morning.
RT Ah, jash, trying to get the motivation to do some exercise this evening.
You are so not a Ms.!!! LOL!
Hi, I've been trying to catch up with you for a while, got your contact info from your brother, he's my lawyer...
Really jealous of all the freshmen that just moved in at Udel. Best school & best 4 years ever! Stay as long as you can:)
. is obviously Washington historian and sometimes local political candidate Nelson Rimensnyder.
in the office?
Language quiz time
Whatta ya say Los!!!!!
How do you feel about combining beer and pomegranate? Yeah I don't like it either. I am drinking a Ft. Collins Brew. They have better beers.
Playing temple run to "get by" by delta heavy (: <3
Regardless Of How It Goes Down;Life Goes On..
Our personal twitters: &
So Your A Cutie <3
The most annoying thing is when you're in a good mood and you get asked 3423429 times why you're in a bad mood
has a new haircut! I love it! She's beautiful anyway.
Midnight birthday wish goes out to !!! Heard did some karaoke. Can't go wrong! Enjoy.
always good to be on top! ;-) #rcops >= #devops (hehehe)
Hafta work another Saturday... Hello 60+ hour week... Paycheck better be worth it! Cant wait to get off work and see the girl :-)!!
who do u think is the biggest break out player this season so far? #nba RT : Fantasy Basketball Box Score Breakouts – 1
Never Really Gave Them A Chance ,
yes it is I am also very happy that the miners were rescued:)
I AM SO FUCKING MAD RIGHT NOW......
Jesus says he loves kisses especially.Hershey KissesRT: see you on sunday..im bringing jesus a box of chocolates
just cause I wanna see what time it is where is, it's like 2 in the afternoon tomorrow there. (:
I'm good tho mang just Tryna stay out of trouble you know
I'm trying! :p
In first block and already wanna go home! But nope have drivers ed right after school on the nicest day in march! #thissucks!
Thank you to all the great professionals and students who came out for #understory events today! Buffalo Rochester Syracuse Albany
Nothing new the Mavericks still suck FTM!!! #NbaChumpions #SpursNation!!!!
What's the secret to boosting your productivity at work? Listen to the Nutcracker.
I need seen a person pace so damn much.
Holder is my favorite character in #TheKilling. I just thought that was important. x]
I'll lie if I have to
SO excited to see my 2nd favorite QB play his little heart out tonight. <3
Finally making time to mix down all the mixtapes #feelingood and just ready to reveille all this
me either.. I'm just blabbin'(typin') away. :D
Beckett just got booed so bad! Roll Tribe!
Having a good year with this music
Excited to have donated one of our pieces to The OC Look Event that will benefit !
wow this kid just told me he was in calculus and I asked what he was seeing in his class and he said algebra.... fucking liar.
Hey Eric, how you doin?
We had an excellent preso from 's Dawn Murray on how the company successful used Xactly Incent to automate
Listen at 730. Caller 12. RT : when ru u givn them out on air and wht time u have to b in the club or...
Randomly met a bouncer from Maine who works Saturday's at this bingas chemfree thing? Dying at these stories, this actually exists?
he went to the store :P
In UK check out hey guys - is your sensor also available outside US? (e.g. in The Netherlands? :-)
Seafood extravaganza at Grandmas house... Happy Mothers Day to all you mamas out thurr.
Hey I'm Anne's son and I wanted to talk o you about some stuff that im doing
Worthwhile passage of time.
Happy Easter!
No one knows where to return things here. Classic case of reonovation without staff consultation. Thanks, architects.
How does lamb shank and rice sound for dinner?
Bitch I love Being weird STFU & continue with ure boring life lmao.
mother mons†er everyone love him
it's only sad when you lose miserably. The team that wins is like, THIS WAS THE BEST IDEA EVVEEERRRRRR
it's a glob team, so sadly kind of exclusive
Good morning! “Empty pockets never held anyone back. Only empty heads and empty hearts can do that.” - Norman Vincent Peale
Your first waking hour sets the tone for the rest of the day, so use that time to prepare to go in the direction of your goals
:-) thats great! I study at home myself :-D
what campus are you at?
So fuckin jealous at my sister who went to Mac Miller!!! Fuck u Cordelia!(: haha jkjk I love her<3
. on conan on wednesday! Let's show #sf some love--and maybe make feel better about ?
What a Great Thanksgiving Week!!! We are Very Thankful for Everyone's support!!! Thank you!!!
Same to U
Swimming, then packing for my fabulous weekend with my girls.
oh no (hope you're ok) but cant help but laugh too! Yes, oh the
the FCAT mind fucked me today O.o
For the last time, I am down with Hot Spacho, Samuel L. Jackson
Angela from GroupVisual.io - I love everything you presented! Especially the home spreadsheet. ( #Adobe Data Viz #breakthroughs)
“: Your present circumstances don't determine where you can go; they merely determine where you start. -Nido Qubein”
lol people and they twitter names
RT : This is the first year in MLB history that has included a perfect game and a 4-homer game. And it's only May 8!
Life's an adventure. It's ok to laugh and enjoy it!!!
Ah headache and stomach ache. Blahh. Brain and tummy pain. Boo!
He fits like a glove around here! :)
talking about 50 shades of grey haha.
my desk looks like a paper mill exploded.
God Damn .
because my dad told me I would! if I expect to cry, I won't cry. ya know?
"Why does the tea smell like beef?"-haha, at the Korean noodle house we went to beef broth was served in teapots and teacups, as a beverage.
Being Random is a part of life lmao
RT : . Seems to me that we need to show them the #HITsm chat logs to give them direction!
OH: when I'm DJ'ing I put subliminal thoughts in their heads
Today in 1979, the eradication of smallpox was certified after as many as 500 million people had died of smallpox in the 20th century alone
Going to beauty is pain boutique to see real life Vikings play some black metal in stonehaven!!!!
lol Bernie Mac always leaves an impression.
Who's getting married?
Thank You for a lovely dinner last night...sushi, red wine, & great conversation - perfect celebration
I wish my dad was in my life. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
u have twitter! Cool thx for following :-)
For 30 minutes, while sitting by his graveside, I read aloud the inspirational speech which #BenjaminBritten gave at Aspen.
:p Vomited in the bus today -_-
awesome man! Just DM us ur address and how many u want (no quantity limit) and we'll get them out.
yo nice meeting you last night at the Crunchies! Awesome suit :)
Burned my baked sweet potato. Now tastes like cardboard.
I wuvs you! You are simply amazing! #bffs #<3
RT Also - really looking forward to getting back into an exercise routine.
Eating outside in front of the NYC public library is great option with today's beautiful weather
Please Please Please follow me my love I love you too #Believe .. PLEASE :D
Thank You Kris I Hope I Have As Much FUN As You Did;-)
Great start to the day-met with talking about upcoming collection app for
If you were following , I'm #recycling that name and changed it to #Outdoorliving tips from yours truly.
Soo haha he's still my best friend lolz
To and all other XU fans.. The game will be the main feature tonight.
Buy the village, we will visit.
enjoying Vietnam! #SAS #realtalk waking up early tomorrow to catch some rangers baseball!
If you see me at The Lilac Fest tonight say hi. I'll be doing the intro for ... one of the greatest live bands I've ever seen.
I don wanna play adult today *thrash*
Mail order chickens. Whoa.
99 followers and growing. Good info to come soon. I've been holding back some big news. Hint.... 200 k worth of Jewels on a model.
you're very welcome:)))
#FF Happy Holidays new followers!
heading the the CC Arts Fest. Can't wait to see what new pieces I can find. Hopefully I can find a Smoked Turkey Drumstick to nibble on!
The life which is not examined is not worth living. Plato
thank goodness, it was only for 0.5 seconds. had to snap you back to reality! lol
Can eggshells go down the dispose-all?
thanks for the RT
Great finish 4 #Badgers' Kyle Jefferson. RT : Waking up this morning knowing u gave it your all and came out on top is
The movements of mortgage rates higher and lower throughout the week have become progressively more tame.
Ur a pain in my ass! Like a huge ashy black cock going up my ass with no lube
WaPo:Our problem isn't readership. It's monetizing all our readers. We figure that out and we will have solved a lot.
notices my hair looks like Wes Stude's from his role as Uncas in "Last of the Mohicans."
Thanks for retweeting
And I wonder how the folks in suits & ties are coping?! RT : Wow DC is HOT today. Love it.
no! You used a hashtag!
jorge: As a kid I watched the eye of Alicia pass over my house. Last night Ike did the same. Life is way too short. Hug somebody, Now.
Cheers! RT : beer
they make electric skate boards?
This damn weather bro, I can't sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Spending all day tomorrow at the Dept of Ed #Arts Education grantee meeting, giving 2 presentations on strengthening #evaluation reports
money I need it I have to put has in my car and my dad is paying my insurance.
Will Particle Zoo IV reach 200 sub-particles before the slate is wiped clean once again as in the first Particle Zoo? Just asking.
Welcome to the #49Faithful as a Duck this is a match made in heaven
In so much pain. My legs, my abs, my back.
64 degrees. sunny. light breeze. perfect weather.
No, but I have a few that make you not care.
What are your thoughts on the first half?
Haha Cute(: Dude, Im So Happy With Blainee(:
sounds lyk someone I no u lol
im so going to chipotle after school. im so hungryy!
Portland Timbers season tickets have arrived! Let's do this!
Rytes Warriors 2013 heading to Semi-Finals vs Golden Isles Warriors (Alabama) at 2:00 pm.. Beat Killeen Elite in Qtrs. #Rytes Warriors
safe travels
Core Leadership meeting soon. Praising God for an aweaome team!!!
Could you please RT this? Our local radio station is trying to get Chicago a signing! Bring1DtoB96
Don't ever say you've been hacked when you haven't. Big CEO'S of 'twitter and Facebook work hard keeping your privacy safe....Rep. Weiner!
never let a pregnant lady walk out of there with out pho
this isn't spam, but I'm selling my old iPad...
Still, that would be an evil tactic. Hope we do it.
Let's not 4 get, Dad's that are Mom's, Step Mom's, Grandma's,and our Mother of God. Happy heavenly Mother's Day, Mom <3
I <3 the Can't complain since they both follow me + they probably know you're my neighbor!
The New Sexy Man on Myspace ! LOL
How do you edit a video on IPhone 4s? I need to shorten it but idk how!?
I love my osa
everyone in the world is so fake. omg. "I fucking hate that bitch... ugh, here she comes.. omgg, hi! you look so pretty today I love you!"
You're the reason I have a middle finger. ¯\(<U+30C4>)/¯
This Clippers/Grizzlies game is the worst game seven in the history of team sports.
The brightest future will always Be based on a forgotten past; You can't go forward in life until You let go of your past failures and...
Rightt :3 D'aww, about your tweets, you are in love, with..? Can I know? :3 x
At Positive Tomorrows, education is more than just classroom time; it's about enriching the lives of our students!
"It's all about tile placement."That gets old after several losses.
That was awhile ago for me but I remeber trying to be honest without being graphic. How'd you do it?
Change your AVI (profile picture).
Lol that was a high tweet.
very strange. Words said you abandoned me. I'm reachable. I will dm
Listening to Zapp and Roger- Computer Love. Sounds a lot better on my Good news it is #friday!
Clash of the paid projects! Only one can survive. Bugger. Wait for a bus, two come at once.
Yup, I bought an ipad. Super excited!
April showers bring May flowers. What do May flowers bring? June brides?
When you consider there will be 16 teams left after tomorrow night and and are 2 of them, that's WI boss !
AWESOME! And good 'cuz I'm gonna hold you to it...you BETTA come...or I'm gonna go all kung-fu ninja on your ass!
RED STAIN ON CARPET??? Hydrogen Peroxide/ Dish Soap... Message me directly for instructions
so weird--i'm not sure how that works. glad i'm not the only one! this might just make weekly blowouts worthwhile.
My chick bad lookin like a bag of money.
trying out the new aim, eh..
the ending to #me3 is just fine the way it is! Bioware shouldnt change anything
Most of the people never follow any people on #FF , but its always positive to be on someone's list(:
There's no point in burying a hatchet if you're going to put up a marker on the site
baha forgot to mention you in last tweet(:
I'm just going to say it.I really hate you right now, you screwed me over.some friend you WHERE....ya and by WHERE I mean NOT ANYMORE!!!
Bad bitch & her chacha, grabbing on her chee ches...
In My Eyes You Are The Stupidest MF'er Alive !
In the great department store of life, baseball is the toy department. -Author Unknown
Watching on mute because I'm too lazy to find the remote. In other news, hotel doesn't have free wi-fi so I'm tweeting stupid things.
I appreciate that fam! Means alot
Ever since you went away my heart has never beat the same
eating ice cream and watchin a movie! =) always relaxing!
I just hope that you miss me a little when I'm gone.
haha omg i can only imagine how it'd be when you have an actual baby...memphis is downstairs with his mom sleeping
Tonight at 6:30pm - Replay of Mexico vs Uruguay!
I'm CRACKIN
How 'bout a surtax on Catholics who don't believe in contraception? (First kid's free; 5% bump for each addition.)
We are HUGE Marvel / DC fans ~ my 4 year old nephew tried telling me about it yesterday, his dad kept yelling at him not to
geeze! That sucks!
Getting ready for CANASA! Will you be there? Stop and visit us at booth #927 - we have some exciting material to show you!
I'm (kind of) patiently waiting for my song from I cannot wait to get it!
which app did you use before instagram?
I quite enjoyed Reach. Guess that's why. I'd give Halo up in a second if Bioshock would come out on time!!!
hello thanks for being awesome
My blog at www.sdhg.us features Fallingwater, PA and thoughts on perhaps how a few local architects could do better if given the locale
Hm. What to do when your 5 year old gives your one year old his first haircut when your back is turned.
my dog pissed on mine and now its all rusty I can't use the thing now
Nothing like some Pearl Jam.
laying like needles in the hospital.
--to say that to someone, yeah, i'm in law classes bitch.
ur killing me aith all these images.... ;)
Lets get rich and give everybody nice sweaters and teach them how to dance.
So what's been happening while I was gone...lots of #levilowrey talk I see, lol
I know that one!
Want a #PR #internship this summer? DHC is hiring! Send your resume, cover letter & 3 writing samples to by April 13
time to bring back #myNYPDfile and tag
really wat did he say lol
I've had such a bad day and AGT is making me laugh so hard lol bless you television
lol yeah next time I will babe I need the tan (;
yeah I'll be gone during that time.lol.That'd be so cool though :P
Apparently being on the verge of tears listening the the BSG soundtrack helps my productivity.
It reminds me a little of the golden girls. love that show also
at lunch chillinn. And wow way to go
This place is incredible!!!! Im afraid to go on the balcony though! Way to high lol
Never thought there was a time I'd watch Peter Jurkin. Then I came to the Jordan Brand game. #idliketoaskhisparentswhy???
yup, a fanpage though.
that's a Zeppelin, not a blimp. </ airship nerd >
Daily Muse: "Every great story on the planet happened when someone decided not to give up, but kept going no matter what!” Spryte Loriano
Everything sounds like bacon
How is everyone's off season so far?
when your rich everything becomes free
It gets worse -- and better -- and different. Every year is a beast in its own furry way.
RT : I'm not even gonna get mad anymore. I'm just going to learn to expect the lowest out of the people I thought the highest of."
hey guys, i really want to make a video for ! i need psanderettes!!!! if ur interested tweet me :)
more good times at the maritime cabanas 5-10pm:) then pink elephant til 4am.
#ItsSadThat high school flies by so fast
Tomorrow night at will be exciting as we watch win! #RBNY South Ward, #CincoDeMayo #UFC & Boxing fans will be there!
I'm so telling mom.
10th year at #SXSW! Love the vibe & meeting our great customers. Hit us for CD duplication & custom t-shirts!! It's what we do.
Dude nice! Its a close game man!
I got trust issues b/c of
that's not what I said!!!
If I ever lost my dad, I'll be terrified!!
Going to city walk rite now and tomorrow I really want to come I love u guys!
They should've. RT : about that Hyundai spot, I heard it was filmed with all real employees. 2 bad they didn't emphasize that.
It makes me want to cuss more when people tell me not to cuss.
Going to sit down with Coach Bielema at IHOP for a breakfast and gossip session.
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED (with my bumper). Boom! Enjoy that jam for AL OF MAY.
Exactly. Mofos hungry. Our schools are jacked. Folks don't have jobs, but you want to scream about gay marriage?
The F-Word: Tackling Employee Performance FEEDBACK - New CRG emPerform Webinar
I hope someone told Cotto to keep his hands up on the break. We all remember the last fight's nonsense.
loud Loud LOUD LOUDER. In case you're wondering what you're missing.
just saw u on tv!:) please follow me:D
#wordoftheday Spruik (v) To make or give a speech, especially extensively; spiel. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
ur artist is real good i like the flow
New goal: become one of the realtors on
Why were The Beatles such great song writers? One reason: try writing 13 albums of material in 7 years and not come up with a few gems!
RT Wishing all of Indiana’s teachers a wonderful Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks so much for all of your hard work and...
oh my word, thank you Aidan! That is so sweet!!! :3
Snowflakes. Finally. Well.... Barely.
ugh, I just did something in PHP that was a total anti-pattern that completely solved my problem.
Is every human eating at a diner today,6 diners not 1seat!!!
I love you like a love song baby.
u such a Twitter freak lol
Congrats on completing the half in 2:12...saw you fly by at the Kingdom. Awesome job!!!
Going to LA Times Festival of Books? I'll be emcee at the YA Stage today and tomorrow from 11-5. Stop by and say hi!
In the hot seat!
The Business Lawyer is seeking experienced editors! Editors receive an honorarium upon completion of each issue.
I have worn my hair for two months now. It's time to get my weave back.
aw ok love(: btw are u going to see Austin in new York?(:
More and more, finding that yoga & meditation can solve anything that's causing me a problem.
O.M.G.I Just think someone with a booty pop ON...
you guys rock!
I'm so sad! :( I can't make it to your concert! :( but I know it will be amazing!!!! Have fun
Le sigh ... Goodnight
how are you liking San Fran? Xoxo
When you are my age, YOU DO NOT HAVE A PERMIT.....
Can you please follow me? I would be the happiest person ever!
Great. A lizard tail is now lost in my couch.
the key 2 a straight up swap is that it must b a win-win 4 everyone. happy weekend.
I just randomly got cold
aw :) your soo nice your beautiful to!!!!!!!
Ready to eat and hit up the movies
Check out WEEDS and THE BIG C on Showtime Network NOW, they are two of the best shows. Both shows previous seasons available on DVD
Thank you. Needed! ;-)
AW HAIL NO.
my mom listening to keith sweat . His voice cracks me up . Lol
Now headed to Slaughter. Anyone know where I can trade my money for furs & gold before I journey that far away from civilization?
Our convo's just left me a good memories (: that's just make me happy (: I just smiling like an idiot (:
Need #catering in #midtown or downtown?! Try cafe 41, we cater breakfast, lunch and dinner!
Thanks for tweeting about the voting deadline, but it's actually *next* Monday (5/21), not today.
Looking for some help on editing my film I shot in India. Shoot me a message if that's something u might be interested in:)
lol...no, a night club...
TONIGHT - Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Playing the Hottest Hip Hop, EDM & Dance Music at ABQ's Best Danceclub!
I saw their first game this year and Hassel is the real deal, he has a sweet shooting stroke!
Burgandy is the NEW black for the Grammy's. Now on GMA. So glad I didn't miss that.!
Twas a good wknd to go to Eugene,duckstore was giving 25% off on cutting mats,got an xacto knife too. Ready to make 3part cards!
#aye seems like the only time I get on #twitter is when I'm bored....but I can't lie #ihate the #upgrade #twitter....smh it get on my nerves
When you think of Boston, what 3 things come to mind? Tweet us back your answers!!
I feel like we have been through so much but we always tend to find each other back in our lives.
Me too! I sort of can't believe this movie actually got made.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> RT : the good feeling i get when Kobe misses a shot >>>>>>>
Santa Monica is one of my favorite parts of LA, summer = perfect weather there beachside (but a bit crowded)
She got jealous of her ex’s new gf so I stabbed her hand with my fork to distracct her. I’m such a great friend.
Learning to build a website like a pro!
RT I love watching people watch the asses at a show. BROOKLYN GOING CRAZY
If the #rapture occurs tomorrow, I will be at AutoZone. Working. Lucky me. :/
lmao. I really could care less about skin tone cuz i like em all but idk if I could go out on a limb & say that they are overrated
Packing and watching supernatural...I want this whole family to die, theres a ghost in your house listen to the two heavily armed hottys!!!
Hubbyz grounded. My other love has a year in jail... FML..
Anyone else think Blue the dog was a weak mascot? Bring back Dynamo!
haha I'm glad I'm not the only one too!! It's like damn, you do know this is America, right?! Freedom of speech, people!
just started using for project managment & crm. It's free up to 1GB storage. just which they had plugins...
#russiandolls the rest 5 episodes will be shown on oct 7 at 8AM and then the rerun starts on oct 4 at 9pm on LRW chh
FACT: Frozen and broken water pipes rank #2 behind hurricanes in the number of homes damaged and the amount of claim costs in the U.S.
“: It's gettin' funky up in ! Don't miss Easter services with ! #blessed”
All u do is sit around and Talk bout The next person.blame urself for not havin shit In life.
RT ": I love when teachers respond to my emails right away... it makes my life so much easier."
“: My phone put Scooter. That was brilliant.” it was!
I think he did really great
you witch!
40hrs awake :: I got the slowness in :: looking for. I got up with some nostalgia tongues. Of all things :: which one's to-say. Right there.
The best kind of afternoon! RT : It's a coffee, chocolate & hip-hop kind of afternoon.
Sort of in the middle stages - arranging and recording. The fun part, I guess. Mixing is next, which is the part I like least. :)
i'm always looking out for you cause' you're the one i miss.
sucks cause she told me her twitter name was jmitchell_60
Lolz! RT:: Oh no, some stranger must've stolen my phone and sent you those 17 texts last night. It wasn't me, I swear.
I knew my Wizard Powers would work on your house >:P
If anyone is aware of existing tools that do batch PDF/a grabs of websites, paint me very interested.
I wonder if I ever cross your mind. For me it happens all the time. </3
My family is polarized on the issue of Marlee Matlin.
Researching some Bro Clothiers in Austin. Excited to check out & What else is out there?
I love that ring!
Eat first
will you wear a pretty jeans tomorrow on 106 & park lol love look pretty cute sexy
"secretly, i didnt like it" bahahahaha
Hey #FantasyFootball fans! Week 5 of www.hottubspeeperpicks.com is online! And celebrating Breast Cancer Awareness!
Spread the love.
I think I can make that happen. i know it's right at dinner time for you. If you'd rather, I can do later. Ill be up late.
ha ha don't play
#ICantStandPeople (girls) that go out in public with no bra on
I'm still here! Working to beat a deadline... :)
cost me several hours of sleep last night. Much too interesting.
“NurburgRing” Sausage Benedict w Usinger’s Saucisschen Sausage, Spinach, Caraway Biscuit, Fried Eggs, Onion Strings and Beer Cheese Sauce.
#np MCR- Thank You For the Venom
LOL thanks so much!
... Do you even know who ADNAN SAKLI is ... You need too.
The Asian tourist next to me was going THROUGH it. I forgot how much I loved that movie though. " I'd rather be his whore than your wife. "
That ring at least once is supreme over HOF career. Although there is something for a trail blazer
haha u tried to kiss her first day
Fast Fact: The color originally associated with Saint Patrick was blue.
Perhaps that is what aligns his porn, sf, and theory: they all insist on the literal; they all say "this is happening"
or newspaper or anything else that is fun
Can't wait to hear your guys' next album. I bet it'll be just as wonderful. Have a wonderful rest of the day.
I'm mad af!
Yup, you should renew your winter timeshare.
Trying to finalize speakers and location for getting started social media seminar for June. Thinking simple is best.
Balboa Park Cacti Photos
WAHOO!!!!!!! And they've already raised twice their goal in just a couple hours!
Vile Weed
I heard that and are having a baby in August and that amazing news to me
Hoping everyone has a "SUPER SWEET" Weekend!
My mom + My dad - Condom = Greatest person alive ;)
I need a nap.
Shouting you out brotha, you are not forgotten. Crunch time at UTA. We'll holla soon!
#ReplaceSongLyricsWithPaul Nothings fine i'm paul;)
ok just realized how that could b taken lol but hopefully you know what I meant
No one sniffs Kobe
The WWE Universe just got robbed out of a great match.... It's Wrestlemania, not Thursday night Thunder
why?! Its hott! I've only seen men with it. Its not feminine at all! Very unisex! Lol!
be safe and have a fun trip ! God bless!(:
#StopOahiRail Vote for to de-rail this disaster and save Oahu worldwide embarrassed on this joke of a rail project.
Heading to the halloween store to pick up some black cloaks for the to wear for their gonna be a good one
perfecto! See you tonight :)
thanks for the feedback!
Looking forward to getting tipsy with the Dutch boyz
Pregnant women are so freaking moody. Chill the fuuckk out
PerkStreet April Personal Finance Pulse: Financial Savvy is Sexy
just unsubscribed from the Travis email list I signed up for when I was 16... g'bye to Fran and the gang! :p
what should i do with this bottle? Oh just hide it behind that chair. Good call they never even knew
I'm happiest when I'm….NOT receiving promoted Tweets on my Twitter feed...RT Finish this sentence: I'm happiest when I'm...
I know right!!! So fuckin true!
Eager doesn't belong on that list. Mayers much better. What happened to Mayers? Rest of list solid.
RT : . Rodney aka "Uncle Ben" appeared to be a gentleman babygirl. #Vh1ToughLoveNewOrleans<~~not my type boo
Idc. U still lahh me. :P
I literally cannot function online without #GoogleChrome. Heading to the MAC store for help.
Well with the dancers it used to be through the mash-up but right now I am creating an event to bring young artist together.
I hope I have enough in my bank account or wait until friday and use my mom money lol
He sitting there looking surprised as fuck
side of the room is now cleaner than my side of the room. How could this happen?!
Totally digging #RockCenter ! #bwilliams you're awesome! Congrats!
Human Papillomavirus (HPV) is transmitted through vaginal, oral or anal sex as well as skin-to-skin contact.
yea don't know what that is lol
Maybe Rangers should wait until end of year to settle ": Contract-year Josh Hamilton is a pretty scary beast."
Thanks, we dig your stuff as well. *group hug* :)
ACK! Watch KUSI! I am at a wedding Friday, strangled in tafetta, darling! We reunite next Friday.
I'd pay money to have someone make my iTunes start downloading podcasts again. It's been a month since it worked.
Tweet tweet. Hi there facebookland. We have a twitter. Also, 2 peanuts were walking down the street when one was assaulted.
Because they are two bad people lol.
it was too much for my tiny budget
you too!
... gift bags, access to all fashion shows, and even a raffle! How can you miss it? Contact me for more information. Let me tell you, it's a
try documents to go. I think it works via a sync cable. Check on that before you buy, but I'm pretty sure.
someone jus blew the shit out of me!
completed her food and exercise diary for 03/20/2012 and was under her calorie goal
I think everyone just did there own thing. Lol I had my own skip day when I went to meet Khleo lol everyone there had skipped.
Just because I have a "boy's nickname", old man, doesn't mean my parents thought I was going to be a boy...
I didnt ask for money or mansion in malibu. I simply asked for one more day with you
no nevermind. i'd never do that.
Howdy and thanks for the follow. :)
step away for a day and miss a match!
Stoked for a shoot later with ! Chillin at the Hilton with , , and
i swear if summer is like this , raining all the time, im gunna cry !
ok will hit you up this week.
Quite surprised by My Week With Marilyn and quite touched by Albert Nobbs.
Oh, Modest Mouse, you never cease to amaze me.
Bored bored bored. What a loser I am.
Sometimes, if I know its coming, I *say* "burp" as it happens. I call it 'meta-burp' & then I kill myself for being a douchebag.
: Lol! Are you freaking kidding me?! What-an-ass!
hi. random ?. do u remember a campaign u ran on Twitter last year to have peeps submit photos of nature in their backyard?
How often do players come back to play after a torn ACL...anybody know?
It is with true love as it is with ghosts everyone talks about it, but few have seen it.
The menu sounds awesome! RT : Unbelievably excited that starts lunch today!
of course babe (;
Thanks, Chuck! : Recommend
fuhh I wish I had someone to cuddle with rn. D;
Can't wait for Easter with the family... This means I'm that much closer to the #CoolCreekConcert series!
But we all have a bad side, lol
Next up - #Ninoh - acts like your second brain. Tracks your activities, guides you on what to do next.
Working on this great web database project that will actually "design" an outdoor living space based on items that you select. Neat.
I'd hate to see what baseball tonights ratings are tonight
#writechat Best advice - I use that summary sentence idea with interviewees 2 help them succinctly say most important point.
Planning the April "Eco-friendly" issue of V&V, any one from our circulation area with story ideas please email me at alane…
Best thing about working in #PR or #Marketing is becoming an expert on new things.
Just finished watching a fantastic FIM world super bike race from Donington Park on Speed. Both BMW riders taken out on final lap..
8 picks for tonight, get all 8 for $20 or 4 for $10. Can't beat these deals people, on an MLB tear right now! Email us for more info
Food Fact of the Day: 1879 Saccharin was discovered by Constantine Fahlberg and Ira Remsen at Johns Hopkins University.
Haha dragon breath havin ass nigga! RT : "I got a girlfriend, she jus don't live around here".......oh, you...."That" nigga.
it kinda made me in the mood to go party under a blacklight.... dang it! i shouldda looked at myself to see if i was purple too!
RT if you NEVER get tired of hearing 's songs! <333 i know i dont :)
I was looking at the zombie race "Run For Your Lives" last night & couldn't figure out who is sponsoring? Did CNN report that?
up and at it already on that grind. going to be a productive day. cant wait for tomorrow night though..good things coming.
just arrived in Philly. Will be playing a set after a screening of Make-out With Violence at Bob & Barbaras. Starts at 9.
So I guess Newt Gingrich gave up too.
OK, #Klout is dumb. It thinks I am "knowledgeable" about LOUISANA. WHY?! CLEARLY I CANNOT EVEN SPELL IT CORRECTLY W/OUT SPELL CHECK!?
Thanks Catherine! :)
Watching Ridiculousness then going to sleep!
Not too bad for the last day of Winter! 60 already :D
not a band, not an orchestra, but a ....
come back to pittsburgh soon! :)
i should get off twitter now :'} but im gonna miss my boy fried tyler posey :{ dam randy!
My head is pounding like shit.
Thank you for the follow, !
you were on our Skynyrd email! Did you check your spam box? We used mailto:
“Knowledge is only potential power”
#allthethings The rest of us can only dream of "Price Parity"
hahaha i wana see u do that
Haha now the weird happy ending..
Happy Monday! :) It looks like the women's Soccer team has qualified for the Olympics. Did anyone watch the NHL all Star game?
Sounds like in Franklin League Baseball the Royals ran the table and took home the crown
Gamblers don't get variance and says he likes to work with investors not gamblers.
HEY CLASSIC NEVER GETS OLD THE INTERNETS GETTING CUT FOR MAINTENANCE AT 1PM SO THIS WI
hehe we will fill you in later :) we are all hanging out
New Physician Joins Valley Pain Consultants - Sacramento Bee
Seniors are telling their stories and sharing their knowledge at the Jane Addams Senior Caucus.
or freaking Pete Townsend?!?!
Holy Crap, ninfas ain't playin with a margarita
Hey Los Angeles! Just a reminder I&#39;ll be Playing @ Viper Room Lounge this Tuesday, March 20th @ 8.30pm! See Y&#39;all there! -BAC
Sorry, man, but you got Tebowned today.
The best classic, all-you-can-eat, family friendly, Friday fish fry in Milwaukee is?
Headed out again! Flying to FL for several women's events in Indian Rocks and Jacksonville - these churches are amazing and I'm psyched!
“Now that it’s over. I should have known better than to think this is real and you could be mine.
We out chea building an empire... Be on the lookout
haha!! The one and only
Great chats about empowering social entrepreneurs at
wishing I was at the derby.......
Has anyone who submitted to State Museum of Pennsylvania's Art of the State heard back yet?
Thnx! Will try out GroupCamp too.
you girls are just a bunch of skanks ! ... That I miss of course!
Thanks for the #ff, Catherine!! Have an excellent weekend!!
I did but I decided to have pizza at Pizza Hut/Taco Bell :-)
Can't wait to see my girl tonight :)
should i read anything into all the white commentators who have never met henry louis gates repeatedly referring to him as "skip"?
Thanks for the Mention Ciara.. Enjoy Your Day/Evening
And, the bleach can ruin your clothes FAST!
Proud of you Gaston! RT : Great presentation about . . Keep it up :)
Happy Mothers day to
#Personofinterest is hitting #domesticviolence on the target!!! tune in!
It's a sunny kind of day and I'm excited for so many things I can't wait any longer.
love love love you too baby! Next week ;)
I have a lot of respect for you!
All love returned fully! I had a wonderful time tonight, so nice to see you.
REVEILLONS LES CONSCIENCES
time to get my work done round here ..have a great monday #STEELERNATION and be kind to one-another
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-67
I like the draft pick coming back. Do u think Blazers are done dealing?
Last day of #pcbw is here. That was the fastest 8 day week ever! What did you like best? How are you celebrating the final day?
good luck! let me know when yiy get back!
lmao lmao I love you for this
Don't forget to include or #HRD2011UR in your tweets so that they can be tracked and followed as a class.
After that showing by Molina, we had better win this game. Cannot reward that sort of bush league behavior.
will be one of the judges at the CariBooty Shaking contest..... He knows ASS when he sees it!
ty. Will do.
Looking forward to rooting for our beloved Lakers in the playoffs!
this time tomorrow ill be on my way to destroy a rack. im hyped
Time for some church!
read it again. If congress allows. First pobs were tax exempt. Rule changed.
Getting seen at the health center. Hoping I don't have strep
Thanks for the follow check out
I hope all the little kids running around my backyard step in dog shit
Wow, Nice. Hope your rehearsal is going well.
Chick-fil-A for dinner. =) Yummy
Check out
Filed my DROP (Deferred Retirement Option Program) papers yesterday. Weird feeling to know it is all coming to an end in 5 years.
Playoffs here we come!
#SallyAdams discusses the meaning of "Restoring the Airplane" at #YPABQ #LunchWithLeaders event sponsored by New Mexico Business Week…
Thanks for the mentions this week!
Excited to release brand new website! Few hours to go. . .
That's what I like to hear! Just got done with ours on this end. Now time for work!
Don't ever judge me on what shows I watch now!
laughing here also!!!
Inside the NBA is one of the best sports shows on TV
i'm from nebraska
it's not usable. Junk yard worthy
I saw the gayest show this weekend and didn't even get laid! I had a pair of new sneaks too! -Kitty
Just sent. Thanks!!
just finished practice...new song is awesome
Tim Duncans what color?
do you work or go to school, wat you do ma
So I just want to announce that what I thought was a mouse in my apartment yesterday morning, was only a bathmat. Cc:
Hardcore Pawn is so annoying! These peeps are ratchet for real <U+270B><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Thanks for suggesting the Missed Connections theme, !
Thanks for the Mention :)
Trying to decide between 1 Shopping Cart or J Rox for affiliate progrm? What is better and WHY?
“: #Libras don't ever mean to steal your shine but the spotlight will always follow a #Libra.” absokutelyyyy
Thanks for the RTs and Tumblr love, buddy!
PS i heard your song this wknd, sung liveby A.T.E. live
i didn't help pick that one; second time was "Re-Elect Mayor Sanders." that didn't take long to come up with
thank you for showing some of my code from my #jdmw presentation in your Lynda.com recording. I'm honored!
It felt real, then you wake up pissed off
When you see someone on facebook and your like awh she's pretty! Then you see her in person and your like is that even the same person!
I'm willing to bet 10 dollars that my brother will be late to his own graduation in 4 hours. Any takers?
okayy well just key me knoww
Is it wrong that i laughed at a little kid trip while walking out of the school bus?
Delaware possessing the puck in the early minutes of the 2nd
My great aunt literally has a book shelf full of nothing but bibles haha
lol I was just tired
Just smile, it might not make your problems disappear, but it will stop people from asking what's wrong with you.
Just got a cup of coffee from the emo version of Nathan Lane.
we have a long way to go...
she goes running at 10?! Thats scary! Yea she was gonna lend me her death note movies
Me too!
I'm reading Imperial Leather: Race, Gender and Sexuality in the Colonial Contest by Anne McClintock. Great read!
Stop taping flyers to my kneecaps!! What is wrong with you people?!
Why in the world is Game 7 Lakers-Nuggets on at 10:30 Saturday night?
first i need a job cause i need money to buy him food and stuff so until then he is staying back home D:
The awkward moment when you want to tweet about someone but they're following you.....
Amen. I'll receive that!
Now I get the instagram dl email
They AREN'T, 360,000 people receiving food stamps out of 22 million people with advanced degrees represents only 1.6%.
lmao so when u wake up BAM he's there
RT #icantstandpeoplethat wear see-through leggings as pants. gag.//welcome back to the states
PODCAST EMERGENCY! (sort of) Last minute cancellation. Any composers or new music performers want to be on the show Sunday at 11am ET?
"Preaching to the Queer", "Queer Voices", "Shades of Rainbow", "Colorful Queers", "Inquire Within", "The Quorum", "Q-We're"
I tried to clean the floor once when out with a friend and he was like, "Let the help do their job!"
Lots of Windows Phones at The National concert tonight.
Austin's big announcement
I only got 26 mins of sleep, and they were right before my alarm turned on :-/ WRONGY!!!!!
Stay away from me. Stop following me on social media or I'm going to file harrassment charges.
The winner of our FIRST Twitter contest is...........
You must be Above the bar r those who have coughed up the dough. Indulged Hubby 1 father's day a few years back.
Trying to register #webservius for Microsoft
Not horrible... at all. ^_^
I swear I think I have split personalities sometimes. Its not easy being a gemini.
Oh ok...Well at least that's not the whole summer. You have fam in Dallas?
enjoy the homoerotic undertow.
If Taylor Swift & Bruno Mars went out & broke up, there would be some great relationship songs made.
Hey everybody we are on our way to the show in mansfield at the wired venue! Come see us tonight with behold the kingdom!
I'm on a mission
and Thats wat i like 2 see fire under ur teams ass and put other teams on notice that this yall CHAMPIONSHIP
Presenting a project today for anatomy, then I'm basically done with that class since I already took the final
Can't wait until Reunion in May!
ok go to hell, cause thats where ur headed.
Finished seminar on Poe in Graham's. Murders in the Rue Morgue + c. 19 sheet music = awsome!!
Best of luck to and as they go for the Elite Eight tonight in #MarchMadness!
I'll hold your ass.......... Accountable that is
Getting very busy! We just received a donation from a wonderful organization so that allows us to get some new projects going!
Yesh pwease. right backatcha sweets ! ny again? so jelly.
“: can you just imagine vincent in a v-neck, skinny jeans, a beanie, & his glasses? SWEET BABY JESUS, someone hold me~”ik
It's amazing how long it takes me to wake up for work or class and how fast I'll get up to study for a midterm for 4 hours
Heading home after a 10 day adventure of mountains, grizzly bears and race cars. Life is strange!!
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 48F PARTLY CLOUDY
OK #amrheartfilms website is re-vamping, our new film #wakeup is is T-Minus 25 days from going whole hog: www.amrheartfilms.com
awareness, play ( not kidding) + less stifling of markets by corporations
Do not be nervous just remember he is human just like you and me
Keep your head and your heart in the right direction and you will have to never worry about your feet......
what's going on there?
There are bagpipers playing outside the Mayflower. Is it for Police Week?
ha. i live there, too!
aww thank you you was cute to with your bright headed self!
I have never wanted the clapper so bad.
that's why I have to stay away.
Did just say can of corn? Wtf?
I need a female manager I have the talent who want to get rich with me write back and leave a contact number.
how's about a follow? I got you
I like women. Not girls
DNCJ is also in hard copy (Academia Press & The British Library, 2009) but online edn is updated every so often
Thanks for tweeting our blog post out last night :)
You are so right. I've lived it, so I know.
Watching #TheBlackSwan for my first time !
thank you for the RT & #FF!
Thank you for following me! Check out my show tonight: www.sa-urban.com 6:30pm CST
lol I got one
Meant to ask, which #ianmcewan book were you listening to? reading "Solar" right now and love it.
Thanks, man. Its pretty freaking cool. Although it would be cooler if I also still owned a house! :)
we should put a poll up see which home games. But tell people to only vote if they can actually make it, not just want to
"I got it bad, got it bad, got it bad..."
You Better Be Or I'd Have To Come Over There &Make You Ok. ;)
Is that Schwimer's fastball or impression of Joe Borowski's slider? I seriously can't tell. Not a good thing.
“: “: #MentionTo someone you really need in your life.” my grandma <U+2764>” #agreed<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
ain't that the truth
Where can you get high quality handmade olive oil soap, bath bombs, and bath salts? www.thesoapguy.com
Me: Yay! Homemade cookies! :D Mom: ...You bought the mix... Me: YES, but I made it at home. :3
Is speaking at Saving Green Together at Loyola University
That's awesome, best of luck on your move to the east!
If u wanna leave bets to believe ima let u spread them wings!!!
needs to re-send me her bb pin because my phone deleted it before I could add it. Thanks!
Have you seen our video on the homepage? Watch it now! www.georgetown.edu
Yeah,sure!
you mean Florida, right? ;)
Just because you're a cop doesn't mean you're a cop.
one more reason to visit HK this summer: our study abroad program partner!
Happy Single Awareness Day!! Isn't it just fabulous...?
After having a hard day youd think that one person would come home to cheer you up not make your day shittier. thanks
Who's the biggest disappointment in Fantasy Football thus far this season? Let us know and we'll mention it on this week's podcast.
So glad I am transferring out of PTC. Their Online instructors need to get with the program and look at the schedule of PTC.
Friendship is like a bank account. You can't continue to draw on it without making deposits.
Hi... Thanks so much for the RTs!
why am I not asleep.
tell me something I don't know<333
a lot of them left everything to escape Castro on rafts though - I agree that its free speech though.
Mondays would be "? " And Fridays "!" RT : if days were punctuation, wednesday would be the ellipsis.
#WaysToImpressMe If your weed can be smelt from 5 miles away..
Patio's open, come on by!
#pac12tourney needs new venue each year
1 week to #runcolfax! Join us for an epic race! 91 Charity Partners, 5 events, a mile high!
Man is least himself when he talks in his own person
According to Autumn Marisa, a personal email is best way to reach out to a reporter. Keep it short, newsworthy, and relevant.
This construction is DC is never ending.
Thanks everybody for the support! 72 @ mentions since my post. Party soon and your invited!
President #Obama to #China: The #US is disappointed with your veto on
I'll be in NY on Fri...when are you leaving the city?
Will I ever find you my love?
Been listenin 2 the Monkees all week, so fun fact: In 1967, the Monkees outsold The Beatles and The Stones, and Hendrix opened for them
For his career, Izturis has been very solid defensively. He certainly hasn't looked good this year, though.
Whoa. Another quake.
Awww! Thanx for including me in your morning shout luv! Hope you had a nice Moms Day! <3
My dream.. My black and white portrait of my unlce ": Before I die I want to get tattooed by Kat Von D."
Not ready for school...don't want to go but I AM ON A MISSION, I HAVE PPL TO SAVE NOW!
Tell yo baby daddy that he super weak.
why?? You looked so cool
“: what r u up to? smile.” this really made my day a lot better. thank you, justin.
HaPPY FRIDAY
Love getting phone calls from Germany. Haven't had one of those in months! :)
Ray Allen'S momma is so cute and so proud
We tweet each other the same things.
You can only vote 10 times, despite the fact that you can call endlessly. 90 of my 100 calls didn't count, but I don't care! Win it, Tony!
congrats on the weight loss, how much have you lost total?
Must not eat entire cake sitting in the fridge. Look, a lovely carrot! nnnngggghhh....
New Products in Stock:Hydratherma Naturals Botanical Defining Gel
Where are you based? Los Angeles?
Ugh, why is it so difficult to get 6 people in a room together at the same time?
impact factor GET! eigenwhatshisname just co-authored 457 articles with me
terrible. swallowed whistle twice on fouls by UNC.
It is possible that Kristin Cashore is burning this church down. The light behind the cross sparked, and now it smells of chemical smoke...
2 days down - 2 days to go....this 14+ hour manual labor work days aren't much fun haha- Eye on the prize, #NewOrleans on Monday..
Exciting news. We're up for a prestigious family business award in Massachusetts. Winners announced at a big ceremony tonight!
Yep! What are you up to this weekend?
well I'm in nogiii ^_^
The Avengers was so awesome i waited an hour to Go Pee D;
#TheAvengers lived up to everything that was promised. Great job at blending everyone in.
listeing to Diddy - Dirty Money - Coming Home ft. Skylar Grey
excellent pass and yes I heard you but wasn't sure who it was, thanks for telling me lol
Hey, shoot me that list when you've got it, k? So I can get some thoughts down before the conference...
I'll be there... When you fall -floor
I cannot believe how much I needed a vacation.
Come on lakers get this done...
#mudmelt Joan has made art from mud with the mostly space element of iridium. This element crucial in determining asteroid hits.
From fighting for the #AJA to helping homeowners, it’s all here with the Weekly Wrap Up: OFA.BO/nnmjnP
I'm ready to go to Fredonia!
Getting ready for the #baconwrappeddates challenge. Wonder which contestants will finish?
Oh, Mr. Darcy, you'll always have my heart you silver fox.
Calling off the board games, beer and awesome tonight due to the weather. See ya next week! :)
u all here
Uh oh. The OSU-Stanford game just became Ray Finkle, part 2.
@ Rivercity marketplace for shopping and dinner with Magnificent Mom and Wife..this place is bigger then i thought!
You're not missing out xD They aren't that great.
teacher loan forgiveness mostly unworkable, at least in my wife's experience. Nelnet a bad actor in certifying eligibility.
yeah thanks Chad for all your hard work appreciate it!!!
My wife is getting a windows phone...I'm so proud!
im in college right now, lookin for a job, blah borin stuff really,lol
had my first Über ride tonight...most excellent!! So great it has me wondering if it's cheaper than owning a car?!
the 23rd is open if you want that Thursday.
Very happy to have you as a #Guacstar RT : Yeah so this burrito is spectacular. I'll be back
Whoops! Still, yay!
#realathletes dont complain bout a broken nail
We're obviously not looking for the same thing in each other. And that's always my problem.
YES YOU ARE FUCKED! SHIT OUT OF LUCK! NOW I'M COMPLETE AND MY COCK YOU WILL SUCK
Fucking lame asses.
I dream of you when I'm asleep, you even appear when I'm awake daydreaming. There is no escaping you. I just wish it was true. Goodnight ;)
Good night
Q1: Do you have a server? Q2: Mind using an existing theme? I can get virtually any premium theme if you have 1 in mind.
Delaware G #33 SJ Broadt with a great save on the PK to keep the lead 2-0.
I called your mom phone
10-0 run for the Bulldogs as Crishawn Hopkins is finally playing to his potential.
I'm always fascinated by the sound of music shows on TV. Usually, my bet is they sound better to the live audience.
In a Ministry meeting
it is in Hanover, IN! <U+2614>
If you wish to know what a man is, place him in authority. - Proverb
you are a tough MF for pursuing the rematch. Honestly, you shouldn't have to. You won.
nope you look Asian
“: man this is what i do gangsta! Hahah”loll
Dreams do come true!!
please do NOT DM me
I hope you'll be hungry when you get home. We wanna fill you with snacks.
Never to early. Champagne is the way to start.
Today is a good day to start thinking about Spring. We'll be having a greenhouse again for your live plant needs. I, for one, can't wait.
Is watching Jeremy Kyle with the twins!!
And that is the game, folks.
Movies with the fam c;
- no you didn't! :) Should have waited till you got to the REAL Jewel of the Meadowlands!
Is anybody out there? I feel like I'm talking to myself, no ones seems to know my struggle,& everything I've come from. Can anybody hear me?
I wouldn't miss that trip for the world! #gettinhitchedbyelvis :D
Starting to get sick on this treadmill!!
Nigga- Never Ignorant Getting Goals Accomplished
I am well....#whatchadoin?
I was painting a twitter war with a RWNJ when I awoke from my vivid dream
martha locked me out of my ipod touch for five minutes. i love my friends :) #saturdaynights are great
Not in the mood for anyone today omfg
Final arrangements at 10am tomorrow, i last session at 12pm w/ D - Rock and it's off to Mix and Master courtesy of
all you'll have to do is find us and tweet me a picture of you with one of us :)
church was truly amazing today <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> now to hang out with my pretty <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
That's so true about leaving comfort zone! No risk, no rewards!
Ha. Read that wrong. When you said redundancy, thought you meant the Spurs - since they've been here many times. My bad.
Call to make last minute reservations for Meet the Farmers! Featuring , PASA, Clarion River - 412-281-2602
Drat! Forgot lunch from home. Salad to be delivered soon!
Nicest day of the year and Phish announces two shows at Noblesville/Deer Creek this summer. Loving the central IN life today.
for sure the best ecommerce system on the market!!!
Work work work....
How many points does ravenclaw have??
And that's a wrap! Family time for a few weeks then off-season/AAU
I knew I lived in the windy city, but this is too much. Who's with me #chicago?
Waiting for interview. Nervous as all get out.
“: - yes, it is huge for the LA Rams (who will get every player the skins would've gotten for the next 4 yrs).” 3yrs
#mistakesGIRLSmake falling for someone when they KNOW tht the other person doesn't feel the same way.. :/
Just came back from a Tupperware meeting. Had alot of fun, very motivating. I love me team!
Thank you all for your concerns, Im doing much better and waiting for my results. I love you all <33
I could've told you that…
quote tweet if I should Change my dj name?
Lmao maybe my friends just don't like you.
Happy Mother's Day to the most wonderful and deserving mom in the world....love you Mom! :)
There are a lot of Brittanys at this Graduation.
Yes very stylish blazer. The yellow color is perfect for Spring.
“The church did the most for the world when the church was the least like the world.” - Campbell Morgan
Lunch totally sucks!!!!
more for me!!!
EXPERIENCED Retail Manager....Seeking District Manager position or higher...www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
This is the second time roshon and chelsie have been in the dance duel seriously?!! Ugh stop putting them in it! :(
Jets fans love booing
About to start conference at Quad
why is everyone so SHORT?! I'm not even in HEELS!
maybe I'm naïve, but can recruiters access your FB given privacy settings? Frankly, they'd be bored w/mine!
RT : Took our son out for his FIRST ride on our Buddybike!!! He loved it!! Thank you so much...is so enjoyable!
is impossible that you see this tweet but im from uruguay and i have a dream that never will come true but im trust2857
one minute til
guess what...IM IN LOVE WITH SAY SOMETHIN<33
more importantly, has she lived under a rock for the past 10 years?
Shaking more than my love! : The Ladies Lounge is demanding some Debbie Gibson! Get ready to shake your love !
Hope you brought your tissues, you're going to need them.
Watched Return of the Living Dead today....why does one of the punks look like Prince???
RT : Word of the day: Crapweasel
every now and then..
Agreed. RT : Rangers-Devils tonight: surprised to say it but that was more fun than just about all this weekend's NCAA games.
hey luv...Tell Gabby to get ready for miya party in july.
There are lots of devils in disguise out there, and some blatantly obvious ones. Don't sign away your soul, come see our show! 3234628460
Pretty sure i got the book from u in upper school lol RT Who remembers reading Flyy Girl for the first time?
Downloading lots of music and will later enjoy some movies... :-D
thanks lovey!! i'm so happy to be posting again - just WAIT for the fun we will have and all the posting from that! yayayay
On a man-made lake, there's a sheet of thin ice Where unskilled skaters, cut figure-8 twice That's 16, uncut, direct from the cult
Going to pick and save to purchase thee finest bottle of moscato under $10 lmao
A lil help never hurt
Privacy, cost, access issues in mobile technology. Handheld devices are now containing more personal info
Just had lunch for the first time and it was great. Definitely going to be going there a lot in the future.
It's tough to unseat the incumbent But we'll see...
Tune in at 8:00AM,2:00PM,7:30PM and midnight for a taste of the incredible lineup for the Americana Music Fest http//:eastnashvilleradio.com
No rehearsal tonight after all. Gonna have time to watch some Hopefully there'll be some good performances.
#formermariners “: Ibanez's HR landed in the Suite Level between 2nd/3rd decks.Only hitter to reach 3rd deck was Russ Branyan.”
Free Beer Friday: Things you'd rather do than watch the World Cup. Soccer-loving producerrs: unhappy.
my undergrad degree, yes. Fandom proclaimed in my profile. :)
that's what the smell is
fixing to play mafia wars
So, how's your day going?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCETON! THIS IS MY BACK UP ACCOUNT MY MAIN IS I Hope You have a Good Day ! <U+2665>
#talktechmm awesome event
and I would run a marathon, have some drinks, & then try to take over the world. I have many flags.
bella i hate this guy please look him up his name is i hate him i yelled at him alot for you follow me on the 21
I love how just brushes off insults with a smile. She loves who she is and that already makes her better than any of her critics.
Wearing a hoodie & shorts because you’re confused about the weather.
rent a U-Haul and pile everyone in the back ;)
I'm not getting dressed hoop shorts and a white tee bc as soon as im done eating I'm hitting the sheets
lol what's the line
At the gym watching these weak ass niggas hoop.... They suck
#CreativeCloud whast that pen he's using ?
my ex wanna work it out i told that nigga try yoga LMAO!!!!
Off to class. I still wish this was last week though.
"Who would Jesus bomb?"
Thanks! Great to hear! RT “: My hair dresser was just telling me how much he loves you guys.”
Shucks! Of course I would miss this opp today! RT : Why do we need libraries? What would you do if the library went away?
Noted! Thank you for the valuable feedback! *Now upgrading community suite: board, blogs and SEO systems* ^NE
RT : I feel privelaged and honored to be working on project for my class... this museum will be something truly...
The best stage.
- i remember someone stating : " the first word a child should learn is NO " ! Sounded quite appropiate (and i'm not a meanie).
How do I have a perfect grade in Mnt right now? Future clinical dietitian dreams are becoming reality!
We are what we believe we are -C. S. Lewis
Clever girl...
#MacBook #Air #AMD Will Apples AMD Trinity based MacBook Air see the light of day?
they are the source of lower back issues
we are sending good karma for smooth sailing.
When you meet that cute person just for 30 minutes and you see them the next day but dont say hi cuz you dont wanna look like a stoker...
asaians are fine at driving, its the parking. Parking is to asians as dunking is to white people. They just can't do it.
It's such a long process.
Take video!
"Sopranos, I want that entrance to sound like a fresh ... breath mint."
I hope everything's alright and you feel better soon. I love you.
Need to get up to speed on computers? Head tomorrow to Gibson Lib at 9:30 or to Paseo Verde Lib at 10 for an intro to PCs.
YUM! I love Ice cream! :)
We all have #thatfriend when there talking your thinking...oh honey good thing your pretty <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Thanks Richard
Have you ever wanted to volunteer with us? You can!! Email us at for all of the info. (Gotta be 18!)
“: If you could drive your car straight up you would arrive in space in just over an hour.” AW MAN I WANNA!!!!
hey thanks for following me on twitter! Good to meet you!
The only limits in life, are the ones you put on yourself.
will you please please follow :)<3
What kind of music does she sing? Jazz? Rock?
where u been??!
So, we have the ice crushed. I hope you have too.
Big thunder crashing down!
What?!? Waiting?!?! Bring that shit on sir.
Men's rooms sinks. Eyeww.
Hey have you heard of ? I think they'll be your new jam!!
What is your favorite distinction between "management" and "leadership"?
Welcome to the team Olivia Mayberry, Fredrick Gonzales, Arami Allen, Chris Boulware, and Joshua Conrad!!!! Glad to have you on our team!
The OPLIN office has no internet, and we know several libs also without. It's an AT&T issue; no ETA known.
Tia's is accepting applications for all positions. Weekdays 10 to for details visit www.tiaswaterfront.com/employment.php
just landed in Lubbock,TX. Spending much quality time with my family
Britain: excuse me Mexico:perdon Italy:permesso France:pardon Canada:sorry America: get the fuck out of my way douchedick!
Lol we're watching it to(:
Imagine a waker entering the dream world with knowledge of the waking world. What would be his attitude towards that illusory world?
happy 4 day weekend as well. See my last tweet. Eerily similar to yours.
Sick shot by Durantula
The entire corner of chuch and market literally smells like cocaine
iloveyoumarkk!(: you are the best cousin-in-law ever <3,.(:
I'm at Lagwagon BITCHES!!
Oh... Phoenix is going reach 100 degrees this week. Daytime hibernation mode is now in effect,
Things should not be said, things should be done, because when you do them, you say them at the same time.
Coffee watch at #saa10: coffee/espresso now also served at hotel bar. Very short line.
The active, self-sufficient person you have known for many years may slowly begin requiring additional help
I think if something goes wrong during the live airing, you have enough professionals to cover it up well!
My wife, is having the neigbors over for an #Oscar party. I don't think I've seen ANY of the movies.
I got a new phone. Samsung galaxy s2. Love the Swype!
We're in booth 1435 at #txla12! Stop on by to see the ebullient Nick Glass or the affable Amanda Kramer! Ask for cheese erasers!
shit waitin on this nigga Percy so we can make this move bout to go smoke that clove lol
"Faith is taking the first step even when you can't see the whole staircase." - Martin Luther King
Lots to do today!!! Catch me if u can <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
thank you! love you :)
Cause you got a smilee that takess me to another plaanettt! <3
School today, Nah I'm good
. at this point midwest state govs will probably seize on any opportunity to get a foot hold in on some anti labor legislation
RT "It's time to go through my slummy facebook and cull out some folks. I like open discussion, but ignorance..." love it
<but it's kind of an uncomfortable position. I get my stitches out on the 30th & hopefully I'll get good news. The nurse at the>
I hate how i get sleepy early and everyone, it seems, can stay up for hours -_- lol
We've got some great gifts for that special Valentine!
I'm off to DC! Congratulations to everyone who is graduating! :)
The assessment of Competent/Not Competent at Skill X would be. But, a portfolio wouldn't.
She said, "Yes!"
A stranger on the street just offered to be my escort and personal bodyguard.
In Limine => On the threshold, at the very outset
Mixtape has started...sounds good and there are lasers!!!
When do you work!!???
u got an instagram?
According to my teacher, I don't ever get excited which hampered my debate haha.
Us too! Next session is tonight at 7:00pm - Pink Light with Beki Borman. Should be a good one. :)
Congrats to my boy Justin Johnson for setting a new career high in receiving yards (108) today in a win versus Tulsa!!!
really need to go shopping again
thank you cold basement for keeping me nice and not hot
Cooking pancit with my mama <U+2764>
Man i hate my life
Update: The crash occurred just off Frankfort Pike near the Franklin/Scott County line.
Today in jazz: 1913 Reedman/bandleader Woody Herman born in Milwaukee, WI.
Lets welcome to Twitter and #AztecNation! Be sure to follow them!
If you can talk on the phone while doing it, it's not exercise.
Always quit while you're ahead! I think I would have had fun at the computer stuff, but got busy.
OMG THANKS<3
yeah. They can be tricky. I'm usually good with them since my mom grows them. I totally killed a couple over winter though.
i really like our apt decor. lets get a tree this weekend!!!
Super 8. Wow. My favorite movie in a long time. Good family movie, but a little scary for younger kids.
think I could pull off some basic , but none of the advanced level stuff.
Hiding behind a bush doesn't keep the girl from seeing you stare, it just makes it more creepy when she does.
If you learn from defeat, you haven't really lost.
RT When writing comedy, use less words. Don't overwrite the joke. Get to it. Bam. Ha! (via )
thanks ='( ahh it hurts. it even hurts to move my head
says teachers also have a right to privacy, but parents right to know outweighs teachers right to privacy
Rain at night makes for good sleeping &
Oh man, it's every single time. I've got like 6 separate email threads on the same conversation
when I was an undergrad Jason Mraz came to UMKC and I saw him!
Thanks for the video, it is priceless! I never knew that I would make such a funny elf.
wah im hungry!
Radioactive Iodine from Fukushima Found in California Kelp Scientific American By Marla Cone and Environmental Health News | March 30, 2012
headed out to San Tan Wheelie Jam! Chip and Alicia, you there?
Katy Perry's on replay, she's on replay Dj got the floor to shake... The floor to shake.
Flying to Kaua'i tomorrow. Then racing around to 6 separate meeting, getting on a plane and flying back to Honolulu.
TRUTH. RT : Cost of Disorganization: Lost Money
Psalm 107:42 The upright see and rejoice, but all the wicked shut their mouths.
- thanks Jeb. I'm trying!
thanks for the follow and the vote! Greatly appreciated. Have a good weekend.
SERIOUSLY I WANNA KNOW WHO WON ONE OF THE PAIRS OF FREE VIP TICKETS FOR LIFE TO WARPED
what would we do without you 4-5 days a week?
Hey everbody do me a favor check out my boy he a cool dude
Having a crisis comm. plan in place is essential!
You Welcome
As A Kid I Liked To Mention “Uncle Rasputin” At Family Functions…I Was Always Whisked Out Side And Told… We’re Americans Now… Knock It Off.”
Merry Christmas my queen
2nd to last class of the worst class ever! At least that is a bright light compared to the pain of the class.
The Germans tend to assume there are two root causes to most problems: 1) stupidity and 2) failure to follow official protocol.
Sadly, DeCarava's work is falling into obscurity because estate is overly protective, won't authorize reproductions
Amazing RocknRoll Hall of Fame show! Can't see Smokey Robinson enough!
I can't even watch it anymore. It's turning into crap.
#CITEConf is wrapped. Kudos to the team for their dynamic on-the-ground social media and video work.
...Oh wait, $20MM left fielder's going to be out 3 months with a sore elbow. Thaat's more like it.
where you @
#GlobalDev student? Great resources for your studies bit.ly/pR7SGW #books #data #development MT
We did 2D as well. Not interested in paying extra for distracting gimmickry. (And we loved it!)
hahaha yeahh not as rough as Thursday's.if I were you I'd try to skip those thursday workouts the stadiums are great.
so true! all I can think of when I see a ring that big is a blood diamond!
No problem. Glad I could help. It was a lifesaver for us too with our first. Second didn't care much for it.
Meijer Announces Seafood Initiative - Earth Blog
glad you and your sis liked it! You'll have to try Wang Gang next time.
Well I'll probably see you there then :)) lol.
Petri/Johnson/Lipinski amendment to restore TE funding fails by two votes. 29-27
serious talent. Killed that song!!! RT : Astro... Kills it everytime.
There is white on your illustration. What did you use for that? It looks like paint. Is it all in pencil? :)
Visit www.facebook.com/Envy.Protege.Designs. to help spread the word about Denver Local Fashion Designer <3 <3 <3 thank You
Finally I'm back home and unpacking.
lol many many times. That's where I had my 21st
oh. what did you guys do?
Green and yellow!
Guys who walk around with cute puppies are just looking to pick up chicks ;)
#newportfolk Sounds like it was a great weekend. Thanks to for the streams.
hi Javiera thx for the follow!
If was in that dwill line would not have happened
Two things I know. Thursday's are my favorite lunch day and there can't be a better taco than that of fo shizzle.
“: I betRT just now finishing up da track dis shit gone be stupid crazy cuzo when dis finally drop”
I like verbally too. Wish the voice quality was better or there was some way to upgrade the voices
NOT STOPPING NOW, I GOTTA TALK TO YOUU!(;
did reply to you? I happen to know that the talk will indeed be podcast, so despair not!
Wow. The audience just clapped after Mark Cuban said he was the luckiest guy in the world....
Ritz or Saltines?
GIRL YOU POPPED LIKE
OMFG I know right!!:))
Also rather excited for s 21st festivities <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8>
Me 2 RT : I often put on my headphones to listen to music and then realize 30 minutes later that I forgot to turn on the music.
I'm Glad Ya Heart Is Cripple , I Can't STAND YOU !
i am number 1369 to follow
RT Tonight at Studio Z Fitness at 7:30. Come Rock with me!
You know what? FTS. I don't deserve to have my day ruined. I have limits, too. Only so much I can tolerate & only so much I'm capable of.
Can't wait to kick it with my
what I love about you is your passion for acting, relation with fans, and of course your LoVE for Lucy!!
On the boat!!
Great ima hear it from my boss -___-
Gorgeous day today! RT : good morning.
my oldest son is turning into a little audiophile; he just got his first bose speakers...not a bad start little man, not bad at all!
It's National Teacher Appreciation Week. Thanks, teachers!
Its 11:11 Make A Wish.. Good night! xx
OH SO NOW IM A WITCH?!?!?! i thought you said i was beautiful. you have issues sam. I'm never gonna help you out again
If It's Important Enough You'll Find A Way!! If Not, You'll Find An Excuse!
We MUST tailgate next gm on May 19 vs Edmonton!
Spring Awakening.
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you run into your roommate from freshman year on campus...
I am the ambassador of TP conf along the way I will to keep you up to date and post cool stuff in the blog which now has a detailed intro
I <U+2665> turtles.
Fuck. The internet on my phone isn't working.
rather, i'm going to the pool with my dad during winter to look at a guitar.
The only official day you can eat all the candy you want. Oct 31
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Sulcabrush Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
And actually 1 in 3 people that are #HIV positive are between the ages of 13-29
Dear Dad- The best part about not knowing you is that I still have a nose #neverplayed"gotyournose"
#nccetl students creating own animation/playing own music/own art in class presentations=real learning/real reflection
wonders how peole have signal on the slopes (Kirkwood) and yes there is still snow- even if they are just wearing t-shirts; it was quite nic
I feel like a fatass now heh
Mad props to Ryuuji for scraping every OPAC in Japan to create an API for their data
Best field trip so far!
If Mitt Romney becomes president I'm moving to Africa.
Good to hear! im glad YOU had a good experience, my spies told me that, i was working on Kim K, check TMZ for my pic
wow, I'm just seeing that. Guess that's what I get for typing sans glasses. He is a jaunter!
Deep in my heart I know you love me as much as I love you
"SNO" Clothing this Second Saturday on J street Check us out. All "SNO" shirts will be going for $25 Dollars Even....
My brother is gay and he loves One Direction! Especially, Louis lol! So, I ship them ;) #JuLou :D
Can't stay awake through a movie anymore, I'm starting to feel like my dad
I'm afraid to ask why the heck you had to do that.
My pre-teen heartthrob, Davy Jones of The Monkees, dies of a heart attack at 66. Bummer.
Check out Wikets. The new iPhone app (launched today) that allows you to share and be rewarded for product recommendations.
hi love <3 how are you?
Any Yankee Blogs want to co-host a bar night with us in NYC on 3/3? Yankee fans, cheap drinks. See our blog for details
ha! and good to see you Kathy -- hope you had a great Mom's day. RT : BuildingMoxie Hey back atcha.
Working with HellBent Tattoo in Colorado Springs to get Rapper Tech N9ne out for some tattoos, Pics, & autographs! See last tweet & like!
I will miss the snow though!!
I would SHITTED my pants.....
Thanks for the favorite! :)
huh? it was out today.
but you are beautiful
: If you don't cast a shadow, then you're not standing in the light.
Feeling really worn out & empty today, being with my friends really helped me alot <3
about to go download nd vibe to
Channeling Katy & just bought a ticket for one to see Footloose.
I have Great memories of my Mother , makes me smile !
woah, we actually had a life before 1D?
: they'd see my side if they follow me and I'm cool with it. *shrugs*
Looking for advice on data usage while traveling abroad. Considering mobile hotspots, but want unlimited data. Any ideas?
im hungry
ugh airports are the worst!! At least you look gorgeous ;)
#neverTrustAGirl that says...."nah, I just got a hair bump!"
Anytime. I'm here for you.
#lovebeyonce!!!! Listening to her album "4"!!! Damn the ORIGINAL DIVA is backk!!! #badbitchftw!! :)
I never had the honor to meet your father but he inspired me with his music through my tough years. I know you will inspire many
we talked about having the anointing in us to overcome all things at church today. I know you and your boys can overcome all!
Julio Jones is the best WR in the NFL.
redbull FLUTTAG September 15th. Let's push something over the pier!
Bouta hit the Gym, Beachwood Lifetime Fitness
Live it up and have a happy Thanksgiving break!
Superbowl Sunday. Who is everyone rooting for and what is everyone eating????
Agree with everything! "not everyone has a Smartphone" + "Smartphone ecosystems don't care about RCSe" = False Start
Kicking off my twit life by enjoying a beautiful glass of scotch next to the fireplace.
I didn't know you very well, but you were still family. #YouWillBeMissed #RIPcousin It's sad, but God knows what he's doing.
I love Weiner!!!!
I. Fucked up! D;
LETS GO CANES. We already lost Jacory Harris for the game; let's not lose Shannon losing to a winless team and ACC foe.
Why do I even bother?
#wheniwasacrab my section leader made us hold our eyelids open when we would fall asleep
Come see! RT present 2:30pm LifeSci #NSRC2012: Using IMUs for Space Vehicle Safety, Comfort, Design, and Performance Optimization
Sitting down to read O Nightingale a poem by John Milton
looks like you found it. I'll get back to you before the end of the week.
Starting the WAVE early, wishing & good luck for tonite's #DWTS ONLY on ! #GOPACKGO,
Good morning egg whites turkey bacon and oatmeal!!!
Wage, salary inflation pressures &#39;subdued&#39; | Otago Daily Times ...
Bed time. I leave you with my song of the night. Fall For You-Secondhand Serenade. "Don't make me change my mind" good night:) sweat dreams
Shut up
Done with classes til August! Hope I don't forget how to think good.
We consider all locations!!!!
#ICantStandPeople who start shit over nothing.
Soundbyte from Antoine Dodson NEVER gets old!
This is not the time to NOT be creative....i need some motivation....
Big hugs back to you ladies!!
~~Stage freight Strategies Part 2~~ 3.Get individual or group public speaking coaching. 4.Listen to music. 5.Read a poem.
RT : Check out the turkey reuben today on nbc between 3pm and 4 today!
I love when boys wear muscle shirts.
And free wifi, while we're at it
The Pirates seriously need to adopt a policy like the Pens where your ass remains in your seat till between innings.
Was that a blown call or did I see it wrong?
Make it idiot proof and someone will make a better idiot.
Eeeeewwwyyy. I just killed one of those thousand leg thingies...
Hey! Love the new picture :D
tea for 2 and 2 for tea!
i love my ice cream sundaes lol
NEVER EVER u go girl! ;)
where did Coach Evans go?
OKC bound w/ hoping for a break in the rain.
I'm having problems today. Look away!!!
I so love your site and sayings
How many times must I unsubscribe from your marketing email list before I stop receiving email?
I know the feeling...thank goodness for skype, right?
Just missed a speeder because I was sending a bitch a text. I added a smiley face into it, that takes me a while but bitches lovesmileyfaces
FYI, loved using StageIt -- really easy, really worked! let me know if you want more info. Hope you're well!
Ahah :) It's going great! I recently moved to a new place! It's really near the beach!
Just chilling on my bed , while the A/C is full time ON ....
Gettin back on the eco-horse.
- Welcome to the tweet world - get better mister
I wasn't happy to be on the field tonight..... It didn't feel right to me, and it didn't feel right to the team......
uh oh what happened?
I hate getting my blood drawn.
April Fools?
speaking of texting, I'm down w/textisms, but isn't lol just always a buzzkill?
Work Out With Katie Boyd 's Miss Fit Video On tonight 's episode of Wicked Fit, you saw Katie Boyd star in her very own fitness video, Mi
Late night meeting with Abel Ferrara in Little Italy. Gotta love NYC baby!
The day is moving westward!
One day, I hope to find the strength to ask my friends to remove me from their weekly game night e-mail threads.
#MilkshakeCityDirectionersGoMOO SHUSH YEAH!! MO
Someone give me a job, please. I asked nicely.
It's January 17th and it's 17 days til Speaking Of! Coinkydink? Or maybe it's a sign that you should buy your ticket Today!
ugh i hate when i have to pay it >.< when tho ? today or tomorrow ?
so sick and tired of being sick and tired
thats probably what happened to my back! always hunched over playing! ps. i saw the rockstar video and you def lived up to it!!
PI KAPPA ALPHA nigggggguh. But I'm seriously so confused abt the underwear
Just finished another session with D&D and on the boards...
Procrastination is a good thing young. Improves efficiency and productivity a hundred fold.
Life is finally going the way I want it to. <3
These announcers act like James Harden deserves some sort of humanitarian award for not bitching about coming off the bench
Words that mean different things to scientists & public--more dangerous than unfamiliar jargon: aerosol, enhance, feedback... & *theory*!
Working on the #Ferrari458 video. Will post when the edit is done. I will try not to disgrace the glory of that which is Ferrari...
I'm listening to your audio book now and I'm really enjoying it.
It certainly is! RT : Wow! That's quite a prediction for advertisers and marketers to consider!
Amazing! Hope you enjoyed the tour. Visit us again soon!
great music btw. I like nerds and nurses
Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them.
I believe that your boat is in mint condition. But take the cover off and prove it. Sketchy ass Craigslist people
yeah the artists were chilling taking a break, can't wait to see the finished project.
is 143 ditching race tech?
are you going??
RT : Taylor PR exec explains what companies should expect when they hire a PR firm to help with social media...
Best app on any device is clearly love it.
Had a great time yesterday at my #BudweiserHP - thanks !
Anybody know anybody who has taken a class with Winnie Holzman? Would love to talk to you/them.
I seriously can't by myself around you. And that's kinda sad.
that feed has been a rich find. Let me run em down: Violent Femmes! BoDeans! Speech from Arrested Development! Braid/P-Ring, etc!
Some days, I'm just depressed
"I wasn't drunk!" "Dude, you destroyed my mother's garden, yelling FUCK FARMVILLE!"
Andy Pettitte will pitch Sunday st Frontier Field.
My classroom
House will do what it can, and hopefully the Senate + Exec will follow and adopt these standards says
Stumbled into a random #traffic jam. Awesome.
already followed you... I'll check my messages. Thanks! (-:
not possible, you are to good to go to waste ;)
thanks for the follow
I't looks very nice :D
Shout out to the people with smart cars that do dumb shit
someone i used to know
RT Don't be g-shock just watch - cold ass line bro cant wait for the new single <- Right On Bro
thanks for coming tonight... great to finally meet you!!
Wisdom is not wisdom when it is derived from books alone. - Horace
Are you a humble servant leader or simply a dictator? #hint servant leaders don't have to ask for followers.
Tell me if it's possible, That I could be the one to end her search for a men and she could be the one that ends my search for romance.
Reboot. Look at the big brain on Math Guy. Stoked!
Watching 16 and Pregnant with my Mom and Dad. -,-
I'm bout to eat dinner than ..I'm Off to the library ttyl tweeps
"Sorry I can't hear you. I'm def" *everyone runs away.* yeah that's the story of my life.
GLAD you are keeping strong brother and keep smiling and laughing as much as you can, only way to do it! ALL MY BEST bro!! :) J
Thanks for following, Colleen!
I will follow if you follow me(:
Idaho: In the second-lowest scoring home game in NAU program history, the Lumberjacks were limited to 18 points in the second half in a...
Running in new heels. Well, I THOUGHT they were comfortable. Ouch.
Recorded the last tune for The Latin Jazz Youth Ensemble of SF new CD last night. Music written by the band!
I can't wait to start a career & make a salary, so I can live in a large enough apartment for my clothing & I <3
Um, WOW! RT : By 2018, 4 million open, unfilled STEM jobs, says 's Hank Jackson
We are excited to see what the message will be the Obama White House. Dr. Cynthia Harris
lulz my bro is in LA for 4 days and he happens to go on the one day of the year there's a shitstorm.
Joint Statement by North American Leaders at April 2 Summit
You can email us at HoustonFlashmob (at) gmail.com with "Twestival Plans" in the Twestival Flashmob details.
#LiteraryEvent 5/10 7p (Murder by the Book): Author Kevin O’Brien #reads “Terrified” (Pinnacle)
Wow: RT : Quality brainstorming is shifting...incessant teamwork is out. Solo brainstorm, then collaborate is best.
for a long time I've been contemplating whether to get one haha
flip cup. I don't wanna brag but I'm really good.
oh it's gon work we gotta do it, just a dope ass apartment with people we know dependable just sex_weed_games AND money lol
Early morning at work tomorrow = can't sleep because I'm worried about oversleeping
#WhenAustin kisses Angel in the Mistletoe video :) <U+2764>
This is no longer 's twitter
Beer...check...UFC on FOX...check...
Favre being sued, McNair murdered and Seau lost to suicide. I never would have thought growing up that my favorite athletes would be here
Done with my A&P final! Thank god
Just had a great customer service experience @ Alderwood Optical. They take care of my eyewear issues & cut me an unbelievable deal to boot!
The 50 most interesting stats from the '11-12 Bruins season - New England Hockey Journal (blog)
I like my hair curled :)
Fruit ninja ;D
Great, looking forward to it!
lol. it is so far.. hella nice outside other then being kinda wet.
Bro Tell Me Why I Was Playing Basketball & Mine Smell Like It To.!
We will be in New York City performing May 4th-5th
I'm a travel addict too. I led treks to the Everest Base Camp and wrote an adventure/romance novel set in Nepal.Beyond the Summit
srry, bout the late reply, // nd hell yea u told me off, I was sorta flirting wit u nd shyt, nd u came at me that u had a BF
People are dancing in the airport ....um ok. I can dig it I guess
'Our suffering& tears haven't been in vain, we have been able to stand up, despite the pain of our people,we haven't lost!'
Listening to Thelonius Monk's son talk about his father at Reston Comm Center. Hilarious and Historical!
i'm not that shouts out "Ouch Johnny! that hurt!" lol
no! Haha just that its a lot of people.
I will never know ===> Seriously cute. What's the review on taste?
automated curation won't ever work imo. I might be able to automate finding posts but never determining the worthiness/value of them
Packers need a center for the future. C Michael Brewster wouldn't be a bad pick here.
what research is leading you to this vaccine push?
YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS DC EVENT FEB 10th, HELP US VOICE TO THE 18+ VOTERS! TIME FOR US TO KICK THE CHAIR FROM THE KIDDIE TBLE
thank you got the RT
Hey there! Thanks for the RT :D
and... as the #saturdaylibrarian in charge today- i forgot my keys.
I love it when code is 10x smaller than the previous release. Choosing the right language for the task is most crucial.
So we have a cd out and we would like you to buy it. It's on iTunes or you can get a real copy from us.
If a women need a friend, come be my friend i am always available for yo fine ass!! lol
Movie date...
he messed you up for life :(
Nice seeing you both today!
thx for reading. :). Looking forward to following your tweets
Not just prejudice. Very real concerns about workload. Time to prep & teach has to come from somewhere +
what's ur email address?
Do the buttons and words on ATM machines ever line up directly?? Or is that just me...<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00AE>
Bout that time i done flipped up... Cant wait to get my water gun for the summer.. Wettin everything up... Yeeee
After practice today, must say the fixings for a new song are coming together nicely.
Congrats. At the same institution or somewhere else?
killing it!
we could really use you on the show right now
RT : RT : My Hair is my Crown & Glory!!
Fuck this, you two decide to poke ass so im out and idgaf if you bitch when i come back home
Had a great time at Friday’s #ClevelandFurnitureBank Gala.
A gnat just got stuck in my lipgloss. Tomorrow we Uber.
Ray Charles to the bullshit
Just 100 dollars short of being able to buy a plane ticket to Ireland. Then all I need is spending money!
not n 5 just the series bet
Derek freeman?
CANNOT WAIT!
Haha, no problem!
lol good one(;
Linked Data presentation for Maryland Librarians is done. Beer me now please!
i LOVE YOU SO MUCH!!!
If ur afraid to open your mouth...how the hell will u ever get what u want¡
I can't fall asleep right now, and it helps when you say goodnight.. so goodnight ^.^
For all her stylish fun, she gets Clerihew's pithy pardon: Emily Gordon RT : Sorry for the #tnyquestion posts, lovely followers!
This is the first day I can see my own breath in awhile. Shouldn't complain..but still...
we haven't done that yet?
RT : I feel like me and makes beautiful music I can't wait to keep building.
you guys are cute and are awsome dancers! Lots Of Love!
We've got in the house at 6:45 to tell us about 10 most-eligible bachelors/bachelorettes on the auction block for charity!
good!! not out yet, but the process is fun!
Strategy, market and brand development call me!
yes I redid it though lol
Come on you, Sixers!!!!
oh yay, that'll be fun.
i love bieber
Follow your honest convictions, and stay strong.
the white club is no longer exclusive
Mother's Day Giveaway! RT & follow for a chance to win a Mother's Day themed flower arrangement from
What other people think of you is none of your business.
Today we will be closed for a event from 10am till 5:30pm. Well, the coffee counter will be open, cause we know you need your fix. ;)
I am really bitchy this morning.
the Lakers were originally from Minneapolis which the Great lakes are nearby so that's why they're the Lakers.
This Marvel's Black Panther show is nice as hell, dude beat the shit outta Captain America
thanks! i'm super excited about the show! xoox
had so much fun with you girls!
i might cop IVs tom. My boy said his FTL might get a restock in
55 over here! YOU CAN DO IT!!!
"A good decision & a bad decision both start with the same thing...a thought."
Got my work inbox down to 20 messages. Added lots of to-do's to my list, but I feel more on top of it all. Now for pesky listservs.
Are you the guy I saw by the restroom?
Is counting the dragging hours before I leave the enclosing walls of my job!!!
Taking the pictures, duh. He's not dumb.
I think we might be safe to. Might as well for 2013 too.
randoms that puked then passed out! LOL
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw people don't regret divorce and they limit despair and other problems.
did you put an airplane there byy his name because you think he is FLY?
Best things about Young Adult: Teenage Fanclub and the "character arc."
Listening to Pirates Post game on the way to softball practice. Hello summer!
can't remember the last time I've scene on of those when it wasn't Sunday.
Working on some layouts, designing, and coding like a mad-dog.
confuse everyone. Yes... I am easily entertained. :]
Nice hat tip to in today's e-mail. RT The Cox farm in illinois planted corn yesterday.Earliest ever!
Tim Berners Lee 4 rules of linked data: 1. Use URIs as names for things. 2. Use HTTP URIs so that people can look up those names
your awesome babe :)
retract those thoughts.
About to get my brunch on at with and family style!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
With Huckabee, Daniels and the rapture out of the way, don't see much standing between Romney and the Repub. nomination
Can't wait for New York which is why I want this weight off of me. Dannyelle fundraiser is march 24 4:30 to 6 concert at 6:15.
I can't wait to get that new today , but I already know its all gonna be froze up at 2:15
Losing the packing tape battle.
1/2 - Everyone likes a little humor and it can make a learning process more interesting and help engage the learners, but...
24 hours no sleep, I can hear my heart beating thru my ears, is that good??
We provide a free transportation solution that grabs your potential customer’s attention and doesn’t let go.
r u coming 2morrow?
Happy birthday!
you got it. I will call you tomorrow. Thanks for getting back in touch with me.
#April issue is so #inspiring! It's feeding my
i was talking about the seats...not you...i mean i expected someone of your grace to have field level box..
My mom says she really wants to meet hoping to make that happen when opens
Ed Rodley talking about Scapes - a great app
Shaun! SHAUN!
We are excited my loves, because we are doing two shows tomorrow Oct. 1st, one is at the Marvin Gaye park Human Kindness Day 5214 foot
Right on. U still need to try my APA.
Attending stream: Data Privacy Day 2012: “Should Librarians Care About Privacy Anymore?” A Webinar Featuring Barbara Jones
IE6 is like a dying dog, always been able to roll over for client projects. But now, for the 1M redesign it lays there, too weak to respond.
"He believed that you had to make the good out of the bad because there wasn't anything else to make it out of."
i Wanna paint my room, C:
It is brutal I asked for a 2nd opinion, they said make it stop! : #DEAD at "wounded cat"....#Icant"
"Ouch there's sugar in my shoe"-
can't deny that i want to, but i lie if have to cause you don't say you love me
ikr like be grateful !
I'm going shopping with my mom :) and listening to 11:11 on repeat! What are you going to do today?
Hmm! So this explains your pink guitar, Ray? ;)
sweet popcorn is called Kettle corn
tucker was fast asleep on couch within 20 minutes of getting home today. sweet sweet peaceful victory :)
He said if you want something to happen you must have a "heart of expectancy"
cool.. where was it taken? Also can we post your twitter name as the Jagoff catcher or go anonymous?
drum editing and stuff nbd : )
great idea!
I'm gonna use that line. It sounds like it would work
unfortunately trickle-down is largely bipartisan due to 3 generations of brainwashing
dang. I am thoroughly impressed. Way to go!
its kool. we luv you still. thank you so much for following back yer so pretty
The reason Kuhn is on the list is a lot more due to people knowing his name than his ability
No doubt! RT “: #b1gtourney Why do people rely on 5hr energy? Just go to bed earlier!”
Cancer rate doubled for transplant patients - San Francisco Chronicle
all these math notes, whaduhhhhhfuh
Home Sweetest Home!!!!!!
I forgot my notebook.
Who will co-host the show with when wins???
aye its lonely up here, all by myself
#idol - Hollie had a few minor trouble spots but it was extremely heartfelt and emotional. Pretty good.
Filming for Rock Out Autism today!
Finally lebron shaved his jesus beard
The #rich invest their money and spend what's left; the #poor spend their money and invest what's left.
Annd that's a wrap! New reel is finished.. #HappyHumpDay!
EL OH EL! honestly he needs to just quit :S
Chalmers' D makes Lin looks like a high school player...
<U+2640>There is something fascinating about a person who continues to fight on long after many around them might believe the battle is all over<U+2640>
Always love what they have to say!
Working on some fresh tracks with my brothers. Don't forget & The Lonesome Sound live! Feb 10th at Mayday in Northside!
SHINE Medical Technologies announces it will locate new manufacturing plant in Janesville, create more than 100 jobs there by 2015.
Glen Este Key Club is having a bake sale next week (Monday-Thursday) in the mornings during Regular & Late Arrival in the East Cafeteria....
thanks for following follow for unprofessional tweets
slides will go up on the conference site for slide updates, that link should be in your booklet but LMK if you ca't find
Next Friday. Not tomorrow.
A little late night dinner for Brandon. Oh there's a hot Mexican taking my order! Yes! I have lived to be happy.
listened to the President doesn't sound too good
How cute! You're sad the season is over.
Upcoming Events for #smbmad April 18 is Rotary International Language Services team - Rotary International: Speaking Social Cross-culturally
it looks good to me :)
Best of luck to tonight on #TheVoice! So honored she sang at & my wedding.
is finally starting to recover from the cold, can't wait to get better soon!!!
#TheresNoReason to hate another human being!
The best gift we can give ourselves is health. Proper diet, serious workout daily and enough sleep should do the trick. Not that hard!:)
and get themselves in trouble lol
When you hang out with my friends a lot. It makes me feel like you are starting to like her.. And soon forget me.
bf3 is actually crazy good. Graphics are insane and you can actually drive things. Tank, jets, etc
Inglorious Basterds... Incredible. Sneaking into Funny People now. Who will come out on top? Dunno. Kinda hard to beat Tarantino though.
can i get paid now lol
whatever im surprise u aint drunk
Web 1.0 wasn't social because databases and servers weren't ready for that much data and processing power
whoa u look so nice
that's good. She's doing great! Thanx for asking
Security Professionals Nationwide
I do that too. Have a 46" TV 6 feet away, but it's perpendicular to my line of sight, so I often watch on my iPad when I'm alone.
John Cusack and Emma Roberts, stop filming around the block so I can park at my own fraking house.
i would like to go as far as possible im a hard workinq girl foreal , i love to sing rap and dance most of all i wont let you dwn
(for those who live in WV) VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE VOTE
Thanks for the follow! I'm an actor too, but sadly, have not been in any movies or TV shows.
sorry but there isnt. In fact that area is terrible
thank you so much doll! Pretty gorgeous yourself! Have a FABULOUS day! :)
Just tweeted updated version of #ux presentation
Thanks for the morning smile. Have a good Sunday!
can you know?
there is no limit to what i can accomplish today.....thanks Master P
#mymotivation being broke
happy birthday dude!
wow, already headed home from st.Louis. rollin papers..
100 Cappers with action on tonights games posted and 2 consensus on the Knicks & Lakers ... See ya at the Window
's not gonna make it past the Cowboys anyway.
Having fun tweeting about #paycon!
I needa late night texting bud! #AnyTakers?
I listened to your thing on the moth today!
Hi bed.
honestly after our convo last night, I think anyone under 30 is off limits to me now. Cougar Power in 2012.
Last day in Cali and then off to Miami trick!!!
The best part of #roundup is seeing people you know from high school and being so drunk you can't actually remember if they go to UT or not.
Nearing capacity crowd of 4500 at Monona Terrace recall walker party
Audition for trailer park with
It's hard to get back into pumpkin-themed story time after a "I don't have a daddy." interruption from a front-row pre-k kid.
#WhatHurtsTheMost is going from best friends to enemies
TEXT MY COMPUTER BACK DUDE.
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives. ~ Tony Robbins
Couldn't get breakfast at dufour's because there were too many people ordering food...
If video killed the radio star, then social media ____________.
i love my people <3 but i love my fam and bf mre than i love you ppl !
DIRTY PERIOD HABITS.....
For #MothersDay my boys want to "take me" to Moms get in free w/paid child... Can't wait!
-Love Me or Hate Me...But im always gone come out on top..
It's never too late to become the person you might have been - George Elliot
Oh no! What's wrong?
that's just wrong. And funny. :)
is live at #Bar_None_Chicago. $40 drink package includes all drinks and food. Come by and party with us!
haha! Why wouldn't you!?! DUDE I need a UMD night
'if you punish a person for dreaming his dream don't expect him to thank or forgive you...'
What is that thing?
TEBOW!!!! Where are the haters now!!!!!!
<----jigging in slow motion
let us know what you think ;)
Happy Weekend to all!!!
I also believe "scouts" said Peyton Manning was selfish and not as good as advertised
.... they look re-tar-ted
Thanks! Happy Valentine's Day to you too.
send me your email for an G+ invite
I'm gonna go to bed now, i've been so tired lately. Goodnight tweeters!(:
This dbq though
Springing forward on the most beautiful day in Miami! Sunny, breezy, it's the life!
People make choices.
In phoenix working on new course plus figuring out twitter
Thanks for the follow Lauren!
hijacked Political conversation surely. If anything gets "restored", I sure hope it's sanity.
What if you do good to destroy good? Now my brain hurts...
quick shower then relax, you'll love it!
Hey Peter- I'm hosting a golf tourney in June. Any upcoming breweries need exposure to heavy marketing drinkers?
what city do you live in then? I'm in San Bruno right now!
Hows it goin in GB. you know what, you should really become a viking
Do you want to come up here to Chicago, switch places with the Sox, and give us a season over .500?
I'll cuddle with you :))
absolutely. They have set the appropriate tone and I hope all supporters are directed by and respect that tone.
I wonder were well I meet her the perfect girl that I dreamed of
Doing some research and stumbled across this kid from the uk fux with the uk heavy, wouldn't mind taking my talents there.
RT : today and tomorrow and on wednesday is our incredible pizza field trip :)
I have a group of 4 that wants to ride Thurs 8pm! I know there are a few groups of 2 and 4 out there looking to use Groupons! Book up ppl!
Meetings & e-mails & emails & emails lol
It's confusing when Mayhem from the Allstate commercials is lying on Lemon's couch with a concussion.
Another memorable Old Spice Classic is in the books. Thank you to everyone who attended, watched on TV, and followed our Tweets!
Did you Know that running or walking a dog in the heat can cause cracked & splitting paws?
hey! You know what you should do?:) meet me!
Just fly
Im literally startin fresh fam, im gonna send that CD if thats what i gotta do. just a hungry ohio MC here
Heading for an early dinner at Can't wait to see the creativity.
Make your own luggage tags at Around the World Luggage Tags at the Francis Branch on March 8th at 4pm. Pre register online or call 282-4641.
from reading the rest of your tweets, it sounds like you've got a great trip planned. Enjoy! And Happy Birthday!
I'd rather be swimming right now <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><U+270C>
Mama is proud
RT : Shit my roommate says " Rihanna has been drinking coconut water so I got coconut water"
Watching paranormal activity 2 with my uncle
RT - <U+22C6><U+22C6><U+22C6> NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS 5PC TWIN BEDDING SET, Twin Comforter, Twin Sheet Set, Pillow Sham, New NFL Boys Best Offer Promo
UPDATE 1-Protesters voice anger outside BofA annual meeting
Given that very few fire agencies actually do have civilian PIOs, I think a legitimate issue has been raised.
Wooooohoooooooo!!! Go Kings!!!
": "Wow, that's a nice looking pair of crocs!" - Said by no one. Ever." this is for you
Time names President Hrabowski one of 100 most influential; story on front page of Baltimore Sun
Hate being sick.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY girlie !!:D hope u get many presents!!! u'll be getting mine soon.....:D
Hooray. Good luck on the next steps!
Playing open mic at Murhpy's in Wrigley tonight...with an upright bassist in our line up for the first time!!! $$$$$$$$$$
Thank god I'm working & can't watch this disgrace “: Kazakhstan takes the U.S. to overtime at the world championship.”
Sean Age 5: "What kinda hair cut are we gonna give u today lil guy?" "I don't know what I want, I guess I'll take a blow job".... True Story
I'm not running, but I'm hoping to volunteer at the mile 7 water stop
ha ha is he now, what's so perfect about him????
No ones got it all
I want to go out to eat who down
FOLLOW ME PRETTY PLEASE!!! I FOLLOWED YOUR SISTER!! (':
Thanks Kathy! I owe you one :)
3 wedding cakes, 1 groom's cake, and over 200 cupcakes...done, done and done. Now time to relax with my great family :)!
Whoops! Running a bit late for #ttw12 - see everyone soon!
Who's enjoying their Thursday?
Praying for ya to have a full, speedy, and strengthening recovery Narvy. Take care bro
My Grandmother called me today and Told me she loves me for who am I and doesn't care that I am gay.
Ur kidding urselves if u think this wont have an affect on the AA vote. Pre-emptive outreach is in order.
Isn't that the place w/ the amazing truffled fries? The 1st (& best) I've ever had were there. Happy year end (&boar hunting)!
#TIFF11 starts today. We'd love to be there and check out Paddy Considine's Tyrannosaur! Good stuff coming to the screens!
I sure didn't need to see this when I am so far away from home. A GPS,if not alert will take you to Mexico/Canada.
Formatted my PC this weekend and had to install the new The new blue client is quite possibly one of the worst updates ever.
Grace & Peace to all on this #Monday!
Chile's winemaker Concha y Toro will invest $60 million into its own business during 2012, chairman Alfonso Larrain told reporters.
The elevator i'm in smells like an outhouse. I bet the last guy farted...
thanks Lydia! Great job tonight missy! :)
The Euro Crisis Has Entered A Dangerous New Phase via
Allergy and asthma medicines can be incredibly expensive. TheOnlineAllergist offers you free money saving coupons on many prescription...
praying for a safe return.
Isn't it Ironic that on May 1, 1945 Adolf Hitler was confirmed dead and on May 1, 2011 Osama Bin Laden has been confirmed dead?
Removing you from my mind was easy but removing you from my heart is nearly impossible
Dance like the photo isn't being tagged, love like you've never been unfriended, & tweet like nobody is following.
I was just staring at the cover, hypnotized. Beautiful. Please don't make me cluck like a chicken.
Hope all of the mothers out there have a great Mother's Day!
Wishing u the best u happy new years and the rest f the year having fun and special things happening !!!!!!!1
Pretty accurate RT : If you looked up "grind-it-out" in the dictionary, there would be an entry about this Heat-Knicks game.
what about bronzing? I want to learn how to bronze everything
We just launched our 18·81 Grille Facebook page! Make sure you "Like" it so you can see our daily specials & give us feedback!
Lindsay Lohan still has teeth?!
what a morning; 1st a neighbors house was TP'ed then as I got on the Freeway a car was flipped on its side. There were cops everywhere.
Hope you are having a successful week friends. Thank you:
sure thing.
I dunno, but it will be glorious!! Probably august sometime
Come see SP & of #HungerGames party tmrw after & honor at
Get your scramble on
TWO STORIES by Jack Sussek...coming soon. "Noir Manhattan at it's best..." "Crisp, curt, to the point stories that slice you like a knife."
One thing I've learned in the past year is that, trust does not exist anymore.
Okay, thanks. Real quick, do you know who cleared you guys off the subway? And what happened to the woman?
First official shift at the library went well, all things considered. Just about time to call it a night.
I hate liars
I accept that challenge. "Savings without danger or injustice" I accept that challenge. [1943]
Sometimes people hop on bandwagons without knowing the driver or the destination. Research is key.
And see, even the middle of this movie has its own act breaks. There's enough here for at least 6 dumber action movies.
Yay I get 2mora off ... U no wat that means... Editing vids!! ... Kinda anticlimactic 8(
I am listening to "Bright Lights" by and I love this song more and more every time I hear it
congrats girl!!
Fuck you, bitch.
I'm down with the illuminati
Great lunch with Jonathan Franzen who is visiting TU: he 's great with students + even fielded Q about women's b-ball and title IX (yep)
I've never cried so hard
Am I the only one that hates when someone says "I have to tell you some thing but imma tell you later"? Smh fucking retards
Yes you should. Mies van der Rohe was wrong: More is more.
hey can u plzz tell me how to give bak wallpaper it will be really thank full for u plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz tell me thnaks
hybrid is one way to describe it ;)...
rebody vote for jaden for the 2011 teen choice awards okay vote for okay
and yet people will vote for either of them instead of Obama...
RT : Folks in AZ -hit one of six Chili's in Mesa/Gilbert any Thurs. in June & mention "Play Ball'' and we'll get 10% of the bill!
I want it need it just gotta have it!!!
I followed you on instagram!
"In San Francisco, you can have a hot job, a hot apartment and a hot lover but not all at the same time." - Tales of the City
I planned one at 11, but there's 30min break anyway
theres never too much coffee RT : thinking i might need to brew another pot of coffee
..can we just kiss?
Good morning everyone!
Today's project: creating exhibition labels by exporting AT data as DC, then .xls, then mail merge in Word.
Bryz is so bad
Chef Geoff Tyson's is located at the epicenter of fine shopping and business in northern Virginia
As DET broadcast team talking about how hard it is to hit HR off Fister, Babe Plouffe hits a "nuclear" shot to go back-2-back with Morneau
Try making weekly goals each Monday, when goals are short and measurable they can be much easier to stick to!
A very slow, not easily transmissible virus.
If you imagined the best and brightest version of yourself... what would they do about a situation you've been stressing over?
que mystery
please meet , EL Queen of Social Media!
Over all I had a great time with my best friend ha we kept being retarded, and then Andrea was scoring on me all morning lol
S/O to happy birthday babydoll! I love you!
oh, I'm so jealous! And that's not the only benefit, I guess. Congratulations with the new job!!
He's not quite there yet, but Marcus Camby is running on the treadmill right now at Blazers practice facility.
A passion for both stories and gaming is another important asset
who else is failing that religion test tomorrow?!
cause everyone has jerrys peen so we all know what looks like!
Not able to reply to DM, you must follow me first :-) But the answer is yes please fill free!
Just had the worst snack of m'life: dry oatmeal.
Comfort Suites Fishers is now on Twitter!! Follow us to keep up to date on special events through out the city and any special promotions!!
Writing an article on what REALLY happens to your resume.
ha lol I know right I had one done yesterday
Glad that #Romney is doing his part to make #Mccain look bipartisan.
For those counting, I left around 7:30. Taking out bathroom, gas and walk from parking spot to home... 4 hrs total
I love when I'm at a bar & the muted TV commercial edits match the random music playing
I MISS YOU TOO. can we PLEASE hang out soon!?<3333
Hint 2: Kobe went to Lower Marion, #Tebow and JaVale went to... (see Hint 1)
I sleep too much! lol but idk is something bothering you??
EVERYBODY STOP WHAT YOU'RE DOING AND GET A FREE FOLLOWER -------->
Thanks for the RT love!
vintage clothing sale going on at Boneshaker today! Stop on by! We're open until 8pm.
now that case is to cute!
- Welcome Carol! Thank you for following! LUV your website! Robin Lynch Aerialist
July 16th almost here the official release party!!!!! Can't wait then Finally the tour starts Thank GOD I'm ready to hit da road.
#PeopleIWantToMeet are , and
they are that's why I'm marrying Nathan cuz he good looking and funny he is everything lmao
Skrillex never ceases to stop my head from nodding when I put his music on. Great stuff!
Even when I'm alone, and I make a shot into the garbage from 10 feet away I look around to see if anyone noticed.
I forget what was Haydens allience team called last year on
goodnight sausage links :D
sick, and performing in #amcel this weekend... VOICE!! COME BACK!
Many thanks, that's the goal! ;)
Romney asserts that alien brain eating bigots will vote for him, fiction that job killing is bad won't effect his prospects.
Thank you 4 the info! Gr8 article w/quotes fr OWN's CEO! (Getting my pitch ready) :) Did u happen 2 go 2 session?
Check out my short NFL picks video on www.thechiefsports.com Let's go: St. Louis Rams, San Diego Chargers and San Francisco 49ers
(insert insightful comment here)
yes. Rad picture.
THANKS!! i even figured out how to change header pics! :) i love yours too-- looks AWESOME. go us!
agreed!! Me as the smallest person still took the money out of my account!!
haha i know (:
Hiya Sandiee & good morning :) hugs
I have SO many different chapsticks....I don't think ill ever finish any of them
Thanks folks!
Hahaha, it's not a date it's just virtual meet. hhahb
What does it mean when your marketing consultant tells you to get counseling??
Dude, you gotta go to
Ready for kickball season..
What’s your favorite thing to do at the beach Milwaukee?
Happy Holidaze: MOTHER PUCKER Day is any day life sux lemons & U have a lemon-cello & a smile to make it better! ~ Lisa Morgan
Not sure if you remember us, we had a little 8 week fling, earlier, and I know we had a couple fights, a couple off weeks, but c'mon back!!
Good luck! See you soon...
in a good way! It's round two for me. The program is fast, hard and intense and def kicks some butt!
Thank ya loves!
Also: how bout them 7-0 #Packers! This is such a great payback to all the diehard Packer Fans that have supported The Pack thru good & bad!
lmao that's gonna be hard ! But I'd love to go too !
“: Cocaine Cowboys is the greatest documentary PERIOD.” #KingofKong a close 2nd though
It's awesome! I've been playing it all week :)
Welcome to it, whitey.
Hate to admit, but always have been a fan of Cody Ross....
just call me Jay Bird "caw, caw"
love you Zach :)
me too!<3 we should convince him to have one:D
Two days left to save big on the Clear Admit Waitlist Guide! Receive 15% off purchase of the Waitlist Guide and School Guide til 5pm on 3/12
is that why u were so determined they were gonna win???:)
Any PERM- Sr. SQL Server Administrators out there looking for a new gig?!
heyy, follow back? (:
G.M.N.I.: Long day. Could use a headrub. But this pillow will suffice.
Locking the door without her noticing
