It's rarely legal protests that change history, good on them.
I'm hoping to take off the last week of May. Pick a day.
HAPPY GREEN DAY
Life Magnet: Negative repels, Positive attracts! Use the Positive to attract the things you want out of Life!
Best album since DUSTBIN.
Listening to early blues and country music. Rehab day 2
I LOVE MONDAYS.
I am a Crack Fox Behold My Power
Almost has been a full year since Einstein! began writing "This Night Will Never End" would anyone be interested in hearing a new E.P?
Most eating places serve outlandish amounts and some still claim to be "healthy." Um...
Good questions that Q needs to answer. O moves seemed to work. Not D!
They're ALL gay! You can tell because they're all smiling. :D
lmfaoo known her houa ass she would pick u up from Canada lol
wow! very sweet compliment - especially coming from you. thank you so much. gonna be out your way next month. hope to catch up :-)
Keep it natural
St. Paul street is full of people riding bikes that are far too small for them. That, and crust punks.
i followed the account
We're with you on that one!
is following me.. Oh my god It is the best day of my life.. Love you guys!
Expect Tulloch to sign now with this cap space freed up RT : Calvin's extension saves Lions $9M in cap space according to sources
Good morning Detroit! Yesterday we matched six lucky mentees with mentors that work for IAC. That's how to
Please go Follow :) Get her a lot of followers :D
Just heard thunder in da burgh... dark at 3:30...
feeling lucky for such friendship Ayouy <U+263A> #TrueFriend !!!
"All good things..." Aquire's annual conference #WISDOM2012 ended today
Hi I love your new profile!
stop on black friday and register too win and girft basket next audio dynamics farmington missouri
Thanks! I'm happy with my Hurley for now. Even took it to Europe and back last year!
#FF Analysts/Friends I've worked with:
Made it to Denver!
RT : Its good to embrace your culture, one thing is I love unifest especially when my mom has a booth <<ONE LOVE!
three dope ass mixtapes droppin this year... "No Gimmikz "Welcome Home" and "Behind the Make Up"
finally ordered some boots. hopefully they arrive before my trip......
Two days till opening....BEAU JEST Glendale Centre Theatre. Please come see me. Email me about tix
Jealous as fuck. Haha. Not fair..
I'm shuffling my cards, about to cut my queens... Yea... But I ain't the deala, house full of bitches like tila tequila
Im better than I thought I was
I also hear this will be a multimedia prsentation.
I thought Colton was amazing!
Silence is a cure for grief – an Arabic proverb.
Btw we don't say Chicagoland. Love ya.
Im not a Facebook status....You Bitches dont have to like me...
The Palate Wrecker was just named a best beer of 2012 by Esquire Magazine!
"Empire State of Mind" by Jay-Z and Alicia Keys has been my guilty pleasure lately. It's so darn catchy!
A week without class means lots of travel! First Las Vegas, then Savannah. Miss you already, Indianapolis!
RT : Somebody listed as an unemployed wizard gave $1,000 to Endorse Liberty, the pro-Ron Paul #SuperPAC, in February.
secondly, if that's the best you can do, I feel sorry for you. Either way glad I'm in your head. Your head. I'm in it.
Thank you all so much for following!! I feel so awful that i am stuck at this damn follow limit!!! :-(( #givemeabreak twitter!!
lol you online
Neglecting animals is a crime, mister.
Doesn't the situation look like he's pauly shores little brother?
Guinness or whiskey should get you through the weekend.
But u did didn't u?
“The world is full of magic things, patiently waiting for our senses to grow sharper.” <U+2015> W.B. Yeats
#Wonderland is My new TV show-you'll luv it especially if you're into watching a piss poor Irish copy of "making the band"
What have you done for your career today?
I got an ungodly amount of sleep last night. I also fell asleep during a movie, while trying to do a Twined Binding book model.
haha why can't there be people like you in this world !
4 #BeastieBoys album titles are trending on It should be because of the R&R HOF concert on TV tomorrow. Sadly #MCA is gone.
- promised no rain on our parade today! See you there.
I refuse to engage in watching Kendra's sex tape. I refuse to support some jerk who's trying to make money off her.
just imagine a grown man throwing a tantrum while shoving fries in his mouth, or picture Mark Madden being Mark Madden
RT : C'mon iSay you #Follow now! Rape there follow button! >:)
Wish I saw you. I was picking up my lunch from David & Dad's.
Great post. Innovation is key, no matter what age.
This shit scripted. How you gain access to someone else room?!
always here brown toes.
well spank my ass and call me sharky, what's up to my Twitters out there. :D
I'm at work I'm a call u n a second
aww well yeah you always stop :(
“: I'm seriously just gonna find myself a hot croatian guy and never come back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>” I swear, life goals.
Damn this girl that sit in front of me smell like raw fish ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Just added a 2-pack Sampler of all flavors of Attractor Nutritional Suet to our website. Give some a try at www.woodpecker-feeder.com.
True High Fidelity fanatic RT : I copied all my favorite quotes into a Word doc.
we still want to have a 1000 followers by the end of the month! HELP US!!!
welcome to Twitter ma..what do ya think?
awake and getting ready to get in my car! #KSLAM is going to trend this morning. And it shall be awesome.
Great meeting you!
RT : Today IS Handel's birthday...Happy Birthday, Georg!
“: let me know what you think, or if you get stuck.”. <- will do, thx
I dig Phillips but he's got to change it up! Good luck all!
Mercer has cancelled for tonight...see everyone at next Friday!
Way to many children's songs on Jack's pandora station make me teary.
I'm hearing ya let's go
#10ThingsThatAreAttractive of course
Sunburned and loving it.
well worded jasmine lol! It sucks!
That's brilliant!
Every since Steve Jobs died, a part of me just feels missing.
followd can I get a followback
What are the numbers on Stop and Search?
Listen and Download to our new track that just dropped!!
My head says who cares but my heart whispers u do stupid.
I was healthy all winter long all of a sudden we get a little sun and I'm so sick!! Ugh
Never thought I would say this about a car but custom rims on a Rolls Royce actually look stupid
well said my man
Cub Swanson is callin you out on ! That would be an excellent fight! Cannot wait to root for
you gotta follow the right people.
Positive words screw to the left, moving upward while negative words screw right, moving downwards:Screw Model of Semantic & Social nets.
My eyes look crazy!
She stabbed me.... With a pen
Late night munchies??
did u go to subway and order a sandwich and told them to just dump all the ingredients right in your shorts?
Playing Duo tonight with the spectacular at tonight at 8pm!
me too!
: thanks! Not Irish...but celebrating still the same. Hope you're well!
To excited to play golf tommorow
Messing with a bunch of girls is #fuckedup. Stick to one and you will atleast get one.
Working on some new designs... Flyers, 2 websites, a mixtape cover and more! - MWWdesigns.com
Known as liquefied petroleum gas propane is a by-product of natural gas & crude oil refining. Used for cars!
Been a grouch all day- this LA heat or I'm fed up.
GC seems prophetic in the podcast.
Don't forget: FREE breakfast week starts Monday! Get the item of the day free with any purchase.
#SexisBetterWhen after ya finish u leave her shakin
There's a Toad Suck near my mom in AR.
Thanks to all the #FF mentions &
Thanks for the follow, Laura!!
great weekend locos until next time!
Cubanitas for a client lunch.
I thought today's NY Times crossword was above average, but maybe it's all in my hea(r)d.
Night night (:
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card teams headed to the top of the lottery is possible the weakest team out east
I'm giving side eye to both her and Cyrus. “: The first lady is someone to watch out for!! #SCANDAL”
Can't stop listening.."The Great Escape Artist"...so, so good!
thank you!
What is up with the #traffic in #Bethesda ?!
Thank you so much for coming out to our #happyhour tonight a - hope you had fun!
that #NLRB memo suggests tip no. 9 is essential to creating your company's policy!
"We would have a fine time living in the night, Left to blind destruction, Waiting for our sight."
I guess CL is signed up for a play.
you're not married? :)
recipe on bag of Nestle toll house chips is best!
Good smile!! We both have what I call the "juicy face"!! :-)
kids are out the door & on their way to school, and I am headed to church
#snow in #ct #ff have a great
Thank you for reading my tweet... I ~<U+2665>~ U
I see.
Reporting my volcard "stolen" so I don't have to pay 35 dollars for it
Check out my new fan page on FB and LIKE IT {Bloodworth Law Office}
ALRIGHT IM BACK! Lets get this show on the road shall we?
Thanks CSN for switching to the Bulls game SIX minutes in. I really appreciate it.
Researching my latest article assignment - dog teeth problems. Also trying to find time to work on some new sites. KW research is a beast.
Hey Sorry! I just saw this. I'll call you.
I'm now being followed by ? Must be another one of those spam accounts.
exploiting a meme to get people to buy pistachios...why not?
we almost have 700 fans!
i hope i dont. its just this guy. hah... :/
Lets go baby.....Welcome to the flock! Congrats and Welcome Home!
Ready to shove some meat in my mouth
Congrats to Anne on finding her bridal gown at Miss Ruby today. What a beautiful bride she will be!!
I want more #Instagram followers! :)))
Just saw Chumlee now at the concert
Saw your story on WA state printing/contracting. Crucial questions not asked: What would the state save? Why print at all?
Summer Hits of the 90s on Pandora, perfect for those kids who grew up in the 90s
It's finally Friday
Cant wait for Valentines Day :)
Feel like shit... Time to sleep it off
1704-British sea dog Adm Rourke & Sir Cloudsley Shovel capture Gibraltar from Spain. Britain still owns it today, which really annoys Spain
I'll consider staying only if I can get charges reversed immediately.
I'm not saying I'm jealous but....I AM JEALOUS! RT : Assisting with a glamor magazine shoot all day yeahyeahyeah
Also, I really wish delivered. I only want real Mexican food, qdoba is for when I'm hammered!
Hey long time No Chat how it going?
Cal Ripken throwing out the first pitch at the #MLB home run derby
Joey! I'm interested in booking you for a show that gets aired on Comcast. I'll email your management.
The desire for a knight in shining armor is the most seductive weakness of all..
's video looks amazing... and it's all shot with 5d mark II! Yeah technology!
That's what we call "teaching with technology."
Who wants to be my 2,000th follower? Stuck at 1,999 as we speak....
Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes. -Zig Ziglar
Hank Phillipi Ryan at MWA U tells class listen to criticism separate out the personal
Dirty whore alert!
you're a roulette baller
I can't believe you guys hadn't met yet!
LOL sounds good to me!
that's actually pretty cute.
“: April 12th is National Grilled Cheese Day”
oh wow! I remember when u were pregnant w/them!! Congrats!!! XOXO
every story has a beginning, a middle and end. I'm stuck on chapter one..<U+2665>
Sources: Arizona State to dismiss head coach Dennis Erickson after 6-6 season
Soccer ... how is it a sport it doesn't make sence
Brad Davis! Nice goal, but whatever.
I just love you my cute little Jessy
Hey Danielle, follow us and I'll DM you the invite right away. Just sent his :)
ok i did tell danni she my gf
I Cant Sleep I Dont trust Shit Money Money
how about a shout out to Darko Taco in Indiana but originally from Spanish Harlem 102nd st Lexington Ave.
Hey where's the best place to buy a Deuce Brand watch in San Diego.
If beauty is found in the youth why are pimples so ugly?
yup yup
Great news for you and - congratulations
I had K+ to giveaway. No idea what they do, but thought it would be nice. We can't go tonight. I am 2 sick.
Damn that's a long drive.
My Yiayias yells at me to eat while I'm eating, doesn't know what the internet or txting is, and cant speak English, but I love her anyways!
Following and followed by 3000 wonderful people. Thanks all for helping me reach another milestone. On to 4000!
I like it RT : its official.... I need to buy a #teamJohnny t-shirt. I of course, am on
Could've done way better at Tryouts but w.e I tried. It is what it is :/
john stratton, YOU are so refreshing
Honestly, I would read a book that's all pontificating and sighing! But the P&S genre probably doesn't get much shelf placement.
It's oatmeal and raisins for J and I. What was your breakfast??
Omg yes u need to!!!
Big thanks to everyone who supported our Kickstarter! See you at the show on June 10th.
I hear some1 is playing RascalFlatts out on the Parkin lot, and I LOVE IT :D
#HappyBirthdayHermione Thanks for always being so brilliant - don't know what Harry, Ron and the rest of us would do without you!
": Ready to book my flight to Miami.. Holla at me." Ya damn right that's the place to be lol
what is that photo of? and are you following me on twitter I am at fancienanc
Feeling really under the weather this close to graduation
Skills are the currency of the new millennium
EVERYONE FOLLOW HELP HER GET TO 100 FOLLOWERS LIKE Y'ALL HELPED ME!! THANKS<3<3
Look for Pro-Logic 8 recording software Quick Start Manual. Any help out there?
they keep hitting each other with pitches and the Nats stole home all in the first inning.
Party for ever
" Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other. " - John F. Kennedy
GGC is now hiring dancers!
That's cute.
I used to love idol but #TheVoice is a lot more fun. Plus there are fewer dramatic pauses.
Wtf. Random hamstring charley horse at my desk.
So much work, so little time. Time flies when you're not having fun.
Thank you to for the follow! We really enjoy your updates on #staffing #HR and
From one Kalish to another...wishing you a speedy recovery!
It's really a matter of the powerful #RINOs not letting them accomplish anything unless they toe the line.
Thankful I Got The Team Around Me That I Do. I Know Im in Good Company Cuz it Takes A Strong Team 2 Be Successful in The Music Business....
My thermos is too good at what it does - I am still burning my tongue, hours after the tea was made.
My first sales mgr was Direct + Funny. The way I stand up for my clients - He stood up for our team!
Good idea. We do pre-show and lobby headshot/bios. What about "credits" running, video screen on stage?
Would really love to start writing some songs with more piano but it's tough not having one - virtual grand is kinda poopy - maybe a plugin
I'm ready to sweat! I <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>TRX
everyone im 's real dog. all others are posers of me!!
way too much blue
Eat me like one of your French fries...
She just head butted that beach boy!
I ain't got shit to prove to you niggas
<U+314B><U+314B> ah that's how i'm feeling at this moment....sigh<U+2661>
Congratulations on your #goldenglobes award for the Help "WELL DESERVING!"
too funny
God is so awesome. I slept right thru that turbulence. One more flight. God got me :) safe travels everyone. God bless u
Glad to be off of work. Exhausted and hungry -.-
RT : The bottom line for an NSF CAREER proposal: is that person going to be the future go-to person in that specific area
Politics is game of spoken not written English. Sound knowledgeable and connect to people. Story and good/bad guys. Rosenberg
I'm not crazy. Everyone has that one person that just makes their skin crawl.! Lol
going to the studio today to record song with b.o.b!! check my space for new song..
Spurs vs Jazz if the jazz keeps the tempo up they can win
We can safely announce that Jared Forest has won our Brackets Challenge and will be the recepiant of a Power Play Show Hat!!!!
whos that i saw her on yahoo but idk who she is!
Go follow for amazing quotes :D
#YouMightBeAStonerIf you can hear colors and see unicorns.
where are they sleeping at. I just don't know where at. hopefully not in my house.
I'm hungry!
Thanks for da love! :)
Hello! Are you joining us at #CLbrT2012?
I'm not used to this, not stuck up but it happens like everyday. I guess it's ugly duckling syndrome lol
Tebow's locker, for those wondering: between Royce Adams' and Josh Baker's - about 25 feet from Sanchez's.
Can't wait to see you all tonight at !!
Joining us during Denver Restaurant Half Month for Alligator Baby Back Ribs, Escargot Pot Pie or Fried Frog Leg Mac n Cheese?!
No doubt the red hair helps!
i would love to be your friend
yea I'm defense gone do something
lol! Glad u knew what I was trying to say :)
well i just got a call my sister is in surgery but that means she has a chance so i am happy
we are playing with authority zero and voodoo glow skulls on Feb 8th at mohawk place in buffalo,ny !!!! amazing
well i failed twice hows that all i care about is food and i got kicked out of a school for a fight that wasnt my fault :/
thanks to you too! That was a lot o dishes.
Pulling myself together, work was tough.
Dang Russ is killing
Potatoes in any form are gods gift to earth.
- indeed - why didn't he give the initial speech? Would have been SO much better
i luv this saying... it makes me feel really smart
I am behind the basket. Five rows off court and it is another basketball court to the actual court
LOL Yes, or that :)
Watching Baby Boy (:
Independent Music by artists in the genres of Hiphop, Reggae(ton), Soul, Pop/Rock and Spoken Word! All at IVCTV.NET
The new TNT format for the NCAA tourney games is a joke! We want 2 see games not studio analysis blabber!
Paul Round named outstanding student at
Can someone please put the mangy dog roaming around campus out of our misery? Anyone? Please?
comments are sometimes better than the actual story
Just ate a taco 12 pack in 5 minutes! Thanl you fellas!
Thanks John! ": I had to follow the best coffee in the city"
Let's discuss affiliate and internet marketing!
RT : S/o 2 my new follower is now following!!
S\O to Euro Training Boi! Haa
Im never on here like that anymore....hm...dont know why though....oh well...
SET THE MUSIC FREE!(:
I'm mostly #ccss literacy across the district--work w ELA, science, social studies and CTE mostly k-12.
Looking for people who care? Try
Watching nightmare on elm street... #randomashell... idk if I can't take these terrible graphics much longer..
blunt blowing
If your organization is in need of a way to accept payments/donations, we would be happy to talk with you!
"#linkeddata used by NY Times to provide context of terms described in Times articles."
You get what you give
I'm not anymore! Thanks! :) haha
Even though the road is paved I still chose to walk by faith, never by sight.
Based on the RTs, someone unfollowed for being "to liberal." I would happily take their place if I were not blocked. :'-(
Samijean Valverde: Truth is: If you hang around the ill for very long,, you will become one!
Didn't end up going... Little guy has allergies we found out!
the places I suggested are Uptown ~2 miles from Convention Center, ~2 miles from Anvil
Big nap guy, lol!
aww, you're too kind. Love you!!
I am amazed at how long a person can talk without stopping (in conversation). This woman has not paused for 26 minutes. Her poor friends.
people aren't good at making decisions.
Day 6 or did you have wine last night & didnt want to tweet about it?
we got one life, oh yeah let me waste it on worshipping a mythical character and hope for a happy ending :)
u went with karen i waz gunna go but then u walked ovr to her so i stayed is dat y mireya is mad at me to -.-
Headed Back to #FutureMed Today to Demo Zipongo and celebrate a great week! See ya there?
lol. Cute little girl you've got. Hoping she gets all her mommas looks...
Morgan Keith and I got tickets on stubhub.
needs to stop with all this Tebow talk...STFU already!!!!
On my friends iPod during class
Whose political policies will best lead the nation in the right direction? Obama or Romney?
Waiting in line to watch AVENGERS
will do :)
sorry for the delay... best strategy for craps is pass line (or don't pass) with free odds. Bet and wait. It's that simple
WIN A PRIZE by tweeting suggestions on how we can improve #GISITR or email them to
Prius commercial, terrible. Wheat Thins commercial, meh. Cadbury Eggs commercial from 1987 - priceless. #FrozenPlanet is my Super Bowl.
#IfSheCant keep a steady income - u ending up broke will be the outcome
Ha! It's so appropriate.
lol! I try to make a point of taking one. Although the choices make it hard!
#educause10 Hamel: the web dematerializes, disintegrates, disintermediates, and democratizes. How to best use these forces for Higher Ed?
Such a great day...baby news and suprise visitors!
May 15 see Chris Williams perform songs from his soon to be released new album at Steamers Jazz in Fullerton
dude i love your videos on youtube
looking for a #PMP Sr #PM for a global retail client near #MKE, #ITIL and #BMC Remedy experience preferred
balls...already had plans made for after work...if you're around tomorrow, I could do a later run after vb.
Mom and Dad, but thank you, haha.
My heart says no but my head says stay.
You concerned about a guy that don't even pay you no mind.
I need a run to clear my mind from this numbing critique! I don't like being a hater.
Made my day! RT no haircut can ruin that super star face
atlas.ti nothing good for Mac as far as I know
Don't they have Bieber?
One's heart is a #garden from which a pure spirit grows when love is cultivated.
Backstory: Rice students are designing puzzle feeders for Oragutans at the Houaton Zoo.
U$D is above 87, not a good sign.
Anyone know where I can get my typing certified in San Francisco? Also, how to resist saying 'certified' in a goofy voice?
we're happy u follow us. We follow you too! It's a love fest!
n I'm thru playing da mention game . Dm me . Why do I need r u need 1000 people in our mix . Troof
Thank you Enterprise!
That's right ;)>
he did okay, no run support. Where was the hook yesterday when Kuroda kept giving up Runs?
when you don't have that many followers you can't afford to not follow back...heads up I'm bout to unfollow some more ppl
Tha name of the Lord is a strong tower; the righteous run to it and are safe. -Proverbs 18:10
Killer whales are beautiful
We are at the library finishing our resume's
#YouNeedToRealize that's your in the freakin 8th grade not 4th seriously grow up stop all the drama
I want to thank & for donating items to fundraiser
There's a silver lining, though: you have "agreed-upon ends." How rare in a modern English dept!
this sounds like a good plan!
“: #Omg who me I'm a #Sissyboy hehehe” well if the shoe fits my nigga.
You know it baby! : lives for primo. Mayj.
taking note of that... How was dinner with your parents in Plano?
The only way 2 measure my game is 2 get on court & play. # Unleash
You ought to know...
#CanIJustTellYouThat we love how much you listen to us :-)
I'm really starting to LOVE Instagram (y)
I declare saturday MILF day! Time to party!
Cleo and Mika are black showoff brainiac cats.
....he didn't look nearly as fast or shifty as u were in college. Runnin behind Bama's OL will make any RB look good.
Muses krewe rolls tonight. Maybe the last night parade with great weather according to forecast. DUKES of dixieland on Natchez Sat, Sun, Mon
Can you spread the word or us? We're compiling a memorial book: What were you doing on 9/11? Proceeds go to charity.
Recognize my life. Ridicule my fight...
That said, the NHL playoffs are exciting even without my team. i'll be pulling for and his Senators on Thursday
I have no idea what that is. :)
GO DODGERS!
Always remember, others may hate you. But those who hate you don't win unless you hate them. And then you destroy yourself. Richard M. Nixon
Yeah congratulations
Always. I hate the phone.
A young David Mamet worked as a waiter at Second City in Chicago. Think he got good tips?
Everyone at work thinks we're dating, we act like we should be dating....
#NW Off their Rockers
hair chalking
Happy hour downtown tonight with my former roomie! Where to go...where to go...!?
nixes Keystone Pipeline. Thanks for the ammo...
Merry Christmas to you too!
Unbelievable #Cardinals & #Rays. A historic 2-fer!
R.I.P Whitney Houston <3
Agree<3: It #hasalwaysbeenmydream to be happy. Nothing more nothing less. I just want to grow old, look back on my life; and smile
8 and 9 hitters, Andino and Bell just drove in 4 runs in top of the 7th. Andino jumped on first pitch, and Bell battled back from down 0-2
My goal for this summer is to go to all the shows I can I'm having withdrawals..
Excited for the show with
Watching the #UW #Baylor game w/the I'm really hoping is giving hell right now. #Huskies!
now following ( :
Not a surprise congrats Adele on record of the year
RT "Don't mess with Texas. How do you "mess" with a state? Turn all the road signs upside down? Hide Arkansas?" jajajajaja!
I'm excited about Saturday night at gallery.
Soon, there will be nobody left but marketing people, on Twitter, all pointlessly marketing to each other..
I am sorry to reply, no. I am so bummed, because I would love to meet you, Jen!
. Didn't even see Camille's, but seemed Starbucks & Quizno's was all that was open. How hard is it to f' up an egg sandwich?
damn, did Forsyth not come through? I thought I saw them on the list earlier
RT : Well has nice taste In submissions!
I'm fine baby;) and u?
just be happy that you're not one of the class acts walking to the blarney stone with their child in a stroller.
agree. I remember when it was new. Come on NBC on Monday nights.
My hair is black again. Hml
Football practice was nice today. Go Raiders.
Pretty much all there is to interview w Clay. I'd recommend no one listen to it. Same message from DD as presser. No reason to click
Go Iggie go go go go, let rip :)
yes, please!
Bad news.My cousin crashed his moms car.he's fine but hes freakin out cuz he hasnt told her yet.shes gona b pissed off big time
Eating sushi!yum
Katy Kelly Melonhead Party for June 20 has been cancelled. Watch this space for new information.
I lit a candle in hopes of not breaking the screen on my phone like last Fiesta.
That is a great story! Thanks for passing it along.
#3WordsOfAdvice Do. Not. Procrastinate.
Vikings score a TD lions down by 12
we were busy, chasing kids, changing diapers, and playing air hocky
A Bacon's History of The United States of America (Vol. 1)
It's called Be The Ladder, which philosophizes my saying...Don't climb the ladder...BE THE LADDER
Eid Mubarak to all my Muslim Brothers and Sisters!
I'm here for the party and ain't leaving till you kick me out.
What'd you think? (The loyalty of a certain transplanted Baltimorean to your restaurants may or may not be at stake...)
So instead of studying for my AP geo exam, I bought a new sweatshirt and went to the water polo game.
Are there any sane creatures roaming the earth tonite...?
#Jesus "I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life." John 8:12
love you<3
Glad I could spare your life, deer, but my flat tire needs replacin and I know you ain't putting up the cash.
Looking for a new theme for the Rose Quarter Blog... Any favorite #Wordpress Themes?
wat up Joe where u at put some in me
decent win tonight playing 5-5 PLO
"The biggest mistake you can make in life is to be continually afraid of making one."
Looked for synonyms for visual communicator and found this gem, an Optical Dispatch Virtuoso lol
hello, is it me you're looking for?
Good Luck! RT : Amelia County basketball in State Group finals! This is big for our county! Just west of
News flash & : If you use the same color towel everyday, there's no confusion on which is which.
Thinking about donating my books to the local library. Is this cynical self-promotion or a good idea or both?
SO FUN getting to see you guys on the big screen and with an audience. We loved it! The audience was crackin!
He'll be in LA doing Red this summer.
Beyondthescoreboard.net Report Card young teams need to get Kevin love some help
Cool. Did they own it at the time he went across or later?
fuck that!...working hard for success...what a lame idea.
If you are in LA please come and join me on Mother's Day at The Talking Stick in Venice Beach as I will be performing a small acoustic set
damn depressing.
"HEY! WHO YOU TALKIN TO??" -Kevin Hart ahahahaahah
smh at the shit we talk about at work. I'm still Trippin lmfao!
Giving Dragon Naturally Speaking software a try. It could definitely make comment writing easier. Any
go follow i follow back just tweet me<U+2665>
Hey it's a wonderful Friday night, do you have any plans? Long walk, glass of wine, new pair of shoes?
thanks for the retweet my man!
Mordheim tonight! Hope to see you there for some good Warhammer Skirmish action!!
wrong yes, but he had lost the team already and had been back-stabbed so what was there to lose?
"There is real magic in enthusiasm. It spells the difference between mediocrity and accomplishment." N. V. Peale
i would have recommended just that: leave recycling on the drop off centers doorstep, then called 311 to come pick it up
so im trying to start a hanging with friends game with you but it said you already have too many games.. hahaha
Testing Text to twitter
this fucking night
I don't know why Savannah make some of the faces she make. O_O
RT : Retweet this if you want a #powershell certification! ,, ,
Thanks for making it over to our office last night. Hope to see you next week for the postponed UX + Beer && Code event!
This is either going to end awesome or really badly
that's all Brand can do now and its about time Rip does something, I've been waiting all year for him to produce
tell me ASAP im having a party thursday comecomecome and if you come friday you gotta be here thursday (:
"Soldier" x Eminem
I wish #TomJahnke was trending all over 's butt
We have a new server ready - vpn-sv3 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in San Francisco . It's available in your customer area now.
Ok cool...Any help I can lend lemme know. Biz is good, need more hours in a day. lol..
We give $100 Gift cards to #realtors who recommend our services!
aw thanks;)
Still can't believe we set off the fire alarm during that crazy set for FoCoMx. Awesome. Shoutout to Common Anomoly for being awesome.
Thank you to all of our guest speakers for visiting the summer program today. We were inspired!
Its whatever
u went to Turner didnt u?
just a dream, lol “ I seriously was like I've never partied with karen the fuck is she talking about aha”
I wonder what size shoes jesus wore.
Live tweeting from the Seattle CDC meeting on recommending meningococcal vaccine for infants
phrase for the day is: turn up! You BAD young woman! :)
hey selly <3 i am real jasmine and you ?
Start of February the right way with 99Cent Ground Beef & Chicken Fajita Tacos from 6-close Monday-Friday this week!
FACT: 20% of the world's population consumes 80% of the world's resources.
The Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2012 eliminated subsidies during grace periods on undergraduate Subsidized loans.
If you have any problems when checking out on our FACEBOOK store, please just email or leave a message on here! XOXO
ha! brain doctor says my brain is normal. so there!
Hello back. Yes, it's on. Yes, there are some humans out here. (And yes, I feel like that around here, sometimes, too.)
Join me at Books on the Bayou at the Kemah Boardwalk where I'll be signing Less Dead and Lost Witness.
meet me !
Thanks for the laugh!! It's been a hectic day on the farm!!
and me too!
7-up I touched her thumb and she knew it was me
My weekend will consist of writing, music & Netflix all so that my next weekend will consist of fun times with
Just finished a GREAT photoshoot!!! Can't wait for the finished products!!!
I'll still see it. How do you feel about Nicole as Gelhorn?
awesome! thanks so much!
no the currentevent and the regular one!
": "Today is your day, your mountain is waiting, so get on your way." - Dr Seuss" Go Jamie!!!
Congrats to the #LBSU seniors who fought so hard. Congrats on great careers. We at the #BigWest appreciate everything you've given.
Watching the game and singing TA chants at home.
Social media is not a megaphone. Step down off your pedestal and INTERACT
teach me xD
tx. Keeping a smile + cheering 4 our team thru some very slow line changes and resulting goals for the ducks. Let's go
Custom Valentine's Day Printed Gifts available at NYC Printing 123. Find the perfect Valentine's Day gift for your special one. Call for...
unedited teats on Tit-ter.
Q7: I don't think so.
You know it's either an off day or a really good day if I'm wearing jeans! today is one of those days :)
We ain't been home since we was snatched from the Congo
oh damn that could be the move
Thoughts go out to the recent passing of Robert Sherman of the Sherman Brothers. His contribution to the music world is incredible.
Have you tried cognitive behavior therapy for ADHD/ADD? Was it beneficial? Please share your experiences!
Hope our fans who celebrated it had a great Easter weekend, and those who didn't enjoyed the beautiful sunshine!
it's been on my dvr but haven't caught up. these two guys are terrible. wtf
Disheartened by maternity policies in U.S. 3 mos isn't enough to bond w/baby & physically/emotionally recover from pregnancy!
can u send me that pic plz
love how close I live to tanger..just left & can still hear singing (:
aww we ain't even got to catch each other, I'll come to where you at! Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
#Oil #prices dropped to new a LOW for the year $1.75 to $94.38 #barrel! In London, #Brent #crude was down $1.61 @ $110.65barrel!
Really don't wanna study for this test
Mark Wahlberg probably wouldve stopped 9/11, but he didnt stop The Happening from being made.
How about calling areal pizza place? Their crap pizza is a worse offense than the phone ad ;)
You Da One
how nice for you. A drunk just screamed at us, "you don't know me! DOGS!!!"
nice shoes...gotta love a good #bromance especially when it involves a Breakfast Buzz
I started at the NYO last month and have been working remotely--I'll keep doing that 'til I get to NYC in May :)
Ended this busy day with a trip to ihop with the bestie.
Entering notes into Kutub->TimeTables around 2000 BC. A lot on Egypt; Rise of the Middle Kingdom from Thebes, a Renaissance of sorts
I'm glad you made it home safely <3
in the fall. Maybe we should watch it together.
haha, austin is always waking up at 1 pm :D
I woke up today by my bro yelling nick is here. I was half asleep so I believed him and woke up. -__- ugh #GoAway ;
Amen: Jour profs need to intersect conversations about ethics with the way students are actually using media.
Great stuff, Frank, can't wait!
Fingerprints like an album! "Every record that you do man, is so different in every way." - Jerry Cantrell
That's so great. I hope I can do that some day. How did you get started?
Me too! RT : As will I. RT : I'll be there. RT : any of you #mw2012 peeps also heading to Minneapolis for #aam2012?
Good news: 6-14 ties for worst start in #Angels history. Why good? They were 6-14 in 2002.
Welcome to Our New UNYG Blog! http:www.unyg.com/blog/ - Upstate New York Genealogy
SUCK IT. AND OF COURSE, THE HEART OF THE ORDER WAS UP LAST INNING
You must mean Antarctica
If torn ACL is the end for him, it has been one hell of a career. Itd be a shame for it to end this way, but he is a
Biggest party of the year
Fat Girls in bellytops look like beer-mugs foaming over..LMFAO
That's continuously taking away a child's bottle and then blaming the child for being malnourished. That's ridiculous.
Thank you!
Join FriendsofTheFoundation, give to philanthropy and meet Jeff Moorad at our next event. for details.
Dave goes "ya feeling lucky?" I said Im gonna take Prilosec AND Pepcid when I get home. Not waiting for bedtime.
im so fricken annoyed now.
I knew I'd hear Prince before too long in this town. Who knew the first time would be in a Jimmy Johns??
Thanks, you too!
I thought it was supposed to rain in Nashville today what happened?
Today I locked up my $120 bike with my $120 lock. MLINY.
Most awesome news! See you in March for #EdCampSS #wickedexcited for you!
I don't believe you. I wot believe you. I still remember the first time I saw Willie Bloomquist. They say he's white too. Lies
Today has been wonderful....We all deserve happiness : )
omg that video was flawless #tweettweetlikeabird ;)
This is turning out to be a pretty interesting day.
haha nope! I'll probably fall asleep in a little bit though, have to wake up early :((((( you go to sleep!!!
If you have to ask where the funding for your project will come from, you're in the wrong person's office.
Four wines, four tunes pairing
probably not.
I'm all about the bag
Chances are good we won't be buying a house this time next year. :)
She probably won't see any of these.
Roundtables as incubators for leadership. Where I be this Friday morn
Thanks for the RT!
Hey Cuzo! Trying this Twitter thing...coming up in the world!
if thers a questions i have to ask.i make it happin capain.
It's sorta embarrassing that and I are wearing the same outfit...
I work w/captioners. On staff at Nice work w/Dine and Sign!
BEFORE YOU COULD CHANGE THE WORLD YOU GOTTA CHANGE THE WORLD AROUND YOU FIRST-YOUNG.S KEEP IT REAL AND POSITIVE
hitting this Muncie bowling alley #winning!
Fox, you gotta remember yr 16 is truly yr 17 for Kobe with all the playoff games he's played.
Thanks for coming all the way up to the back of the room to say hello!
thanks bud I miss you man #nohomo but what you doing today?
Inbox 5. I haven't been this close to 0 for about nine months. Completely unrelated: I took over as dept. chair in January, nine months ago.
I want a baby
Let's go
That is the beauty of Twitter...
Excellent Padawan. Now can you explain why that amazing fucking movie isn't available to buy?
i'll subtweet about you if i want to!!!
Gerbil Garbage 2012. This ain't your momma's grungecore psychedelic jazz infusion bluegrass band!
Perfect time to become a creator Me, I'm part of the 90% on the 90-9-1 rule.
“: I didn't know Soffe shorts were still a thing... #TSM”
Those freaky and faithful relationship that everybody wants.
Great Day. Spring Practice #1 at 7am, Watched and commented on film after practice on Sent notes to players. Ready for practice #2!
Just got the benefits, investments & IRA talk from my parents. Sheesh, nothing like planning for the future!
YOU NIGGAS ARE PLAYING A PRANK. I AINT HEARD THE SONG YET. SOMEBODY SEND ME A FUCKIN LINK IF ITS NOT A PRANK
it's Called St.Pabst Day!!!
I love it when new people play Frisbee. But if you're a guy and you only throw to guys, I'm going to be mean.
Like a moth to a flame...
we should crowd source a recipe book and call it "Tastes Like Childhood."
We'll let him know!
Hey #sagrads - Join us for a reception for you at #NASPA12 on Tues @ 3:15PM.
Im going to start sweating glitter soon... All this prep for 7 minutes on a stage... What's next? Teeth bleaching & eyelash extensions!
Cato's crowd -- Thanks for tonight's warm reception for all of us, from all of us.
Don Cornelius, Etta James, Whitney Houston...agreed?
My house is like zero Kelvin right now.
Well, I started with a marketing-like (or philosophical?) statement about the liberal arts, and have quickly realized that's bad.[+]
Had a cold Anchor Steam in San Fran... they know how to pour 'em.
RT Get outside and enjoy this weather!
Now I remember why I went back to school! To write poetry when I should be writing essays!
show us from that Coca Cola commercial!
Birds have gizzards which use muscles and small stones they eat to grind their food up.
Cudahy -car off cliff. Requesting boat.
Me and probably need professional help...:/
Please please follow me :o)
I asked Harrington if he has a twitter account. His response: ”I barely text, if you want to talk to a man...you call him”
Safe travels my dear!
We ignore the ones who adore us, adore the ones who ignore us, love the ones who hurt us, and hurt the ones that love us.
Man, I'm so sick I got ambulances pullin' me over & shit.
Can't wait
Short answer, yes. iPhone 4S w/ 5.1 or greater will show 4G. But it's not really 4G LTE. AT&T says that their HSPA+ matches 4G.
Join us at frogtownarts.com for our official launch party! 9/24 2900 Denby 90031..Stick around and check out some local arts
Being fat is like a trophy for all of the awesome food you've eaten!
Fasho bro we gone make it happen
on top of the victims where you raided a village?
Aaahhh...that felt so good...my only day off this week & I actually slept till 12:00!! Must have been really tired...feel much better now!
Of course not! I love the scope of the book & the way it moves between personal & global—it helped me finish my book.
If your one and only purpose in life is to continuously Tweet/RT Justin Bieber and/or One Direction, don't expect me to keep following you.
Goodnight Twitter....Lots Of Love <3
is following me omg :D
Yes I can c u staring at me through ur mirrors.
Just walking through Whole Foods makes me feel healthier.
Mark your calendars MKE is coming to town Nov. 30. You do not want to miss this show.
Funny! - #Springsteen asked New Orleans #jazzfest2012 to “please make room for us” on bill!
I'm doing some research around what ad agencies seek in recent college grads. Can you help?
i know, it's so silly. And they did not invent the concept of stories on the radio! Nor subway the sub sandwich.
did i win?
RT "Great sign on a church: "Honk if you love Jesus. Text while driving if you want to meet Him. ..."
My mom frequently confuses email protocol with SMS protocol and 1960s shorthand protocol. I always wind up confused after her emails.
It's 2:01am and I'm on Pinterest. Ohmygosh, this is turning into a problem.
gramatically, I think hyphenation is generally used for adjectives (tho I could be making that up), so either dep'g on use
"blended learning, mobility, and analytics, while taught separately, need to be considered a system." YES!
How in the world do you criminalize a miscarriage??? What foolishness is this?!
has improved any in Marvel? ;)
Big 2nd half for the Bears!!! Let's do this!
WE WERE SO CLOSE
woah!!! Sneak picture attack!!! I'll miss you greatly, Vanessa. I really will.
There's so much weird shit in this city and it can all be found driving from east to west LA down Santa monica blvd at 4 am
deleting all contacts thinking about getting a new number .
WOW! I'll have to check it out!
u know u care and am a factor, that's y u responded back to the comment
I'm so worn out from dance practice. Omg. It was intense, yet fun.
Second to last day of school! woop woop! :p
My grind never stops...not until I'm off this earth
are my tweets invisible to you ? :c
Bitch don't spam me again...as if anyone is really reading this.
are you playing tomorrow night? Might be in the neighborhood
lets all get up and dance to a song that was a hit before your mother was born
Wishing all of you a Happy and joyful Thanksgiving!
RT : #lpco12 Humbled to receive special certificate of appreciation and recognition from and Howard Stevenson
Merry Christmas to the world!! Happy Birthday to my friend, Christy Claxton!!
a great mantra from Barbara Brennan: "I am safe. I am goodness." (In her amazing book, Light Emerging. Highly recommend!!!)
i feel so much better today
#RoyalRumble John Cena Is The Hulk Hogan of our age .....
Im sure 90% of your followers dont give a fuck on how much you love your mom today. Lol
There's no coffee in the kitchen...I guess Mt. Dew it is!
Thats the best any parent can do.
Could Today Finally Be The Day you Notice me? or is it always gonna be a dream. follow me<3 4
Tired..... Tuesday's are long days!!!
R.I.P Whitney !!
it's either that or "viruses"
Yes, you will, girl. Time heals all pain! :-) RT : never gonna get over it
thank you so much!
not such a good weekend :/
Thanks for the gift of your time and the book recommendation today, Sam. I really appreciate your friendship and mentoring!
hi Tea!
RT RT & first 10 win set of tix! Don't be the only clown not going downtown for the #HOTTEST #ChaChaNYE party is gonna be #EPIC!!!
Watermelon sounds very refreshing! And since it is National Watermelon Day it seems especially appropriate! Yumm!
People lik 2 define u, so they can confine u!
I missed the Danica Hornish event. Dang Kentucky Debry
Now tell me again why #SwampPeople is on the #HistoryChannel?
Go places you have not gone. Do things you have not done. Challenge yourself. Expand your mind.
Mil also cares about climate change - negative impacts increase demands
About to party with , josh, whitney, and 5 others lol
Thanks for the follow! Your blog is cool.
#poppinoff...best party on a Thursday night...period!!
ill help ya! You need to get on linkedin too....that's a great professional networking site.
Name the greatest of all inventors. Accident.-Mark Twain
This day goes to eleven.
there is a story behind jake walk.
“: Loved the show on Tuesday!” Thanks!!!
<U+200E>"Happy times(Happy times) Happy nights(Happy nights) Happy days are here again."
Coffee, half and half milk, its cold as hell
We are in favor of tolerance, but it is a very difficult thing to tolerate the intolerant and impossible to tolerate the intoler
#IAlwaysWonderIf I will ever have a girlfriend that I can tell I love her and mean it?
publix cookies sounds too good right now
If you love me tweet me a number.
lol why thank you :) and I'm sorry for fighting with you the first time I talk to you haha ;)
My boyfriend is gonna buy me a microwave cause I'm too poor to buy my own. Yay!!!
Corgi spirit at least!!! What a cool little cow dog!
filming tomorrow! my first *paid* web series!!! Yay!
you'll be missed.
JIMMY JIMMY JIMMY JIMMY JIMMY
Interview.. Got the call saying I got the job before I pulled into my garage. Masters, opening day, rangers line-up
How can Daniel Bard pitch 5 innings against KC and not strikeout even 1 batter. Has he turned into Jaime Moyer?
I think its important to stand up for what you believe in and to speak your mind, especially as a women!
Thanks Hun!!! RT : oh yea that do was pretty fly, I kno u rockin it well
boo ! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E> lol what are you doing ?
Thanks Jason! Sorry, this tweekdeck is not updateding my new mentions fast enough.
oh my goodness I know! How are you hun?
I don't care if you're a gangster, pull your pants up!
memories...if only i could remember them all!
Call 1-800-390-3065 and use promo code 29055 to get additional discounts w/Directv. Thanks and enjoy!
My Last Fab song so dont hate
#FF if you want to someone to pretend they "no habla ingles"
Lets go Pack! Run that ball and that clock down!
! RT: Yes, I still work for NESN and I will be covering the #RedSox announcement tomorrow.
Hope everybody had a safe and enjoyable Independence Day. Did you cook up something tasty? Let us know...share a recipe if you want...
Watching #FindingBigfoot with Scott in our #GoneSquatchin shirts!
lol naw i wanna know now u already said it lol
Fear is just an illusion. Worst case scenario, you try & it doesn't work out. Well, try again with a different approach & things may change
always staring at the screen but just at least having the webcam going all the time
If someone is going to sit & not play, why worry about developing him? Instead, have a backup that is impossible to prep for
gets a shout out from JG. nice work Data Officer
Just finished dinner @ my grandparents, Grandma's food was delicious. She made homemade fish, fries, grandpa's famous mixed greens
®T : Love real ass people.
hey... How u doin
im bringing yalll gatorade thursday .(: cause i gotta by the ingridents.!(:
Choosing a favorite appetizer is like choosing which parent to live with...only tastier
LISTING TO FRIDAY BY BOB DYLAN
where are you?
rt with your blood and bless my family. Send to your contacts and you will receive a miracle tomorrow. Plz send this message to 20 people. I
I'm adding my vanilla to someones spice tho LOL
It's been really rainy here in Medellin lately. We are in Colombia's winter. It rained every day in April & May should be similar.
Me & share the same bday!!! HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! :)
You too. Need to follow #NYR fans
iPhone first, then..... Android?
I feel sorry for women who get a run in their stockings. Because they're wearing stockings.
Listening to me & myHomie song .... Don Trip x Like Me (:
RT if you think that ' voice is flawless.
Ditto , I can't pretend I'm not impressed with
#top10Lies No, there's nothing in your teeth.
uh both!! Good news is I can say that on twitter and no one will know!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I probably would not trade Gore for a 2nd round pick in a keeper league knowing RBs go fast in those leagues
being a weed head is so much better than bein an alcoholic
Getting ready, then off to my Orthodontist appt.
mexican & Puerto rican boys are nice & treat you good but they hella jealous .
Wow. Thanks for both the first article and the longer one it linked to - news to me. O.O
last monday...
the Pacers will beat the Heat
Quinlen has carved a gorgeous new walking stick today -- he's a marvel
thanks for sharing!
Just sang Happy Birthday to with &
If you tell a joke in the forest, but nobody laughs, was it a joke?
Which school?
Uber excited to visit family in Florida at the end of this month. So far, 2012 is beating 2011!
COME ON ASSVILLE!!! FINISH STRONG!!!
First official paddling "race" of the season is January 7th. Stoked.
So yesterday I woke up with the Rolling Stones' Sympathy for the Devil stuck in my head, today Lady Gaga's Paparazzi...
GIVEAWAY CHALLENGE the winner will get FREE tickets to Tonights or Tomorrow Murder at the Mansion event. Reply.. Who Kill _ With _
at a hippy festival listening to breaks:)
come on how come you have live chats when i can't see
just take a deep breath. It will all be easier once you finish the first sentence!!
Thanks!! (an hour or so later. :) )
omg I'm still on the first!
Wrap around wire racks are suitable for use on all shelves, but are not suitable for use at the base of the cabinet.
Find Ya Lil shawty I HATE THAT DAMN WORD
best rapper out there.. how about yours?
can you recommend a Korean BBQ? I've been dying to try!
including tickets to aus*
can you shoot me your management contact. Would love to set some things up with you.
Glad you liked it, thanks for sharing!
#LTBroadcasts "For the 1st time in a long time, the little man [Gandhi] heard enraged complaints instead of hysterical applause" (3/25/31)
Norwegian Atlantic Salmon, oh so good!!! CPK
Fucking toddlers, can't stand them. Little annoying bugers.
hahaa. im in this picture.
Trying my public transport testing again. This time to South Bay. Nope, you don't really need a car here. Just time. Lots of time.
Damn shit crazy RIP whitney houston :(
Good luck to all the #TeenHoot contestants! =)
Done with my hw. I'm surprised... I didn't get much at all
So sorry to hear that news. Thoughts and prayers are with you and your family.
The only damn thing stoping me from liking him is the girl code. And the only reason I'm fallowing it is cause I respect it.
getting my finger pricked at the doctors= pain and a lot of going ow
G'morn! Cool Crowes idea, I shoulda brought it from howe...uh, home
hopes a generous friend would like to reload her Starbucks card. Itching for an Earl Grey Tea Latte! Can't focus!
RT : Fat is a preferred fuel for the body because it is energy-dense and burns clean, does not leave residue.
Too much omnipresent Xmas music. Spoils everything.
honestly though, people will be laughing from the slides so much it won't matter if I'm reading.
Thank Gaga I don't have a hangover..
Public Counsel getting ready for National Adoption Day with 120 new adoptions tomorrow in LA
hes there...his tweets are protected it says
working out my geometry skills for funky angled project....will turn into something unique!
On Da Way Home Who Up Dat I Mess Wit
She acts like it's fine when things fall apart, but one strength of a woman is the ability to hide her feelings.
Takes about 3-4 weeks to get them in from China via California, but they are worth literally every penny.
Phew. ASA paper submission completed. 1 minute to spare. Denver, I'll hopefully see you in August.
I see, u just say wat comes 2 ur mind & I b laughing. But I get some #'s 4 u on some apt if u want it
Quick question! Can you verify which Adriana Lima account is official!? Thanks, lost of love <3
Y'all want the full roman.
alright girl lol
When I grow up I want to be Detective Olivia Benson.
Or, as John Lydon would have it: Stunk.
pink is definitely ur color ;)
Lost in Translation...Bill Murray is a God!!
I will be back in pdx for your soup on next week
I WILL EAT THEM ALL
role induction important: "we're going to be learning all the time at bedside/rounds, ask questions; no lectures"
Listening to #Maxwell...Stop the World
good deep house track =]
and data package
Alex , follow me?(:
We would like a #kosher food truck in our city as well. Let's get one rolling through the U.S. and Canada!
Is coughing really that annoying? If so, then so am I. Time to start a club.
#WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty if its ghetto...We throwin up Sets...if it's Bougje...we doin the cupid shuffle
Very impressed by Bishop Gorman's Joey Gallo yesterday. I now understand why he is the top HS baseball prospect in the nation.
hearing - Male witnesses: 9 .. Female witness: 2 .. Witnesses for birth control: JUST ONE … It's an
creeks are so much fun! Thank goodness you have those to make up for the beach!
baby baby baby oh baby baby baby no
what about elway's rookie year? If you consider this tebow's "rookie" year.
it was bus just being a JT
Why no timeout especially if that's the shot you are going to get you have 2 left
Is it any wonder that C'ville is busy with weddings year round...this weather is amazing!!!!!
. . . and the Bulls poop the bed.
You think Konz will be for the Packers? I'd be ecstatic if that's the case.
hey. its what I like :) RT : Ah well. Lol. RT : ... I probably wont ever cast fems, probably all andro women.
guess what i am NOT doing? watching football
i didn't know it was gonna tweet all the stuff I liked it ain't pworn
Now that my e-session in DC is rescheduled, time to get a workout in!!
realworlders outside halo. not very glam.
Nickelback, Clear Channel and Live Nation Entertainment Offer a Chance of a Lifetime to Play “Blackjack With ...
A friend returned from her honeymoon to find the contents of her kitchen cabinets moved 1 cabinet to the left.
The things I could do if I just didn't get sick. Ever.
hahaha good luck with that
Thanks 4 coming. RT : for a great meal and the chef sampler...nice end to a busy week...
OH NO!!! The heat is starting to cool down. Go Dallas!!!!
Getting excited about the new CD and tour. Up The Wall, here I come!
I'm going to tell all 30 or so of you something that I feel strongly about. "tenderoni" is a ridiculous word.
Egad. Appreciating VG programming even more now that I'm mired in the complexities of what is probably the simplest version of it (Inform7).
Get #FollowMeConnorFranta to trend!
If you won't treat me right, don't be mad when someone else does.
Things hurt me now. My knees hurt, my back hurts. But your head still thinks it's twenty-three. ~ George Clooney
Content adaptation solution...investigated but not pursued at per
Wtf is going on?????
Awesome event last night put on by Thank you for your inspiring words and performance.
#Grammys Chris Martin is hotter than I thought!
Air Force Lieutenant Colonel Guion S. Bluford becomes 1st African American in space today, on space shuttle "Challenger".
Hey! Another Country song...and I don't even have to use the bathroom...
You want know my occupation? I get paid to rock the nation!
I don't want to be judgmental Bcuz I have friends that's been with fifty ppl..lol but their usually hoes.
#favmoviequote 'I'll have what she's having' When Harry met Sally'
trying to figure out this whole twitter thing
#onlyskinnyppl look like cris rock off of new jack city pookie
we should all aspire to be influential about cookies; glad you managed to achieve such greatness
lol yeah and the whole resurrection bit was also complicated
1st sign is how fast James Hardin healed after accidently hit him & SWEPT the
Thank you for following!
It's hoppin' out here at Vegas StrEATS tonight! Great weather and celebrating the 1st anniversary. Join us till 1am & SPRING forward at 2am.
We'd love to see pictures. Hope you enjoy a wonder-fuller life with your new Fatboys!
Can’t wait to take a Seaplane Flight or a Locks Cruise!
lol welcome to my life :-) RT : I like.... Talking weird.
Good morning tweeps! Doing a few minutes on the Spinner then must get serious! Tweet you later!!!
Thanks for the Twitter love, ! What part of town are you in?
we have to discuss the episode tomorrow !
God doesn’t make mistakes. When He created you, He also created a plan for your life. Accept it. Now say this aloud “God has a plan for me!”
As promised iv'e sent an unrehersed sample of next release'Negor Lindo Espana Blues' to Fan on my mailing list!Thankz
Have a team of 6 competitors leaving tomorrow morning for the State Collegiate DECA Competition! Wish us luck!
I have way to much on my mind to go to sleep right now
...is way more important than putting my findings online. IMO, just the latter = abdication of responsibility.
we poppin bottles like a scored the winning touchdown
My bracket is done. But at least I got to see a 15 seed beat a 2 seed.
Looking fwd to discussing counter-aggression therapy with staff behaviorist after returning from #nokill conference. New name, old method.
about what?? :P
“: I can't believe it's time for interleague...”
These commercial reshoots are starting to make me feel crazy.
#UhOh I'm gonna die!
RT : Can't thank you guys enough -- glad you liked it!
it's Terminator day.
I agree - something upbeat for summer! ??
A bit of that twisted duality that seems to surface repeatedly.
Thanks man!
Don't forget to tune in after the game for the Cupid vs. Youk Circle-of-Death match. I'll be officiating. With a bat.
where steelhouse used to be by barroom and saddleridge
Can't DM you - maybe you're not following? We're on for tomorrow!
Luggage is included with Southwest isn't it? Damn, I may need to re-pack!
Done! Happy Birthday Julie! Hope you have a great day (and it's Friday, so an even better night!)
“Remember that the best #relationship is one in which your love for each other exceeds your need for each other.”
Supporting my local, neighborhood bookstore: amazon.com
Inner freedom is not guided by our efforts; it comes from seeing what is true. °— The Buddha
Thanks ! Today is shaping up to be beaut!
get pushed off a cliff, hit sharp rocks, and stop breathing slowly.
Your site is down!
we love seeing first dates at Té. Sometimes they'll be here for hours!!
#3WordsForYou Lets Go Rangers
i'm a boss, what can i say.
Finally catching up on my movies. True Grit last night & tonight may be a Black Swan kinda evening...
I know! I love that movie too. Owen Wilson
Raiders try to get a leg up on the competition
Today marks the 60th Anniversary of Administrative Assistant Professionals Day! Shoutout to
I thought you said purple hair..
That moment when you relize you like someone you can never have....
in 2012, do not forget to come to Uruguay
Is At&t one of them?
Just took a 4 hour nap. But it was with my valentine <3 #happyvalentine'sday
First day opening brew bar at Intelli Broadway! Come see me look terrified and ecstatic at the same time.
Can't wait to graduate from this school , so I don't EVER have to come back to a place were your judged & ppl hatin' on an everyday .
SUPERDRAFT's March Madness Festival is on! March 15 & 16 at Caesars to kick off the tourney. Details coming soon.
Brian thank you for your insights. You make a complicated subject sound simple. Crush the Competition
I'm tweeting you SO HARD RIGHT NOW.
kool, I spotted u right away.. your hard work is paying off
#DTLA, How many Coffee sleeves do you see in a day? Those sleeves can now have ur brand msg on them.
Don't worry, we'll make sure no thugs come your way! :)
it's cool he can swag out lol
It went so incredibly well--and I never say that about my singing. It was a very emotional night. So, so happy about it all.
wow! Too cool...thank you!
Thanks Big Daddy. Good day for the kid!
have i mentioned i love the NBA this year, it's like a rediscovery; #ChrisWebber is not the reason i'm an NBATV fan though, go
: Hubby says Pure Country is the best. He also thinks Grease2 is better than 1. Ocky! He has no taste!! #exceptinwomen ;)
Dad, that last tweet about clown porn was a joke. I don't even know what porn is!
Karin, Brian & I of #BakersWindow in #MarisonWI are dying to have you guys expand out here... There's an opening on State Street!
Join us 2nite for fashion show to benefit Military Families Program at 7pm. bit.ly/9il9PS hosted by
i bet tht guy is like the dude from joe dirt "it rubs the lotion its skin or it gets the hose again" tell me u know this right
“: It's a final from Irving, TX, Men's Basketball triumphant over Centre College (KY), 75-66."
Tanner playing with his little bitty tail >>>>
Thank you all for the support on adding my new promotional company page Purp Muzic Ent.!! Appreciate all the love and support!!
Fab Design Tip: Making a decision is powerful. Go with what you like not what you think that you should like.
The current twitter trends make me feel somewhat sorry for humanity.
As long as I don't get mugged. I don't know how well either of us can blend in, in the hood...
Wearing a skirt to school, watch out dimples here i come(; text me i miss you.... </3
Discovery is a great way to learn, they have fought for it
#AskJcCaylen Wish me a goodnight?.(:
The best part about Europe is _____________.
blah! saints girl >
there's some great Mexican food here in CLE! Enjoy your visit to our wonderful city!
"Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none." William Shakespeare, who died on this day in 1616.
oh dam
I can't stop listening to
It aint cold but it aint flip flop shorts n wife beater weather doe
Moving to my own place Milwaukee. I'd never move back to Madison if I could help it. Not that I don't love my friends like you!
Bah, twitter does not play nicely with our school network. Apologies for the double post.
Happy Poetry Month. And, yes.
#autism services
Loved my weekend with my Jaida Bee! Daddy loves you mamas!
hello there. :}
i believe i have your home number yup. and yeah i'm not touching the bos meeting.
You're welcome, !
Everythings better with music playing.
I can't even watch the #Brewers game anymore, ridiculous... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Billion Dollar Idea: Child-Cancelling Headphones
i love how people say they hate someone but then talk to them ALL the time..:/ (and like their statuses)
Why does a 102-degree heat wave cause deaths in NYC but 108 is business as usual here in Vegas? Don't tell me it's the humidity.
Watching the heat gamee with
book a gdine experience!!!
Mr. Kriesel...just started reading your book...thank you for your service...you are a good man!
Dude at work is talking about getting his eyebrows plucked and waxed. I trim mine to keep them looking good, but waxing and plucking is gay!
Keith urban music ! That's what up
we're joining the dark side
In MINE or YOUR family. Questo e' vero...
Thanks amigos! You're genuinely one of the best bands in Memphis and we hope you continue to grow.
PLease follow! It would mean the world to me!
Karma is a bitch....jus sayin ;)
gotta tell ya, those are some sweet looking amps!
RT : I'm tired of the rain, so anyone who buys Brooklyn Museum Membership here through the wknd gets a free umbrella. Starting now!
hey yall, i have one extra 29th to trade for a 30th+cash/treats to balance the value, lmk if you're interested! 2 days!!!
Important to remember w/Council elections: just because you CAN vote for 34, doesn't mean you HAVE to. :)
Nothing is impossible! Stop drinking that haterade
Looking back on my facebook timeline I realize how much I have grown.
So, & I just got up & walked over to brunch and our comedy game is already on 100 trillion!
Got done early so taking a nap before I have to be on set for dream date.
What was wrong with it
is anybody bothering to ask if the Native American population is any better off under Obama? Their voice does count, doesn't it?
I'm gonna start a religion where everyone is required to spend Sunday in bed watching videos of helicopter crashes
since we just tore down that beef stew world famous chicken parmesean or make them from scratch pizza or just do the polar bear BBQ thing -
Used your program. It crashed - along with all the work. I filed a crash report. Can you tell me more information? Thanks
Spot on
yes! I am planning to do that :)
RT >Has large exercise ball in room >Now has overwhelming urge to paint it to look like a Yukkuri
. I'm one of your constituents, and I'm urging you to pass the American Jobs Act now to strengthen our economy.
Gotta love when you're soaking wet, you're lips cut open, and they still laugh.
I'm singing your yearbook!
Hey, #mw2012! I'm abt 2 graduate NYU with Masters in Visual Arts Administration & looking 4 a job. Anyone have an entry level job opening?!
A Shout-out to the wonderful Women's Studies graduate students at Ewha Womans University in Seoul. Thanks for spending time with me.
Simac, out campaigning, said she has gotten more thumbs up than middle fingers from drivers today.
I don't like 8 flahvas or however you spell their name -.-
it's been a tough week for sure!
Shake up the happiness!
Brandon teaches the fashion students words of the day
Every successful person has a painful story. But God will assure that every painful story has a successful ending!
God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And there was evening and there was morning, the first day.~Genesis 1:5
Every guy should own a pink button down shirt and pink tie. Looks amazing with a charcoal suit.
What about Huskers defense in 2010 and 2009? Huskers lead nation in scoring defense in 2009.
ahh ill end up going, but I procrastinate too much.
We specialize in Carpet Cleaning, Upholstery Cleaning, Drapery Cleaning, and Tile & grout cleaning, Water Damage Extraction and more.
Yeah. But you'll still love the city.
Awww thanks Fred!
Um.. No. I'm going with my friend #amy so
I feel the same way! I always wish that they were still in use... I think I was born in the wrong era :)
Hahaha RT ": Women love a man with confidence. Because without it, what's there to destroy..."
As a singer I keep on hearing about finding your own voice well I am finally finding my voice as a singer.
That's a tough one. Personally, I'd stay away from publishing it as non-fiction w/o explicit permission from friend.
Adventure Friday!
Would the Bandit Blonde be the Blonde Ale that I love soo much!?!?
We got you homie! Hit for links to other #Ravens fans in FL. Find us on Facebook...ATLRavens.
If you want the progress made over the last 4 yrs to continue, invite your friends to join this site and this movement.
the pics in the video were freaking me out tho haha
: I prayed for Bob Anderson as soon as I learned about his passing.
Funny how 2 years olds have a better life then me..
is a dumbfuck that needs to stfu and get back in little tank
desperate conditions in rural china. Unbelievable conditions & stress.
Fun fact about me is I've never read a Maurice Sendak book, nope not even that one, also this is a distressing fact about me
Sis's boyfriend going army soon, take care yeah (: Next time I'll be seeing him, BALD hiakhiakk.
What do you want to be when you grow up?
Justin makes us happy with every litte thing he does. He's always there for us and this means a lot to us. Kidrauhl owns our hearts forever.
that sucks... I ha work this morning
can not wait to usher in April. It will be a great month :D
So... If no one won tonight the lotto brought in $1.5 Billion and will bring in even more next drawing?? Wow.
I'll have to beg my mom!
thanks for the retweet!
um.... where have you been the last 1.5 years!
weird; they came in a shoe box.
Education is sharing, and sharing is caring.
Also, organizing consultation tomorrow. And commercial audition. All three career plates are spinning!
Doing great over here. We are busy keeping families strong! Hope you are all great as well.
Due to some technical problems we will be closed today for our morning shift. We will re-open at 6pm today. Thank you
hey guys, let's get a show going!
today was one of the best saturdays of my life. I love Cory and his family :)
Hey Ashley thanks for following, nice glasses
Thank you! We love too!
Happy to have you Jen! RT : I have been taken into the bosom of Cantata Singers. Awesome music, nice people, great conductor.
Not as warm today as highs will run about 10-12 degrees cooler than yesterday. Sunshine is still in the forecast though!
#What's Your Beatles #1? EVERY SINGLE BEATLES SONG.- (3)
then we all got bikes and followed.
Hope all is well in your world. Hope to get that way soon.
Im moving too! #packing in like a month! Follow back! i get a dancing monkey round at my house every morning:D #SUBWAY! ;) x
Picking the new Cubs closer is akin to appointing a new unicorn president.
Saving the best conference for last...jk...no really lol
COME BY THE LAB @ THE APT
You got it! Thanks for the request & stay tuned!
Not true, Schleicher. I just don't give in so easily, like the rest of you humans.
paper chase.
I smell a fashion show!
Is that anything like being hooked on the Fonz? {runs away snickering}
While most villains will make you dig your own grave, villains of the jazz age make you dig your own crazy scene.
"It was the longest game-winning play from scrimmage in the final minute of the fourth quarter in NFL history, according to the league."
THAT'S NOT FUNNY
Come Join Us for Lunch.
my questions not stupid sometimes i fall asleep with them n though
i'ma go smoke sum shit.
Gig confirmed for SXSW at East Avenue Lounge! Details to come soon....
You're right!
I apologize again to all who received a DM with a link from me. My account was hacked. Change your psw if you used it to view the link.
Sometime sooner or later, hopefully now & not later.
Can't wait! 2day is the day! Big statewide 20th Anniversary Gala at the Portland Art Museum tonight. It's going to be great!
we're still learning how to use it.
God I can't stand this fucking house!
Swamp People > Anything. is Legit and I love him.
3) As for scouts V stats: A blend is the only way to go, really. Information needs to be judged on it's merits, not source.
that was even better than I could have hoped!
He knows about that.
haha yeah I'm somewhat confused
All will be revealed in the fullness of time.
Congrats to the organization for another outstanding season. Thanks @ for the pbp and colour.
ok now that was funny, lmfao!!!!!!
Omg omg I can't. Ah
Mobile tech for meaningful use... yes we use 2 educated patients, put in orders after hours, etc
Did nothing last night. Probably spend the day cleaning today, I have a very exciting life.
going to the first set..long day but I can t wait for tonight!!
One thing after the other: Loved the new acting class and met the theatre venue owner. Excited.
Eating Cats usually help.
Quick change & it's on to the main event; Happy birthday Kassandra!
It's Always Some Stupid #thingsgirlswantboystodo Like...Tell Her Before You Cum...Girl I'm Soft Spoken!!!
IDK BUT YOU'RE WAY PRETTIER
Real takes la liga title! Niooooce
|~+-|| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
ITS 6PM BUT I STILL WANT A BLOODY MARY
U NOT HURTING ME JUSS HATING ME
When you call the person your talking to a different name. Ha my bad.
So it's 20 degress today and it's going to be 60 on Saturday. My wardrobe is confused and demands an explanation from Al Gore. Pronto.
So annoyed with this weather. Stay effin consistant!
So according to im RATCHET!...ahaha #Cool!
Nickk def. You're so pretty Lawd I want your face!!!
way to battle ! looking good in blue. go !
Dear Post Secret: I've cheated on my beautiful Belgian brews with that cheap tramp Miller Chill. Several times
#reasonstwitterisfun .... you can meet the most funny/interesting people randomly
you were awesome last night- look forward to next!
I hope any kids and I have inherit her sleeping ability. I sleep for crap, she sleeps at an Olympic level.
The one day I Have to sleep in, I wake up early.
no funn come snuggle
RT : It's 2 PM. I've done nothing today. awesome sunday in my book
Not really. Vegas = Adult playground, college vacation destination RT : you would think the same thing about LA
Still watching that storm for late week/end. Moisture return, timing, and a lid on the atmopshere to likely cut down on svr chances.
I took a few pics in Vancouver and that was the last time. I regretted doing it because I didn't remember what was happening.
my TL turned super up with all these Heat fans getting at these Laker fans...
The smell of lilacs in the morning remind me of Port St. Lucie.
Congratulations ! You have both won 2 Egg McMuffin Sandwiches! DM us your info!
Well, there ya go.
BIG day on the show. Kyle Orton, Steve Kerr, former Boston Globe writer Larry Tye and former Nuggets coach Bill Hanzlik. Tune in, AM 1510!
Now that I have you, I don't need anything else.
Jeter leads off with double off Arrieta.
Gotta love puns. RT Nice, with the subject line, "Cinco de Mayo: Not the same ole routine"
Giroux leads injury ridden Flyers past Canadiens With three key players unable to play, the Flyers stepped up in the second period to fly
Im doing good ! & I followed you be sure to follow back (:
morning Thomas have a perfect day <3(: just like you <333((((: please follow I'm league the states & heading back to Canada !!
i guess they expect women to be able to afford it cause people should be buying you drinks in it? *shrugs*
OH: "But who is going to drink all this booze?!"
Diversification of ideas to social problems can happen through multiple charities and not put it on the govt.!!
Are you watching this?! #GOPdebate RT : Rick Perry's solution for TSA: Lower wages. (No, for serious.)
Happy 1900th tweet! RT : rihanna nude
fascinating read. Burns' story is inspirational to anyone hustling in the film industry nowadays.
pass the thanks 2 the other prejudicial supers. Know u made me :-) a real hero.
Had a great time at House teams auditions So great to see and play with some familiar faces.
"plays violin"
#AlliWant: one direction.
i wonder if people actually care
Kinda bored.. What needs to get done
Wait, M's won 4-0? I thought they lost 4-0. I clearly watched the wrong game.
S/O Now Following=>
#Imagine Harry gets a flower, tracing the petals over your skin as you both lay on the grass together.
4th term! Congratulations to Mayor Coleman on a historic win.
hey, i just wanted to tell you.... hi! :D
Happy Birthday !!! Let's get a win tonight and then celebrate in Vegas!!!
Shots now 11. To zero in the period. Wtf is going on
Channing tatum has a saggy butt and it's really pale!!
Thanks for the heads up!
Hey guess what? FUCK YOU. goodnight xx
hopefully you can read through my totally shitty grammar.
RT : The new danger zone commercial sets the bar high, nice work
#kids Head for the Cure 5K - North Texas at Granite Park I, Sat, May 12 8:00a: Join us as we celebrate the lives & legacies of those...
lesbian or straight, its pretty simple
u think peeps go after him bc he always show up other players? If it was baseball he'd lead leagues in getting beaned.
John Bell Hood lost a leg and the use of an arm during the Civil War...bummer
Not setting an alarm? Priceless.
Not everyone looks good with plugs.
My new new web site: Thepoweroffilm/pages1
You feeling better?
sigh. it would make me happier if you wake up to it and reply. missing someone is crazy and no god. :'(
& i spent a super long time internet stalking people we know/sort of know tonight... & we're really damn good at it.
my baby girl :)
that feeling when you find exactly what you were missing.
Joe buddens twitching and blinking hella like he hit Da dipper before the show
Thanks for encouraging literacy! Poe is often a gateway author--can't wait to see you in the role (getting rained on?).
Thank you for the feedback, we're thrilled to hear it!
Thx 4 the Mention, Dean. So GREATLY appreciated.
Found this AWESOME free personal finance site today. Supposedly I'm a late adopter but for those who've never heard of it... www.mint.com
Our chief want is someone who will inspire us to be what we know we could be
"This time, it's personable!"
Uh Oh, got the Ma duece (M-2) ready to rock!
on my way there soon for a big hop too!
RT : Did you know that the longest “tandem” bike was over 20 meters long and it seated 35 people?
Go follow my best friend She's badass!
Bringing a baby to class
I guess I'll just demo tonight.
Yeah stay off on Sunday the crazies ride the train.
Some haters make me wanna ..eat marshmellows.
Arrrrrggggghhhhh!!!! WHAT DID MY DOG ROLL IN???? Bath today...
I can just picture Alison barreling down on some poor, hapless ENEMY. DETERMINATION in her eyes.
im a sucker for my team colors on good models
Good morning Fitness World. today is the beginning of the rest of your life, make that lifestyle change to BE HEALTHY.. Loving Monday
Brunch until 3. Come try our house infused jalapeño vodka and grab a spot on our patio!
Thanks btw for the democratic senator. I'm certain your presence in the state made all the diff! miss ya!
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful moms out there! <3
Be sure to follow and tune into my Buddy, the BIGGEST name in Fox Valley radio (also live streaming)
Other than the fact he's a great wrestler...
Checkout Camille G Brown on ReverbNation
well, this was way before I was into genealogy, so it was likely schoolwork. who needs that anyway! LOL :-)
We'd love to have you Kel! Drop us a line at and we'll get you set up.
At the workshop Two Heads Are Better Than One: Successful Librarian Collaborations.
Poster at Mifflin & Fairchild: General strike means nobody & nothing works, In the event of scabbery, apply force.
wake up and live!
RT : Come on out tonight for DJ Night!!
We're very happy to announce that the Grumpy Troll Brewery will be returning to the fest in 2012. Got your tickets yet?
Kinder: “Bleeding Through: Layers of LA" = database narrative that emphasizes the process of selecting and remixing the archive
wish I could argue. Cubs,sox,hawks,bulls....fols
Hey McHenry County! We will be at BOWL HI LANES in HUNTLEY this FRDIAY NIGHT at 10pm! NO COVER!
the #GloryDays of filmmaking are ones like this: NOT on set, but making connections and doing the work
I love you.
So Cold out ;( just want to go to sleep by the fireplace!
Less than a month away from the WCG's!! Who is excited?? How have you all been training?
The ultimate goal of a more effective and efficient life is to provide you with enough time to enjoy some of it.
Just finished a map of foreclosures in Denver that will be reviewed by and in a meeting in Washington
reading our minds interface is coming sooner then we may be ready for, Google works on making search better 24/7
Hello! RT : Um, how have I only just discovered the University of Venus?!
Jones is 12 years younger than Silva will be the greatest ever!
So he made money cutting other people's jobs, whoopee, nothing to brag about, he SHOULD be ashamed but isn't that smart.
Just finished watching the series finale. Had no idea how emotional I would get. Awesome series. I'll miss it for sure! Thanks!
That sounds amazing but i'm not a historian, librarian, or post-doc :(. Still loving those world fair pics though!
Yo dawg, I heard you like Twitter, so I'm Tweeting while I'm sitting in a meeting about Twitter.
I can accept FAILURE but, I can not accept NOT TRYING.
Can't wait till school is over. Just wanna pass my algebra honors eoc and move on with my life. UGH
Fan fest just ended tickets still available at the door. The excitement is
Plugging away at it. I keep going off on tangents. How's it going for you?
Can't wait to see it
Yeah I said it mayne !!!
I vote for in the Shorty Awards Finals for #business because...
she was awesome! Saw her video work (done with ) at Digital Harbor High. Very impressive!
LIVING DA GOOD LIFE
Watching drug dealers work their magic. Oh Albuquerque, so magical.
Come on over to tonight for the #MischaMachez album release soirée!
"You should come 2 ICA's concert on November 15th because it's not every day that you see masked players performing," Carolina Gomez, cello.
Jordan Jefferson still can't get past midfield. Well there's always Lark Voorhies.
Don't talk to me in the morning unless its about sex, bacon, or more sleep!
Live music by the Galway Guild!
well we will have to partake.
Whats Good Richie Rich
Pret A Manger is so Gucci! Awww man that food was deeeeeelish!
I'm a sweet lil innocent girl. *adjusts halo*
100 years ago today, the #Titanic hit an iceberg and sunk... still hard to think about.
People seriously need to shut up about my tan lines.
Q: How much of a stigma is there amoung younger troops seeking mental health care?
Thanks for the follow, !
Good morning loves! :)
Anyone drinking on this fine Tuesday evening? If so, whatcha having?
“You can have anything you want if you are willing to give up the belief that you can’t have it.” –Robert Anthony
Working even when I'm on vacation. Just wrote another song strictly for the ladies called "She Got Me"
yah, I have the same problem in DK.
Seeing sad people make me sad..
Cant sleep thinking about plans for today
If we do all our chores now, can we go back to bed when we are done?
Support independent artists!
I know we have a hard time making it happen Law Library wide here at LC, but likely for wonky federal spending reasons
#CloudTriXs will be at #CloudExpo with #CloudBrokering info and #GRC send your booth number to see if we can partner sell or demo products
First step figure out what I really want..ok I'm already lost :s de pinga
It's back. They must have taken it down for some reason. Yeah, web apps can be frustrating that way.
Yes, I can't wait to meet you and see the Aztecs facilities! Jealous I missed !
no fascinating. I'm near the front.
he`s never left my side thru sickness or health
Ah, but you do!
glad i could be of service! haha
New phone! Finally. Seems to be working better already.
#USA-ANC Centenary Celebrations highlights the anti-apartheid struggle in #South Africa &celebrates other liberation movements in the world.
Thanks! We appreciate your support and always support the strides you are making in your community as well!
Can someone tell the Blackhawk helicopters to stop buzzing by my apartment window. It's 9pm.
Put TA back in
Mella and Reggie thought it would be funny to sneak out when I leave them outside for 1 min. And Reggie just wandered the streets of cinci.
Then he proceeded to sing some self-made mashup of Rihanna's "Birthday Cake" and "Umbrella." I didn't even know he knew those songs.
#WorstTimesToGetABoner Dressed up as santa and kids are sitting on your lap
"Liking Is for Cowards. Go for What Hurts" ~ Jonathan Franzen. Go for real relationships. Get value online, but then live it offline
thanks for the RT!
blaring thru my iPod. Great way to start my day.
#Realized I spend a lot of money on concerts....Fuck it, I love music too much.
but remember, if you're a belieber, Justin is always in your heart(;
I like it. Good advice that will be easy to act on. Thanks Jay!
you shouldn't be conversating on your own. you're too beautiful for that! lol
Ugly people always wanna start shit -.-
Headed Westbound To The Radio Station
Day of remembrance play authored by resident - St. Augustine Record
Oh good! Bought Rings of Saturn in a fit of optimism, in the early days of Austerlitz. Will read it now.
Im drunk n high at the same damn time
Raiders of the Lost keys
RT : WE ARE BEING EVICTED! WE ARE BEING EVICTED!
dope boy
most girls annoy me, to be honest. Maybe I should unsubscribe to them, but I'm usually not on Facebook enough to care. Lol
#Its2012WhyYouStill arranging your top 8 on Myspace?
Dinosaur aesthetics Chris Wildred.
Thanks for sharing!
Rondo fucked around and got a triple-double.
It is chilly in here...
No feelings just hoping for a better game than the last one. #Hoosiers are tough at home
Pearl officer injured in shooting dies
Do you have a puzzle piece but you don't know what the picture looks like? w/o the picture, it's just a funny-shaped piece of cardboard.
YOU'RE WELCOME<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
quietly favoriting this to stare at later.
I just hope that knows regardless of what happens, ill always be here. Always
Wow, never in the last 2 years has my Outlook inbox been under 10 #happymonday !!!
My moves on Draw Something are more embarassing than most drunk texts. #imbetterthanthis!
Never explain someone else's flaws out to them if your's are more apparent.
and im still lol omg u r hell
RT : Power Advice: Believe in yourself and in your ability to not only make a good decision, but to follow it through.
Just a small drink
Ha. "Failing Informatively" with Katniss Everdeen.
#thingsthatbotherme ...you. The end.
I watched the Rockies - Padres game for you. We're sorry, Padres won, sure it was an accident.
im coming home mom! Just entered into the laugh contest! time for annoyingness
Dad had to replace his E-40 greatest hits CD because "someone threw away my other copy!"
ugh thats just not even fair. She really needs to be voted off the show :)
No matter what you order from where, always ask for extra sauce. #AmIRight?
A musical version of the film EVER AFTER (which starred Drew Barrymore and Smash's Angelica Huston) will be coming to Broadway next season.
- kel, did i do that right? (i'd forgotten that my HC page is linked to twitter and linked in so . . .
welcome to the wonderful world of #apple <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008E>
Ignoring twitter :)
now i remember why i was broke all last summer. $108 to fill up my tank every damn week. and its only gonna get worse. yayyyy!
ZICO athletes and Sean Scott are playing right now...Keep up the great work team! Show them the naturally powered way!
Sweet Juice
Last time I played a game like this, my computer could only do ASCII graphics. Now I am using a fancy graphic interface to make a map.
good night world :) xoxoxo
I swear there is more alcohol in my house than food..
What ya getting into today? Playing any ball? Coaching? Lifting?
Monster At the End Of This Book featuring Grover. Still have a copy so my kids will someday have the panic I did.
Gr8 keynote ! Avg of 5 devices for every person on earth and in 10 yrs, over 40% of Fortune 100s won't exist!
Guys, I made Makayla a Twitter. Follow her.
it's crazy that u spend $235k on a watch & I can't scrape together $1000 for a down payment on a car..not hatin, just sayin
Done trying super hard, gonna try plan and simple(:
As a designer, I work with the most complex use case first, and then slim it down.
why did jr not return? And why the run in the locker room? -a denver fan
And this is where I go to bed before 8 oclock. #tuckeredout #sluggosnuggletime I love my dog.
Happy Star Wars Day! May the fourth be with you.
don't cut my puppy, she's just a baby!!
Its another beautiful day here in Las Vegas, have a great day.
Walking down memory lane today; playing Creeper Lagoon, Sebadoh and Blinker The Star. Remember them?
Watching #simpsons and Lisa's social network #Springface. Heehee!
Do i really love him or am i addicted to the pain of wanting something i can't have?
1/2 Faith, I know we never knew each other, but I feel like i have. Your are and always will be an amazing girl! When i see
you have her now ?
Man wish i was back n lewis center so i could go to the dam
Summer Book Reading List (cont) 2. Toni Morrison's Home 3) Body and Soul
lame ass hell boy lol
Being broke is a bad habit.
Say Bro, i Juz listened to your songs, They go to hard and you speak some real ish, Imma fan already, keep doin wat u do bro.
Words can't contain my excitement!!'
“: Never mind, the judges need to go home. #idol #deandresucks” sounds like you dont know singing.. Seriously killed it
ever lay in bed and wonder what Amy Winehouse has been up to?
Commencing the program at School Library Journal Leadership Summit here in Arlington VA
yeah it's my second feature this week.
Cheeseburgers, mac salad and home fries - though I think the mayor skipped the mac salad.
I've been ready for some packers football!
It's gonna be a crazy week before Thanksgiving with all the cooking that's has to get done. I'm loving every minute of it.
having Guiness with your pal, Shamus
It's spring in Houston but hold on tight because it always rains and turns cold for the Rodeo trail riders....
Which shows do you enjoy watching on HBN? Drop us a comment! We would love to hear from you!
I wanna write a book where do I start?
Thanks for all the birthday wishes!
Ohh. So why are you going to Heritage? To be with Zach orr..?
wow. Beer at espnwws is cheaper than in Lakeland.
I keep 4get'n I have a FaceBook acct
It would really frame your face and bring out your eyes.
Another Saturday = another full day working in a coffee shop
Clear the ache of loneliness by feeling your connection to everyone.
dance voice and piano
#Houston bound to present a former teacher/mentor, now colleague and great friend with an award for alumni weekend.
"Always make new mistakes." - Esther Dyson
Rem Koolhaas: A Kind of Architect tonight! Do you think Rick Perry will pray for a breeze for us?
Great crowd at Business Wire's Meet the San Diego Media breakfast!
. assertion 2: digitization can help reveal, but more often obscures, important bibliographic & textual facts.
What an incredible day - I have to remember, even at 35, I still need to be mentored. Meaningful mentorship & education are keys to success.
Sure is beautiful weather in Austin, perfect day to visit the museum! Our current exhibition will only be up for a few more weeks!
That crawfish pasta I ate was the truth
The club I played at was all abuzz about their hometown girl!
*waving* just wanted to say Hello and Thanks!
oh thats good thank god no one got hurt too!
omg!!(: i was! I danced to the hoe down throw down!(: hehe RT?
how about: new audience = new paper = no guilt?
& me I'm chillin like always not givin a damn right now
My natural ability does not compare to His SUPERNATURAL ability. I can do ALL things thru Christ who strengthens me. Phil 4:13
Håkan Eriksson, CTO of Ericsson: By 2015, there will be 30x more data than voice transferred via mobile networks.
It's 5 o' clock somewhere! RT : It's okay to be drunk at 3pm right?
beer batter, dipped onion rings?
"It was a transformer in someones basement that was blocking the si-" "BUMBLEBEE?!?!" this is the car ride to school.
Mw3 And Music :D (y)
what's wrong?
Movers available at 4pm in Nassau County, 6pm Suffolk. 2 Trucks currently working in the city. Moving locally? - Save $50!!!
according to one source will be traded for a loaf of bread.
"Whoa, oh, oh oh oh oh"
tracy smashs painting over kenneth's head & jenna same with vase "we hav united in our dreams to kill keneth, now we fly!"
Ant and I have our last date before he starts work today. So, we're going to go rock-climbing in the CBD. I can't wait to try it out.
we can work something out!my fiance and I own our own studio/salon.We were featured in Ebony with Nicole Murphy &her daughters:)
carol of the bells by august burns red! god that is an all year around good song
Great picture :) Happy birthday to him! Hope you all have a fun day.
Shana Tova! What was the highlight of your holiday?
excuse me ms. "eat ice cream at 10:30 pm." :o
What an exciting game between #FSU and #STBU! Should be a great finish here, FSU in the lead by 3...
oh no! how come??? miss yooooouuuuu!
On my way to Louisville
Excellent! Down 40 lbs and I have more energy and stamina than ever before.
:O I forgot again while I was out :/
for sure!!!
I cannot express how much I support
Money Ova Bitchezzzz...I'm All About My Riches!!!!
Watching people snort adderall in the Library
SEVENTY7 PRODUCTIONS JUST WRAPPED A NATIONAL COMMERCIAL FOR QUICKEN LOANS WINNING THE J.D. POWER AND ASSOCIATES AWARD!
i sure do!
“: i never believed keke when she told us you could sing until i seen your youtube video kool-aid lol” :)
They all know her nigga lmao
haha if you're serious we'd totally be down but it'd be better to drive anyway with all our amps and stuff
“Save me, O God, for the waters have come up to my neck” -Psalm 69:1
My first, and only, bar fight was at a concert at "The Basement" in Kent, Ohio in 1995. RIP MCA Adam Yauch.
Early start to set up Service Desk Guru seminar in the City. 1 space left if you wld like to join us. 9-11am
wanna go see a movie with me????
What's going on in SEA-TOWN
RT : [The LORD says] "Forget the former things; do not dwell on the past. See, I am doing a new thing!" -Is 43:18-19
can a sister get a follow back?
Are you working today? Or just ripping blog posts? hah
Lmao RT : Kobe Bryant I love your game and all, but please tell us how 's ass taste.
I gotta whole lotta wonderin, goin thru my mind, y u wont be with me girl, can u plz tell me y? Its just crazy, its not my point of view...
baby i was born this way
Good to be back in b-lo
i need to be studying... instead i'm tweeting Zayn....
Only a few more days to enter the contests for Isotope tickets and the grill recipe contest. Get to clicking!
"...the arc of the moral universe is long but it bends toward justice"-Got an inspiring reminder tonight of how important & true this is...
Have a problem with any team that wins and slips. But Sooner fans don't fret - the AP poll isn't in the BCS formula!
Can't sleep
late night porno classic! rock on blake! oh wait shit your married come on man!
Any females/males available on Thursday and interested in shooting at a Church then please contact Liana at:
Urban and industrialization shift also helps control malaria in US
My 2yo is actually fighting with me over who gets to use the ipad. What have I created?!?
Oh Monday's how I hate you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Damn.. miss that guy lol
kinda shows how backwards things can get with prospects and expectations, not giving up on a big yr from Hoz just saying its interesting
Is that all of Dallas or just the Dallas Rangers (or is it Arlington Rangers, I can't remember)? RT I will fight you, Dallas
love your website and love Faith based films :)
Spring gardening classes March 4th and 18th! Knowledge, snacks and fun at 2pm. Pleasantfarms to register....
Yay!!!! I'm just finished my last exam with Penn Foster!!! :))))
#g2s blah, blah, blah ... Politicians pretending to be tech savvy inevitably veer to idiocy.
Happy Friday the 13th. Spooky! And it's 's birthday!
break legs!
*smirking wickedly* I'm more in-the-moment this morning, Ms. Walker. *Bending a leg, digging my heel into the mattress*
thanks to both of you for your idiotic, false, and unnecessarily deprecating tweets about Terrell Owens
Made this twitter just for !<3 So hit that follow button and lets support Brody!
Leave me alone I'm tired!!!
Community = Tribal heritage
Selling These Bull 10's After School
Edris.. Kevin ..tyrees made my night!!!
I am so sad that Davy Jones passed away today. He was my favorite Monkee.
If she thinks "Pete and Pete" are just two dudes with the same name
What shirt was #Russell #Westbrook wearing last night? Has to be ugliest shirt ever lol
Agreed. We find it numerous that they named it 'citizen's square' when they clearly didn't listen to the 'citizens'.
followed sweetie:)
Oops! Lilli (age 23 months) was trying to tell bubbles, but she yelled "BOOBIES"!
hahaha glad I made you laugh ;P
so excited to have lady macbeth's this cinco de mayo!!! such a wonderful drink! thanks larry for my special drink!!!
Jump first you will figure out how to land. Characteristics of successful business venturers and billion makers.
Time to run some errands.
I had the most amazing time at the NJISC!!! Thanks for all the love and support!!!
Simon knows when he is in time out. He is sitting in a corner with his head down.
#WW a writer worth following!
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 271
Thanks for the heads up!
I'll be dancing and rolling around in gold paint tonight in GOLDSLAVE, a graffiti theatre event. 5209 wilshire. BAR opens 9pm. SHOW 10pm.
Mtg with award-winning school principal this a.m., our "walk & talk" was filmed. Thankfully, no one will recognize curly hair/no make-up ;)
I love Yu baby
HAVE SO MUCH FUN!
Juliet Simms is the bomb!!!!!!
Every comedian want to be a musician; every musician thinks they're funny
"Money can't buy happiness , but it can buy you the kind of misery you prefer".
I want to read the Hunger Pains ! It seems so funny. Lol
Yes, but what do I do when people start worrying about what I'm doing??
Anytime...that's what we #Spelmanites are here for. Class of '03
So, is Restless Leg Syndrome that thing where you really wanna kick people who sleep without issue? I'm in.
the one thing no guy wants to know.
oh ok dts nice
U guys are doing a wonderful job covering the rescues!!
I can't think of any other reason to keep talking about it ad nauseum when they have made very clear they give not a shit.
updating our article database lists.. wish i didn't open up this can of worms
you're the Michael Jordan of jazz radio.
everyone follow my bestfriend :D
#youcanttrust a big butt and a smile
Then we got OKC more than likely. We could go to the Finals 4real
Building or remodeling give a nationally recognized and award-winning remodeling firm based in Delavan, Wisconsin a call.
Finding a job isn't impossible for an ex-con. It's only harder. Life behind bars isn't fun either, so work your ass off at finding a job!
Look what dis girl done did to me she done cut off from A good good Love. #NP Can't Be Friends.
Hahaha you gotta love it...
I got Amy Winehouse last week : *
RT : . welcome to Utah for the Direct Selling Management Association. Thanks for coming and speaking to us...
lol another pathetic little girl thinking shes cool by insulting brilliant artists.... wow just wow....
Kelli= the greatest female I have in my life I love her more than pooping and oxygen she is the peanut butter to my fluff.
"Reason is the method of science; faith is the method of religion; logic is the attempted technique of philosophy."
on soundcloud, yes. Working on everywhere else as we speak.
it would be weird if you didn't. I'm so sorry.
Starting to get caught up and see the light @ the end of the tunnel :)
Largest, heaviest, most expensive EBay auction. Ever.
yeah, I made sure not to miss that!
Do you guys drink hot green tea? I am gonna try it today.
I love u broo
Omg there's a black wasp in my house):
1 guy missing football....
Thanks for following!
it is May 17th, 2012 and it is 11:06 P.M. well for me it is!!!!
Ten thousand hours is the magic number of greatness. Lots of practice. So, I am an expert for short selling stocks and markets.
Free promotion site url on my profile. . Please follow me! i'll follow back within 2 days :)
Where Seattle lost this is in the final game of reg. season at Chivas USA: Rosales should have never played.He could've unlocked RSL tonite.
Your gonna want this back.....
Thanks to all who came out the the reNEWBOLD launch and thanks to our partners for hosting!
Would enjoy Christmas lights year round.But then they would lose that "specialness"- let them remind us all, JESUS is the LIGHT OF THE WORLD
Thanks!! How's it feel to be a star??? xoxo
Multimedia content production is a generative process, a lot of checking in with all involved is important -Bluecadet Interactive
Sounds fun!
how exciting! Is your talk an open one... I know people who would be interested in attending!
it does suck but it has it moments and I'm newly single cause I caught my gf cheating on me
damn oomf's avi look like trey songs with a beat up face .
- The only "crazy" part is that the final playoff spot will be held by a team 5 games under .500. Pretty pathetic.
#Boehner looks like he's shooting eye daggers at the back of 's head
that's not nice.
If Your Mad At Me Or You Got Something Against Me Let Me Know, We Can Work It Out
Gets it--> RT : "AVI" could be a pseudo-scary M. Night Shyamalan movie that no one really understands.
Q2 I know everyone starts with teens, but we started with adults and it's been great.
Remember, if your job is customer satisfaction , your real job title is Problem-Solver - Brian Tracy
The moment of truth, guys! GO BUY SHATTER ME BY !!!
sounds like a plan to me. Positive/witty tweets are always welcome.
Good day everyone!!!!...
you're such an amazing inspiration! Tweet us if ya need motivation! XO
aka The Takeout Kings aka The Styrofoam Box Lords these idiots mad cuz we styling on em tee hee
hangin w/ my Auntie Corky for today :) juss left Jamie's school after havin lunch w/ her for her birthday
RT A year after Eminem made that Chrysler 200 ad, sales of the car are up 800%. Don Draper is smiling.
Sure! Love it when you guys are available! Worth every penny :)
Why isn't there a +1 button on Google Places pages?
The American Society of Hematology launches Blood journal app
Laugh hard it's a long way to the bank.
what time are you free today??
Backstreet boys are back in arizona! Boo-ya!
so I read #HungerGames in 2009 what's my next must read?
AP Econ party time!!
nope RONDO!
I just got a spam e-mail from 1969.
im so hungry i want clock out already
I know. What's up with the time change?
I had Trader Joe's spaghetti-o's. I'm about to have a kashi hot cereal chaser, along with Zero Vitamin Water.
hi punk
Goin home from work :D Juzz wanna go to bed
did u guys have fun!!
Just want you to want me..
Eating in Thai Town in La! <3
St. Louis Bound!
Derby Day, new Interstates track free.
How the hell did we end up like this ?
Yes so glad it's Friday. Gonna clean my room and then wait for Austins ustream.
. at : public sector #servicedesign SWOT: want to do good, "no" is safer, own the market, have limited control
Finally got my iPhone back from my BF he told me I had to kiss him to get it back lol! I love him!<U+E328> So whtz up people?;)
She said she will pay for my ticket to the zoo aww c':
Glad that I am not living on campus, especially after last nights riot...
The Mass Effect series might have the best voice cast ever.
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYBODY!!! STAY SAFE AND KEEP IT 100!! FRESH FOR 2012 AND TO MY GENERALS I LOVE YOU NIGGA TO THE END!!!
I did!
Interesting website. Thank you.
hahah I'm willing to try anything
I think I need a brand name, and where did you get it?
I think that apple should just make command line tools for iOS dev so we can use decent editors
“: "in sounds from the way out" is all I can muster right now. #RIPMCA” GREAT ALBUM
TU 4 helping my dream-create cherished memories and spiritual traditions www.holystable.com
Planning is in the works for the Cafe Bella Coffee outdoor Patio. Details to follow.
Having Only One Option Is Never An Option.
Official Walking Dead episode review: omg.
Who the hell is 2 Chainz??? I've never heard of him and Justin is obviously a fan of him. Awkward.
Bike ride on the Monon !
Looks good!
I highly recommend this class: RT Learn how to write an amazing Personal Essay and get it published w/ Taffy Brodesser-Akner
Zing, Boom, Tararrel! The Brewers are on their way!
Love the hashtag! Made us smile!
your welcome (:
So not in the mood right now
that's because 2012 is the year of "yes"
Good Morning! Ads are the cave art of the twentieth century. -Marshall McLuhan
well then you knew that so why you put a ?
is awesome! Thanks for yourfollow
Happy Thanksgiving from everyone at
Thanks for leaving me when I really needed you, because of you I have problems trusting someone new.
Straight up now tell me do you really wanna love me forever? <3
Unfortunately today we will be in the studio but all took time to wish out moms the best mothers day
The ruche! The ruche! The ruche is on fire!
This day is going by slow as fuck! I'm bout to take a early lunch lol
have no fear. Packer fans are safe.
MySpace is on the comeback... Good work, Timberlake & cronies...
thank you for being so caring and kind <3
can u send me info on #HR347? Plz..
Doing some final edits to descriptions for Globe Poster's etsy store. Will launch tomorrow. Get ready!
Nice first win #Caps!!!!
Oh my god.
MY MIXTAPE "REVELATION" PLAYLIST HAS BE SET!! ITS GONNA BE CRAZY!! ITS JUST THE BEGINNING BUT THE END OF THE OLD MIXTAPE DAYS
Keep calm and eat all the Doritos tacos
Like #interesting peeps? Then
Cong. Barney Frank on JPM losses: "goes counter to the bank’s narrative blaming excessive regulation for the woes of financial institutions"
You stay working out! Good for you! :) I'm trying to increase my fitness & it is HARD. Any tips?
Awewwwww RT : Man, I love my brother he got me here enjoying life....
Looking forward to meeting some people at #PackExpo 2010 Oct 31 - Nov 3! Maybe I'll stop and talk to you!
I put 's tweets as my statuses on facebook, everyone likes them, that's how amazing they are, they take the words outta my mouth!
I hate getting blood work done <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089>
great seeing you and meeting your terrific colleagues.
Only people under the age of 65 with no walker, in the movie theatre.
I was not prepared for all the President's Day sales! Crap!
Aww you already down there ok? What bar you at? Lol
"Maybe that's some Hollywood magic" <21
Whoops. It appears I did.
lol, yeah man...my gmail isn't working like everyone else's apparently from all the tweets im seeing, blah!
guitar shop that specializes in tube amps. yes thank you.
get out of here.
Dying to live the story in my heart.
#WhyYouAlways trying to copy my swag.--When its TURNED ON!!!
The weather is perfect, wind stay away and let us play today!
k i did!
Poor Dirk trying his best to bring us back
It'd be nice if the good luck is contagious!
lol my bad it should say it now...does it?
It's a cautionary tale about what happens when you treat the NBA like it's an AAU tournament.
Tonight's writing session brought to you by "Wanted Dead Or Alive". Seriously. Thank you
Subway station violin guy playing "Peter & the Wolf" is a wonderfully Upper West way to start your morning.
We’ll handle the OOH #MediaBuying, while you strum the #GoogleDoodle. Unique #marketing #advertising ideas while you practice your licks!
World Peace on that WWE shit! Clothes line n I was waiting for the leg drop n to the 3 count
have a great tour!
#ArtFact: Sir Isaac #Newton developed the first circular diagram of colors also called the color wheel in 1666.
that's awesome what a fantastic memory
That awkward moment when you’ve already said, “What?” three times and still have no idea what the person said, so you just agree.
these decisions r wut makes life hard for men lol
Community space at the dome. Gathered together with #jhudc to discuss the wind and the architecture of the dome.
dat's rt....i feel ya but the circumstances made it how it is not neglect on me, nor do i feel any different about u.
Did you visit us at ? Check our Facebook to see if you are one of our lucky winners!
You're welcome, HON!
From the ones I've seen, yours are creepy though -_- RT Lol I get the same shit for my tats
So appropriate after this day! Lmao
It's also at Landmark Lanes... soon to be everywhere!<---- RT is Wolski's the only place it is currently available?
that video was great but also made me realize how much I miss and will miss watching them play... dayum
“: Packing for spring break? Don't forget the #Crocs!" NOT! I wear real gators and crocs not tourist gear!
OMG....the new activity column moves faster than the actual Twitter Timeline, LOL!
The Pound of Flesh column in my spreadsheet keeps converting to kilograms. Suggestions?
what's the big cheese?
emailed community 2 connect on twitter...marketing is the key..do one thing every day to move to desired space. www.itsartnotstuff.com peac3
just watched u guys..you both are hilarious. Make my day!
try Spain or Milan, Spanish and Italian boys do anything for the sistas
haha I am on a diet and miss my soda !!
Dual contract with Impact and Bellator FC. I'll believe it when i see it. but i do remember the Joe Warren cross-promo
that's great! what city? audrey's also serving in chicago with me. i like it. it's challenging but rewarding. you?
Happy Birthday Charlie :-)
is following me!!! Can't wait to be the butt of some wildly inappropriate jokes. Uh-huh,huh-huh, huh
These 13 yr old girls asked for a picture with
thanks! Happy new years
Haha you guys are crazy round here! :
thank you!!! 8]
President Obama spoke a lot of truth in tonights speech.
I didn't expect to hangout with someone tonight I never do l m a o
[Eph4:4+1Cor12:27]There is one Body/Church [1Cor12:27]We are the Body of Christ/Church [Rom12:5]We being many are one body in Christ - LoveU
I had Amazon replace mine & send replacemt 2 diff address when my screen broke day b4 trip from west 2 east coast. Give it a try.
I miss you too!!! Muah!!! Going back tonight.
Diz all I know!!
Hoax in the UK claiming McDonald's wouldn't serve people under age 18. Is it possible they're more gullible than the USA? Amazing!
thanks for sending me adorable Officer Oliver to write up my police report.
Studying: 1% I study. 99% Telling people I'm going to study.
now following spencer slow ass lol
I have SCaLE envy
Hey Your "Rocket Man" cover is incredible.
GonePsoriasis thanks for following me on Twitter!
hahaha! So glad I'm not alone in my confusion! I had to Google it to find out (some tv show?)
He who lends a book is an idiot. He who returns the book is more of an idiot. Arabic Proverb
Thanks for that!!! RT : Making delicious pizzas at
lol u hate for ESPN is gettn to Sip Bayless/ Lebron Hate levels
I got out of school before the seniors did and passed ALL my classes(:
Dumbo notoriously racist film--one of the reasons it doesn't get brought back much into theaters.
Had a great day with my lil man.
Me too, they from Texas ;D and yeah it is overplayed. I like "Step Up" and wish they could find a long term singer
for prom?!!
Spent two hours reading the morning papers, on paper. Sheer pleasure. Except all the news was depressing.
Many thanks!
I thought the same thing the other day lol
Can't wait to see Obama debate one of these clowns
Loving right now. Love a good rant every now and then, and I agree 100%.
AV guarantee... We remove your viruses & for an additional $100 we guarantee you won't get another in the next year or we fix it for free.
Usf down 3-0, not a bad showing tho as we've had a lot of good possession. Orlando fans and players can't keep it classy tho
Thx u friends/fans for support of my play w/Philip Baker Hall! Appreciate your kindness & thx for enjoying my show! newamericantheatre.com
happy bday ladies!
Kim, great to hear from you. Would appreciate getting together this week while in LA. What's the best way for us to connect?
it always is, never disappoints.
Don't tell the twit I got like three browsers on my phone!
Join Bank of Albuquerque for an Open House (informational session) on Thursday, January 26th at 3900 Vassar NE. 2 sessions – 11a-1p or 5p-7p
Wow, longest Sunday afternoon nap in a very long time!
Our care team can look into your issue. Pls message them w/ details. Thanks for choosing !
Found rocks in my Valencia Peanut Butter with Roasted Flaxseeds this morning.
Mark Martin still races. Same era as Labonte
Can't wait until summer
Playing Legos with 3 yo son. Just said 'good job mom, you're getting the hang of it'
Obama just F'ed himself. More so.
But until then ur a taco bell chalupa.
I try to #Follow back all my #followers!! Cuz I love 'em all! Sorry if I haven't followed..I'm getting there :)
Like, a tree is green, the sky is blue, firetrucks are red...objects.
Please tell me that was a fumble!! WWW again!!!
nd im weird
Q from via twitter for #TIN panel: how do u get public to participate in pub mtgs via twitter?
Reading is to the mind what exercise is to the body. - Joseph Addison
I'm 100% positive is the single greatest reporter/badass/human on the face of this earth.
I love teens and write about them. In novel, EVEREST OMG!, 2 boys, 2 girls climb Mt Everest as first all-teen expedition.
(bryan) Was able to get a 4 wheel drive rental to make it up to Sundance from SLC. Snow storm is supposed to hit anytime.
how can we get s tour of the facility as well
Why do doctors make you make an appointment if they are going to just move you into a tiny dungeon for 30 minutes to wait for them?
When was the last time they beat LA in a postseason series?! AW OK!
So tired but I will not sleep until I am blonde again!!
Good point. To me, 'reality' happens during the weekend when I enjoy time with family. Mondays are the 1st step back to reality.
omg yess!! lol we need to party!!! you now how to hang aha. text me so i have your number
Dear Boyfriend, Please don't stop playing w/ my hair & whispering in my ear when you think I'm asleep. It's the whole reason I pretend to be
Love vocal warm ups with Rodney Saulsberry!
Buzzed for the first time in ages...
Finally finished my homework and am turning it in. Goodnight.....actually good morning.
no doubt. but they must understand. But folks like Hammer and Jay-Z will be doing just that.
We all no right from wrong when that Lil voice inside is saying U shouldnt do it & you dont feel right about it U might wanna listen to it!!
Follow us on over to the #adaptivechat with , and
Today has been
Ok I thk its time to roll up n put some in the air.....:-)
Honor Roll swagger I keep it
great question. Let me look into it. ( any way to add custom code to a site?)
“: Carmelo Anthony playing BIG tonight.” uh-oh, Knicks fans... That means a sure loss for your team.
"In order to succeed, your desire for success should be greater than your fear of failure." Bill Cosby
From Lois Lane to Elle Woods:...
#FoxNews Americas Newsroom anchor just said "White House Speaker Boehner" & showed photo of t WH.
Hope to see you at the reading and get you more information! Thanks for posting to Facebook!
Prepping up the last few things for the MBA in Atlanta next week. Looking forward to meeting people face-to-face!
is making southwestern beef short ribs this weekend. who is coming to dinner?
Thats awesome! We really appreciate your business!
RT : #Scorpio will always keep it real with you. They couldn't be fake if they tried.<
John John Shane Frankie and I
How bout those #Rays?
Something about a man in black makes me want to buy a cadillac.
the were bruisers tonight.
So i got caught oops. lol no video this time. maybe next but i got plenty of pics and some video of others
#love&hate love watching the #masters , hate this blurred vision
Actsophia features include daily hard-to-find castings, relaxation exercise, playback to help learn lines, full industry directory and more!
Not near a t.v.? Watch me on KTLA.com starting @ 8 a.m. for all the latest Murray updates.
How can I practice this damn scene when I always have to run and do something for this lady.
Only took and hour and a half to labl all the videos D: Now to figure out how to edit this thing!
Who gives a twit?!?
Open today at 3. Good day for a beer. Super Bowl Party Feb 5. Crawfish,beer and a Giants win!!
I'm able to be on 360 an do social networking thanks to my NETGEAR router :-)
How are you???
As someone aspiring to transition from ID into UX, your WDX talk affirmed many of my thoughts re: my skill-set. I needed that. Thanks!
spending COLD TUES PM making butternut squash soup & listening to Celia Cruz's "Son Con GuaGuanco." Mi piace molto quella puttana sexy.
WHO WANTS TO HANGOUT?
A big thanks this morning to
nope!!! I wasted all my coins on buying you those diuretics. I was worried that you looked so bloated lately *batts eyes*
healthcare for all now!
I'll edit them this week for you jared
tough break
woo hoo thanks for sharing, Michelle!
When you're honest with me.
Sunday I shall be singing, "Morning has broken like the first morning . . ."
Note to self: hoping a child pushes through a long day at Disney means Day 2 = unpleasant.
follow me back pwease =]
if you're #inhighschool -
The Boyz are so much more attractive then the ones in my school lol
I know you are a ways away, but are you thinking of attending the comedy show this week?
#dlhq who had a better game 2 Kobe or LeBron? Who choked?
Hey , I'm writing about a fish taco blowout experience...reminds me of your burger blowout pet peeve...
Maybe its her big ass.. Or that great smile.. or her perfect eyebrows.. Oh I'm so envious. Hahahaha just fucking kidding. Bitch ugly af <U+E412>
The bottom of the order really lacks intrigue when Inge is not playing
Hither the heroes and nymphs resort,To taste awhile the pleasures of a courtIn various talk th'instuctive hours they past,Who ga
or, that should be a question: "wanna go sit in Tenochtitlan & cry?"
no more Welker, now be Desean Jackson
yea u better kiss me back
#Cancer needs comfort @ home to succeed in business. Trust and confidences are hard to gain but once granted you have an ally for life
ok so why is #puppybowl and Animal Planet trending
I wonder why Elton John didn't wear one of his hats.
i heard tupac's killer was finally found
I'll be at work on the 30th, sure! Email me!
Jingle Bells by , in the same vein as that "Hello" video... We call them video ransom notes. :-)
Why the F is my 6 pound toy dog snoring like an man right now.! *light kick to the end of the bed* ah that's better
They cut my hair too short!! I guess :/
I am really glad that #Discovery is getting the attention it deserves today as it brought the space program back from two major disasters
S/O to for his directional skills..
hahaha, teach me, she must.
Working on a PRS Millenium Dragon replica!
Lloyd Christmas, Cole Trickle, Brett Maverick, J2D2, John McClain, Tony Stark, Andy Dufrane or ....McLovin
Cycle City Promotions will add the WOMEN'S Class back into our schedue for all summer events (The Tex-New Mex Series).......
#morefemalesshould make me a sandwich
Who Wonts A Text Because My Girl's Not Texxting Back /: ? LIKE (;
": hit with my laptop. <.< she needs to calm down :(" You needa calm down sir! >.<'
Meeting up with Tyga in Long Beach on May 24th. Cali here I come baybeeee!!
I still forget if Cincinnati has double N's or double T's.
Let's all agree to never use the phrase "gender roles" again.
Dame not you again.
thank you!!(:
Michigan baby
ha I'll never clean your sensors again
unauthorized game. i hope real wolves eat you all.
RT goddamn giants you can't expect to convert 3 fourth downs.
no tweets yet? cute dog!
ohmahlord. Your profile photo. Haha, definitely woke me up this early morning
Thanks :) too <U+2665>
Remember when Manny did that phone commercial I thought it was adorable lol.
Thanks to our customers for scanning badges and delivering the product pitch to prospects at #RSAC! Speaks for itself.
Keep your head up and dont let the hater get you down
wanted to RT that to show you your New Glarus Spotted Cow was getting some love
thanks! Will do! Don't forget to check out www.StMongooseEnt.com!
Well I was just doing something for college so I wasn't even here ;) but she's off to bed so no stress! <U+2665>
5/15-Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Mike Burton
8 more days till school ends
Yea It Is, Idc who comes but my mama talm bout 1 invitation only takes care of 2 people so just let me know how many
yup me too...this is my last box!
do u remember me vic? I love you so much <U+2665> you are so sweet and amazing! i really really admire you, wish i could be YOU
Before I met & learned a bunch of Scottish words, I never knew what to call weather like this, when it's raining dreariness
My 3 year old nephew is going around checking people in this restaurant. Lol
Be warned the smell of jerk chicken is about to start floating down Short Vine! We are grilling out by the street!
Tonights half time show is the fireworks.
damn 10 so early
Does anyone know when the rest of the roster joins in for training camp?
I miss watching harry potter every Friday night with <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Listening to "Georgia on my mind" by Ray Charles on a loop. Love. Love. Love!
Everyone tweet telling him to re-post his Nashville cover! <3
Oh hay. :D It's Ashley, i'm going to Leaky.
Shoe nice ? Who is that ? And why does he call himself a nice shoe ?
Waiting for to get picked up in this draft. He would blast double all of these guys to their backs.
how funny was drunk marshall lol
Can't believe there are people who enjoy "That 70s Show".
hahaha you ought to here my new title at tech art. Its actually still in the works.. But it'll be epic
//So...If anybody has tickets to see Taylor swift in concert in Texas...I WILL HUNT YOU DOWN-.-!!!
Thanks for your help re: the eichmann videos!
Helped older woman w/ boot and cane onto curb. She says, "This fucking shit is pissing me off."
Hope you had a great time at the Business Social! #SUinNYC RT : Great #syracuse event tonight!
It's at AOL, 395 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, CA 94306. The site was right, we fixed eventbrite. Thanks for the heads up!
oh man. Awesome.
I know a lot of bad lawyers w/fancy websites.But experience is what matters.If you need the best defense in #sandiego call me 619-692-9001
IT'S THE BEST. I LOVE FRIENDS. I LOVE SHARKS
trying to stay awake
I see you everyday...-_-
Wana do #blackfriday right? Shop online & let the crazies have at it..lmao! Readin sum these posts..Im scarred! Ha!
I know, my mom is sweet!:D
follow me trying to at least get up to 130 followers.....nd if you get me there i will luv you 4eva
Sunshine just snuck into my window. Makes me think of summer and anti-glare screen protectors :)
the professor is a wealth of knowledge. his lessons contain the wisdom of the ages.
i dont even know this person and this is still my favorite prom picture, ever.
Shout Out to our Horns. Awesome game today.
Retrain Tip: Alright NOLA clients. Mardi Gras is over. No excuses. Get up, get moving and put that smile on your face. Have a great day!
It's so funny how 6 months before elections Obama's views are suddenly "evolving" on gay marriage. Yall are gonna be so dissappointed
I agree n honestly its nt worth talkin about cuz its pointless.. Im thru wit it n I.dnt want it to.come uo no mo...
Ready for them Dirty Birds...#cheesehead, not cheese steak.
ok so tell me about the results youve seen with taking the cod liver? its messing with my tummy a lil :(
#Badgers Justin Schultz named Hobey Baker top 10 finalist
Good Morning Peoples! TGIF!
RIP Ms.Judy gone but NEVER forgotten ; i love yu!!
Who doesn't love lip chap!!!? Come on people lol.
Mars & Saturn meet: focus your efforts or strain against resistance, patiently propel yourself or fight to move forward
Last Friday
Did I just woke up from a dream where I thought I had 4 papers due in less than 24 hours and I totally forgot about that? Yes. Yes, I did.
Thank You Chula
in the studio results will amaze people
What's that dangling between Elise's legs??.
they say i look very depressed these days. okay, time to chin up!! depressed no more!!!!!!!!!
oh guess what i dyed my hair red!!!! It was to cute nd my date arent riding in the limo but we will meet yall at omars
oh wow I had no idea about that!! Well I'm glad it was smoothed over. And nah I don't hate u or anyone for that matter! Just shy
Stupid bitch!
HOW LONG DO I HAVE TO WAIT AFTER THE HEARING? I HAVE BEEN IN THE DARK. I AM GOOD AT FILLING OUT FORMS AND I CAN'T HELP BUT WONDER HOW
Iowa State coming out of the gates strong!
Thanks for all the new follows guys !!!!!
MidTowns Hot Spots Lees Art Shop,The Burger Joint,Paley Center, All Phenomenal!!!
i need fallowerss:)
The lifespan of an effective teacher is extended via the success of his/her students.
Our pleasure. :) :) :) Thank you for the #followback too! Talk soon!
Power is officially restored as of last night after 4 nights of complete darkness. What a sick joke Irene has been!
Re NI: Ugh! Was hoping the first incident wouldn't snowball.
get you a "Pour Some Sugar On Me" shirt yet? I would be all over that. Might try and find one in fact.
Wisconsin Sports = Winners.
take out mcroberts....period
Sending love and energy to and the rest of #teambios - you can do it!!
Being successful should be just as important as breathing! #Bill Walsh
Should be sleeping, but Donald Glover comedy special made me laugh myself awake.
Love leo forever.
it raining men?? let go and some fat bitches
I'm a rare bird - I involuntarily switched from mac back to pc. It's like trying to breath air underwater without a scuba gear.
heard its unbelievably beautiful, have a safe flight
Waiting in line at Second City because I like comedy, not because Jason Seagull is here or something
Meeeeh. Someone should talk to me.
Meeting space needed for you next meeting?
why? What does someone have to do to get fired? <-Kelsey xoxo>
This series will be way different, but definitely helps they had that slugfest vs. your boys.
OH a parent at practice: "All we ask is that you listen and do your best." Love it!
agree. i think that this further proves that competition is a really good thing. they may not have seen these benefits w/o android
Thanks for the tease. Too much anxiety in my body I can't even handle it!!
#Microsoft #DJ DJ Uses A MacBook Pro To Play Tunes At Microsoft Store Opening
Love it- Get rid of the HEAD TRASH!
Hadn't even considered the preservation issues surrounding cell phone videos before this week.
Hey Katrina & The Waves, you can't walk on sunshine. Knock it off!
Our fingerprints don't fade from the lives we touch. Is that true fr everybody? Or just poetic bullshit.
Thank you and you, also!
follow back:D
spring break this week =p way to be early! Lol
Interesting how the second most attractive and least attractive are hell-bent on firing the most attractive.
Groove Function Studios! were directors, producers, writers come together and create art! By actor Pablo Nunez
Yeah Giants!! Congratulations!!!
Its seagrams doe u want dat??
Thanks for the invite. jerk. I bet "you know who" came... I would be surprised if you remembered who i was talking about. lol
Lots of time on the CTA means lots of tweets. Edzo's is delicious and that milk shake was worth the stomach ache and inflamed sinuses.
Watching the avengers with my lovely cousins thal, and yna.
cant wait to skype u
our next Tix are for the Rangers in July. We are looking for games coming up. Let us know what games work for u and we are in
Good Morning my Sweet Sisters! Anyone else on this morning?
i looooooooovve you
seasons greetings erg monster.
Everyone laughs at me because I dress differently, but I don't care, at least I don't pretend to be somthing I'm not
nice fat sack o' mail!! Congrats on all the orders :) Do you still have any he-man posters or did you sell out already??
yes ma'am <3
thanks so much for the RT!
Time to eat!
Up early with alot on my mind
It isn't the only difficulty, but the interaction with the game is part of our algorithm.
i'm getting there....
I hope is happy.
at night i will be what? Lol sleep
It's cold af!!! Where's my call!! .
Wass good my ppl long time not on thiz :)
yeah, well... You know how I do.<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Follow me on the web @ www.patrickscatering.com
Ash has another audition Thursday! Busy audition season this year! : )
I can't say enough good things about scar therapy.
Circulatory System?
im seriously thinking about it, I love this state
did I just see lebron with a mavericks hat and tshirt on?
I hate myself for letting you slip away again:(
So I'm late to the party on this whole "Sarah Phillips" thing. Somebody tell me everything in 140 characters or less at a time.
Oh, wow... Chen, you look... really, really, really, really attractive. Like, damn.
Good Morning! Take time to invest in YOU today. You are worth it!
hm... I think I need to teach you how to drive faster. I'm a racing instructor, you know.
shout out to all the people at the show tonight. check out
I didn't see you!!
Have an amazing Birthday!
lesssssgoooooooo. Call me!! I dm u my number!!!
Going to McDonalds for salad is like going to a prostitute for a hug.
rocking the high socks tonight.
Ravens lost a heart-breaker yesterday
Notice they didn't say best, just favorite - yes ccleaner, revo uninstaller etc. are all great and I use them too
I Love Ariana Grande so much.Ariana you're my Inspiration please Follow my Role Model please tweet Me Iam an Arianator Forever ArianaGrande
There's 5 calories in a teaspoon of semen. Can I get u a 100 calorie pack, miss?
no bandwagon dumbass lol... Im a vol fan.. Naturally i followed peyton.. Also not a true fan fuck the colts without him lol
makin this spring break awesome!
not much, just finishing my homework. you?
Just learn an agglutinating language. Then you can say entire sentences in one word.
Thnx for the follow! Boom!
have you voted yet? www.944.com/picks
the joys of being a #kubball fan. Ugh. Hoping for a better second half.
I talk to you cause you're my bestfriend, and wifey. c:
That took FOREVER. now time for rehearsal -_-
yeah. Hoping to get some spinning in tomorrow.
can you follow ?(:
Just for the record, pro-choice does not mean pro-abortion. I am bro-choice.
Rise and Grind World
I'm WOW'd! in Deer Park. Our waitress Amber is awesome! Haven't had this kind of service at a restuarant in a while!
Looking for web designer with HTML & CSS. Contract to hire. Start out working from home! Email for deatils:
geez oh whiz....girlie girl...what are we going to do w/you and me...the klutz's of the world...oh gee....well as long as ur ok
you wanna know a secret? ....you don't know you're beautiful!
accomplished today: cool promo items for a soon-to-launch project. nefarious plans for the Choose Your Own Adventure style discussion forum.
Told my grandma I would drive cause well I get scared every time she does
¤ Self-respect is the cornerstone of all virtue. John Herschel
I don't know where my motivation went. This needs to change now.
Life... Not for everybody
Till then I stay strapped, Trojan Magnum on my waist, stay cocked.
Q1 Should a student ask about support and opps for student entrepreneurs when they visit campus?
Did you know that from received his Masters Degree at the age of 22?!?
it's 1/2 price pizza night! mention CROSSFIT215 and receive 1/2 off your choice of our quattro formaggi, spicy ham or broccoli misti pies
thats so pretty
For sure, drop me a line at and we can figure it out
Not Ben Jonson and gunpowder!
really? hm.
Welcome in advance to #Houston! When will you arrive to our fine #Texas city?
I must have missed it
It's almost time to start working on the #COMinaDay video. If you haven't done so already, please turn in your footage ASAP!
Hello, Detroit Rock City! Our set at Paychecks Lounge is at 8:15.
Okay Joshua just made me throw the remote at him in disbelief. Best performance of the night or ever!!!!!!!
Me: Do you want to go to work with me? JT: No, all you do there is WORK. It's not fun. Work is HATEFUL.
She Just Wanna Fuck Me & Take My Money <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Just getting in from Day 1 of catering a 3 in a row booking May the Turkey Gods be with us!
Cain, Long, Kardashian, R. Studdard - no wonder there are a lot of pessimistic views about marriage nowadays.
Well that just backfired for the jaguar front office. Ouch.
TRUTH. I've probably made more off my poetry ($100) than 99% of all poets. Mission accomplished?
I miss you soo much
I'd say AP, J Charles, McFadden, McCoy, Sproles (McCoy and him similar) that catch rating and agility is out of control!
Andrew Saxon Bell
Congrats Kim on your wedding to Robert Irvine!
same here :/ Plus Im alonee now.
The Question Bridge Project will open its exhibition @ the Brooklyn Museum
jus order the full black puma outfit for christmas and im ordering the orange with the money i get
No more breakfast with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
So I've been up for 1O hours watching The Lying Game .. Omg I love it !
Never been so sad in my life.: roses are red violets are blue,nobody has ever hurt me like you
Dindin with in la ;)
Life w/out Salsa dancing would B a HUGE mistake; so WE have U covered. Visit us at For class schedules, and events.
has their speed reminded you of women's basketball?
IMO WhiteHouse speaker appears very defensive re: view #EU affords greater #privacy and #cybersecurity protection than # US.
“: I text you because I want to have a conversation with you, not to get one word answers.” oh.
JCOF keep an eye!
you can't spell article...
not a good show
Patrik Svensson from the speaking Young Research Library right now!
Tough call... those are my 2 favorite food groups!
I'd like to kick you in the teeth,You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse. Bitch!!!!
Couldn't possibly disagree any more with you than I do. MLB loses 1 case and cans the independent arbitrator?
one day! Lol I hope
Until this afternoon
please follow me!!!!!
Kudzu being called out for growing a foot a day, terrifying. Basically the same as that Triffid/tomato plant I'm growing back in Austin.
Hope to see on this project. This dude is ridiculous with the pen... If you don't know, now you know.
Marx: item attributes (metadata) crucial to improving the analytics created in the ReaderLink system
Brendan Erickson of delivering a ton of useful #CRE tech info... and giving us a shoutout!
that cheap?
That's nice! How was it, Ryan ? :-)
Talbot is hard to watch... Almost like Carmona but nothing is that painful
Preach it! "Thoroughness, Accuracy, Fairness, Independence, and Transparency" don't require a press pass.
Thanks Carol. How was your day? ;) I will view it this weekend. Aloha.
Every time I hear a Chinese person talk it reminds me of Sims. I think it's the same language.
Still waiting for the first person in my TL to say Russ should stop shooting.
Damn, my 8th grade Math teacher died today...
Finished fan tastic mr. fox. Starting wishing for tomorrow by Hilary mckay
Your competitors are sometimes your biggest assets.
At least Kevin Gregg doesn't play for us
2010 is alright so far. Good luck to you this year.
a very short and sweet statement.
oh good, I was worried. it looked bad.
Here at MBA Sphere HQ, we've been a little lax in our updates. Sorry and we promise to engage in much more dialogue...
If you live in #myrtlebeach I'll be at #comedycabana this week tues-sat. Come out or listen to me on Tommy and Abbi Wednesday and Friday
This weather's perfect for curling up with a good book! Any recommendations for a great rainy evening read?
Your wife brought the word great yesterday! That message is much needed!
tuedy you have to be one too!
If I didn't have plans to party with some sailors later, I would so call it a day.
Can Everyone Involved In This Justin Bieber Drama Just End It & Stop Cyberbullying? Why Can't Everyone Just Get Along And Be Peaceful? (: xx
If someone in a related business is launching a new website or product, let your followers know
more art fairs and local galleries would be great!
In addition to protecting our national interests, we must take the leadership in protecting the common interests of humanity
/funny-relevant
So all these dumb asses saying dumb ass boosie out don't they know he still doing 8 years for drugs dam people are dumb
You're our 100th follower! Thanks for helping to get us to this point. Stay posted for updates.
I guess I'll be perpetually stuck at 11.04 then, unless they bring back classic ui in 12.04
Yeah right a drop in the bucket. If banks do such good business why do they constantly need bailed out w/ taxdollars?
it's probably not the Bacon that's keeping his weight up. Rest of diet is likely industrial food industry junk.
very sad. Watched as much as I could.
Indeed! RT : Awesome, one of 's clients hit 300,000 Likes today. We'll be doing a little celebration =)
Gus Johnson going CRAZY on the Big Ten Network NOW!!
Waiting for to come pick up all the whore who rent rooms here. I think they stopped in the room for a quickie
night :c <3
i remember when he had 50,000 followers & i remember when he made his first utube video been here since the start love you <3
Thank you! Hope you keep enjoying :)
#local6 Breaking NEWS: Orlando Police Chief Val Demmings retired after just 3 years as chief.
The #1 way you can improve as a coach is to"Reward Desired Effort - relentlessly! You get what you reward!" -
You have no idea how much fun it is to speak English in a drug store until you live in a place where English just doesn't get you very far.
thanks for the follow MrLifeStyle. Keep doing what you do brother.
no I wasn't!! Nasty!! And thanks for telling everyone I smell like mayo! Even Damian called me it now!! :(
We are already kinda built into the research life cycle.
no cake for me? It's my bday in a week!!
can you send me some sun, please? Its rainy & cold here! :( RT : this sure does beat sunny spring training ;)
I didn't read it, but read a synopsis and some reviews. Sounded... like I made the right choice.
Unfortunately, I can still see this team going on a long losing streak. You still have to score runs to win baseball games.
why are you sad
Heading out to for birfday fondue!
Funny descriptor but not too funny if it hit something!
Classic breaking the couch by standing on it x
there's about 30 cases where that came from. My Godfather's barn will thank you for taking it away.
The munchkin says CWL is *fiesty*! Out of the mouth of babes!
We're going to be in need of some volunteers for the event. If you're down for it, let me know.
#GoodAdvice - CDC: Supervise young children at all times around fall hazards, such as stairs & playground equipment, at home or out to play.
Torn about manager candidate. So important that they be "Bar Louie". Need to remember, "we're the keepers of the brand", tough call
ok sounds good ima be looking to buy it in the week or so .. thanks man can you dm me your phone #
Nothing concludes a long run and hard gym workout like a Saturday night glass of champagne. Except maybe the oysters and steak to follow.
we love that Irish pub. Great place for a
lmbo well if you feel that strongly you probably should
If you wish to take this is your right. But there are millions of people that don't share your opinion. You cannot force yo
Just had breakfast with , 's new New Media Director... adding tons of value already. Thank Em!
definitely has #balls. Sounds like he'll be living it up in style this summer. Cheers! Your BFFs
sorry to hear about your dad
much too full of resentment
Sum niggas hate me sum chicks don't like me o damn well I'm me an I'm happy so fuck off with your opinions.
A-rod and his small unit meaures up again.. Fuckyouyankees!! Bing on the steers n queers!!!
Work gives me crazy hours for months now I have none
It's alright beasts and she-beasts... can't win 'em all! We'll get the cards tomorrow!
When all Americans can get the same health care as our elected reps, I may start to take them seriously.
in re: to Allen West...what about Obamas Pastor & his repulsive comments on America! It's a total double standard
Big Ten Network playing the 2009 final 4 game between uconn and MSU at ford field. One of the best sporting events I've ever been to.
For those who didn't get to party with us last night , come check out tonight's show !
your the best and most favorite
who are you taking psych with?
Over protective much?!?!
Rage blackout.
#SongOfTheDay 's Rainy Day (:
I miss having in the studio in the mornings. Tazing people in the wx office and such
I have to take my AP US history exam tomorrow and a good luck tweet would be awesome. :)
I'm about to wake him up and say Tooth Fairy came so the money fall to the back of the bed.
My honors students just left me!!! Waaaaaahhh!!!!
dude. I feel like the curtain doesn't match the drapes. Where's all the wine investing stuff?
Awesome Game! Pryor who? Braxton Miller delivers! Go
Distant hills look green.
Who is going to see Prince in LA?
. says study looks at research transformation for all historians, not just those who identify as digital historians.
#dailyfeedback Sharon Needles of Pgh has won Rupaul's Drag Race! Songs that refer to QUEENS. Results @ 4:20pm on 91.3fm.
Girls with smelly hair chemicals <<
3 new Sherlock episodes a year is seriously not enough!
Man, I've been on the phone with my daughter for like an hour! And the weather's so nice and all...
"Kind words are like honey- sweet to the soul and healthy for the body" Proverbs 16:24 NLT
Lesson learned tonight: I know it was someone from Twitter. But other than that, I have got to be the worst Sherlock Holmes ever.
It’s good to do uncomfortable things. It’s weight training for life. ~ Anne Lamott
shutting my phone off. can't deal with this shit anymore.
good article on how #Trutanich can't get his story straight, thanks for heads up!
If those smelly kitties overpower the house, call us! We are pet odor specialists
who broke into their home at about 2 a.m. last week, tormented a family, sexually assaulted the mother and her daughter, 10,.
where is Rupp arenas will call window at?
#liber 2011 Now, Tanja de Boer, KB. KB’s strong digital ambitions: Access to everyone to everything published in and about the Netherlands.
mixing down final tracks
I'm in awe of God's love for me! How He expresses it thru others...I'm truly overwhelmed!
It makes you take a step back & fall back down to earth & reality & really;genuinely appreciate what you do have
Its a hard choice because I love all Tim Burton movies, but I would say Edward Scissorhands
Another new song idea developed on the ol acoustic. I sense a pattern ;)
yea.. Anthony told me..what days n time?
i know it's not yet #FF, but heck, I'm shameless...NEW TWITTER needs followers...check it!
Somehow not tweeting for a year and a half hasn't adversely affected my life....why am I starting again now?
Had to create an invisible mouse cursor to trick Captivate
Happy St Patrick's Day! Irish architect James Hoban designed one of the best known buildings in the world - the White House.
The first requisite of success is the ability to apply your physical and mental energies to one problem without growing weary.~Thomas Edison
and if it goes bad with Melanie we could always say April Fools!! Lol
all i need is a large bottle of vodka and i can make it through this day.
just began reading A Night Without Armor-- I am so inspired by your poems (and all of your music as well) Thank you. :-)
amen to that. Oh my GOODNESS. crazy!! Highly esteemed among men is an abomination.
noone anywhere works in a vacuum...outside influences affect us all
Instead, try the GGcool-generated "associative" thesaurus. For yours, I offer "mastaba", "Mrs. Mester", "matcha", and "mastodon".
Seriously!!!! I hate it. There is no way I'm gonna be satisfied with how this ends......
I must be a bad student...the only thing I remember from Felix Dennis is "If it floats, flies, or fornicates--rent, don't buy." Love it!
Really? Say not so!
EVERYONE IS BEAUTIFUL...Except for Elana Kagan. Who really just looks like Kevin James.
RT : the actual file & folder structure helps us understand meanings of a text
Dear Pinterest, Thank you for bringing the art of homemaking back. Love, Nicole
Blasting Music <3(:
about to start cleaning her office...good times.
Happy weekend!! So excited I get to work at Habberstad Mini today in Huntington!!! Thanks
I work in the corp offices and it's the 5th largest employer in Phoenix. We create our own traffic. It's insane.
imessage is apart of iphone 4 right? :)
Yay i get to bowl with my own ball and shoes!
#ThingsIDoWhenImDrunk first the shirt comes off, then the pants. before you know Im naked doing helicopters in the front yard
High fives are the best.
B&N Now Selling Nook Tablet 8GB for $199 and Nook Color for $169
Minecraft Union T-shirt
I'm so pooped !! I can barely move a muscle... I'm finna get some good sleep on this bus
Im so sore! Im never working out with my brother again.
I have finally figured out the focus on the #Canon #7D. Focus on everything you DON'T want in focus and MAYBE 1will be sharp
THAT was a good long walk. And also more evidence I'll go a decent distance to recycle (I took a compostable drink cup to )
I'm in Bertha mode.
be safe and watch out for the pigs
Thunders whooping that ass!
Glad you got value from my presentation, Trudy, and I hope you enjoy my book! Let me know if you have any questions.
We now offer 'Lunch-sage' special: $29 for 30-min massage + Classics Malt Shop meal delivered while you relax. Lunchtime is for YOU - enjoy!
Stayin your seats and not sneaking up is for the birds and suckers #yemsg awesome
guess what? Got me an IPad! My wife is incredible!
happy birthday to your son!
he said i dont care i think
on tumblr xP
when will #LabRats come out? :)
moms are the best!
Congrats Brian! RT : Thank you to everyone who came to our first dinner service last night. Looking forward to many, many more!
Cleveland Browns Take Trent Richardson and Brandon Weeden in ...
Anyways ... That movie was very intriguing I was glued to the screen
spent all last week hanging with my cousin from across the pond. Watched Amir Khan sparring and now back to work and music!
" Good ain’t good enough, and your hood ain’t hood enough. Spend my whole life putting on, you spend your whole life putting up."
why hello twitter, welcome back into my world
The pussy is waiting in the bed....my cat sleeps at my siide
I could've gotten away with a quiet birthday, too, if it wasn't for you meddling kids....
What is this? I'll join in on the fun too I love you! Hahahaha!
I'm your biggest fan. I'll follow you untill you love me.....or follow me. :D
It's kind of funny that the boy I like is totally opposite to any of the boys.
HELL YEAH...LOL!
glad you liked the fencing today on espnu!
. polling the audience on fan fiction groups in their schools or communities.
Laughter is an instant vacation.
okay thanks so much ! :)
its not bad it's young ! lol
I'm using Google+ now. I like it a lot.
hey!!!! How are you! Miss you fam!
Any guesses at the Knicks' offensive efficiency mark tonight? I haven't run the numbers, but how about a 79pts/100 poss? Crappy enough?
Don't care about sports too much... But #GIANTS all the way tonight!!!
Chemistry Joke are sodium funny.
#followGiftedchic y'all and I will def follow u rite back ;)
Hockey playoff time
Cuddling <U+2192> Kissing <U+2192> Biting <U+2192> Licking <U+2192> Sucking <U+2192> Nibbling <U+2192> Grabbing <U+2192> Eating <U+2192> Stroking <U+2192> Moaning <U+2192> Nutting <U+2192> Eating <U+2192> Sleeping.
hey whats up?
Balsamic vinegar, bread and butter pickle juice, oregano, basil, and spicy brown mustard makes a great dip for Campo De Montlban cheese.
Today was great, my shoulder didn't hurt at all, and I actually throw faster :o sucks it's too late to join :/
" Where ever you go there you are".
OMG!!! mona is a bitch i new it
So done putting my all into things then getting hurt
Happy mothers day to all you m.i.l.f.'s out there.... ;-) jk.. HAPPY MOTHERS DAY. Enjoy your day...
RT Checking out some new Twitter services. Ping.fm is good for social automation, Tweetlater.com is good for setting up RSS 2 post
Spent last week working with our newest client, Peoples Flowers in Albuquerque, New Mexico. Awesome folks!
With props to Whitlock??
i would be happy to help with that. Have a safe trip.
Believing you will be successful is just the beginning of the sport - Iroxy Smith
I nurse, and could totally see it being hard to be prego and continue doing so. Go easy on yourself. It's alot take on.
Huge Poker Tournament Tonight at 6PM! Win a Trip to Vegas. Special:Turkey Sandwich on honey wheat w/ chipotle mayo & swiss
check 04/15/2011 Washington post online article for blasting ryans claims. 3% of companies filing as indies are 'small businesses'
I think I've reached the acceptance stage of grief regarding sleep deprivation. My being tired is now a fact of life.
Hey Everyone! Be sure to watch Texas A&M take on Northwestern in the Meineke Car Care Bowl of Texas on ESPN @ 11am CST/noon ET.
arvo2010: Evaluation of Enhanced OPI; Using Computerized Video Tracking of Tear Film Break Up for... - Endri Angjeli , May 4, D963
Anxious about my interview today. Pray for me everyone please. Thanks
are you gonna try and win too?:)
Nice job jockabros!!!!!!
Exhausted, but can't sleep
thanks for the RT!
lmao uk what fuck the tweet and they symbol pussy!
I love u and miss you too!!! Im sorry that im out of town this weekend but I promise ill make it up to you!!! #loveyoulots!
A #BFElvisFactoid - today in 1961Elvis Presley recorded "Can't Help Falling in Love."
u knw were there bro
We're too young, this is never gunna work. That's what they say, your gunna get hurt. But I know something they don't, I love you so much<3
aw lls i did too
I love reconnecting with old friends
Just had a little photo shoot for the Escape Reality EP cover. It looks so cool!
The Unofficial Smithers Love Song - (Your Favorite Martian music video)
Next time you think of beautiful things, don't forget to count yourself in. (:
tweet about what to do during the test?
The LA Metro subway is the new insane asylum..
goog but overpriced... ;(
will be relocating new family to SF on the 1st of March. Intense!
Long run in short sleeves. As good a day as you can get in January.
the mind of a child is wild and free, what is your mind like?
I'm about to go on MLK and sell waters
was just going to email you. You won yesterday's cookbook. Send me your address
RT : No. We tell the truth via lies RT : Fiction writers are just liars who lie in a socially acceptable way.
And any player who gets on should immediately attempt a steal
i kno u old school lol u said bugaboo
Good morning!
why cant every boy be like my 5 boys from
We're nearly at
This RT : #Libra motto: Have class or go home.
use your iCloud! Backs up automatic so u don't need to deal with the chaos...I can't stand it and I run one!
Methinks you should share this homemade sweet tea recipe with the twitterverse.
RT Thank you. As an attorney and a white woman whose son the world considers black, this case is so interesting to me
How's your mommy? :]
dude just change your name! No, I take it back. You got an awesome name.
the heart knows, what the heart knows. If it feels right, do it!! You don't want any regrets!
Impressive since its way more fun running in June,July,Aug when it's nice out.
Radelet: "Through the Cold War, the US and USSR supported the worst dictators. The end of the Cold War brought political change to Africa."
Tryin 2 find free wifi on youre block SUKS but i seem 2 have a weak signal now ,,hurray ,as reliable as a china made product though
RT if you love
all.the.time.
RT : Heins trying to segment the market into "BlackBerry People" and "smartphone users."
Sad to hear about the death of #MCA. Best of luck to the rest of the gang going forward. He #LicensedToIll for sure. #RIP Man
Have a mind for disaster preparedness? Involved? Tell us what you do to prepare yourself, your family, and your community for disasters
Sportscenter's not showing enough Dan Jenkins Golf HoF induction speech hlghlights
The payback is the weather this weekend. Sunny skies, highs around 70. Pollen will get rough, but take your meds & enjoy the sun.
Milwaukee weather : Low 66F & high 76F Cloudy. GRIND coffee temp. : Low 130F & high 190F (depending on the hours) Sunny. =)
Oh well, we tried..
thanks, love.
Congratulations to lucky fan Nicholas La Forgia you won 2 tix to the Rangers Playoff Game Saturday! Check your DM’s for more info!
&& I Don't Look Like Wtf?!? Without it lol
chillin and u punk xp:)
Solid! What's your major field of study ?
If you ever think you should save and quit just to be safe during your minecraft session, do it. Tonight's progress, lost :(
that's good :)) your in college right?
Listening to Kings of Leon new CD. Wow, nothing out is better.
sorry to hear
Dear Annoying People, I know it's your job and everything but it's almost Christmas can you please take work off this month -Love Aggravated
im kinda allergic to crab, so im gonna take your word for it.
the amanda show
You really look younger.!!!!!!!
It would be awesome if Nagamura had a twitter, would like to welcome him to KC
I just mentioned "Taylor" in a chorus that I wrote. Shhh... Top Secret - Unfinished :)
my play is 2day!!! Wish me goodluck plz?? I love u <3 :)
Sorry I haven't been on for awhile, I've just been really busy
You looking for Mr. Right in the wrong places.
She expects me to wake up at 3 and she aint even ready? Fuck thiiiisss.
isn't going to give you a negative view? There were no shortage of racist comments in '08 and he's president now.
lmaoooo! Had to just throw it out there #OneTime ! It's been a min!
Chapter 2012 Page 30 of 366 Speaking those things that are not as if they already are..Really works!
headed to
Attended grand opening of Highpoint Healing and Wellness, clinic Dr. Valencie Exceus specilaizing in Accupuncture & Chinese Herbal Medicine
The "Snap, Crackle, Pop" in Rice Krispies.
applebee's and hanging out with gabe until time for work at 5 :)
It's 3:30 and I'm hearing thunderclaps, right on schedule. Rains are coming in like clockwork every day. #rainyseason in
My boy is 2-0 at wrestling meet today
Putting cream on after I shower is religion
Speaking as a geeky girl TOTALLY LIKED the show! Here's to the Walking Dead as a lead in!
Now it is time to get back to reality y'all. Got a lot of work to get done by Monday evening. Goodmorning everyone
Can't wait to listen to the show today!! Check us out "It's War" by G.A.S.
Whatever! Imagine all the stuff you can get done!
I'm good fam! Its good to hear from you. I might be out in SF visiting fam later this summer. Maybe we can catch up and build.
and hey shipmates good to at least be here w/ya.
I can't believe I bought 6 inch heels.
Its the 13th anniversary of the down town Clarksville tornado... lets hope history doesn't repeat itself!
I'm the only one in my immediate family not in Utah.
RT : . - are keyboard shortcuts really that difficult to implement? (Amen!)
Happy bday to former STL Blue Wayne Gretzky! Thx for the heads up
FUCK and I sold her vinyl like last week!
Got my car out of the driveway! :D
I got like an hours worth of work on the outside...Then workshop lockdown!
thanks.....was a blast as usual
Next stop.. Bayside! Going to see Lauren!
College football makes everything OK. NFL doesn't do it for me like it used to.
My phone is at 12% I refuse to leave this couch
Sucks that I am a power seller and can't log in to my account. When I call eBay they can't tell me why. Excellent. Super.
What's everyone drinking tonight??
When you replace your car window, all of your neighbors will come up and tell you a "better" method and cost you hours of time.
hashtag you never want to have to use. RT
I plan on remaining in complete denial that's 30 rock will ever end
Someone with video editing skills and access to #NBA footage should make a JaVale McGee goaltending highlight reel at years end
Lookbook has some amazing creative fashion but the captions don't make sense
"She can't say no if her head is missing" -
I'll believe with you.
check your DM
trying to get into the senior lipdub as a sophomore because yolo
Hi! My name is Kate. Collections Management Assistant from Tufts Health Sciences Lib!
RT RT : Attack on Marine Life Protection Act #MLPA loses in SD court. Thanks 2AG bit.ly/puDptf
how is this really any different than what us black people went through in the 60's, equal rights for everyone
oh: "will firespinning show up on a polaroid?"
It's been a while since I have tweeted with this account!!(:
yes!!! please do!
T-minus 10 minutes.
Are you kidding me?????
saw you at wanted to grab you to show you my clothes! cant find you now. booth 327!
"What's ur plan? Where's ur 'blueprint'. U show me a house that was built w/o a blueprint - and I'll show U a mess! lol #GET ORGANIZED!"
He's my best friends now :)
with enough wine anything is possible!
Thanks for the invite. Just got back from the river.
I find it hilarious it's clearly taped in Sept. in So Cal when it's like 95 degrees out. They should tape in So Pole : )
I just did a huge Industrial VO for a client in China. In addition to my occasionally incorrect pronounciation, I'm sounding like Alf
"You know you've sold out to The Man when at any point in your day wearing pants is NOT optional." - (via )
We just got our stickers and they look great!
Thanks for the follow MONDRAGON Corp. (enMONDRAGON)! :)
hahaha....in the studio...
Someone play Draw Something with me, please. Zera3 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Q: If money needed for reelection is the root of congress problems, why just attack money? What about term limits, too?
How come when you hear about what ppl said about you, you never hear it from the person who said it????
that is a great one - thanks so much for sharing
On a ghost tour! Tehe
needs to work with online tv stat crew for right score and time
I love you... oh look, I'm still here!
I #missSKCsomuch that I started chanting "you can't do that" to my dog when she tried to eat my shoe
she's good, she just got back from DC on wed. & we good. What bout u & Q?
Carlos is more precious than a little child. :)
Alive n healthy
wait, someone already did that in min hahahaha!
Alexandria Fox in Dupont Circle!
First play in league play is on the line. First pitch will come around 5 p.m. Emily Wolfe pitching for Highland. Kalyn Kamps for Belmont.
I knew that I was secretly a Gen Xer rather than a Millennial (scored 49).
start your own business
Being a responsible adult isn't all I thought it would be before I was an adult
Just saw a little boy give one of the baseball player's girlfriend the foul ball he hit.
Oh and CP3 goes in as well. Wouldn't have any other PG but him.
a bunch of shitty chains. I said the same thing.
wait what??
Happy V-day :)
#sxsw Buildind the NextGen of Innovators kumar gary says "when demo-ing a robot, never let the politician have the controls"
Hit an run
Outside my window, is that the springtime tweeting of little birdies I hear -- in mid-February?
oh okay, and yes thank you!
haha! fun girl talks!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+270C> #again #sleepover love y'all!
aw so cute<3
Not to sound like a conspiracy nut but there's billions of dollars at stake in maintaining ignorance.
might have to make a lil trip to the today
There was nothing "revealing" about the composite girlfriend - he speaks to it in the first edition of his book.
we are all
#Bucks got some new faces on the roster tonight
We've got an office that just opened up; perfect for a startup or small team. Interested? DM us to come by and check it out
yes I love music
What was your favorite toy when you were a kid?
I ain’t as good as I’m gonna get, but I’m better than I used to be. #TimMcGraw <3
Recruiting news always happens when I'm napping. I'll let you know when I take my next nap because that's when Bennett will likely declare.
I think joe budden high as fuck
How great would it be if Magic Johnson bought the LA Times?
I need to setup time to speak with
Waiting in line for MOMA NYC...sans kids!
i kinda can't look at joan rivers anymore. yikes.
Graffiti: "going down on a girl with a shaved cunt is like kissing a guy with no teeth".
"Thank you!" for all the RT's, FF's and Follows :)
Safeway, get your act together and deliver my groceries. It's been 22 hours. If you were an airline you'd have to put me up in a hotel.
Today: "Lady Gaga is great and everything, but I would literally crap my pants if I met Beyonce. I don't even know if she's real."
Are you related to John?
#Dbacks are overdue for a comeback this season. Seemed to happen every other game last season
yes, in May when I can use my right foot again. And I expect we'll share some flatlines for my glorious return, yes?
on my way to the Barbershop
My boyfriend has time to get on facebook,& like other girls pictures but doesn't have to talk to m..#you'recool.
Customer: Waiter! There is a fly in my soup. Waiter: That could very well be sir the cook used to be a tailor.
I want to go visit my family in new York.
#worried about my grades :/
OK, this I gotta know about this.. Tell me about the office copy machine, lease and big repair bills.... please.
Spent the entire day in Chicago, doing touristy things w/my friend from Minnesota! 80 degrees on 3/14=PERFECT
u gone get one lol
Junior Seau's last play was the suicide blitz
Looking for a more secure alternative to dropbox? Take a look at SpiderOak
Be Careful!
Droppin an RnB song on y'all soon...get ready
Think I'm starting to go through withdrawal. Help
Where do you stand on robotics in manufacturing?
If u r talking about fingernails, u r talking 2 the wrong woman If u seen them, u would agree I don't 2 busy running/gym, etc
Ordered my CSA share today. I'm going to be more of a madisonian in Illinois than I ever was in
parking tickets are $125? Ohh I think I will stick with riding the train when I come 2 town. No car rental 4 me.
Yes-LOVED! What is timetable for 3rd? Haven't heard...
Give it time... Must admit I was tempted to sign up for an accnt when the app became available for Android. Now I'm glad I didn't.
Saw a man dressed as a woman today at a Texas road house interview... #thinkyou'llgethired?
éropastale is my store
Merry Christmas Everyone!
hey! i just met you at northgate mall! please follow me and repost this!!! :D its my dream! lol jk jk you are awesome!!! :D
The way to win my heart is take me out to sea and watch the sunset. Most romantic way to show your love.
i did what u said teendistrict
now its raining. nevermind
#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore gypsies cut out our tongues
If you follow me, thank you so much, however you might not
How does a girl get one of those famous sightings? Not only has it been WAY too long but I have an fun idea for an OMC feature.
Owen Wilson Leaves Comedy Behind For &#39;The Coup&#39; | NextMovie
I do.
The 20/20 interview with Pat Summitt airs tonight on ABC at 10:00 pm ET. We hear it's a "must-see."
Arrieta hits 96 on the radar but walks Carroll
Thanks for the follow will tweet the subject pre and post the discussions
When a teacher makes you read and your voice is half gone <<<
enjoying a day off
RT - 6/28/1974 At Cleveland, #Indians Leron Lee crashes into #RedSox catcher Carlton Fisk, knocking him out of the game.
To LIVE is really to DiE to everything you think you should have - Jeannette Tyson Gregory
I was having a nice patio lunch until the bitches beside me ordered chips... It should be socially acceptable to bitch slap loud eaters.
hey babe I was jw when you're postin the next chapter ? :)
just told me very animatedly how she lost her power button but she found the volume keys
On my way to cover an event in Balboa Park for Latinos who are making a difference in their communities.
thank you Doll. Exactly (literally) what I've been saying.
you look like Ken hairline!!! and his tiny ass hippie shirts! BOOM!!! lol
My eyes make pictures when they are shut. -Samuel T. Coleridge
Page 117 (under current numbering) is the most insane page I have ever written. I almost feel sorry for readers. No, I don't.
it's the case of the Cuban mom remedy!
Good morning, Robert! I wanted to touch base with you about Would love to chat if you have a few minutes today!
My commencement speech to Liberty Univ: Your hatred makes Jesus cry. congratulations on the degree!
Your MOM...... April fools! Haha! No I'm not
Bizarre ER is my favorite show in the WORLD x
Sunday, Bloody Sunday indeed!
Hey thanks Kristin! :)
Going out on the boat and innertubing!! :) what a perfect day for it :)
We know... RT I need my shopping friends to tell me where I can get an ugly Christmas sweater?! I know y'all know..
He's Movin!!!
MONDAY IT IS!
Holtby is the only person keeping the Caps alive. How they have a lead is baffling! Keep it up HOLTBY!!!
I was sold last year! Go #Pacers!!
Welcome to Ruby, Lawrence Rowe!
If u think bullying makes you look cool your wrong!
agreed! I see some of my friends kids on prescriptions that they don't really seem to need.
awesome thanks for the heads up!!
Going fishing? Patrick’s Towelettes fit right into your tackle box as alternative bait to keep the sun away from your skin!
true revolutionaries are guided by strong feelings of love. saw that on your FB page. and yes!!
Poll: what aspect of #photography would you most like to learn about? What questions do you have?
its kool :) maybe next time it was fun tho.. all the Falcons girls plus young jeezy stopped by !!! ill be at Halo this friday
Or at least speak ABOUT you? RT Everyone - if you don't trust them to speak for you why let them work there
I think I saw Khloe in the stands, but she was cheering for the
lol it's Saturday night.
Q3. Best meal "on the go"
If I can accept others, this will help them to be more truly themselves, And they will be more able to accept me
I need spring break!
Our unapologetic, blatantly unscientific poll on our live blog has Santorum, Romney and Paul tied at 33 percent. What do you think? Post...
Thank you Texas A&M and NITLE for making today's #MLA2012 #dhcom workshop possible!
Really need 2 go 2 sleep but I wanna stay up 4 u.... #sleepy tweet!
Hey hey hey How are you sis?
please elaborate.
Since you used to harass me aren't you going to be 25 this year?! When are you graduating?! ;)
Few things turn me on as much as watching our local news men apply Clinique powder before going on air. So hot right now.
Who has good scar remedies? Cut my leg in multiple places when I stepped into an open pool filter. No stitches but it's quite the gash.
Thank you for being such a great group! I learned a lot from you this morning and congrats on your progress.
me and my buffalo SABRES are gonna win the stanley cup ya ya ya!
The East Village is so bourgeois
The audition went well today... I made em laugh =] Now we wait... =]
proud 2know u
Yes here on "official" visit with Chamber of Commerce. Unfortunately no biking for me here. But love the city vibe.
WHAT A GREAT WEEK! THE WHEELS ARE UP AND I'M FLYING!!!
You're very welcome. We love your work!
What songs do you guys want to hear us play on the road?? Tour dates will be posted this week!!
yah sorry. Misinformed by datpiff. I got excited at first
Car crash at Raymond Road near Tawhee Drive now a fatal. MPD confirms a Madison man in his 40s - the only person in the car - has died.
. Just chatting w friend abt historic stdnt lang #fails, like it's a doggie dog world, taking smtg for granite, peaked my att.
Paint roller, paint brush or paint gun--which do you prefer?
Man... SMH I have a massive headache and Cedar Point Sucks!!
": With Illinois teams bring shut out of the NCAAs, I'm rooting for my Cheesehead neighbors, Marquette and Wisconson!"
- you're a good brother Wess. She'll at least have the game on at the church right?
If you can live a lifetime in a dream, can you dream forever in a night and live forever in a lifetime of dreams?
yes come see me, I miss you too! Are you in Portland?
I wish she would have. She is such a legend but so happy for Erika Slezak.
Goodnight tweets!!!
RT : RT : #astd2012 @ johnkao Innovation is creativity with a purpose, it's about a change in the existing order
where on earth do you find these...??? You must have WAY too much time on your hands :)
If I was a panelist at #ULI suburban conf, I would talk about #ArrestedDevelopment model home and how it impacted suburbia.
I have the utmost faith in this team. But I just don't know how a team could come back and win after this kind of loss. Wow.
On May 19th join millions of women as we "GO Beauty! Go Natural".#GOBEAUTYGONATURAL..more info at ..#RETWEET!!
No problem neighbor!
hope you score a hat trick tomorrow!
RT : #cybermonday = install the pungle.me app and get shopping! Retweet for
right? Funny how twitter fades time.
Life is good when you see the good in life
Happy National Chocolate Covered Cherry Day! It's the sweetest day in January!
RT : Cook tosses scoreless 8th inning to set Oakland #Athletics record for consecutive scoreless innings to start a season (18.2)
Ray Charles. Yea.
its been 2 days without eyeliner....its the weekend i think im going to go back to my regular self.
What's Julianne up to? RT : Huge week for the Moore brothers. Sterling saves the day in Foxboro, and E'Twaun's making it rain.
Thanks, Theo! :) RT : Thanks and for a great presentation!
STILL ON FOLLOW LIMIT D: SO SORRY GUYS
You said u married him for the money and u became a 6 figure women over night,so thats real reason I fuck with u.#must be the money
I saw you too!
Labor, Camp 4 reports expected - Santa Maria Times
Learn lots in Detroit!
Thanks for the RT!
How the hell do u not have guys bangin down yo door
well! what an genius idea!!
Never give up on anybody. Miracles happen every day...
I called your phone to tell you this, but then realized your phone was here despite just having that email convo. FAIL.
2nd half starts soon!
Nothing like a little morning #yoga followed by a nice
Chris when are you coming to Vegas?
Just realized that if you watch jaws backwards its about a huge shark that throws up so many people, that they need to open a beach.
Today is Free Coffee Friday, No purchase required. Have a great day! :-)
Fruits,vegetables, and water is a good 3 day diet.
Some things are just moving too slow. This needs to change.
Need a laugh? Try www.freekshowradio.com
realistically, they'll be competing for recruits against vermont, umass-lowell, umass, and those schools, not BC, BU, or UNH
I know, you missed me :) You should have come over after your 5k on Friday :)
where are you?
Please be patient with us as we try to resolve everybody's issues regarding line ups for the Cru De Gra event.
the market at U & 14th is opening on Saturday too. I've never been to that one. Might have to check it out.
Call me "mr make it work"
Of course it's interesting! It's my baby. ;-) I guess I'll have to see how it goes when I start getting feedback. Thanks!
Bed 4 in morning is early
I can hear Monday morning whispering "go fuck yourself" into my ear.
thank you Martin Wind, Jas Walton, Andreas Klein. Playing with you today at Blue Note was a treat.
thanks for retweeting me! Just made my day!! I would love for you to follow me :)
My favorite London bookstores are and the Shop.
I missed 's twitcam:( I'm so depressed. He hasn't replied to one of my comments in like 4 months . This is depressing.
RT : Covering the Sunset-Centennial football game in #Gresham for tonight.
I wish I could see on :P I love that show and it would be awesome to meet #BleuJesus. I'm an actor, too, Bleu!
hey Aaron! How about a retweet for my wife passing her board exam today! :)
"there is an opportunity for everyone to do something, no matter how small" Marika of
Walking Dead Game Sells One Million Copies Telltale Games' game based on the The Walking Dead has been well-received by gamers. The first
lmao, you & i both know you still wouldn't have gone.
when u left he was like "was it something I said?" Lol
Tip of the Day: Brush your teeth when you first get out of bed in the morning and before you go to bed at night.
We'd prefer to think of it as a romantic comedy!
:And at Tna they let the Ladies Wrestle,Gail Kim actually doesnt sit in the Locker room..what a joke lol
#nw 1987 NBA dunk contest. M.J. leaner is nasty!
oh ok killer
Good morning from West Bend. Waiting for snow flakes to fall.
"Been awake for some days now. No time for sleep. If your heart is a pillow, this love's the bed" - <3
hey. When are you back to this side of the world?
My favorite C++ language feature is "being difficult enough to keep the Ruby hackers out"
Hi, yourself! What state are you in at the moment?
Holy twitter bot spam, batman!.
At People's assembly st water st about 500 here
. even better, he claims to have a heart problem!
"Hey everyone, come see how good I look!"
That one girl that tries to dribble through 5 people , but always fails
Are sock garters a hipster bridge too far?
i need more followers ladies follow me only if ur hott n sexy
There we go, baby!!!!
A prat is in actual fact, a pregnant goldfish. Prat = obnoxiously making bad decisions (at least in the UK anyway)
Special welcome to clerks and judges attending training at the CCB this weekend. Thanks for your service!
I love my nephews <3
I guess its time to buy a pair of flats to keep at your desk!
Happy Mother's Day
Why do villains in movies, etc always have cats on their laps? Are cats evil? I don't think so.
I love how i'm the only admin that posts on here anymore...I'm seriously thinking of deleting the page. -Sam<3
Bosh needs to stop being a whoosey and get his ass on the court.
Use of IE6 is going UP in China because so many people buy second-hand computers.
Just got done cutting the grass in jeans and a sweatshirt. I'm sure my ass smells less than delightful
hey waz up :)
Haha carl edwards. Black flagged love it
Karma (noun): The universe's self-balancing mechanism activated when one brags to a neighbor that one's baby sleeps through the night
thanks so much<3
if JoePa's family is on twitter watching this. I feel bad for them too. ;)
If states would bear the burden of it's crime,maybe they would rethink excessive LE #CreatingCrime Its cheaper to heal people?
hope everyone enjoyed my performance last nite at soundclash..thanks fa da chance and fa da hypeness of walls.lol
Logic 9, you are mine. I can't wait to finish these finals, graduate, and have time to work on music again.
#MUSICNEWS One Direction announce 2013 US tour
Yeah, that's why what happens to you has to happen. Because you're a bad person.
It's time! Monday 5:45a
The other "@" was to tagg you in it too
$1 Point Beers and $1 Bombs at Crisp Pizza tonight! 1323 E Brady
in the middle of niner & raider country home of SB-NFL MVP Aaron Rodgers NoCalifornia
Well, at least that was only a few minutes. Still makes troubleshooting AJAX a drag when your entire provider goes spotty.
Aw, man. Now I'm hungry.
Soo, I need to get on here more(: starting now!
I already answered ur ques. MB is MB, no matter where, and MB members do not live by boundaries. MB support for terror is global.
Awesome! Let us know if you need anything further!
Im glad I deactivated my facebook
I wonder how history will view those who still actively oppose marriage equality...
can't believe i will be shopping for Christmas presents soon, so fun :)
So is telling me to be quiet when I'm using my 12inch voice but she's in there blasting the Free Willy soundtrack at 12am!
Tired wish I could stay home :/ school in a little bit
Chaos vs organization: Play groove to a click and every 8 bars go nuts with playing over bar line. Try to land back on the click.
you never mentioned they have a TS up there. Pretty cool, did you get your usual?
actually all in our venues, probably mixed in w beach life. Big Polo event this coming week
I need an alarm clock for my birthday -__-
right? Been way too long.
so again.. a vacation from school went by faster than i wanted it to..
Something is bothering me..
Happy Leap Day! What are you doing with your extra day this year?
I miss my mom so much. I just want the school year to end so I can go visit her. I'm dying here. I just can't
Excited to hang out at #vatorsplash tonight! Sounds like good times!
You're not fit to hold up Schroeder's shorts.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. ~Herman Cain
Seahawks picking at 15. Please don't spoil it Twitter...
Enjoyed the Meyer story. Heading to 'gate x2 next month for nephews graduation then '82/Thirteen reunions.
Breaking in a new 27" monitor w/ the final in Dubai. Great match. 3-3 in second, Murray down a set vs Fed.
America, we don't need to spend another $450 billion on more false promises from Obama. My job plan $0.00 cost to taxpayers.
I'm amazed by this "where's the challenge" line of thought. you think average users want "a challenge" when booting a PC?
The special offers have been extraordinarily lame lately. It had such promise when it first came out. :(
First day of my last year of school before BA graduation!!!!
you guys rocked it tonight- merci
awesome first day in l.a. in an awesome hotel and it was perfect out so i just chilled poolside. but tonight....let the party begin!
we don't have fans, we have family. :) thank you all
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing customized homes around San Antonio TX.
Just found out Caterpillar is piloting retail apparel stores
another TW victory!
Checking emails..
It's an awkward moment when you realize your 2 best friends no longer live in America.. Thank god for
Testing testing testing!
It ain't no sin if you crack a few laws now and then, just so long as you don't break any.
I think I lost my NightbirdsTM shades somewhere at my place of employment. I hope whoever's face they wind up on isn't a total square.
happy birthday to you
I'm sleepy as hell worked all day now I'm gettin my kids settled n 4 the night n I'm going to bed
Lil GIRLS tell lies, but REAL women tell tha truth because they have NOTHING to hide C:
Create cards with digital photos, free event, computers provided for use! Thur May 3, 5-6:00 PM, Superior Middle School
Nice article in about 10 year anniversary and grants. Good stuff!
I wish I lived in the 1930 and 40s.
Noted. Again. Thanks.
I have always wanted to just have casual sex with you at least once....
That awkward moment when you're doing weird stuff, then you realize someone was watching you.
Dave : This is the Master bedroom which is actually Austin's room.. Austin : *throws football* YEE *lands on bed* gosh he's adorable <3
bung bung bung
Finding Twitter to be sort of an annoyance. I mean, do I care that someone is going to have sushi tonight?
However,if u clumsily come across my path on the street, I might have the urge to step on my gas pedal. Just sayin'.
nah, not signing up, myspace virus? for real??
Consultants, tell Austin, the parking lots that used to be les Amis, Liberty lunch, et al I say hi! Hope aapc as fun as eeyore's bday!
got ya! I'm going Friday night! Let me know if you go! :-)
#100thingsihate Not having a freshly poured pint of Guinness right now.
I love u Calvin...lunch when I get home!! Taking off
Hasn't yours been that way haha:)
YOU ARE SO BEAUTIFUL. CAN YOU HELP ME GET IN SHAPE ALSO.
Tonight! I'll be dancing at Lyon's Weir Project Space 157 7 ave (20th St) from 6-9 in a free avante garde performance! Come out and support!
oops. It is Orange Cnty that is below 25% and should be the lighter color. The other below 50s should be the darker color.
Dear Sun, I am so confused! The always accurate weather man said you were off till Monday!
Good Morning...
Thanks for the tweet! :)
be jealous. I had ravioli for dinner
Rest in peace David. 42 years wasn't enough.
Thunder guard James Harden has shot at making Team USA's beard-growing event at the Summer Games in London.
sometimes I'd rather make someone else happy then make myself happy...
Sorry for the delay you are welcome to go tour website elenacollectionusa.com or send us and email for a more detail price.
I'm excited to go to the gala this evening. Will you be there?
On August 19th is my ex bf's bday i wanna ask him to go see the new moviee Fright Night that cums out on his bdayy buh idk if ishould ask..?
Thats it..David Caruso totally convinced me saying this with a dramatic pause makes the most ordinary words twice as intense..Now i just
Wow 4 unanswered goals by ND in 6 minutes...
Dinner at mom's tonight :-}
shiz i know right?! :o
Hairlink.co would like to welcome its new members and advertisers. Visit us and join at www.hairlink.co
"There is one thing stronger than all the armies of the world, and that is an idea whose time has come." - Victor Hugo (via )
Pimping ain't easy... Unless if you are
awh that sucks... So what arts have you trained in though before your injury?
I'll check my inbox.lol
haha we just think its funny... and i will next time
“: wooi thats wats up we ready.. " -we always ready!
Hey June, get ready to get BANANAS!
solo watching Like Water for Chocolate Como Agua Para Chocolate; see why Common named one of his albums after this movie; passionate!
Photo shoot
I gotta take that back after this weekend .
or he got a vasectomy. or she got her tubes tied. do those count as contraception?
That's a relief! How is she feeling?
What time the bank open??...cuz got a big deposit to make
Greg Dobbs, professional hitter
Add some joy to your timeline
Beau <3 :D
Yowsa! Real traffic in paradise today...
YAY!! Great movie! Best part is Hugh Grant dancing. Well...one of the best anyway:-)
follow back please??
Pumpkin Cup Cakes!!They are awesome.Have one with a cup of Black Mamba and you have perfection.Dave is roasting again today.So we mean Fresh
I ALWAYS want tacos.
Thanks for the RT today & happy holidays
Got a call from a coworker's mother verifying our address as she was sending flowers to her daughter. Sweet!
There is talk in the office tonight that I might be getting a blog set up till my high-tec website is up.. I vote yes!
Cutting sugar out of my diet, so naturally I bought candy to break a $20.
your new cover photo on the facebook page is sick! you sexy beast you
signs and the workplace?
text me.
yes please :) ill let you know when i get my work sched for it.
Omg. #BachelorNation... Y'all getting #VeneerOverload? Because I am!
its empty, where is the boy?
Use Tivity to try something new this year! What kind of Tivity are you going to join in 2012?
Overnight, a wicked Twitter randomly unfollowed hundreds of ppl I've been following. Checking out and follow you guys right back.
Launch campaign - Megan cooks - Bob Bies sees brussel sprouts and tweets - Adam gets in on the act - people like on Facebook - Megan wins!
Harper's first AB a simple 1-3 ground out on a 2-1 pitch.
just finished 'The Historian'. Makes you want to travel on a hunt for vampires, just to stop at these locals to eat!
uploading a new song from my EP sometime this week
good to hear:) & I'm sat with my friend trying to hide my twitter:') you?<3
O, can you show me? I'll update my post and give you credit!
Meh. Got my whole room packed. Now, only the rest of the house to finish -_- #can'twaittobedoneandmovedin
Delayed flights wouldn't be so bad if I wasn't at LAX, North Americas most boring airport
Bwhahaha. Reading is sweet is my favorite!
Thanks! Only took forever...
Why is it that when one bad thing happens, most of the times it's followed by a shit ton of other bad moments?
that picture sure brings back memories. Good old BHMS.
Hear ye hear ye!!! By royal proclamation of ye olde castle group all tweets will now be presented in ye olde english
I certainly love now(:
Nothing terribly scientific. Current poll #s; makeup of electorate; relative strengths of candidates & campaigns.
#VATech to hold a news conference at 4pm
Lmao, my mom was mowing the grass and she took a step back and she fell in the bushes !! :D im so mean for tweeting this :D
Deux dunks back to back de Paul Pierce le genou va mieux.
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again, only this time more wisely. -Author unknown
via many people, the gallery of photos is really marvelous. (With surprise guest star, Edgar Allen Poe.)
Thanks brother! Please spread the word & pick the album! Get at me : Just listened to a few of your songs they are pretty sick!
Thank you for the follow! Cheers!
Creepy Pete pushing the creepy limits something fierce these days.
Elevators never weird-ed me out until watching on GA last night. I think I'll take the stairs from now on.
We have little urge to conserve animals with warts, bow legs, wrinkles (except for elephants), irregular teeth or a habit of drooling. (1/2)
i love that song :)
Do you want to see a perfect relationship?......... Watch a movie -.-
Hahahah idk!!! I just assumed so! Unless, you murder someone. HANNAH DID TOU MURDER KATIE?!
Life gives answer in 3 ways. It says Yes & gives u what u want, it says no and gives u something better, it says wait and gives u the Best!
Thanks We have been following for some time now...powerful, simple, brilliant, truthful.
That is Where My heart is !
I'm hungry with nothing to eat
Good job
wait a min .
RT : Hepner: National Sales Tax would raise taxes on 80% of American families. Guess which 80%?
I'm ready as well Steve...let's get it poopin!!!
Just curious. What's the current record for men's shot put? Thanks!
Does anybody else wonder if Adele exaggerates??
Good Morning! Long travel day...Fredericksburg; San Antonio; Austin and then home!!!! Want to be home for the White Christmas thats coming!
"Paris Is at Her Best in May" -- Charles Aznavour, composer
I only had two, but there was so much I had to do for one guy. I was working on his stuff for hours.
I don't have your number lol
haha got to do whatever it takes
newboult how are you? Where's my follow, mini me?? Xx
ugh creep
you’re a bit late on the
heard you're slackin again today....nice
before i die i want to audition for a tv show or movie or commercial
There was a fire drill this morning and Mrs. Ward had us watching a movie and she didn't even notice smh
Now that Parker is over... Bring on #AAOS in San Fran!
Happy Caramel Day!
I'm really in the mood for CUPS!!
"Hey Udoh ? Don't throw it that hard at Udrih !" while watching tonight's / game. Classic.
no problem, and great to meet you!
Was caught in the torrential rain during my walk home so I decided to splash around for awhile. New York smells so clean!!
AWWW , im walking home alone today i suppose, and im guna be alone for fourth period /:
I'd rather walk alone than play your supporting role.
And...I'm the girl who begins to weep gently during Kung Fu Panda 2.
A good customer centric company uses #SoMe to listen to consumers needs and interests.
We miss ya in our club! :-) RT : I miss the gym
i lost a great follower today... sigh but not gonna unfollow her because like i said she's great. yep its terrah
Live Your Life Like It Is Not Like Someone Else
Bet it's gonna look cute.
Congrats Gregg Popovich, Coach of the Year! Well deserved!!
Nihilism is generally misunderstood.
you are a fun person to talk 2 NO HOMO
Im sleepy as hell riqht now
Brand wars on FB page: don't take it off page, don't delete, adds energy to fire. Community might self-regulate.
Watching CBB: Kentucky vs LSU on
Cositah! I love you :) I love you so much ^-^
I may wanna spend every single day with my boyfriend but if it makes me happy I don't see a damn thing wrong with it.
THE DREAM OF THE 90'S IS ALIVE IN PORTLAND
BEYOND EXCITED FOR #BELIEVE! omgomgomg
Roses r red,Violets r blue,U hav a problem wit gay marriage?Who in the world r u? RT 4 everyone who want 2 be 2gether on V-Day, but can't. <U+2665>
i'm listening...fortunately the phones are quiet..a pile of invoicing though :(
What? I didn't get any images from that site.
The first of four elections take place today. Should be interesting to see the outcome.
I will be at the Scripps Ranch Forum, tomorrow, June 2nd at 6pm. I have ideas that will correct the problems of our current District.
Weird how the mall looks like it has weekend numbers before 7am
Craig Venter pointing out how badly we allocate $ for scientific research. Problem is cultural.
Dinner I am thinking about ground turkey, brown rice and broccoli...
ive been following you for avout 2 weeks. But u havent followed me.
Got a gig at The National Underground on Broadway in Nashville on Feb 7th at 9:00. See you there...
its futile to try to read with this fever. i can't remember what happened the page before. laying in bed listening to dvorak drinking tea.
Rome is planned, Florence is planned now on to Tuscany, Venice and Milan!
Why am I in class when there are 4 tournament games being played?!?
we rise & grind!!
Niall Horan is Amazing RT if you agree <3
hey thanks! RT : The Boston Pops is SUCH a good show
Heading to the gym, then lunch with my trainer BFF, Jermaine! Gonna suggest Bahama Breeze Restaurant on Pleasant Hill! My fave joint!
heey(: Nothing much you?
I seen money turn niggas to weirdo
next week
We update condition of Fmr VP Dick Cheney and 21 year old Arlington woman shares the story of her heart transplant w on News4
No Message exist in your products advertisement list.
2 global centers of intensely concentrated luck
The avatar is in memory of my mother Olla Mae Kyles-White who would be turning 66 today. Happy Birthday Mom. I love you :-)
You know it girl!!!!
naw man I've been hitting the gym shit I might cut down more over there
Fuck this conversation.
Let's go Chen!
going home then collapsing on the couch...just like a lot of the Sporting players I suspect...of course I've been sitting on my ass all day.
Let's help our friend and ally Japan in its time of need. That 8.9 quake was one of their worst ever
There's nothing like watching a buck-teethed old lady take a big gulp from a bucket of orange juice, then burp & say, "I gotta take a wiz."
My mom has a casting call for an agency >.< Lucky Bitch !!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Rural Montana religious colonies fight labor law - KFVS
It's a beautiful morning here in 66 land! Everyone have a great weekend! Send us your pics if you're out on Route 66!
Found out I failed my chemistry test last period and when I'm home, tweets me. Thanks for turning my frown upside down! Lol
plus he made sure all his bandmates are no more than 5'5"
Just finished writing my last articles for SD Pets; decided to hold for next issue for more space to cover CCI/service dogs story!
and the random bloody nose returns...
BUCKLE UP FOR SAFETY MOTHER FUCKERS
One Direction, I have 5 fingers, enough for 5 wedding rings.
Art Walk begins at 7pm tonight. Don't miss in the 4141 Building and all the other great exhibits.
Summer: be here now, plz.
*raises hand*
Bang out till your brain is loose, remember that I'm like this thanks to you.
A RACE TO FIND A CURE FOR CANCER!!! #sillygoose <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+008D>
I love to write with a black
#SometimesIWonder how Spongebob can live in a pineapple but have perfectly strait walls inside . . . .
fantastic baby is my song at the moment
how can we get ur older original music on iPod format??
now up talking about dropbox
Hey - Haven't seen commentary from you lately. Hope you are well.
Who would have thought Trey Parker and Matt Stone would ever make it to and sweep the Tonys
i used to live in #NovaScotia thats why i asked.
not forgotten.....picked em to finish last in East
Dear neighbors I can't stand your stinky smoking. Bo (I am a former smoker nearly 20 years. Almost 2 years smoke free.)
Def Hope everyone gets GLC's New album in stores tomor!!!
speak the TRUTH Nina!! :)
Looking like another Carter late night. I need sleep.
time to start training.
Cincy's a good town. Good ballpark. Venture out of downtown a bit an you'll find a few very cool neighborhoods.
“: When you're mad at someone you love, be careful what you say because your mind gets angry but your heart still cares.”
rehearsal. Getting ready for Jackson this weekend!
@ jimmyblake Thanks - looking forward to your visit here next week!
Gingerbread Train Photo Contest ends TOMORROW. Grand Prize B&O Family & Friends Membership (valued at $125)!!
Thank's to all of Our SNOCLOTHING Follower's!!! www.SNOCLOTHING.com
how often is the open mic on monday
Slovenia to raise takeover threshold to 33.3 pct - Reuters
you were amazing on please come back again
What are two goals you have for your business this year?
RT : I don't get groups of sober people. Especially after 5pm. I mean -- just what the fuck are they trying to do?
Appreciate the RT blessing~ enjoY your Thursday! \o/
Certainly not on Palm Sunday, geez.
but unlike Trot or Maoist sects, we don't think these figures formulated a model to be followed in every historical situation
When You See My Friends is available on iTunes now. :') getitgetit
Jon from Oklahoma says All is well.
Will Kimler, #Darwin biographer, will make Frank #Zappa fit the history of #science this morning on Mystery Roach #WKNC 88.1
Once Upon a time #WhenIWas13 I used to stuff my bra :,,,,(
RT : My 1st review! "Social commentary and familiar tropes make [Modelland] an enjoyable guilty pleasure."...
Fittingly, OPERA is grand. Easily one of Argento's best
How goes it?
I understand what you are saying.. fatigue is the worse -
Instagram: Yes, I like to take pictures on inanimate objects too.
BAHAHAHAHAHA!(; ME=GIBBY.. ALL DAY, ALL NIGHT!(;
Shit will never be the same no matter how good it gets....Theres no trust.
Still readin MAM applications - great prospects but startin to go a bit
I wanna see!! (: link me up girl!
Sorry. They have them in the vending machines on campus & it looked good. :P
There is also a "Paranoid Park". Related? RT I think I saw Punishment Park...oops, wrong movie, same title :)~
mistakes are worth making.
You doubting me is my biggest motivation
Old friend from high school in town for the weekend. Great to see her, time to recover before the work week.
"Do you not see the logic of my plan?" "Yes, but it just seems so heartless."
RT : amendemant has been made to the trade. Nuggets now also getting Kosta Koufos from Minnesota.
"Stinkin' hungry?" come down for our AWESOME Live Jazz brunch going on now!
just drew a nice picture:)
did u take any pics
yes! How do we do that?
are you coming to Indy?
going back to an ex is like taking a shower and putting on old gym clothes...just not worth it and you just gotta shower again
thanks for the return. ;)
Agreed. This is my favorite time of year. I love those trees.
About to eat Greek Chicken and corn on the cob. I'm pretending its warm and summer-like!
at halftime the Jam are down 47-44... leading scorers for the Jam are Trey Johnson (11), Pattillo (9), and Butch (9)
Mobile twitter changed. I like it.
I lived life fine before you. But now, i cant imagine life without you.
You are now part of the fan club... Congrats and enjoy every episode!
moving through the day. not too bad.
#MarchMadness continues! How are your brackets holding up?
Woodfish hosting all day, all ages, Lake Fest 2010 outside deck party overlooking Lefferts Lake @ The Buttonwood Mannor in Matawan, July 25
RT I'm selling my Lollapalooza tickets for face value. Any Chicago tweeps want a pair of 3-day passes? DM me.
Dinner Special Option #2:Seasoned slices of chicken or beef gyros over rice pilaf w/ Spanakopita, dolmas, soup or salad & Pita w/ tzatziki
The number of Toms are outnumbering Chucks.
for real? Fuck off dude..
Thanks for the random follow. (:
Men take care of your kids... don't handicap your babymama tell that hoe get a life better yet get a career #singlemotherblues I'm going in!
Patron: Aren't you bored? Me [surrounded by reading material & looking at a heckish March program schedule of 9 different events]: Wha-at?
LET ME BUSS A NUT ON YO FUCKIN FACE!!
I just saw someone go into albertsons as i was trying to park that looked like M and he just glared at me for no reason lol
"I've learned there are two things you shouldn’t waste your time on: things that don’t matter and people that think you don’t matter…”
Today's Flatbread: Bacon, Chicken, onion, tomato & pink peppercorn creme Soups: Broccoli Beer Cheese or Watermelon Gazpacho
Two people completed 160 oz Prime Ribs for the Travel Channel's Food Paradise today. Awesome!
Your welcome.
100 followers by tonight??? Can we do it?
thanks for the follow! You're gonna have a blast with these workouts! They're hard but very rewarding at the end :)
me too!
Listening to Sunday night slow Jams is the best thing to relax or to just think of those good moment and the bad moments
“: "For you I'd wait, til kingdom come. Until my days, my days are done."”
Im about to cause a seen ub this tjmaxx! For a fucjing $5 picture frame! Yes!
if you need any logs, I'm on gtalk. ;)
RIP Richard Clark... Enjoy the eternal band stand. Thanks for everything.
I'm not tha type to kiss ass, I juss dgaf!
"Best PIO in Nevada " said Councilman Smith. we agree!
Ugh, I wish the mail would get here already so I can watch the new Twilight I netflixed
hope u read the letter I gave u and follow me <3
I don't handle pain well so was just wondering about that.
Just crushed an 18 of Coors. Meeting Budmayr at the Outer Limits to discuss his game management...
they are ha
I tweeted sneak peak instead of sneak peek this morning. we're even. i is a good spellar.
B true 2 yoself &be less concerned with what others think of u Don't accept their definition of U,but grow in2 a self definition of yourself
A measly $5 can turn into a fat piggy bank. Get the lowdown by sending an email to
Tbh I wanna cry right now
It's soo fucken annoying wen you know your meant to be with somebody n some bitch keeps saying he's my future husband like no bitch stfu!!!
ready to go home B**&((
today has been very dreary and boring<3
Really San Diego? Closing off streets at 6am to prep for Mardi Gras at 6pm? What a waste of taxpayers time and money during rush hour.
5000 more. He snaps w/64 off. He had flopped the nuts. I brick and am home early again.
1st to shake hands, firing up teammates. Classiest post-game I've seen, male, female, alien or otherwise
Right back atcha!
Valentine's day plans? We'll be on the road listening to Rick James, because he knows how to treat a nigga.
Haters are in shock i swear.
GTFI! Super sub!
Working on The Mix all afternoon....Looking forward to BLS @ The Rave tonight!
Die Die Dayenu.
Hahahaha, why you gotta be so mean? Lighten up. <3
ND football lost a freshmen all-american today. 6-6 270 pound Aaron Lynch is going back to FL. Wonder if he'll play for the Canes or UF?
you should be offended those guys are at least 10 or 15 years older than you.
A recent review: "Wow what a nice condo! What a view! We are at the hooks game now, beautiful ballpark! " Kathy Laura
Oh my god, Dominic Brown got me in TEARS!!!!!! I gotta RT that in the A.M so more people can see it lol
I need to go to the art museum but I don't have a car...
Fac. Dev. Session (NW College) biggest mistake - presentation based 1st year: solution: reduce information overload
good feedback. We're working on other options for signing in, thanks for checking it out.
well that crazy eye picture might give me nightmares
Good morning! Still getting some Birthday greetings. Seriously guys THANK YOU!! I love you all.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Yeah. And there are tons of ways to make lit more marketable. It just takes change people aren't willing to make.
« I think i know what song we were listenin to yesterday..or Friday. Beez In The Trap..heard of it?» Y'ALL LATE
Let's go Tribe. Keep this train moving
Come join us for free bingo at 7 tonight!!
"Just one for diner" Welcomed the roadhouse hostess. Cold winter evening
Sentence purposely lost by contrarian: “The twain met, moved in together with tit and tat, work at a company comparing apples and oranges.”
Masters golf fans!!!!!! Tiger is back.
Don't let go
I have been watching you 4 years so happy to finally see you getting the acknowledgements you deserve #hardworkpaysoff <3
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>Single <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>Taken <U+2714>Too busy stalking and being obsessed with Taylor
I love how your BIO say Miami, Florida (:
- I called Tuesday, your VM was full. Sunday boating day inivte, today not biz call. Enjoy the sun.
Tripoli is a great bakery!! What are you getting?
please follow me <U+2665>:)
Thanks for the #FF! Happy Friday!
THE COUNCIL tonight at Bus Stop from 9 to close. Me, Arlo, and Scott will bring musics, Rodney will pour warming booze, you will enjoy.
At my grandma's house...
Stop by the Chamber to discuss membership OR give us a call at 937-6100. Ask for our President, Sue Thomas! :-)
.. You guys are amazing <3 GOD BLESS YOU.
It's i hate men day:) haha i like it
Awh, you sweet. (:
Heading to Catfish Row tonight! Can't wait to see and the rest of the cast!
33 pitches so far
She like u remember
Hey, Vince... was in last week's episode--- pink dress with a turban-like hat in the restaurant. Another soon.
A friends with benefits ...might have to start lookin for that instead
Fantastic Libby! VASM is a wonderful place. Nathan goes frequently ;) Take some cool pics!
will do dude.
Who will get the last #cluncon spot?? YOU?? RT : ONE
AND thomas vanek!
I wish I could put you in a better mood.
Today fucking sucks donkey balls
Quick hits: Miami Dolphins rookie minicamp report
You should, it changes your view on things. Read it so you guys won't think I'm crazy when I talk about it lol
nevermind I can't because you're not following me :( But remember in High School, that guy that creeped on you all the time..?
sick, good for him
Some men focus more on how to get a woman, but once they have her, they lose focus on how to keep her.
My Kaila Idowu acct. was both hacked and deactivated. But, never- the- less>>>>> I'M BACK!!!
tie between Swiss and chèvre :D
I really, really don't like the new #gmail interface
"your not even white you're clear". "the 3 rings to a marriage engagement ring wedding ring and suffeRing".
lmfaooo!! Omg yes ahahahhaha to funny I gotta see it aging nigga ahhhaha that was long time ago damn :-)
did they run a blood test for (late stage) Lyme, btw? It is so common here on MV, so many have it - awful thing.
Love being with all the family
I Only Need 46 More Followers Until I Get To 600 !
It exists but in numbers far smaller than wll ever affect an election.
'Xbox 8'? I do kind of like that name. It's better than 'Durango'.
I didn't feel too bad. Mainly tired.
I think you'll be pleased with the result
Every time I see a tweet I get excited. I hope they announce their return or something about the movie.
I can't wait to see the next muppets movie, "The muppets look for work"
me too. (-: Glad you took part. But sad you didn't come to massage my knee.
BTW where did you discover the instrument museum?
When you're ready just say you're ready.
unless she starts using drugs…
also u only have to worry about northern pike not sharks hehehe
Homework and babysitting tonight, pedis with and her momma tomorrow, and then work c: Fun stuff, bro!
Sweet thanks for the tip Ocho. Now following...
thanks for the follow back :)
ah sweet! san diego..hense my name;)xx
what's your phone number? Or DM me it please…
When I look to your desk during the PM shift, I shed a single tear because I know you are out there, somewhere, having fun.
Hi, cat. Yes please smear your wet-food-covered face on my typing fingers to show your love. Ah yes now lip-smack your fur.
Send video when you bang her.
thank you generous Heather! just signed a joint venture deal with a production company...LGAH soon to be a movie!
anti-aging is another way of saying your pro-death. If you don't get older, you die
Crazy bones.
its not the same in my bed!
#IWishYouKnew Jokes stop being funny when someone is crying.
But you're so hypnotizing, You got me laughing while i sing, You got me smiling in my sleep</3. I need you back, I miss you);
Thank you! Was thinking of you today because it's 68 degrees here--you won't have to leave all of the South behind. ;)
Please No More Tim Tebow Talk! The Horse is Dead!
RT Only 2% of #teachers are black men. How can we advance #racialequity & help more #educatedkids succeed?
[Our blessings] are the gracious gifts of the Most High God, who, while dealing with us in anger for our sins hath [still] remembered mercy.
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps anything with
in all fairness, they are from buffalo. They never had a chance.
And not just suits. They need to be bad ass suits.
To communicate effectively, people need to understand how to apply a variety of methods of communication to the situations they face daily
Happy birthday to the best dad ever!!! Love you(:
These beaches get off on this Dirty Money song they snapped...and yes ima keep talking about this song so what :-P
A OMG OMG E HOOOOJE
Bravo -- Inside the Actors Studio -- Mad Men.
Are we really about to skate through the neighborhood .
Cats must claw a hole in the sofa/box spring to make a nest.
yea once
No, I mean neurotech. TERMINAL MAN is about putting electrodes in an epileptic's brain. Doesn't quite work out.
They are now in fashion and really look sophisticated in their own natural property appropriate for the wedding
everyone stop, two door cinema club is so good
Sure, how do I apply?
A guy who can make a girl laugh, can make her do anything!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Ability can take you to the top, but it takes character to keep you there. Zig Ziglar
When I go shopping for baby stuff I want the father to be as excited as I will be, not depressed
What she order, fish filet? LOL
“: The worst feeling is not being lonely, It's being forgotten by someone you could never forget.”
Look, everybody: 's at
MT : is 1st African-American nominated by major party 4 Lt. Governor. A #wirecall breakthrough.
Now thanks teamwork, goal!
D: omg wheere when and ah.
hei you have msn or facebook or something like that?
Server updates are in progress. We will be back soon.
our website is up and running, took 2 Macs, a Dell PC, 4 cats, Kiki, Lily and some canine pal, plus one Bev and Joey! Check it OUT!!! :D
but there's no custard near their hotel right?
our pleasure!
Thanks for posting that! That's great news!
I leave next thursday anyway. I am going to CT to visit my sister for my birthday
For better or worse?
Angie's right leg has a twitter account!!! It's and it has 41K followers.
I'm curious in the significance; difference between the use of sand verses crayons to draw a picture. I learned something new.
People at my school say people with green eyes have cancer.....THAT'S NOTHING TO JOKE ABOUT !!!
Just had my last music business class with the whole gang. LE CREYS
I'm going to update to 7, but I need to get the Vista restored first then upgrade.
With the Lotus' troubles, concerns are starting to bubble about fielding 33 cars for the Indy 500.
full-moon-melancholia!
Korean Girls Are Really Cool...
Our seismic activity also helps make sure the whole state does periodic "tours". :) See you soon!
haha damn straight shes normal now
What are your plans for the Super Bowl this Sunday? Will you be attending or hosting a party?
RT I'm always the worst when things are the best. I think I'm just afraid of being happy.
Waited til today to do all my shopping. I love trips to the Zoo! 1st stop the bar
Sucks to suck.
Google+ is the gym of social networking: We all join, but nobody actually uses it.
Oh, she'd have full access to pretty much a full kitted-out kitchen if she wanted. It's the one thing I have to offer anyone!
Thanks for helping us celebrate unsung #volunteer heroes,
oh my gosh i can't wait!!
This is the same dope that wanted a trade all year, He's a baby, the NBA is a Joke!!!!
Now faith is being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see. Hebrews 11:1 NIV
There are over 500 business in incubation in NJ biz incubator network. Incubation provides great support for startups.
Yes.., it absolutely counts. Otherwise, I'm fooling myself too. Bouncing counts as leg exercises too!
That would b a heck of an accomplishment. Thought my teams did something with 3 WCAC's & 2 City Tiltles. Robinson's a WINNER.
Just got to show my colleague who , & are on the #ereexpo stream. She says "Hey" guys!
we thought of making something with the name. We were leaning towards a shake. We like to push things a bit!
Sam Kinison and a night away from the x wife!!! Winning
It's just too bad the Caps will never have a 2 goal lead. Ever.
STRICTLY BUSINESS WEDNESDAYS AT MAJOR LEAGUES ... the mingle n networking event u dont wanna miss!!!
thank you that Means alot<3
New Episode Rocked Ur Really CUTE
": words of wizdom?" when the going gets tough, have a TV special and run away from your city
hehe i'm hyper
That's awesome. Kinda in the same boat here, I've been super inspired lately and experimenting again. It feels great.
I encourage every woman to read the book Songs of Deliverance by Marilynn Griffith. :-)
I believe it's working.
TELL ME
I was enchanted to meet you...
I used to... Now I'm waiting for America's got talent, hopefully it'll be good.
Nop O_o but i do have a guy friend his my best best best friend in this world his name is edward :D his awesome O_O n ILH
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BESTFRIEND.
I cant stop what i feel you aint a notch in my belt i aint gonna lie to you girl i want you all to myself <3
Greenberg: The lunch break I was afraid would not end
I know that my heart is joyful , because God is working In me <3
My mom literally always makes me feel like crap is unbelievable...and then she asks why I want to go away to college
next Ticketstock, can you get an ex-Cowboy/drug runner roundtable going with Big Nate and Sam Hurd?
I did my nails with purple marker and shiny base because I had no money to buy new nail polish...Broke ! It looks good thou :)
I love that song! :)
M.I.A
is it too possible to get tweetback from you?
Happy anniversary!
Just got done talking to #oomf about my hoe problems lol.
If I were to send you boys a package, where would I send it? DM me :)
Woohoo! online northwest:best conference ever.
Downloading as we speak Thanks. Have not heard good #daze/#shoegaze in a while. Long while.
"A typical job interview is a conversation between 2 liars." -Search Consultant Claudio Fernandez-Araoz
well I wanna hear his 3 steps on how to keep us. I know that's gon be a mess lol
Thank you! RT : were out of time but I want to answer the relapse question for anyone out there if thats okay?.
Darn uber twitter meant to say but drop down menu doesn't always work
I already follow u lol!
Hood star
Marc gasol is balling out right now
LMAO! I didn't think that sounded right.
Beautiful! Just beautiful. : )
Twits at the LOC
I caught that too! RT : And you changed your username. :-) Tricky!
“: I gotta work he go have to send me the track list” ok I'll let him know... I think he said rehearsal is sat
Smartphone security features primarily focus on protecting the interests of the network operator, not the user.
yes. SM marks intensification -- not invention -- of reflexive impression/identity management.
Me & my lil sis always into it about something, but at the end of the day I love her lil big head ass.
Cant wait till thursday! :D
happy b-day!! Your tweets make me laugh my ass off :)
Watched a woman slap her man because she dropped her own iced Coffee. I watched him dry off and leave her there! Can I get ur autograph man?
'Abdu'l-Bahá is speaking at All Souls Church in the Abraham Lincoln Center.
oh! Who do you think? I think we're on the same page.
I'm still dying.
Events in the Ancient Olympic Games
Shopping in Harvard Square: Those sneakers are cute. Oh, they're $470.
I'd say by the way we all cried our lungs out during Bruised, way too many of us have gone through the same long distance roller coaster.
Such a terrible way to end the #Bulls season on the freethrow line. Can't even believe it. Smdh
All I want to do is not do my homework
He made fun of me the whole time he was fixing it! But he also showed me how to fix it...
Done. Although it looks like the quiet company is quietly kicking your butt.
Southern accents are the epitome of dolor.
I'm glad that Jimmy Howard will never see any play during the Olympics.
Looks like you've had several great months! Good on you. The books look yummy, too!
Man. Awesome time of prayer at ALWC tonight.
Met with another advisee, sent out a few more emails, looked over some paperwork for a service obligation.
#PRAllStars season finale! is my #1 since his season. Time for the judges to get it right!
it hurt to see you cry. I feel like I'm dying slowly seeing ur tears fall...
Congrats to a big win last night for the and a huge performance from !
Just rewatched The Kids Are All Right and liked it way way better w/o the audience at Riv oaks cnstntly laughing to prove how hip they are.
how's the school year started for you?
uhh nevermind...I figured it out.....
I like your blog! I especially loved the Ricardo Tisci post, those photos are absolutely amazing
Lindsay Lohan cries in the Entertainment Bucket. theentertainmentbucket.com
passion...destiny...adventure...dreams...exhilaration
Should have stopped for a bottle of wine on the way home. Someone needs to create an alcohol delivery service. Right ?
this is a sport more than others where players quit to get a coach fired or themselves in a certain city
Pussy like medication for patients.
Good morning! Did anyone see Obama at FAU yesterday? Thoughts and comments are welcome if you did?
The realization that everyone is making it up as they go along, even the ones who look like they have it 'together.'
i'm generally impressed with the grammar on urban dictionary. on average, much better than my fb tl.
squats and lunges....just sayin
omg how the hell can you be a manager? lol
Ima hang this phone up.
Is anyone available for a radio interview with public radio station in LA? Would like to talk asap for our am news show thx!
Tweet Watching!(:
if this video is out there tho, send it my way, you watch first tho.
Awesome! Keep it up. How long have you been producing for?
Codys shooting his #solisten music video shoot
Happy 100th birthday to the OREO (:
Having a good day waiting for iTunes to publish Episode 002!! RT if you're ready
This album has some kick-ass attitude/feeling, and as good/beautiful as the last 2 singles maybe, that spunk is not represented.
Worked for hrs on document from colleague via email. Saved lots, but not 'save as' to documents- are edits in temp file or gone? Can't find!
Jus leaving the lab....
Grass cutting season! Thanks for helping me
Staying up until daylight to play Saints Row 2? I think so.
that way I won't have 2,000 siblings chasing me around.
This series needs to end already.
Dear "madam", if you were an actor they'd call that facial expression "indicating."
Watching Imus on fox biz..
you should think about the interview you have today.. not the fact that cueto is about to get blown up
We're on our way to the show. Hope to see you guys there.
haha I finally made the switch. Bout that time :)
just sent you an email about your blog post "Starting" :-)
Packers,brewers, badgers...lol....
is that how you feel?
I love talking to Siri. Anyone else?
m spurs
just read your book cover to cover... What an inspirational and amazing gem of wisdom! Thank you!
followed! :D RT: FOLLOW ME on VIDDY!!
Woke up with a headache. How the fuck does that work?? Piece of shit body...
I wish a bitch would!!!
good night <3
No, we will def be opening back up! Just remodeling!
We just finished the first stunt - blowing out the back window. Footage looks amazing! Next up: burying the lead actor in mud.
some nice validation there!
Wow. I'm with , I need this.
Buy him a beer; make his year.
Did you have campbells soup this morning? Cause you're looking mm mm good!
very well
Civil Brand is still a tough movie for me to watch...
Hollande: I promised to withdraw combat troops from #Afghanistan by end 2012. #France will support but in different way.
at least you are ranked!
that's where we always tailgate anyways whit!!!
so true, storytelling (oral traditions) used to be our primary source of learning and maintaining the continuity of knowledge
the Truth always finds it's way home
is very pleased by the turnout for the VA Festival of the Book Events. We are at SRO on the first two events. If you love oceans--get here!
No matter the distance. No matter the time spent apart. We will always be the best of friends & our memories will last a lifetime
Vote for Paul George in the dunk contest! #GoDogs!
Whether looking for work or starting a biz - prep yourself by answering a few questions, including "Where do you see yourself in 5 years?"
Awesome! I'll try and check it out :)
M... Sussex is in, Brown Deer and Dretzka are slated for 4-27, and the new Estabrook course is mapped out and in soon. Yay!
oh, well thanks again. Highlight of my day :)
The ultimate TGIF! We'd like to thank everyone that came out last night to our Springfield Healthy Loving class. Good times!
DUDE we are going!!
Just heard We Won't Give Up on , what and awesome song! #Rockin about
Now accepting fan artwork for the new full length record "Here and After". Check the bands Facebook page for details!
Oh you didn't know? Your ass better call somebody!
4 an example of what kind of business man Romney is take a look at his absolutely bass-ackwards prediction of the auto bailouts.
I can go on forever lol
shadowbar as well!
I was going to go but i overslept :(
please send booking contact
we choose 31 or Menchies. you would move into Menchies.
Ask Style: What Are Some Haute Hostess Gifts for Thanksgiving? I 'm going to be a guest at my friend 's Thanksgiving feast this week. Do
Shack on a rock, castle on the sand
H3yy, wh R y0uu dO!nq?" About to throw a dictionary in your face.
Iguodala Stop Shooting!!!
How is the AT&T store ALWAYS busy
As I listen to the ESPN announcers fellate B Harper, I chuckle about how much they'll turn on him when he eventually (reasonably) slumps.
not really. I'm just happy I'm not working Saturday night..;)
I'm not a bad student. I'm not disrecpectful. Don't write refferals on me. Ms.Lenners chose the wrong profession
And smart! A showbiz check bounces faster than any other.
Someday will follow me! #neversaynever :)
this made my day! this is sweet! and i hope you know youre just as gorgeous on the inside and out! <U+2665>
good quote.
#prismlaunch Day - On your mark, get set....GO!
After a year off #freshjamz is back this Friday at Night Light in Oakland me and in the mix.
Would be nice if sms messages would go thru on Sprint in a timely fashion today :/
Okay airport bar. It's a little early for shots, but I'm game.
Happy Holiday Wkend cheese addicts! Don't forget 2 pack suntan lotion, bathing suits, and of course 4 ur wkend getaway!!
i want to get you a kitty so bad now! XD
I think I deserve a nap tho.
I call Big E both :)
you'll never tweet again in this town.
quit lying
Waking up with a shot of Sumatra Lingtong.. Great crema, nice and thick. Big bass notes.
Best recommendations for connecting w/ people in diff industries, even after getting full-time gig you're happy with?
haha, love it! thanks for sharing :)
Royals gotta lead league in soft outs. Caught stealings, bunts, going extra base. Yost devalues outs so much it's laughable
I made it!
Yum! What kind of pizza?
lol I wasn't planning on it but the I couldn't stand to look at my notes anymore without some beer in me.
very cool
Happy Easter weekend to all of the Giants fans out there! God Bless
Suburban areas are less likely into be organized, but when they are they're org around kids
RIGHT HURRRR. *waves*
oh shit. putting 212 on my mom's iPhone. hahaha
#Facebook re-design. So far, exactly ZERO of my friends like this new experience. Lot's of confusion & ranting this morning on my news feed
Congrats. Still not enough for a stadium beer though
U know u know it wont stop
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "SWIM" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
s/o to for the sweater tweet RT s/o to for following me after I tweeted one time about sweaters
Ugh I thinks it is finally time to get a new hair straightener :( I need a good one that won't cost me hella bank! Any suggestions?!
wha you want me to call you? TWITTER ANTS, TWITTER MONKEYS, or TWITTER PIGS?... lol
Thanks, Beth. I'm glad that you liked it.
ya'll misbehaving...i'm sure of it
Margie Haber workshops are life changing! I just got casted as a feature in the film "The Dark Secret!" Thank U Margie for being who U are!
0.2% FUTA surcharge expired 7/1/11. This temporary tax has been extended since 1976. Congress is considering another extension.
What!? It's the greatest marketing strategy ever. Targeting the manly men who only want a 10 calorie soda when raising hell...
I hate it when some girls think they have special rights because they think they're hot.
RT Love had BAC of .14, says medical examiner in #Huguely case. To be a cause of death, it usually has to be at least .40.
Masonic imagery in this old painting in class. Just dropped a jewel. No one noticed.
I didn't see where you can request a sample.
Happy 4th of JULY! It's America's birthday, celebrate TipCity style!
it's my guilty CW pleasure when I don't feel like thinking
986,494 Latino students would be affected if Congress Fails to Act
Bro this presentation makes me so sad...gonna go pop a molly ;)
I'm moving there :)
Heading to Balboa Park for Chelsea's Run 5K. Anyone else running?
Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us... :-)
If you have a kid, don't fucking hit on me. I don't care how old you are.
Is The Definition Of Swag . #NuffSaid . <33
Was Jason's story on again today? I'm disappointed I missed it.
That guy makes it appear that Johnny Depp and Weird Al made a baby. Who are the country duo kids anyway?
When I decided to go natural, it was a 10 month internet process--could have written a book in all that times watching YouTube
The good man is in agreement with himself, and he grasps at everything in accordance with his entire soul #Aristotle NE 1166a13
DAM Its windy out there! School is open tomorrow,
So Blessed!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
What are you doing after Jazz in the Park tomorrow? Stop in and check out 3-Way Street, a folk rock band!
What are some sick bands to listen to? Tag them below!
dam the truth really does hurt
Just landed in Geneva. Switzerland waddup? Beautiful weather, awesome land. Counting my blessings!
A friend encourages your dreams and offers advice
Everything grinds to a halt when your computer moves at the speed of
You can't hurt me with the truth but don't comfort me with your lies! </3
what you waiting for
My kindle reading in the Subway was interrupted by a guy who recognized me as a character in #RussianDolls.Every day is an adventure.
Going to see the Reel Rock Film Tour tongiht.
When you see (understand) networks you are network literate. / Those who can build offline & online networks have an edge. -R. Hoffman
Busy weekend planned shopping, Brett's Christmas concert ,Baking, Brett's basketball game, Bucks game,Brett and Kurt's Christmas program.
R. Crisp w/ strawberries & blackberries- good, but more bitter (tart) than I'd expected, but good!
Inside Hoops is saying that they're pretty much a lock to match any offer. Nash will probably stay in PHX or go to TOR or NYK.
Watching Washington Wizards at Indiana Pacers with Viggle Fri | 12:30 | TEAM HD Get real rewards just for watching TV.
- Nook. ePaper version is a great ereader and color is an iPad lite.
All aboard the
Even more excited about watching your show tomorrow after such a monumental day! #evolved #cheers!
30 people sleeping here in front of Bank of America at Occupy DC
justin's smile has been so genuine recently. it makes me so happy to see him happy :')
Great! Glad you got a chance to see the California Thrasher. It's song is like the Northern Mockingbird.
Ultra-serious, definitely.
Sometimes I wonder if I'm dreaming during the day without knowing
haha. As soon as I talk to my brother about residency! I just need to make sure I can pay my tuition. I wanna get out for good.
not yet! tuesday :)
It's the 100K-foot view summarized for higher ed admin. Hopefully not news to academic librarians.
i love this quote *im not afraid to fall im just afraid to fall for the wrong person*
needs an E Wayne Powell sign. He is the Dem running against Cantor
THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY NEEDS 2 STEP UP MORE, MUCH MORE & FIGHT WITH AND 4 THE PRESIDENT & THE PEOPLE. HE NEEDS 2 KNOW THEY'VE GOT HIS BACK.!
“: Oh. My. Fucking. God. THAT is why soccer is the best sport in the world. Props to city. Holy. Fuck.” my word exactly mate.
yes, but y'all had to know that w/our snowless winter we'd be getting lots o' extra humidity this summer
Hope everyone has a great day!
Amen girlfriend! RT : Thank God for #GlobalWarming. 50 degrees in a wisconsin January is
We brought our cans to the #recycling center and made $10! A great start to fund our trip to #auburn tomorrow!
WAY too seriously
Fantastic table read today for #GEEKSthemusical, it's going to be a wonderful show!!! Thanks
All I want is fucking Summer.
"i don't think about you at all..."
Happy Birthday to Miss Jennifer Nettles of Hope you Have the Greatest Day of all #happybirthdayjennifer....YOU ARE LOVED
We're very happy to have you! Thank you for participating in
shhhh... You don't even know what I am talking about. Lol
When guys lift up your chin and then kiss you >
cant connect at all on pc :(
I got punched in the eye/: the dwellings going down tho.
Live Everyday like it's your Last. Can't stress that enough.
what up man
Dear our lovable customer, today Divine clinic is officially re open after ied mubarak holidays.
Jamon. Paella. Absinthe. repeat
It's about time gonna start playing again band really needs to practice together and get a drummer
prom prom prom. gonna look
Things screwed in Chile now/still/again/ too ?
I think I'll head down to the mall for #Folklife2011. Want to see the exhibit. Anything I must not miss?
Ha! RT : Another lottery tip: To improve your odds, buy TWO tickets.
Hello :) follow for follow?
RT : It's beef with the fans I ain't messing with nobody who like purple and yellow #LETSGONUGGETS >Sweep coming
is basically begging you to use the C word
When girls make their boyfriend's do their hair or paint their toes. Like, are you really that fucking lazy?
I think my Favorite vid of her is StarShips!
That's the bravest dude on planet earth.
RT : Anyone think Apple's missing point w/ textbooks? Let's pull BEST web content-not content txtbk publishers think best....
Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it.
Don't wear clothes that have holes in the ass
Louie V condoms 68$ each that's one expensive nut! Lol
Glad you enjoyed the TD story! Cheers
You my boo thang ( :
"I'm about to lose my tomatoes" is now my new catchphrase.
I left something in my car. Idk if I should run out in this weather and get it or not.
ALERT: They should Occupy Moreton Fig, now that's 1%. RT : The students at Occupy USC look very bored
Really feeling our Fats Domino #Pandora station right now...
Wait....New Jersey is next to New York....I might meet the boyz either way...alright...i'm good(:
Anyone down for sushi after I get out of class?
It sounds like a fascinating film. We wish you much success!
thanks Raul :)
I'm asking U to suspend your belief in what appears real & jump to the place of "I created everything". Maia Berens, YOU University Creator
What about or ?
Annoying, clingy, obsessive, immature. Catchin' my drift?
I would rather see monkeys or maybe even kangaroos.
I'm willing to talk further about this. Stop by and see me at school.
Wedding in a barn. Reception in a barn. Totally awesome.
Jordan should go to a school football game at least once in her high school years
I gotta learn to get more informed before I post videos wholeheartedly on my fb site
"Let's squirt these people."
did you get smothered & covered yet?
maybe they can review the shops?
Rick Pitino 10-0 in the Sweet Sixteen. Wow.
haha my tolerance isn't what it use to be so gotta train for these things...day off absolutely not!!
ok thank u<U+2665>
I'm pretty tomboy like...commas...as a teacher I should remember that...
Don't give up on your college applications! It's tough but well worth it!
we got some over here, just not getting the shine yet. The key to the east is NY and right now its in a weird place so I feel u.
You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying to do the best you can every day. Marian Edelman
I wish! True to what I've heard he looked as if he were in a hurry to get somewhere.
RT : Santorum lies about California schools not teaching American history. This will be on the exam...
kewl..and i just came up with some stuff too
": Can't believe I'm going to go back to school for 4 more years!! Getting my AuD on!" Say what?! Congrats Katie girl
Diamond is literally eating then stopping then eating again.....
I see my fated stars in your eyes. They melt me like the sun does snow.
See you there!!! Happy Friday to you as well!
Davis, spokesman for Darling, on tampering charge: It's a last gasp of a very desperate campaign and in Wi., a very, very desperate party"
Make the little things count. Teach midgets math.
Cotton Tale Designs Tiny Red Dragon 4 Piece Crib Bedding Set ...
unclear where Beckham was headed? Are you serious? What an utter joke you are. BASIC.
lmao. you would rt that. bitch.
Shopping with my moma
Went out for my morning walk in a t-shirt. It's a heat wave in the Bay Area!
Watchin' TV and laughing super hard because of Dominique xD she's so awesome
now following. And I thank you very much for following back. Have a great Friday.
you changed your name again?? Haha
If at first you dont succeed,skydiving is not for you.
Client calls us "head and shoulders" above the rest. Yup, I'll take that.
thanks boo hope u enjoy ur day off ;)
my man
I need to look up the weighted odds in my Steve Irwin Man v. Beast handbook. i'll get back to you
Can't Believe I already have to speed drill this day! My 2 minutes start now!
A gunshot in the 5O's /:
DON'T WANNA CLOSE MY EYES! I DONT WANNA FALL ASLEEP CAUSE I'LL MISS YA BABY AND I DONT WANNA MISS A THING!!!
Baltimore History Evenings in partnership with Baltimore City Historical Society kick off tonight at the VLP! 7-9pm
Amen to that--> RT : I swear to fucking god there has been a full moon for the last three days.
Heard several times today - showing a listing on a mobile phone especially video is a great way to get listings
haha its very clever!!! My Bluejeans is very cute!! haha
99 problems but a b**ch aint one lol
Big tie for the #wizards tonight. Glad to see score tonight. Hopefully he build off of this. Roger and were amazing
Kshsvskvifjskdicbakq I love one direction. Thank you SNL
We want to welcome our newest supplier - thanks for joining us y'all!
Happy Mother's Day!
you're such a slut it's disgusting
is so flawless just asdfghjkl;
why must it be -666 degrees in this library? I'm shivering!
Is it bad that I really want to watch the movie "Twister" right now? Yeah, probably.
S/O to the speed dating group at #EVilla yesterday. We hope some connections were made!!!!!
some of them are worth listening to - many of them aren't.
Found another good Twitter on Galveston. Follow for reports from the island.
My second favorite hockey team is whomever plays the Flyers.
everyone stacks the box so it's damn near impossible to dribble and pass around close to goal. that's why it's rough to score
: Thanks for putting on such a great show in DC. Massive headache the next day. It was worth it!
- Do you still have invites for Pinterest? I Would love one. Thanks.
Heading home to a glass of wine to celebrate the end of the work week
Now "hanging out" with President Obama on Google+.
for his new single!
i dont follow u u ddont follow me.. What are u i f.. HS.. Reportong u
I should have gone to law school...
Scrap yards are not only for stolen vehicles but move drugs. From my 30y experience in the bail bond business
Regret doesn't budge things; it seems crazy that the force of all that human want can't amend a moment, can't even stir a pebble.
Good Morning everybody
I can feel your prayers. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Wait is the Knicks crowd saying "Asshole"?
doh! i have a meeting that morning so i can't make the drupal group. perhaps mr. can make it?
I created more and more leisure for myself starting 15 years ago. Today I am trying to balance it. But now I am somewhat qualified.
I would be honored
i think imma lose some more teeth lol
who is available via free agency that would be a good pick up
Hey there! I saw your posts on the IIN boards. I am in the program too - another Pittsburgher. wanted 2 connect & say hi!
a little too much fun was had, #missedyou RT: Wishing everyone a great time #Oscars tonight!! et al”
hey love, check your INSTAGRAM notifications
Thanks for the follow! :)
a lot of it related with having to deal with closed content. Makes things just a tad harder.
How many tweets would it take to tweet the name of the album that holds the world record for longest title? We want the band name too.
3 teachers had seen me tweeting in class almost got in suspension but I didn't cuz I tried 2 convince my teacher<U+E057>
Final score blues 21 Glendale 21
That awkward moment when you realize you’re walking in the wrong direction, so you hit your pockets pretending you forgot something.
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
ok, but my parents want to go to the movies... so hopefully before cuz I wanna get wet! Lol
Thank you!
What a gorgeous picture, Mary!
RT : Instead of criticizing other people, choose the Power position and Be the Example.
I WANT TO STAB YOU IN THE NECK WITH A KNIFE
Bring me some, please. Thanks. RT : I want roti & pollouri. Anything else is obsolete.
passion pit goes hard.
entrance exam
Words With Friends - productive brain stimulation or waste of time?
NEW INFORMATION: It appears that the suspicious package was a bag containing clothes. The scene is expected to be cleared shortly.
I see everything doubled from my facebook friends to my twitter peoples... dam you guys
Markieff's posterization of Blake Griffin
"No condition is permanent." ~African Proverb
All Time Low w/ The Ready Set, He Is We, Paradise Fears - Sat Nov 5 - tickets go on sale this Friday! ATL = our #1 most requested band 2010
Deal or No Deal gets me super hyped up
Guests on #TheMuppetShow requested scenes with specific Muppets. Miss Piggy, not Kermit, was the most popular.
cuz I'm way to lazy to get outta my freaking bed and ur a loser nighty night don't let my lizard bit u in ur sleep WUV YA :D
I just got back from the gym and I realized that a #healthybody is useless without a
Wedding in Evergreen, CO for Olivia Zenger! Congrats Olivia!!!
my own music lol
Aye quezz whoa yo hoes wilding today shavasia want the dick she just mad she got a loss pussy!
looks so good
#Redsox face #WhiteSox pitcher, Humber, who threw a perfect game. Good thing he used up all his perfection last Saturday.
Had a great time last night with the team at cafe 787 ...shoutouts to
Im really not sure if my headache will ever go away :(
Pizza for lunch!!!
Impressed with the #Marlins so far this season!!! Just kidding.
Phillis S. Morgan wrote Marc Simmons of New Mexico. Great story of how life was in the late 1800's and early 1900's.
are we having two 2 in today game? No 8?
3 mvps for but no ring. He like Charles barkley now..
Your Golden Eagles take on Rutgers tonight at the Bradley Center!
well hello
Vince Young is a free agent. just sayin.
Just curious? Does cactus pear make for a good organic textile dye?
Hi there! I'd be happy to chat with you sometime, maybe a phone or video chat date? Let me know what times work best for you.
“: I was alive when 'The Boxer' and 'The Weight' were brand new, and they changed my life forever. I'm so grateful for that.”yep
omg it had been awhile for me too! so good! :)
Good luck tonight, go bulls!!!
i just hate nelson cruz. and it's 3-0 oakland in the top of the 3rd
LMAO if you only knew, okay good luck with that!
haha... But this O'Brien has 2 years of eligibility.
Settling in to my corner spot at the Wildomar Ciry Council meeting. Laptop balanced on a chair. Why don't they have a press table...?
RT : Jon Jones vs Rashad Evans tonight! Finally! I've been waiting for this for a long time!
any idea on what that is in Furcals back pocket?
I hope that's not the name you're suggestion.
GDub has a crash on the NB side at the ramp to the INNER. Watch for a slow down...
somewhat surprising verdict-I had thought that the ECHR might follow logic of the Abu Qatada holding. guess the US gets a pass.
Yay, you came out of the Twitter protection program! Email me an update sometime! Have you guys found a temp replacement yet?
Wished on 11:11 for the first time in a long time.
Whoa! What happen to Magdayao? I'm not sad at all. I'm just curious.
My parents constantly trying to control my life<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
If it was secret, how did you know about it? Were you part of said secret cmte?
I'm in Tucson!!
SOME STUPID THING ABOUT BREASTFEEDING ON THE COVER OF 'TIME' MAGAZINE!
Why are you so fucking annoying? You have to know that you act like a little mother fucker don't you? Oh well... fuck it.
is it offensive if I say jolly good in response to that? Haha. At least the break was nice right?
He so cute! Bet he is giving you some good snuggles!
Titanic = Best Movie Ever<3
lol. Me either !
I Hate It When People Don't Text English In Twitter N You Can't Undersrand Wat Dey Sayin #ugh <3RocRoyal<3
Man, what a game lastnight
Will you please follow me??(:
Great day at Midwest Gyspy Swing Fest. Looking forward to a jammin last set of the festival with Been a great couple days!
“: U got it RT PLEASE come to San Diego on tour” yes that would be awesome I'd love to see you again
when u comming back to alsip, il?u used to stop by, havent seen u around in a min, come visit
So that it gives YOU an excuse to come visit us :)
I hope so gotten into soccer the past couple years and would like to see MLS catch on and become more competitive
SO not a celeb. And you missed an M there. ;)
I love lattes but am sad with my skinny peppermint choice today :(
I don't want to admit defeat, but my limits are right in front of my face.
According to polls, besides jobs Marylanders care most about health when it comes to offshore wind.
yeah, I remember that project. I thought of that too!
I love balconies
I'm see wasup with the acid or shrooms tonite..I'm getting fucked up
We'll find out!
Our President & First Family are Living In Their DIVINE Purpose To Positively IMPACT THE WORLD 4 Positive CHANGE 4 The People! I Thank
ha! true. I have to go to suburban Minnesota for work sometimes, being w/o a car there blooowwssss.
Good Luck Calvin Pickard!! Can't wait to see you as a Colorado Av!!
You make me laugh Bro. BTW you are on the skins tonight , so bring your A game. : )
awe thanks boo! *blushes*
Transformers: Dark of the Moon wins the weekend with Horrible Bosses landing in second place and Zookeeper in third. Thumbs up or down?
Hiya twitter
Is Madonna getting lazy?
NBA: U r killing the goose that laid the golden eggs. Fans r losing interest. Ur greed's killing jobs & biz's. Buzz should be about HOOPS.
Ducks need pep talk. Crowd needs one, too. Autzen hasn't been this dead since, well, forever. Not the fans fault, but the energy's down.
Katt williams hair is longer than 95% of all black girls real hair ... Lol
Listening to : Fighting The Odds, thank goodness for the Diplomas Now program and its volunteers
Again w/ AC/DC in what should be a serene woman's locker room. U.S. - your music sucks. The girls locker room hates you.
Sign up at the studio for the Fitness Challenge Nutrition Seminar Thursday Feb 16th at 6pm!!!!
bout ta gone wash my hair ....
yeah... It's like your mind explodes then comes out your ass later when you eat that shit.
thank you for the words that inspire
how can i work with you? A foot soldier getting business to speak with you to promote more mobile sites?
This day needs to hurry up <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
And then... You just... FORGET WHAT IT WAS AND WHAT IT EVEN HAD TO DO WITH????!??
that's why i come first, like my cell phone
#Didyouknow there is no sound in space
So apparently they show this thing called the"Super Bowl" every year at the same time as the Puppy Bowl. Too funny.
I'm worried if mine *doesn't* make funny noises.
Just woke up. Ah
if it becomes a thing I'm gonna just follow schefter on twitter next year
if ur gonna be a Twit, u have to tweet. BTW thanks for the shirt & sweater
Drank some port in the dining room while listening to Tindersticks last night, in an effort to enjoy being old.
I'm sorry I went to bed right after the 13-0 Heat run now
Why is the rum always gone
Thank you, Gaby! I'm pretty giddy. :)
": #Gemini are very curious people. They want to know whats under those clothes!"
can you please follow me(:
Pumpin' gas in my PJ's and slippers.
"Reading Ellen's hilarious new book. Thirsty for tequila."
Just stopped short of tweeting about a scientific inaccuracy in The Big Bang Theory. Because I care about all of you.
You'll never catch up to
I JUST TOOK A 500 QUESTION SURVEY ON MYSPACE. it took me 49 minutes
- thanks for following #lifevineworks!
thank you :( love you too
The radio is worthless
Time to conclude my Dirty Harry Mother's Day weekend marathon with SUDDEN IMPACT. And plot my revenge on
Monday morning. For many freelancers like me it's time to return to paying jobs.Allow me to do what I love in my spare time.
well that's what I am going for of course! I guess I'll see you in the studio soon!
What could be better than MeanMugMusic! Am I right?
Diaconate weekend at for me. & I are both traveling, so lots of catching up to do on Sunday.
UGH RUINED MY FUCKING NIGHT! !!!
#TeamVinnyV I've never met you or talked to you, but stay strong. <3 Cancer sucks & we all know you can pull through this.
gotta go :( talk to you tomorrow<3
I only have one #FF today and it's to my amazing friend that I love. She's always there for me and I really appreciate it.<3
I do do you
Exterminate! Too much information. Exterminate!
Sounds like a plan!!
round is not sexy, but it is a shape
thanks! I have a feeling I'm going to enjoy it
whatever Guy you're dating. And its late now so just take hot photos of u in the dress and send them to me
Omg I love how I eat alot of food. But I don't get fat!!!!
Thanks for the #truth ---> RT Thanks for the RT -
i am deffinitely nor functioning today...at all
Alright, up, getting stuff done...clearing my mind and spirit, etc. etc...
hell yeah!!! #WeAreMagic!!!
You're a freak babe ;)
lol i swear it is. I like it loads tho. Its a pity it dnt lyk me:-(
Ugh watching these movies for class before my exam >.<
Right, but this assumes they can distinguish the $100 and $25 people.
Ya it's a needed change, because the same thing happens to me. I'll still miss the convenient placement of the old switch though
he is!
Welcome back!
#Alliwant is what I want. ?
not sure if you remember me, met at LBC show a long time ago.. did you hear about Joe? I can't believe it.
well now u do lol
been following u for months, noticed on your LinkedIn that you focus on space planning. Do you have a need for an architect?
Thanks dudes!
Thank you for the shoutout! Honor to be mentioned with those great #Togs!
A much needed goodnight sleep begins now
Pavlov's Dog
I am very happy :-)
Was NOT impressed w/ Air & Space Mus; had lunch & now @ the Natural Hist Mus
I'm liking what Stone and Hamilton are doing for the #Nuggets!
Awkward moment when people you dont know stare at you while your eating.
Can't wait to see on ABDC! Love you lots!
Thanks so much for sharing!
if he following him u just crushed him lol
I wish I still had a camera that required me to develop the film... I miss my 110... (advancing film noise)
A really good story comes along, and my jaw is wired shut. WHY GOD, WHY!
My favorite part of Elmo is when he says "Let's ask a baby!"
Happy Birthday pooh!
he'll get some votes but I think the independents & swing states are on to him...he's all talk.
Wale says Folarin in every song. I wish I had a cool last name like that.
Always great to hear! You have a part in our friendliness as well :)
"Age is just a number" - yeah well ..Jail is just a room.
Save Cory Booker from a burning building?
DOOOOD I HAVE 4 PHONES. CALL WHEN YOU HEAR BTR PLAYING
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult for each other?
Oh no! I'm so paranoid now that I chase wasps away from the outside of the house all summer long every year. Never again.
To think I'm complaining at $59 to fill my tank. When I arrived here 6 years ago it took just $29 to fill!!
MSG me the Hannah
The Lincoln Memorial is simply gorgeous. Visiting it made my trip!
So sad to hear of loss of Adam Yauch, MCA. You were so inspiring. Condolences to his family and friends.
you know I would buy that track :)) !!
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
No boobs this week so yeah, "meh" ;-)
RT : Of women w/ at least $3million in investable assets, only 38.8% had married into or inherited their money....
Happy Easter everyone!
Man, that paper I laid down looks legit.
For us? Yes on local level, though we're entertainment not news. I admit, city shootings are like background noise. Too many...
I'm pretty fired up to follow your upcoming shenanigans... good to see you last week. OH WAIT...
im not hating ... i didnt say that i didnt like your dancing lol... im just stating the facts lol
i'll come get you :)
well not really
No Fear All Faith
Now that the sun's down, I can focus on work again.
What bad decisions? --Glynn
Hahaha. Right on. Thanks!!
In a few minutes on ABC5 News: Rescuers searching for a missing 18 yr. old in the DSM RIver and the latest on Ashley Okland's homicide.
HUUGE break for the Patriots, it's not often you miss a FG that close
Filco Majestouch-2, Tactile Action, Metallic Pink USA Keyboard ...
Chris Young looks like a totally different hitter from 2nd half of 2011. Carrying #D-backs offense so far.
Rooting for Miami!
already downloaded NYCWAY app. It's pretty awesome.
we are currently smog checking vehicles at the moment give us a call so we can set up an appointment for you :)
It's a beautiful day out there, but my hangover won't let me leave the couch
Last night in Orlando =\
Forge follow Friday. Monday is where it's at. Thanks everyone!
aren't you now a tourist though?
75% of NY Yankees fans who aren't from NY only like them because they think it's rebellious.
Been sitting at the car dealership for like a million hours...hopefully I will be driving home in a Hundai
So many people just take take take... might be time to give!
to be or not to be..
welcome to the bay. lets get it.
YES! will you join us? We are going to find a way to raise money for our favorite organizations as a motivator!
Happy Friday to all!! What exciting things do you have coming up this weekend?
This is the worst taco bell ever
Damn.. The truth hurts but I'm a big girl
Anybody play their Feel You're Different vinyl yet? How does it sound? Post some pics of the handsome vinyl you got!
Peace Education & Conflict resolution practices shld be integral part of US Education, Int'l Peacebuilding. R Youth r the futre
follow back ? (:
thanks for the great food at ink. last night and for taking time to take a picture with us!
bout to get some white castle and a king can of budweiser.
So glad you're enjoying #WhyWorkSucks! Keep nodding along :) Sequel coming out in Jan 2013...
Thanks for the follow, fellow yoga-lover!
its dope man
lol-i saw that!!!
There's always that one person that will always have your heart
his campaign colors-red, gold, blue, gold...bling!
Nothing like being at #USC before graduation. The campus is buzzing with excitement, hope, and possibilities!
Avengers was dope.
Thanks to all our amazing twitter followers!!!
are you serious?
Hello New Followers: Have a great weekend!
Ah, yes... and the quote does not state HOW leaders do that or WHAT they want others to do so it could cover your definition too?
It must be quite a few people have the same problem! I deactivated twitter mobile, then reactivated it, but that..
....Those who use excuses are incompetent and masters of NOTHING...
i wish! Buy me the plane and we're on our way
Ticket party at Water St Tonight! Got tickets? U should b drinkin' $3 Absolut mixers and $2 Miller Family products Get Lei'd, at Louie!
these guys sweat it out quickly in the desert heat - so no telling!
preparing for daa worse but PRAYING for da best!!!!
YOU WON! :P
i shouldn't have done that
THANKS FOR FOLLOWING ME.. PLEASE SPREAD THE WORD.. I WANT 1000 FOLLOWERS!!!
yeah, well, me either.
i need to be honest every day i go on to my twitter nd see if is still following me. im a weird because if that??
physically closed the doors on you? shit, did you do anything??
banishing two spaces after the period from all my documents.
Studying for AP tests > homework these next 2 weeks.
Bones jones :)
oh my god this guy -_-
In a world where technology is causing some of us to forget how to act human, become the politest person you know.
what are you doing tonight? i have a new apartment!
Position open for #inhouse #lending #attorney with 7yrs legal experience; with bank in #NY. for more info!
#fridayreads The Marriage Plot (at last).
Training class for work this week...so the next review for will hit on Friday. Get ready!
Some guy on youtube said Carter I, II, and I sucked but IV was the shit.....
That's what the Suns said! RT : Shaq, I'm begging you... please add value!!!!
Happy Veteran's Day! Veterans' get free admission to the Hammer Museum - not only today, but everyday. Thanks for all that you have done.
Haha way to go! Don't forget you can register online for the Q4 promotion to earn a free night after you stay four times :)
Q3 #ITChat What one thing do you wish for when you think of cloud computing? via
So happy you came to visit me yesterday! Enjoyed ur company & I can't wait for Friday!!! Love Ya
I wish the subway sandwich company ran the mta cause the train compartments would smell a lot better
last full day! ....then exams -___-
Thanks for following!
As long as Yo MAMA love yu Never love another woman!!!!!
I think it's something like "western harmonium" vs. "eastern harmonium." Ones used in India etc. are the portable ones.
it's your birthday homey! Have a good one.
my school counselor told my dad that I have "issues" and that I should seek counseling. I've only talked to him 3 times for class changes
Its the parts that are open source that I would like to see and understand, and how they work with the non opensource
Snow, Rain, and Ice. Oh my! what a beautiful mix. #NOT Gotta work with the weather.
haha! meet me at cwp tonight okay? we go watch together-gether :))
wishing for a U2 and Muse ticket here in Dallas. Birthdays coming up. Come on, husband-o-mine!
Champagne Showers!!!!
well I would hope so!
how and when did we get to be almost 30 instead of almost 20?? i'm pretty sure i left for college aug 18 too. it was a saturday.
Oh. Stop it. You spam does not interest me.
I'd like to thank not only god but jesus for Justin's new photoshoot.
RECIPE: Custard Apple &amp; Passionfruit Cheesecake
You guys NEED to come to Jackson!!<3me and my friend would die,that would be the best day ever!<3
I keep writing and writing and writing...
I like coiled cables in theory and sometimes in practice, but the last several ones I've had shit the bed prematurely.
To all of our U.S. followers, a #happy4thofjuly !
Just watched the Expendables 2 trailer but why do I feel like I just saw the whole movie though 8/
thanks for following! :)
Thanks for following follow back!!!!!!!
"We mutually pledge to each other our lives, our fortunes and our sacred honor." -- May we do the same today.
he had to follow you in the sense of people who we talked to. You first and then Brian second.
Most of these twits follow me, so I now follow you.
Thanks for the support! RT #CONGRATULATIONS & GODBLESS ON YOUR ACHIEVEMENT.
everyone has 2 fingers and 10 hands..... < you see what i did there? huh? ;)
Preparing for salon meeting tomorrow. Motivation. Determination. Focus kids big things are in our reach!!!
I’m surprised "Man on a Ledge" was actually good! Quite suspenseful. It has its flaws, but was very entertaining… kept me interested.
Decided I need a Marris for my Mantle
Ok my dentist cut her hand and is in the ER, canceled my appointment again....oh well didn't want to go anyways, hope she is alright.
Attention Librarians: west of the Anaheim convention center there is a street named West Dewey Drive. Perfect photo op!
Perhaps CHNM should fund a prize for an automated essay writer!
SMASH. is a Smash.
“: my stomach hurts now :(” I know it wasn't from laughing!
Thanks for including us! :)
"Brands everywhere are just doing social, not being social." I think a light just went off. Thanks (via )
Why, do you need a fire put out? Lol
I knew this weekend would fly by. I don't want to go to school tomorrow :'(
Its hot an they on dis bus ah
Social media helps eliminate different people performing the same tasks, resulting in a more efficient society
ok get it for me too lol
The semester's over. Onto the next one.
InfraRED vs. Baylor, so...neither!
he back !
Stinky Saturday!
how could you be in a good mood if nobody likes you?
New page up, have you followed yet?
¡Sí! Estoy en España. Jerseys are like 65€ soo sorry you're not getting one hehe. I got my eye out for souvenirs, though!
can't decide on a roadtrip genre today- drake, coldplay, dashboard confessional, taylor swift so far... mumford's next.
VERY! But it always is - nature of the biz :)
TODAY is the day! We find out if Owen needs a helmet to fix his cute little deformed head!
Wisconsin fighting championships. division Saturday night 7pm at Harley Davidson on hwy 100. Interested?
When I'm in your arms there's nothin else I'm thinkin about except how much I love you. <3
: Teacher prep programs don't prepare teachers to teach skills like tinkering and iteration
Jk i suck at giving advice!
worth every penny!
Damn bro. Its workin for me. Wtf.
I'm not the one who wants a pengun slave.
Good Night, Gorillaz
Car shopping :-)
they're hiring hotties? Haha. I have to wait for Nimfa to come back to do anything, but I might apply anyways!
I sure hope so!!!!
Doing This Spanish Project
I love 8th grade students - so helpful willing to work hard and always in task - yep
You were EXCEPTIONALLY awesome in tonights Episode. Love the whole cast, but YOU make the show! :)
RT : Support your local economy this weekend. Shop Main Street. Shop Downtown. Shop Small. Shop Independent.
Pit bull in a skirt
On set, day 2 of filming Pioneer/ Pandora Commercial!!!
flying out to see you play against Sacramento in April :)
Nah...I wish tho but this game is crazy
Why is once pet-friendly Loew's removing well-beloved cat colony? Now hostile to cats! Are dogs next?
i dont wanna be a grown up and go to work!!!
Haven't been on this shit in forever! ( :
Now in days its all about good looks over personality.... Smdh like yup you gotta cute face but your persobaluty is b.s therefore your b.s
is so inspirational you should totally follow him :)
hey there, how is our favorite New Media Renaissance man? Plans for NMC2012? Our SL group wants to present. Want to join?
Railroads as metaphor: it was the content (people), not the tracks that made them important
Q6 Good question! I do this subjectively and casually on my Goodreads reviews. Would like to know of a more objective system.
fasho g just dm me if you ever wanna work
Our November Short Courses include Access 2010 Intermediate, Excel 2010 Intermediate, Word 2010 Intermediate, PowerPoint 2010 and more...
Yeah, I put my makeup on in 6th lunch. I'm too lazy to do it in the morning.
No... LOL I wish I were in Miami. In Denver till May 3.
Sounds familiar. : I take it back I swear
I know but whatever. Can you give it to me on Thursday or next week?
about... That dude.
Goodnight... If Lord willing I will see tomorrow!
Second day of class at new MMA school. Jiu jitsu today my favorite!
Digging the #mls 2012 iPad app. Huge improvement over last year's already good product.
Dear Brad Pitt, please cut your hair. Thanks! xoxo
lmao I know man ! I'm here till 8 in the morning.
Just received a huge shipment from Stonewall Kitchen like Bellini mix great w/ Prosecco, New England Cranberry Relish to dollop on turkey.
just had a convo go from Admiral Ackbar to Bacon
Our thoughts are with all those affected. #hrva RT : Birdneck elementary school opening for pets, people displaced by
Accolades. Do you have high-resolution versions of the plan, too? :)
Congratulations! As a former Minnesotan myself you'll learn to love winter! --Wil
What is your game and on what channel ?
Why r ppl so surprised when God answers their prayers? Isn't praying just reminding God of His promises to us...?
"if you're a bird, I'm a bird"
Blazers finally come home and get to face the hottest team in the league, the Bucks...Blazer win? Think it will b tough
Any analysis with Broussard and Berry involved I can't even halfway pay attention.
no - when - today?
yes happy birthday
Showroom looks fabulous. Love all the new styles and amazing ikat prints. Bravo!
thanks for leading the charge on hb1256. Md's children appreciate the support so our teachers know how to
RT : What's on your menu? Well, I met the creator/founder or genius behind last night at the #Google party.
*Sigh* I have to start looking to submit! Once I catch my breath over the summer...
Not a good game last night. It's a long season and the losing streak will eventually end. RCTID!
I want to thank Disney for finally making a black princess, it only took about 70 years hahaha (via )
Saw proofs of redesign today. Very exciting. Hope you like it when you see this Sunday's magazine.
isn't there a new one in iOS 5 tomorrow or are you just joking.
Science has always been apart of #agriculture. #Technology is traditional in
!!!! RT : RT : If I'm Talking To You, & We Aren't Talking On A Daily Basis Ima End Up Losing Interest In You.
Attache, my friend.
I am just going to assume that the #Badgers lost to
congrats on the 10 lbs... How did you do it?
If the Jump out Boys flood your spot, call me. 713-222-7577
Just relaxed my hair,,God knows I needed it
Working on a booth for the flea market this weekend =D
My legs are such an ugly color and shape <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Are you ever gonna stop in Denver Colorado?
i wish i could forget about him already, he doesnt even miss me like i miss him :c its killing me inside but outside i have a fake smile on.
PF Chang's is my favvooorrriiiitttteeee!!
Just finished talking to my Australian cousin
3 more minutes till the
Time to catch up on the moonlighting emails:
well, DO YOU?
awesome with santana
That totally makes sense.
Been using a temp phone for the past few days.. different number! Message me for it!
Chinese Food <3333 :D
Sometimes Lies Dont Break A RelationShip, The Truth Does!
Should have ran errands yesterday...
Being quiet wont change anything
Rain rain go away!
Watching #Moneyball with the roomies. Want a billion dollar #startup idea? Make moneyball for the ___ industry. God is in the statistics.
I love a good chat with my teenager. School. Ghosts. Drugs. Kidney stones vs child birth. Well rounded chatting. LOL
My body hurts
Somehow I got a zit on my shoulder? Fuckin', Scott Walker!!
RT : Remember there is no such thing as info overload, just filter failure :)
I heard today on 104.3 that ubaldo was 17-5 last year when olivo was behind the plate. That would be nice...
beware the
"If you have no will to change it, you have no right to criticize it."
soo happy its the weekend and the countdown to the imats begins tomm!!!
sometimes that has a habit of collapsing into a heap...
Its spirit fingers from the cheer gods!
Happy Easter Buttons Family!
thank you for the tweet
Woahhhhhh seeing one of your ex'es and his girlfriend at wal mart just now Haha gotta love it.
"Do not mistake temptation for opportunity." -via a lunchtime fortune cookie
Professor: alright let's pick up the pace Student: I'm typing as fast as I can...
Also, Pittsburgh's most kickin' comic book store is on Twitter now. You should totally be following
And I can't say enough good things about the double dose of #Glee last night!
Getting ready to settle down for the evening.
bros before hoes
Excuse my previous tweet. Jon Lester did not get me -18 fantasy points. He got me -23 fantasy points. Ugh.
You forgot "gay."
That nigga spiked the ball in the crowd
check your email box
I feel like I'm not doing enough good in this world. Is that weird?
“: Dont be cocky about your talent or gift.......just be koo”
Found a Ninja's head in my kitchen cabinet this morning!
Looks like it was chilly out there! Amazing pics, as usual. :)
nice. How important is the Made in USA, Made In Manhattan thing?
coffee should be in everyone's future, always
OLLU SOFTBALL: Tied 1-1 against University of Houston at Victoria in 8th inning.
“We do not remember days, we remember moments.” Cesare Pavese
I love having oatmeal in the house.....breakfast is a no brainer every morning and SO easy...
Omg ate too much brownie batter and a brownie
"Each day can be one of triumph if you keep up your interests." ~George Adams
Last week was one of the slowest ever, but I have absolutely no idea where today went.
Why am i so into this new episode of wizards of waverly place. I just gasped out loud. Fml.
congrats on #1 ranking! Did you watch #IU game? Insane!
Twitter has been cleaned up and I'm Proud to announce that if I'm following you you've made the cut for a signed new release CD new :-)
Self-censorship is nothing less than self-amputation.
Shout out to and the Littler KM team. Great talk on KM and partnering with marketing @ #LMA12 very cool KM program
Shoot me an email on time/location? I have a class, so it'll depend on the details =)
Bite her lip and lick her neck.
Anyone have some ideas for T shirts?
get it!
Yeah, that's always ok. Good to hear he's feeling better. Sick pet time is a BAD time.
This bird is so irritating. As soon as I close my eyes it wanna Fcking chirp!
lets get married!!! since i was 5 years old i have had a crush on you
Some of these choirs be kickin it
Live & Learn thru Trial & Error
you're like my aunt! Haha she LOVES to work!She wants to work overtime all the time!
I have too...she don't ever reply to her emails
you are always welcome!
Love Is A Promise , Love Is A Souvenir , Once Given Never Forgotten , Never Let It Disappear .
. Like I told yesterday. No age limit, only those who are fun, like to drink and like to be social
but does Ma have a nature or is it by definition without essence?
your welcome!!
K GUYS HERE IT IS I THINK. IT'S COMIN SOON. LIKE LESS THAN A MINUTE SOON. OMG ONCE THE THING IS DONE
#Tornado #Tourism? People looking for the destroyed #Joplinschools and #St.Johns. A local map sparks debate on the topic in #Joplin, Mo
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you'll be a success. Albert Schweitzer
It's ok..just don't feel well.. :( yours?
- Thanks for a great webinar today!
This Thursday I am presenting New Media Plus here in Las Vegas at a Financial Luncheon... If any of you are interested in attending please …
I was whip'n all day todayy (; thanks to yais husband lol.
haha I know right!? I couldn't believe he said that!
Does anyone have a favorite new LHs song? ... and by new I mean unrecorded.
But forget you guys, I'm going back to Hawaii.
true true, in all fairness I was distracted by my job. Do you ever have that issue when flipping burgers?
#3WordsForYou grow up bitch
Cool! You have video's on youtube?
Hey reminder that we have a Vocab test tomorrow. Science Method vocabulary
I missed it - what was!!??
same here.
in need of a frappe before going into my budget meeting tonight. must pick one up on the way. whole milk, full fat whip please.
3 days of my Jr year left...
The 'OFFICIAL' designation is used when it's a statement from a press release as opposed to just a random tweet.
You ballin anywhere today?
Bit cold out
And your going to be the one heart broken ,
Just saw Lauren Conrad in Whole Foods in Westwood... She looks dumber in real life!
Bout to get chopped up at the barber shop long over due for a fade
Dear mp3, Do NOT play: Some Day, 45, then If You Only Knew by Shinedown in a row. Sincerly, Those are sad songs...
You said you loved me, and i said it too only difference was i didn't lie to you.
who scribbled all night rocking and rolling over lofty incantations which in the yellow morning were stanzas of gibberish
...semester, I technically owe the university almost exactly the same amount of money to be a student that they pay me to work for them.
That’s awesome, ! Which of our bars is your favorite?
Ah crap. Tomorrow morning then?
#FF #shoutout to cause Adrian is fly
I'm working from home and hoping I won't have too much snow to shovel tonight. brrr.
Holding a grudge is like pissing on yourself, nobody feels it but you.
she really is off! You know she fuckin lies. Smh. Mommas bootin...
Yeah, I'm following you and , so I definitely have issues.... :-p
is it a bad sign when u ask a prof for a permish no. and then they send out an email telling every1 to look for hidden gems to fill scheds?
I love this mayor, he looks like me..
Totally perplexed about Kesha on SNL right now. Wasn't she just performing on there recently? This is a very bizarre performance.
also i did actually like the city of philly... so apologize =[
Now they all left a mess for me to clean up. Not very Christmasy of them.
Home page is re-designed. Looks much better. Sales page should be up and running soon. Maybe I can get out for a round now.
#TopFamEnt wishing all the gorgeous mothers out there a REMARKABLE and HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY! We love ya'll!
haha! It was a low blow. Fun amongst friends lol
Going to bed...goodnight twitter :-)
Marcum sharp through 6 and gets hit with singles-Crew needs these games against Padres after last road trip.
HILARIOUS! so much 4 theo changing the "culture!" hes already getting slammed for his coaching search.
“: Cheating on a good girl is like throwing away a diamond and picking up a rock.”
Looking forward to seeing at tonight! Thanks for coming out, Mimi! :) I'm tweeting in anticipation!
Leadership is the art of getting someone else to do something you want done because he wants to do it. Dwight D. Eisenhower
check out our free app! You can post real-time location based listings to let SD know where youre cooking! see u @ 57degrees tmrw
Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart.
I will wire $10 through bank accounts if you take good photos and video record it
"Oh my god, we're going to have to ice skate home - hell just froze over." - Miranda Hobbs, Sex and the City
Pray for Lauren, She's from plano, texas
hmm somewhat. I remember being addicted to kool-aid bursts....
I am mourning an opportunity lost. Sad day = no blue bell. :(
They just said iconic on ABDC... don't say iconic unless the boyz are coming out
katie: are you jealous of the sonic or the museums? i know it's a close tie.
I had to take a good long rest after the weekend, way to go Trojans! Fight On! Traveler
I miss you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Chicken, bacon, and cheddar on grilled sour dough $7.95
I second that. Addicted to Karla's closet.
nah dont think of it as leaving me think of it as having an opportunity to speak to me in the future lol!
pleasure hearing you speak as a panelist at the #FSTA Convention. Really enjoyed your input & overall fantasy acumen.
how did your mom like it?
hahaaha no its not its my friend from chi town... Dont worry you get full credit for your nickname :)
Estate Sale in Park Hill starts in a few days. Affordable home furnishings...let's get it gone!
will he wear 18?
if yall knew summer wasnt coming this year would yall still be working out? honestly
A-Fraud chokes again! Love it! Hey Spike Lee and Jay Z, how ya like those apples! Hey Yankees fans, enjoy your winter!
i'm feeling better. :)
Don't forget to check your inbox at 7:30 for our latest newsletter release. This one has the information you shouldn't miss!
Can't wait for your keynote at BEA Bloggers in June!
Tonight is YFC ON FUEL TV and you are not fighting because your a steroid filled loser!
Which part(s) of #redevelopment do RDA enablers want to save? Subsidies? More bond debt? Eminent domain? Tax diversion from public services?
honey! If some1 ever questions your devotion to the Yankees, they haven't seen the tats
oh yea! Lol.I kinda wanna work this year.
is making you crave that greasy food right now. Your welcome
Nothins better than snap backs and tattoos
The quarterly earnings aren't in yet, but I said "what the hell!" joyrides for all later this week.
Must say, I love me some Arizona St Sun (She)-Devils
“: best part about Newt not appearing on the ballot in Virginia? Newt is a resident of Virginia. He cannot vote for himself.”
come over and swim wif me! Forget he's a loser <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> #loveyouGman hahahahahaha
so has me curious to say the least about this story
That said, if the N. Korean rocket makes it to stage two, it will be a glorious victory over any orange line voyage w/temps below freezing.
I'm in Neeww Yooooorrrkkk!!!! I love the city!!!! <U+E022><U+E51D>
The HD signal is bad I have to watch the #Grammys on SD.
So who misses getting up early on a Friday morning, having coffee and meeting great people in Chicago?
DUDE! whats ur fave drink and fave food? what do u like to eat and drink before and after you perform?
6 days...in the capitol of america...with people that i hate... shits bout to go down lol
University of Illinois - CNET
you talking about phones! I never would have guesses that! (;
Just saw a girl with an exposed Bump It.... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
RT : Pouring cereal and then finding out there's no milk is like getting stabbed in the kidney.
#10fbtips with tip #8- do "likes" count as responses? GREAT WEBINAR!
it sounds like someones dragging a dead body outside...or someone putting out there garbage.
Any new word on Crawford?
If it rains all day and my fucking game gets cancelled I'm chalking the day up as a loss and just going to bed.
happy birthday hope you have a blessed year!!!
Valentine's day-after: Realizing I can't top yesterday easily or inexpensively.
Same to you! RT Happy #FF to all our new followers this week. You guys are #awesome and
U know my bro omalika is in japan?
#Success in Network Marketing or Direct Sales takes dedication, hard work and good products.
Seattle! You DO NOT WANT TO miss at on May 17th!! Plus new LP
I like her too but I find her accent disturbing. I guess I don't know anything bc yeah, she keeps getting cast haha
I need and a #tazotea to make my #friday complete #taioworldwide - i hope you are enjoying your adventures
Bitch jump off the inner harbor bridge and play with the three eyed fish
Why did the little kid dance on the jar of jam? Because the top said, Twist to open.
Who's ready for another amazing SoCal day?!
Ironic trashed having as a partner! Good thing she's nice and didn't trash him after his crappy performance. Nice girl.
my 8year old cousin has a flat screen tv in her own room accompanied with her own computer.....lol what is life.
Alesha: hi, so nice to meet you tonight and your presentation was so helpful! Hope to see you again at the next mtg. Therese'
Who's dancin' out with NK Airplay Radio today? Our dance loop is on! nkairplayradio.com
u a fool dude! LMFAO!
#fridaylistens Still working on Capital Game by Haig - need to spend more time listening this weekend!
What a lovely 24 hours it's been - reading while my main squeeze fixed din 'Teen Witch' viewing and 12 hrs sleeping during a thunder storm
Oh no. Just heard "secret sauce" used in a presentation and I don't my have my gong nearby.
If I was at home I would go on my patio to read
Gotta give it up to the fans of #OKC they do that arena justice
Great to see all the alumni back in town this weekend for the Villanova game!
Watch tomorrow morning 10am est UCC uccma.net ustream if you are snowed in there in WV You won't have to miss church. Live streaming.
Damn it's almost halftime of the Lakers game smh
Listening to only Chris browns music all day today! Happy birthday hun
Not impressed with this Nectarine-Pomegrante Coconut water... Tastes like Amoxicillian to me.. blah
Holy Bitch.
are you here!?
RT That Suggestion track you have up on bandcamp is crazy man.
Cant put down catching fire
I don't think they should have fought
Me, myself , and I .
James Maslows dick lol what up?
your so nice and pretty no wonder justin bie ber like LOVES YOU
did you see who is going to be at C2E2??
Finally home and sleeping forever...after the Rangers game of course
thanks so much for responding!
So much for my idea of leaving work early to hit the gym before the Friday night crowd.. guess I'll run when I get home instead. :P
Ay, we got a good thing. But I really like you, so is that a good thing?
btw, for those that don't know, Alien AND Aliens are my favorite movies
#SCMS12 break: Hunger Games!!!
Day 2 at the conference is underway! How were the 7:30 sessions?
This tweet made me spray beer through my nose...RT : Tony Siragusa looks like a couch with a suit.
Craving Hibachi and Subway <U+E339><U+E34C>
I just wanted today to be a good day for you.
Ha at least you dont get mad :p
I need new sunglasses. Pronto.
real honor and pleasure to meet one of my icons at OVW! Thanks for the photo!!!
Just found out today that we are losing our home after 17 years of owning a home not a good day.
Can't believe Carkner only got a 1 game suspension for what he did is really failing with the post season discipline
how is there not a blue tooth mouse yet!? tho I guess that's not the purpose of the ipad
My Biggest Pet Peeve: Don't Touch ME Or MY Shitttttt! *TheShitssAggy
She smiles cause she thinks she has him, I smile cause I know he's mine
Quick question , why in the world is #uwrightnow not trending yet? Students/staff/faculty local & abroad are blowin' it up!
Beware California Pizza Kitchen at Somerset in Troy, MI...got food poisoning and their response was a textbook example of bad management.
Its sunny in Seattle!! Happy Sunday.
My buddy just said he didn't want to go into the pit because he didn't want to get his shoes dirty.... I need my older brother!.
I'm good :) and you?
omg your mom's tree is soo pretty!
I love you, !
My lil brother is being extra random right now
is that the red neck coming out? What is dern tootin?
do u have a boyfriend??
Fwd: Megan beautiful Vanyo how r u:) :D
hey Bo
You act all innocent and cute but at least I know what you're really doing and with who.
Thanks for the RT's!
The question that is on everyone's mind....WHAT WOULD YOU DO WITH THE MEGA MILLIONS JACKPOT of $540 million?
Free meal at #Danshamburgers today for Vets! Hell yeah!!!
happy birthday dude!
Hey Vanessa! Thanks for following.
im gonna say May 17th 2011!
not for me! hahaha:(
Don't worry guys I won't be tweeting about my bike all day
To help International orphans, there needs to be best practices in orphanedges. There are currently none.
Duke city 505 ... get ready! RT : On the air right now with on KSFM in Albuquerque - tune in ;-)
: Man who you tellin
Keep the Hot stuff coming!!
To anyone that asked will this replace the itouch/ipod? Would you go jogging with $1k in your hand? Or ride your bike w/ipad?
I'll try not to!
it would be gorgeous out too. SMH.
heading out soon to cover Westerville levy vote tonight...look for updates thorughout the night!
Omg work needs to be over because the coffee isn't working!
I find the lack of happy hour beer places in providence to be disturbing.
hahaha, something like that. :-)
Adding to your FB status about #Wisconsin sports: St. Norbert's just won the D-3 NCAA Hockey Title
P. 12A headline Little Rock Sunday Demozette, "Weird Portland picking mayor."
Most people struggle to see the real me.... Because there heads are stuck in there asses.
I was wondering if that was it, but hadn't heard it. Thanks!
I'm all italian too, I like it...
Would love to see you. PM me when you're coming!
If i dont know you, youre not coming to my house.
5 More Minutes For The VMA's Pre-Show YEAH BUDDY
Oh god.... In 2020 I'm going to be 30 SMH '_'
True love is about finding someone who can see u better than u can!
I can't wait to see you on Punk'd tonight! #excite :)
what a fantastic picture - (never been to bahrain)
whoa high stakes!
happy easter everybody!
Must. Have. Breakfast.
This situation scared a nigga I'm never smiling beast until they take got that my daddy
and we are still working on the ... stay tuned!
#tragicmoviedeathsJames Caan as Bryan in Bryan's Song
I feel like you two are really saving me from some serious therapy bills! Haha
I'm hitting up the Boston show.
I'll make the most of the next 12 days. What's the Twitter equivalent of not holding the door open for somebody?
RT : Default [*user*] has changed from the [*lurker*] to the "friend." Network wealth is created from "friends."
We are stoked too! Welcome aboard! RT Just got my first freelance piece for Stoked for this :)
Best to have some sort of express option like metrolink, but if you build it, they will come.
Haha, that's perfect! I need to say this to myself whenever I get a sweet craving (everyday)
RT: Hey tweeties in the Madison AL area, Come see me tonight at Country Hearth Inn, Doors Opens at 8, Show at 9pm call 256-693-2004 for tix.
I deserve better damnit!
What's a"TV"? I think my parents had one.
ADM Mike Mullen: Services worry about wether their system or program survives, not if their program was the best.
Woo! 4 hours of sleep
I'd like to have 1000 follies!!! Come on pple!!!
On the plane for #disneysmmoms yay getting psyched!!!!!
Walking the talk is as much about listening as it is walking or talking.
Loving family traditions this weekend! Keeps everything in perspective
I miss you like crazy and listening to these sad songs aren't helping
What will 's 1000 tweet be? The world is waiting.
will post pick tweet on game in about an hour.
It's Friday, Friday. Gotta get down on Friday.
I'm suck a loner -.-
I'm at a payyyyyphone trying to call home all of my change I spend on you
Done and will continue!! Let's go All Star Racing!!
The concept of "North #Baltimore" eludes a surprising number of people. East/west geography predominates.
Prefuse 73: one word extinguisher ... Seminal glitch album
OK. I am wearing silver sparkles tomorrow for #NYE (either dress or top) with spiked pumps. Do I do sparkly nailpolish or bright/dark color?
Id be content with matt forte to the patriots....
man its time to slay these thing u call legs
Just saw project X, made me really upset that I have a fucking SAT in the morning.
#69Factsaboutme 30. I always straighten my hair.
Hams workout tonite. Lying leg curls, stiff leg deadlifts, one leg curls. 45 deg lying quarter curls. Calves with my baby
“: This is when #sometimesyouhavetobeabitchtogetthingsdone kicks in.” bellissima you sound stressed
Early ape, the way home, Katie barbato, daniel collins and Michael ronstadt have been one of the best, most cohesive openings to a show!
'I have a whole bottle of Pinnacle...I can YOLO all I want!!!' -KT
MONEY IS DEFINETLY
Every time I consider being healthy, I remember donuts.
Go gk go RT : SO CLOSE!
Doing a couple of stretches and saying " I went to the gym" is not going to get you in shape people..eat healthy-cut out sugar, lift weights
LOL!! I swear I am on the verge!! At least I noticed huh??? :-)
Free Joy and Peace eCard - eMail Free Christmas Greeting Cards Online
same -.- but I'm waiting to D: ha I think I made a new friend xD
Thinking about spending $140 to get custom Reeboks Zig pulses w/ BUCN on back... Hm..
Sometimes it is better to break down in tears and show some emotion than to keep it all inside and not tell a single soul.
John and Kathy Larson, (both alums and chairs of parents council) on stage. Turns out daughter Caitlin is 24th Bruin to attend
Money, Money, Money is the sequence, without it I'm scratchin...lottery tickets
co-writer & co-dir of The Office UK Stephen Merchant stand-up #comedy 2night Congrats on the sold-out show!
Luminaria in San Antonio tonight!
Sorry about the last couple of updates, FB friends, I'm playing around with Twitter. Deact'd auto feed, using SelectiveTweets now.
RT : One day you gone learn aint NO other female gone put up with the shit I do.! / wys ikr i tell my dude the same thing!
You've been calling this morning asking for it, so here you go. Fish Tacos for lunch again today!
Why not the two Matt's? Skelton vs. Cleveland's pass d is a bad matchup. And D. Thomas over Plax. And a new TE.
Businesses: What would be the process 4 them setting up mini versions/offices within schools?
Your welcome(:
Last year's THATCamp was indeed magical. But we might be able to do something if some of us can be present.
My therapy led me to find my hidden passion. There for my Passion has let out an intense secret "Loofah Soaps n Creations" ..secret is out
Hi Mimi. So great to be connected with you through twitter. Your writing and work is a gift to the world.
wrong hole. try again.
RT Desperate times call for desperate measures. Justifying my reconciliation with certain diet method ( - <U+FE4F>-)
Ahh fuck my brother goes on his trip in a week, I'm going to miss him.
wanna follow a sexy rapper who's birthday's tomorrow ? FOLLOW &' GET HIM TO 10k !
Whoa! Already at 19 games on MLB Beat the Streak. 824 overall.
'Cause you are on my mind.
Office gem of the day, courtesy of : "Don't mess. With the CSS."
Well i was watching a movie with my family last night right after i watched the new episode
i wanna hear it!
Ah Buzzard... My nemesis!
The Rock is huge!!!
Ever go to 's Seattle show & feel super old because everyone is talking about prom and you're about to get a degree? Me neither.
Thank you everyone that was at the & show tonight. You all made beautiful videos.
The first apple store opened in Hong Kong! Its like half the size of soho location with 50X amount of ppl crammed in.
You're here <U+2665>
sweet sweet, I'm Gluten free
i miss u more(:
sounds more like food descriptions to me.
Sittin at home instead of goin to the dance.
I'm surprised you're still wanting to live knowing with the fact you could be homeless if it keeps getting worse-
You can never listen to too much biggie
Person that excels adapts to external environment and controls how they respond
thinking time..
we go to the same church and I have yet to say hello. I'm not sure if it's appropriate haha
A huge AVATAR welcome to Juan Pablo Ordóñez who is part of the team here at AVATAR :-)
- congrats on the new house!!
#4 in MWC is worth that much? RT Colorado State's Tim Miles to Nebraska is official - per source. 7 years at 1.4 mil per season
There Is Hope- Zoo Brazil
Win American Idol Live Tix with today's Baltbuster Bonus! Brand new Baltbuster coming up at 7:35a!!!!
you said: So my dog just ate like 4 benadryl should I be worried...basically the same thing
Finished final dress of Drowsy Chaperone! Definitely worth a see!
For A3: think simple but work with big players. Find the experts and get them together. Have them play nice in the sandbox.
=) You've sparked my interest about how much you think my class experiences are worth ;). Are B pay rates shocking?
BU Events Center is opening as shelter
There…the skirts of wind.
Yes sir! Great game yesterday.
Young Justice Legacy poster!
You guys are pretty fantastic too! RT: we're very familiar with , they are great!
Be gotta be kidding me...8 plays inside the 1 and No Steven Jackson...no wonder the rams lose so many games....dumb ass coaches
Wishing I had a Peeta or at least a sister like Katniss </3
ORDER PHOTOS HERE! PERSONAL AUTOGRAPH PIC'S MARK ROBERT BROWN AS "DON' IN "AND THE CHILDREN SHALL LEAD"@
that's a new one for sure.
I could really go for some Too bad its Monday.
bad news for the people of San Diego and the future of the park.
Hi, if U R are still looking to study in NYC email mention twitter as your source.
Why is it so easy to spend hours looking for the perfect desktop wallpaper?!
Cant wait for the Laptop Lunch today!! :)
Yo. School's out soon, so... breakfast club.
Its crazy how you do so much for people and no one appreciates it!
When life gives you lemons you get lemonade..;)
yeah! theres a link on my bio if you want to check it out
haha he does look confused on the mound. You at the game?
Just because you were told, its cool to do this, doesn't mean it fits you, It's not always good to be a follower
Smaller but Smarter is Better! No more wasted space! OVE and optimize materials with a "greener" box!
I can't help but think back to that night and wonder how it could've gone differently.
Happy PB & J day! I've had amazing PB & J pancakes... Any other local #restaurants have a signature PB & J item?
I drive 15k mi/yr * 25 * 1.6 (conversion)=600k kilometers. In essence, can I get a world record of some sort?
Thanks again for visiting yesterday! If you haven't yet, we'd love your feedback at Yelp and Google Places!
That wasn't necessary that was a low blow...not cool
appreciate the love
#InstantTurnOn Sense of humor
is that the long version of "duh"?
Truly love Jlo but was not crazy abt that performance on idol, & the "kid" she baby-sit$ groping her was so lame. Wack choreography!!
will definitely make a point to do that soon. Have been meaning to pick that one up for years!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles Crazy, Stupid, Love.
sweet almost done wit it I figured what was wrong with them joints.. They were too loud man I turned em down..
is enjoying the view of the sunset
Thanks! RT : "Okay, THAT was all kinds of awesome. GO RECYCLE MAN!"
This is going by so quickly
I'm following 1,306 Twitter people... I'm heading for 2,000. Who's going to be my lucky follower?
Pretty interesting that Rio Ferdinand was dropped from the squad too. Well you didn't think the FA would drop the racist one did you? ;-)
not sure ... Send me the details and I'll try to make it.
When even the "tick" of the clock is more annoying than usual<<<
oh yeah i know :"P lol
They tell you that it cant be done because they haven't seen it for themselves but I will rise above all that and show you
Lindsborg conference to feature National Geographic photojournalist Richardson - McPherson Sentinel
Fall classes resume September 8!
Going straight to sleep when I'm finish my classes
adrenaline kills it after a good blunt. Good work
I'm planning to make my own "mud colored" oil paint with the mud Joan gave me. This is so exciting!
So the lets everything go on Sunday, resulting in an embarrassing game. Now everything is called, resulting in an embarrassing game.
Survey of 2400 commuter cyclist: 95% ride 4 health + fitness, 82% ride 4 environment, 52% avoid congestion, 46% ride 2 save money on gas
Sometimes, the best person to take care of and make smile. Is yourself.
and this is why we continue to support you guys. You guys show how appreciative & thankful you guys are.
Jim Guthrie, owner and first technician of Car Crafters, started shop in his parent's garage as a teenager.
#sustainablefish I ate an anchovy for the first time yesterday. Reminded me of sushi!
#BOYFRIENDReview I think #BOYFRIEND is one of the best songs has ever made :) #proudbelieber 66
#Rangers on the board 1:32 into the first, Brad Richards beat Holtby through traffic, Carlson was right in front screening
Heyy Ju;) I live in Pasadena;) hahah! Poptarts? You should come here! Bring me some Jack Wills stuff too;) xx Miss you!
Take pics Justin while ur there k<U+E405><U+E022><U+E337><U+E011>
I haven't looked into classroom uses of For Better for Verse recently...I wonder if has used it and can offer advice?
“: Ladies it tis baby powder season! Don't get caught with the hawt twat! <U+2668><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>” yeah dnt get caught wit tha hawt twat <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Shud up :D did I ask you if you cared ir not?. I don't think so(:
A really good thrill ride! go watch
Appeal to find families who will adopt youngsters - Ripley Today
Thanks for RTing!
Usually there are not black and white solutions when dealing with poverty... I sure wish there were, though.
Playing The Masquerade Heaven Stage Saturday October 15th Atlanta!!!
sorry, man. key is out. i am the keeper of the keys!
Documenting Saturday Member Play 4 of 5 for Transparency to Non-Members: Ohio St. -5 CBB
All ages Fourth Friday Acoustic tomorrow at 6:30pm, here at the library. Bring your guitar or just come and listen!
There should always be reasons
Top-notch journalists retiring today from We applaud as they leave but will miss their leadership and experience. Job well done, all.
awkward moment when your boyfriend calls you by your bestfriend's name... "Courtney" is no where near "Samm" . . .
Women are precious relational beings.
« #Taurus never want much; they have all they need.»
“: Lol I really dont know you , but some of your tweets are haliarious! #Creeperstatus” dude your lame LMFAO!!!!
Hugh Laurie as Dr. Gregory House in House, MD?
#MovieOrBowelMovement is trending, HA... why not both? I prefer to say, Just dumped one out.
Super excited about that session as well!!
fighting with the ones you love<<
I'd like to go to that party.
Greasy hair, pale skin, stick skinny, and a sexy brother. No wonder world domination was Loki's plan
Brand new clip, Brand new nine, Brand new bitch, Brand new ride
"start by doing what’s necessary, then do what’s possible, and suddenly you are doing the impossible"
i appreciate all the bday love...thank you.
Very true.
DEB looks like a rainbow exploded... And I love it!
Sometimes people don't notice the things we do for them until we stop doing them.
then you won't get first downs. Game over. You will never win with cutler. He's a choker.
gotcha homie, gonna be sooner than later on that....
I think that God in creating man somewhat overestimated his ability.
i just went and bought 10 sheets of paper didn't you want me to draw him? o_o
mine will always be I'll Be :')
food coma
Jerry Sandusky wrote a book a decade ago, its title? Touch.
I have privileged intentionality in my actions.
Hi, How are you doing? :)
Justin Ima Duude..But i still support ur music man!! aha can u follow me???
Can't wait to see live tomorrow ! Haven't been able to see a regular season match yet!
What a great evening at 's #HiddenShamrock tonight. Thanks, Julia, Scott, Michael. Awesome people, great bar.
So you should definitely show our labelmates and pals some love!
If you want to find out free info on nutrition and get free snacks go to suzanne.snackhealthy.com
I don't know what's gonna happen but I'm not stopping. ME3 OMG!!! So good!
how's cali man? You gus moved out to bakersfield right?
A kind heart isn't at peace if those they love are in turmoil.
February 1945....U.S. marines raise the America flag in Iwo Jima
everything is meant to be thankgod for everything
It's lunchtime and im hungry.. what to eeeaat??
Firefighters rescue 42-year-old woman from McKelligon Canyon
So it's raining...how many bitches wanna cuddle?
my stomach hurts soo bad..:(
That's why I would like to see Rev. CL Bryant's documentary "Runaway Slave," that shows their enslavement by liberal policies.
Hi, my name's Rob. Give her 3 seconds. If she answers. You're all good. If she looks at you weird, then ask what next stop is
The Harrington School of Communication and Media wishes a Happy and Safe Spring Break to all #URI students & faculty!
We're having our Practicum Screening celebration tonight. We're so proud of the work our students did for &
I finally reached 1.3k followers & I didn't even notice it. *shrugs*
Baby N and I are busy taking in all #ATX has to offer so we know that we are offering you the BEST through Bump Club and Beyond Austin!
oh...uhm...yeah. That's rather nerdy. :-)
Didn't think it possible, but Sam Jackson's "Hotspacho!" is an even worse punch-line than Will Smith's "What?!" Gonna be a long summer.
I lied :| I said I was gonna do my homework.. I took a nap instead, Lol.
Had same challenge. Would juggle bet. institutions to figure out a summer semester where I still had contact hours left.
thanks, I am too! :)
"Transaction with seller went smoothly and quickly, product arrived promptly." - Ann from Peru, Indiana
55% Favor Repeal of Health Care Law; 56% Expect Costs to Rise
Murder suicide here in St.Anthony. All is quiet here this morning. Details at 5:30 and 6 on
Did you know? Jonas Grumby was the name of the Skipper on Gilligan's Island. It's only used in a couple of episodes.
was pretty cool
I genuinely smile whenever a student emails a final project & admonishes me to have a great summer.
Check out our new blog! www.internshipconnection.blogspot.com
"The Encore of Tony Duran" is Loving
I only took the "spin" class version since I usually had to run to work after it, but she was a fantastic hands-on instructor
#hotpeopleifollow they are so great. FOLLOW THEM(:
Pretty soon nfl is just gonna b flag football..just sayin...
RT : Thanks to all who attended the #CWISMC. Was a pleasure seeing familiar faces and meeting some of the brightest people in...
"Winning isn't everything" -Mark Cuban
Lol, beat ya! I'm already in bed! Good night!
Dolphins struggling to keep season-ticket base at 30,000
that's all im doing, watching recordings - what I love about online presentations - fits my schedule!
Why are yall so ...HAPPY ?!
": "A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs. It's jolted by every pebble on the road." H. W. Beecher"
I kept getting a similiar message using Explorer. So for that and a lot of ther reasons, I switched to FireFox yesterday.
Ok u may not smoke BUT I bet u eat PORK or do somethin else foul. Please dont
My dear brother. Class act. #dontworrystillveryproudofyou RT : Meeting with higher ups? Check. Fly open? Check.
Faaack i have to go to a review sesh in 10 min
this is sickness RANGERS!!
Watching the Brewers spring training games. SO excited for Opening Day!
Gaby and i making #tellatubby noises during hebrew school
do you want to hold food drive at #mikac3 this Sat?
We wanted to wish the 2011-2012 SAPB President a happy birthday!
yeah I guess that would make sense
Can't wait to be done with our Citi Miles rewards. Biggest joke of rewards company ever. I think they invent ways to obstruct.
Thanks Kelly!
Thank you OverDrive for changing the wording on Penguin eBooks to "Kindle devices via USB only".
I can hardly wait!!!
Play ya part
I want a tattoo.
Catching up on yesterday's paper after a biz trip. How come Biz Travel section only features images of men!!!!!
Yes, so have I.
If KU wins makes a contribution to KCUR. If OSU wins, I make a contribution to his station, KWMU, St. Louis.
Big congrats to all the #MSU graduates today!
Wow....finding this out just killed me....:'/
i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily d
This is where I wish my phone had internet.
should I go to project graduation?
done for followback <U+2611> ;)
Follow back?<3
no, i came back in July of 2011... and when i was in hollywood i got a tour, and i could see the nick jonas house:) lol
MAHOMIES GO HARD
its because we ran out of chincken tenders guhhh wahhhhhh :(
time for
Waiting at Giordano's in Chicago to have my first taste of Chicago pizza. And it's 17 degrees out...painful cold.
The joy that isn't shared dies young -Anne Sexton
You are so beautiful!
i feel bad for all the babies born today.
Retail + Social + Mobile =
": the movie you picked lacked what they call in the business "an ending"." Snap!
so cruel
I love cupcakes!! :D
Words of Shakespeare came out in characters.-Lowry
Good stuff, tweets the guy who got about five hours sleep last night ... <yawn>
Happy Birthday !!!!
I'm at a str8 bar. Lol. Let's see what happens.
good morning
you can soon once we have our website up :)
First time leaving my dorm with my backpack on.
Hero of the day Steven A. Anderson. Great material, knows what he's tweetin about.
Loaded pictures from SLA Ldrshp Smmt to facebook. Great meeting; great memories.
What's the best twitter app out there? My Tweetdeck is no longer functioning...
Had a great visit today. Amazing to see Picasso's Guernica in person
Running sucks. I'm so sore.
RT : . Whatever you do: DO NOT POLLINATE! > Don't worry. I'm divorced.
"Let me show you, let me show you the way to go..."
: I know. I Miss it a lot! I want to go back to the way we used to be. Us being together every single day!!
ah rats!
brazilian bbq and tapas is whats hip now. Sushi is old news
Geez, I'm here. No need to yell. RT : PCC Cascade campus at noon!! Be there!!
What I still wonder in Braun case, is who leaked it? Everybody claims innocence.
Just had to break into my own house hahahaha
hehehe. I think Weeden will do great things there, especially with Trent Richardson up & coming, too. We shall see!
Jump Out Boys
I love ya too girl
i'm working a double this saturday :(
I'm a writer so have plenty more where that came from:)
all the desert / creatures digging in & down / the heat here to stay
Ugh I'm dying
#MadeItWork Trying to bring together sponsors, the military, love of country music and love of our country to support our troops in concerts
True :) RT : #Gemini can do what you do and do it better.
This is killing me!
Yep. We'll pick up a few pieces to cross over, then wrap it up and turn it over to Image, who will handle release.
Try our pizzette of the day, roasted onion, marinated olives, fresh mozzarella cheese and a light tomato sauce base!
There is no friend as loyal as a book
I didn't know you were a George R.R. Martin fan! I love the ice and fire series, even before it became a show.
if you see me follow you and I had already followed you, just know I didn't unfollow on purpose. shits fuckin up
So much hidden by language, Art, Myth, etc
I'd like to go but the white guilt will probably keep me home.
& are getting rave reviews! There is still time left. PLUS there is an ice cream truck here!
Headed to Fox12 Studios to film for PDX Reports with our magicians from the Sprit of Magic Dinner Cruise!
Hey , thanks for the retweet!!
I have to request to follow you on Instagram?! I thought I was special! :(
Don't forget about the tonight!!
yeah. so what is your name?
We'll be releasing a video soon to explain everything :)
Youre beautiful until your Photoshop 30 day trial expires..
Your presence should always be remembered so dress the par
why aren't you going back? What happened?
for the record team names: "CarlosSpiceyWiener" and my wife's is "Short bus Raiders" yeah, she's a special ed teacher.
Black veil brides is on the avengers soundtrack...odd
Spectacularly beautiful Sunday! The day I most look forward to seeing. The one who lights up my heart & face w/ a smile. My favorite by far!
Where Can You Go? Mt. Washington. Why? 2night & have a few pints & cans with the folks from from 8-10PM
I'm starting a #Bridal Registry for all my clients and their friends!
I want her friend tho. The nerdy looking one that likes girls lol.
dont play with fire
lets go!
Looking forward to #bikefit technology demo's booth & some wind tunnel meetings with manufacturers
Driftwood? I think I'm still a member.
I have a serious addiction to How I Met Your Mother
Airport hiking! A great fitness regimen!!
OH MY LORD
"DON'T EAT IN MY FUCKING CARE. Well, YOU can eat in my car. They can't though." I feel loved.
hey how are you hey today is my b-day I wish you was here
I had a dream about Magica De Spell.
get ready!!!! New DJSCOTTYCOLLINS MIX ARRIVES TOMORROW!!!!!
While O's green machine strives to clean-out America's old school autos, Finland's #FHRA vigorously restores & upgrades our discarded metal.
not gonna lie, can't wait to play travel trouble in the car on the way to Hilton head
Let's all get together soon!
follow me on instagram
I'd be surprised if Nuggets win game 7. Don't see it happening.
Happy, Happy Birthday!!!!
omg Ottawa and Dixon are on the map!
check out re: disrupting healthcare
ah, sounds interesting - remember pathauto is your pal
We were there, saw your great designs. Way to go!
Our new iPad journal app "eJournal" just released in app store! Search for "eJournal" on apple iPad app store now.
There are so many bronies at this convention. Oh, hello boy dressed as Rainbowdash.
New Party Bus getting close to completion and by far the coolest bus to hit the streets of OKC!
- morninq classes are horrible , but rather get it over with
Ok... I'm back on track! Now what!?
omg yes
I'm a happy woman !
hey any honky tonk plans while you're in Austin? I'm in a limbo where UX friends left and music friends not here yet.
#Twitter #Addicted .
luckily its no trouble, only because we are growing, but they are expensive.
8:00pm tonight! Part 2 of "My Image" on LA Talk Radio .com Listen in!
finish reading The Bad Guys Won bout the 86 Mets. The 86 Mets make the 90's. Early 2000's Yankees look like a couple of wimps
Ha ha -- yeah, we'd love that, too! Those bands are not anywhere near our affordable range.
If memory serves me right some ladies are getting together for pizza at waldos tonight. Check with on facebook : )
do people still say that? do you still say "winning!" too?
some of the community colleges can train in facilities maint. some do a good job in hydraulics maint.
I would give up everything for one moment with you; for one moment is better than a lifetime of not knowing you...
they better not hehe it's gonna be an epic game 4 and 5 :D
Alright its an upscale crunkness in the air...line is out the door.....POSH FOLKS
I really want my ps3 and Final Fantasy XIII-2 now please...
Who else is ready to rock out to tonight?!
My mom wanted me to use the car to go to the store but I'm to tired its me time! I know she mad lol
ur performance was amazing i loved it :)
Wow..almost passing out from a heat stroke at work. Thats cool.
This ice cream cone so good right now
Taco Bell Flow!
nice to have you back
miss you
Nice! 48F and sunny in twin cities; little early for #AAM2012--maybe explore?
Thanks for the RT!
Great way to get to LAX for much less!
we'll see about that.
Yay! Congrats, Teach!
Off to an amazing class! I always leave feeling inspired and creatively energized!
oh neither. Just a hard working 26 yr old. Lol
Yes we are RT : Plenty of great places. has been really open to meet-ups.
TREE INFO-Keep watering your newly planted trees-Even when it rains!
I don't wish to be everything to everyone, but I would like to be something to someone.
What film was it!?
RT : Obama says, "Lock your doors"
I feel the same
Super tired. Ready for the day to be over. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
ok good:) I'm so sorry for snipping at you!!
he leave the 24th so I still have a little while before he leave and your brother leave pretty soon!
nah its just my tits arent big enough to notice me
Sad to hear Sarah Welsh plans to leave the helm at NM Foundation for Open Government, next year. She'll be missed.
Watching Pooh Bear before bed...with all my stuffed animals on my bed. :)
LATIN WAVE is playing tonight at 830-1230!
Hope everyone has a wonderful weekend!
SAME THING I SAID
Morning people, another fresh day in your life. Don't waste it on nonsense.
I now know how I would react driving thru/in a tornado. Not pretty.
RT When architectural texts overuse the word erection.
you can have Niall now
Think he played baseball, too, so he gets to lend his "expertise" to both sports.
Tonight's show at Stoli's has been cancelled due to an illness. Sorry everybody.
if you #love #bread, then check out our LoveBread! It stimulates your brain!
People looking at me cause Im tweeting and laughing!
stuck in the cold..stuck in the cold..no place to go..cold guns bloooowwwwowowowo
can't believe its coming up on a year... crazyness. Miss you, get your butt to the east coast asap. Love Love
If you are uneasy every time someone rubs you the wrong way or you are rejexted, how will you ever get polished? You can STAND / OUT.
the apogee duet 2 is now in my ownership and possession. aw yeah!
If you follow then the van will start competing in NASCAR events. Who would drive? cc:
@ thanks Thomas. Hope you had a great weekend.
Often imitated, never surpassed. Thanks for making Wild Thursdays the HOTTEST Thursday nite!
Have a badasss weekend, we are following back!
Had a game day convo with today! Never heard him more focused then today. That's a man on a mission right there!
FOLLOW ME
BIT : A word used to describe computers,as in 'Our son's computer cost quite a bit ' - Alfred. E. Neumann
Power restored = AC on! I'm excited about working around the house today.
i really really hate history homework...
Sell your cell phone here! We repair all electronics!
Hahahahahaha this one really gets me
already done. Had no choice
But a best friend will go up to him and say, "It's because you are gay, isn't it?"
No I don't know everything BUT I do know enough to make me Dangerous!
Surprisingly, on this first day of wearing shorts in 2012, my legs are not as translucent as I had expected them to be.
Now I'm at the SLA Fellows and Rising Stars panel - go Clara!
I would totally be sprinting there if I was in TX!
I feel the need to leave you just because I dont want to hurt you.
yes he'll do it, are you still in SF?
ANA! Go to my profile!!! You'll understand when you get there!! Love you <3!!
#SACK Can't handle the GRILLED CHEESE!!!!
Thanks Chris! I love kicking arse when possible!
We'll do our best to oblige! :)
ha(: my point exactly! im only 12..:(
I would have much rather LOVED if that was on the other end of that beating
Getting some projects done and just in need of family/friend time :)
All anyone wants to do anymore is smoke pot...
i've now gone bowling with both The Wanted AND Channing Tatum this week lol #TooMuch :)
have fun in the studio. Do well!
A teenager what a bunch of liberal lowlifes they are.
advertise your business
Niggers are so fucking stupid, slow, and deaf. Wtf. How did they get pass the first grade. I'm tired of Ben Davis Niggers. Blacks r diff.
Mourdock knocks off Lugar in U.S. Senate primary
ROFL! I couldnt go back to sleep :P.. And Merrp they must suck!
This is amazing! You've really captured FOT. Thanks!
Helped take down tents today at Occupy, not one single needle or piece of hazardous waste. Just mice! EEk! Shouldn't have worn sandals!
I know, I know. But our generation may be the last to know or care...
yes excited 4 this years! : #GayPrideParade just got mentioned. teacher was in it. survived it. you were there too
lol I still need to get it checked out cuz it hurts worse than a twisted ankle
Just dropped off Little People at the hotel. Cool dude.
Son Como Son (((This Friday))) @ Salsa Under the Stars!!! 7pm!
It's lunch time!
Wenger says beating the top teams is vitally important. The last 2 yrs have shown Arsenal are just not strong enough
i was JK BUT SRSLY. we can go to the park?
Let's get it done tonight LAKERS!
Rip dj jazzy josey. More than a DJ she is my nieces grandmother
It's raining & I don't have a chick & the ps3 broke
You seriouslydisgust me.
yeah sure
Can't wait for the new season...let's just say my doorbell is a pineapple.
not if I kill you first hoe!
RT A big "Thank you" for the
that is pretty much the coolest tweet, ever!!! You are my new hero!
#NowPlaying Every Little Thing by <U+2665>
haha Ight kid sounds good you still have the same number ?
#TPBookTitles Fumbles at the 50: My Struggles at Ohio State
RT ok. Sure! Just let me know when u r available to talk in more detail. Best days for me r fri & sat. <--that works
what you need?
you couldnt handle me even if i came with an instruction manual(;
Wow New York we got a foot and half of snow.
The US military can't/won't fund any candidate. And if they could, the guy cutting the DOD budget isn't it.
twitter is kind of pointless.. yet i still continue to tweet
CQ Today, today: A breakdown with Meg Scully of some of the issues surrounding the detainee provisions of the Senate defauth bill.
No matter how much money someone makes if they still think like a broke person, they're broke
Oomf know I want ha but she playing !
Returned last night from a great three days of team meetings with two of our PGA-Tour clients Tom Pernice Jr. and Ben Crane.
Im going to buy an electric guitar :) if my mom would let me :| but i wanna lear how to play it though :)
First day of class went well. Gotta study for my test tomorrow.
I think they sippin on i can fxck with him juice
Going to see The Raven with the madre.
get back in your cage!
Do you all post up grants, etc?
RT if you believe me :)
u know thats what u said. Lol
shorter Rep. Denny Mac: "folks, this is common sense"
Mat Class Sale: TODAY ONLY : 10 classes ONLY $100. (That's saving $15/class!)
General Meeting tomorrow at 1 PM! Be there! :)
talked my mom into getting me the iphone :) well hopefully... lol
hey again!!Mate!! Lol luv to say that!!!!
Lady at hardware store: I need a hinge. Clerk: Wanna screw for that hinge? Lady: No, but I'll blow you for the toaster.follow
#SMPP I wanna be a shaker!
Peer pressure is a bitch and she my best friend! #
im scared to touch water when it lighting & thunder cause i watch too much tv o.O
Get down here! RT : Having a great time dancing to this badass DJ where you at?
LIES I hated code Veronica! :p
This is some BS! #makesnosenae!!
Are you serious
#worstpassword 12345..... 12345? thats the same combination i have on my luggage!
RT : Welcome to our official Twitter account! Follow us!
another Monday another school day -.-
ha! maybe that's how stuff like enron and the ponsky scheme happened...
There's something about that Get It Done by that just makes you close your eyes and raise your drink like you at the liquor house.
I am definitely into formalities.
If you can find a path with no obstacles, it probably doesn't lead anywhere.-- Frank A. Clark
aww shit its caking time for lovely couple & .....love is in the freakinn air
Congratulations! RT : And Kappa Theta brings home the title of Regional Ms. Black and Gold! Congrats Megan!!
BABE I CAN TALK TO U BOUT SUTTINREAL QUICK HIT ME UP
I always get super sad while watching videos about the wars.
I did when I had time!! I have been wanting to get them done, no joke;)
Tracking the Oracle+Sun webcast over
that's awesome! I should be there late, mañana noche to see our new Zeckovich family member!
I need a job. Someone hire me. I'm really good at office work and sex but I can't accept less than $15 an hour for either.
i always wanted to be an actor
Here is a toast to all the fallen #Soldiers and current Soldiers who continue to protect our freedoms. God bless America!
sounds like you had a great time!!
Shout out to my man for stopping by the pad and coppin a ticket for tonight's album release show!
never going to make sense
You got to hand it to Phil, when he flames out, he flames out in SPECTACULAR fashion!!!
same as robert sallie pills??
One of our therapist just signed up, and is quite excited and hopeful, for her first TRX class. What's your experience with TRX?
Why did I recently start caring.
start fresh for a #freshstart ;P
thank you Ali!
Yes it did.
On behalf of Ruru, BearBear tweets :Night-night. I learned this word today."night-night"
Wondering how can only have 1 notary working? 10 employees have said hello, but none can notarize. Unbelievable.
K somebody help me out here...how can I watch Mad Men online?
Kev, sounds good, was just in prague, vienna and amsterdam so was close by but not close enough...
Some days are full of surprises
I wonder who's signing autographs at the Browns Draft Party.. Anyone know??
every girl/woman #herowrld was amazing today. Taking a step towards being all you can be. Her World
How can I incorporate hand weights into my routine?
Office design is done! A sketch to reality. Raise a glass of red to toast. Now
#chartership Great idea! Will look forward to it.
Going to get my #TrampStamp either tomarrow or next weekend
RT : Measurement is only necessary when the result isn't blindingly obvious.
That nap killed my headache. Hallelujah glory days.
PLEASE follow mee(: it would make my life, I've been trying to get u to follow me forever<3
Yeah,she's THAT Dumb!!!
Rabbit Romping in the sun with the little one !
nice Trace! Kill it tonight mate!.. hope all is well! Ciroc and lemonade when you get back.. have fun!
My mom is out to get me since I wasn't living up to her standards
I hate that guy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Email me at dejiac[at]gameradvice.com and we will get specific =)
RT VCU Chartering Banquet. Congratulations gentleman!
Direct deposit is so convenient
im small enough u should just take a large suspicious man purse and ill hide in it :p
That's wrong on so many levels but, LMFAO ... *Drops Head*
Keep your head up when running, nothing like barreling down and running as fast as you can... right into a tree or light post
Dont waste ur time sobbing after yesterday and start smiling for tomorrow
I don't wanna get up....
they had to move to a lab (had a hard time in gallery without a head tracker)
My Son Is Really Kicking TF Outta My Stomach So Im Finna Lay It Down!
One Game.
notarial hands from any age are difficult, and certainly more frustrating than presentation mss. lecture notes, however...
It's a fuckin rap!!!! I just remembered I got enough to get a tool.
gave us an Almond Roka (?). Now my throat itches. She's trying to knock off the competition!
Apparantly #TinkerTaylorSoilderSpy was/is also a TV series in Europe.
LOVE Arya's face when she tells Tywin "Anyone can be killed."
Yeah, but where's the warranty on those hours of your Friday night? Hope u get 2 start ur weekend soon.
What happens to the losing team's cupcakes?
4 months of patient chivalry and courtship down the fuckin drain. feel for me twitter
#shame is right Berube. I AM very busy....catching up on #downtonabbey. It's a masterpiece classic
GovBrewer must B so proud banning #PP funding 4 pap smears & other lifesaving women's health tests. Idiot! Zero #PP funding was 4 abortions.
It's not?
Please follow me !!!<333333333333333333333333333333
Went to bed with a sweater on and a heated blanket
Some people need a serious reality check..
so I think I'm just gonna watch easy a instead of reading the scarlet letter. It's like the same thing, right? (:
we hunted in Wisconsin last week and came home empty handed. Like a magic eye pic. Once you see 1, you see them everywhere.
Albert Einstein was an avid body builder. (thanks to Eric Snyder)
won't get to see you as often though! Ha
Knoxville, Tennesse is the number one place in the country for spring allergies. Figures. Ha not suprised :p
fist bumps ok. Also I don't do stubble. & I'm a chick among many who knows her damn stuff. Thanks for asking!
aww wish u could b there
I have infinite confidence that Shero could achieve this shipwrecked in the Bahamas w/ only a coconut, 3 sticks & a banana
say hi to bendtner for me! :D
Na, if she dated Lindsay Lohan then I would be intrigued and horrified at the same time.
spring break fever is consuming as well as its writers inspired posts heading your way!
I still have 2 Rose Bowl tix to unload. $150 is face value for each.
The Black Swan 2
THRILLED to be working with this week- we're gonna have so much fun! xx
A woman is like a tea bag; only in hot water do you realize how strong she is. - Nancy Reagon
my students are great!
definitely!! Are u having a party soon?
Saaaweet! Ditto ;) RT : great fun! Hanging w/you guys ... was the highlight of that party for me. Thanks again.
EVERYONE!!!!!!PLEASE RE-FOLLOW ME AT I GOT HACKED!!! REFOLLOW ME!! AND I FOLLOW BACK IF U ASK!!!!
listening to this makes me think of what we use to have & what we could still have . #imissyou <|3
it was good, but I like your other song "Critico" better
hi follow me
yea the second one and ur supposed to say how it was BEFORE we started talking
Why does it always feel like there are never enough hours in the day??
They make such big kids sizes! I think they go up to women's 7 or 8! I wear a kids 2 in Toms. ;)
Lame (and not unexpected). I think Facebook pages are the more sensible route. Thanks for the update!
Hey congrats! Let me know if you get a screened in garage!
Swim Marathon - global effort - careful to not be too spammy. Helps if you have many helpers instead of just one megaphone
yeah I watched the whole thing, I was freakin out. It really was incredible
Only lost 2 games yesterday
I want to be the first woman president.
Please refer him as Soup Kitchen
After a great night @ Confidential, today a lazy saturday.. totally!
Peacocks terrorizing the middle class
What can we do for you today shirt lovers? -New ideas everywhere today
#EBUS118 uses social media to reach out to its consumers - took this #EBUS118 class last year
Loving this new I phone
holy tits that's awesome looking.
Just ate an entire piece of Cheesecake Factory red velvet cake and now I'm pretty sure I can take ALL OF YOU ON CMON FIGHT ME ASSHOLES
Am I currently weeping over buying my 1st pair of Gap jeans NOT from Goodwill? Yes. Yes I am.
done with football for the night, back down to the studio.
Love it!
What are your favorite Houston area bands? We wanna know!
“: By all means, move at a glacier pace #thedevilwearsprada” - you know how that thrills me.
Lmfao , I Told Kaylah She Weighs " 2 Pents " . I Honestly Don't Know Wtf I Was Talking About .
#RejectedFuneralHomeNames We Got Bodies Over Here
so glad to have worked with Michael...helped him sell records..i did promo on his Dangerous album, gave him a Gold single for his label MJJ
Cribbs Jersey...check...Designated Driver...check...sitting at Quaker Steak in N. Canton check...your pick ??
You just want to stroke the wooly sheep.
Thanks for the RT earlier this week!
until next monday. You can choose a soda if you'd like. Just show your check in to your cashier. :)
same here. I think everyone that is a professional is on the same page
is it filthy enough to be worth my time?
I still so love Buffy.
getting knowledge all day
we still in the BUILDING!!! YouTuberadio.net AFFICIAL GORILLA POSSE UNH HUH!!!
When I'm about to follow someone on twitter, I go through their tweets to make sure they're worthy. That last person was not.
New Trailer coming soon for The Suicide Blogs...stay posted
My children have developed great character, morals and values. Fathers teach your children by example.
my dad seriously makes me feel awful about myself sometimes
Never Follo<U+03C9> your heart, it may be blinded by love. Follo<U+03C9> your dreams & live life to the fullest. No restrictions, no hesitations. <U+2665>
Shannon Treece from KY OVEC Ed Cooperative, loving getting ideas to share with districts I serve. Attending #2012NationalForum in Louisville
great point + name
Working on Movie
GoodMorning back from Florida ready to get it in!!!!
watching your wedding special and you made me cry really.
I have remedied the situation and expunged your doppelganger from my rich virtual tapestry.
“We are all broken and wounded in this world. Some choose to grow strong at the broken places.” - Harold J. Duarte-Bernhardt
Congrats!!! We'll be rootin' for ya! RT : , i made it into the Joliet Rialto Idol!!!
Changed the name and the sound and ditched the DJ Mixes. EP to come soon. DM me if you're concerned.
what do U think Reggie is thinking about? I guess the coaching staff did know what they were talking about brining in Collins
I just saw Shelby Larson speak at the Internet Marketing Summit in Atlanta - she knows her stuff!
well please keep us in the loop about the progress. we love a good story.
Eat more fiber
but the opinion is a self, does not mean its best to state in a forum that spells out a person
#HuskyNation is back in full force! U.C.O.N.N...#UConn..#UConn...#UCONN. #BestUConnTeamEver. Lets get ready for Bulldogs.
one of my first models needs to come see me and my new studio...just saying :)
Prayers for Japan and those affected by earthquake.
Possibly! I work with a whole bunch of guys that get on their radio grind.
I hate how I look like a model in the morning, but by the time school's out, I look a zombie.
Ryan refuses to be specific about what loopholes he would eliminate and for whom
I'm Donna. Digital Services Manager at a public library in San Diego County.
Going to see "Think Like A Man" tonight.
So happy for and - much deserved wins!
All of my followers please follow please
"Everything in our society is premised on inequity..." -Pedro Noguera
I really wish people would limit podcasts to 20-30 minutes, max. #devops I'm looking at you, DevOpsCafe ;)
ran today. this time for you.
Hold up......! RT : Book The Delta Flight For ATL!
you're a gem, and i always observe the
Who was that last guy on the #bachelorette?! can someone say YUM
your pops be inda popeyes commercials saying Louisiana FASSTT
Remember nerds, we're gonna bring the nerdy swag, and so should you!
Criminal Intent audition. Good vibes my way people.
who has AWD? i do!
Check my tweets, and I'll check yours, get fun
you're birthdays right now?
Glad you think so! Let me know if you have questions about Happy to chat.
My freshman year high school I lived on the chocolate ones for breakfast.
You keep doin your thang too girl! I'm so proud of you too!! xoxo
It will be my first time working away from my son so I am so sad too! :(
“: But lightskin girls cant fuck”HUH???!
When u have experience a bittersweet moment, focus on the sweetness.
Am using Hypnosis for Non Actors as well as actors for Memorization and Self Esteem Issues. Great for Children as well.
All hops for superbowl Sunday. Founders devil dancer, 3 floyds alpha king, and boulder mojo risin.
Enjoying the Masters...thankful that Jesus died on the cross for us...a wonderful day!
Lol. Then good job!
My life is a roller coaster that resembles a tacky dragon embedded with ink on the typical asian male's back.
Book Review: Cary Grant: A Life in Pictures. Edited by-Brice Dh Yannerbier
The sure-thing boat never gets far from shore. -Dale Carnegie
Let me know if u get a hit on the old magazines donation. I've got some too.
., it was great chatting with you about Dove's new Show us your Skin campaign and getting the scoop on your summer beauty secrets!
Gary Neal is headed to the locker room with trainer Will Sevening.
Got Me Feeling Like I'm 75 Damn Nigga Aint Even Seen 30
I love how is always random when he's not singing... Seriously, "supeerrrrrmaaaaaann" lol. #1DVideoDiary hotness<3
These lil girls think "he'll never leave me if I have a baby" #Pause <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6> irrational & illogical thoughts, smack all the girls <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
#WhenBlackFolksThrowAParty always some form of Chicken...fried...baked...barbecue..
oh yes we will babe ;)
Thanks to you! RT “: Looking Gorgeous!”
since your in NYC...would you like to surprise me at my sweet sixteen on Friday? ;D PLEASE. <3
u can buy it on itunes :)
~..|++ THE CRUNKEST PARTY ON A SATURDAY NIGHT SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Bout to get on instagram *
Try transforming your blog posts into Power Point presentations that can be posted to sites like Slideshare.
please follow me it would make me the happiest person alive. and would make me feel beautiful :D
Happy Birthday to our man !
how do u make people best friends
Bruce Lee estate licensees allege unauthorized distribution of documentaries by Amazon and others.
You know my name, not my story. You've heard what I've done, not what I've been through.
What about 12-12-12? You planning on going somewhere by next year?
I don't argue with simple females... That's free promotion ! #GetLikeMe .
I am beyond excited for this next year. Although I have no idea what the Lord has in store, I have complete faith in Him to guide my steps.
I started interning when i was 16 but thier is no right age to start the more experience you have the better you will be
“#Imagine *having a pillow fight* You: I'm gonna kill you!!! JB: Not if i kill you first. ;) *takes shirt off* You: *DEAD*”
So much code
understandable. You know I'm treating you like I'd treat Sami.
TKS AGAIN BOO SMILES ,,,
P.H.A.N Crew till I die ! Fuck man need to party ! Been to long
I think I'm going to quit.
RT : u can never have a dull moment w/ these guys ! Napkins armed & ready.
Starting to look like it will be a busy summer of recording at
YAAAY IM GETTING A NEW PHONE!! my old one is a piece of crap. Bye bye stupid phone, hello new one :D
Go bucks! My oldest is at OSU & my 18 y.o. is on a bus to OSU right now for wknd. Where are u guys?
to keep up in the "who can be the better lariah" contest, taylor bankus had to go and get married too :P
aww, the feeling is more than mutual. :)
I work with a girl who hit 11 batters in a softball game...in ONE inning!
now all is left is basketball tomorrow .
A reading of James Cone's Cross and the Lynching Tree ably renders points in that book meaningless.
And the guys who aren't young have been awful - Drobnick supposed to close, Ochoa supposed to set up. Both have been bad.
Do Ya thang Miss Jackson Love You
Aw Okay(:
it's simple don't smoke the blunt down to the end!!
RT : RT : #VERGECon 7 words for comprehensive utility reform: "an act of Congress"; "demand competition"; "standards"
Sounds about right. Also, reading, thinking, scheming, dreaming . . .
hes the one who turned me in for partiality on coaching.he still lives with his momma.
. now tackling the question of cheating with clickers. Solns: monitor, low overall stakes, make clicker Qs valuable to learning.
i'm stressing myself out pretty hard, just fyi.
“: Belichick, about evaluating Tebow: "I would look at the win-loss record"”( the Hoodie of Belichick has great insight )
I will never regret having my engagement at Driscoll dining hall, even if the relationship didn't work out.
not me. I run SRAM, Tuck runs mavik and ran fulcrum. Nice.
I am RAILING my captains license studying!! Pretty stoked that I'm memorizing all this!
fam click the link in my Bio I used 1of yo beats the song is called boss check it out
never heard of it but im on netflix all the time. ill have to check it out
no haha it's better that way
If you say "you don't mind, do you?" after doing somthing really rude, is it ok?? Uh hell no!!
yay tweet mentions
happy birthday!
#interviewtip (DEC GRAD) when u graduate, treat job searching like a full-time job. Get up early & search avidly til u find a perfect fit
She out celebrating nurses week!
The blunt is lit...
That's awesome!! Thanks for checkin out the boys!
Lol, I love those bands!
s'all good, dude. I don't really care.
cant believe Justin's gonna be 18 remember watching OneTime, watching him get all his awards watching his movie? omg :')
That was fast
I was reintroduced to how much I love doing cannonballs today.
Good =) Well take care have to close for tonight=)
Goddamn Thrill, that was hilarious. I had to go to a party hosted by the Hollywood Foreign Press Association.
Austin's smile, voice, laugh, eyes everything about him is perfect.
o ok.
you can't tell me that if you were getting played by some girl you wouldnt want to know..don't give a smartass reply
my favorite Frank song once again. You know just how to cut to the core of me, Baxter.
and since retweets it, folks from NYC see it and respond. The power of the retweet.
lets go vikes!
Good night
- you got it. Will check out your site this week. Innerwebz out in neighborhood this evening :/
Again has done something amazing and been under appreciated!!
caffeine, sugar, and video games. good day so far
what is the make of your car?
Keep it up! Make your heart healthy. #healthyliving (:
Gonna go buy Arizona later
thanks :) hope yours was amazing!!
I wish I didnt have any feelings so I wouldnt have to deal with them
Dying to see the boys. Please add a Seattle date.
C'mon shitty you can beat manure and make it an awesome end to the season.
If everyone exercised their right to a jury, the criminal justice system would.
Thank you for the RT !
My professor has chalk all over her shirt and all I can think about is Mean Girls when Miss Norbary takes off her top and her tank top s ...
have a great day u x
Front Page now Caters. Contact 202- 296- 6500 for information
Brian Urlacher and the dude from The Darkness in the same commercial = awesome
Just keep pushing and it will pay off
YES!!! Isnt it sad that us two and are the only ones on twitter that's joining us?
It's the Rose Ceremony. Lindzi looks like a supermodel, Nicki looks like a toga party, Courtney...well she's a skank.
Why Instagram is Terrible for You, and Why You Should Use It
"I'd like to steal me one of them pairs of boots especially"
lol...wait, so, rain forest with none of the good stuff?
When you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself. — Wayne Dyer
is that how it looks? The color is called medium auburn and in my bathroom it looks really dark...
Thank you for follow me here on tweeter! Thanks! =)
*Buys magazine* *Flips page* Boring *Flips Page* Boring *Flips Page* OMG! ONE DIRECTION *Reads*
Give me a break. You ARE a bank by now. A big, understated basic cable bank.
no its not wavy dude, its highly unattractive, yo im in nyc you were suppose to link up with me a while back smh
you should make it 21 and do mine too :) hahaha
Stop tweet watching so I know its real. Lol
Seriously .... Best new artist is....???
YES, I am in Orange County today--and it does! How is the makeup business going, Lauren?
If replied to me I would cry of happiness in the corner <3
Sorry if I don't do #FF anymore !! I have way to many followers that I talk to but I do love u all and appreciate ur ff's for me so Ty
Happy St Patrick's Day Twitter Peeps! Have a bit of #craic. #slainte!
Rewatched "Corridors of Blood" (1958). Surgeon in 1840 London conducts anesthesia experiments on himself. Way bad idea.
Simple Membership sites can quickly increase your monthly cashflow for your business.
i just wanted to take them to tell you that ur my favorite ;) <3
Oohh had a lovely sleep and rest :)))) loool x.
you're so smart, Ben.
FOR THE WIN. RT : "Art is not just something you pass on the street. It's a way to solve innovation problems."
#kids Toddler Storytime at Irving Central Library, Tue, May 15 7:00p: Toddler storytime will engage young children through stories,...
looked absolutely beautiful tonight and I'm so happy to call her my friend<3
The conclusions that they come up with for those Direct TV commercials <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> >>>>
I'm game! What time?
The Rob MIchaels Band is live Thursday 12/16 @ The Viper Room in LA () more details on this event for charity coming soon!!
Pretty exciting time (read nerve wracking) but my debut novel is coming! No day job yet but Im writing like a fiend.
BTW In Hawaii we dont all speak Hawaiian, i no maybe 5 words in hawaiian&We Dont Always Say ALOHA! Actually NEVER!Were Not much Different...
It<U+FFFD>s interesting to notice that a lot of the time homeless people have exceedingly well-trained and calm #dogs!
Check out the new story on "Cadence" and the acoustic song they performed for us. Great sound. Incredible voice.
I hope you went to the Air & Space museum...
Diet?? Never lol
I'm going in. And it'll be 10 long boring hours before I come out. Brace yourselves. Think happy thoughts.
What do you call those boxes on the Web w. squiggly characters -- that ask you to transcribe?
Made it to LA, waiting for my family to arrive in a couple hours to start vacation. In the mean time, I'm battling montezuma...
Making some awesome food tonight.
It was a lovely evening with old friends and new :)
thank you! they need all the luck they can get!
And for the first time, the #Oscars only runs 10 minutes late.
“: #WTDY Everything at Noon wins best news radio show!! Wisconsin Broadcasters Association!” Congrats!!
RT": Kent, WA on Thurs.. Marysville, WA on Fri..Seattle, WA @ the Hard Rock Cafe on Sat night.." GO..U won't be disappointed!
My last post made me sound Irish.. And I love it.
“Boredom comes from a boring mind.” <U+2015> Metallica
"Jessica just called you cute Lexi!" "Really?" "Yeah *laughs*" :P No really, i have to go. Talk to you later Boo!
- Rose bowl was AWESOME!
Wish I had my phone with me, BL is wearing white camo pants & jacket. Only her, I swear.
I just ate breakfast there yesterday morning & it was heaven. I was like, this is what I've been missing?
it was incredible. Definite must. Hope all is well.
pretty much.
It's like a terrible tattoo convention here. Fabulous!!!
The Super Committee is a #superjoke! No surprise they have failed their duty!
I like older disney movies like cinderella snow white and sleeping beauty ok u can stop laughing I am a romantic
In order to have a good business, you have to have someone who understands business.
You always go to the best restaurants! Where is this?!
lol i thought i was the only one who knew that lol
“: any of you ever have Seven Kings beer?” nope? What is it?!?
Come to "In The Mix" tonight for a chance to win a 50.00 gas card, a free social media campaign, & more! See you all tonight @ Aurum Lounge!
Bikram yoga class complete! Hard to believe I've been practicing for a year now! Love it!
Local since forever. I love it....
Metric system. Ha! That went the way of the other 70s dream, personal jetpacks.
man, That's a bit harsh
I locked myself out of the inner part of office today. I "broke in" by climbing through the reception window.
Hey Have another drink ... you loser!
Last two days of solitude before kids are out of school for the summer. Should be writing, but all I can do is smile at the silence.
You may have to fight the camp counselor!
Beers at custom built burger
amen to that I def belong to this
Bartending ! Tell the door ur here for me or Monica and get on "THE LIST" and get in for free and drink specials! *muah*
on twitter
I have a lot of jeans that look a lot alike.
very nice view
Teal definitely looked like he needs a little more developing for USMNT Unfortunately
“...In me you may have peace. In this world you will have trouble. But take heart! I have overcome the world.” John 16
old hands? Is that you? Lol
Good morning..
Omg I can't wait for friday
to 11:11 and now to #SAYSOMETHIN !You have came so far,I'm so proud of you!<3 I love you ; your song is perfection! <3 11
In other words,at what point will you admit that you were wrong about Limbaugh? Give me a day.
OMG I Miss You soo much!! Your welcome!! I Love You!! xoxo
yeah. I saw this, thanks for the share!
Happy birthday to !!
thanks! “: Shout out to ”
RT : I enjoyed The Artist. It was enjoyable. / I enjoyed your tweet because it was shorter.
Rusted Root, Get the Led Out & Molly Hatchet just a few of the names coming to this year's Party in the Park series
hahahah so true!!
funny how this at & t mms stuff has sucked me into its weird orb
u but it did to me.
You. Girl. You right there. You look like you like this shit.
We'll laugh, we'll clap, we'll pretend we're all okay.
thanks! I moved down to Raleigh, now I do human resources work for Aerotek (they are a staffing agency).. they keep me so busy!!
I have sent three emails about puppy adoptions. ONE WAS ALREADY ADOPTED AND I FEEL SO EMPTY.
cool slideshow, D.C. is conservative and Spain is a progressive place…seems to make sense!
you're hilarious I wish you were my best friendd hahah
Wishing I was in new buffalo this weekend, but I'll have to settle for the chi
Couple mins in and #jimmyfallon is already freaking awesome
Agreed, great event! Welcome to Detroit D4D.
girl, thanks for following! You are amazing.
I may be a flirt ; but in a relationship I am so faithful.
Okay, not just Twitter: all of the Internet and probably cable news. On par with the birth certificate stupidity. C'mon, people.
Miami is amazing!!! Ur gonna love it I hope I can meet u <3
Lol She Probably Sleep.!
Yo we need to link up bro...seriously!
Let the games begin!!
is a down fan she always mentioning me
Ricky Bobby!!! Can't get anymore American
#3WordsOfAdvice Call My Lawyer
At 2500 feet! :)
....marrying ppl who are in debt (student loans, car loans, mortgages, etc, etc) unless all your shit is PAID, u can't marry me
Fun time at the Braves game tonight. Sounds like I missed an odd Sox game. Glad MLB.tv has my back
Our song is on, "Payphone."<3333333
How is the food
Everyone #follow and he will
I guess?
Today's Quote: "Motherhood is the the bravest battle that ever was fought!" - Joaquin Miller
Best friends know how crazy you are but they still choose to be around you in public. ;)
your welcome. Hope all is well.
I'm dedicated...
How can I be part of Inspired by Ian foundation?
Aw you're so cute. Good afternoon babe. :*
jt on degrassi i love and miss u
anyone want some free cds?
I can't tell if that loud noise was thunder or the train shifting tracks.
so wrong #HatersWillBeHaters omg if they are gana do that,should at least b funy. Sombody should have them sterilized. Send me link
Today has been long. Just got out the shower and is about to cook dinner, relax and watch me some disney maybe i can catch a new episode
TIME MAGAZINE POLL: Twice as many people support Occupy Wall Street than support Tea Party.
"I spent a year in that town, one Sunday."
#ThingsIThinkAboutTextingYou When Its Gonna Be Official. Obivously I Want U N' You Want Me!
Dukem is the best in town. It's not that fancy but the quality and authenticity is trumps any other in town. 12th/U
I wish I could play #tennis INSIDE.
Steven goes to bed at 9:30 sometimes. I don't see how he does it. But I'm jealous....Wait maybe if I got off twitter..
right on my brutha
what did Jimmy mean about " the way you're feeling "? You sick? And why do u not make appearances in the ford vid's? LOVE U!
Awww. Next time buddy. Just got back to Bmore.
Haha yeah right !
Lucifer in the Sky with Dragons
Laying groundwork for a new long term project today. Horse racing culture.
Hooray for bad calls.
Because of Albert more people realized today that I am on Twitter than the previous two years combined.
If you being loved showing love getting love you in love
give the ball to Otto
New Dodgers owners announce they will lower parking from $15 to $10. Thank you!
do you have a phone?
totes envy your job homegirl.
No I missed walking dead!! <U+E413> I need my zombie fix!
Shoutout to Kevinri everyone go follow him now! He is a cool guy!
'Have You Seen Her' or 'Think About It'
Back at ya bud!
Wow, I'm loving presentation slides - great visualization of the "field of intention".
I know, same! I got so scared when was like typing all the info in, i was like 'WHAT IF THE TICKETS SOLD OUT ALREADY" haha!
AMEN!!!!! RT : I find it funny when girls try to talk about a sport and they don't nothing about it
it was amazing you need to go see it like right now
Does anyone have this part: TMS320F28335ZHHA? I need 5 ASAP.
eww this couple is touching each other, please get a room!!!
being super hyper and crazy with in the apple store :)
Moving quickly towards our goal -- looking at late October now.
30 minutes to the encore airing of last weeks Amateur Millionaires club. Make sure to tune into MyAtl TV @ 10:30 tonight
#luciatix not like we could get there, but we should win, because you wouldn't like us if we were angry.
RT : Congratulations to who correctly answered Kimera Bartee. We will have another question tomorrow
I either love or hate the Internets. Nothing in between.
Are you craving ice cream today? It's your lucky day! #FreeConeDay at Ben&Jerry's Friendly Center with all donations to #GCM #SpreadTheWord!
There is SO much contention the closer it gets to me departing. I know it's Satan and according to D&C 10:5, I always come off conquerer :)
So what does that have to do with anything. Just sing the song. You get no passes.
Unexpected nerd observation from this weekend: tech startups really love horse races and seersucker. And hats. Lots of hats.
awww thank you! :)
Mike Smith to the bench for the extra attacker! Kings forecheck is outstanding, crowd is electric.
Have you heard ? .... "Metrics" coming soon
How do you handle managing personal vs brand pages on Google?
get it girl!!
Technology... is a queer thing. It brings you great gifts with one hand, and it stabs you in the back with the other. Carrie P. Snow
RE-USABLE BAGS = NO TAX FOR YOU || Re-usable Bags: Ex Wives
MT “ Can you get a stain out of my pants if I washed them already?” Depends on stain. Bring pants in. #Free if stain stays.
OMG I WANNA WATCH
so apparently im a cum guzzlin dumpster slut lol well thnx u thats nice thing some1 has said to me and yes i do swallow no spit
Are you kidding me? Brent is crying?
Whole bunch of 7 & 8 year olds dancing in my basement
NSN IS NOW OUT ON DVD, BITCHES :)
What's YOUR fascination advantage? How do you use it in your daily life?
Its a beautiful day in ABQ. Should have taken this weekend off.
Yes! RT : good morning everyone!! Tell someone you love them today and actually mean it!!
I got a great space for you to solve if you dare to venture into the land of cheese
Idea: Downtown Biz's should pony up for Ferry a la a Biz Imp Dist. &/or South Shore Towns.
4 am so in love with drew mcintyre .
I need coffee, too. But where?
I feel so bad for my coworker. She's trying to make small talk but I can't fake it. I don't want to be here and all I hear is gibberish.
ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass
A Good Friday & Passover wish to all...
Her trippy shirt smells just like her <3
embrace it
They're such collages that I remember some moments from one production and completely different ones from another.
For those wondering what that smell is in the cchs parking lot, I hit a raccoon today
OMG SAME <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Luckily not in a barn (sadly not for 'in a barn' prices tho.) In serious need of some TLC. We should talk, I'll fill you in.
AWW DAMN, THAT'S HOW I ALWAYS TWEET
New posts coming soon from and -- and some more scandal tomorrow from Samantha (ooh!)
Hey, I just met you, & this is crazy, but here's my twitter, so follow me maybe? ;)
I. Am. So. Cool
I did put then :|
Just read about your grand adventure. Best of luck!
I really wish your parents used birth control and a condom the night you were conceived.
Good Morning Raza!!!!
All Out, All Game, All Season
OMG awesome!!!!
watching ANIME and writing music lol
I don't believe so, but because they work for the federal government and academia, their contact info should be available
Thanks for the invite ladies
sorry for the delayed response but yours is the article I'd like to respond to specifically. I say "panic" bc no increase in...
you invited me
A nap sounds incredible.
goes through one ear and out the other!
No worries.
Laich takes the brunt of that blocked shot, gingerly skates off ice.
LION! I owe you a chat. Had to banana split after your show.
thanks! I've had Club Garibaldi and Classic Slice. Trying Elsa's tonight.
Fricking Pollard again,,
Thank u 4 tha Follow - Forest Factory - Cry if I want 2: via
Woops! I meant "worth"
Hope you've all "liked" PHAME Academy on Facebook - meet our charming cast of "Willy Wonka" each week until our show, June 23-24!
yes you do...
You can't win them all... but I can.
I just can't keep up with kids and their fashion trends these days. First Crocs, then leech jars. Where does it end.
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways try his hardest.
#Driftwoodsailers up next!
Thanks! Does your radio show get many listeners?
The forecast says thunder possible in LA tomorrow. I am way too excited about that.
I don't understand how ya move cause ya don't understand I will not lose who trill as me roll 2 a tree <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
that'd be to sick!
Gunna jus b sore & ta myself
My shot breakdown for the 3 minute scene alone will be longer than 4 pages... Oh film studies, what a fickle, arbitrary beast.
Oh yeah it's a cool bottle Fo sho
quiet* I make so few mistakes that they are hard to catch.
no phones in class!
Watching Project X. Cannot wait until summer!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
this coming Monday?
really? I was shocked. Usually employees are so nice!
Also funny --> RT : And there is the 1st douche bag whioux fan
Thanks for the RT today! Make it sizzle and smoke!
Ah yes.
too bad they never come to Greece or Cy, same as my book
Give Hawaiian Poke Bowl a shout!!!
Thanks ! We appreciate your help.
Thanks for the beautiful comment - we are all touched.
White Nixon on my left wrist!
I like it the way you move it right thurr, right thurr.
Hay u have a dog laying on ur face right now!!!!! Lmfao :)
Happy Sunday tweeters! We have #jewelers on site 7 days a week so come by #Paradise Valley Mall today!
Does it need to be revived if organizations have regular valuable communication?
CARTEL LA FAMILIA, BE CAREFUL WHAT SIDE U CHOOSE...
SEIU chanting + the band on the first floor = cacophony. It follows then that legislators will not be coming to the Rail. Boo.
The beings wasn't twirling in the air, they were motionless until they displayed their capabilities.
Reading #REWORK and loving it. Thanks for making my 9 hour delay at LGA tolerable.
That orange was on point
wha do you mean by "i got u" ??
up and getting ready for another work day, u?
I was so scared yesterday. I thought you really were going to talk about Gerald Ricardo Miris Jr. Keele for lollapalooza.
Getting ready to take flight during the Rapture. Hm.
Irony: These Jehovah's witnesses are likely going to hell for waking people up so early in an attempt to keep folks out of hell.
iight i got you. Imma get on right now
DO YOU WANNA KEEP WORKING AT A JOB? JUST OVER BROKE. I AM SURE MOST OF YOU CAN RELATE TO THIS. STEP OUTSIDE THE BOX AND BE YOUR OWN BOSS
True Colin. Interesting to see what new comes out at NAB
yeahh, seriously. I'll update it when my tweets become more regular
we'll settle this tomorrow
I know. Thant why I mentioned it.
log onto his account and get him to follow u if u really tweet for Justin
Beautiful I miss you too! Yes, bilocating has required much prayer and fasting but I've finally achieved it ; )
you're welcome! Im excited for you.
I've been deleted.
Ooooweee! It is steamy out there today my little cowpokes! But it is refreshingly cool inside the Cow today and the $5 Texas Ritas! Giddy Up
Thanks to and for retweets and mentions. Much obliged!
How do we align with #Health and #Education? Principal as leader, administrator as key communicator.
m watermelon :)
haha wow, there deep! :)
is it me or is Spaceballs a classic?
Going to bed night night
Vacay to Scotland in August! Any suggestions?
What is groceries? Sorry for my bad english :P
im just saying though....apologies don't fix broken hearts.
Fridge is acting up HELP
Same old attitude but Im on dat new shit dey say dey gone rob me see me never do shit dey no dats the reason dey gone end up on a news clip
She did f a greyjoy. That's how they got out. lol
was all excited about boosting til i saw all the whorebots online :(
#IfIwasPresident I'll fire all those boring teachers in school. Hahaha
Fuck off then bitch
The Mind Creatures (formerly the Pysche Orchestra) is opening up for the one and only Snoop Dogg on Feb. 10th! Get at me!
So glad that made it into the finale. He definitely deserved it. #sohappy #congratsphillip <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
the grabbing and pointing also helped.
out judging for the 21st annual city garden contest with Greater Newark Conservancy
I wish I had a big enough ass for the while world to kiss.
PEOPLE: vote Fun To Be Around Clown Dressed and ME-Best Smile
Even better in person!!
An idea we love: Repair cafes in the Netherlands put planned obsolescence in its place and teach to repair broken devices...
Newest Kindle is GREAT for reading PDFs. Tried earlier Kindle, Nook, and iPad, but this one works for me, Great contrast, weight & S/W.
Cool! Asked by to consider blurbing book on animals; realize 1/2 through, it's not just good, it's brilliant (Will cite soon)
Looking to buy or sell a Chicagoland home? Contact us today to learn how the current market will affect your options www.TheOertelGroup.com
Please join Bath & Body Bistro at Mama's Minerals @ Lomas and San Mateo tomorrow from 10-4. 144 vendors, music and food. Should be fun!
THE VOICE JUST DID THIS TO GET MORE VIEWERS. SKSNNSSKSNS
What brought you to Scottsdale? Did you enjoy your stay with us?
Stay alive long enough to publish it...
Complete game shut out!
Gus Frerotte thinks Mariano Rivera needs to stay away from walls
Same thing as the last games!! Too many damn second opportunities!!!
English class <<
DSW: Learning the people who knew Madison Hemmings helped to understand his move to Ohio.
Now we'll never know how many people were actually silenced.
I am shocked that they would have seen enough of Smash to know who he is.
Eating some chili..I'm cold and lazy.
A+ in theology. Hell yeah.
#beforetwitter I jerked off with my right hand.
23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #6: Goose Island Urban Wheat Ale 312 - Go #Cubs!
Music Up, Lights Down, Headphones In, Tuning the World Out...
": Happy Mother's Day, Tracy!"/Thanks, Deb! You have a great one yourself! Enjoy this gorgeous weather! <3
Les wants the #Nuggets to put this one to bed so HE can go to bed. #PastBedTime RT Put this f$%&er to bed already!
For some reason, my feet look abnormally large at the end of my legs tonight. Random.
same here haha I love there sweet tea!
congratulations on the new opportunity with !
I don't eat junk food and I don't think junk thoughts.
Ima email you k <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
ok.. i will
How do I get #HowardStern and #robertAbooey to the Tribeca Film Festival premiere of my Morton Downey Jr. documentary?
gdmorning I'm fine how r u lady?
Good morning world
#textanalytics understanding has variations across verticals, horizontals and even differs across applications! Examples coming up...
Practice What You Preach Or Don't Preach At All.
Hey! i love you Doctor Skalter hahaha Notice me! :)
Its cold in kahaluu tonight
Mahmoud #Ahmadinejad Received his PHD from a paper mill.
Kenzie be on one!
Good Morning #Baltimore! Let's make this week a great one! Today's word of the day is preparation! Preparation is the first key to success!
Gmail users experience outage - CNET
why you no come to Solofras ne mo
I LOVE YOU
have fun<3
no THANK YOU, my sunshine
Just finish hittin the 7th j, more to go.
LETS GET SOME SHOWS POPPIN!
Today was awesome I basically spent the day with the hottest guys in school so fun!!! :)
Mexican zombies?
Cali Christmas... Can You say- #Epic! WHEN IS THE #TAKECARE tour coming to LA? GOTTA get front row center or ill
Favourite this tweet, because your beautiful <3
You had to set an alarm to make sure you woke up by 4pm? You must be doing something right.
one earth...204 countries,809 islands,7 seas,7 billion people........and i'm still single
Wtf is this Cheddar's that just popped up in Avon?!
Today was my Dad's Birthday , Friday IS MY BIRTHDAY. #May Niqqa
RT : Sarah Palin has never been serious about retrieving a political office after quitting Als all she has been after is the money
Standing out here in the cold :(
Going into work early. After yesterdays SHIT STORM, I don't know if I'm ready. Oddly, hippies be real rude-core when they can't use credit.
Watch how Obama uses the Kony campaign for his own campaign.
We sure do! You can find Calcium gummies at :)
first thing in the am. I even use it as reading material in the bathroom. #tmi?
Thank you so much Robin!! This painting means so much to me and it was such an honor to meet the painter in person! This makes me happy
Boston ed struggles- haven't had a contract in 2 yrs, death by many cuts to col bargain rights.
psssshhh not only is it ok... its encouraged!
that's two hometown heros right there
You bet! He was great to go out there and rep some TGB!
I meant no disrespect saying cafeteria style. I was just trying to paint a picture for the readers. Thanks for the mention!
Prom may 5,boom
Lying sack of shit.
Take that young man on his prom pretty lady!:)
That terrible moment when you use your phone so much in school that you have to charge it as soon as you get home so it doesn't die..
wait. do you go to tumblr & edit profile? cause i cant find it on the free online userr thing
Why are all of the Willy Wonka profiles fucking hilarious -Big T
good. Does the City slow down a bit?
Do you sing? Share it on Good To Go.com
Legs are super sore from spin class on Tuesday and Bball tonight! But i had pancakes and eggs for dinner so that took my mind of them :)
Excellent Spa deal on www.crowdclick.com today! Don't let it pass you up!!!
You are an illegible address
you never send me one :(
my lil bro
Leavin for the baptism in 30 mins :) keep tweeting, we just wont reply til waayy later :P sorry! :)
Loving! My new underwear!!!!!!!
I think so too. I'm predicting Rangers vs. Devils in the ECF. That would be really interesting.
next tattoo: an ocean wave. i love summer. i love the beach. i'm really feeling this
Can u fall in love with the same person twice?
Good morning, lovelies! Just a couple more days left to sign up for our PACKAGE SWAP. Sign up today! tinyurl.com/3tddzzr
That was my jam going to fourth grade baseball practice.
I mean how could I not? If I'm going to get keys copied, they're going to be awesome.
There giving you a shot here boys! Now capitalize!
Wanted = sweetest song ever! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
I SURE WILL THANKS
Dr. Baybeck! I am enrolled in one of his classes for the fall!
are you looking on line or in the city?
Just put your skin baby on my skin.
My timeline: High-top Chucks as a kid, Vans as a teenager, then low-top Chucks in mid 20s
is so far enjoying the Magic Mouse a lot more than the Mighty Mouse.
I'm new to Arduino. Where is the best place to buy? I'm planning to make a sculpture.
Dreading work tonight. #NotInTheMood <<<<
The Hoole Library's new hours start today MWF 9 am -5 pm and extended hours on TTH from 9 am -9 pm!
thank you (: yes I work here every day
So, after a long night on the town where's your favorite place for #breakfast ??
I heard..Sadly Im gone Friday :( but lets hang next week and try and convince Tom to come Thursday instead!
Yes! Third Coast Publishers will be posting the release date of REBELS OF THETA next week!
Practice Safe Scissoring!!!
Where's the book return?
is taking care of business and enjoying life.Thank the Lord!Time to get busy!
Hopefully have my first client, emailed out first estimate for a high-end Chicken Co-op.
Making a sexy playlist! Any song suggestions?
i'm so happy for them! I bet Simon was ecstatic! :D
do u like the candian hats??
Why do you make comics?
that's certainly the toughest way, but I'd like to learn more about how to tell when it's time to quit the day job
Time to put the baby sheep in the oven!
Happy weekend to you! Take care...
would it be better if the 2 x 4 was painted to match the car? Lol
Welcome National Anthem Singer Lea Carranza for this year's event! www.hopeforfirefighters.org
An eye for eye only ends up making the whole world blind - M.K. Gandhi
Got bankrolls no stuntin
did you make it out to the Vevet room last night
I could write a thesis on the complexities of Mark Wahlberg's theatrical stylings.
UK cosmetologist sentenced for illegal tooth whitening
Is every conservative in San Diego calling into KPBS now :-)
Fuck! I need to get my ps3 fixed or get a new one, everyone's on ps3 for that game. :(
Chance is never quite chance, but that does not eliminate accidents.
“: If you missed an Easter service, check out to hear message... man is on fire #lovemychurch"
Dining with founders? Yes, plz. Great to meet you finally
Merck Profit Tops Analyst Estimates on Diabetes Drugs
love it!!
"We ignore the bulls*** in the bible about shellfish, dinner, slavery, virginity..." -- Dan Savage
To follow us on Twitter, text "follow TheCabotGroup" to 40404
i love you , you love me ..
You never know what the future will hold. Just stay positive and never give up.
feel like going to sleep early tonight. night twitter ha
The less that we say & the more that we do talks volumes to our souls. as to what we think of ourselves and the lives that we lead.
Ogt scores tomorrow ... Wish me luck (:
Cypress St from Yanceyville to Dewey St will be closed from Wednesday @ 9 am - Thursday @ 4 pm for waterline rehab. Use alternative routes.
DID YOU FIND IT MY LOVE?!? ;D
Left work early for you to see what you have to say to me..hope this is worth it.
you think he never had a concussion? you think his knees didn't hurt? impossible.
WHERE RU
I'm impressed by how Brouwer's modernity combines with folk and dance idioms.
n00b notes on oil #painting #3. Hey, twitter doesn't hash-tag numbers in a list! Far out.
yes, soon. I think I shldve gone w the sheppard's pie like you instead of the chicken pot.
Life 2.0 Can happen virtually the moment you choose. Let Designs by DeYoung make it tangible.
He pulled out a flip phone when he tried to get my number...
I just made the most amazing mac and cheese I've ever eaten in my life and i made them myself.
This weekend they stumbled across a MAJOR MOTION PICTURE SET and apparently braced some poor AD when they saw it was a zombie movie.
EU k
my mom is still mad at me cause i said fuck church. i just don't want her to be mad at me anymore. blehh
“: Uh that's been on the front page of our site since early this morning.” sorry about that.
north tustin , lemon heights
Earl Klugh ticket giveaway today at 3pm at Facebook/BluesAlley
You changed I can't go back
at hotel cleaning up. C calling ur C
Thank you for following, I will and do follow back. Enjoy today because tomorrow isn't guaranteed.
i was just sayin
that is frustrating. I you get the cma done though and secure the business!!
Cats fed It's 28F out there in April. Strange.
Safe to say that money comes in from discovering ways to make money from cyberspace!
Sometimes I just wann go home.
"Writing is more difficult than making a really hard game." --Michael "Kayin" O'Reilly, creator of 'I Wanna Be The Guy'
Yeah <3 But I wonder if he will come to Chicago again :'/
Good day at the park w. my mom nephews and Jesus (: baseball, kickball, and volleyball & a fucked up knee . I love that guy.
entry-level and experienced drinkers alike can buy in to scores/points/medals. Seems to serve as a vote of confidence.
It does sound like bagpipe. I'm guessing that plus the #SacredHarp song are supposed to sound "Celtic?"
In case you are missing the #NFLDraft, the crowd is What-ing the Commish.
“Only Irish coffee provides in a single glass all four essential food groups: alcohol, caffeine, sugar, and fat.”
Live Jazz this evening at Braxton featuring The Rose Colella Trio from 4-7pm braxtonseafood.com
Why do they have a red-carpet at WH Correspondents' Dinner? And why are there no correspondents there?
New episode now avail on iTunes! We discuss NHL & NBA playoffs, NFL draft busts & sleepers, & AMC's The Killing epi 6 "What You Have Left"
The mayor nominated Ms. Anne M. Selee, Dr. Cathleen A. Gray, Ms. Velva R. T. Spriggs, Ms. Faith J. Bonner, and Ms. Michelle Y. Rose.
ill miss you!
I told you to miss it...I knew she wouldn't be there...:-)
“: As I suspected, Newt "moon base" Gingrich is an alien” his noggin has always reminded me of a "Grey".
insecure ?? Get it together u know better hoes gone be hoes
The last day of Dance Is The Answer! Special classes today at Elements Fitness and Wellness Center, Maryland Youth Ballet, & Dance Place.
yes always punk(;
“: new products coming soon: shrimp starter soft shell crab main ribeye main rhubarb dessert”
May have taken "want a little Irish in you?" too far. Just injected a leprechaun into my bloodstream to find the pot of gold in my liver.
I'm glad u have a sense of humor! LOL
not at the moment. The warmest thing we have is windbreakers.
What makes dance such a fun and invigorating activity? Rachel takes a lesson from an expert at Shan Yee Poon's Ballet School (8/7/10) @ 5:30
sheer brilliance.
Imma make mines look pretty in da morning...iDont feel like doing it rite now :P
I swear I'm way more exhausted for doing nothing @ work than for actually working
workin on a campaign for a golf resort
lol I wouldn't go that far
this is NOT thirst
Round of applause, baby, make dat ass clap. Drop it to the floor, make dat ass clap.
And MFA thesis I is Advanced. Story bootcamp for your book. You'll see. We have a great time.
We aren't through yet, just wait! Great ideas, thanks for checkin us out!
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen I'm about to hug someone insanely sexy and I hit my face on the mirror.
it's not funny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> so embarrassing omg
God is really shaking things up in my life. Forcing me to grow. To leap in faith. To be bolder. Faith everlasting.
We're in. But I can't dismiss what might happen when Gloria comes on screen.
no one told me the BreakingDawnPart1 trailer came out!! Mood: Shocked
We'd like to see an artist rendering!
Exited about the N Williams of this Monday!!!
accelerometer on my Samsung Vibrant locked up, so it was time for a mobile mind-wipe. #android is a little too much like MS Windows.
Watching Our Idiot Brother in bed with The Hub :) Hope everyone had a fun day today! XOXO
We about to purrnnnn
kogi truck spicy pork sliders + short rib taco = happiness. now if only momofuku had a w. coast truck...david chang?
Been sitting in Seattle 40mins waiting for my ride. Thankful for this Beer right now.
Fro already scored....going with
If Aquaphor was a drug I would definitely have been featured on Intervention by now.
That would be lovely. I think IPO then Mobile is the priority right now.
Four days left. Then I have I take a few finals. Then it's time for #summerbreak2012 <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A>
link isn't working
Wait till you see how the no bells thing works out! Everyone just gets out of their class whenever
AND that grannie panties are not for public consumption.
I thought the video of pulling a blade, was both illuminating and distracting?!
Looking through this year's TT offerings in DH has made me realize how many different definitions of DH there are.
um just looked in2 da crowd. Bo Derek is like 8 rows back.
Much of the American coverage on #Egypt is disgusting. It's all about the Muslim Brotherhood. Proving their ingorance about this whole thing
get out this afternoon and support the Girls basketball in regional tournament play at Bellermine!
Megan and Liz are calling people, tweet them your numbers! :D
proud Packer fan :-)
"The priest will make an atonement for you, to cleanse you, that you may be clean from all your sins before the LORD."~Leviticus 16:30
The three great fundamentals to accomplish anything worth while are, first, hard work; 2nd, stick-to-itiveness; third, common sense.
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more. "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen" .
My stomach hurt :(
Alien or human, you are a "brand." | #Hasbro has gaming, story, and feature in the branding wheel house. How's 'your' branding going..?
love the updates. no need to apologize :)
Can you follow back?:)
Not my best work but passable I think.
": School is lame -_-" I KNOW RIGHT! UGH.
yeah man, great deal!
ON DECK!
hello. I just wanna see your face! And I need help finding my shoes for prom!
iBooks seems to render PragProg books better than Kindle. For non-tech, Kindle starts up faster. Much faster.
Hey that was cool! ;o)
Something is not right with a world where James Van Der Beek is allowed to play a crazed pedophile.
Adam Lambert Named Top Ten Gay Musician #PHOTOS entertainment.gather.com/viewArticle.ac…
Your Moving! Come To CALIFORNIA! You Have Mahomies Here too[:
appreciate that!!
RT : We will be closing early tonight for Our Holiday Party at 5pm. So make sure to stop by before then.
Wait, what? You mean alien ships CAN'T be hacked with a macbook pro and a serial cable? what? What? WHAT?
So I'm thinkin bout skate bordin at 2 a.m #ace world
Free time, time to finally listen to DC2
Planning to tackle the personalization beast, however briefly. ( Drop, meet bucket.) Meet you at the room or...?
Welcome! That sounds like the perfect state for great ideas :)
#dh11 #alt-ac #altac Is that just relative stability, though? Nothing's stable, but compare stability of altac vs private sector?
by Rochester. You're welcome to some if you can get cross-state faster than I chew. =)
I know I Iive in spanish Harlem and everything but why is it that everyone stairs at the gay white boy? We poor Too!
Wow... STUNNING. & Definitely gonna see Katy Perry: Part of Me in 3D.
Irish breakfast at Plough and Stars. I am deliriously full. YUM.
Think I'll just start saying & doing dumb shit like everyone else,seems like the new trend
3 am is gonna come way too early! But so excited for a week in Austin, Texas! :)
LOL! I THOUGHT I WAS THE ONLY PERSON WHO FELT LIKE THT
Do not use your own marketing money to promote someone else's site.
Alum event on the Hill hearing about Thomas Jefferson with
No matter what I do it will never be good enough.
Allen brain institute looking to consolidate into new facility to house doubled staff, new research efforts
“: Love to see that our guysdoing work for the USMNT and glad the schedule this year should help by not losing them during MLS"
Rev. Ray Kemp is at 's One City Summit today-be the first to tweet photo proof, we'll send you a free book
you gonna be coming down here this fall bro?
WOW! via RT : DOC Explore: Un feuilleteur pour valoriser les documents patrimoniaux
when's NYC? Would love to come hang.
I have a question regarding traveling in MX with infant and car seats. Can you follow back so I can DM you? thx
yeah buddy xD
that drake drawing was brilliant
At first I thought you said "forts." That seems plausible, too!
gahhh I miss you more! One day I will
Jay’s doc was interesting bc it showed you interacting with others..even showing up first! Def not the cantankerous Reed.
at Sbux and my headphones just snapped in half. (I'm trying not to take it as a sign that I have a fat head.) #fml I hope I got the warranty
Buy 12 weeks and get 3 WEEKS FREE* Coupon Code : CE2012NYR12 (savings up to $630) Order by noon today for Monday delivery.
Do you sing?
It's possible I actually feel worse today than I did yesterday
Staring at code for the last few hours. Had no breakfast and I'm on my 4th cup of coffee. That's bad right?
When a team has 3 No.1 type WR's, they don't care what number we give them, they are all 1's lol
Anyone notice the "print" button disappearing from more and more news sites and blogs? I'm getting old.
I thought you knew him! He's a legend.
wtf i need to stop believing in people.
Hey there! I've been so slow on the twitter lately so I'm just getting this...
Today has been a sweatshirt and hair pulled back kind of day.
Can't wait for e.company's cd release party this Saturday at Blue Nile. Sharing the stage is Gravity A and Big Rock Candy Mountain. Oh Yeah!
It's a sick feeling when you want to trust someone but they continue to show you why you shouldn't and you know they are doing wrong.
Follow the finest promotion team i've ever seen :)
My attitude is loud, my demeanor is loud, and my watch is even louder.
Calvin Johnson is a
Anyone have good articles on the advantages of semantic technology for data integration that they'd recommend?
I guess I have changed.
I keep seeing on campus. We don't go to the same school.
Have you seen the latest #GRIMM? One of City Liquidator's properties was featured in it! Can you guess what scene it was?
say that again!
Link? Or are you saying that article should be written?
thanks man. Greatly appreciated. The album drops the 6th, stay tuned man and good luck
Merry Christmas to everyone
Go back and listen to Hello Nasty.
I love cute
Argggg! More hours have been cut at work. How annoying!
Going to the grandma's for the day my brother has a swim meet
“ Hip hop is numero uno, as it encompasses jazz, soul, rock, blues and other styles within it.”
Our happy hour seems to have extended...still goin on
You can push excellence down, try to cover it up, or try to ignore it. But no matter what you do to it, it always rises to the top.
**drooling** YUMMY!!!
What are you doing tonight? Going to the IUSUW meeting? That's right! 6:30 in BH233!! See you there!!
I'm not even lying... I kind of want to try the Doritos taco from taco bell. <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00BD>
Changing the way I think has made my dreams come true, and it can do the same for you.
In the words of the great prophet Kim Mitchell: Might as well go for a soda. Nobody hurts and nobody cries.
omg Austin's new song... asdfghjkl
Storm's coming for the weekend. How will it impact your plans? has the forecast on 7News at 5:30.
of Faith...looking forward to an awesome evening
Rainy Friday morning don't make getting out of bed especially motivating. Permission to stay in bed, please?
Thank You!!!
I followed you b/c of !
its your birthday? I didnt know this and i now feel bad :( But happy birthday! :D
you better bring yo as afterwards ya heard me ya hurd meh
Houston! what about you?
Aww so cute! :)
hasn't been a good game in over a century why start now.
And we are following you back. :) Thanks!
You will reply to the other girls, why should I be exempt? :( .
We'll have power strips in all the meeting sessions at #lma12 tomorrow. Woot to
Rebecca Black is never wrong. It is a profound riddle: Which is front and which is back, trust or doubt?
But seriously. Come help me pack.
#WolfAccents about to kill it tonight
You guys listen to too much rap. Its all about rock and heavy metal.
i wish Would Follow Me!
Marry me Mat Kearney
SHOUT OUT TO MY QUEENS OF MEDIA! luv u all madly!
i don't like tweeting/texting/writing capital letters unless necessary
Commissioner Scott: We need to teach the curriculum, not the test. I see the system teetering on testing side.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME YOUR SO AMAZING AND IT WOULD MAKE MY WORLD IF YOU DID SO PROUD OF U AND WILL ALWAYS SUPPORT U FOLLOW ME <3333
Yeah been reading a bunch about their new updates. Haven't worked with it since its release after struggling with a test project.
hells yea man. Fresh new track tomorrow.
We're looking into it has done Mets games in the past-- maybe they would do one again this summer!
Eating a waffle :P
Unbelief is a spirit designed to stop the flow of God's power in your life. Be a Believer
spring break!! going to the beach! :)
Digging being back in conference mode ... with fine food and good people to sweeten the deal.
There is in true beauty, as in courage, somewhat which narrow souls cannot dare to admire. -William Congreve
True story—my parents met at Tiogue Dairy Queen.
Indeed!! Thanks for sharing.
cant wait to see you tmrw!!! (((:
I'm playing solo tonight at downtown Disney in Orlando
The Monstars have left D-Wade's body
Thanks for following us guys! Much appreciated :) - Jared
have a safe and exciting time welcoming the new year! goodbye '09... hello '10!!
Coach Avery Johnson did a great job speaking to the students at Iroquois today. First Class !
The most decisive actions of our lives are often unconsidered actions.
I need more followers come on and show some love
Football is America.
they have been my team since I was 3 and I'm 11 now!
Wearing purple for #epilepsyawareness today. I've been epileptic since I was nine years old, and lucky enough that I can manage my condition
but why u so sexy doh?
thank you!
I remember when Desperate Housewives was supposed to be a murder mystery show.
haha great.i thought mysterio had a great mask.
“: Thumbs up on the Best Buy commercial #brandbowl” Agreed.
#IAlwaysWonderIf you think of me as much as I think of u
Just saw the score in the Lakers game... Not expecting much out of this series, but - ouch
1 hour and counting.....AC guy supposed to be pulling into my driveway.
Well fuuuccck I should reschedule my trip to Alaska then too haha.
Swifties Belong With Taylor
hi! I'm blogging for Entrepreneur Mag & would love to get a quick photo of you guys today. Do you have a sec to meet up?
Fuck you, Glee
And using jme with Kaltura to make videos that play gracefully from #moodle on ipad as well as Chrome, IE, Firefox frm Katura CDN
Alicia just said could care less when it should be couldn't care less. Oops!
RESTAURANT WEEK STARTS TODAY! Mon, Sept 13th -Sun, Sept 19th! 3 course menu 4 $25, at all Atlanta locations
not sure - not my kitteh :-/
Dang! Rangers, you're doin GREAT. woo
I love the 1930s of the 1970s.
We need to hang out soon.!(:
Service was great, as usual... & its helpin me get closer 2 him :o)
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
This blows :/
my text was April fools by the way...I hope you knew that....
it should be! Many changes ahead for them!
now has Refill by Scan, where your smart phone scans a barcode and sends the refill notice to the pharmacy. Smart!
Cool! DM me size and addy and I'll get something in the mail for you.
ALL the Senators Who Voted Against the "Violence Against Women Act" Were Republican Men.
u already know
Ha, yeah, all great ones. \m/
thank you
whats up lady
you don't work till 1? That means we close together!!! :D
We too are global, independent & musical! Hope u have a chance 2 check out & dig you some Secret Skwirl. Best & success!
At Nicks getting something to eat.
Trailer coming?
Please Follow Back Its My All Time Wish Other Than Meeting You Of Coures!(:
It's not too late; you can still get 50 cent beer tonight until close!
Ha! I know you're soaking it up in Florida, but you're missing some gorgeous weather up here!
I shit you not, my lodger has watched Flashdance twice in 24hrs..she's 31!
Hmm, I always loved my old non smart-Samsung before - I even washed it once and it lived. We'll see if VZW will let me switch...
Seriously don't want to be doing this right now..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
We love all our 399 followers but we're dying to know who number 400 is going to be! There may be a prize involved.
Bout to get my goal keeper on, playing the #1 undefeated team, and I'm smelling a victory!!!
My teeth hurt. Is that a bad thing?
Ah morning Twitterville! Lets make this the best Monday of the month.
thx for noticing, ... we thought it was important.
I wonder if that'd be my superpower...100% original.
Really? PreQualifying?? :) RT : Ladies. Retweet if you are attending ladies night with me and our staff on June 2
Actors:You never know whats being done for you behind the scenes. Try not to get frustrated when the phone doesn't ring. Hang in there
lucky! Got to watch your show today. Est
i love big black clocks.
I haven't actually made the smoothies, but I know at least one person whose freezer is always loaded with nanas.
Great review! Well written. I saw that with the mic stand too...great insights
Pinky promises are LEGIT. You NEVER break a pinky promise.
I always get the words "carnal" and "carnage" mixed up. I guess it's easy to do. They both mean the same thing. "You're fucked.".
Please don't judge me till you have walked a mile in my shoes...
Issue No. 6 now on sale at these fine retailers: Alexander Book Co, Mo'z Cafe, Fog City, Arkipelago Philippine Books and Fog City News.
i follow ur other account and today is my brithday!
It was legendary, and we were there! Oh great, I'm gonna cry again
ily too baby ;)
Note Hillary Rosen's appearance! Not much has changed.
I know. Our D #ballsohard is playing LIGHTS OUT!!! Can't wait to see who shows tomorrow. Feeling confident. You???
I love HBO 2 Go.. I can watch HBO anywhere anytime!
Wow. Really? RT Noon rally today (May 15), West steps of Capitol in support of Colorado families and against civil unions.
A: "No, personalized interactions are still the minority (people don't expect it). We can always do better"
Success only happens after failed attempts...
hm... think I'll settle for one day of Austin City Limits... me and music festivals don't really mix
Ready to do the clerics bench dance #CelticsNationBitch <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>
Can you share a link with the class?
hahah I'm screwed
#milwaukee beautiful day today!! Want an a fillinger inc hoodie or t-shirt? Tweet at us a request!
That's for sure !!!
Virginia will host the 2011 Championship Game this Fri. against the two-time defending champion Locos at 5pm PDT, as league shortens season.
Holly is okay, nothing wrong with her shoulder. #sohappy :)
We're only teenagers. We go to school. That's easy. And maybe sports or clubs? YOU DON'T NEED COFFEE. YOU NEED SLEEP.
tweet-to-goal timing not as good, still worked.
Stop by my office a few minutes before. No dress code.
for the share
Since I wasn't here on Firday, let's do some
a hindi a cappella group should do a mashup of "uh-oh uh-oh" from mujhse fraandship karoge and "stuck like glue"
We support Hollywood businesses
just got the syllabus for next week btw. I am pretty excited after reading it over :)
nice post. I've had to load storage drivers so many times over the years just like described
Next session chasing greatness and this is what each of us must do in the game of life as we chase our dreams
Web Tool Smackdown about to begin via got to say these are great free webinars and am glad I joined the TLC
I know I'm goofy & hyper & sometimes annoying & rude & always sarcastic & even immature, but it didn't hurt until it came from you.
Absolutely helps our chances! Get ready for a flurry of offense by Nashville
Lisa and I just had pictures made with Chinese delegates are over 700 of them in attendance--young and dynamic group!
ya maybe. I don't think it is a thumb issue anymore. Just really bad at-bats
I already have mine :) RT: : There's only one month until Red Dot. Call 227.6960 to purchase tickets.
LOVED how the Roots played the All That theme when Nick Cannon came out. Aw!
time flies like an airplane, fruit flies like bananas lol :]
Better watch out now...
i am excited for the future however.
You bet.
- you riding today? I have all intentions but feeling lasts night's festivities and martinis. ;-)
“ A loving woman, deserves a loyal man... <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+0090>”
Don't aim for success if you want it; just do what you love and believe in, and it will come naturally
THEY GONNA PERFORM GTB AND MRS. RIGHT!
its a numb feelin as soon as ur heart gets shattered 2 pieces, it dnt hit u until u have time 2 let it, LOVE is a powerful creation :(
Nick just turned 5 this month, and we've got our first instance of him being bullied (at pre-K). Advice?
Come in this afternoon and pick up a tasty treat, B.O.G.O. 1/2 off on all edibles for you to eat. ;)
dope...still recoverin
The on-going mystery can finally come to a stop. For it is I who took the cookies from the cookie jar.
1.5 million NPOs have a combined revenue of 700 billion and 2 trillion in assets. That's a lot of resources to tackle the world's problems!
CTA Rucker: There are already specific safeguards in the education code to immediately remove teachers accused of these types of offenses.
go follow and I'll love you forever
way better with the phone interview than the TV interview
My brain is telling me to run... My couch is telling me to stay.
Finish this Irish!
read the blank written
was good
Gotta get me an SUV. MY BIG BODY IS WAY TO BIG for this compact small body Hyundai.
thx for the RT hope to see ya at an event soon!
Lol all these tweets giving my computer a spam ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
Just finished another chapter! I'm one chapter away from completing Draft 3 in its entirety.
New Caprica was a total bummer, man.
Trying to get used to Twitter I'm a fb fan!
Well Deserved RT : Tim Tebow is being allowed to pick the team he wants to go to. He picks the trade. Jets or Jacksonville.
“#Titans GM Webster: "I thought he looked comfortable & we had a good visit.This is another important step in the process.”WTF copied Elway!
I WILL BRING U ONE
NBS swing trade goal of .50 broke resistance at .39
Watching live streaming performances on Waterwheel from Tunisia, Australia, Spain, and US at CNSI at UCLA
I didn't even know she was in the closet.!!
i have - fuck off
I didn't see you said that. Think we will move back into first round?
Oh gosh, am I gonna see Jesus weiner?
I know I saw :)
Oh man, that's how it always goes. At least you have the 51s to keep you warm.
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW<3 i love your music! you should also checkout ! xoxo have a fantastic evening(:
New CandySwipe game comment in the android market "Candy Swipe sticky fingers Fun to play!!" by Darlene
I have decided that we aren't that creepy with tha gang. at least we don't do fan fiction...
ok. And idk hold up.
Every now& then I look around at my friends& I realize: "If these AMAZING ppl like me, I must be pretty ok myself"
FUCK SLEEP ITS SUMMER! !!!!
What am i supossed to do when the best part of me was always you.
I use to use MEL but decided to make a play on my first name & middle name theeir my initials
Totally, it's the opposite end of the spectrum!
not quite Harvey Dent in the Dark Knight but it should get the job done
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 7
Anyone who isnt doing the Cleveland 1/2 should at least do the Komen for the Cure 5k in Cbus this weekend! Wish I could!
:Have either of U used #spicy peanut sauce, instead of tomato-based sauce, for #pizza?
What is The Avengers and why is everyone talking about it?
Looking for the best YA book blogs to follow. Suggestions?
you tweeted this who would see it that doesnt have a twitter? lmao
Where My Ian At ?
Junk is a large, round tupperware container, just isn't as catchy.
Thanks for RT of LAW info, the organizers are having trouble reaching their normal audience through listserves
Only cool cats dance while rollerblading
all day girl! Let's get it!
The role of procurement in the b2b process can change the picture entirely.
k, screw it.
This to shall pass!
Data.gov... now has 167 THOUSAND data sets available??
I'm expecting Demi Lovato's video for "Give Your Heart a Break" to be very experimental.
Who Has a Privately owned business building in #KansasCity or Kansas If so contact me
#arentyoutiredof 100 degree weather & no ac. ?
my best guy friend decided he didnt want to be friends anymore out of nowhere and it's created a huge mess
Happy labor day! Laboring at work... At least weather forecast is low to mid 90s this week!
OK, I'm going to shut up now and go back to cutting and pasting some words.
CU on Sunday as I share a word @ Hank Stewart"s White Linen Sunday with music by CantonJones. The celebration will be @ the Sheraton Atlanta
We should write a Twitter story today. Tweet something, tweet @ who you want to continue the story, #whathappensnext, see how long it lasts
congrats on the condo #IndependentWomanTweet gettem girl
DO THE DANCE DARE RICKY!!!!! :D
A relationship with God is the most important relationship you can have. Trust him and everything will always turn out fine.
I couldn't make it through. Executive summary as to what it is and why anyone should care would help.
Specializing in the identification of secretaries, technology, word processing, support staff and legal administrative staff.
fuck them... Don't stop tweeting
your messing with my head, boy thats what you do best. saying theres nothing you wont do to get me to say yes. x
xoxo and always use protections xo
seriously? Government funding for criminals? :-/
Who has better cameras? MSG or ESPN?
thanks Ray! Hope all is well with you.
Really!?!? Let me know, would love to see you :-) You're always welcome at my place!
yeah. Can't wait to celebrate witcha!!!
RT Sounds like someone's a bit too excited ab the : Multiple reports of streaker in JD Williams Library
is free a good enough promotion?
Feelin the same way!
Worst idea ever: researching food blogs while fasting for 36 hours to prepare for a medical procedure.
laughing at you
or at least a beer allowance ;-p
Well done Latics! Two huge wins in the space of a week.
multimedia authoring practice: authoring, layers, compression, editing, audience
#Redsox piecing it together with #Melanson and
I think your picture is the most awesome thing I've ever seen. I too want to be a ninja warrior diva :)
Team Fliqz getting ready for the move to the new digs... moving boxes, scotch tape, and labels galore!!
"you take me all directions" ah but now i see it
The hardest thing I've ever had to do is letting go.
Congrats to the Baltimore Orioles on 2 consecutive victories … the last time they won 2 straight games in July, Juan Samuel was manager ...
Txt anyone im not busy at the moment. Msg me forr # & lets play Draw Something AnthonyScum713
Sign on funky used car lot: "Pre-loved Autos"
Texas: #Centennial is closing seven stores in Dallas, Fort Worth and Hebron. Via Dallas Morning News
Wave goodbye to the past, there's a whole life to lead
Good Morning Joey!
yes sir!
You're welcome. =D We're happy too.
burning Cd's for the car ride to go see tomorrow. Can't wait.
Nails..... Or Homework....... Yea definitely going for food instead
Haha, what did you put?
nvm booked all day friday from like 8am ugh...will let u know thought lol u can just sleep in and stay with lexi while im out
u been sayin u didn't get my calls for the last few days let me find out<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
StoryCorps, have not heard of it, will need to check this website out.
Watching the cooking channel. Virtually ate a lot of food I could not make
Were it not for hope the heart would break. -Scottish Proverb
I just want summer at this point.
Why they blastin music at 2am
Thanks! What are the soc media habits there? I'd like to see how much she knows and if it matches w/ what others say :)
Had conference call with Image last week. Should hopefully have something official to say soon.
I've grown to realize the joy that comes from little victories is preferable to the fun that comes from ease and the pursuit of pleasure. LB
Wonder how many 'modern' films would be equally as powerful without 'talking'.
Thanks for your continued support of RIF!
I hope this luck keeps up all weekend! Grats on getting rid of Grampa's car.
Just for the record, Verizon cant hold a candle to Comcast. They are slow and want to do everyting by machine VERIZON SUCKS!
CANTOR GAMING AND PALMS CASINO RESORT ANNOUNCE ...
Woke up this morning with some eye disease.
it's not titled yet. Baba has been to busy to go do it so I can't insure it and start riding lol
in Atlanta Georgia,at a hotel
Hi. I love you. Too bad i dont exist too you:( I <3 "Delanie"
He/she is/will always be an "average" student. (What does that even mean???!!)
BIZARRE...RT : With #Bieber, #50cent and #TripleH in your corner!! How can you lose lol
hey, how you been doing?
Where are y'all throwing' back 'ritas today for Cinco de Mayo?!
Good morning
Thanks!! Should be a good time :)
who is this 76er fan now court side in Boston? Floor seats at home, in CHI, now Boston.
What are you doing for MLK day? Taking the day off to get some fresh air?
I got you baby!
hello! Thanks for following. I visiting Quezon years ago. It was a great experience.
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly when I pull up lean your seat all the way back
My mind works like lightning. One brilliant flash and it is gone.
Tomorrow 12pm to 5pm will be for another foodie gift basket building event. There's a sparkling wine tasting. Be ther
why u aint say wats up?
thank you very much for the follow.
But his real point is about the Young Bucks. Those punks are going to learn a lesson when they face off with the Ants again.
RT : Did I already say: God reminded me of His faithfulness today.
I should really be asleep.
guitar and thinking bout stuff
I love my Mom
He who does not live life to it's fullest can never know the true meaning of life ...
Follow me back bro im Shae G from
Can't they send 1st and 2nd year players down to the NBDL now? They're not going to send guys down that can contribute.
Life is short but there is always time for courtesy. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Ladies stop wearing them pajama pants and them dirty uggs!! Especially if your in your 30a
It will get easier. On my 4th!! Love em
jawbone up sold out before i could get it and so did the nike fuel band right now.
You gave up on me, you gave up on "US"....
I miss talking to you!
Congrats to Ruidoso for 1st place PR for Swallow Fire communication.
cope/kop/ V: Deal effectively with something difficult; Cover joint/structure with a coping. N: A long, loose cloak.
You too!(: ": hope you have a wonderful day!(:"
3 free throws for Let's break this open
Husband reading the Yahoo headlines outloud. He reads: "Could you be addicted to excersise?" Our answer in unison: "Nope"
Does anyone know how to #block someone on #LinkedIn ?
Just got a 5 minute Skype call that made my night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B2>
Dear Temple Run, I chose to turn. Not to jump. Sincerely, Pissed Off
Lunch with Jakob and one of my best friends today! Can't wait. I am so excited.
That awkward moment when a guy takes more time to fix his hair than a girl does
Currently listening to Daydream Believer. So sad, isn't it?
Heard was there & if she's hanging w/Ron, she MUST be sassy. ;-) No worries, I'll make him do another one!
Wait. SRI... Tf for. We're Seniors.. Pointless.
Watching Pens with
C'mon people!!! Let's get verified!!! pwease :)
RT BREAKING FROM ABC NEWS: "Buffering..."
fremont thunder not good - true that.
I heard :( Suckage. Guys like Crawford, who aren't totally young and depend on their legs scare me. They never age well.
I honestly adore how your twitter is dedicated to "Bieber's Legs" . Too bad they didnt use that part in the video huh? lol
I feel bad for the doctor who's about to examine this horrendous poison ivy reaction I've had. I'm like the elephant man, only itchier.
Three new adult industry top level domains to be released: Are you protecting your brand from cybersquatters?
My co-worker just walked in with a full mouth, smiled and said: "This is the last place I thought I'd find Jewish cookies."
Don't be annoying RT : How do I become cool? help me! Lmao
Dick Clark hologram tour featuring Ryan Seacrest and Mark Summers.
S/O to You did good boo :)
": People on instagram need to stfu and stop acting like its fuckin facebook." Lol i agree
do you think Rex Ryan experiences pain every time Woodhead scores? He's too good to "play like a jet." ha.
Boom. RT : Emery says Hardin will play safety with Bears and is medically sound now
RT : #teamnokids that why I go so hard
CTFU... THATS MY ONLY WAY TO MAKE IT THRU MY DAYS LLS
I have an ache with regard to my head (as the greeks would say)
Shooting at the walls of heartache (bang, bang) - I am The Warrior.
I'll change that stability if you keep fucking getting on my nerves <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Gonna sleep in my own room for the first time in like weeks. Ha.
nothinnn watching the hannah montana movie haha im such a loser
Have a Huge Wedgie E-mail me with any advice on how I can avoid wedgies? or text me 954-608-9103
I was without any type of electronics for 45 minutes cause the power went out and my phone died. So I read some of my old stories lol
OMG -- that outfit was terrible!
Smile more than you cry, give more than you take & love more than you hate.
Agree, hilarious!
You cannot honestly be calling this game fixed. Refs have blown hard on both sides tonight.
It cant. For my own sanity it cannot happen.
Where's this free food on campus today?
Eating pineapples with paper chopsticks.
Taking the kiddies for a Sunday morning hot cocoa ::the good life::
sandwich cost $11 down Fanuel Hall I'm pissed.
Hi Newt, would you please help to get rid of the electoral college? Outdated. Please help us make sure EVERY vote counts! TY!
Is it too early to start planning my wardrobe for #ALA12??
X games ski super pipe
Or maybe just cereal lol
the ice is tilting back the other way again, come on boys skate it out.
Good for you! After a Minnesota winter, Arizona will be a welcome escape. As for me, I'm thinking about a summer getaway.
have a safe flight. Guess you're going out of JFK since you didn't holla lol!!!!
don't straight face me foo
Used to live by the Ale House. The buffalo chicken dip is to die for.
2,000 miles away. I'm counting down the minutes, seconds, hours, every single day... #Idon'twanttofeellikethis
happy birthday babe! ^_^
It was good meeting you at Hacker Dojo. Hope you've had a chance to check out Readability (lab.arc90.com/experiments/readability/)
That's some nice team reporting there. Did your partner get a byline on the story?
IIFC you're a So.Fl native? Bittersweet journey. Keep us posted, ok?
I'll be home saturday night before easter then i have monday off but i'm going back to school monday night, so not long hbu?!
i wouldnt mind it if i didnt have to work in it!
It's true: the Rolls goes from 0 - ascot in 5.4 seconds.
great, hope u enjoy. I'll enjoy my .
It's a refreshing change... now if can just keep my eyes open!! ;-) RT : Hope you are having fun in the...
Treat a person you really care about like shit
Maybe if you payed more attention and showed more intress you would see what Im trying to tell you
Bye everyone! Thanks for all of the awesome feedback and suggestions on the finest of Chicago nightclubs!
of course! Have a great weekend! :) xo
“: Band name: Gays in the Military." First hit: Ask and Tell
Thanks to all who have come to our event on Edelman's Trust Barometer tonight. With the weather and traffic, we appreciate it.
Me & Aaliyah about to have to much fun I'm about to take a nap so I can be up all night w/ them :)
forget it babyy
I must agree you're just like me.
That sad moment when answers the group chat before my iMessage
Check out AU Discover the World of Communication at audiscover.org!
THANK YOU.
thank you!
I'm outta my fuckin mind
I want to see my 76er's and the Nuggets in the NBA Finals! That'll be one hell of a matchup!
Gymnastics meets are officially over for the YEAR! (well till December technically) Time 2 get n cruise control & summer mode! Braves games!
Today is a great day love life to the fullest and love the person you love and be loved
FREE 3 Room Carpet Cleaning w/ Any Air Duct Cleaning Service Purchased
HAH! Was just explaining to my 9 y/o that "We are the Champions" came along way before the movie "Chicken Little"
there is no explanation as to why this isn't working. No brand following required, should be simple check-in/shout
performing at Cal State Fullerton tonight at 7:30pm. Open to public and free! Titan Theatre, 800 N. State College Blvd., Fullerton, CA,
Is it Friday yet? I'm ready to mingle.
No more worries
I need some sopranos to sang that 4 me!! From toppa my head From toppa my head From toppa my head Alto Soula my feet!!
God is good!
hiya! i had a few minutes to drop in before my live show tonight. how are you today? having a good week? tgif...almost!
I'm turning into one of those people who are fond of cats.
st. pattys day got the best of me.
Johan Galtung has arrived! He's going to be chatting with a few Envision folks about the future of our museum first.
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!!!!!!:DiLuv you all^___^
M I love it when attractive maintenance men come to my house :)
Butt in seat, last nights vino, 5 pages: Go
(2NITE) WE @ THE VAULT 4 The Cinco De Mayo EDITION OF #GRADBASH ... GRADS FREE ALL NITE- LADIES & GREEKS FREE TIL 12AM
Thank you for the RT!
Cruel intentions soundtrack is just on point
"The beautiful thing about learning is that no one can take it away from you." ~B.B.King
sort of bel-air. in the home of one of the loveliest women i've ever met.
you'd like to order-there is a 20% friends/family discount code-1209 and free shipping for 3 or more
and come out to tonight after ur win!!!
"Lesser people than you, have done more difficult things than this." In Plain Sight
don't give up. Stay Hongry!!! lol
beautiful! Keep updating! See you tonight! :)
when are we having our twitter teach? I'll show you the ropes, kid
Owwwiee I have Bike Ride Butt.
Thanks for the corrected link. As a pit owner, I commend the author's qualifying comments about dog breeds & learned behavior.
Watching ASU baseball. Nice night at the stadium. How-ever very windy.
BTW I can never DM you back coz you don't follow me in the Twittersphere
Mw2 with <33 Happy 10 months sweetheart! I love you. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
wut da heck r these boxes?
what's full screen?
I haven't been able to catch it, but my TL loves it. I def thought it was caustic. But it might open up the show a bit more.
First track meet of the year in the books!
I saw that man I hope he kicks ass
So Hungary but can't eat.
follow us on twitter @ spititdiff , and check out that new fire. spit it different all day u already know :)
Why is your poop yellow? What have you been eating?
If your a fan of craft beers like we are, make sure and check out this Sat at Racine Civic Center. 150 craft beers....
love birchbox! did you get yours yet?
What a great weekend this is starting out to be
A 51-year-old engineer working at an airplane testing facility has been sucked into an engine and killed.
See I love you but it scared me, you scared me.
You know if ABC knew Missing was cancelled, I wish they would have edited out the last 60 seconds.
I been waiting 4ever!! Hurry
thank you! :) and you know what? ... I've got the same Mario T-shirt xD i like it!
I'm freaked out at a nasty turn of events on Facebook. Why am I debating someone who thinks parents should slap kids "until they shutup?"
Just saw #Tinker#Tailor#Soldier, Z. Can't remember the last time I fell asleep during a movie. Snoozefest.
hey come over to Stanford campus here for lunch and invite anybody you want - we have lots of food
Ha LIz You can do it ,get out your crayon? betchya your kindergarten teacher saw your future with your first scribbles!
I knew I was getting #old when I started figuring out what day of the week it is by checking out my daily pill dispenser
So excited! 2nite @ 11: kora and cello music from Malian virtuoso Ballake Sissoko & French trip-hop cellist Vincent Segal live in-studio!
Man some of these Kobe fans are outright creepy. Probably have the shrine made of gum like Helga Pataki and everything.
Whoa crazy business. RT : It took AOL 9 years to hit 1 million users. Facebook 9 months. Draw Something 9 days. via
KC Royals put to work. RT : City investigating "deep bore" technology to minimize some utility construction impacts of
time to get back into this game I feel closer to you already!
You know, Scream The Prayer isn't that far away. July 20: Norma Jean, For Today, Sleeping Giant, The Chariot, War of Ages, Close Your Eyes
The CDC uses Twitter to spot disease outbreaks because it's better than the system they had in place
Thanks for the RTs! :)
my pleasure!
Very cool! Interesting post.
you're in a different country so I don't think that's going to work...
ThunderRidge takes lead by 2 with 15 sec to go.
same here bored ass shit nothing to do.
we have it @ www.iPhonerepairmiamibeach.com :-)
I loved it. Same in #Madison. RT : I bought a bunch of non-fat winter clothes, then we didn't have a winter in the Chicago area.
Going to the park with and Twitterless Darby lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
What do you hope to accomplish for the 4th quarter of the year?”
When your boyfriend still likes you, no matter how many times you ram your head into his wall while the two of you sleep. >>>>>
Bon Iver or Andrew Bird today?
": #Sagittarius are a little impatient. They know what they want and want it now."
The bible is what God meant, and there are no errors or principles open for revision.
So used to this.
death stairs eh? were you running up and down them for hours on in or what?
I am officially the old guy at the club in a suit. I've become that guy...crap.
A positive mind anticipates happiness, joy, health and a successful outcome of every situation and action.
I love my cousin ! She's amazing and doesn't needa put broken hearts towards me! :)
Yes I am, love. You should hear me preach sometimes...
Oh, you flirt with 374957945 girls a week? Woah dude. Pick one, and make her feel beautiful. No need to be a plaayyya.
Test scores came in last night aaaannd.....I PASSED! Hello 12th grade! To top it all off I scored on a college level!! #cloud9 :]
you don't get to choose but if I enlist in the army by june I'll probably leave october .
Shout to all the members of the Brethren: Scott, Adam, Ed, and Nick... from Steve in Indianapolis.
Will do! Thx!
just tweeting. what about you?
Yes! Go Levi! RT : "I'm relieved to say that I will start the race" YES!!
i dont have itt D; message me on fb ?
If I were GM, and also keeping in mind salary-management, I'm targeting Caron Butler, hometown guy and the #fearthedeer need scoring!
When the sun goes down we be having a party!
when called me i answered with "what do you want bitch" & everyone in the car was like who are you on the phone with?! lmfao
TSA agent took everything out of backpack. Agent told him he could put everything back. Oh young padwon
baby, ima be your motivation.
why does everyone keep giving kasey and vienna the roses?
and its freezing here in nyc... I'd like some of that sunshine!
Oh no Tracy. Don't say anything.
Dayle Junior!:D
Listen to me with tomorrow for a little more insight.
did you get my text ?
WE NEED A CHANGE IN HOW WE DO BUSINESS .LETS FIX AMERICA
This girl...this fucking girl...
So damn sexy...can see my abs now...guns are getting defined...ham hogs all toned and getting slimmer...butt is getting tight...shapely pig!
Something on Twitter being illogical? I can't even fathom. Well, it happens :)
um....I'll feed you Whiskey, you will tell it.
I still want to write that salsa-cabana tune about Doctor Sanjay Gupta, the brain surgeon.
Going to be taking mom out to olive garden for Dinner. Looking forward to it.
Fake friends are no different than shadows, they stick around during your brightest moments, but disappear during your darkest hours.
Good morning #Albuquerque! Needles are hopping, screens are dropping and spring logowear is in the air!
i never move
Tony Bennett in MKE today!!! Wow. That's cool!
you came a long long long long long
Did the money ever get paid back?
Oh! Look at that! Thanks ever so to sweet & --ah, also Beverly Nero -- very sweet~~ for RTs and Faves and stuff.
suck my dick you whores ;)!
Our Android app will be out very soon! Stay tuned! In the meantime, you can use it on the web at 1000memories.com.
Join tonight at 5:30pm for Networking Happy Hour. The School of Nursing is providing food & giveaways!
woo! i also get called sir regularly. richmonders are Struggling With This!
follow Mee!!! #stopbulling! It hurts others in ways you wouldn't even know!!!!!!!!!!!!
Cannot fall asleep! School is going be awful tomorrow!
What would you like to ask your Congolese peers about their life?
hun that status isnt about you.
s/o to my brain for doing so bad on my act.
A little bit of a delay... but now I'm on my way to Vegas! :)
Hi Sandy thanks for the follow.
ur a dirty slut... Lets grab a beer this weekend bro
We have no school tomorrow! There's a bunch of snow in chicago!
Battleship trailer got a resounding "No" from the audience, Dark Knight got cheers and Spider-Man.... silence.
omg, worst day ever.
What's up with Chris J. and his "E. Honda" hair?
Good Day!
haha i know! I love it! makes my dad upset cause we haven't been able to farm so I wish we could have lightening n no rain!
okay haha I'm gonna read it after Punk'D :)
Hiya! Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to working with you on SUW!
Our #authors Patricia Rockwell and Diane Morlan will be speaking at the Sycamore Public Library tonight, 7 pm, Sycamore, IL. Come It's free!
I always thought Thanksgiving was my favorite holiday for eating, but Super Bowl Sunday is gaining ground.
Oh no! What gave you that idea! :P
if not, then I really, really, REALLY hope it comes tomorrow. :)
Watching the Great Buck Howard, great so far...
aw okay! I think is selling a ticket?
I'm starting to agree. Still no set lineup or rotation and it's almost playoff time.
Don't get sunburned!
Thanks for a great night with my lovely wife.
omg why am I not there? getting on the first flight out haha
Theocritus of Chios~ Now begins a torrent of words and a trickling of sense.
Web Tip of the Day: If you don't clearly show me what it is you do immediately upon entering your website, then you're wasting my time.
That is so true...but the design of slavery was to create distrust and disdain amongst us. It worked!
Hi hun, everything fine just been busy with work. Sorry I haven't contact you lately.
Late night commercial shoot for Goldilocks Filipino restaurant and bakery.
as someone who started an mscs for fun I'm always surprised w/ unmotivated grad students. try to seek out the good ones
Really sad I'm not able to make the show tonight :/
Yes!! RT: ": Any thought of a second term for Rick Scott begins and ends when Steve MacNamara is forced out. #sayfie"
Nice flop Ronney
Brunch is served. Our normal brunch menu but today battered and deep fried french toast topped with strawberry cream cheese. yum
Awesome blog post. Well done.
how can anyone ever tell you that you're anything less than beautiful.
the bit in the chorus about eating baguettes still cracks me up way more than it should.
Now He Wanna Be On Some Sweet Shit. This Nigga Bout Crazy As Hell.
Spend time... what? What crazy Mad Libs is this tweet? RT : Liberals like spend more time
Hope everyone is having a great day! Keep those new "Likes" coming and help us support the Children's Hospital of Los Angeles!!
A pair of powerful spectacles has sometimes sufficed to cure a person in love
Hey Wes, glad to connect! If you have any feedback on our video series, we'd love to hear it. :-)
oh you know I will!
i ask because noticed a CBS Sunday Morning edit particular attention to this. I don't see that often
sorry, i don't know the answer. we haven't had an update. check the IR webpage?
When a guy tells you one thing, than a girl another thing, than tries lying after. Yeah yeah I see u
Blazin' a bowl for 4:20 and watching Ridiculousness :)
Ted Karamanski pep talk.
Work is such a bust today.
Unfortunately, most of the people complaining are too stupid to check #papajohns stream for other post updates :)
A most excellent place to cuddle up for sure! xoxoxo
I fucking hate being sick ! I'm talking and no one understands what I'm fucking saying.
Waiting for a girl like you.
oh yea we can do that
Awake** dang.
I agree 100%! Unfortunately, some things are out of our control.
Re the local fireworks ban: FireARMS are a perfect Latino substitute. "You can take our Black Cats, cabrón, but NOT our Black Cuetes!!!"
You heard it here first, #Knicks in 9!
gettin my years supply of storeable foods at www.thereadystore.com they got everything if you aint seen it yet
#Amazing how some people give u way 2 much info about themselves right off the bat Hi, I just met u, please tell me how u tried killn urself
Watching sunset in the middle of the ocean, sipping on some Champagne
SJ County Board of Supervisors vote to approve new contract for library services with the City of Stockton!
ALERT! Blanche's gay brother episode is on WEtv!
DAAAMMMMMN I forgot. How was it? Have to hit the VOD.
Didier Drogba, my favorite player in the world, has just become the only player in history to score in 4 FA Cup Final matches!
"I cannot say so without scientific evidence." But I can go on a completely unrelated rant that does have scientific evidence.
What's your email addy?
yeahh (: i'll tweet you laterr i have softball!
I feel ya Ellen by beloved Broncos went down.
follow my man he reads my stuff, also and
so ready for 630 to come around
Sure. FDH sent me two more DL LPs and a Glow Kit one to give away on Get Bent as well.
See...you just doubled your followers!
Thirty-nine more days left... (2/40)
“: Walmart has championship belts on sale by all the packer stuff lol” bye me one!
Who is Stephen Neal?
My friends take pictures with my dogs
The Thai dermatologist I saw a for just a slight rash told me I "needed" Botox, filler and laser treatment! This feels a lot like FML. :(
Best idea of conference from Stephen Burg: "We need an online buffet of courses" in public history to help small programs.
And the 5th book of game of thrones came in the mail today.
BOOM! Love you to pieces PPatt!!!!
I don't see nothing?
she's better than any girl, because she knows how it feels.
if there's only going to be one beer than we rather it's top-notch and heavily concentrated ;)
HOLY CRAP. I DID NOT SEE WHAT I JUST SAW. HOLY CRAP. NO WAY
can you bake me brownies please?!
LADIES ,WILL YOU FOLLOW FOR SHOUTOUT :)
The best friend is likely to acquire the best wife, because a good marriage is based on the talent for friendship. Friedrich Nietzsche
Oh man, just rode in a jesus SUV/taxi...that's the only way I can explain it!
follow me so I can message you back :)
I've got a big day tomorrow, but some things are irresistible. #wwe w/ The Rock center ring. G'Night.
if I were him I wouldn't even sign the contract.
Rall will be assisted in this effort by Dennis Walkup with FOE Aerie #695 of Iowa City, IA, acting as co-coordinator for the Eagle Riders.
OH and GO RANGERS! Double OT!
Alan, Trying as hard as I can to be my best.
Maybe the happiest of people dont necessarily have the best of everything; they just make the most of everything that comes along their way.
New Publications on Humanitarian Space; Youth Displacement ...
So, it appears everyone is not completely honest on their online profiles. what kind of lies do you think are acceptable online?
Same! Where yu going
Hey! Are you in town for #sxsw? Let me know!! :)
The first myth of management is that it exists.
That's awesome, love your image too it's so festive!
At Por que No sampling the PDX version of a taqueria.
RIP Whitney Houston. Only a voice like hers could make a song as bad as "I Will Always Love You" tolerable.
Join us tonight after the performance of #TimeStandsStill for the official afterparty!
Swollen nose<
Thanks Abdi!
Join and LIVE on #thepraisableshow talking music, dance & testimony: Join the conversation:...
see ya there! :)
Forecast for Friday: Low clouds and fog in the morning then partly cloudy. Highs 64 to 69. Light winds.
Because of Mass Effect 3's shitty ending, I shall now refer to the series itself as Ass Effect
god you tweet a lot
This is a very informative and motivational site,I will be following.
Thanks! But the Research Commons is not on Facebook...yet. Should we be? We do post events through
That's right monkey, play my head
I love it
So happy!!!!!! I had the time of my life. National champs baby!!!
#fflv is today! get down to and check out the 2 fab new #MIKELPATRIK originals!
Thank you for all your long hrs at work!
oh, bummer! take pictures. that's what i did when i had to give up my NC plates.
Ugh, it's already 81 outside. Thank goodness we are spending the day with friends at their pool. I am already scared for tonight, though.
Need more music in daily life! How to get Paco audience members making, hearing more live music? how can we make a show that attracts ppl?
ya Andre Miller pre opening day!
Checking things off of our World of Concrete To Do list. We are getting excited. Are you? Come visit us in booth
Ugh, Black Keys at Verizon. Come back to some day, por favor?
duke vs. FSU prediction?
just got from Binghamton and had Texas roadhouse for Amandas birthday
It is INSANELY stormy here.
im gonna try. I'll try to come backstage if possible.
having some issues with s3.
"the strongest people are covered with scars & have the kindest of hearts"
Just chatted with Jon Stewart backstage at the Daily Show. So cool.
WHAT PAPER?!?!?
Nice :-D! See ya soon!
kay i trust jesus lol, yeah i doubt ive ever seen you around
Don't think so, but you never know!
RT RT I don't have to "get money" -- it comes for me. My motivation has never, & never will be about money.
How many of you are embarrassed or afraid to tell others that you have had some contacts & communications with some ET's?
sry but if ur kid can stand & breastfeed...something wrong
ive fallen sum how feet off the ground where are you now when i need you around
yup!! You got it Polly is a news reporter in San Francisco
Congratulations to the Radcliffe family, who will still get to cheer for Prince Fielder on a regular basis.
If you can conquer your mind, you can conquer the world..
you can always come to my house, we have wifi c;
The number 33 jersey, belonging to Patrick Roy, has been retired by hockey’s Montreal Canadiens and Colorado Avalanche.
RT I lie so well, even I start to believe it.....
If she play video games then she wifey material
For the first time in forever i have an actual weekend! #2daysOff yes! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I got no problem with it: I'm a whore. You compliment me, I RT. Bang. Done.
Football Was Alright But Cant Wait Until Basketball
depends when im done with practice. ill let u know when i get out
Thank you Lord for rain and the FRESH FOOD at Zuzu.
Thought about car wash coupons for your business fleet? That's what we do!
There's something incredibly disingenuous about dubbing over end credits bloopers.
try 'red meat' trout next time...it's Lent approved and delicious!
I bought size 6 jeans this weekend. SIZE SIX. Pass it on.
I would but what do I say? Haha
Keep it real and remain humble.
need an unexpected player to have an all-star worthy season. Ex: Gomez, Lucroy
suspicious.. ill go check this out.. my guess is giant phish sticker
You can never say your wrong even though you clearly are.
Happy Thanksgiving to all Tweeps! Give thanks every day and watch your blessings grow :-) <U+2665>
miss you
You are not what you feel, you are what you believe. Your feelings will catch up if you're steadfast in your belief. #Joyce Meyer
Today's the day! Dine early, dine often to benefit - we love #DiningOutForLife!
Weekend fire in Crystal now believed to be arson
Cubs have a rain delay every other game
Milkshake. Vanilla. With whipped cream. Thanks. (Too early?)
im not short , im heiqht challenqed
worms grow to men in amniotic seas of hate.
tonight was just a joke.. I was so mad when I got off that stage..
RT : Still hate settling for late, rescued draws at home, though....
Just found out they are opening a new Trader Joe's and at 3rd and Fairfax. The reasons not to move keep adding up...
I'm thinking about doing the entire in my #sunglasses-glowing orb in sky now shining thru windows - YES!
Found myself at six flags magic mountain....for the free!
the great thing about yoga classes is that there are usually never any guys in them. It's not as cool as when there are guys usually..
I keep rethinking about my past;but looking for something in my life!
You just got caught TWEET JACKIN
lawyers deserve to be happy.
You'd have my vote! (:
I guess ill get a little high
Thanks to for showing me how to use C list to do some flipping.
Great night in #NOLA for a swirly treat!
Whether You Love Or Hate Austin Mahone he Is Always On Your Mind.......Face It He Is On Your Mind Cuz You Love Him!! <3 (;
It's cold as fuck in my 4th hour class... No joke
Spending my Saturday watching Libertarian National Convention on C-SPAN.
Trying to not wake my sleeping husband.
Couldn't imagine if it was one of my sons.
i was just over there today!
#hiring a #plantmanager in #maine #manufacturing #beverage email resume to
Having a low credit score is frustrating. Jenn Carr , can help! Her 90 day program gets credit scores in the good zone!
Happy #Travel #Tuesday everybody. Any #travel nightmare stories??
4-0 win over the SeaWolves tonight..now can we make it more than 1 in a row
how did you do that!
Yummo Rosie! #salsa I'm here Shaggy, lol. #sixtytwodays :D
Red Hot Chili Peppers top Lollapalooza lineup
Known as a granadilla where I come from. Granadilla ices on the beach were the best part of the summer as kids
go out with a bang ay ej?
Haha, I think I could pass on that ;D
holiday inn express n lol wats so funny
Has anybody seen Al Afalava and Mike Okwo?? How about Terry "the tank" Johnson??
We're here to make a dent in the universe. Otherwise why even be here?
i actully thought they had a chance at beating them
thanks for the follow. How are you today.
": So, how many of you have actually seen the very last scene in THE AVENGERS?___ ME
Half way there. Now we just need to get a "War Eagle" out of you.
hiya :D sorry for the lateass reply ^^;;
I don't understand how my favorite pair of jeans went missing...
Check out Joshua James at SXSW 2012.
However, what Lebanese dishes they have are authentically done. Aladdin's baklava, for example is made in house.
TY everyone who gave me #FF. So sweet... Love you, muah!!!
and for destroying that goon Ryan Seacrest's tux!
Fuckk I'm stuckk in traffic
Catching up on a lot of 24/7 and movies today.
Could not have picked a more beautiful day in the district to honor women everywhere! #IWD Happy International Women's Day :]
The only person you should try to be better than, is the person you were yesterday.
how's house coming? What's the latest?
do you want to go?
Great read and take on the situation. Not sure I fully agree as the companies have diff biz models...but mobile will be key.
Have you ever tried sleeping with a broken heart, well you can try sleeping in my bed <333333
my sister and her religious beliefs annoy me.
Glad I kept my mouth shut.
Rihanna...You can't send the message that after a man assaults you, you can return to him. Too many girls caught in that cycle.
sometimes we say things we don't mean. sometimes we hurt each other. but no matter what i will always love you...
You just have to find a way to piss me off !
Follow me PLEASE:D
According to , I'm influential about: robot. Robot? Don't let klout fool you, I know nothing about robots.
What you doing? Lol ": Law & Order SVU Marathon. Do not disturb."
God-breathed. Necessary.
When I'm stressed (like right now, stupid end of semester), I eat meals at crazily random times.
Want to talk books? Head on over to my account and join the discussion.
Finally got a chance to rea the Derrick Rose GQ article. His likability honestly is pretty off the charts. But two things: 1) I still.. 1/2
Presents the Battle of the Bands Finals at Jaxx in Springfeild,VA this Saturday September 25th!
YOU TOO. <3 You're the reason I made this twitter account! Follow me please, AUSTIN! :D
I know some of you are planning an event right now.. be sure to contact us! We can help with one small detail or help plan the entire event!
I'm happiest when I have an organized
Slightly less evil (20 minutes in) landlord trying to force tenant to sign new lease (in the middle of the old one) forcing T to declaw cat.
So, you ordered a large double cheeseburger, a large fry, with a diet coke.....wtf is the point in your life?
Virtual organizations as way to create teams and connectedness within teams. Members must maintain other outside connections
Awww i love her :)
Need help with storm clean up in Midtown? Let us know, we will try to help or get you help!
Can somebody tell me how to go to see my rts on the twitter on the comp? please
I'm loving all this rain!! It's almost dandelion season!! WOOHOO!! Bring it on, Mother Nature!! <U+2665>
Hey how you been?
that T was worth it
Piper U r AWESOME :)! U get all the good interviews!! We love #PipersPicksTV :)!
New Up North shirts available at the next show!
I saved some tickets for you. Come ask for Kristie at the Popped! Republic truck.
Age is how we determine how valuable you are. -Jane Elliot
Cover bands don't change the world. Don't be a cover band.
for the love of god...
hopefully not ! text me i have go buy my mom a mothers day gift (:
And how do you propose the MLB squashes outbursts towards umpires? In a sense that's part of the game, no?
Thanks to all veterans for your sacrifice.
oh, just ordered the last 3 records. how do i not have these?
Girl: What do you want to be when you grow up? Boy: Your husband.
I couldn't have said it any better!
100 points in a single game. 50 years ago today by wilt. Only game that never actually finished in nba.
When you can feel someone staring at you<<<
Your playing with fire
Nice to see u. How is ur day going?
My dad's at the Astro's game tonight (where they're wearing the Colt .45 uniforms), and Adam's going tomorrow. JERKS.
This will probably be the last time I wake up this early & sleep that late:)
How have you been? What are you up to these days?
Stairs would become the new Everest RT : What if everyone crab walked to get around?
will need to think srsly about it! For now...at vet with buca :( he's acting funny. Not haha funny
I guess
That functionality is supposed to be added by the end of the week with a software upgrade. :)
Join us for a nationwide charity event this Sunday, September 26, as we collect donations of hair for Children with Hairloss. cc:
we don't use any freaky chemicals, & base our decisions on the latest nutritional science. Hope to see you & soon!
#baltimore whats up I'm bored
A lot on my plate and mind today.
Lmao RT : I see you’re playing stupid. Looks like you’re winning too.
Had a great seminar on HP 3Par enterprise storage this afternoon! Took lots of notes, did very little doodling.
I got to watch it in class :)
sounds good! I will approve you when you request
Oh please don't say that name.
Excited about hanging with my bestie & fam game on Saturday. Ready the hotdogs & beer! #CamdenYards, here we come.
IF I GET ANY COMPLAINTS FOR SPAM AFTER I CHANGE MY PASSCODE, I WILL DELETE U MYSELF.
listening to tyga on pandora ! (:
I need a new pair of J's and a silver rosary!!
what time the game
Hahaha I'm watching u spread hate on chopped now too RT ": I'm shouting at line cooks."
In North Carolina discussing sustainability projects with two agencies.
I mean swept, lol
Must admit, I am curious. Seems like a place that should be in the Gaslamp, tho. ;)
And why did NorthKoreaNews just follow me?
First bike ride of the season! My butt will soon be angry.
it could be a Phineus and Ferb backyard beach :D
haha! Oh yes! I do that all the time :) well I try until my mom catches me -_- lol
ik lmao I got a new dress today lol
2 more FREE Locks given to email list customers for 4pm est games. Email us to get them.
Damn, they don't make them like you anymore
Long Bombs Away
Can't see Eagles investing big $$ at this point in O-Line (Kalil), RB (T-Rich) or WR (Blackmon). Already heavily invested in those positions
what is the airbrush app!?! Don't keep us hanging :)
Huh. Making predictions?
Liverpool RT : Thunder RT : Who won? Heat or Lakers
So how/where did you get the name Scorp/Scorpeze?
Emily, looking forward to your insights.
Foodies: #FF from My wildest fantasies cannot compare to her real life epicurean adventures.
This live tweeting is too exciting, I can barely contain my excitement at what's coming next!!!
Love is Louder <3
school is passing by too fast ;/
Junior high guys are so immature.
Congrats! It's an AMAZING song! <3
Sullivan is such a suck up. Remember his love for GWB?
Coconut water out of a can < coconut water from an actual coconut.
"Real achievement demands many consistent, focused efforts spread over long periods of time." in other words - keep at it!!
I don't get it?
you're welcome! :)
Well there's reason for concern now. Velocity isn't the same nor is his control. Usual signs of health issues.
what u do n tha 3 point contest.
Just in time for #bourbonchase, welcome to Twitter.
my eyes are peeled lol
this day is slowly getting better
I've never seen a walk to remember........
i love your new videoo<3
ur unique?Hmm probably not unique thought
Almost done with the new Stephen King book 11/22/63. It's so good.
Yes+proud of it! Love bantering w/a cheese head! RT While an awesome Hipstographer, Rebecca is a VIKING
30 Rock Recap: The Queen of Jordan Returns - Vulture
Listening to "Banjo" on the radio by & thinking abt hearing it live with while So good.
Super Mystery Jackpot clue: The artist was on TV show.
there is none, but one fresh and clean
Tisk tisk at cheaters watching cheaters it's crazy
i hate february
The Wednesday Letter by Jason F Wright.
When we r in the supermarket + someone rams our ankle w a shopping cart than apologizes 4 doing so, y do we say, 'It's all right,' it's not.
oh my b I mean are school work van . Hard to explain.
best game ever and could be a sporting event, "where's Mystikal?"
you're in class, you will be tough again
"Good luck, and may the odds be in your favor." They said that at least 9 times throughout the movie Hunger Games
I have never seen a cellphone shatter into so many pieces and still work.. damn thing just won't die
Thank you Warren! I know Wy !
"I wish I had invented blue jeans. They have expression, modesty, sex appeal, simplicity - all I hope for in my clothes." Yves Saint Laurent
can't wait!
Mental note: Don't change password at work before you go on vacation and if u do write it down.
hey your GM almost tweeted about pretty little liars from this account instead of his personal account. good thing that didnt happen.
just saw a movie with you and Alex O'louphlin
MK: 25 U.S. states are trying to pass laws banning Sharia.
Breaking: Obama Endorses Gay Marriage
smh did u tell her she smells like mothballs ? :')
'Girls' has this weird thing where Brian Williams' daughter is really hot, but also kind of horrible, and I don't know how to feel about it.
follow me now ?? That would be #Chill <3
My friend had some drunk guy try to bust into her room at #Harrahs #Vegas today. Mgr there accused her of inviting him to her rm.
Two big announcements from MCPSA today....
On further consideration, not a "big" win for C. Yes, pubs will go to them, but libs get 1 chapter/10% free.
my bad lmfao but u kno new york be going in
Waiting to see the one an only jb smoove with
sleep well MCA! you were an inspiration!
I pay Cherie to say those things! Lol:)
thank you sir. Had a great time last night. Looking forward to working together!
An artist never really finishes his work, he merely abandons it. ~Paul Valery
Oh my gosh, you're embarrassing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
And you were there!
Maybe you should? What's that mean!?
drive safe, I will be stuck, tired, at work till after 7am.
Do you have what it takes to be the best?
Northwestern grads give reliably good advice.
Oscars: Good start
I miss shopping with you !
Mattoon: It is important to understand structures/trends of other economies to get a better sense of int'l competition.
I ride a horse named mercy With a coat that's the colorofhope When you needsomeone we will comegalloping Carrying golden rope
Treat your sweet to a Couples Massage this weekend!!
Chase Budinger crushed the first round of the #spriteslam but I bet he does not win because this is just a pop contest now
Come on Gaffney, that celebrity sighting is not even worth tweeting.
isn't that the truth.
bring it tomorrow! Lol
The phone goes off as the previews begin.
like deadass right
damn ok Rachel! ;D
Elise is skyping my mom all the way from Korea to tell her happy mother's day!
lmao them was the days lol... too much fun
I wish I didn't know about it!
“: They say before you succeed, you gotta suffer” Amen. That's why you gotta keep going.
pregaming for the badger herald open house, here's to not making a fool of myself and/or hurting anybody, cross yr fingers.
IN my MotherFu*king pants. * Unzipps and looks down* oh yeah, she in there.
You rock!!
RT : Twitter VP Engineering Michael Abbott: "We're not a social network, we're an information network."
Miss c'ing you in the morning girl! <U+2665> KU, saw him 12 times last year and finally got to meet him in Milwaukee. Dream come true.
Haha...yup. Look forward to more great photos man.
Tonight we follow the Moroccan Spice Trail at Hipcooks on Live on
Also, also: I'm pretty excited about Spidey.
We're currently experiencing some problems, looking into it. Will update when we find out more.
so tired of life guard training and then gotta work again later tonight
I like Justin Bieber on #TheVoice. Cute song.
Pretty please donate? : )
Got arrested at the Mardi Gras for jumping on a float/My man MCA got a beard like a billy goat
Is a 'sprint jersey' something specific? I just bought a Novara one. Very light but not really tight around arms and chest.
It's Thursday & ur probably ready 4 a little sumpin' right? RU ready 4 A Little Sumpin' Wild? Well that's just what we have 4 u on tap now!
Kelly Kelly Clarkson
I don't want to get married or have kids. If that changes, cool! If not, cool! As long I live my life happily, I'm good :)
i only smell my own, and cause it smeels like old spice, but i don't wear old spice
Q1) metaphors quickly draw parallel from past, potentially shared experience
Step to the beat of my heart!
How is there not a cable network that just plays Casablanca and The Royal Tenenbaums on a loop yet?
we R not, don't know about anyone else... RT : are y'all or anybody getting the iversons
Just giving you a hard time. Congrats on the win. The Burgh can be very solid. Enjoy the strip. Something there for everyone.
am #workout! #GetItIn. No substitutions!
Losing faith in tht person <<<<
Gonna take a nap then algebra 2 hw Damn adult school is really taking away my energy >_<
I'm following you!!!
Will do. Express mail.
She not responding to me -_-
We'd like to invite you to our Fall Meetup on Oct. 21. We can give you all the info if you'd like to DM us.
awww :) We hope you had a great evening!
Thunderstorms everywhere in S. Fl. Thank goodness it didn't last weekend. :-)
Fave hidden gem museum is - lots of multimedia and participatory exhibits.
we're having a beer dinner with and Whole Foods Market Fort Lauderdale on Monday April 25! Stay tuned !
I'm in love with Jack White for the moment FYI. Blunderbuss is an AMAZING album.
Happy Thursday sale....blueberry 35 an 8th
Now Playing The Soul Crooners at West Coast Black Theater troupe in Sarasota FL
The 1:45 round will include the topics of: new online resources for media history researchers, lessons from journalism education and cover..
RT : How is music going to change the world? Check out the new website by INKster and find out!
Uggghhhh!!! rolled ankle !!!! No basketball for 3 days
Dude, thanks for the compliment/endorsement! Ha ha. You're a pro, though. I'm just an idiot w/ a WordPress blog.
Nashville 10. Gina 1. This city kicked. My. Ass.
Boxers are cute :)
Free iPad2 to the winner. Simple, Fun and FREE. Why not check us out! Have a little extra fun! www.playffnow.com
Hey #BrendaButtner #Foxnews I Can't believe you just said a McDonalds hamburger "is God's food" Your ignorance offends. Get thee to a gym.
Gonna be a goddess for halloween!
whats up im rocking out to your show! everyday
Charles St Farmers Market today 3-7pm N Charles at Lanvale.
because is acting like a child. He's trying to get his way, not do what's best for this country.
I got another nigga bitch wit me... And I'm falling for her
Come, and take choice of all my library, And so beguile thy sorrow. - William Shakespeare, Titus Andronicus
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. George Bernard Shaw
and....Blackboard goes down. Way to go, nameless LMS hosts.
So how bout that ride home guys.....I guess that's why the call it Indy.
NO...!!! that's not right... and where are the mushy peas ???
Bout to rock out the grill. Hand made burgers... You don't even notto
Cleaning up doggy vom and s...tuff all over the house. Poor little guy.
some #blackcrowes to start the week off right! fun stuff...
Had (I think) a reasonably successful audition today. Now is time for lots of Dexter.
thanks for sharing the info
Have you downloaded New Cd My Better Half? If not What are you waiting on
Whatever God brings you to.. He will bring you through. <U+E41D>
You need to go on tour!! Haha!
yeah I really don't care too much for her. All her songs are kinda the same and basic material.
this week I'm finally filming Two Indians Talking!
THAT IS AWESOME!!!! thanks for the love!!!
Go see The Help! Excellent movie!
Half off appss
you're welcome!! (:
#MattCavanuaghSays everything that the media reports is 100% fact
RT : Here we go! Q1: Who has a social media fundraising success story? cc
There are a lot more in the 2 hr workshop that I didn't have time to write up as blog cc
I didnt know you were around??
In Detroit, Michigan, it is illegal for a man to scowl at his wife on Sunday. Haha :)
the bronchitis idk I'll tell you when I find out
Holy crap he looks like his dad.
Bryan Ferry is going to be on Letterman tonight. Too kewl to miss for Roxy Music fans.
kira i known here since she was lilltle gurl she be sayin or call herself joker i think
All #students thrive in clear, fair, practiced, and dependable
Tweeting with fans. Literally.
I don't like to refer to Chipper Jones as Chipper. From now on he only exists to me as Larry Wayne Jones.I'm too sophisticated for nicknames
Most things we think r impossible in life is because we have never tried them. So go for every dream & opportunity before making a judgement
Best day ever!
is my favortie Male singer, ! I looveee you soo much, !
Go often to the house of thy friend; for weeds soon choke up the unused path. - Proverb
I cried when I found out you were gone
I want 2012 to be a good year. :)
If Padilla isn't a rapist then theres a new look for rapists
Dance your night away with our live DJ tonight!
On my way! To my baby house
Humane Society plans pet vaccination, microchip clinic - WJBC News
whats a no go?
Yeah, that's basically how it would of worked or another way that it might of turned out had mike lived was that my body would
Visiting Santa at Macy's in NYC. Nothing quite like it.
NICE!!! "SCHOLAR/DANCER
Totally useless tweet of the day: I'm going to have rice.
On my break and deff gonna take longer then 30min
yeah that, or, Twitter: For when you want to talk to yourself in front of a bunch of strangers.
Wake up 2 the dice game...lol
thanks anna
MusicNOW was PACKED.
I'm a very unusual basketball fan. I'm a Bucks fan, but if there's a team I'd love to see win the NBA Finals, it's the Bulls.
Don't stay in Miami too long. I'm going to miss you so much. I'm proud of you but don't forget SA. <3
you are my boy
Can't wait!
26 away from 600 followers!!!:) Can we do it while I'm at school???:)
Rude people at work <<<
ok here I go, just downloaded the myspace app to my phone!
Oh too cute.
good point
I was hacked! Sorry to all for the inconvenience and thanks for looking out for me.
"There is no such thing as a perfekt plan"
haha I miss you!
because Tampa is AWESOME.
whats up Man! Another sunny day in the #castro today!
Its been 4 years sense mom is gone. Im proud of myself for handoling yesterday well. I love you mom and Ill make anything work out for you!
Yes, Erika G was there! Just spoke with her about the upcoming pedagogy course. /db
This guy brought his five year old to a bar
Ward's at Check out Chef Kev on NOW!
RT : #SEO Tip:Update your site's content regularly.
Geeze just realized a lot of my friends aren't single.. And why am I still single
I hope I dont get burnt tomorrow?..:/
good golly maybe that's what all his gaffes have been!
I'm crossing things off of my 'to do' list like a boss.
RT : If you don't want people to complain about you online, then stop pushing out crap.
Hey, Michael. Yeah. I'm doing a quick "this is happening" preview. Then I want to profile some of the companies for sure.
thanks for the FF!
yeah buddy!
I'm not sure I know what you mean, but Gerry is a real person. And Halloween 3 is shitty
a shout out to all you amazing guys who bought me presents this week! lingerie and shoes and toys, oh my! wanna cum chat and spoil me too?
dude... that's amazing. Thai food. Perfect drankin' food.
#VCU OFFICIAL VIDEO ON YOUR CAMPUS
Don't worry Christianne
Im all 4 2nd chances,Not 10or more.They're more talented "non drug addicts" who deserve 2 work. Lohan does not!
Tax Credit Extented, Also Tax credit for current home owners who have owned for 5 years, $6500 Tax Credit. www.newbridgehomeloans.com
I like how Madonna copied #alejandro by obv
not like it is tomorrow...still over the 2 weeks prior for airfare. See you guys there!
Fire up your filters.
now being a #sacklesspussy and using the old "my account got hacked" method of defense.
Haly better be at school today
that sounds like a solid company.
any chance we'll see you at a track in Wisconsin this year ?
I can help lol ;-)
Being. A person is to complicated! Time to be. A unicorn bicthes! Or tree that gets photosynthesis
You are too sweet! I really enjoyed our conversation. Look forward to more.. :)
Friggin teen night is where it's at bro.
Happy Bday. I hope you have a great day. I admire your courage and your love for your family. You are an inspiration.
“: You know what it reminds me of?” No, what does it remind you of?
Seriously ? U suspend again?
RIP SLIM DUNK BRICK SQUAD MAFIA
I hope it's soon !
lol* i read it 'oreos' i supposed it just like lmao biscuit lol
The Fake Guy cheating my friend !
lmao you're one to talk
find a way?
There is nothing like the feeling you get driving down the neighborhood you grew up in.
Tweet dreams:))))
Coming up at 5:30: what's missing when it comes to linking a murder defendant to a professor's gruesome slaying
Fuck midterm test . Wa
RT : seems to me they should change the name of the #Budshootout to the BudRoundUP,she's turning into a free for all !
. Plz don't upset 30m people!
hey calm the fuck down curious lol. it was just to funny watching you put in the wrong passcode lmao!
waldo is in ur pants;)
Haha! That'd be amazing!!!
Sprint outside in a bathrobe & boots or miss garbage truck?
Welcome home! Excited to catch up on Wednesday :)
you did great Jeff (fox news)!!
TMC members-All new accounts that you sign up count as a referral and help toward winning the June Prize Giveaway. So tell all your friends!
go look atmy pictures
Ugh, I have a bad headache. :-(
You can choose to be present in this moment, for it is in this moment that peace resides and true transformation occurs
2 more days until they announce the #iPad3 hope pre ordering goes live this year or else it's sad for me getting 1 from that first batch.
gotta take a step back before u go forward
Zanna, Don't! performances until the 18th of March! get your ticket today!
I too will no longer be known by the derogatory nick-name "K-Fat"
-___- ugh ": To all the millions of you who bought the No. 1 selling Tim Tebow Broncos jersey.....you now have a #throwback”
Enjoyed my first pumpkin-carving with Gavin last night. He wasn't nearly as into it as I was.
99/100! RT : "In times of rapid change, experience could be your worst enemy." - J. Paul Getty
Check out the Lighting the Way trailer here:
he loves hockey! And football!
I'm right there with ya brotha.
next tuesday is my birthday hopefully I can find something by then.
Its always that weirdo n the computer lab for some reason smh to poor to buy a 300 $ laptop or some shit
Damned piñata cookies followed me home.
Just saw that tweet from Nov 3rd, but thank you kind sir! Do come back soon.
Good morning. Cheers to a summer like day! *tink
Slicer in Excel 2010 can be used to provide people with info without teaching them pivot tables.
Me!! ;-) RT you know who looks good at 50+?
Hah! But there's no nutmeg here right now. And by the way, I added a tad bit too much brown sugar.
im cooling doe .
ALWAYS great seeing you! Hope your cat is ok.
congratulations to you and your family!
is 1704 a new Loop?? ;)
WAIT HOLD IT. People talking about Third Eye Blind on my TL. Favorite!
Good lord. RT : #ipad now accounts for 89% of #mobile shopping revenue (via #marketingcharts).
thanks for sharing. Interesting to see how app developers are trying to incent users
Oh no! I wish I was there, too! I totally gave some to my roommate this weekend when she wasn't feeling well :) Miss you lady.
follow me back, Martin! ;) LoL
Thank you for a great keynote tonight! Liked the Case 1-5 SM Mgmt ideas
I really am sorry Keisha! I was outta line(:
thank you!
yeah. Where u?
Need some more heels.. Daddy??
Noelle Withington! You are a ROCKSTAR!!!! We're honored to count you among our friends and supporters!!!!
First time at brooklyn bowl.. for Soulive, Rahzel and Questlove. Pretty dope spot!
Ugh, 'the nanny diaries' is a thing
ha ha! One of my favourite match ups, Samson Vs. Zangief.
Haha says "yes my cat is cross eyed -thats not photoshopped guys"
And yet you could argue that my tweeting from SABEW is doing exactly what Blodget is saying not to do. The J-Conference Paradox?
A map, a fire, a knife, a key, one thing more, one thing more. It's me. :) lolz
<---- GO FOLLOW HER! SHE FOLLOWS BACK!!
Inside Story: Recent changes to the IL AIDS Drug Assistance Program have led to growing pains for program and applicants alike....
Why can't I have a lunch that looks like that anymore :(
The carnival was fun.
there was no link in your tweet. I'll look on the Make site...
Glad to have had your beauty there. “: thanks for allowing me to sitin on your reading! Now I'm inspired to do a lot ...
Jordy is doing manly things like building a fire with his bare hands while wearing a denim shirt
k can't wait to hear what you think:)
all good.It went really well.Good turn out and response. we do it again in June
"Bad artists copy. Good artists steal." - Pablo Picasso
your obviously drunk or faded as fuck
Tomorrow is Sunday right. RigHT!!!
People will be slow to adopt mHealth if the #healthIT revolution brings only increased medicalization and identity tied to disease.
& inspire me! Great question - tweet about the women in the #Museum world who inspire you today
Yes! The #pope is here ! I remember Jp2 visit to Ireland in 79 , me and Johnny logan took acid + saw god,
its your fault
And now to wash all the "Jersey Shore" out of my hair and off of my face. I better get an "A" for this.
This is just sick what New England is doing to Tenneessee. I think there should be a mercy rule.
A floating bookstore is such a great idea. They have the best possible ballast!
It's official - we began building our android app today - excited ! cc
I was crackin UP but seriously that's bad..
Here we come !! Givin' out goosebumps Sunday at Bobby Mcgees Chicago Ridge !! Get your tix soon www.aftonshows.com/divineblue !!!
Talking while taking a visual field...
Goodnight everyone! Sweet dreams love you all :*
time for you to start speaking as an expert about twitter + journalism. You are truly leading the pack
Welcome writer!
Show don't tell. Write for the eye first in screenplays.
The "Historical Society" wifi works better than the convention center's
so, YOU'RE the one who gave it to me.
I think has a coffee brand too. Begs the question, what would endorse?
Wow. They like the Badgers that much? Probably 18-21 range in the polls tomorrow?
Don't even -_-
get one if me cause you love me or your puppy :)
cause thats only way mayweather can avoid pacman, manny agreed to the olympic testing already
The homie gotta have a funeral... crazy...
could you explain what road beef is for people who might not understand. Lol. Btw what city has the best road beef
Heading out!
no doubt ..thanks
Wanting to brighten things up for summer??? Try a 24/7 highlight!!!! Book your appointment today at 414.988.4165 :)
sick! thank you:)
My relationship with my Ex was purely psychological... He was fucking psycho and I was logical.
Off to the Ravenna toddler playroom this morning. It's a madhouse of munchkins...
it's our thing -.- you want out of it ? o.0
If I ever have to see another #crowneplaza again I'll die.
Thanks for the RT!
he's way better the cp3 and remember he got a ring to
don't forget to set your little Wendy alarm tonight, izzo and tailgate wait for nobahdy
No D3 tonight :(
Call your dentist if you feel even a slight twinge. It may take an x-ray to pinpoint the crack, which can be smoothed or filled.
I would paint my nails and then realize I can't go to sleep until they're dry... Beauty is pain? More like beauty prevents sleep. <U+E40E>
if I really miss you I'll tell you. don't ask. you'll just make things awkward.
STOP. NO HE'S NOT.
Books are the glass of council to dress ourselves by. Bulstrode Whitlock
I'll be 19 next month :) you?
you can pick it up in the high school training room after school tomorrow!
I finally received my placement test results and well.... at least I'm not a total moron...
and if you're right, you can get on this here Twitter Machine and yell til your heart's content. Have fun.
Or perhaps a little bit of both.
On the way the DC on SILSSA's annual pilgrimage to the Library of Congress!
Playing @ Central Market Westgate in Austin this Wed @ 6:30! Great food + live music = Good Times!!
"Use the money you were spending on the war, use 1/2 to pay down debt, and use the other 1/2 to do some nation building right here at home!"
change the record already
I absolutely love my new glasses but hate having to get used to them
Strangers into friends, friends into acolytes, acolytes into missionaries. The plugin is called Psilocybin & it's awesome.
you aint never lie!
Oh and btw, I start a new job on Wednesday. Six months of unemployment over.
Those compassionate conservatives Bush referenced.
And its Atlanta area code..
Have a good weekend, Fellow Twitterers!
M&T chief calls for less government red tape, better schools
Back in Wilkes-Barre (whose idea was that?!) just 5 hrs late. Rethinking this whole flying thing.
RIP MCA. The beastie boys will never be the same.
I'm pretty sure the women of the LES broke in to my closet circa 1998 and stole all my Candies.
I miss being a lil girl
gayest not greatest!! Yea I posted that
thanks for making the weekend awesome!
QUOTES: Leadership is doing what is right when no one is watching. – George Van Valkenburg
Twitter. You fail when it comes to getting me my mentions -_-
3 search engines 4 'Wukane China' Nothing.Even on Twitter' I used christian Bale's name&story I was advi of was tech. prob. can't get info
yes. I wonder how many Ferris upstairs seats ....
Thanks for your support!! We're thrilled to have you on board :) Welcome to
#saysomething that doesnt remind me of my cruise this year :(
Carry on, you will always remember/Carry on, nothing equals the splendor/The center lights around your vanity/But surely heaven waits for u
Absolutely! It's nice to hear folks ask to pet before approaching a dog.
Thank you Mason...Can't wait to see you at Jan came out yesterday and visited for awhile.
Tweet your questions during a talk and project on twitter fall screens around the room
given the $3 service charge per ticket over $2 last year, and $15 ticket vs $10 last year you'd think they could do better.
WE LOVE YOU. Thanks for all the
It's a dream afraid of waking that never takes the chance.
HAPPY NEW YEAR! Hope everyone got drunk and laid last night and that the clothes we make helped in some small way..
In Canada, 40-70% of female murder victims were killed by their male partners.
I wanna wary that new show Girls on HBO. Looks like a legit way to waste my time.
New rule. Stop using the word 'genome.'
My mom strongly dislikes Bevis and Butthead...dunno why
People most likely get a lot of tweeting done when their shitting. I mean why do you think I am tweeting so much at the moment. :)
okay, im always ready! :)
Are you loving all these new tv spots for the upcoming summer season?
RT : Electric outage update: 196 customers out, 145 of them in E Mtns. Crews hope to get most of these folks on in next few hours.
Tsunami! Tsunami! Tsunami!!.
Many Patriots killed, houses burned to open way for others to Vote, though they never lived to see the USA. Some whine they have to get ID?
SERIOUSLY I HATE YOU SPRINT
Thanks for the Fol&RT mention! Hope you have a great weekend!
I love Stacey Dash! She looks incredible for her age
For the Record: I'm on my "Rhianna Quote at Night Thing". I love how she quotes stuff that seem so deep yet sound crazy...Moscato...lol.
in Newport Beach by these expensive homes. i dont remember the street name because its a small street. I know by vision.
no screaming chickens in the dream, just a dennys in downtown Madison where there isn't one…
Preparing artwork for a moving and storage company in New Jersey. Shipping out 500 printed pullover hoodies today for them.
You don't know what you don't know that you don't know! I learned something about myself that I didn't know I didn't know. A aha moment.
Feeling lost At this very moment. . . like every time. . . i just do for the wrong ppl and i make a fool. Smh last Valentines day. real talk
Just finished watching Project X with my girl.
Right on!
How come?
Our RefWorks seminar is actually tomorrow at 12PM. We're so excited at the prospect of showing you this great tool :)
Good luck, Eric. RT : Weird and surreal moment seeing myself on the austin city council ballot. I just vote!
We love our fans, and people willing to give us a chance. We do not give a shit about closed minded scene fucks
#EverydayIThinkAbout...the money!
love u girl! Congrat and thank for u advices! Xoxo
LOL this girl tried giving me attitude today at work thinking she was cute with her hello kitty tattoo. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Paul Brown~ A winner never whines.
If you are not getting the results you're looking for, make the needed corrections and try again. Quiting is not an option.
Beast Mode Click......Unleash the beast....we are ready to prowl!!
Just a reminder that the Meet Gary Vaynerchuk #tweetup tonight is from 430-6pm at (Lakefront Brewery). See you there!
He's a player
that's awesome
I called with 'oddy' that's cute I think ? ._. Would you ?
Selena Gomez's song Middle of Nowhere >>>><U+2665><U+266B>
Im not slow...I just choose to pace my thoughts!!:))
Some of my employees are mentally challenged.....I hope none of them follow me on twitter.....I did block them from my facebook
And thanks to the second lady who asked just now when she joined said lady's table.
Thanks for all who have served or are serving our country!
The Mega Millions jackpot for Friday's drawing is now estimated at $540 million.
:) guess u figured out how to login! Love u too
Believe it or NOT, there R worse things than having a loved one in prison.
go be the Rockstar I Know you were born to be!
Thanks for the follow! I love seeing the confluence of spirituality & parenting; so integral to each other. Peace!
Caught the ice cream man! Cookies n cream<3
no freaking way! youre in Austin?!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2> ahh! <U+2764>
I used to be a sinner... BUT GOD!
If I say thank you, its nice to say "you're welcome". . . Even if you're a teacher. -__-
happy kwanza and my friend was like what and he said idk if shes jewish and we laughed. hes so funny
Life in permanent beta.
very much so
why you got to hate Messner?
Gerard Robinson "one size CAN'T fit all in education."
<3 it would be nice if you texted me;)
Many "Diagnosed" with Altzheimer's have old head injury. Do you ever wonder about Pres. Reagan? Subdural hematoma from TBI.
If I were to do that and set that in front of my husband for dinner, I'm fairly certain he would stare at it then laugh.
Ill be there tomorrow lol RT : um
very similar to what happens in behavioral variant frontotemporal dementia, which also affects OFC area
The Weezing looks so awesome.
Sweats all day every day
"I can't give away my most romantic thing, then other guys are gonna know my romantic...things." -- lmfao Justin Bieber
word to me son, it is hard to compete with the waist to ass ratio of That shit don't make any sense.
chemistry book actually..
Got Your # Still...I Want To Talk Shows & We Should Get Up & Do A Joint To Catapult Things For Us Both.
Luv the new Honda commercial w/the fam doing Ozzy.
“: I want to meet someone new.” -- what's up ? I'm Quinton lol
OH I get your tweet now #nosey :l
Autocorrect is like that person who just graduated college and think they know everything...
Hi guys! What's Up? What r u doing?
kris jenner makes me laugh :')
Speaking of reviews has a great one of Jon Marks' book
I'm surprised your car doesn't continually reek of Chinese food.
Read Denise's farewell msg: bit.ly/9pAcg8 Come to tonight's mtg to wish her well &plan for Empowerment Day!
they need incentives. I believe teachers took the time to learn how to use active board b/c of the ready-made lessons.
We're switching our username to to match our new branding, there shouldn't be a need to re-follow, just a heads up. Cheers!
I think there was more sunshine in the 70's (as in K.C. and the..., I'm walking on..., etc., etc.)
Thanks for sharing my latest post - I truly appreciate the support.
When I see your face there's not a thing that I would change Except the direction I'm walking
That's what she said
just wanted to say I'm thinking of you. Interesting year to work at All Sports Museum, or any sports museum.
That wasn't the question I asked :-) I'll wait for an answer.
A reminder to delegates: your Pre-Primary Endorsement meetings are this weekend! More info at: www.sddemocrats.org/events.asp
Saying Kroger is an outstanding company and the action of the OTR store don't line up. If it's that bad, kill it.
Hey dudes :)
Follow me back! is a Sexy account related to Watch porn online!:*
How is winning an oscar "HUMBLING?"
I was rolling when she fell in the throw up!!!
Of course Santorum wins Minnesota caucus. That's where Lake Woebegone is. Damn you, Garrison Keillor. DAMN YOU.
Maybe I can stick em in your pockets, run em through your hair and we can get to rockin' #thomasrhett <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
People are ignorant af !
Having a brief affair with a katydid while the bf is out with his new mfa-ers. Hoping for some stridulation.
Mine and 'a tweeting spree. >>
play a good team and then y'all can talk but for now y'all poo poo
You have not replied to my request!
People say I look like rob dyrdek :/ good or bad?
Who do all the (fake, never went to or have any connection to) Dook basketball fans root for now in the tourney?
The Hunger Games (Book > Movie). But the movie was still really good, just not as good as the book.
Would love that! : Hi Darnell! I sent you a DM ~ Re: What's Trending In Seattle #Interview #GirlPowerHour Would love to chat!"
What do you think? Should researchers be allowed to eat in the archives? Does it depend on the value of the documents they are viewing?
Also known as Kimberly Austin, Im a TV strategist 4 the Harlem Globetrotters. Brander, connector, environmental cocktailer, actress & host!
Mille grazie, bella! RT : Happy birthday to , who is as smart as she is lovely.
I have a heart on for you!
The more people i meet the more i wanna be with you !<3
What test do you have to pass to get admitted into the Academy of Country Music?
you are welcome!! Thanks for coming out!
Hope everyone has a great weekend! Happy Passover and Happy Easter!
Come to the conclusion guys want sex more then relationship's lOl
just try thts all u can do
I guess the lake's dirty anyway, or so I've heard. You'd have a lakefront view!
Am I really tweeting? Or is it just the drugs making me think I joined twitter?
follow back?
coffee date? Spill it!!!
ever consider openning restaurant chain...locating near or in gyms? Serving meals geared to individual training habits and needs?
oh I know it wasn't bad. I read the conversation from the beginning :) and somebody thinks I'm fucking hot
Thanks Larry For Everything.........Joseph D'Ambrosio
Now off to #SanFrancisco to explore the city and go hiking with Brian and Laura
At home, Bumping music, doing homework, Great day :)
RT " Who is "RT" and why is he copying my tweets" It happened again!
''West Memphis starting to be borin"
Now the question is, are we all that dumb or is there something really wrong with you? That is a sick writing skill.
Thanks for following! We've been dying to have a Ferret Party, you all are the true party animals!
Ballou Marching Band will be waiting on the tarmac“:
Today! Harvard Library Thinks Big event in Sanders at 4pm kicks off Harvard Library conversations series: bit.ly/hlsc11
This sucks.
its hard to fake a smile during school and act like i'm okay, but when i get home and when i'm alone i cant hide the fact that i'm depressed
1 lb of fat = 3500 calories. lose 1 lb a week by eating 250 less calories & burning 250 calories each day
Q7: Nutcrackers were first handcrafted in 17th century Saxony. Will any of your gifts be homemade?
The train is always leaving as I enter the platform
I knowww I was hype as shit when I heard that! Lol
About to do my first official workout of 2012 in the form of Bootcamp w/ . Go hard or go home right?
Levon Helm died today...so sad. You inspire me so much to be a better musician.
We you get finished pretending then life will begin.
yes please !
RT What we look for in others is what's missing in US. We have to learn to complete ourselves.
Ahh they changed the username. Wow…
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 15
Thank you!!
I once chewed an apple into a sculpture of Abraham Lincoln's head.
Don't let the rain stop you, come down to jeppa joes for lunch at marquette campus (15th and wells)
now I can work a 40 hour week without the stress of school
Just completely messed up a friendship that was important.
lol. amen. All is well with me and mines over here too. Happy Thanksgiving to you too. I may c u @ K&G 2moro
I kinda wanna shit but I don't feel like making the effort.
Great. I just picked that up last night too...
Dope, i couldnt find u
I just dropped off your new seamstress! Wahoo -- you will be looking sexy!
Demi is so inspiring <U+2764>
What a great day it is. Fingers crossed.
You're going Hollywood on me :)
": I want one of those. Where did you order it from?"///The Obama website. Go to store.
HAHAHA he was great. We never took a picture with him :(((
watching hockey in the den and my RA asks if we can turn on nba #thatajoke?
So many wishes! better save some for tomororw ;)
Not fan of American Idol tonight... Skylar by far is one of the best singers in that competition
Two days until the big move to 162 Boylston! Wait until you see our new digs, people. They're amazing.
Have a Happy New Year!
OMG....HAVE U BEEN DRINKING LATELY ........PLZ DON'T DRIVE STAY SAVE...... BYE
SAN DIEGO STAND-UP! SUPPORT YOUR LOCAL STARZ! APR.12! RILEYS MUSIC LOUNGE! PERFORMING LIVE WILL BE CRISIS INSANE, FLASHIUS G. CLAY, PAKMAN
Damn, I hate when something bad happens to someone close and there isn't shit you can do or say to help.
I get the absolute worst tans
I listened to Daniel Tosh's standup where he described the whole movie in about 30 minutes. That was enough for me.
thanks for being Champions of the Community partner
Me favorite session today was illinois's experimental android apps
just got my bike stolen off the Rapid 780 headed W from Vermont/Prospect. Blck/gold, single speed. kill them.
Lmao it's not that serious, i just asked a question
Follow for details about Kansas City Urban Fashion Fest
#13 Evelyn's Place (YES!) - New Orleans, LA
See you tonight at
This Is Gunna Be Our Year. #JustSaying :)
thank you beautiful! you were lookin' fine at your premiere!
RT Gallant Knight is back! Here I come, baby.
Did you know Obama is a lefty too? Like YOU and ME <3 x
Yes, a Rt. 10 will make that trip. Have you tried Google Trip Planner? Many people find this an easy tool for planning trips.
absolutely a number of friends and I were just saying that #dondraper is just not doing it for us anymore!
I must be eight feet taller than everyone in here. I'm like some displaced giant...
Hey There! I'm a NEW FOLLOWER of This Way To The Egress -- and I'm mentioning the post/status on FB that told me of a prize.
Jamaican Proverb: "You tink a one day monkey want wife" Translation never forget those who helped you
Rockies need to get back on a roll and it starts tonight!
Can't wait for #streetleage tomorrow! #stoked!!!! Cant wait for the gnarylest skateboard contest!
3BR/2BA Single Family House in Dunwoody area. $1650/mth $800 Sec Dep. Inbox me for more details (Please Re Tweet)
Amy, thanks for following me.
Yes, I did. Marimekko comes to Mingei soon. Will let you know ads M DAY approaches,
Beautiful soul by Jesse McCartney <3
i remember all the looks on ur face when i told u i love you...........
it was most good! I thought it was pretty bomb. Great writing. Channing and Rachel looked good together on screen.
Man, Taskmaster's voice in USM SUCKS! Nowhere near as cool & unique as the NY accent he had in MvC3! is the ONLY Tasky!
Let's Go Blazers!! #RipCity Gotta hit some of those 3s!
#Scandal is an amazing show. Great writing and cast. With every ep. it gets better.
Why the hell am I still getting UK Now emails?
hey i <3u, but come up with an avatar pic better than the goose egg
my head wants to explode ;(
Another way to develop relationships with faculty and students: be a student, take a class! (Second masters, anyone?)
I need niggas thats gon ride til the wheels pop not niggas who ride wen its necessary for them
Clever and funny!
Finally home.<3
Can your office be reached from virtualy anywhere?
Shirt off, boxers showing, sweatpants sagging, dancing to music. #OnlySaggInTheCribb #GreatStartToSunday!
Weekend Tip: Three keys for playing in the wind On Friday, the 50,000-pound Space Shuttle Enterprise made its final flight, piggybacking
100 days till Brewers Home Opener 2012.
Kuuuuush in the swisher, money over bitches.
My starbucks taste gross, i hate when they fuck up <U+E059>
You've entered right? So you COULD be the winner of a $700 Macy's Card or $100 from Jeni's Ice Cream!...
Last night was something else but oh well on to the next day with a can of new ambition
When you hear the expression "moderate drinker" what do you think? Asking for a friend.
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. ~ Anais Nin
We are all on Light St !
the world needs ditch diggers Danny....judge smails
My blog I just tweeted a link to has the complete press release of details
I throw baseballs into the stands better than Josh Hamilton
Several people on this flight look like librarians. I'm guessing they aren't.
Coworker on my painting from last night: "It's not good, but I saw worse things my first year of art school" I'll take it!
I'm hungry.
Thunder well yea i keep on forgetting about them. we will see
My mom is so stupid though. I don't give a fuck if your mad at my sister I'm not gonna let you take it out on me.
tenor: two hours before a nooner.
Damn somebody got killed in the trappers
It's a slow day
Er, "safe" travels ;) RT : Save travels - enjoy Cambodia!
Any suggestions on how to improve my blog post
drugs? PEDs? what?!?
Was in a public place listening to a tired (but rude) kid and a submissive mom. Painful to witness.
After a solid first inning, Tommy Hanson is lining em up and sitting em down. Solid start. The
That's cool, was just making sure. Can you tweak your session title so easier to describe when on the session board?
It feels a lot better to be nice to people rather than be mean. Try it :)
Hi Lyndi! Great to see you at an #smcsea event.
My broker just emailed me. Says I can get a "free" 32 GB iTouch4 with Bose Headphones....if I deposit $75,000 in my account! LOL
Lets have a txt poll. Question should MS sink or swim?
Fight party popping right now....the crib is packed, now time for the fight
we are SO excited to have our furniture & lighting featured in Frank Ponterio's & Kinari Designs' Rooms!
well its true stop being a hater you jealous jerk
#AAPDgala was inspiring and optimistic. Plenty of work yet to be done to create equality for people with
support the artists performing live on the show by buying their music legally. Keep reggae alive!
Thanks for all you do, and thanks for the follow, OH.
And....the sirens are tested. It feels like there is one in my backyard.
For what ?
Even tho its not exactly how I pictured us, I wouldn't want it any other way.
definitely agree!
Everytime I see 's twitcon I meow cause I love cats :)
Ethier deserved it way more!! smh :(
Congratulations to all of our Tacky Holiday Sweatshirt winners! , , Sleeping Lady Resort, McKinstry and !
I'm around the corner!
there's no more corn for our "epic fails" :(
well that was the fastest I ever got ready for work.
I hereya on that
I will :) Stop by if you have time! Or tomorrow with the munchkin :)
Tree six mafia
I couldn't respond until we won so yea I will enjoy it n hope to see a down there
Oh I've got one. The gargoyle prep school novels. GARGYLE. "They've got rock-hard abs. Literally."
really? I will look for it.
Congrats to Aztec Club member for your NFL Hall of Fame induction. Thanks for all you do for your #SDSU #Aztecs Marshall!
Just booked a $145/night room for $65/night booyah!!!!
Best Friends Forever <3
This nigga still has hulk as his avi still
bro we need to hit classic up
Is it just me, or is tweeting from a phone SO much better than tweeting from a computer?
Labels? Okay, fine. I'm bisensual. Heteroflexible. And life-curious. That about covers it. ~Morgan Torva
Weather like today's makes me want to be at the pool with a snowball
I'd rather look forward to the future with u than look back on the past without you.
that's a good rebuttal... I think you are 0 - 3 :)
- Cramer Krasselt in Chicago is currently hiring a media assistant if you're looking entry level. I work at the Milwaukee office :)
Barbara is re-reading Harry Potter 6&7 over and over trying to get the latest movie out of her head - keep reading? or electroshock therapy?
Plunging into the world of iPad app design. Really wish I could have dipped my toe in first.
Hey Aml, I am having problems sending you the questions, does the email you sent still exist?
I dont think people udnerstand that what they might be funny to them... but hurtful to someone else. Smh
yes I do!!! Thanks #step&repeat
RIP #LeanneRiderVargas. A dear classmate and longtime friend. Your sense of humor always inspired me. This is a sad day. Shocking news.
I'm new to this so thank you
#safewayj4u Questions about the Safeway Save 4 u? Ask me now...they're here to answer them!
Congrats to Derek Layne (Los Angeles) who closed a Raising Cane's in Arizona this week!
you gotta have faith, faith, faith!
Late night, Budheavy and Modern Warfare 3
uh huh yip
Skinning Callout and CalloutButton <U+0412>« Jason's Flex Blog
SAME I ONLY LIKED THEM SINCE DECEMBER
I wish Super Tuesday was actually super. I bet if I cooked a steak, read some Vonnegut, and bottled a home brew it would be so.
Ah! MT : 5 weeks ago today the arbitration hearing began in NY on Ryan Braun's appeal of a positive drug test.
We go live from Aqua at 10pm
The Go Kart scene in Freaks and Geeks was filmed in my hometown.
Hi, Ariana, Please follow me, I love you so much<3
oh, amazing! Grab a pic!
Working on a bikini photo shoot all day can give a person a serious complex
ok what u want. Lol
on a scale from one to batman, how excited are you for the idol tour?!
finally caved in...
im gonna come down there and make you eat your f%#king shoe! You got them stinking up the house now!
yes it was at grettell's house . Remember the toys flying around too lol? Those kids
weirdest part.. that Clapton song is from 86. Why were they parodying a 7 year old video?
Going to help my native american afterschool :-)
#thingspeoplehavetostopdoing eating late at night
b r friend on facebook......cashville representas
The sad thing is, even if they did, it wouldn't make it any cheaper.
On this holiday of renewal, spring, & rebirth, may we imagine & create a World of Peace ~ Namaste <U+2740> Happy Easter!
Open for happy hour. New beers to try: Bell's Best Brown and Hacker-Pschorr Oktoberfest. $2 domestics and $3 Lakefronts till 8pm.
who run the world? 'Mercia
Thank you! that is Polly Tweets LOL : Oh, I love your icon so much! TY for the Tuesday love tweetie ((smiles))
De'riyah juss gave me a big ole kiss on the cheek then she pulled my hair nd she tlking shit
RT : talk: for successful community, entry barrier > topic definition > motivation
Lovin the weather
he follows me on Twitter , u ain't Shit
I hate when girls wear open toed shoes and their toes are going all crazy in every direction
preparing lesson plan 4 our Searching the Scriptures & Intercessory Prayer group
Needa find someone to go through this playlist with
All this rain <<
NOW EXIT ! RT : Dough in the TL
Don't start to end a conversation with me then get booty tickled when I don't text back.
can we get Quick on the show
Everyone was created unique and different, except Japanese people. They were created with copy and paste.
swallow balls ; nuts to ! lmfao
I almost have as many followers as you!
how's everyone doing today?!
people in school ugh
I now work for www.karmaloop.com so if u need a discount hit me up 20% off if u use my sales code the first time and 10% after.
Have live feed on mute in the office. Hope boss doesn't come in till after this shit is over! Is there only one feed for all sites?
Is Narduzzi gone? If not now, then soon right? With that, is Mike Tressel our next d-coordinator?
More Than This. Great Song. Can only imagine the video.
hahaha I laughed so hard when I read this. X)
One more test left of my junior year.
Heh... good call.
RT Leaving Twitter for a while until the Dick Clark jokes are over.
Or my legs and/or feet are on fire..
High achievement always takes place in the framework of high expectation. ~ Charles F. Kettering
plz dont send money if ur frnd asks for help via email .check if it is same person.I heard news of some emails getting hacked.
I'm in Suffolk, but I play in Nassau as well. How about you?
I don't know what's going on sumtimes.
Charlie Brown did have good days
Your tweets are showing up in my search!
I avoid trails these days. Work on core stability for help w/your knees.
Considering home school.
Just watched my son roll over for the first time... PRIDE
There were two slices of vanilla raspberry cake on the kitchen table about 15 minutes ago. Not sure if they are still there though.
welcome to the club Rob!
Mccallie 6 Charlotte Catholic 4. Fourth quarter about to start.
tru luv a lady who can make smile or laugh =)
rails round 1 was a disaster. This time it is FANTABULOUS !!!
yeah definitely
Buffets aren't as much fun now that I'm being more healthy and working out a lot. Back in the day I would really went off
Nice to take a Saturday off for first time since Thanksgiving 2009!
My son is turning into a monster <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
i'd much rather go on a date in the sunny afternoon than at night..
She should've practiced with those boots!
That was not a video.?
Alamogordo's part of the Earth had rolled away from the Sun and into the Earth's shadow, when a man, 33, tried to leave IHOP without paying.
- cool stuff!
Miss you too Sunshine! I'm getting closer. Should be there no later than August! :)
Hahah well you should, it's only for the coolest =P
what time is the music getting going tonight?
With the price of gas going up and up. There is some FREE fuel we can all get and it is simple to get and easy to use.
Looking forward to lunch & learning about James tomorrow from Come join us
I heard that if you have hairy toes you're healthy....does that mean my friend's gorilla feet are a good thing?
second day home sick, for the second time this winter - I am going to go nuts in here!! I don't sit around and do nothing very well...
of course :( girl<U+2665> you are fantastic ...... hey JB new song "Boyfriend" i love this song
This is pretty cool, worthless, but cool.
Good. I hate Toby.
It would be tight, but I could swing it!
Had a great call yesterday with ! iTriage is getting excited about !!!!
Be a better man today than you were yesterday
I ain't heard bone crusher in umteen years lol
i am seriously in love with francisco lachowski
too late hahah just kidding i'm currently sitting in tino's with shannon
exactly. Alright Jim, I'm going to relax. Nice talking to you.
Journey 2 was great with #TeamJHutch!
Wow, an east coast earthquake.
my sweet and beautiful idol has no brakes wonderful singing is the best is my inspiration is love you <U+2665> ! !
We've got a soft spot in our hearts for Samuel D. Hunter's work. So a group of Mortar folks are going to 's show Saturday!
That moment when random strangers tell you too much about their lives and you don't know how to respond
U noe he's the one wen he's in the kitchen cooking for yhu xD love yhu babee
Going on hiatus soon. M.I.A.
you fucking rock Evan, fuck the spirit snipers.
Yes. Bravo Ed Harris for being that brave!
Protesters rally outside annual Minnesota Chamber of Commerce meeting in St Paul
um...no. But having fun!
Pat Summit you are QUEEN!!!!! Long live the Queen.
Amazing Air Fresher make money now www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
BTW Ball Will Slay Hong Kong
Sweet man wish I could l stop out and see you play!
lacie gets to meet her other brother #family is complete
Always share your story.. you never know the positive difference you can make and what someone needed 2 hear 2 be inspired!!
"the only people that come here twice must not eat out much" - my dad lol
Congratulations on the promotion of Jim Benson to #CFO, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
I should never, ever start to research the concept of social graphs. Every time I do it I derail my current project.
My behavior decisions need to consider the impact on others. 1 Corinthians 8:1-13
Has anyone seen the cover of Men's Health this month? I see Zac Efron is in good health..
Happiness is God's Will.,
Sounds like fun! Have a good time.
You've got to be the worst liar ever. LOL. Nofuckingjoke. But hey. Suit yourself. There's a special place in hell for you. (:
as far as i know
Hope you feel better soon..
so glad Adele took 'em all home tonight. i have faith in the #Grammys again. well except for those couple of things... o_O
Be back later! heading off to dance.
im ready wenever you are lol
'12 #Texas #Football season tix apps will be arriving in mail this week. Orders due by May 25.
Lost my keys this morning... of course they were in the coat I looked in 4x. Husband found them on the 1st look ugg
hyoyeon is with me right now do she says hi :p
just checking it out now…give me a few minutes.
Common factors in sex assault claims: alcohol, lack of memory, victim w/ prior mental health issues
Rise and shine fucker
"The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams." My mentor-Oprah Winfrey
Kobe also has an App. It works approx. 10 out of 27 attempts.
you turned out to the best thing i never had.
Bout to hit up this Academy party
Ok I'm at the theater to see red tail and the movie is canceled !!! Cause there projector not working....oh this bull crap
Truer words have never been spoken. At least in my case. RT : "The belly rules the mind." ~Spanish Proverb
how did it go? when will you be up & moving again? :(
Box of wine. Dangerous.
She said yes now she says she meant so,ething different?? A whole year wondering & ........ Actually cant believe im sad :/ goodbye twitter
we news more pictures and updates. Everyone not in Nashville is living vicariously through you guys today. Retweet
I can't believe subway charged me 5cent to put my sandwich In a bag
There Will No White Flags & No Peace Talk!
what up my bieber lovers i got his new song uploaded on youtube (follow me and u will get all da hints)
that song is amazing<U+2665>
Who likes the song "115" by Elena Siegman that song is kick-ass!!!!! I love that song!!!!!!
#ShoutOutToTheGuysThat are doing some thing with their lives and not in the streets #twothumbsup lol
Takeaway 6 #bigomaha: Get ready to belong to what you're doing.
Just drank raw egg whites
Wow, they're some talented people out there!
heey follow back xp
hang on....I just counted...The Dells only had 4 players!!! 4 players!! Wtf
WHAT is up with JImmy, Jimmy?
Do u like or dislike Chris Jericho?
Like the DeVier Posey pick for #Texans. Andre Johnson's influence will be good for him as complementary WR.
so outta the loop.. I have no idea what's going on considering my butt's been glued to my floor for hours doi ...
no sleep, ugh. Saw having trouble 2. All that ever helped me was consistent schedule; not possible 4 u I bet.
Hey, good thanks and you? :D And not started yet, just doing lots of revision :]
I think he came frm a monkeys butt just sayin
will do! I'll text ya
wtf why does #netflix think abc familys make it or break it is a top 10 picks for me?
psh. It's gonna be amazing, I know it
I love Fizzy Family <3 follow me please?? 9
Cool - client says I forgot to book my car for the next day, I used Tripware.com & booked immediately!
104 degrees on my covered back porch
Some days I need better time management skills.
For info on coding language and CLA requirements, , , might have insight
Wow there's already a shitload of misquotes smh hate those bitches
yea me neither, but today is my last day at work so whatever.
That works great for me I can be there at 3:30. I am really looking forward to it!
To all losers who prefer to watch idol instead of vampire diaries. . . . u suck
(john connor out!)
Hey who went on my twitter and tweeted who wants to lose weight?! Now im mad!!!! :( I'm ready to kill! Hahahaha just kidding!!
I dident take a nap today because I wanted to sleep at night but that shit dident work
classic river trip
#BigEastDemands that Miami, Penn State and Notre Dame be granted full membership, retroactive to 1981.
"When God close a door even though we don't want him to, don't worry because he as a much better door open for you to walk into"
Please go watch it. It'll melt your heart. Have you seen Amelie? It's that same feeling.
Sometimes we sing because it's the best way- the only way- to express how we really feel.
So I think that should teach me how to drive his race car! lol..and I think I'd be damn good too! lol:p
thanks big guy! Right back at ya bro. Miss ya sir, and give my best to the rest of clubbie nation and the fellas please
FRI Lunch Salad Special:Baby Iceberg Wedge with Apple Smoked Bacon, Shaved Green Onion, Hard Boiled Egg & Creamy Maytag Blue Cheese Dressing
Instead of playing Words With Friends on my phone I'm playing Write a F'ing Script on my phone. Downtime reinvented.
but u never really have ur soon on the wkndz any way
I left wife two years ago last month. Life can be too short if you have one major poison....more fun to have many little ones.
just let us know the details :-)
We find ourselves in the same old mess, singin drunken lullabies!
RT : EVENT UPDATE: 'OUAB Presents E! Sensation ' has been cancelled due to medical concerns.
What a crazy weekend spent sat rocking out with #avenged sevenfold , #godsmack, 3 days grace, # seether and so many more crazy day
I HATE seeing friends down, or upset.!
I need rest!
why is that ??
#miketomlin is the man
Good morning everybody. Made it to school and sleepy af
Have a great Derby Day tomorrow, Michelle!
you're in school. wut?
IPhone 7% o.O goodnight babes <21 love you all (:
The book is 24 pages.16 full color. Thanks for your interest!
Flipping characters is one of the things GRR Martin does extremely well.
If you need to spread the word about anything, you should sign up on OneFreeAd.com and post it! It's completely free and new! :D
the key concern is an understanding regarding species interdependence and the development of symbiotic relationships.
which on are you going to park in?!
Inside all of our hearts is blood, but also Jesus!
RT If we fail to sieze small opportunities, we fail
I wish my brain would freaking turn off so I can sleep.
sometimes too many given credentials?
Hot as hell today!
If you're doing music you NEED to connect with and hit up the PenUp event in LA...I HIGHLY recommend it
Live in Windsor?? Check out the 2012 Grand Prix Show Car at the WESPY AWARDS tonight at the Caboto Club!!
We are not bloggers, we are influencers via
New for 2012, the #CitiesoftheWorld Pavilion features cities & municipalities looking to attract retail development to their communities
- since there's no #CoachellaLive steam on YouTube…yeah, it is easy to forget.
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Thursday 04/05/12 is Ian and Dan!
I can only become a good Leader if I'm committed to becoming a good follower.
Scent-sational candles and luscious fragrances. Gotta see them!
Do you remember what the media like around Ray Sherman's son death? There was def more print media at that time.
I've been writing aaaalll day.
get at me tomorrow you derrty
WATCH MISFITS! omg best show ever
Be sure to catch me in the mix tonight on ! Tune in at 2:20am for the 'clubbers commute' w my man
So feels like jet skiing right about now && seeing the lake from across the street doesn't helpp =) Ready to hit the waterr!
I CANT WAIT UNTILL #SaySomething IS ON ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY!
When you're in love you can't see all the problems in a relationship, this is why my ass won't fall in love.
I thought I was the only one who did that!
definitely not.
actually I have nothing against you&umm I'm not gonna make this a big deal cuz I don't care what you say
Thanks for meeting up today - it was awesome to catch up! Can't wait for some & collaborations!
Oof. Goodness. Getting older has some benefits.
i want to unplug my phone )'; wtf, i cant believe my phone has been syncing for almost 5 hours now !
We love our weekly deliveries! Looking forward to having you down the way at the Market!
I LOVE Jesse Tyler Ferguson, and not just because he proposed marriage to Cat Deeley.
One thing I will say -- when something goes wrong, so long as it doesn't involve water leaks there's no hurry to fix anything.
You're running out of time to get the 50% off all horn and bone jewelry we have in the shop! Or to get someone a gift certificate for Xmas!
thanks for the Ward 5 maps. You've upped the ante for my own Ward 6 (though that's less controversial)
I'll try to make it out, Are you coming to my show at JJ May 23rd???
Today's BTU inspiration: "Compassion and happiness are not a sign of weakness but a sign of strength." ~Dalai Lama
road tripping with a 4 month old will be an interesting experience. Countdown to Florida has started!
: normally read first thing in the morning. Haven't carted my bedside quad from the house since Christmas.
RT : Any Lord of the Rings fans out there? Heres the trailer for Peter Jacksons next movie The Hobbit...
The Buddha himself said we shouldn’t believe his words without question—we must discover the truth for ourselves. Tenzing Norbu
Just voted for you!
My ears are burning this morning! Remember, Atlantans, I've been here for 30 years. I got degrees like Kevin Bacon, yo. Be nice.
3 days until the Superbowl!!! Visit us at www.vancouverwahotel.com
Someone needs to start a "Where to go in DC When Your Parents Visit - Post Grad Edition" blog STAT
De-stressing by playing the #ukulele. Horribly. I'm embracing my suck-age.
Hopping the fence with a dress on is rough. Hope everyone thought my panties were as cute as I do
Finally got to see Jeremy Lin play tonight. Didn't expect to get sucked into the hype, but... seriously, watch this guy play.
Nah, I registered it with an account I never used, so I swapped. I do have an offer out on though.
instead of focusing on a growing healthcare crisis. Still remember Reagan's health care plan? Mandatory PE in school.
Looking forward to Joseph Olshan's reading from Cloudland at Wednesday night.
Good: I pulled the camper out & opened it up & no critters set up camp in there over winter. Bad: Now I can't get it all the way back down.
Nothing messes up your Friday more than realizing it's only Wednesday!!
Such a nice day outside! So glad I have work until 5....
Just back from science communication careers panel. Best question of the night: who are the best role models to watch?
Mwhahahaha who hacked your twitter now! #payback love you laine! Love your giggle box
i hope you have an amazing birthday! Save me some cake :)
Foundational values of the Chicago pub lib were importance of community, the right to know, autonomy, advocacy
Tina Fey makes everything better/okay.
He sees what I see and he knows what I know.
Joining us at 6 2nite for Narrator book launch?
I also play YES BTS but my account name was is my original my yes account. "SIMichael" it didn't realize I changed names
i had a feeling they were lying-seeing as they use their phone to check FB. I HATE when people lie to me as if I'm plain dumb
bye Twitter :( I have to go own my homework problems. love youu
I'm a follower :D<33
Princess of Mars is on Syfy. I guess I don't have to see Disney's John Carter when it comes out
anyone interested in co-owning?
is verified?! I have to admit-I am somewhat envious. Actually...quite envious.
Just lost two followers. <U+E40F>
Consider ergonomics and how people hold devices when designing apps. It matters where you place content. Good advice
LMBOOOO #MyFirstYearAtFAMU I tripped and rolled down the hill by B.L. Perry
Woot! We're glad you're coming! See you then!
sup n-word
I've been to some pretty good college basketball games but this one is my first ncaa tourney game.
ThanksGiving dinner would be amazing high
Hey loser It's too. Not to. Dork.
bro , then swallow your pride & do that . If u really want her back u will do it ...
I'm so stupid. I'm tired of waiting. I keep saying I'm done, but I know I'm really not.
Thursday is almost here; our monthly 3rd Thursday Community Mixer will be taking place at the Hilton Garden Inn Elk Grove. 5:30-7:30
This child actor is INCREDIBLE!
Please post your notes from the panel!
I will experiment with this tomorrow.
Not feverishly?! LOL
Ok I'm sorry
that moment when everyone stops laughing and all you hear is me..
no you go to sleep now >.>
I've missed at least 2 chances to see Mark Knopfler in concert. This needs to be corrected.
I also think some lexile levels are really off... Kids have fav genre, they like them, they get them... let them read em
u got a ticket
With imagination and thought, a perfect gift for Valentine's Day can easily be found at a little cost
We have gotten A LOT of positive feedback in regards to our 1st Team 10 Media Quarterly Mtg. What was your favorite part about being there?
Backed up my files. Just wiped my drive. Now reinstalling lion. I hope I didn't miss any important files!
competition, I don't see any
Chris Hardwick "Nerds make the shiny things that distract the mouth breathers."
I'll be at You?
actually agreed! But a small detail, at that. Overall, tho, I'm really impressed esp. in comparison to their former...
You never realize how lazy people actually are until you work in retail.
Aye. Guess what ? Haters makes me famous bitch. So keep hating.
Looking for someone to handle my blog, FB, twitter and newsletter. Help me market my CDs and Ascot ties..
A thought for the #NewYear via: #Skinner -- "Was putting a man on the moon actually easier than improving education in our public schools?"
I hear you, doesn't get any better than the jewel events. Have a great weekend!
Lol for a second I thought you said, "I hit that." And I was like man my memory is bad lol.
i wanna see your longest cute hair tomorrow ??
i love your covergirl commercial w/ sofia vergara!! Hilarious :-)
Extremely thankful! Haha
RT : RT : Mobile is a user state, not a device.
Guess who's got two thumbs and has been hangover-free for two years? THIS GIRL!
great burger!
I don't head back for 2 weeks. Im out west right now but will be back in Harrisburg on tuesday. I have K-12 all to myself!
These Atkin's Bars are SO good!!!
MY GRADE WENT UP IN ALGEBRA 2. WHAT. IS THIS REAL LIFE?
when is ur surgery???
Yeah.... It was said... I'm not sure what it means.
Call your Representatives today & tell them to vote against CISPA tomorrow. The vaguely defined bill gives open access to our private data
It's a game none of my friends play though, and in order for me to advance in it I need "help from neighbours" so I buy credits... :(
The top 10% have disbursed capital gains, derivatives have allowed gas prices to edge around $3.33 and y'all are happy.. smh
good afternoon to you too!! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
wouldnt miss it! well, gonna try anyway.
*bangs head on desk*
alright i'll be there can't wait to see everyone (:
U there! Yes u.... Your not cool.... Sorry
When trying on an old button up, if it's pulling your shoulders back before its over your elbows then it's time it BURNS! :(
Today at 6pm on MTPV 10, catch a preview of our annual GREAT TV AUCTION. Highlights include artwork, jewelry, vacations and much more!
Hello, Twitter! We’ve here to introduce you to the musicians of the Symphony. Look for pictures, musician spotlights, events, & more!
Long night last night, gonna send out a few emails then gotta take a nap!
man da law b tripen -on my block its da criminals verse da cops
"attack the enemy"
no maam we called and checked the lost and found.
your pics r making me laugh! Thanks!
And though our health we drank a thousand, times its time to ramble on.
I'll be right there with plenty of lotion.
Riding my bike to work continues to pay amazing dividends. Best ROI I've ever realized, I think.
#Beyonce5thAlbumTitles "Life After Birth"
no imma bigger kobe fan then anyone u prolly know! But I'm a basketball fan. & he be bullshittin a lot
#NW.. Black Swan
Music sometimes makes me feel better when im not in the mood for anything. Lol
FML... I just want a relationship that will last. Someone who won't turn around and hurt me... Like come on... FUCK MY LIFE! GOD DAMNIT.
"The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot." Michael Altshuler
Unless a man undertakes more than he possibly can do, he will never do all that he can.
Mosaic - Des Peres is OPEN, stop by have some tapas and cocktails and see this awesome space!!!
I would love to set up a photoshoot with you when I get to Cali later this year.
I know a few bug a boos
We have a tennis challenge for you this summer. Let us know if your interested and "Got Next"
": we have this kind of friendship in which i call you b**ch and you call me slut and we are still best friends"
I miss u more..im drinking white wine and got kinda emotional..u just reminded me of our night at dominos! haha xox
Just got to Noche Caliente for da last hour!!
Thanks for the RT!
Hey Doug, thanks for the RT.
Love!!! RT : #teampablove runner Lauren (and former intern) just finished the !! congrats!
Why did you two break up before?
Thanks for the feedback. We'll pass it along to the workshops team.
Thanks for the S/O Stephanie & Dustin! R U all going to Legends game?
DC: Tonite 4-7 pm, @ Love Nightclub (1350 Okie Street NE). Vince Gray Volunteers; celebrate all that we've accomplished. See you there!
Haha... really? till your ovaries explode? you make me crack up!
hm, still trying to make up my mind. Actually, I like the sound of that. "Still trying to make up my mind" yup
: whooped from all the fresh air today;)
We have a shot like that in Chicago it's a goal no doubt, bc we know Johnson can't stop a skipper.
“: I saw you!! I want your autograph.” // me too! You're famous now! :-D
Pearls of wisdom. "Calling me sir is like putting an elevator in an outhouse. It don't belong. " Emmett, "Road House"
The Rain >>
Pissed at Jets loss to Tebow now have to have lunch with former Cowboy Bill Bates today who also coached Tebow in High School
The original Hieber's Pharmacy was opened in the Strip District by Albert and Ben Hieber in the 1860's! Still serving Pittsburgh with pride!
hit me up gotta tell you a lil sum sum Lol
I'm about half an inch away from no longer going downtown in the eves... Mostly cuz I've moved that far in 10.
Feelin particularly pretty today :)
Another night of deep thoughts
Going to the hotel staying up all night lol.
Twisting tonight at The Showcase Cinemas Dedham. Ma. from 5-7 pm for "Happy Feet 2" In the Lobby! Making Penguin Balloons!
What they Gone say when i tellem ALL I GOTTA SAY IS
Acoustic version > live version > album version
I wonder if people look at me, and think “I wish I was that pretty,” because that’s what I think when I look at everyone else.
A peaceful lunch finally :)
I bet you $10 that you can't look at a picture of the Dancing with the Stars cast and name more than 2 of the "stars" without a caption.
RT : We salute the YMCA of Metropolitan Milwaukee on its successful 15th Annual Dr. Martin Luther King, jr. breakfast....
wooohoo! What kinda car?
diamond bits, tell them you need a bit for ceramic tile. It's the same bit, they're like 10-15 bucks.
Nope on favorites
Thanks for the follow. We would love to tell you how OC Moms are using Nextdoor. If interested email :)
. The Kirsh family says hi. Hope you and Mitch are doing well. Have a great day. Joel kirsh
I wonder what will happen to 's decades of congressional docs after he retires.
Me and Nick Cannon down by the school yard....playing tether ball.
Wish I could be a the GALA Stu. I'll be thinking about you from Boston on that night :) Have a great one!
You've turned into a pretty big waste of my Time
Dudes called their thing Transverse Temporal Gyrus. Stay you, Animal Collective.
EPUB titles should work perfectly, again I apologize, but you may need to contact
I'm getting tired of diss, sum finna channgee now!
I would think Cyborg is more accurate
"Human Centipede is my new Caligula"
Let her eat cake! ": I just want cake."
Never heard of you dudes. Cool music.
Me too. There's not a damn thing to do.
what was ettttt
ok thanks
Watching sitcoms and romantic comedies while trying to write my own. Unfortunately, it is just making me feel all sappy and stupid...
The definition of being stupid: seeing the truth, knowing the truth, and choosing to still believe the lies...
Going to watch Phoenix Coyotes beat Calgary Flames. Go Coyotes!!!
Oh my god that little bastard is adorable. -JO
Jimmy's shin guard makes him looks like a Storm Ship Trooper.
He is my favorite person in the world. -___-
Looks like maybe #stjbb (somewhat) still in?? // RT What bout st johns nd UCONN... What u think bout them... Good looks too
Awesome! Will do. Thank you :)
I'm A Lil Timid.
And now they're talking about the East German men's gymnastics team... didn't catch the relation but am perversely intrigued.
For health and the constant enjoyment of life, give me a keen and ever-present sense of humor it is the next best thing to an ab
The elections at my school were not that bad.
that is so weird because you are in my stream and it shows I am following you.
Ansira is looking for an Insight Director 2 manage the analysis of our digital campaigns, let me know if you're interested
Thanks to all who retweeted about the new Neal Morse and Transatlantic releases. "When you support the music you love, you never lose it!"
Proud/Happy for my nephew there's nothing like wanting something for a longtime then finally getting it!!
Our friends now have an ice cream truck in NY! Follow for truck locations so you can get your ice cream fix!
Dolphins struggling to sell season tickets - National Football Post
Going to journalism banquet tonight. If it's anything like last year, room will be loaded with pretty, pretty TV people. Nice hair.
I did
Peffer says the dissolution of UCAN is "heartbreaking." He believes in what UCAN works to accomplish.
Ricky Henderson had 130 steals in 1982? Holy crap!
where's this?
Look at that fresh profile pic. Lookin' good!
On my way to the Lone Ranger Ultra Marathon in Philly
who do I need to tweet at to get the WTLX webstream turned on?
school starts tomorrow, dammit.
it's google I have a prob w/ in MFF. Flash causes my IE7 at work to crash. Thanks though, I'm def going to update.
I know I said this on FB...but BEAUTIFUL pic!!!! :)
We accept the love we think we desire.
We are now officially a 5-man band. \m/
Late to school... Shocker
just stfu. all you want is attention.
You're too kind sir! RT Definite top shelf comedy coming out of the PIT. Would have stuck around to chat but it was getting late
you and your brother come to video shoot featuring Shawty Lo on Monday May 7 DM me..thanks
emma and i are 'working'.
I'm uploading it to, ugh, Myspace. I'll link as soon as they process it. I'll send you the album, I want you guys to have it.
It was fun driving all the way home burnt to a crisp and pissed off for 4 hours that the Yotes lost again.
listening to a webinar on blended learning.
pfffft. You can do it :P.
haha well then i look foward to it #gunnabelive (:
My #tweet cloud for contains the words: great, happy, live, love, read and social. A little too positive?
I'd have to go with the I Ching.
What? We have twins and suddenly I'm expected to give up my bar time to watch the little rug rats? No fair!
I picked that song mostly for the title. She studied with Nobel Laureate Derek Wolcott in grad school. unrelated to the song.
says #google doodles coming to mobile. With this & docs, seems like they are bringing whole experiece 2 mobile
I was signed by a hollywood agent yesterday and today the sleeves got rolled up and its game on stay tuned its getting better
New method on filling out my bracket this year. Doing it on April 5th.
I swaer looking through my instagram makes my day
:-) how are your "ugh's" coming along?
Me too.
put your mind to it and you'll accomplish anything
whats the lastest new on twitter????
"NBA suspends World Peace 7 games for elbow" ... I think this was the real reason he changed his name.
why you hate me, you hate me ‘cause i’m doing what i’m supposed to and i’m making more money than you
father time mite be counting down never had one longer than a month 2-3-12
Got my standing back handspring <U+E41D>
thanks Kathy! Xoxo
Teaching & Learning with Digital Mindfulness 4 third grd parents. Looking forward to questions from parents.
this movie is really stupid
MY SCHOOL FINISHES THAT WEEKEND SO I WILL NEED ALL OF THE DRINKS ANYWAY. Bring it on, baby!
we are fighting! fighting to keep the $100K beneftis and salary packages we are entitled to from taxpayers!
October Is LGBT History Month!.....Thanks
"Siri tell she's stupid" ...."Now calling Joe Bates"
Good morning Papa Dios. Could really use a boost of energy.
thry are trying to be cool. what a shame
Happy birthday,
Parent: What did you learn today? Student: Apparently not enough! We have to go back tomorrow!
The last time you were looking for something to buy online did you go to craigslist.org?
No way Palmiero's mustache is better than Eddie Murray's
fair enough. Good luck at the ultrasound appointment anyway. Hope you get good news.
Musical trivia night
first time at ? That's pretty special. Enjoy!
Some times I forget how silly life really is
2chainz that nikka": Shout out to the new 2chainz fans "
I want a girlfriend dog.
Oh, just reading and feeling like an underachiever. I should stick to reading the National Enquirer and feeling awesome.
must end capitalism. Must stop propagating post-racial fantasy. Must stop being a corporate shill.
Oh hay there Florida panthers
RT how can I acquire UX design experience on my own? - Ask a local nonprofit to work on their website. Help each other out
Supersonic Acrobatic Rocket-Powered Battle-Cars. Its a sports AND racing game, right up your alley
You know it jimmystanch has entered
Poli-sci prof to class "Why do we have parties??" then he said "I mean *political* parties. I know why we have the other one" haha
Watching hardcore pawn. This shits hilarious.
Tonight Tongue & Groove + #Mental Dope mixtape release = EPIC make ur cameo appearance Tonight in this Movie
Get a clay #wash & #detail after rain to avoid #paint damage! Call for our daily specials (619) 928-4848 #sandiego #sd #auto #car #mobile :)
An event at 11am called debate by and campaign event by ... silly season in full bloom
bahahahah we need a reunion.
Inspiration:Stimulation of the mind or emotions to a high level of feeling or activity. BE inspired today!! www.befit-chicago.com
awww thanks... is going DOWN tomorrow... Im excited ... cant wait to see you !
I'd probably be doing homework now but I'm on twitter.
Bk ta sleep I go
Are you at Whistler's Peacock Room ?
look like u gone have to aint nun i can do
Schools, despite our constraints, do have the flexibility to reward and recognize teachers better than we are doing it now.
people are DELUSIONAL
But for most people, the place they were raised. It has to have cultural associations for you.
- haha. My middle name is: It.
Yeah... this: RT : Did I just see a tumbleweed go by? Longest Viral Video w/most views? Really?
Can't understand anyone in texas
i commend you on your limited-resources treat pick, mama.
RT : #CanIBeHonestWithYou I don't think i'll ever get over you.. i'm in love with you and always will be.
Lmfao when u feel like it
free #GoDC t-shirt to person who answers the question we're posting shortly ... stay tuned!
Thanks for the RT, Lorna! I hope you try out ' beta. Happy day to you both :-)
Most people are as happy as they make up their minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln
The guys in the front row with the ref shirts were at
Singin songs about Texas with
you can't drink and drive!
downtime is important even when you love what u do. too much is too much- to be the master of the obvious ;)
You're welcome! We'll look forward to seeing you again.
I'm real.ly tired of adverbly startups. Your noun is not an adverb and it sounds stupid and tired.
RT : ahahah WAIT. Obama is at CU BOULDER TODAY...it's 4/20. i die.
Waiting 45 min to get a haircut.. Where is Steven Hinezman!!!
I love you let's have babies
Sometimes the things that give me strength are the ones that make me weak -.-
#PaperGang in this bitch
": Hello who some original down south like beats? I need some ASAP"ck out he might hv something for u
Idk no niggas that do it RT : Self explanatory RT : What for? RT SBGriffin: Looking at skydiving prices
What part of "I don't like you" don't you understand?
Our school, too. Wins Stupid Rule Award of the year. RT : So you can't play tag at school anymore? So says my 8 year old.
I feel you. I've loved that show for almost 4 years now.
Have fun baby girl!!
Easy to turn down a chick it's like my collar...
It's hard, cause when a 19 month old says Marshmallow, you almost cry.
Somehow i ended up watching 3/5 twilight's today -_-
yea I know .. That's just my way of saying hi!!!
If a bartender asks if you want to do a shot with him, is he flirting? If I say yes, am I?
all kinds of natuurliiiik is so lekker!
very very country.
Im back bitches
; it's okay. && when you are done i'd like to read it, if you don't care. :)
Anything's possible if you open your mind!!
shiiiited on em! Might as well call em all out while your at it!
Time to get back on track.. TEX A&M OVER
RT : Resorts & condos: New ADA Pool Lift rules in effect March 15. Don't comply & it's a $60K fine. Avoid it with our help....
on my mind: the "decline of the newspaper industry"... when did journalism begin it's downward slide? computers are the easy out.
Taking it real slow right now . Going to LA in a few weeks .
:) sweet, thanks beautiful
Where are the tour pods??? NEEDS MORE STEVE-DAVE!!
Multi-tasking tonight! Social media webinar while doing cardio.
RT Shout out to a great team! great work!!!! So proud! <--We IN it!
Confirmed! Tonight's hashtag for the BMA event is definitely #bmaedge. See you there at 5:30 for what should be an amazing evening!
Thanks for following Brooke! I hope you enjoy my tweets.
that shits annoying. i traded laptops & lost 2500 songs & I'm having trouble getting most back. lol
Good morning tweeters!! Make it a great day!
Not really..
opens this weekend. check them out!
I thought about doing some more peer things...I KNOW! I seem to be losing my touch?! Parents think its ENTIRELY my job these days
Who brought winter to Houston? Brrrrr
yupp, i'm forsure bi-polar
Wow. That's pretty fascinating.
Our first commercial is done! We will be uploading it and launching our website in a few days!
I love piglets<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7>
guess who just ordered a #SALTY shirt?!?! ME! haha thank you very much easter bunny haha :)
LOL, that happens to me every day in this stupid building that has the pull bars on both sides of the door.
oh my god yes.
be sure to check out the GEB reading group happening on reddit - reddit.com/r/geb
Rick Carlisle signs new deal to coach Dallas Mavericks Rick Carlisle has signed a new contract with the Mavericks that will keep h
NYC Coffee & Tea Festival, worth the trip from San Jose, CA! Enjoyed Yoon Hee Kim, Chef Melody and Tavalon's Chris Cason classes today.
I highly highly recommend you pick up new album. It's one of my favorite records of 2012 and I am positive U will agree!
The people who r the govt are like the idiots who see me on a great run & who get n my way everytime i turn 2legally avoid them w/my talents
DM me next time!
Nice penetration from Ramón Sessions
sup? Still have chance for a iCarly theater film you know..:) got to get to help out
With signing of Young, should I drop Jordan Crawford for Jordan Hill or should I wait to see if JC can keep the starting gig?
Got my exercise 4 the night. Heard a car alarm go off in front of the house, then remembered (after I got 2 the door) the car's in the back.
Good timing on the hot sauce photog. I was literally about to walk over and take a shot of that. Touche.
Sweet! See you at the fest on June 2! :) RT : - got it on my calendar!
What! is off to South Beach w/a fresh bottle of Chardonnay. Food Network W&FFs R amazing! ahh memories of the 1st in NY
#WeWontWorkoutIf you're not as weird as I am .
Still time to join our noon tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). Sign up until 1:40 pm, late registrants start with 10,000 chips.
Hi Martha, I'm brand new at tweeting, and am trying to reach attorneys about this legal chess set- any advice???
RT "Mom, mom, mom, mommy, mommy, mommy, mother, mother, mother, louis, louis, louis, mama, mama, mama" "WHAT!?!" "Hi" hehe :D
If I was a boy I'd treat girls with respect...
Thank you Forte and thank you Barber! And of course Jay Cutler the qb that made it happen! Lovin' my bears right now!
i want to dye my hair!!!... what color???
Conner Prairie's Civil War Journey takes participatory, intergenerational learning to the next level. Opens June 4.
OMG this episode of #personofinterest sounds way too familiar!!!! "Do you know how much I've done for you?"
Senior Software Developer-Bellevue
just reply all to every email you send.
NOTHING BETTER THAN A MARIACHI SHOW BABY, LAS ALTENAS ROCK, CAN'T WAIT, C'MON 4 O' CLOCK!!!!
Going to a cookout! I can't wait! I'm starving! (:
You could play college next year and be as good as the other freshman, lol.
Never Say Never! > your life
#ComicConEpisodeIVAFansHope sitting next to the biggest geek in the room, James Faust.
All these small ass little walking around by themselves , :o smh
nothing crazy, just kind of sick lol
Random Chode: Hey dude! Wanna come join us for a fun soccer match? Me: Is this America? Cause I thought this was America.
martial arts/self defense/street fighting
Baseball scrimage tomorrow!!
That's the sort of season we're in for. MT : #Marlins up 6-2. Padres were up 2-0. Sweep by the Fish would drop Padres to 9-20.
all of them the whole franchise!!
When you wait for that one special person to text back , it feels like ages before you get a reply ...
I'll now be locating you on all social networking sites. Prepare for an onslaught of poop jokes and stories of awkward encounters.
Watching "NickSwardson : Seriously , Who Farted ?" It's funny as hell !! I <3 you Nick !! ;D
Because all those people with sores and lesions and weakened immune systems are all faking it. D: (I hate deniers.)
I'll kick it off with my #1 favorite, especially for boys - GUINNESS BOOK OF WORLD RECORDS!!
Critiquing the head shots of audience members really brings home the way the body becomes a site of spectacle.
is nice to see that through all of this stuff going on, that youre still writting, you're way to good to stop xx
Oh #Twitter how quickly you facilitate the aestheticization of the life and politics.
8th seed......are you kidding me selection committee?!
dude! You are alive! Sup with deleting your you tube vids? You were my hero when I started. LOL
is in love with the 3br double on East Long Street, calling to schedule a showing first thing tomorrow!!!
Spot on! : Paul Simon said: "You can run out your rules but you know you can't outrun the history train"
#SwampPeople oh yeah
Merry xmas from WILSON'S HOT TAMALES FAMILY
dont you feel accomplished? Seriously leave 1D alone they never did anything to you so STFU
Well gonna start getting ready for dance practice
Man, at this point they should just turn 16 & Pregnant to "6 & Pregnant"!
Opening Day. Yep, the best time of the year is officially here.
I wish I could have waited until April Fools, but it would have been too obvious by then...I'm pregnant.
Like the page ! Justin Bieber, why are you so hot? !
lol clearly I can't outwit Catherine.
I am going to find ur ass monday and beat your ass forreal this time.and you can tell your body gaurd carlos if justs in too ima beat hisass
yes..got to stay inside tonight! Special treat;)
American Idol tonight.... Still ain't the same without
Sec of State Kurt Browning - #vivaflorida500 is a grassroots initiative. Dr. Francis - #vivaflorida500 amazing opportunity for scholarship
My pleasure Bob! Look forward to your tweets!
let's just say, I miss GT on a daily basis.
your pic is simply stunning...simply you :) WHEN are you chasing your crazy dog around the yard again?
Dinner would have been nothing w/out the awesome brews to back it up!
Its going down a j durham
why the fuck is your name suke lansfield & ants havin another one this wknd in morrell
Need help with the new Timeline for your business? I can help! Contact me for more information!
good for u. It will be Xmas before you know it
I want to be Lana Del Rey.
We're glad you came! RT : Went to Otis's student reception. I cant believe my dream is coming true!
alrighty. hold on
it's crazy watching reruns & thinking how much you've all been through, always been amazing ABDC6
I heard dat shit sold out doe so I betta be gettin back stage passes haha
haha you make me laugh! I love your tweets (: hope you have a good night as well <3
who wants more followers??? RETWEET this and il give u a shoutout :D
do you have Instapaper? I'm not a fan of how it does pagination. Wish it just cloned flipboard's mechanic.
"The Green Economy & Its Implementation in China" now 10% off w/code HKBFEPP2011. Only til Aug31 at www.enrichprofessional.com
Boom! Flights booked, cant wait to be back on the grind, sup Costa??
Cloverfields on, :D
DE fans think Julie ships SE, and SE fans think she ships DE. Lmao
On another note - I've never been so excited for a new month to begin. Dear January 2012, you were great.
Anyone going to today's game?
Now we are under new management, and have opened our doors a second time.
Tracked a cover for yesterday at It's sounding real purrtyy.
Cats Shouldn't Even Eat Cheeseburgers - Rage Comics
Follow me for biggest stories on police brutality.
oh good i would never call you a whore! i promise!
A feast of intellectual ideas. Listening to Leonhardt and Romer analyze the US economy
Trying to do a story on winter cycling and don't have anyone to talk to? Email and she will hook you up with an interview
During physical, doctor accidentally tickled me. I laughed. It was awkward. Then he touched my crotch. So that's my day so far.
Looking handsome in that bowtie there Nick!!! Love You <3 Can't wait to see you and the rest of the Boyz on ABDC again
PickUpLine: I'm invisible. (Really?) Can you see me? (Yes) How about tomorrow night?
Hanging - psyched to hear about the value of the
as always, thanks for the RT!
You're slutty & you blow it.
I think authoring a book is a necessity for anyone who wants to position themselves as an expert in their field.
I thought that if you were going to make shit music and be successful, you had to at least be hot. Skrillex proves that's evidently false.
Happy National Siblings Day!!! Love you! :)
is the BEST, just look at him!!!!!
Really? The dictator is going to be terrible.
Check out Lucas Pino's 9-piece band, featuring Juilliard Jazz students and alumni @ Local 269 on Wednesday Sept. 20th, 10pm & 11pm!!
it is also a hipster beer now. But yes hipsters are culture borrowers and took it from rednecks
Haha Bud Light Platinum
I feel good too!!
You may wanna keep your guy away from live mics. You can't even handle the ball in warmups.
yehp thts why u love me :p
So much for rep'ing the sports "nation" RT "How many minutes of Kansas v Kentucky did I watch. ZERO. I couldn't care less!"
Twitter showing me some <U+2764>
This will happen to you for the rest of your life...get used to it!!
A local teen is raising awareness about teen violence and singing in a national competition. You can help her win! !
I don't wish I know. #cards football will be awesome next year
fuck you fortune cookies!!!!
: though i think the impostor syndrome is widely experienced by passionate teachers.
Just yesterday said "it doesn't feel like winter" and today it's snowing for my hour commute. Must learn when to shut the hell up.
I gotta watch. Your wardrobe inspires me!
fosho, dude sound guilty tho and slow slow
new plan! Tan while doing hw outside!:)
hey thanks for the follow :) have you checked out our facebook yet!?
you should hire he's a urban marketing guru. Dude has 1500 followers off his name alone & WITHOUT even trying!
no problem enjoy your weekend !
Why is it after the breakup, the ex seems to be nicer than when you were with them?
": It was a great event! Keep in touch!" Will do, looking forward to more. Best of luck to you and your team!
#Pittsburgh Tonight! Join HCEF for "An #Education: True Stories of Unusual Lessons Learned" at the Cabaret at Theatre square downtown.
why am i still up -__-
Happy Thanksgiving!
So I know what I'm doing for your bday. And tell your mom happy mothers day from me. Love you guys!
it's bloody cold today!! Jeez what happened to the sunshine?
someone just unfollowed me...so I'm back down to 99 :( let's make it 100 again? I wanna give away a free shirt!
Funny to see tweet velocity wane when someone lands a project and then goes BAM when they're looking for another one...
Twitter is the most fascinating thing. I'm really looking forward to this analysis.
convicted by ur spirit and by ur word
RT : What advice would you give to novice planners?
Maybe this is just me but I hate that March Madness ends in April..
oh the stories it could tell.
Ack! Janet Jackson's Escapade was the last song I heard when leaving the gym. Save me, Nina Simone!
I love that eye to eye connect where u feel it all over. Phew!
hoooah! You're gonna get wet. :)
": that nigga look like mr t"I didn know they still had them around
we need a hint :)
right? Someone else tweeted me abt eating some right now and I want more, ha!
WTF is the point of XPS?
Do you watch Rachel Ray
. And I try to be careful in this regard too. I do realize the Big Red Dog needs fed. But. . .
Second, you might not be so dismissive if you had heard piece we heard today.
Got some quality work done with and
#WisACCA update: best session-Negotiating Indemnification Clauses; most entertaining-Knowing How Far to Go Celebrating Your Teams Success
I apologize for all the Federer retweets, but he's my idol
RT : I'll be tweeting at the SEO in Social Media event tonight
Thanks to for the #followfriday love! Looking for sponsors and recruiting engaging speakers now! @ me if you want to speak!
Feels Lonely Not Texting Anybody >.<
Welcome new friends, thank you!
A real man doesn't love a million girls, he loves one girl in a million ways<3
Thanks Amy!
Everyone go out and see my good friend at Claddah tonight, Polaris.
thank you!
Ick get this outta here
boy this has been an intense week, feels like more than only Wednesday
Life to short to be stressing about anything, live like there's no tomorrow! No telling when the man upstairs calling you home..
The awkward moment when a little kid asks you to open something for them and you can't. -_-
Favorite food?? #1614 :)
How do you love God and you did what you did and do what you do
The awkward moment when u see a cute baby & u don't know whether its a girl or a boy...
I can't wrap my mind around how Hellen Kellar gave speeches lol
#electwomen if majority of American women gave $5, it wld put candidate in every Hse race and give her $1 mil. So give
Let Afghan deal with him!!!
Rohrbachs now has a FULL grain silo and 3 new fermenters that are waiting to be installed! Excited to be able to make more beer than ever!
i say i go back to vacation....
you're married...he owes US a beer now
A designer we've always admired is ! Make sure you follow her and check out her Facebook for design inspirations of your own!
Sarah, you are beautiful. Please follow me back..and tweet me?(: #StayingStrong <3
i want all my old friends from alst year back
Have not yet been successful in setting up my new blackberry phone with twitter....
life is good!Good morn
Obama's personal history still doesn't matter to MSM in 2012, as in 2008, but Romney's does. Seems MSM has & hasn't evolved!
Wonder if she miss it jus as much as I du
when your sister thinks your really gonna kill me.. lol
I bet justins dick is centimeters not inches haha ;)
"This is my command—be strong & courageous! Don't be afraid or discouraged. For the LORD your God is with you wherever you go.” - Joshua 1:9
What is "GTD". I'll tune in just to hear you say Brian's last name. I always liked that.
. I thought I'd hate the movie, but it was actually pretty good. Eye candy was a nice bonus.
If I am working with the bitch today I SWEAR TO GOD some one is gonna get their ass kicked >.<
All I want for Christmas is a gold chain.
The #Atlanta #Hawks just DON'T THINK the game of basketball. smh.
r u saying that you think duke or unlv still have a shot at him? UK is the best business move. Lol
Why can everyone else say what they want and what they feel but the moment I do people make a huge deal about it like wtf -_-
having second thoughts about racing .
Beans & Rice typa girl is what I need
Did you happen to get it on film?
On my way to Lowell MA to perform at Dr Gertrude Bailey School ! (:
balanced picture of the central city? what does that look like?
Barrera: "It's time to get serious about solving our budget crisis and not in this way"
The secret source of humor itself is not joy but sorrow
I will post the link to my music shortly.
first day of work in the office, except it's not an office. It's a space aged art studio loft. SO COOL. AND I CAN SEE NATURAL LIGHT
I do kinda wish I was back home jus so I can hear Mikalya squeaky voice say its gon be ok DeVann
Love is never going to be 100% logical, so if you only know how to approach life with logic, you'll never know how to love someone.
We had a great time at the show! Thanks so much to everyone who stopped by our booth....now back to The Burgh!
oops...for
Catch & Release: reminds retiring leaders not to overreach the 40something generation of folklorists when retiring
Its an Audrey Hepburn BREAKFAST IN TIFFANYS & Martini kind of night.
Ima be late if I dont get out of bed now !!
She had a kid Vin!
The gift card bonus continues in 2011!
yeah and nopee
Cayla.... Guess What?
haha which is exactly why I am applying everywhere but here :)
i love you :D
what about them doing a concert here ? o.o
Its been a really long time since I've had such a long social media rant.
"Done is better than perfect"
And yes, I meant sock.
story is about travel screening, Not meant to point out specific company. Apologies if it came across that way.
Those EYES!!! :D
See? It's all perfectly normal.
Love to...where will I find it
If you have a policy of only doing your original work, i certainly do understand & respect your position; just say yes/no
Had me fucked up from GO!
Looking like I will not be seeing an NBA championship parade in Dallas this summer…
Jim Rohn ~ Time is more valuable than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.
RT Having a good memory doesn't make you petty. // Exactly.
#ipad - The level of portable computing that I want/need.
RT : #packernation. Time to support. DONALD AND PETA.. get to voting
Lmfao , What was he sleeping naked for ?
Taking Tuesday off is like taking Saturday off, only I'm the only one at home!
by the way what's ur p.o. box? I'm going to send u something soon :^)
watching Yu-Gi-Oh! and no i dont have the cards but i have played before
Training five creative (art) directors today. Will they accept language as their medium for a few hours?
Amy almost took a stage dive.
Well done, Well done.
Peacock colors of emerald green, royal purple, and deep sapphire; silks layered with satin, glitzy lame, and lace-delicious! A visual feast!
Experts Agree! Our rhetoric is better than our policies! Congrats to the propagandists among us!
#SchoolMemories learning a new way to cheat everyday
HARVARD SQ: our flavors are Salted Caramel and Strawberry Shortcake!
i love your songs. they really inspire me<#
Read more on Cleckner at pennlive.com
Good to see you too! I think heading back was a smart move.
So I'm sitting on the N train next 2 this Gianni Italiano dude and he pulls out his electric razor and proceeds to shave right there! LMAO!
Nevadans have been betting on sports online for many years thru Stations. It's crazy how far away from doing the same w/ poker we still are.
Damn I didnt keep ANY of my old work from this year hahahah
can u sent me link with implants description?
awesome! we're stoked we're in the outer sunset too.
Shaping up to be a great event. Kelly is doing a fantastic job organizing - can't imagine how difficult it is .
In celebration of Follow Friday #FF, we suggest following and
Aight I'm going to bed ...
Rush Limbaugh talking about foreigners visiting US hospitals, universities, and theme parks - you know, stuff Americans can't afford.
Pretty sure I'm seeing God right now. Oh wait it's EMA.
open a support ticket?
Best line from customers today...."Firefly Cupcakes-often immitated...NEVER duplicated! " Thanks WE LOVE that!
I want to watch REC but I can't handle it being in Spanish. Even the trailer has Spanish music and I am ready to kill myself
Pathos with a punch
Wondering why it is so hard for people to be nice. Although, I pray I NEVER understand it!!!
Pure Waste Of A Saturday!
I can custom order that for you...hang it up next to one of your Olly Moss joints!
I was working on a screenplay starring J-Lo and Cameron Diaz that would have relied heavily on their imrpov skills. I just set it on fire.
That would really balance the east out. Or Bron to the Bulls. RT Stoudmire and Lebron! With the Knicks!
I just hate city so much. Like I woulda rather anyone else but city win.
Thanks for sharing Jeff!
#Tune in, and go with the
Driving the wife's Merc today. I am so missing my
as soon as i'd get up there the electricity would come back on
What can we saw, we love ya Tech, can't get enough of your ill rhymes and your mind blowing metaphors
oh I will
100% I'm buying a hot pink driver
Oh my God. That shot was incredible.
Heading to San Jose with tomorrow for our first shoot in sunny #California. Just a day trip, so no swim suits being packed this time.
Capps: As easy as 1, gulp, 2, gulp, 3.
I can't wait to see in Knoxville next month. #soexcited #TNboy #cutie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
I could lay in my bed and watch Friends for the rest of my life
I'm amazed they found a team that wanted Quintero and Bourgeois.
#incollege "Class is cancelled for today" Wow, that was a waste of gas !! -_-
With the cop that looks like Channing Tatum!(:
MUSIC & MOVIES
Very excited! Just got tix for the first night of 's Riddled at on 6/1.
Give us any rule, we'll break it.
patron: "do you have any other books by this author?" (Author is Jodi Picoult). Me internally: "no. go read some Austen."
our days are twins. except swap golf for basketball.
Due to this cleanse my weekend will be dedicated to GTLinggggg
Some people have a way about them that seems to say: If I have only one life to live, let me live it as a jerk.
Happy Holi day to all my friends
Time to go to the lab, write the introduction to my diss, and finish watching Elite Squad 2. All in a day's work.
blistered feet, freckled face, tired eyes, & a happy heart.
You lost by 600 votes? That's a tragedy. Good luck with the votes this time.
I no that right
Heading to wash some clothes...actually wanna sleep a lil longer...
#NP "Why Am I So Sprung"
Nothing like a good bowl of applejacks to start the morning.
Why do I do these plays again??
Is it 3 pm yet?
I never get off Sunday
Returning to the set today to film a big scene! For all of us this is our last day of filming. Day 32 of 32.
In a writting mood.
really? Such a thing really exist?! Where????
he just legit asked me if I was a vampire....wtf??
Retweet if you'll support Austin until the very end!! <3
Congratulations to LaMont J. for his first performance as a solo artists! We are so proud of you
Gorgeous day in Carrboro, just saw a lovely little set by Stu from Allie met him (shyly) and she's so happy.
Hunger = higher rates of disease = reduced work & school attendance = reduced ability to overcome hunger
I'm writing an essay about that bullshit. -.-
when your texting and your phone sends it before your done #crap berry
it's totally worth figuring out a way to walk around that thing.
Congrats to and the rest of the St. Mary's Cardinals!
If you have a child, cussing every other word is probably not smart
R.I.P. Aaliyah
that's a lie I just left not said peace
I just wanna wear fricken shorts
If you'd be interested in my moderately conservative views, esp on int'l affairs, Israel & Mideast, please follow
I need a Ham radio! #touch. I hope they stop that doctor!
happy to hear it =) cappuccinos when things calm down?
RT : #MothersDay has been celebrated on the 2nd Sunday in May since 1914
Dontari Poe is the second player from Memphis that the Chiefs have drafted in the 1st round. The other was Jerome Woods in '96
Awww thanks guys! :)
Can't wait for #Shameless and #TheWalkingDead tonight!
Carson City and Harrisburg!
Nailed it : )
Me too // RT Jesus Christ. I have more pocket knives than pairs of heels.
I thought I was the spice of your life. Or Rosie.
I spent $100 last night, and all i have to show for it is a hangover...
Cue all the morons on the planet. "Baseball is slow & boring". Idjuts. RT : “: How could anyone not love this game?”
my bad sorry
RT : 18 years ago today grunge legend Kurt Cobain died. Learn more at 's Nirvava: Taking Punk to the Masses
Watch Gary Mayoral-Elect Karen Freeman at Noon on Perspective
Birds of a feather do all sorts of things together.
Looking forward to Portland Business Journal Growth Expo next week.
it's so weird watching #howimetyourmother knowing that neil patrick harris is
Nothing brings out some guys' sudden interest in "women's rights" and safety quite the way prostitution and sex work do, huh amazing
For their 100th Annv. Girl Scouts reveal a new cookie, 'Savannah Smiles'... it looks like a powdered lemon cookie... Samoas are still my fav
yes. but new and old avenues both. a story is a story. a voice a voice. a grandchild's love surpasses technology and just uses it.
I just might have thrown another dress into the #guestofawedding #styledilemma mix. What to do?
The avengers. Like everyone else in America tonight.
Voice of the Poor Month-“I am a senior citizen living on social security income, medicare and $17 worth of Food stamps per month.“
I am Gayle, in the Comm office at SVA. I met with Grace a few weeks ago and need to talk to her about a press request.
Sigh...I know, right?
thanks for following. following you back. hopefully will get me into dc groove. lol
it's a talent i can already do ;) i think it's a trait i earned from my father. lol.
shade of red changed, icons changed, some other tweaks
Thank you for joining Twitter! I look forward to your personal tweets! p.s. Dignity and class - you make our country proud
Geesh its raining hard!!
Worst 3 hours of my life.
So people can marry their cousins but not people of the same gender...?
I watch all of the House Hunters shows...it amazes me the people who look for 2nd homes or vacation homes with an $800,000 budget!!
“Income tax has made more liars out of the American people than golf.” — Will Rogers...Learn more about your tax options www.1040easyonlline
Canoeing Victorious Oliver earns promotion
Tacos Bell sounds so good!
We have four units up for auction tomorrow at 11am! Call us at 757-426-3212 for details.
What about #400?
wudz up wit u
shiatttt cars gonna be quick so hell yeahh some real time flossing
Let's all not forget what happened in Columbine 13 years ago today. Live life to the fullest and remember those taken away that day.
Ugh, Facebook is so D2M. I need a loyal Pretty Committee; is that too much to ask? Gawd, they're all LBRs.
I artebded a Fargo seminar yesterday. They outlined a new product for creative financing.
Celebrating Earth Day ()! Employees are picking up trash, donating clothes to & planting flowers!
are u their pimp??? Got them dancin making u some dinero!! LOL
Perfect! Only vacancy I had that whole week! I got it locked in...
Protected tweets.
Thanks! We had fun and Scott & Nicoleta are a great couple!
Talking a walk with nicole (:
Truly stunned at the picture quality on ROH. 720p? It's like they realized it's 2012.
I wanna be Austin's and Alex's friend that they can go to for girl advice(:
Whatever you say about Norv, he has guts. Onside kick works.
Not necessarily. But you do realize that while insulting me you're providing me with entertainment?
#BestSupportingActress goes to...
GYRO FRY PEPSI
Thanks for following! :) I'm feeling the love!
Just did an interview from #NCSL with Austins NPR station about federal issues facing states.
"You lose your right to having an opinion when you enter management" -Cy Wakeman
who won? Lol
Online college education is gaining bulk popularity. Become a part of the student fraternity enrolled here and check out the benefits
And possibly might hang with y'all again next Sunday in Indy. (:
I would cite Allison's list in my argument too.
What is something you have that is of sentimental value?
Anyone planning been storifying as we go? If not I will do it later today
I will pray for any requests that are sent in today. God has breakthrough you today!
The only thing WORSE than hearing, "I'm Pregnant" is "Hey man listen to this joke, and if u like it, you should totally try it in your act"
at least on conference calls people cant see you rolling your eyes and making blabber faces with your hands...
1 in 2500 people has #Charcot-Marie-Tooth, a genetic disorder that weakens the peripheral muscles. Celebrate
Which is just as accurate.
It was a pleasure talking with the African Youth League tonight about how we can fight hunger together.
That's 2.5 minutes to consume a Krispy Kreme doughnut. Not bad, Mr. Stiff! We're impressed. :)
College students did you know your ticket to Men of Steel is only $9 with your ID? midwesttix.com
i definitely will. Lets get together sometime this week. Maybe go out to dinner or something :)
I would say it the news departments of the music stations as your market is young hip adults. You just hitting up LA?
's rendition of The Circle of Life is better than the original. #mybestfriendisbetterthanyours Ø=Þ
Why get into a relationship during. Summer? Lol hell nah #teamsingle (:
Yay Patrick Is My Twin.!(: <3333333
WHY are they so stylish..is it cuz everything is MADE there first soo they have the first LOOK?????
Holy shit! I want to do that.....unless it involves burpees.
CARNAGE ROAD is on Kindle and Nook, TPB soon. THE FRENZY WAR in a few weeks. TORTURED SPIRITS Oct. 1. Then 2 more films & SNOW SHARK DVD.
I'm a carrot ninja on big shirt Sunday
Best blown layup ive seen in a while RT : Artest just short armed a break away layup!
If Santorum suspended himself does that mean cannot participate in any political activity? Please say it's so.
David - "girl what you doin, baby here tonight, you cant be single..." - "I'm not, I'm married" David - "...."
I dig it! Love the robot sticker. Looking good,
There's a storm comin moma.
HOLLLLAAAA and are engaged <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>!!!!!! Love y'all :) so happy for you two love birds ;)
“: Stunning brilliant paper today by John Barclay on Paul's theology of gift..."
u only get a lil slack lol txt me!
Thanks for supporting affordable housing in the District budget.
aw yeah!!
aha yeah(:
Hey guys!
Kendrick Perkins should be suspended 3 games for getting dunked on like that!
the way she cuts her eye @ him
omg and one?
And vice versa for that matter...
If Westbrook doesn't stop taking more shots than Durant they will never win a title
its so amazing omg
I do find it fun, what can I say? :)
From : "In the end though, you have to shine. "
"Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true." ~ Leon Joseph Suenens
how much u charging
You know, just enjoying my Dirt Road Anthem while doing work on a warm night..then Ludacris has a solo. #holdup no thanks.
i'll poop on your car
Haha! RT : I think we need to redefine "awesome"... #NOTawesome SIDENOTE: just googled awesome. "Causing awe or terror"
I absolutely love it! Haha you've got my attitude perfectly! Lol A+++ :D
I would love to watch a few more bowl games, 42 were not enough
In the studio today working on some new music for you guys!
Sometimes it takes me seeing somone else's hardship. Before I can recognize how God has blessed my life.
yup, it's coming along. I may need a new battery or alternator! I should be able to finish the body work by november.
After reading that article, all I keep thinking is: "poor donkey!"
We didn't lose da game we just ran out of time
You saved me.
Happy Groundhog day, new music world. ( we're looking at you)
#Dodgers get the win and sweep the #Nationals. That is the 3rd sweep of the season for the #Dodgers final score: 2-0
Three to fours days to do five days worth of work this week, no sweat!!!!
we love u guys..
That would be my answer too. You can't put Delmon anywhere.
Also I think there are limits to the size of paperbacks. Perhaps has an opinion? (see convo)
#HappyMothersDay ladies and to the gentlemen it applies to..
FT50 kicked my ASS! I am off from running till my IT Band recovers. This is very SAD, but I assure you... I will be back stronger than ever.
this is so corny (:
my son's 3 1/2, nursed for a LONG time, still sleeps with me. He's incredibly SMART, independent and happy! Thanks for sharing!
I'm laughing too hard to even justify a response. Have a swell day.
Thanks for reaching out!
It's so fun to tweet on line eating a late lunch.
Clearly I'm playing Ana, but that's I know so far :)
hi twitter world. Hope your 2012 year is starting off Productive & with no worries-
damn i have so many followers on there
It was a shoot out AND high octane. Very intense. So glad they won.
In Snow's map the people are invisible by name, but rpresnt deep ethnographic research by Snow & a priest who knew the fams.
RT : #SVESMC we all think we are 2x as smart as our boss, I'm 2x as smart as you
yes we need to talk. I am now national sales mgr for Chocbite (designer chocolate) and am working on starting e-commerce...
vocab. looks fade
yea saturday.
Moyer's pitch speed matches his age, doesn't it?
Watching Sherrif Babeu's press conf. Never seen this many Repubs refer to sexuality as irrelevant. Why isn't this on FOX NEWS, I wonder??
You're secret love affair
You're doing a great job of avoiding the "Individual sovereignty" characterization that YOU retweeted.
Just woke up. Going to bed now. Don't wake me up unless the place is on fire. Over and out. Z.
I'm going green by recycling exboyfriends. Your welcome.
I just want to retweet all of these they're so accurate
"Industry Nights",where artist play, party, network -Les Deux,Opera Crimson,Kress.Artist free all night on list.
Daddy day at the zoo! HAHAHAHAHAHA left babies &al!
So long Hong Chi Kuo - guess you're still broken. Best of luck picking up the pieces.
<U+314B><U+314B><U+314B><U+314B><U+314B><U+314E><U+314E><U+314E><U+314E><U+314E><U+D558><U+D558><U+D558>!!! 10 pages but I have to print that out. BTW why do they remind me of my.... Anyhoo DANKE!!! Hahaha.
woman get outta my neck of woods lol, duck pond was legit back in day....
Does Mel Gibson die, like, ever?
I'm VERY proud of you! Great rehearsal of your solo!
Wow. Had a great time performing jazz w/ Charles Crosman on guitar @ Maryhill Winery in the Gorge over looking the Columbia River Sunday.
do you think some of the players are getting fustrated with Quade unneccesarily? he seems like a "cubs" guy, no?
RT": That horrible moment when you take a sip of orange juice after brushing your teeth."
Cuddled up with yourself >
There isn't a specific best time Kedrian. Know, the dead periods & times they cannot respond. But be proactive & reach out.
More and more Seattle families are throwing away their plates and silverware after every meal rather than wash them. Is this a good thing?
Adidas athletes dropping hard like my rhymes! Watch out for my mixtape #RigSoHard!
Kinda loving the Claude Giroux song. A lot. GIROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUXXXXXXXXXXX
Nothing worse than a woman who doesn't take care of her feet.
well, you'll have it in LTE iPhone :-)
Thank you!!!
I board the media shuttle in Portland and the driver ask me "What is going on, is this college stuff?"
We got Bitches by OF is the hardest song ever made. Yup
Self-control is a better indicator of marital bliss than empathy+ more important for leadership than charisma
no not always sometimes I'm tired but not hungry.. hahaha
Hey, that's us! Thanks again for your feedback and time today. Have a great visit in CA!
You really are.
Things that can happen when you treat a place like a library as a home away from the home. At least it is packaged. >_<
V much time when officials & friends can use major help-but not easy 2 ask as they are in throws of responding, fog of disaster
Wood g is boring me now
Police: High school burglary suspects stole office supplies
2 heads are better inny day
Dang that sounds good! RT : Coffee&Berger Cookie Milkshake? DON'T MIND IF I DO! Come get one @ the B, open until 8!
yup. Born and raised with a few moves away and a few moves back.
You inspire me.
Got my ps3 back, come @ me with Skullgirls dawg
oooooopsies!!!! J-E-T-S JETS JETS JETS!
Why cant things be different? Whens it my turn for tru love and happiness??
Love that a full band can take the volume down this low... And still lower... Yeah
haha I thought you were saying almost 420 haha
#metoo --->RT I don't always see it but I've been really blessed in my life
direct message us. I'll hook u up now
Cold as shit outside! Moving practice to the basement.
I decided for Halloween I'm going to be a Grad Student freaking out about beginning to write their thesis.
THAT DOESN'T COUNT. You're not Scooter Braun or JB.
Good morning, hope all of my lovely followers have a great day!
yup they are coming soon
congrats on winning the #DAYTONA500. Wished I could have saw it. Couldn't stay awake.
Whoa. 8 people just broke up on Facebook.
haha, knew you'd like that one
Because when I lost you I lost myself<3
going to New Orleans Seafood and Hamburger. Need me to save you a seat?
Question: How Does make money?
observation #3. transvestive in little tokyo corners me with dance moves while smoking a cigarette, singing about the kind of man he wants.
you're doing it wrong: take the new one and reapply your smaller changes over it
“: Words of Wisdom.... "Haters will BROADCAST your FAILURES, but whisper your success." LOL”<<<< I love this!!, I have lots
Damn i gotta fuckin headache and my back hurts... hopefully it goes away before i go to work
"Find a guy who turns to his friends and says,"that's her"
Marianne, Thx so much for featuring my review of TESTAMENT OF JUDITH BARTON. Susan
If you're giving a pet away (esp. on craigslist), it just doesn't seem right to charge a "re-homing fee". Call it what it is: selling.
Thank you good brother! Help me get out the vote #GOTV, by reminding others to return those ballots for Team #AlphaAction. 06!
beat the heat with frankie's cool WHITE SANGRIA. 2 for 1 tonight from 5-8 pm.
well hey cameron. i miss you. #woof(; haha
come and watch them with mee
ogres in the morning, ogres in the evening, ogres at supper time...
Good Luck! :)
Nice!! Awesome job :)
life in the spirit world; reincarnation; pre-birth memories; near-death experiences; ET's; karma; psychic-spiritual gifts;ufo's in the bible
come to spicy's!
oh I didn't know that!
Youth night was crazy good!!!!!!! I luv all my people!
getting back to django - playing with template technology for an upcoming project.
Spilled the beans to other friends that I'm on Twitter. Might have to go public. For now, having veg burger and prepping for crit group.
If you haven't picked up a copy of new album yet...do it!
Lumos Networks gets into the colocation/data center game
I think the best part is you tweeted your support.
No dis 2 . U look great, do ya thing. But wht does a half-nakd picture of a woman have to do with hip-hop?
Another great artist I found
'learnt and forgot' problem for me is really kinda eggache.
Oh wow, I just found out students might be able to use their ID cards to pay for copies someday. It's ridiculous how happy that makes me.
No regret just love
Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Don't like the direction this is going. RT DO IT! We can do a lot with $100,000!
We found him.
My foot effin hurts !!
She's too cute !!
In addition to the design panel discussion we should also attend a class in editing. You know, 140 characters is hard when we're so psyched!
lavar had a good career...as a judge on the ESPN reality show that picked a broadcaster 6-8 years ago. Aikman=
Arrived in #Rockland, #Maine! Playing Saturday & Sunday at the North Atlantic #BluesFestival w/ #cantwait #woohoooooooo!
Meet the inner man not the outer layer. Pray that good shows you the heart so we can help each other.
"he who walks with wise men will be wise, but the companion of fools will suffer harm"
ah adding pen shopping to my weekend to-do list. Also, wish we could do a.m. workouts always...
That's cool :)
Lot's of energy in the gym here. Both teams picking it up and crowd more into the game now.
Homemade biscuits. That's just how I roll..
YOU. you were in Boston exactly 1 year ago. getting ready to go on at the TD Garden in an hour. you need to come back </3
Going to see Smile Empty Soul at on May 7. Hope they play a bunch of songs from the debut album. So freaking sick!
Women got it easy. All they gotta do is marry a rich man and they're set. Ain't easy for me.Not many women get rich working from the kitchen
Bynum finally coming into his own this season for the Lakers. He'll be the reason they do or don't win a championship this year. Not Kobe.
Shower then doing this math paper <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Free Business Cards @ www.Rushflyerprinting.com
i Feel so special.. ! soon ill be the Mrs. ! , Waiting on my heart
Forget the Magic Kingdom. Real magic is Chicago seen from the air on a clear St Patrick's Day evening. It's the Emerald City.
I don't ask for forgiveness from anyone. I realize my own mistakes and forgive myself. I'm my own person.
RT : Fun Y Fact: Did U know basketball was invented at the YMCA?
if my math is right he's in year 1 of a 10 year contract at the age of 32. Wow!!
This is the first time in about a week and a half that i can say i dont have a test tom!!!
got home from Washington yesterday didn't sleep until 6 AM because I drank four monsters that day... #DammitDiana blaming u
Me too! I found out about it from heatherknitz blog & I just HAD to get involved! I love meeting new people!
good luck on the street single!!
Just found out my Mum discovered how to follow me on Twitter before she learned how to use the maximize button in Windows
Luke has got some good stuff. Heck, it's all good.
what kind of specail treats will you be offering for Valentines Day?
no way it is better than JD's!!
we're so proud of our boys ! the entire twitter news feed is full of #TheWantedOnIdol ! this is amazing! =)
#gcyale : Big problem with private censorship is the CYA mentality making them overzealous.
everytime i see 21 i think of you(((:
Writing my acknowledgements for The Plum Tree and crying my eyes out. Geez, I'm such a sap!!!
thx Murp! Need to teach this old dog some new tricks!
yeaahh it got boring
THAT is a GREAT idea. Say it again, and louder, and to the right person. Maybe it'll happen.
DJ M-Squared & DJ Yonny, brought it so far!
Shout out to amazingly talented actor and friend....#WW hit him up!
you must be very busy, ttyl :)
u know, the ones they have the Cosmo Kramers of the world sit in so they dont look like fools for having empty seats up front..
Lord, if you get me through this next week with my GPA intact, I promise that I'll be good. kthxbai
me (at) blueaesthetics (dot) com
thanks a lot:) our first EP will be coming out really son!
That awkward moment when someone goes into a coughing fit and you just sit there looking at them, not knowing what to say.
Much better.
Start your year right! Women with Moxie Portland Mixer is the first Tuesday in January 6pm.
Lovin' the sonic textures. Maybe we should a show in Atlanta soon?
Good night, we'll talk tomorrow.
"commerce that is integrated, personalized, secure, open, and smart" according to First Data
His Biq John ;Gott My eye <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>:))
Making music for ears not eyes..Congrats Adele!!
Johnny Cueto = Ace.
What happens stays at #VivaLasVegas !
& the crew are at the #FishingExpo giving out free drinks for here until 6! Grab yours if you're there!
Chris Meloni has returned to HBO. Oz was the first series that made an HBO subscription a lifestyle choice.
Prepare to be attacked by the people who wonder where Bo's committment to UW-Milwaukee was.
No one has meant more to turnaround or deserves to play in NCAA tourney more than VJIII. So sad and unfair.
Thanks for viewing...we have upgraded since then stay tuned! RT : I JUST CHECKED OUT YOUR YOUTUBE... GOOD JOB
Thank you mahomies who tried helping me get a Happy Birthday from and it meant a lot <3
I have one penis hole but two streams of piss come out....
follow back
I can do all the things your girl can't do ;)
Sure. And your dead dog ?
Thank you so much for the #FF Best of Vegas women shout out ... totally honored!
#whatnottowear black and brown if it you dont know how to match it
Yes. You can represent anything you believe in with humble faith. We choose to represent equal life opportunities for pets.
Hello World??!!
Everyone having a good day so far ?
Oh. That's it?
Oil? How dare you! I only cook with butter.
your bush freaks me out
Hi Lupe! Name is Lizzie. I'm thirteen & love to sing & dance.Started following you cause Twitter suggested it-Hope thats ok
A drunk driver is very dangerous. So is a drunk backseat driver if he's persuasive - Demetri Martin
experimenting with RedHat's OpenShift for some of our mini-apps, aside from an annoying documentation reader for the user guide, I like it
Remember your resolutions? You probably need them now as much as you did in January. It's a good time to revisit & revise them.
lmfao, hey babe ;)
hahaha. It was my attempt at a sugar rush during a call that went horrible awry
Most of my twitter followers don't exist...
I push myself so hard because you said I couldn't do it, that I wasn't good enough... so for that
can i come over?
Text me at 414.335.9569 to ask about getting a "Free Birthday Party Friday" package for you or a friend!
I need money so I can order an Austin Mahone shirt and bracelet. :P<3
hell i just want a mood stabilizer for my boss and I'd be happy.
Love is being stupid together. Paul Valery
seriously old man favre you are the most indecisive person on this planet and if you are going to retire JUST DO IT. vikings can suck it.
I am trying to buy a sony blu ray player
Had fun with the launch of last night's new show Tech in Twenty Bytes. We want you to Byte Back! Send us your rant at 415-4Tech20
Still enjoying that FIU win. What a symbolic moment. FIU on the rise, Mario wins his title in 4 years. Miami on the decine, Randy fired.
And when the talk turns to politics- it's time to leave.
We haven't played an All Ages show in awhile.. Guess what.. Tomorrow we are at Beat Kitchen in Chicago with See ya there!!
Thanks brother! Hopefully it works out!
My defenses were so great. The cocky rock and roll hero who knows all the answers was actually a terrified guy who didn't know h
That's awesome! Shows how much education means to her!
theres nothing to do
is that dude. I'm just trying to be like him.
Happy Birthday to our very own ! You can be sure that we are celebrating with a sweet treat!
Sorry about the #ala11 technical problems - frustrating for us, too. We did offer test sessions with presenters ahead of time.
Two hours until showtime, #Milwaukee! Are you ready to #beatit? Bradley Center, NE entrance, 6:30.
also, in the tasting room you used to have all these signs about how you'd never export b/c pasteurizing sucks. what changed?
First day of shooting the dramatic short "Mirage" in the desert today.
How do you do that? Couldn't find instructions quickly.
and it's Abercrombie who knows how expensive it was sorry julian
where at?
I am a belieber and all but personally I don't think it's fair that the contest is only open to Canadians. I
#feminismLIS yes but we need to also make it louder to others too-so much needs to be done w many groups
You do mean the airline, right? RT : A6 Virgins
Camel Toes = Not Sexy
I'm such a white girl. :)
why are you so red?! Lol! Sunburn?
missing college today...wish I were on a #derbydays mission this morning
Love you :)
likemind is this Friday... in Chicago, it's at Argo Tea, Adams and Dearborn @ 8 am!
and i have a gift certificate.
Big food day here today. The is outside and is giving away free cupcakes. Georgetown ftw!
Today’s Craig Co. Civil War Scanning Event time is changed to 1 – 5:00 //craigcountyva.gov/2012/civil-war-scanning-event-time-changed-to-1-5
"me and CJ just made eye contact." Hannah:"o eye contact. BITCH."
I didn't know that being nice was a crime. I apologize....
OMG that's a Klien
Bored at home >.<
going for the sixth mil kickstarter?
Are you okay? Dx
Forward Calendar - US corporate bond new issues - Reuters
Kidnapped aid worker found dead
We're training three new drivers right now! In two weeks or so we will have almost 20 drivers working hard to take you around town!
I won't and good morning to you too, but goodnight! I just finished my hw and I'm off to bed.
no customer should be subjected to an attitude like that, I don't care if you drive in with 4 flat tires
over here got me eatin cereal with a damn Fork smh
Huge UGG sale @ www.allsportsshopping.com come visit us ,,, Sports Apparel, Nike, ACG, Jordans, Casual Clothing.
Just got approval on a VERY exciting sponsorship for one of our clients!
Type "zerg rush" into Google and see what happens.
#everyblackneighborhood got the crackhead everybody know
Good surf this morning @ Pacific Beach : 2-3 ft + knee to chest high occ. 4 ft.
Rehearsal, then gearing up for the show at Canal St. tavern Thursday.
What were you thinking of doing? Molly Malone's? I know ... it'll be insane, but I am mentally prepared if I go.
Something for me to look forward to in May 2011! Someone said she got a 5-year gift maybe in '08 but none for me in '01.
Can't wait for 's new music(: It's going to be amazing... I just know it<33
We gettin white boi wasted SO Get ready for friday smitch!!!
G+ is missing some big features (GCal integration?) but overall very slick. Feels intimate like FB once did.
Come home from school, plop on the couch, and watch some NASCAR now (:
Police spokesman Joel DeSpain says its almost impossible to estimate crowd at Capitol. Police will no longer give crowd estimates.
I've been missing from Twitter lately. Finding it less useful lately as a tool & a resource. Need to retool how I use it, if at all.
You changed your handle! How's the new life down in Cali treating you?
Track meet in a hour (y)
Creating a branded identity for a #Lacrosse team; got to instill mental fear into the competitors mind.
Hang a little board, do a little dance get down to life. Hang a little board, lay a little tile, get down to life. Hang a little board. Lol
Fina get this hoop session going in a Lil bit. Hope des dudes don't be on no weak shit. I came to ball
should hook it up wit those other maps for black ops? haha
Hey #moms #dads! It’s #MommyMonday! Follow & RT 2 Win #healthy products 4 your #family!
Hey Looking forward to seeing you guys at #TwestivalSEA !
you're welcome!
GenX party at the Spacehog concert
I suppose that is going to be the big question.
great time at
“: Cansancio!” rest bro!
Dirty Bieber Secrets , omg Mission Abort, CODE PURPLE.
Last day to use the code: BOO for 15% off on any shirt! Spread the Miscommunication! and stay Tuned! -The TV.
for now-.-
#fridayreads 'Memoirs of a Dutiful Daughter' by Simone De Beauvoir. I was lured by her personal story after reading 'the Second Sex.'
So Shawn Mad At Me For Telling Him How He,Be Treating His Lil Girls He Fuck With Smfh
Dont you just love it when someone gives you the WRONG directions! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> Lovely!
that sounds amazing! we have over a foot of snow and it is suppose to keep going until thursday at 8pm but, it's fun in 4x4!!!
no I don't think so. I'll look for you tho
#milwaukee Need casing around a radius' window? Let us show you ULTRA FLEX. A very affordable way to add casing in this application!
Wow Folks sure can hack anything someone hacked my Twitter Account so if you received any Tweets from me it was an Imposter...
Shoutout to all of our fans. We love you guys! Thanks for all of your support throughout our writing process.
Just finished reading your piece on Eastern WA wine country. Good one!
#mcnabb to the v#vikings? #favre to the #eagles, what is with this journeyman qb carosel?
Look Phil, 6 more weeks or not, I am cold right now!
Hard work and compasion, the feeling of stardom is in my heart
yay! Glad you went. Remember to let us know - #howwasit? //
This guy...married. Partying like he is single....getting numbers....dancing crazy...etc. but tells my cuz and I how much he loves his wife
man he say he aint riding cuz Malcom in the hospital so what yall trying to do ill just kick it wit either
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm. — Ralph Waldo Emerson
great day and even better celebration!!!
Just finished my bracket, UW vs Gonzaga in the Championship Game! It is going to be amazing. I should throw some money down!
It's so long since I enjoyed a good gingerbread cookie. Your house is wonderful! Love the little people. No, love the pops!
and you know where you are? "Your in the jungle baby"
At school (:
Annie, Get Your Gun. Peggy Cummins & John Dall shoot it out as Annie & Bart in GUN CRAZY. Bullets fly 8pET on
It's the final count down! Come on in to the Turtle tomorrow with some friends and be the first to join our #mugclub !! 11am door opening!
yes, I love to visit NYC. Just pretty sure I'd never want to live there.
Thanks for the tweet and you're not alone
sure but the youth don't feel it applies to them, how can we show it does?
Hello how are you? follow me
authentic cheetah print shit ...
On my way to Buffalo, NY! Bye DC I shall return :-)
Did you all see Google's happy mother's day? Thanks to their graphic designers.
Back from intermission
I get a discount at the bug jar & I still don't go.
share all you can and hopefully they will use it when they become a teacher
let me know if you need a hand on any of these new accounts
Oh my goodness! #HappyBirthdayMadison trend already!!
I have faded much within the last couple months it's crazy
VIRGO LAIR STUDIO E.S.A. ENT. WILL BE BACK IN THE NATI WITH IN A MONTH STAY TUNED!!!!
fuck cable man..
everytime I try to check out, my order for one bottle of machine polish 2 jumps up to 8. Not that it's a bad thing.
I have such a pretty sister! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
ATT U-Verse down at home; up with public library wifi
we have the best chicken caesar salad. come in and try it and receive 1.00 off
ya he was...I went to the cheetah girls concert (don't ask) and his gf stopped the show because we were distracting him from
See for yourself. Every week there are over 800 people in this spot. Wow! Celebrities always come through.
Happy Pi day everyone!!! This is the one day of the year when you actually have an excuse to eat nothing but pies all day!
cynsearly seeking lucidity
My running patients, who need orthotics, are treated with orthotics designed by the late great biomechanical pioneer, Dr. Sheldon Langer.
Remodeling your home? Give us a call for a quick and accurate estimate. We look forward to hearing from you. Chris (505) 379-2763
link doesn't work
I just followed a lot of funny people, this is 100% better than Facebook. There are actually funny people out there! What?
Also have chips and dip and sausage apps. Yum yum! Now I should probably get dressed and out the door. Why am I still tweeting?
Eva Paterson and Tim Wise have started their fighting for justice panel. IT. IS. PACKED
Patio opens !!!
you may be correct sir I didnt count the ones on the outside of the house
so bored. i need something to do.
Ok so Ibeza off the properwit & the bad ass real proper yeeeeeesssss
why did he block you?
Cleveland missed me so much they gave up 4 picks just to get my replacement.
I'm also looking forward to another exciting year on the SAFE Board with We're going to continue to push for reforms.
When I say I don't like the paint, why retort w/, "You have to get used to it"? Why? Am I suddenly going to develop bad taste?
on Backstory - #inspiring #realdeal Wish I would hear more #CountryMusic like this
We are compiling a list of the best #movies that deal with #Autism! What are your #favorites?
Dear Lord baby Jesus, lyin' there in your ghost manger, just lookin' at your Baby Einstein developmental videos. Happy Birthday!
say it ain't so Glenn. Gotta love Beavis & Butthead. On another note, had the hall vs Franklin JV tonight. Hall 28-0 W
Cant wait to go back to school
Fake ass faggot
Yes...it was my Twitter account that I used to talk smack about you. I guess that is over now...
Fuck that, I'll fight old people
immensely jealous of your indefinite jaunt to Italy; now I have an excuse to go!
Hey, thanks for the RT! :D
I wanna say that's the second time he has hit a HR and then had an error in next half inning
I understand that
Be different: If you prefer creaminess and depth in your Chardonnay, try a Pinot Bianco!
A day to honor, remember and thank those who are serving and have served our country. Thank you, service members.
Special thanks to for granting the jazz band a new drum set and hardware. Much appreciated
well good night love you all can i get goodnight back haha:)
Interested in Top Level Jobs. Dr. Cynthia Harris
I think it was Teresa joining #RHONJ that put the wedge in the relationship between the siblings not joining
Don't you worry your pretty little mind. People throw rocks at things that shine.
I remember when I used to go to Markham! -__- that room for juking was nothing nice lmao
coming through Atlanta on the 13th
If the people wouldn't pay... They wouldn't buy em. -My Dad.
diet coke and skittles are a good end to this friday
Smith-Rowsey: 3. pro-capitalism (beyond affluence, "there's an app for that," demands, triumphs the free market)
You Did it!!! And with 20 days left! CONGRATULATIONS
How to make homemade caramel rolls
SELL SOME DICK!!...Get the money!!..Hahahaha..
: #goodmorning indeed. We are so proud $ happy to hit our 1 yr mark today! Come by & get $1 #tacos till 11am!
Started the day by shoveling worlds heaviest snow. Can barely lift my arms...
we got this.
thanx bro, was hoping you like the changes
this one is really good. My teammates are getting silly tho so I might not stay for another...
wish you were going to be here!
Rashondra's about to go on! #NappyThursdays! bout getitin!
A world I wish I knew more about. Feel like I'm groping towards observations mathematicians understand but in very different terms.
When stepping into your shot, step in low with your inside foot and land on your toes.
just grabbed my biscuit...I had a little left on my lip ;)
I did not know that!
I want other first ladies of the world enraged with envy at our first lady's wardrobe. This is America.
I know one of them RT : 100k women die during childbirth per year. (Did I hear this right?)
Mann im weird. Whenevre i here or see something about i gasp then smile. (x Is that a good or a bad thing?
yeah! It's still going on. Good luck finding parking though. I'd suggest the bus or biking would be faster.
Andy Clarke on the new 320 and Up
Today is blessed
wish i could retweet your drake texts.
celebrating 's birthday tomorrow!! wish him a stellar one folks!
Barry Bonds=Asswipe
if it still hurts... you still care :\
Harbor haunt festival tonight!! Remember guys stage 3 up stairs 6400 2nd st, long beach, ca! Hope to see you all in the crowd!
While in Indy you should go visit my fdn- the Great American Songbook Initiative in carmel. Can have someone show you around.
I found it because I wore my cross today! #almighty man I could have lost it anywhere??
Up late stressin about BS =(
Okay.we can soon.Only benefit to the web page is it has a pay pal option. If you want to send me ck that's ok
4th term! Thanks!!
what are you talking about? It's freezing!
Thanks for the #FF mentions:
Milestone. Free sample at Henn Lake liquor. Only took 11 years.
Nothing better than a man in a seersucker!
This ladder is making me nervous. But, wow, gorgeous scenery.
Gym time
Just saw in LA Noire - lol Nice surprise! I just shouted "Grunny!" My roomies think I'm a little insane - I'm ok with that.
oh come on, it wasn't *that* bad... Finally gave Leo a reason to overact.
lol. Ohh wasn it suppose to end last yr n mf was countin down but nun happened -_- . Ppl kill me
good night TWITTER good night mb 1-4-3
I sincerely hope you enjoy it! The Oracle came together easier than any of the others so far.
my weed mans usually on point its my pill people I usually gotta wait for lol
' Huh can't wait to see him tho!!
she said hey now go to bed hit me tmrw
Capuano amendment would have supported peer to peer programs, like and others. Rejected by Rs.
Houston Hoops from behind takes 1 pt lead at the half 28-27 over Texas Ambassadors-Morse
Passing through opp alabama....I wonder who named it that.
Lincecum has another RBI with a line drive to right center
me too!!
I tried Glogster last fall for level 1 me gusta project, but free version had too many issues, not likely to try again.
when u coming to town?
he gave me those evil eyes!
I was unawares you could tag someone in your facebook status updates by adding @ in front of their name. Sounds familiar...
I work for a Beer Company. Why should I have to provide you with; Aprons, Coasters, T-Shirts, Bottle Openers, Glasses, Neons and/or Coolers?
well considering I'm still alive, I'm doing ok! (: how's life for you? && sorry for the even later reply :)
your beer choice now makes a lot more sense.
#wool Is being optioned! Congratulations.
I find that look disturbingly
What?!?! I missed you!
Finally back n kc.....1st thing is to sleep in
": #SeniorConfessionHour im gonna miss some of you after graduation, but the rest of you can go fuck yourselves <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>"
Great day with mom out at Ft.Pickens. Now headed to Waffle House for some good eats. :)
*shoots bird* WIN! now its a lot better!
Is it ME, or does the logo for the Golden State Warriors look like the Legion insignia???
Penalty against , JP Rodrigues for tripping. Baltimore on power play and a shootout.
beautiful pics...Awww I wanna have love like this 1day!!! Awesome!!
What's your guys 's favorit cover of austins? Tweet me!
RT : Would you like to win a signed Deryk Engelland puck? Just retweet this message and we will pick a winner later today. ...
sleep = getting your mind off of things.
NENE so Messy
We! Very nice bike!!
how you been?
Going to see Tim Lincicum pitch for the Giants. Baseball on the 4th. What can be more American
“: Steelers will open the 2012 season Sunday night in Denver against Peyton Manning.”--->hope your neck's healed. Sincerely, Debo
The Throwback Mixtape is here!!! www.CalDashE.com
Going to The Porter Beer Bar in Little Five Points.
First visit to BRIP dog park of '12 and Teddy wants to play w the humans. Sheesh.
wow! This is a really nice image :)
Justin Bieber haters
RT : Hear your favorite songs—or sing them!—tonight at #Fridays! We're going all out for #DJ and #Karaoke Night at 9pm!...
Committee meeting at 3:30 on day before holiday break. Makes me remember being a student.
welcome to the club! :)
Nevermind the darkness, we can still find a way. Nothing last forever, in the cold November rain.
message me .
I'm gonna need a double.
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <3 :p
Chardon HS Alum, Brandon Karcic, will be playing tonight at the brewpub to benefit the Chardon Healing Fund at 7:00 p.m. Join us!
Any social studies teachers happy with the sucky NCSS Conference themes? Trying to figure out how to get my proposal to fit their theme.
my personal tumblr dash is so boring sigh
Everyone have a safe #party tonight enjoy the #clubs and #bars drink responsibly.
Iguadala clutch from the line . Congrats Philly
please do <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
hi you cunt
I need new sports bra's for cheer. I only have one, and we have practice 4 days a week now... This isn't working for me.
ofcourse! I do. Please follow me!
just *killed it* at Comedy Works, taping for an upcoming Showtime special! Absolutely hilarious!
for the WIN!
I want Roseanne Barr to be president, and i have discussed why i do. Read my TI.
up late are we???
Ready for Jazz Fest... Can't sleep
Save some for me!!!
Free show at BackstageLive opens for Doors at 7. Free for 21 and over. OCT 14th!
RT : #Pirates' James Harrison took a no-hitter into the seventh inning on April 25 against the #Rockies. Not a bad start tonigh ...
What the hell just happened on idol. Was the real life???.
my professor is kool though he is letting us have another spring break when our high school does
TGI delivers creative #integratedmarketing support services to #Fortune500 leaders using print media & the latest multimedia technologies.
Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get, it's what you are expected to give - which is everything. ~ Anon
I got you.
A lil Gucci Mane - Icy at 730 am.
i was just drawing for so long. now i'm so tired
Time to mop the floors!
Thx for the #ff. Can't wait for start of season.
GoodNight Ppl ; )
Ficking impatient. I'm late!!!!! AGAIN
yeah I'm still following, I'm just never on anymore. fool. how are you though?
If I wasn't able ta keep it hunnid dat would b da
when are we having that fire at your house?!
:D hey followers! whats up(:
I apologize to anyone who has to deal with me today.
where are you now?
i love you(:
Better than Christmas morning #NCAATournent day one
I don't want to hear you #bitch about how horrible your #relationship is if you're not going to do anything to change it.
Just saw the trailer for #TheRaven! looks amazing & so right for the part. Looking forward to seeing this film.
Because of expat New-Age jackasses, you can no longer tour Cahora Bassa Dam. (google: Mozambique orgonite)
haha awe. Well u are funny as a bitch u just giggle. :-)
Good Morning Twitter , IB English Paper 1 . *whoop whoop. Aiming for a 5 :D.
$5 Dollar Falafel Day! If you don't know...now you know!
At home waiting to go to work. Had a frustrating morning because of my dog. But I need to realize how lucky I truly am lets keep it positive
So much for E-File...
thanks for the tip!!
MINDLESS BEHAVIOR IS OUR WORLD is trending world wide!!!!!
how cute (: I was on my way to work haha
Nice! Thanks for listening to our music! RT I remember Innerlude - I Don't Wanna Go On... good stuff
What can I say? We are truly showstoppers, ha ha!
they can pull you over for going around them?
To be fair, at a month, you're already a Level 3 guru yourself.
ah now I see the header. :^)
Jorts! RT : Jean shorts are considered trashy these days, right?
do you still have an aol email? If so it's been hacked....sending crazy random stuff...
Related: I wish #Instagram had a "1962" filter for today's festivities.
talking to Wake Forest & Idaho about possible tours for the Fall 2010 season.
. I'm tired of the MSM making excuses for Mittens' campaign failures
Do you have to subscribe to use Image Quest?
Gee.... I wonder who's gonna win...
Oh Clara Peanuts are not ment to be eaten ouy of the trashcan. Next time call me and Ill bring you some dark peanuts. :) lmfao
Bruins on head-hunting expedition: Hunter
I just got invited to join a book club! Holla! This is a very sophisticated and class bacholrette party! It's a nice change from the last
In what situations do you feel the most ignorant/unaware of your thoughts & actions? How has Christ’s love touched those areas of your life?
OH BOY! SLIPPERY SLOPE...HOW WOULD YOU DEFINE THAT? DO YOU RELY ON TESTS BEFORE A CRIMINAL ACT IS COMMITTED TOO?
I spy pepperoni…
"But to all who believed him and accepted him, he gave the right to become children of God." -John 1:12 (NLT)
#holyshit ...that is all.
that video is awesome ur a beast
I have no idea who the #Patriots selected but I'm glad they're defensive players.
Knocked out
Strong 2012 NFL Draft Class Shows Michigan State Spartans Football is Gaining Respect
Awesome first day on #FamilyAffair! I can't wait to shoot tomorrow. On location in NJ!
Just got shown Stanley's(my dog) lipstick. Ewwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww.
#nw The Princess and the Frog
South Beach...the only place in the world where you don't need a reason for fireworks. Happy...er...Thursday y'all!
Hey :) Thank you so much for the support!!! :) - Ava & Loretta
Just made brunch: toast with hummus, sliced tomato, and three eggs over-easy. Got eggs yesterday from a local producer. Yum!
#Imagine You: Can you follow me on Twitter? Austin: No. I want Skype, I want to see you even we're far away. <U+2665>
What am I , doing today ?
RT : RT : S/O to for spinning the #UTSASHOWCASE go follow him
Got them jars lookin beautiful ,
Tell me about it!
that is true.
What a match!! Great battle by both! Nice job Orton!
Just pulled into NYC. Honey I'm home!
Yes…love it...
yeah , I got it . Thanks
Happy National Dance Week www.nationaldanceweek.org
Agreed: AD is different, it's canonic at this point.
#IFindItChildish wen People claim dey 1 thing then jump on the band wagon of another of somethin else man
your bitch on my hip and i ain't talkin 'bout that pager. bitch suck my dick cause i look like darth vader.
Free Samples
thanks for the follow!
"relax responsible" -- don't mind if I do!
Baby let's get naked just so we can make sweet love..
TODAY! 10:00am- 3:00 pm, Dustbowl, Sexual Assault Awareness Day "90% of rape survivors on college campus know their attackers."
At 10am? Delicious!
Liam Neeson is such a badass in "Taken". How did I ever watch this movie months before I went to Europe?
Thank u
Are your kebabs similar to the one's found in Europe, namely Germany? If so, I'm sold!
Me and jus made a funny video lol :-)
well she's going to :) why?
Just finished a bottle of Alleycat...it SUCKED! Review to be posted shortly.
288 followers -_- c'mon son we can do better.!!!;D
remember we wanted to crowdsource translation at SSA? How about automating for CMS?
Hard to do at times RT : “A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend.”
don't go back to school!!
Your article about Delmarva's opening in Canton implies the showroom is gone, which it is NOT!
so exciting! Did u enjoy directing it?
Betsy Snyder created this too cute Valentine card for Papyrus! Valentine's day is coming up...nudge nudge
watch #Jersey shore :)
awe, I'm sorry lol
that picture is scary like a donut
Hey girl with 20,000 tweets and 14 followers, I'm guessing you should probably shut the fuck up
better get ready, package en route, its bout to get #WetRoundHere !!!
You talk cute.
Author Lynn Taylor reported that 70% of Americans in her survey said "bosses and toddlers with too much power, act alike."
At the celebration
tell me what they're saying...
This has been too long of a week. It needs to end, like now.
the dress is $65
how can i service you with the dj pack for my hip-hop recording artist precise dj pack for his single "it's on me"
RT: : Technically isn't he working from "home"? #badjoke < snap!
Someone needs to bring me some cookies. home made of course, and if they could write my papers too that would be awesome.
In new apt., Verizon not coming until tomorrow. Am WITHOUT INTERNET. Trying not to panic.
Enjoying sunbeams with the furry child.
We smilers, we are proud CyrusRules !
you gotta come back to Toronto I was at the penn state concert and it was crazy do it again in Toronto
nope zayn and Louis both have 2.9 million
I wanna watch the hunger games again..
Big fan of Words With Friends on my iPhone. Anyone else play?
Thanks for the shout!
Delta chi in Greeley what up!? Let's hang out tonight!
"Regret for the things we did can be tempered by time; it is regret for the things we did not do that is inconsolable." Sydney J Harris
Asdfghjklsdf I love your twitter. You're perf! c;
I got a flat tire. This is somehow 's fault for being beautiful at my Trader Joes and distracting me from car maintenance.
and you still make time to respond to your million twitter followers......HUSTLE!
Love their pinboards... such great home inspiration! RT Are you following us on ? Check us out!
just introduced into US in January, we're working on it!
Looking into places to stay in Granada - incredible.
Jarod Uthoff gets what he wants. He can go anywhere outside of the Big Ten. A big win at today's appeal for Uthoff.
Arise 6:30, drive empty streets dwntown, eat breakfast taco, write poetry at Pfluger Bridge, meditate at Doug Sahm Hill, admire "cow parade"
is going to Mt. Buller!
Blackmon: 2. there isn't enough listening to other side. Be open to possibility that other side is just as passionate and well-intentioned
A great overtime win! Next home game is Friday, April 6 vs Tulsa & then the season comes to an end on April 7, Fan Appreciation Day!
Happy Fathers Day to all the dads out there!
Was in Manassas this am. Packed!
Excellent, will try it tmoro. Thanks for the recommendation
What is saying right now about Yahoo is something I've been waiting to hear a long time.
. + back-end interface to edit mostly static pages, because he'll eventually pass the site off to someone else.
How come when my asian co-worker says something it never sounds right? Minced garlic sounded like 'mens' garlic?
Thoughts? RT : …& what about the "share draft" … I dislike that term immensely
Love that I am coaching basketball tournament this weekend but don't like that I am missing church back home in the morning
If God Forbid..if Romney ever was elected Pres..you know Mrs Romney would be running the country...BE AFRAID! actually sickening thought..
Enjoyed it!
kills envy, the envious are called anti selena are hateful jente who hate the jente with good success, are a shit!
whats makes you ask ?,but good..we have our moments from now and then
Mine too:( I miss you!!
Very happy new year! Stayed up last Night until 10! Rang in 2012 snoring!
Isn't it past your bed time, young man. I gots mad luv for you, and me n my kids luv listening to your music.
Yeah, I've had this on my to-do list for weeks, now. Soon.
I did, my focus was on communications, but I'm older. Social media didn't really exist as we know it then...
OMG. Haven't been on in such a long time! Since everything happened with my cousin I stopped using twitter. I miss every one! Tweet mee:)
and I are willing to give are left arm for these tickets! Deal?
GUYS.!!!!!!!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!! I FOLLOW BACK!! JUST ASK ME!!!!
And sturdy, too. Likes to be thumped like a puppy. Very very helpful, as well. Keeps a cap on office productivity.
I had someone call off my website this week from an old blog. If I was consistent this would happen more often.
Smart ass! :) You know what I mean. You should be out throwing back some fruit tasting drink right about now.
Gravitation is not responsible for people falling in love.
Been so busy this week!!!
just discovered #technologysalon -- looks great! Are there opportunities in #LA for #meetups ? See our #SMS tool!
do presidents and members of congress have to qualify for a security clearance or is it assumed they are OK because they got elected
Same here, Mike went to the Moontower Comedy fest and I'm watching Veronica.
It still doesn't make any sense to call Obama a Communist when he's a corporate roller
that's WiscoPride right there, my friend.
Will U B relieved to find out that Zimmerman did nothing wrong? Wouldn't that restore your faith in man? Or R U rooting for the worst
People can be more forgiving than you can imagine
So much is goin on in may
Fyi, french fries and mayo have changed my life! Forever grateful for your suggestion :)
You two crack me up, but AMEN to #wingsOnlyonpads -- and not even then
Worst part of the day? Waking up to go to school.
Fresh & Easy store is wanted in Serra Mesa. Hauptfeld addresses that Serra Mesa decides when & where not simply what unions want.
Sure am!
lol sorry, it kept saying i wasnt following you ;)
Hi Leigh, I agree with you. I'm still learning but I have found some great people here. I just have to learn to be brie...
As a special Mother’s Day gift to you, is offering her novel, Until Forever, for FREE as a Kindle download on Amazon...
ah I'm more than obsessed!! I watch at least 3 episodes a day.
did u see everyone's faces on the jury when she opened her mouth ! It was still over her head for her to understand
About to venture the the fabulous for KILL BILL: THE WHOLE BLOODY AFFAIR. Favorite movie/favorite theatre. It's a big day.
Mine is a boy
There is always an upgrade :)
well done lastnight Shane got us kicked out. #guiltyinbluedress!
Nice! You guys have a big fan in Cody Keep up the great work!
lol. Well its almost midnite here so time to try and sleep after all school tomorrow
Thanks for the follow. Check out my facebook music page if you have time! Hope you like it <3 Btw Keith Urban is the best :)
ps--- Jared agreed w/ my 7 year plan I wrote out last night. Good sign!! ;)
Good luck Eleanor!
my mom really ignored me all day. like, i'm your daughter, acknowledge me!
haha I totally would but im in Texas! But good luck, you'll find a way!
you can set it up through the website. On info resources webpage.
come on that's fun ;)
Hey guys! Also wanted to mention that Duran Duran Sessions won't be airing tonight. They're just taking a break this week!
Im pretty sure this dude is jerking off in study hall
I'm an architect on things that haven't happened yet.
Apparently The TSA Has Concluded That “Terrorists’ Are Most Likely To Be Female “Age 18 to 35 With Hoop Earrings…
It's so dusty! I cant even see the strip!
Honor and respect yourself while respecting others!
Remember: life is a string of interruptions. Enjoy them.
Always feel so more productive when Im free.
: Did you know about the #STL Salsa Congress? Your city is hosting one of biggest Latin dance events in mid-west!
Want to do noon & meet for lunch? I teach from 10-11:30. And of, course, I will need to check with Amber...
you have no clue what your talkin about... Joyce's thing has nothing to do with me?? So don't accuse me of anything
Nightmare On Elm Street marathon goin on as we speak.
has a headache from hell
Thank you for your Purim wishes! Happy Holi to you as well, from the Jewish community in metropolitan Detroit!
Have you submitted to our Contest yet? Did you know you still have until April 1st to do so?
Thank you for joining us this year's Champs event! We hope to see you again soon!
The exercise of an extraordinary gift is the supremest pleasure in life
Kobe looks gassed... from all the toilet time today...
*Kim Kardashian share her food with the homeless. And that so nice
happy belated birthday!
You know what ? Its been a hell of a good spring break .
That tweet was racthet ass hell because there aren't even any tigers in Africa.. lol
hottest Jerseys going LOL
Best Sellers From a Vanished World
Vikings stadium: Ex-lawmakers call Zellers the key to passing bill - Pioneer Press
To form a personal opinion, ask very specific questions for both ends of the argument. Then you gotta filter out all the irrelevant info.
i prefer them without one
I'm watching kindergarten cop.
How many of the veteran players has he alienated??..just ask guys like Hart/Hardy/etc...glad u guys have him...
The funniest thing just happened to me
Working on my blogs today. Also my facebook page.
Fxck out his face perkins
Turtles don't talk not even dead ones... Oh heeyy, I get it! Dang, thats deep haha.
Happy #mothersday I love you mom!
#dojo is treating me well these days, so is
#moverslongisland available tomorrow after 4pm! Please give us a call today to reserve until 9pm. Always welcome for last minute calls!
I want to be the next big comedian! Need financing! lol
that was so bad!!! I don't see how they could he laughing xD
#Phish Confirmation I got all the Leg2 tickets I wanted. See you Heads in Long Beach, KC, & St Louis. SF if I get off work.
HANDS DOWN HOMIE!
1st 'Midnights in Paris' class tonight in Chestnut Hill - great fun with ghosts of Montparnasse, Montmartre!
both very awesome! :D
Feel better <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Blast heard in support of drug war victims wrongly convicted in cell for mom in Myanmar.
Nice! RT : Boy's and Girl's Freshman Basketball teams won tonight in their games at Cathedral!! Go Giants!!"
out of work early because of the heat... this bodes well for the rest of the week. now i just need a happy hour buddy!
i thought u or rick would use 1 of the many awesome paintings y'all have for the album cover. Still looks good!
Right? And Loki was the villainous unicorn that stabbed people with his horn. Kind of far fetched...
Got one of my best friend kitty (: thx Emalie
yup. That helps
you missed wellstead making a Harold and kumar reference in evolution
We were created n the IMAGE & LIKENESS of God. When we sinned we're no longer His LIKENESS. Jesus' blood restores us 2 our original state!
Just received my first take-home midterm. 8-12 pages? I'm terrified. :(
Just bought a fancy vacuum cleaner
Need Free promotion? www.myspace.com/djnlyte812 www.nlytesoldierz.ning.com/ Have a blessed day.
Signing our lives away :)
emails!!!!emails!!!!!emaills!!!! i really have to do this in the magazine business
Awww I am off now :) RT Waiting for to come home from WORK...
just got your tweet as I switched phones and haven't set up Twitter. It was nice to meet you too!
thanks for the follow! Great to meet you.
Life without Music?..... I can`t go on.
ok feel better soon<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
forsure, that would mean the world to me! Stay in touch.<3
No math this week. Can life get any better ?
Follow us and get free essay samples!
RT : The OSU Medical Center just got a new name: The Wexner Medical Center at The Ohio State University — More:...
Race win today!!!!
Fuck the police!
I definitely have a thing for . I will watch any show she is in. Always rocking the witty characters.
Trying to get CS part of core courses and working w/ on getting Kinect and materials so her students can code.
The Battle Over the Birthplace of Adm. David Glasgow Farragut
Let's hope this day at the other shop goes smoothly.
wht a great day today!
Walnuts, peanuts, cashews, or pecans - What's your favorite?
Where did Tickle finish. And why no #SXonSPEED tonight?
philosophy vs drinking. I will come if one of you wants to discuss the fear of freedom with me. ;)
As I surmised, panel today including editor from Edwin Mellen offered some very diff. perspectives on scholarly publishing.
General Hospital is in Port Charles.
Accepting headshots and reels for horror feature film
being home alone <<<< someone call me
Got back from camping it was very fun
Ugh I hate being stuck in bed!! I also hate being sick! Im so bored. Someone talk to me!!! Haha
yuhh but what's new wit her?!
Also, I can't wait for "Moneyball."
What?!?! This show is great!
Getting ready for my photoshoot tomorrow leggoo!!
Packing up my house and ran across some old CDs that I haven't seen in years... Big Tymers "This How We Do"
Not really man...not a good start in my opinion..
Love to Bill Cosby need his help.
- thanks for joining us this morning!
Answering tweets. Writing recaps. Who wants to know something?
It is so important to have a good injury/accident attorney that knows the law and protects your interests.
or Aaron
Oh, yeah! My principle is Roger no matter what! LOL!!
Oh you are too sweet.
That's not a nursing home, is it? Surely you're not that kind of daughter. :)
I'm watching Arthur cause I never did as a child.
Did the music warm your spirit?
I need to see that movie
I love you man. So awesome. My kids love you too!
Close the work week and open the weekend with a quick stop at Beverage Warehouse. We are sure to have something you can celebrate with!
I have one more order going in for this month so if you are local let me know if you need anything and you get FREE shipping!!! :)
Hoe, I wish u would.
Alien 1: Did the humans get our message? Alien 2: Yes, But they named it Dubstep and they dance to it
I call it Diet Beer, and awful.
I was so excited to watch daytime TV!.....it blows.
alright. Im just used to you getting on your tippy toes and such :-) Lets meet up soon!
just as the prosecution's case must hold up in cross. my larger point: lots of evidence could cut both ways.
Bilderberg Group so far in the Obama Admin, all 14 of them at the Whitehouse, pardon my french, havent done jack shit, except to make $ 4 $
What a beautiful weekend!!! We know there are some sore bodies from all the sun and fun. Come on in and we can help you out.
that shirt is very becoming on you then again if I were on you I'd be cumming too
Just Watched 's movie Straight to DVD. AMAZING!
ah nice;) say hi for me!
Just completed Day 3 of I cant believe how hard everything is...but it is certainly worth it!
Geffen Playhouse was amazing! I finally understand why people love theatre
yeah I love that pic. Fun to be called out on twitter like that. :)
I hate being the "nice girl". It's so easy to give the nice person the shorter end of something.
May we all remember what her life and death represents. Be your best each day as the next is not promised
Am here at Stedelijk for closing day. On the first floor!
AP-Oil falls to near $102 a barrel after negotiators said meetings over Iran's nuclear program began on a positive note.
I've just made a facebook. Friends?
RT "had a blast with you last night wish you went on my little afterdark adventure hahaha" 1 reason why i love you ! haha
Hey, check your DM! More to come...
Avoid common grammatical errors: Your vs. you're. "Your" indicates possession - your book. "You're" is a contraction for "you are."
I'm so over all the drama and arguing about stupid little things that wont even matter the next week
No coupons, but we're teaming up with so you can earn free burgers soon!
You're awesome TMoney!
hell yea u knw it :-)
“: You may have spent Sunday morning with Santorum. But it's me and egg rolls Sunday night! ”#LUCKY MAN!!
Good Morning!
#iWillNeverTrust you again
Whats your tag?!
Boomgarden finishes off Schnarr in straight sets. Rodgers will now try to serve out his match against Hogendorn to join Boomer in the final.
hahahaah!!! wondering what it is....
Always bear in mind, that your own resolution to succeed is more important than any other thing. — Abraham Lincoln
Just got off the phone w/ He's got one left that someone was supposed to buy but it turns out the buyer is in Tulsa.
might go shopping with the girls later.
finally finished packing! I had to buy a new suitcase that weighed less empty... it is so cute. It screams Hawaii.. aka my socal style.
Finally got new worms and restarted the worm bin today. Happy Earth Day!
CAN I GET FOLLOWED XD!!!
Again, that has nothing to do with Carmelo. He's been getting ran into the ground and physically beat up all 3 games.
Yep! Hopefully you are planning on good eating because there's a lot of it here!
Wow - Bayern wins on penalties. Sorry for Mourinho, happy that the petulant weasel Ronaldo missed. Bayern-Chelsea final - Go Bayern!
Mitch Kramer can't throw a strike tonight.
Ranking Full Stop, baby
WTF, Hyde retracts and says #Dolphins still in on
hey chiquilla! Long time no see. Are u still at st mark?
We'll see you tonight for "Under the Influence," stories about LSD, frenemies, Cal Ripken and Steve Jobs. Still tix at stoopstorytelling.com
I'm so impressed that you know how to put aside electronic things on vacation. I'm trying to learn!
shhh yuh tweeted me!! Fan girl moment!!<3 Thank yuh so much! You looked cute in the video to!(: lol
#YouCuteAndAllBut i have no patience for the games.
Anyways .. SPRING BREAK, BABY!!!!!
i cant tell either
All moms and mom2be are welcome!
It is official, my book Score Big: Winning More Business in Financial Services book (McGraw Hill) will be in stores on July 13th
#stm2012 in biology: 1000 genomes project; 7 petabytes of data downloaded in the past 12 months
Mother's day is coming up, thinking of anything special for your mama? -PT
Why do people want to be envied?
discovering new music, reminiscing with old music
you send out a tweet every 5 minutes...what's up Big Marv
People would rather believe than know
happy 18th birthday justin<33 i hope u have had an amazing day;) im listening to my world and my world 2.0 #stillkidrauhl <3
: If I was standing on my head..Groupon would look like the IPO of the year. But, I live in reality .it's just a turd ..$GRPN
Drive safe everyone... it's looking bad out there! Who's ready for #summer? :)
Gloomy LA morning with German Voiceovers for IBM
practice at 9, i'm not feeling too good :c
Preparing for a Las Vegas trip on Frontier
But what is the intent of a big hit? To take someone out. No one tries to big hit a guy with intentions to not harm
thinking of you while reading Second Book of Nephi on devil; "this awful monster; yea, that monster, death and hell"
Variety Show #5 tonight. New studio, new guests!
friday night lights is effing amazing.
That next day body ache
Go look for Kenyon Martin RT : Let's Go Lake Show!!! We need Shaq bak man.
MLB writers will find a way to give the player of the month award to an east coast player.
just go in tomorrow and be like "hi okay i have to make up a science lab during lunch can i just take the test now" see what he
maybe they actually checked this time.
#USF #Library is closed tomorrow!
Just Two More Weeks Of This Weak School Sht . . Then Im Getting Missin
it works in so many ways! Keeping us together!
I don't want to hear any crap about Romo. Dude was a warrior this season. Played through a ton of injuries thanks to his O-Line.
Awesome show! I think it is going to touch the hearts of America. I for one am proud to have been there!
Hyman wins journalist of the year honors - Wicked Local
"When Jesus said this, one of the officials nearby slapped him in the face." (John 18:22 NIV)
First time I drive again to where I was rear ended, I witness another rear ending that blew out the back window of the other car. Crazy.
its going to be hot today !!!! lets go
Never Close Our Eyes by on ! Thank you. First time hearing on radio. Sound awesome! Trespassing is
Good breakdown. I agree with all of that.
Chilling at Lestats Coffee house in San Diego waiting for it to start raining enjoying a good strong cup of coffee. Hope everyone is having
Happy Mothers Day to everybodys mom. We gotta let em know we love em as much as we can while they still here.
I believe I can try. I believe I can put down the potpie. I think about losing my belly. Thru exercise/eating healthy. I believe I can try.
Soy Peppermint Mocha for the traffic.
dear gobstopper of a semester: i could use you to end sometime soon. i feel like i'm running out of things to say to students.
Can't I just look at him without playing tennis? ;-)
everyone is entitled to their own opinion, its just that your opinion is stupid
I found one too, it's called velcro. You can get it at your local craft shop for $2. :)
nothing, why? I think it's dope. He's comin from a complete different angle.
High sticking on Kreider ... #Caps to the power play.
Good weekend for #ukmma congrats especially to #bradpickett on his inspirational performance!
People So STUPID, Smh .
i really was going to put then background .. but then you just changed yours .
Thanks for the Fireworks ! I really enjoyed seeing the sky light up with bright colors as I biked home.
Very welcome! You're quite independent, Frank-- I like it! Let's have a stick-throwing hang soon!!
The 100 Years war was shorter than Tony Parker's announcement
I've lost me mind. Grrrrrr
Happy 2 be here!
thanks to you sir and I love ur slide style!!! Big Fan!! Can't wait to jam with you.
So glad there was no school today!
Tuesday night #QueueBarLounge #lasvegas 9pm-5am come visit & win some money video poker bar top
Team Aries...all the da way
happy thanksgiving Neal!
Much love and kudos to single moms out there doing the damn thing, im just sayin I be damned if ill be just someones baby mama.
I believe as a human being I am entitled to my own personal IP address.
watching law and order, the show named after my byceps
im so done with all these funky ass niggaz
follow?<3 we love you jacob!(:
RT #Cancer females are huge freaks unless they havent had sex yet but no matter what, they are undercover freaks,
you're right, I'm actually so great! Truth be told, my request for another day's holiday was approved today...much to my dismay;)
SUNDAY - FUN DAY @ THE SMILING MOOSE! $3 JEREMIAH WEED TEA VODKA DRINKS Till 9pm, $1 PABST PINTS 9-11PM! KITCHEN OPEN!
They barely can get a good show in 2 hours.
ate out every day for a week while I was in baltimore. I can feel and see the grossness. Time for my 2 month long detox.
Started drinkin at 7 yest was in bed by 12 with a cracked screen empty wallet an a NYR w
Playground coloring !
Will start working on original music and stay tuned for our monthly podcast. If you have music, send it over to Soundcloud.com/dsdsq2
I'm psyched to see perform tonight on thirdbird's Seen & Heard 4 (among other brilliant performers).
I'm a girl. I can read emotions like Edgar Allen Poe stories.
you better be at my apartment in the next two hours missy !!
You deserve His love, and can feel it through the Spirit every day. He doesn't forget anyone.
did you get the video up?
thanks man. I credit the equipment. All I do is click.
Many of your clients trust peer reviews of businesses. So yo must be transparent and represent yourself online. Cc
i am trying to find a sponsor for a Los Munequitos De Matanzas workshop on april 27th in cleveland , Ohio. where their performing.
Who's the BEST Principal in SA? That's what wants to know. Send nominations to now!
love the K.
Spirit is vertical. Progress horizontal. We are at a crossroads.
stupid political tweets are like early days of email, when people regularly wrote dumb things. Not going anywhere for awhile
If you listen to Huey Mac you might be a faggot. Sorry if your white and you rap from wv
you speak the truth.
where have u been? Miss u:)
should have had more Gibsons...
Crosby and Malkin weren't bad in the series but not once was either the best player on the ice. Giroux was in at least 3-4 games.
everybody... please FOLLOW We need to help her get more fans and followers. Emma is very talented and I want to help her!
I like work. It fascinates me. I sit and look at it for hours.
Watching w We don't agree on much, but do agree that the homie Mike Murphy rocks some swagtastic glasses.
Thanks to everyone who attended Tromadance this weekend! Our Strand family made a lot of new friends!
what's up? Haha long time no talk :p
RT : Checking the mail for my contract! SO excited to be sponsored by them. #PinkHair AWESOME Zoe!!
i look like her? O.o
When you get to know your students as individuals, and they are not just a number, that us when REAL teaching can begin!
We love you guys!! <3
both of them -.- I don't want roshon to leave :'(
Today is my 15th birthday. And 2011 was a hard year for me so please justin follow me. That would make me so happy !
Awww, thank you!
#firstworldproblems RT : Wearing Swarovski-crystallized underwear is highly NOT recommended when doing abs at the gym.
Gonna catch white and nerdy.
Might be getting a regular job and not really sure how I feel about that.
just bought 's #AllAmerican album
What's the protocol when you're fucking a guy and the shit smell from his ass is so strong you can't keep it hard anymore?
I'm really wanting a valentine.. :-(
1 year anniversary tonight for Old School Wednesday's with a special DJ set by
Nat..u forgot to call me back..thanks a lot buddy...
still being true blue with a little reality sprinkled in wow what a game.
Mmmmmuh that was last Wednesday. I like sharing brainwaves like this.
Attn mothers: please feed your teenage boys enough food so they weigh more than their female counterparts!
All you can do is stay positive. Keep ya head up
Wow, thanks for the add!! xoxo!!
Montgomery ShopRite: 1box kosher marzipans left. On back it says "SERVING SIZE: 1piece" Has anyone EVER eaten just 1marzipan!?!
Did #WalkerFailure record radio speech blaming others for his job creation fail b4 or after he flew to fla on campaign cash grab?
Niggas really be mad when they losing in video games lmfao
their boobs perk up and out xD
Just restarted the web stream due to audio sync issues, so if anyone's having trouble, refresh the page
So many people these days date for the wrong reasons......guys want one thing
Thank you, Kym!!!
all day lol :)
what is that?! lol
no. I am illiterate when it comes to that. Lmfao
in the Lab
Hey boo I miss u hw is it out there ??? I cant wait until I come back hm u goin b the only person I wanna c bside my fam
Once you have learned to love, You will have learned to live.
I Feel You.. Best Of Luck To You.. May Your Day be Fast And Furious
Can't have your cake and eat it too. Have to pick 1. I choose Dexter. What have people ever done for you?
Pens thought of the day: We may have lost the first round, but we got back the best player in hockey.
someone tweet me. need something to do.
It was a gorgeous day. Woke at 6 & hit the ground running! Feeling accomplished!!!
day trading rockstar, thanks for watching the video and getting a copy of the book. I attempted to share all the little tips i learned
we're too fabulous!~ *hair flip
I miss Kyle so much!
Thanks for listing me!
DailyHookahTip#158: Get a to smoke out of your liquor bottles. It's made of aircraft grade material, aka indestructible.
that sounds interesting.
sleeping is tough for me, with the bus moving, feels like I'm gonna roll out the bed and hurt myself
“I don't care if I sound like a dying cat when I sing. This is my favorite song. Therefore, I shall sing.”
Um, duh!? (AP) -- California parole board denies mass murderer Charles Manson's bid for freedom.
Woulda been cool if Rihanna knocked him off that tower with a baseball bat.
I promise to drive safely and only hit 6 hole in ones!
Go home. Turn the air on. Get naked.
no are you coming to Milwaukee? Em J and were going to come to you.
I hope so pretty nervous though look how high my eyebrows are.
Nah, Braves fan over here. Georgia born and raised.
.: "Hackers need journalists too." Can help make sense of story, increase reach.
speaking of tech, i still need to paint my car...
I won't waste my time thinking of it at all, I'll be having a blast, I'm sure ;)
Cardamom has been used to alleviate mental fatigue and nervous strain.
Guy steps out on Falcons during the season. Sneaks around on Louisville with Auburn. Karma is a you know what.
Join us for tonight's entree special: a Seared Hawaiian Mahi Mahi with Anson Mills Grits, Roasted Cherry Tomatoes & Sweet Corn Vinaigrette!
Is there a product that will deter a cat from pawing at framed wall art without damaging the frame or the cat?
Great superbowl halftime. Not
thoughts and prayers for your grandpa! <3
If you overturn the call, do you wipe out the at-bat after that?
I <3 Bryant Park. Wrote a diss chapter on WCBryant, researched @ NYPL, loved sitting in park on breaks. Say hi to WCB for me.
... Then Ishikawa gets rung up on a change-up 2 ft off the plate to end it in the 9th.
how sad. U need sales that bad? How pathetic.
Who outchea in these streets? Lol
yeah that's when I learned to never trust ever again
Blueprint is fixed. There are other responsive frameworks though that you should check out. :)
I will be attending the Texas Library Conference in Houston, Texas, starting tomorrow. Representing UNT!
Its 3 am. And I'm exhausted. yet the computer calls. I hate technology
glad to see Willie on #SwampPeople tonight!
How long has CNBC been a morning news talk show in the afternoon? No more hard business news?
bad mouthing #Bruins fans:(
I think you guys have started something great here. :) follow me? xx
Review: Surprised! I was fighting it for the first few chapters, but OK, I'm on board. I'll certainly read the second in the series.
Working on it, but prob won't have it solved by wed...
Hey T........LOVED U RIPPING up PTOWN, my old HAUNT...and Newbury St. My Friend John Mck. works at AVANTI...loved u
Another time for sure!
I could seriously use some tweets to entertain me right now
what u doing did u delete your fb again?!
how do i verify my account?
it is morning and the coffee tastes so very necessary.
You here for ADI?
yes! Love him!!
Definitely stopping at chick fil a this morning ....
We aren't giving tours at the moment. Feel free to stop by and say hello, though!
Is So Sweet , Pretty , And Flawless ! I Love Her (:
I think you can! Check out YES - Your Event Source in #clt. They've got everything!
Regrettably, Fletcher already endorsed Sherman for D7. Wonder if endorsements will hold?
Madison police confirm Jesse Jackson is at the state Capitol.
Don't have an opinion where you don't have a responsibility.-J.Meyer
you need to follow me! L0l i can't wait to see you next weekend! (:
Wa. It's already dark! :'(
Ive been so depressed and misserable idk whats going on in the real world anymore...):
Have to be up for work in less than 4 hours!
That's Crazy Right! :) *giggles*
hope you feel better
Hey are you in So Cali? We'd love to get you some!
Or, you know, basic crowd control.
totally! “: Once you realize the less that's expected of you, the easier life becomes.”
I'm very disappointed that none of coworkers know who Rude Dog is.
Just two more days until GiveBIG. Can we count on your support for The Seattle Foundation’s one-day online giving event on May 2?
her mom phone dead and dk if i can come over this week..im going to be super sawddy hebrew
They look awesome. Have two in my front yard!
When he lays u down I might just die inside, it just don't feel right.....
I'll be sure to, thanks! I've got a whole #LehighValley twitter list going
today's NYT article in business section TV Exec's daughter does NOT want TV in her dorm room!
You are so sweet! I am going to move to Edinburgh one day and be your neighbor!
haha I need to get the other 2 colors! They are so comfy!
how was walmart? xD ha P.L.U.R.<3
LIKE if you are waiting until the last minute to do your holiday gift shopping!
If I have 2 hoes 3 hoes, I am going to have mo money then The President! Lol now thats funny!! Lol
if not tell chip I'm staying over HAHA seriously
We have an extra room!
Hope u had fun!!! RT : #MyStudio HOLLYWOOD WIT HEADED TO CHECK IT OUT!! TURN^
I'll be Burger King and you'll be McDonalds, I'll be doing it my way and you'll be lovin' it.
please please please follow back <3 :] I just followed you!
where have you been all my life?
TONIGHT - Saturday Night Sessions with DJ's J-Roc & Justin George Playing the Best Hip Hop & Dance Music along with The Lotus Dance Team!!!
thanks Mallory! Hope you're doing well.
SCT is offering office team building and public speaking workshops. Email .
I love ur song I gust love it so much like evry moment I'm singing it <3 it have a amazing day :)
Some Conway, Charlie D, Waylon and Eddie Rabbitt. Does it get better?? Oh and some Seger! Great for a Wed nite 2 finish the week-BH
I think NY is gonna be a very grumpy place to work today. Yankees got schooled and I don't really care. Can't let it show though.
I'm so lost without Jose :(
30% of respondents in North Star poll would vote for Thompson, 27% for Hovde; 23% for Neumann. Thompson, Neumann dominate name recognition.
Went home early from work because it was slow. Took a nap and was woken up by mom rambling on about things I don't care about.
so u dont like football anymore? even u rap? i do too but not many ppl know bout it
Joan Little is
Sanctuary is amazing!! The video couldn't come at a better day for me! Thanks! #MySanctuary <3
With love this girl so much!!!
That's an interesting perspective bruh on Timmy's methods. I never seen it that way. Stirring the pot on all sides...
whose down with O.P.P. tonight !?
Umm...you so better come see me before you go!
Optimize for people 1st and search engines 2nd
Thanks for the invite but running on a tight schedule today, I plan on having lunch with you Thursday or Friday :-)
Happy Hump Day everyone!
I'm a fan of yours.
He will NEVER think of how many people could feed their families on that much money either!! Greedy creep.
Lmao ok RT : might is not acceptable-this isn't a might come event madam...i look forward to seeing you!!!
There was more people believing in me than I knew.
Hate a bad fucking dream. Ruins my day
Thanks for all you do to support brain tumor research!
Follow me so I can message you back :)
Just tried to update my iPhone & it said it would take bout 6 hours!! So I waited & checked it again it said that there was an error! UGHH
what's the word on the arrestee?
Spending time with the girl and our families in B-Town.. Post Prom shirts, check <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
you're the older one, drive over here!
Good for you, I'm still writing at night but hope to be a day writer soon
I hate when people moan about wanting to meet Austin AGAIN, Trust me, your the luckiest people out there! I haven't met him ONCE so be glad.
Thank you! We hate cancer too. RT Woo hoooo!
Happy mothers day mom, thanks for carrying me in you for so long (: <3
Wyd in the next Hour, ill come thru if you stay in LA or LBC
Is that Cleveland on the phone?
Lifestyle change is in order
Thoughts on the State of the Union?
MizMuze is gonna mosey on over 2 the Pagoda to see Little Dragon, and then it's off to Laguna Beach with the GO Girls manana!
don't take anything says seriously. Ever. Thanks 4 reminder I haven't called him and idiot this week. Idiot.
RT : 1st they ignore you, then they laugh at u, then they fight u, then u win - Gandhi
RT Some other teams fans claim to be the best but there is no fan base like #packernation TRUE THAT
advice from one dude to another: you can dress to the 9s, but if your hands are in your pockets, it ruins whatever look you're going for.
baby this coon over here crazy and was ducking with me
tams is fucking amazing!
Where are my parents. I wake up and there not here... They don't love me
thanks it's was awesome, for now Idk lol
Only hot guys should KIK me @ flirtyprincess
I ate so much last night that I woke up full
I want to make a twitter bot that does nothing but endorse long-dead presidential candidates. Vote Rutherford B. Hayes in '76!
“: I take incredible dumps”
hahahaha omg it'd be crazy
conference call
Any comment on Obama big donor calling Sarah Palin a MILF or c*nt? Is that ok?
aw brittney I hope u get better :)
dear mama- Tupac
#DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you release Shut up And Love Me? 5
Good to connect again! As for photog stuff... is amazing. I'm hoping she has a good referral for you :)
What's your favorite song?
Attending my first PR and Coffee Meeting.
Thanks my darlings for the #FF Hacwe an amazing weekend!
If it isn't love
smh i was upstairs knocked out. But they killed it
I wanna tell you how I feel, but if I do I'm afraid it'll just push you away
oh my god i love your brain. that's the exact correct response to such an event.
Donna Summer. Great voice. Wasn't she in the movie "Thank God It's Friday?" In addition to her hits on the charts?
i love it!! haha and yeah i did(:
<U+E033><U+E112>under the mistletoe<U+E033><U+E112> <U+E32B>Five days<U+E022> RT
oh god i have like cramps in every part of my body
_: Teacher: "WATCH YOUR LANGUAGE!" .. Me: "OH SHIT, sorry" This reminded me of you in school:p
Listening to the birds chirping away at 3 am like it's morning *sigh* lol
No way! 10 grand! I guess Playboy is quite educational these days lol
Chopped is not good for my blood pressure.
Hey hey! Thanks for followin' me...hope all is well! ;-)
This looks fun for me
and : you're too kind, ladies. Thanks for the support, every day...
i can't get you out of my head
I only trust 5 people exactly haa and nun are friends smh
Hi. We have reservations for 4 under Happy Easter!
Any chance we can get a Bucks prototype?
strawberry wafers >>>
Who will be in Las Vegas this weekend?
He's good at saving pucks but not very good at saving his brother's marriage
So many choices... #vegas it's on tonight!
I'm not too religious, but grew up in church and always lived the right path, well put!
hey niall, follow me and i'll buy you all the food you could ever imagine!
#FirstDayBack is tough... it's much easier to GIVE back :) How are your charities going to #DoGood in 2012?? Happy New Year all.
“: thank u for ur prayers” My pleasure this is the year of
Grab the CTA and go to the Garfield Park Conservatory (Green line-Conservatory) and Little Village (Pink Line-Kedzie)
No official launch date determined yet. However, we may have a special 'pre-launch sale'. Guess we're gonna start off small...
Tomorrow we're releasing a major report on the state of #ereading in the US. Includes a portrait of e-book readers + their preferences.
Aww i'm taken. You need to look for other qualities lol
You know, I actually prefer your vocal stylings compared to the real singer, keep singing
Fridays are normally my down days when I get a lot of work done. Today, though, I have 7 meetings!
Yes. But has to wait til nxt year RT “: Is Tyler Seguin the NHLs next super star ?
I've always wished that one night I'd just go in my sleep... I guess I should've been more specific.
nice! Not in the Android market yet. Tomorrow :)
Just The Wrong Settin'
America, I will trot my way across America with my $0.00 cost to taxpayers job plan. We don't need 450 billion dollars America!!!!
they defined it as "cruel behavior"
Can't list until they figure out the Clemens retrial
Spending my Friday evening going WILD with updating my portfolio and resume. It's a shame my Starbucks is closed.
Reports saying the #OSAMABINLADEN Assault lasted only 40 minutes.
lol not tonight..
RT : "It's not enough to do no harm...one of the species at the bottom of the red list is the fisherman" -Barton Seaver
: Can you fix the picture? Something strange now with PIT-MIA game w/the picture.
your point
can't wait to hear what you did to that track...
Glad it ended well. I don't see it for another two hrs.
I mean my life would be terrible if I had no place to put my cum!
China has a Central Commission for Discipline Inspection. Brilliant.
We love to remove stress from the application process and it doesn't stop there. Come by booth 504 and receive a back massage!
they have Protein...
MPTV 36 has been taken over by TV & Video students! They’re at the controls so tune in all day for student-produced programs.
CN_Cottonwood thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
video girl the movie in theaters amc empire in nyc today, rave 18 in L.A. tonight 1145pm, starring meagan good, the block in orange, ca 2
Big Black massage, the bigger the blacker the massage. lmao
(Joan hand drew her slide of a "Northern Reporter" spine and page!)
TPCo wishes you a wonderful new year filled with abundance, joy & treasured moments. May 2012 be your best year yet!
have you heard of acute intermittent porphyria? i have that disease
Hey there you should give us a listen if you have time:)
Steppes out to use the restroom and came back to birds eating my chips off my outdoor table !
I wish someone would create a show that mixed Finding Bigfoot with Ghost Adventures... entertainment overload
I don't even wanna look at all this prom stuff.
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Wood Carving Stories , RSS Feeds and Widgets via Feedzilla.
Nice track it just needs that live Bass slaping it up. They gonna like this one its real funky...they will get a nice demo for free.
American Airlines stop allowing such large bags on the plane. If each overhead compartment can only hold 5 bags then don't let more on.
It's interesting to watch all the tools pro golfers use during practice rounds. I've never had any formal training so it's all foreign to me
you are gorgeous
Went to the dance with him. Best Night Of My Life.
Happy birthdayday, Frank O'Hara! "After the first glass of vodka/ you can accept just about anything/of life even your own mysteriousness"
Listen to Pretty cool music!
Tupac R.I.p. #2pac I created alot of art to his music!
State Employment Relations Board has narrow area of review for appeal. That may impact Mayor's decision on Frashour case.
"Quality is your best business plan" and "Pain is temporary, "suck" is forever". collecting good quotes with Michael B. Johnson over at Typo
I'd love to see Celtics-Heat, but I'd also love to see the Heat choke against Indiana. So, go Pacers.
Is the backchannel being stored some how?
since you guys are vampires now, may I ask which one sparkles? o:
Keep a few bad b*tches in my circle
Random Thoughts: What happens if those of us who gave to AIG ask for a refund?
I never got use to being What I used to be
I'm out of shoestrings, and I think my shirt just got unironed
he thinkin negative
Loved watching fan film with tons of other #browncoats at #EC yesterday!
hi alex when ur you coming to my house little sister!!
I want to read a book in the shower
Guitar Player Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
My birthday this month blessed to see 26th
Cankerblossom, TAKES, then Festival Bar
Getting some rest not used to working six days so week
Thank you for the assist in the parent department tonight
I don't lie. I have, however, invented my own language which uses a lot of the same words as English but with somewhat altered meanings.
Tell your girls to stop being so adorable!!
you were right. She's the most beautiful thing I've ever seen! <3
KNOW THAT! Lol
Lala, you even make zero calorie Horchata sound sexy. ; ) We don't have that here in #ABQ. sounds good tho.
Recipe for Meatloaf with Bacon This recipe for meatloaf with bacon is a hearty meatloaf made with ground pork, ground beef and ground vea
Dm me your email so I can send some beats your way
It was great being on the search and display panel with you at the digital summit! Great conversation.
Well, good work. Both the video and the 'do are memorable. ;)
was it comfortable? Lol
don't hate!
My brother is making us watch the Red Bull: No Limit thing instead of the Ball dropping.. I'm in pout mode now..
I meant to give you $5 for gas but I forgot. Next time
A volunteer just told me on the phone that I have a pleasant voice. Odd.
trader joe's where the healthy eaters hang.
Like you, I hate traffic. I'll play SimCity at home. Easier on the taxpayers.
O'Reilly publishes technical books. I have a PDF version of this one about iPhone hacks. The Shriner: A '94 nicknamed "Karp."
In the hours following Ted Kennedy's death, Breitbart called him a "duplicitous bastard", a "prick" & "a special pile of human excrement."
Paige, you're gorgeous,! And you dance at ICON? Ive seen you at bridesburg all the time and never realized! follow back!!(:
we show them on 10pm and daybreak news along with our coverage of Donald Driver on Dancing w the Stars. No prize, just 4 fun!
Our mission is to implement I AM 4 Kids in every public elementary school in the U.S. within five years at NO COST TO THE SCHOOLS.
Nice talk by at #CAM2012 on library access - put image library on flickr and sparked community support/interest
Temple Run.
best of luck to all those at the UMC general conference--big tasks lie ahead for our church.
Mixing the FINAL song.
best fleetwood mac song ever.
Twitter is my first source for breaking news. I'll visit other media outlets if I need/want more detail. I guess I'm in the 9%.
#Caps fans, your reactions to today's coaching decision?
SheaMoí Naturelle™ is pleased to announce that from April 1 to April 14, we are being featured in the Jewelry Fetish media blog!
You should have a concert in Miami boo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Eliminate risk and prospects are more likely to buy. What a concept! How much simpler can selling get?
Nate right?! And lmfao that egg!!!!
Yeah, I'm sure they make lots of sense to the artists... but I'm left searching for meaningful subject headings. :)
R kelly is singing I look to you boy he better sing
Why aren't you cbetting, and if you sensed weakness, why not Crai?
I am realy digging the Canaly linen grey suit
I tell my nephew "Go take a shower stinky!!" He answers "set it up for me fat butt.." Smh
I last saw you 2 play in 82. My 2 fav bands together again! I can't wait!!
gramm thinks the old cartoons are great! The only educational value is don't blow yourself up.
Really need to smoke, anyone wanna join me? <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00AC>
#AskBUNM note to self: "interest layer," not to be confused with gaming, social layers
#Hanson enjoyed the buffet at #DisneyWorld's #CapeMayCafe last night. Maybe you can see them on property today.
ommgg. seriously ?! what the fork ?! i would miss your follow spree ! /:
"Free UW Alumni Association lecture series: 'Seaworthy: A History of Maritime Health & Medicine,'" tonight at 7 p.m.
welcome home
Okk, I'm sorry I have other things going on in my life.. I'm not free 24/7.. Like i just don't get you sometimes.
I swear like every other day I get a mention that you just followed me!
decisions decisions.
Such a heartbreaking story :-(
This #Flyers game is insane...
Thanks! Good to know what the current standard is.
One hour suckers. Try and bring someone
Mental health is everyone's business.
ignoring negative ppl today:)
OH MY GOD
Excited for you to stay connected with our device! Have a safe trip and contact us if you need anything :)
Oh man, I going to cry like a little baby during House next week.
Worked tonight for my exam grade. . . So glad thats over! Congrads to for his award wins!! :D lol #SoProud!
Falk Group announces its editorial tracking service, TrendTracker, expanded to include Social Media component. Info: www.susiesmusings.com
You are one of my top three favorite artists ever. And you're sexy too !
yeah lady get back, so i can pick your brain about some costuming ideas!
what up big bro. I think its time to get the world ready for me....
Listening To Up All Night :) All day, everyday :)
Come experience #sandwichmeinchicago and enjoy some of our delicious dishes and homemade fruit smoothies juices and sodas!!
cant say I disagree with that!!!
Starting tomorrow, I'm going to start up the count down until school is over for me!
RT : Made sure the cast of "Girls" consisted only of princelings.
Hakkostu full face airsoft mask low fog Olive Drab H1-1 eye pieces :)
is there some sort of joke I'm missing?
Thanks for info. Had heard this also. You're having good results so far?
good for you! :)
Sorry I'm a week late, but Kristin Wiig as Lana del Ray is a huge win
Great game keep up the good work!!!!
Nothing like graduation to make one feel like an #obvious underachiever.
My mind is forever blown, amazing first ultra experience. Definitely going next year and going bigger. Thanks <3
National Small Business Week is happening May 20-26...are you doing anything to prepare? Is there anything you want to get out of it?
And how about that art? Harren's work here reminds me of a cross between Fabio Moon and...Stuart Immonen, maybe?
NEW!! 2-3 Day Adult Outward Bound Courses in the Front Range. We hear people always saying they have wanted to do a course...here ya go!
lime tree wanted. lime tree purchased. lime tree planted.
Thanks for the mention. Cheers!
"Gigonomics": the economics of work that is gig to gig. How can higher ed respond? (crickets)
BTW I cry all over you guys and I always seem to run into Katrelle and cry all over her too
Brian, was possibly here. Maybe.
Listening to Days of the New. Curious how they'd be thought of had they stayed together. Bigger than Tantric? More respected than Creed?
wats good...how u living?
Hey 's! I wanna see one of the drag kings perform a Beastie Boys song tonight. RT if you agree!
I've been in 3 years. :)
I would love to audition for your next project! XO J
2 blogs done. Clean house & then on to write poem for workshop
goin two months w/out my laptop was like a crash course in smartphoning, feelin so high tech now
Rachel's challenge almost made me cry :,/
Jordy was robbed.
Thanks to and everyone who came out last night for another great show! We had a blast and hope you did, too!
shid nun much! Still on a job hunt!!...im prayin hard everynight! but the T-House is lookin&soundin real good right about now! smh
AT&T screwed up my bill, fixed it and gave me 6 months free internet...bonus!
I'm good bruh just tryna get it
if you don't know her try a google search. She is an amazing performer and an incredible teacher. Peace and light. :)
Hope everyone is having a great awesome and blessed day! May God bless you and keep you!
I love #thebigbangtheory but have to forward/mute through the scenes with Howard's mom.
#FF cheers , , , , ! Thanks for following and have a great weekend
:)I'm in a good mood lol juss going fed on this hoe
YES! “: Open yourself up to be unscripted. The journey has no end. #AIMSplp #plpnetwork”
last in first out does not bode well!
when is it over?
boy u ghost! #Catchup!
Please stop re-tweeting nasty pictures I got my pastor in here! lol
JUST SMILE AND WAVE BOYS,JUST SMILE AND WAVE.
This will help you get a leg up on your best leads
Get rid of your rainy day blues with a burger from the B!!!! Try our special The Great Pumpkin or DIY
Thanks for RT !
Busy day. Two concerts and a callback. Had a great weekend beach and premiere on Sunday.
“: Planning a Biggie Smalls/Fukushima mash up homage for #6? Thought so.” Yes.
...You're Batman now"
I LOVE MB!
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! I really like your blog, great info & diverse!
How long have you been trading the market?
Hello. Thanks for following me.
I think they call this progress... first grad school student loan payment is due TODAY!
are you as bad at twitter as you are at texting?
Monday #coffee + smiles ladies! G+ Girlfriend hangout sounds fun!
when? And how was your cruise?!
Town hall on drug abuse planned
agreed. I think yelp customers should be required to write 3 positive reviews for each negative one. Too much bashing :(
Today show on the 18th forr Usher!
thank you :)
Al, thank you so much for the compliment. That means a lot to us!
Look, I'm mad also..I took Flash I, II, & I but that was before HTML5 and CSS3 Baby so get over it.
gluck. its not like its one of the best times of your life or anything.... oh wait.
Wallace sounds fantastic!
what's your favorite guitar you're playing these days?
the worst part about dreams is waking up and realizing they arent real
i keep going to say something hilarious. and realize it would be wasted...just like using board games..
Caps-Rangers Prognostication Center
Mother nature.... GO DIE!! So pissed that I won't get to watch the Daytona 500 in person anymore. Heading home soon :'(
Hope you do well!
man whats poppin tonight, just smoke some kush feeling like swaggin out tonight
thanks for the follow! love the food and enjoy the atmosphere! Can't wait to come back for more!
haha, earlier mentioned adopting a new blog platform means you can use the default theme and nobody notices...
re "regular" historians on twitter check the #twitterstorian hashtag.
NYC Mobile Adventurer Free!!! Answering Questions & Helping You Navigate NYC Gallery Essentials!!!
Criticism is prejudice made plausible.
heck yes! I'm thinking this is one of the best summer movie releases in awhile
good luck today and on your book. "give me liberty or forgive my debts"! d'état
I'm stackin money to the ceilin
a sign of the impending apocalypse- i just bought a music stand.
looks great on mobile and either would look good in red. I wish I could've watched the game today, but work wouldnt allow it.
#GoldenCorral - Never Ever Ever Again. EVER.
has been twittering way more than kenny
Just bought loads of healthy food, only to eat ramen noodles!
follow follow back bc i am following you
I wish, can't eat until 12...
Brilliant marketing: you can buy Sephora gift cards at Lowes. I'll be sure knows. :)
me: "please dont talk to anyone but me!" harry: "youre the only girl i want in my life anyway!"
Checking the calendar and wondering when I'll get a completely lazy weekend. Wishing for sweats, movies, take out from Friday - Sunday..
CodeMeet sounds cool. A realtime coding collaboration tool using video chat.
y is it tht flowers r bombarded 4 mothers day.. WTF is tht the only thing ppl think moms want.... come on be creative
Damn did something jump off today on 69th. 4 officers here look like they got itchy trigger fingers. Of course I'm dressed the part
We are only 51 Days away from our 2012 Walk!!!Sign up today !
A BIG #SUMO shout out to all you HARD WORKERS!! Keep doing what you're doing! It pays off...
•...ability to act any time in 194 countries of this planet.
What's with 's Elvis hair!? I love it! I wanna run my fingers threw, and pull on it!
That last one should come with a warning: You will eventually spend all your money on their tweeted sales :(
I'm on a Money Making Mission
Why not? At Mad Planet again. Unfortunately "The Get Down" is over
make some homemade #pasta and your whole day will improve...
Would this be the same one that's our dear POTUS' COS? That one?
Eighty percent of success is showing up.
Love so much Guys thanks for follow me ! :D
Um To all the dodo's out there Rue is half-white half-black so doesn't that mean we all win? #HungerGames hello Danish Dad and AA Mom!
haha i know you did and it wasn't weird! and i do love outgoing people! :)
Currently listening to: "Knife" Sotelo - Wut It Do Part 2 ft. X-Raided's Mr. Lil Man
chin up gurl!
The NL is just 3 outs away from back-to-back victories!
Go Cats!
Happy Mother's Day mommy! I Love You<3 Hope you're enjoying that massage while i'm stuck at a soccer game lol
"Coding is the literacy of the future." -NYU Prof of Computer Science
Thats fine too! :) RT : I really prefer using Taxi Magic. It "just works" in a way that makes sense to me.
fun right?
Meet USA Basketball Legend #ChrisMullen before the game this Friday at 5:30! All thanks to
where you guys headed to?
I just want 2 tell a lot of people bish MYOB !
Committeeman Cleveland addressing the Convention's #Chicago #Republican Mtg. "Adapt message to Urbanites."
SOMEONE ATE THE SCONE THAT'S BEEN IN MY DRAWER FOR OVER THREE MONTHS!!!!!!
compared to the pitbull we have now? hell yeah RT : You never hear anybody say "I miss the old Pitbull"
omg! I woke up. & wondering WTH? Too..haha:-)
MacBook piggy bank is growing:)
damn srry I feel bad
Can't stand the Packers they are just showing off!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RT : Niggas out here having great relationships with they real fathers smh
On a side note. Ppl whos lic plate say what car there in are stupid. ie "viper" skyy"stang" ect...
Its Your Time to rise above todays bumps in the road. You are closer to success than you think. Billy Cox
Despite his lyricism, or maybe because of it, Mendelssohn's choral music is hard on the voice.
PORK: Garden has all the ingredients for dinner - Rapid City Journal
follow me
can u make me one
#thatawkwardmoment When you're waiting for you family after church and all you have to do is tweet.
Love my
Oh good grief.
we can help you with Social Media/Email Marketing/ Mobile Marketing. Engage your current base and find new customers.
Best of luck tomorrow at #VGA! Remember: You are a winner no matter what. I'll be watching with my fingers crossed!
cocktail waitress. Making bank rolls bahaha
First show of the 2012 #ZOOAMP concert series! , Styx and ON May 11th!
Hello and welcome to the official Twitter page for The San Diego Historic Class-1 Streetcars! Come here for regular updates on our progress!
So jealous! Enjoy your trip.
Freezing tonight! Off to sleep.. sweet dreams xoxo
Hey ! man i love your music, your amazing, keep it up! please retweet me it would be great! !
Mike Lonergan is on their radar.
Only thng I'm willing to commit to now is Benjamin Franklin :)'$$$
when you coming out to buffalo
Hyped 4 rehearsal today w/ & ...
"...at home with a special light bulb and a shopping bag for life." Combating climate change with Steve Hughes.
I wish my children understood I function best on 12 hours of sleep, not 3.
On my way to San Marcos for Rivercity Chamber mixer and to visit my brothers.
thats a good one, as long as my foot doesn't fall off then we are good
Our amazing mussels RT : What's cooking today?
college counselor called me today. Its becoming so real. Can't wait for college
Very true, not even if he ran his entire administration like an episode of "The Office" would it be alright..
click the link on my profile let me know wat u think
and im done with
Thanks for asking, but unfortunately we don't have any scholarships available. Wish we could!
Still working
Snow Ice Cream! Great memory. Thanks Jessica.
I'm selling my Friday and Saturday Lollapalooza passes if anyone wanted to go and can't because those dates sold out (Aug 3-4).
Hey #UPEIAN105 I understand. Too early in the exam schedule creates panic, too late leaves u toasted. We need the sweet spot.
#Reiki music is lovely!
sealed it over sorry.
S/o to for giving me the most inspirational talk last night. He always knows the right thing to say, & he means a lot me.
Frustrating how low the dollar has gone against other currencies. Hopefully the tourism revenue will go up this summer in response.
I should be used to this stuff I do it all the time :p
Day 3 rehearsal with
like what school silly.
Staring at Syd and Kokey eating ;)
A bird just shit on windshield. He leaned out his window and tried to wipe it off with his hands?
We are blessed!
no I just need you to come here so we can have fun all over cali!!! <3
Yeah that'd be cool man!
They don't do much these days. Most stuff sits streaming subbed only, and they release only Pokemon, Bleach, and Naruto Shippuden on DVD.
The Apple Core
We hope you had a wonderful Mother's Day! Remember, you can use our gift cards for any of our products or services!
I was proud of myself when I tried V8 and liked it. Yay healthy! I just took my first sip of V8 low sodium. It takes like a rusty tin can.
looking for items for our women's luncheon silent auction on Sept. 30. If you have something you'd like to donate, email !
“: Before every big victory, there is almost always a thinning of the ranks. We win with the committed!”
sorry we responded so late :)
Haha YOUR WELCOME :D
Why, you want to be broke too? RT Acting is me being interested in what it would be like to be you.
Yes! Thanks! I submitted my app this morning!
please email us at so we can help you get the app running!
New This Week | Five jobs and one online learning opportunity. Check them out on the Programming Librarian homepage!
Hey now “: "My passions overtake my morals on a daily basis...it's called living life to the fullest."”
Yes! Full moon baby!
Last solo wedding of the year tonight. Honestly relieved. It's been a very intense year for me & wedding photography.
Look fwd to having students from Tha House in Lawndale join us tonight for our Launch Party. Are you coming?
Try our Rise & Shine Mix - a scrumptious assortment of our breakfast pastries & coffee cakes including cinnamon rolls & scones!
How amazing was ?!?! We must schedule a Round 2 soon. xo
Happy Easter Tweeps!
I listen to the whole pink friday roman reloaded everyday... my favorite song: gunshot feat beenie man
going to CDs crib to work on some hooks n lyrics on some dope a$$ tracks created by DJ KMT. Gonna be in the studio Saturday Night..!! Word.
Spent last day of SB in the hospital, with dad, listening to Eugene Peterson & Wendell Berry lectures. Couldnt have asked for a better day.
Thanks for the great SO!
Today marks the first time I've ever used a smoker. Hoping not to burn down my house too much.
Definitely not, on both counts.
“: Hope my scripts were somewhat coherent and ! Working off no sleep! #NBC7” thx for pinch-hitting! !!!!
don't even. Haha
ReStore recycles home improvement goods in Siouxland - Sioux City Journal
Text me when you get off tonight?
the humidity doesn't bother me what so ever
did she sit on a coconut?
Want free lunch next Wed at Ban Thai on Charles St? Email for your voucher.
follow she loves you too death+she would be buzzing if she was your first follower+if not she will end up like stan.3
My dad just told me he doesn't use headphones he walks the dog and blasts beats w his smartphone speaker
I assure you you're good enough. you're a great singer.
I don;t know wat to do anymore..i need someones help...but i cant go to my bro for help...
So bored at restaurant work, so, teaching my co-worker, Jackie, my latest parody song. #comedy She's throwin her hands in the air ...
sorry that it #wasntthesame, but i will be there tomorrow afternoon for your Cream City drink needs!
I do too. Although you know what you can come up to Seattle on July 28 2013 b/c they're doing a concert here. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
oh how I want a heather vermilion milkshake
done, i think. ha. I'm a little new to this tweetering world
ive lost count on beer runs.
She looks fun, she can join
Damn what a week. Glad it's over.
It's been a long time coming so it better not end with me asking a hundred questions lol
Goin bac too bed now the bs is pointless
i showed my mom that crop corset top from american eagle and she goes "where is the rest of it?" PMSL. HAHAHAHA.
This is not gonna be my day these back pains are killing me!!
Sadly, not as far as I'm aware. Needed to ramp up the sarcasm on that one. My bad, my bad.
And Graham makes it look easy!
Advice from Dad: If you don’t know, say so. If you don’t know what you’re talking about, stop talking.
who are my to judge you on the past girl?
Hell yes. RT : Just remembered that, yes indeed, Hello Nasty was probably the best album of the 90s.
Would like to participate in #THATCamp#SE this weekend. Recently arrived in Atlanta, work in DH, trying to connect...
yeah..... Bur probably like ALOT will in the future... Alot MORE
Good ole 71. =)
runnin from the law this easter morning!
this thursday
Yes the beautiful Stefano RT : Look who's following you??? Awesome!!
say what you like about the deaf...
Kid can get bitches with a window
she'll just buy more
What a call!!!!
Wrong turn 3 is such a terrible movie
I'll know who to blame!!
It's that end of summer camp feeling. At least with camp I'd be tan instead of covered in stage-fall bruises... Nah, the bruises are better.
I'm beginning to forget him when i'm getting closer to you. But there are days when it all comes back.
Yess this movie is over
Breakfast at ABX has begun! A Smoke House Sandwhich with jalepeno-cheese sausage is in order!
": SHUT UP! I love mariachi bands!!" You just really love Brown... Yep, I know you
Brrrr, I think we brought the cold weather with us from Ohio :-0
This lady just dropped $21,000 in Tiffany and Co.
Thanks to all of the KILLER kudos we received at the benefit today! We were PROUD to play for GREAT people for a GREAT cause!!!
yes and it creates sharable mobile friendly landing pages for certain types of links and lets you change the URL if necessary.
Ultraviolet USB Cable also recognized by as being the BEST USB cable, "leagues ahead of its competitors". A must digital audition
I wonder if Doc Emerick screams like that when he ejaculates. #aSHHHHOTTTT!
Thankful for the prayers, my son is finally eating again. : )
Yes. If another Americans appears, we won't see it on Lens Blog or Burn. Not first, anyway. It will come out of another scene.
hey wassup? Its been.forever!
“: #Aries is in search of unwalked paths”
#TGIF & blessed 2 b up this day...thank u God! Gettin ready 4 work, hoping 2day flies by!! Need some relaxation. Everybody have a good one!
Throw a "mitchapalooza" he'll bring his green hat #oldschool Today he's at ESPN on a show I usually anchor and I'm off."
Creation Screening and Panel Discussion (Sean B. Carroll, et al) was great last eve. House was PACKED. Zimmer crushed it.
is threatening to make me giggle throughout the 6 pm newscast.
Advice taken. :)
Love the support from my colleagues. It's a great place to spend most of my day.
First time at Atwater Village Theatre new space, nipping music, great vibe for new work. Michetti directs Jacobson's new play. Psyched!
#OccupyAustin at #SXSW reading #UnitedGA :: #monsanto should be subject to corporate death penality, make them an example ::
Ed helms!!! YES! XD
Cool service, though. Should be easy enough for them to tweak? 10ft isn't that much for Seattle
Got Dallas Maverick tickets tonite courtesy of a good friend. Mavs-Thunder should be a good one
happy #pi day!
Im home now
except Sendak's books were published, and marketted, as children's books. That one grows up, dies not usually mean outgrowing
I don't call It SWAG , I call it Swavey !! #Swavey got that from Ramiro M.
The key to success is, and has always been, to kill your way up.
you promise!
Omg, I'ma fucking pop one of these egyptian bitches if they keep screaming to eachother like they not standing 2ft away!!!!
Egg salad on a bed of baby spinach with grape tomatoes :-)
Rodgers picks up a quick break in the second to take a 2-1 lead. Boomgarden looks dazed right now.
it would totally suck i cant imagine life without technology
thanks for the follow I am looking forward to coming to the opening on Thursday
Oh, the words I've twitter searched (mainly words that describe genitalia or sex acts).
What's your take on the Hunger Games? Read the books? Seen the movie? They're both amazing! c:
I seriously just want to leave.
Happy Bday to my brother and fellow Bartenda
that's awesome. if you take pictures for your own sake, you can be more creative. don't have to follow any standards...
You'd think eventually Ozzie will quit telling his players to try and steal...
went to drop-in derby yesterday for RMRG (LOVE!! and didn't fall down, whew)... the day after new hard core yoga. Sore in odd muscles today.
I hear Scags' voice shouting at me to get to work. She would rather be writing a letter right now. Do U know what I mean?
#PeopleThatCanMakeMyDay and and
right what???
shut up bye
Got a new ipad yesterday. Wondering about great apps. What do you use?
that ghost is adorable. Seriously. Cutest dead thing I've seen all day.
Talk back time.
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Bernice Cannistraci! Wishing you the best!
i msgd you.
got it sorted out. Thanks though.
#InCaseYouDidntKnow i really dont give a fuck what you think about me !
Jealous. Yum. Amazing!! (@ Hot & Hot Fish Club) 4sq.com/rMeElq
If her head spins around, all I have to say is I told you so. All that dropping her voice & whatnot...
who doesn't have the People magazine? if you don't you need to get it. like now. right now. NOW.
of course... you're one of our favorites!
I don't completely hate her. is always sweet to everyone. She's very respectful to many fans. #MuchLove <U+2665>
RT : The only time I'd let Lebron take the last shot is if I've already had 12.
love it!!!
Thanks so much! =)
Wow Congrats on the promotion (which it sounds like u've received) good luck! SF will miss u. Glad 2 hear u'll still b on N.N.
“Pull my hair” hahahahahahahaahahhahahahaha I freaking love you<U+2764><U+270C>
Hey guys:D My Friend needs followers!! Shes Amazing,Super nice,and fun to talk to! All u need to do is click the follow button
Vancouver, BC gorgeous in spring....heading down to San Fran Weds- Frid..any good wine tastings I should attend Weds afternoon in bay area?
A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice. - Bill Cosby
Mollie, he is crazy. ;)
Quality is spotty... was looking for a good showcase project. Thank you.
#SometimesIWonder what the hell is wrong with these fools!!
ARE YOU SAYING YOU'RE COCAINE
Really hoping the weather stays this beautiful all weekend :)
Thanks for the nice mention!
": Carriage horse breaks leg in fall report - Horsetalk pulled the story ...
Ok i just dropped my phone on my face im going to bed. night yall (: <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Weeds Actress & Musician extraordinaire Israeli star GORGEOUS on Glam Red cart promoting her new song Yummy Boyz
Ayo should release a beat tape. Just for kicks.
#MarkLogic runs in large data centers down to disconnected edge nodes.
Congrats on the LA Business Journal story ladies!
Did you subscribe for the #deal then? ;) RT : BEST STORE EVER!! that's all I have to say.....good day. I SAID GOOD DAY! :)
Thanks to All Saints and their leadership on this!
true, but that came with pizza ;)
What do you feel is your most attractive physical feature?
did a great job organizing #sfopen event yesterday!
Haha I love that sketch! :) And now it's time for the penguins on top I your tv to explode!
Brr... It's getting a little chilly out there....Come in to Hollywood Tans and warm up in our booths and keep your summer glow :)
Just wanna leave.
What do YOU put on burger? RT dude, ketchup on a burger?
did her thing sharing the jewels from the lecture. Thank you!
- Just so you know, I sold you the Monte for your Mom for the BK unveiling
Even the sun sets in Paradise.
We know a few people who used to write for the Standard-Examiner, so naturally we had to follow you :) Thanks for the add!
At work bored than a bitch, was gone do some ot, not tonight...
MT! “: Checking in at the #AAPDgala tonight! Thanks to for sponsoring and for the hospitality!”
This Thursday at 10pm on NBC is my episode of "Awake" and everybody should watch! Yay!
well... He knew the rules when he accepted his scholarship. If he didn't, that's on him.
Use an IM widget on your 404 pages to direct users to YOU.
Oh my:) hehehe we like the cupcake parts;) I like american, british and australian ones<3 aww yeahh!
Never lie to someone who trust you. And never trust someone who lies to you.
Oh I already tweeted that
Jeff fisher is the most overrated HC in NFL history
Usability lab, hour 6. home stretch.
There is nothing that you need in order to be perfectly happy
is it true?!
Gong to taco bell <333!!
Thanks for all you do!
I didn't think you leaving would be so hard on me. How wrong I was, it's amazing.
just sent a wave of hats out.. love gettin' that locals discount at UPS
pssshhh totally has better hair!
that's cool whenever u get a chance, I appreciate it :)
Watching this Fall Out Boy concert on tv. They'll always be #1 in my book.
Get a job, Otis!
#ThingsThatILike Thumping #DuhVille in the Final Four
Not at all disappointed to be in this position either. It's 100% out of my control.
yes yes
How is your trip? You home yet?
CNN needs to cover the real story here, which is me: Ol' Floppy Arms, Chicago's next Mayor! Write me in!
Lee Elia says you can kiss his ass downtown and POST IT!
Thanks for the great presentation about the new facebook time line for business/fan pages !
Spaceo de Mayo at Tonic Room tonight. featuring Scott and Travis on Saxes. Be there.
What? Labor violations at factories?? No way. RT : Labor violations uncovered at iPad factories
That is so true Oprah.
We are so excited! Thx for supporting! RT : 16th Annual Hot List from Best Hotels,...
Yo If I Send U Some Of Our Shirts Will U Rock Them? Just Tryin To Get My Name Out..
Welcome to the second round,
please follow me <3 I love you
To you should do that on your 21st birthday that would be way more funny
great question!
if you can work the tab-completion into the language model, should be easier to do bash. Seems like a linear mixture might be enough.
Im cold
THIS IS FOR REALS: free burgers at the new Division store, Sunday 4-8pm! open for regular hours Monday!! yaw!
#NowPlaying: All By Myself by
But seriously. Roll me a blunt.
It's hot so I'm just gonna shower for a couple of hours and then go to bed.
Headed to Atlanta and then on to Orlando for CLA conference with but first, time for some little league baseball practice!
Lies. Lies. Lies. I haven't been on twitter & when I just got on here shit was RT .. weak shit @ that!
So it would probably be counterproductive if I told you Link's Awakening is better and pestered you to play that, huh?
Technology is an amazing, wonderful, beautiful, rather insulting statement about humanity.
Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks by has a YA ed. only for Kindle. I'd love to use for multigenre proj. w bio and ss.
DONT LOSE IT PENS!! U got to stay inn itt!!!! Ah
d hood! What's up lol
how was the vow?
“: I get penetrated once a day #serrioz”
Work hard play hard
Upt my bad <U+263A>
*giggles in satisfaction* Hope you weren't late!
Doing drivers ed
You guys we need to be at Duffys!
Shoe shopping is jerking off for ladies.
Thanks, Ryan! I'm planning on it.
be careful (:
It's National Haiku Poetry Day, so we have one for you. A haiku for you, Because we wanted to say, Happy Holiday!
FIU and Marshall are scoreless at the half
Today's commute to work was highlighted by the Talking Heads' "Psycho Killer". - Qu'est-ce que c'est
Confrence Went Well, Ima Miss My Team Next Year..
I hate* smelling like Subway...
With Drizew at Clear Bar
"your heart is raisin-shaped." I prefer to think I'm smarter than falling in love, so raisin-shaped it is!
For sure! If you don't mind a late dinner, you can pick the night! Just gimme a call when you're back!
:) andd text me! bc i need to know as soon as possiable!
Life's on hold... Just for you.<3
One of them we already have, the other we will never have.
RT : Suck on that, Kochs, Kasich, Walker, Christie, Scott. We're coming for you.
wtf is going on cause some bitch is saying stuff
70p for a Newark advertiser! What a bargain
No Hitter gone! shut out gone!
In studio with working on remix of her song "rodeo" sounds amazing! Sick track by He is the man for a remix!
Glad to get my IA heuristics poster today
Born to love Lady Gaga :)
Sour plums <U+E106><U+E106><U+E106>
you'll have to let me ogle it in vt.
I'm not talking about performance. I'm talking about team character and fan support.
Just had a coffee break with Wayne Coyne of the Flaming Lips. Well, *near* Wayne. But that's good 'nuff for me!
I know, I was being sarcastic. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
i think #chasingthesun comes out tomorrow! #excite !!! :)
is now joining Facebook and selling out all their users
,"Cincinnati's favorite brand of primary-colored garage pop since 2006",brings their soothing melodies to Feb.10th.
aaahhhh HILARIOUS!!! But nobody does it like CJ lol
wouldnt blame it on him when we had no puck possession.
Hey everyone! My twitter handle is now - I'll be tweeting about attagirl, Hazel & Haverly, AND my new men's line from here!
oh yeah I did his hw (don't ask y) nd now he's oh no nrvm I did it aready -,-
busted condoms
Yo we have to throw down some hoops when ya come to play out this way in June.
yes, can't they call off work tomorrow? aren't we important enough?
getting demoted?
waiting for verdict like everyone else. Might as well grab a bite to eat. We'll know something by tomorrow. Guilty?
other than a mountain of paperwork after lunch then gym, I'm seeing my cub who's moving to China in a week, stocking up on memories
Save the Date! SWOP-Chicago is planning a fundraiser on Thursday, June 14 at beauty bar! Details coming very soon...
Quite honestly I kept thinking, OMG I am in the Mitt Romney crowd.
Meeting with a new agent this weekend. Jake's fortune cookie might have been right.
my soul to take
star wars and daughters is a better combo than pb Nd chocolate.
great start to #HealthIT Summit here at Harvard Club - cool opening talk by ; now Steve Weaver of
u sure lol
My feet are on fire.
it's a form of "Self-Hate"
Pat's Run today, 4.2 mile run honoring Pat Tillman. Almost 28,000 runners. Fifth time doing this race and set a personal record by 40 sec.
The team wishes everyone in the #yyc a Happy Thanksgiving.
I think Judy Blume has been mentioned in every YA panel I have attended this conference.
can we trade dads?! Tell your pops (who I clearly respect) that I owe him a Cuban cigar
Why are people not talking?!?
The reason we live is to live with reason.
subtweeting isn't cool y'all...
because they can donate unlimited money to the party.
Now it gets interesting! RT WHOAH - RT : Just announced - Milwaukee school district closed. Crowds keep growing.
It was an honor to have you! And you are ALWAYS welcome. :)
Watching "The Contenders:Wendell Willkie" on CSPAN from last night. One of the commentators my old dissertation adv. Prof. Jim Madison of IU
Loving the Artie Lang show on , really entertaining!
Who is the real Leslie Knope? A Maoist? Bobby Newport is the man to trust, Pawnee. Paid for by Sweetums Candy Co
I love going to church an hearing the word of God(: tonight's service was great!
Go Sounders!
me too son!!
Q Orange #wines R on 's #wine list-what's paired best w & how do ur #Sommeliers sell that 2 guests?
an idea we were pitching around the table : a paper on mechanical turk, written one sentence at a time using mechanical turk
Congrats! RT : And just like that, over 200 tickets already sold to on June 5th. Only 97 tickets left
Wednesday is getting people pregnant worldwide ": is that a national thing?"
so proud of you!!!
Cool thanks. I'm still working on the video. I'll let you know when it goes up.
RT Twitter: the only place where you get excited when stranger follows you...
i think it's called David Beckham RT : Is there such a thing as Fantasy Soccer?
What are your suggestions? re the Men of calendar?
When we begin to see the living world with luminous eyes; our perception of the world changes
follow back <U+2665>
RT : RT : Half Of The Chicks That Be Claiming That They Cute Don't Be
haha you love the Good Luck Joes :)
New favorite band is after seeing them at
I used to be bummed if I lost 10 solitaire games in a row. Now I'm bummed if I get 20 or 30 boring stumbleupons in a row.
just wanted to say it was great seeing you in Baltimore tonite! Your lyrics and stories seem so real to me! Awesome
Playing red, white and Bluezz tonight with great bassist, John B. Williams! 6:30.
"Nothing worth knowing can be taught"
#dsoc #sla2011 Jennifer Darragh speaking on Sources of Polling Data- pros & cons. Gallup Brain is one.
yea i heard it
Eric Church, Eli Young band, Joe nichols. June first, coca cola field. Make sure you get field tickets that's the real party
oh, have fun. They have one of my favorite rollercoasters!
I want to! lol
Oh yummy desserts. None for me. Not yet. Bean cake in my future. :)
either way I'm glad I'm up watching.
Hope Chef Gordon will be joining us for the Chefs Hall of Fame-Baker's Dozen photo shoot on Monday!
awww well don't worry booboo this week will go by fast!
dude, put down your smart phone and pick up a book...
another round of all out edit warfare and planning. This week has the promise of so much getting accomplished.
Sleepless in Portland... (Phone call from my manager informing me Las Vegas reporter coming to PDX on Friday All about sweeps
I NEED TO KNOW. They've kept us waiting long enough xD
It's Central's prom today. Thinking of my kids. Hoping they have a great time and stay safe!
such a pausy tweet
Great show last night at max's place with Davy Kay sparrow! Now off to Indy to play with the Brent Wallarab sextet!
Well done, sir. I'd been waiting for someone to make that legal point.
What an awesome message in church today....I AM A SURVIVOR!!!!
Ah. I guess I didn't get the memo that you were going on vacation.
Taking a quick break from report cards, promotion/retention, stipends, etc.
Your website shows the deadline as June 1st. I'm confused. What's today's deadline?
automated, targeted emails get a 49% increase in open rates
Detroit gets the son / Next nine years to extend large / Fielder legacy
oh... avatar
Ready! RT whos ready for round 2 on #NextIronChef? Will be tweeting live thru out the show at 9 PM EST. Stay tuned!
Missed hot tub time tonight. Well, we could've gone but there were..."other people."
Interesting that Valdes was the choice over Perez. Shows how little face the Mets have in Perez to simply provide five innings.
Bak on the road
Have any questions for Ms. Saldana?
A walk able city allows you two things: improvisation and discovery. Those don't happen at 45 mph
Touchdown Arkansas :D
#oomf is a douche
Why fit in when you were born to stand out? x
omg i just realized i spent over 100 in victoria secret last week when i went now i cant buy nothing from their till next week -.-
There are many reasons I want to see the #Gators do well this season, but one reason is 's health. Dude needs some1 2 win.
Those brands are doing an excellent job! Ive seen items repinned quite a bit. Starbucks needs 2 get on & target my generation
I'd like to ask Damone the secret behind awesomely arched eyebrows!
congrats! looking forward to your next chapter
.@ hoyasuxa You get the experience of the game before, during, and after the game.
Some slang needs to be revived
My sisters send me Starburst jelly beans (my fav) in the mail :D i'm a lucky guy. i miss them like crazy every day, for real
Whats good bro! Holla at Mr. "Way I Be Leanin" ! lol Need ya info bro so I can send ya this Jump Off!
Really? Must I say it again? Don't talk on your phone on the toilet. Especially at work.
I think Barnes is more loul deng than Paul pierce. Really good player but upside not quite paul pierce high.
It's pretty amazing :) We're working in school libraries in Cuzco, and then this weekend we're headed to Machu Picchu!
Let's start today
great time the other night man. Thanks for having us on your show..
If you haven't seen Las Vegas in the last few years, you haven't seen Las Vegas! Great package deals, unheard of prices. www.FreeXpedia.com
"In A Man's World" my first project coming soon!Im ready Im like a caged animal that's been let loose!lil help ill be gd
": When says he'll text me at 6, and never does <"Omg I'm so sorry! My phone died at the gym and I forgot!
great dane ill be watching!!!
I'm calling the Sriracha people tomorrow, this is gonna change our lives.
what are Tony Mueller's chances of making the majors?
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Buy your book !!!!!!
next you're going to tell me to add Will Smith O_o
i swear my school is haunted : /
same here dude. Just working
when im up this early i listen to cmt. #countrymusic <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
"Are you that company that images the whole shirt?" Yeap...that's us!! - We do it BIG or not at all! Live Exclusive!
You guyz just made my day bc i didnt actually think tht you were gonna see me tweet. :D I FEEL So happy lol <3
About to fall asleep at this registerr !
Looking forward to attending awards this evening and meeting Maryland's entrepreneurs & innovators
positive vibes to all tweeps
And the legend continues... tonight at 7
Hi from a school library in Los Angeles!
What era had the best #music 60's 70's 80's 90's 00's 10's or happening right now?
Enjoyed our first info session? Come join us for Speed Interviews at Talbert 107 at 6pm!
i miss u step
RT : It's not a party until your entire agency gets kicked out of Benihana. Tangent: I think I passed a live dragon this a.m.
I can't quite remember yet also haven't forgotten, fr rdg 25 yrs ago, that passage about walking & walking & getting nowhere
You're so beautiful to me !!
hey I will call u in a bit. I am at speech night!!
your bitch ass doesn't answer the phone
I don't really like hendricks
I see. Admirable, still think you're a year early. But you're right in that playoffs are unpredictable. Especially in the NL.
#1DLikesBigBums Oh my God Louis, look at her butt.
This summer is gonna be full of sex!!!
Having a great time! :)
Why am I so awkward.
DAILY TIP: A profit is a profit. Treat your profits like profit and enjoy. No use crying over lost hands. Stay positive and look forward.
I love u too sis!
U r so beautiful!!!
Guilt is a prison, forgiveness releases not only the prisoner, but all those who have been affected by ones guilt.
Ah - that's an excuse...you just don't feel like being a guinea pig, right? you are probably right.
I wanna thank all those who made last night happen. all had a great time & now the owners are looking to do it again!
i got my own spot in atl
Gary Trudeau~ Ive been trying for some time to develop a lifestyle that doesn't require my presence.
Did I really just get invited to a Halloween party on Facebook in April?
Getting ready to start 1set @ Porcelli's Ristorante & Bar
Wishing my NYC travelers, and , a fabulous day in the big city! Seattle misses you!
Thanks Twyla, you're a rather fantastic person yourself :)
,the big pix on 99 wks.ext. is Who gets the all 99, why do some get 99 & some don't Bias??
The Giving Tree was always my favorite book when I was little.
girl...it's over for Teddy
Ok, I must have known he was sick.
Berry booster from alterra thank you for getting me going today!
posed by the development of international capitalism in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, and more specifically
"Transparency." A key term that keeps popping up in all the discussions.
Say hello to Suffolk Uni's newest adjunct professor: our Jessica Manganello (). Law for entrepreneurs, spring. Congrats, Jess!
Jered Weaver just threw a no-hitter, wow!
I am t the Yankee Candle flagship store in Deerfield, Mass. Apparently I've turned 80.
sounds like a plan!
Our first performance of the year will be at Welcome Lunch, 8/29! Can't wait to meet you in 2 weeks, 2015 Hoyas! /yd
Mom's assisted liv facility, I've developed crushes on the men over 80 :-)
Just had a strange thing happen when using an ebook link from Gale. Opened 2 different pages. Finally worked after clicking link 3x
Yes! I hate it.
Can't wait till you're here!
It just feels really good outside today!
Great to have you on board Emily =)
Keep BASE Camp Rocking, donate today! Simply text BCROCKS followed by a space and the amount you wish to donate to the number 27138
What a nasty day.:/
im hungry! :)
Ben: Kacie B's brought a marching band. Translation: I like the way she handles a baton.
me ._. but whatever
do I even know you?
1 more crappy thing about EPA's portfolio manager - can't google for problems without dealing with loads of pages with bad investment advice
k dude!
Follow and you will find out why I'm making all these orders with You will love them both!
Watching and listening to LMFAO is torture
wings & fries from bw3
Thx for all the support! Have a great New Year! A dream you dream alone is just a dream. A dream you dream together is reality ~ John Lennon
Baconfest was a lot of fun. I don't think I can top my bacondress for Baconfest.
It's National Plan A Vacation Week. View my website for great travel specials. Contact me for a quote. Let's get that...
the point is that Creighton never should have needed a buzzer beater... Just makes them look like weaker program than they are
24 Make-Up Hours!
let's change that!
In to deep like Mekhi Phif.
at least when you done rappin you may own woodlawn!
Fuckin Cock Roaches....
Hey there!!!!
Here's another shot to hoping she'll force feed me her vag!
I am im writing a play for school
We are OPEN, come check us out! We're in the Point Loma Plaza, near Sports Chalet. Treat yourself to 15 minutes of pure relaxation...ahh...
Been on since 12:30 AM
1) Old/New Richmond is a false dichotomy 2) How does #rva attract non civil waw tourists? 3) we need a REAL sports team
I think I am honestly going crazy.
Its my brother bday!!
doesn't want to get off the sofa. NO you can't make me!! Stop!! Kidnapper!!! Want to be more on my internets in front of comfy telly!!!
For those observing Lent, we are offering a Tuna Fish Sandwich & also a Veggie Sandwich!
Got home late from doing errands & spaced dinner trying for bedtime! #badparenting, I know! Wake her up or let her sleep?
Headshot Tip: Do not share your session with strangers booked at the same time. That's absolutely ridiculous...don't get suckered!
isn't that kind of pointless?
And thank you right back to you :) Happy Easter!
"TRUTH CAN STRIKE DOWN THE SPECTRE OF FEAR."
go to bed.
hahahahaha........... When I saw the word Shell, I thought u where talking abt me. :P :D
Jermaine had to have won now.
So the Dems want to go into the elections of 2012 having defended Weiner? Sounds like a winning strategy along with high unemployment.
Hope stirs the inner being to keep on keeping on, especially when things get toughest
Finally brothers whatever is true, honorable, just, pure, lovely, of good report; if there be any virtue and praise think on these thing ...
Skiffle Minstrels playing Lindy Fix live at 8:30 tonight at PCH! Beginner's lesson at 8 with Mark and Arlette, DJ Nate for the breaks!
"these are my penguin hands"
BattleShip with Charlene &
was awesome! I just can't stop thinking about it! :)
Happy Easter to all you Tweethearts out there! Have a lovely day! xoxo
you should work at subway when ur older. Tht way, u can eat subs whenever you want!(: hehee
IGONNAKILLYOU!!! Arrrgghhhh spoiler alert! oh well. YAYA If fifi le pew won I was gonna quit Rupaul FOREVER.
LOL it was for ELA. We have to do this blog thing for our poetry. It's the most pointless thing ever
happy to!
We will finally get back to work tomorrow! First day of fall practice in the a.m.
Did you see the DM's (:
I'm legit crying.. He didn't deserve to go home..
thank YOU! we have more music coming very soon!!!
Read about "Inequality of epidemiology" or go hiking with the friends? Yep, hiking sounds so much more appealing.
Four more days til my Birthday !
The Works moving to 107.3 on the FM dial in a matter of minutes. Same music, on-air staff, etc. The only thing changing is the frequency!
BandWagon is parked in the hood and people keep walking by looking into the open door looking so confused hahaha
Hey man
Will do. I am reasonably familiar with the product having chatted to a couple of huddlers before
God help Joe if he ever figured out how to look at his mentions feed
bored to deathh
Don't playy with my emotions..or i'll play with yourr facee
Ryan Leslie is my dude! #GreatR&BMusic
630 on a Friday in Dupont and not a single available within 20 minutes?
Startin to see why Melo only been out the first round once...
"Copy the Democrat's political tactics. The Republicans are like accountants." David Horowitz at Ramona Tea Party
Operation Bullshit is a success.
And because ye are sons, God hath sent forth the Spirit of His Son into your hearts, crying, Abba, Father. Galatians 4:6
what's up
lol, oh yes.
One More Day of Teaching!
of course it is. It's a bummer though...
Instead of using itunes Radio, I downloaded the playlist from wmse.org and now it works fine. Thanks!
No one cares what you know, unless they know that you care. ~~ Author Unknown
think you got hacked, buddy. got a weird DM from you yesterday, as well as last week :/
no cuz that's all one team u wasn't talkin all this heat shit before the playoffs once
glad you feel the same!With that said please give me credit for the tweets you've copied & pasted from my page, thanks in advance.
and me was just like what's that smell and looked over "Oh" lmao
hey like ur work
yes you can. 4 access points, 10mbit synchronous. No half-steppin. So to speak.
"But I have promises to keep, And miles to go before I sleep"
True You Been Over Around The 3rd
I like the word hussies
Party at my crib this afternoon! You all should come. Don`t bring your kids, this is grown up stuff ova`here.
DRUG TEST TO GET WELFARE WTF... WHERE AM I GONNA BUY FOODSTAMPS FROM IF ALL THE JUNKIES LOSE THEIR BENEFITS... FML
Everyone go follow (:
I wanna give you that good lovin that you deserve...
Follow me
Thank you for snacks at ! With obv. :)
Thrilled 4 my movie boyfriend in Ghostworld Steve Buscemi's win for Male Actor in a Drama. Tough category full of amazing actors.
Hey! Askia I would love to do some bizness with ya bro
is that a song? What's it called?
"Is that Ed Hardy you're wearing?"
Smx I wish Cinnamon Toast Crunch was a vegetable so good! Lol!
Oh yeah, we're taking care of him ;-)
Eden musta been one HELL of a watering hole.
Thanks! No book, unfortunately. I write for
Heavenly got snow, MAD-in laws confirm we are going!!! (MAD = Mom & Dad).
RT Sorry guys, but anyone who owns an Ipad is a pretentious douchebag until I buy mine next week.
hai I'm dying is it from that night jdksnd omg
#HappyBDAYJAZZY u are so adorable have fun with your family omg u are so cute omg <3 <3 <3 <3
Awe that's cute
haha Kyla said it not me! ;)
Labor Day - aahhh - the day before Tuesday. The Christmas Season begins tomorrow. Do you have a plan?
well, started it
I am fairly convinced is everywhere, all at once. I am considering nominating him for Secretary of Teleportation.
“There are two ways of meeting difficulties: you alter the difficulties, or you alter yourself to meet them.” - Phyllis Battome
Burning a few calories dancing to Shakira's 'Hips Don't Lie'...wish I knew how to belly dance.
: Metallic-y white!
I agree completely, I'm 5'10 close to 6'3 depending on what heels I have on.----": A guy must #ALWAYS be taller than his girl."
god did everything for him... Except make him a good qb
LOL RT : THANK YOU SWEET JESUS. Da Orange And Blue.
Had my medicine feels like a while since i aint had in two days
Wanted to pick up a cute hitchhiker, but Beth wasn't on board. He looked like an REI catalog model!
so what's up?
Ah fixed now!
Thanks for the shout-out! We're actually all full up w/ ~105 RSVP'd but we may have a few spots open up next wk.
RT : <3 Take your Valentine on a Ghost Hunt! <3 Saturday, February 11th at 9:00pm in Albuquerque Old Town.......
Does a good rain put out the Fire?
Mark Towns #Entertainment presents #Acoustic #OpenMic 2nite at Flora & Muse hosted by Selia Qynn
......and they can field!
Except the most profound question: Why?
Lunch? Who needs lunch?!
not vain, just coming home to myself.
Picking up Thai food. Yay!
gettin schooled with some Patsy Cline pandora radio. love it.
Need a ginger!
We specialize in screen printing for fashion brands. Call us 800-724-0577 or . Start your own brand!
what's your best "OH" overheard, for the day
It seems that I'm physically not capable of drawing the ironman.
without football on Sunday, what is there to do?
Good morning!
Happy Valentines Day! Almost one year of putting up with my antics...and love ya for it.
Head on down to Verduras Tea House & Cafe for the Fair Trade Crawl!
Interview yesterday went well! 2nd interview tomorrow! Interview today went very well too! Here's hoping I can make the job count 3! :)
it was fun! The panel went really well (or at least I think so) The weather could have been nicer but overall, good time!
Signs I'm back in the US: free Coke refills; auto ice water & check at restaurants; BBQ; nonstop Bin Laden coverage; & ridiculous game shows
Thanks I was really worried about this issue (panera) and now I can focus on my day because I am informed :-) Ha!
#sxtechstars Be attached to the problem you are trying to solve, more than the solution you are trying to solve it with. And think of API
I'm at AIPAD. Photography continues to amaze.
Time is running out. Use promo code #23917 to get $25 any optical purchase over $50 from now til 9.17.11....some exclusions. Hurry in !!!
I've been so obsessed with Instagram that I haven't been on twitter much.
- We want a debate Mr. Gray. We are more than a website...signed so-called "Fans" or Fenty.
We're not old... we're better! That's what I tell myself before I take my Metamucil.
Front Desk Thurs: Had a family of 11 come in & sit down for over an hr asking questions. Then got interviewed. While talking w/new docent.
My teacher is MIA. #whereareyou I'm ready to take my test!!!!
oh ok...can u put my username on it? cuz i don't want anyone else to steal it, they do that sometimes...
Thanks for the mention! X
#HowToPissAFemaleOff tell her your man getting out of jail next week
My favorite fish is gone.... :/
Wanna go to the soccer game?
I just read your email. That helps narrow down a few options. I will send you them in the morning when I get into the office.
Love it JT! What's next?
Is anyone else not get their @ replies in ?
Thanks for the unfollow my dear. Yes, I'm calling you out.
yum. Where at?
Best show EVER. Megatr0n, represent.
RT : Every time I used to visit the homie she was ordering food lol #random>>>Not EVERY time lol just not average :)
RT : : "2 biggest challenges to sustainability: Inappropriate certainty; and conventional wisdom"
*Reads Some tweet* Me: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> *Reads Some tweet* Me: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> *Reads Some tweet* Me: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> *Reads Some tweet* Me: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> *Reads Some tweet* Me: <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
go pack!! IVE BEEN AT IT SINCE I GOT HOME!
": wat channel my favorite rapper." Lol Spike TV was on marathon
Coming home crying bc you hate your job so much <<
Upshot of Android tablets is they can run all sorts if reader apps. You can even sideload the Nook app onto a Kindle Fire!
night twitterr world
Yes,it's not cheap but we chose to have it made in the USA rather than export jobs to China.USWages>ChinaWages
Got the same feeling in Charlotte. However, the boys didn't disappoint.
I remember when I saw my first jewelry book at a big chain bookstore in NYC, was over the moon! Congratulations on your book!
Bought some new goodies at JoAnnes!
iReally Didn't Know Back Then But Right Now I'm TOTALLY Sure !
just saw a firetruck fly down my street.
yes! half-price valentines candy at the store!
Gregory Corso was in prison for burglary.
I'm making you go two miles out if your way? First of all, I'm on your route. Second, it's barely half a mile so you can shut up now.
Love that website! It looks awesome! Thanks for hooking us up with the property search!
I've been really shitty to people on the phone lately. Sorry for it, just don't piss me off & it won't happen. x
#Clippers have HEART.
#askselena favorite recent movie..?
Just had my first sighting of the season. Yippie!!
I can't force an attraction that's not there
yay for the weekend i get to have Cubby on my radio station LOL K104 NY
Ignoring me won't get you far. That $550 I paid obviously didn't amount to shit on my end. Stop hiding, hit me with that #!
how's life? U coming over here so I can show u the routine for the boys next week
good to see you giving Hamilton a shout out. He was great at Casino del Sol Bowl game. Good pressure throughout.
"The 3-D Experience." Now U know! #YouCantHaveSwag if U don't buy the #new #Blackshire #album March 6, 2012
Hip hop u saved me!!!
Just saw myself "acting" on Bravo's Million Dollar Listing New York. Did anybody see it yet? "Well played" considering the circumstances.
2012' Up and running!!!!
Good turn out for candidate forum. lots of cmty leadrs,nonproft&foundatn ppl. We need to keep reachin out for broader particp'n
ohh r u with her?
Maybe you need a different app.
Dreaming about my next vacation. Where in the world shall I go? What continent will I be on next?
#nw final destination
Oh, he's the guy with the sweet cat!
I'm not even gonna lie.. I get really excited for the Hannah Montana movie..
Shorty damn near mine without the whip and chain bet if I don't get the ass, I'mma get the brain <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
THAT'S IT! I am officially boycotting anything that has to do with vampires. Music, movies, TV shows. Everything. (...except vampire porn)
#happymothersday from your friends at Cheeburger Cheeburger in Newark! Bring Mom in for a yummy meal!:)
KC needs a hockey team
So have you started working with Bats yet?
I will never eat pizza for breakfast, mcdonalds fpr lunch, and frozen yogurt for dinner again.
what you did about it?
"Chicago is a magnet for those who think big." --Mayor Rahm Emanuel
Dont forget Susan Boyle :D!
Thank you!
It's ok. We will prevail ... eventually.
I did the best ball right but didn't sign up for medalist on woodlands so sent them an email to fix it
count me in!
and its so hard to breathe, yeah
I miss seeing you on my TV :(
i followed u back :)
Ugh im soo bored here at my dads
Pretty Day. Get in here!
Subway be popping
you would after you cried to get them from me lmfaooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!
Who would win in a fight between the XFL and Pat Croce's Slamball?
Check out
Thanks for the retweet!
Your welcome. You will be fine, it just takes a little time..
Not lately,
Getting started on transcribing Bill Stewart on "Wee" from EnRoute with Scofield!
So this is what insomniacs feel like when the alarm goes off after getting maybe 2 hrs of sleep! Ugh!
cool. #shag. Parents used to have a shag carpet.
wow! Wish I wouldve went can't believe this! I swear I thought it was August 27th..
Change is the enemy of the comfortable. Status quo is acceptable only to those who fear that the future will be worse than the present.
RT : I tried to live my life by the motto "What Would Katniss Everdeen Do?" but then the police caught up with me.
Watching Baaba Maal's captivating performance streamed via Berlin
Mallards or redheads?
tired, bored, Hey look my phone!
was that today?
Three 20 oz. coffees every morning seems a bit much. I think I'll switch back to cocaine. Cheaper too.
Thanks & ! I met yesterday. He & the entire ID team were great!
RT this photo screams #sexgeek to me. Get your erotic book-buying on!
Not sure why I'm up this early
i wish i could be at your wedding tomoorow.. Congrats:) hope it is amazing
arrived home & ready to ko, gnight twitter
thanks my dude! Youre the man
Let's go Sactown
"it's so wet, warm and smooth just like buuuuuuuuuttttttttttteeeeeeeeerrrrrrrrr"
If you live in Seattle and aren't following yet - do yourself a favor and make it happen! #food They are awesome.
FLOTUS looks good this morning.
How ever good or bad the situation give it time. Time heals almost everything. Give time, time.
Kay let me check
so when are they gonna make the Justice League movie?
It's like a freaking family picnic.
can't sleep to damn exited!!!!! we leave tonight for the MIA!!! !
“: Nobody is gonna give you anything if we wanna win we gotta take it!! #roadgames #confidentnotcocky”
It's Tasting Tuesday! Free wine tasting 2nite (Mass Ave Wine Shoppe) from 5:30-6:30. 4 delectable wines for you to sample.
Welp guessed I'm not missed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
gonna have to start saving my pennies for this.
Annual Awards Luncheon day is upon us!
Down w the flu last couple days but recovering. No Irish in me but glad the tav was poppin last night.
You're welcome! We love spread the #HCG love! :) RT thank you so much!!
Congratulations to ! You the winner of a dozen free cupcakes. Thanks to all who RT'd. Stay tuned for more chances to win!
FYI #FatheranSonMOVERS SUCK! So do #neighborsmovvingandstorage will B filing complaint w/ better biz . DO NOT USE!
;) what are you doing right now?
Observing a teacher delivering instruction and students working collaboratively on Edmodo!
Dude, you should get
Remember when I was ur dream and I was ur wife?
How cold my room is >>>>>
#hungry :P
Hard work pays off
#Avengers? Yes please!
Nirvana is playing...I'm in love
that's the problem. You'll have a score whether you opt in or not!
haha! !! Erica weak!!! she can't rap!!
I wear my heart on my sleeve don't run into me cause it bleeds
someday one of those will have your name on it <3
Going out for a run at Astoria park if anyone's interested. I'm not that great and don't have much stamina, but hey — exercise i... (FB)
My apt feels like the beach. sans sand/water/and fun.. I guess its just hot.
lol hell yeah, on other people, just not mine ._,
What an awesome Mother's Day!! Ate way to much but it was all so delicious.
thanks Mike. Going to be at VIDEODROME? (Which I have to get up on the site this weekend...)
that is because his pronunciation of the word diabetes is actually the words (die uh beat us)!!!
well played my friend, well played...
Need some more headphones.
I gotta run now too! But I hope to see you all at the next #writersroad chat!
is on Twitter! Yay!
Lol yesterday this girl thought Liam was Louis! Eww directionator..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I want to work selling hotdogs at the new baseball stadium! GO LEMURS!! Think it would be a cool exciting job... GET YOUR HOTDOGS! LMAO!
thanks I'm sure it will. I'll let you know on Thursday
no but like seriously it's horrible thought process.
you're now embarrassing us all. I thought we had a deal that you would stop making lame public facing jokes
i know! Fmlll but nahh i miss our high school team more than anything :)
On my way to see Porgy and Bess. You bet a tweet or 2 by intermission.
Would you live with ease, do what you ought, and not what you please. – Benjamin Franklin
Country Music Show Host Needs Great Face for Radio, No Joke
hey what up
It has been such a good day
“: ThAt joint is dope RT #NP "I Love You (Human)" - ”>>indeed
Hoping this healthy soft serve fruit treat will cancel out the 40 different substances I consumed this weekend.
Can you post a link on where to join TrackFieldAA please?
To who much is given, much is tested.
Otter footage from Philly Zoo adorable, but the otters do the same thing with children
good to hear for sure! have fun in the Marina!
oh hell no! If I can't that shit on me it's going down! You two will be COVERED in it! Haha it's gonna be everywhere!
Crawling to Kate's house!
awesome to hear we can make you happy Nikki! :)
Help combat #childhoodobesity! Join The Learning Movement or consider this special: www.buyoneshareonegiveone.com
Progress = measurable RESULTS not INTENTIONS, 2 get results = commitment & dedication, intentions are like the wind, they blow awaybyStacey
What warped tour dates are you guys going to?!
Good morning <U+263A>
I would like to hear about the REAL mother's day you had. Was it all rainbows and unicorns for everyone? I need to know the truth.
Two finals after today then I'm done. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+270C>
Love it when you wake up and your in a good mood and the day just gets better and better afterwards
I am a host that has been learning by following your career, thanks for that...hope to meet you on the carpet or at Bouchon
Its so hard to get over you!
Arteries under pressure early on: Mice fed a high-fat diet show signs of artery damage after only six weeks High fat diets cause damage t
Right. A SINGLE part. Don't hold him responsible for the PISS POOR job Dolan has done over the past decade.
I think i just found my wife
Had a dream that I was watching a woman give birth ? O.o
Almost forgot how much of a difference maker Ron Artest (Meta World Peace) is.
You can come up w/innovative concepts that are 5 yrs ahead, but clients are looking for right now executions.
RT : Our cheering station is hopping! Snacks, cookies from and lots of supporters.
Getting ready to start my first meeting as a Great Lakes Commissioner. www.glc.org
cant imagine how gratifying that must be! yay you!
the gigster looks pretty happy! hope she picked out some cute earrings
Get on my mg nervez.....uggggg
doggy, randy wolf stinks, what are the brewers going to do with the playoff rotation?
How you been doin lil momma??
3 more points? Yes, please!
Truth: You can do a quality business lunch in the #Chicago #Loop in less than 40 mins. Come give it a try. Stay as long as you like.
Love it!
lol got that right
Sometimes I wonder why I even bought pajamas!!
On that Chipotle grind
perfect! Let's get this ball rolling!
TDY going to at stage ae June 22. See ya there.
#Herzliyaconf we think these facilities can be attacked and harmed. Sanctions can motivate.
when are you touring near boston again I miss your faces.
Gym time
Sounds exhausting but fun!
Headed to catch my flight to Houston. Then on to France. 2 weeks of wine and fun!!!
Labor Day Weekend Starting Today, Thursday - All 8th is $35...Come on in before it's all gone.
now just go with me here, you starring as the lead in "The Dusty Springfield Story". Get on that.
and i agree... susan is a total nutjob lol
Weekend is almost here. We're your DATE NIGHT headquarters!
OH NO! I accidentally Pic! :( I LOVE it & wanted to Share it & now don't know how to UNDO it. ANY IDEAS?
happy birthday! :)
You can even leave out the abbreviations.
Much love & respect to all of the families out there in the twitter-verse, with enlisted members.
RT : #Brewers MVP ceremony Sunday for Ryan Braun is at 1:10 p.m. Game will be delayed to 1:25 p.m.
shit, I need to break up more often. heeheehee oh. :(
no sir. Thank you!
she was AMAZING!!!
We are on our way over to the church to get ready to paint tomorrow.
Thank you; I'm relieved to know that. :)
Give Butler a bath in tomato juice-it really helps.
"A patron has offered an unexploded tear gas canister that was lobbed at him during Wash DC's 1968 riots." Why we <3 the #Archivists list.
Thanks for the birthday wishes, Michael!
thanks girl!
what u talking bout??
Its otherwise preoccupied!
Congratulations, Matt. Looking forward to using it in my spring class.
Ow. You win!
Team trivia tonight at 8pm. Stop for the fun or just come and enjoy 35 cent wings from 5pm-midnight.
Seen while driving in Granite Bay: dude on a custom Harley chopper with little white foofoo dog w/ sunglasses riding on gas tank. Yep.
Captain's announced "NOT a spectator event - v serious & dangerous procedure" - desperate to spectate!
Inspirational lyrics- E.Y. Harburg- Somewhere over the rainbow, the dreams that you dare to dream, really do come true
A Blast! Who’s here? Philadelphia Goes Red Champion
awesome! email me your address and I can send you some stuff if you want!
hey how are you
": "It's comforting to know that whether we choose Door A, B, or C, we always end up where we're meant to be."
way to run it out!
Loved Stephen Few's dashboard design presentation at #eMetrics - data visualization should be simple, organized, informative, eloquent.
“But you guys were a couple! You had someone to go places with, you had a date on national holidays.”
Lost two followers...O WELL
pizza sounds good about now, Josh!
Heyy guys how long does it take for your t-shirts or hoodies to come because i order mine a little while ago...
we also participate and have specials with foursquare.
Hey hahahahahahaha Jeff got GAS PuMP DUMPED!
Got a smile that'll hold you together and a touch that'll tear you apart
love for Austin! <33 <U+2665>
While watching the moon flicker through light clouds tonight, a meteor fell straight toward the ground. The shower peaks at 1 am.
can someone make me laugh i feel sad and uncomfortable?
Even when you eat your Xbox control stays close. Sign of a true gamer. What game you playing recently?
I'll chime in on tonight's #thirdthurssf - make the effort to go...incredible people. Thanks for organizing!
were u from
house party tomorrow!!!
That Adam Mayes guy has it coming for him if he's around here. Well put a boot up his ass, its the American Way.
did you go to Fenway to celebrate?
Taco Tuesday and Pickle Night tonight!
Everyone always says there are more fish in the sea... but sometimes I just really want a dolphin
Picked up some Vibram FiveFingers today. Tomorrow's run should be interesting.
maybe they need a laxative
What makes me care....as of today I'm not going to. I just don't give a DAMN!
I'm glad I finally got to hang out with after months!
Aye-O Bitch #WhatItIs Fa'YooooHoe
One last viewing of The Hunger Games this weekend (:
well it just happens to be that I miss you guys too!
Great to meet you last night at Robert Deaton's. Can't wait to read Diary Of A Player!
it was good
Good morning, just woke up, 9 hours of sleep
Tomorrow marks 5 years since the shooting at Virginia tech ... My heart goes out to the families ....
Easiest bet of the night! 50-50 chance for best song
I love the song #LoveDrunk by #BoysLikeGirls!!(:
The Silk Tie likes Jamie! Chips and salsa are dangerous for ties, if you need a clean tie, thesilktie.com
Weak desires bring weak results, just as a small amount of fire makes a small amount of heat
Greenlight this now!! RT Idea for movie: Human Centipede 3 starring Kirk Cameron and Rush Limbaugh.
You should have to said to her see these? *Show hands* These aren't spirit fingers. THESE ARE SPIRIT FINGERS!
Yay! Thanks for joining us the other night.
The suns coming out :) <U+2600>
Daily verse ~ "And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the greatest of these is charity." 1 Corinthians 13
this is about to be along week
tweet your bank account balance
feel free to come ALL the way south to FL!! :D
Today (July 6, 2010) marks 4 years in business!! Thanks to all of our clients & supporters for everything! - MWWdesigns.com
Its anyway a 1 term RT : If Obama allows Tax cuts 4the Rich in any form his Presi. is over.1 Term!!
There are things you choose to believe, and beliefs that choose you. -Donald Miller
Il Mito is delicious. Why didn't you fools tell me sooner?
And I saw a man with his forearm tattooed in LV logo...while holding an LV briefcase.
cash most def!! Bc it can be used anywhere :)
making GF brownies and having some wine. Still can't figure out how I've gained 5 lbs since moving here...wait a sec...
Traffic should not be an obstacle to mobility. It proves it should be right there.
love your work, Juana - just beautiful! See you at #NY12SCBWI (and I want a postcard! :)
An extra special #ff to , who sent me a Tortoise 7" this week!
It's absurd to critique a sport you know little about. Open your mind. Talk to folks you respect about their love for the sport. Listen.
Sunny in #Seattle, Blake Shelton.
Please send me a DM so we can discuss this. Thanks!
I used to think that when a woman was gay just had just never been fucked right.
Secy Solis: people want to do business where pools of skilled workers live...accepting applications for TAA commty college funding
#ConcertWishList Taylor Swift, Children 18:3, The letter black, POD, Daughtry, parachute, Glee Cast, Flyleaf , Paramore :D
I'm just me… take it or leave it!
one boy + one dream + small town + big voice + one leap of faith + a legend + four albums + millions of fans = Justin Bieber.<U+2661>
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Get Rich Or Die Tryin' !:]
like if you enjoy a certain sport or something. Something you like doing
Anyone know a place in town where I could find a FireWire400 to DV adapter? Best Buy, RadioShack, and Mac Store don't carry them.
you need a friend? ill be there! =)
Fly to the Polish in December for Christmas and Rihanna concert December 6:]
Jordan!! <33333 please follow me??? <3 my life will change COMPLETELY!!!!! <333333
What is a good gift for a girl who reads no Eng is 10years old, under $50? I only had sons.
weird indeed pizza done come eat
*sighs* BOTH :P Mister or mrs "Ceebeelah: I miss u"
that's my song like this, like that
halfway done with my take home final for this class!
don't get me started! I'd gladly join them. Shiiiittt.
he take heads
It's sad that the only decent guy I've dated is a weirdo and is currently dating my cousin.
i am on the way home. come over.
lol I don't reblog that stuff
We are getting set up here at the Library of Virginia for the #POTY1862 Symposium. Watch the event LIVE on C-SPAN3 & join the discussion!
Watching the #Rangers and #Tigers from the booth with and what could be better than this
I wanna go to six flags fiesta Texas (: hoot hoot <33
june 16, 1971 momma gave birth to a hell raisin heavenly son..happy g day Tupac Amaru Shakur!
THIS SORRY SAP ASS NIGGA THINK HE CAN BEAT ME IN BASKETBALL SMFH NIGGA BETTER KNW BOUT ME
Dreams are given to visionaries and visionaries are realities warrior's that leave a legacy of what life really is.
So, i only have one BEST FRIEND and his name is so. Go follow him and show him some love.
I know <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> I hate hot weather too much
Thank you for the RT! :)
When you are going through something hard and wonder where GOD is, remember that the teacher is always quiet during the test.
You gotta be hungry! -Les Brown
The tongue is the only tool that gets sharper with use.- Washington Irving
I have to stop procrastinating...
Thanks. The book cover won't be revealed until the release, but my pic is on it. :-) Retweet if you liked it.
Ran into a fly with no wings just now, called it a "walk".
I don't want thanksgiving to end
Geez!! They punked out again??
matt Stewart sounds like a cool guy
WHAT THIS WORLD NEEDS IS A GROUP HUG :D
thinks Miley is just like any of us growing up. At least she doesn't smoke crack
Sick of for iPhone app crashing & not posting pix so looking 4 a new one. Suggestions? Ideally it links multi accounts & Facebook
It is of great importance that you pay your light bill.... You wouldnt want that embarassing moment to be at the same time you have company
I know right!!! They're sensitive af too
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Lord of the Rings and the Two titties
Hidden Talent: I love to cook and can take almost anything and make a healthy, dinner party-ready version out of it :)
LMAO @ Haley, whats your social media, its haley reinhart HALEY REINHART! H A L E Y R E I N H A R T
give me your login information lmao.
I WILL NOT PAY YOUR TOLL TROLL
be prepared for a hardcore planet fitness session after school tomorrow!!
How did I not know the magic of #googlevoice until last week? Obsessed!
To being the only bo & youngest with 3 older sisters and one younger step sister, I unite
I heard them on some mix tape in '09 and its OK.. I fell a bit behind now..
At 3 the human goes through a developmental stage characterized by the child thinking he or she is a comedian. See also wiseguy or smartass.
Ah. Hes even cuter on the beach!
Today is World Autism Awareness Day!!!!
Encourage reviews, like how you would implement any other marketing technique. It's a staff team effort, and a explanatory process.
ahh yes we do! I miss my railroad!
"I'm sitting in a CHAIR, in the SKY" -Louie C.K. ...and I'm tweeting from a laptop that's somehow connecting... this is straight cray cray!
just because your a convicted felon now doesn't mean you can skip chem..who are you, ?
So stoned! ™
they frown upon ingestion of horse meat in Nevada
Hahahaha.....I bet.
I Hate That People Are Hating On A New Mahomie...EveryOne Has Been A New Mahomie Before.How Would U Feel If Someone Was Doing It To U?
Wow. For a comedy, Young Adult is really depressing.
There is no way to peace, peace is the way.” A. J. Muste quotes
would you rather be called a georgia peanut ?
Man, stalking is, like, hard work. Which is why I can't be arsed to do it.
Off to Williamsburg for the !
That's what I would have said. panicked and said "Mickey's dead, and it's because of something you did." Whoops!
Cant wait to get our EP out...
I was there too... You saw me.,. We spoke. But there is such a thing called TiVo! Ps. Bedtime. I'm gonna hate myself tomorrow
Ill be yo big bro!!!
We'll probably be addressing that at the conclusion of Season 1. Our playoffs are on May 12th.
can you go to the parade saturday?
Whitney Houston doesn't have star on Hollywood Walk of Fame. She was selected yrs ago, but never set a dedication date.
M I love me some ButterScotch Pudding!
fix the HOPE issue and justify or not justify going further.
Local reaction to George Zimmerman's arrest at 10&11.
no stressing or eye twitching allowed, ma'am. Skype this weekend?
RT : Lookout NFL, my son Jared Green is a Caroline Panther. Great player, super young man! Go Panthers < Congrats proud poppa
Yes, Clausen dodged a huge one there! Now they will probably go after a veteran. McNabb to Carolina?
congrats on the new gig. You're going to love the SEC.
R.I.P Junior Seau.
Very cool! Love to meet you out at a meeting (last Wed of the month, location varies). Should talk @ #UX sometim
#CabinintheWoods looks amazing. Scary, crazy, and has #Thor Sign me up!
Did anyone get the link to Sheppard's paper/ presentation in time??
have fun in Germany!
Bad form to #follow, get someone to #followback and then immediately #unfollow. Having many followers <U+2260> smart or pretty
They do look really good this year. Their depth is scary.
I will move back to my original name.
RT : So ungrateful ....
": Goin to see !!! SO FREAKING EXCITED. :D" what's ur fav BA song?
[Generic angry tweet regarding Mark Teixeira.]
absolutely! I really wish she would tweet me!!! :D that'd make my life!
lol me too , fool !
Mind blown!
manager Ron Washingon () just seen taking multiple bong rips in the dugout.
I turned my phone to “Airplane mode” and threw it up into the air.
Wanted: musicians, non-profits and volunteers for Melrose farmers’ market
An #extraordinarymom can party til 4am and still wake up and fix breakfast for the kids
Damn im feelin that steak & cheese now =\
Meaningless existence.
#SadButTrue !!! RT : As an #Aries you tell it like it is, and are untouched by the reaction that may result.
damn you for inducing me to click that. I just got "Roiphied"
theyre just tight cause they fucken got shutout!!!
You know how some relatives can get lol. You feel me?
Wow. Hopefully that helps you as a lesson
Hope my bro dosnt find out I'm throwing a party
Not yet, but that sounds like a great idea!
Girl I know it hurts but if this world was perfect we'd make it work but I doubt it
dear god.
Currently watching my favorite shows Dr Phil and Maury ;-)
new song is "Scream", Its now playing via #spotify on the tweet-dio show on
is this real life ? are you seriously coming to Cali ? BEST NEW EVER ! :DD i might finally meet you \^o^/
After long hiatus back on twitter, from #dbw12, content strategy ROI with Dan Blank. JTallent's workshop seemed too code heavy 4 me.
Send an all-company email to notify staff that a position has been posted and that you are hiring employees
I'm hiring a Freelance Recruiter @ Hugo Boss! 4-5 yrs of Recruitment/Fashion experience. Send me your resume today:
why? just go out but dont drink haa
Kinda found it funny that on this weeks Glee the QB that effed up the final game deciding play was number 4!
Thank you :-)
#BOOMSTICK Nelson CRUZ!!
Thanks to , putting up Stone IPA and Leffe Blonde vinegars!
lmao go to work early for once.
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 25
sunny and clear
Doubt it.
Omg!!!!! Lmfao is performing on American idol tomorrow!! :D
Im Tired , Wanna Say Fuck This Homework
its weird how pritchard gets the worst calls but jordan hulls can get bernie fined with no call
#ouch! Geez, u gotta watch out for them feet, man...tricky lil suckers they are!! Lol
If ur in the 412 next Saturday the 11th come down altar bar were performing with Patron saint its gonna be cray hmu 4 tix, directions, w.e.
This is why I don't watch these singing competitions, they don't choose the best singers!
So, I have a work colleague who appears to wear a fake engagement & wedding ring during work events. Is this a thing? Why?
Bill Stanley has a history of promoting small government and common sense values. Vote to bring these to the 20th District on Nov 8
I'm sleepy ~.~ This class is boring. :o
going forward our Ward Night is being extended to 8pm! Come stop by on Wednesday from 5:30-8:00pm.
Yes, hopefully the driver is okay but no word yet... But if so, I agree, Cinco de Mayo celebrations start a day early.
Don't even have to watch the video. Already know every moment from memory.
I know, right? So gross.
Everyone's at the beach while I'm in class
followed me back on GifBoom :) everyone follow me @ sashamariepittman <3
but in college, sometimes you get to study what your interested in. that's the dif
iIts not even funny how much I love Ranger Gang or fucking die !
We saw it before Cabin in the Woods. I was very excited. Rest of audience less so.
Even went you weren't single, I was that one, but now bitch took it all away.
I probably have the most irritating bf everr. -_-
Thank you very much!
I didn know we were playing hide and seek o.O
2 b honest i have just stumbled upon u and im in awe. fav songs Perseverance, just you & me, a celtic deam. no space 4more
wow ok thanks for that
FLAWLESS.!!!! Cant noone do it like ME.!
Hittin the links before work
the water sounds just serene! Nothing like nature to relax you. :)
#DWTS woooohoooo!!! GO Katherine, GO!! Go blonde bombshell!
i just wanna go on amazon and buy the 3 books i want/need
Interesting w/ great potential.
YYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYEEEEEEeeeEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS not enough space for my reply..
#LIS442? That was a fun project!
That awkward moment when u post a funny status and there's that one person who ruins it by saying something serious.
Night #tweeters :)
Thank you, A "Star Spangled Banner" that showed your respect for the song and your love of bringing that story to all. Bravo!
I want to be loved by you
Followers - 9000 Following - 120 Bio -"i follow back"... No you dont you dumb fuck!!! :p
is currently in Production of the short / trailer of "UTTER" an upcoming feature film written & directed by yours truely ~ DANBOU PICTURES.
Tons of members representing at #DCWeek keynotes!
#np 'Stuck on repeat' Little Boots
Only would win concert tickets! lol
A1: (contd) would love to see flipped on side, dept org'd by goal (ie. acquisition,retention, support infrastructure)
Just woke up next up over to poms!
RT : Our winner is
thanks jsidess; or the roof at “: don't forget the lovely roof at the wit!”
same here lol
its not as rare as you think. Happens all the time
God doesn't need your help... He needs your full submission.
tell a friend to tell a friend to tell a friend to tell a friend !!!!
Just finished our #HackforChange project. Now to present...
Last chance viewing party for Kenton Station.
Remember when #glee was funny and happy? So sad and serious now..mouth is still agape.
It's ladies night. Ladies drink free all night!!!
I WANNA TAKE YOU AWAY LETS ESCAPE INTO THE MUSIC DJ LET IT PLAY I JUST CANT REFUSE IT LIKE THE WAY YOU MOVE IT!!
Auto sales in Oregon were up nearly 14 percent last year. The national average was 11%. Lots of buyers at the Portland Auto show.
2 male college roomies live 2gether 4 2 years. 1 doesn't pay bills-gets evicted. He claims common law marriage, gets alimony.
Have fun drowning your sorrows
Shawn Marion looks like an egyptian pharaoh
We unfollowed some people. Let us know if we quit following you
haha what a bitch
good to meet at the Kscope show on Friday w #TheFaculty! so good <3
they were my dad's prescription ones that your only suppose to take one of and she gave me two!
NED bullying assembly today! What articles/activities do you have to share?
I just finished a 3.00 mi run with a time of 31:27 with Nike+ GPS.
Thanks for the follow! Tell me more about your #mobileapps services
Sipping #racer5 whilst awaiting the carnage on Glendora Rd.
Janet Jackson concert April 22nd April 23rd and April 24th 2011 at Caesar's Palace Las Vegas MVP is offering Room & Tickets To sold out show
"We're going to have to go ahead and move you downstairs into Storage B..."
How can something so delicious be restricted?!
Every time I walk out from the office into the shop, it's like I'm being hit in the face by a fireball.
How about trending one direction ;D
keep your logic out of my attempts at amusement. It has been too long since I mocked dan for his love of Yuni. oh… and Loe sucks.
No problem, and no pressure :) Hope to catch you at the show if not at our place.
I am enjoying being fully present this season! I'm sure your cookies will be fabulous.
Slept like 12 hours and I still feel shitty
remember when we got pregnant at the maxwell concert? LOL.
Thanks so much for the follow! Looking forward to hearing your projects!
Hollins Roundhouse Neighborhood meeting. Great crowd!
Good morning, we hope you have a productive day so you can reward yourself with a refreshing libation after work at Amber!
and pregnant nuns are funny
Looking for suggestions to convince my 15 yo son that he should go outside rather than play video games all day.
Friday nites at VIBE LOUNGE tomorrow!!! Early arrival is strongly suggested; Message me 4 table reservations or free entry. See ya tomorrow
Never in my life have I've seen anything like this
can you plzz follow me because i cant send messeges thru the broadcasting thing plzz plzzz ? :)
fuuuuuuuuck the hub
RT : RT : Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort ~ Franklin D. Roosevelt
Via FB: Half Italian -deli grocer and cucina- opens on Thursday in
Happy father's day to all the dads out there especially to mine. Happy father's day dad
Okay, who's ready for that Laptop Monster....?????
Tonight's cooking was Japanese, thanks to our friend Yuko visiting from New York. We all enjoyed it.
My back is wrecked this morning!
Its okay to be at a bar at 10am because I'm watching football.
DS: still rocking my usual purple polo that I wear every Monday after the #Ravens play. It was a tough loss, but I'm a #Ravens fan til I die
NSF data plan requirements are just phase one of making open data a requirement:
just read all 29 parts! Omg. They are great!<3 next one soon please:)
I bet the show's called "My Left Nut" or some stupid shit like that.
I told him he couldn't come to my house cuz I don't have random ass niggas around my kids and he says "if u ever need help I'm here"
MIDNIGHT MEANS TWITTER LATE NIGHT WITH BLACK THUNDER!!!!
RT : RT : Tonight at Santa Ana Star Center #RioRancho #NM Is Gonna Be Puttin On a Show .. Ya'll Ready !!
Good thing it was only a bruise for Rip.
great hang dog....thanks again
Hanging out with the public makes judging people so much easier.
Mehhhhh I wanna sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Now now Baby 1ts Justh Text Book Stuff.. 1ts 1n The Abc Of Grow1ng Up. Non Of Us Are Angels And you Know We Love you, YES.7
Happy New Year to the East Coast Love ya and Miss Ya I will be home soon cant wait to see y'all again y'all be safe on this great night
Thanks for the shout out! <3
Please bring cash/check donations to American Heart Association benefiting Go Red for Women Campaign at our connection event.
too much
thanks so much to our FANTASTIC speakers Chris Rachel Herbert Patrick & Tom and THANKS to our attendees! couldn't do this without you!
With Big, Penny Marshall became the first female director to have a movie gross over $100 million. She's a bad ass.
THAT BITCH LAUGHED LIKE EVERYTHING WAS FUNNY SHE DOESN'T GET YOUR DAUGHTER IS DEAD WHICH MEANS SHE'S NOT COMING BACK BUT IT'S FUNNY ...
At bar, overheard MLA go-er: "That is the place in the narrative where fantasy confronts the real! That is $%^^ sexy!"
Loved loved loved the #cultivateamerica #chipotle commercial!!!
Wish You A Very Happy Birthday Lara Ji! May GOD BLESS You with All the Success and Happiness! Have a Gr8 Time! GOD BLESS! :)
Everyone have a safe and happy #holiday weekend!
<U+265B>Facebook, Twitter n You Tube have taken over our boredom
Walking down 6th Ave, Bergdorf's windows are beautiful! Cartier is also tied up with a red ribbon!
if you did that, itd be so so appreciated and I'd pay back the favor in time =] and thats a fact!
I want a motorcycle now!
please don't wish those Hollywood tramps on the Orioles -Baltimore doesn't want to be the STD capital again.
The end of Feb. :) RT I mean *when* are you launching!
did I spot you in this week? A year since our shoot!
It's the ending of the bubble babble theme. I decided to cut the most of song but keep a little at the end. :)
Kaafu Atoll - Maldives Islands
man overboard makes everything better
Happy Mothers Day to ALL mothers.
Love that used pernicious from the stage.
thanks, yes it is!! It was about time I took that step =) Hope ur doing well girl keep rockin!
Very happy to be home. Work is exhausting!
Thank you for supporting our project! we love u.
Let's see how hard I can push myself today in training!!
Lol i kno we gotta wear long sleeves while we out here RT : avi funny as shit
Killedd The Stagee Tonight!! They Better Stop Playing With My Emotions & Just Crown Them Already!!
Whoever finalized this list of Street Lit books needs to re-think some of the titles.
love that all this happened around the corner from me. It smelt awesome last night!
Nick Brien's analogy re evolution of biz- used to be bowling, now pinball.
Sovereign Research is proud to announce the completion of a prototype for an electronic medical device for autism screening. For more deta…
Download links coming soon!
Now I know who's #Real and who's not #SMDH im good though........ Friends dont last forever thank God I know that lol
Homemade holiday: cooked home-grown food, made Rock Band "music" & played a game invented by Adam. Now missing &
you live 10 mins away were hanging out!!!! An having some fun tweet me back, tomorrow after 5 we can do some thing
Just left the Flea Market now the Galleria Mall!
I won't solve this mystery until tomorrow, alas.
Graze is awesome! And Himal Patchouli
No, Thank you for hosting! Great chat tonight!
Seriously. No one worked harder! RT : to my friend and coworker, , you are an inspiration. Job well done!!
Dear Children, I may be friendly...but I am not your friend..im your parent. There is a difference.
E, if it's any consolation I was very close to not meeting Patrick. I was just walking away until he appeared
I want to vs in a tables match!!! Go Miz!
guys, twitter must be broken. no one gave me a job to do the letters to maurice sendak book.
1996 was a great hip hop year
my loss is shockeys gain
Pardon the swag.
Me too. If I forget, downgrade me.
loll no te preeoocupee armando is gonna be a good boy
I sat next to George Lindsey (Goober on Andy Griffith Show) at a banquet in Nashville once ....Great memories :)
Lori has all kinds of car t-shirts -- embroidered '57Chevy Nomad anyone?
would be great working with you, but bad luck for me I'm not very good! :(
don't you like Justin?
That's so meta, it's insane :)
Good Morning Farmers..Come beat the rain and we'll kill your pain...& why not pick up our strain of the day; Organic Headband OG!
so much for never losing in rain!
Are they still together? I thought I read something in Rolling Stone saying they were done...
Can't believe its Wednesday already
"Palmetto bugs creep me out, but otherwise I'm okay." --Ike Evans.
Lol We will make a hit someday soon...then everyone will know it ;) How've you guys been? lol
but you are still keeping Bertie? I hope?
sounds great! love to read tweets like that RT : "Surround yourself only with people who are going to take you higher." ~Oprah...
final grades for dodds class are up on angel
Stop it Sheria, This is not a debate. Just a conversation. I love you. Haha
i got on that exact plane last year from hong kong to singapore. i didn't think it was gonna get off the ground. go canucks go
Fresh Mozzarella: The Good Stuff
I don't think it matters what the #broncos get back for #Tebow. Sunk cost of a 1st round pick, but addition by subtraction.
Okay, just registered to run the Portland Marathon in October, so that's that. I'm on the hook!
can i get info on when my pants are gunna cum its been a month already. my invoice # is 000004211
I love you too man.. I wish I could of played one more game with you
Too many #MardiGras bombs?
Thanks to to everyone that came out AND to The Great Fox, Daniel Blue and motopony for an awesome show last night!
If you didn't have anything to prove what could you take off your plate? Stop and think before you answer the menu is larger than you think.
“: Off work time to hit the Liquor store the heat won need a celebration Drink!!”get me one too
So fucking relevant -.- ": MATH TEACHER, Y U NO SPEAK ENGLISH?"
Hm really doe, im finna make myself so much better, i thank people who gave me suggestions and extra ideas to add on
you are a really good singer! I really wish you would follow me but you prolly won't see this....
Whatevvvs, gonna attempt to get some sleep. Dueces <U+270C>
so Fighting Sioux must be a double negative making a positive !!!
Well, Banner was the final punch in the gut. UW simply has to do better with in-state recruits next year.
Reading the new "Essence" magazine with Mary J Blige on cover. Great information on natural hair!
I wonder what made her so bitter...
nice of you to rep 207th and Bway. It looks rough over there. I can send something Manny's way.
for the most part lmao
i seriously have no idea what ur talking aboout
Stop trying to make "fetch" happen, It's never going to happen.
Just left great meeting. Sat with potential new client and we sat there and talked about life. Not so much about business.
im soo happy nick at night shows yes dear now!!! great show way better than that 70's show
ushould def call about tickets - let me know-too-I may be able to make it for part of the time-fun to meet u & wife too
So much on my mind idk how it all fit in my brain
I hate astronomy!!!!
One participant says the books she has used are focused on proper grammar, not about how people really use language. Major distinction!
hmm grey's on right now....
how was the pageant?
Loving those moments where you can just sit down and make fun of the faces people make
My 2012 Immigration Webinar Schedule includes March 29th - The Employment Path to Permanent Residency.DM me for details.
Ooh and speaking of boobs- suggestions for large/plus-size bathing suit TOPS (and medium bottoms, ha.) ?
"The US is good at generating geniuses. The problem is that they're all athletes." - Read , March issue.
looking for cheap chest of drawers for baby's room . Would like lightly stained wood. Send email or mms with pic price & location please
I AM TIRED, I WANT FOOD TOO.
Catching up on my tweets and looking for others to follow
I like to shart myself dry
you just subtweeted them though lmao
Merry Christmas to all!!!!!
We're proud to announce we are now part of the family, along with and !
I've seen too much pre-Barnes mediocrity to want to run him out too.
thx Chris for the mention!
The judge told me is that your mom and I was like yes she said she is to young
Oh, hey humidity! Totally forgot how much you rock! No, you don't suck at all! But I wear sweat stains well, so... Ugh.
Haha story of my life. But we have tutorials so ima just study then
Sometimes, it's not your day.
I don't always lisp. But when I do, it's while talking to a police officer. "Thanks, officher"
Disney Cruise FAQ's: What is included? Find out here what is included and how to budget accordingly for optional items:...
Highly recommended! Particularly since I ran into it so randomly.
My diet lately has consisted of lean cuisines and chocolate.
Pop quiz: Which #KeyClub Playmate rides a “Blackline™? or ? A: Heather. Follow her to see it!
RT : Happy National Meetings Industry Day (Canada) and High Five Day!
I am taking over the 'reins' of "Explore Fulton Market' this year. It's May 13th. I'd love your support!
When the doctors say your sister doesnt have herpys.... Smh
we appreciate ya bro!! :]
What's really sick are the people who buy into their hate.
Best Av goalie playoff games: Roy vs FLA game 4 Cup clincher, Roy vs NJ game 6 2001, Craig Anderson tonight - awesome!
I am, personally partial to DS106 when writing. I think it merits CAPS. But I always use #ds106 as a tag. I am an enigma.
ha! you are too smart for you own good sir. I emerge more often on FB ;)
I'm always the one who loves more, that's my thing.
Dear NASA, if your space junk falls into my personal space, not yours. Can't have. Love Finder S. Keepers
And, of course, you're invited to Beirut/Malta as well
Playing this chopped and screwed music thinkin bout hella shit
Sending out the F.U. email for the creative session... hope I'm not forgetting anyone...
Very cool!
Lmao, okay yeah... So ill talk to u in alil then (:
Movies and cuddling sounds perfect right now !
Don't be afraid to chase your dreams! One of my fav quotes... "If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to it."~Jonathan Winters
shit has been b.a.n.a.n.a.s. an effort to be as dope as possible, Im subject to limited social media... just use your imagination
Ookkayy, away we go, only thing we have on is the radio
I will see you there!!!
that's true n it's also sad cuz he really not that good never was even at Texas, he's been potential since HS lol
thanks for the follow!!
San Fran, Frankfort, Berlin-, Dublin to Rhodes, Greece in less than 20 days! to LA land to lay tracks with Chris Warrior- w/new "Honeycomb"
yeah thanks! :)
Or better yet a ufc fighter
Hence policy work, hooray! :) (I don't think it was my worst grade, but it was not my favorite class atallatallatall.)
I'll not go to sleep until you follow & tweet me something!:] I love you both so much!<U+2661>8
Time to start studying 4 Monday ..
Somewhere Over the Rainbow...
No Sir!!
Hi Adelle, thanks for the follow!
what do you mean ?
A very basic gym - for $49/month w/ no committment plus $100 enrollment fee. Sounds steep. what do you pay?
Just sayin' b/c of the pass rush. San Fran can stop the run, but you don't really care. Saints would be a shootout.
Today in Literary History: On April 3, 1783 Washington Irving (known for THE LEGEND OF SLEEPY HOLLOW and RIP VAN WINKLE) was born in NYC.
that picture is amazing
I missed tweeting ^_^
I like how you can tell me what I'm mad at lol I get entertainment outta fucks like you
has the best tweets. Ever. 41fuckyes.
YES one look in nialler beautiful eyes was enough but now the question... How can I even type this tweet IM WATER lool
what's the topic tonight?
You comign to the show? I could call it your request.
what if you mostly use Twitter as a news source?
Do you have what it takes to be a Pittsburgh Bullets! Tryouts June 2nd. Register by emailing .
You really have to go to the NHL to find a worse logo than the nj nets
It's a listen to Bob Marley on Pandora and look outside at the sunshine and pretend it's 50 degrees warmer kind of day.
Street parking in Georgetown is some kind of singular hell
well of course
A coward dies a thousand deaths. A soldier dies but once
aw man i hate it lol but thanks
thanks for calling punk smh lol
Don't forget your lamps during #SpringCleaning- dust the lamp shades and replace the bulbs to see things in a new light!
The wound is the place where the Light enters you.” <U+2015> Rumi
#pandora knows what I wanna hear when I wanna hear it :)
very excited to bring on board to do some web design stuff!!
Tornado Warning issued for Orange through 4:15pm.
Unacceptable! You must choose a side!
NO I want to keep The Pirate Bay around.
same here but I'm not happy with the Offense so far.
I know right now send me some pics from Jades birthday !!
Ha I mean I was rocking that Southern Streets Freestyle when I was just an awkward HS freshman. NBA Ballers tracks were dope too.
DM me ur number Megan wants it cuz she got a new phone
love it
I know I'm late.. but way to go Mavs.. yeah baby!
Chapel hill moving to Twilio
not recording yet. but planning to this summer!
remind me tomorrow to hit u
Oh and btw, if you missed it, Anthony Rizzo homered yet again for Iowa tonight in 1st AB. I-Cubs lead SAC 1-0 early
#bullllshittttttt fuckkkkk man. :( #celtics and i won't even be able to watch the game wednesday because i'll be at the red sox game.
(cont) aggresive gerbils w/ lasers having a good time, people rubbing Vick's vapor rub all over each other, dweebs, cat fights
tulsa+shooting
The boyz are back the boyz are back saying the boyz are back reminds me of high school musical 3 where troy and chad sings the boys are back
Keep ya head up <3
Your last tweet did it. I'm going on.
"Argonne scientists design self-assembling, half-millimeter wide "microbots" that can swim and transport objects." we're all going to die
-- Yes, he was my No. 1 sleeper from Day 1.
is at the Daughter's of the American Revolution Concert Hall waiting for Mariah to get dressed, I guess.
Tyrese, aparently Facebook is shutting down according to World News, they announced that March 12th 2012 will mark the date
ill bring the flower bulbs to grow them after the flowers you give die^^
So tired :/ just want 2 go home
Conversations with you are so stagnant...I can't deal. Bye. Haha
doesn't want me as a customer? That hurts my feelings. :(
I sincerely hope that I'm just an alarmist and nothing happens this weekend.
My brother does not understand the value of a dollar.
Happy Hour – 3-6 Half off the bar! (excludes full bottles)
Thank you for the tour of the DiVinci exhibit. It was amazing and I can tell you are truly passionate about it!
very true miss it
i work off reed over by the ch 31 office and the lady on the corner is always on her cell phone with the homeless sign
Maybe me and my mom can go shopping tomorrow, celebrate mothers day & my birthday.
woohoo thanks for the follow
this is who you want to follow -
Not living up to the name...
My name is Neil ramanan, an I'm a sex offender.
is that when GMYH is being released? You said april haha
you gonna get in down professionally lmbo imma get it down the ghetto way either imma it or my besty gonna do it lol
Happy to announce a free upcoming legal seminar on estate planning- June 24 at 7:00. See site for details www.alsarizona.com
": The only thing more shocking than the truth are the lies people tell to cover it up."
hey beautiful! How u been?
# InterviewQuestion Why did they put fuzz on a tennis ball" #Jobs Don't guess - say you don't know but that you know how to find out!
happy early birthday!
The prettiest girls are the happiest girls :]
I did one like this too... -___- we were all #bitches lol.
Thanks. It's not looking good. I think Monday is going to be a hard day.
lol.. That's funny
[4 - 1] DC United beat NY Red Bulls
new phone looks great!!!
I don't beg for followers. All have free will to follow or not follow.
Poor Hawking hope he can shake the Respiratory Infection!
VEROniCUN is my angel. She is lying for Baytoe about his father-in-law not having property in Juarez near Yarbrough bridge, even if he does.
Eric, meet Ryan... Ryan meet Eric...
Thank you Kate!!!
ha! i've heard of fresh water sharks, but not as far inland as cedar creek falls. the place is gorgeous;
I feel like a waste of time <U+E058>
Espana tonight! 10p.m. drink specials all night long!
Thank you for the RT. It's interesting to see how big brands behave online
ITS MY BIRTHDAY!:-)
#Yankees are making this kid look like Nolan Ryan
Tsukiji market stall...it really, really doesn't get any fresher than that. Enjoy Tokyo!
Yes, in DBOX! RT : RT if you’re going to see #Avengers again this weekend!
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!54
Knicks lose, Rangers losing, Yankees win, Mets playing now in Houston. That's New York sports in a tweet.
hi! You might not remember, but in 2008 I used your blog in my Good Mom/Bad Mom class. You v nicely emailed w/ 1 of my students.
I wish and still would hangout with me bc I miss how close I was with theem /: you two suck as bestfriends lol
Dear , I don't think you guys were done beta testing & ironing out the kinx in the new desktop player. Can I have access to old 1?
Ooh! Me! RT : Looks like I'll be going 2 next month. Which of my #spacetweeps will be there? Looks like a stellar lineup
yes its Stacy. Great memory!
Winner announced at 8 p.m.!!
A baby dropped his bottle so when he went to pick it up I #pulledacrosby and punted it across the room. Kids stink.
nun, on heartgold, and you? xP trade me so i can get gengar, and a fire stone lol
When so many are lonely as seem to be lonely, it would be inexcusably selfish to be lonely alone. - Tennessee Williams
If your ancestor was a pilgrim, give thanks that the Native Americans decided to feed their starving butts.
I'm so glad you liked it! thanks for reading!
Thanks for sharing! :)
Goodnight y'all. Prayer time <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Food truck playing Grateful Dead loudly. Step away from the food truck.
I'd rather have a root canal while listening to Tiesto than watch Celebrity Cook-off with Rachel Ray & Guy Fieri
We’ve come a long way. Keep moving forward. So important to remember. Make sure we don’t take even one step back
#whenwomangetmad it's because some dumbass man did something to her..
Got ROCKED at work. My next day off cannot come soon enough.
All all nite & 9pm more Britney than you can handle! Oops, I did it again!
Special Shout out to the members of Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority, Inc. Celebrating 104 years of service to all mankind! Skee Wee!
Thanks! : D
Country music has really brought this show to a grinding ^#*<+% halt.
well you messed up my hair so I think you deserve it. Ha.
But don't you know that the one who gets the most gets to dethrone Tila Tequila's claim to fame?
Watch Perspective tomorrow at Noon where we will talk to Tuskegee Airman Beverly Dunjill #Tuskegee Airmen
Wow listening to the song 'High Violet' by and the lead singer sounds a lot like Johnny Cash. Check it out. Great song too!
Dude I'm like really proud of my one pager :D
AIKI - when 2 opposing forces create a confluence of energy
... joined the 21st century on his own!!
Watching Unsung on the Ohio Players. Man these cats were phenomenal.
Happiness in marriage is entirely a matter of chance. Jane Austen
Hey sweet baby birds whats goin down??? thanks for the follows great havin ya here!!! did ya COME to my party last night????
RT : Rockin my brand new "JOIE" shades by Velvet Eyewear on the red carpet last night! Thank u xoxo...
I had a lovely childhood, but books (mostly fantasy) added new dimension & possibility to my world. Books=bigger world :)
it's ok(: I found it on YouTube (:
And now we give the kibosh to our friends at Amazon. Hedging works when short overvalued securities even in bull markets.
Stop Saying I - now on rotation Thanks !
Great to meet you too!
imy! How are you?
The Crew is working on 3 custom birthday cakes followed by a 4 tier #WeddingCake tonight so stop by if you get a late night craving :-)
wait, what's tomorrow?
I'm honestly not in the mood today !
Congratulations to Dr. , recipient of the Joseph Grier Distinguished Professor Award
Ivy is wagging her tail in her sleep.
She cnt stay single can she smh wat a shame
Go DD...stay safe for another week!!
I have never, ever felt so beautiful and feminine.
#FirstWorldProblems ;))) RT : It's pretty grim here in my office by the beach.....
so I'm cheating on you? K cool
I'd see if he takes Wilson first. Then Bumgarner.
Is there any answer when CC is gonna pitch next in my opinion he should pitch on Monday when Verlander takes the mound.
“: "Every man mistakes the limits of his own field of vision for the limits of the world." Schopenhauer”
yeah. made it over the 3 day hump.
seeking the intersection of the systems and the stories
whoa, missed that...Happy belated birthdaay :-))
fuck yu bc no matter how much yu hurt me , i'm still here & i still love yu .
Running Windows XP Pro painfully slow on Mac via VMWare Fusion. Any recommendations?
Wednesday is my birthday, I hope a happy birthday on your part
About to bump some Nicki ;D
"The LORD lift up his countenance upon you, and give you peace."~Numbers 6:26
I don't feel bad for anyone who gets in trouble because for once in their lives they didn't get their way and cussed out a teacher.
RT : Search is your brand's telephone number
There's nothing hotter than a guy who listens....to find him call live links.
Slide guitar ... slide whistle ... same difference
i havent been w/out in forever!!! and im too lazy to do anything about it.. who wants to be a delivery boy today???
Easy DVD Creator 2 Get for Free include serial download - blank dvds 8 5gb
Me, too. Work and school have been insane the past few weeks. I miss twitter and my blog. :-(
Thus weather getting me sick
Money Player
Who wants a "Fire Roenicke" t-shirt? Now taking orders...
People who sing out of tune should be deported and shipped to their own island.
Its mothers day I'm headed to see mine and there's a lady in the cvs parkinglot wit a flat tire lol do I help
Had a good heart to heart Directioner conversation with and Gotta love them.
I'm sleepy waiting on Torrence.
conference for community organizing & school reform - follow the convo at
Don't know why I chose fitness for P.E, gonna have to start jogging daily starting from tomorrow....
Rain or shine you can always count on Mr.D's to provide a rainbow of colors for you to choose from when painting your home"We Love to Paint"
Teens Books Hangout New mysteries - new books for teens
It's getting cooler all the time! Oklahoma Home Repair can keep the cold air out! Upgrading, Repairs, Maintenance, and Remodel. Call us!
Great first hour - and one more to go! Enjoy the news and we'll be right back. Mail the show during the break:
Forever is a long long time. But I, wouldn't mind spending it by your side.
We believe we are ahead of the music industry. We offer a free market approach to success!
Very welcome. Contact us @ & become part of our soon to release mobile guide app
so pretty! Congrats on your PR!
Wednesday Would Be D.U.I. Court…The Judge Would Announce Each Defendants BAC Levels…Spectators Would Clap For Those With The Higher Readings
Robert Mirabal says to #NM don't get xray'd at airport. Go for pat down & pretend it's a full body TSA smudge.
it has been a week since it was out in the morning. It makes me depressed when it is yucky! I send you some! :-)
He was actually a lot younger than his "contemporaries" in Dad's Army. I think he was in his early 50s, if that.
You're most welcome, enjoy! RT Pumpkin Soup almost done. Thanks
The Nets have now become The Oakland Raiders of basketball with their new logo. Still a badass logo though!
Whatever you like RT FB friend posts asking for good workout songs. Girl posts T.I. as suggestion. I burn her house down.
srry I replied late, how r u?
We're pretty excited about our FIRST show since the Rock 'n' Roll Rumble TOMORROW NIGHT!
Hey!! Follow back <U+E328> thanks luv xoxox
I need my money A$AP
Always something new with the dog keep up the good work for what you do dog god bless you
I love peonies!
Her new stuff's pretty great, but I'm a Jagged Little Pill junkie all the way. I think it's one of the best albums of all time.
If anyone near atlanta wants to sell drum & bass #dnb jungle vinyl record dj collection for CASH or knows anyone that does HIT ME UP!!!
Thanks for the #FF! Love your blog post on King cakes. Had no idea this was a custom. Tres cool.
Cinco de mayo in this b ..
Nope, but this is FRIED PIZZA we're talking about.
I could never forget beauty to that extent
even the sun sets in paradise
Do you have class today? If so, bon courage! If not, enjoy our last day of vacances!
Three things I learned while watching last night's #idol -- hear 'em around 7:30 on
You have a beautiful website. I love it !
Reports are coming out that Junior Seau has committed suicide! Sad
I don't have anywhere to sleep tom. in Seattle - please help -
idk but he got a number
DEEP BREATH...ah.. it's Friday! I'm off of work early and am getting ready to snuggle up and finish a couple of good books
hey you should follow me <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
I got a great idea for a reality show. It's called "dancing with the people who are actually trained dancers instead of fame whores"
I am at the Thurgood Marshall Judiciary Building by Union Station
u get em?
officially a Wheel Watchers Club member! I'm ready to win that vacation prize, Pat!
100% true, but that's not the point.
RT : In a relationship you gotta realize sometimes your partner needs their own time..
“: Good morning, looks nice outside.” Have a wonderful day!
Can we get #3on34Niebs trending. Can you give a shout out to your followers? We've got money to raise! :) Thanks so much
Movies later
Two Mexican journalists found help to make a source says head of businessman David Koch Robert Pattinson.
I WILL be one of those 400 people;)
Listening to Somebody I used to Know right now because of I luv her so super much!<U+2665>
If you can, help others; if you cannot do that, at least do not harm them. -
me and Blevins
Instead of saying you watch the mainstream news, just say, “Me like puppet bags who make mouthy happen.”
I don't even know what that means...??
I'm so beyond tired it's crazy
sorry kris. Could do a call, but won't be able to be there in person. Let me know.
What a night.
damn right it was. Need to do it again asap
loll you DONT have any swag CTFU
in the mood to retweet stuff ... hope u don't mind
If I was your girlfriend I'd never let you go! Swag swag uh yeah! :)
me, because I have a beard
Had a great performance tonight at Club Orion and got to see some good friends I missed and met some new ones :-) I LOVE U ALL
i can't find you D; r u even trying?
He wasn't kidding. Those people are so far past fried that the light from Fried will be a million years reaching them.
“Nobody can make you feel inferior without your consent.” ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
is twittering
Use SHARE (Situation, Hinderance, Action, Results, Evaluation) to answer any BI question. Works for you and for interviewer.
yea me 2 but in 3 weeks im outta school
2nd biggest seller at Village Bookstore, Pleasantville NY, right behind 50 Shades of Grey. It's all about....domination!
Listening too music all day in my coolin it zone
Enjoying my Swiss Burger at Sago's with
Never Forget, Pray, Remember 11 million killed in the Holocaust & the millions killed in WWII. #Yom HaShoah #Holocaust Remembrance Day
mawnin & happy thursday
#me too..haha..RT : It's 950 am and I'm already ready for a goose and pineapple
I love myself now. Some days I don't but I try to. I think it's about at least if I try, that's all that matters.
I want 1000 followers.. please follow my page. We are almost to 600.... lets do this.. FOLLOW MISS ALEXIS TODD... Thanks
Something about finding candy wrappers in my suit jacket makes me sad. It's like, really, I can't lay off the Snickers even when at work?
Nyc's high is tampa's low tomorrow... #whydidimoveheragain?
follow it's just one button to press ;)
Thank you all for the wonderful birthday wishes. It's amazing to feel the love of so many great friends! My love goes to all of you!
Its Friday is everyone having a good time. Work hard and Play nice.
Nothing tonight. Turner's Ok. Seems like a nice kid. Not really into signing but he'll do a couple each.
Let me know if you want to change anything else on the video! Thx for all the great workouts -- I'm so much stronger now!!!
By the time I reached the end of the jury duty process, I felt a slight sting of rejection after I wasn't picked. What's wrong with me?
Oh yeah I bet the audio version of Leviathan is really fun. But then you miss the v cool illustrations!
Excellent and diabolical meeting with and today.
Virtue does not come from wealth, but. . . wealth, and every other good thing which men have. . . comes from virtue.
Erin: don't forget the extra 'p' in the #thatcampphilly hashtag! Or your tweets won't show up in the feed!
ughh i need to go shopping i need a blouse that goes with my black skirt :o HELP.!!! D:
Just signed up for - anyone use this tool for LP creation and split testing? Loving it so far! Would love some tips and tricks!
I'm just teasing you. It's because I like you.
~-+-.~ COME GET YOUR CRUNK ON..... SATURDAY MATRIX --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Thank you Phi Beta Delta for the honorary membership in your Society for International Scholars. An honor to be counted in your company.
Was given a 2012 Tahoe while my car is getting fixed. I know have this sudden urge to just want to tow stuff...this thing is a monster!
Incredible&proud she's from my hometown RT A "quick take" interview w work on breast cancer is changing lives
caught my boyfriend in a lie with tia mason
Not even a contest RT : Barry Bonds, by a wide margin RT Best complete baseball player of all time. Go.
Calling all #womenbizowners TWC is hosting a Women-Owned Business Networking Social at Slice 535 Hudson on March 20th at 6:30. Join Us!
Agree! RT : Sure Lurkers Listen. but they are tomorrows friends, allies...
And above all things have fervent charity among yourselves 1 Peter 4:8a Christian rehab reaches out to help those lost in addctions.
good! I didn't really want to explain it. Pahaha. x)
Awesome! Bring on the race photos! Can't wait to see them :)
campaigning in Laurel, Md., for the Democratic presidential nomination. (Wallace died in 1998; Bremer was released from prison in November
I'm way too quick so I get the glory :P
Sure am! In bed Palomar!! Time to start my day!!
Fustration with a thing can lead you down a path of the blank with it, it's a waste of time. That's why Faith is so important for Christians
horror i love u ^-^
just gotta say, I love your picture! Lol it looks so cute:)
“: Is there even gonna be a winter? 69 degrees” Edgar winter ..duh.
Trying to decide how to spend Cinco De Mayo. We'll give you a hint.. Big Eyed Phish and Big Leg Emma! 2 shows, 1 night, great bands!
just read a tweet that is open today. If not, guess I'll have to use the espresso machine !
way too often. Haha oops.
about 32. Sure you want to come back? :)
Thanks for coming! #fordla Looking forward to seeing 's NOgoodDEED tonight with !
I hate Travis McCoy so much
all this crying up & down my timeline , shut up D:<
Girls base their brackets off which city or state they would rather vacation in
yes, this is why we want to know what our next SD mayor is going to do to prepare. #SCCMayor forum is tomorrow.
I think I landed us a gig spinnin @ Capitol Hemp in Adams Morgan!
Joel Pett's cartoon was the straw that broke the camel's back. I'm cancelling my LHL subscription today. Sorry
Can't wait to see FIR on friday!!
11 runoffs have officially been requested, incl all 3 possible congressional districts & 5 of 6 possible statewide contests
Hey !! How have you been ((:
you're just jealous.
# 5b: Sheet-fed scanners takes up less space, normally less expensive than flatbed scanners, & are more portable-U can use with a laptop.
Yes! RT : Pierre Thomas gave the ball to his mom according to Lovely gesture. And worth the flag.
out of the house, yes, .. Though she's still in my garage, until Friday. It's John's fault because he's nice. I'm mean.
I'm sick of everyone telling me " I don't know what to say"
Hi ! Sorry everything is so crowded today. Have you been outside yet? There's lots to do and more space out there. :)
we miss you!
Thanks for the follow Heather!
Just taking a month off. I promise I'll be back.
This the shit they gonna play every station everyday
Oh well hello there again, SFO.
Hooray New York State! Equality and diversity benefits everyone!
Or my followers LAME one!!!
Day 2 ! Great speakers spreading the good news of WI sustainability manufacturing opps.
It was super cute <3 And when your face lit up, omg I think my heart melted! haha
That's because you're a hard worker, unlike those guys you work with. lol
Shoot, forgot to set a reminder for
Horny Again
I've got some Dawkins on me, but I find it hard to read while being this cramped.
1313: your really pretty and seem nice!(:
i was like....tf
Cannot believe that I am going to say this, but I agree with you. Any knowledge is obviously useful. Common sense.
Looks like has something up their sleeves...
I am a twitter novice. Just know that. :)
ok im moving to Austin next month to open up a new exciting church! Just see how far you were from there.
Close to you - maybe Open to suggestions.
Such a douche move.
uh...you must have missed the signs the night we did those awesome duets at ! ;) (somebody was flirting!)
All you need is a tiny database, highly secure and dynamic that controls all your resources and spanning all hardware. Not easy at all.
Okay, I'm back again. Not sure why since I only slept 4 hrs last night. I'll just have to let it hit me...
Clicking link in previous tweet should automatically start downloading 108MB zipped file
ot's hanging in a chow line! Good times!
Tickets for You Me At Six and The Swellers came in today. Who is trying to go? We deliver!
we can do that?! I saw that you were holding hours in the pub the other day. I'm tempted to start!
Kisses and lot's of love...
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>this lady on maury they both country
** O_O ** RT : I heard of a pregnancy turned into a worker's comp claim
#ItsSadThat There will b no more Harry Potter movies....My favorite movie series of all time.
I just feel like laying on the couch whining today. Somebody bring me a stiff drink. I'm sure it mixes well w/ meds
Thanks for tweeting the Grainger talk. It was like I was there!
w| my #twitterless sister Destiny Lamboy.
go good work in at attack center...just got in..
The Resistance Is At Me Right Now...
. Yep, ' actual title is Master Data Storyteller :)
Olson "There needs to be a degree of confidence in the process. Two election days saves a third the cost versus separate days."
Why the celtics fans talking shit? who cares about yall?
Hello! Thanks for reaching out. It's good to have allies.
oh okay understandable
All it takes is Determination, HardWork & a GoGetter Mentality that don't take no for an answer.
Haha-- more of an instructional strategy for the older crowd ;)
Its my sweet sixteen on saturday *.* woohoo :)) ..
“ There are some ppl who don't like you, simply because they couldn't get over on you. Oh Well! They'll get over it!”
I want to see 2ChainZ but fuck Boulevard Nights, waitin on Khalifa June 1st @ the Riverfront, that's where its @ for me!
I'd just like to inform you that you technically live in the future. It's still Monday night here.. or I live in the past..
Watching #Royals game. Could have sworn I saw Vin Mazzaro pitch and not get pounded. Nah, couldn't have...must be crazy.
Estime & Irvin Associates seeking for Custodian for Pasco County. Please send resume to or call (305)647-2707.
Happy thanksgiving to everybody!!!
Congrats to friend and Giant's Strength Coach on the big win today! They owe you big! Hard work pays off...
You guys fontaining?
Oh my goodness it is raining so hard!!!!!!
Get free promotion for yourself on the url on my page. let's trade follows. interested? :)
enjoyed your set last night.
Lakers got swept!
Happy Easter everyone!
Sgt. Lund in Rock Co. says body of Lee Vesely was just found by cadaver dog not far from crash, was missing since midnight Wednesday
Happy Administrative Professionals Day! We salute our own, along with all you great people out there who make it happen where you work!
at mercy collage booth:) r u coming?
dear security guards, you are appreciated.
RT : Pre-sale for our new DVD is about to end. T-shirts and numbered laminates will not be available once its in stores....
anybody know what the lakefront path looks like? would love to use it for my long run tomorrow.
go home n study! Make good decisions for ur future
how long have you been with ? (: #AskConstancio <3
what station can I hear you on these days? Need my cow fix!
I love my new zoom lens. I can spy on people
yes I'm begging please !! I want to bring my boyfriend who hates country music and I want to set him straight at your concert
we're #1! Hell Yeah. #FF this band. They is good folk.
thanks bro -kai-
I have NO patience
Bring friends / family for our night special! 5pm to close you can get a Large 1-topping pizza, 4 sodas & photobooth coupon $9.99. (Dine...
Fun= Forever Understanding Nothing
Keita starting with Cesc on the bench.
Mommies Day almost here...break bread
It sounds like it's gonna be a big madness tomorrow ! Love that place, weekly the hottest girls in L.A..!
Just tell them this is more important; they'll understand.
I don't know about you guys but I ripped off my shirt Hulk Hogan style after Gomez scored.
it is n txx me from yo app
My worst fear is you saying 'were better as friends' :/
Without hesitation! #NowFollowing :)
I just saw a Scholatic Book Fair truck. It required all if my strength not to run after it.
#depressedtweet totes son though!
thanx for the follow :)
That's so sweet of you Leana, thank you!
is right... does do that to her pretty much every week.
awesome!! I will def let you know! :)
Do you like valentines day?
Co-worker just answered the phone "Thank You for choosing ABC Co., How may I help myself?" I think she needs a break.
is this the cheep chicken thing? But it's 230am for you!
for tom is tomorrow
You're invited to anywhere I'm at brother.
ny is no were in the picture tho...
#justinbieber go on that fan site that says justinbiebersfansite.blogsite
get cspan cameras in the CO GOP situation room!!!
Chanting is half the battle!
Judge Jeanine is a schill for Mitt Romeny. NO objectivity. Fox in the box for Obnie-care. Very disappointing.
LOL, Okay, okay....ur right! :D
gonna go work.. wishing i was a celeb who get s paid millions.. but i like the fact even when there in trouble im the one who gets called
I had a dream it snowed
I was at work till a little bit ago and I've been waiting for 20 mins to see Heat highlights. So weird.
No, you can't have my autograph. Why don't you just take a picture of me, Mr. Nelson Images? #DontMessWithMe :)
oh ho ho.. Dont even get me started! Cuz I can really start bitching right now! :-@
Thanks! We find it in our daily perusing of art news... surprisingly, the more ridiculous stuff isn't that hard to find!
I just need to be careful not to spike my keyboard to the ground the way footballs players do when they've scored a touchdown.
Thanks...he was a former student. You would have liked him.
Going to Linda Ferreira-Buckley's lecture: "Problematizing the Rhetorical Life of Barbara Jordan: The Politics of Public and Private."
Dunkin donuts has a twitter account lol
I'll Start Tweeting You Again <3 I Promise(:
great impressions of Berman and Kurkjian on tonight, the only thing you forgot was a impression.
DMP, Jeff Clark, and Jeremy Groth repping students in favor of the sale of #rawmilk --
The license plate frame in front of me says navy seal muff diver. Is that real thing or is that naughty?
Also acceptable.
Thanks, my friends, for the #FF!! xoxo
is #Following : #ThankYou, I'm often preparing meals and concerned about our food chain & health I look forward to your tweets
I need to make sure my bro is good to girls but not whipped to where he spends all his money on them and ends up broke
hey, how's everything? There's KONY 2012 video that I'm helping to tell everyone to watch to inspire them to spread the word.
The world's shortest joke is two words long. It goes like this: "Pretentious? Moi?"
Korean Mexican fusion craze works both ways. Many TexMex spots in #Seoul & even Starbucks has chicken burritos
E-commerce is perhaps the greatest multi-dimensional chess game of all time.
why are you talking about crying? thats not good. anything rong?
Crumb life
She got that good good ;)
they decided to go to moms house cool but at least give me a ride or a call to let my black ass know something
Lincoln's MKT is equipped with a six-speed SelectShift automatic transmission, which offering a choice of automatic or manual control
BEE GEES - ROBIN GIBB HAS TO LEARN TO WALK AGAIN (Contact music)
"What do ya say there you pigeon faced fuck??!"
:( sadness....sorry
Oh I agree, but I don't want to start a fight with a family member, especially on Facebook.
That awesome moment when find a #bassbumping #new/old song and rock out full blast!!
OOSR, But Beautiful, Paris Trance, Jeff in Venice, Anglo American Attitudes, Otherwise Known...
Can I get a S/O or RT for my Bday please!!!!!
Happy beautiful Monday! This sun is making us anxious for summer, hope it's on its way soon.
should win! Amazing food, consistently executed and he's a genuinely great guy. Get your Creole on!
what the heecccckkk when did you find out LOL
Looking out my office windows I keep thinking it's snowing, but then I realize it's just the tree blossoms floating by. Gorgeous.
At work! Would rather be at the Tavistock or on the course!
shout out to my cousin whose birrthday was yesterday...we celebrated by goin' to the movies nd shopping for snapbacks
The EveryThing's Gonna Be Alright"_*#
saw my favorite freshie reffing tonight!
Mother and daughter killed in fire
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> I Told You You Was Gawjus & With Your Dimples
Tired as hell making the earrings is wearing me out but I so love it and I like seeing my money honeyz!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A huevo! LOL RT : You guys Ready For Some This SATURDAY!!!
Thank you for the birthday love everyone! <U+263A> appreciated greatly <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
Increase your firm’s profibility and efficiency with Firm Solutions Unlimited business process outsourcing solutions.
A whirlwind week back East, and now headed home. Boys are zonked out, can't wait for my turn to rest!
cant SLeeP..wtf lol im so going to be paying for this @ work!
Taking my first spin class in 3 years. Wish me luck!
love that song!
lmao alright then ill keep woking my magic on you ;D
My least favorite moment of the year: When everyone is singing happy birthday to u and it's awkward and u don't know what to do.
well late arrival was fun while it lasted now i have to stay at school all day for the rest of the year until the last week.
Weston School District in Cazenovia approves ref to exceed spending by $606,000 in 2012-13 by vote of 436-260
how come its hell?? Men or women?
You can count on me.
Plus I need to work on stuff this afternoon...
omg can u retweet this it will make my night <3
" They took the fish tacos off the menu!" ...."You're a Lezzzzbian"
Sweet Dreams <U+2665> <U+2665>
ride or die chick
I'm so busy with work, school, life, it's unfair.
Congrats ! So proud! Now let's celebrate <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
now you follow me:)
RT i don't trust these hoes at all... *drizzy voice
Good Morning, Watching 21 Jump Street [^_^]
today: why won't HDMI from Blackmagic card work?
Helen Nissenbaum talk today at #uic on obfuscation and privacy
#Newdirections damn they give me goosebumps when they sing.
#mygrandma is the best grandma. Fin.
Most breads were white, therefore they didn't have the germ or the bran in them
i do
GOP leading itself into Custer's Last Stand by supporting #Mitt #Romney. No real support. Party will rip itself apart after Nov
The Beatles - The Inner Light - 09:40 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Happy new year.. sorry, i posted from wrong account but nonetheless. your art is beautiful. i hope all is well.
you will be missed in the nfl and even more so in Baltimore! Good Luck
We submitted our app to the app store, we got an email saying they're reviewing it now :). Fingers crossed it gets accepted.
That's the best Combo Ever. Luck you
Tanning after ap exam >>
Mari MO! (Meant to say TYF announcement, unfortch it went to my MIL's address so got it a day ago.) What a beauty! Congrats!
Who wants a $30 gift card to Chicago?!? RT & follow! You'll get the deets via DM!
tears cant heal my pain, I cant deal with the brokeness inside me:/ its jillin me slowly. :/
morning. Did you see tehe picture?!?
Huuuhhh people kill me damn I guess they really do think you perfect! Everybody entitled to have a wardrobe malfuntion
Would be curious to hear your thoughts on what we do at Healthscape Partners. Happy Biking!
CAN-SPAM Tip 1: make unsubscribing easy & one-click. Don't hide the link in grayed-out, 2-point type. Remove from list immediately.
Unknown~ None of us are responsible for all the things that happen to us but we are responsible for the way we act when they do happen.
OH MY GOD YOU HYPOCRITE?!
Anyone else seen the show Psych?
It's difficult to try & recreate your image when all anyone knows is the bad stuff. I feel for these people. Keep doin you, rest will follow
absolutely beautiful! You still got it, never lost it. Enjoy your day hun
deep cherry - sorry don't have photos. was thinking of pairing w/ turquoise/light blue in in some way
I AM SO TIRED. Jesus... #nosleep the fucking fire alarm made sure of that..
Disappointing end to match, Timbers fall to Galaxy 3 to 1...the losing streak continues
In abstract: a neighborhood is a social construction, and a set of memories. In colonialism - a territorial collection.
vis-a-vis that Lemley/McKenna article on IP and substitutes: many goods, not just media, are "IP goods." Any goods with a strong brand, e.g.
Who tf have spinners still ? Lmao .
saw that Pete. Appreciate it. Fantastic kid and will be a steal for someone.
Sorry we wont be out today for lunch, our pitas dont like to be cold, hopefully see you tomorrow.
Come On Guyyyss. Let's Keep #MattHunter Trending please(:
“And in the end, it’s not the years in your life that count. It’s the life in your years.” – Abraham Lincoln
what happened that was embarrassing ?
Really enjoying reading "Only Yesterday" by Frederick Lewis Allen, a social history of the U.S. in the 1920's. Definitely parallels today.
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Justin Roberts °Rising 8th °Indianapolis, IN °Travel Team: Indy Hoosiers °Point Guard 5’11
we can't end the IU game! I know it's about money but it makes us look scared, especially after the buzzer beater!
Hey No Glass Box - 2363 Yes - 2340 What donor is going to want to put their name on a box the students don't want.
Thanks for the follows Andy and
Hanging out in Kansas city, what to do.
Tired..bored..wanna go home... -_-
. I hear ya.. I get the military discount either way. Shoot at people = Cellular Discount
Oh yeah, let's not forget, GO ROCKIES !!!
Not going to Cali anymore change of plans so gonna hit up the gym soon for a couple of lifting sessions! Later!
the next 6 people to follow will get followed by me and <---FOLLOW5
like the roles have been reversed!
I bet you look gorge.
If you wanna talk about me miss
come to the WSSP1250 NFL Draft party @ #CENTERCOURT @ 6PM TONIGHT FREE WINGS AND PRIZES
noted and retweeted. thanks! (inbound or outbound this morning?)
I am glad you did not decline me
Planning a 3 day trip to #WashingtonDC, so many places to visit. Anywhere else I should visit while there?
I'm doing very good! How about you? Been a while...
I bet on a horse at ten-to-one. It didnt come in until half-past five. Henny Youngman
keep dreaming about the division banner. Rivalries are made in the playoffs
but is it true to myself? hahaha I'm having a minor identity crisis about this
Get out and enjoy this AMAZING weather:) #LiveMusic at 7 with Tony Rey!
Scot Copeland: "really had no exposure to theatre growing up. I went to see a one man show of Mark Twain."
Ah that sounds like so much fun! Have a blast!!
there is nobody else; it's gotta be you. only you.
RT : Have you downloaded your #JCCBiennial app? Almost 400 folks have. www.biennial/jcca.org
Curry sold out two years ago - he's (sorta) off the hook - it's the people running the place now...a little warning woulda helped
haha good point
Chris Bosh expected to miss the rest of the Semifinals due to abdominal strain.
i try to keep the spirit of it, no bread products, grains, legumes. quinoa sure *seems* like a grain!
Happy Holidays to all!
As an intern, I'm going to do what it takes to get to play on - Request "Sexy To Me" by texting 22997!
heading to the post office to drop your rainbow key fob care package in the mail this afternoon!
Graduation from this life to the next means you must live a fulfilling and meaningful #earthlife to truly
What a game!
whats your dreams now bro?
Making muffins for my mommy (:
I find myself wanting the hawks to win it all, just so can get himself a ring, think he deserves it if anyone
Can willow hire me.. like that gurl is a hot ass fucking mess. She needs a new look
Generation med: Today on the show we talk with one young woman who has spent a lifetime on psychiatric drugs
I'm glad I found you! I'm looking forward to joining your network and learning more about what's going on.
you, sir, are ratchet.
or however you spell it ROFL
One regret I had from NYC is that I didn't go out more there. I'm not going to have that regret here in Chicago.
dubstep needs a more descriptive subgenre for non-brostep! ;P
Start your great weekend with a 9:30 or 11am vinyasa flow with Natalia! See u on the mat!
>> We Provide Quality #Specialty Items…#Discounts Available…
Thank you, Bohemian Rhapsody, for waking me up this morning.
why would someone hate you thats mean :( im sorry :(
Preschool age kids are NOT getting enough time to play outside... says Seattle Children’s Hospital study. They need 60 minutes a day.
good luck at ur game today(:
If ur not waiting...... U will soon b waiting! So decide now how u will spend that time!
How about all three?
I hate when girls act dumb on purpose because they think it's cute and funny.
You found my dock yet?
Going to a Super Bowl party?? Need to bring a side dish?? Check us out @ www.execcatering.com for our variety of “Take & Bake Meals”
Thanks for following
Great photos!
That was a good one dude hahahaha
Need to get to bed early, 14 hrs of #travel tmrw. But to for dungeness crab for dinner!
we wanna see this shit.
Yeah, I happen to have a bunch of friends who are Jesuits, so I'm not exactly surprised. But it's still awesome.
I’m predicting “discombobulated” will be next. I’ve already heard it once this weekend.
Who wanna b my 6000th tweet??
Adams..."It's frustrating now, but at the time you say, okay it's 3-1, let's not get too worked up about it."
Wait, who's stupid? Too, to and two learn the difference moron
#bestbritishbands Coldplay, Mumford and Sons, The Beatles.
My feet killing me
Working on 14 different event contracts. Trying to keep them straight.
Are you available for a quick chat over the phone? We'd love to connect and explore a potential partnership. Thanks!
Waiting for a commercial that just says,"Hey you, buy this!"
I think his story is great. I just wonder if parts are stretched for tv. 4 min before 1st start he meets his dealer in the rain?
LOL! Good pic!!! Going to see u when u come to Louisville! #BlownAwayTour I'm excited! Can't wait!
Seeing who you was 3 years ago is very shocking...
OMG. Lmao didn't even notice. Hey, this week has been long as fuck. So exhausted. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Just found out my shows are musicals. While I'm pretty happy w/ them, I'm pretty sure they've got nothing on 's 44 mirror balls
I've got a Brenda Song "We like chips, We like fish, We like peas, We like Brendas Chippie, in Sheffield Please!"
lkasdjhkasdjhf your mom is sending me pics of you two. CUTE.
Angel's housewarming is today
Blink 182's "Feeling This" force you to abuse the repeat button? Yea, me neither.
Thanks goes out to Colleen for becoming our latest backer!
It's b/c I'm active.
Penis and coffee make me happy. That is all.
fierce is what I was going for
What's with all the fake red hair on tv?
#20ThingsAboutMe: I don't put up with bullshit
Now selling the GO UNO laser printer that speeds up/keeps screen printing projects via heat press & 1step stencil-making in YOUR shop.
Whence this double high?
First Dogtown, now Sol (second the tofu burrito love)...now I want both.
Heads up! More art and photos are being posted soon.
like old spice swagger? lol
oh no why how can I help???
At the ocean!
Planning a summet trip back home to Buffalo then hit up Toronto, and The Big Apple . Time to make my list of places to eat!
No need to teach an eagle to fly.
THEN COME AND CUT ME YOU WHORE!!
“: Grinding the 30k winnin o the green at the bike, time to get back in track after rincon #RunGood rep'n my ” <---GL!!
"24 hours in a day, 24 beers in a case. Coincidence?" --Stephen Wright. 24 days left until
so you will be helping kids with autism?
YouBetterKnowMe I worked my ass off! but youll get next one gl
same for me.. except the guys I like always like someone else.
it's true he just spoke his mind damn shame game 2 blow out
Go to sprint they send me to apple -__- now watch apple send me to sprint
Watching Hook ---> classic!
I live down the street and still can't leave the house!
i guess 9 pm is a little early for bed.
oh this is a weight LOSS challenge? I assumed it was weight gain. We're doomed.
"The single biggest problem is the illusion that it has taken place." George Bernard Shaw
The sun set so beautiful
. that was quite possibly one of the greatest Monday nights w/ my clothes on ever. #COLBYS!
Cinco de Mayo- check. Kentucky Derby- check. Free Comic Book Day- check. Birthday party- about to go to. What a great day!
well said! rt I think it's ratings gold. Ben is awesome. Not much time to get over Ashley though.
hi back :)
Smile when you give. Its good for the cheeks! :-)
So today is twitters 6th birthday, protestors are up in arms over a teenager being shot, Syria is hell on earth & its summer in March.
Wish I could stop thinking about....everything! Any tips on how to clear your mind? I do breathing exercises already.
yikes I just saw this! I hope everything was wonderful.
Whats wrong with it besides it being in Chicago? lol. Ill be there in 1 week for a layover to Vegas
RT : OSX is for building websites, Linux is for running them, Windows is for testing IE
Listening to and at 5am =
Received an awesome grade on my huge ethics paper I had to write last weekend! Sweet!
Captains meeting this Thrusday THIRSTY-LION
Watching the ravens take Courtney Upshaw I remember the Pack taking Mike Neal over Terrence Cody. Don't think the outcome will be the same
#RObotz TONIGHT is the deadline to buy ur #RObot bracelets. If u get the platinum bracelet u get flown to LA & go to ro's EP release party!
- nice shot of the #LAPD #helicopter! good trigger finger!!
“: Well feck me sideways that was a long shift!” HOT! Not the long shift... Lol
Did the TSA guy really need to tell everyone "and no lent in your pockets either." TSA=open mic night at the security line. Thanks D-bag!!
Kid at work drive me home and drove around/ listened to Real Estate.Got to love chill times w new people
“: Tips for two-wheeled adventures in Southeast Asia. #lp #travel” for cambodia try Battambang-pursat-cardamoms and back. 5days
eating Breakfast ... wssup for the day ?
I will be in a Discovery Network show coming up this summer. With props.
i see you maan
Make your accomplishments seem effortless.
Thanks Liz! Have a great weekend!
that would be me!!! Lol
im good, and urself?
See you on Saturday!
Yea all the time
38 hours next week. big paycheck
#oomf loves me ;O
Ha okay : na it's okay :p
You'd think these teams wee tied for LAST place they way this Brewers-Cubs game is going. What? Never mind.
Ima be on a gangland
Our character is the result of our conduct.
I tried to DM you back but I won't go through. My email is
Just arrived in #desmoines for the #ITEC11 show!
i bought component cables for mine and the output looks great.
couldnt have said it better my #self #TeamSelfMade .
There's A Party On 5th Ave!
Things are looking dire after a Lorenzo Brown floater extends the lead to 7 for NC State. JTIII called timeout, just under 2 minutes to go
I wanna love somebody like you
I know, it's an odd thing, but it's important here in the states, many people can't drive stick and it's used in films a lot. :)
Lots of fun! Not as hard as I thought it would be. Also gratifying to speed past cars on the Roosevelt bridge into DC.
I love
Replaced my front disc brake's pads. Ridiculously easy compared to any form of rim brake. Going to try stopping at traffic lights today.
Having same prob. Why do I keep watching it? It's a feminist impulse, I think. I want it to be better, to succeed.
isn't "hoarfrost" one of the best words?
You're welcome. Little ones are great. Just keep me really, really busy. Enjoy spending all this time with them but its hard work.
tickets available for CHICO'S ANGELS Halloween Matinee at 3PM
It was on mine last year. It sucks. | “: Just realized Mother's Day is on my birthday this year. Hate it when that happens.”
What's your most prized #anthropology book? Anything rare/attractive? I have a psychedelic copy of The Interpretation of Cultures from '73
Piña Colada to start the birthday festivities <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B9>
Yeah yeah. I was more hoping for a Top 10 team. Like UNC in 09-10.
when r u fucks going to invite me over
thanks love!
Nothing like some very ripe strawberries. :)
A good hockey player plays where the puck is. A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be. --Wayne Gretzky
Totally agree Josh. Our President talked about how we are all Americans...but his policies say otherwise. How's it going
TY for follow !
I think I just had a very adult break up. Hm
The power went out at my house and my garage door will not open!
I'm posting a twitlonger about how I feel cause I'm tired of keeping it inside. I'm not asking for pity I just want to get it out
NEW coconut flour orange cupcakes with coconut icing-available for Mother's Day. gluten-free, sugar-free
doing your thing in the mia.. been awile since i seen you play man.. back when you played for the claws
Cheryl's career? a bit harsh but yeah, it's pretty much dead
Ahh... Breakup season is upon us.
yeah. Ahh. Do you have your mothers phone?
@ nathanhutnak Thanks Nate! Congrats on your gig too, looks like things are coming together!
Great Win #Brewers !!!
JERKFACE ( : bored af text me then .
That's what's up
what's wrong?
i love you. ok? seeing tweets from you to all the other ICONiacz makes my day, you make them so happy madison. never stop<3
Yes please. This sounds amazing!
Make up your damn mind
Had a crazy night last night . Ended up makin about 5 crazy beats
Old Colony Historical Society in Taunton opens new exhibit, holds annual meeting - Wicked Local
have a great day sweetheart
Bottomless Mimosas until 3pm, only $12! Enjoy our great wine tasting all day and our Stuffed Dates wrapped in prosciutto and roasted. Enjoy!
Great. Thank you!
Now I beseech you, brethren, mark them which cause divisions and offences contrary to the doctrine which ye have learned; and,,Romans 16:17
“That's crazy” when you haven’t been listening to someone.
I love u!
Too many commercials #AMC! Come on! Show us
Lost Without You <3
“: Are you the team that will reinvent and reimagine our purpose, or the team I have to fire because you're holding onto the past?”
Keeping up the the Joneses is a problem. Also, a lack of (simple) focus.
Looking forward to meeting and #AdamVinatieri tonight at our company Draft party.
Just got the email I've been waiting for... Guess that means I better get back to work!
Fever & dizziness. I should go back to bed.
. plans DREAM Act alternative on paper in next few weeks
Back to work tomorrow :( huhuhuhu
If you know #MY-CHEMICAL-ROMANCE, Tomorrow is #IEROWEEN, Frank Iero`s B-DAy IS TOMARROW, AWESOME!
- I hate you. Do not tease me with photos of the goodness that is Irish nachos!
Twitter looks god. Melikey!
only clue I can give is on Connecticut Ave!
okay twitters. you need to go eat at BELLA PASTA ON RIDGE ROAD WEST ROCHESTER .... ITS AWSOME.eat in or eat out.
:) how u been? RT : #awesome RT : Love my new blender!
Wizards of AHHHHHHS. The #Lakers have been outscored 32-7 by Washington.
I know I know lol
Downstairs neighbor kid: "I see Jupiter!! I see Jupiter!!" Would be so much cuter if he wasn't screaming it at the top of his lungs.
#NYMets in #DC staying at Ritz Carlton Pentagon City, Arlington VA
William Blake: What is now proved was once imagined.
Idea: Shop until you drop and then come on over to Label 7 for our Napa Hour!
I have an amazing story about a female who just broke 28 powerlifting records-including 8 world records.Her age will surprise u.
I Mad My Mom Just Said that.
thought u went with the rest of the homies
“You have to learn the rules of the game. And then you have to play better than anyone else.” -Albert Einstein
I don't much like Mark Zuckerberg, but i do like that he's wearing hoodies to meet business folks.
on the Northside or in Greenwood could definitely accommodate. Let me know if you need any contact info.
Free or cheap iOS apps are changing the economics for blind people looking for useful tech, says
we are cleaning carpets. www.keepitcleankarpets.com
Getting ready to rock out w/ The Moncho Poncho.
#ReplaceTheMovieTitleWithSwag Swag Club
indeed, it's a few blocks from where we live now.
I really wish would follow me:b
I love your Style and I love your Hair! And I love your tan! AND I love your face!!!!!! AND I LOVE YOU!
hahaha Asian joke again huh ? :-) running out to shit to say ? Aww poor Christian . Listen idk why you an Jeff wanna pick me
good food, good people, good convo! cc:
Just to let everyone know Big Russ who usually takes care of this is on Vacation and I just don't have time Rockin Rob
We have almost survived Carmeggedon. It's the end of the 405 as we know it. Just stay off the 666.
thank you thank you and back atcha
Wow wade just fouled out!
Wiz Khalifa was arrested in Nashville. How's that for some street cred for this Honkey Tonk Town?
going to hollwoody tomorrow
Miamians can't spread their love over 2 much less 3 mega stars
the Good, the Bad , the Ugly we will miss you all RIP
good morning. have an awesome friday.
Conference crud + unstarted presentation due thurs = hiding under the covers all day.
Fair point. Says something that an admission of scientific fact counts as moderation.
Lol :) <3 I miss you too and I have been doing alright my love thanks for asking but how are you doing :)
Yum, who would have thought you could get that at the World Forestry Center!
nice work!!! keep it up!!!
God damnit, I want those Hot Toys Hawkeye & Cap figures so much. But I don't have 400 bucks. :(
Bess Fox with the Egan tech save #marymountu!
It's my mommas birthday! Fighting the urge to jump on her bed and wake her up.
yow i was cool with my boy teamloud today
when you see me on ellen, just admit that im winning
RT : #Jobseekers who Include quotes fm supervisors, teachers, others who support you, can add pizzazz/credibility to your resume
Here we go Brohyde gear on just ran through the set bout to hit the door !!!!!
hate it when that happens. Happens too often.
Yeah, I guess, but it's really like ... stupid, lol.
No way!!! Andre the Giant rules. Come on! He was a friggin GIANT!
First two parts of the Euryhthmics final done and no one even died!
perhaps not your most glamorous moment...
Besides school, education in life is the best inheritance parents can give their children... DO IT!!
no i thought i saw in your followers and is my cousin
Just looked up if dogs can eat tofu. They can but they will have gas... Sorry Reggie and mella <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
nice shot!
RT Novell migration completed successfully. As an end-user, I didn't notice a thing - excellent job!
Mat 6:24 No one can serve two masters. For either he will hate the one and love the other, or else he will hold to the one and despise...
so woke up this morning and decide to tweet all her emoji…GROW UP….gosh
I need to organize the people I follow on Twitter into lists. Im beginning to experience update overload.
hopefully it will work out. I really miss the way it was, u kicked back on ur stool. U & Mr. Leno conversing & ur ball caps.
Headed 2 idea swap/shop event re: education connecting w new community connector as well c u there
Actions prove who someone is, words just prove who they want to be.
Only three weeks until GROSVENOR SQUARE's release!
Please keep the #FF for AHP coming! I appreciate the support <3
Has anyone created timelines with an iPad? What did you use and how well did it work?
gotta go with the Yotes.
Good night(:
Im going to open my presents at 12(:
Sure did :)
Thanks for the early morning S/Os you guys are awesome!!
Why when men get sick they act like they bouta die Smh its just a cold dang
Wrapping presents yet? How about wrapping your house in efficiency? Insulation, air sealing, lighting, boilers, furnances...all make merry!
That IS interesting! My son says it and he's mid 20s so I figured you couldn't be MUCH older...
can I get a follow back?!?!
Just enjoyed a great visit from old friend and former team member - He's working on some cool stuff and STILL cool as ice.
Bucks BLOW-OUT Lakers in LA. Great team effort tonight
real fucking talk !?!?!?!
Just finished a 19 mile ride. Freezing cold. No one on the Hudson bike trail. I feel fantastic.
You're beautiful. (:
Lmao damn dude imma die of a heart attack LOL
Sharing The Love: Adoption a good option for growing families - Gadsden Times
driving through WV was the first time I saw eagles I the wild. What a gorgeous state.
Bacon has jumped the shark.
lol good. In piano class.
Amazing meal at the east coast grill and even better independent flick at Kendall
See you then. Thanks for thinking of Hubig's!
mhm think what you want to think cuz justin bieber is forever and always uhm not you ! so ur in DENIAL
thanks guys!!!
Jornaling helps. Read Artist's Way? Neato. I don't know how it works, but it does.
Thanks for the RT !
ya lol. we put everything onthe net eventually
Dont Trust Shit Even If Devil Was An Angel
#RUSA slate: proud 2 support Kathleen Kern, Anne Houston, Celia Ross, Tina Baich. & #MARS folks, I'd appreciate yr vote 4 Member-At-Large :)
The Cupid Shuffle. Love showing the moves on the dance floor. ;-)
": Can't believe the Bottom 3 tonight! So shit, so unfair. I hate it. I'm so annoyed right now."
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may eventually get to be a boss and work 12 hours a day. !Robert Frost
OMG my favourate song
Super Bowl XLVI slogan: "This one's 4 Myra"
Your very welcome. Have a great weekend!
hard enough to chip diamonds right now #ThatsSexyAsHell #AVN #Boobs!
"Women do so much during a day we don't even know we're doing it," Bertice Berry.
lmfao what if they made that...
Sports Day is an chance for children with disabilities to participate in individual & team games. 12pm Sat in the gym.
that is weird. I read numbers backwards sometimes.
#ugh enough said
Have twelve pages of notes set for teaching fh Sunday School class tomorrow for 5th Sunday lesson. Nervous? Yep. Prayerful? Always.
I'd sure like to know but, my god, all the personal info they want n the ridiculous surveys. Sadly I'll have to do without...
it stops in mequon. they have no need up there, except for shevegas.
Thanks for passing along our info!
do I have to say anything specific or?
#FF She sings great country music.
Ok, being sick fucking sux. I'm going out. I took meds & smoked some herbage, I think I could make it.
I'm getting excited for this summer, now that it's finally fucking started.
RT "We are disturbed not by things, but by the view which we take of them. " - Epictetus
All out of that
Come out to the 1011 tonight We are playing with a frayed knot, suckerpunch, better luck tomorrow, Carson and in her own words.We go on at 8
I lived there for 2 years. IT'S SO AWFUL.
Oh, THERE'S that headache I've been waiting for!
So many chances for the Clips tonight wow they blew it
Rain Man is such a boots movie
omg I luv Biron..his eyes are amazing!
Yes! Enter id/pw twice AND set security questions?? Talk about overkill.
That's reassuring. Now to learn when to persevere and when to pull a "life is short, and the library's large."
I was so nervous though..I think I embarrassed him a lil.. :0
Cotto? Fa Real?
Have a great time! They always love seeing you!
Awesome! Hopefully you'll be able to schedule something with them! :D
there are two new James in my life: James Maslow and James Lafferty! ;)
STAMPED-N-DIVAS ARE THE HOTTEST DIVAS AROUND
thanks, you too! In Chicago now. Ashley was on my flight!
aye bro
Yeah that Samsung ad was amazing. And to think Steve Jobs didn't believe in a stylus in a mobile device. I so want that Galaxy.
Always unplug large appliances if you’re heading out of town for an extended period to eliminate potential hazards like electrical fires!
I knew it was gonna rain -.-
Here we go...
Come morning light, you and I will be safe and sound. #np "Safe and Sound" <3
Inkling appears to be the solution the marginalia problem I was discussing with someone the other day.
At haunted hayride with then #KillerElite :-)
The possibility of no more new episodes of The Simpsons after this season would be weird. I was 10 when it first aired!
Just left .. Gotta thank all who showed up and participated..
...I don't even know you.
My wife think I'm playing her
Do they at u confused and say, "Duh...what is that? I had that happen to me!
Ii hate when a girl I've been wanting to sleep with asks me out, but I can't cuz I have plans tonight
Well at least the gas is ethanol free, lol.
40% of social media users are accessing social content via mobile phones. (And it's not just the kids).
Im Back (:
:-) rocks the wedding photography twitterverse! Check her out!
Never drive faster than your guardian angel can fly.
At le club with Kate Kelly and co. Oh and lol
Tnight on ABC5 News :30: Coverage of the IMT DSM Marathon, plus why protestors from Occupy Iowa were attacked last night.
Love my new iPad!
bored...me n my granddad about about 2 go 2 cold stone
Craig Owens is back in Chiodos?! Sweet!
All the kardashians' drama's been not real and just made up??
Just caught kevin spawn trying to check out maddie's butt
not only optional, but highly recommended “: Is tackling optional in this Bowl game??”
Excited to see the new look to the Throwbacks Defense
I'd like to publicly thank , , & for letting me win at #Carcassonne tonight. My wins are quite rare.
i totally agree!!!
Road trippin it listening to the RENT soundtrack. Gay. Lol
finally catching up on all my new connections made at #luckyfabb. xoxoxo!
Congrats to for a very important audition on Monday. You can do it!
So how is James Neil? Lol
Just landed a role in a short film shooting in 2 weeks & am scheduled for work almost every day next week :-) Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
My sister bday coming up.
I just had a feeling this was gonna happen & im done now
I feel like I'm running in circles with this. It's wearing me out...
Nothing on TV tonight . Boring!
A little slice of heaven is a spa pedicure on my lunch break. Thank you, Me.
I saw unhinge the #OverHeadProjecter and bump the screen to make it swing and then <U+E410><U+E410><U+E410><U+E410><U+E410><U+E410> Bye Bye
Be slow to fall into friendship; but when thou art in, continue firm and constant... Socrates
Cheerfulness keeps up a kind of daylight in the mind, and fills it with a steady and perpetual serenity.
We use wikis for immediate project updates, like who's doing what. Help through CCMS, DITA + XML.
My fucking bus came early & my damn train was late so now I'm gone be late for work. Ain't this a bitch!?!
#AwkwardMoment when I see Mr. Smaldone at Chris Gasbarro's.
HAHA so true that's probably why I stopped trying to memorize tel #s many moons ago.
If I can fly in from Minneapolis. I promise I will stop at the 414 and pick up Spotted Cow
Yard work day! Yey!
The Knicks are looking good. 2012 could be New York's year.
Stop the #SCANDAL tweets! I gotta watch it online.
I say meow a lot ... I really hate cats, though.
So we out-of-towners could fill out the survey just to pad the numbers, or you could remove us from the total. Preference?
you'v NEVER had dimples nd plus yhu had a pic of yhur face on the side or whatever nd thats how i remeber yhu as
oh okay! sweet im over here doing a lil studying myself love! Btw i see that you are super talented missy!
Late-night Bach (D major WTC2)
mine is a desk com but yes time flys
What a historic night. According to reports, #binladen is dead. My thoughts, gratitude and prayers are w/our troops. Thank you.
Reading is like eating. Whenever I finish a great story, I tend to sigh and then have an urge to go for a walk.
Did anyone else not know there was a Brigham Young University in Hawaii?
Lemon test music video >>>>>
Good day but my parents ruin it. Ha what's new...
Big Time Rush in Hawaii is seriously killing me. idk how much more i can take of this before i go on a plane and fly to Hawaii!
Hope the Council for Sustainability will join us at this month's Green Drinks #GSO on 9/21, 5:30-7 pm, The Green Bean.
thanks for the TEXAS pick prediction machine. OIY!!
I really hate when famous people don't take the time to reply back to their fans .
Anyone seeing anything? RT : O'Hare-bound Blue Line trains are experiencing delays due to police activity near Jackson
I know. It's annoying!
Thanks for the RT!
another fantastic #detention with ! Thank you Andrew, Tessa, Andrew, Brian, Marisol,
We were slammed last night at ! Thanks to everyone who came by and to for having their release event with us!
Aight , Ima Wait For You , Pistol Whippin . 'Kay ? Now Don't Go Too Far Now , Ya Hear ?
<= he gets it! This aint Vegas, Im not GAMBLING the future of the city 4 party purity
thanks for the follow back dude!
I must like Ugly boys....lol thinking bout my exes lol
Ford Sales Rise 13%
Einstein gets online archive
people always give me that weird look when they find out my real name is Amadeus Boaz
BRRRR - cover fragile outdoor plants
what's going on so who represents you
SQL Server Expert Robert L. Davis Joins Idera as Chief SQL Server Evangelist
Little to no potential.
WHOOP WHOOP.
down in flames. thats ok. still our best guy right now.
ah, those are HOT!
Getting ready for Church. <U+2764>
Trying to get back into Twitter. Let's see how this goes...
Watch for coming news. NACO re-training for existing participants to use RDA will be online based. :)
Prince tonight! woot!
shake shack! Can't wait to try that soon!
Ask us how you can get rewarded with room,show and dinner comps for all your hard gambling!
Up studying for this final...
False reports of Joe Paterno's death? Latest reports are that he is in SERIOUS condition. Family around him and he's fighting hard.
“NEW: Vehicle on fire in Broward on I-95 north ramp to Exit 27 Broward Blvd, left lane blocked.”
You know you love someone when you want them to be happy, even if that means you're not a part of their happiness
still havent eaten..
But there's so much on tv tonight!
you're a good man gonzo.
so someone stabbed me in the stomach? Poor tummy....
De nada; and happy Thursday!
I actually tuned I to te food network and the sandwich
So much to do, So little time... I'm doing it all for the fans... <U+2605>
Tip 4: It's certainly fair to ask a person about themselves. But, don't get too personal on the first date.
"Did you find what you were looking for? " my inner monologue says (No I just walked in the store asshole.)
following butto and tiger news in columbia
It's so BRIGHT!!! #nowplaying "Lights" by Ellie Goulding
In terms of unsalted chips, I get the season's unsalted kettle chips (through Amazon). Even my husband has made the switch!
have a great time at rehearsals! can't wait to see it on sunday. ;) <3
Did VO for #Firewater and will soon have screening of trailor for #BailOut, and feature #Overpass. Always exciting to see fruit of our labor
something like that ;) 1) Beat all humans at Hive. 2) Beat all humans?
Same to you!! :) RT : thanks Boris :D happy holidays!!!!
just got my vote, diggin' on your full kit knowledge and tasty fills!
thanks for the #FF! It was great to see you this week.
I will. ill have to cum over his house tomorrow
I sit here alone & I wonder why ;*
RT : God continues to bless me day in day out. Forever grateful
hurry up and get a job!!! I want out too!!!
relax we are playing solid. we have our heads on. it will happen.
Conference is done. A very enjoyable couple of days. Now a little Chicago fun tonight and tomorrow before heading back.
honestly did not see that coming. i'm an emotional wreck right now.
For those waiting for parts to my stories, I cant get to them yet cause I dont have access to a computer right now, but they'll be up soon:)
new album came out today. What are you doing with your life?
DeJesus Christ Ax.
The nerve of some people!! I'm so glad I have a daddy that sticks up for me!:)
Headed to a meeting with a major Hospital in Arkansas. Will bring in 2000 new account each month. Hope for the best!!!
Success or failure in business is caused more by mental attitude than by mental capacities. -Sir Walter Scott
: Pi Bar in San Francisco & Black Star Co-op in Austin
I'm all about school and work focus on my education and get my money nothing else really matter's ya could judge all ya want to busy to care
Make sure you check out my film IMPACT which will be released in a couple of months
Mostly cloudy, but dry tonight. Lows 46-51.
Craving food from a Chinese/japanese buffet
Ryan was sure hustling down the line
The wildest party is tonight !Better get early to avoid the line
raising hope.
I agree, they look legit
Break a leg tonight! I'll be with you in spirit =)
Grospellier Ends Mercier’s Reign Atop the Global Poker Index
nyquil when not sleepy!
Gilbert: 4. Mom's advice abt marriage, $, & children = happiness-->true only for the first two.
Seein dad again was nice always knows just what to say #gottaloveit now back to the grind
#flowers Safety Warning For Hurricane glass covers for Christmas Centerpiece - most not meant to actually be lit - glass cracks when hot !
Loved the objects. Didn't quite get the "story" of the exhibit. Concerned about the mounts for some African items & others.
Craig Owens on June 21 in Houston .__.
I think people who do t wanna pay taxes on the money they make are stupid. Yes, it's money you earned but you wouldn't have it w/o society
Wanna get high?
We all take different paths in life, but no matter where we go, we take a little of each other everywhere - Tim McGraw
Last week to enter video contest on diversity! You have until Jan 21st to make a video w/words I AM THIS LAND to win at www.iamthisland.org
Sounds so very exciting........
On the Mother Ship Baby Bubba! hahahah
Busy week ahead!
No problem. Funny stuff.
I'll think if I get to our favorite coffee shop this week. :)
What a great catch up. Korea it is! Let's do this again soon...
whenever you ready how long you home for?
A call for peace, a song for hope, rally at Cup Of Joe
nope:) good try. Lol u still kinna got a shoutout. Ill follow u anyway if I dont already:)
#Oreo cookies celebrate their 100th birthday today! In 1912 Nabisco first started selling the famous cookies. How many have you eaten?
Why did Extreme Tanning email me about how to prepare for a storm?
These comparisons need to stop - they each have a different way of Being.
I do(((: Not as flawless as you, dear ;*
The Same People You Knew In High School Aren't The Same People After Graduation....
I just got home from a friends house. Going off on how our boyfriends do a bunch a stuff we hate.
Good Morning Missy:)!
Now that lotus dropped more teams who would you like in the series
You guys are making me want to cry:,( I'll miss Austins UStreams from his room.
Need Blood Test in Los Angeles? - My Baby Mackenzie&#39;s Life ...
Apparently no amount of talent will help weiss win games.
LOL. That's a good theme! RT : Let the 80s ski outfit bday pub crawl begin!
#SAYSOMETHING is going to be a hit.<33 HERE WE COME TOP 10 CHARTS.!!
I missed Saturdays with nothing to do. Enjoying every minute of it.
Listing the Facebook stock as FB seems pretty weak to me. I can't believe people are reading all 202 pgs of their S-1 either.
#NowPlaying down to earth by
Seriously? #700Club on tv at urologist? Suddenly the catheter seems much less daunting.
Rihanna Bikinis in Barbados in Super Skimpy Swimsuit (PHOTO) Rihanna slipped into yet another skimpy swimsuit before she bids adieu to 20
Peanut butter and banana sandwich
W.Facebook.com/attackatdawnpa we're 10 likes away :) RT PLEASE! <3
Just got to , where is supposed to make a "surprise" appearance. Hope he doesn't pull a
seems rather scary! You are better off with buy in! Most businesses close the deal before the meeting
I had almost forgotten how fun writing papers is.
Yeah, it's actually from Family Guy. Sorry if you got offended.
I just want to start a big brawl with Giles.
have fun it's going to be great wish I could join you!!!!
Happy Chinese New Year!
- Prince Fielder
A "Mr. Mow It All"-type nickname isn't in the story, but we can hope!
good. So long as they were courageous !
May the Fourth be with you.
oh lol it's sprite
Fun Fact: Only 3 countries in the WORLD claim a net export of music royalty payments : US, UK, and Sweden. Why Sweden? Abba.
Good morning texts from the love of my life >>
BLOW, haven't seen this movie in forever!
One of the most talented underground Visual Artists in Las Vegas [...] SOL•SKETCHES™ has an unmistakable and unique style unlike any other.
I wanna go see The Dictator!!
Here we go!
haha I know omg u should here the stuff this kid I'm babysittings telling me
Major cramming tonight, isn't it the best??
Happy New Year everybody :D
Alphas? American Horror Story? THE AQUABATS! SUPER SHOW!?!
save the pizza boxes to waft out the pot smoke.
evil has a face, but the face of God is so much stronger...
Staff meal is balut! Wild!
Heads up base running..
: Hey Derek... Any tips on getting rounded percentages to display using json coming out of fusion tables? Having heck of a time.
thanks! hope you had a great weekend!
Headed to Capital summer party Wednesday night. Should be a great group of people from SF startup scene
Everyone who's won swag during our Twitter contests last week....your prizes are in the mail
Discussion of corp policies to include diversity: emphasize transparency, measurement and infrstructure
my phone is being obnoxious
Definitely miss the banter with Daniel or was that sexual tension! LOL
dm me your address please.?? Oh and your number too. My phone messed up but we gotta talk soon
I love Bruce Willis. He's such a hot BA.
I'm discovering that!
Whatz good world!!
Looking at the forecast in #PHX, Thursday looks pretty nice. From this point on, any day under 100 is a win.
Can I get a RT for the Champions For Kids Radiothon benefitting American Family Children's Hospital. Call 877-719-KIDS
It's okay. Everyone makes mistakes. I mean you're here aren't you?
Threw some rocks in a river thingy, and got chased by It's a good day.
Cottage Grove, LCW, Lights over Bridgeport...you guys blew the US Beer Co stage away this last Saturday, cant wait to see you again!
S/o to Nice to meet you bro! Let's collab soon.
Someone please sell me their tickets to the MGMT show at the Indy tomorrow night. PLEASE!!!
If you can't handle me at my worst then you absolutely don't deserve me at my best
nah, I moved to miami
lol just wanted to bother you! Enjoy your day :-)
“: "Death before dishonor, and I tell you what else/ I'll tighten my belt 'fore I beg for help" #Hov #Jayz”
So you're probably all curious about our beautiful event space, Santa Monica's The Language of Flowers. Well, wonder no more.
your not heartless, you've just learned to use your heart less.
Ok so... If this stupid thing doesnt come tomorrow... Im just losin all hope.
You can make fun of all your friends from Cyprus for not making the cut
HI!! Just wanted to say that I love your tattoo! =)
Checking our Tweet deck to debug it....
But I know she up above smiling away! We are so proud of him!!!!!
Excited For New Jonas Album 25
That's really a cool story. This is also a testament to his ongoing connection with the brand!
“: So do any of my followers know ? I kind of need to talk to her hah......but seriously”
I guess I'm not loved no one will follow me D:
KABOB!!!! #GetYerHogOn RT : We just donated $500 to the for 2 correct answers in the B.T.H.H.H.S.P.G.S on
Joshua reminds me of a male version of you...both of you are so talented!
cool, you made it! have such strong campaigns.
Bro, im not even watching the game anymore. Someone hit me if my boys win, I can't take it.
Tax Talk Today Features Karen Hawkins, Director, IRS Office of Professional Responsibility Presenting “Ethics Under ...
no i miss you so much, if im not too drunk expect numerous pics from my night :)
Yup, when we start the "official" podcasts they'll be on iTunes and YouTube.
Thanks to ADAPT member, Kyle, who sent this pic of himself reaching the summit of Mt. Shasta last Summer. Great job, Kyle!!!
If ur from #Wisco. You prolly do half of your vacations in state
My last nerve has been worked!
I hate psychology!!
Dear Melanie, please make that and bring it to me tomorrow. Regards, Mia.
I'm hungry.
yeah =[ so i guess we can just keep talking through twitter
Today I will have focus. On what, I do not know. ;D
is he his old self or still mean alaric? and who died?
Business relationships... how do you balance them and ensure reciprocity? How do you establish effective strategic partnerships? Tune it!
Putting your cousins sub wrapper in the bus tub but walking through the kitchen 10 times afterwards
Who uses soap?? RT : anybody else like merging the last bit of your old bar of soap to the new one, or is that jus my thing?
And collecting canned fruit & peanut butter for the Greater Chicago Food Depository - Helping feed Chicago's hungry
Sam Houston State's Antuan Bootle (St. Thomas) has 6 points and 4 boards off of the bench today. SFA leads SHSU 60-46 late in game.
I bet Kevin Gilbride, Jr had a great resume in order to get hired by the Giants
RT : Q5 What are some of the tips that you would recommend when comes to #SM networking
guys with flat-ironed hair can go along with fake ripped jeans. Damn silly!
Yes, this needs to happen! "Girl w Dragon Tattoo" "My Week w Marilyn"
I'ma go to bed, goodnight :)
Up on Reverb Nation, which is NOT the same as Reverb City....go figure
Hoping #ronburgundy returns to and the
I wanna give a heart warming S/O to for calling me back like he said he would! thanks man!!
Yummy! Did they make with chicken too? You are right; udon is
Hey Ryan! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
Agreed RT : My feeling is that any day I am too busy to run is a day that I am too busy. -John Bryant
Make plans to watch the Pacquiao vs Mosley fight here! 6pm. $10 cover. Live music to follow. great fun
Can I pay you to come to Wisconsin? (sincere)
Don't text me saying "yer" or "ur" or any variation of mistakes in simple spelling and expect me to acknowledge you.
I want to give you a big Happy Birthday and many more. And I have to say you look fabulous .
Welcome bella Very tough classes
Only being able to breathe out of 1Nostrol ! ... <<<
yes I got the godfather DM, the link hacked me. I Sid not say you did! Learn to read. Thanks for the laugh, :):)
that's really sad. what happened?
Live well. Love much. Laugh often <3
sounds like michile jackson on
Pedicure ruined 5 seconds after you walk outta the nail place. Yup that just happened.
we went to drop off my older brother :/
i love how its just us tweeteing :P
Thank you, she was my baseball diva. She and my mom raised me on baseball.
thnk lord for the money
Good morning, friends. I'm watching Melissa Harris-Perry's show on MSNBC.
Sometimes I hate this bs!!!!!!!!!
digital photography.
aha(: Sometime si wish i was famous like him ... i live in vegas so there are plenty ways just dont now the right people(:
nope, I enjoyed that one as well.
Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.
This will be the last Round before the the conference lunch break on the 7th floor from 12:30 to 1:40.
to BUMP their noise haha
i just burped and it tasted like taco bell. wow i want taco bell.
funny thing is i couldnt find a lighter to save my life today! NO WHERE! where was the one i stole from you?
...Phelps will be pumped for his 1st start...<Im watching game fm start...he'll be nervous & on a pitch ct...be ok!
Having an amazing day & its only 1:49 .
feeling the need as well :)
I'm always up for #funtimes! The 17 or 24?
what time is the new video gonna be up !!!??? ;)
": Did you guys hear about that fire at the circus? It was in-tents. #wakkawakka" Personal Favortie of mine :)
how ur braves???
- hope you're ignoring all the nonsense being delivered by the ignorant bandwagon fans. You're wanted. You're needed.
Whatever the Heat wanted to win at Home anyway
Party at Rhonda's (Sioux City, IA) Friday! Dude, you should come! Check Facebook for event details.
See Race info featured on the Cleveland Indians website homepage today, thanks to Majestic Steel! www.indians.com
"Look guys. We're only using first takes in this movie." - The Director
Finally! A play in DC that is casting for a Chinese female actor - I'm so there!
Beautiful Day in Cleveland...perfect to celebrate! Moms, enjoy your well-deserved Happy Mother's Day!
See OneNote in action in a real world situation - learn how a consultant uses OneNote at www.iheartonenote.com
u talking about jacob because that's the truth
Brain food!
Thanks for joining us tonight Susan. Watch our blog post for the BEST of TWEETs.
now that's funny...
We'd love for you to visit--perfect evening to unwind.
If y'all thought that we were gonna leave Demi when she went in to rehab, y'all were so wrong. We are staying strong with her....forever. <U+2665>
Sources... ok, a source, tells me, Wayne White ("Beauty is Embarrassing") will appear Sat night.
Is there anyplace we can look up your signing/convention itinerary? I didn't see such a thing at your blog.
Haha when did you think everything would work? Always assume nothing works out that way you're happier when it does ;-)
Lots of people swearing off football. Remember their names come September.
Email my assistant , she can get me the info
Use Coupon Code "CyberMonday" for free shipping on all items and orders for today only!!! Is the name Cyber Monday creepy to anyone else?
If i lived in Louisiana I'd kill myself
From the sounds of my neighbors, Epiphany is synonymous with Gigantic Outdoor Party or Loud Screaming Children. Good to know.
thank you to attendees for having the courage to share their stories of #privacy violations - stories make a difference
i always think of it as 'the queue is blowing up with questions' but i guess that doesn't sound positive, even tho it is?
made more vegan cornbread, made curry popped corn for snacks, acquired cool musick, now getting some flight time while clothes dry.
u look beautiful every day but there's just something about u today. Wow!
It hit home a bit to be honest. That's prob why I loved it so much. Kat, she was like "meh".
So, thumbs up for Bonus: Ask owner Jose for rum recommendations.
hi. Who are you?
Can't wait to see 's documentary on Both those guys are amazing!
3:30 buddy!! Have a great one
Random Thoughts: Is now the time to invest i
spent the evening at the Mira Awards. Didn't win (and didn't expect to); however, big developments on the horizon. A good night, indeed.
Oh yeah its definitely a classic Joey catch phrase, lol.
I freaking love that song! :))
a top #EasterBrunch choice... Thx! RT If you're dining out for Easter brunch, Molly Durham has your needs covered.
ok cool. tell Jonathan to come thru too
I love cleverbot. Best conversations ever.
Video for you? Uhmmmm no way
thanks for your support today! Enjoy the shirts!
We are looking to book shows starting in December! Get stoked.
Wow, RIP #AdamYauch - the Beastie Boy Passed Away At 47...
Good night Twitter, Have a good week y'all!
Twitters' changed?! For what?!
Rehearsals, photo shoots, auditions, oh my!
My new tenants brought me a cake to thank me. I must teach them that its a bad idea to give sugar to the landlord. No good can come of this.
BTW gotta respect a senator who can't spell & needs a corporate-sponsored goon group to tell him how to think!
Unofficial trivia question: What was the name of the B&B where Buckley's now is? No googling. Be fair.
Appreciate sharing your concerns. Sorry for your losses. DPD has personnel to proactively fight crime.
Thanks John! Excited for her, but so far away from Mama!
thanks so much! :)
Avatar is amazing. Politics & narrative are some real Lawrence of Arabia BS, but the visuals & tech are astounding, 3D so worth it.
jammin' right outta school.
you're forgiven ^.^
Almost Nunez! Almost! Gotta love a dude who never gives up!
thank u sis
A TV can insult your intelligence, but nothing rubs it in like a computer and a wife.
That math problem that disguised itself as an English question is now off my brain. Now I can sleep in peace.
Just had a chicken fried steak the size of the state I live in. So full x.x
noni >> lol that is one funny & blunt person
I know it sucks for him, but dude can't play 3 weeks straight in the field without hurting himself.
Had never heard of Fleetwood Mac's "Albatross." It plays during the end credits of World on a Wire
was it hard?:o
Oh aha how cute, same here!
day 2 of #ActionCOACH North American conference.... started the day with a brisk walk and now I'm ready to learn!
Just had the best time there Baleens was Great! Smores on the beach had so much fun
congrats! very impressive indeed. & kudos to all of our friends who are by association linked from Wired as well Yip! :D
I just ordered a pizza from dominos from an iPhone app....complete with order tracking. I'm feeling very sci-fi.
Rivera injured no
May the 4th be with you.
I want to volunteer at a hospital, so I have to write an essay saying why I want to volunteer and fill out an application
Hooray! The SMPS Golf Tourney is around the corner- JUNE 1 - Beautiful Coronad0 Golf Course! Registration is filling up fast!! Secure your…
next year...we need to come to #Cannes with a film, let's make it happen XLT!!!
finnished with appointments
what took so long??
Damn you KB.
Just because we had a thing in the past doesn't mean I still want u :) haha
San Diego is moving & shaking. RT : Congrats on the new move, should be a great 2012 for you.
Show was canceled tonight just for my band...the guys cant make it in cuz the city is nuts with hurricane-itis
Somebody who can groove as good or even better than me turns me on.Nothing worse than causing friction instead of dancing
not sure I'll have to do anything other than work, but do you all have any tasty food suggestions for me?
Hope Dog House cleared up all their health dept. violations. Eeewww.
Thanks for following! We look forward to your tweets!
Not picking a big club was my guiding principle. Other than that it was who wont get relegated then who do I like in that group
it was great
Hahahaha i love watching people zumba
A spam emailer addressed me as Dr. Carlos A. Northern today. Looks nice. Not for some years though. At least 12 more.
haha ya actually my big brother did so :p (;
Jeepers man! This guy David Vidal is really good! he's here til about 730 tonight. Come join us if you get a chance.
Happy mothers day to all the mothers !!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6>
Oh life you never fail me when you have a glass of wine and great company to share it with!
I just saw that Bill Nye has Twitter handle, way to be first-comer!
darn! i cant do anything today cause i was gone all weekend!! :(
That's awesome! Drink a Guinness for us!
Okay. Only 2 beers tonight .......
and I will be there!
If wasn't awake at first, the sound of over 1,000 butterflies fluttering around sure woke her up!
are families going to be your target audience?
Death is the same way: It either teaches you how little you appreciated the one you had, and how much more you can give...
*sighs* I'd so appreciate it if you'd explain to how this whole thing works. #MayersofPain, my minions, help?
Before you talk, listen. Before you react, think. Before you criticize, wait. Before you pray, forgive. Before you quit, try.
See you guys Thursday!
Share your tips on achieving a great balance in life!
The Ginger limeade from is fucking bananas in the best possible way.
Quick Fact: A recent poll has shown that 1 in 5 Americans believe President Barack Obama is a practicing Muslim.
What I heard from today was seriously mind blowing. Didn't even make any sense!
Editorial – Jersey Shore, American Idol, Big Bang Theory ...
its you're lash
yep its gonna be awesome cant wait #FooD RT : The Big Taste tonight at Pier Wisconsin www.milwaukeefood.com
I take that as a yes
Hrm. Could school factors still make a difference for the small subset that get it, but aren't smart enough to teach themselves?
Some times i wish twitter had a like button.
EARTH DAY: Let us treat our Mother well!
This USF vs Notre Dame game is going to give me a heart attack.
See, this is why I can't have kids yet, I'd break them.
haha NO! I fell for that last time! Hand it over and nobody gets hurt lol!
will i have an awsome dream last night so i am going to make it in to a moive ;-)
i need a freakin cover photo for freakin facebook.
“: Here's to the girls who try to ruin happy relationships. #FUCKYOU” fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck YOU
Don't forget to "like" us on Facebook, too, for even more info on upcoming events & opportunities! www.facebook.com/linkingindywomen
The Roots. That's all u should need to know.
Even better that it's FDA Approved NASA Technology. Thank god for the future.
Fuck....every time Apple releases an OS X update my printer gets a cold....
I've said it before, but never on Twitter: is the world's best live performer.
is this U? Join the world!
just about passed. As far as rye rye I'm gonna kick his tail
When they clearly were walking and running fine the whole day!
i hope this is Russell Brand's last movie. He has to be out of retard english roles by now
RT : More than CEO's r concerned about NLRB action
I don't want to screw up this world with my ways.
But I know there's sunshine behind that rain I know there's good times behind that pain, Hey Can you tell me how I can make a change ?
Tired but can't go to sleep!!
you don't wish them ill though, right?
Such a productive night!!!
did we just dream of this day a year ago? how much has changed #Libya gives me hope ! #teamObama here in USA together we can
Where you point out that cons are closet soc. (I think that statement is a bit of an exaggeration. They have soc tendencies).
I look at the brand list for on April 28 and I'm still blown away. So many good folks. You'll want to be there, too.
Milk?? Last time i checked
Wondering if is going to bail when she sees the list I'm making for us to talk about over lunch today. Much to discuss!
That's awesome! You working there, know someone that works there?
That brief awkward moment when derrick rose closes his mouth all the way.
You know what I dislike very much? When sitting in social security or a dmv waiting zone, people who stretch backwards and get in my space.
Oh, what are they?
NYC really is huge. Subway's great too!
Squee! New colleague starts week from tomorrow. Pretty sure she's gonna be an awesome addition to our motley crew. :D
My stomach keeps growling, I don't want to eat though.
Always glad to help out - thanks for putting together such an amazing event!
Btw Kris, your auto biz depends on ppl trendy. ;)
Chick in front of me is way too loud. I doubt anyone in this lecture cares that u r ambidextrous. So STOP shouting about it!
This just sounds wonderful.
phone still off n I see now yu wanna fuck with me
Had 2 reprimand a certain celebrity blogger about her "Mariah & Nick don't seem convincing as a married couple". She got told.
cop a shirt and ill throw one in free and you can use my discount code to get 10% off and free stickers/lanyards
Stepdaughter graduating from Nursing school this weekend. Got me feeling as old as her father.
LOLOLOL, omg. -dying-
Thanks for your support buddy.
want a Blow kisses not coke shirt?lol ;)
I really like Hootsuite .Allows for multiple accounts, users, etc. also.
Thanks for the reminder, Shirley! I am now!!
today @ school we had 2 create rollercoasters my friend Faith kept calling me beautiful and stealing my penicl how dare she >.< c:
Still working it... Dad isn't surrendering to the flow
I'm in NYC won't be able to go, next time I'm in town I will!!
Thanks for the retweet. :) Let's find Basil a home!
BEAUTIFUL DAY!!! RT: : It's an absolutely GORGEOUS day. Stop what you're doing and go enjoy
good luck!! Lol
Piggy Bank Promotions is off 1/6; join us again 1/13 w/Jen Garcia
ugh i hope so or else il cry
ariel ...iz gonna send it...in a sec kk.....im skinny so....yeah
Nice! Now we've got to LT it :-)
Lottie's Lounge - your Columbia City lovechild of the 98118 dimension.
The way my nose running you can call resisting arrest !
and University Heights
Can't stand the heartless,ignorant people who are being inconsiderate about Uganda .
GOAL! Adam Novack nets his second of the game to make it 3-2 Oakland
Thank you, Matt!
The book I'm reading contains one gathering--pages 57-64--twice. Haven't seen that before.
I didn't know if thats where you really live... <U+E40D>
watching answer the call concert. #genius indeed.
it only sucks if your single dude
haa I could go to store but we don't NEED anything. Trying to stay clear of the stores. :)
Respect It
I bet a friend of mine that Juwan Howard will play MORE minutes than James Jones in the playoffs!
My nieces and nephews are my little valentines today. Auntie is spoilin them rotten lol
I'll take a look. Thanks.
I Don't Like remix on the radio ! Aye this Chi right? <3
Did you know that Web of Knowledge offers direct export to RefWorks? If you don't see the button in WoK, contact your Thomson rep to enable.
Hey is there an outage in 32257?
chillin in bed , you?
#LMSunSIG faculty veering into using Camtasia. Prob with using a lot of disk space
thanks for commenting on today's Detroit Business Conference. Also - thanks for the PMIGLC tweets today, Watty!
Headed for the nitelite for birthday now
Nonsense. Nobody would ever ban hard liquor.
I'm hot and sweaty, but I got some nice stuff! I have also just about reached my limit.
97 new mentions for my org when I opened TweetDeck this morning (from Fri). Can't wait to go through and thank all you wonderful people. :)
alright cool. i didn't think so
#HHD have a great day :)
Ty gl to you if you're playing
UN: Emily.B.Cohen, fave playlists: Indie Roots Rock & Marathon Workout
I get that, but why are Y even mentioning it unless Y somehow think it means something nefarious happened to Breitbart?
L.N.B Style Facebook coming soon. I want it 2 show exactly who I am. Just know it will be #GlaMAZING where Glamorous and Amazing shake hands
Had a dream bout me nd a girl kissing.....then we were suddenly @ a party, then I woke up...
The good Lord gave you a body that can stand most anything. It's your mind you have to convince. — Vince Lombardi
How come SLJ is calling me at the school I work at to subscribe? we already have a subscription.
i know my nigga gettin them questions comin out....
Catching up on a days work… Then on the Paramount studio lot!! Woohoo! :)
Coco's off her rocker. You don't sleep naked with other people's kids. She's not sleeping in that pic anyway.
#Shoutout to #TeamNoSleep ~ Tomorrow is gonna be really tough.
imu i can't wait until i see you
wat up bro
I Mean Hey ! *my voice* lol
I love classic romantic movies!(: <3
Should be cheering for the Bucks, but is in town! WE ARE MARQUETTE.
Musical artists are using iTunes and other digital distributors of their music to reach fans and earn royalties.
Kurt Russell had the best dialogue in Tango & Cash. Hilarious...
what u doing hows Chicago ?
Funny how a melody sounds like a memory
Happy Mothers Day!!!
too bad, you just missed the best tactical performance by our leader harry!
#BOPPO! PSA: OPEN ROOM AT THE LOFT IN #BROOKLYN; CONTACT US IF INTERESTED. NO LEASE - EZ MOVE IN. ARTIST/LIVE WORK SPACE + HQ.
While driving substantial growth and fan engagement on North American television, via digital platforms
I want cookies! All I got was weak coffee :( RT so far so good! I got cookies.
Im cool w/ being a #braceface cuz i still look good with em but i don't like getting them tightened :(
border states goes into the press today. records into sleeves, into jackets, download codes added, shirnked and shipped fri
Don't rush back to the office after your doctor's appointment. If you didn't cry, you deserve a sweet treat!
Who goin to #KICKBACK sunday?
RT : Q6: More regular meals, less finding-Kim-at-the-computer-at-5pm >>ouch parallel lives except sub Felice/Kim
yes please!!
I am a college student getting into music business i keep a lookout on new talent
You are definitely the nicest person I know #not hahahahahaha
nothing + nothing equal nothing
bout to go chill with screch from saved by the bell
i was leaning ABrown and vjax. why Blount and DThomas? I actually lost out on Thomas, so he's not an option.
soo do you wanna maybe?
Thank you treefort you put on an amazing festival.... can't wait for next year.
“Social Media is about the people! Not about your business. Provide for the people and the people will provide for you.”
WITTY WED: Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
If you're on the way to #Coachella from San Diego GO THE LONG WAY! No mtns. Treacherous. Fog/snow/ice & cars sliding everywhere. Dead stop.
woohoo!! Good luck :)
Great video. We want one.
Love this...it's so true! RT : Each meal is a chance to heal.
Come to Brothers Bar next Saturday(3/17) starting at 5 am for St. Patrick's Day! Tons of beads, tshirts & fun!
Giving and receiving are the same.
my pleasure! I had a lot of fun! looking forward to doing it again 3/1 for
Its never a good thing when you start to clean out your desk and the first thing you notice is 15 or so batteries covered in acid.
May Day
Twitter rocks my socks
": Looks like I won't be able to catch the Galleria before it closes! :( Love that mall!" . That is one of the best malls!!!
I'm having a strawberry milkshake and it reminds me of the episode big time video. Tehe. :) brainfreeze sucks right about now. ;)
On this day in 1844, the Dominican Republic declared its independence from Haiti.
Roadtrip to #ny begins... now.
RT : MD Youth Advisory Council looking for committed & passionate youth 14-22 to be a voice in MD! Contact me for app!
Watching rock out on the drums with JD and the Squires!
similar but tonight's looks like the lowest
are you a bulls fan or heat
#icny dropping social knowledge.
awesome! :) RT : yes, is definitely on our list!! Lunch at Cafe Merlot FTW
Need copy? www.globalpointpr.com
Watching the LA Clippers @ Suns while medicated on Larry OG These car fax commercials are terrible!
Tweet this webinarShare on LinkedIn Share on Facebook
What doesn't kill u will only make u stronger
instagrams popular page<<<<...More like pinterest with all these tween queens.
One must be a wise reader to quote wisely and well
What a shame that I don't give a fuck.
Kids have no right to privacy from their parents regardless of whether technology is the medium... (Parental Autonomy)
"I just got this Used Car Salesman vibe from him, he wore a Grey shirt, that's just not good" cause obviously a grey shirt means his ide ...
In serious need of a vision quest
well open the door!
This weekend has been insanely crazy. We killed it at ye old town on Friday. Time to get back to work!
thanks, Billy! Have a fucking funny wknd!
will be hosting a tournament here at Jillian's on Oct. 23 from 3-7pm. Entry fee is $25 visit www.potshotpool.com for more info!
wow Justin Bieber what a great album UNDER THE MISTLETOE.....LOL... :)
"Diverse people," not "people of diversity"
Didn't you email several times when you lived across the river because your laundry machine was shaking the building?
phone wasn't working at party, we bailed early... Catch you today at the game.
WHHHHHHHHHHHHYYYYYYYYY AM I SO BORED.
If you think your a badass cuz your on probation for a speeding ticket... Your not. And stop talking about it
Good morning, FLA job shadowers. First thing today: bring a fruit skewer rainbow for the library's birthday goodie party.
what if you want to, but don't think you really can...
its been an hour, I haven't even read the assignment -__-
So..I just got a Tumblr page. Do ppl actually use these?
Ouch. Excel breezed through my hefty lookup formula, which typically locks up Numbers.
I thought she was joking until she tried to give me a "biz card."
RT and Follow if you love T-shirts, Tank Tops, beaters , Hats and Hoodies! Thanks!..........
Fabulous. Wish I could be there.
Thank You for praising Tony George for helping developing the SAFER barrier
pour one out for Brian Holman.
RT : If you want something done right, ya gotta do it yourself.
The foreign demand has helped boost sales activity overall, especially the chinese cash buyers!
you're a good friend. Best of luck and take care!
#tiptwist Tip Twist #7:HEALTHY LIVING: Don’t Assume You Can’t Go Organic AND Save.
those Saints fans are tough. You won't be doing any chants by yourself down there
u also support Kahn Academy which means u support math worldwide... Which is the same as ur backyard I guess :-)
Need to make lesson plans for my student. She is in Grade 3. Her Star tests were last week. During practice she was failing and I was hired.
The just voted to restrict over 700,000 Minnesotans’ constitutional right to vote.
Headed to Prine-tucky. Home of the rare Central Oregonian Rat Weasel.
Language Essay about who inspires mee,, hmm...
A new friendship begins--two new pages today at www.rocketrobinson.com
Oh well.
my twitter is tapped
When I buy street shoes, I naturally think that a tight fit is a perfect fit.
Learn More About Keller'sAccounting Master's Degree Program
Yes, tons of sun here, too! Work work work : )
Y u think Mase left
Yep. Use the widget tool in the editor and look for our Table of Content widget.
Huh. I may be staying in Anaheim an extra night for ALA in June, since a redeye monday night is $200 more right now...
thanks for watching fam, we really appreciate the support.
Totally ready! Is the semester over yet?
Top Google AdWords Company offers PPC Management for 60 Days with No Obligation - PR Web (press release)
hi , they're at that loft (I had to leave for a moment). And I do believe the next stop is Perch at 448 S Hill.
They got some gangsta ass songs on 2k12
#WFFConf12 keep the tweets coming - its going to be an awesome day!
How glad was I to read your def of DST. I now dread this day -ratchets up the grumpy to full blown unreasonable for the 2 boys...
Congratulations to KCCVS for leading a statewide Make a Difference Day food drive that raised 85.61 tons of food for local food banks!!
Shaefer and Maxwell trash talking the fans. Rookie mistakes
you know you like 50 year old dudes grinding on ya
Not to mention rude AND a breach of confidentiality!
and here i go all depressed because justin won't follow... ugh i have the worst luck.
LOL this is
also, they specifically said it's not going to change the number of people diagnosed....
Featuring tonight on "Check the Label" with some Songs: Ohia and Luke Temple.
“[The youth] can steer you in the right direction.” – Freddie Laker, director of digital strategy for Sapient
I'm pretty sure these movers could direct me to the nearest meth lab
Do not employ handsome servants.
Details for upcoming breakfast www.socialmediabreakfast.com
Not even sure myself how this stuff works. I'll learn through using
that's great! No smoking.. I can't stand it! They should do that to all the tracks!
If you skip 1 - 3 period do they call your parents?
Same here Claire!
I just had some
Tonight's Special: Pulled Pork Sandwich. Eat it! Then stay for trivia!
Happy Mother's Day co-Mayor!
Repeat, bc someone didn't hear me.Build the brand while supporting/nurturing community.Focus on both, that's what makes
+1 Pink, awesome. Don't know if will read this but awesome!
Snooki is pregnant?... Poor child /:
Such A Busy Weekend! Getting Ready For Kids Bop 21 and For The Boys And Girls Club Performance! <3
This week is going to possibly feel the longest and the shortest for you guys.
"Making food a commodity to be owned was one of the great innovations of our culture.
Oh man, Taqueria Arandas knew it was me when I placed my order to go. I can't help myself... es muy bueno!!
There's a hyaena and a butthole outside my window help SOS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Harbor, Long Point lLight, the Wharf, the Library, masts, steep roofs, a maple, trash bins, the blue pool behind some guest house...
Congrats to for defeating It was great that they represented the NFC East as well as they did....
john rich you're awesome for seeing through the succubus' BS.
haha it was suppose too (;
Senior Hoyas--stop by our branch to order your free Alumni Status Debit Card!
followed me on my birthday.. what an amazing birthday present:D<3
is this the bachelorette party?
Nothing beats , , & slow jamming' the news!
Watch "Middle" tomorrow evening @ 8:30 and you'll get it.
I had a pizza at lunch today and cut myself on the tongue with the crust. Not to diminish your burn, of course!
RIP Jr Seau
President Obama's speech showed the way this country should go. Positive and move forward.
Start your day the right way.
<< So very true!! Haha
Question: What's the best #app for this: To-do list that I can share with my coordinator and that will also synchronize with #Outlook?
wth happen to job
If it ain't Money I ain't n budging!
lets get a sponsor!
my favorite austream moment was when you we're dancing in you white slippers ;) WEAR THEM AGAIN, PLEASE?? IT WOULD MY WHOLE YEARR!!!<3333
IM SO TIRED OF DIS SHYT I TRIED AD I TRIED AD NOW TEARS R FALLIN AD DEY SHUDNT WORDS R BEIN SAID DAT SHUDNT B SAID
Every one of you, no matter how old, is a student. If you Stop learning, you stop living. Adora Svitak at
two things. First Happy birthday to our bass player Phil! Second, for a MAJOR chicago show announcement. Follow them now!
As they say en francais Oh la la! C'est magnifique! :)
Facebook has to much Drama for me, I like my news, current events, and some comedy, and thats what I get with Twitter.
who wants to talk ?(;
#njaslconf11 Kathy Dempsey: Importance of using DATA to establish and showcase your value
As funny as they are, Tort's press conferences are getting very old now.
Sitting here eating Hot Fries chest burning but can't stop eating them SMH
Time to workout!! :) have an awesome morning everyone!
you have season tickets?
Thank you for following! Have a good weekend!
The week is over!!! Looking forward to spending time with Amy and the family this weekend... :-)
Street Revenge
Writing poetry is something I cherish doing, because not only it expresses my feelings, but people can hear me out for a change#poet fanatic
So do I, dear. XD
___ So, ..... GREAT aromas in the kitchen, eh...?
thank you so much Danielle! :)
Thanks for saying so! Glad you enjoyed it.
Heyy! I was wanting to come to one of your shows, but all of your tour dates say your playing in bars? How come?
As can we all, Nazy. Thanks for the note. Have a great week! :-D
Who's still up?
We have finished filming "Without a Father" it is now in editing stage.
I'm calling it now - New Year's Rockin' Eve 2012/13 with Dick Clark's Hologram.
RT It's race weekend! Time to get your game faces on.
Happy Tuesday! How are you protecting your skin from age related aging?
Oh. I see. Well, we did have stuff spread over too many things in GDoc. Perhaps that's a hinderance of the easiness of the it.
#NailEliteSouthlake rocks! Ask for Steven.
won't let me change ticket on website, says I MUST call but >30 min on hold? Then you hang up on me?
I'm replenishing tomorrow
#dontcallmeif your not gonna talk
Oookkkkaaaaay! RT": lets see what happens tonight"
Donations keep us going!
no but I did have music and whatever with him... so sad :( where did you hear it?
RT : #FF I sometimes actually talk to these people & you should too:
Bout to toc da fuc out of Coco Lounge!!! Let's go!!!
i'm booked /; lol
Any chance the new Habitudes for Communicators book will be available in ebook format?
Like us on Facebook (SBXThe125) by 4/18 & post where you would go in SD with $50 of gas in your tank for a chance to win a $50 gas card!
Hahahaha... Man that's messed up! (Durant voice) ": Doodle jump 2 - Tacos - 0"
Stella's Diner, founded in 1962, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the #domu Chicago History Map!...
RT : Tough to sleep after that 1 but woke up with a fresh mind to get better..
"Did you just fall?" - "No, I attacked the floor." - "Backwards?" - "I know, I know. I'm fudging talented."
RT : Got questions about WOMM-U next week? Come join us on Thursday at 11 AM and bring all Qs WOMM-U to our
"...all progress depends on the unreasonable man."
I just met Downtown Julie Brown at the Boom Boom Room !
please email me that Frozen in Time song :)
Can TK do every game please?
House is So sexy!
Happy Friday, to you too, ! :)
gonna be the certain death 1.2
Get YOUR free edition of "The Conscious Consumer's Guide to Supporting Black Businesses" on our site! (via pop-up)
Thanks! And oops, my post should have read "bearing a historic weight" -- my bad
One of my 11:11 wishes is for , , & to follow me.Thats all I wish for.<3
Sony projects $6.4 billion loss/laying off 10,000 "Jack & Jill" went up the hill and rolled down breaking every fucking bone in their bodies
1. Illegal Mexican immigration is a growing threat.
Thats the reason why you dont text me back..
and were awesome and very cute on All That and still are cute and awesome
love you bud <3
The motorcycle car race is about to go through downtown, I'll see them from my window!
I'm gonna start retweeting everything Andrew tweets Lmfao
No problem!
Driving up to Gardena to get some beanbag filling. Shit's about to get real.
Watching Most Shocking Music Moments on E!. Now this is good TV!
At shakeys pizza! Havin some mojos and pizza!! :p
The best thing about narcissism is…me.
LMAO I CLICKED EVERYTHING THAT WAS GAY xd
this is awesome. “: Is there defenses on either of these teams i mean WTF! #AlamoBowl”
You really could own a piece of 'internet history' and at the same time be a part of something even greater like finding a cure for cancer!
You live in PDX. Decree it FREE STUFF and move on.
got a question about the #WPS for Atl Beat Coach James Galanis email the at wps
perfect for at home moms...www.millionaireminds.org Free discount texts with an unparalleled opportunity attached
lol nowadays that's all females care aboutt
Absolutely not! Always wait until at least the 2nd week of December.
Nymphomaniac: a woman as obsessed with sex as an average man.
school should end now & winter break should start
3 shows? wow! congrats!
Bet I'm going to look extra cute tomorrow though.
Ive had a cold since Saturday morning...doesn't make since..isn't summer around the corner.
If you were born in 1993, you are 18.
RT : Maybe mentoring & internships? (oops forgot the #eduMOOC )
I can not seem to get well :( Someone harry potter me a new nose...that doesn't run!
Not having to wait for your customer to pay invoices has multiple up-sides : faster cash flow can improve financial statements & ratios.
when im done with my hair we'll oovoo so we can go on the trolley tracks..LOL
Next time, let us do the cleaning for you!
Sit on it. Jerk.
10 Facebook Tips - Become friends with people you don't know. They might be creepers or stalkers, but it is more interesting than Farmville
The JSON that the Reddit API returns is horrendous. More than 50 nesting levels in some parts.
Thanks for RTing the story about stories! :)
nice work manny. still love watching ya throw.
thanks for coming by the kids loved meeting you. We will have to get the Hospital TV to auto tune to E. Thanks again!
Just walked in the house and I didn't get acknowledged!!! Really though?
i hate when great celebs like and dnt retweet u bck or follow u it lowerd my self asteem
PEC = Program Evaluation Committee
lol i think your right!
it's a cool movie. As good as baseball, apple pie and a chevy to the levy.
I don't feel like washing this make up off.
Can't wait to visit your #Maine home! I've never been to Maine!
Good Morning Sunshine! I love waking up to see sunlight pouring in every window.
Xlibris.com/bookstore.com For my Published Poetry Novel The Book of Poems of That Traveler by Joseph D'Ambrosio Thank You hope you like it.
Snacking on cherries and prepping for next week's training sessions in NYC.
We love the way music brings people together.
Thanks my love!!
i am doing great! life is great
First half of this exam = piece of cake! Last half of this exam = FML
lol Awrite Boah Delete them after I. Download Em tag me in all the links
Tami this and keisha that... Cant wait till 8.
Good one! RT : Is it wrong for me to wish that everyone understood the cloud? ...
A liberal told me last night she would never vote for Mitt and thought she would vote for RoseannBarr (Green Party) and she loves Obama.
2 finals n a paper due this week....I will be hitting the books hard all week
hola fort wayneians..im headed back to michigan and I am here in town for another day or two...new phone with no numbers call 727-768-2217
#NP This The Shit I Live- (Finally Famous : Born a Thug Still a Thug) my '09
#Scandal Finale was pretty good. Though the final twist, I saw that one coming.
Publilius SyrusA leader is a dealer in hope
Hahahaha omg she did :o
www.Shopshop.com announces its new accumulation of bridesmaid dresses for the new fall with the Charmeuse favorites
tis w/ a heavy heart that i look back 10 yrs going into what would be mikeys last run
Of COURSE I have sex on the first date. How ELSE am I supposed to have sex?
Ah fun times :) RT Successfully hired 2012 interns..hope they put up with me as well as & !
whaa ? I been had brothers !
Thanks you for following us.
These teenagers who slob over LeBron need to youtube Kobe's highlights from his prime and educate themselves.
I don't turn but that movie always make me sad<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Wait! Why didn't we discuss this while I was there? An initiative I could really get behind.
FULL COLOR PRINTING! 15% Off to FOR 1ST TIME CUSTOMERS. Call 718-335-6300 or Email for Details
If I recently unfollowed you don't take offense. Twitter has been randomly unfollowing ppl lately. Just let me know and I'll get you back!
that can be your porn star name.
"Latino and Hispanic is an American concept" via
Saturday @ the MOOSE - Toasted Beef Brisket Sandwich w/ Cheddar and Horseradish Mayo on Marble Rye -
57 secounds to Go! Brady Passes another Incomplete Pass.
To the igloo to the sled and the sweat drips down our paws all these female dogs
she don't even to go to Westlake , she go to NP
looking for vendors for The Triskelion Society
Thanks for leaving ur# on my vm. Apparently ur calling from1986 when phones didn't have your#, picture & separate ringtone alerting me its u
Its hardly drizzling outside there is no need for you to put up your hood & an umbrella!!! Oh wait I forgot you're a barbie.....
yes! We are being patient but the communication here at the airport has been horrible. Coca Cola and salty nuts isn't cutting it
Researching private loan consolidation offers and looking for a job in the DC area...
incredibly kewl photo shoot yesterday - we appreciate the everyone's participation ...
Just saw a huge motorcycle accident. I hope ever ones okay.
Do you have any idea when you'll be speaking at BarCamp Milwaukee?
Old, yes but... Best reaction I've seen to the Rees/Calabrese arrest situation: "What was Tommy Rees thinking? Everyone knows he can't run."
Getting down on this Rice and Smoked Pork!
BITCH we ARE doing something today!
then *poof* you're on Facebook, right? #whatthe?
Philly Sports: Three #Philadelphia #Phillies Are Held Accountable on Mother’s Day: Fan’s Take (Yahoo! Contributor Network)
Aww man I want in! RT Just put in my T&E request to for Blogworld Las Vegas in Jan! WOO HOO!
No worries. I know you know what it is like to talk to yourself until someone comes along
well its time 2 do sum homework...holla back at u peeps lata
wow did you really ruin safe house for me?! You're up for my blocked of the week!!
Such a good idea, I would love to sample some of these spectac smoothies!
I get my exercise acting as a pallbearer to my friends who exercise.
EVERYONE FOLLOW !! She's my best friend! And new to twitter! Follow her now please!! #FollowHer !! <3 :)
I do what I want and no she is not the keyboard player she sings
Great working with &
Social media is another way to connect with your audience. It can't take the place of websites/flyers/etc, but it is a great supplement!
tomorrow, it begins. ..
i miss yall...where yall been?
Dude is jogging backwards...wtf?
So dissapointing. “: "This American Life" retracts story critical of Apple supplier Foxconn because of "significant fabrications".”
ya know it ;)
FOLLOW ME PLEASE. :)
#whodey let's go! Now that I'm home from supporting #BBN I can cheer on my bengals!!!!
#BEERBIKE! Rain or shine!
I showed one of the music videos to my friend, and he said "The black dude makes this band amazing." #BlackPower!
"People understand things based on their own experience." - Shawn Lawrence Otto
RT Versus goes dark on DirecTV, dropped from broadcast satellite
Sephora and Ulta are helping to slowly make the makeup counter environment obsolete. Although it'll still have some bang for a while longer.
And this time around replaced notifications pattern with a protocol delegate based one.
Cant believe I am about to be in the working world soon! Scary!.
big east! They might score 100
I find it very unattactive whn some1 smokes its just disgusting & it stinks & I hate the smell
Official miss co-sign
Heey, want to touch my follow button?;)
At the Forum on Protocols for Native American Archival Materials.
#IDontUnderstandWhy girls claim #TeamThick and they got more tummy then booty?
first i've heard of - i'll pop over now and give em a look. thanks for the tip!
Not a fan of FB new newsfeed, Gonna give this shabanger a shot.
Time for
no i am thinking in a rational way!
WISHING AND HOPING MY DREAMS COME TRUE TODAY PLZ FOLLOW ME SELENA I LUV YUR MY IDOL 4 LIFE (: <3 5
Tell Congress: Don’t censor the web!
Life sometimes can be ridiculous!
sounds like a plan to me. And stop ignoring my emails ;) jk
The only reason they won't play "All-Star" is all the heart attacks when the lead singer starts with "SomeBODY..."
RT : Wishing my boys and quade best of luck down in florida at nationals.
I am Playing at the Grand Bohemian tonight 7:00-11:00 downtown Orlando, Florida
hey what's Carter's handle?
GET WELL AVRIL!
If we don't change, we won't grow! If we don't grow, we aren't really living!!
Heyy! I'm at school right now so I can't see you :(
RT ohh! sorry it took long, havent bee on twitter for a couple days = its all good lol
"Without change, something sleeps inside us, and seldom awakens. The sleeper must awaken."~Frank Herbert
-smiles t you-
Alice James~ One has a greater sense of intellectual degradation after an interview with a doctor than from any human experience.
Idk bout all that tho. Idk where you got that nonsense from. 0.O
If you make really good music somebody will notice.Keep your groove strong,play with "passion"Don,t get discouraged keep on "pushin" OK?
today is the 13th birthday of
and naaaaaaaw nigga I told yu from the beginning about Shawty at pump 7 yu choose not to listen
About to watch MLB commish Bud Selig speak on campus. Not a bad way to spend a Tuesday afternoon.
I mean so funny
Another great Monday of Music to start of another week at
Looks like the #Blackhawks want to join the #RedWings for some golf.
And FWIW, I do believe in open web standards, but I wonder how long it will be before HTML5 games are close to as good as Flash games.
Tune in now to MSNBC to see talk about wall street reform and JP Morgan losing a small fortune on
My mother just told me how she had the chance to be with Charles Barkley. She ruined my chance at being rich.
If you're getting a PhD or already have one and don't give back to the community in some way, you don't deserve that degree.
LOL aggressive driver
chinese. Chicken nd rice. Steamed dumplings
Indigo Loud -- a pretty ass girl !
i'm starting friday night lights which i think means i've signed up for intense emotions
She likes this one too...
what time are you getting there? I will come thru
I somehow remember "The Wizard" as being much less lame. But bonus points for Christian Slater.
ikkkk :'( #harddecision i havnt worked on my full since like october so i wouldnt make it on a level 5 team
LIES LIES LIES
could you be any more full of yourself?
y'all just need to chill out fighting is immature as fuck and Brad u need to get your bitch ass to football.
Strunk & White's "The Elements of Style" is a rich source of necessary information for the avid #writer....I find it useful for editing...
RT“: Follow ! They're all natural and SO YUMMY!” thanks for the s/o. WE LUV ONYX!! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
its a win win. Eye candy in the mail.
Still stuck in the tunnel, with no signs of light.
visiting my 5.5 year little sister. She's still going strong!
that was at the olympics little different she won a
Worst thing about Fridays: #FF cause tweeting a random list of twitter handles REALLY makes me want to find out all about them...
Thanks for the RT on the article. Congrats on the P& G announcement!
Lord be with me when I every decide to have a child...no liquor for MONTHS?!?! Smh lol #alcoholictweet :)
We're celebrating R 40th Anniversary w/a fab fiesta! RT : On our weekend agenda: beer, bikes, and brunch! What are you up to?
“: Then we have project c to look forward too! RT : Almost over #10days” haha damn right! What's the c?
Garlic fries, fish n chips, and carbonated beverages = one stuffed Mike! Taking a walk while Lenny sings American Woman!
Nike just do it
Anyone know a quick easy way to gain weight?
I Know he gone be there threw it all and that why I LOVE MY BOOKYBHEW...
Ugh the new Harry Potter is so far away it feels like lol. I'm so excited for it!
It takes all types to make a world :)
I replied btw
Had a discussion with a school administrator, at my kid's school, where I was complimented for being intelligent.
I don't care what anyone says. Cartoons are the shit.
you have any extra replica jerseys you don't need?
I'd be able to sleep more sound if I knew what race Blake Griffin is.
Whoa, Louisville is in the Final Four!
I'm a potato... Niall likes food so he like potatoes.. Niall likes me
what do you think of your fans in the US so far?
I'm livin just for the minute
Chapter 4 of #fiftyshadesofgrey : in which our heroine tells us that she's too much of a skinny, ugly freak to attract any guys. Srsly.
#FF Writing Professionals
keepn it sleazy on a saturday night.
#MyFavoriteText is the sweet, unexpected good morning text from my boyfriend
Wondering what types of goodies the Hillcrest Farmers Market has to offer? Market Girl reports about what’s new & exciting...
The ONLY So Do Def Account On Twitter
"Strong communities rely on the dynamic interplay between education, commerce, and culture " by
High as shit
2012 Chicago Bears Draft Picks: Fan&#39;s Reaction
has arrived and is to help you do just that. Become a fan today and be eligible to win price and more..........
Happy birthday!
I'm hungwy.
Just because you know me, that doesn't mean you really know me.
its not even 9 yet chump
Praying for a safe Hawaii as the Tsunami bears down on us in about 2 1/2 hours. We can hear the tsunami sirens going off every hour.
You are surrounded by uncomplicated, apparent solutions that could dramatically increase your earnings, power, influence and success.
She always looks sad, though. Does DF ever smile anymore?
hey baby
#schoolmemories having to sit through Mrs. Sherman talking through Channel 1 time because she could
Listening To Tom Jones Makes Me Feel Like Bob From That 70's Show
Dignity is one of the highest signs of respect you can show yourself. Keeps you noble .
RT Somebody get these black people out my mentions, im tired of seeing them......go kill urself with a black 45 ( bow )
“: The ideal nap length is 30 minutes. Why? It’s right before you enter deep sleep, so you prevent grogginess!” I like 3 hrs
Never let the bad win. Let your goodness shine.
lol yeah looks like no ones on
Oxy Mo: Sea Shore
so awesome to have everyone on the air again. if you haven't signed up for a show, do it now
Today has been shiiiit!
my eyebrows are ridiculous, i fail at shaping them perfectly. im surprised i haven't waxed them completely off by now :p
uh...I thought U R an american LooooL..sorry Am boy btw...but I love demi so much
Sitting in Dr office still waiting 45 mins past appt time. Infuriating. I have a job too!
Up at 5:45 ready for match
Chain & The Gang were awesome last night. Stoked to have finally been able to witness Ian Svenonius in action.
Who ever thought of deep frying candy bars must be a very very large person...
"They should call Dancing with the Stars, Prancing with the Has-Beens."
took a nap and i have 1322 new tweets
Mathew, If you're feeling alone look at your fingers, see the spaces... just remember that's where mine fit perfectly! <3
I'm not white either though
TFN Thanks for following...
Anyone want to sneak with and watch the avengers again?
She's thin& she's pretty,her hair is long& she deserves a song.She loves2 make love,its all she does,most generous woman in the world I know
: classic! Totally a 'jen' thing to do!
Just entered the giveaway on Hope for Healing. Here's hoping!
So true, Xe!
You can't be president if you can't get it right via
Happy Easter from #LocalBonus!
The #jpmorgan London Whale is definitely related to the twitter fail whale...
My Wednesday night agenda: grocery shop, run, paint hallway, & unpack more clothes .. The exciting life I lead. Target bedtime 10pm :-)
Contact form on site
Mighty kind of you to say so! Many thanks.
Yea, most likely. I'll let you know where I'm at.
. real men are. no real man listens to limbaugh. his audience is comprised of cognitively/emotionally-stunted little boys.
My dream is finally coming true. I get to meet and get my I'm alive I'm dreaming tattoo.
As a Cuse fan, I look forward to proving that one wrong.
Game time baby.
you have too many heroes.
Oh how I wish stress could burn calories ...
Hunh. Certainly wasn't the case when I worked retail at Wizards. What Kool-Aid are they drinking?
can u follow me? :)
Today on my crowded 6 train a ghetto kid took up about 3 seats during rush hour and no one said anything to him, including me.
Sure, the links are fine. Please email to . Thanks!
ok believe it or not I sent that tweet BEFORE the balloon incident. Good job though, sir! And yes, awesome show.
No, and my thought exactly...
Social media gives you the ability to communicate and share with a lot of people. Why would you not include it into your marketing plan?
excited with logos coming in from ! great way to get quality logos!!
I'm rooting for Rochelle Rochelle too.
APPARENTLY Let it Ho! Was a "best bet" in the Red Eye yesterday! Thanks for telling us, NO ONE!
lol. its an old pic. just playing with instagram. Leaning how to use it. :P
I miss your tan skin your sweet smile so good to me so right....
thank you! Lol
Hey Everyone-- Tune in on Tuesday, November 15th at 6:00pm PT (9:00pm ET) for a behind-the-scenes look at my new...
"bro" is right: "pinnacle of adolescent cool by dating "this really hot skanky cheerleader," as he puts it." Classy.
Chill your nips like seriously..
come on now
RT : Lord, please watch over the East Coast with this scary hurricane and keep everyone safe
The choices you make today can greatly influence others. You can choose to be a positive influence or a negative one.
the vid I just posted on fb has so much fan footage! I'm in it multiple times....check if you see yourself!
Me & clowned heavy tonite at Freshmen Frenzy! We def gotta hang out more often
Like seriously, no one fucking draws on my Justin posters. Ima bout to slapp a nigga.
LOL!~ RT : I keep getting followed by Russians. Niiiiiiieeeeeeeetttttt.
oh no! Will fix.
Hey “: My iPhone 4s gets notifications faster than my Macbook Pro on WiFi. #firstworldpains”
granny is focused!
S/O to my fellow Greek !
First Thursday tonight, 7:00, at ! Free breakfast for dinner with speaking some truth!
HA there she is!!!
who taught u to rhyme?
Pure stupidity!!!
Can you send me info on Word of Mouth?
i think i smother him. he screams when anyone else holds him. haha
so how old is he for reals?
How about: Except for the dog, that cartoon is quite accurate. It should probably also have a hamster reading Ayn Rand.
I am on fire today...so productive!
So drains batteries and will be heavily used by SXSW attendees. Sounds like the perfect app.
Oh shoot! Okay I'll tweet it out tomorrow.
What an upper 90 by ovetckin #caps !!
I feel like today is gonna be really shitty. I wanna do something exciting! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Fought the wind all day! It was fun to lay down the power in an all out effort.
double date brunch with at The Publican
Change your handle & you still spread <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>!!! Hey : YOU STILL SUCK!! Kiss my grits <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
can't go wrong there!!! did you see the movie yet?? #amazing!
congrats. I have 40.
done and done.
Google Art did not create sustained increase in web traffic for National Gallery after initial spike
Late night walks on the beach with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I realize everything.(:
at this weekends Rock the Ink we will be releasing a limited amount of our 2011 Calendar!! Saturday we will be signing them fr 2-4
RT! Thanks for coming to last night! Can you & help create Philly's #homeforcomedy?
I had to look up #smot and #zmot. Thank you for helping me learn something today. :)
i wish you the very best for the future, fun and health. Stay the way you are cause ppl love u for that. HAPPY BIRTHDAY:)<3
dam you truly did beat me
All i want to do is sleep ^.^
I love my place now that the drunk and her bf are gone.
oh haha hi(:
Working at Paul Michael's The Network today for an Agent Fest. Always ready for the opportunity to be seen by industry professionals. You?
i just applied to an agency that helps you find teaching positions in south korea. now to see if i hear from them... ha.
Totally retweeted the wrong one, thanks boo!!
I walk in then, I turn up!
Today I worshipped freely, ate freely, practiced freely and tonight, relaxing freely. Thanks public servants for ensuring these freedoms.
Look Amazing! *SPECIALS TODAY* Buy 3 Instant Tans for $49.99! Buy a 5-pack of 60 tans and get 3 more tans FREE! Bottles of Lotion on SALE!!!
So I'm getting invisiline so my bottom teeth.. <U+30C4>
We just got our tickets to this years World Tea Expo!
i'm excited. monday is my first "official" day as the new programming assistant. i'll be on campus mon-fri <3
your song titles are some of my favorite things ever.
Is it bad that I evaluate the effectiveness of anyone's plan before I take part?
I love you too!
yo if your still down to come to my comedy show it's @ 5 today @ second city the da maat studio
last year I did the exact same thing when people brought up negativity on Father's Day
you called?
J cole, the truth
yes indeed Fam. Your on a steady climb skill wise.
I know if I step out my competition would be slim to none .... I can do that in my PJs
Tigers with the walkoff win...woo hoo
We can't wait to see it!
not dull, just not "unusual" :) I'm sure your sensations and what's happening in yer head is exciting! :)
in my dream we accidentally ate chocolate <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
me too
GEEZ. IM VERY UPSET ABOUT THIS! CAPS CANT EVEN DESCRIBE HOW UPSET I AM!
One week from today: The Foundry on Melrose. Full band this time around!
God is good. Always.
hey dude :)
Get ready for an onslaught of hipsters who say they loved that song before it was popular.
Thanks for the encouraging words. You rock!
Best coaching job of Coach Cal's career. Has somehow convinced lineup of superstars to be unselfish and actually run some offense.
I would like a lightning cuddle buddy. Cuz I scared.
San Antonio Spurs.
Bulls beat the Heat, Cubs spank the Brewers...BRING IT HOME BLACKHAWKS!
Horrible. I hurt so much. How are you?
go away please!!!
Thank you Eunice for following!
LADDER SEX.
We advance on our journey only when we face our goal, when we are confident and believe we are going to win out.
Performing on the radio this morning.. Look out Detroit!
hi. love you
see you at #bunnarchy Saturday!
It feels like I don't tweet like I use to but Life is SO busy, Lol. Had a beautiful and amazing week with my woman!! #LGBT <U+2665>
On average the Earth is hit by lightning 100 times a second
Thanks for the RTs!
im awesome! thanx! hope u get to see it soon!
South By South West in Austin is one the most exciting festivals for up and coming bands to get discovered.
Back to the grind
i fucks wit NY the long way, and D wade is my personal guy, i grew up playin for him at the Marquette basketball camps but okc
Killa night last night w !! Rokin it!! ;)
Saturday! Work continues as usual...
Working at the PHCA today lots of projects to get done....
Robert Dewey, wrongly convicted of 1994 rape/murder of Jacie Taylor, is to walk free today (per to Innocent Project)
Thank you for the RT Canton!
no bourffs only ready to go when it's little guys like at hooters
Thats what I talking about! RT : RT RT : Is that student loan deal retroactive? (I pray that it is)
<U+E22F>i<U+E51B>close my eyes <U+E41D>and pray
Many of the people who tell you "you're so beautiful" only want you for that not for you the person— why let that go to your head?
What the eastern conference finals and the #bachelorette on the same night.
If You Don't Mean What You Say Then Shut The Fuck Up.
: are you home? I just got off
Youre a bitch
No kidding! Given the date and the rain I anticipate a pretty busy night.
just had surgery see my blog
What about allowing users to comment on historical documents (for eg. thru user generated content) and it happens to be wrong?
ay when they are gonna let boosie come home
that was an accident...But maybe it was supossed to happen.Lol.Hi :)
Happy first day of Fall everyone!!
I really need to clean my room. A.D.D. is preventing that...
thanks for the #ff some great suggestions in both lists!
Someone was on my account -___- I'm pretty sure it was my sister or something but yeah I already changed my password
I am a big fan
Do you ever just feel extremely guilty for no reason? #StrangeFeelings -__-
Just finished watching every episode of "Game Changers" on Hulu. Really inspired right now.
I heard that!
Closeness between NoTW and police seems to have led to decision not to adequately pursue 2006 & 2009 phone hacking investigations -NYT
In the mood for some Italian food!
Where are you? It is embarrassing that you have not attended a game during the #Dodgers first home stand.
Just got my sister right.
Taking a look at one of our wholesale assignments we did last year on Aliamanu- love to see the finished product of another investor!
Wandered through some of #failup today. Fascinating stuff. How do we decide which failures to forget and which to build upon?
Thank you for the well wishes on HIM at the SoHo Playhouse! :*
How can you use leverage so you can build scalability, growth and BIG success into whatever you do?
Well come on and get ya some! RT I'm craving your sweet potato ravioli...
really? nice!
o ok
New culinary obsession found: Spam musubi!!
How can I send you a message? I don't have pics of her on our web site. Just my older girl and her friend.
Those days when you just wanna stay home and cuddle with someone.
moreover, if this is the concern it should be made explicit and conceded that a cell only continues in autopoiesis/process
Way to win, Wildcats! Go Arizona!
Watching the Time Life music collection and wanting all of it makes me feel 80. Whatever. Dean, Etta, Nat, THE VOICES.
You'd think I'd feel happy to day but in all honesty I don't...
To plant a garden is to believe in tomorrow.
Lakers better get it together!
KSI accepts student Visas from foreign applicants to attend our graduate programs. Contact Judy Pan at KSI: 847-679-3135 www.ksi.edu
HELLS BELLS follow these cool peeps
Sharper shoulders make Gwynn more regal.
haha, I saw your next tweet and lol'd
ITS STILL THERE
no I've been watching since the beginning just never tweeted about it
sounds like something I would do!
Omaha, NE, was nice to be on today's date in 1893 as I chugged through by train.
Injustice can be eliminated, but human clashes and natural restrictions cannot be eradicated.
I love how #pens is trending but the flyers are still up 3-0 and there's only been three times a team has come back from a 3-0 deficit LOL
It is so pretty out!
First they're sour, then they're sweet
haha oh hey taxi will actually be here in 5 minutes. Remember when we met and I managed to WHISPER GAGAS HERE
Fueling up on heartaches and cheap wine
Just gon play with my ipod and listen to music, hopefully thatll help me go to sleep .
Can use some good news right now.
#Workout at the #Gym- #Burpees! #KILLER BURPEES! #Great for the butt, abs and core!
Follow me on instagram dakota 0314
Beyond irritated ..
haah oh you gon learn today!
that's hilarious
#17 and will my profile picture work? (: Thank you,! xx
getting ready for the annual fireworks show listening to a calypso version of America the beautiful. Happy Ind Day everyone!
Aghast at length of time I've been away from blog. On the plus side, having lots of miss m time and lots of writing!
One of the Meet The Press sponsors is
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Kitchen Sink Soup 4.5 / 5 Stars | 13 Reviews by Judy "Everything but the kitchen sink . . . well, almost, with t
5 weeks and 6 days. June 7th, please arrive!
Every place I've worked the weather office has been a #safezone Love it!!
We're ready for a great and productive summer!
T.G.I.F.! We wish everyone a safe an enjoyable weekend!
Back to basics.
hi there! I hope you've had a good break! glad you're back though :-)
blah I aint get tht message lhh.! We got this summer doe boo. And I shuld have my car by den too
I'm starving! What's the best place for lunch in Downtown Indy?
Yo come down 2 T's Place 2nite... Ladies free cover & drinks till 11pm $3 shots & $5 wings all night!!
Counting. down. the. seconds.
Goodnight post & a Sn
Enjoy your visit! Make sure to stop by the campus!
RT : Fun and fabulous in South Beach!! nightclub tonight!!
Mcdonalds on grant and main is terrible. 11:20 and still have breakfast sign out and service very slow.
I want a freaking dilla
Thanks Hanie four sucking at life and KILLING the Bears season!!! I hate you with you a passion!!!!!!!
Ok time to get Friday work day over so we can get the weekend started. Oh yeah I have to get some work done first. Details.
I DO TOO(;
We are all biebtastic
is wondering if im the only one who wishes Rakim would make a comeback?
I'd like to thank Trey Parker again for slamming Catcher In The Rye. That entire book was such a useless read.
Palindrome of the day: "Red Roses run no risk, sir, on nurses order." #learning (same letters front and back)
That would be awesome. We're working on the Redmoor show but its only 7:30-10:30. Time is tight. We should figure it out.
I know! Growing up so fast on me.
It's almost here! When do YOU get to the Big Apple?
hows the day? :)
Microsoft is offering a chance for people, both young and old, to become beta tester
don't worry... the refs are doin all they can to help ;)
We still need volunteers for Mix 'n' Mash this Fri. 6-10! Volunteers will get free admission to the event! Respond if you are interested!
how quickly the midwestern love of nature fades away
Next time you're near 4th/Boyle, stop by !
Katy Perry's first album was so good. I still love her but her new stuff is less original.
lo so
So close to catching Annabelle playing her drumsticks to #Rush. Only got 4 sec. So close. Such an awesome baby.
americans are cool . FILIPONO'S are HOT :)
Cruise to the Caribbean... Don't mind if I do!!
CHRISTIAN BEADLES!<3 Follow back?(:
I wish they'd prohibit Peal Jam.
How to resolve such conflicts? Territory is not dispositive, especially in a world 'where territory matters less and less'
Normally we spread the CURRY LOVE in the LOOP but from here on out we SPREAD the LOVE in the LOOP & in LAKEVIEW!!!
Can't wait!!
thanks for the heads up
Woke up too late to get a tweet in about the water main break..
Pushing my niece around in her stroller so my sis can have some free time
The downside of being in #lawschool and being a law clerk totally is that I can no longer like the movie 12 Angry Men
It's weird watching the #tigers and not hearing and Mario.
Lauren, I have thought of you every single day since your mishap and will continue to do so. Please be happy and well.
fyi..that profile pic you are using of Norma Jeane by Eisenstaedt..is flipped backwards. Her hair ALWAYS goes to HER right.
Thank you for including us in your family bonding day.
#FF Heroes reclaiming #Wisconsin:
I just love
We know it is only Tuesday but we're really looking forward to the MTV VMA's this Sunday. Can't wait to see what everyone is wearing!
talking to my baby<3
haha he knows you! he says hi :)
no problem. I'll be retweeting more I'm sure. You give good tips that I think our members could use. Join the Gang! :)
Up and at it after a great holiday weekend. Money never sleeps! #wishIusedPTO!!
Tattoos starting at $20 today! Don't miss out!!! Awesome don't forget to pick up your Royal Ink gift certificates!!! (216) 673 - 1550
Never go abroad. It's a dreadful place.
now I see I was right to call you LIL GANGSTA
it should be right here on twitter. if you like it, tint your avatar orange.
Chase your dream, don't let no hater stop your progress!
err who are you guys haha?
Only one thing has to change for us to know happiness in our lives: where we focus our attention
aw <3 you guys too :)
Seriously still LOL from the text I woke up to this morning from
Was hoping for a more...revealing..photo but your shot of #TheBoondockSaint bar in Big Easy was way cool....heard good things..
<-- my fav rapper. Villa
So excited to be joining the
So apprently its #nationalcleavageday , well that's my outfit sorted for the weekend...
Q: Volunteers, why are you involved with the project? What motivates you?
Imma inbox it to u because a few of my followers some goofiess
Can you do an imitation of a cheerleader? May 24 Section 102 seats 13 and 14 #1Dtourusa We love you! Love, Alexi and Tabi!
Happy birthday to , the guy who makes our dreams come to life.
My daddy brought me a cup cake! :D <3
#onlyif I could go back in time
never about you my darling!!!:)
Thinks he is not driving home tonight
ordering my phone today ^_^ !!!!!
Follow me on twitter
In my opinion, all of the directioners who spend their time tweeting about the boys, should get to meet them at least once.
Thanks for stopping in before work! Happy to have you.
read the FAQ! seems legit to me...
I go to sleep to dream because you are my dream. Now, that I have you, my life needs no rest.
being super-helpful on the ning thanks to Jodie and Mona
OMG I LOVE YOU!
The PP is very important
I brought candy canes to share at work, but instead I keep eating them. Good thing they're bite size, but this could still become a problem
me too so we have telpathy as well...my nephew kept saying dont say that NeeNee badboy chair.lol
GREAT! MT : Heading in final quarter of play, Fever leads San Antonio 56-52. Katie Douglas & Briann January lead / 9pts each.
i have my bag i fot the glove
Is Wayne Brady gonna have to Djokovic!?
Reading a Library Learning text and manning the desk at CSCC ERC.
Poetry is to prose as dancing is to walking. ~John Wain
Already got an email from a buddy who has him on his fantasy team...so you're f'd. I yelled at him for you.
And i blame ;) fun night!! RT : dude. I blame you for the spinning room. Just sayin'.
Enjoy a well-deserved rest!!
DON'T HATE THE PLAYER HATE THE GAME!!
we are publishing a new book about Bonnet House and would like to discuss the possibility of offering it at NSU. Is that of interet?
Msg from Microsoft,Windows Mobile 6.x marketplace is shutting down. My God! I used to own a "Windows Phone?"Truly sorry if anyone still does
So your letting him do all the work... Smh, lol RT I've been up since 5:30 just staring....
I find awesome new music in my library on a daily basis
#MarchMadness is officially here! With games starting every couple of hours, things are gonna get crazy. Have you finished your bracket?
glad i could inspire your decision
EqualityTV is co-creating an anti-bullying campaign with #BootoBullying! Be part of the movement and create change...
Wtf did I do?
I'm a HUGE fan, even though you're a Cubs fan! :)
being left handed and using a macbook pro sucks... my left hand is burning :(
I get my honors scroll for National Honor Society Wednesday :) induction ceremony ! Oh yea ! Lol . It's gonna be at night tho -_-
Dear Karen, We havnt talked since that one account was being mean to me. you are nice and sweet. your very beautiful. I luv u lets talk more
Starting 3rd week of clean eating and a stepped up level of effort. Encouraged by visible changes.
When dreams feel TOO real <>
Obama has a war on Freedom.
i can't stand the fries now! I love the hamburgers but if they change those too....may not frequent Wendy's anymore
Cat Note2self: The guinea pig likes to sleep once in a while. I will not watch him constantly.
What does that mean "One last try ..."?
I love when Austin goes " pretty hot babe " in his new song Say Something(:
Eve of ArtWalk come to ArtCrawl and mingle with Artists at the Grand 7-11pm Live Jazz or Theatre Bar Ladies/Martini Night!!
I meant hit me up cuz lmao!!
yeah I think you can get it before you're 19, but it doesn't activate until then.
Eric, that's great news! Welcome aboard!!
my mom is worrying about me and be a nervous mother she is telling me to say pweese n tanks and mind my manners
so cute!
Designer websites usually tell you what local stores carry their line, so she could always just look at designers' sites
TRA Announces Roll Out of New Optimizer in Media TRAnalytics® Software Platform
It all starts with one step.
#CincoDeMayo + #Corona + Tequila with the worm in it = Sunday Morning Hangover Good Day Everyone
I knew Taylor Swift wasn't aboutta take Devin to prom. Way to get his hopes up guys. Not tryna be rude though.
I know you are. Thanks! <U+2665>RT : I know... and I am with you.
Better to light a candle than curse the darkness.- Chinese Proverb
great description.
I still hoop every now and then.. I need to make a trip back to charleston soon
Be sure and sleep some for me- it's near impossible these days :)
hi;) thanks SO MUCH for coming to my mass <33333
RT : the march starts soon! Get here now!
ahahaa! thats hilarious! I would have said that ngl.. BTW LOOK AT THE VIDEO NIALL JUST TWEETED ADFGHKEORWIJHGDH.
4 the record, Careless Whisper was G Michael post Wham. But ur all 2 young 2 kno that!
Welcome to San Diego!
Sumo, jezes, bonfires, house parties, aggieville, royals game, and tons of beer. that's how you turn 21
you two crack me up lol
haha. Rivals yes but HSV struggling is bad for the BL so I hope they turn things around.
Going to Las Cruces tomorrow for a competition so good night to no one in particular!!://
Me; we need a ride text that fa....Logan kid! Lmao
Locked out NBA players: the backup key is always in the planter, or under Jerry Buss’s toupée.
its not funny anymore, shut the fuck up.
Can't wait to pick it up. Let me know your reaction.
Oh- learning management systems, not library media specialists hashtag fail on my part.
At Denny's in Westwood eating a Moons Over My Hammy and some pancake poppers with and the future of R&B
nothing muchh and u???
oh I am sure the #shenanigans will find ya babe.... How you been?
I have ((ZERO)) tolerance for bullshit!
says he will win his next tournament. Chevron World Challenge this weekend.
Thanks B.J.!
best margaritas!
Training at Grand Plaza!
Blehhh Bored XP
not bad. busy busy! hope everything is good with you!
she's gonna be at the Fox but the tickets are already sold out
Yay! Great news!
im rootin for memphis and that was a good call... stop cryin griffyyyy
think imma just tut all day in class
One of the greatest ways we can honor God is to heed His voice. He loves you and is always communicating to you. Are you listening?
Woe is me. Jk I don't know who the fuck woe is.
“ cool! I will give you a call!”| Cool. Cant wait to hear from you.
just added to - man i have been away for a while. Good job on potlatch 2 everyone
Wake up! Grab a brush and put a little makeup! Hide the scars to fade away the shakeup!
ugh! I hate when that happens. And then when it gets all pins and needles...ouch!
For the those of us who witnessed, & lost family & friends, justice has been served.
Are you going to actually exercise??? :b : I'm at Pure Fitness NYC (244 E. 14th St., btwn 2nd & 3rd Aves., New York) http: ...
I wonder if my mom gets annoyed with me calling her ten times a day..
IN Quotes: "Tell the truth faster; it's the most efficient way to move forward."
ha im not stopping anyone from saying hi
Hey there, old Hasbrouck Heights buddy! :)
The Gypsy Kings just paid a tribute to MCA! I'm kidding but they'd be more badass if they did.
To move ahead you need to believe in yourself – have conviction in your beliefs and the confidence to execute those beliefs – Adlin Sinclair
Your not alone!! I did too!!
we're gonna have some fun for sure!!:)
i'll try and hang on without you. :)
oohh you should most expensive piece in the Costco near us is $40,000!
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that everyone has an opinion and will sell there ideas for a good laugh.
i second that!
You might be crazy Have I told you lately That I love you You're the only reason that I'm not afraid to fly
Revolutionary growth is an exponential way to grow. www.revolutionarygrowth.com/
Thanks Ellen! Exactly... Wake up people. Miss your tweets Ellen. Why did you stop?
Oh fasho! RT : Vegas again this weekend (:
Ok yeah but he wouldn't have had the experience. He probably would've requested an anklet anyways lol.
All the photogs get a chance at A1 stories but a lot of times we dont know whats going to run until a few hrs before deadline.
Love 's new CD
RT : Egyptian maitre d in NYC: "I like your book! In my country your book is totally banned! But everyone has read it!"
I think I like who I'm becoming
Wow just had a Bucks fan hit the half time half court shot to win $10,000!!!
Thanks for the kind follow today!
Miami is showing me some love, I have 5 slots left until june 20 text or call 4 appt.
please follow me back :)
she says you're a lot of fooon
*sigh* what can we do to make the last week epic?
Hey, that's not fair. has a huge advantage in being funny ON PURPOSE compared to
Just bought pre-sale tix to cirque's michael jackson!
I agree. Thanks for both your responses.
just been a little MiA that's all
#InstantTurnOn girls wearing yoga pants
hahahaha. The bracelet is the best by far.
Making King Cake & jambalaya while listening to Mardi Gras show on -- bringing New Orleans to Reno, y'all.
Just got my copy of A Book Apart's "Responsive Web Design" by Great read so far!
I agree with you. I like all the other judges but I just can't stand to watch her.
"Just do it." NIKE
Thank you for following!
BBC radio reporter just asked homeless woman what she does when she wants to bring her boyfriend home . . . . . . .
thanks Rickey, 'you know better when you do better'...Rickey Smiley
there is nothing better than waking up feeling refreshed! and thanks :)
Back from a long vacation at the Jersey Shore. And no I didn't see Snookie.
honestly I don't know. I just know I need more, and I've managed to spam the heck out of everyone this evening! #sorry :)
Gonna grubb on sme turkey:D
Congratulations going to the Broncos! You'll do great I know! #BBN will miss you!
Hamburgers with mozarella and mushrooms on it. It's quite delicious.
Luv you dahling! Hope you're having a fun Sat night. I'm off to drink wine and make my husband cook me dinner.
Don't tell me da sky's da limit wen derez footprints on da moon....
excellent chat with about the book biz. On to #book^2 and
#FreshmanYearTaughtMeThat , you cant just give your trust to someone how you think is a friend .
Hey are you guys right in Rochester?
just registered for my first half marathon! so pumped to start training
Could only imagine Sterlings call!!!! Lmao!
Or as they call it in Beverly Hills, Dad's Third Wife Day
"The things you say, You make me fall harder each day"
Hopefully no one sees this tweet...I kinda like #partofme by
Been about a year now. I'm addicted for sure. What about you?
start with the people you're looking for, try the thing you're thinking of, codify. No web apps, just people.
Awesome message today! Thank you for challenging my heart brotha! Keep winning souls for Jesus!
oh my... RT : #Twins hitters are 9-for-116 over the last four games.
He did. Douglass excerpts Tocqueville in the North Star.
Come out salsa with LATIN WAVE at from 8:30-12:30 Tonight! Salsa lessons at 9:30pm!!
#3WordsOfAdvice go to starbucks
#MBTakeover! just got on twitter and saw #MrsRight TRENDING! Congrats u guys! #TeamMindless is goin hard! :) 143
which link?
My favorite night of the year !!!
Sandbar Sunday...
That Moment where you just get the Chills for no Reason.
LittleOldLadyBuysHouses.com is having a party just for friends. Come and join the fun!
ayy you went in on that Mercy bro! I fuck wit this
I need you all to be supportive to my stylist---> she's the best of the best
Baker neighborhood prayer tomorrow...we're meeting at Killybrooke Elementary school at 9am. Hope to see you there!
Why do people who make more than 3x as much as me qualify for housing assistance? No wonder you can't even get on a waiting list.
They must now promise not to stop when you say when.
es k no hay pancakes sin aunt jemima :)
#WorstBreakupExcuse it's not you it's me -- wtf what they really mean is they can't stand your good for nothing Ass lol
So now I have to rely on Mourinho coming back to haunt his old team or the Germans winning at home. Both very possible :-D!
Good morning! Hope every one has a good one!
Rawanda or bust.
Glad to do it! That was an interesting panel.
I had a 1993 gold Buick Century with 82,000 miles in mint condition and now its gone and irreplaceable
I do don't I lol
updating the data type dictionary for a digital collection is way more exciting than it sounds!!
I put that I'm in Jacksonivlle, FL, because I'm here right now. I suspect I will be in Brooklyn, NY in a few days.
I like being weird, okayy ~
I'm listening to 50 cent. JUDGE ME
thank you Rashid. Big hugs.
Kids are starving and homeless, yet, we still teach them about Jazz in our public schools. Together we can
you mind if I ask your name?
#6wordstories you are stronger than you realize
will revert back to am runs come July...
Great to see former Pioneer All-American and current Calgary d-man Chris Butler get added to the U.S. National Team.
Congrats to Barrie on her Southern Living magazine, May issue tastemaker spot!
lol what was yall saying about me?
ugggg hey guess what!!!!
Krugman referencing our collective complacency or amnesia that led to the economic crisis.
Hot mess!!!
Listening to Josh Taylor
#FF for #wkdev and career insight:
Saw my favorite OSU celebrity today, this morning. Made my day!
I can't be the best, so I'm gonna take Sunday off at home and get undressed .
neither do i! They're like mahomie from the start, mahomie till the end! No bitch you just arrived! Stfuuu
Excited for tonight! If you're not in Sherman Oaks at the Whitefire Theatre at 8pm you're going to be missing a great show!
"two weeks together, that's all it took. two weeks for me to fall for you" <3
$500 will be nothing after we win Megamillions.
You just turned it lol give it time
On that exclusive club house shit lol
I am getting physically I'll from studying biochemistry
Old Lil Wayne >>
It's a great thing when you find out that you're on the "same page" regarding a "certain someone"! lol! ;)
930-930 Long Day but feels good to be back at work I missed my So happy to not be sick anymore. Thanks Mom
Monday has a whole new meaning when you're laid off.
Are u on the good list or the bad list this year ?
Indeed you do!
tough to look at it that way if you're down here, people often harassed and 3 times protesters have thrown objects at my car.
I got 4 punks and one saint in my fridge.
meant game 1
Recycling gives me butterflies
LOL! Dude, you're hilarious man.
10 more days of high school left.
Investor unfriendly takes down link to their Q1 earnings conference call webcast less than three weeks after their release. $CMG
the average text message users age is 35
he reacted two days ago when raids were conducted. I don't think he spoke to press today.
True. But the D2C biz could benefit in a huge way. Guess I need to become a better evangelist... or, salesman... ?
Congratulations Mickey Kearns for your win against Chris Fahey for the 145th Assembly Seat! Well done!
So much for a morning hike! The fog is thick so change of plans...what else could I do this #EarthDay? <U+E049><U+E304>
Wednesday by less than popular demand. Oh what fun. I think my brain just vurped inside my head a little.
So then I soaped all her windows. Good thing for self-restraint. lol.
my deepest sympathy to you and your family.
#MyFavoriteFoodIs Roasted Vegetable Lasagna. Or sushi. Or dark chocolate. Obviously, decisiveness is not my strong suit.
thank you! I love Fridays too :)
let me see that tootsie roll
Tracking drums today for "The Tag Hollow Sessions"
got work in the morning but staying Up All Night for the Moments when you Stand Up and announce the finalist.
Love your new song man! I dream of the day Im in your shoes on my first radio tour. Will you be near Dallas on your tour?
"Facebook is this big anomalie that's more of the old world of VC not the new more efficient one!"
Big sean
I give it a minute when I approach a line of waiting customers...I'm STILL the one to bitch. Thought I was just too impatient.
This year's cataloguing class at Univ. of Lugano concurrent w/ ArtBasel and the Argerich Festival. Scrambling to work both into curriculum.
I hate it lmao
Hi Larry, great to see you r now w/ Anue. Congrats & good luck! Seems like cool tech. Looking forward to hearing more!
Currently encrypting my entire system disk. My computer is made of line noise, my passwords are made of line noise. What should I do next?
Looking for some good Irish genealogy blogs. If you know of one that you really like, please let me know...
So excited to be working with #LandstarPictures on their new feature film!!!
I just saw an old couple taking a stroll in College Park with matching outfits.
Retweet if you are headed to VEGAS this weekend!
so true.
Well, humanity majors are pretty touchy people, so it usually took me about 4 beers before I asked why life should have any point at all.
ugh! So beautiful!
ha! i'm guessing that both of you shook your heads in disapproval when you saw the battery status on that photo.
Job interview today. Wish me luck ):
smh you stay in court lol
hey beautiful hit me up with a shout I followed u and ur friend ^_<3
yes mam. I'm putting off editing mine right now. You know, because being finished early is totally overrated.
Keep up the great work David. RT : Happy New Year to everyone who reads, watches, listens or interacts.
Hi there!
lol. Try asking it anything from one of the commercials.
Time to turn over a new page, and see what the next chapter brings!
He who loses money, loses much; He who loses a friend, loses much more; He who loses faith, loses all. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Have you watched the show Supernatural before? Started the series this weekend and I'm hooked! Made me think of you guys.
Just wrote an amazing paper in english about a crazy fake king and his sister, the queen of st louis. Lofoof?
Server back up. Not directly a cyberattack, this time my server guy's human error in the evening procedure to stop 'em LOL!
lol! Thanks for laughing! Until we meet again! :-D
You are welcome. :)
Most Americans don't want the gov't telling them how to arrange their home life.
What the hell is this.
Dear get a better profile pic. Emo kids are so 2005
Fair and 65 F at Chicago/O'Hare, IL Winds are East at 12.7 MPH (11 KT). The pressure is 1016.2 mb and the humidity is 2
Got koolaid juices out the box in the store
There's no better feeling in the world than a warm pizza box on your lap
Happy birthday!
Contest is now Closed!!! Drawing will be sometime tonight and I will announce the winner. Thank you!
Creepy ass old person
Senate is in recess and will hold pro forma sessions until Oct. 3.
lol anyways lol yeah. so how was ur day?
I started playing it w/o earphones, *keymash* *please stop* *grabs earphones* *ok, resume*. haha, omfg. XD
I love your new Twitter tweet thru...love your site. You rock!
#shabazzpalaces and #OCNotes, wish I was there.
Whitman basketball tonite, last chance to get a smoothie, hula on by...
happy to hear that. Time to sleep. 5 am here, sweet dreams!
shit was amazing..jus witnessed history
Netflix streaming quality makes me feel like I'm watching a VHS. Recorded off the television. For what am I paying, exactly?
My algorithm isn't recalibrated very often. ;)
Hey, whatever works !
Children of Men has flawless cinematography in my opinion.
Shoutout to Precious at the blood drive :^) smoothing out the whole process
Seems like many of the paper based medical records professions likely have similar conference topics!
Don't like me? Don't think i do anything? Follow me for a day, then try riding a horse like i do. Then you can hate on me. okay? okay.
"If we don't teach our children to be alone, they are only going to be lonely." Sherry Turkle at
Cracking down.
This Friday,after Meredith's Power Yoga class in Midtown,we will celebrate happy hour at Salumeria w/ $2 Peroni, $3 wine & free bruschettas!
Yyo shush up
London today: rollerskating Easter bunnies and Jesuses riding the subway. I could live here
If your presence can’t add value to my life, your absence will make no difference.
i swear if this girl, tries to blackmail me with this one picture, someone is gonna get bitten.
If MikeBibby the #Knicks star tonight NY fans in for a long night lol
My day was wasted. I'm screwed. I need to finish lots more before friday.
Working to assist Clamshell customers to meet today's Safety Standards #diecut,
Sacramento it's ur turn! r rocking a SOLD OUT show TONIGHT! :)
True Born Records x
I ___________books. Fill in the blank.
I ordered today & it took them over an hr to deliver 2 sanwiches less than 2 miles away. That is NOT freaky fast.
hahaha I definitely should have studied...
you're going to be a legal shortie now. :)
This is the day that the lord has made I will be glad and rejoice in it! :)
RT : Love is all we need :)
#Fridaythe13th sale happening now! Use code LUCKY13 for 13% off any order & free domestic shipping for orders over $13!
Great Minds Discuss Ideas, Average Minds Discuss Events, And Small Minds Discuss Peoplee.
So happy that ABE is one of the 100 theaters involved in The Laramie
Pennsylvania promoters and booking agents. We're looking to book a date in June . Email for booking at RT!
The gospel stories of Jesus’ passion are not primarily history remembered, but prophecy historicized and early Christian propaganda.
Wed. now is drag night! $500 to the best drag performance. Open all 18 & up. BYOB. @ Try Outs located @ Babcock & Eckerht
Very excited that The Peak played a Michael Franti song this afternoon.
Um, I just saw your MAJOR airtime for the countdown!! And your kiss on FOX News!!
not one single fucking part of this is fair. fuck everything. just fuck it. wake up and realize what you'll be missing
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (7)
I <3 U ....^_^ makes my days in love forever <3
You better lay off those high kicks this weekend!
& now we're both alone, the consequence we pay for throwing it all away..
your just,amazing i just cant describe your tallent your thatwnderful :)
would really like more vegan restaurants that do not serve fake meat!
I'm fuckin in, your fuckin out! I'm Kenny Fuckin Powers
already writing to the track...
Couldn't get a ticket...was a sold out show RT : Standin' in the rain... with his head hung low...
8% of Americans engage in regular anal sex.
love you too!!!
So sorry about the lack of posts tonight, technical difficulties!
“: Now here goes the so-called fans bashing players. Lol..” It's classless.
Naw, I met them :)
Im going out but I promise I will by midnight,I never break my promises,just saying<3
Britain unzipped is hilarious!
right on! Thanks!
lmao go take a nap
Just landed at SAN for
Damn precious aint even give me no hug,
an i been saying that for the longest im glad i spoke to u i feel like beating somebody ass
We had this stop kony 2012 shit and now we have this StopTania2012...now wtf is this shit? Holy shit you people drive me insane! Lmao
Hate havin to ask anybody to do shit for me
Agree. I also hate that it is sometimes cheaper to buy a new printer than ink refills.
Great morning at ! Harvest Cafe Coffee, cheese samples from , & breakfast box by
/ wat it family!!!
oh im sure it does lol
Tip 2: Be realistic about your JV partner in China. Partnerships work out long term if you both have mutually beneficial objectives at heart
I am sure seeing that after 5 years... the reluctant are slowly following.
because they are... prove what?? It should be as second nature ..
Manning and Tebow on the same team running in the same offense at the same time? It's a scary thought for NFL D-Coordinators...
how ya feelin these days Colleen?
well, i don't know
Good morning everybody!!!
Word for your game: BEAT
I'm a ginger.
I prefer to purchase my #naturalhair products (LOCALLY or ONLINE)! (please pick one)
Good time to go to the restroom or get something to drink.
I was at the time (had 5 witnesses) -Have a great day!
RT : Good Shabbes. Everyone else, everywhere, have a happy, healthful, safe, & cruelty-free weekend. Peace & love.
85 bucks suckers
RT "You can do it if you believe you can!" - Napoleon Hill
in my prayers hope yu get well nd everything is okay.. keep ya head up
1all time faves albums ,, on porch enjoyn the rain n havn a smoke
im not just a #wwe fan you just dont understand wwe is who i am my dream is to be a wwe Superstar one Day ive watched wwe sence i been 13
Get rid of the things that bring you down
somebody get queenie off my phone
where are you located?
And the final winner of #wtfweek contest is ! Pls DM us your address & a limited edition Box Set is headed your way!
. We can mount a #VAGOP take-over of the State Senate this #Nov8. Make sure to vote TOMORROW
<<<love this show. I have no time to ever watch TV but THIS show...I'm stuck.
what's B,
you're not even harry,so why would I follow that account.
#youknowwhatIhatethemost u can't pay ur babymotha "dick dollars" instead of child support
Three cups of coffee into Sunday and on page 12 buddy
Seriously might be the most epic beat I'll ever make. And I haven't even made it yet. Fuck, did I just jinx myself?
Kalen is cocky and NOT as good looking as he thinks he is.
AxeOff USA & Hard Rock Cafe are have an Monthly guitar playing contest @ Hard Rock New Orleans. Will expand to other cities
Oh, whatever. You know all that shit is either made up or the people are lying! I'm sure I have way more notches, too.. oops
release a white dove for each follower, each with a special message tied to a leg hoping that they'll find the right recipients
hopefully curse-pari
Impressive vector maps (and Rebecca Solnit quote!) from CEO Danny Moon. Also presenting from an iPad-- appropriate.
please let me touch your ass.
Tearing it up #nola .... Now this is what am Talking About ! #austin Go Buy your Tickets don't miss out
I regret MLB2k12: Downsides of this game, its UI, UX and progression system outweigh the price tag. And the music is horrendous.
no one can really check you in either. unless they have foursquare, which isn't popular really.
i love u plz see this and follow me
Rangers are just whipping asses
Thanks! :-) Happy Wednesday!
Why does class make a niga want to kill himself. #bored Af
how wild jk
"Can we get in and see it?" "Well you know with BlackBoard..."
I'm not attracted to hoes AT ALL!!!
We're looking forward to working with , and we see it's potential for all of Oklahoma. -John Echohawk
DM we developed technology the Red Cross and FEMA both want for disaster situations. Perhaps we can help you too.
Feeling a certain way
Enjoy a nice view, fresh seafood and tomorrow at McKenna's in Long Beach!
and giving away some #FreeCaulk .
you're welcome :)
u've 2 check out this named Jake Vidgen. He won Australia's Got Talent in 2011. he got started on YouTube. And he's only 14!
I don't voom
Guns were made for people like you
If the misspelling is from the original source, I have one guess as to who wrote it.
What am I saying this is so worth it
Reserve your Holiday Items starting Friday November 26th - Black Friday- Supplies are limited. BE THE FIRST FOR BEST SELECTION.
A few years ago, Ruby Tuesday posted calorie/fat/etc. info on their entire menus, and suffered a 25% drop in $$$
we did some of it at Sharkclub a while back. That's on YouTube
Miss seein' u around too! Hope all's goin well
i got hit with a wooden spatula before
so happy to hear that tequila was implied. Anything else is uncivilized. cc:
I need to hire him out. Productivity could increase tenfold.
hey man, i was just retweeting!
nice score.
just registered for #astdtweetup at #astd2011 and am looking forward to making some new friends
Great article -- as always! :)
your polka dots are super cute! PS I finally got to Bistrot du Coin the other day (at long last)!!
wow. I missed you to. I have been so busy that I have not had time for anyone. But I am back
i just want to make a shout out to my sister
Running late for work smh
Are you DARING? We are looking to recruit volunteers to get in our virtual dunk tank of dares! DM us if you are interested.
Just becasue I dont pick up the phone everytime you call, it doesnt mean I lost interest.... I just need some (ME) time, thats all.
Ok Sean Kingston
My mom and I have a love hate relationship
reminder Accessibility Camp is Saturday Oct, 22, 2011. Registration will open around mid August.
yes please attend the tweet up! no more free drink tickets but come meet all your fellow #medlibs #mlanet12 Monday night!
Lets make it official who is everyone taking tonight
Wow this #NUGGETS team is showing done heart and grit....
Barry White's "Love's Theme" #NowPlaying at The Diner in Leo's. That means it's going to be a great day, right?
yeah you're sober for once
Damn she appears on my TL but I haven't talked to her in forever
Our volleyball team stinks! But I'm starting a soccer team since our school dosent have one my school is lame and cheap!! :)
TY, Have a great week!!
however in response to ur message i'm in Jamaica Queens, New York. However, my ministry is located in Brooklyn, New York
Hartnell loves cats. Malkin eats them. Vote Hartnell.
And the adventure begins...
A kiss is a lovely trick designed by nature to stop speech when words become superfluous.
I hv an 11 yr old professional kid chef, Her mission is to inspire kids to eat fresh local ingredients
truck died in the parking lot, thanks to my buddy marker, i got out. #thankgod. #FirstDayOfDrivingToSchool SUCKED!
I am sorry to say, no I am not familiar. Enlighten me?
moving into a new apartment.....with a roommate for the first time in 3 years! Haha.
I did but no response <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I just turned on the tv to the #lakers game and I'm shocked!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>, down by 30!!! WOW
First day of the week! Time to get the hustle going
tragicculture hit us up!
So true. So sad. "As we get older, we get less creative bc we lose that social context." —
I have heard has a great HH, and suggests Black Bottle, Umi (get there early), and Sazerac.
everything's gravy!
Ooh, sounds good. I'll check it out on Spotify.
so cold here.. bbrrrrr
of course! I work @ the agency that designs the posters/ packaging for Mad Men. Everyone in the shop is talking about the game.
junk in the trunk.
School Today -.- I'm Sleepy D;
Hey! Could Y'all P R E T T Y please follow my best friend ? Thank You (:
OMFG Just go to bed(: lol
what's up! Have fun in LA! wish I was out there.
You have three top shelf starters, a guy out for months, one 2nd level starter, a bunch of mediocrity and no closers.
That would definitely be my first choice! Have fun!
ok so I'll roll around the same...want to ride down together
#sdmayornp Fletcher: if we can send you to war we must take care of you on your return. Supports permanent funding for winter shelters.
Thanks for thinking of me! The visualization is gorgeous!
I miss them! Bobby y'all? Yeah that's happening this year.
RT : "Life consists not in holding good cards but in playing those you hold well."
Making sand castles with my hubby and little brother at the beach.
RT : of is rocking her presentation, nice work! #blogwell <Huge thx for your support! (and the twitter case!)
just being honest man
Never love anyone who treats you like you're ordinary.
Hosting old school dance party tonite for a friend running for 29th ward alderman. williams V Banks Mason lodge-5323 w lake st 8-2am
#SINCITY #SINCITY #SINCITY #DUBAI #DUBAI #DUBAI LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT
Top story on Sustainable Business Oregon email is coal export? Unexpected.
It is impossible to get a good picture of lightning
We do our best to help! #Bulls!
Help; how am I going to get all my stuff done? I have no sense of focus or concentration. Take it one day at a time.
better than getting four loko?
When you aren't resisting where you are, then you are free to move forward.
think I shall die before I successfully explain to mother why she needs to have both red and white onions in the kitchen.
AWESOME SHIW TONIGHT!!!
Thanks! #FollowFriday back at you!
I heard there was a photo of her leaving Justin's hotel, crying. Apparently Forbes said Justin was Single so I'm confused.
you're beautiful
i keep getting invited to different places left and right ;D i feel like a total bad ass c;
I would offer to write one, but I'm too tired.
Calculator...Checkbook and Pen in hand...Must be BILL time =P
I took a little French, Russian & Italian back in the day. A lot of American English has its roots in German. Ill giv it a shot.
So uh at least we are guaranteed a point, right?
I'm getting really impatient waiting for these grades, get on it Marshall.
I guess, its no harm in trying things one way & changing it later.
My three year old grandson just blurted out, "I have a dream, grandma. I have a dream." That child was here before.
DJ'n tonight at bar 58, $2 drinks all night..
Can't wait to check out Harry Potter at Universal Orlando! The previews look amazing and I am so excited to see it in person! Counting down!
and i are thinking about going to Lexington to watch the game! Then wait til they land whenever that might be!
your grass is brown
Who has a weekend sunburn on this rainy Monday?
Thanks for the tweet! The Ninth Amendment still means something!
haha, that sounds about right. I was eating 3 TacoDeli tacos for lunch and 2 Torchy's for dinner for a while there.
even my 36 year old aunt loves . lol.
Imma bad, bad man! If anyone knows what song this lyric came from, please tell me. Thanks!
Happy Sunday :)
St Patty's Day Parade!. 70 degrees in Balto!
i miss you, hope you come back soon so we can go to the gym again!!
why Kevin's?
it is a non profit that focuses on inspiring, equiping, and empowering young people to make a difference - youthcanlead.com
will you be covering Stella McCartney this week in #lfw? Xo
im followin u
clean radio edit,instrumental/dirty version/acapella as well as his bio/publicity photo.check your gmail inbox thank u.
RT Thinking about 9/11/2001. I remember where I was and how scared I was...But we must remain vigilant. #9/11
so go make me a sammich an hold the rat poison ;) hahaha
This show is really...DIFFRENT
will do. Do you do large panoramas in a gallery wrap style?
Challengers are not "bad" people but rather usually just concerned parents
Going all around youtube looking up the best Dubstep music ;)
Yeah. I have Dylan's number. Be jealous. (;
plz follow me and can u plz help me get followers ill help you too..
Its so HOT today!!!! I just wanted to start striping in PE!! D:
another day of video interviews... i need to improve my gear
Lol that's awesome :)
#Bones father is right listen to your dad
#FREESTREETZ , THE INDUSTRY NEEDS HIM.
if rng goes home ill cry.
RT : Anybody know of any music promotion/publicist companies in Milwaukee area?
wow. That is bizarre
Ridiculous! RT : 31 GOP men said no to the Violence Against Women Act -the 1st Senate votes ever cast against
- the conservative position would be to privatize or at least localize education and get the Govt out of the way
you are welcome :) going to #SMCSea next week?
< this is my dude right here, an American tryna do the right thang!
Thanks for the mention!! #FF to few of my fav new tweeps- happy weekend to ya!
Thanks:) I love yours!
Steve Harvey's movie producers set out to cleverly "prove" that his advice in his book works out to everyone's happiness...
And the verdict on Blond Roast. Yum! It's really good.
MT Making student writing public through blogs etc raises the urgency of sharing their voices on issues that matter to them
It's official, I now also run And don't have a life.
Last p0ker session until April 18 today...at 2-5 game at Aria
when you're down that long, hold your head like that, r woozy, n sore the next day, that is a #concussion, take #precaution 4real
Why would anyone throw a licuado at at a car? :/
yes! Where are you now? new job, right?
Is there ever a good time to have wireless mic issues!?
Gonna do green sheesha and drinks tomorrow! Deets to come.
Jim: "I dunno...do you think 57% growth in two weeks is impressive?" Elise: "Um, yes". No one ever said my ambitions were realistic.
why are people saying you were hacked?
Managed to dump a glass of water all over myself, AND break 2 glasses today at work.
Slap and run, baby. Small ball all the way. (No disrespect to Ichiro-great player)
Cincinnati doesn't run much of an offense
Thanks for the RT (re: Supermoon).
Metal Detecting UK 308 XP Deus - Two Everlasting Life Bronze Brooches - brooches
Homegrown Garlic!? SO JEALOUS!
Just re-watched, The Reaping.. No surprise, but you were awesome in it!
Triple six clubhouse. RT : i got $50 for the first media member to ask marc gasol his favorite three 6 song.”
Listening to Nicole Alvarez and her instrument...more like a novela than a criminal trial. Don't think this stuff is relevant. Stay tuned.
slow, but good :-)
I Am just so happy everything else good happens for everyone and their momma but NOTHING I ever want/need to happen, doesn't.
So people who can afford Audis also like vampire movies?
i hear we are sharing booth 4134 on sunday at #sdcc! we'll be signing right after you, excite!
Thanks for the RT!
its the GOOGLE APOCALYPSE!!! Run for your life!! GAAWWWWWWWWWW!!!!
Weeks went for X-rays after getting hit on hand. No word on what they showed yet.
Last night was fun as fuck
Back to the keyboard. Young Jocelyn is going to attempt her first "prison" break and meet her new best friend.
Don't forget that Thursday night we have $2 beers 5pm to midnight!!
yikes, sorry dude
A great feature. Glad you tweeted it.
Watching an entitled "hot" girl in front of me suffering through the agony of a 2-hour comedy show where she isn't the center of attention.
I am ten feet away from Tom Brokaw David Brooks and Thomas Friedman at NBC Meet the Press!
You are right. We do not have the bandwidth to spare here!
New Shirt ANIMAL HOUSE/POSTER ART WOMEN'S SHORT SLEEVE T-SHIRT
The Allaince is excited to announce UC-Denver as University Affiliate - together we are furthering research in local government practice.
jealous! Have fun!! Miss it there!! RT: Palm trees and almost 80 degrees. Landed in Miami. off to find breakfast..
Thanks for the Follow bro you band is pretty sweet if you guys ever make it out to the US let us know!
I'm not sure which day it was, but I know it went out. Last week I think via , but not from me.
What just happened... So lost.
thanks for good discussion today re
"you can tell when michelles been drinking" (impersonates laugh) -- thanks, mom
This guy I'm dance club looks like iyaz! Hahahaha
Listening to these tracks for the album and getting pretty amped to put this shit out...
RETWEET if you need some more followers. #TeamFollowBack. MUST BE FOLLOWING
if you were here with me you know what we wud be doing *wink *wink (; EATING TACOS ;D
Does it feel fiercely overcommitted in here of is it just me??
did you go to the previous ones?
A big thanks to for the awesome yelp review!!! Make sure to come back soon!!
Why is it I can tweet but cant see my Facebook
Irene was alot of hot air
The sun is shining, the birds are chirping, the reggae's bumping and it's Friday baby!!! God is great!! :)
there are some things better left unsaid, but you can bet your sweet ass i'm gonna say them anyway.
Powell's began in the 1970s with a $3,000 loan and was able to pay it back in 2 months.
You never cared
Love it here!
#stopthinspo now! its a hideous idea and has no place in society.
Thanks for the RT! How about a follow? Headed to Myrtle Beach for the first time this year. Thanks!
Surf the train, and you could get wiped out ... forevermore.
Get 'em in, and then get 'em traded!
You as me how I know He Lives? He Lives within my heart.... That's what love has to do with it.
Not enough coffee yet...
wow manu looks pathetic
Watching Never Say Never on
chatting with people...
Dear friends, has a problem with all things sparkly. Please let her know how wrong she is.
my favorite urls on twitter go out to & <3
I wonder if u ever think of me :p
yeah all day
Watching Bridesmaids:)
So Im caught up with that lol
How do you say : The girl sat in the chair in spanish? Google traductor says it's 'Usted se sentó en la silla y cayó ... is that right ?
I must say this has been one heck of a semester! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
that's where the blurry vision comes in... internal battle scar.
Just found out some very exciting news about the launch of our App... Stay tuned to find out!
It was nice meeting you. So much chaos. Hope everyone and everything is better now.
gonna try again
we were told pace of play for the open qual was 4:45 by the starter. Na's rounds was 4:15.
In a session by Nik Osbourne from IU on their etextbook pilot.
In your hands I'm sure it's safe! It has been corrupted by PR and marketing
Councilwoman Mary Pat Clarke seeks a condemnation and seizure of the old Mr. Lee's building at 33rd and Greenmount Avenue.
S/O to for being an amazing girlfriend & always being there for me.& for being so successful in life
That was a great find even if he wasn't from your hometown!
#flipclass has changed the way I teach. Made videos for my soccer team after this weekends games to make training this week more productive.
the warm feeling of being part of a group when another southpaw realizes you're left handed
Pacers are lookin tough. clippers grizzlies.
For a start, follow: Check out who I'm following for more resources.
Why in the world would someone steal JUST the front wheel of my bike; Why can't they be like everybody else and go home empty handed?
I don't have a day job :-)
Espresso fans need to experience Cafe Giuseppe, if you haven't. Best. Cappucino. Evah.
We have a large variety and selection of manga books. Check them out!
Dear North Carolina, I can not express how disappointed I am in you at this moment.
It's time for me to buy a new puppy
Don't ya love it when you hop in bed at 5:03 just after setting your alarm for 8:03?
It's a full house here at #DreamYard with the Bronx Arts Learning Community Professional Development!
WHO WANTS TO DO ME A FAVOR???
Ted Nougat
It's not going to be easy making this drive on a time restraint, especially when I pass a yard sale every quarter mile
Thanks 4 your support! Let's keep spreading Spanish culture in the US!
last night was the best ever in my life! I LOVE IT <3 ethan hawke
Gotta get back to the gym... Florida in five weeks!
no I'd actually like to like c: they're just so popular and ugh
Im always really curious as to what music people with earphones are listening too. I feel like half of you are undercover fruits
Leaving for the airport! No more cellphone, and probably little to no internet service once I leave. So......yeah. SEE YA. :)
Grateful for loving, supportive friends on FB and Twitter
It was awesome! As a geographer, it's always fascinating to see how others are using "our" tools ;)
#MarchMadness is back tonight with four games! That means we have $5 Miller/Coors stadium cups
Useless trivia: it is illegal to hunt camels in the state of Arizona.
Thanks Sandra. It's a difficult time for us.
damn you, kay!
is it true that the ICONic Girlz made it through auditions but werent on the show? Thats what i heardd .
Parying & Wishing My Rap Career Take Off Time To Do Business... Lil'WEgi:):)-_-
If I had a dollar for every busted sombrero I've seen on the street today...
Hey I just listened to a bunch of your podcasts. Love them! Well done. Congrats.
RIP HEAVY D...
I'm sorry ladies but not every girl can be nicki minaj or whoever is big right now. STOP and be yourself!!!! Lol
i.e. is there an option built in for sharing citations out? Guess I could RTFM.
To hell with all that rubbish!
I prolly can't.
We usually don't remember days, we remember moments.
Have a feeling will face in the main event.
Somebody would b gettin #capped for real. Then again nobody but me has access to my money. Fuck lettin my man hold it. Lol
Missing him already
blimps kill one Americans every year
I had curly hair before it was cool.
New York is filled with crazies, guess that's why I fit right in.
RT : I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver.- Maya Angelou
most definitely!
Wow. Just woke from 10 hours of sleep. Yes, it felt as good as it sounds.
The only one of your children who does not grow up and move away is your husband.
go into a warren-like beat mode
Totally fair.
Is big af now haha. Thanks for comin man
writing tonight so hard my hand hurts. #writersblock cured!!
I think that it might be beneficial if other players besides Donald Driver and Aaron Rodgers did stuff. Got it?
Shout out to my amazing sister !!!!! Go follow this beautiful girl.<3
fml. no boys danced with me at all. the dance was 3 hours long :(
will u tweet me rayovacbattery.net
nmh pa wud it dew?? N you
I met him via social media. I just adored him.
I love you San Diego!
I changed all my assignments to make them very difficult to plagiarize. I no longer assign research papers.
We want to know what is your favorite mens brand is and why?
ATTENTION CHICAGO!!! WE HAVE BULLS TICKETS FOR TONIGHT AGAINST THE MIAMI HEAT!! TWEET US IF INTERESTED! GO BULLS!
Is it bad I tell people that when I deleted them?!? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
WI: Polls are open!
Dickens in Public Documents Masterfile: Analysis of Environmental Issues in 19th C. England Through the Writings of Charles Dickens, 2008
Heading up to Westerville to help a friends Co-ed softball team out. He said it was a decent team, but I don't usually do Co-ed.
Looking for a GREAT venue for this summer's company outing? Think ! Your staff will love you for it! :)
Is there a strategy behind Cruz's whole team wearing the tiny shorts HE wears
The Milwaukee Bucks are hosting the Phoenix Suns tonight at the Bradley Center. Buy your game tickets by calling us at: 888-493-0004
ILLVIEW got some dope
I will! Later this week mebbe! :-) I can walk there from my office after all. We can meet at a food truck first!
What do u think about Bryce's Bam Bam nickname
put that in your montage. Boo-yah!
This is what happens when we leave town?! (heheh) Excited for you!
Questions are the new Answers
Ready to get the fn house been out all fn day
California #condor eggs have one of the longest incubation periods of any bird species - approx. 57 days.
time to start planning my next vacation tattoo! ;)
Some bloggers and blogs get treated as analysts even though they aren't traditional "analysts"
He shouldn't. He's right
Lol, I know what you mean!
Thought it was interesting!
Just watched a 7 year old nail Rush Xanadu on drums. I thought I could play until this. F-U YouTube!
god i had one hell of a day....bad luck everywhere
Loving that the ice and slush are forcing me to have a lazy-Saturday. Brunch and Justin Timberlake ukulele practice.
I've great, sort of! I feel like crap cuz i'm a little sick. I got a new phone, tho! :) I'm happy about that!
With Alec, yo.
All black (everything).
The worst thing about a bad saturday is that you didnt get to go out :/
thx man. I could have handled this short fat cow patty tho. I know your "bout it bout it"- Master P voice.
Press Release: Unlocking #Autism 's Mysteries: CMU's Marcel Just Uses New Brain Imaging and Computer Modeling To Predict Autistic Brain...
Marc Bergevin brings people skills, sense of humor to Canadiens GM post
The time change is doing my head in, is it 7:20 here?!?
Cinque Terre was so beautiful. I'm so blessed
All White Bricks
that looks very unhealthy and I'm dubious of the animal origins.
were you here for campus visitation? Glad you enjoyed your time at EVMS.
Kidding aside, though. Maybe skewed male but there are plenty of female voices in executive and vendor companies.
Seattle-area friends, anybody want to try out reading water meters for a temp day job for awhile? Let me know, I can pass your resume along.
He knows what to say.
Not sure if I had the ole boy written down so yea probably..
Any other Boston-nites going? Others whose twittername I do not remember/know?
they gone hear this next one my brotha, promise #G2T$
Got a surprise visit at work
How easy would it be to change a Jesse & the 8th Street Kidz tattoo into a Jesse & the Rippers tattoo.
From an NHL playoff game to watching despicable me because I caved into my 6 year old cousin...ugh I'm gonna be a softy of a dad
i found MailingDesk to be my favorite iPad client for g+
That nailpolish color looks new to me.
Hi peeps. It is going to be a busy 19 days up to the 3/24 Race for the Cure. Need extra time, strength, health to keep the stress at bay.
Aww/ you spoke at my pal's graduation on Saturday- she and others said you were the best speaker they've ever seen. :)
Was thinking about posting something on the books I read in 2011 but my site is down ...
I miss you so much you have no idea!!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Too lazy/stupid to automate/coordinate my facebook/twitter updates. Yeah, I know "there's an app for that" but see: too lazy/stupid.
"Can you see the light" John Payton Project
Another closing! Yeehaw!
FUCK it's so hard to type on Twitter after being on Google+ for so long. 140 chars is not cutting it - I'm long winded as shit.
On the 3rd day of Christmas the Courtyard by Marriott Portland City Center gave to me, 3 nearby gardens!
That sounds promising! What are your kids ages again? Mine are 8 & 12
not looking forward to the AT&T issues back home...
prince royce: this goes out to all those single moms, i feel you me: WHAT?! lmao
You get a chance to peep out them trax?
Also follow
At minor emergency. got hit in the eye with a rock mowing the yard.
ohh well maybe we can play catch with that one
happy birthday super star!!!
Don't let sad stories be the foundation of ur identity. "B" Bigger than your past but humbled for your future. "B" FUTURISTIC BELOW THE BRIM
iight ill bring ben davis n T
I just met a couple of #BCIT network techs, and they showed me their data closet. #sexy Learned: plug my phone into jack A, because of
TY Desire! These beauties have been a delight to behold, so fresh and so spring....wish I could fly a few your way!
follow me i love you
Never let FEAR hold you back, feel the fear & do it anyway...
I seriously need some new people to text. -.-
Oh no, I am so sorry for your loss, Mare. ((hugs))
Despite snow, well over 100 adventurous people came out to our Purely Social at Harbor House last night! Such a great time.
GOP MATH: Losing 800,000 jobs a month is better than creating 2,000,000 jobs in a year.
In social media, Two-way conversations are essential in order to be recognized by your customers
No sex or abuse in Game of Thrones tonight?? What will I masturbate to?
“: Even the Amish think Lebron's beard is DOGSHIT” lol.
Yes, it is! Very special and very influential.
I love the sun through the window on a chilly day.
Bumpy bumpy interstate and bad road. This is what ice and snow does to asphalt. Sort of makes me understand the 'why' of the 'Big Dig' PA AM
Have a nice one today!
I want to... I've never been, I actually have no idea when the official parade is
aint that the truth! And good job Jaimy!
Finally watching conviction hope its worth my time
When some1 smells a sign of weakness in you they will FULLY attack. Be strong,confident, nd SURE in everything that you do.
Good things are happening and I'm just having fun enjoying it like a good move... yeeaaay!!
the class is scheduled for Thursdays 2-5 next semester.
Dear school, I don't feel good and would rather just try and get some sleep. Sincerely, Me.
“Would you like some Aloe Vera? Because you just got burned” – Sheldon Cooper LOL!
I want laundry scented perfume
Head. Hurts.
im so SAD. all of IAID, drain notes & gmyh wont wookrkkrkr
RT : Last night was one for the books... and erybody else lol...
Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Cauliflower and Tomato. Sugar free lemonade is Pineapple Coriander.
This team is mediocre at best, but I'm still a fan. Go Cowboys!
it was funny. I flipped to the game, the pitcher throws, & Stanton crushed it. Only bit of game I saw today :) Perfect timing
Yeah dude was a straight up G, no doubt about it.
me too but not staying long. Too many people.
Nigga say his ear was hurting , wheres the toughness .
Grandma complained again that local library has awful books. "They're all Avalon or something". I said...
ThMorUKno: The word RAPTURE is NOT in the book of REVELATION or anywhere else in the Bible.
Finals are coming to a close, so don't forget to take advantage of our "Post a deal, get a meal" campaigns. doudeal.com
... who masturbated once a week or more.
Just heard you on the Radio!(: <3
Good to hear...We encourage our visitors to use the score projections as just one facet of their research.
Baltimore R u serious I thought u all were gonna fade like an autumn sunset on this stretch of games. 2-0 vs Yanks so far
And my nigga look like Michael Blackeson
I've been corrected. Good catch
Jesus Ryan leaf.... Talk about
S/O TO MY BROTHER>> FOLLOW HIM FOR THE HOTTEST PARTYS / CLUB'S IN NJ.
Er, I meant #LinuxCon, sorry. Don't know why I'm constantly confusing the two.
Made myself some chocolate chip pancakess(: wish i was still sleeping thoughh
WHAT IN THE HELL WOULD R.MAJERUS KNOW ABOUT UPSETTING UK.....
In other news, gravity works after all.
Sadly I would bet all the launch techs were lined up and shot with one bullet too.
Joshua, thnx for the follow. do you send out wines for review? your line-up looks interesting at both levels.
There's nothing I hate more then havin to take the train home after the bs game
Ups house party tomorrow night!! 1907 n Lawrence..we play at 11pm..come wearing your fanciest dancing shoes :)
Audition Tip: Regardless of what you're led to believe, bring a monologue, photo & resume, 2nd audition song, & dance shoes.
no Wendy he tried to act like he had so much business. He tried to say it around me & my friend like it was cool -______-
Just saw "social Network"....... great movie!
Rooted my DX. Motorola should pay attention to the movement with customization.
If you do, you should still seek work! RT You don't have to have an agent to book great work. Don't wait. Go for the work.
100 followers!! Thanks(:
My staff and volunteers are collecting nomination signatures at Madison Farmer's Market. Say hi to them at King Street Corner.
i love justins prank to taylor haha poor e
Going on an hour and a half in traffic now.... Why does this always have to happen on a friday???
oh hey.. what's good?
trying to prepare our church for me being gone for 12 weeks
Is anyone else extrememly hot today?
RT : next for more networks, iPhone app and more opportunities to get closer to brands you love
haha its a Drake kind of night :)
i love you soo much. you are my favorite rapper, your amazing and very sexii and thats no lie
so nice that you have 2 jobs that you love! Some people can't even find 1 that they like.
I feel exanimate... sending twitting love to all...
Retweet for a follow back(:
did you see that game today!?!?! :/
tuna melts and home made fries. m
Cinnimon Graham crackers or Honey Graham Crackers?
how bout tomorrow! Maybe 11ish
seriously cannot come soon enough!
Way to add another turnover to the stat sheet ron
i don't even know if i'll apply for that haha
just listened to the podcast from today. I took the video and posted it ;)
Hello there !
If I don't get a call tonight. I'm
POLL QUESTION: if you were one of Santa's reindeer, which would you be..and why?
nah, I don't think so but I HATE it when he lies
thanks for the follow, honored!
Thanks D! Still a chance we might grab another #dgd in the first round or two. Let's see! I see you guys grabbed Samuel
Wine wine wine and a $10.95 steak dinner! Tried the Teriyaki Tofu Kabobs yet? M M good!
you're welcome man. Thanks for saying hello. So you're here in Nashvegas too?
Send me all yall music!! Free spins pimp!!RT : FREEZZZZZ WHAT IT DO YUUUUUGHHH !! BPG
man when you hear the word divorce from your parent <<<
I'm going to end this conversation. Sound good?
I guess it's all about perspective, how one CHOOSES to look at a problem..issue, or even other's pain, feel me?
actress is a comedian named Stephanie Courtney. Charactrer's name is Flo & she has a Wikipedia entry out there.
Need to finish setting up and organizing but this Nigerian thing is very doable. I'm very thankful and blessed.
hi i am a huge fann i love u so much i really want u to REPLY !!!! please ur so hott
The hype in Midwest is amazing!!!! #tornado bring it!!!
hahah thanks, you should have done track!
yup! We use it. We love it. We also made it too.
I knoww I miss you! ):
Go get "inspired by the struggle,created in the hustle" on itunes..
Last Post Til' Boxing Practice Over "Money & Hoes, Money & Hoes" Lml I'm So
Young people....THINK. Social media, television, music, and technology are ok, but do not be ruled by them. Unplug often and go within.
air mattress.
Good morning dancers. How was your weekend? Do any dancing on Cinco de Mayo?
Watching #MTVJAMS just chillin tired as hell from along day.
awe thanks (: i like yours too :)
NO SCHOOL! YAYYYYY! :D
I'm not obsessed wit one direction or the wanted right now<3
I really want to skype me!!!! <3
Finally Cargo goes yard with an opposite field shot!!!
Hopefully I can finish #Mockingjay before Monday! I'm #obsessed with #thehungergames series ^_^
I wonder if I could ever tweet a million!!!
Another reason I try to bike as much as I can. Though I got a flat yesterday...
Dj'n a birthday party on da Southside fenna drop dat BANDZ ON ME by
In case I forgot it was #CincodeMayo, every person in my apartment building is reminding me with raucous noise.
please don't take your own life man, you got a lot to live for ... Just pray to your pops man he feelin what you saying..all ...
I liked you before you had sex. I could hold a normal conversation, and now, that's all you want.
what r u gonna get?
My hats off to "Kick Ass" Kicking Horse Coffee. The best cup I've had for a very long time. Thx for my moment of bliss.
Noise reduction headphones - great idea but wish there was also voice volume control for the wearer - man next to me on flight home v vocal!
The worst part about being up all night on the ambulance on Friday night? Sleeping your Saturday away... :(
thanks, ended up running up there before they closed to get some.
At sesson, "6 Keys to successful Integration of Social Network and Email" - obviously applified sound is not one of them.
The RT via via
Whew. Cancun trip moved back a day.
not sure on those details yet but I'll be in touch as I get things better figured out. Thanks!
Nyjer being an asshat. Love that.
Merry christmas to all my followers
but it was based on a true story so I guess the exercism story tht happened was boring and waste of time to see
Saw a dude tonight pull the classic move of tripping, then playing it off like he was beginning to jog.
went and saw What's your number!! it very funny, and of course a perfect ending good job,Anna
Those determined not to pretend that they know.
You can get addicted to a certain kind of sadness. Like resignation to the end, always the end. :]
We are excited to be at the NCCEP/GEAR Up Annual Conference in Washington DC from Monday July 19th-20th!
Happy Early Born Day to my brother ... #WeGoneMakeIt "I Appreciate You Bro"
yeah ever since it started!
Rocco Dadabo just flows off the tongue, you know? Thanks Mom & Dad.
painful! RT : Just brought my vacuum outside for a moment, & a tree fell on it. I forgot about nature and vacuums.
This is Antoine, one of your biggest fans. I am sorry to hear about the loss of your father. I am here for you always. Love ya!!!
An audience member told she was proud of me after my set
#FF <- FOLLOW HER OR ELSE U WILL GET EATING BY A MAN EATING TURTLE!
Well said! RT “: 2 things that resonated: That there is power in honesty and strength in living an authentic life.”
best thing at grubstake?
yes! Bacardi after!
all i listen to is Black Hippy, The Weeknd, Black Star, Outkast & Tech N9ne
Would love to see Levon Helm Perhaps I can give him back his drumstick from 2010 for a 'miracle.'
Bored out of my mind. And my feet hurt. I want to go home.
youre twitter profile looks like mine.. full of foursquare checkins haha. goodbye summer indeed. enjoy old town social!
might have to hang out one day
That's definitely one way :) Hahaha
House Full
that's a jam right there
ask anybody else if they got one too! Hahaha i promise
The whole universe exists within you. Ask all from yourself. ~Rumi
If I had money to loan my children for college I wouldn't loan it to them, I would pay their tuiton. Wish I had that much $!
tell her c wut she says
Pat Barry had a nice finsh! Grats!
I'll eat the cake then!
Be Joyful despite having considered all the facts.
: so deprived I know. But I can dance around all crazy on my own! Haha
Let's get it started!
So tired this morning! March break is over and it sucks going back to all the drama, books, and the tourtre of homework :P
Limed up a summer weekends job that starts in late April. At least I now have a cushion.
Hope you all can come out and see UB's own stylist Nina work her stuff at the Austin Fashion Week kickoff tonight!
Not yet.
I have a buffalo chicken pizza from papa johns will that work
Anyone else feel like When Joel Przybilla Has 6 Points it feels like he has 30 points?
Salon coupon cards are a great tool. #Idea give one to a first time customer, offering them a free haircut and style on their 6th visit.
"It does not matter if you're someone at home ... Are you willing to be a 'nobody' negligible elsewhere? "
I don't follow
that's a lie
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident Westbound Ben White Blvd before Manchaca
GM, Thanking God for seein another day.
bitch u dont kno what u are talking about..
I think I only have two #cpd23 things left. Maybe next week's launch will inspire me to finish them!
I felt it too in SE #DC It was a pretty good shake!
Can Madonna move any slower?
well if u ever have questions just let me know!
I'm ready for some Neon Country here in a month or two.
A gallon of gas for a dime? Elect Ron Paul!
The way you severely objectify women explains your martial status. I don't really see anything sexy about you.
I'm just pissed at her cuz she got to bang Ryan Reynolds whenever she wanted hehehe
Mazatlans Top Rated Hotels: Enjoy luxury treatment in one of Mazatlans top rated hotels with Travelocity.
Are you a #journalism student or budding #food #blogger in Vegas, Portland or LA? If so, we'd love to know u! media (at) cravelocal .com.
Dell doing a great job in training their employees on social business
Amen Brotha! I'm glad I could help. God bless.
KISS is classic, no one can deny that. But I will fight you on "sexy" tooth and nail. ;) *shudder*
Great Southern Hospitality 2nite at the house that built!!! Peabody HS.....
#Someday will notice me and maybe even follow me <3
haha thank you!
#ThingsYouDontDoDuringSex is fart. Get yo stank booty ass outta here.
Thanks for the purchase Will!! Look for it next week. I have some new art ideas I'm playing with. Prepping for an April.
A boxing match is like a cowboy movie. There's got to be good guys and there's got to be bad guys. . .
thank you guys so much!
Look at LUND!
8 weeks until i leave this hellhole and go see you one last time.
RT : we're told a 15 foot wall of water came through the dixon apple orchard shortly after our #kob4 crew left yesterday...
Smells like chicken in here...could it be the 15 quarts of stock in a rolling boil on the stove...?
#Gonorrhea can be transmitted withOUT ejaculation - important to protect w/ #condoms as soon as you get started!
do whatchu gotta do
Did you take pictures?! You know how much I love shirtless.
Guest Chef Monday TONIGHT at Stella in the South End. Meal cooked by Marc Orfaly! Call for reservations 617-247-7747.
ima help you!
BAD SUSHI
SO jealous!!!
yeah him, BTW Esthefanie says Hi and she says you are a smart fucking person. I agreed :)
i think i may have missed one of those emails about running ProPresenter... ;-)
So bored at
56% of pastors have viewed porn in the last month, and the other 44% are lying
#69Factsaboutme 43. I love to help people.
' oh. Well I just logged out
what is your fee after the month trial?
Hey I herd you were a wild one ;)
. We're really proud of these entries. Thanks for sharing!
love love love the Jason Wu for Target dress! Cant wait for Feb 5th!
I do not know where to find my online classes #FVSU .
21years i been pimpn since den
You are wrong my friend. He has fought & will continue to fight. Do not believe the pundits. Obama is a strong president.
They have one,.and its called cops.
The way to grow old gracefully is to keep active.
woke me up -_- lucky I love her lol
3 canceled dr appts and a prescription for ladies only not covered by insurance; could gender-reassignment be path of least resistance?
homecoming and the redslins winning...a terrific weekend and a wonderful girlfriend <3
<<<< calculator taker
Yung Rizzo, goes mall tour watch out for his mall tours in Luzon area, PI this March 2012.
Congrats ! Well deserved! Hopefully its the inspiration you need to push through and finish.
SWAG' doesnt involve being an asshole to girls .
Don't you love productive mornings? Maybe I should thank my son for waking me up at 5:30am?
DC: Freezing cold outside, high winds and when will it end? Perhaps tomorrow?
How does one smile in a mug shot? For real! You get popped for child porn and you smile?! Sick! Perv!
Do you have any problem of of your skin just take a look on
Back to work after a great weekend in Yosemite.
I've heard of the Green Rider series, must download that. Have you read Hunger Games?
If you want to run a certain pace during your race, you are going to have to do it in practice. Try for at least once a week.
Lunch time!!
"‘How did we get to this kind of breast cancer culture that privileges shopping... as opposed to getting angry and asking for change?"
Well, there the art skill, eye for art, music taste, writing skill, and the whole brunette with freckles thing as a bonus
Richie boy! Spent lots of time with Richie when I lived in Orlando.
*waving* I have been MIA on Twitter lately & am drowning in FB & email messages. Life is bust, but it's good. How are you?
please let me know : ) my students really liked the texting this can be another way to review or help assess needs
This plum juice I had....fucking my stomach up...
I love you!
But it's nothing really "doll like" about some of these faces... RT : What's a "doll face"? So many on my TL lol
Welcome to Todd Shaffer, our newest fan!! Thanks for liking our page, now, tell all your friends in western Pa about the Golden Goodness!
#TGIF #FF Glad to connect with you both on the twitter feed!
"4 score and 8 RBIs ago, Hamilton's forearms set forth a record setting night..."
you're right - there was nothing else going on in music in the late 70's other than Foreigner!
Me either, but after the season he had, I would HOPE he's good.
who hates Eli??? Bert, this it why we don't reply to tweets.
i love you so much and your my inspiration forever<3 hope i can meet you someday<3 any girl will be so lucky to have youu<3 14
I haven't used it, no, but JB showed it to me and I just watched a video about it
Just starting webinar w/ Rebecca Davis (NITLE), , Jeff McClurken, and Rob Nelson on teaching DH101. Technology is working! Yes!
hi texas jack!you can either check out our twitter feed or face book, just like nannie fixed it.hope to see you then! :)
About to drop in the boat for a slaysh on blue springs lake!
Ohh im back but soo happy got my progress report dats lookin good
thankyou babe bye.. :)
I like to fuck fight, so we spar in bed. I got that pink pussy, he beat it orange red.
I'd rock your socks.
Tried that and threatening it a well. A straight up restore did the trick.
damn if I was home I would hella take care of this matter for you! Lol
in the lab recording new single. Team #LOJMG compilation coming soon.
hey buddy,your website tells me u are a racist.Until I hear or see some other material.But I think I wont....we'll be back.
this is a sad day for justice...i am sorry
I love you and <U+2665>
Today's postings will focus on customers and how to get they what they need (service)
Totally agree! :-)
Thanks for getting Goyte out of my head. Now to try to get Star Trek: The Next Generation in my head. Or any Zelda theme.
haha omg!!! why didn't you say anything crazy!? so funny!!
I love easy A (:
Taking our niece to Build a Bear. This should be interesting.
I think that everyone I'm watching right now in in the room with you.
Why are you depressed?
if only yall were coming to North Carolina... </3
Monahan needs YOUR old home video footage! We are traversing the American mindscape in video. Contact us for more info...
if you just wanna play you would've split the difference and made a deal, NFL gave up 600 mil..... that's compromise.
#FamilyCare hearing is now being held in 411 South due to large turnout. Thanks for the update!
Here's the first tweet saying won't have an MCA 'Ode to a dead guy'.
yes yes and yes!!! so excited to see it : )
I'm a girl in a mans body ! 100% Lesbian let's hook up!
the last day of school needs to seriously hurry up. im sick of this waking up at 6 am shit.
And it was a blast! RT : we do separate sessions, have only buddied for a few minutes once.
PUSSY RUN EVERTHING FUCK THAT NOISE!!!
On the day that article was published, I was sitting in a Starbucks inside the mansion of an evangelical Baptist in Florida.
1D Makes Me Smile!!!!!
The masses have spoken. #Pittsburgh LOVES Kate Romane!
S.O.D. Money Gang All Day:)
lol thats whats up. You have a good time? Did you rage after?
I'M #CRAZY OH SO CRAZY !
Really getting excited for my graduation/graduation party, you guys.
Knowing dat he didn't meant his words in a bad way.. :')
send me the link
Snarky privileged collegiate trust fund baby, meet resentful poverty-line debtor. The betting pool is open. Odds on debtor win are 50:1
Happy Friday from San Francisco #ff photographer commercial Napa wedding Silicon Valley siliconvalley bay area
On a personal note: Today was a good day. Kid does not need hand surgery, Budget got resolved, and I enjoyed a quality meal with my family.
I dnt go to school today:o oh..it's my moms fault(:
At church:-)
flowers, dinner and that's about it. Low key. She likes is that way.
bring your coat hangers.
<U+30AB><U+30BF><U+30AB><U+30CA><U+3002><U+3002><U+3002> why are you so hard to memorize?
Tasty and healthy food. Out Tummy thanks you in advance. RT : Oh yes! Food too
Instead of giving myself reasons why I can't, I give myself reasons why I can. Coach Lou
A MOTHERS LOVE IS A DIFFERENT, SPECIAL KINDA LOVE!
Dinner at maxies tonite. Good wings. Good shrimp and grits. And good dogfishhead raisin something or other on tap. Will be back for sure.
Lots of good movies coming out...
TY! Enjoy! RT : #FF Great #nutrition resources Happy Friday!
isn't it a wonderful feeling! pretty soon THAT dress will be too big to wear, so wear it now!
I'm trying, Ringo. I'm trying real hard to be the shepherd.
Hunger Games has officially sucked me in...All those hopes of home improvements this weekend? Gone! Must.read.hunger.games!
then we would have to put all our faith in John Connor...
Shout out to my favorite follower :)
Hey sweetie, how are you?
Just saw your tweet about the wrong wedding website on the invites. *facepalm* My bad!!!!!!!!!
goddamn, I'm jealous. I had green juice.
Will do...Sorry to hear that
's badness makes me feel weak and flaccid in comparison.
What a perfect SF day: cellos in the park, schnitzel, and cardamom rose ice cream. Thanks and Sara! :)
RT #nowplaying Natalie feat Bun B - What You Gonna Do
Today, Thanksgiving 2011. Enjoy the American Tradition. Remember you have a great deal to be Thankful for. Thanks for following me!
Arg caps get it in the goal!!!!
tomorrow its gonna rain.. gonna wear some jeans and boots tomorrow
I went edit overload on this video oops:/
Good night twitter
Follow TKO Entertainment- the most effective promotion organization in New York!
I swear I care about my momma life more than I care about mines!! Just wanna see her stress free & work free.
Killing time between fun with work works well for everyone
mine sucks too, actually. Bleh.
will u pretty please follow me? It's my birthday (:
Thinkin of a master plan...
Sloths are gross. Also, boobs are AWESOME!
#Wine of the day: 2007 St. Eugenie syrah-barnyard, loam, dark fruits, Christina Aguilera in a glass
glad to hear things are going good!!
Well, indeed you have been busy! Congrats and welcome, Grace!
Dude, your Spanish needs help. And, he's Panamanian.
Thou art truly an inspiring artist (accent on the teest)
#4WordsYouDontWantToHear get on the baseline
was pretty cool. I RT the final pic.
- Holy crap! Here we go !
#Awesome day Kat! Thank you do much!
Let me be Superman and you be Lois Lane
RT : Its 2012....How do we not have lightsabers yet? We do, they used one to do Chas Bono's sex change.
are you lying to me, Karl? Haha
Nope, is it good?
Great! Glad it works.
come visit me when you get off work, I'm working the Streetza truck!
Rant, rant, rant, bitch, bitch, bitch. ughhhhhhhhhhhbdnlasksgdsbdvsk
I'm guessing you don't watch the show lol
Thanks for sharing the #SunStandStill message, John. We are glad it's igniting your #AudaciousFaith ^staff
"Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one."
Uni's undefeated
This month's Free Sound will be a day or two late, apologies to all.
Are there any flavor/scent combinations you'd like us to create?
My Super Bowl take? Eli's a big baby, Brady's supremely arrogant. Can both teams lose? :)
Twitter asks us, "what are you doing" not "what are your problems". I don't want to hear people complain.
It's all about agility
Every one follow NOW!! <U+263A>
Philly taxi drivers are VERY VERY scary.
License plate spotting: "Guns don't kill people...people with mustaches kill people"
If only you saw what I can see. You'd understand why I want you so desperately.
ask & u will receive!
I'm getting you access to Cheftable, stand by
lmao I'm actually in the area doing signs and whatnot.
I'm pretty sure today is going to be one long slow jam. I can tell by the fact that I want to do the backwards running man in slo-mo.
Revengance will be mine!
GoodNight Everyone, Sweet Dreams xoxo Hope everyone had a blessed & wonderful day! :)
Clearly UR head has been to close to the microwave the past few weeks. I also said they'd regret letting Kotsay go!
:) Looks like you've had a nice throwback weekend on Netflix.
Kindle fire was the best 169 bucks ever spent
To the Tower with all bros and party-defeatists! I am so not above drawing and quartering.
Most awkward line in a movie by Mr Jeff Goldbloom "Saahraa" would agree
ya mon. No worries
Best be ready at 8:10 ON THE DOT
My birthday is coming up… ;)
Unfortunately, the C's are third (and a lot of times 4th) in terms of attention/popularity here
Started using Facebook & LinkedIn to market.... interested to see if this this type targeted marketing will work... stay tuned.
and which current presidential candidate knows less about US history than you? Bold statement. Back it up.
You sometimes think you want to disappear, but all you really want is to be found.
Never been this hurt, if only she knew tht or even cared enough..! :"(
only if we get a time traveling prequel where Arnold travels back in time and erases their existence lol
...Sad to think that he most probably calls himself an educated individual!
I'm SO glad someone is explaining the plot of Twilight to me. I had no IDEA.
with my family
it's
To all my fellow bros of the Eta Sigma Chapter of Kappa Alpha Psi Fraternity, Inc., Happy Charter Day NUPES! 37 Yrs of Achievement !
Dear girls, if a boy pauses a video game just to text you back . Marry him!
Work hard so we can PLAY hard!
There are undoubetly more people at the #pmblgameoftheweek than at 2nites vs Bulls game
As I've filmed much rural life in America, I find the farming/ag culture & small towns special. Big cities are too big.
That's great! Sounds like a well rounded, talented kid! Does Jesse have a profile on our site yet?
Happy #MothersDay to all moms and moms-to-be!
acoustic covers of songs by A Perfect Circle. that's how we play and we like sharing. not to many kids can play nice but we try real hard.
we are a very special place that inspires creativity
There's an idea. I'm such a dolt: I never think of YouTube as jukebox.
Good morning everyone... Have an amazing day!
Session by
I hate work :(
hahaha me too x) im breaking windows in here and shiz !
NEVER be 2 PROUD or LOFTY to give someone some FOOD.FOOD is BASIC.U don't have to invest MUCH TIME AT ALL into it/Makes a HUGE DIFFERENCE:-)
Haha, thanks!!:D
Research and Markets: iMac Portable Genius, 3rd Edition - Tips, Tools and Shortcuts on the Latest Features of the iMac
Guess I'm wrong.
Why is tic-tac-toe even a game? The only way you can win is if you're playing an infant.
I have a black lab/sharpei mix named "Abra". Sadly we lost her brother "Kadabra" a few months back
last time I tried multi-tasking I almost burned my apt down.
Thanks Jinny. It is disappointing to see the scratch. Where have you been traveling lately.
Are you a super user of the ATLA Religion Database? We welcome feedback. Booth 251.
you bet!
Everybody wants to be a hustler until it's time to hustle...
I know, those high end options sounded super fun.
Is it spooning if im by myself?
I haven't...I keep forgetting to pick it up.
As a business is there any upside to allowing competitors to join your social network? Follow you on twitter, FB friends, etc?
Don't text me after 11 today.
Congratulations ARCHIE PANJABI on your Emmy for your portrayal of Kalinda Sharma on The Good Wife!!!
lmao I got a good comeback fa that
definitely. i remember it like it was yesterday omfg. "hella swag" xD
love this!!
What is twitter jail and how come only black people go? Seriously,trend it and see for yourself. A twitter jail? Really? That's ridiculous
But baby wheres roommates? Did you make sure the doors locked?
is the krikri pronounced kreekree or crycry? because i want to make sure i call you the other one from now on
Ready to launch pay per cluck program tpmorrow for the gersh
Did you know Burrata means “butter” in Italian? This creamy, rich & lemony cheese is part of this week's specialty Cheese Flight at BIN.
A wise man kept being truthful even when everyone else wasn't
will you be racing any around Wisconsin this year?
(cc ) Woohoo!! I am in for the movie now!!! Warning- I'm in work clothes! Be intimidated!!
I have differences of taste with I've no reason to say I "hate" her, though. I just don't read her much.
Omg I've never felt so sick in my life =( but it is nice to lay in bed all day
When u comin to Germany?:)
Happy b day Ma dukes
Forgot younger Simps existed because the elder made up for two. But I did love Ashlee in her "I'm gonna sing things" angsty days.
: Your book is out now? Must get it on our Staff Pick Shelf right away!
Hates getting yelled at for stuff I didn't do.×_× maad!
I'm making my packing list so I don't forget anything. I haven't decided yet what I'm going to wear though.
#HowToPissAFemaleOff WATCH PORN WHILE UR HAVING SEX WITH HER AND MUSH HER HEAD OUT THE WAY SO U CAN SEE BETTER
Yes, Thank You! My first time having dinner there, now I know what everyones been raving about! Fabulous!
The only way to get in is as an intern. Do you have a portfolio?
Same here. I have kids and work to blame but today I'm trying to catch up a little bit.
what to do this weekend??? :-)
SO CHIN UP AND WE'LL DROWN A SLOWER.
Oh my, What time is dinner! Can't wait! I love your cold slaw!
": The highest compliment that you can pay me is to say that I work hard every day, that I never dog it. -Wayne Gretzky"
Get all your pool supply needs from Crystal Clear, we promise you will love them
Ya it's Friday :/ Not sure if I'll be able to go. Jordan was really really cool! I took 800 pictures haha
I read too much into things sometimes, I think.
is having a morning of gratitude, love isn't about what you've kept. It's about what you've given...
bravo! awesome
Not saying she didnt do those things.
OH! I trying to start AM running & am totally up for a running buddy. It'd definitely help my motivation.
hopefully all goes well this round
I pray my intuitions don't fail me..
haha thanks man it means a lot. Just another's project to me.
Let us therefore always attribute rest to equilibrium and motion to lack of equilibrium-Plato, Timaeus, 57e
Best-dressed: Penelope Cruz!
How is 330,000 dollars zero risk? More like minimal risk.
I'm really not sure how we can top this year. Daunting to even think about :)
- Impressive! (The shirt, natch. ;)
Awww, get well.. !
Oh, I got many crushes! What about you? ;)
is that a goat??
I would be down to watch that one. Thing is tho most guys don't wanna change an the wrong dude mite swing on Steve.
better watch out-- is busy undermining your market advantage with some crazy shit! Think he's going to call it MileTill.
All packed about to head to Tulsa to play at Fazzler hall with Fiawana Forte . Show starts at 9pm. Come say high .
The spam you get lookin for apt on Craigslist is ridiculous, all I want is a 2/3 bedroom apt/house at a good price. is that too much to ask?
teaching someone how to drive can be very difficult and frustrating, especially when they don't fully understand what you're telling them.
Hello Alabama
Skoolllll wish me luck *DoNt.HoLd.YoUr.BrEaTh<3*
Deliriously in love
I've got Graham in top 10, Mendy in top 5. Mathews over McGahee....Ingram not in the conversation with those other backs
We only have DSL, no phone or TV service. Got it a little over a year ago, I think?
I'm elaborating on Spirit and Truth that we started Wednesday night with Romans 8 tomorrow morning! Don't miss it!
When I move somewhere that allows pets the first things I'm getting are a cute little dog and a big snake!
One of life's little pleasures is putting on a pair of brand new socks.
Thanks same to you! Have a wonderful weekend. :0)
We're also not writing new lyrics to other country's national anthems today.
hey Grant how are u?
Who wanna be in a video this weekend?
I dont cry easily, I just become weak in front of someone I love the most.
"Your hands made me and formed me; give me understanding to learning your commands. -Psalm 119:73
Most compelling for me on #CoachellaLive right now? Very cool. Great tunes, very visual, good in the daytime.
Doc on KG's screen: "If you look at it closely, I thought Iguodola hooked Kevin's arm from underneath, and that's what pulled him."
Yay!! Thanks for the S/O!!
my school team won our championships for the 4th year in a row UNDEFEATED today!! LadyHawks yayyy
Holy Family Tigers win by 20 over top seed Colorado Springs Christian. On to the Final 4.
I have the feeling that Dany is going to take what is hers....preferably through fire and blood
My daughter (spec. needs) who has been in the hospital for almost 7 months is home. She is writing for therapy and the insight is amazing.
at home business opportunities
Fishing teaches me I have no patience. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
come on younow we want to here u sing !
Pretty sure I am the only 1 that spends this much time&thought on a reading reflection that is worth only 7% of final grade
Its my BFF birthday today....You go GIRL!
my first Sol show will be my last... For a while.
Unknown~ The early bird gets the worm but the second mouse gets the cheese.
hahahha the GRAND MAN:)
Follow , too. That's my App page. Woo hoo!
Cell phones are no longer private now ?? Lol you wanna just get married ?? Smh
Thank you! Love beautiful Kelowna, BC!
excited 2 have super Sid back in Milwaukee. Always got the most out his talent and hopefully he can pass that on 2 this team.
How early would YOU take him?
Today's lesson: "Bear with me" is correct, "Bare with me" is an invitation to undress - glad I Googled before hitting SEND!
on it. Get urself something to eat RT : hi. Get us out of this jam kid.
"You've lost that loving feeling", the most played radio song of all time, has had over 60 years of air time in its 48 years.
Thank you for helping expand my horizons on public art. Great ideas on business side of art.
nobody cares
I don't know what it means, but I like it. RT : coffee, whisky, mobile.
who else listened for the line that Cat claimed was "Dirty"? I did! Haha
Great to see you all today.
Not alot u?
Out of curiosity, , how can I get my coffee to kick in faster? SM Chris might have some ideas!
maybe he should go wash the sand from his clit so it will stop hurting him... Buck lil camper!
Happy birthday to me!<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088> Party hats,balloons,and strippers. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>
In relationships, the little things are the big things. ~ Steven R. Covey
I think that's reasonable.
Congrats on selling out!
Got refund for overpayment to U of Chicago hospital today, for a visit from 2007. Not a speedy bunch there.
bring ya bitch to the club and think she leaving with you i doubt it call my phone ill let you say good morning to her
Be honest with yourself and others. If youre not... Get out of my way
No I Don't Have A Cell Phone... Well One Thats Going Right Now Anyway. My Kids Keep Me Pretty Broke Right Now On Top Of Bills
Hey everyone, how r u all doing today?!?
which CLI client did you install?
Now that instagram is on android, I can take pictures if kids just like . Oh wait...that doesn't sound right.
I dont know if my day could get any better! Its awesome!
Always wanted to tweet from Santa Fe Plaza. Hey, you do your bucket list & i'll work mine. :-)
My favorite (not) hotel booking site is
Winners make their own luck though. I'd say you are a winner ;)
Playing some poker with some good friends from High school!
on Jimmy Kimmel tonightt! RT if you're gonna watch
I'm afraid I didn't bring enough layers for watching 's rec hockey game. These rinks are so damn cold.
Laying in bed. When my eyes are bigger than my stomach! Aghhhhhhh :P
": I admire - a true fan, but not a sore loser." Thanks. The Giants deserved it. Period. I enjoyed a great game!
I was told by stock hokders from previous years that it comes prior to the shareholders meeting.
comes to this, more time that goes on, more voters see, more they side w/ reform (CD/KF/LZ), less they side w/ Labor & allies
I can't wait to see you. Imma tackle you
hopefully they are
Well. I got an A+ in film. No big deal.
air gear the chain is awsome man i love it XD
RT : BREAKING: City commission rejects police chief's resignation in Florida town where Trayvon Martin was killed”
Sunday Funday! Post your Lucky 7 on our wall for your chance to win!!
thanks . Had a blast !!!
hey Brady! What's going on? I hear ya 4 sure! It's good to be busy tho!
trying to!
don't remember where u there the whole time
Bingo starts at 7 tonight at !!
im the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow hard to find but lucky to have
I let Brendon hang out with his boys, I kinda regret it now D:
ago my novel but I hope to climb the promise anything
And my room smells like potatoes >.>
asked by one party to misrepresent a fact to another party - this mediator said "I think not!"
You are so right. Too bad the politicians don't see it that way!
How was this week's? That's good at least, somewhat. I'm off for two days after 13 straight ha, sleep. You?
Gahhhh, you're so sweet!!
Bumper sticker: It's great to be alive in Colma...
isnt it always the way... i didnt get to finish my finding aid, worked on revising the collection dev policy instead.
sorry Greenie, that's not a kiss.
Question of the day: What's your favorite board game?
I admire how is girlfriend takes care of him though. I need something like that.
#Shoutout to ----> thanks for the follow(;
Panda recovery strategy for hubpages - moved authors to subdomains.
well i saw them live a couple of times, and as a journalist interviewed Martin van Drunen at his apartment somewhere in the 1980s.
Did you give'em hell? A little bit?
hhhaaaaaaarrrrible idea unless you want to change your radio show to "the jay sparxx white trash night show"
I hate going 2 white clubs n the only other black guy thinks we can vibe with me.
The customer service is awful. Completely
"Can't reassemble a wad" is probably my favorite thing anyone's ever advised me on Twitter.
ahha I'm weak
Wanting that christmas album.
Thanks! Good Luck with the opening this weekend :)
hmu ! follow me back
The Black Keys on Anthony Bourdain tonight!
A big thank you to everyone who has donated to Prevent Blindness America in honor of Mother's Day! Please continue to share your photos ...
doing my lasts homeworks of Medical Terminology & Public Health :) so I can just study for the finals :)
Research papers are a waste of time. I'm not learning anything and it isn't benefitting anyone! It's useless!
:) already you'll always be with him!
Got my kindle back, its been 67 days exactly
Heard it for the first time yesterday...tell me why I'm bumpin' to Boyfriend.
Slash ft. Iggy Pop :O
Just finished my first Contemporary dance class. It feels great to dance another style other than tap again. It's been too long!
Thanks to all the coaches and fathers who came out to Stonebridge and Paradise today. It turned out to be a great day for golf!
generational divide: ppl who answer phone while attending crowded lecture (and talk while leaving) and ppl who've mastered call back
The DJ Union
Thanks for the follow back :)
I will check out the DC on Friday
Like your next tweet about the Tyler Perry and Kim K in-his-movie-foolishness: I'm totally with ya!
This summer is going to be WEIRD.....well, it already is weird....
lol yeah that'd be good!(:
just said she hates Sasha! OOOOOOhhhh!
. Loving the new merch, especially the iPhone cases! Hope to get one at a show soon! Looking fwd to the new music man!
God is my hero
That'd be
Listening to The Sword for the millionth time this week.
Just finished and all things #kardashian....wow so inspiring seriously couldn't put it down
Just finished making first portfolio assignment requirements & rubric 4 stdnts to complete next week... excited & hope reflections are good
Good, at least you are working with a buyer's agent. It's the only way to go.
"I saw his soul literally leave his body."
Feeling anti-social today. Don't want to meet anyone.
“: Dusted off The Panty Dropper today and tooled the fuck around Myrtle Beach. you with the
“: I would have banned coaches/players for life” Ditto!
No school for me and looking to transfer. SUCCESS
Too scared to sleep to have the bad reoccurring dreams. Wonder of I can blame the #MBA for this one, I do everything else ;)
i cant stop farting.
sounds like every restaurant on the list. Lol
Wish I could Go on a HUGE road trip to California!!!...yeah sounds like an amazingg plan<U+2665>
Top Music Videos | Latest | Most Popular | MTV
Okay... good luck finding horses. Go ahead and fill the infield.
when you're friend has an actual replica of the Master Sword from Legend of Zelda, that gives you total rights to be weird and crazy :)
thanks for the mention
okayy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>... Dude at my job said they were selling tickets if y'all wanna get them before y'all leave
Then he should open a Twitter account! I of course love Chuck(ette) :-)
Is there anything you'd like to ask Ed Asner at out upcoming Fall Reception?
All hospitals smell the same.
i got an 88 in mr. bailey's class!!!
Nice to know he actually cares about me.
for sure! what is the plan?
when it starting?
Broo' Are you on tumblr ? ^.<3 get cho gorgeous self on ! ;D !
Wha? I will drive down there and TAKE IT OFF YOUR HANDS! Or better yet, you can drop it off here on your way to P-town!
awesome! I too was at Rainier. I went to Longmire and hike the Trail of Shadows. No snow. AMAZING view!
Hey my Gin'Iggle had new #chobani! Blood orange among others.
In 2001, I went deaf in Reno. Now it's 2012, AND I'M BACK.
Oh my god. Snipe show
uhmm thanks for tweeting me back..
Just got an email "school's out" school never ends and summer vacation doesn't exist when you're an adult...
iPod. I always leave it charging.
Day-Dreaming *sigh*
Its not our day, #saints Come on!
#vsa2011 I can't afford a professional sports ticket, let's keep museums accessible!
Good morning!!
LOL no she's my first mother silly your mother omg
The old let them score so we can get the ball back trick! Oh wait, wrong sport. What was w/ the (Lack) of rotations on the Holiday lay in?
Lol(: && I'm From Houston, Texas(: Where Are You From? :D
i think my teacher sent an email saying my 9am is cancelled. and if that's not what he meant, he means it now.
so follow me down,take this all the way, anyway you want to
Crushing Venice beach w big milt tonight. Shit is beautiful out here
Urock tour coming soon Gambino and Darichboyz will be in the building 15 cities thousands of fans gotta love this
Congrats to Jennifer Aniston, an honor well deserved.
Still plenty good seats left, but a nice steady pace.
Did you get suggestions for good hiking boots? Am in your Djerassi res. Going to Ucross Wyoming 1st & think I need there too...
Curator Cheryl Ganz: why do the stories of Hindenburg and Titanic still fascinate us 75 and 100 years later?
Not bones, my packages are all boneless. Wish otherwise, though - I love making caribou stock!
Hope to see you all tomorrow night hillcrest!!!
Nope, not paying for a cover in this town
I hate how I always have I restart the DrawSomething app! :|
RT : We just locked up a BIG one for you! Cant wait to release the 2nd announcement for North Coast Music Festival 2012!
A friend who is far away is sometimes much nearer than one who is at hand.
omg that clothes is different<U+E404><U+E419>
Whenever I fill out an application, in the part that says "If an emergency, notify:" I put "DOCTOR". What's my mother going to do?
17 new supporters joined the Facebook group, The $1 Million Facebook Experiment today. You can join too. Its for charity! Join now!
Heading back to the studio tonight to check out the mix on our new record.
Day 4 of getting famous
no problem :) you should follow back sometime :)
Wondering if any of my PLN is heading to DC for NLLD this month... I will be there with
I wish cancer was only known as a zodiac sign
omfg I love you okay.
Kudos to whomever named the dots in a list "bullets." Genius, my friend. (Compare: "spotted list")
: I love that you are giving a prize for #followalibrary day! We should have thought of that for #followamuseum day!
Sad sweetie =( Some people can be supper rude=(
Happy Andy Day!
If the scalp is compromised in anyway then the hair will also be. Build-ups on the scalp are our worse enemies.
do you use the bioderma all over your face or just for your eyes?
no need to cry, the os will make everything better
The day is flying by! Hope everyone is having productive days too :)
One day
Go AWAY rain! It's
haha... no, didn't end up doing that lol. I just thought it was weird that they had condoms on necklaces at the bar. =/
I should really do my work
I'm going over to this guys house that I'm pet sitting. My parental a wouldn't let me layout with people around hehe
Cheers! Of the Dry Stout and the Railroad St. IPA, did you have a favorite?
Also highlights the importance of law schools ("the academy") in helping to solve orphan works problem
I enjoy sleeping in. LOL. It's 11 o'clock and I just woke up. Happy Summer, then x
SO if the world was to end in 30 minutes, who would you saw "I love you" to?
We hope to keep bringing you great musicians to listen to and try out! Thanks for listenin'!
Hola Libby Nice boots!
i keep it G!
ugh, Monday.
Make sure it doesn't eat any of the kids! Our 3rd daughter is due in a couple of months!
Today Jojo and I are the extras in Lynn Shelton's new movie. Thanks to !
My friends at have a fabulous contest: I just entered to win an awesome car seat!
glad to see you on twitter
Holy crap pins are killing the flyers
FML. kill me now please.
wants me to tweet more facts about hawaii?
This is one of the best sessions I've ever sat in on! SO helpful. Thanks for sharing all of your freebies with us.
Layin in bed, listening to the rain & thunder, watching my kittens play with each other.
: it is a cool story;)
HistoryPin - share images and stories: www.historypin.com
they're awesome dogs, so fun!! I hope you get to meet one too :) LMK if you're ever in Austin and you can meet Rain!
I don't think I really cried reading it, and I'm definitely a crier. The perspective is very interesting.
education? isn't everything supposed to be digital?
Celebrate Leap Day with us...20% off our February Pedicure XXOO today only. Its the last day for this pedicure. Call for your reservation!!!
Those perfect pair of blue jeans that make you look so good and feel so great, you want to wear them every day..
rain checks are great; I get them too. My local stores do not extend the Triples or Super Doubles along w/ RCs
future teammates again let's get excited.......
good morning :D
I love so much she is my one try love! <3
Guy working out next to me at the gym chanting "burn baby burn" to himself while he runs...
Super! Zobha awesome, love their stuff :-)
You talk about people, but you're exactly like them dumbfuck.
whoo hoo!!! Love you guys! Awesome job today!!
"And Justice for All"
so very appreciated ;-)
still waiting for Poff to give me a killing photoshoot
My greatest ambition in life is to be destroyed by fame.
Really? I haven't hear of it... I will look into it, than you.
Hate getting this DM : " Hi somebody is posting horrible things about you "
lol uniforms suck
Except, yeah: VERY costly items that're also theft magnets
Sure...I will check out your site!
A 5 team game of monoply to make the flight go quicker?
16u Dallas Diabloz vs. 15u Tx Spikes. Spikes dbl play in first inning.
Snowing on Long Island
Sound good mane. Bud light and we go muddin and shit hell yeah
on now. What for some hilarious excuses for being late? My cat had the hiccups...
RT : Latino Urban Forum to host dialogue & speaker series - "Latinas & the River" - Monday, 6PM, LA River Center!
Bet workin in the lab! I need something to eat! What should I eat? some Chicken wings maybe?
Get full and drunk for under 10 bucks!!! It's $2 Tuesday!!! $2 Tecate Tall Boys $2 Tacos
Staying optimistic for the , new season new players!
Yes, those are the ones. A collective job well done! Now, can they be set free?
Whenever I travel my mom, w/ the help of my brother, packs a small...
I didn't have room to type...#yum!
good seeing u here, Eva
- jason, thanks for the follow. Be well. Marc
COUNTDOWN until our FIRST #whereveryouaretour promo day: 8 days! If you want to help out e-mail for more info!
I am fine, how are you doing?
If you obey all the rules, you miss all the fun. - Katharine Hepburn
What was all that ruckus this weekend? Did I see a pile of equipment and cables on the floor? Are we remodeling???
Tonight's the night.
#PlansForTheSummer... Making $, hockey, making more $$$, working out, Hawaii, and hanging out <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
My teacher telling me how they're considering on taking early release out on Wednesday's. -.-
girl I just joined twitter completely lost help!!!
hilarious, mike.
you do it
Hey u gonna grow that fu man chu like flacco?
S/o to #Armyof7 with
TGIF..Have a great weekend!
Leonard + 1 flap down = cowbell tossing
Happy Good Friday!
RT - When everything feels like an uphill struggle, just think of the view from the top!
ha! Well... I guess that suggestion also works at mardi gras
Just landed in Dallas and welcomed by a drenching rain. I had to get out in it and dance!
Nuggs have won 3 of 4 from the Lakers. Other than a weird last minute in Game 4 this series would have ended in 6 for the Nuggets.
Finally over the stomach virus
Being a Boston College alum is taking this Ranger run to another level.
Congrats to the new Tachi Palace Fights Bantamweight Champion, Ian Loveland!
Heading to #denver in a couple days. Tell me where I need to eat.
yes, but it's such a tired debate, and his view of it doesn't make any difference...might as well ask Newt and Mitt
i got u cutie
Congrats to the team on an amazing #TVnext event. So well done!
finally someone under 30 is in here.
Goofing off starting up twitter.
First and foremost - have self respect and self worth
Gotta spend time with my grandma this weekend.
having a hard time sending you a DM, I would love to attend and will be moving to Detroit tomorrow
New month, new contacts -- It's like someone came to my house and cleaned the windows.
I'm so in love with you, new york!!!!
Sounds like a very romantic Valentine's Day for the both of us!
We'll teach your employees to speak English or Spanish, with convenient classes @ your location! Most effective language lessons guaranteed!
earthquake turns out to be 5.8, center in Virginia
can I finally make my debut.... Or no
I shall most definitely report back
RT": I'm making some changes, so if you don't hear from me your one of them"
#WSU Coach Ken Bone says Brock Motum's ankle isn't feeling any better. Didn't practice today. Not optimistic about having him Friday.
"Helps me to find my voice." Love it.
Pas de tout!
I love JetBlue! I fly them whenever I can
marvin - how would one get deafhood classes here in Rochester?
If you have time go one YouTube and listen to Marvin and Chardonay by Big Sean please
Don't b surprised to c wiltjer knock down some big threes tonight and Teague take control early
wondering WTF! is twitter? its kinda stupid and pointless so im not gonna get on although i have like what 2 friends yeah no wait 3
Thanks for the mention ant the RT! You guy's rock!
My cock always shoots for the stars.
My trainer must think I'm so weird. But if you tell me 'Be Prepared!', obviously, I'm going to say 'My teeth and ambitions will be bared'
Just used the word "us" in a sentence when referring to the SEC.
": World peace lmfao" on the ground and shit at the end lol
Haha, those were the days.
Criticism, like rain, should be gentle enough to nourish a man’s growth without destroying his roots. --Frank A. Clark
I really want to have a hater alert! ahhaha :D
thx for the add, my acc was hacked a yr ago and i barley got it back, feels good bud =)
There are six internships in Web Design, if you are interested contact me. Current ILIS students only.
Thanks for Around Town info on We look forward to fans attending #BabyBashBling expo for fabulous fun!
AnnaLee Saxenian is speaking about I-schools: techonology and public policy, economics, sociology, ....
C'est excellent RT & our winner going to NYC finals is Jennifer Contraveos!
Yes, I know that about you!!!
Text me...
Wisconsin is trending. Sweet! Guess that's because we're here. ;)
I'm 4 of 4 on my NCAA brackets. March Madness is the best time of the year
sux. Account creation process is broken.
Tapping into the brain power of , and is definitely getting the week off to the right start.
Mini Marathon runners/walkers in Indianapolis come by the Monumental booth at the Expo for a discount code!
Had my first ever 5 figure day online yesterday :P
Directioners are true, we are proud, we love Harry,Niall,Liam,Louis,and Zayn We Go In One Direction <3
See if u get me best believe I'll get u bac b4 u get me again an if u would of got me again Ill com bac two times stronger#Im bout that life
Get him on!! RT : Any radio stations in Denver want to have me on this afternoon? I want to talk about my weekend at the
Happy Single Awareness Day
Love the #finecraft posts
Having to play an arrangement of a song you know in the wrong key.
How do we release Stephen Jackson?? Classic addition by subtraction!
I'm not sure I believe Annasophia Robb as a young Carrie Bradshaw, the outfits in the publicity photos just aren't crazy enough!
We'll have to check it out!! Thanks for the tip! Are they on Twitter?
BOS to SFO. Tempted to make it a one way trip. Anxious about staying in our house after a year and a half away.
Shopping , movies , tanning , party . = <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Thank you! :)
This record goes dumb!
Having fun!!
hahaha. Of course! Ah. Im actually gonna miss jones class with yall :((
I'll be in fairview tomorrow there's one there.
If you're looking to collaborate, Hit me up. If you have something unfinished as do I then lets trade and see what comes out.
no stop
- your site looks interesting..will check it out..
Happy Monday! Hit "Like" if you're excited for a short work week, seeing some family, and TURKEY!!!!
SHOUt Out my new follower!!!!!
bad baseball wont keep me from the park. The Rockies dont have that power. 2 for 1 $8 beers would b nice.
ok I get the apparent hint u arent bi or gay ! Bye
Hope my man 's back is good hahaha
;-) touche' - but real tatooes Bo, not ReHObeth tramp stamps.
Just touched down in Boston, so many Dunkin Donuts sightings already. What a welcome sign.
can't wait to see you too! It's gonna be epic
haha I'm thinking bout it
Congrats to the winner of the 500+ category: San Diego County Credit Union!
"slow your ass down!" - as the #obamacaravan makes a 3 point turn, middle of the street, downtown
why thank you Jessie Jo. :)
make it nassty
Already hung out with Obama today. what else is there to do?
Dear person blasting music from their car while they drive by, Wait... I like that song come back!
Waking up in the p.m!
Nigga Excuse #1: Naw That Wasn't Me Baby, He Just Look Like Me.
RT RE FUCKING TWEET!! “: JUST BECAUSE I GAVE YOU A COMPLIMENT DOES NOT MEAN IM TRYING TALK TO YOU!!!!”
RT : Documentation = key RT : A1: Good documentation and communication skills are often essential
Thanks for the follow and support Eleanore, Love the burger and fries pick if you every in the chi check out
Been gone for a way long time. Visiting, for now. Hello, people.
please tell me that's real.
just finished eating crepes at a French restaurant in the city ... n now i'm ready 4 sleep!!
thanks for the Rt!
you can be my boy, you can be my boy toy.
I'm just sayin...
why did you RT yourself? ps welcome to twitter
Found myself sucked back into writing fiction this week. Next week I'll probably pull out my watercolors.
US problems solved in 9 easy steps: Stop illegal immigration, stop fighting wars, legalize and tax weed, sanction gaming industry,
Moving to Wyoming where people pay the least for gas.
I agree Shareeke! --> RT : I'm watching it as well. Great documentary. Things never buy us happiness.
Still awake after night shift. Gotta go bed now. Hope I can fall a sleep. Goodnight all.
omfg your beautiful. You look like El and dani had a kid and they made you! Lol beautiful xx
thank you :)
I want a baby boy!
quit whining
It's worth every tear!
Cleaning out my car for the first time in like a year
Me RT : who did I forget to follow back? RT
RT : Oh my gosh, I'm going to sleep like a baby tonight.
In my world right now Diable 3 does not exist.
She is a cutie.
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im gonna start my fashion designing line...!!!
Our TBRI® training for CPS workers kicks off this morning! Be sure to use the #TBRI hashtag if you're tweeting from the seminar.
Is about to nap-nap.... Nite nite twittie buddies!
Writing a #jQuery interval function for a real time prize pool dollar measurement feature on a #Facebook tab.
unsure yet.
Someone make me put in work. This is too easy.
The most important step you can take to attain good health is to cleanse your body of all the impurities
and I know each other from many years back. It's been a long time mama how are you?
When do we get to dress you in diamonds ?
IODA not working just when I want to find another song :(
If Justin w/ Selena, Alli w/ Christian, Cody w/ Medison. I still have A chance (=
Can't get with Paul the Elder, eh? What's missing? I like your discussions w/red pill, Keen, and unlearning and wondered
What were you reading? It must have been good!
Is ur truck fixed yet?
Really hope this works out as planned <U+E41D><U+E41D>
lol I would but that involves me thinkin
Every day, Americans eat an estimated 18 acres of #pizza. That's a lot of pizza!
I love your existence.
Please don't be upset with me, you have your health, be thankful.
So true!: RT : RT : #Aquarians will usually be straight-up with you about anything, they tell it like it is
I just want to take a moment and say thank you, Lord!
Fuck the men ... let's drink to us!
Never let success get to your head, never let failure get to your heart
I swear to god, if that huge round of antibiotics I just did that totally kicked my ass did not work, I'm gonna be so pissed.
and she told my best friend and she just about snapped on her. she told her to never speak to her again ... (cont)
Ughh I hate wen I forget wat I be wanting to say <<<
Will Do!
All week is going to be like this,
Headed to the first day of my new job! So excited. Happy Monday everyone!
Do you listen to music while you work?
Yeah well hopefully the blues can stay in the Champions League today, ugh.
TRAFFIC: Speed Trap today: 1400 block of E. Johnson.
Happy National Chocolate Chip Day!! Who doesn't like chocolate?
Its nice when people are still capable of being friendly and doing the right thing.
Nothing moves faster than a girl untagging herself from an ugly picture.
dont forget to follow back
RT : Social media is a lot like a 1st date: Be a good listener, and tell great stories, and you'll do really well.
Happy birthday!
iMiss My Best Friend
Nobody cares
Bring it. “: BBQ throwdown? MCN should consider Kansas City in the future :) #mcn2010”
Is howardtv a rip off?
": I'm on your side of the nation next week. We should link. Text me!"<-- It's abt 2 be ON!
Let's go Brady GAME TIME...
Got a feeling we're going to have one or two sloppy people in the Cauldron tonight. Let's have fun today but act responsibly.
Alan Cumming with more security than the pope at VLOV. Really?!? Ok, Nightcrawler...lol :)
Is there a pitch Gordon Beckham can't pop up? #whitesox 2b in two year slump.
Big butt lol
Watch The Colbert Report and see vacuuming as with naked girl for our shoot with Project Magazine!
Pretty sure i just dominated that anthropology exam
RT : Finished the final song for this album. I can breath easily now.
I wish I was you right about now..
You will be prepared!
o that sounds like so much fun!
Free at last!!!
How controlling do you think the NYC SM policy is? I read it more as keep ur personal separate from professional.
I need to smoke so bad I'm flipping out
Oh no! That just makes them more valuable... definitely had dresses on my pocket brainstorm as the most important type
Check out the store for amazing art!!!
Worth celebrating! RT : Today in 1397 Geoffrey Chaucer recited 'The Canterbury Tales' for the first time at court of Richard II.
Today's #vinyl buys: Desmond Dekker: King of Ska (Trojan), Bob Marley & The Wailers: Shakedown (Ala), Beastie Boys: Body Movin' 12"(Capitol)
i cant set my hopes too high, cause every hello endd with a goodbye.
yes - Derrick
Don't blame ya! Congrats~
"ewww!! : When you get a hair ball stuck on your face at the beginning of a set and you can't stop to get it off. "
RT for a
haha how u see that?
theofficekid.com - HILARIOUS article in Biz Week...will find soon to tweet!
cooking up a stir fry!! m!!!
#TimeManagementTip: Make sure that your objectives are realistic and do not try for the impossible.
saw a book by Josh Bezell on Today, WILD THING. Must get it!
Keynote address room packed out
with ! We will def be back soon with our third musketeer :)
RT : Continuing Frist's tradition of diagnosing based on TV. Worked for Frist, right?
NEWSFLASH NEW SUMMER ANTHEM "BREAK YO BACK" FT DROPS ON MAY 15TH @ 3PM WIT
Thanks for the follow and the RT! Keep up the good work with #RedDirtRuckus- Let me know if there's ANYTHING I can do for you!
Agreed. Only in healthcare do u have so much customer data à la the EMR but no integrated CRM.
gotta date today (:
I can not , will not & refuse to be dried out today .... WHATS THE MOVE ?
Tapping out. Can't take it any more
Heard a new version of #AngryWords by this morning on LOVE IT! Great way to start the day :)
researchers from berkeley institute of design skyping into designX tonight for local design research roundtable. next week -- global.
I kid you not, I'm highly looking forward to your return to NYC dude. Has to happen. Hope you had a safe trip back to... Singapore?
A woman can say more in a sigh than a man can say in a sermon.
Win Or Go Home!
The smoked salt and stout one is good too. A little bit goes a long way but so yummy.
Those are the folks who should just stick to making it pretty, and communicate their ideas to the real code monkeys.
hey Adam, wow thats kool,I would love to see it..I miss Weldon, he took great pic's.....
tuna sandwiches
sombody let me barrow $5 so I can get my mom a $1 mothersday card!!!!
If you think that hit warrants a 5 game (10 game w/preseason) suspension, you are absolutely crazy. #NHL gone soft.
#TypeYourNameWithYourElbow: nbdfd mmjfI. Well, I wouldn't call that a success story.
Okay you guys caught me I'm not a serial killer
you can't sue because you already signed the legal agreements! MUAHAHAH x'D nobody did. did you hear what she said to randy?
I think we were keeping the Wing Zone in business
where does freePAC stand on civil rights and equal rights for all
Happy Birthday Zoe!! I really like your dog. She's beautiful!
ha. Two twitter accounts might get too confusing!
Houston, TX to rename itself officially to Whitney Houston, TX
Road Quote of the Day: "Wherever you go, go with all your heart." - Confucius
Haha I'm so excited to be done. I can't wait to get out of middle school!
Ugh, I'm sorry about that! Could you email us at so we can look into it? Thanks!
Also you're totally jinxing yourself.
Has anyone ever visited DOK in Delft, Hol­land? What was it like?
Must be integral to strategic decisions and org bottom line
Welcome to the team Mikey Kenney, Joshua Waldrum, and Victoria Henson!!!
Wisconsin is gonna miss you! You've got a really bright future ahead of you! Hope to catch you on tour sometime soon!
If I pick with you for no apparent reason it's because I like you.
I have to get my head shaved for county and they are gonna make it look really bad....like put shapes in my hair...
Whether you think you can or not, you're right. ~ Henry Ford
Thanks for helping spread the word for the Taylor Murphy Center!
Mary Kate & Ashley Olson on this episode of Sister Sister. OMG! 90s overload!
I've never gotten along with my Siri we haven't talked in like a month
Outside Penn Station We TV did an interesting promo with amabassadors in wedding dresses to hype Sun. prorgamming, but why do it on a Mon?
Real nigga so this rap shit easy, when I speak these niggaz believe me
It was all fro 's own site. Own website. That's how deep the hacking + identity theft is there. I recommend #stayawayfrompaypal !
just wanted to tell you that you're a bad mamajama!! Keep pushing play!
is he feeling better?
can't wait to go to get our copy of #NSNDVD at midnight on Thursday! :)
That was an awkward call...
I'm biased towards WP (I've never built in Joomla. Hated the backend when I looked at it). WP is just better + easy + not ugly :D
Finding news on cable news channels is effing impossible.
fuck yes i would buy if you shipped to the states
Real tough loss tonight but that is why it's best of 3. Win we continue to Final 5.
omg i am so aone someone really needs to hmu like omg!
no problem !! I saw you guys at ATF this last weekend in Tulsa ! Y'all rocked ! I will so be seeing you guys a lot more !
Josh Hamilton is unbelievable, 4 home runs tonight!
Surving the Cut
oh, right. no catch. I just do that sometimes as a way of saying thanks for finding us and positive feedback.
Haven't don't it in months so I'm out of sync. Once I get back on a regular basis it will be easy, but tonight was HARD AS HECK lol
#ThatMomentWhen you're out with someone new & you realize that you can't stop thinking about you know who
ur twitcon >>>> u should be a model
That feeling you get after a fresh cut ...
WELL THEN YOU HAVE A CHANCE go get your man girl
RT : RT this post and you will entered into our competition to win a MacBook Pro! Our way of thanking your support :)
"His electric whispers tickled my ear, and I didn’t know the sounds—I only knew warmth." From my book, BEYOND THE PROPHECY. SWOON
ha.. im with ya
Graduation dress shopping with my baby cousin ...aw she's all growed up.
Just got a job at #HerbChambers #Honda as the new #InternetMarketing Specialist! I'll be doing all the #SEO/SEM #SMO and car #photos/videos
Awww you so nice! ;-)
OUR PLEASURE TO FOLLOW YOU. ALWAYS LOOKING TO DO BUSINESS WITH YOU AND BE PART OF YOUR TEAM IN 2012.
Free Medicine Discounts - Savings up to 35% - Target - LIPITOR -
I stiffed a hooker once. Also, I didn't pay her.
Has she offered a black woman a show yet?
Happy Mothers Day !! God Bless Moms all over the world!!
See where google is driving traffic, but where the conversions are taking place says
Sometimes high comedy is not funny.
Now on sale, bottles of Russian River Pliny the Elder (limit 2 per cust.), Sanctification Blonde Sour & Redemption Blonde Ale
A type of advertising that has great value for money and immense value for your company image.
o well lol
Happy bday to , enjoy your day hermano!
- Hi ya! Just checking out your site. Gr8 ideas for Bay Area family fun. Love it!
depends what browser you're using
Not sure why that guy just took a part of the hotel's (fake)floral display.
Big night , #GSBOYZ, performing, doors open at 9pm till 3am, THIS WILL SELL OUT EARLY, avoid the line, show up early
On the Blogs: DIY Urban Gardening and an $8,100 McNugget
Shout out to for contributing to me being address as K Kiran, year after year. It never stops. lol NM, how are u?
Interpreting slavery-Visitor: slavery just wasn't a big deal down here. Ranger: it might have been if you were a slave...
What are the changes
Desperate but effective! Haha! Big thank you!
the text MSG from was so random. ( I love showers.) Hahahaha random much but hey I love em too lol
Swing by and check out some new music! We have some amazing singers!
maybe but it polishes to the prettiest shades of green!
Inspire while trying to create € seek words of wisdom in this world of hate !! Live for the future through the past in the present
I want britts iPhone :(
At least it's under warranty and the repair guy will be out tomorrow afternoon. Hears hoping nothing can mold by then. Grrrr!!
THAT NAP WAS NEEDED! !!!!
Thx for the RT sweetie! Let me return the favor :)
Still awake and I'm supposed to be getting up in two hours....yay mondays!
Well stated RT : Appeal ofNFL bounty penalties will be test of CBA grievance lang. Very imp. Assume NFL is correct: PA renegotiating.
Nice. hold it down my friend.
I was not able to park on my street today due to pony rides.
Granderson crushed that joint. Damn.
Belt Parkway Brooklyn New York dangerous at times beware of accidents and Runway Towing! Your motor taken hostage by that tow company
Im from a place where stars never shine.
Nerds on nerds on nerds. RT What the heck is star wars day?
LOLOLOLOL! The OZ!
next period :p
good good
Epic Thursday is in full affect tonight!!!
wake me up when it's wednesday!
Was a reminder that I have credit remaining. Subject line was: "You Have Unused Credit at The Clymb!" Can FW too if helpful. :)
My family purchased the Compton's Encyclopedia set in the 80's from a salesman. Bizarre to think about it now!
Make it or Break it. was really good
I'm on(: what's up
most internships don't pay. I already know a bunch of things people suggest to me. It's just that I can't utilize it due to restraint.
Happy birthday to Oscar Combs
Epicurean Lite is here to help you & your family - we've completed meals for our first renal diet client! Inquire at
Getting a ton of rain in Tampa Bay past few days. No drought conditions here!
RT if you wanna text!
Hi there :)
Hackers is on?? That's the #business. Gotta watch it
RT : Thanks!! You do the same. :) RT : Hope everyone has a great Friday!
I never knew the power of organization to the extent that I do now. I am one mean mamajama
So far my days not going so great, prayers for a better day please!!! Thanks in advance!!
#ThingsIHate Fake ass people
I just saw that today. I'll bet a dollar that Fod is going.
You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars. - Gary Allen
I wish was here with me.
It's time to grow up.
he's Chief Spokesperson & Director of Communications at Metro (WMATA). Tweet his ass !
LeBron/Wade pick n roll would put their defenders in no man's land to free either's drives, get Bosh shots & free shooters
That's really cool! Thanks for the message. Hope all is going great!
molina & berkman went yard but the cards fall again to the rays.....tough weekend for the birds...
Got Me Another Dr. Pepper =)
Listening to William Tyler's solo album for the fifth time in two days. It doesn't get old, it matures.
You know your feeling is real when you're really into somebody and they're NOT your type
Yeah, I wish you were dead.
. Today, start-ups are doing with $1 million that it would have taken $20 million to do a decade ago
The NBA lockout is stupid
I guess you'll never know now :)
Our Hero makes baskets in all denominations.
While you're in #Philly, come check out #AlesoftheRevolution at City Tavern!
thinkin about getting an iPhone lol but I love my Droid...and for sure dude! I need some extra cash haa
Do you or do you not love yourself?
all inspiration from the bar haha
“: GIVING HUGE FREE SOLO SHOUT OUTS TO WHOEVER FOLLOWS TELL ME WHEN YOU'VE FOLLOWED” Done
RT : How was being super hillarious in world history! omg lol
did a little digging and this seems to be a fairly common problem with recent versions of OSX. Darn, that's not cool.
Huh. Had no idea there was any other definition! I think I'll just keep reading it the old way, so much more fun.
got me at some podunk #breakfast joint smh
thanks!!! Been waiting since Christmas for them to come in!
girl those are CUTE!! Where did you get them done at?
We can dance standing up or lay a blanket down..
thankxs brother, I thank you for your retweet also :)
see. I knew you changed..
Lil' Wegi Working on these songs everything going good, working my but off for my fans Shout to all my fans and everybody I keep it 1000%
Kim kardashian is donating her wedding gifts to charity? What kind of charity can use thousand dollar flatware and fine china? Seriously...
What do YOU want to read about in our blog? Any diplomacy issues that interest you that we haven't covered?
Confused as to why 's instagram pic is a picture of me with down syndrome?
Lunch with my sister and staying the night with her(:
what r fuzzy socks?
Chicago: Today's the day. Join Wicker Park Crossroads tonight 7:30-9:30 for a shopping party - raffles, refreshments, designer racks.
Didn't win the lottery this weekend. Maybe there is hope to be picked for the contest?
your my everythingg.
Vik's getting married to me
cuz your black! All there is to it
find me another!
Been reading some Glen Campbell concert reviews. I'm bringing a tissue or two to the show on Friday just in case.
ohh that's classy.
Best of luck in your recovery Johnny. Glad to hear you;ll be ok. I pray the injury doesn't have lasting effects later in life.
I will finish the rest later
the man that owns it calls it house but I consider it an apartment lol.
is writing a paper about robert nozick
Don't let know!
how old were you when you got your first tattoo?????
#IMayBeGayBut I don't hit on every guy I see.
The #Oscars were pretty lame huh? The hunt picks up tomorrow.. is it your time to #win?
Did you know we smoke our own meats? Yep, we are perfecting the process so we can bring you some great new offerings.
well my genre could be considered a lot of different styles. haha, its kind of hard to tell but i think its mostly pop
STAMPED-N-FAMILY WILL BE AT THOWBACK TONIGHT 2 BRING IN THE NEWYEARS !!!!!!!!!! COME JOIN US ITS GOING 2 BE ONE U WONT FORGET !!!!!!!!!!!!
it's like where are the nurses when ya need em
To live is the rarest thing in the world. Most people exist, that is all. -Oscar Wilde
Ball game Over The Yankees Win
You know what would make this moment perfect? Yup. Crying baby.
lol thanks :p I took an Advil I'm probably over reacting allergies cause idk what they feel like.
Finally a breath of spring breeze in Rome
Very fun interesting night at work :-)
the right to love - blood on the dance floor >
Im glad he didn't give u a ticket.
hi james
Klout really does help you see your areas of influence and your true social media reach... but can't say I totally understand it.
At brfng on Creating a Culture of Excellence: The Role of School Leaders. Secondary schl principals talk about student achievement
Sketch is such a creep uhh
Two writing sprints down, one to go. Then once more on to wiki-skinning!
Day 9 of 10 straight in cubicle... Think i can make it, then 4 day weekend!
hello ap spanish exam day, we finally meet. I've been dreading you.
Thanks for the RT...
And a big thank you to everyone who made a success! We love each and every one of you!
I love this idea!!!
Congrats to the brothers of the Mighty Midwestern Region for an oustanding convention!
Never lose a customer again. We keep your customer coming back time after time to do business with you. Attract more retain more.
Lacking the motivation to save for your nest egg? Here are some tips on how to get focused to secure your retirement future.
once you see them with someone else. It finally hits you. whats done is done.
I confess. I love Pat Benatar's song We Belong Together. Thanks The Voice
so excited about the NY Philharmonic concert tonight - my favorite Prokofiev 2nd Piano Concerto!!!
o no, what's wrong?
why thank you Miss Fefe :)))
You're my bf. I'm entitled.
Hahahah that is so typical of him. Good thing you left - saved urself boredom, confusion, and his weirdness
Chicago Bulls had been 31% favorite to win NBA Finals, but Miami Heat now in lead at 30%+ with Bulls less than 15%...
i have read the case that will kill all of it but for some reason cant find it online but i know i read it in baldwins ohio arrests searches
Have you spoken to our player personel department ? email me and I can forward your info to them
productivity = cleaning out email, filing receipts/paychecks, budgeting, and planning my to-do list for this weekend. is this maturity?
Public figures can't be reckless socially. Can ruin entire career.
check out our new #UrbanPop Artist #Jaysin on his #grind and follow him at
-truthfully I have not counted, many are collectible, some are for everyday and others are guest ashtrays, i have quite a few
Larkin I believe will be back still a fan of his tho
you know it!;D
lmaoo! XD amber text me saying saying same thing... I am verry very sorry *cubans voice*
shouldn't get a blue check mark until he follows me.
Goodnight twitter world
old bestfriends, new strangers...
didn't see your comment last nite. yeah, surprising? all the reporting today said the Pats let him score. so weird.
Vegetarian - that's an old Indian word meaning "lousy hunter".
you should do a video to ;) <3
thinking about moving my office to the cafeteria a few hours a day because that is where the good cross-functional meetings happen
When we we play human twister at Hedo?
Why would anyone want to attend a #draft? I can barely stand being at my own fantasy drafts. #NFL losers
Not much better than 200 2nd graders in woodland creature costumes singing about the importance of character. My owl is rockin' it. :)
Hey, what's the problem? Twitter lost my Tweet...
Haha ..yeah..:/ dumb bitch..LoL..:D
So bored the hell out my mind ready to go...ugh...
Life is very short and there's no time for fussing and fighting my friend. - The Beatles, We Can Work It Out
That looks nice. I'll check it out, thanks!
Ushers actually telling people to turn their cell phones off? And people actually listening? Hell yeah!
Music Video to "Old Soul" record coming soon!!
Can see the
they put ham on my sandwich and im allergic to it :-(
Stop making my phone buzz , loser ! ;D
if Narv is out for the year, maybe Oswalt will put our rotation in ESPN's top 10 rotations...
Finally after two weeks I get to see my baby today!!! I feel like a little kid on Christmas <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
has anyone heard of the rachels challenge thing??
We appreciate the support
Every time Bolt is aired on TV, it's a night in with the Pug's favorite flick.
Lhh @ the guys that quit talking to girls for no reason..
Thank you for including Eat Play Live into your great post today!
Wings lost in first round of playoffs. Boo!
Happiness is not in another place, but in this place... not for another hour... but this hour. - Walt Whitman
im trying to finish hw, if i DO then i will, if i DO NOT then i wont- aristotle
Caller to show explains PP has been her only access to family planning care in her rural area. She's relied on PP for 20 years.
Why the fuck bitches love Tyler the creator? Nigguh look like a baboon!
I'm just ready for dc here in about 3 months
I wanna give a S/O to , thanks for the follow (:
The best conversations happen late at night.
Peeked at my brackets, scared by my placements. Six more weeks of winter.
did you get my email about guest blogging for prior to your lecture at next week?
yea but jvg. Said only 1 time he had better team he raised his level but he not HOF but next. group below that.
Pish posh with all this #LBL talk. How bout that Sidi commercial on the british feed! Huh? Anyone? Ok....
you are truely a man of wisdom. Hate it when the girl is texting... I want to flip my table everytime
we are jealous. She is probably still sleeping.
he is, but this other guy is the one who is giving me the loan for the house im bout to buy
RT if you cant wait for 's new album #believe , I know I cant.(:
Sure. I'd like that.
RT new Floating Action record! My fave nc band releasing new album. When y'all come up to dc again, hit dangerosa up!
“: Life is like photography, we use the negatives to develop...” how cool is that
Top Reference Universe searches in March: 1. Brazil forest, 2. Chinese religion, 3. One-child policy
"Inaction breeds doubt and fear. Action breeds confidence and courage. - Napoleon Hill Here's to taking action!
The Rise Against Concert is on the 23 :( I can't go. If it was later on in the year that'd be sick. Not right before prom /:
2012 im gonna learn to play my harmonica
Loving this gumdrop martini though..
please follow me! ur my inspiration. itd mean the world if u did <3
I do
Trust me (m 19 yrs), it's mutual respect & love u & Jake share that's key when u want 4ever.
Happy New Year's Eve to all of our fans & followers!
Dude - your blog... UTTERLY. FANTASTIC. Thanks for breaking down walls and sharing bro!
oh well......but I'm going tomorrow at walmart to get my CD
I think celebrating with a wine-and-magazine party would save you some paper towels and shame in the long run. ;)
that's my word u need to come to the Knicks son. Our backcourt suspect. Last time we had a respectable 2 Rudy was mayor kid
welcome to twitter, see you on the battlefield, xbox
aww what's wrong?
No problem friend!
Holy shit I'm going to kill someone If I don't eat soon!
It's always fun to incite a riot between my facebook friends.
You don't like me? .. It's ok I never obsessed over you for the past 3 weeks anyway
Its going 2 be a fabulous yr, well prepared professionals will make large fortunes.Don't let the last 2 yrs impact your belief in yourself.
that's straight
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
sounds like a pretty damn good idea right about now <3
I've never ate there before.
thanks! i think i have a few I took myself-maybe even a video of you from the AT&T Cup this year
#schoolmemories watching morning cartoons before heading out!
I am not sure it exists--but I would like to see a medical field bowtie
I mean you just pretty much upped our relationship. I thought Facebook was enough but this takes us to a whole notha level. Hah.
Just tried to install a receipt printer (for "better" print options) and it crashed the entire computer.
I wish my dog would stop licking my leg!
I can't believe I didn't set my line up in time. #Malkin is beating the #Lightning on his own.
Wondering if the JW Marriott at LA Live got any airtime in tonight's broadcast. Official hotel partner of the #Grammys: Hilton.
Clever legislator from GA introduces legislation that says men can only receive vasectomies when their health is in jeopardy.
how's Lamar, he needs to get it together, or he can kiss Basket Ball goodbye. #Lamarucandoit!
Got a Friday night off!! But we're headed to Stephenville to party at Bostocks Bar tomorrow night! Come on with it!! Cannot wait!
Congrats, Bob! Great news.
I know! We need a Western reunion soon!
Thank you to for sponsoring our Celebrity Poker Tournament...it means so much to us to have the support of #NFL Wives.
good question about the Taino ethnicity. I think you're right about it being a fuzzy issue concerning who defines ethnicity...
Good morning early birds
is about to come on the #tonightshow with #jayleno! Yes!!!! I heart Adam!
If Win Deal win rate is greater than cash win rate.....you have a problem
…"Sorry, our next issues will be delayed as we have to forge each page by hand…." hehe
New years eve plans? We have live music, dancing, no cover charge, champagne toast at midnight...come celebrate with us
LeBron shying away again when it matters the most
Am i the only person who is semi excited for the new jersey shore season?
I've missed you french macaroons!
My daddy picked us up in a stretched limo ;)
When takes your running shorts so she can have madison pride at roosevelt >>>>>>
hello everyone.... no i haven't disappered... all well... but busy...... looking forward to talking to everyone soon... drop me a tweet..
Ours too lol. My goal: go to nats and suck next year. Senior year, go to nats and AT LEAST break top 30;)
yes thanks for the Banner. We love it!!!
It's Friday to one of the longest weeks evar
......we also need a better class of visitor.....
Way to go mister!
You know your day sucked when the highlight is getting a slushy.
I do love my boots! Must be genetic ;) RT : Wacky Fact: Boots have been worn since around 3000 bc!
Happy Birthday!
dont stop loving him
Pardon the pun, but per usual, , I am left with much to chew on.
keep your thing with the radio station you have a lovley voice, check me out sometime on youtube Afficial Gorilla Posse
whats your Facebook address
Stop running ur mouth
but also one of Beck's most melodic albums. We Live Again is one of my favorite songs
“ Wake up ”| Ive been sleeping all day.
I know, hometown muskegonite is one of their good players. Unfortunately I don't own a UD Tshirt. Might have to get one.
Two words: Red Scorpion. Four words: Joseph Zito's Red Scorpion.
Hahaha RT I #missSKCsomuch that I started chanting "you can't do that" to my dog when she tried to eat my shoe
There are tones of voices that mean more than words.
aite i got u.
Yeah Thats What You Think :p
Reading criticism from the 1920s is like looking into an age where everyone knew so much but was so afraid to make bold conclusions.
Hi Shari, I think your account was hacked. Check your outgoing DMs!
The World Bank reaffirmed its support to put forward the cities agenda.
good interview/write up. Nice find.
The All Night Express are backstage. They mock the Young Bucks for not getting it done in the ring this week.
One of our greatest challenges is dressing our shape. Are you an hourglass, pear, triangle or apple?
Just finished a pre-pro session with the Director of Over-Awesome. Songs are sounding awesome!
WE need to make sure our constitutional rights are not usurped. TBR
HOLY CRAP. I made an A in this class by 1 point!!!!!!!!!! THANK YOU SWEET BABY JESUS!
follow me!! please i luv u! ;)
I keep having the same dream :o
Well, that was weird. Google was down (!!) so I had to use Yahoo to run a search.
Uh oh, James didn't get a call he wanted - time to complain for the next 15 minutes.
I mean I'm gonna need a lot of support for this one guys.
What's going to happen on Jersey Shore tonight?????
Reluctant Yuppie is back at it again this Sat w/ #TheAudacityOfDope. Dope/Real Music all NIGHT. place: Tap & Parlour DC
If you have something built up in your mind, it's time to release, and let go.
Sold two photos! Woot!
can we add some vodka to it?
i'm doing good you lol
You are a very fortunate young man. Don't let your success impede your humility. Life is not lived in the winner circle.
I probably made a mistake, but whatever is meant to be, will be.
Thank you for your support! Good luck to you as well. Our journeys have just begun!
Listening to & do their movie thing on Film Soceyology now on
: want 2 free tickets to my concert on the 21st including free transportation and accommodatiI, go follow , done
It's over she got Colder now can't locate where her heart is...
Soho Met:Toronto - I thank you for the upgrade.
bout to watch tv, just followed some more ppl, follow me back please ;),,, i wont b a stranger
Don't judge a woman until you've walked a mile in her uncomfortable, totally impractical, high heeled shoes.
Purchasing Engineer - Marine Systems
It sucks when you know that those promises they make are going to be broken
There is inspiration to take from every situation we find ourselves daily, some use it as an opportunity to grow, others choose to ignore it
Only if we can stop pretending that Pineda's injury is devastating to this season
How's the acting biz going? I may shoot a feature this summer, still awaiting $$$$.
*King of England
Last chance to win $250 credit. Tweet the scariest place you've been and include #SilentHouse to enter
Neumann expected to announce run for Senate seat today.
thanks, thanks for tuning in! you rock!
happy go for broke day
Awesome. A little librarian in the making.
Hm... brat weather is upon us!
Glad you enjoyed! Heather is great!
Get paid for working at Lollapalooza and Spring Awakening and I get to get in for free on the days I dont work?! #YesPlease!
I'm not afraid of anything, but makes me tremble
uhh... so is school over yet?
straight up
What happened to r&b groups like the 90s?
Poised Creation is committed to helping efficient non-profit organizations attack social welfare problems!
not constitutional, Dale. s/b politically suicidal..voters themselves approved for arts, clean water and natural resources.
Thanks for the mention. How did you get the image in your tweet?
Yeah I think they had to finish something on ABC before they could put the game on there so they started it on ESPN.
Hello there! :) It was really good. And beach was *amazing* except the water was way way too cold! Brrr! LOL How was ur trip?
Easiest way to simplify your life. Correct.
I think the question was supposed to address the 2012 survey, which polled 212 students
following =D
Off to Kohls with & p2d2 to pick out my valentines day gift. Bow-chica-bow-wow!
With another dollop of awesome on top.
Volunteers needed for career panels at South HS next Wed/Thurs at 7:45 and 9:10. Can you help?
That is a great request!LOL
We saw what happened tonite. Its what his problem has been for years. Its not changing because of Petco or Black
its a new day to change your old ways
get me some waffle fries and coke to drink!
V$VP MOB were JEREMY SCOTT ADIDAS THEM JUNTS HIGH AS FUCK I BEEN TRYEN TO COPP SOME OF THEM JUNTS FOUR AWHILE
Why not raise money for charity through the licensing of Olympic gear? Give the money to the folks who need it the most.
Hey everybody! Our iPhone app is live and ready to download... for FREE!!!
I hate the single life~
My damn school makin us PAY for ours! I'm like"You know how hard I worked for this shit?!" -___-
when your droppin your next project?
Survived another #SXSW, music bacchanal. Saw 88 shows in 4 days and still have a list of 30+ acts I wanted to see, but couldn't get to -:)
Hey guys, I'm just a fellow producer. I love your stuff and was hoping I could get a few tips from you?
But why are YOU listening? And acting like they matter?
I'm in Bloomington (southern IN).
Just think somewhere in Kenya, a welcome parade is being prepared for the FAKE President
Got my hopes up for nothing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
": Listening to music = cure for being sad or angry because it says things we can't ourselves"
awesome. we'll need to get together then for sure!
I dont know if he is doing this tonight but #Hunteriswanted at section 212 row/box H seats 27, 28, 29,& 30. Please come I love
These presentations are supposed to be 2 minutes long. Does anyone know that?
To understand life and finances, this person has ALL the answers --->>>
Strong speculation Manning is being offered minority ownership after he retires, Broncos can't compete w/ that
#Guayaki San Mateo brew pull me out of this allergy funk so I can kick my arss in the gym. Workout time!
hey where ya been!?
i will be okay.
Friends are there for you no matter what drinking buddies are there when theres a supply of liquor
I really wanna watch teenage mutant ninja turtles right now lol
What are the sunglasses you are wearing in Layover LA episode? So cool.
if i were rich i would fly to the west coast to see this eclipse, annular solar is the only eclipse i haven't seen, i will someday tho!
No, Reverb Nation, Good Evening does not want to submit for a chance to play at Warped Tour 2011, thank you.
4:20 baby! Blodwyn is celebrating of course!!! Hear me snoring in your dreams?!?!?! Wet!
RT : "Many marriages would be better if the husband and the wife clearly understood that they are on the same side." - Zig
No biggie! I'm off work today and was going to reach out to you since I hadn't heard from you anyway. :)
Wow thanks for taking care of me while I'm sick,ily to :'( I always take care of u while ur sick who will take care of me? When's my turn?
the spurs to win it get your predictions out now.. better investment on your opinion.
They say what doesn't kill us makes us stronger. If that's true, by the end of this week my name will be Hercules!
": Funny how some bitches hate bitches for being bitches.. - " I miss you
#WaysToMakeMeHappy be honest with me
Masters Home Improvement Uses Oracle Retail Platform to Support New Business Growth
Thanks for the follows!
12 Days o'Twitter: On 12th day of Twitter true love gave to me 12 friends on FACEBOOK 11 apps for iPhone camera 10 press passes for Obama...
#Indians have no guaranteed contracts past this year. Dolan looking to sell? where you at!
#AskIL13 How will candidates protect a women's right to have an abortion as prescribed by Roe v. Wade?
Buy One Get One FREE! Limited Time! Greendawg All Natural Shampoo! 1-800-286-4849 "The Best Dog Shampoo On Earth"
cont..Provide opportunities. to apply content to hands- on-real world projects/experiences.Strengthen neural pathways.
Yes it is tomorrow! Hope you can make it!
Paramahansa Yogananda~ The season of failure is the best time for sowing the seeds of success.
Family Day at Chrissy Field! Enjoy a beautiful day with a walk and some fresh air with or family & friends.
#IAlwaysWonderIf anyone actually reads my tweets.
at church .<U+2764>
thanks for the tweet. It was a nice change for to hit the road to go out and meet locals. //
DO WE CALL YOUR CELL OR SKYPE #? :) RT : If you wanna skype then call me! I'm on my phone and my camera doesn't work though:(
Well good.
I become disintrested fast
Feeling so blessed - loving these last days of summer with my family. God is so good, all the time.
This morning I won a leadership book called "Taking People With You" from goodreads.com giveaways!
Onshore suppliers should be held to the same social standards, financial management, and quality as LCC offshore suppliers.
So happy to have it and at such a great price. No suggestions for improvement right now :-)
It has taken me an hour to get to work and my gps says I still have 15 minutes ....OMG!!!
I wrote a parody to Just in Time about congress cause I don't like either sides behavior Go to my facebook wall for video. Thanks Congress!
You do such a good job reciting the poem! :) Thanks for sharing it with me sweetie!
I get so many headaches
Being gay is not a choice!!!! Why do people thing it is?? ugh
Are you coming to the meeting? What meeting? The meeting! Oh, no idk what ur talking about. Oh... sorry.
Eastbay says they're not :(
Smiling because I can. Blessed
Rubio's participation in a state Bar that targets the disabled & Autism ppl for BIG abuses will be a campaign albatross for Romney.
With all the wind lately the aftermath has left my #skin dryer than the desert in which I live! For relief I reach 4 's #creme28!
While Your In Her Bed Im In Your Head . Maybe You Should Thought Twice Stupid -.-
#Redskins news here first at
Thinking to myself, hey isn't this easy.
hahha seriously trypin all extra hard about to break keys
I'm impressed you can remember what you were doing a week ago!
Up now is Arne Kalleberg from UNC to talk about work & labor markets in NC, bringing in the sociological aspects of structural unemployment
I agree! More people need to wake up and vote! RT//" ... We need to get into the streets! We outnumber 'em"
What happened to us? I feel like I lost u over the years </3
Kenyon in the house. I DMd you, but maybe I did it wrong.
After a few slow weeks, its great to be back on set! Today, Private Practice, tomorrow, Graceland.
that was shitty.
Please tell me you watch Breaking Bad, it's literally Malcolm in the Middle meets crystal meth
You I NEED
Lin had me cheering on the Knicks subconsciously. I had to catch my self a couple times.
Cool ur nice very nice thx for staying on to me
Spotted on Jerusalem street: car with "clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose" bumper sticker. #FridayNightLights as Shabbat reference?
Thanks for the #FF love!
IWITOT is headed to Binghamton University on November 12th for our "Always SUNY" Tour. Mike Lembo headlining the party. $10 shirts!
I just want to say girl u look good to me ALL the time
Also, this may be the most important book I have read in a long time. I will tell you what it is when I am done.
haha I just haven't got on Skype (:
casual Fridays always put a smile on my face
Hahahahaha stop you know I love you and my run good must be all gone...right?
Day 2 #dml2012, checking out a session on Exploring Locality, using custom made social networks to connect local students.
Yes, and not only bitching, but ALWAYS bitching about eachother and how worthless the other one is. It's like, grow a pair.
It literally took us all day to make this cake.
nice write-up on Jimmer yesterday. unbiased and truthful. well done.
Knock KnockWho's there !Alexander !Alexander who ?Alexander friend are coming over !
You did.
Don't try and bring me down... You will get tired really fast. I am stronger than most. And nothing will stop me.
Shady is the jam! Would be the coolest single.
ima take a picture of it watch
my man crush hahah Im very high on this guy BIG fan, he would make one handed catches like CRAZY , he will b one1 wr 4miami soon
howdy folks
. right, wasn't at all directed at you or your tweet, but at common reaction to statement
I have some too!! ha ha
I have some news on a presentation SANDAG is doing on NACTO that I haven't had time to post yet. Hope to late tonight or early tomm
Most want to learn how to attract someone and forget about learning what is required for a lasting relationship.
No need to apologize! Thanks for the info hun :-)
Except it's cold here!
For me, singing sad songs often has a way of healing a situation. It gets the hurt out in the open into the light, out of the darkness.
thanks for reminding me that one should fix the primary problem instead of coming up with harebrained 'solutions.'
Hate to admit, that was a sick INT by the #Ravens. Not sure I got this pass...
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE YOUR "COOL STORY BRO" SHIRT<3
Yes! We want to hear about Erin and all your #volunteer heroes!
That's almost as bad as Beyonce doing Feria commercials wearing weave.
20 more minutes,
iPad #snagfilms documentary films streamed for free.
now 7 officially requested runoff elections in NC, still just 1 requested recount
Hi Jim please tell me your tweet about missing your mom is just you have not seen her for a while. Prayers either way. Talk to me
Right now, fear no one. Come October I'd be scared of everyone.
when will your songs be on iTunes in the US??
#JRBourne on #Fringe tonight!! Heavy sigh...
Happy mother's day :-) I love u mom
aw I know
great! if you have any questions about the city or the process let me know.
Anyone else have recurring dreams about putting in contacts?
Rumbi Island Grill: Brown rice bowl. Extra chicken, light on the teriyaki sauce and lots if Sriracha.
I do what I can for my fellow Canadians. =) Plus, you're rad!
NOTE: "Consent in International Arbitration" by Andrea M. Steingruber is scheduled to be published June 15, 2012.
we are excited! Lee is still mixing. Shouldn't be too long :)
Bathrooms without noisy ventilation fans make me feel unsafe
I love mankind; it's people I can't stand. Charles M. Schulz
Me , and Are SHUFFLIN everyday.
line editing stuff due Friday at midnight
make sure you follow there will be 10 cases waiting for you in Milwaukee at your show.
Q from tonight's class (the last of the semester): "Is anyone worried about anything related to the Internet, or is it all good?"
lol. found it. just after zach crean. :)
no not Ville. But the chances of making Tyler my boyfriend is higher. Hahahaha
enlighten me. don't make it gross.
AMIA's Digital Asset Symposium. Geared up for Warner Bros. tech ops VP to give the keynote.
Harden thinking bout that elbow..
Is that the Latin spelling?
all i can smell is beer.
#IfIWasJustinForADayIWould I would still be the same person help others out and write more music and have fun
World Pasta Day! "As long as there's pasta and Chinese food in the world, I'm okay."--Michael Chang Throw in garlic bread and I'm sold. :)
Well their pitchers are that bad.
I need to stop retweeting things. xD
then its gonna be 28 and snow after the wind they had and rain.
the hospItal
League of Their OWNED: The Detroit Lions Story
We like the sound of that ;) Lol RT Drinkin a cold glass of #M :)
“: lol just for that I'm punching your husband next time I see him!” at your wedding??”// yes! He's not a bleeder is he?
I know I just can't wait
Many thanks, Megan. So glad I got the opportunity to meet you. Wishing you all the best.
This would be an awesome coming home gift. Still in awe over that double save.
“For every dark night, there's a brighter day” Tupac Shakur
You know your social networking site is in bad shape when you're sending out emails pleading for users to look at things <1000 ppl viewed.
I should name my playoff team The Donkey!
where do you wanna go to college?
Richarino with the goal for , extending lead to 6-2 over
cool thanks. I didn't bother to view the source.
Devastating conversation with <U+E411> please don't be true!! #whatarewegoingtodonextyear?!
Yup. RT : The Avengers: Best after-credits scene ever.
WHAT ARE YOU EVEN TALKING ABOUT!?
such kind words. Let me know what kind of rings you and Kevin got so I can get a matching one.
true story</3
Santorum: We're going to have to win on vision." biggest issue of day: govt robbing us of our fundamental freedom
...the other just seems to take watever he wants. one is kind and respectful, the other is rude and disrespectful, both wen to my old...
On the real though, if doesn't drop anything soon, I'm flying to LA, finding out where he records, and HACKING that shit all up!
Newt Gringrich is using the old Hulk Hogan theme music for his entrance, just hilarious. Apparently, Newt is a "real American".
There's some projects & I are cooking up - you may be a perfect fit for Team
To live silently while others speak loudly doesn't mean your vote is casted in silence - Don Swann.
RT Today I start my diet
hey, it was a joint effort between me n joe, i did the first one then he came up with the awesome, very elaborate, second one haha
Just finished shooting a different tv show, with Jerry Springer! Super nice and funny guy too!
Ready to go home!!!!!! *DaKota MERCINARIES VP*
NYC ed struggles: closing schools-lots already closed, many more on their way.
On my Adele this AM
No late hit call for Timmy?
Hey.. How Was Your Day?(: even though you wont respond to this..
Introducing a teen to "classic" (ha!) Maroon 5. Kids these days have no appreciation for good music.
At Imagine: how creativity works with Jonah Lehrer. I will try to tweet some points.
We had the best record again in bball, won our division again, had the top seed again, that's all that matters, yo" -Carlos Boozer-
Falling to my knees cause I've been chasing a lie. I wanna break your heart too, lead you on enough to drop you. Heartaches and mistakes...
Superintendent words to change schools : attendance, engagement, transformation, parent involvement, commitment.
thanks for the encouragement! gonna keep working hard :)
7 followers away from 1,000 let's get more than 7 new followers....
jaw:floor ... oh the times I wish it was socially acceptable to punch someone
if you could do a commercial for any product, what would you choose?
I'm not an avid tweeter yet. Just saw this now. Thanks!
is not for real, is it? (someone please convince me that it is!)
Final cut done?
Let's go columbus its time to party
Welcome change emerging in your life with a trusting heart <U+2665> knowing that change is working on your behalf!
yea it actually does!
RT if ur favorite movie is The Lying Game
It's 's Bday too!! RT “: Don't forget to wish a Happy Birthday! It is tuesday #smbme”
new favorite game...the game of things
that's not what I believe bro. John 3:16
We could call them Oppression Codes.
Cain states he will be making an endorsement shortly.....
Thanks for writing a lovely article about us! Hope to keep in touch.
post instant location-based classifieds on our free app, perfect for mobile food trucks!We'll show you tomorrow @ 57degrees
RT Is officially a blue jay!! #creighton #gojays. WELCOME!!!!
heyy what's up??
We use organic grapes because plants treated with pesticides tend to produce less Resveratrol.
'No arsenal, or no weapon in the arsenals of the world, is as formidable as the will and moral courage of free men and women.' Ronald Reagan
cool beans ~
justin bieber definitley have no swag ...chris brown does
Hey thanks, Casey! Best way to start our Monday. RT --- My windows are amazing
SGT Slaughter Hosts Raw, and the O's are home tonight against the Oakland A's gotta love Monday nights!!, and thats an oredeerrrrrr!!
Photos,Ramblings, and Recipes: Day 6: You
Birthday Friday..Vegas wedding Saturday and Sunday..Anyone down for a road trip Saturday? :-)
Last was awesome! Eat. Shopping. Karaoke. :).
Shame on my for not realizing that was Harry Dean Stanton in the #Avengers. I blame it on the dim 3-D.
350/200 running good so far. Won a bunch of small pots and one big one. K4cc>t5cc when we both rivered flush. I had the nut.
Heading to see Horrible Bosses. Wonder if it will be as funny as Bridesmaids.
I get no camera time! Which is good cause you know me. Haha
Jesmyn, wonderful to meet you at the #LATFOB! I'm reading SALVAGE THE BONES as soon as I've met the deadline for my next novel!
At this point, I'm just eating chocolate to feeling SOMETHING lol
Um, yes -- please! RT Maybe we just have to open an actual store in Carmel :)
that looks EXACTLY like a zune player!
An unorthodox Follow Wednesday for , aka Brian M. Rosenthal, as he tackles the #Seattle #education beat for The Seattle Times
A person's right to vote exists regardless of whether or not they hold an ID in their hand
You should follow for Coupons and Free Samples!
I wish they had flying yoga in KC!
ooohhh lol well very nice i like ;)
IF YOU TWEET ME AUSTIN IS AMAZING I'LL RT YOU WE GOTTA TREND THIS
thx for the S/O!! Curious how you found out about ?
Curation: "Stripping out the crap"
Thanks Dan and Gregory!
sorry folks! my account was hacked!
Thanks for the follow Friday Kiri!
www.pittsburghprofessionalconnection.com is live! Send us your feedback!
I'm out @ 3 I though
#ASM membership is "old, white, and male".
You cant speak Italian just because you have a mustache.
lol!! when I need a good laugh you make it happen:)
off of the lion king
Who will score the game winning OT Goal?
I <3 DANCE
I'll text youu after school !
did you tweet that from your throne?
text me
#ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage Rick Ross's receipt at KFC
everytime I'm at my parents they run out of toilet paper.
Thank god for netflix and red box
I don't even know what that means--hospitals? Libraries? Your home? Where is human life unaffected?
True love doesn't have a happy ending, because true love doesn't have an ending.
YOU KNOW IT'S A 100 DEGREES OUTSIDE WHEN UR FINGERNAILS START BURNING
good look for the website link
#hbrchat - freedom to fail is the mindset of an artist, not an investor. Business-types are investment-minded.
I have the best life. Ever.
Rappers & Singers Get Discovered (NY, Metro)
Loving the rain! All is need is some popcorn and mug of Mexican hot chocolate and my will be complete.
Chavez Jr ends round Three, putting it on Rubio
Check out an interview with "I Spit on Your Grave" director Steven R.Monroe in this months Empire Magazine!
android = bad. ios = good.
don't bring up my Longhorns...any game but that
Let's make this day productive!
rebound chick remix is dope cant stop listen to it
CAN PEOPLE FROM MY PAST PLEASE JUST STAY THERE?!?!
It's bad luck not to come to on Friday the 13th and it is your lucky night - Smoot Mahooty is playing 6:30-9:30pm
Started reading CATCHING FIRE last night. I didn't get a chance to read much, thanks to a cranky toddler, but I liked what I read!
Stay tuned to the Facebook tomorrow morning for information on how you can win a pair of Super Fan passes for Pensacola Beach!
Congrats on the funding... looking forward to finding out whats in store here. Cheers!
WOW it was just announced there is a Hurricane warning for Pittsburg PA tonight
#IN primary election day is my Twitter-versary. Happy 2 Years to you and me
It's another name for binky.
I want to thank you guys for meeting with us last night and we look forward to working on the webpage w/ you guys
Hey guys it's Chelsi Archambeau, Chelsi Anne. Just letting you know I changed my name on here to ChelsiheartAnne!!! <U+2665>
Words with Friends is making me a lousy wife & mother....my husband won't let me install it on his phone for fear we'll never shower or eat.
Or to ask for some kind of copy of the object. At any rate, I have more memorabilia now than ever before. Sam.
Hair w black gel blowdry. Lve few days. Undo VERY carefully,rattail comb, take small curliron & spiral e/othr strand
God is Good ..
you see loni just binked another circuit ring in new Orleans. Motivating me so bad to go take down a tourny
LOL and I almost got ran over and this dude had the nerve to flip us off??
New Fre$h BlueMonster layout up, check it out!
Watch out for that mixtape "Soul Candy"
thanks well definitely take a look! Good luck
Born To Lose, But I Die To Win...
Niggas wanna get laid I gotta get paid$$$$$
Visiting campus? #ClassVisits end Nov 18th! Self-guided tours will be offered. AdmissionsReps are avail. to answer questions!
Laying down, twitter, drake = my life. (:
What airline are you on???
is Cincy employing the hack-a-Craft?
heya sweetness! LOL thanks, at least that's a change of track... cuz I can't stand anymore sweet green icing flowing down
Fuck you Best Buy & you Walmart can just fuck off. Thanks for ruining my #blackfriday fun
Of course ! RT spread the word... check out who rocked it on #thevoice last night xo
i have 59 new texts and it's really too stressful i just don't even want to read them :'-(
Attn everyone! Very important. RT So just informed me that today is Hug Your Cat Day. Good to know.
Have #Florida #Kentucky #NCState & #UNC in my
Happy mother's day, !
how salty will you be when Eli has more rings that his older bro???
Love is what you've been through with somebody.
Anyone ever walk down to the subway when its warm? Its like descending into the mouth of a 30,000 yr old dragon with BAD morning breath.
“: It only takes a split second to do something you'll regret for the rest of your life.” so damn true.
dare you :) #gobuckeyes RT : Seriously thinking about walking into the buckeye bar with my Michigan gear on
Nah. Imma dwnlwd that crud. Esp if the Hulk is not Ed Norton.
Bad Preds turnover rinne saves the day
I'm overwhelmed w/the combo of an open Sunday timeframe and the endless possibilities of a beautiful, sunny-glorious SoCal day.
Wherein does it cause harm? I'd rather have more class, lest tests.
Just need one more person to fill out my survey!!! Woo!! In Spanish.
I don't WANT. I NEED. I will stay UPALLNIGHT to convince my mum to buy it. I WISH I could just buy it already 10
just brought the little one and mumma back from hospital. Big day in front of the tv. Go Giants!
I believe I have finally shown why is the best part of the
Anyone still using a Palm Pilot deserves points for persistence ;)
I am not actually involved with anything tomorrow: just wanted to promote!
By the way if UNC is in the #FinalFour you will see me next weekend :)
We are what we repeatedly do; excellence, then, is not an act but a habit - Aristotle.
Thank Larissa J and Sarah L!!! You both rock. thanks for showing the sweet love!!
single publisher seeing 7 figures from private marketplace efforts - wow
So excited for my new outlook on work and life!
Looking for cheap date ideas for VDay? has just the thing: our Romantic Fireplace on Local on Demand!
#FF Thanks for the follow.
Merry Christmas Eve! Our special hours for today are 8am until 3pm. Come on in for a last minute treat or to refuel while shopping!
Thanks for posting that the day before we move. Like it wasn't bad enough to be missing good beer and brats.
Eight days and I'm back living on a ship temporarily! Cannot wait.
Blackmail him for a few rounds of drinks!
Thanks! We can't afford to give away a bedroom set every month right now...but it will be something good each month while we grow!
The #Orioles fell out of first-place today. It was a wild 15-game ride! Four months until football.
You keep reminiscing while i keep living it!
Right! Online certifications are pretty widely-accepted in Latin America and Asia.
Wow. RT : Texas announces it is staying in Big 12. Conference commish Dan Beebe, UT brass will address media Tuesday.
Very happy for - great franchise - just don't hurt any #Lions please
In the middle of nowhere O.O.
Looking For an Assistant please email me if your interested.
#TopFlawlessAlbums Blue Slide Park
Get a tourniquet! This is the mother of all paper cuts.
Today the baby of Artosis was born! I'm proud to be the uncle! :) nerdbabies tinynerds nerduncles nerdsupport nerdfamilies
just got home from work. drink wine and sleep....
Agreed, and I love Miami!
fantastic! Thank you!!
Guh, If I have to call back one more time... I'm just going to quit before I even start.
Get ready for spring rush 2012!
Forecast for Coachella today and tomorrow...rain with gusty winds. Bundle up Hipsters!!
Thanks! Hope you'll read and enjoy Telling Lies. It was fun to research and write about art.
I <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> my lil bro
don't worry! You got this:)
What about the CUP Jesus drank?
Good Morning Faggots
I feel like that's (Chacin)giving up on a game before it's out of reach, no?And I'd have let Pom go on, (easy from here) RT
Even though I saw it coming, it still hurts.
Oh and anyone know where I can find a JP Losman dolphin jersey?!?! I bet that will be flying off the shelves!
Roll Cyclones ;)
Robert <3 I love you !(: follow back ?
What happened with Alabama this year? Remind me please
In my nhl '12 only and are allowed to score EN goals. Torts may implement my strategy
don't you raise that eyebrow at me... I'll do something to make you raise the other one too.
so true when c.j and drose shot comes back! Unstoppable we be fully loaded
I'll check dates with RT : If you come to a #PEI tweetup I will be there!
great report on Materials for Mobiles Written by the brilliant global expert and contributor
who is next in line after bell
Finally after a few weeks I once again have control of
home now, back in bed with some soup, tea and the simpsons.
o! Tell me more, Tiger. ;)
No Park's Urbn Pizza reviewed in March SD Home/Garden; Also Ave 5 in Bnks Hill, plus tasty recipes via George's; Quarter Kitchen & Bali Ha!
WANT NEW WORKOUT GEAR? I was searching for zip-up jackets and workout tops. Best ones for many reasons I found were at Costco!! Great col…
You need to change your twitter avatar bro!
Our Author Russell Blaylock is featured in Suzanne Somer's book, Knockout, which is also featured in Sex in The City 2....
": Does the Arshan have a contact number?" His manager is on Twitter -
1,000 is the number of the month. Are you fired up for our social media contest yet? -Vince
That's a great bumper sticker !
Maybe I'd look forward to work if every day didn't start with a big ball of frustration. ...the ball of gas in my stomach isn't helping.
Can you start giving us updates on what is being worked on right now? I guarantee you will have thousands of followers in no time
In honor of yesterday's Int'l Women's Day, female authors finding ebook success:
hey! Just another incredibly busy day...how's your day going?
Thank u!!!Next ones on me!
Go for it! Music here--> www.facebook.com/thebandword
Happy 57th Birthday Kermit the Frog!
I finally got all my christmas gifts together for my family. Now I have to wrap them . . .
A Facebook friend request from a friend of a friend is a gentleman's way of saying 'I hope we can have sex sometime soon'.
4 words: Dunk Tank ADAPT Trainers...have your marked you calendars for June 30 yet?
Working on our new educational catalog which we will be taking to the 2011 National Media Market in Las Vegas!
you always do that!!!! Lol
Homework that involves a trip to the fabric store! Woohoo! :)
When is your book coming out??? Can't wait!
I really need a master key to the school
For some reason it is 20 degrees in vegas..sux!
thanks Lori! Good morning!
are you at the great lawn?
I was thinking about complimenting your legs but forget that!
On some Delta flights for $80 you get 4 inches more room from the seat in front of you. Great, then I can almost take my dick out.
I say "I don't know" to everything when I'm not in the mood to talk. xx.
I wonder how many times Dusty Baker has swallowed the toothpick? Or maybe its the same one?
I'll keep an eye out. We're
The problem is : we try finding rationality in love . Love is crazy , its senseless .. we spend too much time trying to figure it out.
It is time.
Our good friends, Los Fabulocos play this Sunday from 4-8pm at the VFW Post-1944, 16157 E. Gale Ave., Industry, CA 91745. Check them out.
I'm excited to be presenting "10 TIPS to IMPROVING CASH FLOW" to The ROTARY of The PALISADES (Edgewater, Leonia, and Palisades Park)
Mars/Sun trine in play now. Exact late Sunday/Monday. All systems go!
Lex Veldhuis looks totally hot on pokerstars big game
Just because you can't find the right one, don't settle for a wrong one.
Oh no—not at all acceptable. I'm so sorry :( Can you email me all the details? supportdc(at)uber(dot)com
Forget yesterday’s achievements; look forward to tomorrow’s Possibilities.
PW Co jail officer accused of being part of a plot to have a man assaulted in jail. Police say it's connected to a murder for hire plot.
So would I! I don't know how she is still there! :D
you're very very welcome! You did so good last night!
Wow, meeting at 8am this morning! No sleep, so we can't get slept on!
Oh yeah...
oh god thank you so much i couldnt figure out how to get this damned box closed youre a real life saver thanks for the help
one of the best episodes in a long time...
Our new spring/summer menu starts today. It is up on our website www.cakefetish.com. Some great new additions and your favorites.
RT : come talk to me on AIM/iChat - msilver1987
No coke is so good, pepsi sucks hairy monkey nipples.. xD lol
Getting tipsy tonight lol
: Thanks for having full eps on teamcoco.com! Now if only they would play more than ONE ad! Never thought I'd hate Disneyland.
Good Morning all!!!
We'll have played already. Stinks, but awesome effort. :)
Guess what turns 3 months old Tues? My journalism career! Slowly becoming a monster that repeats this all day: live/lead/live/lead/live/lead
Another sunny day <U+263A>
Trenton Thunder starter Graham Stonburner left the game in the third inning with an unknown injury. The kid can't catch a break.
me too! Thanks for checking out the film.
Point Root Beer is good stuff, been drinking it for a few years now
Hi, Im Simon Cowell and I created your entire life
Thanks we are new to all this so just getting on twitter now...Know we are late but...lol Thanks for the love.
Cramps. Blah. Fuckinqq Mother Nature Tht Whore Bag; She Gets So Jealous Of Me Cuz She's Single <U+2665>
#GoTribe Ok I missed the last 5 innings of game 1& likely miss all of game 2. 1st time I'll miss an entire game =( som...
they should rename Private Practice to Petulance on Parade.
can't wait until the fall when this entire staff is gone!!
Stupid !!!! I love you and respect you, but really... His voice was like butter!!! Bo....:(
lol noo you have to be in it too!! You could be one of the women who interviews me, or even a invalid in book 2! :)
#bizforum A4: Unstructured data is noise. Properly interpreted data is signal. The signal or noise is not the data's fault.
i was, but nikon finally decided to release new cameras
Robert will you PLEASE follow me?? (: <333
i see a lot of bands at Cervantes/The Other Side, but were seriously out of this fucking world tonight.
"On the Mountains of Truth, You can never climb in vein" Nietzsche . #perseverance #G=S
love you too my love :*
Swamped w/ digital processing and trip planning today. Leaving Thursday to photograph projects in TN, AR, TX, LA, AL.
Watching Creighton vs. North Carolina with Viggle Sun | 5PM | CBS Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Follow Back
Happy Factoid Friday! This one comes in the form of a question...
bet that's it then. Ur still a sub but now it's done like it needed to be all along.
The #blazers are the ones in white, right? We're doing great!
so.. After yesterday I'm just calling it a season.. I'm. Not flaking out.. Durin won't be tere most of it and I refuse to b
I'm sure you can tell by my tweets that I'm currently having a #ColeSesh #TeamCole #ColeWord Bitch.
Another day of shooting with impressed--TV and culinary skills- she's a natural!
So busy & love it.... Just need a lil vacation lol
Trying out the Google Wave beta. It's intriguing, however I am feeling a bit confused with it.
so much fun! My friends had a blast. Thx for the the bottle hook up. We felt like high rollers :)
I must admit, I'm liking the new personal search results from Google
but where u been hangin and hiding at man....
I think it's an amazing experience for each of us to get some new skin in the game + shake it up! U should def do it!
Couldn't tell, 2 much patchouli... RT : Met someone that uses Emacs that doesn't reek of BO and old cheesecake? Me neither.
“: Rip city, never been on twitter so fast after a game in my life...How fun was that!!!!!!!!!! #keepbelieving” lovin the energy!
I have a project for you. Please hit me up so I can give you my contact info. Gracias.
im gonna do my best!
Hope everyone at #Wondercon is having a great time today... all your tweets are making us jealous!
Happy Birthday to Ben!
anywhere :D
come over and have some beers!!!!!!
Starbucks in the MSC not taking my sbux gift card <
Might go to sleep . Still thinkin workin on my next project
Ahh , On My Lunch Break ! .
“: Smart hit...hope he doesn't get fined for that either”. Not sure I agree . Zoomed in on that knee 2 me. Jus sayin
#PDX It was awesome watching history in the making as you gave proclamation to Pacific NW Black Pioneer Exhibit in City Hall
this is way way funnier than it should be when you think about it
He said it's a good thing because it's something we have in common....but really?? That's kind of sad. :)
There is nothing noble in being superior to others... What's noble is being superior to your former self.
Trying to send a pic but its not working too well. I'm sure it'll be big news.
love you two!!!
farewell #stevejobs. great minds leave their mark.
If you see me don't say hi lol jk but yeah I look like shit,
- Awesome idea! TY!
Baltimore's weather has seriously sucked. I've seen about 15 minutes of sunshine since I got back to the US.
#WorstFeeling Having a full cart of groceries and forgetting your wallet!
hahaaha the cats ass?
My sweet wife who is a libra. She is the greatest thing that happened to me in my life. The recent callback I attribute to
"Norwegians are amazed at how Muslims assimilate social democratic values. There is something similar between zakat and the welfare state."
Loving new york fashion week!!
accent reduction coming soon! After I take Compton PESL in June! And yes, I plan to use Skype!
I hope everyone had a restful holiday weekend and that you got everything that you wanted from Santa!
boo daylight savings!
Still get a lump in my throat when I watch that. To the heroes!
I use twitter 4 advertising our clients products and it works. Just cause it's free doesn't make it bad.
:( when you comin back
I haven't had a good start to the year so far but hope to remedy that soon. I just got out of Damsels in Distress. Was good
At a loss for words...I'll do my best translating tomorrow
Hi Sara, I was looking for Kristin Nelson on Twitter w/no success. Started reading her blog, reading 2010 now. Really like it.
Is that the album title?
I think it's hilarious when guys take shirtless pictures of themselves. It just makes them look arrogant and stupid. haha.
The good times seem so fleeting.
Yeahh no problem! I wanna go soo bad
Join Patti Ramsey at Central Market again - Summer Salads & Beyond - Aug 5, $45. And you'll get 25% off of your EL order!!
I feel bad for the guy giving me a pedicure #Sorryimnotsorry thanks :))))))
I LOVE the mystery bag! The best part was that I could hear and feel the Skittles in there before I opened it . . .
fascinating! We have nothing like that here... Hm... This may be the source of the confusion....
Last November... I'm gonna try go back this summer...
Happy Birthday!! :D
That moment when you see a car you recognize but you're not sure it's the person you know driving it...So sorry
Guys are like purses cute full of crap & easy to replace<3
Watching the last #Wits practice. This is gonna kick butt! Do I see an unannounced guest?
It's too late, I think I may be addicted.
- you are landing and I take off in the morning to Detroit.
re-watched #ID4 this past week. Great performance by Greg Collins!
I want Starbucks too D;
140 characters (twitter) The gamespeed is a tweak, not an entire fake perception rating scale. ala, Nicks. Scouts mention all time
Happy Early #MothersDay to all the Mothers!
- You're right. I broke my money maker.
Do you believe in freedom of speech?
"To be a star, shine your own light, follow your own path, and don't worry about the darkness; that is when the stars shine brightest"
Very nice! Hope your show was awesome! Sorry to miss class tmrw :(
come play hike in the canyon soon with the monkies
you should be careful how u word shit "I fuck wit diddy" it sound alil gay to me lmao. No hard feelings
Most of them we're being photobombed by the people in front of us. I had one amusing shot though!
A mobile site is on the list of things we're developing!
Riordan and Aoife have curious new vocabularies for a 4 & 2 year old (respectively): "oh damn" "fuck it"
how funny!! I think so too :) I would love to see you soon!!
don't watch a lot of tv but have to say I'm really enjoying the scary , suspenseful movies that play in October. sixth sense is on now.
Hey _16 thanks for the follow! We're playing on 1/04 in Atlanta, GA. Come shimmy down!
Now Mitt has ventured to "Rick Perry Land" on natl sec. How many nuclear aircraft carriers does he think our Navy had in WWI?
abs are made in the kitchen not the gym, just takes a solid diet!
Me: But it's my birthday! Jeff: It's not, really, anymore
goodd lets hope <U+E056>
Wish I was at the #KentuckyDerby right now wearing a big hat & sipping a mint julep! (minus the horse poop) ha
I love meeting a client and they tell me how NGP makes fundraising fun! Thanks !
Who cares if Wall Street gambles away your money? When they need a bailout to prevent a Depression, we'll make the Democrats do it!
Hello Frank nice to hear back from you. I am on a train headed to New York City. Hope everything is fine with you..
Its official, I am done w/ snow, ice, snow flurries, freezing rain & sleet. Get above 32 degrees already and get off the #NY roads!
why are u coming to theory ?
Leon has been voiced over by many people. Paul Haddad (#RE2), Paul Mercier (#RE4, #RED, #TDC) and Christian Lanz (#ORC). ^NE
Ayo... I didn't know you had that 3-point range
The bigger the ride the more fun :D
The bands getting together tomorrow night to start working on our new live set featuring all the tracks from "the revolver sessions"
Hey. Need to holla at you...
Did Anybody Answer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Thanks for the RT!
Had a rough week? Cool off with our watermelon margarita gelato- Salt included! Yum!
I came home early for some reason, turned on HGTV and found that Ms. Donna Dazzo "dazzled" a tony listing in NYC...and got it sold! Awesome!
I'm still down for the Chives-Fish wedding and I hope it works out. But at some point Fish moved on.
Perpetual optimism is a force multiplier. --Colin Powell via Michael Levine
I am so ready for "it is what it is" to become unpopular.
Really Vols? Austin Peay and MTSU in the same year?? Come on man....-BH
Happy ANZAC Day . . . putting up the Aussie flag this morning.
What type of alumni event would you like to see more of?
I hope I don't offend rappers, when I decide not to put my drink in the air.
Switch to Claritin it works just as well since sucks for not joining the
Arianna eats like a pig.
i love you MB #chile here today in a new chapter of disney chanel wave with mindless Behavior
Was it the note some jerk left on your car at church?
makes me wonder what they put in the water cooler.
The current "needs" totals have been known. But I have changed the paradigm by wanting to fund ongoing not just existing costs. Never be ...
To OOMF - you look like a #Catfish so #STFU. The end.
A nation reveals itself not only by the men it produces but also by the men it honors, the men it remembers. – John F. Kennedy
People think I’m a mind reader (in a way I am); but I’m more of an emotion reader. One’s emotional energy is the signal to his/her thoughts.
Excited to welcome to Twitter! Her visit helped launch our Twitter presence way back in 2009!
Let's go Steelers!!!!
Happy Easter everybody! Hope everybody has a great day and has safe travels! SMILE BIG. EAT BIG. DRINK BIG!
hits the road next weekend. 1st gig is ONE WEEK FROM 2NITE w/ DJ Buck Wilders @ The Poplar Lounge
Man Fuck Kayne West, that stupid ass Black motherfucker
shouldn't that more like #JamieMoyerIsSoOld he remembers when KBL didn't miss important things...
Me too! Well, just for one day.
NEVER STOPS
U and me both": I hate my JOBB!!!!"
Jordan would have made that one...
Come on by today to take advantage of our special! Any 2 top shelf grams for $30 donation :)
For a very short period of time, you were the youngest person in the world. MIND = BLOWN
So far, my favorite ad is the Chevy apocalypse ad.
If you could feel how sorry I am, you would understand.
:D ha nice perspective of view in the pick!
RT : And now my talk will drift into areas of no interest to anyone, but which I find oddly pleasant to inflict on you.
next summer
Taking questions now. Anything you'd like answered?
Well OK
President Obama has really great comic timing.
maybe it's time to quit
I will give out more of last night's #57 links later after I come back from dreamland! Later my peeps!!
#Wisconsin, send the Tea Party a message and vote Democrat today.
Listening to strip by chris brown I like this song and boyfriend by justin bieber ITS AMAZING. :)
Listening to an over-explained feature about electronic music festivals on the radio.
just laying down & talking 2 u & some other people on here :)
thank you gorgeous!:)
Best birthday gift? A Rangers win. Happy effin birthday to me.
Iowa City!!! PedMall and good times at the Summit!
That hamburger will cost you $399, and can be found at Mallie's Sports Grill & Bar in Southgate, Michigan. They appropriately ask for a...
why must you live in like east guam?! Move into my house! Lol <U+2665>
A beggar approached me here n India. I gave her change n my pocket. She looked at it & said, "Sir. The going rate is 100 rupees."
nuthing but a boo boo to a boo boo! yes! lol
It's a good thing that Junior Seau's family will allow his brain to be studied. Will be interesting to see if he had CTE.
Did you know that you could win 175 to 1 when you play Bonus Craps!
that would be hard for me to watch since I like both teams lol
We are still fingers crossed for a VERY special guest from for the Art of Beer. Stay tuned. Who could it be?
RT : In addition to Art Director / Designers, is looking for EPRO / FAST DESIGNERS. Send links!
#PatBenatar & #REOSpeedwagon will be at Wolf Trap Park on June 29th! Should be a great show!
Seattle misses your LOVE!
Fun afternoon cleaning out my twitter. If you can't follow me back you are dunzo. Dunzo, I say! Unless you produce stellar tweets.
Yeah but people keep coming so I'm sure it will pick up
Yeah but theres a middle ground between winning and losing 102 games that wouldnt be profitable
The lovely
I'm totally spamming the shit outta all of your timelines.
that's when they were winning but now need him to save there season lol
because everything you report is wrong?
If y'all aren't following yet, do so NOW! The best in travel, music, and culture.
This birth scene is fucked.
From my Bible study this am - "When God shakes things in our lives it is to reveal the things that are unshakeable."
Ribs are the greatest food on earth.
me too
Have you taken the Downtown Miami Interactive Walking Tour with complimentary food tastings ? www.miamiculturaltours.com
Bout to get a good healthy 6inch subway
all depends on the size of the images. With that many is suggest using your own thumbnails instead of the auto generated ones
This is the best christmas gift ever!!!
We had a small gathering and some new folks and interesting converation, plus the great sample treats!
Hilarious. Makes me think of the dude at my gym who works out in motorcycle boots, jeans, a bandana and a leather vest.
Wish there was 3 of me!!! Might be to Dangerious let me rethink that Lmao!
She can get me high when I'm low.
#WaysToImpressMe get braces ladies
community is, collaboration does. Great soundbite!
wow, that's great, thx for letting me know about the grooveshark play!
Going to a base ball game with one of the gossipers! :( really tired of the drama! I just wanna hang out with my true friends :)
Just ate a McDs fry for the first time in about four months. My mouth felt like an oil slick. Had to wash it down with an apple slice.
Tennessee round two is only 48 hours away!
Going to sleep. GoodNight and GodBless
shockingly? Look around this city. Not a lot of diversity.
Those poor kids. Not only do they have to deal with the loss of both parents, but they had to see their mothers body, &deal with their (ctd)
Playing the Sunday Brunch in The vineyard at The Ritz Carlton in Orlando Florida. 12-3 pm
“: Anyways. Lemon ricotta pancakes comin right up! ^_^” where? And why didn't you text me an invite?
My only recent impulse buy were flip-flops... Munchen in Sept./Oct.!?!
At least 33 injured in Obama to 300 unarmed truce monitors tour battered city commission rejects Suu Kyi?
awesome! where can I take a listen?
sleepy....z
No matter how much weight I lose my butt neva shrink
A panda in a sombrero?! That's awesome. (and thanks for sharing about Hussain)
I agree!! Pisces all the way.
I feel you bro so you not going back to brooklyn ?
hey Caden.. Long time no talk
Lemon bars!
Small Boy Scouts take over San Diego 6 News...
Oh hey: still have a ticket left for Florence and the Machine's show at the Rave tomorrow night. The show's Sold Out, BTW. :)
Helluva an episode
People who say yolo need to shut up.
They fought a good fight. Go home with your heads up high ladies.
I love the globe.... bout time it came back :)
I will let you know when there is a new website for everything..won't be too long..that I know..:)
“: Obama sounds like he'd make a great president in 2013.” co-sign...great president now + 2012 & beyond.
Ima try to make this a good summer......I think I owe it to myself.....
oh good!
I don't think I'll ever solve the David Keith / Keith David thing, though.
Can't wait to see what kind of porky goodness comes out of it!
Havent seen either but I am going to put my money on Human Centipede 2. Not many films intimidate me but A Serbian Film? yup
Come on down to magoons tonight fer a hoe down! Show starts at 9:30 no cover
Do you have beef or dairy PR or marketing experience? If so, send your resume to me at - we have openings!
I'm sure you will.
oh now you guys break out the good stuff?! :)
If you really wanna get pulled over, don't speed or drive drunk; just have a headlight out.
positively dreadful!
Fell asleep at my desk last night..
Happy to call both a friend and a #mentor! Who is your mentor(s)?
dm if u need g list
RT : using the as their case study. Timely and relevant...nice!
okay don't forget.
You always make me laugh. Omg, i love you. :D
hey dock you have a second to chat on the phone? or tammy? or Eric? or Rachel? before I go to California Unemployment Labor Board in Van Nu…
depends on the venue. Maybe a NASCAR race
Thanks for the comment and retweet. Wish I could take credit for it, but 100 percent Daniel. Writer, actor, director....triple...
My boys took 1 2 the chin,lost by 2.im still proud of them....lotta season left.we'll be fine
Most expensive piece of ass title may go to Petrino mistress. $18,020,000 includes Petrino's lost wages and $20K walking money he gave her.
In Sept the playoff-bound #Tigers & #Rangers had the 2 highest team BA & lowest two ERAs in the AL.
Hey , what's up with Chronicling America? Making it tough to research for GoDC blog :-(
At the urban entrepreneurs' conf in Philly
I'm a hardcore Tex-Mex O.G., so LA has never had much to offer me in that dept.
No I have one like this remember 8IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIID #MONSTER lol
Writing time
CNN reports Whitney Houston dead at 48!!! Omg!!!
Got into a fight lol
Dr. Tomorrow can't wait 2 see when they think baby asa will make his appearance...
Imma go knock out da party
what a great game
I am grown lmao fuck u mean lol but naw man that club was cold af ..couldn't even dance like that lol but imma call u lata
Feliz Cinco De Mayo! 17 in DSLR class this morning. Full house! Looking forward to sharing my passion!
Hey! Thanks for listening! :)
that friend that all of you hate causes he's an asshole, but he's our asshole
i will take lovely.
Do you ever think before you do something
we love it! Thank you!
Ball so hard mf's want to find me
Ok ok ok. It's gorgeous outside. Getting these kids dressed, going to play.
Im wearing my red jacket (cover/case)
OMW to work & why do i feel cross faded.? -.-
Thanks to you, we are. Looking forward to our upcoming launch party for you at Spirit of 77.
Last Thursday night with my girls..<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Hey Gang - Happy you are on the road again..my big adventure today was doing my taxes.
without #Rush would anyone know about this #SandraFluke chick? She wants no apology and he didn't want to issue one lol
Yay today is Valentine's Day!!! Give your sweetie a kiss or slap them in the face for not remembering!
One thing I ask one thing I seek...
he's nice Follow him
#Skylar did a very nice job. Loved seeing her do something other than country.
#WhatIf You made an effort to stay with me and tell me you want me
Haha I'm on a double decker bus and were heading to the grove :)
I dont want nobody else, I want u <3
My daughter is going to drive me to be broke
Plus, you know, the actual sessions and exhibits. So much good stuff coming up!
One of the best parts of being home, having access to every sports channel. #Kings are looking to keep the magical run going!
loved the killer breakfast photo. my profile is pretty accurate.
Attending Friends of Scouting Lunch at Florence Civic Center. Guest speaker this year is Mr. Robert J. Mazzuca, Chief Scout Exec of BSA.
A central booth?
U MUST WATCH!!! So we can talk bout it 2mrrw!!!!
“: Who's your daddy?” necro?
hey what's up how was your weekend cuz
Zimmerman bond set at 150,000
how pretty!!
Haha! I know, right? MT : Yet the Dems won't be voting on any budget of their own. Harry Reid is so awesome!
I just finished a 2.07 mi run with a time of 22:00 with Nike+ GPS. ended too soon.
this, that, and the other.
COMLEX smash complete... Now to breath and regroup abit before heading to USMLE in a few weeks. As always I expected more.
Hey Jen, we have heard people in chatrooms online telling others to BAN Lifetime from their TV if they make Casey Anthony Movie
Wat it do tweet world how u living wats POPPIn tonight
Heading to Pittsburgh in a few hours.
My new icon on Twitter account with What do you think about my new icon? Amazing right? Ashley looks pretty!
Screw Freshman year, I did nothing to get tormented that badly.. oh well, I already torment the fuck out of the 7th graders. ¯\_(<U+30C4>)_/¯
omg! i want one!!!!!! u wanna be a good boy and share? lol
Happy Fourth of July Everyone ! God bless the troops & those who never made it home & those who are still fighting to protect us!
Sounds delicious! :)
Erie Island Downtown on E. 4th!
oh man i have to get you a good nickname now!
Oh my god my eyes burn!!! Dry eyes when your tired -_____- bo
Know your characters. Write everyday. Be careful of what you're reading while you're writing. Write to entertain and/or horrify.
Brilliant. Could be sold along with wax-scented candles and water-flavored sports water.
Good strategy. Still works on my eleven-year-old.
Listening to the most amazing band that ever walked this planet <3 (;
Sold! now we just have to decide if we'll partake on the east coast or the west...
Is it just me or does a Technology Petting Zoo sound dirty?
Holy cow... 65 Facebook likes in a day. Thank you guys!
T-minus two until Turkey Day. What are you thankful for this year?
The two worst places in the world : The Doctors Office & The Post Office. Luckily, today I get to go to BOTH!
This is weather is so ridiculously amazing! Too bad it won't be like this for the rest of the week :(
Feeling good!
Great ideas coming out of prepare & share: program planning for 2013 session.
Our aspirations are our possibilities. - Robert Browning
Benihana tonight YES
Hello Jack, its in your best interest to contact me Regarding Square..Thank you very much
Cherry Pepsi tastes a lot like regular Pepsi, except in every way.
1 reason why Facebook is annoying. People feel the need to brag about their kids sports stats. Keep it in your family.
I like the French/English thing you got going!! A few more years of this and I might be able to understand French!
I wonder if there's a 'circle of fifths' analogy in the color wheel?
congrats on the big decision. You continue to be a great example of what great leadership looks like.
Remember when sitting boy-girl-boy -girl was a punishment
Sad, huh? RT : Thanks for introducing me to jamie olivers food revolution ! WOW. Shocking.
Today I've played #BOYFRIENDvideo a least 1 million fricking times, that song ...its just all swaggie <33
District level elections are complete in all 13 districts for the Charlotte convention. Congrats #gadems!
RT : Hi, anyway you could donate some #TallyCardz so we could raise money to FIGHT BACK cancer?--> We would live to!
Looking to brighten things up for #summer? Try our 24/7 #highlights!
just shut the hell up, I'm so sick of explaining this stupid bullshit. You don't know my story that's all I'm telling you
I always wait too long before they are taken..
Legally Blonde<3
Are you ready for some Futbol??!!!
Come to me and wear those white pants. ;)
And it stresses me out when people cry cuz I don't know how to react to it...
Wait, these piranhas can destroy a boat but a natural dam is enough to keep them at bay?
The Once and Future King of Queens
follow where I'll be participating in #Motorama LIVE talking about the Scion FR-S and Texas Auto Roundup!
Ever read a text grin like an idiot, look up and realize people are staring at you?
Managed to get a very useful sales rep at #Sears amid all of the seeming bored, frustrating and gossiping reps that have no desire to assist
Not letting gays marry is the ONE thing Mitt hasn't flip flopped on!
thanks for the RT! and
aw how sweet and my fb went tots nuts so yeah you can send m a request ill accept when i can
yes! Haha my dad always tells me he saw her.. But he's legit not lying :$
Sure, no problem
#survivor yeah never mind. I say the jury votes for themselves and split the $
i just did the outward scream vocals to the whole entire woe is me number[s] album <3
Make up on, bed is done, lights all on...that's not a "good night" pic, stop that ASAP
Thanks for the #ff. Eager to check out your store. Sounds teriffic.
The scuttlebutt coming from the Rose Garden is that Louisville and Indiana fans are unbearably obnoxious.
<U+2665> Having a great day with my Baby!! We have been touring museums and having so much fun!!<U+2665>
Is Raining hardcore in phoenix,az
-eggs and bacon, potatoes and toast. Oh yeah, pancakes too. This is what you get at 1am drunk down town LA.
fun! and I are headed there!
you never answered my question of when our wedding was....
If drafting best player available; David (OLB), Konz (C), Randle (WR), Adams (OT), Denard (CB), Massie (T), and Miller (RB) not yet taken.
Ok, have u ever went 2 Lenox lately
Admitted to the UW iSchool for fall 2012. Now I'll have two graduate degrees without ever having taken the GRE!
Biggest problem is energy storage need to impact baseline
": It's funny how whenever someone needs me, I'm always there for them. But when I need someone, No one is there for me."
sure was, will we see you next week for #CoolHandLuke?
I spent an absurd amount of time this morning deciding WHICH Blackhawks shirt I was going to wear today...
that's great, good luck! fingers crossed.
“Don't cry because it's over, smile because it happened.”
Anything special happening in Lyons this weekend? Tell us about it.
<U+2714>Taken by the best!<U+2661>, tony's name in my phone. :)
50 Cent Joins Nicole Scherzinger On 'American Idol'
What is everyone doing to stay cool in this massive heat wave?!?!
I was SO mad at my mom, then she gave me her IPod touch
FUCK!! RT“: #HEATPlayoffs: has a lower abdominal strain. He will not return.”
Once more, guilty pleasures at the Arena Theater.
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat.
Choir rehearsal soon. Pay day tomorrow .
You're welcome--and thank you for renewing your membership! We are happy to have you back.
"The greatest stock market you can invest in is yourself. Finding this truth is better than finding a gold mine." ~Byron Katie
Play some funky music white boy
Almost at 3,000 fans on facebook! Thank you for all the continued support.
Head to Linnemans tonight to catch some of the best music in town, Shoot Down the Moon, Delta Routine & Tiger Mouth! Music starts at 9!
hahaa. well it was nice! ;) i {} you back! :p well i gotta try and get some sleep. another big day 2morro. nitey(:
what u talkn bout my bad ive been tweetn like crazy
“: Maybe I'm overstepping my boundaries!” a woman NEVER oversteps her boundaries
Who else is using Ping.fm?
Your ability to execute a plan is more important to its success than how good the plan is.
Too many models in far too light clothes walking hollow-eyed around town.
Be grateful for what you do have and stop complaining about what you don't have.
You are too kind!
Thx for RT's and mentions! Cheers to healthy vision!
I love how people are now looking up to your girl =)
Bacon Chocolate.
still high? Lol
Best part about going to/being in weddings is you can go completely ridiculously overboard w/ hair & makeup...just don't out-do the bride
Oh eww ;p
watching meet the browns!
yo, listen. I dunno what's going on here but I'm ready to fight someone.
Have a great time!! Thanks for using ShowClix and have a Happy New Year!
Soo the avengers was prettyy awe.... Wait for it.. Wait for it... SOME.
yes it is haha
Paper cut...
income is income no matter where it comes from and you pay taxes on a portion of it, no matter what it is
Reno ranks # 50 on a list of green cities (Cars.com), based on the percentage of searches on their Website for hybrid vehicles.
go to Rudy's on Division. Same place as the one on Sunset in LA.
#MoreClutchThanLeBron My grandmother's handbag.
yea like a lot of the people on the team are douche bags along with some coaches and you go to every practice and do shut but no play
Bahaha! I'm pretty sure I do too. Ha!
anything for you :-)
Happy Tuesday everyone.
"Oyster" at the Paramount! Part circus, part Cabaret, part Brecht, part Doors. Amazingly creative. Boston needs more funky dance like this.
If you want a real polish, head to Maxwell St. in Chicago. Oh, and the Chicago Dog wants nothing to do with Cleveland.
The NY media managers are going to add extra staff just for all the Tebow coverage.
Seriously.. Why is tumblr so addicting? I can't stand it..
lol thanks! :P haha baby girl?! U just made me LOL!
is my new favorite person to follow
o lala sam looks hot =)
Thanks to everyone who came out to opening party yesterday!
Jeron Teams with Brekeke Software to Deliver SIP Wireless Phone Integration to Provider® 790 Nurse Call
RT : On Twitter we have chats for most grades (K-6 MS) and subject areas. My Educational Chats page:...
i honestly don't care if nobody is going to see my underwear, a sexy pair of underwear boosts my confidence.
A #Leo will just want you, but wont need you because they can do it on their own.
I saw him do this and thought of you! My phone was in the other room. Glad you got it.
Can't believe with all the mortgage talk, that someone can't get a loan with a couple late payments...Just doesn't make sense!
Ahaha! He's such a cheeky monkey.
That's what I told him! Maybe I'll send him this conversation, see if he believes me then.
Mid-day meatloaf
Getting somewhere with the new songs now that I have been taking it easier. May finish by june after all.
Douche bag
Ah, the constant sound of helicopters flying over...
We also have a new GSA logo! It will appear online and on our printed materials.
instant wish fulfillment...only in #LA #silverlake #nela Fly PR delivers! hah! right ?
It's been a fun week to travel in Michigan. Everyone has Tigers fever.
oh my site is just slow to load and now down and they just say working on it but this has been a couple of days
Thanks for the RT! hope your Tuesday is going well Ron!
I dance through the trees with the baby on my back. She sings to the beat of my drum. It is our prayer.
It is error alone which needs the support of government. Truth can stand by itself.
I need food ASAP !!!!
super excited for outside-mid competition between hao, pino, a-rod
u need to change Ur bio of ur with dean
it's called Rudy's, it's around 47th and Powell and fucking AMAZING, you should try it!
FACEBOOK IS DOWN! does online life just end here?
#Maddow podcast is up, download away!
Making chocolate/caramel candy apples for Halloween.
is gunna get some grub!
can't wait to see u judging on the #xfactor! #simoncowell sure upgraded from
2 Chronicles 15:7 "But as for you, be strong and do not give up, for your work will be rewarded." Goodnight
Follow .. She's new to this and has no followers
So when are you going to join me? If I remember correctly, you said you'd do a half..ah hem
Welcome to the Zoo
$5 = Gratitude, blessings and satisfaction . . . and an email!
That annoying moment when your in a bad mood and your parents won't stop annoying you.
you're welcome!
please don't jinx us!!! RT“: Anyone know when the last sweep against Philly on the road was?”
Have fun today! RT State Finals! Come and see us!
Friends are like melons; shall I tell you why? To find one good you must one hundred try. Claude Mermet.
your little dude looks pretty awesome.
O gotcha lol sry im kinda new to twitter lol HE>i
Picked up two hitchhikers in Sharon
Yep, we got in 10pm show! Thanks for your help with the Metro! You'd have fun in LA!
Again: TWITTERPLAY Assignment: write a 1-tweet play that features a SENTIENT COMPUTER.
Pure Michigan, the tourism folks, have new partnership with #Tigers. What about Wis. tourism and the #Brewers, #Bucks and #Packers?
Have a great trip.
Blocked! Blocked! Blocked!
is there ever a good kind?
JJ Allmendinger moves over trying to block Hamlin starts the whole mess
There are many things going on that cannot be discussed in public but we are working toward a solution. As soon as I can announce, I will
dad wants to know of its a sleepover
It's sad how I've been up since 5:30am
OMG VINNY WEARS FOOTIE PAJAMAS. HOW EFFING CUTE IS THAT. FJDKSDJS I can't take how adorable he is
Rainbows fascinate the fuck out of me.
That was wrong...
Check out the new website not fully finished but still entertaining... www.platinumposts.com
Did you know? Radon mitigation fans can also be used as bathroom exhaust fans. Imagine taking a shower without the mirrors EVER fogging!
Thinking is sometimes all you have to do.
Thank you for the support my man!
I did! And my mom was glad. That would have made for a terrible Mother's Day.
Injustice may be wiped out, but human disputes and natural limitations can't be eradicated.
Does your company have any internships?
Happen to you callin back
Uhm..so this guy just cut me off & then 1 of his passengers flicked me off.
Hi, I am Kyle Clouthier. I run a small business. It's Social Media Business named Boost Social Media. It's very popular in all over the w
Staff focus groups in Maysville, OH today. How do you get honest feedback from your staff?
Someone's a little jealous of Phillip Phillips...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Good day for sports in the windy city!
The worse has passed, the better comes now!!
I Miss Him So Much )):
hm. 60 at the most.
"Random landscapes for covers, are you using a rubber?"
#Nats Finally give Strasburg some run support, 8k's for the young hotshot in his 3rd win.
"moribund" in what sense? 0.4 (less than two years old) was a huge improvement, and there are new commits from earlier this month.
Better than mine! LOL!!!!
RT : Twitpic!! // I second this
Happy with the way things are going with ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> Glad we are working on things!
Same here. classic episode.
#dirtylittletuesday! That's good. We should do that!
ty for lettin me know that!
Dont trust too much. Dont love too much. Dont hope too much, because that too much can hurt you so much.
Remain sane in the face of coworkers in flip-flops by imagining that the dry, flesh-slapping noises are the sounds of rhythmic love-making.
I don't ask a dudes how many ppl they slept with bcuz Idc 2 kno plus I don't want then askin me mines lol bcuz I ain't gonna tell ya lol
Good morning...God is a Great God:)
That just seems unlikely...
I support bn vs. Microsoft, but I have a kindle now
Having our January Executive Board meeting hosted by
lol my dog ran in my room as soon as it started raining.
RT : A man may learn wisdom even from a foe. ~ Aristophenes
bitch shut up..you not going nowhere...
My bio prof loves the word semi-anal
I can tell which of my two dogs loves me more: the one that meets me at the front door every time. The other one stays in bed. Tsk, tsk.
Mason Shepard of Windward hs is a beast
no way the pack let go wells. He's way more important then finley
Heavy rains expected this weekend. Please drive safely!
That sounds nice & relaxing. Give Gizmo a hug/squeeze for me. :) See you in the morning, sisterly love!
What was the best concert you went to (who and when)?
Weather reports predict a storm this morning in Louisville on Derby day.. but it should clear up by the afternoon!
I totally understand and I got u!
Let's try forgiveness. A little less reaction, a little more reflection.
how about 5am?
Why wait when im given a chance now... It is way too scary to think bout it.
Here's my opinion on #NBAPlayoffs -- tonight the Magic, Nuggets and Hawks will be eliminated. Bulls are not done just yet.
Sorry I'm not Mike
Good Morning! Here is a test to find out whether your mission in LIFE is complete. If you're ALIVE this morning, it isn't. Enjoy your day!
Guy parked his Geo Prizm at Kohl's in Tosa. Puts a Club on his steering wheel. Dude, it's Tosa and you're driving a Prizm.
Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life
#SmackDown do it do it
is that possible? lol
RT : o! Columbia Art Gallery in Hood Rvr serving during West Coast Teapots 2012, 3/2-4/1. Lovely way to...
After tomorrow them seniors gone!
I can do that. Are you sure lol?
Oh I can't wait to play it!
that picture was so very disturbing, lol
What a great post! Thank you so much for sharing!
Not sure where to go for lunch. Anybody know where I can get some of this pink slime everyone's been raving about? Sounds Ghostbustery.
That was my favorite line, too!
First day-'12 spring semester didn't come without its challenges, couldn't imagine better colleagues, dedicated, great to work with at
HiGH AS FuK!
Thanks for the RT! :)
"Let's go Orange! " chants completely drowning out the St. John's nonsense from the MSG video board.
Pleasure meeting you at Avila last night. The country & Constitution need you and you have my support.
As a group tho, women fall into that category.
4 years ago I was on a boat on the way to The Bahamas listening to amazing live music and discovering some of my favorite artists.Fun times!
Joe Adams, Lamar Miller already taken. Eagles pick not too far off. Who ya got/want?
ANSWER ME ON AIMM. LOLL. IMPORTANT...
me too!!!! I hate sneezing and sniffing all day
so any of ya walk out at 10:30 ?
Tonight is the night is the night we're losing control. Tonight is the night is the night we set it off. Everybody go.
too right man!! "i love it when ya put it right there" she'll be staring reet back man and we'll be the new pcd ha
RT !!!!RT : RT I hate asking for shit, sometimes I'd just rather do it the hard way....
There too! Looking forwarDD to seeing you at both DD's.
Do prefer #Twitter over #Facebook? Or do you use them for totally diff things?
Apparently its National Chocolate Chip day, seems like a good excuse to bake cookies
the myth, the man, the legend
Got a lot if thinking to do :?
think you have been hacked. Password change time?
How Tf Does Everyone Else Get In America Cus.....
RT This is the final week for EVEN THE RAIN. it was awesome... go see it!
That is just gross!
Obama isn't clear either- he clearly won't pick anyone who isn't complicit in financial shenanigans. Sad times.
RT : TUCSON, Ariz. (AP) -- Doctor: Rep. Gabrielle Giffords breathing on her own after being shot in the head.
50150 Need to
CRAZY SHOW! Thanks and Cincinnati!
Never on the guest-list, always unexpected..!
LADIES/those w/ friends who are ladies- A few #KICKBALL teams are looking for ladies to add to their roster. Send a message if interested!
how's Triple H?
hope so! Living in LA now but grew up NJ and lived in BK for 10 years, so def planning on comin to Barclays whenever I visit
hello :-) What u doing tonite x
I'm totally up for!
Earthquake felt at Dewey Beach, Delaware right on the beach!
Due to space constraints at the #school we recorded voice overs for my students' movies in a teacher's car. #DIY sound studio!
Screw today's writing goal. It's 70 degrees and sunny, and I am going out for a long walk.
it was at the end of the Friday song with steven Colbert
is still wondering if the geniuses at Mumbai remembered their viagra within their drugballs, as those 72 virgins aint gonna hump themselves.
now, like most sports fans in the world, even the heat themselves are over-HEATed... hype does not equal rings-u need a leader!
“: Like seriously, who dreams about paragliding with a pink poodle?”///only you Beks haha l
Preach!! ": I dare my future man to give me a card on our "one month" anniversary. I'll let him know it's been real..."
suck it!
I'm sure it's coincidental that it's also Thomas Crapper Day...
#YouGetPointsIf you like the Texans/Alabama. That's my teams :) <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0098><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
you and I might be featured for tweeting back and forth while I was in a plane ,000 feet in a quote!
Vogelsong retires Cuddyer via fly ball to the warning track, disaster averted
The Naked and Famous take over Denver tonight! Who's heading to Ogden Theatre at 8 p.m. to see them?
Logging Off Twitter And Just Gonna Stay Texting My Gf <3, Twitter Is Dead At Night ._.
Ok, I get it. This isn't a quiet floor. Still, it's probably not appropriate for you to play booty jams over your laptop speakers.
its k
trying not to dye rite now
Bought it loved it about to do an online submission for a pilot. Strange how things have changed
I can't stand the fact that you don't see me for who I am
Good morning Twitterland :-). Hope all have a wonderful day.
OMG YOU HATE ME RIGHT UGH PEOPLE HATE ME
Yeah, our lights keep us from doing middle slots. Pain in the ass, but we like 'em!
Because we both know where I'm about to go and we know it very well
interesting, can you tell me more? What does it look like and how long should it last? Also, how does it affect class culture
Kevin Na with a tribute to double-bogey golfer John Dedman, going with the 3-wood off the cartpath from 240 out.
Thx for the RT, Steven. (On importance of building personal brands of team members to boost client engagement + retention)
im not sure.
why have they just started to play round of applause on the radio the past couple weeks?
There are a lot! RT Best of luck to all students from that are experiencing
Had the #BestTimeEver at #Disneyland yesterday. Suggestion for #Disneyland: change #SplashMountain's name to "Tsunami Mountain."
you da one that i dream about
The campaign or the withering Romney fire?": : Mrs. Santorum looks tired & sad. It's a brutal, exhausting process."
miss you too. (:
Next door neighbors having a jamming party with some excellent Caribbean soul music: I ain't mad at ya for forgetting to invite me! :D
Spreading star dust and moon beams inspiring kids everywhere!
Congratulations. I suppose it makes sense. I'm a member of both institutions. When will members be notified?
Hey, it's not working!
My great uncles still refer to my mother as Bint Yacoub because her sons are twins. I vote for Umm Sophia!
See you for lunch? Old Town Greenwood...yum yum
So great to meet you yesterday! What a terrific day!
heard that.
Felt really good in practice today now I'm off to eat and then race and finally chill in the sun
. is it me, or is Billy Crystal slowly turning into Christopher Walken?
hahaha I liked that one too
Yeah! Our phone company pissed and I mean PISSED off my mom big time
smug + geek = gross
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.
All numbed up. Doc's quote: "We'll just pop that nerve out"
Keeping track of New England baseball with the Boston Amateur Baseball Network.
and if you follow me it would meen the world to me
The farther away the future is, the better it looks.
I would care... But u don't matter!!!
I didn't know you were in SA. How long are you here for?
Baltimoreans: Ever wonder what kind of parade float the would organize? Find out in our 2nd Anniversary show!
Job = $ = Shopping <3 this summer is gonna be bomb!
don't care that I'm being the biggest masshole on the road today
76ers advance to Round 2 where they can now lose in 5 games to the Founding Fathers...er, the Boston Celtics.
It's not just GOT. Do you not see something wrong with charging more for digital copies than physical print and paper?
RT: CIOs-CMOs in next digital decade: It's not going to be a good idea to have a relationship. It's going to be an imperative.
If you receive a dm from me saying "I seen something terrible about you" with a link, do not click on it. It's spam. Apologies for any issue
It's too late, dad. You make the Choice.
everyone has an opinion about bdg
This "social currency" campaign from American Express is lame. They're just points, AmEx. NBD.
Sure! We're keeping you in our prayers!
yea we here
"If you want to live, give up your foolishness & let understanding guide your steps." -Proverbs 9:6
omg dirty rice
“: Cant sleep”>>I can never sleep smh
: I see people's eyes glazing over at the geek factor of this digital media panel. Just sayin'... #pdxdmc” > 4 geeks, by geeks?
Wow gonna be 70 degrees all the way until next weekend..
Just curious, do you find it unfair that Soulcrate is considered in the contest since they are on a label and rap for a living?
time for #SMASH, season finale!
I am not interested in a yoga practice that simply calms in order to cope. I am interested in one that empowers me to confront injustice.
#orretweet! RT Ok. This is awkward. Thank you Richard Nixon for Earth Day.
I wish there were a job that let me cook for people. Like, I want to cook for people. For a living... Wait a minute...
Find a way to laugh
Hi, I feel ya. AppSumo is pretty awesome for tech self improvement!
RT “Nostalgia is denial. Denial of the painful present.” -Midnight in Paris (2011)
what about now?
O you're cool. Even using the
lehh do it>>
I now consider myself in the upper echelon of multitasking. I did my banking while on the toilet 2day, haha.
and I can't spell
I can't fuck wit them orange and grey 12s retros...it look too fake and its not O.Gs.
Did you know 83,000 diamonds were purchased in the greater Milwaukee area in 2011?
id even take regular cake
lol ok cool
Quote review re: #TheAvengers: Loki: “It is the unspoken truth of humanity that you crave subjugation.” We do, Master, we do.
waking up at 5:00 am is for the birds.
Murder Was The Case That They Gave Me by Snoop Dogg
just got to listen to the first mix of our new single. The Suicide of Thought. Sounds awesome!! -dg
Thanks for the RT, Bob! Hope all is well with you.
good morning!
Hopefully filmzrus will be up today
Fell asleep earlier while watching TV. Now I'm wide awake and starving. Scrambled eggs, maybe?
Rep Local, Think Global
Ending a busy day, bummer Bucks lost, but it was good hanging with Anthony Pettis!
The universe is taking me on a wild ride! Tough times now but I see California as my home in the near future.
HAPPY BiRTHDAY! i WiSH Y0U THE GREATEST BiRTHDAY AND PRAY Y0U HAVE MANY M0RE!!!!
they can't possibly doubt that you love them
when are you coming back for a panini. We miss your charming positive smile
“: I love the way that I can smile at my bestfriend and they know exactly what I'm thinking. ?”
Headed up to AT&T to clown!
Thanks for the support and back @ ya!
Beat the Christmas rush. Go to bed right now! Wake-up and go shopping at 4am, on day off, because it's #BlackFriday. lol.
NO!!!!!!!!!!! RT : Im gonna buy a perm kit and perm my locs and call it a life.
Hey! You're up? You follow me here? Follow me on Tumblr! Fun stuff to come. Just like candy. Honest. Idlewild1914
I wish there was more time in the day. Never get to finish what I plan on doing :(
Hi As soon as you show evidence that the alternative - a complete lack of acctability - improves public schools
Why have an original thought when you can simply Retweet?
Is there such a thing as a redeye flight that doesn't completely ruin the following day? I'm a useless dipshit today.
My dad was totally like "Sgt Wu is a bad guy? He's so nice on Grimm!" re the new Jason Statham movie!
Airline to charge $100 for carryons? I knew I didn't like Spirit Airline....these MF's have lost their minds
You got it!
Must have been that sandwich you fed it!
DO NOT
Hi!:) I'm a huge fan and I'm gonna keep tweeting you till you follow me :) aaha
Looking for hotties in San Diego? Go to WhereTheHottiesAt.com
hey - how have you been?
Never let your actions speak louder then your words, that's the difference between the educated and the uneducated -my old, badass, neighbor
Don Cornelius died... Fond memories from the '70s, even for this south Georgia born white guy.
So, ... you are the aficionado of all things '80s? Sounds ilke Doug has some competition!
no man I was waisted when I wrote that tweet I could of been talking about anything. Good news thoe
Katt Williams on comedy central! #pimpchronicles #hilarious....I like to remember him when he used to be funny
Because my 'c' key isn't working most of the time, faculty are frequently appearing to be faulty.
me too. Just listened to that. I hella love his verse on 'What a Job' too.
i thought it was stupid to
“: happy holidays!” Same to You!
gotta shake the devil off me ..I WALK WITH GOD
trying to figure out what #spotify did to my browser (#firefox) but still loving #spotify. just hope it doesn't make me really unhappy.
That should be me <3
you. cant. end. this. story. omfg. im crying.
Now that I'm back, I'm about to crash. It's great to be back here in Twitterland, miss you guys and gals. I'll be back tomorrow. Night World
We have a fast-paced development and are seeking ME, EE, and FW contractors. Please contact me ASAP if interested.
Just finished watching Mermaids while editing, adding listings (on etsy) with cat in my lap.
They went to a GOP convention and a hockey game broke out.
Hey, we are playing at Rozz Tox tonight, it's an early show. You should come out!
How does orange-hot pepper candle sound? I am going into making my own candles, why not? Be my own boss!
Just woke up. I feel well rested..
Yup, confusion over 2-hr delay has started.
haha yeah yeah!
I got a lemur for a pet!
And then you suddenly realize how miserable you are.....
also read the Miss Porter's article, very interesting. Craving Crispo's Italian but crunched for time
paint your nails a fun color.
- the obsolescence of the academic book is not material its institutional, not the content but the process
LOL...yeah right, now I gotta try and keep up with you!!! I saw the deal before but they don't have anything in DC. : (
Do you even know how much everyone hates you or.
Chris: TCART--occasionally there are postings sent out through listservs or newsletters, so get on them!
Please be sure to check out the The are amazing and will blow your mind!
lol, mee too.! I'm still laughing about the wheelchair joke.
over 40 minutes now since first tweets...
No joke just had a dream I was in the hunger games but the charactors were people I knew...I won.
This morning I woke up tired and ready to learn, now im still tired, havent learned crap and im sick from eating a hotdog >.> fml
aw, you don't have to hide it anymore... our endless love shouldn't be a secrete
I am going to shoot you kid
Perfect thanks so much! Have a good night.
Case in point: our 1970s vintage bathroom we're remodeling after 18 years of saying it needs to be done...
Loas Economic Report 2012 | Live Trading News
Joshua "the Hulk" Posley
Happy Mothers Day !
Use the auto embed feature to add videos. Just add the URL to a video on its own line in a post.
Oops. RT : A productive day starts with a good night's rest.
#GOP has to lie bout women, students, workers, social security, medicare & education & ONLY has #FauxSpewsRetorts 2 run to LOL
dollar burger night where?!?
RT Catharsis - Serpentine .
Being too comfy to get up and blowdry my hair <<<
Is there nothing to do tonight?
It has become abundantly clear the #Knicks will have to choose between Melo and D'Antoni. And they have 18.52 million reason to choose Melo.
Very interested to see who the #Steelers pick in the 1st round.
Surely you are fucking with me...........call me now FIND A PAYPHONE NOW
The zero comments button on my EvE article makes me sad
Deloitte sees visualization as the top tech trend of 2011.
can you say annoying!
Dodgers on top 9-1 over the giants. Bottom of the 8th.
So I'm thinking Shawarma for dinner anybody in?
A big shoutout to my two besties for making lunch very embarrassing but very memorable. Love you, girls.
BREAKFAST AT BOTTEGA LOUIE PART THREE POSTED THIS YESTERDAY on www.downtownster.com sorry I forgot to tell everyone! My bad!
To the producers of biggest losers: do they really have to take their shirts off when they weigh in???
Sounds good.
Way to go University of Richmond! Richmond 69, Vanderbilt 66.
Pitbull isn't hip hop. He's trashy pop.
Tomorrow it is!
Thanks to for inviting me to Green Bay yesterday. Had a great time talking about #socialmedia for
I'm very glad that I don't, at least for now I don't. We'll see if the Redistricting Panel keeps it that way or not.
NOT TIRED
Authentic LIVE CHURCH singing! No auto-tunes, lead singers with words on paper, just CHURCH! LOL!! Love it!
#ff as 5 women row across the Atlantic to raise awareness about human trafficking.
System of a Down on Pandora
5 days from now, only one place to be! In beautiful south Florida! Vintage Reggae Winter Fest
Off to to see the most hilariously offensive man in the world, Jim Jeffries
From the crew here at The W3 Awards, Happy New Year, folks!
But texting about talking? GENIUS
Hey we are here...wtf back at LA...Vegas airport closed due to wind turbulence! Its ok I just wanted to cruise the sky anyway...smh!!!
So tired and sleepy lol still laying in bed and sore :)
Tear down the Eshweiler Buildings?! That is such a horrific idea, it shouldn't even be contemplated! What is wrong with these people?!
I'll let you know in a bit. I'm not sure.
ok can we fuck on twitter yet?
I'm sorry, what did you say?? I can't hear you..
TRAFFIC ALERT: Large container EB Beltline @ John Nolen. Ramp to John Nolen closed. The EB Beltline may be closed, too. Avoid Area.
yes you can!! Its easy!!!
Best of luck to PRODIJIG on Got to Dance UK tonight. Tear it up and let's push things forward!
What was your favorite gift/memory this holiday?
Tough loss last night. We'll only be back for big plays until Football. Message us on Facebook if you want to have picks sent to you daily.
thanks for the test!
fuck that new girl that been in your bed bcuz when ur in her i kno im in ur head !
Nice fact! Love when you post this kind of stuff! HISTORY!!!
unless you can type it in 140 characters or less :-)
can u have one in atlanta georgia plz
Hi there! Yes we play at Red Rock Saloon in Milwaukee and are back there on May 25th! Do you own The Rodeo?
#nlcatlanta You have to measure your own engagement...
I just saw this. I'm down!
I guess so, its at 15th and I nw
#ImAlexsGirl who the hell is this
Great presentation this morning by Inspired & motivated to do more DI.
National Teachers day, and Nurses week! Who by name should we salute? 978-1023
So you got back with your dude huh, so that's why I ain't heard from you in a minute just cut me off completely lol
so you never shorted under $1?
or to anyone who would actually listen to such a demand. Conspir Theories do nothing but muddy real solutions.
idk im working too lol I just got the text from The Sports Hub which is the Boston Sports station I listen to lol
Bizet's Carmen with the neighbors. Opera singers are getting svelte. No fat lady at the end.
Happy mothers day and happy birthday to my wonderful mother<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>!!
WHAT'S MEANT FOR YOU .. WILL NOT PAST YOU !!!!
i have a humor. you cant read my personality over twitter though, i forget to tweet every 5 seconds
Why does Donald Trump given so much media time. wake up America! Is he high? Anymore think am wrong?
RT : Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.- Thomas Edison<=Super Right!
You know what sounds fun? Running from the bull in Spain. It's got to be awesome and terrifying when you see the bull single you out.
#SAGawards Ensemble Cast in a Motion Picture went to 'The Help'! Another epic win if you ask me!
Made $330 at the car wash ! Good job guys (:
'If we lose, we should throw possums..'
The weather feels as if tomorrow should be the first day of March, not February!
Network growing, Net-worth rising. Feeling great!
Can not wail til tonight. My bestie grant is staying the night ^.^
no way, n I was looking to grab some late night snack... This message 3 hours later :( lol.
hey sexy
I love <3333
Hm...What should I eat tonight?
RT : at 18-20 have a better record than #Diamonbacks #Rockies #Angels #WhiteSox #Brewers and the same as #RedSox ...
Tomorrow is Mother's Day! Stop by to pick out the perfect give for mom! We are open from 10-7pm today :)
Yes it was not nice and my knee cap hit a rock when I fell down. I still don't know the guy
There is still a difference between something and nothing, but it is purely geometrical and there is nothing behind the geometry
Your damn career is interfering with mine. Ha
87 members in 18 hours. Wow! www.airlinecrew.com Know any airline crew members? Tell them about airlinecrew.com!
Good-night, sweet-dreams tomorrow will be a new day to cherish to the fullest.
Bennet introduces ARPA-Ed program to help spur tech innovation in US education
Shonda Rhimes is KILLING It right now. I LOVE this show..
She Rolling Weed & She Don't Even Smoke !
THANKS TO ALL WHO ARE MY TWEET FRIENDS....SHOWING NUTHING BUT LOVE FROM THE KUEEN OF KRUNK WITH
got my chinese food and girl scout cookies now ready to watch
time to realize that hype does not mean good, much is hyped but less and less lives up to it
your trynna say you didn't do the lean with rock wit it ?
Count your blessings not your problems
I love it when I can hear the cars out running at the speedway! May is the best month of the year!
Yes it is one of my favs atm :L <3
Ha! That's hilarious! I watch way too many pug videos on Youtube. Don't tell anyone.
Thank you! We've been in business since 1975, and personally design or choose every item in the showroom.
Will you be tweeting out the link to the recording of the show soon? I'm adding it to my pimping tweets! ;-)
RT Up with the sun and ready to kick off the day with and his panel on the personalization of learning
Funny how being alone with the 4 y.o. for 10 days can kill your ability to participate in social media.
"suck it"
I'm making a list of 30 things to accomplish/experience/learn before I turn 30 (in a little over a year). Suggestions for the list?
Thanks a lot, bro. You'll see :)
Happy Opening Day!
3 of the 4 D2 schools in this year's field are conference champs of mainly D1 conferences.
It's nice to know what other people really think of me.
finally agreeing with me.. Hs too raw. Hennessy, and pill party are good too
Congratulations and for winning best of show
Planning our senior cruise with
do you like the direction they are going...I'm not
Come on out tonight to the GGC on me! Who wants on the list?
and I wasn't even awake yet.
yeah i know! he may not be there tomorrow, but i'm sure it will be an electric atmosphere
rocks #partofme on
I'm letting life go in the direction it wants. I truly dot care anymore.
It's a very broad question - so many directions you could take this #edchat. Still pondering ....
However, the woman that George was speaking to told him that Harold Camping had previously set a different date for "The End of the World"..
I stayed, lol
Hope we see you at the
Well it's bout time to hit the hay :) goodnight :))
no, we split! back in btr
Just saw someone do the sad Charlie Brown walk to a T. He seemed even more upset when I chuckled at him.
reading my english book :p blaah . & hoping you'll reply:) i love that:D what did u do today ?<3
Who wants a follow on instagram???
But he no-hit the Twins! RT " ESPN: Can't remember seeing a pitcher as angry as Weaver was when he came out. In an absolute rage"
that was long overdue.
This probably isn't worth mentioning.
Thinking about going to LA for my birthday in may. Gettin stoked.
THANKS Heather! Appreciate the shout-out tons!!
Nice try kid.
$5 Stoli cocktails, $1 Pabst, and $3 Powers shots!! Sunday Funday people. Get with it and get down here!!
who knows!? Its dc sarcasm haha. They just keep coming!
Vehicles with up to date registration and parking stickers are not abandoned and can be parked in any valid space in the city.
Angel Pagan up with some insurance out at second base
a little Beach Boys this morning to balance out ze gloomy weather
In the middle of editing the and notice a lot more people shooting video than submitted. Still time folks!
can you please follow please!? :)
I only actually buy 2-3 PPVs a year
"I AM THE QUEEN OF FRANCE"
Yeah. It was dino-mite. :/ RT : Was it big? RT a moth just landed on my computer
Guages are so gross looking. I don't understand why you would want giant holes in your ears?
Hey Defence thanks for giving the Donkeys a playoff birth. You all should be ashamed by the way you played today. Thanks for that
Help me get the word out about my book. Please retweet my last tweet.
taking the podium--what are the trends in higher ed?
lmao Ik but I thought u were the girl that had them since sophomore yr
<3 What's up Zach?
Sometimes I feel so old.
Wedding dream team today: Balance Photography, Up Do's For I Do's, Beat 2 Beat DJ, Locoflo, Dionysus Kitchen, JPB Designs
Thanks so much for your vote to #PreserveNYC. Tell us in a tweet: why does this place matter to you?
"How do you buy a newspaper?" -
All I want to do is go to the gym. But all I physically can do is lie in bed.
i love how i showed up to all my classes today and ALL of them were cancelled!
I'm at ma fischers....close enough lol
IF YA TRYING TO KEEP ME U FIRST GOTTA KEEP UP!!!
I hope for you the show won't be a huge success…
and u know what I decided is I think I'm guna bring a spoon to ms. Quinn's class on Wednesday and scoop those lil guys out
Nice! Thx RT : there's a pic of 1 of the eggs in my timeline, and yes! :) I'll suss out the dets for u.
Love old people
If anyone were to beat me to the punch I would have wanted it to be Brory.
success looks way better than any dudes we've met. well, actually, most things look way better than any dudes we've met.
The BBQ is later, I guess I'll relax & put my feet up;-)
Forever is a long time, but I wouldn't mind spending it by your side. <3
in photo of players it looks like Beckett spent winter feasting on fried chicken & beer. Reminds me of Clemens in his 40's
Noeleen: It takes 0.1 second to for your opinion of someone...it's critical to pick the right spokesperson.
how he is better without braces.<U+2665>
Beliebers are ready for boyfriend!!!!!!!!!! I can't wait
Places are characters in the story of my life. I love them all so very much. #Chicago <3
You win
what are u talking about.
exactly how I feel
a lot of teams rank him as top guard but get scared he is not as safe as Decastro and Glenn because of D2 label
it's pouring rain in Hollywood at the moment.. Do you really want to see that?...
....Your serious??
I think my story is pretty good!
I will! Can't wait to catch up when we get back
especially since if they do get in they will be knocked out in the first round it's bullshit
Blah bombed my geometry test wtf if only my teacher would teachp
walking up the street feeling like the sun is stalking me
I think this is the least excited I've ever been for the super bowl
I only enter names and numbers into my contacts so I can see who I'm ignoring when they call
MARY JANE WHY HAVE YU LEFT ME NO MOE RELLOS NO MOE TREES....IDK IF I CAN LIVE WITOUT ME
Pinball tournament tonight at Voodoo doughnuts 2. Starts at 7pm. They have Roadshow, T2, Dracula and Hurricane. Get there early to practice.
Kiss his knee
i wish my ears would stop throbbing already so i could put in my batman plugs..
i kno this girl named yolo she thank she can rap
Thanks for the great chat. I'm excited 2B talking about this topic at 's MI Conf. I'll be thinking about this chat.
hahaha. true story.
hey north korea nice rocket launch idiots save your money feed your people
The things you see when you take a different sub or bus route. Just a few blocks different. Can't wait to get a bike.
RT "Beauty is all very well at first sight; but whoever looks at it when it has been in the house three days?"
NIGGA YES! I was JUST about to google this shit!
Wow had a bad day shouting match w boss part time gig cold day out thank God i have love of my daughters
Also, my body will be happy to see live baseball that's not on at 5AM.
I want some fuckin Arby's!
On the way down to Columbus for the state final four coaches meeting- go Eagles!
After waking up from a good dream, #WeAllHaveTried to go back to sleep attempting to continue it! R-T if u have.
Just upgraded our Euphonix S5 with Hybrid fusion! Also Pro Tools 9 is facility wide. 2 D-Commands, 1 D-Control, what's next?
Guys wanna know a secret?
Very pleased with myself for doing a 5 min plank in #Pilates class last night -personal best!
awesome! Anna of The Five Towns is one of those books where critical study made it so much more a valuable read for me.
I know when somebody guilty or not
*walks away*
Ugh i love this guy"!:)
followed, follow back PLEASE?
When Alex gets to 200,00 followers he's having a following spree!
So amazing...so amazing!!
RT : Can anyone live tweet the NYPL/GC Open Forum for those of us who can't be there?
Yeah they are, I had a toyota corolla & 91' Civic Si hatchback
Interesting story about the possible medical value of fasting. Karen discusses research and her fasting forays w
If #1D ever needs inspiration for their songs, they should just look at 's tweets. <3
Hoping to be in NYC the whole summer
I will see all of you Rio Grande Ravens at Prom tomorrow night. I'll be the one in the DJ booth.
I believe in Christianity as I believe the sun has risen; not only because I see it, but by it I see everything else."-C.S. Lewis
FYI - The #BREWERS racing sausages are on State St. in #madison by Brats if anyone is interested in a photo op.
sounds #delish need to try it out!
“: The truck's not going to NY.” great because I have yet to try your yummy food! :)
"I happen to be a graduate of the Wharton School"
a weekend of trying to be still results in crumpiness...
Decided to make the switch to Adobe Premiere Pro, Final Cut Pro X just doesn't seem like it's going to cut it
Daily quote: "Taxpayers need to know that major projects will be delivered to time & to budget" Francis Maude, Cabinet Minister
And if you live in the Bay, come to 's book release event tonight at 7 pm at Books, Inc. in Berkeley. This man can write.
I do have to say, their fans were great. A lot better than Michigan fans or Colorodo
bitch I only offered 2 pay 4 it so u don't end up gettin locked up
I'm really craving Olive Garden salad and breadsticks right now. Don't judge me.
True friendship is like sound health, the value of it is seldom known until it be lost.
"I'm worried that we're in an echo chamber," says "We need to reform education for ALL children."
probs explains our boy situations. Whatever, we are going places!!
How did everyone's brackets stand up after this weekend?
My mom gets on me for not answering calls but she never answers mine.
For sure! You won't be rid of the likes of me my friend.
What's your feedback on the Charlie Weis hire at KU?
“: Grace 2:03” that is great!
I don't need that much reality.
Come on come on bay-bay!!!
That moment when you just really want to smack your sister
Thanks to all who came out to support us last night & over the years. Last night was epic.
I believe it's Jayhawk, and they better be if I'm going to be bringing in all the cash money this year.
Contact us to get your Agora Forte tickets! $10, Aug 12, Roberts Bar, Mounds View, MN.
Sample catering food on the first floor. First come, first serve :)
I thought avocado was a fruit...
I feel MUCH better. Thank You. I was adjusted yesterday, and I'm amazed how fast the pain diminished. I get test results today.
thanks, friend. It is with the committee now. Defense in a few weeks!
Had the most amazing time last night with :)) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Good morning world
Yea its fucked up how he died...but think about it...you think half the world country would do the same for you?
Hi Shah Rukh Bhai! Kaisey hain Aap? You did an excellent job on the Awards! Jst too good and extremely funny! GOD BLESS! :)
After Saturday's Hopkins-Dawson snoozefest, let us pray that #MayweatherCotto lives up to OUR expectations
FRI @ THE SMILING MOOSE = LUNCH till 3pm, 1/2 OFF ALL CRAFT/MICRO BEER, $2 OFF ALL SLIDERS, $1 OFF ALL OTHER DRINKS From 5-7pm!
I wish you were in my bed as much as you are in my head.
I NEED THE INSTRUMENTALS TO THE DON: NAS NEW TRACK! Pls help! BIG THINGS POP! UNIV€R$£*
I had to share given that wise words were imparted, as always, by my favorite advice columnist
What is the best way to break into the high end art gallery scene in New York city?
This boy just told me I'm the coolest gay dude he has m
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!! We have so much to be grateful for!
** Looking for Cost Accountants with strong ERP experience!! If interested, please send resume to **
OMG SERIOUSLY? Funny especially since Oakcrest is right down the road from them..but that's probs too Christian.
Hamburger Helper: Makes a great meal when you substitute turkey for ground beef.
“Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life.” ~ Pablo Picasso
Thanks again for leading such a great event last night, Enoch! salute.
I actually found an Art Blakey album that SUCKS. Lol. "Hold on I'm Coming", 1967. HORRIBLE. BITES!!! Chuck Mangione featured on 1 song.
that is awesome. I love that show
HI tell momma trim i say happy mothers day!(:
Chimney smoke appears/ dust of blossoms/ rising in separation/ to the indiscriminatory sky
Ok cabbie. Really?? There are 100 roads that feed into Michigan Ave and you've got to pick the one that is torn up?
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage. ~ Anais Nin
Latin Vibe Fridays. The Ultimate College Nite Party starts 4/15 @ New Brudder's Lounge 3600 N. Pulaski Ladies FREE till 11PM $100 Bottles
Album out in 2 days!
musing on how much history is not what happened in the past but what we deem important of the past
Thanks Bob, it was nice meeting you
Smh #Oomf Told Me She Like Me
I think I just cried a little ):
Thanks love! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I know bc I have to work today too, just let me know the next time you off
We're at 493 likes on Facebook! Can you help us get to 500?
Missed the first round of the draft
Due to popular demand, STARcise will soon unveil its new P.E.P.!! (Playdate Entertainment Programs)
say yes!! All of them. And maybe hate this part. Cant wait xx
4 people at one time period? How did this even happen...
Very wise RT : I am starting on no credit too - all cash.
"A book is just a souvenir of ideas." - cc
#NFL replays are getting annoying. Seeing it twice is great, 3 times..ok but 5 times or more?
Temporary tattoo tan lines are the best/worst (the verdict is still out - depends on the tattoo!)
Okay, Maher redeemed himself.
So who wants to c me on my web cam i an take my shirt and pants off but cant do anythin else for a bit lol hit me up for yahoo
RT : Think about whether the "velvet rope" strategy is right for your product #launch -
Ask me about my attention deficit disorder or pie or my dog. A cat. I have a bike. Do you like tv? I saw a rock. Hi.
because you've finally realized your purpose In Life...
Happy Halloween! Join The Bakken at the Minneapolis Whole Foods on Excelsior until 6 p.m. and we'll show you some SHOCKING science magic!
Sold out show last night with a kick ass audience. Thanks to all the comics who went up at the Sour Patch Show. You all rocked it.
Turn lights off overnight
The only thing that consoles me about this rainy 65degree day in LA is that it's still warmer here that NY or SF.
Damn, why are the entry level library jobs in flyover states? Yeah, I'm deeply biased to my beloved left coast!
Have you seen our latest coupon specials? If not, click on Coupons in the left side menu!
It's a hard blog life, for sure.
over my dead body
I wouldn't expect any less. See you tomorrow.
nigga I called you yesterday, you be on bs...
Dan, don't buy into the propaganda, the #Celtics are playing up these "injuries" to manufacture adversity
We really want to follow you but we are at a limit :( I'm sorry
Player of the game = Curtis Granderson
I only had breadsticks for dinner... I'm to fat to ONLY have that!
Rise & Grind Ladies :)
#L8 Going for the record now!
Mfs be hating on the Lakers mfs jus dont want Kobe to get that 6th ring fuck it we 2-0 but we win the series team LA
Awesome player advisory board today w/ Tim Morgan, Mike Smith & Dave Castranova
As a Heat HATER, I'm ready for some more biased officiating.
Durks for the BULLS game tonight with some trouble makers. Scared for my life.
exactly. If Dave came on I would come off for you. Davids my favorite and no one would get off. So annoying and rude.
you're welcome! God bless you always :)
That new car of his is getting a workout! I'll send you guys what we got. 67 and sunny today.
well if you don't swing in
I hope they take it higher before justice gets into the long arms of the ppl...
Val Nasedkin tearing it up right now. Hitting it on the head!
"stories" of people coming home to magically find a beloved family dog has killed someone when NO ONE was around to see it make me SO angry.
I don't think either is possible, the profits are so high right now that concessions for competition can be made almost anywhere.
i was about too..... ask you that. lol did you fall from the TOP? :O
“: I wanna go to a drive-in.” thats where I always go;)
"you know I don't like those pickles"
Where at ? Come smoke one with your boy. Hahaha»» j\k......RT : I smell weed. !
RBs w/ surprise value this yr: B. Leonard, A. Green, D. Scott (#nyg) Who do you think will be this year's Hillis, Bount?
I feel about Pinterest how I feel about the Twilight series: I respect its popularity and swift growth, though I can't say I 'get' it.
what are you gonna do right now?
I look like a Werewolf 365
helps with insomnia also! RT : Even small amounts of magnesium can reduce the risk of heart disease - Bill Faloon (Life Extension)
We only went to the outlet, but they had some really great deals! Plus I had an additional 30% off coupon :)
Great Gold Star Tour at Positive Tomorrows this morning! To see how we help homeless kids, call Josh at 556-5082!
and Thanks for the shout out!!!!
yea.. I wanted to get a tattoo ... its either that or a bed. Boo
I'm really going to miss the UL/WVU football game.
“: aw thanks hun! :D” No problem I love listening to Y100 and you're tweets are really funny/interesting <U+2764>
I blame Facebook not the phone. Their site has even been buggy for me lately
Recording Studio Equipment For Sale! Prices Dropped!!
No sir I am not Darius Rucker, but I will sign your lower back.
My Twitter account is all kinda fuckin up!!
haha - nice and sunny out here in Colorado (for now) ~brian
Great to be there. Good to connect again.
Best wishes to everyone in the spirit of Christmas!
From our friends : "Intouchables is playing tonight at ! #SFIFF”
Yayyyy no hangover!!!!
Co Sign! SWV is back!!
Is 9:40 too early to start selling beef? Nope. In stallis today
what the fuck
Ugh leg day at the gym. No fun, but it's gotta be done.
lol....you are a trooper
of curse why not babe...
so whats up with the Marlins......... so whats up with my PS3
“: #ImThatPersonWho falls too fast, crashes too hard, forgives too easily, and cares too much.”
I lost a lot of followers lately and idk why. I follow back :p
Despite the walls you build, I'm here.
Opposing hitters 2-for-27, 0 runs first time through order vs. Estrada. 10-for-26, 9 runs on second trip through.
I agree! Many credit unions have wonderful packages for businesses and it all stays in the community.
A kind message. RT : Just started the book Part Wild and am loving it, it's hard to go to work.
One Hit Imma Knock It Out Tha Park ; )
OMG BETTER NOT LOSE MY BRACELET
Best thing about wearing leather pants, not having to panic when you drop a cheese dog on your lap
I was 10 years old when I started having sex. I was 15 years old when I started having sex with OTHER people.
thanks George...I got that Swype on my phone, greatest invention ever!
Ok yall, can't tweet for a bit goin on a road trip :P ttyl8r homes with swagger!
Ha! RT The freckle I have where a stamp would be. ;-)
Scarier when fully awake! RT : Cloud and mobile device security: scary stuff before a sufficient amount of coffee.
This bus takes so damn long
I love it here :) Just bored until I start work! How are you?
Webinar for #9biz was awesome. Small Businesses this is a great resource for Social Media Marketing. Thanks!
Just got rained out of a product launch...wtf...when it rains it pours!!!
I mean, it's fine, I can just sign up with a new ID, but... seriously? I just want to support 's kickstarter.
I just want to lay in bed and watch nip/tuck. sounds so relaxing
How many people just watched iCarly tonight cause 1D was on it? *raises hand*
SWIMMING POOL IS OFFICIALY OPEN. #OhHellYea and I are going for a quick dip.
I like them lol
Phone companies, forget the apps, you really want to be ahead of the pack? Simple: The unsend SMS button! That is all.
You're hot and I'm ugly. Opposites attract.. right?
Sorry, I have no power!
I have talked about being bipolar on here-read my TI.
If this is ur April Fools joke then well played Media Monitors, well played...
Started late, ended my night early. Going to sleep soon....
You're a nice guy, but your super fucking weird.
Are you a #physical #therapist that is looking for a chance of scenery? Our #travel #therapist positions are a perfect start...
Red Hot Chili Peppers
Making s'mores in the Fox 6 microwave thanks to photog Audrey. Great way to end the day.
#bored txt me 16365849108
#best90squotes <- I've FALLEN & I can't GET UP ... lol
is having a network outage. Over Half of my podcasts do not download using Zune. Anyone else having this problem?
MAKE A WISH UGLY
Marry Christmas my twitter followers:)
Occupy Portland stopped at Verizon store. Headed south on Broadway
One of my biggest fears is a kidnapper taping my mouth because my nose is almost always stopped up.
House Music on Wednesday Night = Haven Lounge with Kristian Caro & Adam Foster
Careful! I think your account may have been hijacked, just rec'd an apparent phishing DM from you.
I go to a place I used to work at in Middleburg. It's really nice. Let me know if you want the details.
too much talking not enough doing
3rd straight nail biter, but at least the Jays have some experience playing in close games. It's time for
told yahh I'd tweet to him
's muscles are so obnoxious and get so much media attention that I'm surprised they haven't been attacked by the Boston PD.
What a small world we live in! Much appreciation to the new users from #UK, #UAE & #Singapore joining family!
Watch "Kicking it Old School" to learn breaking? Lol, are you sure?
; Going to Athens (not in Greece, its pronounced Ayy-thins) tomorrow ((((((: cant sleep, im so excited. (:
Like I said...TRAGEDY! Living a sans sugar life I thought my prayers were answered.
drink to me only with thine eyes
Congrats on supporting a team that blows!
hahaha you said it not me.
Hawks-65 Chicks-60 @ the half
close to declaring email bankruptcy.
You'd think word would have spread by now NOT to steal iPhones b/c of the gps tracking
RT : Be sure to connect with as well. GRG member in Cleveland is Enviro Leader
Fuck this economy, were r all the jobs, come on goverment.
Join the speaker dinner tonight! Mark will be there alongside DAVIAU, GREENBERG, BERISTAIN and LINDENLAUB to network!!! :-)
Come over! RT lmao. Gurrrrrrrrl! I cleaned my house like a maid.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter it was April of 2010 and no one had one
I think Ima sex addict
got a lot on my mind again fuck it not going to let it get to me just keep making changes. its going down 2night LINK LOUNGE 2901 Fannin!
House rejects #Vikings stadium proposal Bozo #Legislators! If it were a theater or art museum those Devil #Democrats would have voted yes
#slaname I'd say my experience varies on "what do you do" altho I guess Im in the minority in that my corp jobs all undstd libr*
i just added all my followers again L ya all
In divorce, only the lawyers come out ahead.
is UConn baseball for real? Haven't been following BE baseball in some time.
#ShoutOutToTheGirlsThat actually know how to dress themselves.
Austin Mahone my inspiration
I'm thinking that some vodka tonics will supplement this weekend nicely.
Trap or die atl go life!
Can you add stringing sticky pistons together so that they pull each other like the mod did?
lol im glad
Tweeting every senior on my TL...Imma miss y'all
I won't forget you..
Ahh, the first day of spring! Wait, did we even have winter?
19 days of school. Think I can make it? No.
I agree! Maybe we need to have beer pong tournaments a fixture at #smcseattle events from now on?
Justin b
Time to get in shape. It's almost bikini season.
It's getting late early out there these days
“: Too little, too late.” Agreed.
I seem to have "Nag Nag Nag" by Cabaret Voltaire stuck on infinite repeat in my head. The off button is broken.
I love you!
just because I said I should doesn't mean I'm going to <3333333333
thanks for the favorite. Got your email. Will hit you back this evening.
Is a mentalillness that mr.shin is to be blamed for? -Not for breaking the law .
You never know when your time to go is & Im so very grateful God took no one from me today.
A Lance "the phenom" Stevenson sighting lol
Our Power Hour “Game of Thrones” Playlist | WebTVDeluxe
Kyle Busch is awesome.
Ditto! RT Such a pleasure to meet amazing authors today at
this guy
I've officially made it to all the SF sports now :)
Good luck. Don't you have voice activated tweeting?
You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars. - Gary Allen
Definitely some things on there I want to check out!
Problem solution problem solution problem solution problem solution
my poor baby I feel for you
#followmedylan I would be SO happy I'd you followed me! :)
Changed the managing name to .
I've seen my dad cry twice in my life, and once was over the death of my parents' first dog.
#FridayFightAgainst Lung Cancer. My aunt is affected with it, and I'm scared I'm gonna lose her. I almost lost her once :,(
Awww, man, you're the best. Thx, Daniel! Loving Indy all over thx to u. Just bought my kid Smoke paraphanalia on Sat.
I'm sure you'll be excellent. Good luck.
thanks for the follow :)
The new trailer for Dark Shadows makes me very happy.
This is not good. The 2 teams I root for most are playing each other in the first round. Sorry and
Hey Whats up?? How are you???
I did not know you moved out to the bay - congrats!
UNICORN SWAG UNICORN SWAG UNICORN SWAG X3
When a teammate gets hurt and has to be carried off the field<<<
Student Maurisha Finley just spoke at open house; already accepted to Alabama A&M for next fall - on a full ride scholarship!
Follow Follow FOLLOW! Help me outt Ill do da Samee. get at me!
This is by far the worst hangover I've ever had!
I'm jk.. I don't drink haha I'm a good child.
I think the baseball thing I referred to is in Shore's Culture in Mind if you want more of it. Good stuff.
Nigga talkin bout you ain't from around here fuck you bitch ass nigga. I been doin shit you can't do so stay off my dick.
Luckily, this is the only week I'll have access to schlock. Next week it's back to real life and no tv.
Had a dream astroworld was back in Houston, damn ima be sad for the whole day now
i have been eating nonstop since 2 oclock... this is not good... but food is SO good
HOT either way but shes no umm..well some of you know
Bright light life.
Wishing & wanting won't change anything.
Took the dog for a walk. Coffee is brewing now time to make breakfast in bed for Nicole.
I have a friend meeting them at bamboozle tomorrow and shes gonna try to have him call me ah
#NAACP cancels speech. Cong. West is a #WarHero & better than the NAACP ever will be. Shame on the NAACP! RT
"I don't know the key to success but the key to failure is trying to please everybody."~Bill Cosby”. It's amazing how much this interferes!
My verbal reasoning instructor laughs like tickle me elmo
Let's go Badgers!!!
Picture Day wussup.
OMG HE IS FANGIRLING
what movie are you guys seeing? (:
#Obama #solidarity We need you to tweet #wiunion this weekend. Keep #USA informed. #OFA Thank you, all for working for a better Democracy.
having the worst experience with #timewarnercable today. Getting incorrect info from poorly trained employees-ruined day so far
Screw sleep
Did you, by chance, message me about "bad rumors," or have one of us been hacked?
Don't ya love how Kingston pike gets so backed up at 5pm?
it was good. definitely not as good as the book. not exactly what i was hoping for but definitely entertaining
all you can eat mexican food m-f 3-6 at picosos look us up on yahoo picososmexicanfood.com
I see the Cubs fans still win their WS in April. Cards win theres in Oct
It's tweet which means you keep it short it's not a chat so we keep it short
david wonka makes the world taste good.<3
It seems that Seattle's past entertained many more innovative ideas than it currently does. The waterfront being the exception.
Actually here in my writer incarnation and RTing as publisher via TweetDeck. Suffer from MPD. ;-)
One more person please follow me and I'll have 500 :)
Long story that I will tell you all about next time we see each other. Miss you too!
Did you know that for the longest time I thought LOL meant "Lots of Love." Naturally, I was frightened.
Would you like to be a Blue Water Baltimore pre-approved landscape contractor? email by 9/5 to register.
lol worried about what???
$TOPZ is performing well today
squeak. Squeak.
New URL:www.myspace.com/anabella_monzon . I made a Myspace e mail and anwsered someone who saw the video I made and liked it
yeah they are fixing where the squirrel's were!
5 D didn't make NFL Network Top 100 last year but will be top 60 this year: Justin Smith/Pierre-Paul/Cushing/Von Miller/Patrick Peterson
Funny what happens, when the Flyers face at team wth a goaltender that does not allow soft goals.
is #io2012 serisouly sold out in 9 min?! wow.
i lvoe how innocent some peple think i am
'Jacquizz Rodgers' Your Mom..future Fantasy handle
hey gujys i wanna change my twitter name any i deas?.
That was fucking crazy.
I used TD on my own PCs but HootSuite on others and on my iOS b/c most recent TD update is yuck.
Yes, email forwarding is back for me as well. Glad that it's working for you too!
This just made my night(': I Love You<21
twitter just told me you were similar to me. no shiz.
LMAO I promise you! There used to be an" O" at the end of their name instead of an "E" rofl explains why she's so ugly!
Going old school... looking thru the local newspaper to write some jokes for morning radio tomorrow
Did you see "The Avengers" Movie yet? Will Carlos Boozer be back with the Chicago Bulls next Season or another Team?
is a lazy tweep.
Well apparently you don't :)
The three Ps. Pimps, Politicians & Preachers.
Yea friend (:
I cannot see anybody giving #PlaxicoBurress a serious look now. A year older, a step slower. Time to move on.
Can't bring myself to wear boots or letter jackets it is supposed to be 80 degrees sometime this week
Julie Bronson faces up to 10 years in prison, or probation, for running over 18-month-old Ava Lopez, her mother and her sister in April '09.
Singing "sesame noodles" to the tune of Bésame Mucho. I'd say I'm in a good mood. ...Also cause I got some Shan Dong.
Thanks for the Follow
Also, do brown recluse spiders even LIVE up here in Maryland? I wonder.
Chatting about Buffy episodes via Google+ Hangouts and putting them on YouTube, still down? Let me know if you want to with me!
because I though u were a boy
Kitchen is REOPENED! Sorry for any inconvenience caused by the monsoon. Come eat!
QUE SERA MI....
How can you not love playoff hockey?
Feeding my dogs(;
Playoffs Start Today For Hockey Cant Wait
A special on the science of sex lol
No worries, thanks for the response! Do you know of any one that you could recommend?
Chicory Stout encrusted tilapia with Taj on vinyl. Effing eh.
Good talking to you guys. Will be in touch soon!
I don't know the numbers... but I feel like Carlos Lee is hitting .850/1.250/1.650 against the Phils lately.
we're looking to wrap our current album "left" up ASAP and get the new material churning for another album this year.
Hahahaha. And if he's going to knock Dr. Seuss for content and structure, then clearly he's not studied poetry and verse.
he said i should respect your ear!! Glad u liked it... And hope all is well......Millz Album is Crazy!!! Truss
Another beautiful weekend. Today we are getting an order of fertilizer for the farm. Hard to believe harvest season is around the corner.
wait franks class is cancelled?
Skinny Nigga Big Balls $
Any of my #opendata/licensing buddies want to give a Q&A I did about licenses a quick read over?
i Like COLD STone!! n U?
Yep, another flop, just like Pepsi Twist.
Sorry everyone - #VocabSushi is temporarily down. we're looking into this right now. stay tuned. will probably just need a reboot.
since you have a good excuse. Tho your avatar was one of the few constants round here
Love you ! Can it be Christmas already so I can see you?
G'morning u! Have a beautiful weekend.
howdy, here is my plea, again. I need to transfer my #GDC12 #GDC registration to someone. Early bird+Alumni rate.
Letz Know the World: Free San Diego HUBZone Outreach Seminar ...
According to my period app, shark week is ten days early. Such lovely news to receive in the middle of ikea.
yo. We moved offices (we used to be behind NPR on Jefferson. We're now at another location in culver near fox hills. Hit me up.
Sometimes love just aint enough
Hahahaha! There's another live place in town I think they'd fit in better at, something about a search engine or something.
Ha, I found it odd that you sent them an open tweet request for a call! No harm meant, hope they called you back.
Only 12 days until the start of the NBA season...
Are you in need for Fast and Thick Card Printing? Try out NYC Printing 123's Same Day 28pt Card Printing. Call now ! 646.833.8085/...
When is it?
#RappersBetterThanSouljaBoy the twitter whale
Made it to the top 11 in Pride Superstar!
YES!! What did we win!!!?? rt “: Hey -you get a prize! You just became my 100th follower!”
Ate my lomo . Gonna rest for half an hour and then
Get ready for..... STICKERS
PS. It's always weird to go from desk monkey to dance teacher.
Lol! Salute to the nights I don't remember but HAD to have had a good time. Lol
Yes they are!!
never made sense to me that double cd sets counted as 2
& i love how you remember i call her momma!!!
Some people are still on their honeymoon. :)
yes, whats your budget?
hey Dave! Long time no talk! Any AWOLNATION stops planned in the Detroit area this Summer? Would love to see you guys!
My iPhone battery
Im down 4 whateva homie. A tour is rite up my alley rite now cuz Im a month from droppin.
Getting my car inspected and learning about clouds from a cgi cartoon show. Cumulus clouds to be exact, they're out when the suns out.
Got Rock & Republic jeans from costco..
Hey, How are you? Sure, I'm free mostly after 6 as I got a full time gig at an agency. Cheers
u think your Pack will be able to F wit the next season?
woo hoo, def keep me updated on the panel.
jus saw an insane stat. jordan had 109 playoff games with 30 or more points WHAT?!
You sang perfectly tonight! Stay strong!
Let the Jeremy Lin show continue
Hey friends! Do you have any #interview advice (or articles) you can share? I'm trying to get prepared for the next interviews. Thank you!
Guess who's getting promoted to an assistant manager?........... ME
lack of concern ftw
Halftime GR up 39 to 24 on Dream Vision
it's a good story, but speaks to state of right now, they have RI rely on him
Congratulations to Marsha Lindsay, Lindsay Stone & Briggs, for 2012 WI Trailblazer award for women in business!
Celebrating a special event? FREE hour and FREE bottle of champgne at ***** Limousine (5-Star Limos). Only w/ a
no. -_- ugh. i think it's because my battery is low.
Student entrepreneur brings baked goods to campus
ohh haha sorry! ill stop now :p
Sent you my FB from
good night cody school tomorrow lots of love<3
Per Some working on #Dodgers sale closing have described deal as 1 of, if not the, most complex transactions in their careers
I say i love u reply i live you
Has Foresee taken over the entire web now? Now getting their popups on noncommercial sites like the Library of Congress.
I Love Quoting Songs. :)
Bitch Bend Ova
If you #standwithwalker you stand with the only Governor whose state had a statistically significant loss of jobs in 2011 (-24K jobs in WI)
lol yea I do
you "did" is past tense what happened?! Lol
should be in your inbox, just fill out all the info so we know we're getting you the right shirt size and all that
whenever you are free let's do this shit man
Then I wouldn't be the only one in the bar getting exited about early results...
i miss u holly, come cuddle with me under the blanket, i saw u retweet that ya sick freak
RT : yes its one of my areas | great, we are always looking for contributions.
It's not?! That's exactly what I thought they were doing!
Sounds perfect!
then why in dm you told me not to call you that?
was there any name calling or cussing?
just saw fat actress for the first time a few days ago n its so good. so mad i didnt have channel b4 n had to miss out on it
I agree with Barkley "terrible call" Completely BS call. Stren should toss the ref out too for incompetence..
thanks homie.....I know what that means then...#InsidersOnly lol
$100 on brewers cubs this weekend or what?
It's amazing how Jack Zdurencik screw and fooled Cash twice by NOT trading Cliff Lee and by trading damaged Pineda for our top prospect.
Thanks for the mention! We love #luxurious Downtown #SanDiego, too!
kinda/sorta but I'm not complaining. I'm fine, I'll live lol.
Have a good drive back! call me if ya wantt :)
We just got followed by some creep in his car&the 2nd time around, he waved so we ran through a parking lot when he took a different street.
Hot, dry climates promote the production of capsaicin, the chemical that makes a hot pepper hot.
- I like that hair buddy! Thanks for the encouraging meeting today - keep up the great work and we are here for you!
Gonna try something new with my hair for tomarrow. Wish me luck.
lolololol. RT Really? -_- RT: Me and get clay and the first thing she says is "Imma make a toilet"
Social Media Tip: Be sure to add a "call to action" at the end of all your blog entries & video posts; it makes your content more engaging.
And apparently I went to high school with that dude.
think of it this way, if doesn't sound awesome right this minute, go back to bed, you're sleepy!
Getting geared up for a busy day at #archives: processing, William H. Seward exhibit prep, #digitization project work, Oh My!
Haha Charles Barkley looks like Madea with that wig!
Our aspirations are wrapped up in books.
!!! How did you swing that?
#bbw Kesha was that ur white side that walked away cuz it dam sure wasn't ur black Tammy u r mad fukn weak an Evelyn u scared of Tammy lol
#Mornings like these are the Bestest!!! *5x snooze, hazelnut coffee, CHOCOLATE muffin*
Recording session in May. Can't stop lovin' on the music. Lilly's tonight. Come get a taste!!
once you choose a platform, you're pretty locked in right now. Damn you, DRM!
Crashing on the new iPhone software hm
I want to go on a weekend get away. But when? Hm.....
Hanging with nala and Nathan :)
Can we get a RT for $3 Microbrew day! Also, the patio is open!
you mean I can stop my uncontrollable guessing at the Trivia answers now? LOL THANK YOU!!!
Great stuff this morning. Election results, dancing with Patrick Paolantonio, and tips on cheap travel
We are hoping for some new tunes soon!
No immediate plans for Android
Do it! Let me know how it was!
we agree. RT : Breakfast should always be served with a manhattan
Amy Winehouse toxicology reports showed 'no illegal substances' via
It doesn't make a difference if we win it or not, we've got each other and as a class we're one. Our journeys not done!
She followed me a long time ago!!! Did she RT me??? :)
The Fakers can't handle the youth of OKC or the the better deeper team of the Spurs
i beat slow or i could hit it fast, do it how she ask, and cum last.
#dug2011 understanding the DataONE cyberinfrastructure. It can be as simple as providing access to your data using their API suite.
Females this generation are more concerned about getting a "Nigga with money" versus being with a "Man with intelligence and wealth"
....u got choked slam made me happy! you AA kane made the kids happy...still hate ur character but much respect for u personally
Can I stay with you on April 20th for Gallery night? Allison invited me to her opening.
just making sure. i finally got your personal<3
Hey thanks! would you be interested in helping a journalism student w/a feature? I could email ?s.
On the train back to
"The U.S. electoral system doesn’t reflect the changing views of the population." & why not? Doh! I've been saying this
Oh, if thats what you'd like. :)
"Let them be mad... If you don't like my music, don't listen!"
Is there a format/moderator?
I M YOUR HOOKER :3
WZRD Is My Fav Project By You Bro! LOVE HARD!!!
no fitness center charge for Hilton guests
How can sane people stand to watch Fox News?
Rolling thru Jefferson on my way to pick up my lil turd from school jamming to that xo till we overdose
How come you go to Cali all the time? it's not like GRANDerz in other states want to see/meet you. that's just GRAND -_-
please welcome our newly acquired office in Boulder We now serve the entire front rage of Denver w copiers & Business Eqiup
Post game pressers should be interesting
now do you see a QB comp in Houston if Chase keanum dose good in preseason
Very talented. Slow motion takes lots of skill :)
I'm fuming and offended right now.
Trying really hard to breathe before I call - is it really possible to screw up this many things in a period of two weeks? Seriously.
Lmao stack looking stupid
Valu-Pass members join together in order to take advantage of group buying power.
I love the playoffs. No matter what sport you're watching, it's always awesome.
in normal situations I would throw a fit, but my hands are fairly tied in this instance
Got about another hour
are you looking for a place?
I love my Droid... But I guess not all Droids win! :)
Life is like Facebook. People will "like" your problems and comment, but no one will solve them because everyone is busy updating theirs.
Just found out that my neighborhood will be the first to evacuate in Manhattan - Battery Park (Tribeca)-we'll know tomorrow
The most important show The Rise of Science will every play! Friday, Dec. 18th, Vibe Lounge - 60 North Park Avenue,Rockville Centre,NY
"A man can't be a women, and a women can't be a man..not now not every" why"B'cuz God said is not right"-Bishop Gates!
I was in New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Texas, Mexico, Detroit and Cincinnati in the past 7 days. I guess you can say i was on tour.
If anyone needs me I'll be in my childhood bedroom listening to Manchester Orchestra for the next 8 hours.
LAUGH. NOW. I COMMAND YOU TO LAUGH.
Thanks for the FF, enjoy the weekend!
I really wish I had a different way of viewing things
Hooligan Don't let people makeU doubt how great Ureally R &U can't let what people say 2make themselves feel superior hurt you.
Band practice at AMP Rehearsal in NoHo went awesome today, and much to our surprise Kim Kardashian was in the room down the hall from us:)
W.beyondthescoreboard.net report card coaches challenge mark Jackson maybe just what this team needs moving forward
you're sexy.
I hope #Santorum wins #ohio just to prove all the #Romney prognosticators wrong. Cheerleaders!
Hey hun! NAKED...the drink, the shampoo or just one of those days.LOL
Love this!!!!
Paperwork, artwork, and master CD are off to to produce a run of CDs for the New Mexico EP by (via )
everyones calling him a bust, but ill see it out, hes huge
sent that link. you check it?
worked up a sweat cleaning the bathroom - so I am counting that as chores and gym.
All 4 TV stations are back at the Julie Ann Bronson trial for 1st time since beginning. Word must have gotten out defendant will testify.
Thanks for RTs, William!
We are excited!
A lot of people are sketch.. Be careful.
hey Propel! Got a question for ya...
well, I don't think they're that frustrated now. :)
Join the hottest Las Vegas discount club! choose from restaurants, dentists, rental property, lodging, auto repair..
Channeling my inner Zack Morris as I plot out the best April Fools' Day prank.
lol, with a pen. Maybe the plan was to get stabbed and then sue you and get rich... seems flawed somewhere...
I ran into some of your people at the Left Forum. Our projects are somewhat similar, even if perspectives slightly different
Sweet Prom Dress » Blog Archive » replica corum bubble.replica ...
what were/are you numb from?
come one he gets a duck! A duck! Then he gets weird on a dude and shoots a guy.
Come sample a delicious variety of artisan wines today from 12-2 at Pastoral!
I liked those bands before you even liked the genre, bitch.
Kerry Wood embodies the #Cubs better than any other Cub in the history of the Cubs. Close, but no cigar.
sometimes I don't watch it all day. Just so I don't hear the bad news.
LOL! I only watch hockey when I'm sleeping with a chick who's a fan. RT : Y'all niggas really acting like y'all watch hockey huh
i have to work out..... ttyl well in like 30 mins
thank you
Wakeboarding season is about to kick into full force!
no you isn't!!!
I don't get a lot of tweets out at the Stape because 1) AT&T sucks 2) I like to enjoy the game. has you covered.
Let's be real. Nobody is a "friend" everyone is out for themselves
Wedding Dues Lead to Don'ts As wedding season gets under way, many couples are learning that exchanging vows in a public park can come wi
My prediction: Flash is the future IE6. I'm just saying.
will do! We will be inviting all of the panelists to present, once we have a firm date and location. :)
#time to make a beat ,3 a day takes the pain away
I will peel you like a grape...
many thanks for spreading the word. LR
Wow.. what a game that was !! Can you believe of all people it was Brett Favre that made the mistake at the end of the game :(
Thanks for your live tweets. Is there a transcript or overview?
took economics AND had her for $49.95.
BlogWorld Moves Western US Event Back to Las Vegas - MarketWatch (press release)
Thanks very much.
well thts not nice
With great power comes a great electric bill
#TTLCHI Future of SEO - Faster results, less traffic, more competition and no room for amateurs -
Hi right back at ya! Enjoying the smells of the goodness?
YOU ARE TO BE EATEN BY A FLESH EATING SLOTH!
That's RESPECT! Members of FCS are singing with Aretha Franklin and Barry Manilow in D.C., July 4. If home, they can be seen/heard on PBS.
#amazingperformances = Re-watched #TomHanks in Philadelphia. Astoundingly powerful.
I had sleep paralysis nightmares all night again. This is why I hate sleeping.
Loved the way you played this year. You were a true Bronco and were the heart of the Offense.Good luck next year.
Good lord, its going to pain me to root for #Barca in the #championsleague semis. Maybe i'll just root for an earthquake instead.
Alright Alright Alright!!!
To have nothing to spare, you need to live each day as if it was your last.
yes. Mom drove from OL to Oak Park in under an hour (more like 40 min). Hearing the Kennedy is wide open, maybe Dan Ryan too?
lakers' announcers were thoroughly confused when rudy donned the
Paula Abdul.
Hey - federally recognized marriage equality, honored in all U.S. states, territories, & protectorates - right?
thanx that was very nice of you
Losers live in the past. Winners learn from the past and enjoy working in the present toward the future. -Denis Waitley
Finally in the theatre
Can't stop watching Gotta love Netflix!
Just did a writing session with one love!!! The song sounds awesome! Kyra #live U
going to the city for the Parade, having a blast with my friends & 8 years ago kissing for the 1st time the man who would become my husband
If it's free, it's advice; if you pay for it, it's counseling; if you can use either one, it's a miracle. - Jack Adams
pretty serious
Thanks! I usually do. :)
Sorry. There :)
Jack Johnson playing in Marshall's..
Thanks for the follow!
Around the corner from me, they've been out there since 6:30am. First thought, obvs, they were shooting Law & Order.
We like that this is trending today on :
YES!! #teamsheikie ...you're the best! Lol
RT The 5k books of #thepeopleslibrary have been thrown in the trash #ows Well that's some bullsh*t right there
#MobWives so nice to Frenimies can sit down like grown woman and agree to disagree an move on!! Your a Bigger Better Person! Good Mommies!
It's a lost cause.
A friends friend brings dog to strip club. Stripper asks if dude is blind and says this isn't a place that blind people usually go to
Happy 1st Birthday to my daughter, Madison Claire Berry!
Are you familiar with Donna Leon? Set in Venice. Start withnDeath at La Fenice.
Ask to be shown the lesson, or solution which addresses how to make corrective action.
check out the new fan page
Trent Richardson... O my lord
#WeLoveChristian your true fans will always be there for you <333333 no matter where you go in life
Can't see 'em 'cause the money in the way.
So far Pedro's not making me look like a fool for booing him. I thank him for that
the most late...
It is #VanityFriday! Are you in your TVP swag?
i followed (:
Won our soccer game! Part of the tournament:)
lol what good im new to twitter
Envisioning Creative Collaboration Between Faculty and Technologists! by Gail Rathbun, Sally Kuhlenschmidt and David Sacks
- Hope your show is going AMAZING!!!!
Toros and Charge in over time!! Come on Toros we believe!!!!
Dear Scouts, Are you shopping? May we suggest:
Just wanted to say I love your life classes. so helpful! Love the shows on OWN!! You make television that's worth watching!!
At the movies with about to watch The Avengers
The four NH officers hospitalized: Scott Kukesh (Newmarket) Jeremiah Murphy (Rochester) Eric Kulberg (UNH) Gregory Turner (Dover)
I hate when lil girls b dressing like hoes like seriously gur get some shit to cover them baby tits nobody wanna c that shit
my fucking dog is a little asshole. just bit me AGAIN!!! wtf cant wait till its original owers take the little rat back
exactly what happened last year!
sounds like the most epic episode EVER.
Bobby Knight
Never! I suspect you will get more than a few inquiries about internships shortly.
I'm going to start recording my new single next Tuesday. The meeting today went well and I can't wait to start recording this song!
what kind of music is this Hot Mess?
Haven't tweeted in a while... But I'm up and headed to set right now!
aight cool. Big game tomorrow. Omaha is stacked.
i wonder if panhandling would be a better career for me
Only 2 days left to buy "Wine Country" for $200.00 on my blog. Visit http:dmgartstudio.blogspot.com to view or purchase the painting.
Of all comic book films I put it at #4 behind Dark Knight, Spiderman 2 and Iron Man. All 4 get A grades.
You left out the part where I pointed and said it was you who spilled it. :)
We are still developing designs for our product, so we'd love feedback & ideas!
"In housing, credit is still tighter than it needs to be,” Tim Geithener tells "It's still too tight."
Looking at my HS yearbook and there's a section to write down your goals in life....Im way behind...lol
I almost had to go haul hay today.. but we got out of it.. whew
I so appreciate my black leaders. I am sitting across right now having dinner w Dick Gregory. A man who I have admired for years.
We're in 107 behind the Padres dugout. The Angels Red should be well represented!
add me on facebook trying to connect more with my followers!
makin bagels
IT'S A BEAUTIFUL DAY!!! XP
#shopping #eating! #bonfire #sleepover <333
I miss you :(
THANKS CLYDE...WORKING IT HARD BRO...T/F/S...
Happy Earth Day!
After Deadline: Courtesy and History
Hahaha good! Now you have plenty working for your own station! LOL
Before you get he right answer you need to search and ask the right questions
That fucker still has my Gladiator sweatshirt.
She talk that shit to you! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
People in bitchy moods<<<<<<
New patient special! $49 for teeth cleaning, full set of xrays and consultation with Dr Rutley www.dentistryofdelmar.com
I want a pit so bad, but my mom wont let me have a dog.
i didn't think i would ever say this but i literally hate everything right now.
Today's gift card winner is VALERIE JAMESON. Congratulations!
Yo Darren - you can't get better seats?
"Don't do drugs because if you do drugs you'll go to prison, and drugs are really expensive in prison." -John Hardwick
Ok the battles is over thanks for tuning in im out jones!!!!
Who was taught how to formulate a treatment plan in entry level?
my EYES ARE heavy and i still gtta make sure i call you uh fml lol
Sometimes I feel like I don't even wanna do this sh*t anymore...
NYC, thank God we survive Earthquake and we survive Hurricane Irene in less than a week, what is next?
FEDDEX says so lol someone will need to sign for it
Best #Christmas discussion topic: if there was a feature film made about your family, who would play each member?
Our songs are like a little road map you can listen to!
No no no no
" I wish I could grow a mustache like that guy!"---- me, from 8th grade on
Austin Mahone + Alex Constancio = Best friendship ever. Austin Mahone + Mahomies = Best relationship ever.
We r holding a benefit for on April 28 ,would u b able 2 donate something autographed we can raffle off?
we should do something collaborative, wouldn't that be fun?
PDX-Need help in Portand Sunday. Help dismantle wheelchair ramp and truck to move it to NE PDX. That's it! Not reassembling yet. email us.
That's the sign (and challenge) of a committed professional :-)
No problem, Siemens Energy World HQ is one of my former customers and am aware of these issues thru friends there.
Missing #HCIL symposium hoping people will tweet talks/sessions
RT : Been using for a few months now. TCO for our "second car" is $400/year. Access > Ownership.
Cowboy Nation!!!
Matt, let's make this happen. Sorry we didn't get to chat last night. Can you DM me your email?
Awww I <3 my bffl, she makes me smile!!
Happy Valentines Day!! come in for some great deals..
I'm with give me grass clippings candle. A macho candle might make me to hungry
kinda weird when you see someone with like 40,000 tweets but they only have like 300 followers
Gerald Laird. He is SO funny!
Approximately 25% of those living with HIV are women. HIV does discriminate.
thx but if u knew me u wouldn't say that :) plus follow my new account :)
What happened to the ICONic Boyz being dancers? Now they're models. I know why Vincent left now.
This day just keeps getting better and better....FREE cone day at Ben and Jerry's today only!!!
I hate when I think I have an original joke and hear a stand-up using it.
so....fall da fuck back...he's mine...
and and!! Twitter baby momma and daddy don't forget;p
just hoping & praying! lol.
this cold makes me sound like i'm constantly doing a zooey deschanel impression
Wish there was a way to get rid of my Dell payments.... No job is making it really hard to scrape enough money to pay it each month...
No turnovers. No penalties. Good coaching wins games.
that swag moment when your at macys trying on coats and say "taxi" like and feel like a boss.
Amazing how quickly things evolve and take off. Funny thing is that same prosperity can decline just as quickly as it came.
That's almost identical to the one I just upgraded to. Only difference is the processor. Did your mic work out of the box?
Hey Pretties!! Enjoy your weekend and kiss your mom for us, k!
Chuck Strong has banned all local media from covering his football team because they gave too much attention to the bball Final Four.. huh?
Learning some great iPad apps at the #appleeducation learning tour!
Norwood MA (and Arthur Hightower can confirm that)
Don't cold call me & persist in your script while getting my name wrong, despite my efforts to correct you.Why should I listen if you don't?
I've got a strange feeling about this game. Rondo needs to start doing some Good Rondo-ey things.
well then there's that
Thanks for the shout-out! RT : Get your trivia on tonight (and enjoy a three-piece, fried chicken dinner with two sides...
i don't understand when adults say sports keeps kids outta trouble & drugs. lol you make more friends, therefore more connections ;p
It's wrong of me, probably, but I like it. Nice graphic design.
Per the American Pie Council (), today is #NationalPieDay; please take a moment to remember all the pies that have gone before us.
Another night of college hoops. I'll be sending ku good vibes while at the kstate duke game.
The first run of my #LocalBandQ&A was pushed back to next Friday. Be sure to check out the interview with
Great fact! And nobody knows it better than a mother, teacher, or nanny!!
Atlantic Avenue BID Makes Plans to Improve District - DNAinfo Atlantic Avenue BID Makes Plans to Improve District DNAinfo Holiday lightin
hahah first time in leesburg, second at pent city.
Hope yer week is going well! I'm packed and ready to jet to NY! :)
All the design one needs... body { font-family: 'Comic Sans'; }
We sure do love our cartographic metaphors in religious studies.
iDONT GOT TiME 4 CHiLDiSH ASS FEMALES
The awkward moment when a teacher tells u to watch ur language on twitter.#stalkermuch :)
If you test , maybe you can share your experience on Creative Flux? Would love to have you as part of the community:)
since you don't fuck wit your Boi no more I might come fuck with you tonight how bout that???lol
im on my way
so how's your trip going so far? hope your having a badass time!
woohoo! You run faster then me thats for sure.
So much excitement over fast economic growth rates in Africa, but shouldn't improved social mobility be another indicator to observe?
Our heart's in #SanFrancisco + #Denver. Happy to have staff from here today.
CATTLE DECAPITATION: New In-Studio Video Footage Posted ...
Did you play last year for the Fever?
Were having a BIG Industry dinner party Saturday. All Promoters/DJ's/Dancers/Bartenders/Hosts invited.
Madison!!! Madison! Please RT or Follow? :D I would totally start freaking out ;O thats all im asking :) #MadSwag 2
#MyCelebCrushIs <3 keep up the good work(:
Adorable! Enjoy some quiet time!
Tuesday means #Trivia @ 8pm! Let’s test your comedy knowledge! What is the name of the school in the TV show “Community”?
I have to take a different approach though because many can't handle straight talk. I'll keep switching it up until it works though.
Your a rapper? We are interested in featuring you on our webshow. Please contact us back if you are interested!
Were Austin's Army.
Turn on, tune in, drop your automators
I enjoy the fashion friday section of your website; we've been looking at a lot of the same things.
If you don't get enough of your #fruits & #veggies, consider drinking them once or twice in a "smoothie"! Always tastes #great & so #fresh!
A-MEN.
follow back please? I'm also a big fan of <3 (:
RT : Faith means not wanting to know what is true. – Friedrich Nietzsche
I neglect twitter unless i can't sleep...like now. we have a love/hate thing! its such a commitment lol but maybe we can make it work
No it didn't, still not working from the app. Even tried deleting & reloading.
#TEAMYCB TRYING TO GET YOU TO FOLLOW ASAP ... SHE FOLLOW BACK
I understand somf #wayy more than they know..
I hate to pay this car note but I would hate my life if I didn't have this car
Okay I'ma stop tweeting for a while....
making moves like I'm playing chess**>>what you've been up to?
you are seriously just a walking twitter ad, aren't you? :-)
saw you on couchsurfer...can we link up?
I just bet a six pack of I.C. Lite that the Pirates would finish above 500. This might be a better bet to lose.
just got your viva la glam lipstick!!
Wow, Thats One Cool Grandma!
Congrats to a handful of great folks who got engaged today!
I'm horny.
Firing up Check Your Head right now.
That's great! Will be glad to! Let me get caught up on these championship pics over the next couple weeks and I'll get it
you're guy amazing
#Fact. " drake provides wonderful life inspiration."
Good Luck today at CIF girls! and the other too that I dont have on twitter! :D
I'm not cranky, I just have a violent reaction to stupid people.
New England is so gorg right now with all the leaves changing colors!
Keep one hand on the dump button and one on your dumper for a variety of safety reasons.
Happy about all my friends that came 2 visit the new place yesterday!! :) Can't wait 4 a housewarming!! It's coming along nice.
this is your payback game too! I hope you are going to join the #BBN WE ARE GR8 COMPANY!
I'm sure these other states have wine tastings also. I know its not the same but it may help. :)
The devil is tempting me. Free nachos and whip cream on my coffee. No and no. Satan be gone!
We'd love to get some Revolution Cider at the bar! Let's set something up soon!
haha heck yes!
i don't ever dress up, i always come casual. Haha
thanks! happy holidays : )
We'll be in Greenwood this Thursday for dinner w/ at Chase Bank at County Line Road and US 31 South.
hey what are you doing for spring break?
Men Using Kazakh Flag to Collect Trash May Face Jail
Every day Romney doesn't wrestle someone to the ground and cut their hair is a day his staff breathes a little easier.
Threshold (NASDAQ: THLD - News) appoints Tillman Pearce, M.D. as its Chief Medical Officer.
Happy 18th birthday. We love you <33333
Looking for a SAP HCM Functional Analyst in Houston. Great company, great benefits - direct hire. Will pay for relocation.
kissing you thru the IPhone!
Chillin with Mena. I love this weather.
NOW, you're trying harder .
Good thing everything went fine, since there were updates to the Linux kernel, mkinitcpio, and uDev....
Finally talked with my Baby So now I can go to bed. I love
Put yo Aces in the right places.
Soo tired... But i have to make it to the library then class at 6:30 ugh!
What was it?!
hahaha yes. But exhausting, as well...
Our EBSCO databases are back up!!
And finally... for President! Thus ends this week's series of political tweets. Have a nice day:)
wat a finish to the season #OMG I love it!!
treatment for what? There's no creeper rehab
Sounds like a busy morning. Dont wear yourself out... ;-)
HOPEFULLY SHE DOESN'T KNOW WE'RE TWEETING BOUT HER
And now "pig floppy" David Ortiz just hit his 2nd HR of the game
Yes, Max, us Americans get capitalism.
Metcalf said that Dickerson said that when he tweets a book, say, he has zero sway in sales. I *highly* doubt that.
Right now on the , dishes out "Real Sports, Real Dirt".
I cannot even begin to express my excitement for the return. And to Brooklyn! Wow, I have such trendy friends.
: Where's the Bean Fest?
71 Days Till Worlds (:
Watching #faceoff loving that it's about #HungerGames love that movie!!
boy, they are kicking ass in the west. just smashing teams. think they only lost 1 game in the playoffs.
biggest belly, Irish Car bomb race, & shortest jean shorts.
Nice tool w/ photo notes, too. MT The app LocPix - search & view digital photo archive of Library of Congress - free in iTunes.
#nowplaying I got the magic in me
Even coming from me?
SALAD 4 DAYS IN A ROW, IM ON A ROLL!!!!!
morning tweepers \m/
Just closed on a 500k home! Very nice transaction!
So, we KNOW Luck and Griffin will be the first 2 picks in draft, then prob Kalil/Claiborne/Richardson. And that will take at LEAST an hour.
bought out our first event but starting Sunday we will have tickets for #DownTheRabbitHole available! Pass it on...
Good morning #strangers (^_^) Go download our first Single Flatlined for FREE!!! It'll start your day off with a bang!
I had tortilla chips and beer for dinner. And sadness.
Have you come to expect certain questions from fans who have the opportunity to meet with you?
Quit w the fake tears
well not sure. Some say it's a joke...some say mid-life crisis...I say if u wanna good laugh..This is it!!! U gotta watch it
See you then!
Hey i like your video with Austin. Haha so funny 'HighSchoolMusical" hahaa loll xD
thx! We watched their final presentation at Launch DePaul and thought the same.
So excited for Christmas weekend!!
nothing chilling
NIGGA OVA HERE ACTIN LIKE A BITCH BUT I AINT GONE SAY NO NAMES
Thanks for sharing. I just might borrow these personas for a few marketing projects in the works!
I'm getting acquainted with Siri. I like her A LOT.
bruh that reminds me of you, could easy be one half of a tag team #crymetime #
T Rowe
I can tell bro.
what does the message say??????
It's almost Turkey Day...one week from tomorrow! Fresh or Frozen? -Kristin Burns
#classaction = power to the people! (Yes, I was around back in the 60's)
#ff my favorite form of therapy:
Yes, it's true. I know one that took 3 years!
(I'm told the table won't actually be round, but it should be a good discussion anyway). ;)
Definitely getting that!
Everyone should go follow my other account
not even bitch
forgot the NFL draft is tonight
Been ice fishing since 7:00 am, but as of right now, our walleye dinner is looking pretty meager. #LittleHelp?
No, but picking fights at all slights is pretty senseless as well.
thanks Chris.....HS drama.....it will be fine!
THANK YOU!!! MISS HELEN!
Go get a discount "ENJOY13" www.brandonethree.bigcartel.com
And they are black! What more evidence is needed?
voted about 100 times in the past minutes no regrets you deserve this(:
Happy Easter! Make it a great day!
First day of exams. LET'S DO THIS
No sure if I wanna watch & Kourtney take New York... I refuse to support money hungry celebrity's !
you should probably be following
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe When people texts me back "K"
If I Die Tomorrow let me meet Justin Bieber.
TONIGHT COME AND WATCH THE RAYS TAKE ON THE YANKEES FOR A SPOT IN THE MLB PLAYOFFS!!! GAME STARTS AT 7PM.
in the field of hc, i think public health is a huge area that is/has the potential to be an equalizer
If you're playing the Brent Musberger 'Honey Badger' drinking game. Stop you're in the danger zone.
Automated Tweet
Heading to the meeting
With school that is.....
I can handle such a task.
I don't waste my breath calling a woman a bitch because 1. It's disrespectful and 2. They call themselves that too much, so I don't have to.
We would love to see the Form play. Woot!!
Our 25th Conference, now has a theme: "25 Years of Geospatial Collaboration." Come collaborate with us in September!
Happy Palm Sunday!
Fish is done!
I might be seeing you tomorrow if I can talk mom into it haha! :D
Great victory tonight on the Pond boys!
scales teach u to do the same thing in each hand but not to rub tummy & pat head unless u get creative
Lol my teachers!!!
i think your retarded...there sexy!
just gave me hope!!
Tattoo appointment later...
Dyin' my hair all black again or half of it black :)
Even in emerging markets, Nokia&#39;s star is fading
Grossest Pc ever.
My backyard looks like Wrigley Field!! Pretty excited about it. @
RT I'm only 75 pgs through ur book #sunstandstill & it is already challenging, encouraging & inspiring me so much.
Colleen, that's more than half the battle!
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-36
Sounds like fun! Love the possibilities for growing excitement about books and reading.
Thanks:D
Winner of the Woody Gutherie award for best book in popular music studies: Karl Hagstrom Miller's Segregated Sound
Regner leads discussion on : Playoffs, play vs Penguins, need for a proven scorer, trade deadline.
Development of The Housesitter began in July of 2010 principle photography wrapped on September 21st 2011
Oh god so MUCH I had a GASM LOOKING AT IT!! Ill send it to you dm
I've always listened to you, Plum! But you know me, I need processed food to actually believe it!
Watching The Fifth Element. Love this movie.
Good stop by the D, holding atm to a field goal, cutting the Texas lead to 5.
going to the lake late and sit there to watch the sun come up
Me n my bro hit a couple spots got #L'd up nigga u make it to da crip yet nigga lol......
i like when i see people true colors
Back off sweetheart!
Why do you not allow clients to follow you on facebook?
"#GalaxyNexus is well-traveled, coming to from #Samsung. Unveiled in #HongKong,out in the #UK, available in #US in..? (hints?)
I feel like no one reads my tweets.
Tomorrows newsletter will be featuring , it's a shame it can't include a dancing video.
Driving home after a fabulous night w/ ... We talked James. We saw James. We MET & then ate Jim's steaks !!!
Someone msg me-_-
looks like and I will be teaching #ds106 this summer over full 10 weeks. Fully online course.
Where we going?
I've absolutely loved hanging out with you the past couple days! Can't wait to see you more :))
Trying to figure out how Google+ works and if I need another social networking site to keep up with...
Are you blind? If not then shut the F up
First day back with the boys from home.
go to burger king and get a croissandwich. Pretty sure that's authentic French cuisine.
So far my favorites include...Dancing Days, Going to California, Misty Mountain Hop, Tangerine...
my cat wants attention, so he's half hanging off of my bed and just staring down at me.... god damnit you're so cute
grateful for - you have my respect and my love. you're family
I wish something would change.
Having 3 hours of sleep is not ok why can't I sleep
The things I've done for tequila!
1 city to eat in for the rest of your days. Where & Why? Just based on food.
last night a guy asked if he could DJ 3 techno songs. He said he was a dj but all he used was the music on his phone.
im buying her an iphone for her birthday. lmao
Yes, Wilders thinks its a fascist book, but his point is merely that accdg to Dutch Mein K. law, the K should be banned as well
anyone else hear KG yell "i shit on you" as he made that block?!
looks great on 30 Rock! Way to go!
Decide whether you want to invest your own money, or want to get a loan, or partnership with convenient terms would be better
You're well-versed in Mill's On Liberty I see
Everyone that lined up should be denied the emergency exit rows. If not, don't get on the flight.
Don't Leave Something Good To See If You Can Find Better , Because Once You Realize You Had The Best , The Best Found Better .
Just makes me angry at myself. Trusted the guy. He not only had another girlfriend while dating me, but left me with bills.
lEe tOo TyPE. W ThE M wiT U?
Just finished RHONJ. It was like RHOA fights. What a shame with family. Somebody really does need to leave the show.
It's just great to have such a quiet week, in the news, so I can focus on work!
RT by rule, the defense cannot get the ball. That is the rule.
h20 for elephants.
Looks at self... when did i grow into someone who could speak when something was on my mind. <U+E402> growth.
And you know it!
I'm trying lol
I think there is some discrimination going on at these places for people and we should let banks not do this. Had a MRI cause I fainted.
Someone come and make me some food :p
I have no idea what shoes anyone wears. Sorry.
is now studying at the Director's Playhouse under Martin Donovan
o boy, you're already smokin <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
yes I am.
A fantastic post, Jenn. Loved it.
Ouch! Rooting for the home team.
Take a walk on your lunch
just started watching #ColumbusCircle - will let you know what I think
im alright i am hungry but nothing else and you 'mylady' ;) hahaha (butler)
gaaah. I can help u with algebra too hahaha
Super thankful to have the type of friend who helps you move out of your apt- not once, but THREE times in 3 diff cities on 2 continents.
Really! What do you think about ugly, negative ads - someone says it works but... I think negativity is the problem in Washington!
rediculous...dude's a freakin actor. The calls are too lopsided
Up and out: going to Peets for coffee with friends
Listening to Loeb talk about Overton Square renovation. This Cooper Young resident very excited!
hahaha omg yes(: what row are you in?
no problem
Last night was epic. I hope someone documented the events because I can't remember all the details
Check out all of our YouTube videos at www.youtube.com/Promolast - Lex Luger, DDP, Kimberly, Ernest Miller, Ron Simmons, and more!
Topics for today: the War of 1812, the Crimean War, copy edits, and thinking about the Next Big Project.
Not tripping off you people is too short!!!
Yeah, he taught me how to hold my tongue ~
I'm great also... I went running with my homeboy this morning and I'm feeling energized lol
Thanks for the tips. I've been avoiding 2-step Google authentication, thinking it would be cumbersome, but it was really simple.
the bowery electric may 20th in NYC! How about that my brother!
Opened my math book and started on cheer formations instead
"Robert is discovered sitting on the boulder, his chin resting on his hands, staring out toward the horizon seaward."- BEYOND THE HORIZON
Memo: use "radtastic" in a convo at some point today RT : Just got another batch of cards today. They look radtastic.
I wanna snuggle n only his arms will do.
Hello! We are a music school est. 1914 in East LA and currently in Boyle Heights since the '40s. Right off the #CicLAVia route!
I hate all of you for making me HATE.
No prob! Actually, this dude gave me the heads up! :) Good to see you, lady!
Thank you for the follow! cutting edge rendering
“I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I’m awake, you know?”
What? Ninja moves are better than most dance moves pal...
Watching the Jonas Brothers Concert movie... good old memories
Tell me if you like my song
Up Doing Some Work For ...Setting Her E-mail Up With The Site & Finalizing Stuff
Major difference, of course, is that Bush actually said that line. Obama has never said he is "still sweet on Putin."
"bitches these days"
#SXSWtrailer rain or shine, we are still open till 4pm! Come get your tacos!
Amen RT Not rootin for them but I hope Seattle beat the 49ers
Looking for an #expat #career in
I know right. I have the most amazing life and friends (online).
: thanks for the #FF! Back at ya!!
No severe weather here in Houston. Just another muggy day. How's the weather in your part of the country?
can't wait to see you again! Jingle Ball will be Epic!
Working! Good morning!
Just finished up Shaun T's Ab Sculpt Hip Hop Abs workout. Loving this program, great music & I love dancing!
Additional volunteers needed to set up the book sale next Wed. June 15, 12 - 5 pm at the Catherine McAuley Gymnasium.
Do you know what time? >> MT : 's leading a teach-in Sunday about where Wall St money ends up on K St!
Hey. Dark and cryptic. Keep tweeting, ok?
Let the barneys hit the floor
I can't talk, so I like to type! gave me a voice. I used to do back flips and dunk. Now I do back flips, dunk & tweet.
Since it's National Sleep Awareness Week, I suggest they supply us with cots in the office. Or maybe just a pillow for my desk.
I just saw a black fkn ghost!!!!!! O__O.shitting bricks!
Say it like it is! "Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with." - Bach
There comes a time in every Man's life, he's gotta decide: If he's gon' stand up & fight, or gonna lay down and Die
Yes that is a good idea!! Im in! Lol i love shopping!
AAAAAAARGH! I need to wash my eyes now. I don't like spiders!
Awesome browse
I'm 3rd coast born..and texas raised
Kenneth Wainstein, former U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia joined Cadwalader's D.C. office from O'Melveny & Myers.
Ya bunch of fugazi's
"When your mind says give up hope whispers one more try"
Looks like another beautiful day! :)
RT #50ThingsIHate 7. people who think they are better than others
Searches that brought people to my website: university blue book; graph discussion and conclusion on heaven and hell among college students
#nowplaying Nine in the Afternoon by Panic! At the Disco
You can't let them get to you Ocho just keep being you and the wins will come!
Can't sleep
Interesting lessons in attention today. I have two black eyes and several patches of road rash on my face. Fascinating who saw it and not.
Day 28: Ted Martin.
YO kosherbeets (at) aol (dot) com ... been told one of yous that !
because we can. Tybg
I am coming to New York in March to talk. 5 Keys To Unlock Better Behavior: all ages, stages, abilities. Can we talk?
Thank you for all your support!
One more hour till our team goes on outreach in City Heights!
almost done writing. Next, go visit a high school friend in ICU. Then, cleaning house. I know, don't be jealous.
RT sure glad i went to that show.
omg do I need help then?! lol :(
Good morning everyone ! :D
thanks so much for the re-tweets!
haha yes no need for my clients to see us
Can I die?
I'm glad to hear you had a good time.... We have lots more events coming up!
He does look so weird!
Thanks so much! Means a lot to us!
Is it just us, or did that first number sound like it wasn't over when the ad break started?
Do you want your home clean
damn i gotta get up and get dressed
It's Friday night and the Twinkies play at home - get great seats from PerfectTix for an awesome end to your work week!
RT : RT : James Dolan met with Carmelo on Thursday in LA, The Daily News has learned
Kyle Drabek was on Kennys radar. He wanted to give them Floyd for him. Drabek 2.00 era so far.
Opps that was the rum talking
im jealous ha I miss having the movie theater in the house
Some girls do too much.
over here being
Yes! Yes!
i have bridesmaids the town and boondock saints
HELL YEAH! Love the scene when he falls on top of Sandra Bullock!
not nearly as bad as that shameless plug disguised as a question :)
See why keeps her earplugs in,these broads messy & ratchet up here
Reggie.. Don't call it the Lebron James!! Any man can run anyone down for a block in the league!! Lol
hopefully at 4pm you have some new teammates named Branbon Carr & Vincent Jackson.
utilize your search engine RT RT : aisha tyler's pretty funny << never heard of her
Thanks for the follow mayville "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
Thanks for taking the time to come ride with us! Come back again soon!
Is thinking something not very nice about people wrong if it's true?
looks like it. rt is this legit?
First one is great! Really easy read and a page-turner, so suggest bringing a few books.
In Spanish (: HMU
Goin to slam heavy ass weights around and get my pump on. #gymtime . Yeah buddy! Planet fitness.
But im gna try & sleep it off
Ever wanted to meet a Playboy Playmate?! Now is your chance, and others are in Minneapolis this weekend!
thought I was the only one that saw that. Hate the Cards just a bit more now.
Playing defending nat'l champ Davenport today. Time to make a dream become reality and make it to the final four.
Launched my first project at my new job today!
Except the bully Irish boy. I wasnt having that. LOL
lazy ass girls lol!
i wish i had a job lowkey
I am so mad right now god pick u your phones!!!!!!
I'm not calling you a prostitute. They get paid, you don't.
"When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe, then you'll be successful"
Bonnalog ... rain, lightning now we have a festival
its like milf city out this bitch and they only 21, smh this can't be a good thing.
I cant wait for you to make me laugh and u r welcome..
Second trimester key for pregnancy weight gain
": Who's downloaded MatchDay 2012? What do you think of it?" I like the visual schedule, news linking to teams needs help
Somewhere in the world "Stalker" is playing on the radio ...
Went to the hotel's gym... very clean unlike in manila..
almost 300 followers <U+E415>
Cards fans are definitely feeling pretty good right now! Up 7-0..
Last 3 days of initial coaching engagement w/ client. They have SO many questions!
lol i guess not
SO glaad finals are over !
#TextMessagesFromAStalker Your uncle Charles said hello...
What do I do with my hands
I just made listen to The Final Countdown and other various 80s songs.
We are We are We are. Come get 1! RT is giving away FREE copies of Fahrenheit 451!! It's the best book ever!!
Did you know that we are exposed to over 3,000 marketing messages a day? How is your marketing setting you apart from the crowd?
Doing variations on the theme of Friday. Different people and activities, same Chinese food and drinking. For weeks now. It's going great.
i should've slept in
Man I was stupid drunk last night, and somehow I managed to network and I'm not hungover
Not even youngster like Giroux says this unless calculated. Confusing us on who to boo: him, Scottie, Jagr, all of the above?
Now I'm playing my 2nd tape "Da Undaground Diva" & done found sum songs on dere 4rm my FIRST TAPE "One Woman Show"!!!
Donut meet-up in the morning! For real this time.
Also check out 's group
All I wanted for xmas was a pair of ugg boots, but my veterinarian2b sis said they skin 6 sheep to make them.Guess I'll stick to "reg" boots
User-centered approaches continue to be a critically important part of research, teaching, and service
Have you sternuated today? Sternutation with your eyes open can be dangerous!
Sae Kenzie and Spencer at EKU today. Got a piercing. And some awesome pizza :)
your an idiot! Ohh yeah & a player get a life please!! -___-
Didn't mean to pin that on you. I appreciate your sharing it!
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay Football is stupid.
Never, ever fun!
did u braid ur hair yet, and are you going to braid it yourself? i'm thinking to get senegalese twist but i'm not sure?
hey i follow , if you follow
were lookin to expand #teamnasty in #macon, #athins and #rome ga if you down hit me up twitter me lol
What's more impressive…the spend itself or the impact of the acquisitions?
finally found out how to stop sending spam DMs thanks
...feel better and have a nice sweet with some tea.
hopes you had a good time!
remebering the past.
Taste of bittersweet.
So sleepy.
60% of the people that oppose you will have a lower level of education than you.
looking forward to watching the crowd go wild
It's not common sense if you never knew it.
Thanks for your kind words!
I hate the friend zone, found myself there couple times.
We may see the famous 50-Burger tonight!
Waxman tells me on Plan-B: "FDA is a science-based organization, and I think they gave her their recommendations based on the science" (1/2)
makes sense, just curious. Looking to upgrade myself, may go with the same or continue saving for 5D Mark ii
#ActorsAccess is hilarious. Spend a fortune to upload your reel, then have to pay per submission for casting to see it.
uses social media to give their business a face and personality
This is pretty entertaining. c:
Great seeing you tonight enjoyed our time chatting. Have a safe drive back to the city.
gunna wait till mom gets mad and she does it herself.
theres a reason why i normally dont go on twitter with the girl sitting on my RIGHT.
I AIN'T MAD.
One person at a time. RT : as a community we can make a difference, as people who care we impact the world.
He sped right on by No time for the gym But time for the doctor Was available to him. QuickGymCS.com!
RT: #Cancer will open your heart which will feel scary and exciting!
summer school -_- , pero 1d concert is closer, and plus im going with you guys i wont be alone
thanks! We are very excited as well!
May 21: Flight home mid-afternoon, alas!
I miss you! lol :) & Brandon with his jeggings haha
MICHAEL BAY SAYS "CHILLAX!"
going hiking in the drizzle through fields of cows by the lake.
Would you believe the $480M #AmwayCenter has a room with dirt floors!? I checked it out. Find out what's filling the space SOON. #WFTV at 6
Probably to early to tell what this means for the midtown tower condos; hopefully they still build without anchor tenant
Game time round 2,let's kick another final's ass
ohmygosh, i think that'd be perfect/hilarious to see !
This weather is PERFECT for the first day of Spring :)
come to The Hudson
Aw man. Bad print? That's a little disheartening!
Same. RT I can eat dolmas for days.
Record time!!... 6 minute final
" you ready to get jumped "
Congratulations and the EMMY goes to #RHOA for best display of CRABS IN A BARREL ..... especially
Seems like a fit RT Altitude should have a few slots available now that the Big Sky signed with Fox Sports/ROOT
i hope green tea kombucha cures the sneezes.
Gym Time everyone! Nothing like a 5AM game of hoop.
you, sir, had a good time last night.
One of the greatest victories you can gain over someone is to beat him at politeness.
Hey ladies!!!!!! If yo toes hangin off da front yo shoes scapin da ground, dem don't fit, borrow some yo size, DAMN!!!!!!
thank you so much :)
mca was in deep dodo when they laid off ir/ie staff leaving them #data blind.
dumb Dumb DUMB
Since Baltimore does not have a hockey team, Bmore fans can pick ANY team, a lot happen to choose the Caps.
agreed but id rather play the afc championship at home. Hopefully the broncos can do it again next week
Our CCO is also a former radio host and co host of Endless Fraud Detection Radio and is available for interviews
The young couple that just looked at the house next door seems cool. One can never be too careful.
We're playing a sexy-sweaty show tonight with Samantha Ronson at the Viper Room 11pm....playing a brand new jam...free guest list
he's rebounding over 6'8 person I excepted him to get Atleast 20
I have it on facebook and its public, but I may try to put it up on photobucket tonight. Do you have a suggestion for a host?
See its hard to maintain, when its hard stay..sane.
I still got this pounding ass headache <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
can you please follow me?!(: love you
I don't want to be reduced to Internet-shaming but I have been trying to get you to release a copy of my title for weeks.
... And, finally, to the Marc Steiner Show. Whew! Thanks, media partners, for being part of NewsTrust Baltimore.
OMG Harry Potter ebooks are FINALLY available! I'm so excited!
Help: Need Valentine drivers now($8/bqt) to all NW towns. Come to dispatch: 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
Colts GM Grigson: Not afraid to make deals in draft
So close to 420 followers.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
im so scared for tomorrow! there gonna be soo many people! ahh!!! D:
Bout to jump in the shower. #SHOTZofXOcafe ya :-)
Happy freaking mothers day -__-
This a great morning so ima start off wit sum Big K.R.I.T. n a bowl leggo
I just want to give an all around Happy Mother's day to all the mothers. I hope you all received all the appreciation you deserved today.
it's your lowest income kids that are least likely to apply generally. Pat King did a study years ago on that. It's sad...
The more time I spend in novel-land, the stranger the snacking habits. Today = salt & vinegar Popchips & Nutella.
Ill give these hoes nightmares!
We make a living by what we get. We make a life by what we give...*
did 6 loads yesterday. yuck. can u help me figure out how 2 get my realtimeresults. geekmommy helped me once, i forgot :(
yea but it's almost but not 100 there yet. Few tweaks left And it ll be all set. Few who heard it approve!
Danny is a dork but a cute one
I miss her...
Give your brother travel cash on our website & if all the family contribute with gifts, he can go on a fantastic trip :)
Yeah thts true.
Hm... quote of the night from to me - "Hello Papi"
a goddess like you deserves all the love you can handle...
I really want to go to this! RT Author Jonah Lehrer joins us on 4/18 to discuss his new book "Imagine: How Creativity Works"
#TEDMED music and brain. Robert Gupta played violin and shared passion for medicine for us. Beautiful - oxygen-
Hey GOD Bless How is everything
North Carolina got their tails kicked by FL. State. I'd hate to be at practice tomorrow.
sure! Please follow me too. We have much in common.
Do you know if the teams had their food flown in from Europe while in Motegi?
We will be taking more in person Miss Rock the Ink submissions, stay tuned for more details.
- networking and new site visits!
This is the kind of #kyderby where it's almost worth putting $5 bet on every horse to win. You take a hit if Union Rags wins, but....
Yes! We must value ourselves. our lives depend on it. "I do deserve this. It is abt me"-Sheila Nevins
The best Sweet Tea in the world can be found at McDonald's off Roswell Road in Sandy Springs Atl #RandomThought lol
thanks for coming through. Hope it was fun!
why not end this charade and both of you come to the studio and prove yourself jack that your not Ludlow
Maybe the #Flyers should just mimic the #Panthers power-play tonight?
"Knock yourself out. I mean that.' lol
Hey imma #Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please! <3 :)) #CarlyRaeJepsen #CallMeMaybe 8
had a great class (ongoing class) w/Bold & Beautiful CD Christy Dooley! Great feedback & redirect on my scene! Excited for next week!
39yrs of life & what do I have 2 show 4 it: awesome friends, great family, cherished memories, wondeful experiences & I woke up this mornin!
just watching the transplants replay. great work tonight! you guys need to get Aunt Gert on twitter
Black bitches talk shit about niggas with white bitches. Niggas talk shit about black females with white dudes. Vicious cycle man
You bet!
Cold glass of frothy, Lots Of Pulp, Tropicana Orange Juice. >>>>>
Thanks, Bill. No..not this year. Maybe next year.
New low on the scale this am missing the carbs but worth it
Celebrate NYE w/us-live music, specials & midnight bubble toast, YES PLEASE! Open 4 NY Day brunch,10 a.m. 404-681-4434; parishatl.com 4 dets
a short memory may be the key to happiness, sometimes
#orphans8 CHILDREN LIMITED was Kodachrome original showed up Sonochrome Labs materials. Hounded custodian forever to get.
Silence is golden, but duct tape is silver.
Jason Collins stands in the paint over 3 seconds every time. The Celtics need to find offense
Is Spring Break really over for me? It went by way too fast.
tmmrrw big day got a interview
I've always liked above ground better anyways, much better scenery! And no daunting walk down to the subway station
Hey Jaja your a Sweet Beautiful Dancer.. :D I Love you and IaMmE!!!
seriously...it's a cop-out, IMHO, mostly on the part of schools trying to make every kid fit their system & deflect blame.
We started installing fireworks on the Needle today and won't be done until Sat! Thanks to for sponsoring 8 minutes of WOW!
Is Whitney working? She's the best.
What nigga thought of school I need to find out cause who ever he is he bogus af.
went to Grenada's most popular mexican joint to watch the Money Team. Then she went to Tiki.
#textmefirstalready ! Please:p
I'm tweet-failing tonight. Need to start grammar and spell-tweeting my tweets before pressing the Tweet button and sending the tweet out.
been watching the original willy wonka + the chocolate factory lately?
it's incredible how lady gaga changed the music business, the fashion, and million of #littlemonsters lifes in only a few years
Forcing ourselves offline may be the path to true knowledge
"Sorry has been suspended"
so true. So many times we get caught up in the situation and THE solution.
Parents feel obliged to move thru galleries, so game boards with pieces don't work because they're not mobile.
Think tonight I'm gonna just live vicariously through
ah That's a bummer! But I understand. I can't do anything about the age, but I do come to Nashville at least once a month.
It is not at all unusual for a moderate become family to go into debt because of illness in that family. [1943]
Thank you, as always, , for the community RTs
It's like when George Will tore into the GOP lack of response to Limbaugh's attack on Sandra Fluke. RWNJs give GOP a bad name.
I wanna play Skyrim next time I go over to your place... I wanna see what all the buzz is about!! :-)
The Shave Barbershop is looking For Licensed barbers call Many for More info 305-866-1940 Thank you !
Don't let those haters bring you down, because just think every time they say something about you that means you were on there mind! :)
Optimize your site for contextual ads - make some money. PPC is not your only option!
Oh, Snap! Took a min. but now I recognize the name. Now I can stay updated. Always enjoy your music! Big thanks for following!
Holy awkward.
follow me ! This one's my professional one haha
ahh I hate when I need sriracha to complete the party in my mouth & it's nowhere to be found!
Follow I really love her tweets!
that video......story of my life man. Lmao
I have a gym project due tomorrow that I didn't do..... I wonder if that will bring my grade down???
..I tried- Once Upon A Time is whack hahaha
This dog is so retared, runs in circles full speed every morning....SMDH
Bonne Fête du Canada, to all my rabidly Canadian friends (this means you Jeff)
Avoid the temptation of posting your email offers out to social via
Making moves! RT : #FSU men's hoops moves up to No. 15 in the AP poll this week and No. 17 in the coaches poll.
New videos coming this summer 2012!!Get ready!
I only have the 1 song from NSYNC's holiday album. i may have the actual CD somewhere. Call me tomorrow, was sleeping today
heres to the kids who are ready to start there senior year.
#NIN fans - we've got some really cool stuff coming very soon.
random acts of kindness are awesome.
No Matter How Bad your Situation is, you should always give Thanks with a Joyful Heart. Life is Still Great. The Prodigal Son Has Returned
If you're looking for words immersed in truth, love and eloquence, follow His words will stir your soul.
mee too best played really really loud! :)
Jumping on a plane in 4 hrs & I'm still up.
- is my hero. Nuff said.
#FF thanks for being a tweeting administrator, you rock!
um, awkward! Hahaha-good thing it's not possible, I'd be afraid for you if you couldn't have real coffee.
#ihitmydougiewhen I'm in an argument with someone and I completely shut them down
Harper is the shit
We are headed to the top of the 9th. Dodgers on top 3-1 over the DiamondBacks. Jansen will come in to try and close it out.
Good game #cavs, you were out manned by the best team from the east
No one ever told me when I was alone, they just thought I'd know better. - GNR
Can't sleep
international building code my ass.
is slamming! Coming to see picasso? Make sure to stop in and see us but make a rez cause we are booking out thru monday!
yeah you def have the skinhead look going on....eep
My brother just performed in the blueash elementary variety show.
HI HI HI ...DA FUCK IS FUNNY.. SHORTY IS SHORT GET IT? LMFAO SHORT BC SHORTY HAHA .. NOT FUNNY.
ah awesome. whatcha think!?
Its Saturday night - somebody get me a copy of FRAMPTON COMES ALIVE on vinyl
I will be playing a little bit
Freelancing a 9-5 design temp-job this week... And, this week is also the last chance to see the Wall Mountables show at the DC Art Center!
I just know im winning i dont give a fuck what place he in
hey babe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> welcome to twitter
I love when the fans chant bullshit
Can't wait to see your premature "Solo Home Run" call all over ESPN tonight!
How is the AvsX stuff? I've been hardcore over the DC Universe, but feel confused/overwhelmed by the Marvel one.
Consider me guilty of the Voodoo...but I'll not be a party to the other, no siree. :D
RT RT Cotto isn't even doing an interview? Really? That's how ayo Papa's does go on???
Aw shucks RT : Thanks for the follow...we're honored.
what u do with the other one? i could buy it!
Did MB leave???
Congratulation on your pilot getting an order. Still have the "Hold the roll..." shirt from FASTLANE.
#youwerecooluntil you started making me pay for what she did.
Hey , you may not be a dog abuser, but apparently I am. See my earlier tweet.
VIDEO - Adventures in South Africa: Joburg + safari featuring and and
I want to ride a roller coaster with at Hershey Park next year.
I never got a call. Come thru! we'll watch the heat game too
Read about former #MBA grad's service this holiday season as Christmas Mother for the Chesterfield-Colonial Heights region...
I've decided to double major in IRG. Let's do this.
Thuggin' on a glorious day
Gotta play Champagne & Chickenheadz
"i think we have more pictures together than a married couple" lmao
YO MAMAS SO FAT WHEN SHE WEARS A RED DRESS ALL THE KIDS SCREAM LOOK ITS THE KOOLAID MAN y
Enjoy! RT : Today I'm going with to see Sondheim's ASSASSINS at thanks to !
I'm a big fan of BlogPaws. Check it out if you get a chance. Well done. PMW/Miriam
I tell everyone I know to follow you. Ur the best, just wish I didn't for the cam scam.
In Michigan, supposedly for Easter, but really for the Final Four! Go State!
Good Morning twit's.... So I think my upstairs neighbors jus broke there bed, what a way to start the day hahahahahhaahhah
So it turns out "Imma Be" isn't a song about the life of a bee....
Fuck that im not going to school like wat the fuck
is ashamed ofall the beers I drank but then I think about the workers in the brewery and their dreams
I wish my car had go-go gadget legs
OMG your inflight cookies are so good!
FISH is the new YOLO
Simon,I honestly didnt like you for a while.I thought Gordon Ramsey was related to you 'you both=mean'but now since 1D Ilikeyou
thanks for stopping by !
RT : #Badgers have 8 mins to become elite. Jordan Taylor and Rob Wilson trying to prevent this from being last 7:46 of career
I love it when my racist family members insinuate I'm Godless because of my political beliefs. Bring it!
I love my love my Hollins U!
Yes Ma'am
ready to start writing chapter for Best Practices in Credit Bearing IL Instruction. Focusing on development & design of online instruction.
haha those good days we had fucked up childhood
Thank you so much! They extended the voting until today. We appreciate your support for this special cause
To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it.
Thanks for the heads-up. I see that I just sent out over 100 spam DMs. Ack.
Good time New Orleans, next destination Pensacola Beach!!
“It is not beauty that endears; it’s love that makes us see beauty
i hope you remembered your sunscreen in phoenix yesterday. I wish i coulda made it to see you guys!
Did you hear? are 's "Band of the Week"! bit.ly/sjzEid
All my life I wish I broke mirrors, instead of promises
Part of me is angry, but a part of me is sad. The rest of me is just drunk. At least I have 1 endors unlike my bff Ana Peres with 0 endors
Lmao my bad, that's what I mean't though...
hm I guess that's true, but you still never come over to Caelan's!
It's Severe Weather Awareness Week or something like that - statewide testing to encourage emergency drills.
First of Three ‘True Blood’ Season Five Fan Posters Is a Bloody Mess via
The Pope is now following our tweets. With a mere 49 followers and 1 tweet, we have become the 158th person he follows. Let the wine flow.
Check us out at www.Facebook.com/thecellarsf and thecellarsf.Ning.com
would you be inclined to sign ja rule to cash money? We know yoy love for em
Just got my 1st ticket too..in a long time. 73 in a 45. Sucked 4 about 10 minutes, but not going to let that cop ruin the day.
Oh, it's not her first. In fact, she is seeing the Black Keys Wed. and saw the Shin. This is first real standing show.
have an audition for Yellowcard tomorrow!!! Awesome band, love them!
sometimes cuddling is better than sex
The choice to celebrate through adversity has already made us a champion in our journey.
Flying with cats on a red-eye tonight from Oakland back to NYC. I apologize in advance if you're sitting next to us. . . . .
yea it go hard.
Thank you!
#partofme epic #1single all over the world believe dat !
I did and it's fantastic
'The Holy Spirit cannot be located as a Guest in a house, He invades everything.'
Dam Lakers are taking it in the a** right now! Smh
Just took a nice walk with . We had a solid convo that was apparently heard by half the neighborhood.
Wonder when they'll recognize in México that the big winner of the Battle of Puebla was the U.S., that's why huge celebration in the States
im thirsty.! ugh.!
If you want the rainbow, you're gonna have to put up with the rain. - Dolly Parton
"What's up? - Good." "Where are you going? - Nothing"
Anyone else have "I don't wanna wait for this night to be over" song stuck in their head?
Q8: German food that you can’t get enough of?
saw you met Justin tuck today. So cool! I'm in the area, heading to the city in a bit!
Not sure which type of graphic to use? Try this Graphic Cheat Sheet: bit.ly/o5178P via
that's good:)
Going one direction but I'm jivin to another..
Adele has a great voice.
What subject?
I loveyou please notice &follow me(been trying for 2yrs),&very excited about #BOYFRIEND aaaahhhhh oohh myy Bieber #5DAYS :-D 5
Never allow yesterday to ruin your tomorrows!
it's In Theater's ..
Keep yours heads held high. Accidents can happen to anyone and any show.
“: When people ask me why I don't have any tattoos I say to them, "Would you put a bumper sticker on a Ferrari?”
Shorts weather
Cowboys and Aliens is an entertaining movie if you don't think too much about it. Some things just don't make sense.
FHF generates financial support to help cover academic services and recruiting efforts
awesome “: congrats to one of my best friends ec10/alex venovski for chopping the florida 2500 regional wpt for 150k!”
u online??
shoulders up!
Not till the afternoon. *sigh* Nervous in the meantime, along with doc poster presentation during breaks. =/
If anyone ever Inceptioned my dreams all they would find is what temp to cook Bagel Bites and the theme song to 'Too Close For Comfort'.
Shhh... Just shut your mouth. You had me at "Hello." Which was actually directed at the person next to me, but it worked nonetheless.
hope your ok ! thats all that matters
These neighbors must not work.. 4 guys been hanging out in there truck since I went work this morning at 8am
Denver faces Loyola(Md) in Annapolis May 19th. Lacrosse Quarterfinals.
lots of love right back at you!
Prince Royce - Crazy x) You got me crazy xD
Some strangers are too nice, maybe it's the weather?
Yea, still an audience for that. But some of best talent have contracts up soon (SVP, etc), would you still watch?
Oh CAHSEE I hate you so much.
I'm too punctual for my own good.
JUST ME y whats up
To hot out here
It's 9:44 am. Do you know where your Wiener is? Sign up for the 6th Annual Long Dog Derby today!
Awe. If they really broke up, Justin would be sad right now...
venereal victor. vivacious victor. vacation victor.
cheer so hard
Brian, explain to me how one has to do with the other. You're unintelligible statement no basis in fact but hate!
I know girl me too!!!! Any insect makes me feel like I need to shower....<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
TONIGHT come to the End of the Year LAMP Party from 5-7 PM in the Commons! Enjoy pizza, prizes, and fun!
Thanks for the follow! We hope to see this great event brought to
#crimescene evidence sticky bowl w/milky residue. Ice cream bowl?chocolate along the side, spoon, hint of peanut butter maybe?
:) bored though.
Off to my defense.
Happy new year! Let Adara help you reach your resolution goals with our great BuyWithMe Boston slimming specials!
Back from Denver, nice to see so many foundations looking to help more students graduate with less debt.
A combination of OmniOutliner plus Google-Cal-synced iCal has transformed my ability to not forget things.
Boston comic con was a bit disappointing but meeting made the whole thing worth it.
If you like RT this
": long time no see fam" been grinding suga
HA. HA. HA so funny....and am I invited to this non 7-hour hair appointment activity?
Seeing myself on tv is rather hilarious! Newschannel 9 Anti-Bullying show...
Nothing lifts a girl's spirits like a new pair of shoes!
Why you gotta show up in that old t-shirt that I love? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0095><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Lmao!! RT : I dont know why, but the phrase "Drop it like it's hot" reminds me of white people..
My popcorn didn't pop correctly....
beast mode
wow!! You got some serious #Swag now,every since you got signed... :D
I cant wait for tomorrow
Can't stand the bus when I need to be somewhere.
i care so much about .<3 lol
to be addicted or not addicted? I avoid games due to the "don't pry it out of my hands""i don't need sleep" that may follow.
Wow, thanks Fogs! What an honor... I'm verklempt man!
What happened with my life? girLs so post modern
Ladies and gentleman, we are at an impasse. Should this year's #movember blowout be on the Saturday before T-giving, or after?
I wish there was a two for one deal. I am dying to make some kick ass shakes
Walker is better politician. Worst Wis. Governor in history. We needed Russ Feingold.
Why did like 5 of my tweets erase?
where and the hell did this storm come from? #soscared #can't sleep
Chipotle, my man.
Ayo—thanks for the amazingly awesome new year card!!! I love it! You're the greatest!
Go LIKE MY FAN PAGE NOT THE STATUS Honey Rosee #PromotionTime -Clockwork
RT : We are looking for licensed locksmith's to join our team. For more info, call Fernando at 800-964-0700.
Luck to me is something else. Hard work - and realizing what is opportunity and what isn't. -Lucille Ball
Follow for great tweets that will make you think!
what's good?! How's the trip
got some awesome 3 part harmonies down tonight.. cant wait for the Bitter End gig!! theslidersmusic.com
Whatever it means, it's good news for John McCain.
How you gon become a knicks fan just because they playing the Heat.......bitch nigga move
Some high strung mountain music - live bluegrass by Pike's Creek & Sawdust Symphony getting started now
Legal on 4: Myths and realities of community property - KVOA Tucson News Legal on 4: Myths and realities of community property KVOA Tucso
geek speak mate
Collin's Corner... one of the greatest ideas in human history.
I'm not too sure what Lewis mighty is. I see it all over twitter, what is it about, what's wrong with the boy?
RT So a minute ago this stupid iPhone of mine was 36% then it became 60% and now its 33% wtf?! Stupid device -.-
I'm about to text you In 2.5 seconds :)
good point. And if a top guy loses early next week or at RG, we'll know whose fault that is.
#todayisagoodday because Tyler let me drive his truck and I didnt even ask <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Hey, I am just sayin'....... .com is available.....the twitter is available...... #ambientcrickets :)
r u single?
#SomethingIWillNeverForget the day my grandpa died ..
dude I been eating like 7-8 times a day hahaha late at night to=)~
Can't sleep. Mother effer. I'm so not going down stairs. Fuckin' aliens are down there.
tell my Canadian mother happy mothers day
#YouWereCuteUntil u said u don't like Led Zeppelin!
"The major advances in civilization are processes that all but wreck the societies in which they occur." A.N. Whitehead
RIP Steve Jobs. You changed the entire way by which we live.
I'm liking the Quadcore CPU, ICS & the new camera features. U cn do stills & vid simultaneously. RT :
shut the hell up i dont care hes a dick head
So is star trek
The Sarah Phillips story is not unlike almost every episode of Three's Company...
ANGRY ARMS.
Steak salad and fries!!! And studyn
There's surprisingly little written about the case in general -- I thought it would come up more with Brown v. EMA.
44 goals combined for #Penguins and #Flyers. #RedWings and #Predators have a combined 19 goals.
Interlink for CommitCRM adding ability for clients to view contract usage details via client portal.
Thanks #KW peeps for the RT! Got a response via twitter from support at #chase so hopefully they can help move things along!
And a Happy Healthy Prosperous New Year as well!
night guys im going to be posting more of my story tomorrow! i posted alot of parts today! haha story in my favs! ily thanks for the support
I hope you return to playing good springsteen someday. That string section is just terrible.
"You're not awkward. You just have a terrible, terrible personality."
the filling in our peanut butter cream'wich is peanut butter, butter, and sugar - delicious if we do say so ourselves!
#Boston what's good?
Let #obrien play..show that kids come first
hey kid great game! Keep your head up. Enjoyed seeing u play on #espn .
(894):stole 2 cases of forties frm some freshman in the woods by pretending to be a cop. the ten dollar spotlight is really turning a profit
My mentions suck! That's sad..
Happy birthday George Harrison
hells yeah! he's a keeper for sure!
English 3 ap dc has never seen a better old man in macbeth.
no its not cry baby
So, victory? Did man win, or did the pizza conquer all :)
no I got it as normal message
May have to wait unlike after Xmas., love. At least UK shoppers don't attack each other with pepperspray!
all I said is no? Not trying to b rude or anything
"Got a Trojan in my pocket... Matt Leinart *proud chuckles*"
totally blaming it on you and using my nephew as an excuse when people come by and see my Skylanders play set!!
Lolololol RT : RT : Owls are the only birds that can see the color blue.<how the fuck do we kno that, c'mon now.
I Will Overdose Myself On Ibuprofen IF THESE FUCKIN CRAMPS DONT GO AWAY!!!!! :/ #ThisLife <<<<<<< Not Ok.
It's just so sad, you know? I'd be devastated if my team left and went somewhere like OKC.
Also Del Negro is a joke of a coach, still dnt know how Memphis blew that series
sounds like a win-win! I've always wanted to hang glide, have you done it before?
UL has built the facilities, what have they won, other than the orange bowl? Need to Upgrade that trophy case on floyd St...
You could ask them if you annoy them and see what they say.
Awwuh ): I wish you did something instead of that when did you stop cutting ?
I wish you where here
I feel like I'm going to be sick...
Agree with (who will be on duty for the birth of aka Outlaw.) Give a friend a key.
big plans = going to my acting class with Vinny Guastaferro.
Relationships are overrated, but SOMETIMES I kinda miss having one.
Don't let us get into our zone!
Tulo out for 2 games. Can the #Rockies survive? lol
So glad to have the next 2 days off at work
Goldstein: if ruling is overturned, it could open up new cases challenging Congress and the federal government's power.
Happy birthday & night to you!
The mystery man, , now following me. Hm.
Well hello to the Twitterverse to one of my favorite Twits, !
Name your price . . . But seriously, can I offer any help?
they're a very talented team...why are they getting blown out??
Internet still down, phones dying. Bbl :p
Not a Marvel guy. Too colorful and outlandish. DC and Dark Horse were more my style as a kid.
Sitting at my desk BLARING the song that I think has the 2nd best metal intro of all time.
Kool Aid and vodka :)
I think you meant a different Kelsey... :)
Frisco's just a ride up the coast--road trip for sure!
NOTE: US SC's opening conference for the October 2011 term will be held on September 26, 2011. Stay tuned.
PREACH. RT "Im not a crooner. I write and produce music. Im a fucking artist."
Psalm 119:18 Open my eyes that I may see wonderful things in your law.
Everyone I know smokes weed except me
I have went through this atleast 20 times since January smh
I do prick
Sushi coma
Mayweather will be forever undefeated.
I'm quickly learning from the #CAJM conference that all of our docents should be required to sing (preferably musicals).
Anyone in Baltimore have facebook technical issues today? #facebook down
Had a good business week Heading back home tonight! No travel next week yeah!
Check out for great WordPress sites. They designed mine!
:-) Only a true geek would make such an association :-) Nice!
Just like they said of the Beats in the 50s, so they'll say of us now: they're drinkers with writing problems.
www.igoopon.com TODAY'S DEAL - $ 10 for $ 20 / $ 20 for $ 40 Worth of Coupon - Buzz BBQ
awesome! It's one of my faves too
RT How to ID #BalloonFiesta goers>> RT nice. I'm among a bunch of ppl with bed head
Why does grape flavor smell the way it is when actual grapes don't taste or smell anything like it.
Valverde comes out with an injury. Dotel in with 2 on and 2 outs in the 9th.
They played to near perfection. Nothing went the Lakers way last night. Whether you win by 29 or 1, it's only one win
1000 followers. . THANK YOU everyone for following. Rob
That is wonderful news. I guess my prayers must have worked.
im not sure id go that far..
I am loving doing these weekly conference calls and would love to continue them. What would you like to hear me talk about?
North Carolina, your Kung-Fu is weak. Forget gay marriage, you need to fuck up those people who work on Sunday. Did you forget Exodus 35:2?
Damn old man almost fucked himself up getting on the train. He on here looking like a banana lmao
#lol at the people who hash tag on Facebook.
is a goddess
Plz follow as I will be trying to tweet from both still, but ALOT more from #influxis. Thanks peeps :D
and yes I'm making fun of apple's censoring of the word j******k
Will Rubio's new book have more words than his last one..."100 Ideas for Florida," that contained 100 blank pages...
what's your sign? Are you a Libra, by chance?
Metta World Peace? More like Metta World War.
um. That's the worst thing ever, and would make me hate people.
Ugh , these seventh graders and their "complicated relationships". Like ruhlaxxxx your 12.
I have never seen rain that intense. Last night in our house and the yard and street are flooded. 2 inches in less than 20 minutes?
i heard sandy puked all in her car lmao
school school? College?
Being a Chinese American, this is a great manifestation of the past, and it connects the two cultures together.
There U Go Dancing Again...Lol-
Out of all the weapons used on Top Shot, what has been your personal favorite so far?
San Diego State coach Rocky Long didn't make his players available to the media. Beyond weak. SD media can spend more time on the Chargers.
I have not had experience with either. Cru is from the best vineyards right?
They look great! RT Getting some color-corrected stills from from our cinematographer Tony Burns. Exciting!
Javier's is legit down there too. No Bud Ice though i'm guessing.
looks awesome!
hello britney~ good morning~ love you my dear idol~ have a great day and take care <3
a close second is "The Promethean Charter School" in Butternut due to my love of Greek Methology
I actually really liked Cap. But probably not necessary.
Ashley knows she sucks at spelling and guess what Delanie I DON'T EVEN CARE! NOT ONE BIT!
Nice work on the
omg you would say that!! ;)
waiting for dijon hate when he sick
Peter, that was so last week! Tonite I was with our buddy Tim at #Manresa in Los Gatos ... then met up with Brenda & Ross
Sending out calming vibes of fortitude today as many of our clients and friends complete/submit their applications to the City for funding.
Am I the only leftist not that into DemocracyNow? It's a good news source, but I find it rather dull (side effect of cable-news watching?)
In due time ;) We're only kidding! RT : just about dying to become a super fan!
If anyone hasn't purchased a senior sweatshirt and still wants one, please contact us!
So if it passes HB 2549 would even make twitter beef's illegal if one the people live in Arizona. That's just crazy
*good luck!*
It has been a very interesting week so far. How has everyone's week been? =)
... Win or lose... DPG 4 Life. Happy New Year, JCall.
I keep it real on u niggas out there who live to fake
Huge college basketball game tonight #NCAAB. #MSU at #Duke...Who do you all like?
Oh really you can get any bitch you want? With that language of yours I'm pretty sure you can't.
there is nothing better then taking off your bra, and contacts, and trowing in pjs, with your hair up... <333
Enjoyed my day
Wow, that is such a lovely thing to say! I appreciate it! :)
last games of the season today, let's go out with a bang! #HAAAAAAAN!
Looks like Shabazz and Kyle Anderson both like to shoot all the time. UCLA will be terrible again with too many ballhogs and selfish play
where is my sighned shirt???? I liked and wrote a post 3 likes beat that. wont get my hopes up in case i loose im used to it
Happy Mother's Night! I will be anchoring with on the news at 11 tonight! See ya then!
Happy happy happy<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Just won $5 in a lottery scratch card. Get at me.
omg I wish I was coming I tried2come but I wasn't able to get in ROCK IT (I no u will though) I LOVE u I will be there in spirit!
yep, that's how it shall be.
What's your favorite signature drink at Maguire's?
": Did you know your pupils dialate when you see a person that you think is really attractive?" we do that a lot. :)
m But can you tell him to text me ,,
In Minneapolis to talk #copyright and #museum policies at
Dallas! We are currently expanding our network of sponsors! Be sure to get in contact with us!
Nothing like a trip to see Becky at to make me feel like a teenager again
Hey , how about we leave Josh Hamilton alone. No one cares if he had a drink.
Having a good beer selection can make just about any place better!
you dnt think im listening to you, or paying attention to you, well keep on thinking that!!!
Today in Invention History: Frederick Allen patents a life raft in 1881
hahaha that's awesome! Hope you had fun! Excited to see you in April!!
Save $$. Enter your work for an #Emmy by April 2nd for discounted entry fees.
#NJ Repubs Frelinghuysen. LoBiondo and Lance applaud #SOTU promise not to back down on offshore drilling regs.
yea :) lol shout him out so he can get some followers .! his lame ah. ! lol
#spj Sunshine week is a chance for journalists to take pride in the work we've done and the work we still have to do
BOWL HI LANES - SUBURBAN COWBOYS IN 40 MINS!
Just landed in Manila! It's only been 11 years since my last visit. Just a layover though.
shareholder in Memphis. Grateful for no changes in the greatest uniforms ever!
Find out what a custom WordPress blog is supposed to look like.
Vote for AT&T Goal of the Week, Wk. 21
Goodnight world :)
Don't like to use "sponsored by" or "brought to you by" - GMAS's Summer Concert Series is using "amplified" by Pepsi...cool
Where are you headed for New Year's brunch? Maybe a little Blue's Egg for you?
and back at you. Happy Moms Day! RT : BuildingMoxie Thx much. Have a great weekend.
get called a slut, because guys hit on me... whats your reason ?
.... Denver is ready for a big mean ruff yo ass up tight end ... Let's do this Thomas !!!! The new broncos are here!!
shut up
where are you wanting it??
RT : The only reason I still speak PASCAL is to dazzle the lady computers.
Off to my last day of interning!
These jeans are never going to dry.
good morning Tania!!
Get in touch with the way the other person feels. Feelings are 55% body language, 38% tone and 7% words.
Doggy doggy doggy doggy doggy.
Cool tell me the songs and I love Vampires:D
One Hour Til They Will Be Having In Studio Today To Promote His Show Tomorrow With
#BadBoys4Life RT : haha! I seem to find them without having to call.
Why does #FCPX clear my in and out if I click elsewhere in the timeline? Frustrating!
Yeah, I checked! Not following and had to re-follow. Twitter is clearly alive and a Mean Girl.
Iont Even Wanna Go To Prom Nomo.
why is sports sunday at 11:35 when people will have to get up tomorrow morning to go to either work or school?
ha ha I actually heard that was a very very bad movie
VERY few MS students struggle with tech for more than a few min. Primary source analysis..different story
Went shooting today. Shotgun. Loads of fun! Want to do more!
8-ft sinkhole closes 2 right lanes on SW Kelly Ave, west of the Ross Island Bridge. Significant delays. Avoid area if possible.
I just really wish that I had a running bud, but no. I hate the scary trucks that drive by and STARE and slow down.
What we think, or what we know, or what we believe is, in the end, of little consequence. The only consequence is what we do. ~ John Ruskin
A formula for #success? It's quite simple, really. Double your rate of failure.
That happened to me! Then the patron felt guilty and tried to give me a pen.
I don't think anything is as cool as the aggregate sound of the Clocks and Watches exhibit at the British Museum. Beautiful.
Nice structure for them RT : Mets owners will not have to pay anything for three years, buying them time to steady finances.
Pool party?
Nothing? What about the possibility of Chelsea still finishing 4th cos they'll need that when they lose the CL final ;-)
One more show for you! Wednesday July 27th at El Cid. Show starts at 8pm, we play at 11pm. Oh yeah, and it's free!
Eiji-san will be preparing some Live Maine Lobster this morning, come in a try it saffron baked!
Looking forward to those kind of disclosures for every news organization you tweet about.
I'm thinking the boy and I should get out into the sunshine for a bit huh?
Not cool if we tlking shit abt someone n you tlking shit bout us she needs to #GETREALBRO!!!
Check out the #Texas aerial photo business "Its a bird, its a plane; no, its just Erick taking some photos of #CRE"
my new glasses where made in Italy... i feel very Italian (;
is on Punk'd tonight?! :D
p.s. Hi Kim and Phil!!!
Spent the morning picking fruits & veg for the week at the farm! I'm done w/ Farmer's markets, going straight to the farm now
I want my tear back “: quit reading my twitter!!!!!!!”
hm, not sure...
Thanks for including <U+2665> Aoede <U+266A><U+266B> in your Mad House News! Have an inspired week ahead!
That constant worying to find out "he was busy" ....
Im bout to fall asleep in the bank
#morningbowl for some
ms foley is protecting the AP econ exam though?
I (do/do not) watch YOUTUBE vids for help with my natural hair! (Please pick one)
"Losing my Virginity" by Sir Richard Branson. RT : What's your favorite book?
Britney Spears song at 1:00pm!! Be here to get your name in to OWN THE BRITNEY SHOW:)
you need too come to florida
I do admit, tho, that "Tom Sawyer" is actually one of my favorite songs.
Okay. (: are you excited for the other workshops? (:
The defense planted a lot of doubt.
A lot of people mistake a short memory for a clear conscience. -Doug Larson
The sunken park by the BMA on Charles and Art Museum Drive.
Hmm, not sure how but I just became the Mayor of Wendy's at JFK airport in NY. Wonder how long I can keep it
Trying to find work/life (writing) balance. Tough when you work 3rd shift with extended hours but I will prevail!
+1 RT : There should be a Pulitzer for data visualization. Some really amazing work being done by various media orgs there.
RT RT : 3 x CDs original "Royalty Free Music" specially made to raise money for HOPE HOUSE CHILDREN'S HOSPIC...
Why did I END the evening with an Awesomeness? I'd like yesterday to have been a little less epic at the moment....
lol I was!
At a "furpity durpity" restaurant in Miami, where we are being entertained by a real live jazz flute player! Yazz floot!
TY for the RT! Many blessings to you!
I'm so happy I found this spot!
Aye I'm going home.
So happy alterra is around the corner! I need coffee!
#HappyBirthday have anice day<U+2665> p.s. I Love your music:)
ADD/ADHD in adults can lead to depression and low self-esteem.
Congrats to Chris Polk for getting picked up by Philadelphia. Check our timeline for a film about the player you just got, Eagles fans.
One day you'll realize you're really not better than everyone. Hopefully I'll be there to laugh in your face
Okay, caught up with the rest of the sports world.
I think that Congress is breathing a sigh of relief at this point. Now the focus (at least for a minute) will be on someone else.
Yes I have.
Cool, EGT sent me an email to see if I wanted to do some interviews. Uh Yes Please :)
I honestly just want to be a better person than I was yesterday
God is good. #blessed<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
CHING CHING LING LONG
Think my hightop converses are my new go-to gym shoes. Not bad for squats, now to try deads in them.
Hello ! Happy humpday !
Oh, it was only supposed to be 2 weeks? Oops. RT : So essentially all work stops in Silicon Valley from March 15-31 ... ?
haha but If I do stay, it gives you a reason to come out west !
I think Philly could take our series long but ulimately we'll win. Bosh couldn't stand. I think he tore a muscle/is out for p'offs
lol these cry baby 18 year olds << stop actin like yall never eat ! shoot .
Thanks! Glad you like it :-)
you have a daughter. be fucking responsible.
Needs a new start
Thanks! Great thoughts.
OMG, looking at #Jamjars and his self-portraits have totally #ComeOutToPlay today
a4) I agree with bouncing ideas off of my team is always a great way to get the ball rolling.
funny how #romney was all over #newt about #fanniemae yet romney is an investor in fannie mae
Woke up in such a good mood this morning yayyy. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
“RT : you're so fancy” yes ma'am
very good problem. thats awesome
Our thoughts go out to the Hudson family. A difficult day.
Today's Question: What type of flowers produce vanilla pods?
Jus got home so happy my bro's home for spring break my niece & him are knock out too cute!! lol
Mechanical problem so who knows when I'll get to CA. What's for lunch WAA?
It is time to paint ze nails.
Wanting to watch the end of the #Preds game; but can't find it anywhere. Anyone know what channel it is on?
dot com
Brunch on the Upper West Side or SoHo, any suggestions?
Comical but very happy night =D
Your right, it's okay & everyone is looking forward to Friday. :)
Chris Electric Company is a proud National Electrical Contractor Association member since April 1, 1978!
Well said. I agree.
if they come to Mexico in September will be the best BIRTHDAY OF THE WORLD
Weird things always happen when I go out on H. St. Wondering if tonight will be any different! :)
how are you? :)
YES! I SO WANT IN!
How soon till we can use NFC for #augmentedreality and be done with clunky markers?
i'm about 2 stop tryna help everybody and think abt myself only time ppl know u when they want something i'm abt 2 b on some real bklyn shit
now suspecting that the medieval difference between specific form and substantial form was rooted in peculiarly strong mead
In the rust belt battle the Bucks handily prevail.
Um, Firefly! RT : If you could be in any sci-fi/fantasy show, what would it be?
cotton tale designs lizzie valance | discountwindowtreatments
because of Chip or the game?
Dick Clark, he gone.
to be fair, I've only broken a girl a few times.
ar least he thanked Countyr Radio :)
My mom complains cause she says I drive like a "gangster"
If you see today, wish him a happy birthday!
Love Michelle Williams in Fuschia!
I have caught a Coachella cold. Achoo!
Be nice to me Dylio
making the most of this gorgeous evening by finishing another 1k on the WIP. #amwriting in fresh air....the best way.
Musical class of 2012 - Winnipeg Free Press
< are you all still meeting? Just ended my meeting.
It was an unfortunate misfire for Paul Rudd, par for the course for Aniston.
If rapping wasn't so corny, I would take it more seriously!
All my stuff that I ordered last week finally came in today. 7 wrestling dvds and Jeff Gordons 2012 Dupont hat and the 2012 Nascar Day P ...
Really sweet block by on that would-be jam! Go
Tired as shit had fun with my baby;) but a shitty ending to a somewhat okay day
classic california.....
lord help me , I need you now
hosts "What Kids Aren't Learning" on Mon, March 12 at to discuss the role of education in civic engagement
Today I filed papers to run for re-election to the South San Francisco City Council on November 8th #ssfcouncil. Thank you for your support!
It's better to #communicate a few ideas effectively than fail at communicating several dozen.
Holy cold batman.
RT : its going down 2mar nite game MIA vs Dallas #freefood and right after the game its a party
Los Angeles Appliance Repair Company, AM PM, Offers Same Day Repairs on All ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Looking forward to it! RT Going downtown to film for the blog! I love showing off Houston!!
Wow, thanks ! was thrilled to present. Be sure to keep us posted on your progress, take-aways, & "aha" moments!
would love to talk with you about your biz. Please DM me.
that's my birthday too!
Once again, I come back from my two days off and theres crap everywhere, the floor hasn't been swept, and there's dishes in the sink.
I saw on the soup, that on my strange addiction, someone drinks nail polish. Hopefully you aren't that bad.........
Happy Birthday Michael Jackson!!!!!
I have asthma too! I love Chloe y'all are my fave!
64 now :D
completely coincidental. :( . Miss you dude! Hows the tour been? 1 month til we reunite.
Hi Karen, interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better connect with your users. Follow me to DM?
Getting there!
cap'n slap a hoe n this bitch!!SLAP YO SELF HOE!!!!!!!
Lunch is always accepted!
going great! How about yours?(:
Hey! No problem!
Yeah, no shortage of humor in that photo haha
#Aries have an ambitious streak. Sometimes one person just isn’t enough but two or three will work out just fine.
I wish I was there
Hair up, and leggings.. It's an eca day :(
Hi Emilia....please send a shipping address to and we'll send you some prototype GF cookies. Thx!
awesome! Hope you can make it:D I'm going VIP (:
Im Right Here Just Holler If You Need Me
PickUpLine: Um...I need a little help with my Calculus, can you integrate my natural log?
blah my tummy hurts :(
Mr. Ogle will always pick on me. Forever and always.
you need to follow my other page !
thank goodness!
miami though
You don't have to use parchment paper. Parchment paper just means it won't stick. You can spray it with oil instead. Foil.:)
What's today's photo challenge? I will try and keep up now....promise.
Welcome to Twitter !
Nothing like getting home at 8pm!! Man i will be so happy next Thursday when this is all done!
No kidding. That could cause someone a heart-attack, thus creating an even higher bill! HI reform, where are you?
If the Heat get knocked out they'll probably go after Nash hard
Did you hear about the guy going off last night at Colchester Town Meeting on librarians??
Sidenote: my ceiling fan looks so bizarre right now..?
perfect tour including the boys.. leggo!
Safe travels & get up & move on the plane to prevent blood clots from sitting in 1 position too long.
“: Just took care of my homies who are locked up...Word!” #SwagLife Follow: &
You're welcome! :) And if Torts kills you, I'll be sure to sue CSoL for NIED. ;) I'd miss my Sconnie sis!
Hi guys! I'm back at the hotel. Are you around?
Another missed gimme for Saint John's...either this will be the #maineiacs night, or it's only a matter of time......0-0 in 1st under 6:30
Thanks to everyone I have worked with over the years, especially those who mentored me and politely pointed me in the right direction!
Hard work pays off
The homemade potato chips from Red Stag must come from ginormous potatoes. They're more like potato sheets.
Thanks for sharing! Hope to see you at our Kickoff event!
Might try this today! Cc: RT : Brunch is on. Come by to hang out with all the great folks at the blind dog
Today is going to be a good day. I'm going shopping and getting another tattoo #happy <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Loving these giant group hugs!!
ok, well I guess that makes sense.
2 Million a year just doesn't buy what it used to!
Developing Knowledge Management &amp; Organisational Learning ...
I need sum partii buddies
Manuel: "we always have hope as immigrants that a president will make changes but we can't wait, we have to do our part"
Proverbs 22:6 Train up a child in the way he should go; even when he is old he will not depart from it.
grilling Focus on the Family over DOMA. Science and technology always prevails over ignorance and superstition.
thanks for the morning inspiration!
Back at ya Pam!
Rec'd word my paycheck went down 2.0% because Congress decided to go on holiday! Get back to DC & do the job you were elected to do!
Amazing stuff. How many of us have ever thought about truly shifting the emotional paradigm with our work/branding?
Thanks for the RT Joel : ] Happy Wednesday.
Miller needs to give double-digits every night or the Heat are in trouble
I ain't never been the person to reach out to meet sonebody. If I see you I see you if I don't then owell.
LMAO! This guy-----> Bobby if you want me to help you fix the red sox call me I have some ideas ,red sox know how to contact me
Although she's at times cruel #icantstop loving her (music)
Just working, that's all I do forreal wbu?
Got to try out some voice authentication #technology courtesy of - very non-invasive compared to conventional
It's raining referrals. Two of them are fluency evals for bilingual students. Need to start sweet talking my translator again.
Opening Day Magic: Dodgers Tix Sold Out
Its Friday and I've been in the library doing these essay interview questions for 3 hours.
Adele thanks radio programmers for playing Rolling in the Deep. We won't forget. Smooth move Adele.
just got off the phone with Timber Jim! He is going to email you some details!
I don't like school.
shall we dance?
I would
well see ill meet the man I will marry then ask him if I should get bangs #icebreaker lol I think moms hinting at something
Cool Text The Broadcast, Frank [Caliendo] from Waukesha...
RT ": #MiddleSchoolMemories Me, Temekia, and Running and Shut Shit Down Lol" why I'm just seeing this?!
no; would be problematic with very large result files
Watching the x factor
We are feeling generous tonight and want to celebrate the return of #zapcash so we are going to give an extra $25 to second place!
IF U NEW WAT IT TOOK!!!!
going to sleep. her<3
thank you :)
Canadians know by now MLB's World Series is not a world championship. No other countries compete. And title comes from an early sponsor.
not a commentary on your session. Just think they have been too vague and lifeless. Let's brainstorm.
Aye tweet me mahomies ;)
whats good man.. just saying what up since we now on twitter lol together..
TGIF to all our tweeps out there! Thanks for the follows and for checking us out
Wish the Bulls could have gone to at least 7 to get the Celts extra rest.
where can I buy black UD basketball shorts like the ones they wore last season? Can you by the baby blues too somewhere?
in a heart beat.
Directionater: omg guess who I got tickets to!! me: get ur ass face out of my sight before I kick it to siberia.
"To see a world in a grain of sand, And a heaven in a wild flower, Hold infinity in the palm of your hand, And eternity in an hour."
Ohemgee it's gonna be 90 degrees here tomorrow. Yes!!
First Nations consider lawsuit over pipeline hearings
IT'S FINISHED!!! Now to stay awake through class...
my phone kept on falling at skool D:
Thanks to Gowalla for bringing an interactive online element like none before to
They always go on tour . hack no
You wouldn't believe it, but EXACTLY the SAME. Haha! I am truly happy that you are doing well.
Thanks for the tip!
WOW, What a WILD ride the finale was. Still trying 2 catch my breath. Enjoy ur hiatus while we try 2 figure out how this plays out
Just announced: welcomes Gomez to the Newport on July 22nd! Tixs are $20 in advance and go on sale 5/5!
dough nation doe!
Im about to say, it dont make me say it ah fuk it......What's the worst that can happen.
Looks like I'll be going wabbit hunting with today!!!! <3 x)
What are you baking today? Send us pics of your latest #cupcake creations.
Just saw the caravan escorting the #WTC beams headed from OH to IN. So cool! Lots of bikers on the road...
inspiration follows aspiration
i would if i wasn't drowning in work!! love you!
This is crazy. Once again, I find myself asking how I got so lucky.
Is that a site redesign?
aw I hope she is better soon! Love you hilly!! xoxo
wen ever u got the time u got a real guy friend
: no one [wins] an election by telling America that [it's at] the end of its "providential allotment of inexhaustible plenty"
LML we not goin to the pool hall do husshh
Have a great day!
best compliment ever. thank you!
Hey y'all, guess what?
EkU fulfilled a need on the OL with some talented transfers. The Moore kid from Hofstra should make an immediate impact.
Destroyed by MTV, I hate to bite the hand that feeds me, so much information - Duran Duran
at 5 is coming your way! Join & for news & weather!
& given you too many chances , so please don't mess this one up .
I get knocked down, but I get up again! your never ganna keep me down!
I'm downloading plenty music
hey b all u can b baby<U+E405> when is your bday?
GOP are rabidly cutting state & Federal agency budgets so service will decline. Set-up for massive privatization. = U pay more, get less.
It'll all get better in time
Time flies when you're having rum
If you want something done right, do it yourself.
Tijuana teaches putting enough bribe money in your wallet to feel comfortable and the rest in your sock... Or underwear.
when we met about elance, at Mars Cafe oh so long ago, never thought you'd be a comic. Hope to see you perform sometime.
Yes change in some form needed. Vyzral, spurling, gaffney. Spurling says he sees nothing but success.
Grr. Stupid phone. :( Tweet me to reach me!
my pace after 9 was good then it took a bad turn.
are you really Justin..?
Watching Tiger get back in the swing
Dear haters thanks for fueling the fire by saying you hated the tide when you meant to say the bcs
That's alright because I love the way you lie, I love the way you lie...
Why cant I just be Tyler Carter
I'd rather be eating chili in OB than working :-(
Will the Rams need to move up to get Blackmon?
Bout to disregard it all! My life is in Gods hands, entirely.
I am cautious about signing too many petitions. It devalues my signature.
s/o tu follow her
does that mean the person is honest only part of the time?
for sure! His stuff is always too new for the club when I play it but months later they love it. Haha.
RT Time to grind....school time<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>have a great day!!! Let me know what new things you learn today! Blessings.
Absolutely! We should chat before you leave MA…we're in the Boston area.
Omg! He's got the most amazing eyes! What a Mr. Chubby :-)
Black Tea = My poison. Registered for the June SAT. Now, tackling this play piece by piece. Setting up the audition postings!!!!
A l l Dreams come true if we have the c o u r a g e to pursue them <3
Dope game easy bt the rap game crazy...
Good job yogi, good job
It was an absolute honor to be in the company of such talented and dedicated educators at today’s teacher appreciation ceremony.
just read your rant and I absolutely couldn't agree with you more! Your defiantly 100% right!
Had an amazingg time at the beach with Him <3
Last night's :HS reunion? More like a meetup.
Re: Wisdom & kindness. Indeed. Kindness that is not motivated by the rewards of heaven nor the fear of hell. True kindness.
always lived here
Think about where your future is headed? If you are unsure, then at 4:00PM EST! GET PAID 2 DRINK! call 218 548 0886 Code: 417091#
We Very rarely talk about sports on twitter....fuck it!!!GO HAWKS!!!!
We're here too!
I miss memphis tennese my cousins my dad
Worst game they've played in a long time. Now i'll join you in draft talk. Haha.
Hopefully you are making memories this weekend.
I don't think it is controversial at all, I think lotus could win if the race plays out that way
RT : Can't wait for the next #Foodiechats !!!
Im in love with
Watching the hunger games made me hungry
Something about reading during a thunderstorm..
Who wanna Take A Shot For Me.?:)
Oh, no ... RT : Sorry to hear this one. RT : RIP Duck Dunn. A true soul hero.
I sent my mom a vibrator, so I can pretend that I didn't call cause I didn't want to disturb her
And FWIW? You killed it! Team taptalks says Tx MT Get on agenda, 6:30am to DC, record #taptalks, do privacypanel
#GOAL 12OO #FOLLOWERS BY 10AM #F4F HELP ME REACH IT!!! #RETWEET THIS & SEND ME A #F4F ILL GIVE U A S/O 2 MY +1000
New #IMLS Act "advances the roles of libraries and museums in education, lifelong learning, preservation and workforce development"
LOLOLOL its okay im not part of your little club....
EXACTLY. im most likely doing that too ahaha
Happy Tuesday. My favorite story on #wisn12 is the space shuttle piggy backing a ride to D.C.
I keep track of New Books List variants in a very haphazard way -- with a NBL email folder titled "Adaptations"
Staring at a picture of a cute dog while listening to a Barry White song = Best Laugh Challenge
Yea fam, U got like 3 or 4. Keep make'n dat good music & I'ma spin it like a pass 4rm Tom Brady!
I can't sleep so I'm up watching the movie Bruno. It's stupid as HELL but I can't stop crying laughing.
Gets Married In 3DAYS and I still never received my invitation that shit CRAY!
Plus...don't forget that Monday is the last day for the Back To School Sale! Hope to see you this weekend :)
Where do you want to go today in our air conditioned cabs?
beautiful nail polish!! Love this color!
ill help
Rose bowl without a doubt, at least there is still time left to redeem ourselves instead of making it to the 'big one' and losing
I talked to #SirPaulMcCartney about our similar diets, except that I don't eat meat, fish, dairy, grains, fried food or sweets.
Will had a double play tonight...almost a triple!!!
thanks :) and one more favor, DM us the rest of what you love about them :)
Fuck a house
At for the first time. Bartender tells me the specials. I say, Well... I came in for the..., then she finishes: junkie burger
"Who's watching the fights tonight?"
We can place you on our guest list if you would like? Free before 1am!
Finally enjoyed my first sopa de mondongo, complete with tripe, bone marrow, and hoof jelly. Topped if off with cash only cans
I have no time anymore and it's stressing me out. I just need a break.
Fish are a big-eyed lot. It's a fact. They can seem quite beseeching, esp. when gasping for air.
And now for greetings from the faculty with Kevin McCoy as representative
Live by the gun... die by the gun.... r.i.p ma new orleans homie.... fucc... niggah spechless ...
Hall & Oates sounded pretty hot on The Voice.
A Tribe Called Quest all day.
going out there for work on Thursday…
I can't possibly be this bored
Yuppers Dallas is the best!!! ;)
Son: How much does it cost to get married, Dad? Father: I don't know son, I'm still paying for it.
Just realized I havent been on twitter for awhile
that being said, LA is a huge sports media market, and a successful Kings season would do wonders for #NHL as a whole
Oh no!
Everytime the heat scores a piece of me dies
Why are my boys so sprung off bitches
This tour is making me miss college
I get to see her tomorrow... So excited. It's been two months since I saw her. :D
John Gottman (www.gottman.com) has figured out a way to predict which marriages will end in divorce with over 90% accuracy.
Bull crap stinks, no matter what the delivery method.
Making great sacrifices for family today. These sacrifices involve hanging out at Williams-Sonoma for hours and meeting a famous person.
Heart<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> this little piece of inspiration!
I'm tired of not being able to see
What kind of videos are you interested in
Gooooodmorninggg to al My followers n new followers :)
You are welcome Iginla, #mnwiId let you have number 300 & 500 career goals.
Wow rest in Heaven Whitney Houston.
the axis of the music world rotates and spins from Whitney and Bobby's cre8tion..Stay strong and bring forth the nxt gene8tion!
well when bitched get bold, it just has to happen
Never, ever surprise a room full of students taking practice MCATs before noon on a Saturday. Never. Ever.
thanks, we will be introducing sub$1,000 gaming pcs soon. Give us 1 week. remember the custom copyrighted art
#KyrieIrving going off
What a shame RT Researchers analyzed 10,662 tweets mentioning #seizure or #seizures, 41% of tweets were derogatory...
On June 7, the history of a neighborhood will lead a transforming conversation on Change at #TEDxAdMo. Ready to be a FORCE?
Mexican Night. Margaritas. And now I'm making my husband watch Stardust.
I love love
Make sure you want to get in the ring before you get in the ring.
If necessary, Game 7 of Rangers-#Caps will be Saturday at 7:30 p.m. ET.
Hey everybody it's me Mason guest tweeting again. We have a bunch of teams bur no pics yet. Tweet me your favorite team pics
Mama Forever Calling Names & Shit .
Thank you!! <3
loving this weather.
Today feels like a salad sort of day. We’re partial to the Chop N Toss Salad but we’ve got plenty of options to choose from:...
Landline: unplugged. Sorry candidates, just too many of you.
If we don't stand up for children, then we don't stand for much.
sick Drum KiTs
Miss the simple days, like when you would go to buy Doritos and the only choices you had were Nacho Cheese and Cool Ranch.
It's a beautiful afternoon in El Paso.
I know. I'm a "smart" baseball guy, sometimes I just go out there to have a good time and yell.
HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE!!!
Thanks a million to and for today's great #lodlam presentation and workshop. #si20 Great to meet all the attendees!
A car was on fire on pierson rd.
Wade traveled there!!!
@ Maria Maria. Packed as usual!
HAPPY TURKEY DAY!!
Ain't nothin' wrong with a truffle shuffle.
ha ha ha Goodnight Dean
WWYD if u&JUSTIN BIEBER were alone in a room? I wuld jst talk to hem act goofy show him who iam u no(:
I'm finna go to class . Fuck it
I was just going to tell you I got a weird DM from you & to change your PW. My only DM from you & it was spam. :'( Sad face.
A reminder that our #soccer tournament dates have CHANGED from May 21-22 to June 25-26! We hope you can still make it out!
This dude on #americasgottalent can belt it. Glad we have freedom to express ourselves. Woo!
Drinking, the musicians LSD of northern Wisconsin.
Probably as much as us Passover-observers feel! RT Do lactose intolerant people feel slighted on National Grilled Cheese Day?
i cant find you:( its so hard.
I was elected yesterday at my county convention to be a delegate to the Tx state convention in June. Who's going to be there?
True true. ^_~
Glad We Got Thru That Shit!
I'm excited to see you too, babe!
Hey Big Eye Brow! :-) How the heck are ya'?!
I wasn't there.. Remember I left. Them came back
Tell me why I didnt notice all these tweets!!
keep it real with Jeff....russell you will gain more at the end...keep smiling russell....
hahaha you need to come over to watch mr deeds logan. i miss you):
...or that those design books are so darn expensive that borrowing from library makes more sense. Again,just askin
Love is the poetry of the senses.
Exams done!
#FF put us in yours and we'll do the same!
“: I was trying to stop you, you weren't taking no for an answer..” but thanks for locking me in a room xD
You'll have super vision by day 10
The past week feels like ive been living in london...
aww, thanks! So glad to help a good cause. can't wait to see the movie! (love the music!)
...maybe a general model of information-sharing on internet? at least for some. (tho much much much much faster...& minus the "laboriously")
Lombardi gave the Jags a B, because he loved the punter pick. I think that says it all.
copy copy paste is trending?! wtf?!
Brrr it's cold out today, good day for relaxing #facial anyone?
make it count.
should of stayed this weekend so he could see what cornyval is all about :)
After a full marathon, you only have the energy to eat one!
NMSM pays for referrals. Friends or family thinking about satellite TV? Get me together with them. This can be a win/win/WIN introduction!
lol now that's really cool.. u took the time out to follow me & I wouldn't lead you wrong
rumsfeld! rumsfeld! 6 tweets in a day, personal record? what's the coffee intake?
much love :)
Wat an amazing night it was.innovators were good in garland tonight,flaviam u great bro.
Today is the 293rd birthday of John Montagu, otherwise known as the 4th Earl of #Sandwich! Any favorite fillings?!
I thought a relationship was based on compromise...i guess not.
iwould ... but you dont text me anymore .
I'm finna wear leggings tomorrow.
RT : You know that red blob pouring over Austin right now? Rode 3 miles in it w/ Hit every every single puddle!
There is a new Barbie doll on the market - Body-Piercing Barbie ...comes with mini-piercing gun and mini-body ornaments
i hate it when you're walking in front of someone and they just stop right in infront of you.
my boo there
Weaponry or adult beverages?
you learn something new everyday babe
That makes sense. Didn't even think of that. I wonder how bad it will be when the Patriots are on the clock. lol.
Thank you! We'll see you soon!
Block, punt, pass or tackle social media? You have to do one of them.
do your hair that day too, cmaaaan
going to go walking today :)))
have a good day too
Hope the #Brewers are ready to pick up some W's against the Astros this week. Tough home stand so far.
is an alternate solution to #BaldBarbie. 100% of purchase price helps #kidswithcancer travel for treatment.
you caught the train - I'm impressed :)
Its not all its cracked up to be...
Continue with the research.
RT : don't worry there's other fish in the sea.
On to the next one! Facebook growth with
Its blank
and what is #365Project ?
Adele was fantastic!
oh yeah it is mexican day!!! I forgot about that!!!! :)
Wishing all BPO #ELKS hoopshooters good luck in Springfield MA at national free-throw competition
"You can't do a resume in one hour." At CML, patrons can use job center computers for two hours.
Great crowd and great energy for game tonight! Love an excuse to give away free drinks and shots!
omg I didn't tell you?!
LOVE the video. Y'all are a MESS! RT'ing now.
Please help me find Molly!
Mac Miller isnt hot. He just makes good music.
We'll be there! RT R standing/storming together. On #March23 tweet what #ACA means 2 U @
We have just released full stream of "Long Island's Dead". CHECK IT OUT NOW!
I think the other 6 days of the week are reserved for him ;)
well thats good to know! thanks for letting me know real talk!
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted. - Aesop
the last time you tweeted me was...nevermind,you never noticed me btw. :)(
Good morning! Did you have a good weekend?
Yes, and for all three days. What about you?
so you see you didn't actually send me the link to that post.
What the hell? R u serious yes im glad too lol!
“: KD's dunk was unreal, nice inside foot rip through!” Rip through, ONE dribble top of the key to the rack!! Great move!
Looked like Charlie V went for Hollins' nuts.
those uni's are nice, I'll definately be contributing to the blackout.
you're so right. I get frustrated when I see adults that forget what it was like to be so little.
Also contact the Mayor's Office of Reintegration Services for Ex-Offenders at 215-683-3370. Great place to start.
@ Firm Solutions Unlimited we partner with firms to provide outsourcing solutions that improve productivity,efficiency and quality.
Toothbrush Express offers great savings on Oral-B Electric & Battery and most oral care products.
: #grateful for --> Fru-itiongirl. USmashed up my day w/a big smile. thank u Catherine! God rain some reign on you today!
I like twat and titties too...maybe we can make a group thing of it!
Set the kind of goals that will make something of you to achieve them. - Jim Rohn. F#%$ yah!
Hey, the #Caps still have a chance in my early edition.
I did eat another one. And did the chubby kid giggle all the while!
Can't wait till #TeenWolf!
A quick shout out to my honey boo boo feel better!
I'm glad you enjoyed it.And nice to meet you!
lmao that's right v
The BaltimoreGP may work out with JP Grant at the helm; if it doesn't they'll cut him off from lucrative city contracts.
Thank you so much for the Yin and ayurvedic yoga sessions on
What does everyone think of the new iPad?
I know it's a bit early in the day to think about beers, wait its never to early to think about beers! It's Monday $3Beer 50¢Wings ALL DAY!
'We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same.' - Carlos Castandeda
Haha it's just the way my work schedule worked out this week.
How, exactly, should you pay a contractor to work on your home? What is reasonable for a deposit to get started and subsequent payments?
Night everyone
was that an orange twist I saw in your pic?!
" Damn Eddie Murphy died "
just got in a taxi that she hoped was the Cash Cab (it wasn't) and is on her way to her fav NY Mexican restaurant. :)
Tweet me what you tell about.
That's a good plan, too. You could also consider the team that the pride of Flin Flon called home: Bobby Clarke.
Poised Creation has met many great people in Dallas! We would like to thank you for your kindness!
Getting up for that AP test tomorrow is gonna be awful..
VCU! Looking for another deep NCAA run!
it really did, though!
no. I don't have a car and I see firsthand how Zipcars are treated. If I had one, I wouldn't want others treating it like a rental
Pinterest tends to flush out all the manics among us.
Good luck with your move! Every time I've moved, I always feel like I've been hit my a train afterwards! Even using movers!
this is a good pod but it's not necessarily big enough. Check it out. The place "Shut Up and Eat" provided them and they rock
“: retweet if you want me to call Justin now :P TheWorld<U+2665>Biebs” I do ! (: I want him to follow me too ! Along with u ! Please.
Got a "man-crush" do ya?!?! LOL I can totally see why!! He is a #hottie!
Honestly can't get enough of watching the #BOFRIENDVIDEO !!!
I want to dance in an empty street along to I'll be Seeing You with someone. <3
That would be nice! It's like the new "You're Fired"
Chillin at home.
I love the NC2A FB podcast- can you recommend an NC2A BB podcast (similar to your FB podcast)?
Can my Chargers get a road win... hopefully cuz it's time to fire up.
Haha that cute STRAIGHT guy at warped was digging on you ;D
You are too I'm sure. Was it a contest or something, or does his Dad have great library connections ;)
Pasties as "support">#Heat supporting cast RT : #ILikeWhatYouDidThere RT : outkast>heat's supporting cast
Leave me alone.
“: Repeating and surprised when you get the same results #youdumbashell” actually, thats the definition of psychotic hahaha
Just woke up.
Me:*burps in Adam's face* Adam:"I never wanted a sister. You know that right?" Lolololol!!!!!
We could have fallen in love... <3
What is the best audio software for EVPS?
Demo tape or it didn't happen.
I feel like a bitch!
Even when things are hard... Someone has it harder and there is a reason for it all
Just finished homework and now im a lil tired -_-
Headline of the day, from The Oregonian: "Beavers enjoy taking their licks." Was the desk asleep? Or was it on purpose?
I wanna lay down for two minutes and that turns into two hours.
I feel like this was a poor goal in light of how awful my OCD is--especially in regards to my attachment to numbers. Ugh.
RT : having big /klout score actually meaningless unless u know what community u have influence in
S/ to my president an next baby daddy for giving n xtra$100 on my food stamp so now that's mo $$$
Is it me or is the Facebook app for iPhone getting worse and worse every time it launches? Why can't Facebook make an app that works?
Im now begging for #HarbaughBowl 2
J5Muzik of course
It's been quite a week! 5 gigs, 5 rehearsals, got to hang around with Herbie Hancock, Benny Golson, Danny Glover, Buster Williams,...
Thanks, Randy--"The Landing" is a wonderful poem. Also, mine recounts one experience while cataloguing Merrill's books.
If your heart ain't into it, let them find another
: Darien PL now locks only iTunes & app stores. Other functionalities open based on parent requests. Flexibility!
'Yeah, whatever dude. I don't give a fuck. Its Wednesday!' -
My mom is amazing happy mothers day mom:) I love you.
your shits dope too. If you come to cali we should def play a show!
This is a crazy situation!
Well the lakers lost this game and most likely the series.. Hey at least we made the second round -shrugs-
re: TLR's future: I don't think business is the right call 4 a guy who waits until 2 outs/2 strikes/bottom 9 to get a job done.
RT : ".. celebrates the fearless impulse that compels every great artist to create & inspire us to think."...
I finally bit the bullet and bought those expensive, space saving hangers. I see closet cleaning in my future!!
Packing for my much needed getaway.
Final segment of the week on the show. show coming up in about 10 minutes.
we sure do it is Facebook.com/samscafeoldsac
Pre Calculus » Inverse Functions on Graphers
all Beliebers follow Me I Love Justin and believe support and encourage him till the end Please follow Me show me Love !!
i would be the muppet that does something to fix the world for future generations. #peace www.livestream.com/globalrevolution
Watch The Daily SCene today at 10:30am on Ch. 8.1 and TrojanVision! Last show!
- Hi Andy - We should be live in mid to late January.
Had a good BBQ and pool party this evening. Now it's time for TV shows!
I'm sorry I'm not perfect
nothing much, just chillin at my house. You?
Night= Ruined.
It is that time again - CNN reveals magic election maps on TV and online. We love their use of infographics to drive interest and...
Yeah! You were in a bad mood or something & I said if you need anything I'm here for yah bro! & you said thanks man!
I just saw a game to brainstorm games, tweeted it today, can't find my bookmark ugh
Cleaning the house. We have a huge surprise gift for her in her room. She is going to be so happy when she gets home from work tonight!
Milwaukee, get your clapping skills together, please. Thank you.
This weird alien movie is on TV.
50% OFF all ORANGE TAGGED Media for the month of April! Come on in!!!
Babylon 5 removed from Netflix instant. Major boo! What modern-classic sci-fi do I catch up on now!? I already watched Earth 2 & Seaquest.
Im salty she going to sleep on me
offers a Pynchon Inherent Vice-inspired set, the Roseanne Simeone poetry minute and twisted nerves on Radio Freedonia from 2-4 PM @ wtju.net
really wut the hell is wrong with guys im given u all the signs i cant stand it im bout to scream in ur face I LOVE U cant u c that
"tenure"!! Good Choice. You go to U of Miami?
Just 30 more minutes and off for 2 days !! Y e s !
Beige and taupe, beige and taupe.
Finally made it. #Catlanta in in you. Walking into the dome now!
happy Friday girly....
What I would give to have my 16 year old hair again.
Casting: Female Pugnacious 21 yr old bomb shell for a series email your headshot and resume to . Must be a good actress.
the baby burrito was gluttonous glory at its finest
Live streaming Libya revolt while researching American fashion design
well sure I will!
Yeah white wrote meaning books refer to Blacks as Ni**a/Ni**er. World book dictionary says
"Shelter" by Ray LaMontagne
got a strange look when I called gigabytes "gigabiscuits"
Let freedom ring.
My hubby doesn't want me watching live because he's on his way home and wants to watch 'together' ugh!!!
I really want the #no strings attached DVD
It's been 11 months since my last race. Guess who is getting a little excited for tomorrow? That's right. THIS GUY!!!
do you know if anyone in Chicago is looking for people to join there crew??
so you still have to come have a beer in Pipers! :)
Models seem to be in agreement w/each other this mornin for some sort of rain to snow transition on Sun! Timing is crucial for accumulation
hey I saw this YouTube video of u and I Love the way u talk omg!
THAT SOUNDS TERRIFYING! RT: Oh how I want to shoot you guys when I'm back in Chicago in March :)
Almost crashed my car. RT I want to be the first president with a cat or maybe just fall in love before I die.
Hey Hey, look at me!!
Double-digit scorers who get >10% of FGA blocked: G Wallace, Teague, Lawson, Cousins, T Allen, + K Humphries, who gets 15% of FGA blkd.
This is all happening too fast.
Omg! It's the hilarious Vrajesh! :D
I'll buy you some beer!! Haha
I thought you were suppose to forward to our cell phones when you went down , that is what sales told us ,
NaLee CHECK IT OUT mermaids dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold NaLee2010.com
wow where is this
So To insure good health , eat lightly, breathe deeply, live moderately, cultivate cheerfulness and most important is to maintain an...
To my followers: I have apparently hit a Twitter following limit. I will follow you back as soon as Twitter says I am a good boy.
Don't forget to hug your pet today!!
Happy 100th to Fenway and its great fans,players and memories
I talk my shit and back it up
saturday morning with hill
5 Hours till tip off!
2day i met a really crazy nana she saw me wearing justin bieber's shirt she wasyelling and crying i swear to god she told mei'm a belieber
I really like that user-approach “: our role is to inspire people to achieve: we care that they WANT to do something. #iplan”
Honestly school is pointless after the month of April. We don't do shit!
Jazz Vocalist/Songwriter Lisa McGlown Teams up with Music Legend Candi Staton on Beracah Records, Inc. to Release Jazz Single, “Tenderly”
well like I said not yet
Not completely true. Many people don't know the truth of what company does do the best talent may not apply.
2012 Chicken Run Rescue Photo Calendars on sale, $25 each. Email with "2012 Calendar" in subject line to order.
Every Dollar I Spend I Get Two More ..
Applebee’s = Fancy Denny’s
thanks for the mention, Laurie
WE WILL BE CLOSED EASTER SUNDAY . . . so do your weekend shopping early!
wow, thanks... So what did you do to resolve this problem?
Monty Burns
ITS A DONE DEAL
Is there any place in SoCal to get real croissants?
Delicious LifeStyled is a terrifice online magazine with tips on living a yummy life! Delicious LifeStyled- creating a mood with paint
I honestly don't know how I'm going to go the rest of spring quarter with no Internet or cable. This is torture right now!
DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME ON ME YOU'RE ALREADY A VOICE INSIDE MY HEAD
We hope you enjoyed the performance!
lol well, right. So why pay extra and wait so much longer?
agreed, Saints in NO gonna b tuff as hell regardless who's coachin
Thanks again for the interview! Let me know what you think.
Bout to go make some money
Maybe with ask the WRs getting hurt, SF may use Gore!
Preparing to interview Seun Kuti, live from Nigeria. Hopefully this is smoother than when I chatted w/ Toots Hibbert via cell from Jamaica.
you both are too kind. Thanks.
I'm horrible at finding you twitter folks on G+.. real names.. diff avatars.. so find ME on Google+ :) search for or :)
i cant afford 500$ shoes :/ :l
HELL YEA
Garnett on fire. Old ass
Hope to see you fort plains fans at west canada on thurs. Its gonna be nutso!
Please ignore spam messages from me, my Twitter account has a virus. Sorry!
not really ma dude lol
here we go! #extreme rules!
Follow my uncle
more devastated than losing the league to your city rivals on goal difference in stoppage time?
Had a fun night with friends. Not gonna let something get me down
Work work work #bleh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Hooray! Love you too!!!
Trying to decide whether to keep debating ag fans on twitter or take away that candy my baby is eating.
Often I feel that I should be doing some other tasks than the one I'm doing. What's up with that? One thing at a time!
Thinkin of a master plan
Jake & the Neverland Pirates drew a hidden treasure map and "hid" the treasure for the best Mum ever to try to find!
recycling all my old notes and junk >>>>>
Shit. I can't work on those Gratitude Crystals until I finish Super Mario 3D Land
BOL ' jus seen a man blowing his speakers listening to " Asking All Them Questions " Lol !
sign him to he Blazers!
ahaha that sucks! I have a science project & were supposed to draw && I suck at drawing so I'm just not gonna do it cx
Need to get Filemaker Data normalized against itself this week. Then next week we will begin to compare FM data against SQL data. What Fun
So he says he is going to make me millions!
Prof. Dan Wallace made "1st Cen Mark" claim while debating Bart Ehrman at UNC earlier this month. Will send link in few min.
Felice Brothers (S.T.), Jim Waive & the Young Divorcees (Strike a Match), Man Man (Rabbit Hats), Horse Feathers (Horse With No Home)
Hello new followers!
“: where was this visit at in Knoxville?” I heard it was at UT
a bikini calendar consisting of female astronauts
Good morning to you all ;D
Carmelo and JR Smith have taken over half the Knicks' shots in the series and have shot 38%. Tough to win that way.
thats actually really racist. but thanks anyway
Great book for understanding what tactics get used to "sell" us every day.
S/b "sometimes the electricity works--bring flashlights" RT : Connecticut's new tourism slogan is "Still Revolutionary." Thoughts?
Oh, Jenna talks!
my life would be over. I had all of my textbooks on kindle this semester!! Love, love, love.
lmaoo yes . It's jut starring at me .
I appreciate every single one of my followers! Yal make my day exciting! :) thanks!!
Just got thru pressin my hair.... LORD.!!!!! That took way longer than it should have but atleast its lookin rite now :) lmao
thanks you 4 your business! We love our customers!
you are awesome!
RT : We don't want 1 billion dollars. We want to help raise 1 billion dollars for researchers and scientists. It's that simple.
follow me!
No THAT'S funny!
still trying to figure that out lol
Be blessed ppl bout to hoop these niggas out like zbo lol
Having my ear talked off.
Looking forward to seeing the Team in Reno!
Attacking a players family is 100% uncalled for. Attacking a player over the computer just makes them morons. lol
They're gonna jack the price of oil/gas....going to fill the truck.
Woke up thinking about the root words leg and lect. Interesting...and I'm drinking water from a Beatles glass.
Cool, I just discovered git checkout --theirs and --ours for fixing merge conflicts.
It seems cool, like pandora, but any song you want, offline access and it syncs your itunes library to your phone wirelessly
I'm not a YS librarian & I don't have kids. I have no idea what 3 year olds like.
Been thinking about that psychopathic kid profiled in the NYT yesterday. It's like watching a bomb to see if it'll blow.
Wichita State made it look really hard.
Haven't tweeted in a while. Still writing, just sold a script. Am playing piano at The Other Side in Silverlake tonight.
About to fill out my first job application. (:
son Zach and his buddy Eva had fun precinct walking with their moms today!
Spotted at sleepaway #visitingday: Jr counselors reading "Too Big To Fail" for fun. Guess there really is a post-Harry Potter vacuum.
HAPPY 18TH BRITHDAY JUSTIN DREW BIEBER I LOVE YOU SOME MUCH REMBERING 18 YEARS AGO SOMETHING CAME TO BE.<3
what up
I'm thinking a vacation for one is in order.
Estimator: "Anyone know what FRB stands for?" Me: "Fucking rat bastard?"
have you shoot any docs?
Floyd he Is a beast
Of course! I love it:) Thanks for the shout out! Have a great day!
where u at punk?
Also, wrote a short article regarding fellow human beings. Most articles are or will be available online. Keywords: Roman Piso, Piso Christ.
We pick a winner from each! And we're glad that you're as excited for the season as we are...see you in May!!
Odd how I'm still upset by the one ugly patron when 15 others had a great time and were appreciative
- we have lots of exciting new deals. If you want to message me your email, I'll send you some details later.
jonathon joseph didn't deserve it
Hahahahahaha RT : So in love it's not funny .......
watching to see how everything plays out
I know, lol
Doing wonderful! And how bout u?
I would expect nothing less. Also, looks amazing - good luck!
who them hoes??
All I Needed by its old but i still love it to death. <3
Smoking without me<<<
I had two slices of 99 cent pizza and a can of coke on Saint Marks. I hate classic coke in white cans.
rocking out to some of your new mixes from
u tweet too much son
in session: Emotional Intelligence. What does tweeting say about emotional awareness?
Thanks for the Tweet and the follow.
agree, double edged sword.
teaching with choreography: it works cuz some students can really dance! For lang class is v repetitive, but so is dance so it works
we're releasing a new song soon. Don't worry, it'll be free :)
Nobody's perfect..
Merry Christmas everyone ... headed to the STAPLES Center with and plan on seeing later on at the game.
30 minutes left to vote, people. If you haven't - do it!
So my highlights kinda turned out between burgundy and purple. Oh well, I've always wanted burgundy or purple streaks in my hair.
I have candy
Awesome art apprenticeship opportunity for young people 16 - 22 at the Honolulu Academy of the Arts. deadline is August 18th, so get the...
RT : Warminster: Train #407 has been canceled due to manpower issues. >Translation: the crew didn't show up today.
Gonna get ready , and go see my Daddy (: He's outta ICU now !! He's back on the eighth floor again .
follow before she commits!17
Trying to figure out what to wear tomorrow.
Very excited to see in concert tonight at the Keswick. I know it's going to be amazing!!!!
Such a nice night out.
It's won't be happening basically.
RT : "Great minds talk about ideas. Average minds talk about events. Small minds talk about other people" - Eleanor Roosvelt
sometime let me share my daddy's () jame/apple butter with you <3
Okay, that's like 10 minutes from my house.
Jaycee is my hero
#wewontlastif when you reply to my texts, it's always "oh", "cool", and "k"
meet at your place tonight? what time?
Oh, we get Thai so I wasn't even thinking of that. Love their thai pad shrimp, but I get Tofu.
Companies who feel like they have "too much to lose" have already lost.
I'm still giggling when I think about how likes his Mexican food.
bet i know whats up right about now.
yeah, sometimes I wake up & love it and sometimes i wake up and wonder "what was I thinking?!"" :) Sunrise helps perspective
marry me <3
YAY! I tried my hand at iMovie & I really like it. I want to keep that a constant in my videos moving forward :)
Of course!
Thanks for the follow!
r u still good for summer of love?
seriously though what does fish breath smell like
great new avi picture :)
Things are gonna get sloppy at the IFC this weekend, and by things I mean me.
People will forget what u have said & they will forget what u have done but they will never forget the way u made them feel
Hell ya
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. <3
I knew looking in the cafeteria was the wrong place. Im hanging in the lib from now one. #Helpfulhint. Thanks
I mean, when Faried and Shumpert get a vote, it's odd. No way around that.
Dear #Canucks, could we please not take this game into overtime again? The east coasters can't stay awake that long! Win early!
knew that would be the deal sealer!
I'm jailed. In the baseball offseason.
baha of course it did ;)
hey it's one of my favorite people in spokane
haaahahaha whoa I don't think anyone is supposed to admit that... Ever.
kicks off his presentation at City Uni London
Tech patents are a strange creature, as an attorney I see the reason and usefulness, as programmer I know they are more akin to copyright
Cheat Day Failure: A million cookies plus alcohol equals PATRIOTS LOSE. My stomach is a patriot. It too has a
can u follow me back please : ) if u do i wont stop listenin to yuh music well i do it evryday so yea thnx again #COD <3
Ahahaha (: Can't, phone's dead.
Reception w\ Minister of #Arts&Culture from #South Africa in 30 mins.Carnegie Build, .Join us!
Subcultural theories look at a rejection of middle class goals/values and prioritization of other values such as toughness.
Oh my God the crazy fucking rebate lady that screamed at me for 20 minutes just came in. God save me.
RT : The problem with git jokes is everyone has their own version.
I'm expecting to be on Twitter tmw during 4th period.
call me now
Thanks for the follow, Jim! 87 marathons, I got tired just reading that... Good luck w/ the book!
Get one project done just in time to start two more! Bye bye freetime... Hopefully we will meet again.
you were one of my favorites on baywatch. Im following you on twitter
No, SERIOUSLY, thing I'm trying to write - you are pissing me the hell off! Cut it out!
God has truly blessed me with an amazing life. I am truly thankful.
great u ?
That on the cross, my burden gladly bearing, He bled and died to take away my sin
real MEN eat plants
Thanks to everyone who came out and saw us at Regatta! We hope you enjoyed dunking Andrew and Josh! :-)
School just started & im ready to go homee !. :|
Thanks for following ! If you see something you like please RT (retweet). Have a great day/night #Denver, whatever you do !
I selected that sentence because it's such a big truth (in general)
now That I would like to see!
Zipcar 4 business members don’t forget to ask your employees to follow us & we'll add $5 to your account for each employee!
Cool! tells me I was near earlier today on Market Street.
Just remember who was by your side when everyine else left.
haha so funny stop being a hater he didnt do anything to u
i suck at online pool. I'm about to call it a night
oh shut up...
New in cans, Longboard, full-bodied golden lager perfect for sunbathing on our Mellow roof. Now all we need is sun.
sorry im with amanda, julia and bri
don't expect me to go near you. or to "get any" from me. that just pissed me the fuck off. I'm so annoyed.
The cool part about life is how you don't have to listen to anyone's bullshit. You just do what you personally think is right.
Just gonna say it...these boy bands that are out right now ain't got NOTHIN on n'Sync and backstreet
hell probably be backup see how Peyton performs like u know throwing the football like I'm guessing
Start your new year off right, like my Facebook page: Facebook.com/stacyschuble
He's my best friend but he's also my boy friend<3
Boy: "You're like summer." Girl: "Awww hot?" Boy: "Nope, no class."
well i think we ladies have bigger problems than ryan gosling right now. amitre or amirite?
"Great! Currently at a PTA Leadership Training Convention. Please forgive my tardy reply to your tweet." ~ Solomon
I think you may be correct but I certainly hope not.
#AllAccess For me, in my lifetime, Barry Bonds off of Lee Smith which drove the Pirates to the '91 Division Crown.
thank ya! how's big d treatin you?
what kinda crap is that, don't eat it lol
Go Bonnie's!!!
Don't forget to go vote today! And hopefully you'll vote for Diane Denish to keep the film incentives in NM :)
Show dem broke hoes ya Bankroll <U+E12F>
just got back from put-in-bay we went to the roundhouse,frosty,three swim bars, and the choclate musem sorry for mis spelling
she was yelling "ewwww" so I thought there was like a bug or something but no, it was just my bra. Hahaha
Who else can't wait to see tomorrow night?!
dont settle for a relationship that wont let you be yourself.
my phone is texting me...
54 outs, deadlift Al Newman, and you have to eat a Dodger dog between every inning. That's my final offer.
I believe was trying to force another tweet after you signed off...
Happy #WorldTeachersDay - wish I could go & thank my K-12 teachers who proved to me that reading & learning can definitely be fun!
babee you always got me duh!
#nowplaying good feeling (:
Dios mio RT : lost my keys on cinco de mayo. possibly downtown anchorage possibly knik. HELP ME JESUS
Hah, whoops :) Thanks for the RT, Todd!
Man the #Spurs look like the team to beat in the West!
Say it like it is! "Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with." - Bach
Love is the self-delusion we manufacture to justify the trouble we take to have sex.
A 2 hour tour of a day care. Seriously.
PMs are as sexy as accountants. LazyPM
Hey Dawn! We just responded to your support ticket. Please advise at your earliest convenience :) Thanks for your time!
didnt know this was soccer -_-
Vegas!! CES! Here we come!
That's a pretty good idea. It's like Special Features and Deleted Scenes on DVD's. But, why limit it to the Kindle?
Off to Idaho!
Tattoo Crew.
im busy.
RT : A lovely day to take a stroll thru da park
RT : Come to #PRIMAL tonight!!! College ID $1 ALL NITE! Ladies FREE all NITE! Shuttles running to Primal all NITE #TeamSelfi ...
we got #themoveslikejagger !
Don't walk into a bakery in a bad neighborhood yelling Ho Ho Ho. You might get offered more then free cookies Just smile that's enough
Just received a coupon in the mail: Buy one sock, get one FREE! While socks last.
approaching Lakeland and Winter Haven..it brings back good memoriies (:
Let me know if you find it!
.....sometimes his barber messes up his linin. Lol
I may not be the best, but I'<U+0092>m definitely not like the rest.
People are dirty. I'm Laying out in my yard it's obvious you're a perv when you turn down my dead end road and then turn around at the end.
Next up Oklahoma's Denise L. Burns reciting "Fishing on the Susquehanna in July" by Billy Collins
not trying to be rude but you've sent this msg to me about 15 times
Even though I know you're no good I want you anyways.
hey looney are you on steroids? You look big
RT if you love Greg Mahoney. <U+2665>
The awards show was off the chain lastnight. Kevin Hart was so hilarious and Kelly Rowland was outstanding. Props 2 Nicki, Drake, & Wayne
Baseball game.
Mix in some "Rainbow in the Dark" and baby, you've got a stew goin'
great service!
I'm extremely bored, Someone should text me(:
Ig she wanna be on sum other shit so Ima let her do her n find me a dwn ass bitch
When I get to the hotel imma lay my ass down my back hurt from this ride.
Cool! This year's open house is April 27-28. See u there!
thank you :)
your girl looks decent.. but the fact that she's with you makes her look desperate
who said we were best friends?cause i sure didnt.and you talk shit on rachel all the time.karmas a bitch . i hope you know that .
It's bad enough that subway plays shitty music, but to have an impromptu sing along by a customer is horrid. her boyfriend remains aloof.
Ok google gps thing once again me vs. U= me. Me, 100 u, 1
; so you DO like & want cock? #TwitterOfficial btw, did you receive the bandanna I threw at you?
if you ever visit me sweetie you will never be the same. Well, you'll never walk the same at the very least. Good 2 have u bk
I'm sure I'll be in the minority here, but I think it's a good thing that will have a week off before playing again.
just went to Northeast to support Congressman Kratovil and has lost a lot of faith in humanity.
's new earrings are making her earlobes itch!
I want some pop tarts!
Who do you think will be crowned champion at this weeks #ZurichClassic in New Orleans? Who's playing their best #golf right now? Tell us...
The difference is mentality; Atkins tends to be weight loss and short term, paleo tends to be lifestyle change
Thank you.
On top of that of course I gotta work.
#OWIF: It's getting dark. The fishmonger has suggested we grab our stuff from the raft and stay in the riverboat for the night.
We're playing the beaumont backyard in kansas city this evening. We go on at 6:00pm so get there early. (via )
Hahaha I figured they would but that's a little too far. Thanks though!
OH : "If you guys have one more left, I'll pound it with you."
RT : Want a #free cupcake from ? Stop by food court today-Sun to see Honda’s new CR-V!
G'Nite Jermichael! So glad you're back in Titletown!!
Poker 2 hours ago. Shooting for Saturday morning starts now. No sleep, Perfect!
RT : Dear Charlie Sheen - bad boys make us weak in the knees. Bad men make us weak in the stomach. Learn the difference.
I didn't mean u in particular! I meant the other analysts! Like Jon berry for example
We'll be working tomorrow because thats how we roll!
Finally got my new toy and now I have to go to work, boo!!
suck it
Wiltjer is vexing me with his defensive moves.
The Coyotes have played extremely dirty! YET, the keep rising above it all and has been great at keeping their composure.
not tomorrow..
So today Wrestle Mania 28! Excited even though there's going to be people pushing stepping on you and traffic -.-
just watched on the one show, and he sounds sexy with a british voice haha!, i loveyouu<3
librarians - showing not just constructing learning, but helping students to create new meaning
takingg that as a noo el oh el.
Inner healing involves moving from darkness to the light.
If you want to develop a strong mental attitude, hang out those who follow the teachings of Christ!
Thats my shit when im high
Im one goofy girl
Oh why hello...yes, dinner! Wednesday night?! There's some sort of 1920s party on the Surrey rooftop we can go to before :)
FACT: That is my exact height and weight
Cool. Sounds like a great idea for a site.
We ordered a chicken salad sandwich and an egg salad sandwich. We wonder which will come first.
home based business for women
About to give this bomb a** presentation today at 8 AM.
RT : Boston practice of Resources had an amazing day today! CPE event, Group lunch & CRAZY success on the BD side!
I need some more followers so people start following me i follow you back :D
If RGIII isn't the #1 Draft pick, something is wrong! He served up training camp passes in the 1st series!
yes sir I know that!!
Good luck. That is my school!
No pain, no brain, no gain. Physically- emotionally - mentally. #sales #psychology #success. Get tough now.
Carl Saff is the mastering master of disaster. Thanks Carl! www.saffmastering.com
U should do an Q AND A lol(:
my name is Samantha! and can it be with Niall? lol xx
Next conventions are geek media expo and sugoi con! Check em out.
where you at homie, come kick and drink
I knew u would b the first 2 wear dat hate shit what do it feel like on ur skin lol
My copy of Toni Morrison's HOME arrived today - I'm just waiting for the sun to go down before I climb into bed and into the story!
Life is too short to be anything but happy
Whoops. I definitely read the capital letters after the rest of them.
A cat burglar stole money from Austin Pets Alive. Police r looking for person responsible. Details at 5.
: What is it?
Haven't touched my printer in ages yet it still breaks... printers are the worst.
sweet! thanks. updating to it now.
RT : Tremendous effort this #HallOfFame weekend no ones thanking you....didnt you do anything?
We are a Voodoo Lab dealer!! We have your pedal on order!!
DT ooh not good, didn't realize it spread to US. How did presentation go?
seized illegal substances (pills and marijuana) found in the suspect's home. The officers overstepped their boundaries by entering the home
yayyy half day! #pointless but hey, i'll take it.
Finally everyone is sad, just that some people can pretend be happy for one second.
Ah I be in Florida 1 week from today!!
I gotta say that whole death joke shit is ridiculous.
Setting up twitter to begin twitting!
Aw man. What a way to start All Star wknd!! SMH. Cant get much better than that.......can it? Lol.
Rockin' out to Maroon 5 at the
I guess nobody really has a full album they enjoy....
So I hear it's #NationalWaterGunFightDay? My advice...Be sure to wear your water resistant sunscreen as you battle through the day. Go blue!
Working on and ! Really looking forward to the events ahead!!
My toes look kinda like little sausages. Yum(:
pls follow me make my dreams come true I have been trying since 2009Notice me please please please pls.loveu 38
Did anything funny happen online today? We like to stay up to date what the cool videos are so let us know!
Met game with my biddies and <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
one last trip to the grove to get the last of my stuff, then I'm officially home for summer :)
hope Jonah enjoys his Dinosaur art for his new big boy room ! Thanks for coming today :)
Ha! Maybe to ask ?s abt it, give feedback, find out if changes are coming. Would appreciate specifics if you'd share.
OMG, thank you! Wonderful and it made me laugh :)
We will accept your return to Twitter as long as you start to refer to Football as Soccer.
Bout to watch Kimbo Slice vs. Matt Mitrione on ESPN2HD. You know we gotta go home team, Kimbo.
Ah, nice character-development episode of Mad Men. Poor ol' greasy Pete.
What I wouldn't do for a chocolate cupcake right now
Finally decided to take a break for a while. Its weird and scary.
A wise choice, Gregg, money isn't happiness. Keep up the good work.
RT On indomie diet till I leave this horrible town.
Good to hear! :)
I want kolaches from that one place by the tracks. Lol
Lemonade Mouth :) <3
Love for CCBY is reminding me of a talk last month by Mackenzie Smith about possible attribute stacking problems, encouraging CC0
My god. Talk about a rude awakening. RT : Mariano Rivera says ACL torn, "meniscus also."
Heading to the annual Plateau LMS/Successfactors conference this weekend. Will you be there?
Just realized I've been giving my husband the bieber-post-haircut haircut. #secretadmirer?
RT : Happy St. Patrick’s Day to all of our members and business partners! Enjoy; we are right here if you need assistance!
Sorry for neglecting you, twitterverse. Things have been crazy!
If i have to wait until california turns mid night to play this game i'll freak the fuck out and kill californians.
I think it's fitting that my 4000th tweet was to announce that I have a job. Two big milestones!
Gill-- early traumas actually cause hemispheral damage to the brain
thanks so much for your support!
Solution: Prisoner University! RT A college student costs the state $8,667 per year; a prisoner costs it $45,006 a year.
Did you hear how many times he said "bang?'
Thanks ! Hope the article was helpful for you. :D RT
Me and you your mama n your cousin 2
Car wash going on now at Pizza Patron on Central and Baseline RIP Steven Carrillo
well it may not be pretty. Lol. But I will walk around on the court and shoot. Lol
yea haha so we goin to the y tomorrow
hey, sidekick!
Who does everyone think is the MVP of tonight's game? My vote goes to
Lemon AIDS!!
That and being online too much. :)
awesome, just followed... DM me the details mate
Get your #CherryBlossom fix at Buddha-Bar! Delicious $6 Cherry Blossom Cocktails and Cherry Crumble tarts for the cherry aficionado ;)
Thank you for instructing #insuranceagent CE at today.
And thank YOU for being part of it.
HeLLo RT : The EP is a game changer. It was an honor to be part of it.
I absolutely agree.
Harry and Zayn can get this anytime they want
Thanks so much! RT great tour/tasting today!
Hey, you should try out the BloodyCheckers now !! The new update is amazing !!
My top 3: 1) empire strikes back (originator of the movie twist/ best nerd movie) #2 dark knight #3 avengers
B) I felt like a mummified corpse the entire time C) I couldn't verify the gender of the Asian masseuse D) ALL OF THE ABOVE
follow back thanks
So, happy Thursday everyone! Hope everyone is crushing their workouts today!
unfortunately that is not up to the fans, it's their management. so don't blame it on the US and other countries.
Set Impulse Shopping Flag!
.: Sex is half a billion years older than we are. This idea that we have sex. Bullshit. Sex has us.
Selena Gomez conjured five wins at the Teen Choice Awards - one more than boyfriend Justin Bieber.
i be getting mad fa no reason sum times hahah !! it's all good though imma cool nigga in person though!
thanks for coming :)
And I bet if you asked them, they'd tell you they would have loved to have some of the stuff we have at our disposal!
Thanks for the tasty Gobbler GF sandwich ! YUM!! :-)
RALPH! I don't want any parts of that.
Masters Of Horror fest in bed, good things come in threes.
Someone should sing me to sleep or something lol
I honestly was NOT referring to you. Too ling of a story to tell here. I do hope you're doing well!
Can't sleep
There is talk of a super secret Recorder show happening soon!
The musician in the Suburban Station concourse is vigorously butchering a series of songs that did nothing to provoke him.
I really wanna get this account followers up... so like gimme a shoutout and i'll give you one!(:
i'm wearing purple tights today cuz tonight i see a play about wrestling.
Miami is so live right now!
Phillip is rocking the Dave Matthews 24/7
Okay. Still not believing this whole Kathryn McPhee as Broadway hopeful star thing.
Worst experience ever at the one off Marsh Ln & Northwest Highway!!
Q: What did they call low tech, before they called it low tech? A: Reliable.
Trying to watch the Michigan - MSU game on low-def TV. High Definition TV has spoiled me.
We just joined the Redbull Soundstage!
lol what ever you said before.
Best place in Milwaukee for tattoos, ready go!
Go to her website and look at the fan art, fan tattoos, and her comments.
Eeh give it a while it gets OLD lol
It all comes down to the people who make you change your mind<3
Accidental tweets are the strangest
You can tell a lot about a hotel by the quality of the supplied iron and ironing board. Not to mention if you feel safe in barefeet....
“: Get out the car!! get out the car!!” Lmao
haha - never! Well, maybe moving and wanting to unpack had something to do with it
And he's a freak athlete, with a big wingspan, who hustles and plays hard. There's a lot of your answer.
No blondes in black cars? RT Oh, Spotify playlist? Autograph’s “Turn Up the Radio”?? Excuse me while I whip out the air guitar!!
No problem, (can u plz follow me back)
"I actually thought about you in Spain, "
Another fun wednesday night! Thank you to everyone that joined us! Hope you had a fun experience here at Revolver :)
we develop these rlationships of affinity yet call them by the names we feel truly apply. I have 2 nieces, 2 nephews ...
Great show today!!!! Chris Webber show 98xm Sirus... Love it!!!
you're so cute you could even travel the world for her, but she didn't realize how much you can do to have her.
did we not follow each other before? That's silly.
I was your hundred follower. booya.
RT : RIGHT NOW alert out for the Police in helicopters looking for Parolee in Encinitas, with Stay Inside and don't...
Its crazy how I wanted that chick and got her then figured out she is nothing like I predicted...
Day 3 of baby sleep training and going surprisingly well so far. Fingers crossed it continues.
Sending good thoughts to Sandy Leon for a speedy & strong recovery.
Come Explore w/me & on the free trolley! Look for the green shuttle stop signs throughout South End!
The 200th person to "like" Maggie & Stella's Cards & Gifts will receive a "token of appreciation"!
i just saw a photo of larry king with no shirt on and goodbye cruel world.
RT : RT if you are proud of being Latino.
heading back to LaLa land!
You might not remember me from Wease show, but I'm excited to see a shot of you on today's Mets game. I'm a HUGE Mets fan
I haven't smoked since I left Orlando. damn proud of myself
Thanks for the mentions!
it was trending, and im a total Directioner <33333
I love how Westlaw Next shows me these cool tools I'd like to try out, but find out at the last button click that it's not part of my plan.
um hey kid, please explain how do I loose 5 pounds in 2 days?
Free Pastries tonight in #Pittsburgh! From 5 - 7 p.m. come to PFP to meet our new Head Baker Jim and try out some of his AMAZING desserts!
Just me and the engineer today. Editing is so fascinating to watch. Very cool art form!
Omg I'm so fucking Uncomfortable today!
Just launched on Youtube! Vegan 101 Season 2 Episodes 1 - 3 starring Eric Roberts! www.youtube.com/joannemrose1
It's not necessarily the amount of time you spend at practice that counts; it's what you put into the practice.
G Silverman: reader as fused being in cohabitation rather than autonomous liberal subject
Whoever is in my house bumping Justin bieber, fuck you
please follow back?
I also feel the need to show after I start swearing too ;)
Seriously.... I guess we don't know very well...because we love working out, love dogs and live in dupont.
you getting the bus tomorrow lass?
Smoke got her eyes lookin like she from Korea.
Jealous!! Have some wine for me! :)
All I want in my life is more hunger games!
Being at my aunt and uncle's house makes me realize what I missed out on through out my life..
welcome to twitter ;)
I want to so bad! I'm not sure I'll have the money! U so should get one tho! :)
47- i really like the name kassie and youre really pretty!!! <U+2665>
Also considering "I Get Why Ginny Wolff Put Those Stones In Her Pockets."
Re: that last RT, the scene where Cortez talks about his husband was probably one of the most emotionally intense in the game for me.
Sometimes what you have imagined can’t be fulfilled due to space configurations.It is wise to work with your hired Interior...
In San Diego! Hanging out with Brody today!
I haven't been to a paper-based company that's passing invoices in less than 20 days - they can't do it - Henry Ijams at
the ackward moment when you get shampoo in your i and act like theres a monster in front of you
Did you know that meditation boosts the judgement part of your brain?
Is it just me, or does Lucroy always look bored?
sounds like my kind of party!
i ask u 1 question haha
Our new Harmony contain vitamins & minerals but most important Zinc which has been shown in studies to increase the body's absorption of HCG
: In yr Yelp inbox, dear friend!
well of course!
I'm looking for recommendations for iPhone web browser. What is best in free or very cheep? Thnks DMarie
So true! Some of the greatest minds in the world, past and present, have never been to college.
people are saying "happy Mother's day" because it's midnight EST? I don't think my mom has ever been up past 11pm.
thanks for the support! I need it! I'm in grad school for my MBA and we're closing on a house in a week!
I'm super excited to see my boys talk tonight at #WhenDevelopersTalk!! See you at the Gin Mill :D
So I met this prostitute who said she'd do anything for $10. Guess who got his car washed?!
QoTD: "You may delay, but time will not, and lost time is never found again." (Benjamin Franklin)
Got a spiffy nameplate for my office. Its official then! :)
bianca is the best
Tomorrow's my volunteer shift at the #SJMQT gift shop - stop by and say hello! Open 10am - 5pm, and the awesome Shaheen exhibit is still up.
After reading the blog I feel better about it. I just hope things only change for the better. Congrats guys!
check on volunteer slots in 2012, email . hope to see you in our kitchen soon!
Gilli, Thanks so much for RT!
Its not how you start, but how you finish that counts! Go bulls
I agree Shurmur is a dope, but McCoy isn't a starting NFL qb which is my only point.
What's the downtown action this sunny Saturday? #whosout?
"One dog yelping at nothing will set ten thousand straining at their collars” ~~ Japanese proverb (Thanks to my friend Harvey B.)
can you please folow me ? x3
WHY COME ERY NIGGA SWEAR DEY BALL'N OUT OF CONTROL WHEN DA TRUTH IZ IF U WAS REALLY HAV'N BREAD THERE WOULD B NO NEED 2 SAY IT WOULD SHOW..
so just enough to cover Rodger's 64 and some change contract.
oh my gosh !!! This is literally the best night of all my 14 years living!!! I love you so much ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Crowd goes crazy with each song!!
i know looks like ron will end up 2nd
looks super cute with his
ugh I got this project due 2maw........i needs to get on top of things
My daughter is continually flipping through the pages of her History book, going "UH". She's not a zombie, I promise.
RT Apparently Davy Jones has taken his last train to Clarksville.
VI introduced the "kps" concept and was well received by the conference.
I've seen lighter colored leather on my Doc Martins.
what are the box looking license plate things any thing in particular - I like them
do you think art and food are a natural intersection?
#DesireThursdays the sensation of surrendering to a desire is living life force.
Also, this might be the last one with Steve Jobs' input. What more could I want in a phone after this? Can't think of anything atm.
I typed gotcha in my phone and it auto corrected to Hochstatter.
watching these cats struggle through an easy game. #BBN fool
what let me roll up on yo booty??
I heard some funny shit today
<3 i love you
Just had chili, pulled pork sandwich, roast beef, fruit, cake and pie. Thanks publix samples for suppling dinner
Congrats to the new addition,
Hey here's ur good morning tweet. Bahaha
Had a great time at the info session this morning! Time to get started on my application for the Non Profit Mngmt program!!
There is hope for the future because God has a sense of humor and we are funny to God
Believe I'm gettin that hat!!
People say I'm lucky...I say that I'm blessed
I dd not believe he meant a word he said about the housing issue just smoke and mirrors.
things are really heating up on Pros and Cons...make sure to follow us on Twitter and Facebook...
#NFLPA Exit Symposium The 2012 offering focused on: Depression in Transition -presented by the University of Michigan Depression Center
I can't make it I just need to rest my eyes for 5 minutes lol
Congrats to Casey Talbot and Betty Zhao for winning this week's swag giveaway!
Last year's #Kindle: Never has #tech been so dated. Next version completely telepathic. Send #Amazon $, #entertainment routed to your brain
The Viarte... Space has style just like every person has their own unique style. The Viarte is design venture company understands space. …
Much needed sleep.
Lol , I would've been here anyways !
Never do anything against conscience even if the state demands it. ~Albert Einstein
Haha, me too. It's outrageous. They're ridiculous, Lol
I havent gone to church in forever but that wont change the fact that i love god and thank him for everything i have <3
Finishing up a long and interesting week at the Wyoming Library Association. So great. Everyone knows everyone, and they're INTO it.
Sweet! are on the MLB network! ....and losing horribly already :( plenty of time left!
its not just girls :D
Sure RT : VOTE=YES RT : Maybe we can add to #Toolschat topic suggestion. Overall list management tool
Thanks for another lovely evening at the market. Come on back this Saturday - there are GREAT gift ideas here...and what talented...
Farrah Fawcett + Michael Jackson. Did you know Tatum O'Neal dated Michael Jackson in her teens? Ryan O'Neal her father was Farrahs partner!
So excited for #naeamuse preconference today!
love you to
Generally they just stick to bones and work backward to the murder. Not pretty sometimes.
Did you know? If you say "Raise Up Lights" you just said "Razor Blades" in an Australian accent!
“: This fool is playin temple run in the booth. I should charge by the hour..” let's go then!!! Waiting on u to hit rec
"Prediction is hard to do - especially if it is about the future!" - listening to Michio Kaku at
hey Sam! You're an amazing back!! Best wishes!
#pdxduckbizlunch...if I need my duck football rose bowl championship ring I am going to Ronnie Malka !
thanks for lettin us know...
Yeah bro The new crew baby
It's finally time to put on the snow boots here in Wisconsin! Then again, it's all starting to melt already.
ITS SENIOR NIGHT at Sessions Stadium! hosts ETSU at 630pm! Pregame festivities at 615!
we are young
RT : Wow, just blew every other OEM out of the water. Fantastic spot showcasing Detroit the city as more than...
You Cant Make Everyone Be Your Friend...
sadly it does :-(
Ya, a friend of mine is one of the writers! Glad you enjoyed it, i'll pass it along
Song Trivia! Sneaker Pimps - "Flowers And Silence" is about what?
-Omw to Greensboro =)
....and my bad mood is back.
Apparently, #selectivetweets for facebook hasn't been working for me...will be using TweetDeck more often, I guess...
RT : Grace is meant to justify the sinner. Grace is never meant to justify our sins. Jon Walker
Only little kids think going to quinceaneras is "Crunk" [family 15s don't count)
good win for Rashad Evans tonight.would have loved to seen a knockout,but a win is a win nonetheless.really hope he gets his belt back.
Shooting a music video for one of our upcoming releases, "Nights" tomorrow. If you want to be an extra just shoot us a message on Twitter!
My heart is an easy thing for you to win <3
": I didn't know people really owned Ntelos Phones lol" what the hell iz thaat
This is for my ladies in the 280s Mercedes, in the H3, Baby Ranges, Bentley Coupes, my Escalades Say oh. Oh, oh.
Stop complaining to me, because I'm not listening.
I remember when obama became president and all the rachet girls was talkin about he's cute tho O.o
would u dm me?
That special text a special someone w3
If i could get a couple goodmornings back , that'll make my day .
Morning run
I just considered getting a life coach, but I should probably get a life first.
thanks man.
Laughter is the best medicine. A single laugh may boost your immune systems defenses for up to 3 days.
huge win. I thought Rodgers was gone. Herrera is terrible. Good trade.
#united airlines They break guitars & now baggage. Offers duffle bag on wheels but have to unpack old case and give to them. Please!
neither have i
I'm proud to live in a country where people have the freedom to be disrespectful to our POTUS, and still call themselves patriots.
Officially a hornet. ASU BABY
Looking forward to working with my 2011 mentors.
Yep. Plus Bravo would surely put a few more bucks into the show's production, which wouldn't hurt.
so does mine haha Atleast there was room that time in the shes
Pop go the weasel-3rd bass
Richard Fish: "Everybody's alone. It's just easier to take in a relationship."
Isn't it too late?
Lindy Fix tonight at 8! Lesson with Sam and Miller. DJ Nate! Also come out for a lesson in Charleston Swingouts from 7-8!
Are you near Seattle and love film? Win 2 tickets to the 2012 Seattle International Film Festival-May 17th through June 10th Tweet us to win
But of course , my mothers cooking will ALWAYS come in first place hands down . .
I feel like I'd rather change my name and leave the country then go to this dentist appointment I made.
guys who race fourwheelers. >>>
ugh my dreamcatcher isn't working anymore.
So busy tonight!!!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! RT : #FF to the one, the only for being generally awesome - and because today's his birthday!
What is a him job?
Thanks! We hope you had a great New Years as well! :)
Super bummed I had to buy my planters online. :(
restless night sleep, more productive designing. Guess I will need lots of coffee today! Good morning Twitter.
I am so blessed life can't get any better than this.
Woulda never had seen that defeat on the Dolphins!'! Was it just a daymare??? Grrrrrrr
Reason # 194 why getting older is awesome. I can eat cake for breakfast and my mom won't punish me
I can agree, the depictions were the very things people think of us as it is and that is not the majority
I decided to follow you because I kept seeing awesome people RT you. And your profile pic is. Interesting.
no offense, thats fa less impressive ;-)
My one problem w/ finishing books by Seth Godin is that they make you want to start doing right away, and stop reading.
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NO ONE ELSE
": I love everything about you, except that you're not mine. #WS"
Serious insomnia tonight will make for a challenging (and long) day tomorrow.
hey zak, i have a question
": morning Davina. Are you ready for BBQ Fest?"sure why not ;-) ...
On 4/27 U wrote #CISPA was "developed in close consultation w/civil libertarians" I can't find any, name them.
Good morning, to everyone in #Marana ##Oro Valley #Tucson #Vail #Green Valley and all around our beautiful southern Arizona region.
I'm solid so I stand like a rock on my decisions
“: A humble and genuine acceptance speech from Congrats on your #MVP. #muchrespect” Vomit!
PETA & VEGAN Advertising Campaign. #IHaveAnIdea ! I know wht will make people think abt wht goes on in factory farms. #stop abusing. 12312
only got a mounth left in school ready to get da fuck away from high school!
If they interviewed me on guy code for a good ass night session this is wat i would say.....(Project X)
Watching last holiday :)
A.Come visit!B.come visit.C.How are you?I had to make up a character in acting class and bra fitter came to mind!my calling!
thanks for the RT! Hope to see you at the
What do I want for Lunch...Wallet empty..Lucky Me I spy a Hot pocket under the 4in thick freezer frost...yummy...
What’s your favorite Facebook ad?
you have a lot of tweets :O
Nashville, Tn with some of Gospels greatest, Candy West, Wess Morgan, Amber Bullock...and oh yeah, Griff. Lol! Had a blast praisin God!
And when she stops... She's not haha RT : If she's interested in you.... She checks your tweets. Face it.
Deleted my facebook app from my phone, again. This time for good?
u r so awesum anser me on fb that wuld be cool
yep. If we can avoid turnovers and bad special teams plays, we have a good chance to win I think.
Great talking to you as well. See you on the course!
At mash ups in the classroom session
Gud.RT "I've always seen it as the role of an artist to drag his inside out, give the audience all you've got." Henry Rollins
"The greatest threat to our national security comes from not providing a healthy start for all children & from not educating all children"
Spend the night at our Salomé room plus enjoy a beautiful Champagne and chocolates gift basket from . Delicious!!!
Keep them squares up out your circle.
Darn. Had my hopes up that he would go 7 for first time in pro career.
Off to the twice monthly "Random Shit Bookclub" meeting - catch ya on the flipside tweeple!
Hungry for a Chicago-Style Hot Dog? You pay $1 and you get $10 worth at Mad Dog's Eatery in Madison. www.dealoria.com
It's almost time to sleep. There's nothing interesting on TV, so what's the use.
Did just say the Courier Journal has a "hard on" for he and Drew Franklin?
Cavs need to sign JR Smith
I do love it :D
#Math and alcohol don't mix. Don't drink and derive. -- From Mathematicians Against Drunk Deriving, or MADD.
Well, the "resumator" URL (see previous mention) is the direct link to the application process. Good luck.,
Home is where the heart is
It's all about dabbin some of this bomb OG Honeycomb and Master Kush wax from Green Dove. irie!!!
Hell yea bro a nigga had to be sleep
I was messing with my settings, I have haters <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> & they stalk me
We live in a world where Bobby Brown is still alive.
Enjoy a #nudist discount getaway 4 nights $399 visit us
realizing that it's not up to you...and it never was.
Oh, not so! Do you know I hiked 2200 miles and lived in the woods for 5 months & 8 days? That's not GLAMPOROUS!
Plays posted from 115 cappers with cons on Texans, Boise St & Un...Off to Sam Boyd Stadium and watch the Broncos kick some Butt
Breaking hearts is : heartbreak therapy
Good! I'm glad to hear it :)
Hey everyone tweet mee
I want sweet tea.
Love these #design gurus ff#
#Burlesque one of my favorite movies ever<3 is flawless
Got carded, tried to see an R rated movie.. -___-
Good thing you gave up that leaving during OT bit
he is waiting for you with this <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009D>
Same here! Very excited to be going to See you there!
When did "dude" become non-gender specific? I'm a dude now? Must have missed the memo...
Just heard from : Sewickley Wine Walk & Spoiled Chics's party tonight 5-9! I'm too young to go- will u go & tell me about it?!
fanpop has a bunch.
I would give up my swoosh account for a guaranteed discount on Air Jordan retros...hands down
typical cowards. Just desserts.
Pre-kids I thought breastfeeding passed 1 yr was weird & uncalled for. After 2 kids that I bf'd, I feel that it's none of my damn business.
Morning is off... and I blame for ruining it. Give me back !!!! NOW!
when I tweeted that I wanted cookies last week, that didn't happen to me. cc
RT : Mayoral debate viewing party at blacks at 7pm. McGinn fundraiser. Mcginn is a friend of #Seattle nightlife #seamayor ^jh
Apple's Market Cap Exceeds $500 Billion Mark
congrats #2years ..love u guys follow me #chestnuts ... A M A Z I N G!
Buck up about the BoSox ...you've go 1.3 mil twitter followers. Life's good, eh?
Maybe it's my academic freedom complex kicking in?
her nose is a blood and puss factory! Luckily she doesn't seem to be in pain and has no issues rubbing it all over the couch...
happy hump day fellow twits
Hey fans! Check out one of the Arthritis Foundation's favorite volunteers on NBC tonight 9/8c!!
thank you.
Thank you! I am pretty excited about this!
Quick stay in your net! Kings beat these desert dogs!
Most of y'all don't know this and I just realized this too but Kanye said Yolo first back on his Graduation album in 2007. Just sayin'
Joy of Cooking has a good one. i also highly recommend Nigella Lawson's guinness chocolate cake w/ cream cheese frosting.
First Techno-Hell, now power outage! Going down before I can move up. :)
*grabs shot glasses* RT “: They gave us lemons we made lemonade...” add some vodka and we have ourselves a party.
LATE TO WORK!
I agree, I am fighting to help end depression with fitness and nutrition! Spread the word! Please contact me for help :-)
Looking forward to tonight's #a4dmeetup events
Oh no hon. :( *hugggles* I'm sorry sweetie. :( My mom is a colon cancer survivor so we joke a bit too.
follow first please and then I'll follow u =)
Cool! I'll wave and say hello when you pass me. LOL
Movie recommendation is Viggo Mortensen in "Eastern Promises"
hahahahahahahahahaha that's the funniest thing ever. I was thinking... "and this is why I never run"
Many speak the truth when they say that they despise riches, but they mean the riches possessed by other men
Thank you! Someone finally understands! I don't know how they can even make the comparison!
more importantly, what did you get?? new shoes i hope
heck yeah!
You've got to believe it, right? “: Everything will be ok. Maybe not right now, but eventually it will be.”
Supreme Court building repair about to begin
I wish we could put up some of the Christmas spirit in jars and open a jar of it every month. ~ Harlan Miller
Pregnancy Rape,Harassment,Abuse,Being walked on,Breast cancer,Played, Lied to.Women are some strong individuals and men should respect them<U+2665>
I'm going to eat a banana and then try to nap. That is the plan.
Did you know? “A pessimist is somebody who complains about the noise when opportunity knocks.” – Oscar Wilde
RT : off to finish my new studio today........ cant wait JB ......congrats
you didn't need surgery?
Exactly, don't have to love it but when I read arguments that are so forehead slappingly stupid...
I am watching the last season of Smallville...loving it!
Im officially throwing my hat into the 2012 presidential race..Now if i could just find out where it landed...
thanks doll!
Yo has been a stopper for them this season. He has had the highs and lows as well. Seems feast or famine.
Hardy went 5 for 8 and 2HR yesterday no way Milwaukee has any chance of getting him back
Clowns wear a face that's painted intentionally on them so they appear 2 b happy or sad. What kind of mask r u wearing 2day?
Awww Sky is cute!
y not
Can't wait until May is over and have insurance again!
October 2nd @ 6pm, movie and FREE dinner in the FloCo/Historic courtyard! Shaaaabam!
Thanks for coming out to the Guerrilla Air Celebrity Paintball Shootout!
“: Tom Brady scores more than Zach Morris at prom with a pocket full of roofies”
sounds like a truly Pyrrhic victory.
tweeps can speak truth to power but are also vulnerable to surveillance by power
Fish are friends not food. " what's that from mr Rogers? " haha love you
I'm so happy you left your kindle. Lol. It's funny though b/c it makes Sean uncomfortable!! "Inappropriate" HAHA.
RT : “: Lmfaooo dis nigga sed "i take dick in my ass! No homo" GAY ASS NIGGAS,,,” smmfh<---that's ya mans
I am wearing a lot of navy today. I am a wall of navy.
Had an amazing event for Self and Brides Magazines at Blush Third ward, with & ! Massive spring hotness happening~
hello everyone
My Outlook has gone crazy!
Yikes. I'll buy ya a cup next week if you're around. Oh and if you need baby stuff def let me know!
ok, the modem is provisioned. details of what was done posted on the forum :)
It was a pleasure meeting and chatting with you tonight. Enjoy the nice weather and butterflies.
thanks for your response. i have sent you an email.
Well, it's a win. Not impressive, but still a win
Love this tune. Strings are immense!
If your not registered to vote, what are you waiting for??????
fl studio...keyboard and protools.
your such a nice cousin
Dear followers. From here on out this twitter will be devoted to naastl stuff, and most of you probably don't give a damn. Just a heads up.
I didn't even finish all my homework but I have to go to bed now... It's 3:40 am. I get up at 6:40
- Is there anything I can do in PeopleBrowsr without paying the fee? When I login, everything I click on asks me to subscribe.
I Miss Vinny's Voice :( <3
I missed this. Sorry. So I think you've answered your ?. Particularly for mags, the iPad would be better choice.
Headed home. I hate the BPL just a little bit today.
#twitterrhea - is that the opposite of #twittstapation? Cuz I think that's what I have. It's hard for me to tweet.
There's no way that she just texted me. Oh God. I must be dreaming. <3
too bad i already know that .
can I get in on this frpom Baltimore!?!
JazzPlus with Greg Thomas about to hit radio airwaves (4:05-5pm EST) @ www.wvox.com. Live Internet stream too. Tune in to the swang!
Drowning in Web videos!
. the ban on houses with swimming pools - does that apply to both in-ground and above-ground models?
TIP: Being on the internet makes it easy for potential customers and lenders to learn about you.
I lick the gun when am done caz I know that revenge is sweet
Anything going on tonight?
nightmare :/ fed up! Crap Friday night :(
DARK SHADOWS TRIVIA QUESTION FOR "DARK SHADOWS" MOVIE PREMIERE TICKETS, coming up
She is, and we know it. You have to give them a little area to wiggle though.
up late watching the game, happy to see the Cowboys handling bizzness
Yes you are (:
Do you do your own Tumblr? Your's is cool.
Okay school based #slpeeps. How many more IEP meetings do you have before the end of the school year? Evals?
Ex: Roses by Outkast
last day of school tomorrow .. get out at 10:30 .. wtf am I gont do ? somebody fwm
Help us get to 100 by the end of the day! We donate to help #findacure! RT us and help us win the fight!
by close I mean it would be the equivalent to a 17 inning game 7 of the World Series ended by a walk off grand slam.
I know! I'm trying to give it an honest shot. Editing some family videos on it now.
What a sad and disappointing game. I love them with my whole heart but an embarrasing performance, refs or not.
Lol that is so weird. Makes me feel kind of awkward. Haha
HAPPY DAY
Come into Zen-Diego today for your Dental cleaning
RT At #AdoptABlock at the join us every Saturday at 10 AM.
I know I'm no angel girl, but I'm not so bad.
So I can't spell in Spanish... :P RT : cojones. Cajones means drawer (as in furniture) ;-)
...and then to get them back, the recording enginner KEEPS IT IN THE SONG so we know how they were treated
Why the fuck am i awake right now if I'm not going to school.
I am strong and life will never get me down, because the harder I fall, the higher I bounce...
I used to say,I sure hope things will change.Then I learned that the only way things are going to change for me is when I change. -Jim Rohn
Sprint and I just broke up. I'll never doubt you again, Verizon.
I really miss you too I really need to see you before spring awakening
Correction: Main Library opens @ 11 am today (Friday). Branches open @ 1pm
Friday night at the office...but March Madness on in the background. That sound makes everything better.
Happy St.Patrick's Day! Show your inner GREEN! :D
Just saw some lady wearing a plastic bag on her head. #lolwut?
Sometimes I lie and sometimes I cheat. Some say it's wrong; some say it's right. I feel it's necessary to preserve one's self respect...
At least your name is not Mary. Too many options in that onion layer.
Welcome and thanks for the follow and ... glad to connect with you!
Got my brother's bachelor party in Atlantic City in April. Any Suggestion on Hotels and things to do? Already doing a friends MMA fight.
yeah girl :))) miss ya!
I LOVE YOU MONIQUE
PATHWAYS also an affirmation of what good lead learners are already doing. Something new--not necessarily nefarious.
Dese Oreos GOOD A'F Gottah go get sum more
Hey so did you have fun with the boys and at the premier?
My problem with him is, his wife has to get sick for him to change his ways? How about some respect for your colleagues?
She want a man, don't need a man
TY : RT Great way to slow down: have a #familymeal. Sitting down together to eat can be #familytime & share the days events
Adult fleas you see on your pet are only 5% of the fleas present!- The other 95% live in your carpet, on your furniture and in your yard.
I am extremely sorry for causing any harm with our balloons. It is my ('s) mistake. I should've been smarter in...
Just left you a voicemail. hit me when you get a chance. ill be out there Fri-Sunday this week w. for work
thanks for stopping by! glad you enjoyed.
Children grow faster in the spring.
In my system it just says Call Me Maybe Remix. I'll try and find out more haha -
Days away now...Rajiv Halim Quintet LIVE at Red Kiva! Are you ready Chicago?
The new junior boys is great white noise. I've been listening for 20 mins and haven't noticed yet.
nice Engel post...I think my pal has a crush. :-)
I'm 36 weeks but already dilated to 2/50%effaced, lost the plug, & was up all night w/ contractions the night before last.
Sorry, Portia. Incredibly busy week at work. Hope you are doing well, my friend. Thanks for the nice words.
yep, but I'm not much of a rubyist. You?
race you to the pch!!
i love you more..
hahahahahahahahahaha. That was unbelievable
oh thanks for the heads up!
That's what I'm talking about boy. EL TORO is back.
cool! We gotta go early for donuts! When should we meet?
2700 per person you kidding me? Wow. What about Orlando CEO lol. Just curious the cost on that.
Dean Mandel is a great spokesperson for libraries
So I am thinking of doing a Show tomorrow night. What are your thoughts??? Haven't done a show since mid February.
When I am married we will have to dance at least 3 times a week.Slow or fast...the know how I like it.: )
Going to school tomorrow, even though It's for 1st period and then we go home.
A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice. - Bill Cosby
I HATE BEING LATE! >.<
impressive. Your work is great!
Thanks for following guys, hopefully we will be meeting in the near future!! www.reverbnation.com/gypsyhealers
are you playing a show in minneapolis?
I don't think so... It said some more gonna come out later this year
Who's next for the legendary kill list no icon is safe!!
I figured.
Getting ready to board the plane back to Oakland. Cactus League's been GREAT this year. I'll upload the pics from the T3i soon!
Great day today... thank you hydrobikers! See you this weekend!
Any chance of you getting a job closer to home with the 99.5/104.3 mashup?
already on da road off to vol 6!! make sure to visit the booth!
I agree with 's Brauff, I don't recommend Postini as a solution for adviser email archiving & record keeping.
that's even scarier.
Theres this girl in my class literally wears the same exact sweater since the first day of the semester... Im about to tell her something
oh well that sucks but atleat you live close by the ICONic aBoyz, i like live thousands of miles away!:(
You're freshmen not 21 get over yourselves
To you too! Welcome back from your trip. RT : SimplyLeap warm bagel hugs!
Ah everybody needs to watch that music video!
Tell your heart heads up.
is it earworm Tuesday? :)
Now gonna settle in and see if the #Orioles can keep up this magic.
that's very true, hard to put into words what it takes to engage students so learning takes place, let alone all the rest!
On one level, I think there's a critique about TV body politics (re: nudity, sexposition) 1/2
Just found out bad news.:/
Well of course they'd love to win. But winning would be an added bonus. They don't set themselves up to win, LT or short-term
A ton of talent is in Alabama, Georgia, Texas, New Jersey and many need help in LA, Nashville and London to get that first break
hey Rob!!<3 please follow and make her day!<3
It's gameday! Hours until kickoff. Putting finishing touches on some new & exciting things. Looking forward to a great day!
what are you my wife
I hate pointless conversations.....
you are JUST now deciding to follow me... lame.....
Total Recall: Movies With Matching Titles Safe isn't just the title of this weekend's Jason Statham MMA action thriller, it's also the na
Thanks for passing on the message, guys!
Rudy Gay is... UNSTOPABLE
Thanks so much for coming out!
Thanks for your advice! I'm not sure how patient I'll be with rice before trying alcohol (one form or another.)
Harmon and Kelly are the dream team compared to Pipi and Popo
jet setting huh? That's cool. U have fun?
Yeah. I move to LA a couple weeks ago.
dont worry(: he will! Just keep trying!!!
You can still sign up for tmw's CookBook webinar #ljcookbooks Tuesday 4/24, 3-4 pm. I think you should do it.
Game Time!!! Cmon Patriots!!!
Pulling this all nighter is starting to suck... ready to get this final over with already
Keep Me Company Beautiful : )
Because nobody compares to you ^.^
Have you ever been to Memphis?
#Writers write! Get your pages turned in for feedback. It isn't a talent contest; it's about getting pages done and then fixing them.
keep telling people about your spouses sex and someone other than you is going to feel it.
All my #genealogy friends - what hotel do you like to stay at when you are in SLC visiting the FHL?
Finally saw Capitalism: A Love Story go Michael moore!
Getting mad at the news always gets me going on one thing or another. :D "You bet I got opinions! And here they are!"
what a great poem and terrific line..
A tribute to Mark Johnson! Your support means the world to us!!!
We are so excited to be able to offer our team members training with !!
#twitter that
I have the bad habit of memorizing excessive amounts of song lyrics. Where do I store that info?
"All art is but imitation of nature."-Lucius Annaeus Seneca
hey how have you been. ive been holding off on working on #Cohesia until after Faded Fest, but id really like to meet up soon
Working hard on some new parties, events, and ideas. Stay tuned!
Wrapping up here in the studio! Excited to finally finish this EP and get it released!
How I'm spending my Thursday nite: sitting on a folding chair in the pedestrian mall at 41st and Broadway.
Do you know the wisdom of ,
Busted 12th...so disappointing!
I am changing my twitter account to 3rdscreentalent Please follow me there.
What's the proper way to explain a root canal to a child so it gets them to take care of their teeth better but doesn't traumatize them?
Gonna get braces in a week :\ Ah.. FML
The ingredients of health and long life, are great temperance, open air, easy labor, and little care. Sir Philip Sidney
That's awesome. ": Is Yellow Mamba racist? I really don't know."
ABSOLUTELY Horrible Night
The #Yankees have to take it tonight! Who's going to the game tonight? Join us on the pub crawl around the stadium.
#rememberwhen people didn't leave you hanging? Me either.
The nap got me feelin good !
the cake just got done waiting for it to cool off
Just met , and everyone at ! Very excited to be apart of the team!!
It's up to you to change your circumstances. Scary, but empowering...
i love you both(:
12quot vs 14quot Shank Router Bits - routers woodworking
Graduated from USC cinema with my two girls who have stayed with me through it all, and Love you girls
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 2001 Computer's operating system MAC OS X went on sale.
Drinking out of my tardis mug. :D
2011 home opener for the Rams. Lots of expectations with this years team. Time to start the journey !!
yes it is. My very first 4g / android.
yeah best I could do! Lol
HI FROM UR FILIPINO FANS!!!
Hate it when feelings resurface. It's not even so much that they do. It's just that you remember.
they better never leave your phone!
Game time baby!! Go Lone Oak:)
Miami this weeknd? ;)
Aw tell your Mommy I said "Hello:)!" I haven't seen you all in so long:(! I'm only gonna be here for a week:(!
is quite possibly THE most underrated dancer/choreographer on this show. Superb! #DWTS #GMADancing perfect partner i
as long as you feed me your baby batter, in need of a good protein shot!!
This week has gone by so slow!
thanks for the follow, y'all she needs some followers #BigShoutout :-)
...13? I think. Lol. Does that make me a bad sister, because I'm not sure. LMAO.
Awe! Thank you for sharing :)
ready for a weekend of buffoonery with
Judge: I don't think we'll reach Richard Caturano today -- Prosecution likely to spill over into Wednesday.
I like the #Nats, too. Gio has our number this season.
the dark side does come with healthcare and retirement
IBM&#39;s new expert integrated systems line gets Linux update
Perfect Weather!:)
#FF These guys are Defining Sports Performance every day in Combine training.
Franny & I are goon balls
ah. I hate wasps so much ! I would cry if I was you lol.
hi honey!!!! Much love from ur san diego seoul sista.
Are you kidding me power out again!! This is going to be a long game!!!
Happy Birthday, #SugaBear!
Lindsay Lohan is BACK inside. She needs Three Squares Greetings!
Of course. I won't miss this shit.
Yw. Glad u had a good bday (part one) party last night.
May 22nd , Meek Mill after party at the Longbranch . hmu/dm for details
Just watched episode of PUNK'D & It made me want to get to my goal & meet her even more! Love you!
LMFAO! I'd like to see this!
Thank you for the awesome headshot. You gave me a ton of options to choose from and they all turned out lovely. You rock!
OH MY GOD. I JUST SAW THE PREVIEW. ASDFGHJKL. I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE YOU ON PUNKD.
Hope you're having a fantastic National Vet Tech week! Stop by the library to take a peek at great vet tech resources.
What's up get at us Stoner skater alien people
Wise are those who learn that the bottom line doesn't always have to be their top priority. - William A. Ward
mae 3 presentation... fun
THE COW IS OPEN AND SHOWING THE GAME IF YOU SO DESIRE TO WATCH IT..... Serving up some really good moo moo foo! Giddy Up
Hi Sis Jenn. God Bless ALL
Hey ! Hubby-to-be & I just bought game tickets for the day after our wedding!
That's pretty good for an all-nighter. Do you need technical advice?
"Butter vs. Margarine ? I trust cows over scientists."
My nigga got Loud on Deck
Hey Chuck. I interviewed u for Newsday several years ago. I'd like to catch up with your doings. Pls email ur contact info to katti ...
Yes, I really did. Over and over.
Unfortunately I'm not :(
what kind of job you trying to get this summer?
Let's go Pacers. Turn off the Heat
dudee I was watching the game plan thee other day and like your such a great actress seriously :)
Super disappointed by the Bistro Burger in San Francisco Centre. I might as well have gone to Burger King.
yum yum... it's a miracle you stay so thin!
Best kinda chillin there is!
Much discussion @#BMAengage about how important video content is, even for very technical and industrial products, great examples
Sweet! I am looking forward to it! I'm going to do my Pop Culture Erikson assignment. I'm kind of jazzed.
Rule #32: Enjoy the little things
Much Love!!! It's just gettn started.. Got an show n Miami next week!!
The Chik-Fil-A in mitchellville is like a treat for getting out of DC.
But she wont drop out, her parents'll look at er funny
follow back? :>)
Thanks.. It looks cooler in real life!
I'm not on my personal enough.. Tweet me
can you guys please help me trend #MyDirectionIsOneDirection please
still camping me broseph?
lmao im not "jelly"
Man its raining like shit outside. Glad I didn't go out tonight.
I assume you left Pittsburgh?
World Peace lookin rusty in shoot-around. Kobe stayed at the FT line. Nuggets still shooting long ball well.
believe it or not some girls can spend time with boys without fucking them.
Random people eating at my desk & holding an informal meeting. I'm still here working!
TY for the radio mention :-) 5pm Monday? I think that's 9am where I'm at. I have a short meeting & will tune in @ my desk
The movie Deep Throat cost less than $50,000 to make but earned over $100,000,000.
World of Beer Brady Street is coming in June! #MILWAUKEE #CRAFT #BEER LOVERS UNITE! Cheers!
Honestly on Kelly clarkson's latest album is one of her best songs
Thanks for presenting today. Hey, would you send me a link to your slide deck?
Fatboy® will lounge #StuartHouse Benefit presented by w family fun activities, live auction & Dave Matthews concert!
Flights booked. Hotel booked. Commanders palace reserved. NOLA reserved. Cochon reserved. No tickets & nervous
"You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take. - Wayne Gretzky
RT oh thank u for that. “: Look, I'm just gonna say it: I hate neon.”
Every day in class have #students #write something you will read and check for #grammar, regardless of the subject(s) you
Ready for Gold Card week? Come in and take advantage of the huge savings! March 1st - 7th. Not a Gold Card member yet? Only $11.99/yr. here!
Dinner at Washington Square Diner, another hangout that is getting old.
lol same. But I be been doing it since a long time
Always stand for something
There have been 190 reported data breaches this year, up from 142 in all of 2005. Are your risk mgt. poilcies addressing cyber issues?
haha, ran out of toys... you caught me.
wondering when I'll realize that lol
cheesecake factory......ok i'm sold ;)
I heard that its Man U vs Chelsea tomorrow
I hope he does...I will put my faith in Him this year : b
Big dance fever for the Cats tonight
as press OR as BBC attendees?
yes ma'am!
What are you doing? I'm counting the hours until Jenna & I go see Twilight: Breaking Dawn in the morning! LOL -Kristin Burns
Thanks Erica! Give Indy a treat for me!
Working on a Sunday because I feel like it. Am officially my father's daughter.
Who needs a boyfriend when you have & mitch?! #mahloverz #4eva <3
Absolutely gorgeous! Never realized how much I miss the sight of palm trees, so beautiful when you never see them anymore!
After this family guy im goin to bed. :)
Determine that the thing can and shall be done, and then we shall find the way. -Abraham Lincoln
People who turn small arguments into wars <<<
What i say? o.o
where have you been? :-)
If you won't treat her right, don't be mad when someone else does.
Appreciate it cuz! Love ya man!
We're Awfully ..Good, :)
lazy sunday :s
well why dont guys do the same so we know ??
I remember when my tweets were mostly hysterical. Nowthey are mostly political and boring. Back to my old ways of being funny starting now
Relish will be open tomorrow at 10am.
Here comes sparty... big three by Austin Thornton cuts the lead to 2...20-18 w/ 7:15 in the first
how old r u I am 17 going on 18 tomorrow
RT RT Retweet if you love the #Browns and
Is visiting at the while he rocks out the late night shift. How are you making an impact today?
Lying to the Boyz about where ur from, just To get a Shoutout/tweet is so irrelevant in so Many ways
No ben :( hahaha in the comments: "I feel like I was just told Santa isn't real"
Can't wait for sunday bro!
Since u did beat me at Scrabble last night, u should def buy lottery tix! Why don't u get 1 for me too? U choose the #'s please!
Mickael Pietrus leaves the game in a stretcher midway through the second quarter with a neck injury. Hopefully this is not too serious.
#SongsThatWillAlwaysBump "toss it up" by #2Pac #Makaveli !! ..Real G's like they salad tossed..
My family is leaving for Mexico this weekend. I'm gonna be at my house by myself for a week. Is my mom crazy? I get scared at night okay
m, chocolate milk
if charters grow, will this b less the case?
Let's do the impossible!
I'm a lot more frazzled today than I thought I would be. Hope I'm not this flaky tomorrow morning when I meet with library Exec group.
Looking for 4th gr VA teachers to skype with a teacher from the Piedmont region.
Tumblr doesn't give you enough control
Did you start your day today with a workout or with breakfast? Be sure to start every morning with one of the two to get your metabolism up!
Thank you for the follow. We can definitely learn something from you!
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 103
this is the #WORST sub ive had in my entire life
happy birthday now you are one year older
lol coming to school tomorrow ?
There are food carts starting to line up on 23rd Street down by Crystal Drive. Another thing to love about spring!
I just turned 31 this year. I'm so much more mature than younger journals, but am I still good looking enough to date younger journals?
That is good news. What about on Amazon?
First official IATF tweet! Thanks so much to our friends and family! Special thanks to for all the help!
only u can do that SIS!!!!!!
Did you know the potato originated in Peru 8,000 years ago & China is now the largest potato producing country in the world.
meet me there after freedom... their service starts
Should be sleeping- but i'm not! I am my own worst enemy!
Honestly, I think it really depends on the person.I've had great bosses who were men & women & trouble w/ both too.
This is so weird! I can see when you @ reply to me, but only in my reg. timeline. When I look at your profile, denied.
So far it's been 4 days without softball..I don't think I can handle this anymore..
Drinking some wine while & I put up the tree. AawwwwyyyeahhhhhH!!!!!!
Another metro hockey coach under investigation. The district's response at 10 on
that thing we didn't talk about at your place a couple weeks ago...i think it's really happening, or not happening ; ]
they picked your brain
MTA's amendment proposal was discussed at Electoral Reform WG . Looks good so far!
When sings tonight, I hope she's singing to me. She'll be #bringingit at tonight!
Do you really use gaming to help students prepare for one of what I am assuming is one of the most rigorous exams in the US?
Him: So what's up on Twitter this morning? Me: Twitter voted, they think you are a jackass too. Him: It's gonna be a long day isn't it?
Not yet but am going i think its til 9:30. Where are u? RT : Are you there!? Until when!!?????
is an adolescent tweeter
I got a free Otterbox today cause I sent an email saying my clips broke!! >>>>>>>>
House party was amazin!
When I see Mitt all I see is a man in the pitch black of night on a train track, with a light (Obama) bearing down on him.
I saw your mommy and your mommy was dead...
Care package contents from home: gum, cereal, tea, snack bars, nutella… OLD BAY!
I'm back in town. Recovered from the SXSW SARS. Checking out new brunch on patio. Smells great! Patio open!
Thanks for the shoutout-- many welcomes to you!
We appreciate you!! :)
We talked about Harp the other day :D
thank you so much!!!!
Game only works if the girls willin...if not, its called stalking
bartenderme.com is officially up and running, just in time for cinco de mayo!
Yes lol RT : I have work study but i don't completely understand how it works, should i accept it? lol
BUDGETING TIP: Use Listerine as a mixer... Fights gingivitis while simultaneously getting you wasted!
I need some retweet love all things #shutterfoundry on the feed please
Got the colonel pin
"We are so far apart yet so united in our struggle for human rights" says Rose Cunningham, MADRE partner from
When it all falls down.
Just got your CD and it is amazing i can't stop listening to it!!! I love you guys so much <3 <3 <3 <3
To the original Choosey Chicks...MOMS!!! Happy, Happy Mothers Day!!!
Landed at 12:56 mission accomplished. In the arctic tundra for a few days :)
my name? in rotation on these niggas lips, especially when they be pillow talking with a bitch.
Sister Date tonight
Y is the data package $20 now at&t u suck rite now
"u r fashion roadkill"
Is it just me, or do these look NOTHING like candy dispensers. I'm reminded of something else entirely...but, THAT'S JUST ME. ;)
I want to be the Primrose Everdeen of the Mega Millions Jackpot.
makes you stand out!
+1 : Boston is 3 for 3 as winners for sxsw accelerator!! Congrats , & Go, Boston!! #AwwYeah!
Big or small, lies are lies
Not a video I know of but I know there are a couple of podcasts on about
Probably. I've learned it's just easier if you breathe into it;)
About to go over these lines hope doesn't flake on me tonight.
#NowPlaying "Make Music, Give It Away" by
thank you for the recommendation! We'd love to give you a tour of the property!
Now that I'm at the end of Olmstead's The Coldest Night, any early reservations I had are gone; the section during the Korean War? Brutal!
Hi talented one!!!
Zephyr may go from Emeryville to Chicago, but it isn't as pretty as Coast Starlight - Empire Builder. Just saying.
ok so there&#39;s nothing i need to explain. who decided to tell me? i learned a month later - i disagreed with arrangements when i was…
Just heard that Contra Costa Jewish Community Center has announced today it is closing its doors within 48 hours. What?!
Kevin Smith Ben Tate Kahlil Bell or Thomas Jones? Plz help
Almost out of work..
#iJustWannaSay "Never say goodbye because goodbye means going away and going away means forgetting." -
What for?
Happy Boxing Day everyone.
hip hip if it's old school like biggie and tupac. Metal if it's any hip hop made in the last 10 yrs besides eminem jayz or 50
thanks for your response...I understand. Good luck with everything :)
I course you did.
want to meet up end of the week to catch up?
This kid is crazy
Rankings are team's 12 best results from worldwide events from Jan. 2011-June 2012. So they're playing everywhere to drop past poor finishes
H A T E R S RT : its probably bc they haven't picked on us n a while. They gotta dig something up on us!
ON NOW: Talking with the guys at Sports Radio 1250 about the Packer game!
yeah he's the meaning to perfect (;
“: We just made eye contact... Yepp he wants the D” wow.. That's how you feel? Lmao
Thanks, Roberta. Cleveland half not that far off. Ready?
most of my students are at least bilingual, so its no rush...just don't like the barrier with the kids that have no ingles
some real shit right there yo
Does this rag smell like chloroform to you?
I have no idea what Angry Birds is either, other than its a game. My phone is too ghetto for that kind of stuff.
German Shepherd prefers lampshade over salami. I have a shit ton of salami and no extra lampshades.
Gonna crash though
Sous chef (my sommelier) suggests a spicy Pinot noir or Grenache! Enjoy...I love it with mash or buttery egg noodles.
SAMUEL BEING LIAM. YES FUCK YES.
"We need plan B because plan A rocked." LOVE LOVE LOVE LOVE. -Michele Mattia
What motivates you to tackle big projects?
Looking for something cheap to do this weekend Nashville? What about a round of golf, a nice dinner, maybe even a show ttp://tiny.cc/8jtmT
of course! The other guy is my best friend from HS - he occasionally posts photo collections on his blog, they're always great!
Thanks! We're ready to celebrate! RT : Ready to be inspired at annual meeting. Lots of great work being done in #Indy!
Next time i'll drunktext you to make up for it
I've lost my phone number – can I have yours?
“: My weed smells like #kush” Skywalker Kush to be exact!
#Gators leave bases loaded AGAIN, head into 4th 1-1.
So I fall asleep and I wake up to find 4-1 Flyers... ugh... I don't like.
Farrah Fawcett had a killer ass.
Congratulations to Kenny Frett for winning the Ring of Fire Tickets.
Dang girl, you're hawt. Be mine <U+E428>
All u have to do is hit msgs and in direct message type in BIGTIMELOCO in the box below write wat ever n I'll reply ok
All good, thx for following
don't the writers have the blame? How is MLB at fault for the Santo thing?
West coast mixtape coming soon send you track to my email
not your fault. Unless it is. In which case, you can't hang with me and Hugh at the premiere of Connect Four. ;-)
Watching heavyweights w the jr wifey.
Chris Brown & Pitbull performing "International Love"
If you had unlimited resources, where would you travel?
wow i love the 1D fandom SO much. you guys are awesome :) just think of how many trends there will be ON his birthday!
Hi Glen I will look into your application and get back to you as soon as possible
My Mother inspires me.
How many of you read food labels? Are there ingredients that make you not purchase a product?
Whoa!! Was it the acting or the script?
#3WordsForYou It's My Life
ha! Awesome. What's your company?
Our tour w/ the Pink spiders hits Barrington, IL tonight at the Penny Road Pub. (Not Cicero. Sorry for confusion) come hang!
IU Fans will say they want you until you don't pick them, then they will hate you. Come to KENTUCKY
blow away half the crowd at Guthrie gala. Other half just confused
Amazing! What a cool experience. Entourage studio = the best, + we love our trio Avail ETA 3/24?
Most of us. Can't speak for and that party girl dance he did the other night.
dude you like fell off the face of the earth.
Word. Never is more like it. RT : Messi was just stonewalled in front of the goal thrice. Don't see that often.
“: Oh, you're from One Direction? Excuse me while I take my clothes off.” ???
when it's all finished (i'm adding voice support right now but it's not as easy as the twilio integration) i'll send ya a link..
Tie game! Mexico gets one in the 75th minute. 1-1
It appears that broke on the iPhone. Time to find a new mindless game to play.
-_- what about your cousin
Stop by after work today & let buy you a drink! We're here now until 9pm!
King's Island is dummy packed that one way on the block furr sho
It is important to be a critical thinker
The Tragedy of life doesn't lie in not reaching your goal. The tragedy lies in having no goal to reach."Benjamin Mays
you can get me at Kelly at saucewear dot com
You should know that God Loves you today!
Failure is not the problem, quitting is. You have not failed, try it a different way or try something new. Failure is a sign to keep on.
who can we contact for interview inquiries?
dog days by florence + the machine , any paramore song !
i can't even.
Hey guys! We are currently booking our summer tour, where would you like to see us?!
Roll Tide.
Donation for your birthday has been made. Hope you have a great day!!
The online copyright war: the day the internet hit back at big media - The Guardian
my head sill hurts VERY BAD from fangirling the whole time!! OMG <U+2665>
To develop friendships, stop trying to be interesting & just be interested in others.
<U+200E>"Don't let it end like this. Tell them I said something." Pancho Villa's last words... Mexican bandit & revolutionary
=(( RT : BREAKING: Penn State coach Joe Paterno near death, family summoning close friends to hospital for final goodbyes.
if you don't like black girls, don't like black girls then. that's your prerogative but twitter does not care. nigga, bye. <U+270B><U+270C>
THANKS to those who have already given to we still have a ways to go to meet goal of 500 kids in Guatemala,call 855-330-HOPE
Good morning Jessica - still interested in a chat? You must be traveling!
Thanks, man. RT Read my story on the SA Scorpions soccer team in April issue of San Antonio Magazine.
Fuck the rangers man... I'm so fuckin pissed
Tonight taco Tuesday at Stingers it's going tonight.....
for how long?
thank you so much for the symbol! I love it! You guys were awesome tonight. :)
I'm all in agreement.
Before you know it, your fancy beer will be gone. Never to be seen again.
Aww, now I want to be a public librarian.
Her smile
Omg me and samara just dropped eggs in the middle of HEB <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Hmm, perhaps. Some was in play pre-Free State as well though. & Yeats worked from within Irish canon/hierarchy. Can't [+]
Found out that JoAnn Falleta, music director Virginia and Buffalo is a February-born. Great example of a "seasoned personality". Success!!!!
We ALL can't wait for the new episode tonight!! ;)
I feel Better I didn't say I could spell betta! (LOL)
too many fires at home to deal with so got to the convention center way late for the catcode meetup. Y'all look awesomely engaged in it tho
everything shines when she illumines selena is near any dark
At the strangest party of my life. But they got late nite Doritos. America. Happy Fourth!
Can we pull ur music from ur website?
I feel that
DRIVE. Whoa. Yes.
Maybe my boyfriend could come home this year.
. score!! Congrats - and we think it's only right you do the ceremony and reception here! Seriously...
Listening to a hater talking about Taylor Swift and thinking lie, lie, lie and lie.
Im not with them anymore. They were nice though. It's so hard finding the right team. Just keep on keeping on!
I DONT LIKE MR JOHN LAURINIDOUS HE SUCKS MONKEY BALLS!!!
bout to leave this club and prepare for a busy week
yes! It's amazing. And thanks (:
Love interviewing candidates! People say the darndest things!
“: USC Geologies Dr. Dolan takes apart BH concerns about tunneling under high school.” Notes BH was former satisfied client
so very true, if only corporations would learn that they give up their power when they loose sight that PEOPLE BUY FROM PEOPLE
different than going out of your way to try an injure people
I hope you had a good time! It's a fun place to see a game.
You can only be young once. But you can always be immature!!!
Hope you have a great day today! Tweet when u can & tell us what's up at
are u following mee?
Would you take the over or under for the Baltimore game this Sunday??
Can I take credit for the weather? I'll give you credit for the great sushi.
Titus Maccius Plautus~ There are occasions when it is undoubtedly better to incur loss than to make gain.
If only you followed me.......
to all my new england friends, keep the faith. spring is close. cherry blossoms have bloomed in maryland. warm weather is heading our way.
"I though we ordered a real African"-Erik #thecoloroffriendship one of my favorite quotes(:
City Attny says Prop G is mentioned in financing plan between Port and #ChulaVista b/c the city law will have to be followed.
Drink before you think <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Hi Shirley! Home? I'm doing well. Have to be up at 3 am but can't sleep. How r u doing?
There was an old woman who lived in a shoe, who had so many children to feed she bought her brown, local eggs at Scottsville Farmers Market.
You think anyone could give me shoutouts?? i'm trying for 1000 followers by may 31st (:
just broke my phone case..oh well!lol
Hoping your day has been great! I sent an email your way earlier. Will you be available in about an hour or we can chat A.M.
This also makes me quite happy.
Going to go read. A book. Not internet stuff.
Sometimes words come at just the right time.
sunshine on my shoulders makes me happy!
It's not your achievements that make you who you are it is your choices.
definitely. It sold out last year in 30 mins. Price is only $100. I'll be on :59 refreshing my browser :)
lmao..hell yeah!!
Best part of the day? Tonight when #Iowa caucus is finally over. Two years of build up - hope it's worth it!
- I think you would like Korean escargot - it's more like clam than stinky snail :) cc
Crazy day! Emergency shoot for Harvard Law Review in Malibu and then to Newport Beach!
i've always been intrigued by the commercials. is the show worth getting into?
Congratulations to ORPET on the grand opening of their PET recycling plant in St. Helens!
I take my children everywhere, but they always find their way back home. - Robert Orben
who makes your skins dude?
I use the Twitter app for iPhone! :)
NKOTBSB in DC tomorrow! :)
2:05am .. ignore the bar because its water time
At Tim Horton's drive thru and employees are singing show tunes from Aladdin
red or purple lipstick today....purple it is, got that ruffle/prince thing goin on 2day
Yes I have! And yes it was! Best not to think of it as a "pitch" though.
It's nice, right? Welcome to LA! :)
Do u ever fucc up then make the same mistake. Then the same mistake. Then the same mistake again again. Ion kno why I never learn.
Nice, can't beat a psycho Jack Nicholson, Stanley Kubrick as the director, and a Steven King inspired movie.
Good morning Cleveland!!!
With the green film of tree pollen coating our cars, it's no wonder my allergies are acting up today.
I'm really hoping the incredibly obnoxious pre-teen in this gets brutally murdered. What a little shit.
PS YES! When?
maybe it will encourage others to identify the extent of impact rather than just doing it bc it's trendy
Lots of love for the folks @ Half Italian on Milwaukee in #logansquare!! Good luck on the grand opening this weekend!
Historic Brumder Mansion Bed n Breakfast Large luxurious whirlpool rooms with fireplaces Call Monica 414/218-2202 milwaukeebedbreakfast.com
i just found another Nolan Rudi on facebook... lookin forward to hangin out
I believe that life is a prize, but to live doesn't mean you're alive.
oh well..... I CHARGED MY PHONE....AND. ITS WORKING NOW. :)
They've made their pt. Now go home and effect change, starting with self.
“: You can't be a player forever man- tyga” cut that r&b shit out
is that the new cover
My nails just blossomed and it's not awesome...
Stuck to my guns and limited myself to a single happy hour drink so that I could still get in a speed workout. #1/2marathontraining
Audience is nice.
Watching the Daily Show
On the road to San Francisco to see !
I'm feeling the sting of a retrograde in Pisces...ugh! Make it go away Susan !
Here at work mindset is on killing this show at teen nation in a few hours
Good morning! House Blend and Sumatran brewed today :)
You arent missing much.. im tryna leave it... RT : #TellMeWhy I still haven't been to #Vegas tho /:
im freaking confused -_- but yeah, anyways....do you like Cody?
Ground sourcing kindness. One person, each day, big impact Thnx for following the consensus hub
excuse me while I go watch that scene in y tu mama tambien
If you are looking for superior entertainment that is a cut above the rest, look no more! RE-MIX is the perfect choice for any and every o…
Story of my life! RT I wanna sleep but I can't I wanna cuddle but with who
So I have known about my English paper due Friday for the last two weeks, and I still haven't started on it...
Slept for 2 hours. Tired. Eyes are puffy and red. It's cold. I wish my hair would grow faster. Doesn't feel like a Friday.
It's i changed my name
stupid conscience ruined everything
Hi selena, nice to meet you, i'm justin your very beautiful we should go out sometime
You can hear Dark Summer Dawn on #Spotify if you search under our old name Deejer.
glad to see you join the Falcons! Love your playstyle and think you will have a great career in the red and black! Congrats!!
Friday Tweetcast: Sunny sky, highs hit the lower 80s. Rain returns late Sat and Sunday. Could be very wet for Mother's Day.
There's no getting over it.
Patrick I never said that. I thought it, but never said it...I swear.
I'm sorry about the Following mix up! My partner was following lots of people and I went through deleting. Can we be...
Well if we must, then I'm game. For the sake of my health, of course.
Those pretty girls can play their game, but they're damn well gonna know my name. I'm a crazy ex-girlfriend.
Want to know why I'm a Mac person? Because halfway through a job, the Mac doesn't crash!!!! Urgh!
You say you want to be friends, but you're so rude to me.
Natalie, loved talk about Passion #gphdreams event!!
There is the Sonic Boom in Conway
Doctor says I need a backeotomy.
wish I was with you kiddos taking some tequilla shots!
Finding Hope opening credits and trailer locked. Final cut on the way!
I hate gotye...there I said it.
hahaha thats hilarious. bosh has never done anything that funny in his life
Damn it's been one year. Miss you brother.
Community Impact-Arts Partnership #Fusion2012 nominees: DuluthFineArts League
RT IF YOU WANT A BOYFRIEND! I WANT A BOYFRIEND<\3
Giddy up
I'll be performing in a quartet tonight w/ -- music of #Mingus & #Dolphy (4161 N. Damen) 9 pm, free
Yea I might jus go ahead nd sell it..I need some money anyway
After a recent visit from a great group of local veterans, we’ve adopted a new policy–free admission for all veterans
dependency/version hell in R: install.packages("XML") failed: No definition for superclass "namedList" in ... "XMLOutputStream"
What the hell. I just saw a pair or emu's... In someone's backyard. But this is michigan. what. O_O
Does anyone know a reputable place to sell old comic books for a good price?
WHERE WHERE WHERE
Doing mad statistics
im sayinn they trynna include you in the masses and ishh. if it says your name then maybe reply lol
Court gets my presence ahead of y'all
OK FINE
All I want for Christmas is :)) please follow me!<333
yard work today!!!
Dear Face Wash Commercials, nobody actually splashes their face with water like that. Sincerely, my whole bathroom floor is wet. -.-
Can't wait for the upcoming conventions to show off all of our progress, new products, and the "new face" of Gemeinhardt!
That Awkward Moment when you're trapped in the corner of your shower because the cold water is running.
I don't feel QR Codes have caught on to the masses as much that it would help.
yeah me too! Guess we will have to stay up late and try and get noticed and we'll tweet them so much <AB
Hope he alrite<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>,Hater
Excellent points.
"The world is round and the place which may seem like the end may also be the beginning" ~ Ivy Baker Priest
Vermes knows a new DP signing will wash this Bravo incident from the minds of the SKC faithful. All the "harmonious departure" talk is bull
Why make promises if your not going to stick with them ?
Great improvement...tnx
I was a Bill Cowher Steeler fan. Black and yellow, black and yellow!
i wanna go there someday!!
Yeah! I Read It On This Thing I Found. You Learn Something New Everyday! Lol (: xx
How many tickets did you get?
Who is having worse heart failure with the #MCFC implosion or & in celebration of the implosion?
one of the guys that is apart of 's team followed me :) OMG
Friday nite delight: pizza and 2007 Red Splash by
Thanks So Much :)
RT : In the words of the legendary : "Screw this. I'm going to Bub's at the Ball Park. I need a beer."
Sipping at the crib bumping Scarface - No Tears;
PLEASE FOLLOW !! 1
roger that! ;-)
WCG is hiding a #geocache somewhere in PDX. 1st to find the cache wins 2 tickets to meet the band & go to the PDX show Nov 11
Boehner liked that one. Fire only came out of ONE of his eyes.
i know right.
Imagine your street would be as dark as it is tonight if the city never put street lights on your roads.
Edwin Hubbel Chapin~ Every action of our lives touches on some chord that will vibrate in eternity.
I'm not sure why you're following me but in no way, shape or form will I ever vote for Perry...
lol I can't
Still have a spot when I'm in town for next season? lol
aww no problem! I hope you had a great day!!
10 away from hitting the next zoom! Who wants to get there?! We think you'll like what you'll see.
hey Joey! I know! I love hanging out with you and your family! :)
Chipotle burritos seem to have gotten smaller over time
Are you in Denver/Arvada? Come to our Auction for Action THIS saturday at the DNote in Arvada!!
#erl12 consolidate changed titles has to be done manually
Should work as long as they don't mind the puppy being public
have five hours before next assignment...taking a nap in five, four, three, two...z
lol no I've retired the baking business. Unless I get back up with cj lol
When you slide your hand up a guys gym shorts and they're not wearing anything under. >>>>>>>>>>
I received +K about New Media from Thank you Andy! Have a great weekend.
was looking at AD 606 and it is Problems In Visual Design.. is that the branding class?
That last tweet should have been an MT...
I'm good hbu
Online schedule is the best way to know for sure either way :)
Getting my oil changed... How much you #wannabet they come tell me I need a dozen other things checked changed and serviced.
Sunshine of Your Loaf
You know life is good when you can't sleep because you can't stop thinking of what's ahead!
Is This Week in VC ever coming back? I miss your show!
The juice was worth the squeeze
S/O to my BESTFRIEND in the world for being the Birthday girl (: hehehe ! Love you <U+E022><U+E335><U+E312><U+E112><U+E310><U+E32E>
That was a pretty sizable chunk of someone else's splitter they just pulled from Kimi's car
you can eat food poison but you can get it .... And idk girl I was just sitting down tryna open a bottle of juice nd blllaahh
Every business in #Boston wants to but it can't happen right? Wrong #SEO, and #Twitter can bring traffic to the door Quick.
I'll be in #mtadams with and all evening; not sure about Brook. Josh still recuperating.
I know what they mean. I'm not sure you and do. Otherwise you wouldn't use them as sweeping pejoratives.
swimwear and flip flops are packed!! Progress!
I look like a vein is about to burst.
“: in my kitchen...I made it last night” Yummy! Need that recipe OR add that as an amenity for photo clients! :)
I see that you get lost without the oxford comma.
thanks for the heads-up. Everyone is safe and sound. Crazy so close.
Hi Beauty - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
waves, crashing.....
I'm watching the latest episode of #TheWalkingDead ...will I be disappointed? Love the opening scene now it's on 2 the soap opera, oh boy...
Donkey raping shit eater.
Ray at Night is still happening every second Saturday of the month. Can get a little crowded, but always fun. :)
We're at the National Genealogical Society Family History Conference in Cincinnati, Ohio! Come see us at booth 625
I'm relieved actually. I didnt want James Cameron anywhere near this title. I like it too much Are you upset about #BattleAngel?
The weather isn't so bad if you're wearing the right thing and your at the right place :) especially after a nice cold shower!
Casting pearls before swine
nothing like getting woken up an hour before you have to.
Its not my fault i fell for you<U+2665> You tripped me!
Readyy to go
I'm placing my heart and soul into this ..I take this serious who ever said being successful was a joke or a hobbie
ah, that's cute
fine bark at me when I scrape my undercarriage on the driveway. jeez neighbor's dog, you're just like my dad
Oh LAWD!, I just realized I have 1000 followers on the dot. Til I get unfollowed by 20 people. Wonder who lucky number 1000 was?
MT : We will be giving away free books ALL WEEK LONG on Twitter - stay tuned to find out when to enter!
I be wondering if fat people be warm in the cold.
Merry Christmas Happy New Year to everyone
is that Frings? I'm sure he has fond memories of there.
Came a long way from RUN HOUSE...
Maybe it's cause I'm tired af but my bed feel just a lil mo comfortable tonite than usual. Holla at yall twiggas later.
Ive thought bout goin into the army but im scared i might not come back and if i do who wld i have lost while i was away?
-- Probably the Jennings end ... but it's a win-win. No clear winner.
lol I've done it. But the key word is PASSION. You can treat me like a queen but if there's no passion, we done!
Break a leg!
Slow cooked Sirloin Roast with Garlic Chive Mashed Potatoes. Can't wait for Roast Beef Sandwiches this week...
backstage with Nora Jones and Lecrae. Waiting for the photo op...
RT : Just finished setting up our company Twitter account ! Please follow us today for mortgage news & updates!
#upabos12 I went to Altec Plastics and got a piece of scrap plastic for the mobile usability test sled I showed during my 1pm talk
:) RT : Happy Friday - Remember to share your smiles with someone who needs them! Happiness is a gift to be shared! <U+266A> <U+266B> <U+2669> <U+266C> <U+266D>
Just two this month. As for time, I am lacking it. And I should be working right now. In fact...
its not so much as the destination as the journey, its not to be able to live forever but to be able to live with yourself forever
yep that too, n he was Like ”What!!” n that accent
Florida State Rugby on to the Conference Finals tomorrow! Great win today!! Next up, our "favorites" UCF.
Its time ta do it!
because Saturday, Saturday, Saturday just sounds funny.
Thank you. I'd love to come to Philly but unfortunately I just seem to be bouncing back between LA and Europe. Got to...
Ronnie Chasen (publisist) shot dead on Sunset, Beverly Hills last night?!?! What the heck!
I been out since like 9:15 this morning
These damn hiccups ugh. I then had em for 30 mins
I received +K in christianity from , thanks so much! :)
thank you bb!
Fire official says blaze at Woodburn High School started in wood shop or metal shop
hell ya dude we r going hard at
"it ain’t about how hard ya hit. It’s about how hard you can get it and keep moving forward." "That's how winning is done!"
whatever label you slap on, its working for you. Hope you are well.
pft just because I spelled "Have" wrong doesn't mean shit u little kid.
Everyone who got an invite to the award ceramony thought they were "Student of the Year" until we realized they all said that. Lmfao
BIG UPS TO ALL THE MOMS OUT THERE. NOTHING WOULD BE POSSIBLE WITHOUT THEIR SACRIFICE AND LOVE!!!!!
Tomorrow should be interesting. o.O I can't wait to see RED live!!! \(^.^)/
Although I'm a little late I want to wish you a happy mothers day! I genuinely appreciate you raising Austin into who he is.
Me-e-eeeah
Lol RT : You a pretty smart lady!“: to be the best do as the best do plus some!”
I'm skeptical of the Travolta case. Something's fishy there.
very interesting precedent - blocking your constituents from communicating with you if you don't like their point of view.
Don't tell anyone, that's our secret :)
Yes. I agree with you 100%
: No, I meant that experience and eduation work together/mutually beneficial.
Oh wow!! That looks dope!!
I need to do something FUN with my day off tomorrow or I'm just going to drive myself nuts worrying about work all day.
U know ur doing something wrong when an injury to Phil Jagielka can ruin your entire day.
Lame ass broads only talk about relationships, fashion and partying.
6... Guys that will do anything to see you smile(;
Do-re-mi-fa-so-la-ti, forget about french fries & instead grill zucchini. Do-re-mi-fa-so-la-ti, get your ass off the couch & jump rope w/me.
there is nothing sociologically relevant about a tan vagina. Perhaps why women want tan vaginas, but don't have to look a one.
“: Needs to come do.my hair” lol u need to COME get yo hair done
Dinner at White Chocolate Grill with John and Terry :)
the song "call me maybe" is insanely addicting.
Are you having trouble with ? I've been having some upload issues today myself.
hope all is okay
More good news for IUHoops RT: I just announced to our camp that Calbert Cheaney is joining our staff as Director of Basketball Ops
Any one can hold the helm when the sea is calm
I love living without weekends...I got to do a few hours of work on my thesis and then actually go to work and then back to thesis
I could browse in The Careful Peach for hours...they sell beautiful tableware, soaps, table linens & jewelry... m.kupoz.com/carefulpeach
Cute! Looks like Disney didn't make him tired enough!
good in class missing the hubby
Lets go Bulls!
I just caught a fly!
thanks so much
can't deliver till the 15. Supposed to be delivered on the 10th.
If you learn something from a defeat it isn`t a loss.
I'm losing pinterest in this semester by the hour.
Thanks for the follow. Unfortunately we can't make the festival this time around. Hope it goes well!
sleep comes at a premium
Announcing our 2012 Black History Month grantees! DC's and DC Students Construction Trades Foundation!
Agree w/ World Peace 7-game suspension. I would have done reg season finale + entire first rd of playoffs (no matter 4-7 games)
so you didnt play like 20 hands? Boo hoo, lag.
#SAYSOMETHING summer jam!
Jury duty safely averted!
You mean you've been having Wendy's for 4 days straight, (=
love it
Fake life i miss da most imp thing ever in my life
take some aspirin, ok?
Congrats to Madison and McKinnley for booking a commercial.
now I'll grab you by your hand. Hand you another drink. Drink it if you can!
I'm with Delta Air Lines. Can you IM your contact info to ? Thanks.
#caps KEEP up the pressure.
Feeling like a true #barstar at the pace; they gave me an actually GLASS; no plastic. I'm the
EXACTLY :p haha
Turkey Hill gets in-game editorial love from Lieter & co. on YES Network. Bronx Bomber Sundae? Nick Swisher not available for alliteration?
I was just saying other words for fun bags.. I wasn't sure u knew ..
Another week has flown by! Ready again for #rpcvchat starting now.
I KNOW!!!! i was kidding too!
"Are you mad that I'm whistling with you?"
DM me your texting numbers on your iPod so I can call you
Same , Bored . Your Cute ;*
I didn't like the other bands that played with them.
ur welcome. My favorite Mexican restaurant!
I'm lost. Is this a dream..
": ... Wish I remembered the number.."$10 million, it's not none just less than 1%
not sure why you would ask that?
Do you count MD as north? ;)
should I look behind me omfg
is this still on for 2012?
RT : hey! will u please give me a shout out??;)
The is about to get some from !
I want to look like I lived life, not just sat on the sidelines.
Hip hop smoothed out on the R&B tip with a pop feel, appeal, to it.
On a road trip with & ! Just passed Grandpa's Cheesebarn & the Lodi outlets. May stop at both on our way home. ;)
Why not work out with a partner? Have a dog? Take them along with you. They will love the exercise and keep you motivated.
lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> text me
I agree, you can't remake Scarface, best film of all time. We need a Freedomtown uprising in the theaters.
Good morning lovely!
LET IT SNOW!!!!
There's a few kinda good Timbaland instrumentals floating around in Petey's discography.
Getting up at 4am sucks. Getting to walk around Chicago at sunrise when all the birds are up? Magical.
Dinner, wine, and flowers all for me. Wow!
Finally remembered to add "!*.jar" to my global File search in Eclipse to exclude jars. Man that speeds things up.
haha u must think I'm the girl
if you want a real answer email me .net
it was so good!
Free liq on me tonight !!!!!!
u did not mention u r watching it with me ;(
What is your Vision? What do you see yourself as and where do you see yourself in the next few days, Weeks, years?
I'm not a fan.
Someone is going to die tonight.
Think I'm bout to go swimming
And the salsa! Did you change your twitter handle?
Certainly! Follow us at and direct message the mailing address. Glad to help the
It's Sunday! It's Football! It's $3 Jagers, $2 Tecate & PBR, $4 Jameson's.......You get the picture...All the games, and $1 wings!
: good book for anyone wanting to market a product in the US right now. Value is not as important as the appearance of Value
“: After party for the #californiadreamstour is @ PINK! Go OkLaHoMa!” BOOMER SOONER!
Your welcome.
I hope he can! ,
sounds good!
Thank you for the mention.
Live, Breathe, Web. It's what I do here. Check out the updated web portfolio for Ed Roper Designs, and throw me a "like"....
Ahahahahah! yes! I need a full set of those beer glasses ASAP!
Stay Strong... Thats all you can do right now.
Yahoo! RT: 15 minutes to the live chat
do you have the stuff to process your own? If not, I'd recommend for your B&W good price for process+scan ($10)
Shout out to #lukemoron getting the job done tonight #statebound AND
Sexy & I Love That Tats
go with flip-flops, torn jean shorts and a tank top.
I respect Cotto though. But Manny beating Floyd you crazy.
Ugh. RT : Jim Nantz and Phil Simms are your new Madden 13 broadcasters. I deeply apologize to everyone for this.
Hey ppl retweet go follow she is nice and sweet auot follow bck
Will he stay or will he go? Donald Driver's Dancing with Stars fate decided in next 15 minutes.
Mark, I'm wondering if there's something we could do with the new hymns project with missionaries (to encourage them)?
Fuck I forgot it was paco's birthday!!! Happy late birthday baby!!!!!
Legitimately one of my favorite songs, and I plan to live the lyrics.
haha I was like what?!?
They probably had alternate endings made if they didn't get picked up. *crossing fingers*
love ya schelf, be ya schelf, put ya schelf- on a schelf
RT Rookie of the year: CJ Sapong. <hear that ?>
Favorite movie you've seen recently?
Roll Tide!!!!
Texting half asleep <<<
Baseball HOF pitcher Phil Niekro to throw out first pitch @ tonights congressional baseball game @ Nats stadium
LOL. As soon as my finances are right I will be buy'n a Macbook as well...!
justify the cost of my season tickets.
na uh cause I use my blinkers when I drive!! Haha <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B3>
“: A Chevy shout out to our new followers Thanks for your support :-)” no, thank you
Hey! Just saw pics of the kids. So adorable! Hope all is well. Would love to come visit. :)
roger, thanks so much :) glad you're enjoying it!!
eww how I hate mornings
#First20SongsOnShuffle "Feel Good"- skip 18 songs then "Passin' Out Money"
Yep, I think you'll like it... I'm intrigued by it. And wow, couldn't be more different from their other show!
We had a great session with yesterday. IMPROVING EVERYDAY!!
Thanks!! Can't wait 4 U to meet her. More pics to come :) XO
Is the recipe good?
“: Has Messi had a shot NOT blocked by a #Chelsea defender...? And: Drogba's got to stop with that. #seriously”
Have a great evening!
thank you all:D I do care about my fans! RT : Yes it's cool It shows you...
The combination of pizza, popcorn and soda never fails to bring back memories of Friday nights as a child.
Fans like me around the world are over the moon with joy for you! You deserve every bit of it! Enjoy tonight!!
I love waking up on Mondays to cross off newly released tracks from my need to find list. Mondays don't suck after all
Welcome Tom. While we won't solve the world's problems, we will do some cool shit.
just heard #stains on and about the grand rapids show. .stoked. !!\m/
“: When artists become their coaches... rocking a very ensemble. Is that ? #TheVoice” haha
Literally had the most random night with ! Watch out for creepy McDonald's man tonight
40 more followers to go til we hit 4,000. RT and help me get there. You guys are the best! <3
7 more days ! I cant wait:)
#HowImGRAND I keep my family close to my heart. <3 They're my everything!
people are dumb.
"Tri-hipster area" - I love it!
happy birthday Lisa!!! i may or may not wish you happy birthday in class tomorrow on account of the balcony is so nice now
make sure you get your club site up and running, www.racenation.com is the best tool online for #training and for
Listening to #LoudMusic by always puts me in a good mood. Love the summery music video on such a cold cloudy day.
Coming up next: A very special #DrPhil ..A white trash family showdown!
Goodbye paper flashcards indeed. Thank you for spreading the word, Desiree! Review, flip, quiz, repeat.
Thanks very much!
Stressed. Finals. You?
16 & Pregnant was so last year. 12 with Chlamydia is much more entertaining. Keep up MTV. You're losing your target audience.
It aint like Kobe was gnna make tht shot...so stop hating on Steve Blake....Lakers just tall and old!!!
what I can't figure out is where was the threat to GZ? He created the situation that led to #Trayvon's death.
My comfort zone is not a place where I can grow in faith. Being uncomfortable essentially ends up being a vehicle for total reliance on God.
People say ‘Major is happy, minor is sad.’ If the world was that simple it would be a pretty different world.
I Think You Should Know That I'm Eating Jelly Beans .. :D<U+2665>
Eff my back. Sick of this pain. Damn car accidents.
American dreams came true somehow, I swear I'd chase until I was dead. I heard the streets were paved with gold, that's what my father said.
E. Karl Boegner is the owwner and Winemaker of Wolf Mountain Vineyards and Winery in Georgia.
and my Mickey sweater! :)
So my trainer want me to so corset training I'm scared cause they say that ur bones break wen u wear it ugh I'm scared but i have to do it
A man's growth is seen in the successive choirs of his friends
what was the code for?:[
Is there a problem in mainstream record biz when guest artist #LadyAntebellum isn't as good as the contestants who lost on #thevoicefinale?
The longer I sit in this chair, the sleeper I get!
Does anyone else think they should fly the #TimesSquare ball at halfmast in honor of #DickClark passing away?
Jamming out to Appalachian in the car
What a fxcking night. Now I'm more confused than ever
heard your call on and am wandering what coach that's available would b a good replacement for Haley
It's official. Jani Lane died from acute ethanol poisoning. That's alcohol poisoning.
Hanging at the stash bash with the coolest person I have ever met !!
Mia boat show this week, So Be food and wine next week.
Q1: drink a 10 oz glass of tart cherry juice
just cuz i wouldnt give my bro $5 so nite if i dont get off ill get wooped again so goodnite
only got 1hr of sleep
That's appropriate then... kinda...
Does it bother anyone else when they use movies as book covers?
This is why I'm hot lol
It's so amazing hearing play experiment at our concert tonight w and
I feel like I chose my twitter friends well, since I've seen nothing but anger and disappointment over NC.
Bills look good, dad may take me to a game later this season.
L.A. stands for Lapsed Adulthood.
Great read. The more I see of Romney, the more his outright sense of entitlement shines through.
New app Tongue Tango!
It's too early to be gossiping , these girls is some weirdo's
got them to call me. they are still going to "get back to me" too. fingers crossed it works out for us both!
Getting ready to head to a wedding in chicago. Casual Hawaiian themed pig roast. Should be interesting!
Google+, asking me to + things with 700 +'s, which in internet terms is no one. We have made games that get more action in a week.
I was pretty busy coming out of the holidayz with these silk scaves. you gottahave one.....404.454.7271 get at me!!!!!!!!!!
that pic is photo shop right because if its not....
we miss you too!
The blues had a baby and they named her rock n roll!!!!!!
Stop playing PR politics and do your job. The American economy is a lot more important than Norquist's pledge
Don't forget our new happy hour special from 5-7. Buy any whiskey drink and get your burger half off!
I want a cat so badly . If someone gives me a cat I'll love you forever .
Who's "In-tha-know" for saving me some money on tickets to see 'O' at Bellagio?? April 6th!
y didn't u say happy birthday to me austin:((that hurt my feelings
POTUS announces fewer dropped calls. Apparently he's nationalizing AT&T. I totally saw that coming.
we reconnected thru FB (her sister's) Living in Boise for 20 years and never knew she was here 10yrs longer than I.
Starting my birthday celebration today with a massage! Grateful for so much today!
My God is the beginning and He's the end yea yea yea He is El Shaddai.
Tavon Austin is also the man
RT : bumper sticker from : "I don't break for dead nodes." Find us at the summit next week to get your own :)
TREE INFO-Don't forget to water!
Nice! Did you work on their sites?
Story of my life haha RT : Oh, that sounded a tad harsh. Let me attach "lol" at the end of it to make it all better.
Would prob have been more if there had been ANY phone/wifi in conf space! MT : 455 unique twitterrers have used the #saa11 hashtag..
need some bubble gum yum
Miami, you wanted Lesnar and you got Lesnar.
A Separation was a fantastic film! Go watch it!
Has he lost his mind? Can he see or is he blind?
Tune into #johnjayandrich!! We have on the show and much more!!
If you don't want to follow me, just let me know. No hard feelings.
Elbow: stiffness with pain when bending and straightening the arm
LOL ... I hope you're right!
I also get spoken to in Russian, asked to translate Russian or asked if I am Russian every week
Great turn out last night at BrickHaus Art Space. Come back in Dec, I'll have an installation in the gallery & we'll dance the night away.
your music rocks!
Love the ghetto.
We have one, too, and love whenever he snuggles. Love that of all the square feet avail, he chooses the one closest to us.
followedd(: love your twitter name!
We are closing in on Christmas, don't have any gift ideas? Why not try a GPS Tracker for a change? Safety is important this holiday season.
look at "Bomb magazine"
Lack of visual empathy equates the meaning of l. O. V. E. hatred & attitude tear us entirely.
win a private movie party in r private theater 4 you & 20 of ur closest friends 4 1 night, pizza and popcorn included
precisely, we're actually the new house band at qualcomm stadium with the dead, croce and Yusef Islam. check us out some time.
um that better be me.
Kevin's hilarious!!
What's the haul? Good pack job, too.
Yayyy RT : Safe travels to dad..see ya next time!
My phone dies faster than in Stomp The Yard...!!!!! lol
Today I gained a really hot follower! He shall never know I am speaking of him though! ;) haha! :P
im from the states, and i never hear that... :D! its so cool!
they need a fenway dvd!
haha those are all on my list too, except I want the macbook air! :)
Clint Eastwood...applause to you!! USA is bouncing back!
“: #HoodMemories water balloon blaster guy”
I love boys
Could it be 2007 all over again?
My biz partner says everything will be signed this week to open the new restaurant. Ugh. Then I have to start DOING it. Whose idea was this?
haha nope rachel and kristen are asleep! Hahaha but steph and like 4 other people are well not anymoree (:
you have our support! blessings and thanks for your help
I have #Swag (: enough said
...Annie Leibovitz is a phenominal talent in photography, and a most deserving recipient!!! Wonderful news!
Postin on the roof tanning... Rough day
OH "donuts. donuts. Look coo-coo donuts"
Where's Sarah Palin?
man i need to get back to scool i have to work out
we never talk anymore
I am saying. We come back from one week off and we got like 20 redgheaded girls.
oh damn, smdh
cool video about Ron Howell
....thank you Jesus.
*goes in for a hug
I had no idea you could actually do that
Reds need to step it up
BIG POOL PARTY IN LAS VEGAS SOMETIME IN JULY. Stay tuned for more details
Nap time. Got 2 Austin restaurants to hit up tonight.
“: Tell Meredith I'm glad she's ok!” i will! thank you :)
CLub #26ten tonight whoop!!!
“: Unless you are a woman or a man over 50, never use a push cart #pussy #carryit #GolfProblems” hahahaha!
Today I finally had one of those days where I wake up and say: "Damn, I look good today".
O don't need new follower.
Rihanna sure is gettin alot of rotation @ the radio station today
Idk why Blake tries to do anything besides dunk... He has no offense. Same for Jordan
Where were you when the lights went out in East Harlem, NYC, on November 9th, 1965? Do you remember?
Got to meet today (:
good choice...ive never made homemade banana bread before.. gotta see if i have enough bananas! lol :]
Last notice: we are going to be at 21/J tonight 6-7pm giving away 26 tix to our grand opening.
I'm curious if is letting me down again... I Think yes...
And Bynum has the record for most blocked shots in a playoff game
At UFEST but i forgot my camera
can't wait!
#MilwaukeeDictionary Put some smell good on: go to nearest Boston Store or Macys to spray some tester cologne on before going out to club
Yes...I am both!
Thank you! A decision I'll need to sleep on :) RT : Aw good luck Lois!! I'm sure you'll pick a beautiful dress!
Anyone ever spin fire? Do you think its really necessary to go about taking workshops for it, thinking of signing up for a workshop in LA.
I am disapointed!
Hey Chris, whatsup <3 miss you! Cant wait to see you again(:
Happy birthday to :)
We do indeed. ": Dear reporters covering protests in bulletproof vests: we all think you're goofy.".
And keep your feet underneath.
Great breakfast key with Ian Vaughn, COO of Raising Canes!
#NFLPA Exit Symposium: inspire them to feel connected to the game, their community & the NFLPA when they formally leave the playing field.
How Apple Can Clean Up in the Living Room - TechNewsWorld
Its my 21st birthday bitches!!!!!!!!!!!
There is at least one massive class action suit. This is going to be big.
Nick:*Talking to Shannon* "Let's adopt a black baby and make him our slave. We'll call him Toby." Lmfaooo!!!xD
ohh. Okay thanks
If you don't concern yourself with stereotypes, why are you painting with such a broad brush when you rally against "Liberals"?
Thanks Mark!
So Derrick Mason doesn't want to retire as a #Jet? I figured Rex could have convinced him.
- best writing tip "there's no such thing as too much copy; Only boring copy"
The #TebowGotTradedFor comments are great. It's the top trending topic worldwide right now
sounds good to me!:) I agree with you. Thank you.:):)
OMG we're having the best time!!
“: Suns out guns out, get it bro”. YessssZir!
I love that place!!
taking my og out to eat..
yes & also recognize we r in uncharted h2o... the creative unknown
you should get some. You are so young if you start now with Argan oil you will be ageless!
dude I'm running around screaming that I'm going to see and wants to kill me
Love is what we were born with. Fear is what we learned here.
It was nice meeting you this morning at #smckc!
me too. get well soon!
Keep it up ! RT"Today it was the best day ever because I went to field trips but this one was what we never learned, how to do books."
"The Love Song of J. Alfred Proofread"
Great stuff. RT : Forget Chelsea. Brilliant performance by Great use of Twitter, insight into paper journalism.
we are reading this week about technological change and what libraries might do to maintain access to outdated info formats.
If Louisville played like this all year they would have beat UK, uhh never mind.
I broke an #ARROW with my #NECK at
they've been busy. I wouldn't call it terrible. Great products just wanted to make them aware of the technicals.
": I guessing when Twitter was invented no one envisioned live Deion Sanders domestic dispute updates"
Nice one. A little big for our room though...
That was the only Suits photo for now but glad it gave you so much pleasure. :)
its on!>RT : Yeppers! U have missed 4 performances/interviews, but we pick back up tomm! Tomm nite,
After about three minutes, I finally realized what I've been listening to is an electronica version of Bolero. Sigh...
...the missing words were "petroleum derivatives."
Everybody talks & everybody listens & some how the truth just comes up missin.
I'm wearing pants bc I'm not sliding in shorts
Run a Relay at the Chicago Marathon with Hope Solo And the U.S. Soccer Team! photo: Facebook.com/ChicagoMarathon Do you love soccer, runnin
Speaking of which... I need some for the weekend!
Maybe later <3
RT : It's 5 o'clock everyone! Let the weekend fun begin....
what's the flight #?
:) one month!
loving some of your photos from when u 1st got to NY! too funny...great meeting you last night!
Yes - to each of those explanations.
Poetry slam round 2!!
Last call at 1am. Aaaaannnnddd go!
"Find out what you want to do every day for the rest of your life and do that – you can find a way to monetize it." ~
Obstacles can't stop you. Problems can't stop you. Most of all other people can't stop you. Only you can stop you. -Jeffrey Gitomer
Why would you want to study buckets? /s/ 6 “: Think how different things would be had I continued with paleontology instead”
The B is closed today in preparation for Baltimore Web Slam, we are sorry for the inconvenience but we will see you this weekend!
I like it!
- bs spam, thx
#quotes I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing.
I agree, though killing a man (or kid) should be presumed to be an unlawful act until that investigation is complete. T or F?
perry will be fine. Thompson is a god and I know all about my team thanks
I discovered I always have choices and sometimes it's only a choice of attitude - Judith M. Knowlton
all of your tweets should be updates about your butt's wetness level. This could be your thing!
Gotta get up early..
Happy Mothers Day to some pretty fantastic moms! You know who you are. xoxo
Happy New Years Twitter! Let's hope for good things in 2012 :)
Encourage all of your followers to follow and to join The $1 Million Facebook Experiment.
This is the power hour baby! The line is around the corner at The Hudson
uh oh!!! Look who's learning her twitter talk!! #tookyoulongenough :)
hehehe I kno it was in good fun! U stoping by DC Reynold's 4 d Caps game? BTW, I am going 2 put d "south petworth" joke on d vid
I can't wait either, should be a great presentation!
Mrs classy Mrs right want sun 1 I can shair my basketball storys with ....
ain't that the truth :P
Is a legal framework necessary or even welcome in the community? asks
- I can't wait to read it! Plz come to Pittsburgh if you do a book tour! :)
no problem, I know how hard it is to hire
Anyone getting in for #ala11 at 11:15 tonight want to split a cab to the Sheraton downtown?
Just bought The Hunger Games on my Kindle for iPad..let's see what all this commotion is about.
Shout out
they will beat the bulls not the heat tho
Let's plan on this Sun, unless I hear otherwise from you.
RT if you love your Hispanic GRANDerz!
Archaeology Agora - transdisciplinary approach brings new knowledge; new ways of thinking - applied to real-world societal issues
Ditto to the #TRMA585 class, and so glad you could be a part :)
Have you seen the homepage of the IndyStar today? That little red rat almost cost me my laptop! Creepy!!!
Obama -- I love a man with the facts and the numbers.
Someday, a company's launch of its "official social media" pages will not be considered a press release-worthy event.
gotta forget about this game and bounce back we can still do this.
That's pretty intense. Stay dry up there
im going to make professional looking snuggies. its so cold in here its ridiculous. im certain there is a market for them
my bad. i should know i met him
Just saw Madonna fumble. She's moving her age now.
The Green Men in Vancouver may have lost their touch and losing two at home makes them feel like an old stale joke.
kathee leah is srsly like dancing to one direction and she has a crush on niall and says shes gonna marry him and have his babies shes 6
Well I could make you a hair hat out of what I lose everyday.
I'm sure it's been done already, but The Empire Strikes Back In My Pants.
Thats beautiful.Good to hear both of you are taking some me time.i'm hard at work networking down here - all business.
Pretty please follow me? Before you get anymore followers and it becomes imoossible?? Haha :))
Thanks!!! and really, the f u? some people are horrible...
CONGRATS you just won a dinner for 2 at Off The Clock! Email me at george to claim your prize.
looking great
thanks Jay. The Super Bowl was a great team effort.
Isaiah 26:19 "Your dead shall live; their bodies shall rise. You who dwell in the dust, awake and sing for joy!"
#Creo Dermis body scrubs will soon be on shelves at exclusive salons and spa's in the Pearl District in downtown #PDX!!
Do I see health insurance around the corner? I do! I do!
boy i hope not. i mean, i ran into people... but i believe both of you are married. enough said.
Perfecting the craft. short days long nights
listening to lauryn?
Im back mm mis this
Guys, can y'all please stop wearing musk now? Thanks!
Good vs. Evil
Giddy as a fat kid drowning in a vat of ice cream
I need to request an ice cream truck for my neighborhood
I love watching The Avengers. (:
[Believe.] RT “: If you are deeply connected to your mission and your passions, no one can copy you. #savor”
. Our event is rain or shine! See you there!
I can't find a dog I'd call my ma, so I've given up dogma for Lent... which I previously gave up for Lent.
#WeWontWork if u give up on me to quick
Tonight might be tricky for me... Locked down in some video editing.
Going to SF for work. I love this job!
Welcome back, star!
I just made Mom Pumpkin Whoopie Pies with Cream Cheese Filling from the "Baked" cookbook. I hope she likes them!
Our team worked for months on how shale gas will impact Ohio's economic development. Story ran on ABC News with Diane Sawyer....
When arla starts jamming to toxic on oovoo #help hahaha :D
#welovegreyson because he inspires us to put our selves put there. Go for what you really want to do.
just reserved my user name on facebook! www.facebook.com/capturedlifemoments
When do you know have really had enough?? #im so over it. com
S/O to my new followers!
I want to buy that perfume that enhances your pheromones. I tried it on at a passion party and I can't stop smelling myself!
Why are women like KFC? After Ur Done with the thigh and breasts, all you have left is a greasy box to put your bone in.
#30 more days!
. at DFW. Went in search of #Starbucks. Found and #lma12 will the party ever end?
sorry couldn't prevent my self from stealing ur tweet hahhaha :D
Bouncing between NBA and NHL finals. Weak coordination between the leagues.
That is pretty much typical of every book made into a movie. maybe if you read more books you would know that
Law and Order : SVU
..have to put my books down & study tomorrow.. after my 7a-7p shift!! ..I'll be glad when finals are over.,
cuz if you go into the season LeBron can opt out in with no titles he not going to stay with an aging Wade Bosh n average teammates
Thanks for the shout out and Yes I am highly influenced by the rock bands of the 70's. I think that music lasts longer.
xanax thats all i gotta say
ROFLOL - In search for help for pregnant teen. Planned Parenthood popped up number of times. Red states tend to have most pregnant teens!
Come hear about successful literacy initiatives in libraries around the globe. Today @ Hilton Riverside-Rosedown,1:30pm
"double downward escalator retail chutes of doom" is why I wish more conferences could be held in lovely old hotels.
we are glad we can make a difference!
yeah it does
LOL :) I () felt the same way when I heard say it… Jordan can you help us out?
Walked out of my meeting mad as hell. I'm livid! No good to be lied to. I need a drink I'm so heated. Hell, its 5 o'clock somewhere.
Flight delayed=martini time. Burbank airport is pretty enjoyable.
My boss just walked in my office and said, "Am I going to have to worry about you flirting with my wife, she's a quarter phillipinno."
OMG! Make Randall your permanent bartender!
omg Austin #SAYSOMETHIN is AMAZING I love it! Arghhhh follow me please ily?<3
It was very quiet Thanksgiving. We grilled steaks because no one likes turkey. :-) How was yours?
Thanx! Thanks for coming in! We're super glad you liked your desserts! Have an awesome day!
dude! thanks for the reply...keep doing what you do! be blessed!
Glad to see is raising awareness of Cahokia, though some might say he needs more than 15000 followers to match its population
i agree with you!
Do something you've never done before and make sure its legal and its a good thing.
Please welcome my Fall '11 #Xavier Instructional Tech students to Twitter! Looks to be a great class!
Yes. I weigh over 110 pounds but that's not fat.. That's muscle
I love to inspire! Got some ppl ready to start living their dreams. Some just need that extra push!
“: SO FREAKING HAPPY WON!!! SO amazing and SO deserving #calledit #love #thebest” I was for him the entire time!!
#NSN doesn't work on me! I saw a women get killed 2 ft away from me! I never going 2 see a new path anymore I keep tryin & not
I don't believe this one. #bull RT Hawaii moves toward Japan 4 inches every year.
ima young nigga wit sum old lungs
From Alameda but now I'm at MLK and Macarthur, love Oakland
what the hell is that?
Finna take my fat fat to d doc..
Ready for the world to see my talents. Can't wait for you all to see my film... still looking for extras though!
Bayern Munich through to the Champions League Final
Thanks for the follow! Your work on Badajoz was especially fascinating.
When we can respect the little things in life is when we can began to see the BIG picture!
Homework at the end of the school year<<<<<<<<
What we do in mr.bouyea today
follow me
dope interview fellas!
#favmoviequote "I see you're drinking one percent. Is that 'cause you think you're fat? 'Cause you're not."
lmao molina!!!! im weak!! RT Get the F*** out the way with your under the speed limit limit driving a** IM LATE!!!!
The Grand Prix team is exited about participating in #ignitedetroit tonight This will be awesome!
RT : RT : Thanks for the love...13 more...heading back to LA now...
Sorry I'm not sorry won.
we all ready coach kick return for a TD i got you coach
well I'm up now so it is what it is lol
Waiting for this night class to be over so I can go outt with my bo<3
To see the Law by Christ fulfilled, and hear his pardoning voice, changes a slave into a child and duty into choice. -William Cowper
Moms...critiquing yourself or your body in front of your daughter is one of the most damaging things we could do.
Says he had breakfast with Hemingway. It must be his new movie "Morning In Baltimore".
The revenge game was Jan 1, 1960 after the 1959 Magnolia Bowl on Halloween.
I'm recovering from a weekend of nerds and excessive tea consumption.
See what happens when you listen to shitty music?!
Is how you get so much followers? I doubt you know that much people.
Better start learning German
RT Businesses don't want to worry about customer experience until becomes a sickness threatening its health. Yeah that'll work.
#FF Musicians Matter Most
Happy #CharityTuesday. Check out these great nonprofits..., , ,
Idk how I feel about Emily being The Bachelorette..
We're changing our style to math metal for our full length... (O_O)
got real hungry at 1am on the 1st day. only option = Taco Bell (yuck) - then Taco Shack breakfast tacos 2 mornings
SpringBreaker falls to his death across fm our beach home. Jacob Winkler, 21, fm Wis. died in PCB, FLA early Sat morn fm his 21st balcony.
Really enjoyed your interview with Jimmy Moore. Love your enthusiasm.
Al Davis emblematic owner of the Raiders has died. I figured he'd out live us all, what was he like 150?
"My friends say im a fool to think that your the one for me."
Thanks and following. Feel free to follow back
We have 3 great films perfect for Native American Heritage Month screenings. Check out A Good Day to Die, Reel Injun and Barking Water.
Someone called for the Cow?
Hi, most of u probably don't know I'm a businessman and a great thinker. Don't believe me watch I'll show you!!!!!!!!
By altering our attitudes we can alter our life, Zig Ziglar
I ate a slice of pizza today, that is all . Wow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
What was in the water for Kaka And Ronaldo? Holy Christ
omg going to go see breaking dawn yess!
Echoed from Tilden Middle School via : Waiting on another lacrosse game
Today is the day... we get our Christmas Tree! YEEEE
Clearly you have no knowledge of her role in the current state of testing and accountability. You READ then unfollow.
Watched 50/50 tonight and really enjoyed it. Having the Liars on the soundtrack was just an added bonus. (totally made me cry.)
The WSLCB must know Fifthmas is upon us; lots strange infused vodkas and tequilas, bizarre-looking liqueurs, and special holiday mixer packs
": You betta cuff her cause I'm out here"I bet you up
I apologize for my broken English. It's my second language, I want you to know I'm trying to communicate, it's basic for humans.
im fresh im fly im so damn high
seriously can't wait until I'm done with school
This is the first time in awhile I got to sleep in!
So rite here wit my cuzzo. Tweeting
That just shows that he really likes to party
Shifting in new apartment next week :))
God morning!! DAMN I FEEL GOOD, ha i got all that sleep lastnight!!;D #rise&grind
So far I voted 150 times for
Happy to say wasn't kidnapped by the Mexican cartel last week. Glad to have him back on twitter
Work functions during the week should be illegal.
UGH! you hate me :/
RT : Great to have w/ me to speak to entrepreneurs about #crowdfunding. Thanks for your leadership & help.
Still looking for animal rights/welfare/antiCAFO/slow food related exhibits to try to visit and/or collaborate with. Do you know of any?
It's so much more relaxing than a plane, from start to finish! RT My favorite benefit of traveling by train is __________.
#Romney wins Puerto Rico. That proves he is the most electable. /snark
Don't miss out on Part 2 of "Why be Christian and NOT Muslim" Oct.27th. 7pm. KoKo Mo's...See ya there :)
PANINI TIME! And it's the best time of the week! Today's special panini has Fresh Mozzarella, Pesto & Chicken with YOUR choice of sides!!
Sure do! How have you been?
Print audition today as guess what? A baseball player! LOL shouldn't be much of a stretch.
tried to call customer service and the line disconnects. would like someone from to get in touch with me.
Could use the help! RT : With no NBA, can Gordon Hayward and Shelvin Mack please return to Butler for their senior season?
: ) JSUIS SON BEST FANS :o AHAH !!!
That really means a ton...thank you!
So True!
Favorite new fortune cookie: "Share your happiness with others today!"
So what should the theme song for #SXSW be this year?
NEW SONG IS UP NOW, SPREAD THE WORD! myspace.com/xforeverandafterx
I'm gonna be a bunhead.
Great game today Harry! Thats how you represent the Louisville Cardinals!
Angsty teen I against middle-aged dad I.
So i just heard may not play hm no problem for the super heat...heatnation!!!
I had Twitter when I was a kid. It was called a CB radio.
Happy new year everyone! I'm shite at the whole ff and shoutout thing but here's to one hell of a great year for all of us.
at party in DUMBO - Brooklyn..DJ Guilty Pleasures is spining..
Hope you had a blast!
Now you can download a fresh version of 'Squattin'!!! :-D
Working on a theory that Black Widow is a female Eliot.
>;o) Thanks for the <3 ! HOPE to see ya on Sunday! RT " Think I'm going to try 'em Sunday after that recommendation"
Glad the Ravens got their man at 26....er...I mean 27. Thanks Bears!
Dreams R dreams but blurry & reality seems 2 B da only motive trying 2 make the best of every bad situation seems 2 B my life story
I know I'm only just over 14 weeks along, but I'm getting very impatient. I hope I feel baby flutters soon!
5 worldwide trends for pretty little liars
lol thats all she do x she made my speakers go out one tyme frm trying tah eat my phone lol couldnt listen to music for a while
RT : On behalf of tragedies #MMDM is 2 help mental illness by donating $ for every new follower now til 9/12 www.NAMI.org
Hm what to do on the 4th? Most likely, Santa Monica Pier
well duh!(; you?
So is anyone else in the same boat I am—not buying Apple stock for 2-3, 3-4 years bc "It can't possibly go up any higher, can it?"
A new phase has started, I can feel it! You know? Possibility plus grounding -- feels good. (After months of energy overtaxedness.)
When someone says something and you say, " Yeah, You would know...."
sure! We don't have tix. What date is it?
83 people every day will be diagnosed with cancer in WI. We're in this together to
We'll start contacting folks soon.
when does next season start? I can't wait
Director Chris Mattaliano: There are actually 2 songs about V.D. In act 1. We cut one.
$25 gift card to goes to... ! (we just LOVE the bacon suit!)
watching on CNN right now talking about Isreal-Iran conflict with technical difficulties.
Working on new merch! Too stoked. Getting some designs for too. Excited to tour!
Looking forward to more motivational discussions!
I used to go get a milkshake whenever my friends were drunk in college because all my friends were straight and I didn't need to see that.
hey Josh check out the start of my contributions at cbm @ avenging reviews. Trying to give my thoughts and perspective.
I always feel like the bad give trying to be so protective
I have your shirt. Where you at?
is a pain in the ass. But hes one of my best friends. And i love him!
bruh you need to get on more use this bihh more!
I can't believe this is happening... These clocks are staring at me.
RT : For every 40 #bedandbread tweets, a person in #Detroit will be fed for an entire year thanks to
Habit, if not resisted, soon becomes necessity
Me! When/where are auditions?
Happy Mother's Day Week to all the real moms who set the right example and who have mastered the art of balancing motherhood with womanhood.
Good for you!
Speaking of public workers, I would like to thank the public workers at the DMV: replace my license - in and out in 10 minutes - Well done!
yea i am now...i dont think your followin me...
I'm finally 18 today!!!!:D
Watching #Columbiana. I love this movie!!!!
If somebody's out there, show me that you care. Give me a sign that comes out of nowhere, like a shooting star.
Gaga You Are MY QUEEN , O YEAH 26 years o yeah you are a queen
Uh, there's supposed to be a point? RT : Remind me, please. What is the fucking POINT of Twitter?
Thanks! I made the switch back to 100% film about a year ago or so...digital just doesn't do it for me AT ALL.
Yeah Happy New Year everyone ! GOD BLESS US !
yes they did! And I was successful at converting my niece to a FF5 fan. She is now in love with Haha :)
29th!!! Not 30th. (See you there.)
RT Some days just going to get a sandwich is a thrill and exercise when you are a POC in America.
Now Mardi gras is over time to think of our goat dinner in march. 4 courses 2 goats 60 people should be a blast
Apparently 3 6th graders think I'm "cute" They scare me so much...
BREAKING DAWN WAS AMAZING!!!
on my way to work. Yuck.
YOU MISSED SAY SOMETHIN!!! Ah. He might be on Again later(:
Stay for the ride or walk by yourself
then got reraised a couple times and had to fold, and then lost a 16k pot with AT vs AQ, which was actually a good result given the situatio
When will I learn that avoiding grocery shopping never saves me money?
unhappy with examples of how to help u-grads identify scholarly v trade v gen interest pubs. 2 focused on print. time to make my own lists
We need to understand that "education is something that we create for ourselves" not "something that is provided for us"
I wish I had a big family. Family means everything to me.
#churchplanters When you walk in His love you will Know its His voice. What you want doesn't matters it's what He wants that does.
... given everything? Thought of your company all the time? Never took a short cut? Worked hard even when everything was down? UR My Hero.
So text me I got my phone back :D
YOU BE FP WHILE THEY GOT THIS FACE ^_^
Men are the least of my problems, so i let IDIOTS have them
my middle aged eyes love e-reading. Kindle for iPad is awesome-- look forward to your book!
To clarify, this event Daniel is hosting is at 6pm this evening. Bring artistically and politically minded people!
Farewell, Maurice Sendak... Now may your wild rumpus begin!
Ha phone died in the middle. Corrine, you better be there!
try-.- u did last time
Who am I most envious of...?? Definitely and .... Their voices can quiet a whole room with one note...
Your welcome
Rain down on'em with the 3's
I am just curious to see where most of my followers are located. Feel free to tell me your location if you haven't.
Hi Prenessa! Love your ambition! Keep it up and feel free to email me anytime. ~nc
same to u guys. Keep #dancing :)
: I've witnessed him humble other singers on spot, once they hear him sing lol he's like an atomic bomb in the room.
The picture took of my in health > lmfao
ah, I see
Have Fun!
yeah! also, you smelled lovely. no hint of dog mess. :)
Where's the watermelon.
: it wasnt meant 4 him 2 b there den...if it was he wouldnt have left n if it is he'll b back so dont b sad ur beautiful...
In other news, Rick Santelli is still apparently off his meds.
Had fun in Redondo tonight getting ready for our shoot this weekend!
RT: Dear boys, be the type of guy you would want your daughter to be with.
Ikr I hardly get to do anything either. I'm still sick in a sense.
Bacharach one of my musical heroes so that was an easy one! Thx!
. Thanks! :) Although it's not a coworking space - it's a pre-incubator/entrepreneur residency. Want a tour? :) cc
#FF ::: Need Hot new Music / Beats / Hip-Hop Collab? GO FOLLOW>>>
sorry didn't mean to ask that!
Most productive colts offensive player was the reffs. Way to give it to them zebras.
Big move back to Mac tomorrow
President Bill Clinton giving videotaped tribute to brilliant theatre advocate
Wherever you are, be all there. Live to the hilt every situation you believe to be the will of God. Jim Elliot
Agreed... RT : Hard for me to get my own work done when I have to constantly hold the hands of others.
Rockwood Music Hall Stage 2. Played few tunes w/ 's band. sang "Sunday Kinda Love" and slayed it.
I'll beat beat beat it upp!!! Send her home to her man watch notebook!
Anyone seriously mad about Fury's ethnicity haven't been paying attention to Marvel Comics in the last 10 years.
Join Homeward and our partners from across the community at 5pm at 815 E. Grace St.
#WutILove... Is when a guy KEEPS me laughing and smiling...
RT “: VOTE TOMORROW.”
can't wait to come to London one day!!!!
Hey I WANT MY RACING BACK!! lol
okay see u soon booboo. Today's my favorite days cuz I get to sing to 5 year olds :))) m
Rooney scores!!!!!! Chelsea 0 - 1 Manchester United
Jasmine I think you and Harry Styles would make a cute couple just my opinion: )
#MovieFactOfTheDay OJ Simpson was originally supposed to play the Terminator before it was given to Arnold.
Can ya follow me back? Please!:)
"Help each other." < nice
Things you shouldn't say when boarding: "I'm all the way in the back, which means I'm going to be the last to die when we crash!"
15 books between 3 classes. For real?
you know you can buy socks very easily. Like, anywhere.
": Tonight should be fun We'll see..."Be careful how u say that lol...
Imagine if you had me out there.. we'd dominate. Go low tomorrow with the red shirt
I woke up from my nap with a attitude
OMG your back! I missed you :D Sure thing, but u following me back would be the coolest <3 Much love always!
Dats a one in million chance that would happen to both of us ... But I hope it does ;)
He's on a role! Waunakee's Parker Dietry nails French word "couverte" to advance to Round 6 of the National Spelling Bee.
I really want to hear what you want to tell me ;)
So apparently when you dry-fry Wang Bu Liu Xing it pops like popcorn!
I don't know,where you're going,,just get your ass back home. :)
And the dad/son, coach/player McDermott scenario just got awkward. Yikes.
Suga is bout to get his ass handed to home by bones
i know it will be great! they all are. (;
so good to serve w/ you this wknd. We made it back to Nashville but already miss KC. Keep us posted on the fruits of the event!
When will we (the products) in social media start leveraging back? Amazing how much we're giving companies for FREE, nonreciprocally.
yeah it sucks so where in the same boat Haha
Dress codes at a church ?? Really.
Blogging: I HAVE MISSED IT! The blog's back in action tomorrow, y'all.
Guy jumped on top of the Bull, got arrested, kicked out window of police car 1212. Other than that, pretty peaceful here at
ah bo >:p I only have 2 of my friends in my Classes how about u
RT Need some #acapellas for remixes
"It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela
I can! & watch webisodes all day long!
Just got back to FL. Sorry we didn't connect at SXSW, let's chat next time you're in FL. Interested in what you are doing at ninut.
I would wanna do that!!
In BIM with love her so much.......its RIDICK!!
check ya emails
It's hard to believe that I couldn't see that you were always there beside me
I hope u know the girl i want gay is u talena rite
Ha no idea. I'm not sure if I want them to stop or continue.
Probably not the right President to tell that marijuana is a right of passage - he did not inhale!
Mom got a new Mac, I think I'm gonna make a drum cover today. :D
you sat on your ass last summer using my computer you're probably gonna do the same this summer
You're welcome and thanks for sharing interesting stuff. Have a great weekend, J!
NE Feathered Horse Classic will ADD a REINING CLASS!!! will be NRHA #1 or #12 details to come
your name made me laugh when i read it x)
Glad you stuck with us and your education! Keep up the great work!
Gotta say I love Pearl Jam radio on Sirius xm
Great Taxi service in Baltimore. Yes it's possible. Lost items, comments. Follow me. MYTservice.com Improving taxi quality. 30692128 bbm pin
aw :( hang in there babee, you'll see them soon enough!
Cant wait until the playoffs start tonight !!
Thanks for the RT! Isn't he sweet? :) I hope you had a great week!
loves it when talks D&D terms. It is so hot to a gamer girl like meh! :D
"I feel like I'm reaching in there alot"
Just found money in my pocket. Awesome.
Great run this morning and heavy sand bag training for 15 round
anyone else exhausted this morning? i had to to the "1-2-3 and up" count to force myself out of bed :/ hah
I find it funny that there is all this hate around someone who simply says, Thank you God. Thank you Jesus. Who have you thanked today??
we want too be in the video even if it dancing. Or even getting a line w.e u have avaliable
“: nigga, start coming to school.”PREACH!
Allegheny man owns 84% of FaceBook? Hm...
Wtf. There is seriously a guy at my school who got extensions on his rat tail. That just shouldn't happen.
I hate people who think they're entitled to things. None of us are entitled to anything, you have to work for the things you want.
Times are crazy but I know God's got something waiting. Time to make moves in Faith
sorry professor, i just clearly couldn't care enough.
I miss my cousin so much
The Shrek babies are so cute <U+263A>
Never knew Hitler applied for a fine arts academy.
Come on out and support OB Scholarships by coming to the first ever Reel Rock in Denver!
No work tonight so I spent the day tuning up my pressure washing equipment. Running like a champ, give me a driveway, I'll clean em up.
“: It's not often I can say this but it's true: Even I could tackle better than that, Packers.”
i appreciate that. =) much love. xoxo
win some dough negro
Things on the up and up I see
lol you thought I forgot didn't you Happy Birthday
My name is Alisa Lerario & I am obsessed with Sorry. I had to say it.
I miss my Thatchy Mc Thatcher Pants. :(((
Deleting tweets is for the not so gay kind of queer.
wen he gets asked in interveiws wat his religion his he says "my religion has nothing to do with my band and our music"
- Emma Stone reminds me of you!!
Much love and respect. Holla at your girl
thank you for hosting my #21birthday at your hotel! So excited to go to 360! First bar trip!
Happy birthday ! Love you Kathy !:)
I'm Alicia :) Who are you?
My review of "The Raid:Redemption" - gorgeous violence!! Another successful, nontraditional firm outing. Thanks to all our staff/admin pros!
My birthday is on June 18th and I'm getting a decked out hummer limo but I don't know where to go! Tweet me some ideas(:
No, Robert... This would be a bad, bad, confused church.
me don't like <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> lol
School. Championships today and then freshman orientation.
keep seeing all these great alum events on fb. How do we get one in CO?! Let me know what I can do!
Watch our dear friend and client Patti creator of on the Morning Blend at 9:20 today on her new studio, make-up by
I want a guy to make me mix cd's like in nick and norah's infinite playlist . . . :D
I just probably need to eat. Its been a crazy week
Nine years ago today went on my first date with Amy
Looking for someone in Madison who can create some simple body illustrations for a medical app - stylized outlines important, not realism
K I'm waiting
lol he CEO of dat sh*t ! position just given to him, never had a job a day in his life... I'm in the wrong occupation
we dont see things as they are, we see them as we are.
if they get one in their backyard, I want to come try it out! :)
Get on the list stop playing with frauds and losers that can't spell or CAP
This should not have happened. Oh god.
A search engine considers the content of the sites to determine the QUALITY of a backlink, have them from relevant sites.
woow swag right there
#ThatAKWARDMomment --> Typing In Google Really Fast So You Wont See All Those Suggestions -_-
Philadelphia district attorney says his office will no longer pursue the death penalty against And the work continues....
ok. Still painful but everything going well.. Hope to be out Sunday or monday
can you ask them to return my groupons?
Awesome! If you buy tickets from us you can get them for 2 dollars cheaper :)
Black Plague doctors... fuck yeah!
RT : oppression flourishes not because of evil, but because of the many who endorse it w/silence or private/safe hand wringing
Great food last night. Good beer too
This series is getting god! Looks like Mavs may take game 4!
ouch, Enes just got dunked on... & he committed the foul. Lets go big fella
Most championships, heisman winners. Sounds scary to me RT : "Rudy." The idea that ND has that many fans is terrifying. RT
As good as cats at least! RT :
FantasyPlaza Thanks for following...
SORRY HUN, WE ARE FULL THIS THURS EVENING, IS TOMORROW ANY GOOD? OR 530 WEDS?
Mistakes. We all make them.
nice. Travel safely.
not looking to hot for the lake show..bynum playing like Perkins haha
We're going to eat pizza at lunch today. Wanna come with?
There are many wonderful things that will never be done if you do not do them. Charles D Gill
She is my dancer when she dance I throw her dollas!
actually I wouldn't be surprised. some guys just don't realize what they have until it's too late. I've made that mistake
Veganism has always been about rejecting animal products as far as POSSIBLE and PRACTICABLE.
#wiwx tips for you! How to shovel: grab remote, slippers, afghan. Find recliner. Relax, & enjoy the comfort of your #energyefficient home!
hope your new salons are doing well. Keep up the great work !
Neil Armstrong has been kicking it suborbital since 1955! Excited abt his thoughts on X15 and "birth of suborbital spaceflight"!
Isn't it amazing how a song presented at the right time has the power to bring you to your knees?
So far I don't know anyone who has been able to see it. Have been scanning FB for posted pics, nothing!
If and are both in town for my birthday that will be the end of me. Death by happy.
Th song pay phone is kinda sad
what time do i need to catch the train?
Check your direct messages <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Our drama dept. earned the SDETA Distinguished Theatre Program Award. Thank you to my principal, students and parents!
to 11:11 and now to #SAYSOMETHIN !You have improved so much, I'm so proud of you!<3 I love you ; your song is perfection! <3 3
Hey there! We were in NYC and had the busiest week. Glad to see you again, virtually! Hope the holidays are treating you well : )
thanks so much, Chad! I've heard there are a few tix left for Sunday. 635-PLAY
I find it so cute how my 5 year old sister is obsessed with Adele's 21 CD
3/6 ap tests done. can't wait til this weekend
why can't I fall asleep
i've been in colombia. so no!
In AWE of all u veteran AIIP'ers! Thanks for a fabulous first conference! Great mtng all of you!
Girls always think they're winning the fight until they lose the man they thought they had already won.
Ladies get your hair done right! follow
you guys are the cutest couple! Your so sweet to each other! :) have a wonderful day love birds! :)
hi! I'm going out of town for work (to Palm Springs!!!!) but will come say hi when I get home. Loved the rabbit bolognese last visit
WTF LOAD TWITTER
I agree - Set ridiculous fitness goals! - "If at first an idea doesn't sound absurd then there's no hope for it." -- Albert Einstein
we now have Tad's scarves in common! Look forward to our next meetup.
theme = Buddy likes The South
This afternoon I dreamed about, wow, I'd give for a dream come true: P If you want to know what I dreamed, follow me,please
good pullin a Double. Ugh
Hey everybody, follow to more than 100 followers
Happy mother's day you guys!
Vets Unite is Launching a New Site to help Vets get the Help they need. We need web help and donations. Email us if you can help!
Great time, great food! House smoked haddock cake, caviar, mustard & creme fraiche with a glass of Albarino..
I'm remaking the remake of the remake of ITFOD because I have the EP version! :P
New this year: UCLA students receive FREE admission to Archive screenings with a valid Bruin ID!
you rock sir!
By "it" i mean the show i've been cutting, of course.
Getting another iPod touch.
Long hot day.time for a swim.
people don't know how to copy now a days
Oh, and Chris is beautiful on the inside AND the outside.
Moments away from the opening face-off on #WesternNight at The rival in the house tonight. Alex Gajic returns.
“: Officially an Arkansas Razorback!!! #GOHOGS #razorbacknation #WPS” Welcome Ray!!
I just want to sleep all day.
Time to put my phone away before I say something I'll regret in the morning.
Vans Warped Tour hits Atlanta in just a little over a week and a half. I'll be there!! Where will you be?!?! =D
its just tweets back and forth with her friend and an iconiac. i think its just a joke tho :>)
ooh yeah i can see how that'd be tough. btw, i am NOT ignoring your email. I'm mostly just ignoring... life. lol
Tonight @ the Studio... Salsa 4 those w/experience @ 6:30pm. Followed by Casino Rueda @ 7:30pm and (beginners R welcomed).
follow back nigga
Gotta keep you on your toes, Alisiana. You're sure to blow that final out of the water.
I know the girl i want gay will never turn gay LOL
treat people as concepts, map them to uncover hidden connections. why researchers need vivo
If You Went To ICON And Saw Chachi Right Now, Your Lucky Cuz I Live In Fricken California
hey! Heard you on Hockey East OT!
I've read about him and DM'd him. He said he was working on English translations. He has a great voice.
If money is your hope for independence you will never have it
justin bieber? Haha ;)
So I told my bae...I'm on my way!
I'm pretty good :) just all bored! No ones up and stuff :l how've you been since Ms. Julie's class? :D
Think pink! Fabulous.
ladys that strip make that cash shaking that ass my triple beams M O B hold it down in cali in NY IL FL we taking this shit world wide LV
To all my new followers thanks for the follow, to all my old followers thanks for the ongoing support.
Aaww :3 I love that dogs my friend have one
A moment of appreciation for #madmen PR team. Is there an outlet that hasn't featured the show's return tonight?
Being impatient <<<<<<
My balls & my words all I have
You're welcome! Anytime. And next time...you'll have to come for homemade sauce and pasta.
or with the storm that's about to kick in
LMFAO! your stalker is that kiwi girl?!?!
packed house and killin it at !
feels like summer in OK today.
Ashley Tisdale & Boyfriend Scott Speer Split: Report It looks like Ashley Tisdale is a single lady. Us Weekly reports that the High Schoo
My bae Malibu takes good care of me.....love her so much.
ill give u mines 203 8503876
I should just fuck off lol
Thanks for reading!
Hey Karen! Thanks for the following.
yes, yes that is Squirtle. From the episode of Pokemon, where there is a gang of them
Some drunk young man just told me I look like an angel-faced virgin who doesn't cuss. Who the hell was he mistaking me for?!
The more things you love, the more you are interested in, the more you enjoy
Also a good choice! How do you like yours? Spicy? Mild?
#SuperBowl The game is over and the Giants have won the Super Bowl again 21-17. Patriots just can't figure it out.
in the gym u at home
#IWASTHINKIN DOES. WHO WANTS ICE CREAM?
We just found out it's an Antonov An-124, here to refuel.
Funny how falling feels like flying for a little while
shares her journey rebranding at Intersections and Shared Ideals Across Design Disciplines
Pouched or poached?
Jackson Hole? West Jellystone?
Ok ok he might be right I love talent that shit Turn me On ...
Man I've never had an issue with Seagate ever. My old Seagate that I use for everyday use has been tickin' since 2006!
Bullets one at a time or together? Research says show all parts at once before digging into parts
Some blk folks want light skinned babies with curly hair just to have something to brag about
Sadly, I'm about to make your day worse...check ur inbox. Actually, go look at pictures of kittens playing and THEN check.
#SongsIListenToEveryday Magnificent Seven by The Clash (well, most days...)
Doing what I do best.
good, at brunch now. You?
Show tomorrow night Doors open at 7pm, $7 cover. Come out and show us your support!
i had no choice but me and my mom have a better relationship ship now :D
Anytime. RT : Just finished the half, and that sounds great right about now.
windows down radio up kinda day.
Early 90s hip-hop was the real innovator. The five years between 90-95 were a boom like we'll never see again.
GOT EM !! Electric Daisy here we come
1nce upon a time in
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace
The Walking Dead game on XBLA: Fun but kinda drags ass.
it sounds like an effing mariachi band out side my window it's 3 in the morning shut up
Go Brew Crew!
I'm thinking about frying up a pound of Benton's bacon and just drinking the rendered fat
~Hi you wanted to speak about possible collaboration?
"riverun past Eve and Adam's by swerve of shore and bend of bay, etc" tried it hundreds of times, when it worked, we got married
Talent management LA...
Every 2nd week. RT : Did I miss the Friday word play competition? I missed breakfazzt today so anything's possible.
I just renewed my premium for another year, no question. I use it dozens of times a day.
#nowplaying ol dirty bastard Brooklyn Zoo
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY TO ALL THE MOTHERS WORLDWIDE!!!!!
So tempted to make a waffle...but gotta be ready for
Hey are you working on a screenplay or a film... I'm working on a feature screenplay to hoopefully film this year.
I was going to respond to your tweet, but you deleted it skank.
I love hearing your voice
"Critical Psychology Confronts Racialized Crises": Free talk by Michelle Fine of on prison pipeline TODAY 4pm
life is more fun that way lol
You've got to lose to know how to win.
that's fair but I think the energy some journalists expend obsessing over tech (and technique) can be better spent on story.
#3WordsOfAdvice Learn To Spell.
Sounds like your wife and I would get along then! :-) Thanks for the message.
basically a thank you for staying patient and continuing to support the overall agenda...
Wednesday -6/1/2011 - DJ Mike T Classic Wednesday's!!! Time to dance and party with DJ Mike T playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music!!
That's right scal that's what we do
You're really going to tell me, Tim Duncan is even half the defender is?! That automatically supplants Tim at #10!
Going to see Joe Rogan tonight at Cobbs in San Francisco!
Greenpeace is the "largest environmental organization globally in 40 different countries" says
Did you know that the number two plastic surgery procedure is breast enhancement?
I agree completely but it's not like I have anything to look forward to I'm just going to be working to pay for car insurance.
Watching the #Clippers while picking winners for #HollywoodPark with a #PizzaPort brew in hand.
there was a time when my world was full of darkness.
wish things were the same as they used to be...
Greta Van Susteren confuses herself
My back has been aching really bad since yesterday. I wish a cute boy would give me a massage.
Follow the Adamouski if you are an emerging artist and wish to participate in our international art competition.
to the msn joint?
In My Room Workin On Some Of My Music. & iFinally Have A Name 4 My Upcoming Album!.
you're the love of my life!
It's Friday..back to work on Sunday!
thank you. :)
Really? Change my password? Jee willy how clever of you
Biology EOC this morning ;-; ima fail...
I use #Microsoft #OneNote - integration w/ IE is nice, supports diverse multimedia & is searchable. #Zotero is great too
Jalen we just past there decided not to go
One week until so many amazing bands and #Michigan brands!
Well, it is a toasty 48 Degrees F here where I am... please let it rain and the heat wave break in Texas!!!
Uh, maybe we should wait to judge whether it's tweet-worthy!
Knowing em, there'll be f time to catch other shows n then be in time for them to take da stage at 2a.
Shoulders, Triceps, and core today...it's gonna be a good Tuesday :)
Tiger expressed ALL of the sentiments that he needed to express.
Hahaha ya boy Wayne teamin up wit #TPAIN to do a musical ab Freaknik. Haha hope it’s as wild as this Weezy DVD we gots.
So I'm addicted to sleep, its my drug, my bed is my dealer, & my alarm clock is the police
Someone was creepin on my instagram earlier.
LIVE NY HOUSING Special: apt studio UES - all inclusive - comfortably accommodates up to 4 people -$150/night. Inquiries
haha oh :D my dogs are annoying at night Dx
bwahahaaa that's amazing!
keep them <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>thumbs up<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Ohmygoood. The google zipper thing is soo much fun... #Fact -.-
Visualize what you can't see
Off to the mid west.......see you next week west coast!
Tomorrow is my little sister kyla and my ex boyfriend's birthday
i've had some help and been at it a while - 8380 of those are my posts
jk - translation - im not kidding i just dont want you to get mad at what i said
If you're hungry when you leave #diytrunkshow there so many great restaurants nearby.
Experience "sophisticated relaxation" while earning 10% #cashback when you go to Prime Cigar & Wine Bar!
Happy Birthday Mom ( Patricia Pulley) .. Hope you have a great birthday weekend!! I love you bunches!!!!!!!!
u got a few ass whipping coming
Let's go get it!
Miami in less den 2 weeks :)
Follow me ! Changing the world one beautiful person at a time.
When he messages you && says Hey Babe:) It just makes your whole day better:)
Finally in wish I had someone to go home too
That's not true. Break out Dave's App for yourself and see, there are numerous ways to make a least change map work.
Slept way too long today... In other news, good morning.
YOU ARE INCREDIBLE! :)
A stellar and timely article. Thanks for sharing Lance!!
Don't forget! World-renowned State Capella (Choir) of Russia will be in Potomac, MD, TONIGHT at 7 pm! Tix are only $35! Call 301.548.9250.
but while the 1st half was controlled by FCD, SKC took over the 2nd and made the game theirs. Deserved win in the end
Kourtney was a bitch to Scott. He was so sweet to commission that painting of them! #kktny she's weird for not wanting pix at all in the hse
I just walked by a house that had a bunch of swords sitting on the front porch.
Djslym: I'm gonna have lil scrappy in town soon doing features with indie artist. If u interested please hit me up. Serious artist only FWD
#kids Frog Prince at The Art Centre Theatre, Fri, May 11 5:00p: Come be a part of the audience for this wonderful production. Join us on...
Since FN_shorty is away... #FNgamenight is a solo mission. Social stream + steam games tonight! Skype in and play with me!
I'll take a bottle of sodo to go
°o° OK! Which one of you just got 567,000 on Toy Story Midway Mania and ruined it for the rest of us? :)
but really, did stare at your ass. She told me all about it and I stared, too.
haha yep sounds about right
We're at the best place around, but some stupid with a flare gun burned the place to the ground. Damn! I know we’ll never forget
take me with you! I love u!
William Levy escaped Cuba, Donald Driver overcame homelessness, and Katharine Jenkins had a bad breakup...
Not feeling the anouncers at the clippers game.
thanks shell :)
Why does everybody say I play games I don't lol
There is a method to everything I do....
to review DK concert for Examiner.com.
Follow she just got a new Twitter account to go with her new last name :)
I couldn't agree with u more “: I can not!! I reapeat: I CAN NOT WAIT TILL SCHOOL IS OVER! I am so over this semester.”
chasing the sun=amazingestfantastical song EVER
It's been a god weekend .
We can help you work some brewing history into the next Trivia Night, just say the word!
I think in a month. Just had one so back in training.
As gas prices go up, I see more people taking the bus and Metro Rail.
When the weight of life is bearing down, stare back and have the courage to take just one more step...
I love that color!
Moms signing for her new truck
Production on the second installment of Dexter: Dorm Room Days starts tonight! It's going to be a killer shoot..
great to hear that is involved with ! Loved "Random Acts of Kidness" that was at Block2
low key i jump higher than all yall. Lmao jk
Digging out my tennis gear for tomorrow, finally.
So how bad is Gretchen going to be on stage?
Good Morning Denver, CO. Rockies 1-6 on the Road, When will the Bats erupt, and the Pitching stabilize?????
#iplspring SCOTUS focused on source-distinguishing ability of mark, not ontological status as color, that permits it to serve basic TM purps
Decided not to go this weekend!
Birmingham, AL- need females for video shoot. Pay is 200 dollars. Nudity not required. (Casting Code B3)
Just watched VD on DVR. Now I can go to sleep, too!
Now that's the kind of talk I like 2 hear!
ONE HOUR AWAY from our viewing party for Red Bull Supernatural 1-3PM! -- both Dupont and Tenleytown locations
is getting really concerned I'm not gonna finish this project by the end of the year.
3OT incoming #caps #rangers both teams blasting shots, i predict winning team wins series (1-1 currently)
Referring to the story, I just hope that no disciplinary action is taken against these employees.
It's confusing..
I'm inspired to watch my children face the hard stuff in life even when it's most painful. Very proud to be their mom!
: I've never learned anything at a conference. It's the feeling. Makes you feel like you could accomplish anything.
its 10:45 and i'm passing out why
#ABC's #TheBachelor will be holding a casting call in #Baltimore on June 28th, at the #GreeneTurtle #Baltimore at McHenry Row
Philly learned from past to include parents so created school advisory councils to choose operators for turnarounds
You, who invented virtualization, I love you.
Watching #milansanremo #msr on French eurosport and I'm intrigued and amused by the trail for le Rois de la Pedale after
How appropriate that I'm at the #FAMUNAA convention and a Rainforest Films movie is on TV!
Thanks for the RT's
Only three more day until opening day
I hope that RGIII works out better for the Skins than Leaf was for the Bolts. Last time a team traded for the second pick behind the Colts.
Darlene Cypser's The Mystery of the Ghostly Bells ebook will be free tomorrow on amazon. Sherlock Holmes & Watson investigate haunted house
Send all design inquires to
Shout 2 my HOMIE his VISUALS FINA KILL EM!!!!
Everybody go follow !!!! Shes Awesomee. :D
Those are like my ABC's in smiley faces format
"Project managers really crack me up...” - I feel you,most are glorified babysitters & have zero leadership qualities..
I'm off to Spain! But fear not, in 2 weeks I'll be back to brighten your day with happy tweets. In the meantime I'll be snapping castanets.
WOW just finished our album art up. Its amazing! Thanks a ton dude!
Dear please come out and play.
oh mariners revenge with the first encore. Amazing.
pretty much .... nobody going to ever see things the way the other side see it so drop it ..
About to get an exam on my shoulder and then some A.R.T.
Damn straight.
Just book the Kindle app on my MacBook and bought a book. Why did I not do this sooner?
Once the cat's out of the bag, there's no turning back.
Morning twitter!
fuck this, im going after you<3
"what does the term library mean to you?"
Totally jelly right now
I wonder what talking about .
Is anyone else aware that the #HoustonRockets had Jeremy Lin but gave him up to sign Samuel Dalembert? Sittin on a gold mine & didnt know it
Safe travels guys! RT : Wow brewery folk in full force at DIA! watch out San Diego!
thank you shawty love u for that
he he he ok! I'm finally going to sleep.. Nite nite <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>u!!
for myself. I'm greedy like that ;)
I am! I haven't been able to stop playing Happy Hour since it came out!
And when Im there? Andi is doing nothing that is considered mathh? lol
If we keep students at the center of our efforts, we can enact change, says Ward of
Is that place new orleans themed by any chance?
Bottoms Up
having a cyberpunk moment via skype with at
maybe courtyard ill kno for sure tommrrow round 2
I'm your biggest fan!! #Belieber forever
There is a "Snapped" marathon on. I cannot stop. Bitches are crazy.
That was the one that actually inspired last weekend's stupid MLB letter-swap thing. Still amuses me.
Overheard at a Portland food co-op, "It's for Christmas dinner, so it needs to go with the baby Jesus ribs."
A unit of power equal to 1,000 watts.
Quick! Tell Doug, Kottaras at first, Maldanado as 2nd catcher!
thank u my love you r a great girl too :) I have to study a little bit and I'll relax the rest of the day :D what did u do ?
yeah bro for sure i wanna chill with my niggas
#Grateful today for good friends who share my passion and inspire me!
Happy Birthday buddy. Many happy returns of the day. Hope someone has purchased you a horse trough full of skittles! :)
the fountain at Bellagio for sure
Are you getting the results you want from your actions? If not, do you need to switch the way you look at things, if ever so slightly?
The Abyss only wants deep, meaningful hugs.
Awww...thanks so much! Have a super weekend!
:cod quote... going to play cod4?
SHOUT OUT TO BILL GOLDBERG AND MANY BLESSING TO YOU SIR. GOD BLESS!
I would actually like to know what kind of summer reading programs you have planned?
Still trying to wake myself up...didn't get much sleep last night, ugh!
Jim asked about it, and I said it would be good to make it adjacent to but not in conflict with. ASEE in Louisville?
Thanks very much
Finally moving out of my patents house and moving in with some crazy ppl who wants to help me pack ? haha
i cant im at band camp right now
Lovely work holiday party yesterday . Will definitely be hard for to match it today.
LEONA LEWIS IS AMAZING.
shit lol im flat broke...shit i need a hustle
Will there still be room for the copper mantels to grow if have all that other stuff in there...?
Boy, nothing makes me appreciate my good health like losing it for a day or two.
Those are some good ones. I'd pick Cristiano Ronaldo (omfg), Ryan Kawnten, Robert Smith. Picking three is too hard.
BIG CONGRATS 2 my colleagues , Bartley, Nasser & team on the Overseas Press Club Award 4 their Egypt/Libya reporting
I think I need to go back to my old ways....
Join us on June 4th in NYC!
= shock jock. Trying to imply white Redskins fans are racists. Stop it SKIP! Shame on you!
Where the spots at for the fight tonight d.c
What a movie! Watched Tatoo 2 times in a row!!
but thats me ?
What do you listen to while you work out?
thanks for the quick response! I will forward the Email
Thank you for the #FF shout out!
Playing a combo gig at Black on Burlington on August 3rd. Private event
I know it's Paulie at the plate but starting Dunn moving is a little much
We had a blast at NHT's Annual Event, this past Sat! Shaunyce Omar rocked the house as High Hat Hattie.
Anyone know of any SlidesShare alternatives?
Since Dwight Howard is out for the Olympics Tyson Chandler is a lock to make team USA
Please have standards... Or you'll settle for anything!
Actually, level of severity has no relation to parent's level of optimism. Apparently, it's a matter of choice.
"What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us." Oliver Wendell Holmes
listening "shook me all night long" by AC/DC and sweeping the floor.You guys create a big mess last night. :)
Mad Men is on there!?!?!?! I've been wanting to watch that and didn't even think to search for it...thank you so much!
website re-design! Far less clutter and larger type size! Nice job :)
Cottage cheese >>
if only i knew the answer to that question... ": why are you always awake"
Hey there! Yes, it was me..... your guys are AWESOME! Thanks so much for taking care of us, you are Awesome!
My head hurts! :(
some very cool classes there!
When a grown person decides they need to tell me a ghost story, I just say in my best spooky voice "I'm so bored!"
BatteryPower.co is open!
because they are losers. They do it all the time!
That's awesome! Let us know when you do. We'd love to see it. Plus, who doesn't love chocolate?
free yoga for earth day! sunday, 4:30pm @ Fed Hill & sunday, 8pm @ Towson -- just say the magic password "mother earth" to get in fo' free!
How many starters will be in the Miami Dolphins’ rookie class?
Today 1936: Freight train derailed near Janesville, WI. 18 cars, 13 of which were oil tankers, burned. Luckily, no one was injured.
follow me :D
Bagels made it through customs
I'm not going to lie today was pretty good!
Great weekend now time to recover for the next round of shenanigans!
A big congratulations to Indiana's 2011 Teacher of the Year, Stacy McCormack, from Penn High School!
Blue Ivy Carter Meets Prince, Taylor Swift, Nicki Minaj and Others [SNL SKIT]
btw I havent seen you in too long wtf bro!
I would like to congradulate. this is an honor and something to make a big deal of.
Good morning twitter
It's a prank y'all.
if denver wins i hope no laker fans off themselves
Safe travels! Have fun in Portland!
RT : A word of THANKS to ALL who attended "An Evening with the Arts" hosted by & ! Indeed, it was a very...
Its quiet in the car....
Pool swim !! Ahh my favorite ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><U+270A>
We may have to. Hope you dont mid gettin your hands a little dirty lol
Damn what am i doing awake o__O?
That awkward moment when you didn't set anyone straight...
okay yall lets do it!
got nothing...
#prowrestlingtv Attitude Era #Raw....SWEET!!!!
Is waiting....
Okay so I can't believe I'm saying this...Kentucky basketball team is important :( lol
I was like.. Did dis nigga get lighter? BUT NO. IT'S YO TEEF. Now call me I need to ask you somefiiiish!
Much appreciated RT : I declare today void. Don't even bother starting it
that sarcastic RT : Well this is gonna be a sweep. Clippers completely overwhelmed early. Totally dominated by the Spurs.
...and the value of giving away services to causes u believe in can be immeasurable..says Margaret conf.call
we are all still very proud of you guys..
This may be a position player pitching kind of game. Who comes in? Maybe Pedro and they don't play with a third baseman.
You'll be getting a call from the FBI soon.
Just finished editing my paper for the #AES spring conference, presenting tomorrow
this is my hat now. This is totally my hat.
Gettin that tan on!
I have no tolerance for other people if I'm sober.
Haha :) Yeah, I heard a Shark on #SharkTank say it. Made me cringe :(
If u need any artwork or photography done get at me.. package deals on design and print also. hit me up for samples of my work..
Nicki is going on tour with Britney this summer, according to Ryan Seacrest.
Happy birthday :D
Preserve rivalries, don't chase money RT With all this change what is AFs goal? They are a nation team in a regional league.
If you like to learn and laugh...you're in the right place!
i have to go be back on later !! going to a BBQ with the family :) !! i love you all <3
had a look at your website and I was a little confused with what your software does and I am experienced in WP
Bollywood Flashmob and more at Dance Is The Answer closing party TODAY at Strathmore: www.danceistheanswer.org
Grapple with this, Marquette BasketBall is right around the corner already! Don't forget we send buses for all regular season home games!
omg yes i can finally get back on twitter(:
Who knew a new headboard and bed frame could make so much of a difference... I slept wonderfully last night.
We like cellphones in the hood we die or catch a charge..
#FF who was a birthday girl this week!
adjusting my #quantifiedself experiments to further datify my life.
What I would do to visit now! RT Only immediate family could visit an inmate during their stay at Mansfield.
Breath into the belly. Sing from the belly.
Wow...seriously??
did mama Reidel approve of that?? We need lyndsey for the ultimate trifecta!
Can't find my phone, can't hear the ringer, and is down. Fantastic!
Never underestimate the POWER of keeping #RAW Almonds at your desk or in your car. They will SAVE you from cheating on any diet.
pls let me help u!!! I know what works and what is pointless! A pump is a must! Lol oh I love y'all!
Thanks to , Nicole Wallace is famous.
Radio Crystal Awards The theme: Community service is good for business. Here with
party like a rocker my niggas wilder then flocka
HOW DO YOU GUYS FIND OUT YOUR FCAT SCORES?
I have all sorts of white people calling me from Utah. It's quite adorable lol.
Isaac is in the other room rocking the babe to sleep so i can listen to the music
Got some new clientele in the last week and some new Graphic designers in the last 2 Weeks. The expansion begins
Toure is a race baiter. Obsessed with race.
yea I feel that! I hear Gorgui Dieng is coming out with r&b album!! Should b a good 1!!
#IfWeAreInARelationship i would be blessed and would be the luckiest girl alive<3
My #Bdaytweet goes out to breezy Happy bday !
I Wore a brand new white shirt to work and some how managed to get ketchup all over it ... I suck at life!
Hey - find our street team on campus today! There may or may not be balloon animals involved.
Yeah! Clarinets are the "violins" of the wind ensemble :)
Dedicated my day to Nathan. <3 :)
Just had dinner at eddies moms house. Shredded turkey on Cuban bread with black beans and ride. #poopytime!
Definitely horns.
Did you know that if you mix dirt with vodka, you can make mud? and its organic!
For the Twitter marketing automation community: Marketo CEO Phil Fernandez has joined the convo Looking forward to his thoughts
bye have a great day <3 i love you
she follows everyone back x) but its something :)
what the subtweet is going on in here?
you're going to your dad's this weekend??? Me to!(: follow?? It would make me super happy(:
yeah! thanks again erin! :)
Hopefully no flooding? All if this nice weather here all the bugs are already out
lost 5.5 pounds since his last weigh-in!
With great power, comes great responsibility.....and shorter naps.
"Oh, I knoww. Only woman that I feel should be shot." -My Dad (Agreeing Ms. Trunchbull is evil)
thank you for the retweet
That'd be great! Looking forward to hearing about the conference, too.
Looks like met about everyone in #BBN. I didn't even have a sighting :( He's going to be a fan favorite for a long time!
i need a ja-ja-jacket :P im fa-fa-freezing :P
Debating who will win the SEC West with a random Bama fan at Chick-fil-A. That is about as Southern as it gets.
I think ima disappear for a few weeks.
Srsly, also, hopefully UNvicariously, too. Is there a pre-existing word for that?
Was there even a closet to begin with?
RT : Per , the have signed QB John Beck. Released by on April 28.
When they gonna invent a way to get lotion on ur back? Damn
I'm not sure what's less surprising about that home run. That K-Rod gave it up or that Kotsay hit it.
Any symptoms yet Danny?
Hey , I'm excited to perform on the Claremont stage tonight!
RT RT : "$60 million will buy 300 miles of urban bikeways or one mile of urban freeway… Cycling is a cheap date."
Frank Ocean live streaming on #Coachella right now. So much weed. So much smoke. So much dope.
lol k goodnight.
oh and i almost forgot... it's been a while since i've been trolled so badly.. just like getting rickrolled, congrats 4 that
that just shows he was a fake.....hahaha
Hate the smell of stanky ass breath :/
U make me want to say oh my ohmy
Dallas returns to television after a 14 year run and a 22 year hiatus. Now if only Larry Hagman and Barbra Eden re-did I Dream Of Jeanie!!!
I might be out of the loop, but what is kony??
Gunpowder tea is green tea rolled into small balls (pellets). The compact pellets keep well, better than most teas and packs a punch!
#digifact Digital surrogate can offer interaction/experience unavail w real object, e.g. mechanism demo or hi res magnification capability
So good at procrastinating. Frikin midterms-.-
So many sour faces in Nashville today. #PeytonManning has let his old college home fans down. Oh well...
Rider is Brad Domke. Rides for Great surfer too.
rips waves as well as music!
Its Funny When Hoes Try To Compete Against Me, That Shows They Wanna Be Me
But, as soon as I say that...they run 3 off!! Nicely done!
It's #Friday!!
The Nutcracker on Ice, December 9&10!!!
im always ranting to myself about this one bitch..lol
it's actually not *that* fussy, and for someone who can master graphics software? Pieceums of cakie, hmm? I'll try and help.
yes! radio interview would be great. Can you DM me your contact info?
“: Lol at that boy rondo” haha! i know! i think he forgot where he was!
Everything o:)
I wish I have time to watch a live NBA game..
'Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all. - Alfred Lord Tennyson
This skit on SNL is blowin' minds.
I think it went okay thanks :) How was your day? Did you get my email? x
ECO Friendly Home Improvement Retail Store Announces Grand Opening
lol i think i might join the darkside
full album released today though
When I know that Liverpool won the Carling Cup, football is gaining popularity in the US.
Veterans: come check out the Kansas City Veterans Fair at !
I heart
I keep listening to "Misunderstood" over and over! Such an awesome song!!
pssst. rumor has it that OB Rag may be "sharing" a post w/ what ever happened to partisanship?
I don't want to wait forever for this song to come on
Still in session. Gonna be a long week. Interesting, though.
I believe Casey did it, but prosecution never proved w/o doubt she did it. Lack of evidence. Shame she's getting away w murder
You'll never understand what you put me through...
thanks a bunch S/o to you a must follow
Hey Walter! Are you guys hosting a caving clinic anytime soon? May be spending more time in Tampa in the months ahead. :)
S/O to Wall Street & Jedi Knight School… Cincinnati's Finest
AND THIS GAMES IN THE REFRIGERATOR!!!!! LAKERS 3-1
Literally lol'ed at the people in line at mcdonalds. #ftw, duh! Yay rick bayless!
I hate it when people unfollow
I think they're at Starbucks once a month. ;-) hope to see you guys soon.
Thanks John! Great team, great partners.
Thanks bunches!
USPTO Director David Kappos launches new blog for general public and inventors: www.uspto.gov/blog
haha it's not, but school might be! Waiting to hear back from Pikeville.
Dead ass I think dude on my TL is gay
1 Cobb salad 24 dollars plus tip and delivery. 1 movie 18.99. Salad and a movie rental. 50 dollars.
the only promise in life is death
I'm coming in on Saturday! trying the stuffed hash browns FOR SURE. And bacon.
I'm not a Clipper fan in any way but you have to hate basketball to not admire what the Clippers are attempting tonight.
"Good Will Cunting"
Its a Rick Perry joke. Ya know what nevermind lol
there is a new brief (the 3rd brief) check it out and don't forget to leave a comment
Become a team boss with F1 Online: The Game™ - Formula 1
Another big shoot tomorrow, really goin for it. Live chickens. Send us luck.
Hump Day Special! Fuse'd Chocolate Bar. Spiced dark chocolate on graham cracker crust...this delicious creation will get u thru to Friday!
#IamAStanBecause Eminem isn't afraid to show his emotions
those cuties have a lot of ap-peal.
If laughter boosts your metabolism, what happened to Dom DeLuise?
Did that pimple on the inside rim of your nose finally go away? - JW
#Patriots Let's go we got this!!!!!
Happy Birthday enjoy!
Happy Mother's Day to all who qualify!
#Ke$MVP because it's like an 'S' for "second" and a "$" for a crazy big contract
u'll meet someone amazing, i know it. haha
Does anyone recall the gem that Wolf was pitching. I forgot
Getting nervous for the show on Friday already! Uh oh!
i was juss talkin to him about music and he told me hit u up lol....u do music?
I trust in you lord. No matter what.
you're going to take on all 3? Has the gauntlet been thrown?
#ConfessionTime I like feeling sexy.
omg. why am I not being productive?
sadly no. Last year will be hard to top, but I will be gracing Chicago with my presence.
haha yes I am :P but I'm going to sleep
Don't bash what you don't fully understand. You don't sound smart or evolved, u sound like a douche. Better yet, don't bash anything at all.
I can't put my finger on if I'm more annoyed by the $ transaction or the client unsure of proper citations.
in getting nervous cause I don't have tickets yet. Keep your horn up
Laundry, website, and cocktails. Good so far. And you?
Some auditory delights in honor of our beeswax-producing friends, w/out whom there would be no Stewart&Claire (lip balm)....
Very excited to be in new York. Business and pleasure. So amazinging happy.
you're welcome! austria... that's very cool! greetings back from new york (state) :)
I think it was spot on :) Got me to read the mail!
Forgery happened in a campaign CTA was leading. Never said you did it. But who did?? Docs don't forge themselves.
I'm going to France fore the first time on Saturday, I'm so excited!
Amazing -- signs of UMW really are everywhere!
hahaha wow.... That's rock n roll
Sorry to hear about this. Which direction were you going? Also, make sure you are using the most recent schedule dated 4/8/2012.
so much drama in the lbc
While the world is still sleeping, I'm up in the morning.
Looks delicious. Have a great trip!
Every last one of you quoting the odds of winning MegaMillions has already bought a ticket. So
okay, thanks!
uh oh - can you send a screen shot to please? Thanks!
The Avengers great movie<3 ^.^ watched it yesterday
Hear that ? Jen wants a karaoke sequel. Mechanical bull is optional.
ah come on help us out:)
gud morning leave the boos
Jam packed on the Tokyo subway this morning....What's that? This is the red line?
yeah. I got pics up of her everywhere lol
welcome to NYC! Can't wait to relive one of my favorite parts of tonight.
The problem with the Chevy end of the world commercial is that there will only be MEN left at the end of the world.
#YouWasCuteUntil i saw you pick up a cigarette.
Exclnt Program at #NYSAE next week.P&V showing PNV WebCasts at the Technology Showcase.
You will do great can't wait!!:D HaHa
thank you so much, i am so glad you like them!
Omygoshh! Mona is A!!
having fun? i know i am:D
ABOUT TO WORK ON SUM LINES FOR NEXT WEEKS AUDITON!!!
cough.. I'm right over here ;)
Have the new drive set up with all of the files transferred. Now to link the media then finish the new edit and create a new sound mix.
It irritates me that does not mention controversy about Sapong's goal in their analysis. They fail to acknowledge any failure from ref
getting ready to watch the Oscars..my favorite awards ceremony of the year<3<3
I am wiser because of my mistakes.
2 things I find attractive about Ocho Cinco is he is gorg & a douche bag. That's it
LOL! RT : Holy Cow! It's bad-dressed tourists day in DC. Didn't they get the memo that the cherry blossoms are gone?
wow, just did... is sweet!
Wisconsin is representing tonight at the #Westminsterdogshow!
No Ad-Rock died the beastie boys are suppose to live forever
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty
black girl
Oh no it's Friday the 13th!<U+E11C> SCARY! / #
For real? I just got a letter in the mail from the BMV saying my license is suspended? I didn't do shit???
Fillimg out an app for mcds (aka the whore house of fast food)
GET INTO Battlestar Galactica!
Oh shit!! ": Ahahahaha RT : #weDONTgotogether when I smack the shit out you for assuming we go together!! #sub lmao"
UGH that always happens. fixed now.
Left CSI OpenHouse #CSINSC , missed #X10 bus (driver saw me, drove off) Nice stranger in car gave me lift & caught bus #NewYorkers are nice!
^o^ if someone promoted me I'd love you forever.
RT : Nice demo for team by #geocommons. Lots of potential for #archives & #libraries to share & expose
That's sad
upset that everyone is using purple ribbons for Sheridan's death..those are epilepsy awareness ribbons. NOT car wreck ribbons.
Crap. Now I notice the dog hair in my wine! RT : And has added Sour Patch Kids to her wine. With a straw. So there's that.
watching fear factor - why is this lady eating a pigs nose >:/
You just may be OK, it's the small regional planes that get the cancellations first. I'll be pulling for ya! :)
INCREDIBLES, baby. Also really dig the theme to Catch Me if You Can. Iconic? Probably not
“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.”
HU Art Department Student Body Meeting today from 2pm - 3pm in room 3001 of the Fine Arts building.
Welcome Big Ron, Sarah, Neal and Eric! Thanks for following...hope you like what you see. : ) Have a great day!!!
never stopped. And yeah, I'll definitely be around.ay even stop at a party or two. We'll see.
have a great weekend! When are you coming to NYC?
Who is the best rock group of all time?
I've genuinely laughed at two SNL sketches tonight. That's more than in years.
Great question!
Just discovered that we've accidentally included Alleluias in all our 5pm service leaflets during Lent. Surprised no one pointed it out.
tons of students at the secrets wall between classes!
you're my wonderwall.
thank you for following me! I didn't even know until today! Haha. Thank you again. I love youu<333
Thanks, Brian!
Hulu REALLY needs to improve its ad selection algorithm to avoid showing me the same useless ad 3 times in a row with no breaks in between.
even though you're a #Braves fan, you have to realize they probably won't be able to keep this up through a whole season.
Where leaders are born
Lol man I'm thinking bout banging this ice cream sandwich all because you made me hungry lol and today is tomorrow hahaha
<------Follow for instant follow back #Team2Sexy the baddest ladies on Twitter!!
Nothing ages your car as much as the sight of your neighbor's new one. EVAN ESAR
I just saw a spider...I'm not going to sleep.
I'm about ready to climb on top of this northbound Caltrain, India style. These people are bunk.
I'm back!! I'm refreshed and inspired!! Tonight @ 8pm Swing/Funk...that's right. I said it. Come find out what it means!!
« Happy Mothers Day 2 dem bitches wit kids»- LMAOOOOO
chilling like the winter lol
No hour of life is wasted that is spent in the saddle
Just did an interview with Tampa Bay Rays' player BJ Upton. Gonna see how his run compares to a cheetah's.
I am converging on
idk put whatever you want and thanks again
At least you didn't put coffee in your sugar.
My face has been numb since 230........ WTF
Feeling a little better, or at least dont feel like I'm gonna die today... its been 3 days now, and I have 7 more to go until im off meds :/
I hate to think I lost a friend cause u couldn't keep ya dick to yo self but hey next
Usually we love us some KTRU, but this bizarre Celtic/Guitar-Center-style metal shredding they're playing right now is...well, questionable.
Yes! Thanks! Going to the vet this morning to see if my pup needs surgery. Boo!
Job Hunt: Tips for using social networks to your advantage
LG LS970 'superphone' shows up again, flaunts its removable battery and NFC chip
#NF an solid disc jockey
hahaha, how does it feel selling out just to graduate? RT : No I dont want to sit in on a TU swim practice and write a paper on it
Does anyone have a pencil I can use for the ACT?
- that's because I'm a tough guy. Grrr!
Today is Cerebral Palsy Awareness Day. About 1 in 303 children in the U.S. have cerebral palsy...
When the waiter left our table he literally skipped away. When he approached us, he hopped. It was simultaneously unnerving and amusing.
Shower time , then to beat my mug! <3
RIP EJ McGuire
#teddyatlas going off on espn
its good !
I love the smell of diesel trucks in montana
80 yr old archivist from CO here for genealogy convention asks me for directions to East Walnut Hills. He's heard it's beautiful there
WE WE WE SO EXCITED!!!
Going to get dinner ready!! Buffalo steaks w/ wild mushroom couscous!!!
10% OFF all concentrates tomorrow at Farm Associated!!!!
made fabulous pad thai with my roommate tonight! Now watching Just Deserts & the ads for new Desert Delights gum. Great (obvious) tie-ins!
i know:o
#ShoutOutToTheBoys that are great Christian guys!
THE ULTIMATE IRONY: in order to become a notary public, you have to get your form notarized
I have to admit Rihanna's #WeFoundLove is catchy... that's all she's getting from me.
So excited to have won lunch! The link to contact Jacqueline, doesn't work but pls dm me & I'll send you my contact info. Thanks!
I get that the guys who own Brothers paid a lot-$1.98MM-for the property but assessed value is <$750K. Makes $2.1MM sound like a nice offer.
Had a blast! RT : Just opened up for Kenny Rogers! with
Learning about the Dell Social Media Command Center from the very intelligent Lisa!
smile. No, I did time in that effort already. Helping get volume 14 out was as much as I am capable of on that front.
Just had a small heart attack after a huge spider appeared out of nowhere & I almost stepped near it.
Thinking is more stinking than drinking, but to feel is for real. -Sufi Sam
Follow her! She rules! ": when I grow up, I want to be just like you. :) #NobodyFollowsMe #IAmFunnyISwear"
Nothing like a deadline to kick your creative %$#* in gear!
That's me... I also keep away from SxSW and ACL as much as humanly possible. Hate rowdy crowds, period.
the harassment makes me want to avoid cruises!!!
We wouldn't want to go trick or treating at these spooky houses, but just had to share them anyway - they're made entirely of LEGOs!...
Thanks for the RT! Tell my mom! : "Help a child and you impact one life. Help parents, and you impact generations." -Anonymous
If you do, perhaps you and your wife could stay in one of our amazing hotel suites! Could be a win-win for all! :)
I am on it!
Regardless of what anyone says (& I dont like non of his economics policies) Obama is a excellent politician.
Well..there's this boy....and he loves me like you never did. <3
This bitch gets on my nerves , she's always writing something irrevelant , like foh . fake bitch !
You know it's weird looking at that and seeing over your picture LINDSEYSTOMP FOR KING!...Just sayin'.
is a bit peeved at for getting to Operation Defriend before he did ;)
The hype got through my deflector shields. I bought Diablo 3.
nothing makes you feel more old than falling on your knees while skating. happy birthday chi!
OH #citycampsf: "So go into sediment?" ~ works on watershed data tables with a remote participant.
I woke up starving wish I had some1 to go to Denny's with! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Tweaking is a friendly word, except when noses are involved.
haha im watchin for the first time and losin it
Done with fieldwork as of Right. Now. W00t!!
enjoy your time abroad and don't worry will be here waiting when you get back
girl's are like candy. you can like and have a lot of them, but only one can be your favorite. damn do i like myself a milky way.
Thom, Last Brewer to homer in three straight plate appearances?
Visiting my sis, woke up to find her #cat brought me a plank of balsam wood 2X the length of her body.
sweet like candy to my soul. sweet you rock and sweet you roll.
One day until the #flyingpig marathon! sub 3:17, you're mine.
The lovely and are on the list +1 for tonight's show! Congrats lovies and enjoy!
Thanks! #Love ConquerEnt
I see you recently bought a condo off Michigan Ave. Want to talk about it?
of Sunnydale Tenants Association in 2009 of San Francisco Housing Authority is the last person to file his
- Happy New Year
they have my seal of approval as well.
Yeah. Here is just known for hotness in the summer. We got a lot of tornadoes last year too. It was bad!!
Please explain, Kon-E-zee is its own Brand and has nothing to do with any other franchise
Open your eyes!
Here's to the Mahomies who share their boyfriend with over 600,000+ girls.
: Wurstfest and Bandera's Hunter's BBQ are two of my favs.
Thanks for the shout out!
I can't stop sneezing today... Wtf!
Bynum and pau wanna run it back up to 11
Apologies for the multiple posts -- it was unintentional. Dang that technology stuff!
“Fonts are the clothes that words wear.” Beatrice Ward Wisdom shared today from Lisa A!
Thanks so much! We can't wait to start spreading the word about July 4th. Our motto: think about voting when you see fireworks. :)
would you like the vid link when it's ready?
I am up reading, highlighting, and taking notes. Librarians never sleep. We are always thinking about words, papers, and our glasses.
They should card everyone who tries to enter the store 'Forever 21' and turn away anyone over the age of 21.
Left the dentist. Nitrous is like flying with a swarm of locusts in your head. Not bad, but not terribly good either.
Yes, sweetie, Oliver has a hairpin and a strange accent for an Ohio boy.
dog, u will get way more than that...
Probably some truth to that, considering that buses would need to be reprogrammed...
Thanks for the RT!
thanks for the love! you kick some ass.
Baked Ziti On Them Boys
If you have a twitter boyfriend/girlfriend go kill yourself.
HEY GUYS. LET'S GET TO 3 MILLION BEFORE PARADISE. <33333.
Um people, beach hats are not derby hats.
have fun :) I'm going to smother u in water balloons !
For what?
“Allow myself to introduce…myself.” The Writing Center's Personal Statement Workshop is WEDNESDAY 4-5 pm, Tawes 1203 RSVP:
If I lived back in the Wild West days, instead of carrying a six-gun in my holster, I'd carry a soldering iron. That way, if som
Spring is the perfect time to paint the exterior of your home. Call Mr.D's painting for a free estimate. Our motto is " We Love to Paint "
It's all about hockey right now!
Anytime. :) Yeah I know what you mean my iPhone is always keeping me up too lol ;p
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO YOU TOO AUSTIN! even though you will never see this, TELL YOUR MOMMA SHE'S SPECIAL
In India this week on business and what a great experience - I highly recommend it!
If my friends didnt get so amped I wouldnt be so prone to attack.
Only wish someone mega, would retweet me </3
"it's like drinking delicious air"
this is gonna be so awkward <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Hoping today's only 10 hours ... *sigh*
This #Instagram app is sick!!
I refuse to even click on a Jezebel link anymore.
hey how u doin im Dez im from hicago i would really like to have a conversation w u can u dm me
#ff Another social site, Another password, Another you gotta do it. Create your Personal or Business Profile at www.about.me
Christmas Syndrome- When you are looking forward to something constantly, to the point of obsession
I respect people who are honest from the start, not cowards who hide behind lies and deceit.
Really wishes my boyfriend didn't have class till 1:00 in the morning. Stupid #FullSail! I haven't seen him in a month & I wanna skype :(
congrats to all the #pitt grads: MFAs, BAs, PhDs, MAs. Lovely to see you all read, process, beam and move on. Good luck!
haha stupid song.
its sad when your best friend is the reason you cant get a boyfriend *cough*
355 days and counting - down - to the End of it all. Make the best of every day.
thank u rudy
haha. my god they put on an amazing show.
A non-catchy press release can cause a story idea to be ignored simply because the person receiving it won’t instantly see the story.
really, ur blowing up my timeline, at least follow me!!! I'll stop spamming you
FYI those posts weren't spam! Just watch the video and you'll know why I'm doing this <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Oh school, how much i hate you.
Righton! Thanks. Hope it was a nice walk.
Just paid $5 to hear 4 Bruce songs at Pigskin. "Thunder Road" is next.
followed <3 i love my followers xP especially cause i joined 3 days ago and have 24 followers I LOVE YALL
Yes, it's all insane really.
NeNe is a negative person! How else would one talk about her. She is a big old mule and needs to be brought down.
I'M BEING ATTACKED BY A SQUIRREL HELP OMG OMG I'M SO SCARED
I prolly will in a little bit haha
Speaking of "Darkness", my dad once told me "Yeah, more like: Adam Raised a Pain in my Ass"
It's a morning! Running late on the way to the Lincoln Park Zoo for my volunteer shift.
An attitude of gratitude is all you need to thrive in all you do! I'm grateful today for too much to list here and I hope you are too!
Pioneers claim ninth-straight SBC title... Watton earns individual crown
Only treatment for above: "Don't pet parrots, and stay out of chicken coops and bat caves." I'm doing my best to comply with instructions.
Yes indeed!!
#SongsThatGiveMeGoosebumps In The Air Tonight - Phil Collins
My Eyes Jumping Like Hell
Hit me up anytime at
Some people doin the #Famufb and don't even go to Famu on my timeline lmao ok
Sounds like a great weekend
RT : "I renamed my iPod 'The Titanic' so that when I plug it in, iTunes tells me 'The Titanic is syncing.'" bit.ly/cgz6kH
We're hosing a Fall Meetup at the restaurant and would love for you to come.
Damn I want to be in #Amsterdam. Word up to JB3Music....Its already tomorrow today, that shit cray!
#Arians are creative, open hearted, and high spirited.
Remind me to check out more of Lana Del Ray's music after hearing Video Games this morn.
: Welcome New Rushman Shea McClellin to the Chicago Bears! #Bears #Beardown RUSH!
Chicks that smoke <<<<<
Urban&#39;s &#39;All for the Hall&#39; benefits country music history
In another moment down went Alice...never once considering how in the world she was to get out again...
Hankering for fried chicken night
it has power, and we buy shoes from 1991 made by modern slaves thinking we are the illest to ever do it since
come down to SD with Quik tonight !
:-) morning sweetie
is movie night happening?
The day i walk across that stage i will have proved majority of people in my life wrong :) cant wait for june 2013 too hurry up and come
How many times did you have to watch that video of that woman falling into the fountain? It still makes me giggle.
Get him RT : Wow Nerlens Noel is moving to the Class of 2012...could be a huge development for UK 2012 class
I wanna sleep ..
Sorry! We put up warnings, small break before the Summer slam : NO! Came all the way to & saw it was closed!
wow the truth can never been hidden forever
the pregnancy drama on the yacht was a bit absurd. It was LuAnn's night. Not Ramona's !
lol I don't want to go either
that's my super speechie power! Twitter predictions!
wanna tweet a pic of ur haircut!!!!! and just btw here in chicago..... theres snow and i hat snow... :(
LmaoRT : RT Boston. Definately the better team, they will find away to put the Nuggets away.
If you believe that some day it is going to occur, some day it probably will happen.
Taylor Green's first AB is a double!
skyping with my cousin :)
AMAZING!!!! “: 95. AGUERO SCORES AND WINS THE LEAGUE!!!!”
It is amazingly quiet in town this morning... Even at 4:30 AM the town is usually not so peaceful...
THE CUTENESS OF THE NEMI TWEET THAT JUST OCCURED. SOMEBODY HOLD ME
Which one are you doing?
OH YEA duh I forgot about that little guy. Yea they got some legit pieces. Probably a high draft pick too. (Anthony Davis?)
":Gordis:I would never engage in a conversation with an anti-Zionist. #BeinartVGordis".Implies one can't defend oneself, no? Ugh.
What baseball team did #Nats fans follow before 2005?
#MikeAndMike why not trade Pau Gasol & matt barnes for Dwade? They need another big man, who can space the floor & Dwade would fit in LA
The fact that none of these hoes are the voice if reason is beyond belief.
So its time to start this work out anyone know a good kick boxing class in Tampa
LMFAO OMMMFGGGG THAT'S TOO FUNNY <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I'm blown away thank you so much for the follow it means a whole lot.
who you goin with?? I'll be stuck at work :-(
I just wanna go from slob to chop first “: soon you will have to change your name from chopped to ripped. Good job!”
Where the Red Fern Grows by Wilson Rawls: Dogs die.
such a great day with my kids mall.... amazing lunch and even better shopping!
Definitely! Are you watching at home with the gang or out and about?
Really? Breastfeeding on an airplane?
God/Universe is Greatt To Me!
Daily Sketch Writing Suggestion: the office thief is at it again but instead of sandwiches this time she stole Linda's diabetes medication.
Im not my exes dick.. so keep my name out of your mouth
#spc slight risk of severe t-storms in SE WI Tuesday PM is just that...slight. Not impressed with dewpoints in the upper 40s/low 50s.
First 3 game win streak of the year for the Bucs. 1 under .500, and can move to just 3 back in NLC if Cubs can hold off the Cards (on espn)
Lets go Heat! Pacers are going down 2-0!
Just got back home from New York City a few minutes ago. Will do my best to help you with your request by mid week. Thanks!
Bow Wow
My eyes may be closed, but my mind is not asleep.
Richie Rich is on. Game the fuck over everything else on tv tonight.
Scanner Monitor: Watch for an erratic driver at Jordan and Dry Creek.
and sunglasses..
It's not that i'm being a bitch, or hard to get. It's just that i don't beg with my love.
I'm the only social media manager (incl. LinkedIn) in an org. Posts abt events/ updates, generate convos/ interest etc
See you all there! #hewebROC, & hopefully Austin in the Fall!
I wanna go to the driving range.
lmaooo dont act like you still luhhhh me girl !!
How are you guys dressing up? RT The 2nd 88 Party @ The Social. October 29th LADIES:
haha that's usually how it goes, I feel like a weakling without music when I workout lol
I have a buddy doing that. He seems to like it.
New picture!
That was the basis of my tweet lol... Homie lied about and entire DEGREE. A lil award ain't gon hurt lol
HABESHAS.. DONT GO TO SCHOOL TOMORROW
thanks! Maybe we'll play near you soon.
wow this girl just sent me a pizza from papa johns... lmao its shaped like a heart.
(pours the coffee) So tell me, how are you doing today?
Race, age and masculinity aren't part of my "criteria" to date. I'm sorry I'm not that shallow (or racist, ageist and anti-femme).
he's just so beautiful!
Somedays I wish upon a star and wake up with the clouds so far behind.
what's up man it's jake from Cincinnati. Pleasure meeting you tonight. Keep in touch. Ill be in Chicago soon.
ive only changed the strings on my electric like 2 times so far haha. i still have the stock strings on my acoustic
Congratulations on your milestone. Da Truth.
let me know what you hear!
Regaling about last nights events... Mo and I ( Evan) wish we had a chance to throw down. Joe was the bigger man, we might not have been...
Angel hope you got some sleep last night and your talk about #MicorosftBI is great today.
HELL YEAH!! SCARIEST NIGHT EVER
Never thought I'd dream of giving head to Harriet the Spy. But.... She grew up.
Things I Want In A RELATIONSHIP EYES That Won’t CRY, LIPS That Won’t LIE, And LOVE That Won’t DIE
im about to get it delivered so when i finish ill let u know :-)
#10thingsidrelive 3. Being the youngest kid in my family..
YOU SAID you were going to edit it and make it look super fantastic. (I know I looked horrible)
Lol!!! This is too funny! teaching to play pool is makin her and beat !!!
Absolutley!! Only the best for the best!! {{{HUGS}}}
I'm gay booboo, get over it.
Brewing some yummy World Market coffee to help me get the job done. Moka Java blend with cream and a splash of almond flavored stuff!
Kennedy talking about burn pits in Iraq/Afghnistan. Vets coming back unable to run as fast as they used to
I swear, i get more done btw 5 and 7a.m. than I do ALL day....
Not surprised, as it disappeared quick here too. Thus is the life of the popular seasonal brews.
ok lets go. haha
timeline is a mess!
Ha! Yes! And to be fair, I know mostly awesome, collaborative devs... but also a few "grunjstars." ;)
green tea extract is another one that can speed up metabolisim
Brand New Pandora station gettin me through this day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Need sleep
To the world you may just be one person but to one person you may just be the world!
out here at wake tech
haha I got lucky enough to have him as my homeroom teacher and we have conversations like that everyday. He's awesome
RT I couldn't afford a vanity license plate, so I named my dog 956 XDM.
It don't take a lot to keep a real woman happy..........keeping it real
RT : #CHICAGO we need too stop hating and violence with each other at the end we all we got too much nonsense
#Manzanola is actually a real place in Colorado?! xD ahaha what?! Fail. I've lived here my whole life and I didn't know that ahaha
Here in Frisco, TX wishing I was at #HIMSS12 tweet chatting live in person. Sounds like a great show so far.
Good night. Back to the drawing board tomorrow.
Have a safe New Years #UTSA!
He really made me angry
RT : 9.3BN people will be on the planet in the year 2050. #SOSNYC. - big question on clean water and healthy food for everyone.
Chwast says "shoes are almost as expressive as faces"
Allow yourself to be the BEST part of the day!
STRAIGHT TO THE TOYS.
yeah buddy! I'm ready!!
He is done
Already wishing it was lunch time! What should I have?
Almost every single ad on today's is a giveaway!
Research day: consumer psychology.
A well-built body doesn't come by chance. Even the most genetically blessed have to work at it.
ITS MY BIRTHDAY(:
Jonas Brothers >>>>>>
www.mathwow.com-FREE planning resource! Click on your grade. The sheet that follows features DIRECT links to an activity, practice, or game
“: ! RT : Never judge a book by its cover, but always judge a Mexican restaurant by its Margaritas.” me- yum thirsty
Happy #Friday NYC!!!! Order dinner tonight! We deliver! We are on
My friends r so funny lmaoo ^_^
but u'll notice no anger, cause anger leads 2 hate, and hate leads 2 suffering #luminousbeingsarewe oh, and uh PLEASE RT
. No problem. I just really like and I think we need it in Japan!
Have you checked out our Wild Blog yet? Click here to get great workout tips, recipes, upcoming events & see what's new with Wild!...
Bring me some tomorrow;) ": A damn good day 2 Grill."
I heart stability fixes. Thanks for the CS6 upgrade confidence boost - Looking to upgrade soon!
hope it gets better. I owe you an email I know. Just got plantar fasciitis and am laid up.
I don't know but this girl needs to find something better to do than obsessed over a relationship that is not hers. Smh. -.-
Happy Halloween!! What are you going to be? Post pix!!
Actually yesterday.
that was so fun omg.
you should have told me! I would have loved to join. Heck I was in bed early.
Tights though? :o/ RT I need to invest in some Nike running tights and a fuel band.
that's funny !
Follow me & I'll follow you. No spam. srsly.
like your ear? Lol it's a fair question!!!
just remember what he did to you!
I love country music. Haha. But then again I like almost all types of music soo... Lol
that is one awesome profile pic!
it's a miracle. Booby valentine gets a w.
“: I still think we should get staff-look-a-like hand sassies. #Learn2Bmbt” < agreed!!
Great crowd at tonight's Wheeling Health Right Chef's Auction
Don't I feel stupid, thinking you could have actually been caring about me all this time. Why would you lead me on this long to ignore me?
Thanks, Linda! Caring...but a little slow apparently. ;) LOL!
Not allowed to play that song friday.
Not Morey's fault that Yao had career-ending injury. Not his fault that Stern went "basketball reasons" on us.
aww, thx. It was a great experience. My #pln has inspired me to try so many new things in my classroom, twitter being 1!
I feel you bro
Let me know, do i still got time to grow?
CONGRATS! ": Checkers win, 4-0, and reclaim the division lead!! Murphy with a 22-save shutout.”
Congratulations to the 5 Brady Comeback Award winners. Check out to see the inspiring local winners' stories.
AWH had an amazing voice! The Album, Lioness is incredible!
Digital location scouting 200 miles away is so hard
well i have more then one lol
On the road back to Chicago. Got everything to fit in the car, but we forgot to pack the really awesome beer. Curses!
Loving the map on the invitations I'm printing tonight. Hoping to get the majority of my Madison to Milwaukee move done this weekend!
the first thing I see when I just get into twitter lol
Heads up! We are CLOSED to the public tomorrow during our regular operating hours in order to prepare for the gala, which kicks off at 7pm.
on my way back to #sandiego!
I'll be Performing at Smittys Bar and Grill in Denison, Texas Friday May 4th w/ Somebodys Darling
Ppl always talk abt how some women desire to have straight or wavy air, what abt the guys who brush their hair non stop trying to get a wave
Much apologies!! Just found the podcast in itunes. The rest of 610 should get on board as well
you really can't go wrong. And it's super close to ! If you're going for brunch, the pancakes are delish!
New album is officially underway.
Feeling nostalgic? Check out our children's book display featuring Maurice Sendak "Where the Wild Things Are" & other great children's book
I feel that way sometimes. A lot of stuff happens as we sleep. Too much to do.
Thanks for the follow !
prettyv much! Jk. I currently don't have a car, augh
Our BIGGEST sale of the year has begun! It's customer appreciation month at The Blind Man. Check out our web site. TheBlindManNM.com
whistling the theme to "Jeopardy" while waiting for the ????
Hi, Greg. I'm David from Classic Nursery in Tarzana. Back in the day, I gave you a CN t-shirt for you to wear on Felicity.
Your heart is my loves home please don't kick me out
Getting ready to hit the yacht, go to an island for some sun and shell hunting...... So glad to be back home...
Courage is the price that life exacts for granting peace
Thinking the Giants will win it all.
All was good & well till that tool James Cameron called me "fuckface" for flubbing my lines. Hater! :-)
okay, um what's your favorite color?
thats a good movie and that guy is so hott
Today, I saw a 60-year-old man with a Mickey Mouse football jeresey on. Apparently, Mickey is number 40.
#OnWisconsin for the background music for Pepsi????? # WTF
Win 's NEW CD and a chance to fly to Beverly Hills to MEET her!? Yup! Listen 8, 12, 3 & 5! It starts THIS MONDAY!
This is why music, despite being expressive, is not considered spoken.
nothing like seeing the exact ideas you gave away free in an interview w/ a company (that didn't hire you) in a product update
likewise for the follow. Any new, cool startups going on?
Be patient if you're looking for love.
thanks so much girl!!! :)
I'll end up doing the same thing! And thanks!
I met you at Starbound San Antonio. Your such an inspiration and your so young. Keep danceing :)
Time to get up and rock n' roll!
Coffee is a broadly used beverage prepared from the roasted seeds broadly called "beans" of the coffee plant.
Brotha, where are ya? Happy New Year from Bermuda.
I did a one during which I could see one interviewer and found out at the end the whole dept was watching
that game is fun
no clue wats goin on right now
Let me hit you with this....The movie Lean On Me taught me how to tell a prostitute to blow me expeditiously
Glad You Came by is playing on Americas Got Talent! What! Haha
its ok... lol yes its lame! haha... hows vegas?
Awe I miss you too! How are you doing? I keep checking up on you by creeping on your tweets, haha
Sundays suck now...
We focus on time and billing functionality for solos. Online since 2005. $49.95 per year for unlimited use.
come over slut
I see you tweeting...
Ready 4 dinner w/ & family tnt, vino & delicious grub Wish u were here visiting too
Adorable pic! I like the sunglasses!
RT : let us know where we fit in. <- ok you're in town this wknd?
# wov12 kara swisher says new pixar film will be better regarding portrayal of women
Am i the only one looking at the clock lik every 2 seconds?!?
No kidding! So grateful to know our cupboards will be stocked for our families!
Google Asks for Special Leave to Appeal in Australia AdWords Case - PCWorld
I think today I will walk around and tell random gentleman...."dude...that's an awesome top you're wearing..."...
Exactly! That is what I thought... Gotta love the power of
Thank you for the #FF, have a safe weekend!
USA! USA! USA!
they're selling the shit out of the Silver Skulls prints here at
Damn they admit the crap out of me
#PROM (:(: Eating dinner right now with the group!!
Everything I like is either: illegal, Immoral, Fattening, Addictive, Expensive or Impossible.
See, I told you it would be smooth as silk. Enjoy the music and relax. He'll be all good.
The hardest part of living is taking every breath.
Good for you, Fleep!
idk like this morning i was about to throw up on my pillow XD haha
actully it was on my news feed. And YOUR tweets are stupid
i can't believe you've been off all week. I love your show and I can't do w/o the after show. Come back!
Hm what to wear in the desert...
Very nice! RT : happy 25th anniv. to stop by today's celebration- food&wine tastings, prizes & 9pm fireworks!
Thomas Jackson (BusinessWorld2) thanks for the follow.
I had a conversation about WoW today!
Sand quenton quail!
I really miss the huge billboard of the bull dog off the 15 I don't think I've ever loved an ad so much.
point is not what happens2u but what u do getting thru it when it happens2 be better than u were before,not painted 4mos need to start soon
Remember the tea kettle, though up to its neck in hot water, it continues to sing
¤ When you really trust someone you have to be okay with not understanding some things. Real Live Preacher
Happy Thanksgiving From SenSpa. We are thankful for you SenSpa supporters! Thank you for keeping us over 5 years young!
Garrigues crashes out in Morocco Top seed and former champion Anabel Medina Garrigues saw her hopes of reclaiming the Fes Grand Prix titl
It's official. I have a nerd crush on federal prosecutor Reid Schar. Can't wait for his closing argument in #Blago 2: Trial Harder.
Just got my my phone back and it dosent even charge -.-
Happy Mother's Day to all Moms!!!! You truely make the world a better place!!
anytime bud! Tony is a beast!
Thanks so much Timothy for sharing both Candice's and Mandy's blog posts! Hope you're having a great week :-)
Seeing #TheAvengers tomorrow. If it's anything like #Thor or #CaptainAmerica, then I already want my money back.
fell asleep with the lights on in all of my clothes at 10 pm for no reason...what's this sleepcycle app again?
Would love to go into greater detail, but I really like your reference to the business vs. personal aspect of FB.
#Brrrr...in #daBurgh “: The National Weather Service has issued a Frost Advisory for Allegheny County" #Pittsburgh May 5th?
you can contact me back at ...we accept ALL criticism
A pair of powerful spectacles has sometimes sufficed to cure a person in love. ~ Friedrich Nietzsche
Received my autographed copy of book by today. Looking forward to reading it. Thanks again!
Thanks for the follow!
We are talking Angel Numbers today on The Angel Hour. We are on the air now! #blogtalkradio www.blogtalkradio.com/thelovemoreproject
when bitches run for their lifes cus theres a bee and im just there. cus ima fearless bastard.
dats okeh chicka. ill speak with you another time. we can still text yo?
How is it I am losing followers? Would someboday please give me a shoutout? :)
Thank you!!!!!! RT : I affirm all of you tonight - you have given me such a lift! Thank you!!!
I know seriously thank God
Ima go to sleep early!!! Big day tomorow:) nitey nite luv u all!!!! **kiss** **kiss**
i wish taxes were a person so I could PUNCH them. hate numbers. blah.
Stop in today for a test drive, Euro Motorcars Bethesda & Euro Motorcars Germantown are open from 12:00pm-5:00pm! We are here for you!
He got escorted out by security. “: Trying to hunt down what happen to crazy #Sixers fan courtside. The #SixthMan is no longer there.”
Hey do you support city paying 750k to artist who shot a dog?
That band always come to Boise..cant seem to get into them. Verse should have stayed broken up.
uh oh... Camby down on court, with apparent ankle injury. Not good to see.
your a strange one boy.
Anxiously awaiting comments on
awesome! And we are too!
+1 RT : Great new diet plan- I've lost 4 pounds this week. It's called Norovirus diet.
World Cup starts in 2 days.
Just do that all day Giants!
what happened? :/
I almost hit two hipsters today
i love you!
Sometimes i wish i could be careless like you are and dump you like you did to me.
Now there's a second-line through the amphitheater. Classic New Orleans!
awesome see you next week
The Syrian regime has lost authority with the people to govern.
mentally dating you?
A day of doing absolutely nothing in Biology?! I never thought this day would come. Definitely going down in the history books.
We did run shortly into each other during the last #TedxRainier in November
my guilty pleasure: thinking in French. I know: so pretentious. I also dig listening to GaGa sing about her hair.
I heard your TXT read by www.DriveSafe.ly. I will get back to you soon.
2nd this! RT : Commencement speaker at today is Michael Bloomberg. I hope will have something to say.
That's it. I'm not letting Goldman manage my family's money anymore. Wait. There's a MINIMUM? #theywon'ttakeme
I've found a way to combine the two... Fuck someone as involved in twitter as I am.... Voilà, 'tweetup'.
This is why I love playoff basketball
Don't ask questions. Just get extras.
I guess this is sacrilege these days, but I didn't think the Stooges were so funny before they had ringers impersonating them.
Ale House meeting with #fitwall...have you tried this?
Faculty: What's on your to-do list this summer? Re-organize your classes? Redo your syllabus? Share your goals with us.
great news for the #49ers RT : Gates expected to miss Chargers' game Thursday vs. 49ers
Some people are attractive until they open their mouth.
Diligently marketing! SEO Rocks!
At some part of each day..Show God your Obedience!
Heading to Miller Park for our first game of the year. Go Brewers!!!
Inspired to experiment with Open Graph. Great stuff from
It has been an astonishing night in the #MLB. The Cards truely showing their resolve and igniting
ctfu ! i Know he saltyy !. smh . Nigga's act like they dont knw that they WILL be CHALKED if we find out they cool w the enemy!
Don't text me if you're not gonna carry on conversation.
2NITE @ Club Downtown! $2 Any Beer B4 11! Top Shelf- All Drinks/Shots $4 Allnite! Ladies FREE B4 11!
do ya wanna follow meh?
If I stopped fighting with myself my life would be so much simpler.
Can't get over this glorious SF weather!
swear the 80s had some great movies
Great weekend in Breckenridge. Powder on Saturday, Sunny on Sunday! EPIC.
Best Of Texas CarShow
RT : Remember things could always be worse. Atleast you aren't in the
Babysitting, don't mind spending my saturday night like this, I LOVE kids <U+2665>
last summer was fun and i won't forget it
twitter>homework
I swear this woman I call mom never learns. I don't want your damn chocolate -.-
Still haven't seen your name on the list for our #RaceForTheCure team!. Sup wit dat?
Holocaust memorials (literary and visual) call for an ethical response that moves beyond empathy and catharsis.
We've been listening to a lot of You Me At Six recently. Who's your favorite pop punk band?
Name the place and time an I'm there!
wonderful conversation with Dr Gary Neuman. He appeared on Oprah last week. Fingers crossed he will be the newest contributor on the site.
What time is that Sat show before I screw up anymore tweets? I'll go to FB too and add them both.
Treasures tonight goin b crazy b there
RT : Celebrate the success of others
Few women admit their age. Few men act theirs. ~ Anonymous
Will do #Lifer RT : : I been following so will you follow back?
Listening to co founder of Robbie Vitrano at EDA conference in Albuquerque, NM. Interesting story
mmmh not really, just hanging out with my boyfriend :)
not tomorrow. on Wednesday
That is so sweet. thanks!
Thanks for bringing Mei-Ann to speak to the women of memphis
Listen to your astrologer. If life wants to throw u goodies n you're blocking it via fear you'll stop it It's a journey to empowerment
That's right, crank that bass. Yes, enjoy it. Savor it. Savor it like I'm going to savor reporting you in the morning.
I haven't touched vicks in two years since my job with the nurses. The smell brings back memories
Kush blunts and big butts is a rescipe for a good friday night
Read Dowd's column today.
UB is now a nominee in 2 categories for Austin Fashion Week, Best Salon: Industry Choice and Best Salon: People's Choice!
Knock, Knock. Who's There. Nobody.
Lingering car problems continue. Don't think that's a bad thing given gas prices. Bike everywhere!
Really surprised & saddened you guys are selling taxidermy today. Just because you can sell it, doesn't mean you should. Unsubscribed.
Anyone know any banks with business checking that let you deposit checks with an iPhone app?
Must be watchin it inn the drive ins RT : Just starting the Hunger Games <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> and LOVE it!
<whimper> RT : On balance, I'm with you. But consider the phrase "prime minister john boehner."
you know how I do
Summers motto
Can anyone confirm that the latest #progressive "messenger" commercial was shot at the Hollywood theater? It looks just like it.
y da hell is my myspace page in spanish
Thanks for the retweets. May God bless your week with with joy and fulfillment in Christ.
Dr smooth
Dear NYC, you gave me everything I never knew I wanted. I <3 u!
I don't think it is bad. No more than drinking a beer.
I love top gear uk lol
You'll love it! It's a great 2 days! Great 3 days if you're Dopey!
Need some info mayne
RT : What it says: "Do not touch. "What I read: "Touch when nobody is looking."
That moment when I fall into the schools lake....
that IKEA banner add is so cool! I love the concept, great insight.
Lottery: A tax on people who are bad at math.
#2wordsasianpeoplefear you failed !
Got a lot of flack when I put #iona in my sweet 16 yesterday....now, where are the haters?
Ugh. rightfully kills me because I said "quarter". I spent the intermission watching #Maryland #Lehigh. Also, I'm sorry.
darn. :( I guess wolverine. ;)
Go Spurs Go!
I gotta admit, I'm a bit of a Jerk Off
Everyone knows that the way to a man's heart is thru his cock. Fuck food.
Safe Travels. Next time you travel internationally consider convenient, stress free travel between Madison and ORD. Step Ahead!
hahah we'll see! I am still in my room ahha
come over!
I think I will work hard at being very reproductive today!
My newest comedian friend. Never never change!!! Have an amazing day!!!
It used to be freezing cold at Christmas, right? Am I remembering this wrong?
I see you chat it up with each other on something serious <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Summarize your writing project into an elevator speech. The exercise will help you clarify your ideas.
How many people are waiting for #TheVow premiere? #RachelMcAdams #ChanningTatum <U+2665>
“: True Blood filmed at a private home in L.A. Wed-Fri. This week their filming at 2 homes in Hancock Park.”
You keep popn up as a suggestion to follow but you make me want to throw up & die
Woof! I didn't just recommend you both for spamming...
is the #shit..... :) i did see it though after i refreshed twice
I named my film company after the street I grew up on...'ROSEHAVEN'
In Asian Restaurant in Australia tonight and Chinese waiter says: #1& #2 are playing football today in US-right? Small world! Go Tigers!
Wait. Where's the UFO in that picture?
yes, you need to get over here. Don't make drag you in, because she will...
We luv luv RT : Some great new additions to #8035 lineup: Follow themTell them you love them
#inpdx the social review mapped by degrees will be the ultimate hack. Open graph + rating
she probably deserved it
nah, but I'll be around lol
Now this is what i call #winter!! YES for 50degree weather! Oh &&& youll never win the competition
Safe travels bro. A million thanks for all your help. Hope to hang again soon!
There is a difference between knowing the path and walking the path. Follow today, and walk that path.
Leslie Prichard's Contributor Profile - Yahoo! Contributor Network via
is talking the awesome future of automotive manufacturing tonight at Plush St. Louis w/
u welcome! Shit im good....runnin late as hell this morning
Nancy meet Ferry. Ferry meet Nancy. You'll meet in person, Barcelona, , with me or without me.
To all of my new followers, thank you for following me.
Kristen Wig looks BORING! Looks like something she's worn before.
of course you can my love!!! Yay for girls nights! :) miss you girls too much!
Tix are on sale for 2nd Annual Artisans' Fare on Nov. 18/19; Indiana's premiere food & drink artisans will be there, like !
lol i am loving that phrase.
DANCE TOMARROW OMG!!! gonna party like its 2012 :D
thanks for following!
One month without driving my car once. Meet my new friend the Compass transit card .... and screw you oil speculators.
hey apparently is giving away genomes on a stick #agbt don't miss it!
and some live in help...the whole family is going to feel it.
People are telling lies about me I don't understand. Some people at home and that in PA Im in FL how does that even work. Some R 40+ in age.
Want to learn from one of the world's most powerful women? Have speak at your
Your article in the Atlantic was fantastic! Bravo!
yes (: - your gonna come home for my party right ?[:
Michael Bloomberg dancing w Lady Gaga = priceless
surely; lots of problematizing of nerdom going on right now; happy to read your insights & criticisms -
Shee used to give me a ride to school :) does she not remember?
There are days like this when I wish would never end.
Just like her mama!
when are we gonna hangout?(:
If you're mine, you're mine. I'm not sharing you with anyone else.
He will get you... Whether you're standing, sitting, or laying... He's ganna get you, by golly.
looking forward to hearing about this... plez tweet generously.
im waiting for u,m finally there you r heylivhjje dhw nidhan miyaru
For a late breakfast I'm having eggs and turkey bacon and avocado and OJ and coffee and...oh shit sorry....thought this was facebook...
lifes a bitch *shrug*
forget shared reading. Kids really do not do that stuff anyways. YOLO YOLO YOLO YOLO
Do they reuse the barrels?
Dropped off our old van at Cars for Courage Center this AM. Next up: dead TV to recycling station, old furniture to Goodwill
If somebody calls me one more time from Restricted, I will personally come to your house and shove my fist down your throat.
we got peyton manning here in denver, you think you'd enjoy orange and blue?
and I wonder why I'm fat >(
As we grow up we realize it is less important to have lots of friends, and more important to have real ones.
What a bummer. Great running FH from Andy, tho.
Someone please confirm that the Snooki preggo rumors are false...
what is going on with this cloudy, cold weather... all i want to do is lay out...but now i have to opt to cut the grass. 10 payment $YM$
thanks, unfortunately that doesn't help when we were testing out the car for the weekend and wanted power on demand
Is the word "SCHMUCK" written across my forehead?!?!
The phone/computer works both ways! why I always gotta be the dominate one and text/tweet u first
And Damon continues to disappoint.
Great kickoff to #RTW12 with dancing and Bobbie Robertson who's talking abt walking on the razor's edge.
ikr well hope the rest of ur day go good
I still give myself a cootie shot every morning. You can never be to safe.
AttorneyTimekeeper -he easiest way to keep your time is almost ready. Want to be 1st to try it? Follow us - send a DM - ask to be included.
That sounds fantastic!
I know people are tryna grind... hella stacks open on the 4th floor lib
Photo gear: Canon St-E2 ETTL transmitter on Amazon.com for only $150.00. Only one left in stock under Helios Digital Imaging.
Come out tonight to the Fishers Town Hall for the 5th District debate. Doors open at 6:00.
"It`s hot in here.." "Sorry, should I leave?"
Just got saluted and called "Admiral". I'll take it!
damn straight!
Shoutout to Ariel(:
haha oh no. 5 second rule?
IF YOU KNOW WHATS GOOD FOR YOU TURN ON SOME SLIGHTLY STOOPID RIGHT NOW
Life is so crazy sometimes...
Sorry , Turds & Blossoms' contribution limits aren't subject to court rulings. only gets 3 of each to award.
So borreeeedddd, need something to do!
RT "Where exactly are you now? Should I just lookup where the latest car bombings took place today?"
- people always Im my motherfucking business..like do you have a life?
Sometimes, things just work out. You feel strong again. You can exhale. Whew.
hahaha...I feel GREAT!!! Nice work on shipping them DVDs playa, keepin indie indie. (bows head in honor)
...upcoming CD release info, new merchandise, contests and more!! Stay tuned…
cool .. sollen wir in deutsch schreiben or do u prefer the english version :D ?
Thanks for following me,
S/o to #atleticoDeMadrid for winning the Europa league. I'm sure my fam in Madrid is going ham right now
except for that :)
Epic literary weekend. Opened AND made it to Last Bookstore. Now if only I could find a second to read...
have i told you lately you rock?!? well...you do.
thanks Mike ! We will miss you! Hope the FAm is well!:)
no keys push to start
Sout out to all them deaf ppl listening to me saying this!!! I see ya
We do what we have to,simple as that! #StrongInMotherhood Have a great Monday new Mommy :-)
that has to be such a relief! Enjoy the quality time!
Your gutt rarely fails you. RT Don't lose that "stomach gutt check" ever
Words are nuthin actions are everything : )
well that just sux. You making love and making the money. Can u share at least. You keep makin LOVE. I need money, I need work!
Woooosh .. all f**kin written exams are finally DONE .. ;)
lighten up.
Super sleepy today
#YourNotAPothead if you take one hit and say your done for the rest of the night, lame ass niggas.
“: Got to be my fav Jkap release yet. I laughed, I cried, I jacked it.” haha. Hell yes! Please help share it
Getting drunk.Wanna suck is?
oh please DO NOT get wasted,lol.
You make me smile, always! Thank you! :D <U+2764>
I know you wanna follow me. ;) x7
How do I change a twitter account email and password with only the username information?
Those friends that can make you smile no matter what. (:
THANK YOU. people have been messing this up all day, and it's bugging me way more than it should be.
I think just the opposite is true-Christ is immensely relevant to every person in today. That relevance is just counter-cultural!
Fact: minority patients are more likely to choose a clinician of their own race
yes, sounds lovely! i shall text you in the morning as soon as i talk to my mother
Totally nerding out on blog analytics this morning... would be proud :-)
I know your bad, but I want you bad
So I Guess Im An Asshole Now ? .. Aighht Then .
they got sling blade on too so it's a party
"Remember this day. 551-day-old #Instagram is worth $1 billion. 116-year-old New York Times Co. $967 million." --Tonya Hall
Congrats and for winning 'Love in the Wild'. I actually really enjoyed the show! The best to both of you :)
Lol. Don't you all hate eachother?
I love your werk video::) ive been watching it non stop all day!!! i wish that you'd follow me someday
#NowPlaying Dwele Cheating on my girl(with my girl)
SPACESHIPS AND COFFEE <U+2755><U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
Your Life as an Independent [Whatever] wkshp, next starting 4 June... ;^)
Constantine made it illegal to pass gas... and Ben Franklin thought of Beano in the 1700s
Salsa on my balls boys. Salsa on my balls boys. Weed brownies. Skrillex in funny
Great programs scheduled for March and May ! Exclusively for moms! Join and unlock your mom badge to qualify!
“Santa’s Littlest Elf has Autism,” by Amy Ames and James Martinez will be going out to over 2,600 radio stations around the world.
NO! I mean, good for you! I have to do a write-up for Seattle Weekly Thurs. Was hoping u were behind bar. :(
i had 2 donuts, i believe that classifies me as a full blown
Shared FB facilities are a relic of the past. A disaster for one team or the other
This kid at school says Demi's music sucks and I always wanna punch him in his face he better STOP!!!!
Yep I have a boyfrend!!! Talk ya shit. :) me no care lol.
Playing Downtown Disney ....flying solo....
I will have to ask her about the legal implications of employers asking for social media account passwords.
thank you
i meant like do you have to mention it in the table of contents
how did you know I call my penis "thunder"?
are u still on omegle?? :) x
I work in a park. Taking walks is always nice when MKE weather cooperates.
What's everyone up to this weekend? I'll be getting my dance muscles worked up again w/ some jerkin vids on ! Any takers?
thanks for the love homies ima always ride wit ya!!
its already May 18th in ur world huh...yeah Happy Somaliland Independent Day
and go to deaf coffe chat with me!
I will be OK baby. I love you baby.
listen lady.....
"they be sweating me like NBA player balls" <3 <3 <3
Now we have rock star from Maryland sharing personal bike commute story. #NBS12 "I needed transpo to get to work".
GIRL GIVE THEN FOLLOWERS WHAT THEY WANT LOL RT": Then You Just Gon Be Waiting Lol RT : I'm waiting on a pic lol"
On my way to judge photo contest!
good luck john morrison
I thought so too. I think I may try it with white or a soft tan. I'll post a pic - let me know!
#opengov is a big umbrella. I'd like to decouple transparency concerns from civic education/legislative uniformity concerns.
Note to Tilden Park visitors: "Pick up after your dog" doesn't mean "wrap shit in a plastic bag and leave it in the middle of the trail."
Donna Summer was another one who musically impacted my life. I love this lady's art. She was THE DISCO DIVA!
Free promotion site on my profile. Try it out if you need more follows, Follow4follow? i am interested :)
yea hopefully u do they literally didn't want to stop talkin to me and my friend
I'm busy busy busy today
So thrilled to be a part of it again!
im not quantifying it. i'm enjoying baseball.
I was talking About work
yea so how u been
Cleaning out my list tonight. Some of you will know to whom I speak of when you get an unfolded. Thanks for being rude!
Think I'm going to cook some burgers when I get home. Or just put a pizza in the oven.
I want you here love
Thanks, Allan!
I forget how to turn my phone back to normal colors! Uh oh
Anyone else notice that Brandon Weeden looks like Tintin?
hahah love it!
She got me saying
We must live so that the social network did not have enough time.
We are officially CLOSED for the summer! Have a wonderful summer and congratulations to the awesome class of 2012!
What did you think of the movie? I read the book, and thought it was great!
Pondering the origin and utility of phrases "Crying uncle" and "Weathering the storm." Irene put one on us but we made it through.
Bot 7: King 2, Churchill 2. Gm 2. Churchill leaves leadoff single on base. B. Niederhofer just misses the chalk on a potential 2B.
What would happen to land, street, situational, performance arts without film or photography?
“ Not same taste in music #dealbreaker lol”
#Oomf just reminded me what I was suppose to be doing today lol
Everything is about holograms lately... So over it. Ciao.
Looking for a few new online personal training clients! Less then $20 a week!
- I taped your show on my vcr and am watching it now on vhs tape. Its hilarious.
Great night ! Thank you #planetshakers for leading us in worship.
Let me know if you are interested in playing in a Wayland alumni soccer game. Don Armour is organizing it; I'll pass messages along.
Moving sounds great
Wich city in canada ? :)
it's kind of pedestrian. The S&M spices it up, I guess, but most romances are better.
Now I should go on #oomf because I told him there would be repercussions but it is pretty late #mybad homie lol
... Aside from hockey, tackle football is accociated with more concussions than any other sport.
I'm with Jessie J, I just want to make the world dance. :)
NYCity Love: Fashion photo shoot in the rain in the middle of 5th avenue
Forgetting the chapstick when your lips are pretty badly chapped is some kind of Alanis Morissette BS
Dear AS, i love you so much.
Its is so nice on the Rooftop Happy Hour is on!!
One week... One place... One Club!! The number #1 teen event in PA -- Revive at Club 212!! Wednesday April 4th!!
Have you bought anyone music lately?
I wish I had a friend that loved as much as I do so when he comes to Oklahoma they could go with me <3
Did you catch my name in the lyrics of Sim Sala Bim?
The types of law are criminal law, civil law, administrative law, case law, and procedural law.
yeah, took 5th at masters
hahahahhahahahhahahahhahahahahahhahaha I wish I was dating someone or I had someone to hang out with tonight
She has our vote ": Love those Vancouver Film Critics for awarding Elizabeth Olsen BEST ACTRESS for Martha Marcy May Marlene!"
At Kroger. Then off to the pool. And then having a bonfire.
Good Luck to all the #SECsoftball Schools Tonight during the #NCAA Selection Show on
Really nice story from Myra Sanchick tonight--updates the life of child brought to U.S. from Romanian orphange 17 years ago. Fox6 10pm.
Its all about the intent to will your dreams www.seventysixes.com
is giving us the best early Christmas present ever! :D
Installed the Songkick app in Spotify. Looks like I'll be going to a few concerts this year…
The libraries and Ms are only open for a few more weeks! Come and visit while you can :)
"We could get into trouble. That's how you know it's an adventure." Lines from Hugo or John Edwards first seducing his mistress?
gorgeous day w/ pals in #PGH and will be here for the concert tomorrow eve
im not sleeping yet, but im about to finish studying!!
Cryptic Wisdom's "Tear the walls Down" video drops 2morrow on my you tube channel "NueWaveAZ" and crypticwisdom.com check it out!!
Man I am in love with
Congrats to one of my several returning juniors on making 3rd team all-state. Marquis White. Has a chance next level.
Will there be snow? Ready to hunker down and get some writing done.
Kick drum solo!
At mall of America riding rides
- we had dover sole, char, grilled octopus, a greek red wine & ended w/homemade ice cream & choc lava cake!!
Fwak you mean?
#schoolmemories playing super monkey bloons in farris class everyday .
If you need me, I'll be attempting to hang myself from the top floor of Theater 1 in between showings of John Carter.
"The War Around Us" will make its world premiere at the Newport Beach Film Festival on April 29. Congrats to the Mohyeldin Brothers!
Brillance! Now, how can I build this into my bio on our website?
I love how empty the gym is this morning...
does Sunday evening maybe around 5 work for an meeting?
At the press conference at CitySchools main office, launching our "Men Reading in Schools", named after community advocate Michael Carte ...
and now I'm sad
If ESPN said Tebow motion was fine all you cronies would believe it...99% of u dont even know what a QB throwing motion should be
When did "You're welcome" turn into "No problem"? Is "Thank you" a problem?
#wolfblitzer Mellow Out Wolf! You've lost it!
nope I'm in the 412 again
I'm in need of some great iPad app recommendations! No games, please!
No Problem. Go to Amazon.com. thanks
yes sir. A few people on the production team fell asleep last night.
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset people trying to have text conversation during Sunday football! That will get you #KnockedOutLikeOrtiz !!!
Nice! Love it. Happy Asian-Pacific American Heritage Month! :)
really want to go to the show at Highline tonight..who want's to give me me a ticket!? lol
Using the bathroom always makes a person a little bit happier ^_^ unless it was an unpleasant trip
I'm a little bird tweeting my soul out
Many great shows coming up this month!
Great! More for the rest of us! RT: Sangria in the office bad I don't like Sangria.
Yes, she is Marie Ross, a pro clarinetist in the Netherlands.
"God helps those who help themselves".
Thanks to #DMA for giving #SKINS Writers an awesome pep talk last night
Just got home and tuned in. Is it still playing?
Just had the nicest conversation with my bf for a hour. Now off to bed. Im living the dream. Life is so wonderfully perfect! Goodnight y'all
you should join our fan group ;D
cute hats are also an option.
Fletcher's third priority: rebuilding the city by restoring library hours, fixing infrastructure:
we literally are your my dude
okay we need to come up with a plan. Not sure if LA can handle us
tracks is all wonky. did u spell my email right? u before e. just wondering
Halfway to the boyfriends house!
For the love of the green and the love of the team Put together a circle that couldn’t come in between
Just sang the worst version of Teenage Dream ever. #no shame
So excited to go #ALLIN in Green Bay with , tomorrow. Nothing to lose
I turned my phone onto “Airplane mode” and threw it up into the air. Worst Transformer Ever.
I just used the "there" when I should have used "they're" sorry guys #MyBad #Won'tHappenAgain
may be to get more better :P
with a nerf gun!
haha tell me about it, talking trash on twitter is the way to go hahaha
Lakers cant shoot 3's at all
Foot massage is a relaxing experience, relieving achy feet, all over stress reliever. Our Advanced Moisturizer is great! beautysnatural.com
Thanks for following.
Start by doing what's necessary; then do what's possible; and suddenly you are doing the impossible. St. Francis of Assisi
Tip #121: We can work on our mental strength by deliberately putting ourselves in tough spots. Think about the movie "The Bourne Identity".
any interest in the Art Walk? Thought I'd post on bulletin board re: gathering for dinner. 6:15?
is looking for some fun things to do in Chicago this weekend! Any ideas???
Let's get this "W" Bandits! #4 it's game time
Amusingly, to tweet the Chronicle article about protecting your twitter account, you had to give permission to an app.
sorry to all my followers i would follow you back but my twitter acount is mest up and wont let me follow any body...so sorry.
tonight went from bad, to good, to really bad, to really good. sometimes the drama is worth it in the end. <U+2764>
yea my guy it's time something new. You coming out tonight?
good morning alex(:
good luck in LA Shabazz!
Sayin Drake is better than Common as an MC is like sayin Jeremih is better than Marvin Gaye as a singer n that's the doubletruth
We hope that Leap Day Williams brought all our #milwaukee #dnation runners lots of kind donations to #beatcancer!
Walked into the house to a wonderful aroma, I'm guessing and the kids have been doing some Easter baking.
UPTOWN TONIGHT!!
I guarantee after the ban was passed in North Carolina some people high fived, which is so gay.
Sending good thoughts to the Universe for you!
Unless you spent your entire #NFL career on the kick off return wedge & playing wedge breaker on Kickoff don't tell me s#*t about my choices
Are you ready for this Philadelphia?? #1045BdayShow TODAY
Something bit me cause i been itching the past our
RT “: If you focus on a problem, it clarifies everything. If you can solve it for one, you can solve it for many. - "
I would have homework... I hate my teachers.
Got my laptop fixed, can start getting on more =]
I know theres like rarely Indians on twitter they are much on facebook!!
We're doing AWESOME... I don't understand why they gave the goals to Van though... we're wearing the dark blue today, right?
I think I should go see a doctor about my wrist.
DONT LEAVE ME!
Blame it on my ADD, baby.
Chillin watching movies and relaxing
The most beautiful amazing man gave us a ride to the airport early this am...this one is the real deal!! <U+2764>
- thanks ... And we're just getting started!!
let me know what they say - I've had that same problem!
Thanks for the mention!!!
Watchin "Freddy vs. Jason"
RT Look at a man as he is & he’ll become less; look at a man as he could be & he’ll become what he should be. - Les Brown
Tonight- Taboo Dead Sexy Halloween Party and Fashion Show w/ Octaine Saints, Four 50 Four and Black Girls- Doors
feelin like a lion in a cage full of zebra, cuz all yall two face plus im hungry....”on my simba shit”
Maybe Bron is tired
Simple things: being happy I have friends who walk me to the light rail stop and wait for the tram with me. Thanks
this is bassicly how relationships go:i luagh at your lame jokes and u laugh at pretty much everything i do
What terms do you think you're better than me?#lookinlikeafool? #notbackinupthesmacktalk? #losing? There is no rivalry here
what you buy (jeans or Jewelry) you get THAT DAY! Linzy and Kayla (Linz sister) will be here in Anchorage so I'm doing a party!
Revolutionizing the concept of traditional wallpaper. : )
It is amazing what you can accomplish if you do not care who gets the credit. - Harry S Truman
Hey! What's the deal with being able to sell tix directly thru facebook? Possible? Not possible? Thanks!
Leadership is having courage to do right thing even when others do not agree with you. To accept responsibility for decision regardless.
Lovin life while sitting on my Huge porch drinkin my 2 cup o Joe, with the sun #birds chirping
what are you 90?
Awesome night. Deliciousness. Playoff bball and tacos.
I feel like a kid again.
The Holidays are Approaching!!! EEK! Time to start organizing your purchases! Call #BooksandPay!!
Lol Our season is almost over though.. :(
She will be a beast and get to Vegas :))))
Holy cow. Very nice. Congratulations!
And again.... Cool
u either
Man 4 drinks about 5 shots & the night started about 45 mins ago
What are you #thankful for this Thanksgiving holiday my #milwaukee friends?
Pretty awesome to land in DC. Washington Monument, Lincoln Memorial glide past cab window. They let ordinary people like me live here?
Yes, of course. Also, some academics could just pull their heads out of their asses.
how'd the heat end up last season?
Make that shouldn't have survived - a few times now - but did so because there is no free market
#kids Collin Creek Mall presents a garden of butterflies at Collin Creek Mall, Wed, May 16 10:00a: Collin Creek Mall will be aflutter...
me too. Excited!
I'm a member of the Work Release Program. I'm at work and they won't release me!
When you keep going back to someone who hurt you bad, you're not dumb, just hopeful that one day they'll change.
oh snap!!! i have a lot of followers...
Transcripts from Google Voice are like transmissions from the Oulipo about our daily lives.
Vietnam what purpose?,We were lied to, over 8 mill.American served.Iraq lied too again, Kennedy Johnson GW Bush 2 made up wars.2 dem 1rep.
Iliah!!!!!! I told you I would take him !!! And I'll fight you if you didnt feed him -___-
did you see the original The Girl with the Dragon T? I didn't like it. I really liked the US version
Celebrity math: A dance from the 60s + the substance that poisoned Jeremy Piven = Freddie Mercury.
Everyone go pick up a copy of new album on iTunes !! Go now !
Come & get me...please!
when you see family that you havent seen in forever and have nothing but laughs & old stories. >>>>
Now THIS is biking weather! I'm not saying you should ditch work to go biking, but it IS an option!
glad we helped spark an idea. Best of luck in getting it all done!
GUYS. TIME FO' BADASS BIEBER IN FOUR DAYS.
Unfortunately no, but I would DEFINITELY love argyle pants.
u need to continue to build ur legacy. Come to sf, great defense, now moss, gore, vdavis. We need qb that can take us 2 sb!
CANNOT WAIT! WATCH OUT WE'RE TAKIN OVER “: Just wrapped up welcome post for our blog. Gettin amped! ”
Follow me back please. :)
Regardless on how it goes down.. Life goes on
Music is awesome, 'nuff said
I'd rather be home.
Make that ass move that's an assquake.
thanks! have stevens, but not ; will email. interwebs #ftw :)
we can celebrate your graduation w this stuff sometime in the near future
That's a wrap! Shooting at the Milwaukee Domes, completed!!
#20peoplethatilove #12 Hayley, my beautiful suitemate and best friend, you make my life at Lee enjoyable. I'm so lucky to have you around.
I will be back on it as soon as my shoulder can support weight independently. It's hard to be this BADASS.
Dear emailers: no I don't want to meet local hotties or need penis enlargement pills or Viagra never had complaints so quit sending shit
wow !haha umm dont know what to say to that one !
You could never be ice cream. Cause you're so hot. And a person.
WOW! They are very talented, I am following them now.
i see how it is
Thank you, and also to you. Yes, he's classic. Timeless. Haunting. Soul and sincerity from the streets.
Wonderful picture. Thanks for sharing!
In a library, knocking down all the bookshelves
I really wish u were here too! (& I bet Betty does too)
finally setting up our twitter page!
Yikes. I'm sorry.
Just woke up from a dream where I could jump over buildings. Coolest dream ever.
to gain a 4th round pick.
At arlington hospital and my moms baby just got born(: have a baby brother now
Delmon Young in left field is an adventure.
Having some of the last Fresh and Easy's "Summer Peach" Ice Cream. So good.
i know all your statues are about me, so stop or i'll make you miserable :)
If you don't focus on the money but on doing a good job, the money will come.
hill you fucked up !
Softball game with was a success. Even though we froze.
Would love to wear bracelets for just 5 seconds:) STUNNING
Yay! RT Anxiously awaiting the new addition to our family!
Talking about hockey & our awards from today
he is playing football in August
i say we are your friends you'll never be alone again so comon
awesome message today
Find your ceiling. Then break through it.
thanks! glad you enjoyed Guerrilla Usability Testing! Looking forward to more design n usability chats
Someone go to chipotle with me?!
Stop whatever you're doing and take a full, deep cleansing breath. Feel better?
..follow back
Creativity struck me this morning.
I love thus position :)
How's this for a pairing out here at Mayo Invite: Winona's Leaf, Century's Fritcher, Byron's Kiefer, along with Lourdes' Pagel.
Knowledge is Power -Francis Bacon
Now that Draw Something is owned by Zynga I'm less inclined to play it... So let's get in on a game before the ink dries! User: Admprly
I just pulled some Jarvis Cocker antics while recording the new record. I need some Brandy.......
I can tell when my mom is talking to herself in her head because she moves her hands around like she's having a real conversation
Its about to be a chill night by myself
My mom's tacos are hittin!
4 sure joe. today was a good piece of work.
Was very pleased with myself for dressing up today. Just realized my shirt is on backwards. Sweet!
Boy you got that boom badoom badoom bass ;) Hey follow plz ;)
did you see the gameplay footage from Modern Warfare 3 yet?
RT Big things in store for Knoxville area UT Young Alumni in 2011-12!
...sorry I was watching vintage Sam Kineson on SNL last night...interesting person/man
Well it looks like i've got a new kitten
LMAO... is that your polite way of saying no?
Seriously? I liked War Horse, but that's crazy talk
my feet are so sunburned it's not even funny. aloe is my best buddy for the next few days.
Have 30 big blinds, grind time
Although I've been to other (non-book) trade shows, and it's v. easy to get caught up in the swag frenzy.
OMG I actually watched a goal being made live on TV. First time for everything. Go USA!
#apractalk please say it will be tweeted!
haha me and Linz have one too :P but anyways like what?
I don't get it.
No accurate thinker will judge another person by that which the other person's enemies say about him. ~ Napoleon Hill
I went to college with Will Ferrell. To this day I regret not going on his wild streaking adventures.
. Exactly. I kept thinking digital dualism, digital dualism. Had to stop yelling at radio.
Just heard on the radio, Dr. C.Murray is on suicide watch in jail. Life is crazy, one day u have it all the next day u have nothing. LIFE!!
yep. any recommendations for things to do?
Happy thanksgiving (:
where in NC are you, sis?
A whole day spent in the library and not nearly enough was accomplished
7 client meetings, 3 hotel nights, 1 good meal, 13.5 miles on treadmill, and Larrys coffee beans...time to get home and coach little league!
It's Always Sunny in Yesidelphia
We lost a unique and unusual talent in Dennis Hopper, today........I loved the guy......god rest his soul
Yes - that's so true! Even 30 minutes each morning helps & makes us feel more energized when we don't have rush!
Christian Dior Denim Flow
|#quotes You don't need to have a 100-person company to develop that idea.
Some random person took a bunch of my Facebook pictures and made them their profile pic. *Shudders creeped outedly*
that is what makes it so good
A POP bitch, that's that shit I don't like. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
oh yes. Lol
Why is it ok for some players not want to be somewhere and its ok and others its not. A business? Well that goes both ways.
”It’s impossible” said pride. “It’s risky” said experience. “It’s pointless” said reason. “Give it a try” whispered the heart - Anonymous
let's hang out next this upcoming weekend?
your music has helped us all so much! So thank you :D your so sweet(:
nope I'm not.
Next time you are in Seattle. Would love for you to try #TheRainierClub house cured charcuterie. Your pops loved it!!!
"they be hatin on my mama" okay Iviona we see you.
Low's around freezing tonight. A slight chance of rain tomorrow with temperatures only reaching the upper 40's.
I fly home tomorrow! Then back to work later in the week. Not much time for relaxing except on flight :)
tell ur sources it's whatever, and I am good for it! Trying to offer, no response: hope they ain't mad.. Let's ball at the mall!
Get it straight
What time the track meet
I think needs to shake it off. Still has a ton of superstars to talk to.
"question. Is a Snuggie supposed to be open in the back or front? Either way, I feel like Jesus and going to McDonalds with my ass out."
Wino Wed. Enjoy a 2007 Howell Mountain Cab with hints of toast and dark chocolate. Happy hour 4-7pm.
Pretty sure they could impeach every available witness with prior bad acts and/or droidhood.
Dwayne, Ant, you and I gonna be on some Spartan ish this summer. beach bodies are nice but what can you do with it...
That is so cool! Definitely not cool that the #Lorax statue was stolen, though. Hope it gets returned soon.
New Lamb of God drops today....finally the wait is over!
One of these days is none of these days. <U+3044><U+305A><U+308C><U+305D><U+306E><U+3046><U+3061><U+3068><U+3044><U+3046><U+65E5><U+306F><U+306A><U+3044><U+3002>
Every 365 yo you get a little wiser, and realize all that stupid shit you got is lame Bumpin
OMG does HAVE A PROJECTION??
those are cute. Did you get to the j crew sale
it didn't even look good from the previews on tv.
check it out! 20+ is considered well connected via social media- get your business to 20+ or match maxed out Justin Beiber at 100!
We f*cking did it! We killed it at the Kennedy Center!
H&M ad definitely on brand for them -- sexy, simple, and now with the added star power of David Beckham.
RT Kick everyone's ASS in fantasy football this year by getting your pigskin addiction draft guide! 100 pages with NO ADS!
Very nice. Enjoy!
I have a pimple right in the middle of my nose. -___- UGH!
There you go, eh? Have a great time, eh?
nope I'm out of iTunes money :P But I just watched the music video! My step sister thinks he looks like Nevel from iCarly XD
Drawing on my fine command of the English language, I said nothing
I like when people take your work and pass off as they're own.
I hate how the weekend goes by so fast
8.8 million viewers. MTV's most-watched season premiere ever. Jersey Shore will not die folks (via )
found the most fab pair of jackie o sunnies at a vintage eyewear house in LA, but couldn't handle the price tag ... $450, yikes! wish list!
Ed Hardy trucker caps are very terrible. Please advise. Kindest regards.
Hey ! Best night I've had in a while for so many reasons! ;)
#FF ; Go rape the follow button she is chill AF.
u said rt happens the most in evening est, but wcoast provides most content thats rt'd. Stat can't apply to wcoast, no?
#Metta World Rest in Peace
I haven't gotten into then yet but I hear great things about from my friend !
Off to the Partnership PAC event to help support downtown!!!
Kenta is out of ICU. Up and cracking jokes. Benefit concert scheduled at the Launchpad on October 26.
Nope, as a guy I'm all over Pinterest. Why, is this supposed to be a girl thing?
Breaking houses with Emmet, breaking beds with Edward, breaking tables with Zayn
Try to avoid Transnistria-thats where most of the border problems occur. Most trains now avoid it and many buses.
Someone just walked into my office to tell me they sent me an email. They then told me what the email was about.
Our family just got a puppy + we love him so much! He's a Boston Terrier. Do you have a family pet too?
Adams Point is blacked out.
I just received the following message from you: "I saw a real bad blog about you, you seen this? sunarm.ru", what is this?
yanno!?! You broke put? We'll have to figure out a B-side connect
<U+200E>Elite Land Tours of Palm Springs has jumped on board offering 10% off any tour. Have you purchased your rewards card yet? $19.95 in June!
your welcome darling<3
Forgiveness is not an occasional act; it is a permanent attitude. -Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr
We call that the government.
Someone enlighten me on how to go about playing a show.
you lose anyway, either way....
MT : #ILikeObamaCare because we no longer have to foot the bill for uninsured libertarians. Like that lady in FL...
No wait you said we need more polite people in this world ... my apologies for being rude :)
Webster Hall...today is the day! #lets do this
Hot days amplifies the stink factor in the library to 12.
Don't forget! The first 50 people to purchase tickets to A Reason for Romance get a complimentary swag bag, full of SWAG! Buy now :)
Thanks - yes I did RSVP to the email I got, looking forward to it!
Oh, the Bible thumpers are going to be mad at you!
Bitch? o_O how are you thick when your stomach stick out more than your booty do?
Witnessed the flames of burning property after a UK win, saw London, and drank at the beach, all in the past three weeks
All fingers for me. Mavis Beacon taught me how to type and broke my two finger habit. You might be too young to know her :)
just get your XCal on and rise to the top :)
Loved having you #herworld. Shaun and Tamera couldn't stop talking about all o fyou!
OMG,a table fell intop off toe's and am bleeding alot!!!!:(
Come see Dj Beach tonight at Chi Cha
he is incredible! I've even downloaded his songs off iTunes like a fan girl....ha!
Super saver day at Discovery world today! $5 off entrance if u wear green! Purchase item from a wonderful vendor market $10 off
Thanks to everybody who responded with thoughts on my next smartphone. Huge help! I'll let you know what I end up with.
thanks for the mention of the event on May 8th. We appreciate your co-sponsorship!
Back to that 1 man army thing again baby
gearing up for wedding season...20% off services if booked by march 15 *offer does not include the elopement package
People don't go to college for a degree, they go to embrace a career!
dang! Well can't wait to hear your news!
OMFG I JUST WATCHED THEM ALL
LOL, guy got so mad I flipped him off for cutting me off, he parked himself and wouldn't go. Fool, you're obviously the one in a hurry, IDC.
Adam Yauch out. Hell of a run.
RT and Follow future STAR twitter
"I'm going to sleep. You can do what you want." There's that old Don spirit!
Cable cost are out of control!
Hoping this doesn't get posted on FB.
Calling Rosa a swamp donkey?
• Hey that's the one pitch I can throw!!!
CBS's Xfinity Monday Live guest tonight—Broncos Tight End and Former CSU star Joel Dreessen. Come join us! Tavern Downtown 6:30-7:00 LIVE!
Roomer has it that Miley is going to do a duet with shakira, what do you think? Can we count on that? She never did a duet with Justin.
Haha. I'm sorry!
New PT-Seattle Passenger Ferry Service receives federal funding www.peninsuladailynews.com/article/20110816/news/308169997
Those are the Kobe fans u pissed off....lol :-)
sounds great!
Haha! We'll see what happens!
fuuuuu- ! Well damn , I don't even wana go with practical strangers >:(
Kenny Chesney & Zac Brown playing @ FedEx field tomorrow @ 430 pm
On Broken Wings are now on BMTH. TBS tickets go on sale at 10 AM. New show on Monday - many of you will be so, SO very happy at long last.
This twitter. Dm funny n a bad way from brianna
What is your favorite tool in the HubSpot software, and why? As a product owner, there are tools that I own
Welcome to Twitter You made it before Dom Rickles but after
: Have you two hit up ICANN, it is my understand they are in charge of domain registrars - GoDaddy's Daddy
Charged up about this new duo...learn what they have and you can prosper
RE: : Okay!!!! Time for the JK 2012 Calendar contest to begin!!!!
What is there 2do ?
Everything is Changing for Everyone.
I started to peel some off& got yelled at by John. He's no fun.
#FF to everyone out there!!
gonna hang by the pool today here in kinda cloudy N. Las Vegas. Gonna get a tan to regret!
besides noddles what can he cook lol
Ice cream truck :D
Welcome to Monday everyone. Best of luck on meeting all your goals for the week.
Life is a journey, not the destination, but the scenery along the should be and the mood at the view.
Favorite time of the year!!
nothing I mishhh u too <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
oh, we are ready for you!
yum! I'm with you,.. my breakfast is starting to get too routine and tired.
I remember fondly those days when Double Jeopardy was just a round with more money at stake and two daily doubles.
Wow. Thanks RT : #WW Some of Chicago's most popular Somms.
what's up?
I am needing to hire 5 developers in Stockholm for a newly funded startup. Backend, frontend, ux, ui, mobile
:( hopefully we'll see you tonight for Insane Sushi Night!
Want that Dunkin Donuts choc. frosted donut for breakfast?You'll have to walk for 59 min just to burn that one treat off!...
When prince makes your fight song and you wear purple and yellow i think you shouldnt even be called a football team
A new year coming soon. I loved 2011! Can't wait to see how 2012 unfolds.
I miss HIM .
The mind is not a vessel to be filled but a fire to be kindled. Plutarch
Video shoot with the lovely Sunday afternoon. DM me to talk on camera about the many virtues of !
perhaps its the amount of selections that embedding doesnt provide?multiple resolution selections on youtube = more traffic?
LOLOL. we just kiddin i swear.~
I don't know abt u but im exhausted frm all the fun we had lst nite. Had to leave the office early (:
About the only thing #purdue does not contest is free throws. EVERY pass is contested.
#replacebooktitleswithbacon World War Bacon: An Oral History of the Bacon War
I swear if I get bit by one more mosquito
Joe the Plumber reported to be "fluid" on several key issues of the campaign. Does that make him a liquid plumber?
Serious o: i would;ve kept it to my selfxD lol
The 10th Annual Belmont Humanities Symposium next Fall will have the theme 'Liberating Voices'; keynote speaker: Maya Angelou.
I ment I called you lol ! I'm about to text you now!
RT Quick Fitness Tip. Walking is a excellent way to get exercise. If you're too tied up to do any other exercise, walk.
An obstacle is just a stepping stone to success
Our annual Vendor Appreciation Dinner last night was really nice. Thanks to all who attended. Thanks to
bring him by my place!
gotta make dat money mane
haha, I know, i get worse!!! eeeeeep >.<
Portland Seattle Great Falls Lewistown on little sleep. Hoping for a few winks here & there. Hard to believe my mother is homeless age 91.
swoon. To be fair, don't think Cleave gushed, just grudgingly agreed it was occasionally tolerable.
Work inbox 0. OTHER work inbox: 0. Personal inbox: 1. Not bad for a day's work.
Come to San Diego's #best #longestrunning #deephouse night every
Marketing your business with social networking is easier than ever now-a-days with sites like Facebook, Linkedin, etc.
Holiday....finally
Passing out sandwiches to our community members. Pret a Manger donates hundreds of sandwiches every week to help the #homeless!
@ Northdown, crushing a chicory stout. Perfect after our infant CPR class. Yes, I can save you.
6am Easter Monday run = #dedication Now to start the work week...
My heart dropped a little as we left Avon
What's up Columbus Mommies? We are a new blog dedicated to Moms raising their children in Central Ohio. Please join us!
“: i need to live in bora bora. <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A>” I heard is taking applications!
Now we know what took so long!
We at Club Secrets tonight for our Official Welcome Back Party!!!!!!!!!!!!! FREE until 11PM Ladies and Couples!! info TEXT 281.860.2877
why do people take the time to say why a band sucks? it's like showing how much of a life you don't have
Hi my name is Marshall im an alcoholic, i have a disease and they don't know what to call it
wants to remind everyone that Race for the Cure is this Sunday! Visit www.komenoregon.org to find out how you can help fight cancer.
What if really did follow me?:D #FOLLOWMEAUSTIN please merry Christmas too I love you!!!:)
What's up with all the burners and outdoorsy people on ?
Put my retainers in and now my mouth hurts like fuck :c
Wtf, why are all these porn stars following me?
#BOSSPROOF Connected in the streets like them yellow & white lines!
They just killed a baby on Game of Thrones!! Wtf?
Hey, we just added a few more bands to the roster for GMF2010!!! ::: Ze Krau, Hardison, With Friends Like These, Night Train, Megasapien
you are perfect.
You there
The heights i was on lastnight..> everything was so funny to me
apparently from my research(calling every pharmacy in beantown). its the 15mg ir.. all out.
oh, no- he's just going to use it to close his budget gap instead (as per JSonline.com this AM) !
Welcome to the entire crew! PRT : Brushing up on my mad Adobe skillz! Thanks (w/ )
Thank god for high metabolism, I be so bored I just eat for the fuck of it, must suck if you're fat *shrug*
- they only mean something to the people who appreciate the history of animation. For most, they are just drawings.
you can do it!!!! Hoorahh
At the movies, seeing #starwars, brings me back to the first time it was in theaters :D
Cold outside bur
Ah, thank you San Francisco.
: Why else would you be dropping UNC too?
Happy Mothers day Chica!!
i am feeling much better!!! Figuring out flight now....
Back to the gym! We were expecting to see more people there! Where were you this morning? Take care of yourself!
Im so sorry girl! Maybe next time :)
": Apologies for spelling Dwight Yoakam's name wrong. If you can't get into " Guitars, Cadillacs..." it's on you.". Amen!
A bartender is just a pharmacist with a limited inventory.
in no cena fan but what ever happened to tradition?? Passing the torch. then the World Title Match should top this cake
It ain't wine don't sip it, make it bubble when you hit it, let it burn baby burnn.
getting a few more projects in yay! #justintime for Christmas! :)
Great food, good friends, good days
Waychin the Pacers replay since Scottys Brewhouse only put the game on 1 TV for me
Boyz in the Hood inspired me to become a filmmaker..My father took me to c it when I was young. Now I hold it dear to my heart
Doug and I headed to the Dream Game 2!
Very Interesting. I will have to play with it. But is it just cool snake-oil?
First-round tee times for Wells Fargo Championship
Got in-service!
The Grammys turned into the Toneys?
Staying awake talking in the back of the bus with spauldin and abby nussbaum #goodtimes :)
"Why would i want to check a voicemail on my cell phone? People want to talk to me, call again. If i want to talk to you, I'll answer."
Worst day ever number 97292827261938372
we need him for the finals against OKC though. Even though , with LeBron, theres always a chance Lol
we juss seen him
oh hey there. We just landed
just close your eyes hehe
the destination may not have been the place we all wanted to go, but we certainly enjoyed the ride. Thanks to you and the team.
Thinking of food when I should be thinking of code, all due to 's tweets
we love that you're getting a chance to see it! see ya tonight!
Come sing your heart out tonight at karaoke 9:00
You know what makes an early Monday morning in #DCA better? Breakfast with
Don't nobody wanna skype tonight...smh
Sometimes you just have to take the leap, and build your wings on the way down.
at least yu got some kinda sleep lol
Wish I was going to sleep with tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
so bored nothing to do D:
Watching niners giants game and having shepards pie with a glass of wine- go niners!
I agree, Red Tails is a fantastic movie. Because of the men from Tuskegee, I had the opportunity to serve with dignity.
Miss the way you kiss, miss the way you wear them heels and make it switch.
hahahaha ok I think I mightve fell on mine too jk this is me xD hey I ddnt know be nice BB ;)
The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you'll go. ~Dr. Seuss
who's thinking about Friday already? {me} it's #free coworking day this Friday here at the ranch. come on down!
No problem! Have a great weekend :)
What WTF is going in AC these weekend all the hotels are all booked!!!
I just cannot find myself saying ny is in my final 4 for the eastern conference honestly I think it'll be:
"All great masters are chiefly distinguished by the power of adding a second, a third, and perhaps a fourth step in a continuous line. Many…
Q4b OPTIMIZED and Publicized Q&A videos, CEO interviews, Testimonials - add a video to every press release!
this pic looks like a creepy-version of Wesley from "The Princess Bride". All you need is a black eye mask and a sword...
@ cora, yet again he tweeted epigrammatic sallies equable
I believe girls who is dumb for getting a boy name on themselves is dumb. You don't know in the future.ya may not be together
Andre Ethier homers in the 8th inning to give the #Dodgers the lead over the #Brewers 4-3 #Dodgers on top
If anyone is here one more night, go to Dandelion. Food was phenomenal last night! Go early. They fill up but always take walk-ins
Thank you for the follow back.
Back scatter AND a pat-down! I've never felt so loved - thanks TSA!
YOU'RE one of them! jk jk
haha you did? You need to try out for project runway soon!
Presented design comps for responsive / multi-lingual #Drupal site to client today & they loved it. Intense planning & creativity paid off!
I really want to do the boyfriend tag. ._. Step one, find boyfriend. LOL.
4 openings for junior-mid level capital markets #attorneys in #NY law firms; openings in HK and Beijing too.
Next rehearsal: rite with lynne and melissa
We are in the process of finalizing new show dates and will post ASAP so keep watching our tour page on the website. Thanks!
me too!! But I HATE talking on the phone and I warn ppl so I don't feel as bad, because I told them up front lol
Scottys is pissing me off! I want some dang food n my tum tum a dum dum. Then rage at 1201 uh huh uhhuh
I'm free until late April. Next week or next weekend?
nice that's wassup gettin them stacks right
home and really bored! :/
Nope! Just into another apartment in NY for July.
Raiders of the lost ark is so good
i missed the pregnancy project D: what is this movie about
I know that uses LESS!
I used to eat these, but i change my diet now.
We love our Twitter family.
I don't want a Prince in shining armor. I don't want a man who drives fast cars. I want a Canadian in Purple Supras <U+2665>
Damn, way to hit the spot, I've been having the worst day :(
Feeling okay with only three days left in the work week.
just redesigning portfolios - we'll give DL twitter
Guess not. They're on 3rd Thurs. in 6 months. Maybe Mobilux invents body splitting app? RT Don't they know that 3rd Thurs our night
I like that one. RT If it doesn't spread, it's dead
Remember that Selena isn't with him so he's free to go wild tonight lol. Jerry is coming out lmao
No fear. The waves are washing me out.
When you try to shoot something into the trash can and then you make it in the little hole behind it...... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
NBC gave all the used-to-be-hot-skank-meth-whores a 2nd chance at fame. nicole richie, christina aguilera, kirstie alley, etc.
Nope, I liked it too, refreshing, relaxed, had a nice flow.
just the niggas you mess with...
i'm shooting someone.... brb. you can help if you want to.
One moree day off school then off for almost 2 weeks. :D
The man who speaks in very deep Spanish during the ads on
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Habanero Sauce 4.4 / 5 Stars | 10 Reviews by carrd "A milder sweet-spicy habanero sauce, that can be made hotter
love yalls tie dyes and other stuff. will get some items next month after i chisel some of these bills down ;--)
If you want it there before Christmas, you better get it in now Mustardheads, time is a runnin' out!!!
Headed to the lake for the weekend and the first thing I packed was my #Kindle!
The Denver Broncos fire GM Brian Xanders this afternoon
Which one are you at?!
Hiking w. the fam in Cuyahoga Valley NP along the Erie Canal.
7 dead as bus crashes on way to Tokyo Disneyland
Austin thinks everyone is beautiful, not matter what! RT if you think he's the sweetest. <U+2665>
OMG IM TIRED OF WAITING TURN TO 10:00 ALREADY *shakes clock*
We're the dark fuckin oscillators
Hey, we talked about Jack White, but I wondered today if you like Jeff Buckley. One of my favorites!
i learned a lot and need to reevaluate things about my life.
My pleasure! Wishing you a purpose-filled week.
'Just like a candycane bitches'
I wish it FELT like a number!
It is also going to be real tough listening to country music tonight after watching you and Uncle Ted!
we have an upcoming show we'd like to ask u to do with us...please email
My dad needs to stop power washing right now!!! I'm going crazy!!!!
Don't forget to use the #Right2Heal tour hashtag to join the conversation.
in the shower
No I picked her! Ashley Leigh won
we welcome the "deer in the headlights" look at #blogathonatx so no worries!
RT : I Hate Nights Like This Oh Well
Congrats! That is wonderful!
good hunting during an eclipse. confused squirrels venture out thinking it's nighttime. and then POW! lunch.
This is our hood we aint worried bout them people, we post up on the curb and serve it like its legal.
How many people did he give a season ending injury to? That's the reason why... If you think that's alright u have a sick mind.
And what would one do at said bear intervention?
I keep my head held high in this low down world !
Back home from my 8 mile run!
I am so conflicted over #Occupy ...I LOVE what they are doing in the big picture. I hate seeing what the police are doing.
Haha, fantastic use of hashtags. Quite accurate.
Love it! eliminated 1st round in Vancouver!!! Don't burn down ur beautiful city again, degenerates.
Absolutely shocked and heartbroken to read of Amy Tryon's passing. US Eventing has lost one of its all-time greats far too young.
Rizzle Kicks on celebrity juice. Ahh
Same last weekend. It took me a half hour to go a couple blocks downtown...at 8 am!
NEVER combine the words "I" and "can't" together. See things through from beginning to end and give 100% effort.
I'm sleepy :)
Regina Cook is in the lead with 4 items purchased on my website. Drawing held Feb 18th at the upcoming Diamonds And Jazz Fashion Show!
And took Rafa to 5 on clay RT : just CRUSHING people in #DavisCup Fed, Simon, Tsonga- all on clay.
Sucking up your pride to apologize to others.
It made me laugh
“: "Honey check it out you got me mesmerized, with your blonde hair and your fat ass thighs" remixx lmao.” love u
Reminder: No classes today, Happy New Year! Classes resume tomorrow, Monday January 2nd.
def going to check it.
sounds good...except i would watch Family Guy, maybe a double shot of rum in coke, and 2 tylonal...then to the floor I go.
RT " Broad Ripplians! is coming to you Wed afternoon. Who needs car assistance?" Best idea ever folks!
especially xD what if she throw up when blowwing it?
Everyone loves a nice hand cream as a stocking stuff -- even guys!
Only like 3 of us had cell phones and we used e-mail addressed to keep in touch supposedly.
He did not just hang up on me.... -_-
No not off the ouch...out of my bed!..and perhaps even down the street! hahah
fuck yes. If at all possible.
Not going broke at the golf show.
Nigel Tufnel Day, obviously.
#nowplaying nas it hard to tell
RT : Final thought: design rigorous SoMe trials to test hypotheses re: outcomes that make an impact on pts
That is absolutely true! I learned that the hard way!
#Sneakpeak: bid packages start at a low $25
i'm glad u followed me first! hope u r having a great time!
okay I got that far but have they sent out the email for mays voxbox yet?
idk, i just get a major lady boner when i watch the boyfriend video.
this is too complicated.
In South Florida it's Good Evening right now ;)
freshman. you?
I'm glad the heat did not end up getting boozer
Anyone remember the name of that Bruce Springsteen song that he wrote all about being on fire?
Mini Heart Attack RT ": When you start panicking because you can't feel your phone in your pocket."
Joe's voice kind of cracked when he said "is."
sTILL iNDA lAB..dOPE aSS tRACK wITH bIG gEMINI & rASHEED!!
my COUSIN!! How is it goin' ??
good morning austin! Well more like evening in ireland! But a good day anyway!:)<3
I can probably guess. Stay strong.
Aw! So nice! TY!
we good here?
Thank you for the RT!
oh you dangerous girl ;)
so the clippers beat the Spurs once...when Tony didn't play
Training and in Delray Beach.
Corvallis man accused of terrorism plot appearing in federal court for pretrial motions. Mohamed Mohamud, clean shaven in blue jail clothing
hahahha. My bad
Ha I know.
SPECIAL VALENTINES DISC. FOR OUR TWITTER FRIENDS! STOP BY FOR A FREE GIFT! ENTER FREE VALENTINES DRAWING! CHECK US OUT,RETWEET ,LUCY C XOXO
... To stop bullying & help ALL kids be happy. It's like I'm learning what I missed out on. I wrote you a letter abt my project
what time?
Triton or Ranger.
Was the password "waytoosimple" and then you lopped off "waytoo"?
Then I'll make them listen to Hot Problems for the rest of time until they're forced to leave. Mwahahahaha!
Bouta Watch Brooklyn Finest's......
Party Hard & Be Safe! DON'T DRIVE DRUNK. From now-6am on NY Day, A will take you & your car home for FREE, member or not 800-222-4357
SRAM is the pragmatic choice, it's the best at the price, even if my shift lever did fall off
yeah. Sunday?
Wally Pfister at #fallformal?! Just saw Moneyball today and can't wait for Dark Knight Rises!!
Good morning and happy Easter. Woke up in myrtle beach. Nice weather and a beautiful day
I think Rob Deer actually played better than Weeks. Even though Deer struckout just as much, at least he was hitting the HRs too.
“: Starting off 2012 at Black Bear Tavern and watching the Jets season come to an end." is there at least Cherry Wheat?
New show added. New Merch on the way and new recordings to get underway soon....
Pink Floyd The Wall At 30: Would Pink Have A Facebook Page? - Houston Press (blog)
Entire box set of Monty python's flying circus?
oops. I feel like a sac lol <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
Im out
Coverage report after coverage report. When did I grow up?
Thanks for taking a whirl around the hotel...look forward to seeing you back for cocktails in Emerald Lounge!
I hate American Idol. That said, what just happened with that crazy guy during Dane Cook's performance?
Waiting to get into SF Superior
Aw, you're sweet to worry about me. Wanna make out?
tour dates still not released? and did u see the cover of Forbes?
Watched Michael Clayton for the millionth time. That movie is very good genre work.
People Love Me Or I Repulse Them & Of Course The Inbetweeners
I, for one, welcome our new robotic overlords.
To all followers of tell your friends, your neighbors and even your pets to start following us.We will lead you to great things
Off to sleep! Birthday party tomorrow morning for my niece, and then seeing later that day!! :D Hope to see some of you there! <3
Glad you got through security.. what a nightmare!! Excited about working with you and Shelina on Revolving Door!!
"His name is Mitt, he's used to catching a lot of balls...but god that guy is a tool" is too funny
#young #wild and #free <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0081>
You might have to take a page out of book and #takeasheet for some extra energy. LoL
Hahaha. Just wait til next time.
look at my last tweet...it was meant just for you!!! lol
que onda con este twitter L:
i think i found a new one
Soggy news RT : So, I forgot to bring in the newspaper this morning...
I'll be at Applepalooza tomorrow helping the gang raise funds. Come out to support this amazing non-profit.
What a wonderful day!
Come enjoy our Taco Tuesday lunch special today!!
Thankful for the win!!
Creating a briefing package for GrowFish food security and a sustainable business model. Uses filtered fish effluent as fertilizer
make my night by tweeting me?(:<3 6
Thanks for the plug, dahlink!
There's nothing to match curling up with a good book when there's a repair job to be done around the house. ~Joe Ryan
Idk why all the excitement on Wall St. over the FB IPO delay
I mean it's all good til the vikadin gets out of my system like now lol I just need to sleep it off
I can fix this. Next taxi ride if you can tweet or text me cab number and color. Thanks John @ TService 443-759-0940.
Ohioans offered "a mixture of friendly and not-so-friendly hand gestures" as Obama's motorcade went by, according to WH pool report
Had a great day, havent laughed like since Forever ago ;) ->KimBeezy<-
Vulcan employees!! See you today at your Earth Day Fair. We have some gorgeous food to sample!
"Please wash your hands after those chicken wings, boy!" - Anthony's iPhone
Pandora, you are so smart. You know just what I want to hear.
A&Ms Byrne says he didn't pass on$150m deal 4 combined network idea. But UT's Dodds didn't take this risk knowing $$ was a given!
I'm not kidding , follow me bagoolk shy .
I wanna play you in words with friends. Name is REAL24/7. Bring it. ;)
Sleepy yet?? XD
If I did THAT, I'd be you. So I'll do THIS, because I'm me.
Not with our group - we are riding a fairly easy 20 mi with Aurora Bicycle Village folks tomorrow morning at 9am. Sorry!
Ralph fiennes screaming "are u photographing me!!" as he walked through meatpacking district in NYC...yes, Ralph, I was. Next question
RT Looking forward to see how the Knicks respond against the Heat tonight.
I want to scream from the rooftops that I love you JUSTIN BIEBER(l)
True that ! RT : It takes a special love interest to interfere with a #Capricorn's work or education.
Thanks! Getting the word about you out there.
That collapse by the #Grizzlies completely changed the dynamic of this series, IMO. If the #Clippers win game 2, series over.
Seriously Remember the Titans is a boss movie
You can check out my book review of Anne Rice's new book: The Wolf Gift on my website, I also posted the review on Amazon,
I'm predicting Broncos 14 - Jets 10 tonight.
Joshua vs Jessica #Idol - Make it happen, America.
When women are depressed they either eat or go shopping. Men invade another country. ~ Elayne Boosler
#milestone that's all
I'm seeking knowledge and wisdom giving away peace and love..who wanna trade? peace & love
studio sessions and you with a live band.
Kaspersky: Apple &#39;10 years behind Microsoft in terms of security&#39;
thanks for the follow
THANK YOU for taking the steps to ensure your radio ads do not air on Rush Limbaugh's program; thank you for taking a stand!
haha i hate to say it but id take GB over Twilight anyday RT : the mental picture of my dream situation w
Marbles? No...they were under the couch...
Is it a sign that I am getting old when I don't think I have ever seen the name of this band singing the National Anthem
Who hasn't gotten a cd yet? DM us your address and we can deliver if you live in Vegas :]
Let's all make a conscious effort to be positive.That way you will attract positive people and have positive relationships. Give and receive
On the train to DC! I love and miss everyone, huge thanks for an amazing summer!
Bureaucracy seems to live in it's own world sometimes.
Just move Corporate HQ and ready to start Monday off with a bang.
Spent almost 2 hours one way on the #railrunner to Santa Fe. Pointless
I love the world!!! Rainbows kisses and hugs to EVERYONE!!!! LOLZZZZ
oh okay okay I see what's up
I bet! I wish I had ordered earlier in the morning! lol Don't worry, I'm not going anywhere. =)
Come kick off earth day weekend with us here ! Delicious food, tasty wine...what else do you need! Happy Hour 5-7pm
watching beastly! <3 the best movie i ever seen!! :)i suggest you to watch it!
yeah he left in 7th grade. He threatned to kill my friends family. He's literally fucked in the head
Welcome Arlene! Thanks for your support! :)
Take RepHealthDaily to the doctor with you - remember to ask for an #HIV, #herpes, #HPV test specifically.
hi peoples
special treatment for.terror suspects? They ought to be in chains if they say anything they should get a rifle butt to the head
wow, if looks could kill!
Can't wait to post my new video here for all of you to see. Hold tight its coming soon. promise
I've never even opened the app
CGB: Self-sufficiency thru revenue-generating programs, ie , so forth.
Ripley: "I am not going back." Ripley goes back. Hicks: "It's a bug-hunt." Ripley: "Get away from her, you bitch."
I also love bacon
my sister tells me she is hungry so i make her food!
RT : A government big enough to give you everything you want is big enough to take everything you have." - Barry Goldwater
looks delicious.
Touched a dinosaur skeleton. Life is complete
lol, feel my PAIN!
Nothing to see here people...keep movin'. How you doin' Jason?
thinking of both of you. good thoughts your way.
Hoes want attention. Women want respect
Not at all! And you're like, a freaking barbie doll! You're blonde, skinny, and everyone loves you! How could I not be?!?
#spriteslam NBA dunk contest kinda lame this year.... I sat at home on Saturday night for this? Derrick Williams
Block Copolymer Helps Lithography Get Smaller (pubs.acs) Share With Friends: | | Science - Nanotechnology Stories , RSS Feeds and Widget
Go for it
so good! As always
Why must the routine act of boarding a plane resemble the American withdrawal from Saigon?
Thanks for following us Holly! We are from DM! Love the magazine!!!
hahahaha remind me to bring in money for reeses tomorrow! And a lot of food!
oh is like that?
i often find myself organizing the dirty dishes before washing them.
Thanks a lot, Cole Hamels. It's lame to intentionally hit a player, but now you're messing with my #fantasy lineup.
I typically go to their websites for my docs, not receive them via email
I'm teaching a series of vernacular paleography seminars next quarter -- so excited!
Re: tagging a bill with no cost for Approps, sponsored AB 1172 (Mendoza) is a good example. It was referred to Sen Approps?
On my take over the world mode.
RT "Whether the glass is half full or half empty is infinitely less relevant than what's in the glass." What's is your glass?
ah, she was following me and suddenly she stopped.
On this shower flow
yea everybody down to their last few tickets.
Hey I just got my Hunger Games book back, you're welcome to borrow it if you haven't read it yet! :)
Not involving Brett Favre...RT Strangest 30 seconds in NFL history?
Good looking people when their significant other doesn't meet up to their 'hotness'.
If I had more time, I totally would! :) I love this stuff; the problem is finding the time to do it.
just for you
Wait until you guys see Shawn's new custom drum kit from Seven Drumworks. Holy crap!
my mom bought Garret's popcorn, yuummmmmm!
Need sounds for your #app or #game ? #appdev #gamedev #sounddesign I want to work with you!
Why you eyein my lemon drink <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
Google Plus usage must be going off the charts today...easiest way to access #gchat without #gmail up.
tramontane = being or situated beyond the mountains; foreign; barbarous
So you are a starting a restaurant. Want innovation?
hey... long time no see.... where you at now?
thank you! glad you're enjoying it! :)
Just saw oral arguments at the Supreme Court. Final casualty count: 2 lawyers down, 1 wounded. The justices take no prisoners.
Good Morning!!! Get up and be productive today!
and what a lovely day it was! <3
Usual? I'm not tracking.
Happy Valentine's Day. We love our fans!
24-4 in radar! I can't believe my record and I haven't played radar in months
you mad some amazing clear-outs, like the one near the end. But when we got tense, only got stronger.
that's your funny car? you're not shittin me are you?
<----- Duck-lipped in my pictures. New avi got glitter. Hit me up on facebook, and follow me on twitter...
Not so sure there are any miracle arms in Toledo that can be the solution to the problems in the pen...
hah.. that shit would be comedy.
I should never have superpowers. I'd be conquering shit left and right
Heck yes! It should be pretty funny! I hope
vinny loved tonight's episode... IT'S COS YOU SAW MIKEY, ISN'T IT.
"sorry" used to mean you wouldn't do it again. Today it just means "I messe up but I'll try not to get caught next time".
thanks. Glad you enjoyed the show and thanks for supporting Amy.
Just purged about 800 contacts from my Gmail. Down to couple dozens! I had no clue who most of them were anyway. Quite a liberating feeling
Omg loved the video!!(:
correct. It's a long story and we have not signed yet but we are close!
SOPA needs to be stopped
All you see, I owe to spaghetti. - Sophia Loren
girlfriend what's going on...
Going to buy gordo's birthday cake<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Sounds good!
Ya know. Gays either love me or they want to be me. Cute 3 hour nap I had. Off to a fashion meeting cute cute cute. Who's blanked out!!
Saw her play once. She was incredible and original!
Happy Bithday! :D
ex. You need to rethink what navigation is important to mobile users, not just slap regular site navigation onto mobile platform.
Busy, but good! How about you? Long time no talk...
Your on my nerves
awe man. You can have it! I should be surfing more and checking in less! :)
I should have gone and pretended to be you, carrying a copy of Das Kapital and wearing an ACLU card on a lanyard.
#NP: The soundtrack to my success, ”Pledge Allegiance to the Grind2” #KillerMike dirty south classic
Sharks really aren't so bad. I mean if some dude came into my home wearing a speedo, I would try to kill him too.
Seriously. SO MANY SHOWS OPENING IN MAY!!! It's a good problem to have, I suppose.
Aw shylow put my last tweet <3
i'm always creepin ;p haha
Spent some of the day tracking (tracking human scent) with my dogs. Basset Hounds love tracking, but not all can do it. They're smart.
So many daughters! The {blank's} Daughter - variation #5,327 - www.blog.playaway.com
Happy holidays, everyone!
Us, Today is playing tonight! We're opening for Seashell Radio (Tucson), so come early!
romo has been to conference championship how many times? Flacco's been to playoffs every year. Romo sucks.
srsly though, you making maps?
I just remembered that I was gonna get you to sign my yearbook the other day, but you disappeared, lol.
Slide is the most addicting app ever, I swear
I shall make sure you can room in the guest suite. It will have room for you, a private servant, and your piggy.
Fantastic! Congratulations!!
#WhyILoveMuseums "Success is waking up in the morning so excited about what you have to do that you literally FLY out of the door."
Yes i am filipino and i am a HUGE fan of Austin Mahone(: <3
I only just now, finally, added the twitter app.
RT : Honored to represent the hard work of staff and corps with today in Milwaukee.
Steelers and ravens this is going to be epic
uh... i do'nt think anything smothered in cheese curds could be considered vegan... we'll figure something out.
We're so proud of our Three Sisters cast and this show. The work they do night after night is truly inspiring. Come see for yourself...
lol, but i work at wendys n i dont know if my schedule that flexible
u need to be out on the town
I'm good , jus in Vegas working :o
I was it damn
i like that new pic, doing some hard-core reporting right there :)
Be sure to check out for a chance to win a Svelte & Baby Boot Camp special giveaway!
I am Demetri, owner of Gregorakis Interactive.. Web/Graphic Design Firm
Take Charge Indy is my horse!
Wow! Congrats man! thats awesome. I have one myself so I know how it is. Definitely something you cant miss! Congrats again Jake!
“If there’s one message I have for my fans, it’s that you can make your dreams real, but you have to enjoy just being." - Miley Cyrus
find yourself a great one!!
Stay classy San Diego.
had finals last week.
I work @ Nokia, in downtown Chi now.
Please let me know if you can share your knowledge of set design to my 3rd-5th grade students. :)
Star Wars party tonight?? Lol
They cured AIDS and there still isn't a 24 hour nail salon
always puts me together
She screamed" I'm trust worthy ! " so is the government & your taxes are used for finding cures ,see the pattern here ?
i love how Rachel in Friends can pull off the jean overalls
Safe to assume that the Super 8 motel is the safest place in Flagstaff
Shh! Be quiet!
Beyonce knows everything
working out at Velocity Sports NYC
And I wondered if I ever crossed your mind? For me it happens all the time -Lady Antebellum
enjoy your new home sweet home Gnight Candace
I'm happily single. - Paula Abdul
there might actually BE a "ultimate frisbee cunts" team here. it's kinda like roller derby here... some all-lady frisbee teams
Happy Halloween!
How did Desperate Housewives outlive Arrested Development?
I'm ready to go back to bed... Mom- ready to go places we have a big day! Me-z. RT if u like that!!!! :)
There are two great rules in life, the one general and the other particular. The first is that every one can in the end get what
The HRM still works just fine. It's just the calorie calc that seems off. 100 x mi is easy and pretty accurate.
Asked for evidence that political left sunk Have yet to get a response. It was a GOP hit job.
Same books on deep reserve here in Baltimore County... RULES OF CIVILITY and SISTER in particular!
if u do I do 2 lol
RT : Friends in waco please: tear down a field goal, burn couches, go streaking and shut down Scruffs. Thank you.
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow <U+E32D><U+E002><U+E001>
Touch my food, suffer the consequences.
lmfao umm okay. I'm weird, but last night was fucking fun
Why tf is this Lil ass boy txtin me . I dont have time for this
is bored and wants to do something!!!!!!!!!!!!
Life is strange.... I'm so thankful that I have God to keep things from getting cray.
; No thanks :) & I shoo' ain't bout to take that test tomorrow either! Lhh. but, i am glad that we don't have her tomorrow!
Can anyone recommend a good book on #WWI?
Too much laughter can be... Forget it! There's no such thing as too much laughter!!!
hey guys.....wanna see some of your amazing info tweeted here!!
love you too ^__^
Why be sorry- that's totally a joke I would've made
Make sure to LIKE us on Facebook #MaryOnTheSquare # Rittenhouse Square, #Market News
Greed. Corruption. Murder. <==#Seattle Author #Neil Low #Thick as Thieves
Ohh, cheerleaders and small buses do not mix well....at all !
Great meeting with our contributors today!
great writeup in congratulations man
nope off for now
so sorry about your loss, sending big blue prayers your way
I'm sick of listening to my parents fight, just stay away from eachother its simple -.-
I'm gin be puking tmr hfjfufueiru
Trying to get use to running in Vibram FiveFinger shoes. They feel very different and look ugly but they are supposed to make me super fast!
When people use the word "art" while referring to their craft or work, there's a couple things that come to mind.
I think I got too much sun.
TO ALL MY TWITTER FRIENDS thank you so much for your great birthday wishes ONE LOVE TO ALL OF YOU
... you've changed.
hustling my friend
I miss getting out and having fun. I'm such a loner now. <U+E421>
Class actions in bankruptcy? A coming idea
One hour til my last final. Goin shopping afterwards and stuffing my face. I don't even cur.
have fun with your mama!
preparing for an interview tomorrow.... :) and listening to A Thousand Years by Christina Perri.
Whew! Just emailed ten resumes! That should do the trick!
Bacteria growing on ground beef is 100% all-natural, but I still don't want it.
Happy to help out!
pretty good aside from the fact all my muscles are falling off from cardio boxing class yesterday. X_x How are you?
#thoughtsduringschool Please fall... That would make my day..
thanks I will :-)
getting off from work in 5 mins ;D
Got a headache so figured I'd watch fridays days of our lives! Between the headache and insomnia I'm wide awake! Lmao!
I like iCarumba
had a great time touring Audubon School and meeting with Principal Price
Working on the new Verge website. Check later this week for the completed product!!
23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #9: Kolsch - Classic German Golden Ale
See all of you tonight at 6:30.
Got today's comics, including Birds of Prey. I miss Oracle. And Stephanie Brown. And Cassandra Cain.
This familiar bliss came back all too quickly, and i can't help but love every moment of it.
I'm always too lazy and tired to thoroughly shower up after a day at the theatre.
Sitting with my graphic designer coming up with some Pluto dash t-shirt designs.
Thank you!!!!
finally got my ass caught up on
lol u did not take yo time wit these pics
can't wait until they index it by name, tho.
Thank you! You are too sweet!
Whaddup Just wanted to say hey
Now at crown pt elementary to watch Suzuki violin students
burned 623 calories doing 39 minutes of "Insanity"
Jets News: Hot Routes 01.18.11: Celebration motivation
Listen to a photographer describe a photo -- October is Arts & Humanities Month!
Mondays can suck it
What? :O I'm Late Doee' !
72% of graduates from private nonprofit universities had student loans.
he'll be okay lol and it's baby fat :p
I thought it was spring...
The national media is going to be brutal the next few days. Looks like I'm avoiding ESPN and catching up on all the shows on my DVR.
ME TO BUT I DONT WANT TO LAY UP I WANT TO LAY DOWN LOL....11 HOUR SHIFT...TODAY I'M WORE OUT
give it time. i have to do things in spurts.
amen sister!
i no i no u guys wouldnt say anything about me im not that type of person
Oh h I swear if #Monday had a face I would punch it.....!
The Internet's Dumbest How-To Videos: Viral Video Film School
Doing what I LOVE most!!!
haha okay well we'll just figure it out Friday! I might not be able to do something Friday though but I'll see ((:
O_O *smiles* “: At lunch today: "Never let a girl eat a jalepeno and then go down on you. It burns like hell."”
thanks for the support too!
High of 104 in Houston today (and tomorrow)...that's hot folks!
Kansas bout to do work in da finals !
I read it as paper with long GOP tradition feeling burned by a guy who spurned that. Seemed like an honest reaction/question.
OOdles and oodles of O's, ya know?...
Beyond frustrated with myself!!
Today i saw my two favorite women to love in the world.
THANK YOU FOR COMING!!
. any updates you can share regarding a certain upcoming tour?
Damn , The Movie Red Ridding Hood Is So Sad . She Had To Kill Her Father !
Countdown to the last few hours for Seattle Show Call for Entries -- have you got yours in? You still have until 6pm tonight!
New idea for (sur)reality show: Real Housewives of Osage County.
NO OMG GET WELL SOON BUDDY!!!
Talk to me, baby. Wall texts that talk like we talk. Make the conversation flow.
We HAVE had gorgeous weather lately. Looks like it might get dicey this weekend though!
Life Is To Short To Be Stuck On One Person
#HipHopQuotable RT : Don't take anything you have for granted because there's always someone looking to take what you have.
what is this all about?
hello everyone! I won't be updating this page as much so please follow my new page when you can.. thanks!
the NBA experience!
It's true. I was murdered last year because of this very thing. Wasn't wearing my #tinfoilhat Best to leave it alone.
"Santorum Takes Surprising First In New Poll" #huffpost Not for VP -- for being the looniest candidate behind Gingrich!
ha ha Hebel got fired.
this bitch
I kept hurting my belly button last night because I always sleep on my tummy and it hurts it:(
you want some balls in ur hand?
Legs: pain at the groin
should be on the next stamp.
My hair looks good today.
Presentation audio recording progress: 4/14 slides done.
Coming out your way soon. I want to get jumped into the
who is your team my chiefs got knocked out so now going for my other team steelers
The utilities section of the is officially my most fertile source of procrastination.
I would love to use some of your images of A Thousand Tales in the next issue of AFAR. Please email me at
Bring on the Christmas!
Most people would rather be certain they're miserable, than risk being happy. - Robert Anthony
AND WE NEED TO CHAT! IM BOUT TO Call u!!!
I know!! We are going to talk about the issues it raises, focusing on surveillance and technology. You can start us off.
guuuuchhh! Im just messin with ya man, I have them as national champs
Get your emotions in check I'm over it!.
It's about that time ya'll
60 bucks to watch 4 kids tonight until 10:30? hell yeah i'll take it!!
Avengers was a great movie.
lol! “: Me and my trainer gotta talk about why im scared to bend my arm in fear the biceps will rip my sleeves”
That's good, same here. I kinda wish I was in ATL rite now tho lol
I use the OneTouch UltraMini - easy to stow and carry
- never on the weekends.
I heard a rumor (True? I don't know, but it's scary) that there are1200 homeless people camping in the woods around Disney in FL
I'll say it again; the crowd at #Thunder games is borderline cult-ish There's a glass of Kool-Aid next to the shirt under every seat.
Yes. “: "Partisan fighting + neg logjam may be calculated 2 make ppl "step away" & not participate in gov. agree?" #civilitycon”
Let the finals begin
All I need in this life of LIN, is me and my girlfriend...
Drinkin you away...... "and i helped"-whore dog
I always fall for the bad ones, but i can't help it.
See for yourself at NaLee2010.com and get the ebook for a $1
Friday I've been waiting for you
Who won?
that's certainly something to remember!
Dear Downtown Milwaukee: Literally, We Have Your Food. 1.855.HUNGRY2 WeHaveYourFood.com
Oh, I was hungry and finished my dessert. *salacious grin*
Please stop being adorable
Project X was so intense.
Yasssss! Somehow I always get a discount.
the most I've ever seen you tweet! Lol
where the Hell do you work?
RT : you really are the only tea i can drink. My favorite is Meadow! It has literally saved my life. Good news!
Hey my home girl sellin pussy who buyin she ask me to put the word out and u know twitter it's gn spread dnt be shy DM me lmao
After all that and I didn't lose a single pound! D:
Did you read the crime briefs? Hysterical.
#FF Muhl are interesting, funny and pleasure to follow.
RT : WRT digital literacy, where is the line between "fluency" and "critical thinking skills?" Is there one?
It's entirely appropriate, after completing any home improvement project, to circle the room giving imaginary high-fives to your "fans."
wallpapers hd
sorry we've been slow we've been making some big changes but we'll be back full time soon!
Wish I had a brother
Lovely to tweet you as well.
much more likely! Until he peaced out on me too...
thank goodness. Turns out it was just the basketball team that was walking by.
thank you kind sir! I need you to always come out with us!
up and getting ready for !! watch the parade, then make your way to the festival. it's going to be a great day!! =)
Writing brings joy…Joy is working for yourself. And making it. And proving to naysayers that you can do it.
Too much hot dogs this past week. Gonna lay off them for a while. DX
Hey, thanks for that. :) You rock.
Oh my... That's awkward.
this is gonna be a very unproductive day at work
I'm just an ordinary girl, waiting for to notice her. #nothappening today I guess :/
However, #OU will commit to the #big12 IF the following conditions are met:
just met the future you at KCI. From Mass, same laugh and hand gestures. Are all of you the same? Creeped me out a bit haha
awe those r mad cute :) I want those
i wish i could take you up on that
Cherish your ideas and your dreams because they are the children of your soul, the plans of your ultimate accomplishments.
bands playing. Miss those summers as a kid though. Warped Tour was a lot of fun.
thanks! I'm excited and relieved. :)
The Tripoli Shrine Circus in MKE Feb 23-26! Stop by the Concierge desk for buy one get one free passes (limit 2 per person).
Thanks, Jenny! I'm working on the menu now and was just thinking about you and your veggies!
finally home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
congrats on your Emmy nod!
Thank you for the RT's!! You truly are the awesome in awesome and that's awesome
i know right? he's get like a million views :D
16 teams in the playoffs. 2 of the 3 teams I didn't want to go to the finals are going.
Do you have any extra tix to the May 12th game? I need a Votto bobblehead in my life.
Trying to update my version of #nodejs to the latest, and found that ./configure no longer works in
i picked chris johnson over adrian peterson and arian foster in my fantasy league! 1500 yds, 15 td's my prediction
I live to lay in bed on the weekend!
Ohh just saw a recipe for a salad with grilled peaches, a crabcake, candied walnuts and white cheddar cheese. Wayy to much info lol
#girlbyenotwiththem combs that has hela teeth missing
Really, Ryan Braun? Unbelievable.
Yu get it? I sent it via text
less fucking more sleeping
Today George Lucas and Mark Zuckerberg celebrate birthdays. Who would you call more successful of the two?
Hiya all!
"The Sound of Perseverance"!
you should get a shirt cause today is the last day
PS Shirts are in the works! ;D
they added Singulair and drops and want me to get allergy shots (3-5 year process) but issues with eyes still there.
The day after labor day and it officially feels like fall.. Yay :)
great guest speaker in my #trademark class today: Pamela Deese of , #Jeremy_Lin 's attorney for #intellectual_property issues
Damn niggaz mad on twitter tonight lmao
Some happier news: Sony dropped the price to the PSP Go to 200$. But that is still expensive!!! Follow me on Twitter as always!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Watch Glee to hear them sing WMYB!
Gingrich, at Marquette rally, says government is anti-religious, government dominates the church.
your welcome friends. see you soon!
I don't know what most of that jargon means, I just know it sucks.
great edu-tech meeting tonight. met a lot of wonderful people working to build innovative tech into classrooms.
Unreal!! Haha. Worst part is you picked them too!! Grrr. When is your next one? I will bring Brett. He's 23-2!!
You wanna protect marriage? Make it harder for people to divorce.
Hand dialing got you down? #magnalogix has your hosted solution! Contact us for a free demo! 866.460.6611
RT Dear girls, please start bringing your own freaking jacket. We get cold too. Sincerely, boyfriends.
Bama in field goal position again...
Nothing like Dominican food in Dominican Republic!!!!
LOVE the Lisa in Green Bay blast. I used to love hearing her call in while I was driving around IN Green Bay.
The blind man said, "I want to see!" They said, "Have courage! The Lord calls you."Mark10:49
Congrats on the new job!
abaorbeisnheksiendujs AH OMG
I checked it earlier and it was lovely! Nice work! Thanks!
hahaha my gma is being cray I had to tweet it
Lee got into a cycle of pain. His nerve endings were over stimulated. Barnes got him rip roaring drunk-snapped him out of it
sometimes I feel like a ra-yard when I type a tweet not read it and then post it...then reread and see it is almost googeldegoop lol ;)
LMAO I SWEAR BRENT IS A LEGEND
Cool. Say hi to for me. Just saw her Wednesday.
who golfs in sandals?
Offense is spacing and spacing is offense.
being busy is nice, but i really miss my best friends :( <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Wow! Diggin' what I'm watching on FUSE. Almost like a video version of 97Underground.Com!
Tweeting from the #coleg listening to 3rd reading of SB12-078 protection for at risk adults. I support this bill strongly!
Good morning! Avengers in iMax today? I think yes!
LMFAO! Why you boo-ing? You have nothing to say huh? xD
Nice workout out the way. Now I need some chipotle in my life.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
thank you for following back:]
Why didn't Noah swat those two mosquitoes?
about to head to #Drupalcamp #nashville I'm presenting on getting Agile with drupal thanks to for sponsoring
doesn't matter
Hi Rick can you give me a call if you get a chance Tammy
FROM THE LOFT TO THE CONDO
hi joe.
okay now I want to watch algorithm chores!!
thanks for the shout out!
lol but you really have to get up and do it eventually or there will be another problem.
its always darkest before the dawn
good day (: with the bestfriend <3
Great news! American Booksellers Association is partnering with to promote the annual Flaherty-Dunnan First Novel Prize.
Wishing to be friends is quick work, but friendship is a slow ripening fruit. Aristotle
a pleasure meeting you Del Oro last night. Looking fwd to seeing Katye at a future luncheon or event.
Get better! I miss you!
You're too kind :) I also think my bracket is in big trouble. Even if Ohio it might not be enough..
Can't really fight that.
me neither. Maybe knows what a Love Crime is?
You might want to join me for the Chicago comic con this year, your buddies Brandon Walsh and Dylan will be there
Not that hard
Yes indeed.
This is the 3rd time in NFL Draft history that 3 quarterbacks were selected in the first 8 picks of the 1st round.
Feels enough like summer. Time for lemonade!
so true girl
There's snakes among us I never bothered to find.
Asdrubal has to make that play if he's a big league short stop.
By when??
I am destined for trade shows, as they have followed me to my new endeavor. Though no one compares to Neil and Jordy!
Wow I can honestly say, with no doubt in my mind, that I hate my brother.
Rep Carl Hollins is proof of what's wrong with KY. He will "allow" the bill to be heard.
I'm not a big twitter type of guy. I only talk yo 3 other adults and you're one if them.
creativity and adaptability.
Ready for work to end and hit up the gym!!
"Elaine Vassal: I'd call her a tramp, were I one to judge. Ally McBeal: Yes, were you one.
thankful for what your spirit has done for me. Love u juice. Happy thanksgiving
": #FireGeorgeKarl" I think its time sadly.. like him a lot.
may i suggest a little game called superbetter? :)
crime in this city is like the stock market up and down bull and beat the shares trades are life the Dow jones is body count
Tanning outside aye
"Machines rely on shared vocabularies to identify transitions and supply input data." Duh ? you travel all the way to Lyon for that
We don't have the option to not b advocates for libraries anymore.
I freaking love lions , elephants and cheetahs! They're so beautiful <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
Late Friday lunch? Not a problem, we serve lunch until 2:30pm!
Enjoy the visit. We hope to see you again in the fall!
AH OMG im sitting waiting for it to be 10am to get my tickets!!! #TrueDirectioner <3
#eye of the tiger for Manny PAC fights!!! Awesome!
Just cant wait to get on the road again...life I love is making music with my friends
"The Lucky One" refers to those who don't see the movie, right?
Last to take stand today was Dr. Michael Neerman, county toxicologist. Said Ambien found in her blood was above normal thereputic levels.
I would extend my last RT to a culture of labeling Black/Brown folks as "crazy" when we call out someone's racism.
I love church and all my beautiful friends that attend! #HappyEaster <U+26EA> <U+2764>
If the Seattle P-I was available on the Kindle, I would subscribe to it.
but water is so delicious! well, not really, but it's refreshing!
no. Omg. Noo. Im straight.
is one of the "top 100 bands you need to know in 2012" in the new AP :D Me Gusta!
I want an AMP...but it's almost 9:00. *sigh*
Just woke uo, did i miss anything important with Heat game?
what day works best for you? I can meet before 1 or after 6
Would be awesome if Gus called some of the great games from the past too (e.g. - Keith Smart in '87 NCAA champ game)
They who are of the opinion that Money will do everything, may very well be suspected to do everything for Money
My favorite library would have to be 's , because of all the great resources for students & faculty!
I don't know why, but the trending tag #PussInBoots reminds me of my ex-husband and his stupid $500 ostrich boots
Steamed Fish with Lime and Chile Recipe from Bon Appétit
I would also like to point out that I learned to drive a tractor at age 11, & I'm still alive. I learned respect for heavy equipment early!
Based on your iTunes photo, thanks for the tip Stugotz! Our morning show podcasts are now available on iTunes.
u really went on a #dstain3 tear last night
Cherry just burned the shit out my finger ....
Los Angeles, CA- need females for swimwear shoot. No nudity. Pay is 450 dollars. (Casting Code A1)
see the way
all your ever gonna be is mean.
You know you're getting old when you get excited for new socks and a new tooth brush. Thanks dad <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Jokes tonight at for the show. 9pm. Bear hugs & high-fives to follow
Nothings ever promised tomorrow today.
how long do you guys think One Direction will last before they're no longer a trend?
#WotD > adsorption < The accumulation of gases, liquids, or solutes on the surface of a solid or liquid.
Jim's kinda fell off. They used to be #1 in the Philly cheesesteak game. Now they need to earn that title back.
Tebow will get #Tomahawked tonight!
#ATXJobs #Drupal Developers...we NEED you! DM for details
Vocational & technical education prgms should be a pathway, not an end, to continued education, says Sr. Policy Advisor for Ed.
Finally following a voice of reason! Sorry it took me so long
Ending a beautiful day of providing
Wednesday is Spaghettini with Mushrooms day at Spaghetti Benders. Tastiest mushrooms ever.
Do you believe in #SIN ?
"Star oh star you shine so bright, wont you grant me one small wish tonight? That I wont die on this destructive path of mine"
shots ganna be sick
can i take screen shots on my screen please the boys are so close and big and HQ
In english again xD im so bored!!!! haha
hahaha i never lie ;) and why you happy its Thursday :P i won't be happy untill tomorrow :P lol
I've got sand in my Sperrys and I love it.
Red Dot Sale! on selected items up to 20% off at E & J Record Shop 1242 S Cesar Chavez Dr. Starting today, while supplies last. See Leslie
Check out the first 2 seasons of My hated & debated show DontBeAfraidOfTheDark FREE@ shutipandlistenpodcast.com or FREE on itunes.
Lol RT : How bout Nick!! That's a great name lol
The cd #myloxyloto is phenominal. i recommend it to everyone.
hell yeah. come back to columbus homie and let's get all jimmy fallon, straight ballin on em
Unfricken-believable tennis
Congrats on this tremendous achievement Ma. Hope your nails are extra special today.
Follow the yellow brick road
or I'm not the problem because what we said or did makes logical sense-to us
Well I'm fina lay it down had fun on beale st
I like how posts an IE8 download with the article.
Why would you think anything else? :) RT When Brits I follow tweet about Highbury, I assume they mean the bar in Bay View.
If you're gonna text me at 9:00 o clock at night & then fall asleep at 10:00.
So glad there was no school today
great article on the mind in newsweek - thanks!
Brew City Update: Orders placed by 12/17 will arrive before the Holidays!
u rock! What's your email?
Gotta love customer service surveys. Hahahaha
I want a glass of cold, ice water *yells to my brother*
weird I didn't get an invitation.
thanks girl <333 you are too :)))
Really excited for this trade with the and the warriors. Sad to see bogut leave but great to see new faces.
nutty nutty nut ball wackadoo of the week! ;P
The true test of love is showing it and saying it. Be proud of the one you love, Sometimes we forget to do those small things that matter.
Thanks! It will be fun. Stay tuned for updates.
Trying to get to 1k followers! RT : whats everyone doing?
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 118
Raven's girlfriend is ugly as fuck
Hope everybody had a great weekend! Nothing like topping it off with some Jacobs Brock and Brews band!
no I'll be in Bloomington. Are you free Thursday at all?
that could be a show!! How to outsmart a 9 year old!
S/O to for getting a job! Time to make that money. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
Happy April fools day.
lookin' good y'all! Keep if up!
congrats on the CBA Award!!! Well earned and deserved!
Oregon parking bureau why u no let me no pay!!!?
1 Future Goal: Make A Indie Rock/Hip Hop Band!
Apparently the Dr. Seuss estate was inherited by a lot of Once-lers.
I'm headed to the park for my 5 or 6 bf picking up the kids.
won already wow. [^0^]
OMG NO WAY I'M TELLING U THIS IS BULLSHIT NO WAY I'M SORRY BUT THOSE JUDGES ARE STRAIGHT UP HATING ON DONALD!!!! BO BO BO
I forgot how bad ass the first Matrix movie is
When planning, don't worry about getting it perfect. Worry about getting started (Felicia Cummings-Smith, KY Dept of Ed)
See, academia is cat-centric, there's no hope! ;-) RT : a dog could be considered a 4 legged academic suicide note
this iz business man! u dont hav 2 like it! i jus want u 2 know that im hard @ work on something INCREDIBLE! this is my pursuit of happiness
Looking for a Web Marketing guru with in depth knowledge of SEO, SEM, and email marketing. Contact me asap to learn more!
At Traffic Hells Kitchen rooting on the #Buffs!!!
I know haha
Una frase aún mejor para Obama: 'I have ordered to halt deport of working immigrants until Congress acts upon immigr. reform'
Simple things are the best. Had a truly wonderful conversation with my godfather today who's been going through chemo for so long.
and you're a grown man which means you should learn how to act like one. cause right now, a grown man doesn't hate on teenagers.
someday I'll go back to school. Maybe you will still be teaching then. Lol
Shes so pretty <U+2665>
Then the day comes when you meet someone that just makes you want to populate the earth...be fruitful and multiply...
Let's see how long J lets me get away with watching the #oscars. An hour? Half hour?
Why is it that Las Vegas summers make you hibernate like a bear! I can't get any less than 9 hours of sleep without feeling exhausted!!
I have way to many things to sign in to and update
Major consumer teens are more like currents than one-time killer waves
Who tryna get otp
Good morning Portland! Come in for a hot fresh breakfast.
Ditto! ": LOL! Love talking with you!!! Can't wait for EPA Miami launch in June! xok"
ooh. that sounds FANCY.
got an appointment at noon, can be there at 1pm
RT : One who looks outside - dreams. Who looks inside - awakens. ~Carl Yung
Awww! Don't you look snuggly. :D
my kids love the fiction dog Bolt more than the puppy we just brought home one week ago. Fiction wins 2night.
lol right just trying to get on top
Fascinating! Was it in lobby? Or an actual gallery? Were visitors tweeting/txting to see their msgs on the wall? or just reading?
Having someone to talk to is key..
roads are clear
Believe it or not a #Blazers loss is better
get better, man!
lol right (; you ever go get your tongue pierced
'husband' bout to be goin out of town ;)
I'm always afraid he's gonna hit it away
Better enjoy it while it lasts. Lol
RT - don't expect them to beat the chargers. I bet the North Miami Beach Sundevils can beat the Dolphins and they ar...
I think when models show their boobs in magazines , they are just the biggest sluts out there.
My tummy will make a good home for this maimed chocolate bunny.
sure game starts at 9:23 so yeah wheneva
It's time for hunting !!
BluePrint Health DemoDay: entrepreneurs are just crushing it!! #Bphealth12 great job guys!
good luck & I won't hold Philly beating depleted Bulls against you.
haha! Brooklyn makes me a lil noivious! Haha I love the way they talked
Im sleepy
great seeing ya' & Amy today!
RT : I use 50% reduced fat Cabot... can b as low 60 cals per oz ": I'm looking 4 a way 2 have quality cheese
Listening to Voxtrot on the way to 's wedding. Crazy stuff.
at evolution?
once you listen to no other music can compare. <3
is hbomb there???
Thanks. It's doesn't pay a lot, much less than what I was making, but it's a paycheck. At least until the book takes off.
Austin will go to the UK! -.- #lifeisover. :(
I like Disney to
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NOBODY ELSE THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR GETS ME OVERWHELMED... i dont even have to keep going you know.
I love the "Imported from Detroit" ad campaign from Chrysler...
Okie dokie. Gonna pencil you in! :)
YES!! “: Those who do best continue to believe in themselves even when they are at their worst---- comeback round on the way!”
God sometimes i think drugs are just so friggin stupid!
Thanks! :) Can't wait to try those steak tacos.
He/she likes our relationship the way it is and I want more
RT: "Most men die at 27, we just bury them at 72." -Mark Twain What a great quote! OK, it's time to wake up and live!
The friendliest folks around are at Foster Indy Mart waiting to share some of their warmth with you! 7916 SE Foster 11-7
Oh Shitt! It looks like Mitt.
We are experts in the foil stamping process and can help you use it to the best effect. Adding a touch of class to your next document.
"The monetary cranks are right twice a century; 1933, and today. The other 98 years I am a Chicago-trained, libertarian, inflation-hawk."
Give this man a follow... - He won't disappoint.
what did u do!? Badass?
Let's go to the zoo and get one lol. I want a pet giraffe too. Our pets can be friends.
I'm back
All entered!! Thanks - can't wait to try these. Love the original nuts over choc and s'mores!
Yes. Lucky bastard.
no i was puttin a song there by wisin y yandel
Yes I called someone ab!tch tonite and that was out of line because no matter the insidious/contempt I feel there not that but u cnt take
That's Right ! I Follow Back !
Learning lines, marrying characters...
hahahah if I tell you I love you would that be weird
Yay for former PPEP student, Chris Jones who was asked to speak at North Seattle Community College for Convocation.
There is a Croc store at Faneuil Hall. How did I not know about this
I wish former Dean Durand could be here to see us graduate cc
Gr8 mix of instruments! Thanks for the follow. Best & success!
Dilemma: Skyrim or SWTOR? Can't do both ATM. Love RPGs, Bethesda and BioWare. Where do I spend my money and time?
You should def. come see it. Thank you for having us on the show!!
we'll have to get a group to go up to Cleveland in august so we can witness this first hand. Or road trip to Boston in June.
Chili cook off in Cutler Bay Park. We have a booth and need peeps to vote. This Sat Jan 8,2011
Stayed up later than a sick person should to plot down some ideas for RnR.
strawberries, bananas, and cheesecakes bites OH MY :) yum yumm
we commend & other SWOP chapters for "whore-ganizing" a crucial "Ho-test" today in regards to unsavory Google endorsements
Monday's are rough for me bro I'll do it thoigh
hahah oh thats ok ill still love you(: Ill be worse if anything .
Your day was already blown apart -- Know what I mean?? ;o)
lol im not willing to do that to my Frends tho...
RT : RT is "leading a war on traditional marriage," says , currently on his 4th marriage.
Yeah, I have a soft spot for Nas so I'm always checking for him. Song is tight. When you gracing me w your presence in NYC?
here is my direct response , we are real :)
Just witnessed flight attendant abuse on an #AA flight. Amazing! Headed to Mexico-spiritual warfare high for this nation. Pray for us!
Ok, I'm ready for this game to be over!
"Fools are free all the world over." ~ Dutch Proverb
There are only a couple good things about my job: the checks, the breaks, Sundays, and getting off work.
That would only make sense, though. And who needs a consistent user experience anyway?
So you say you that you never liked me and crap? Bro that makes you a even bigger whore xD
Your guys' tweets are so nice...makin me a little sad. Don't for our 7"/EP is coming out posthumously via
Off to my survival job. Feeling #grateful that I can still afford to pursue my dream!
Hallway hockey.
yah fer sher. How's your song writing going? We should hook you two together for some lyrical
If paper beats rock then why is it when I throw a rock at your face, the paper doesn't stop it
nerves sound fun to deal with! Thanks, I've been doing a lot better, now my challenge is finishing all this makeup work...
CAN'T wait! It will be amazing :) TGIF!
alot dallas gettn alotta tourist now lol but retweet r s/o my music on my page feat gucci mane help support
did u watch the video lol?
how would I solve that problem?! Be the doctor ???
Just went for my second run this week. Maybe after 8 years of trying I will finally enjoy it.
Sometimes I'm mean, but most of the times I'm not
Thank you everyone for coming out this weekend. New shows will be announced soon. Hang on to your bow ties!
Mind-blowing this wk. Thx to all who came, saw, and conquered. Off to Edmonton Canada for Break Forth. Snow, snow, here wego
Loves is just a game ... For rite now until u find ur soul mate
I'm here. Where r u?
All is flux, nothing stays still.
Is finding sleep quite elusive tonight. Have to be up in about an hour so it's lookin like an all nighter
Hopping on Minecraft now.
Thanks for the tweet - is excited about bringing the Fireworks to the Coliseum Complex!
I made you a teddy. I worked really hard on it.
I don't even go on the internet anymore. I just go on when my phone tells me I have stuff to look at aha.
Christina is not even wearing pants... what?
I gotta #Grind money don't just fall off trees and nobody is just gonna hand it over to me
My uncle been in the feds for 5+ years, i know he ready to come home
Happy Birthday Heath (RIP)
Beautiful Day!!
rise and grind 10 comes before eleven, but champions dont sleep past seven
Washing down vitamins with a Red Bull. Yeah, it's going to be that kind of day.
Watching a UPS ground shipment from the tracking website can be maddening; SC to TN in 24 hours? Hurry up, folks!
Rockin' my new skinny jeans.
great great great job on CapCap for the new issue of Nailed it =) You da best! Drinks soon? We say yay!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!! How are you celebrating?
RT - Damn Lloyd does kinda look like the cleveland indians mascot lol
Thanks to & for helping us raise $ yet again for ! Allison Pointe loves you guys!
": We on the eastside wit it tonight!! #Next2Naked mansion party gone be ttu!"
deff not lol we hung out last weekend lol
I think was angry when he made that beat lol
Colorado is so bi polar, yesterday was in the 80s and today its cold
Can you follow me please!!?! I love u <3
My eyes are so red
C'mon lakers Let's shut these bandwagon clipper fans up
Yep! They were so adorable. I already have two, but if I could I'd have more. ;)
I say its time for episode 5 of Hard Drive 13!
I'll check with one of my buds tomorrow. He owns a huge golf store.
Finally introducing theMisses to StarWars tonight... Original Recipe of course [May the 4th be with You]
so how was the #madmen premiere? haven't had a chance to watch yet
chillin with the bae watchin tv we up for no reason
Thnks David for the RTs. Appreciate it.
Advance Happy Birthday Anne!! Wish you a happy life!! :))
WOOT WOOT : See you at Red Star!
um... how's about Always Sunny?
Congratulations to you both! That's fabulous news!
was trippin for nothing. Lol We don't even present until next week! Shot.
Every time I go to the casino I talk about what I'd do if I won a lot of money..Always ends w/ me on the way home w/ empty pockets
S/o to .. We got new music on the way!! "YOUNG GUARD MONEY HOG MUSIC" BOUT TO TAKE CLEVELAND TO ANOTHER LEVEL!
Train filled with parade-goers. I feel a bit out of place in my running gear
RT bridgebldr Be a hero to yourself - dare to capture a dream.~Susan Larison
RT today is Friday, everyone have a good day... don't tell me what to do!
Pretty sure I'm dying.
What you say & do only for watching eyes means nothing, because it's not the truth of you & is full of lies. Be you in the dark or light.
Listening to "New Day" off Watch the Throne. Love Kanye West. Know some don't. He's such an amazing artist. Just lays it all out there.
If you clap when you laugh, I hate you.
RT : Its still #MavsNation but I think it will be OKC vs. Miami in the end
lol. Right. We are the Not-So-United-States & we never really were after that Civil War.
So, I may lose my job! Isn't that awesome-sauce!
followed back mayne thanks
its awesome thanks for asking :) how are you?
Relaxing on my day off, watching Giants v. Mets on MLBtv, trying to deal with this sore-ish throat.
MUST<U+2605>Follow and <=== Wonderful couple!!!
Ha! YES! RT : When you notice there is poor customer service wherever you go, take note of the common denominator - you.
Smiles and fucking is what a girl do! lol
Chelsea goes to 2 CL Finals with interim managers at the helm, unreal.
": Final: Oregon 108 Iowa 97." One hundred and freakin Eight! Wow
you're welcome!
That hotwing combo is sounding pretty nice right about now
Right at the epicenter! Girls are home today, and Braeden crushed his hand last night at the park, so plans changed entirely!
Got the #TiVo going and catching up on #BL12 while getting the low down on
#wordsmyfolksusetosay RT : Long as I owe ya you'll never be broke.
And all the equipment lets you log into Netflix.
I do like Bruno Mars.
less than three you
Time to start mt day with cleaning this messy ass room of mine.
it is 10:22pm and it is stil hot outside!
$425 is too much to pay for a new murder jacket. The hunt is still on. Screw you Harley store of Lexi.
i'm not sure if that was a compliment or insult.......
did not see the Starbucks coffee you mentioned. Am I missing something?
Off to a restaurant . x
Just saw the enterprise space shuttle on one of its final flights over nyc, thing was debo carson
KevinJ Is Our Everything .
Today is the first day I've turned on my computer since last Friday!
I think my roommate stole my deodorant #jsthatacompliment?
Getting ready 4 classes today ...who's up for standards based grading?
RT CBO says under Ryan plan that by 2030 the seniors would be paying 2/3 of or their on med care
My grandpa loves that and
I agree with -digital textbooks are the exciting future of learning!
Going to go see #titanic! Yes its a true story so it doesn't count as a chick flick.
Thanks! Yeah, it was a great print.
How can you tell if a man is sexually excited? He's breathing.
I miss you to
Bruce almighty
Are dogs allowed at the event??? Thanks!
o im drunk as hell <TOP OF THE LINE>
i love your instagram, lots =)
lol please. My birthday is in the summer. It's always X-ray
One #libraryschool class down, one (the easy one) to go. Here's to being this much closer to the end *raises coffee cup*
lmmfao! oh that was too much! ok forget it then
goodnight. I love you!<3333
Thanks!! Your music is awesome just "liked" your page!! I really like your style of music! =)
The dobros I talked about last week have not been going very good. [1945]
breaking: deadly shooting at a bar on Karl Rd in north Columbus
How dare you stray! Thou shalt not worship any other taprooms. ;)
Let's go #Nuggets Let's go
I think its refreshing to see tweets from a human being once in a while. Ya know, one that transcends trending stupidity and followbackbots
She's lucky she cute..
he is gonna wreck Miami. Lebron again gonna choke
Fantastic and informative session by at #LSCon - The Truth About Social Learning. Most learning is and always has been social.
ya definitely ! if you want you can have two signs too but you don't have to haha
So beautiful out! I love fall!!
Rep. Reed, supporter of FLES, says that he hopes there will be adjustments made to the budget. He thanks all who came to speak.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!
hahahahha! yeah i tried to change mine too... did it?
awww that sucks :(
After watching the first part of "In Time" w , I'm now paranoid someone will shake my hand and steal all but 5 mins of my life.
Who's got the #MarchMadness?!
Join us for our next Free Legal Seminar on Estate Planning! June 24 at 7:00 pm 8333 S. River Parkway in Tempe 480-649-2905.
Regrets are the natural property of grey hairs
The Fifth Element 'Diva Dance' song >>>>>>
Do I even gotta mention how lame af you are for following the fuckin' principle?
Agreed. No more farm subsidies.
we gonna be workin out over the summer and for the camp in not sure where it's at lol ima ask coach on Friday
ha your funny lol
is it better , funner , how is it...
no broken bones...but turns out the tendons in my finger are messed up...yayy for orthopedic doctors and physical therapy!!
It's been a minute since my last tweet, but the #stanleycup has inspired me! LET'S GO CAPS!!!!!
RT Off to Grand Rapids to kick off a run of shows. Driving disc of choice currently is Great album by a GREAT singer!
North Carolina state archives talking about their CINCH web archive ingest tool. Open source.
RT : Waterstones' employee on the news: "We'll stay open, if they steal some books they might learn something"
Thanks Danielle! I hope we are able to serve you. Take care :)
are u a rpper?
Getting my nails done wit For the iconic boyz Lol =)
haha! RT : I remember when I bought my house and the deal wasn't to my liking so i had a press conference. Yeah…this is normal
And I should point out: I am booked on an Airbus A380, the biggest plane there is! , you're killing me! Killing!
When you coming back to Moto Tyra ?
RT Pace yourself! Never let ur hearts desire become a hearts disease.
I really wish I was joking!!!
my friend jennie. you can come if you wants. and i know you'd never be allowed so idk why i'm asking
Hey fans! You should have seen me today in the gym, I was getting my sweat on and then jumped in the pool shirtless. It was a sight to see!.
solid job, extra CHEEZY
Had a great time recording with the multi talented Groovy!!!
What is your story?
Fuck you bitch my name is Branew.
excellent! wordpress is so much better than blogger. spread the WP love. *G*
did he really eat it?
My best friends will do anything they can to help me out and I'm soo incredibly thankful.
Order a copy of "The Lost Works of a Lost Soul," from www.RShamar.com this weekend and get a copy for absolutely FREE FREE FREE.
being punched in the nuts > Econ
you just described my day!
I'm off, this.. Prolly not completely but fa now... unless it's my sis, bc I love her & I miss her I must talk to Simone. :) ()
Music Video Shooting done! I played the DJ! YES!
Dont forget to move your clocks up an hour this weekend!!
this pic i just saw that put up got me lmfaooooooooo
Why did I wait so long to watch Sapphire & Steel? Now I will watch nothing else.
the project looks great! I love the Alice in Wonderland post. Could you feature on your site?
Very special show planned for tonight my friends! In keeping with the theme, tonight's set will be different than the previous 2! Come!
#ChatNight: success! Awesome open forum on #healthy relationships vs abuse. Love to see educated young ladies making smart choices!
Mari sound asleep ...mommy turn
what time and should I bring anything?
Research says the average person will fall in love 7 times before getting married.
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: I only respond to innuendos and people who proceed statements with, "HEY GIRL!"
Or accepting Jesus Christ as your personal friend and Saviour.
When there's Sunday drivers on a Tuesday.
I don't think dating is for me
can #glee just be the show? the shirtless boxing darren criss show?
Birdies!! That sounds delectable right now! RT : Yardbirds for lunch..sure why not?!
Everything comes on, on Tuesdays! Its so hard to choose what to watch
2/2 on the interview trail and debating the legitimacy of telling ppl in interviews that I am "based" in NY
Camping in Collegiate Peaks, Colorado? Try Bootleg Campground. It's a walk in campsite/no reservations needed. Take a water purifyer & enjoy
I love coffee so much that I want my own plantation.
Still reading Fallout, by Ellen Hopkins (it's been a long week). Not loving it. Need something funny next!
I hear you talking but you aint saying shit..#miss me with the bullshit
welp bout to bond with my sister and nephews for a lil bit I do love them
Good idea! Keep me posted as cataloger-coder continuum is a topic near and dear to my heart :)
I am seriously starting to hate these people.
First time watching
Fitting & appropriate tribute to Whitney Houston by Jennifer Hudson.
I hate dudes that gotta convince them self that they're that nigga every five min. For every second u waste talking you could've been workin
's video hit 1 million views. his mistletoe video has 5 million views. tell me he doesnt have talent. i dare you.
Should I give up, Or should I just keep chasin' pavements? Even if it leads nowhere
:O you've been to Long Island four times!?!?!? Next time you come, TELL ME!!! Hahaha xD and on facebook it said someone with
OK friend, what's the "plank a day" thing? I'm gonna try one. I might die, tho.
Except that higher ed is unquestionably something we do right. The "sharper" people who've donned cap and gown run the world.
Men are like steel; both are worthless when they loose their temper. ~ Unknown
I see Dan and Al will be back on FSMW this year...better stock up on subway and mic ultras cairdsfans
Oh my! Oh my! Excitement. Things are starting to happen in my life! NO MORE BUM STATUS! 1. Moving to LA, 2. Interviews! 3. EDC
I will never understand having 10 bathrooms, even if you have 6 bedrooms.
RT Shout to All the A-List/Underground artist, promoters, DJ's, Clubs, Radio, Rec labels, Magazines, Media, Etc. Keeping this music Alive
Watched Wipeout last night. Even my 3yr old was laughing his butt off!
Welcoming back to Texas!!!
Happy Mothers Day
And you're also an idiot, who is fighting a losing battle.
So mad about costumes..
Yes, you should have received them tonight in an email to the address you provided when you registered.
Sleepy as hell jus had a rude awakening
What #soccer coaches say vs. what soccer players hear: THESE ARE THINGS U SHOULD ALREADY KNOW = Great, so it's MY fault?
#FF his photography is pretty awesome
No matter what the weather is this bitch knows how to survive!! love u bitch!
I got my copy of ur new song!
in the dark. power outage on the westside of el paso.
Man sentenced in LA in turtle smuggling case - The Seattle Times
Trendy bands suck the o2 out of the atmosphere.
can u guys plz get a wide out that's durable this time damn how many DEs u guys go draft on the first round
She can't Love you like I love you, Baby you know its True.
Who all is going to see at the Jacksonville Fair Thursday night?
good morning montanamama, happy thursday to you
those don't even exist anymore?
#YoMommaSoFat when God said let there be light, he asked her to move out of the way
very much agreed.
Cool picture
VERY impressive record Wrench. I'd like to learn from your research if you care to share.
I have mind control over these hoes lol
we checking it out now.. Follow us
The Milwaukee Auto Show is in town. Tell us your favorite St. Pat's Parade memory for a chance to receive 2 free tickets!
#whyigive Want to feel good? Catch the 2011 wind-down wave and make that extra gift to your favorite charity.
Am I the only person who does not care about football tonight? Not even a little bit.
first week but I was already on the P90X to start so that helped me not kill myself completely lol.
Yeah! I haven't read smut in ages!! lol
A gift is a gift, and you shouldn't take it back. But you can take it away as a punishment for poor behavior.
Thanks Kravitz!! U back Friday @ HomeBass ?
all good bro. Hit u on BBM.
Aw enloy. I'm off to a friends house to hang out.
- welcome to twitter. I'd have thought 'minitel-lover' 'jean-pierre-minitel' or 'minitel-lab-usa' were more apropos handles.
silly, you don't expect to open the books for the city and let people actually find all the waste she can't
Go Buffs! PAC-12 champions!
How is the new gonna say its not gonna rain this week when its clearly raining outside.. I think we shld make THE HOOD NEWs..
That sucks, as does United, the airline that treats you as a number NOT a person at BEST.
I asked her a while ago for you. and I just asked her again
I am glad you enjoyed the writeup as I enjoyed the pairings.
Who Tf Steals Plates, Pillows, Silver Ware And A Blanket SMH
Not sure what to think of all of this.
Determined to change the way I use Twitter and Facebook.
that much easier for u to drive off a bridge
RT : Whoa! Quiet the speed trap in sun prairie near eastside Copps. 1 cop clocking + 4 pulling others over!
you're in #chicago! sweet! did you find any fashion inspiration at the Art Institute?
How I see dogs: Beagle, German Shepherd, Poodle, Maltese, Labradore. - How I see cats: cat, cat, cat, cat, cat.
All that Pittsburgh has? What about.....um...that guy we drafted 1st...you know....um...SHIT!
Goodnight Twitter Tweeters <3
#whendiditbecomecool: I find it suddenly, sometimes it'd be precious happiness if nothing is changing.
This is TO funny! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
seriously, i don't give a fuck.
To anyone that text's me and don't get a reply , I'm sorry. I never really have my phone in my hand or by me as much because I am busy.
I'm scared now. If its open again. They'd have to sew me AGAIN. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Last tweet was a quote from Jacob Abbott's delightful 1856 children's book, "Aunt Margaret; Or, How John True Kept His Resolutions."
We've had nine days of excessive heat warnings here in the valley! What are you guys doing to beat the heat?
come play
#celtics win in 5. #sixers aren't as talented as the team the C's just dispatched. Boston wins tonight 88-79.
goddamn this noam pikelny album is great
Is it wrong that I growl anytime I see a kid sitting in first class on a long flight??
How where Josh and Jen?!? lol
"Watch your thoughts; they become words. Watch your words; they become actions. Watch your actions; they become habits.....
I have the same reaction Marc....and you know what? I'm ok with it. Something about it irks me and I can't even tell you what.
Just because we get in a little fight doesn't mean I don't love you. I do. I love you. (:
If you have a problem with me call me. If you don't have my number, then that means you don't know me well enough to have a problem
I guess MJ and Scottie should have passed you the ball more in clutch time.
by who??? (i need you to help my fantasy)
As it turns out, we all have a different definition of what global citizenship is. What's your definition?
Hang in there. Sending good thoughts your way.
Me too! Just hope it's a night I can attend. :)
Head is pounding and I have to go to work today. Crap.
If badgers stick w/ berggren pick and roll game, they will lose
No, but I'll check it out.
haha yes! You are purely awesome ;)
Reality is hell and my dreams are my heavens
hope ya'll voted for DD tonight on DWTS!!!!
. Collins listed his time in the audience for Obama's 2010 visit to WNY as a donation.
In maryville just watched a movie now to the park
Somebody stage an intervention, I'm addicted to my job.
Miss the GANG..:) I'll be back soon... Ready to roll.
I'm going to be under the influence to the point where I already plan to have a cab. How do you think me cooking would turn out?
Hey what's up
I love my babe :)
Thanks for the follow! Enjoy 15% off a medium #MagneticPix using code TWITTER at checkout by 4/30
Love him! rt For his 1st short story collection in 6 yrs, George Saunders moves to Random House. TENTH OF DECEMBER pubs in fall 2012.
Kingdom Plantae definitely did not believe the groundhog. Growth tips are now visible on most of the trees here.
productive 2 hours! anticipating more discussion moving forward.
ok I love you too but I don't know about the part about you needing me
josh took my phone and was texting you?!
us history study guide = done (:
Watchen this Steve Harvey stand up
When I open my eyes, all I see is money.
It's easier to find a woman with some sense then it iz to find a nigga that ain't on bullshit
Yep, you know it!
I LOVE YOU ALL.
New York Giants 7 Washington Redskins 0 10:03 in 1st #giants #redskins #nfl (Via )
Kid now beatboxing in back seat.
I believe history, stats and character. BOTH Peyton and Tebow show skill there.
Watching re-runs of Deadwood on C101 (reg cable), they did not edit out any cuss words. The F-bomb & C*cks*cker was a big part of the show.
#PeopleWhoDeserveToBeHitInTheFaceWithABrick Those people who call their own mom a bitch over twitter...
You said you saw a video that you saw of me and I am quite certain you didn't see a video of me. Another Badger had this issue
RT via It cost nothing to dream.. And everything not to
Does anyone else think that if Jay-Z sang, he might sound a little like Mick Jagger?
yeah I hear you
what time is the tapping?
these late nights are murder. im awake when the rest sleep. im awake when the rest are awake. im pretty much always awake.
whats god dude? You call yesterday?
I should have known you knew that. you brain child :) Grats on being 1/2 Dr.
know what im gonna take a few shots of that dead crow there n call it a day you diva! :D
I sure hope you meant "pastries" not "pasties." Cold pasties aren't very appealing.
The Fray are playing at the Palladium tonight if you're looking for a reason to stay in.
Monster iCarPlay Wireless Plus FM Transmitter/Charger for iPod ...
Had to go with Alabama as my daughter is from L. A.
yeah, that's seriously stupid. However, institutional racism and instit. homophobia are diff things with diff (partial) solutions.
Most people are about as happy as they make up their minds to be. - Abraham Lincoln
Agree on all viewpoints.
My trouble is NOT outlinging a NEW novel when I'm supposed to finish a current one! Keep going - you'll do awesome!
I guess all these Obama supporters forgot that he signed a bill that allows the indefinite detention of Americans on NYE.. Gtfo
Dam! I got ANGER Problems! When im watchin sports!!!!
Stay strong in Ohio, JC 41! -- Members of 767 (wish we could be there.)
complain!...and stay close to the bathroom ha! But really I just find time helps, usually about 3 days.
Don't forget ! The DC All-Star TV Team
No problem. Humor + #WalkingDead = a perfect Sunday night. Thanks for your awesome, funny tweet.
yes can't wait!
“: Loving this weather!! #onlyinMN”// Agreed! feels like I never left FL!
What made me cry in sports was win the Phillies won the world series and when Dr. J retired.
is the most brutally awesome person we know!
Beware is making a movie about Toy Story at Toy World Friday! Come be in it! Anyone that dresses up like characters from Toy Story wins!
Thank you for the link! ;)
Agreed. Michelle Malkin is a horrible person and ugly inside.
I know!
The pussy was poppin like craackajaaack
LOL NO BULL“ Rihanna head butt probably something serious”
Bout to get a bus ticket, if I recieve another one of these red light tickets in the mail...geesh!
<U+AC10><U+C0AC><U+D569><U+B2C8><U+B2E4>! Thanks for spreading the word!
Dear Marketers and Advertisers, please stop putting QR Codes on cars (esp small codes).
Oh, muh bad haha...I'm sorry, I just really really really don't want that account anymore.
goodnight world
Chiefs won, my wife is the love of my life, God is sovereign and the Packers MURDERED the "DONKEYS"
Thanks to playwright Jay Russell and cast Harry Bouvy, Finnerty Steeves, and Amy Warren for a GREAT reading of Cradle & All
Just finished an AWESOME interview with for !
Trippin over you like a crack on the floor
Awesome night with the fam!
Have not attended a conf where attendees are polled on their interests before sessions are posted.
Day one of restart went without a hitch. Here is to another successful day! What is on your menu?
July fourth craziness almost over... now for the real summer fun to begin.
always a pleasure to meet with this dynamic duo!
"Hello, sexual!" "Hello, homosexual!" <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
"What is now proved was once imagined." - William Blake
We'll break for lunch and come back for more great testimony at the Detroit #defendingchildhood task force hearing!
I've been doing me so start doing you . Shit.
agreed, but nearly impossible to use - similar to pipes
Love it!
i want to hear "So Many Girls" by on
Blouse on yo life
Confession6:i dont like girls that are easy
I wonder y my life has been going this way ? Uummmmm its funny wat happend yesterday i sleep through the earth quake hahahha i was like wtf…
u do'n it like that early in the morning kinfolk...don't break 'em off too bad....
lol. no. i'm at home.
Every nigga wanna be a rapper , every chick wanna be a model ..
haha. sorry, dude.
I emailed it. Should be interesting how things turn out.
A soft #answer turns away #wrath but not mixed with #sarcasm... Lol
yea.... Lol get some beauty sleep
Finished up my last responsibly, an article for Time to double check the gear and packing then off to Oaxaca. Take care all
#Pittsburgh #Penguins at Winnipeg Jets Tonight 8:30 ET Lets Go #Pens!
past 3 days... sunday-paranormal activity 2...monday-power out by myself...tuesday-power out again...today power out at work...wtf scary.
yalls are older tho. I'll be better off than my wife. Lol. She'll be checking all the time.
Please pre order my new cd called "earths on fire". Coming out april 28th, 2012. Like this status and support me
Damn.. I wanna hit up lifetime nbs..
How to Choose a New Hair Salon Internet Marketing & SEO
Malice Intent
Suzanne, socmed and email mktg consultant from Austin. First time at #brandchat. Heard about it from Sounds great!
My whole leg workout has left me paralyzed to do anything.
When people put the date the wrong way round and they live in the UK! E.g UK: dd/mm/yy USA: mm/dd/yy
Good save by Wilson! There is a wing on the track currently.
Third Tip: Compare each dating place. Try only those places where you feel safe. Avoid the others.
Jackson's Fury vs. The Rhodes Warrior
Enjoy! RT : Finally got the package I've been waiting for! Electric Kissing Parties on vinyl! Woot! Thanks !
To add insult to injury Sweet Caroline came on right as the final buzzer sounded.
Any chance to get an award made for Pittsburgh Craft Beer week?
i only told her about him. thats all.
HB1169 passed 10-0 as amended to be a study committee for best practices in school discipline - thanks to all who made it a better bill!
tell ha girl ,AINT NUN TO IT BUT TO DO IT
Huge game tonight in Milwaukee as the #Bucks play the Knicks at the Bradley Center. Let's go Bucks!
": thier gray still but there turning light brown" aww I thought they were gonna turn green or somethin
prob last day at the beach
Did send an excellent blog post. I responded to an OD that send a Spam message,asked what was up wonder what was up.
I'm in lobby. Come down
Softball: Clackamas ups lead to 2-0 over Canby in fifth. Cougars hitless through four heading into bottom 5.
Sitting in a booth at the bookstore. Already have 2 loads in me.
Why do trips to the DMV always have to be so difficult???
you should go up to her and be all like "coach Taylor doesn't deserve you" and then show her the burn book you made of her
Haven't been here much. Hope everyone is doing good :)
I think if offered a follow for everyone that donates at least $100 would meet her goal. I'd donate
Thanks for the follow! Glad to be part of your professional development today.
Happy Teacher's Day to all the teachers!
There are many sexy ass peeps in this world but how many of them have the attitude to compliment it?
Shout out to the losers who just called me on a blocked number #buttermymuffin <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Pouring rain in Vegas! How often does this happen??
how is it different than texting?
do you owe Gilbert an apology, nm we already know you do, letters Try this one, will you ever not choke in the clutch?
BREAKING NEWS: I finally took my first solid shit in 5 days. No more diarrhea!
So happy that the league is back on, I needed it to stay sane with all the ff going on around me
lmaoo no nigga this has been here since I was 7
did you get something?? lol
Beyond excited to see at the tomorrow night! Hope he makes me laugh
ug, better u than me! ;) good luck! Xo
Should have reviewed that | I think they made the right call | But should have reviewed |
This BAM guy is so awkward but its cute lol
just started using Seesmic Desktop instead of twhirl....at last I can manage multiple twitter accounts at the same time!
Fuels your mental and spiritual being to effectively fuel your physical
This chick really just caught an attitude w/me bc when she asked me what kinda weave I used, I told her this is my REAL hair. Smh
Son a bitch! #Packers hold record being the first team to go 15-1 and not win a playoff game.. like we needed 2 be reminded of that! #NFL :P
Stress levels at maximum. All that I want right now is a do-over, please.
Tonight, coming home after stamp club, on the landing of our staircase, Is a roll of paper towels completey shredded! Naughty cats!
HAPPY 21ST BIRTHDAY TO MY WIFEY !!! Can't wait to get home and celebrate with you this weekend babes!!!!!!! luv yahhh <3
It was the president and that show is always hilarious. You would've woken up.
he says i don't deserve one. I want a poster of rose. He's hot lol.
Here's a tip on how to pick up chicks. Instead of listening to them when they talk, cut them off when they speak by saying "I do poopy"...
leggings i think .
Good Luck from your friends
The Role of the Best Man
Waukesha Toastmasters is having a "Bring a Guest" night on Thursday March 24th. Does anyone want to be my guest?
amazon, Doesn't like it's customers why is that?
I just tweeted to myself!!!!!! Embarrassing
oh right, I was invited <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> RT “: Dinner at Clooney's house. Laurel Canyon will be ground zero.”
Hot$pot...hows that new mixer?...loved the pic of you & your Misses..for your anniversary..
Rock Bottom and Gleeam casting finally wrapping up - I hope! Websites for both shows coming soon!
I collected student journals each week and learned how to motivate each person based on what they shared. We connected.
MCA test was and is worthless..
For weeks now, numbers of new followers daily. But my number of followers do not increase!!!!!!!!!!
#NowPlaying: Dock of the Bay by #OtisRedding. Guest host is
Did you hear about the first death from an overdose of Viagra? A man took twelve pills and his wife died.
oh noes! Now I’m really glad I went with the 77 last night.
Does anyone know what the pressure is, in pounds per square inch, at 35,755 feet under the sea?
Why am i still up!?
the webcam is a narrated stream that I can't listen to in a quiet bedroom mms://drop.physics.uq.edu.au/PitchDropLive
Very funny! There are a lot of great designers right here. Would love to work with them...
cut a bitch with a butter knife lol
I'm in one of those moods where I want to break expensive electronics.
tweet tweet lol
It is god that you embrace life.
A Santorum landslide? Time to bring those sheets to the laundromat. Vulgar, vulgar, vulgar.
ATTENTION LADIES!!! ITS BLACK FRIDAY AND TONIGHT IS THE Special Edition of TGIF: "Pure Onyx" The All Black Gala Uptown Lounge ….....
Good Morning Badger Fans! Where are you watching the game today?
Heading to NYC. Woo! Any of you (esp. those who are lit-inclined) have a good event suggestion? Esp. daytime events.
At the movies with the girlfriend, seeing Cabin In The Woods.
Cinema - 21 jump Street
lol find out what?
Weed makes you hungry and lazy and cant peel your ass off a couch..
Baltimore, Maryland Weather :: 75F Fair: 75F Fair
what are you talking about drummer boy? im a drummer girl! and justin my drummer boy <3 lol jk
thanks for the klout I need it and appreciate your support.
Ladies, if you don't want your chach broadcasted on television, you shouldn't wear a dress to a baseball game. Skirt up at your own risk!
My understanding is that there was a great deal of painful change to get to that schedule as well. No?
Nope. Celebrating something like 5yrs since his first dump would be weird.
I'm thinking about all the times when things could have went the wrong way. I'm grateful to be alive.
my bones hurt.
Granger want that fade
Thanks for the follow, Brian!
Oh man, what a catch by
Yeah Jan or Feb would be perfect! We can do a little bit of #Milwaukee and a little #Chicago !!
RT : When bad things happens it's easy to forget we're blessed...
If you find the gift card and coupons and post your picture on our facebook page, we will add 5 more dollars to it!
Hi everyone in the whole world let me tell yu a story of friendship and honor.
Granny G is killing me on #AGT. Rofl.
Merry Christmas!
Makes you wanna sang m m m mm m
For #leaders from "Your Brain at Work:" The ability to stop oneself from thinking something is central to #creativity!"
I hope you draft Danny Trevathan OLB, he lead the SEC in tackles last year.
Come out tonight to BRINK ORLANDO. Free cover w/ GRINDR app, open bar 11-12!, and I'll be spinning starting at 10 in the Disco!...
The first 10 ppl to DM there Full Name, Phone Number and Email get a free photo shoot courtesy of YKMD RT
Need to get #blownaway by ASAP! (: Been listening online, and this is the shit!
I Love Getting Pedicures I Tell U...
you know it cap't!! Hope FoCo is having fun too!!
Fair enough misread
Have a great 4th! Happy Birthday USA!
Is loving better than being loved?
I am looking forward to the MMPA Summit & Expo tomorrow with ! Who else is going?!
Thanks for reaching out. I will email you later today!
Learn to forgive and forget. Holding grudges is a waste of life.
Remain rocking, please! Thanks for the follow.
sexy lady!
Thanks, but I'll pass. Snoozefest. RT I will be appearing on tonight at 9pm eastern! Tune in!
RT RT : He was on Wikipedia today.
couldn't give blood cause I might be anemic /:
Ok, I *just* found out that we had to issue two refunds Thursday for Bridgetown attendees who thought they were going to see Jesse Ventura.
Isn't he just a ray of sunshine?
your talk was awesome (as expected)
Thought experiment: If 50K-plus people had been brutally killed in Canada over the last 6 years, would that dominate the news here each day?
I refuse to continue losing sleep behind BS
I try, I try so hard, and I get nothing back.
Hey #libchat I'm an instructional services librarian at the University of Arizona -- glad to see some Emerging Leaders are here 2nite!
Due to the fact we were at Century Link Field last night (great game!!!), eating St. Patty's day corned beef and cabbage tonight. YUM!!!
what happened??
Thanks for the follow -& to answer your Valentine question - we think you ask that of all the cats so we're holding out! ;-)
Sometimes during the day, i use the word LOOFAH so much, i find my tongue stuck to my piilow at night,...GROSS
im already following you! haha
Kentucky famous for frying birds!!!
Hiw is it being in NY as a Pens fan? Many people supporting them?
& suddenly, i become a part of your past.
Tony Ambrose's name picked by Lewis, passes 4-0, "not going to mess around" and is sworn in
At COURSEY right now!! :) #BCSFREEtickets prizes all day!!
I'm going to do my graduation cap in THOR!!
#MorningMotivation - Believe that everyone you meet is remarkable, heroic, and magnificent -
Don't worry though, we're in a post-racial society. I'm sure they voted for him because of his wonderful policies.
and that pisses me off
Yung_Alhaji Was Better
Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!
is the best!
Think you can’t eat Mexican food and lose weight? Think again! Order the regular chicken taco salad, 414 cals and 245 grms of protein!
Hm. Did not know that.
Strawberry Pancakes eggs and ham
happy anniversary to my loving parents<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D><U+2764>
What would you most like to see added or changed?
Congrats to Ron Santo
. the first rule is don't doubt yourself. If you LOVE acting then really love it and do it 100%. You can do anything.
so what kind of #homebrew did you make this weekend?
Aloha! Here for a wedding.
Sunday's almost over <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
This NYC 22 show is way over the top and just rockin clichés everywhere but I'm gonna keep watching.
Wondering what the Irish saying #sláinte means? Get to at and we'll show you!
"The daily" is an absolutely great app
EVERYONE FOLLOW !!! THEY FOLLOW BACK & PROMOTE YOU!!! #FOLLOW THEM & I'LL SHOUT YOU OUT!!!! X"
Get at me my football fans
Day 41 no #coffee. Forty-one! Just one more reason to not drink the office "coffee."
Rachel is telling it like it is.
that's a lie. your the stupid one.
definitely! I'll look for you at the next break!
: Totally. Amazing how some Twitter newbies get 20K visitors by tweeting random quotes and stuff.
Good game any ways Lakers I aint to mad
u got a track wit an open verse i can murk out real quick??
Aw hell na man
How powerful are ? Very, says one journalist here.
Alaska. So much to do there. Lol
Oh man. I hope you pack your PARTY COMPRESSION SHORTS! We bring the FUN with the post-run Bloody Mary bar. :)
I mean still not cheap but...
I looovvvvveee you baby! <U+2764>
What are you whining about? KTUU gave you Klout too. Call it experimentation, if you will. Needed to see if it works.
THANKS TO ALL THE SERVICE #VETERANS AROUND THE WORLD...YOU ARE THE REAL HEROES!!!
This is just ridiculous, its getting old.
a great night at Urban J's first all "Prophetic Voices Poetry" Open Mic! Brain is tired...Heart is hopeful...More music on the way!!
I find Dems who claim #Santorum would give a tougher test than #Romney to be disingenuous & hoping to sway GOP primary voters
RT : It's white people get drunk and eat burritos day.
listening to stand up on repeat... Definitely my favorite :)
Ditto, long live Chester Gap!
any recs for apps to read web server log files? I gots a bone to pick wit AdWords
If you refuse to give up, you can NOT fail..
Warm day in Chicago. Just rode my bicycle from Evanston to Millennium Park... But wussing out and taking the El back. It's windy, yo!
I liked it too! The girl who played Matty was SO good!
Gasol with a cut on his lip. Getting worked on by Gary Vitti. Nuggets on a 8-2 run.
'you don't have to like her, you just have to be nice.'
WE appreciate the follow. Pleased to meet you Mike. WE followed back.
Full disclosure: I'm no longer working in libraries. Future tweets will focus on city life, photography, Whedony things, and my dog. Thx.
GM drops the Pontiac brand! Where are all the hometown high school girls going to hang there graduation tassels now? GRAND PRIX!! WHY!!
especially when they are on collapsible bikes. ’s got my back on this one.
sorry for the late reply, still new on twitter. yes we do raw scans & yes we can do a lot more!email for more
Many companies also seem to be afraid to hire new designers, who have less work and more time to dedicate
New Shirt Batman Crest Dark Knight Rises White Graphic Tee Shirt
We're going through a re-org. Yesterday was the last faculty meeting of the Educational Psychology program at UW -- after 50 years exactly.
one bad game and you guys are really gunna criticize c'mon that guys human
Oh, well, her mom died and their having a drum circle in her honor at the pier.
growler pour of what? Whatever it is, it looks delicious!
I should not be awake still. And I guess that is not going to call me back.
Eternity is not the hereafter...this is it. If you don't get it here you won't get it anywhere. ~Joseph Campbell
Pissing me off!!
is amazing and I cant wait until Saturday. Race time :-)
Every time I hear a Drake song I think of <33
Cardinal Mahoney- We are not afraid.
West Mission Bay Drive will be closed for triathlon starting at 1:30 till 4:15 so avoid it if you are going to beach
where in the world did i get Zach from then? lol. i just renamed you. oops, sorry!! ;) but have fun tonight guys!
Bout to eat something delicious!!!:)
Thanks for the shout-out. Here's hoping that you reached some new people!
What is the best supercar on the market?
haha yeaa Rachel got VIP for us and haileyy
And our football team is about as good as the Bengals so why not reward them. I mean they earned it two years ago when they won games.
#GoPackGo Be a Giant Killer Today!!
I Can't Stop You From Having Problems, But I Can Guarantee As Long As You Got Me, You Won't Have To Face Them Alone.
oh we will! we love seattle!
Over and back my Azz. He was bumped.
Headed to church. Discipleship class and im late. SMH
I actually got done like 30 mins earlier than I normally do.
Cheap, effective marketing = Custom tees!! Hit us, it's what we do.
Thank you for my awesome haircut!!! A nice way to start out my weekend!
ATL is crank downtown! Incredible game!
You guys need to come to Miami tho like on the real...
thx! I've used it but found it a bit more evangelical, not postmodern enough for what I had in mind.
RT PR peeps, this is a good week to send me Valentine's Day event releases. I am literally asking you for them!
I wanna stay up all night until we see the sun
It hurts me to watch 1,000 Ways To Die.
oh okay haha thanks !
Hanging out with josh thomas. Coolest dude ever.
Houlihans with the bro
Mantra for the day: Enjoy your life and enjoy the company which you keep. Attitude will get your through anything.
Twitter conversation without talking.
Looking forward to a Rematch in the NCAA Final
Dont talk about sports
I Feel Like Watching A Funny Movie
I need more tatts im slackin, one thing bout tattoos , Dat shit hurt!!! & its funny to hear people Naw it aint hurt lol
bo your punking out
Manis, Mimosas, lunch and more Mimosas with
SKC scored at least 30 min ago - blue confetti us STILL in the air above my head. An omen?
Blades of Glory
You never know what u got until it's gone.
What does mediation mean to educators? Some answers: tools to interpret; frameworks for analysis; translation; technology; scaffolding.
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW WERE SO CLOSE TO 2,000 SO CLOSE!! GO FOLLOW BEFORE I UNFOLLOW U!
TYPO i meant me* n that i was suppose 2 be a u:P
I'm just waiting for him to tweet me or dm me
Any #BYX guys at the game?
real talk who had the top three albums of the year I really wanna know ppls thoughts on this. my picks WTT The dreamer/believer section 80
Looking forward to dance/fight rehearsal today. Very grateful we are inside a studio instead of the outdoor amphitheater! 100+ Drink water!
Bass down low.
Who else can't wait for new cd Khaos Legions out tomorrow??!!
literally falling asleep I need you here to make me laugh
1 week until St. Pats Day! Time to pull out Hubby Dude's BFD dress uniform, find my green clothes and start baking car bomb cupcakes :)
I like that town. Did you go to sxsw?
Congrats Kyle! See you tonight.
WasteCap and its clients have diverted 386,812 tons of C&D cardboard; C&D projects are currently achieving an average 90% recycling rate!
Administration reminds me of Oprah. YOU GET A TARDY SLIP AND YOU GET A TARDY SLIP
When I'm this sleep-deprived, my tweets start to chocolate parachute marsupial tentacle horseradish.
I cannot wait for in Palentine soon she is just AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!! <3
Eating on the subway is gross enough, but a hard boiled egg? Have some self respect lady.
need card 4 sale price, no manual entry of ID @ self-chkout? Only 1 register open? Trying to drive us off to Kroger?
only you will be able to let yourself out of the clost. Be Strong! LOL!
"Chronicle" was pretty great. Awesome action. Really cool effects. Very intense. Probably a buy on bluray.
#liber2011 Proquest Q&A: important point made that a library's only costs are its internal costs. Proquest charges nothing for the scanning.
Getting ready for our pre-Super Bowl party in NYC. Lots of Big Blue in the office!
Is it just me or is it freezing in here?
you see the game last night I'm guessing?
“: go to work!!! lol”>>>I'm SUPER late but LMBO you're a trip Bro <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> Super excited abt Philly at the EOM<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
IronMan or Hulk... in Avengers Hulk. In anything else, IronMan :D
OH - I was thinking it was a couple of weeks ago :-). I really like the vividness of the poem.
Hey - isn't there one about that Figaro guy?
This game is great! Big plays, last team w ball will probably win.
Eatting at oleys pizza and everyones freaking out over some horse race on the tv
wow, didn't think you could be more social than already! Party on Ms Lauren, go pack and brewers!!! Aaahh
lets see if some doors will open
Thanks to everyone in the Bearkat family, love y'all! I'm excited for the opportunity on joining the Kansas State Family!
hey sweetie beast you!!!!!! Xoxoxox
yhur a JesusFreak??????So am i its glad 2 kno dat there is some Jesus in show biz
People shouldn't wear their hair back if they have disfigured foreheads!
yes i know it makes u upset wish u went 2 my school so u could help me
Requon is a bitch how the fuck u goin talk bout wen I am out of town like wtf grow some balls I am a girl nd I got more balls than u
Good morning. Hope ur having wonderful day. At favorite Negril internet cafe, pecking away. Signal flighty today so working fast. Enjoy! :)
Just finished hosting our second show for with my co-host be sure to watch it online at Trojanvision.com!!!!
#Allin win for the gmen last night. Part 2 has the Badgers smelling like roses.
Yes...College Basketball has offically started..lol Lets go
Me too! My husband and I actually share our calendars, so the reminders do my "nagging" for me. lol I love it.
Agreed. Nice that it's somewhat dryer, but feeling kind of (gray) blue myself.
they really dnt..cuz dey gon be n da bed sleep well idk bout urs but mine will be while im up at school
wishes there was a copy of Rituals of War within 2,000 miles of him *sigh*
Just saw Marine One land at the White House. So cool!
right here lol
I distinctly remember a driving school teacher suggesting that when you feel a sneeze coming on, just pull over and stop the car.
Lol, I just noticed there hasn't been on Avengers movie ad during the Avengers show, what's up with that?
: Haha. I grew up in the 'burbs so I know my way around pretty well. Also, I've given this way too much thought.
besides babies - pretty much don't care at all! Just let me do my thing and be myself. Occassional couch action!
I need a new shampoo can anyone let me know of a good one?!?!?!
Bullying is such an awful thing n if u are a bully ur clearly just stupid for doing those mean stuff that can cause someone their happiness
AW did the cute fish in your dorm die? <\3
send me the pic!!
TO EVEYONE TWEETING ME I GOTTA GO!!!!!
Thanks Chad!!
Can any #FantasyBaseball Owners please loan a pitcher to the #Redsox?
Shake off that case of the Monday's with some tasty tacos.. We're servin um Up at Farragut square 17th and k. K?
not yet, also hearing bad stuff from friends who regularly listen to rap lol
if you watched Mad Men you would've seen that song on there....
I am still in Stage 1 of the 7 Stages of Grief: Shock & Denial
#Thegreatestteaseintheworld: the music of the ice cream truck. Not a woma"
where did you hear that?
You're right about that.
Sounds of the new office - Greek guy singing, clapping and yelling loudly all morning. I feel like I'm hanging out with my family.
Mummbling a song because you dont know the words lol
You say you need me, but truth is you don't.
congrats on your first career hat trick!!!
Some Austinites, who have given her 85% of her money, endorsed "Let's Do It Austin!" But wait...this is an El Paso House seat.
Big night of hoops for the state of
I'm glad this day had turned upside down for me. Can't wait to load up and move it out!
I mean I did pass English 2...
Bet you won't find nobody to treat you how I do
You'll be richer in the end than a prince, if you're a friend. ~ Edgar A. Guest
Definitely listening to Pomp and Circumstance a few times this week!
This weeks already going by so *fast!
Watched NBATv last night... We not even close to a nba season! Derek Fisher made that clear in his interview
Singing Lutherans in adjoining meeting room add festive atmosphere to meeting
just listenin to music and skatin on my bed :P
Oh you remember it. It's downright titillating.
That's my neighborhood bar. Actually a pretty cool little dive. Intersting crowd. Free shots when cops have sirens blaring.
By 2050, world will need 70% more food. We need urban agriculture strategy to help answer demand & create jobs.
Hey!! Involved in a car accident? Why wait call 888 The Check. Get up to $10k the same day.
of course that's my job as "City Boi" ..we got a few cool spots..but we got major plans
#YouKnowItsConcertWeekWhen you haven't slept more than 3 hours every night.
Recover Records listening party! Post recommendations and we'll take a listen.
so cool! bringing back the mixes! too bad i don't still have the mixed record my bf made me in high school :)
Time isn't wasted when your getting wasted!
So excited to be singing tonight at ! Its going to be a fun time :)
And all I get at the time was "rude."
Thanks for the mention, Paul. Have a great week.
LET'S GET THE PARTY STARTED IN HERE!
Oh n Go Patriots!
A Hero? Allen West was relieved of his command & faced court marshal & imprisonment unless he retired from service. -Disgrace
Who's getting the Money May fight tonight?
I will never be able to watch Empire again without seeing dancing Lobot in my head. It's funny every time.
Actually that's totally what it means, come to think of it.
Methinks Tom would disagree. ;]
. Break a leg! And say hello to for me!
Where there is no vision, there is no hope.
im so happy and excited for tomorrow even though i have to go to school i get to see my bff but school is torture is it for u
Its official I have a set at the Club. That damn BeatKing. LOL, I need a intro drop for that shit bro.
Outstanding! Thanks for sharing, Melody. You might consider giving proper attribution to in your tweet.
totally down for some swag
oh, even better. misery due to incompetence! lucky you!
Getting ready to launch our newest product: Hemp Granola. Its all natural and made exclusively for Stoner Couture by Amanda Hunter.
this is so sad omg
stop the traffic, LET EM THRU!!
Waiting for to wake up so she can make me coffee. Who needs to sleep in after a 4am dance party anyway?
Ok Guys, you gotta follow !! Funny yet truthful tweets about Man Kind and the rules to being a Guy.
And yes, people do drink espresso when it's hot outside.
RT : There's no definition of a successful life that doesn't include service to others. Be inspired! NBC 3/28 8pm
Does anyone know if Mt. Lemmon is accessible today by car?
Radio on Pandora. Amen and amen.
Me and my better half on our
Ya know ive always had a crush on but when i followed him it got even huger!He is so downtoearth &sweet!nothing like malfoy kinda
follow me.? c:
my email is
You know Wat it is homie....
I can't wait to tell my dad what my babe said!! He's going to be so surprised
join me! It's nice up here
Starting to really appreciate people who don't have iPhones.
Thank you!
the writer of this column is ignorant
learning for a history-test 21:22 o’clock
har har har. Well in that case I'll be sure to listen!! :)
spring break
I am a huge Michigan fan, Go Blue! Also it's nice to see Mark Dantonio returning to coach MSU! I love College Football Saturday!
Meditating with my 5 yr old this is peaceful ooohhhhmmmm
RT Madison Wisconsin!!!! <3 #1 party town, #1 party school, #1 most confusing one-way streets!
#FollowFriday Follow and welcome them to Twitter!!!
Tomorrow night we get our rings! 2011 CAA Football Champions! I'll def cry a tear or 2 or 3. Towson University - Roar is Restored! - Bulldog
“: "If I can't dance, I don't want to be part of your revolution." ~ Emma Goldman”
LOL I'm probably one of the only people who still says it
Want to say hi to ? Tweet
Farenthold is a babbling idiot & a heart attack waiting to happen. Good thing he has health care.
Hey , be my sweetheart!
That's crazy tho! But, Jordan knows that if his fans and the people he loves mess with it, then thats all that matters! :)
:p I DID NOT LOL
...any stores around Metro Detroit have Nike Fuelbands?
The cost for using e-records is high up-front. the savings may be forecast in the use of alternative monitoring. Monitor from a remote desk
Thank you for following me!!
Not an issue on my 2010 Mac Pro but a good reason keep a backup boot drive of the previous OS whenever updating.
I can be dumb. And dumber. MT : Nice - little dumb & dumber ref in cinema brews? makes good ones!
it blew away my expectations.
It was a beautiful day of brunch... and SO good to see people up on the rooftop! Can't WAIT for a real "summer" day with a cold bier....
There's just something about the concept of "Hybrid Documentary" that is very troubling to me.
Watched The Wire, it was good, just didn't have that family soft side that really drives it home for me. Sopranos 4EVER!
Princeton u are #OutOfURMind kissing rocsi no offence rocsi and sorry my spelling off..we gonna WHOOP u Princeton (SMACK)(DOUBLE SMACK)
Today 1967: Gov. Knowles signed legislation allowing the sale of margarine in Wisconsin putting an end to 72 years of "Oleo Wars."
At home with the wife eatting pizza
three hours of sleep is not nearly enough.
nostalgic feeling is racially based
Beware when the great God lets loose a thinker on this planet.
Officially gave up
Mine was so z I had to delete it.
Haven't watched American Idol in years but turned it on in time to see this Haley girl do a poor man's version of "I Who Have Nothing"
that thermometer story is hilarious. Just read it to everyone I work with lol
i have these lush daydreams that i meet and he totally falls in love with me. ah, depressed now.
Is it wise to let people know exaclty where you are at all times?
Cooked perfectly executed pork fried rice today. I think I want to come up with a Mexican fried rice that uses chorizo sausage, lime, etc
that Forgetting Sarah Marshell is always on
Almost time to shine
RT : is searching for digital Art Directors and Sr. Art Directors for the KC office. Email Farrah McGuire for details!
RT : Yes, we're very excited :) MT : Pleased to see #Factiva finally integrated into the header on the...
can you try to convince her that the internet and MS Encarta are the same thing?
goodnight twitter world
bummer I am in Winston thru Wednesday.
This cute girl walking by saw me freak out when a leaf blew into me and now I'm going to stay inside forever.
Band name: Fag Books
Pure Green Coffee Bean Extract Featured on Dr. Oz Proven to Help Lose Weight ...: The natural compound contained in the green beans i...
All follow
Have you tried watching Star Trek:TNG since iPads came out? The crew seem to be using big, bulky, non-futuristic iPads all the time.
I wanna party with Ryan Lefebvre.
Remember, I knew you before you won the big money .
The other half of the bromance gets his letter now.
We will try and make it!
Its principal affect on insulin is driving fatstorage, that increases risks of over 70 different modern western diseases
MUS lax game with Steve
Thanks for reminding me that life is good after graduation. It's so true!
Help! I need an optimized Ticket to Ride route that completes 15 destination tickets!
When you get a girly girl shirt<< my arm muscles dont fit, if i reach out for something imma turn into the hulk & Rip my shirt off
-should've kicked that nigga out the condo like Pam.. but i let him hold me all night, like damn!!
RT : Kerry on Lugar loss: “This is a tragedy for the Senate"
swcd00170 : monster beats studio high definition powered isolation ...
yeah.. i have over 500..
Thanks Brian! RT Great interview Donn!
Chapter 13 allows a debtor to keep property and pay debts over time, usually three to five years. www.steveblisslaw.com
Love is like a game , theres too many players .
Google Analytics can be a great tool to see how patrons are utilizing the website. Use this info for site redesign.
“: Horse racing<<<<<< Could care less” LAME
I didn't get to meet her...was she as supercool as I've hoped?
FL has two underwater archaeology field schools, one in the Keys and another in St Augustine. Hoping for the Keys school.
“: we're such horny people.. oh well. (; lol jk.” lmao I know.. We need the D.. haha Jk! :D
Join us at 6pm at Sweat Records for this special SeminArt! IP Bootcamp: Copyright Infringement for the Musician.
"I know I'm alive but I feel like I've died."
Coming to see you tomorrow at UK... looking forward to it!
My prayer was answered! I'm very grateful
school starts soon for all 3 of us, which means you #PAKers may have to wait a lil while longer for another PAK video
Dear #twitterstorians anyone know good secondaries on first tariff debate in congress? and I both looking
I apologize my love
Idk why im watching full house
TV Antenna #BigData Cleansing Social Mashups of Content Mobile First Applications
If you had to do a speech and it had to be memorable; What would you decide to write about? #HowWouldYouEnlightenYourAudience?
The Friday Thinker is coming your way at 9:30 sharp! Bone up on your knowledge now and be back here in an hour and a half!
I tripped over a speed hump in the road and tried to play it off by running today at fitness connection. But now it's all good.
There's moisture in my heart. Won't you dry it with your love talcum?
what job where?
one of my followers
RT : Blogged on the Golan Court's copyright blackout, and its part in the #sopa / #pipa fight:...
Congratulations to the LA Clippers on the come from behind win against the Memphis Grizzlies. Good night tweeps!
okay well go kick rocks with my Mavs!
Isn't this week like National Birth control week or something or.....?
Let's hope the NFL doesn't turn the into a flag football team.i saw harder hits last season that didn't even get their wrist slapped
out selling golf .. good job Kat ,doing it for the kids
Snoop dogg is so high on jimmy Fallon right now hahaha
Lake Show.
Headed to the Braves/Dodgers game! :)
It's true only dumb people work at the movie theater now They burn popcorn and have to evacuate the movie theater in the middle of the movie
Hospital Facilities Managers hard to find? Not if you look in the right places! Yes, it takes time but we'll do that part for you!
eating grapes...#skinnygirlproblems just kidding.
Farrah is a bitch.
am glad, because they clearly wouldn't have
I don't smoke. I don't drugs. I'm a virgin. I go to school & I will not lose my self-respect just to fit in.
bifocal display
New Property in Buffalo Grove to be soon on the Real Estate market! Are you looking to buy or sell.....Check out my web site....Thanks
High achievers have bigger visions. Are you thinking big enough?!
Ah I know you're about to bag some bitches tonight ! #PuertoRican Swagger On Max !
Happy Birthday! To~Two Famous Americans #Dance Legends born on 5/10: Fred #Astaire & Judith #Jamison!
TODAY'S FEATURED ITEM Dr.Cutler's Pure Krill Mega-3 from the Antarctic for ultimate heart and brain health CALL FOR APPOINTMENT 713-632-0866
you did great! I love your smile!
woop wooop! Don't think I could be any happier :)
Im a beast dog
lol ell ya
10-year-old listening to dad's story of the olden days that began with "before there was Google": "Wait. You had TV but not the Internet?"
Privacy, selective access to self? Who has access or the skills to be able to control self online?
don't hate Tebow. Hate
Good night/morning
Europe 1, me 0. last time I go out with 3 Irish guys and a Russian.
I DONT JUST WANT TO BE HAPPY BECAUSE FOR THAT YOU NEED SOMETHING TO BE HAPPY ABOUT, I WANT JOY BECAUSE I FEEL NO CAN TAKE THAT AWAY FROM ME
Contagion = mass bird+pig superflu outbreak.
I know sweetie!! Just letting you know was thinking about cha!
Took me 10 min. to find your bracket before getting to the very bottom of the last page of rankings? cc
#IfIRuledTheWorld I'll tell you what I'd do. Two chicks at the same time man. Always wanted to do that.
what you got going for Cinco De Mayo
There are maybe 35000 people still in Miller Park, watching the conclusion of the Cardinals game. Amazing atmosphere.
Screw you, Supreme Court on 46K prisoner release order for CA; release them in Wash DC
Ok im a chill out been mixing stuff since yesterday.
thanks B!
is it not true that Neville/Rio have no love lost during when UTD paid Rio 8full mos during drug thing plus his contract demands?
You know what gets you people's phone numbers at a bar? A smokin' hot KUOW canvas tote bag slung over your shoulder, that's what.
Modern Family was awesome 2night.
Not against poetry e-books but publishers need to double check line breaks & open space translates correctly on all platforms.
I don't think I mind at all of the weather stayed like this forever...
Im tired of being tired.
yummy combo!
Joan's hair is now even redder than it used to be. I don't know how people can possible think she's a natural!
SPOT - Situational Perceptions Observations Test
Dear ColdFusion form validation, why don't you work like you're supposed to?
": It was bad"<=at least u safe ma...just send a prayer up for em! Straight up
ok guess i'm going to bed. night all.
It seems that the Sixers have life!
Lmao she already know i'm coming for her !
No....Thank you sir!!
rumor has it u were visiting #Mke #Milwaukee ?
Right back at you. Make sure you hydrate properly. Or dehydrate, as it were.
Peeing my pants ! ! !
Cant believe all the post from me that I didnt make! This is worse than fb.
I have no clue where it came from, but I've been laughing all morning!
The only fair coverage is #Grassroots, let's do this! #Paul for #President!
Heh. Hope all is well.
Amazing to see fog this morning!
#gramblingstate - Congrats 2011 Graduating Class!!! Nice Ceremony!!!
Just when I figured out all those "you're fired" and hair jokes...damn it.
Swing and a miss !!! 33 saves in a row Stacheford.
I from the city where the skinny niggas ride With a Semi .45 to make the biggest niggas fold up, roll up
We had napkins too ;) ...and bottle opener keychains, pens, chapstick, sunglasses, slap bracelets...
ritard: there's one in every family.
U going to be home?
Hey if you love me you will follow me right? :) PLEASE <3
Trying to get to the gym but this traffic is crazy.
marches to the beat of her own drum!!!.... She deserves everything she gets!! She's earned it!! I know 1st hand!!
Blazers need to take this game tonight. I am already for the playoffs and want homecourt 1st round
stomach ache ):
thank you for making managing personal finances so much easier. don't know what we'd do without you!
*shrugs , were almost gone . Fuck escambia .
Knowing you, it'll look super legit!
I nearly bit the asphalt. Five some free wings, I'm wet & hungry.
Hey everyone! Do a lady a favor and like Hazel & Haverly on facebook. Or if you're on twitter, follow
": I wish I knew where I stood with you."
According to my #goodreads tracker, I am 26 books ahead of schedule (goal: 100 books in 2011). Yay me!
Good luck today!
everyone is gonna see
Hello my t friends
Walking is fun. Because u get to listen to K-Pop when you walk. Yeahh.
Also we are thankful for pizza. Without it we would starve.
what's wrong :(
