nice job of reporting
Sorry NINER NATION.
The Hoodie/Rape bait comparison is invalid. Hoodies attract law enforcement! That's the radar these young men need to avoid
Alex Rodriquez, Lebron James, and Tony Romo walk into a bar....
okayy so ... today i saw him at school and i was so happy that he went (: he really made my day today and also he looked so cute ! (:
#vivoifest12 panelist on importance of provenance of info: "I think there's going to be increased suspicion of self-asserted expertise."
We already have an AMT. This differs how?
Gf weather. Too bad I can't buy one with my beer & movie.
Lets go! Here come the BOOS RT : At what point does Valentine bring in the 100-year-old?
#classic #YoMomma is so fat when she got hit by a bus, she asked who threw a rock
At the fiest buffet at red rock casino having lunch.
(AP) -- Argentina approves #transgender rights: ID changes, sex-change operations and hormone therapy.
Shoutout to for holding down the
Secure Data Recovery TEam Foolow Back
Happy MLK Day from MLK Choir! We will be singing at Francis Parker School this morning to honor Dr. King's legacy.
Powered down the computer and turned off white noise CD. Now I can hear the birds outside my window.
*Smiles warmly at Ben*.
Why do I unzip/unbuckle my pants before I even get in the stall?... To speed up the process I suppose...
yeah its the same ha
lmao yeah I honestly have no idea...
How can you hate the tools if you don't fully understand them? Definite education opportunity.
please follow she is you biggest fan!55
President Barack Obama to Introduce USA Network&#39;s Airing of &#39;To Kill a Mockingbird&#39;
RT : IUE: Richmond is now under a Tornado Watch until 1am EDT.
I'm sure you've watched the replay of the PK foul, thoughts still the same as last night? Could have been a card?
You're right, man. Not wasting any time at all. A good guy who will land on his feet at another school, for sure.
hi!!!!!!! I'm so jealous you're in Austin! I've been trying to scheme up ways to escape down there from Dallas!
is track-track-trackin' for Entercom Communications.
did you know 2/3rds of the world outside of America lives off of 2 dollars a day?????????? WTITW!!!
just because people want tighter gun control does not mean they want to get rid of your 2nd adm rights, just want to know whr all the guns R
You only get a couple of moments that determine your life. Sometimes only one.
and we got that freakin ECA tomorrow too!
How texts me goodnight >>>>
oh, I had shaved a few days before. Normally I have a SWEET beard so I was proving to my mom that I had shaved
Why isnt my Pandora Radio working :(
This kid did the wrong project so the prof is making him do a whole nother one for next week
just cause! :)
How will this fit in with public school systems, and following a strict curriculum?
west coast here, waiting patiently!
Hard rock cafe in dc.
I Say Whaat , Spell Check Says Wheat,
maybe I need to upgrade the HD...it's an older MB Pro (late 2008) so maybe it's time.
you smiled I'm off the hook ;D x
Wow - temperatures for next week in Richmond look fantastic! A little more seasonal.
Happy March 1st! Today, we would like to give a shout out to Miller Lite for being the presenting sponsor of the St. Patrick's Day Parade!
Did a lot on the film this week. Going to dive into the new sound mix and send the film off to ... can't say yet.
I'm starving though
Hello! The next step is keep spreading the word and wait for the next event to be announced. See you soon!
We're sorry you're having so much trouble! Sometimes it needs to be set up from our end. Please call 800-800-8327 for assistance.
free pancakes with #ihop!
All the more reason you should move to LA ;) I mean....
you miss me all the time . <U+E012> don't front
seems like there should be more payment options for season tickets. id pay more if i could make installments.
About to be end of 3rd. Tied at 68.
don't hate me but I gotta work all labor day weekend
I am supposed to be getting ready for an out of town show tomorrow. Today should have been a great day. I am too sad.
If you have filled out the survey to be in street team please message the page your answers:)
OK Help me interpret the HUGE program from #NCVF2012 #NCVFNationals2012. When is the first game for #Xavier?
Wow. sounds like they'd be fans of SOPA. Drop the hate of already. You both look foolish.
My brother is running around the kitchen thats wg
The thought ,"I am still young and have a lot of time, so I can relax and take life easy" is a function of our own weakness.
thanks! Such a blast!
That awkward shoulder thrust harry does in Viva La Vida>>> life
Hello there Downtown San Diego, you look lovely (:
lets do that every day!!!!!!!!
For so long ive been scared to look at my grades and now i see that im acutally passing! ^-^
gotta do what you gotta do
i just realized 'Sam' can stand for 'Sam and Madison' ..... or 'Sam Alamia Mara' <U+E40D>
Thank you, Joel. Same to you, wishing you all the best of everything for the New Year!
George Clooney: Already out of jail. While I agree with his protest, it's over now. Can we move on to more interesting news?
Happy Anniversary!!!!!
Eff all y'all we ignore feelings here premature millionaires welcome to my realest year
Just edited the 1st episode or "The Mourning After", our web mini-series coming to the web this February!!!
RT : #Actors #RecordingArtists #Broadcasters Stuff the ballot box w/ #YES votes for by 3/30
if it happens, someone needs to hook him up with a dealer in Boston... lol
ugh someone just go to Clackamas with me to get some shopping done.
Super excited to meet Andy Hunt of (& Highland Capital) today
Thesis editing: the least enjoyable but most satisfying activity on earth!
Pretty sure I wouldn't hate my job as much if I didn't have to wake up this ducking early.
The odds of two dudes like & homering in same game is roughly a Guggenheim.
I'm mor excited for it to come back on than a fat kid on cake :-)
They keep on tryna sell me all this fake shit tho lol
thanks for the to keep us awake at our new office!
A true friend is the only person who never gets tired of listening to your pointless dramas over and over again.
I was impressed.
Y pull the charter? Y not put someone else in charge to right the ship. Politicians r such idiots. Theyre just hurting the kids.
Yes I tweet at nicki minaj don't judge me because I love that bitch
why did u unfollow me and follow me?
I hope you don't meet someone new & forget about me :/
Though it's an interesting idea, I would never use 'viral' in the language when trying to get consumers to participate.
i've heard every album, listened to the radio. waited for somethin to come along, that was as good as our song... <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
unfortunately we already locked in the date. Hope you can make future meetups!
thanks again, this is awesome! Look forward to being in the network and sharing more tweets with you as well!
missed you at 3d!
I went to Tahoe today and while I was there the sun burned the hell out of my armpit. I don't even know how. God, damn the sun to hell.
To friend or not to friend.
RT Tiger and Phil together today.. O snap... That's what the say when u and are on the same course ..ha
Oh shoot bring on v tech Jan 3
Hi maintaoistes, thanks for following!
Love is a word often verbalized and under-utilized.
I will. I always have. It's gonna stay like that forever. Your my bestfriend even though we haven't met. That's my wish.<U+2764>
Road closure and detouring traffic around Oakland north of Brady is one hot mess.
Truly appreciate your kindness with your SOs, RTs, and mentions
congrats guys and gals at Aberdean for IB recognition top companies IT
THANK YOU! Just finished semi-final edititing of young adult fiction novel; some painting too. Best wishes in 2012.
Bandwagon mf's I was the only one goin for the pacers now erbody wanna be hype bout dem winning smh fake
death to the thing that you become
Everyone in my past showed me how to hate.
good luck tomorrow!
I can guarantee you that on monday every single #BELIEBER is going to explode of overjoyness !!!!! #26hours !!!! :-)
BREAKING NEWS: That particle is NOT faster than the speed of light. It just failed its drug test.
So that's what they look like up close! I like. Thanks!
In this world we become who we are through our alliances.
You so deserved the tickets! Karma RT : WOOT!! Just won the drawing for the tix for "Christmas Story"!!!
haven't seen it either don't feel bad
loves sour patch kids and Gerry loves Bermuda jackets;) #bryantjamesmusic <-- let's get that trending!!
M I like it like that she workin that back I don't know how to act.
and that's awesome. We use, make, and support open-source software and open-data
Can't wait to show off LetsListen.com !
Assassins creed 2 Revelations and i am playing DAOC for a lil bit as well
Fitness Tip by Steve Armstrong: Exercise of Choice - Many people are looking for the best overall exercises. If I was to select the best...
i have no friends. :'[
hope so.
Almost time for the return of #Revenge!!!! I couldn't be more excited!!!!!!!!!
dudes and dudets i freaking love you!
Heard something ridic-the dude adele wrote "rollin in the deep" about bc of it's huge success wants part of the cut! What. A. Scum. Bag.
and she also told me she said yes when he asked her out on a date ..and it seriously broke my heart ..</3
My FAV part: The THANKSGIVING SURPRISE! I was on edge, laughing & crying the ENTIRE show, I'm tuning in 4 SURE!
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness
Duke hasn't had an athletic win in a while. Wondering is Roscoe Smith transfers there too.
I'm sorry for all of those rude ICONiacz. You did really great in that interview I hope you interview the Boyz again.
I just changed it to my birthday lol
Good point! HAHA!
Deer walks, and it's a short outing for Plunk. Five walks, 4 hits, only 1 2/3 innings. Rick Rodriguez on now.
go kobe go!
Madagascar 3 is coming out in June...yes
Good morning DALLAS PLANO ALLEN #BlacklightPartyOct22 THIS SATURDAY, FIND US ON FACEBOOK (APJevents) and attend the event!
Right about meow.
I swear joe johnson is so smooth af
Let's Go DEVILS!!!
i got 2 support wat u tryna do bro
Giving #etsy's add promotion thingy a try =) any publicity is good publicity at this point!
Worthy! And the introduction by butler
Thank you for writing about this! I'm glad somebody else is outraged as I am.
CRSS EVENT COMING 2 YOU VERY SOON. February 25, 2012 it's going down!!!! Visit for more details
Shoutout To My New Followers -
Both my boys like to say "Ack" in moments of frustration. Example: it's time for bed. They say Ack. Kind of sounds like fuck. I ignore it.
get excited for #bathos anyone is welcome to join us at 4:30 today meet at the wesley!
A fiesta for the senses: How Pilsen&#39;s art community is facing gang ...
Corey Smith and Florida-Georgia Line take over Majestic Theatre tonight! Show starts at 8 p.m.
#ASTD2011. Enjoying learning colleagues at Don Kirkpatrick's retirement party in Orlando!
You were looking good today.. ;)
Hey if you rip off the very first outer petals of the roses, they should open up more. =] So I was told by a florist.
for sure. easier said then done
nope not kickball, bocce.
"like" I'll let her know!
I am actually very curious about that.
Taos man Christopher Barney beat his girlfriend; fatally stabbed their baby; and then tried to cut his own throat. And now his trial begins.
Wonderful museum, enriching and fun!
Professional Social Media Marketing Service Gets Businesses Recognition and ... - Virtual-Strategy Magazine
lol u ready 4 me to release a small mixtape every month while im workin on my full cd?
It's going to be a great run!!! Here's to a great time to be had by all.
gosh, i missed out on so much while i was on vacation..
Watching Doom Runners with Viggle Wed | 10PM | MoviePlex Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Do not go near my house when I don't have money >:O ice cream man is still there! what the hell.
I'm sure we've all eaten dog at some point, we just thought it was teriyaki chicken or something. #letsbehonest lol
#RnBThrowBacks : Breakin' My Heart ~ Mint Condition
just got done with my haircut
ick. Not envious of you in the slightest!
This No Lie is so nasty lol
This weekend is gonna help or hurt, but either way, I'm gonna learn.
Welcome! Yes, love it! RT : Cheers for the RT love :) Hope you dig the site! <3
The new #claymore chptr was epic. Im glad they r all fighting 2gethr. is an abyssal one though, so it will still b (cont in next tweet)
I'm gonna go crazy
He didn't love grading on an extreme curve, but that's what he ultimately (luckily!) did with us.
Sarah Hyland looks like a little girl...
A nigga just came and broke it down at my table... Pause:(
oh he is so guilty
why is it that in America going to church is cool. When you're british you're just a bible basher
All these religions, all these singings, they are just one song. Rumi
It's Friday! Happy Friday!
A friend is looking for an apartment in Stockholm for the summer or longer. Any ideas?
I need some new textin buddies... But for now ima bother
Wow... Watching the Hall of Fame... hearing Edge and the 4 Horsemen is giving me chills...
The fact that you never even tried is probably one of the most frustrating things.
Screaming, drunken undergrads woke me up at 4:30 am this morning...which is just as well. Lots of work, busy day today.
That's easy. You're "Art Talk with Edward Goldman."
poor but love my job
thanks Frank, happy to hear you like it!
this is the most stressful summer, ever. -_-
One more test and I will have my library degree!
sleeeepies maybe i'll feel better in da morning
happy to say this was one of the fastest monday's on record. high five.
is the shit. #realtalktuesday ... Even though it's wednesday.
#69Factsaboutme 14. I don't tan easily.
i guess mlg might be dropping reach i dont really know lol
Who's back at Dickinson Complex and ready for training?!
I Cried When, the pats lost again to the giants lol
Need a new job
well our O line should be a lot better this yr. Also I see u r a baseball fan? Iam a big Orioles fan. Camden yards is unreal
One last big THANK YOU to all the runners that ran the #SLAMR today. It was a great race because of you all!
they aren't that bad, honestly! It's just brushing that's a pain.
when ur new album ''Believe'' coming out, i cant fint this information on web, so please answer me. And can u follow me
Perfect beach day in #Miami enjoy!!!!
Main... I'd love to visit England, Italy, Japan etc... Whether its business or a vacation it be nice. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
The body speaks to us in many different ways. We just have to learn to listen!
I use to be apart of dos muchos
Our pleasure ! Thanks for watching!
great post!
Wake up every day stronger than yesterday. Face your fears, and wipe your tears.
#22-Antonio Gates-TE-San Diego Chargers
Very nice! Thank you Adam! You have a lot more rain than we do right now!
Deejaying a sweet 16 tonight on the Pink Lady Party boat gonna be fun!
the Spaces between YOUR Fingers are supposed to be filled with Mine ;)
A lot of Twitter'ers are sending out spam links - it's helpful to change your PW. This has been spreading all over the place
who'd you end up meeting?
Happy birthday to our very own We love her.
Not anymore, at least. MT: : Perry jones will not sniff top 5. Not even a lottery lock RT: : perry jones top 5 easy
you got the muffin too right?:)
u know as well as I know that she is just trying to lie her way out of it an be innocent when we all know she's not
If we get lucky we'll be playing for you also !
Big Money what I'm spending January 2 December ma wrist game Cold y u think they call it Winter
I'm very surprised that America did not vote enough for Erica and even more surprised that the judges did not save her.
of course
There is no power button - you pull the power cable to turn it off :/
Finally done and finally at home :3
thanks so much! :D
WAHH I HATE SCHOOL.
- we love you. Watching you on TV right now. Can't wait to see you on True Blood
WELL, I try. xD My sister calls Harry Henry all the time and it drives me insane.
Ditto. I don't recall getting hit by a bus but it sure feels like it.
I don't have a man and stop telling lies
Never had very strong feelings about Stevie Ray Vaughn until my neighbor set the volume on his SRV to the "bleeds through walls" setting.
: Loving every second of the San Diego sun! Now off to Cricket Ampitheatre for tonight's gig
Cause honestly, I don't know what I'd do, if I never met a woman like you..
I think you should write a post about how much the halftime show was like a video game!
I check out another local spot. the residential beaches of La Jolla.They had kayaking, scuba diving and surfing with #FREE parking!
Excellence isn't a skill it's an Attitude!
I'm search for "Worlds Greatest Step-Daughter" mug for one of my employees...
Broke in my new fishing pole and caught what my son called a "whoffer"!
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
uh google it
Trust me haha I went to UCA, the University for Chinese/Asian.. haha
Are you unaware that "Battleship" is already coming out, starring Liam Neeson?
totally understandable! Thank you for being so involved in OKC! You rock!
Why is it that no plastic garbage bag will open from the end you first try?
Agreed. so easy 4 kids 2 think that the world is hre 2 accommodate them. Empowering them 2 help others cn open eyes
Beautiful Day outside!
Yall opinions don't make me money...
the french language has more rules, laws and regulation than all kinds of physics combined! hence, its harder! :P
"the moment someone tells you your not good enough, is the moment you know your better than they are"
Just chilling :) on spring break :)
still unsure. I'll try boss man again.
Playing at the Eastside Grad Celebration tonight...congratumalations, y'alls! :)
Privacy protections vary for your data in the cloud
Thanks for hosting such a great party!
No, im not as push over, im a bigger person
math placement test tomorrow.. don't really wanna take it :/
I just realized, don't ask me how, that I forgot the Speed Stick this morning. I hope you were not effected by this thoughtless act.
If you want a better life.. raise your standards.
Yeah. The Horns took care of business today. Final score #UT 49 - 20 UCLA.
congrats you rock!
On my way to first Friday with c;
HoeLies #5 He's just a friend.
RT : The #Michipreneur Project has launched today! Make sure you check it out and show us some RT love!...
yes ma'am:) night.!
no, not for a while.
so desperate for the sun.''
everyone is beautiful in there own way <3
My man Giovanni on #Lilyhammer stay scheming!
I'm not sure you can rice around in it, it takes forever to get up to 70 mph haha.
God no! Why?
Ha Haa His Phone is Off Guess That Won't be Happening Tonight
Practicing in tie dye sweatpants and a cat sweatshirt tonight. -kc
Wednesdays!! “: what day of the week do you have Fried Chicken Night.”
We nvr talk anymore and now when I need someone to turn to your not there.& I'm forced to find another but you always told it to me strait:/
It got wild at the end for sure
- yeah, we're still game. when are you thinking of going?
my brain and body are dead... too much running this morning
Congrats for being our 400th follower on twitter :)
RT: Even a blind squirrel finds a beer once in awhile.>>> a #CraftBeer that is
"I met Tiger Woods this weekend & was amazed that he knew who I was" -Miles Austin. We know you too Miles! Awesome game tonight
I love it that every time I reload my TL I see and having ther convo about cars #smh #boyswillbeboys ^_^
Marshawn Lynch ended my fantasy season last week. But I love him right now.
~ yes prepaid change their name to "legal shield" officially. ownership is looking for better branding
Having less time off between shifts than the amount of time you spend working... #nurseproblems <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089>
Hope all is well. I should have waited to join twitter. It's way outside my field, but I want to be at this conference now.
Sang the anchovy song to my pizza last night.
lol true true make sure you watch me on tv June 13th :)
Thanks for the tip!
Perfect health inspection. Just thought you might like to know.
u ready?
#HURT RT What's mine is MINE and what's yours is also MINE!
how do you like so far? I'm just getting started too.
Red velvet cake icecreaaam (: fuck yea
What game?
everything happens fa a reason....
Ur advisor is actually Caroline, sorry about that! Work visa is attached to student visa automatically...
Also, just wondering about the 'tinyurl' s that I'm seeing here. Just realizing I'm not sure how to do that!?!?
dis dude bhill put honey on his egg sandwiches WTF!!???
possibly. DM me for my email address. Thanks. Adam
Didn't really sound like "ripped" #instagram, as put it.
im so bored !:/r u going to the dance tomorrow?
Hm. So the takehome would be $293 mil (give or take). Even after buying a private island in the Eleutheras, we're still left with 290. Ok
COOPER: Hard To Draw Conclusions From First Four
You know what's amazing? At this second, for every teenage girl twirling her fingers into the ends of her hair,.....
eyelashes and some white (p)leather boots...
im at boring ass work they getting on my nervea
DO NOT EAT THAT
CRSS EVENT COMING 2 YOU VERY SOON. February 25, 2012 it's going down!!!! Visit for more details (Have a great Wkend)
Ooh. Website revamps. Love them. is working on a big one, too. Your advice would be very welcomed.
RT : RT : Then shall ye call upon me, and ye shall go and pray unto me, and I will hearken unto you (Jeremiah 29:12).
Newest Global Connections partner is a guitar quartet in Nagoya. Hope to keep the partnerships coming!
Well, that just does it. I need to start a blog. Or a tumblr or something. I have things to say!! Cc:
RT : Once upon a time, #wine was made. And we all lived happily ever after....
for someone who doesn't like talking shit, you're doing a lot of that yourself. especially on twitter.
I am falling head over heels in love with you! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
#levilowrey is pretty badass...in case you all were unaware.
Thank you!!
Alright it is hailing in Tucson. Wtf mate.
He's not in DH, but is a good example of how transnational DH will affect "traditional" scholarship
Got a smartphone yesterday. Tweeting just got so much easier!
A1: thinking within the box, living outside it.
Fall brings many exciting changes and expectations! Remain mindful that students sometimes experience anxiety around these changes.
#supportlocalmusic Live on Gashouse Radio. Random synth rock/pop tracks. enjoy.
good and u
I really don't understand why ppl ask celebs for S/O or RTs. Is it really that important to you for them to click a button?
Just registered for my final undergraduate class. Almost done!
oh noo RT boys r in 4 Movember some more aggressively than others -lookin at u
Crowdsourcing is a great way to get authentic story-telling if you ask people why something is important to them
I have serious garden envy.
First the Spartans get blown out, then the Pistons blow a 21 point lead and then Michigan loses to Penn State! Not a good sports day in MI!
Magic only happens when and if you let it.. you guys should know that... lol
I just saw your boss on TV
Is back to working out.
they cant expect me to start my shift on time when they dont even answer the doorbell
Attending my first game of the season tomorrow. I can taste the ball park food already!
i'm skeptical. where's ben stein in this list of monotone men that can't be stopped?
So was it better or worse with snow?
Real, nimble, capacity is really what orgs need! Thanks!
Dittos all around! 's hair is always fierce! #whatclassylookslike!
Oh! Like it.
If I recall he was throwing 96-97??
Can it just be Friday please!!! I have been working since Saturday and I dont have a day off till this weekend!! I really hate cards now.
Jazz is amazing for the body and mind. All about technique and abs. Jazz helps the best hip hop dancer, be better!
I know, people don't take flags seriously. I am SERIOUS that I need a response before EOD.
Hunger games good movie.
Dow closes at highest level since December 2007
Only 3 more Monday's until SUMMMMMAAAA
probably is all-white. 2. I'm tired of colored folk still crying for token roles. That's 1 think I like about Tyler Perry. +
is also a great band too...their songs pit me in a good mood (:
Eight species of wild fish have been detected in aquaculture feed
"If you are cute, call me baby if you are nice, call me sweetie if you are hot, call me tonight."
sure Maybe later on today
I was searching, you were on a mission. Then our hearts combined like neutron star collision<U+2665>
throw some firecrackers out your window. That'll shut up anything
Everytime I see you dance I want to barf :) Feel special?
If I don't show u any type of attention ... then worry!
I've never been more proud of tweep.
Rest of playoffs RT : Pittman is a fucking bum. don't play that sorry bitch the rest of the game.
Our session touches on the citizen scientist, metrics, letting go, mobile apps, policies, education etc. One stop shopping.
Bog sean love d.town
I will admit it : I am majorly stoked to see the Hunger Games movie. So sue me.
when are you going to anounce the winner for the 4 tickets for BIG TIME RUSH ?????
no. didnt feel like getting off the couch today. should of tho. how bout you?
Oh how we miss you, Regina. There will always be a spot for you here when you visit.
I remember her!
What happens if #UGA runs the table and wins the #SEC? National championship love? Probably not. The pollsters hate the
We beefing how you gon send me theeze crazy songs with no acapella!!!!!!!! #i need to play with theeze vocals
5 days until Disney.
I been pocket dialing everyone today
The African American woman who works the parking garage at the TJ's on sunset and crescent can kiss my ass!
Pretty delighted to be sitting in on the kickoff meeting. Bring your homebrew, snacks, and ideas to share Fri, 5/4
Green Power Energy just signed another solar Pv commercial contract for 22.7Kw in Lebanon, NJ!
come on get to tweeting..
Listening to music skyscraper by and that is awesome<U+2665>.
Just Love Me for Me!!! Yep
What about "Flooding With Love For The Kid" or the homemade "Raiders of the Lost Ark" remake?
oh totally love being the 3rd wheel!!!! ....not
FINALLY getting my license tomorrow! from now on I'm taping it to my body when I go out and I know alcohol will be involved
Good guys win!
Fuck you and all your friends.
Net WAY positive tonight on closing tickets. Almost there
So tru! RT : Yes! Thank goodness for kind shop owners & their ability to mime directions :)
It's not actually that bad this year. Only 2 starters on D and 1 on O are listed as ORs.
#whosaiditwasok to give my kids a bath? Now they're running rampant! This will be a disaster! But not as bad as the
I hope you happy with your pick, bc I know I am (;
sorry to hear, but would like to hear more. Maybe we can plan to run into each other tomorrow. Purdue alumn?
Headed to the startup showcase - honored to have been an alternate, some amazing tech startups made it!
That's weird. I guess it's only me that can't view it!
I ain't had shit to tweet about.
do you think gay dudes get turned on by their own wieners?
Over 100 photos, including the offical ones and your own, have been uploaded to the website and facebook. More to come...
I agree, and unfortunately this was a Tecmo I repeat for you, even with a better seed! RT : Groups of Death suck.
Since we all know would do anything for a buck, I just wanna throw out that I'd pay $$$ if the Kiss boxset got issued on vinyl!
I seen the cover of ur mixtape looks nice man.
Life is like pictures. You can look back on the moments, but you can never recapture them.
I'm laughing too hard to make a funny response. Seriously, you are at the top of funniest people on this cocksucking site!
WOW way to end a half!
Couldn't read because of paywall. Dollar amount their advertisers made off me = zero. Good luck with that business model.
“Extreme Design — The Secrets to Successful Design Pairing” Samuel Bowles,
Didn't reach those 25 followers by midnight. So I'm gonna watch The Last Dragon... Goodnite
Thank you for the fantastic !
Good job by the talking heads on ESPN during the halftime of this game. Such strong statements after one half. Whoops.
Good Morning, Happy Mother's Day to all the ACTIVE moms out there. Parenting is the most difficult job in America. Be Blessed
I'm not a fan of the wife beater under dress shirts. I wear undershirts to hold off sweat. Wife beaters don't do that.
fo sho bro... it will be active
it makes more sense when i see all of your FF in a row...
Sell, Sell, Sell!
This game illustrates the difference between a great coach and a coach of great players.
Embarrassed to admit it, but me too. Extra nerd points if yours was on Google Docs as well.
The fact that I don't have any history and math classes next year >>>
He didn't answer the question.
McDonald's criticized as Olympic sponsor; Docs say ads may worsen obesity epidemic - New York Daily News
Bananas tonight, 5 Star Bar (thurs), Red Rock (sat)
My dad like that mexican show mi sueño es bailar
Office windows open in
just drank a whole bottle of water in like 3 seconds.
Is That Sterling As The Dog!? Haha
Its a #HappyThing when your boyfriend put a picture of you together as his profile picture.
#TopShot finale let's do this!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!:)
bar/rest NYC ! Great time with friends.
I'm today's Tom Sawyer, because I get high on you.
The beat is on! Metuchen NJ FOL hosts Peter Biedermann for a program "Music for Jazz Guitar" on Sun Oct 30 2PM 480 Middlesex Be there!
Need a getaway? Come to #Vegas the weekend of Sept 30th & grab 1 of our amazing rooms starting at $149/night! www.bluechipvegas.com
thanks. It definitely sucks, but what can you do.
Monday morning surprise! Found out I got holiday pay for Friday! Yay-uh
Ugh such a headache.
true story.
I like the new Twitter changes ...
$ gives what is needed faster & for less! #cashisbest EX: $1 will provide clean water for 1 African for 1 year
Same here, One day lovely and mild and next it's like a freezer. Can't complain I guess, it is January.
I think you've been hacked. Change your password. And not to "bacon".
Nice. Could be offered as accelerated course (skim) or as a full semester (whole).
morning. You've been awake before hes slipping or you have insomnia
Mitt Romney a bully? LOL ... he's a clown!
Humber former #1 pick of the Mets.
haha, thanks! I think I'm might be having a mid-mid life crisis. I enjoy where I've been, but need to explore other options too!
I've always wanted to try that but wasn't too sure...thanks for the recommendation!
What a finish in Phily!!!
Can't even think of one remote possibility except some vague ontological thing akin to breathing (procure nourishment).
read Gilda Radner's, always one of my faves.
I AM GOIONG SHOPPING ONLINE AMERICAN EAGLE YAY!!!!!!!!!
RT : "An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind." -Gandhi
I may have to catch that.
I think I saw a little something something with that race car driver...
To get what you really want, you must say 'NO' to what you don't want.
that table moving gave me goose bumps head to toe, I would of about wet myself too! #longislandmedium I want to meet with!
Check out the new restaurant at MCI- www.tuyomiami.com
I should be asleep :o
Damn girl that was like 3 hours ago
Hi Shane, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
the stories I could tell! Or mom is dating weird Wayne... Or how bout Harry and hortense at hormone high.
Bout To Shower, Then Hit The Sack , Work In The A.M , Night ! :)
I Have So Many Things Running Through My Mind...
your tweets make me sad
u have written several songs & recorded them but is there any songs u have written u decided not 2 record 4 whatever reason?? XO
Troubling news out of Fort Hood. NYT: "Seven Dead and 20 Injured in Shootings at Texas Base"
Aint that the truth hahah Word!
participating in a virtual conference on marketing at #mpworld where Tina Brown of the Daily Beast presented on key marketing points.
DTurrentine, SMendez, and TBeck are at a T/TA meeting w/ OCS, RPICs, and other #CommunityAction national partners in DC this morning
are you there? I need to confirm tomorrow's pickup time.
Double charging my hotel to my debit card. #y'allgonmakemelosemymind
Watching recap of
and now, Peter Senge & Ben Packard (Starbucks)!
Now I have 7 dollies on their way to me. 1 from eBay, 1 from WI, and 5 from y'all. So much for 'no dolls until after Christmas!'
Wow.. Switched at Birth..... Thats all i can say.
I'd say #PubPutt2012 is more regalia.
The boys gave 100% and left it all on the rink. Can't ask for more. Next year.
Happy Anniversary! How are you celebrating?
oh lol thank you!! I had no idea! :) miss you dragon!!
I really don't think those colors flatter Jeremy's palette
you like it when it gets in your mouth.
Changed the IP address... something I learned how to do today
#JamieOliver potato salad with salmon and creme fraiche for dinner. Superb.
Vegas can definitely get a bad rap. But we're based here & have some fantastic artists on our team :)
Great idea! RT : Revisiting the idea of 3 pts for 60-min win, an idea espoused by Steve Yzerman
pretty sure that this was meant as an ironic statement, no?
Had a nightmare with my ex in it last night
thumb is still twitching
There are few more delightful smells than fresh cut grass
It may be time to cut the cable
i heard is co-hosting 106 and park. i am so gonna record that. of course, they are gonna do great :)
#PlatformBook shouts to fellow team members previewing the forthcoming book!
2 wins down, one to go! Leave it all on the field!
Just spent six months going 'round and 'riund with a vendor, who keeps giving me the same quote no matter how I change the scope!
RT U R not democratic U C this?
Never get tired of rocking Sevendust's "Seasons" That's one BAMF! #kudos sir!
Welcome to the consensus hub
The return of my birthday, if I remember it, fills me with thoughts which it seems to be the general care of humanity to escape.
WOD: Subsumed : Learned watching a Yale course... Yale is offering Free Open Courses
"sometimes i feel so nice, i jump back i wanna kiss myself... I got Soul.... and i'm Super Bad".
I have a feeling today is going to be slow and painful.
Stupid mouth.. #ouch!
email me the information and I'll be there babes...
Please send me your email address!!
Social media, SEM & SEO are not skills you can learn is a school or a book. You have to have actual e-xperience in the real wwworld.
okee dokee. I am still trying to maybe come by for the tailgate Saturday
Today 1954: Henry "Hammerin Hank" Aaron hit his first career home run with the Milwaukee Braves. He finished his career with 755 home runs.
Pullin out all 75 pairs of Ralph Lauren shorts. You probably wish you had this many....
Feeling Blah!
boyer always stirs it up when these schools play each other.
I can safely say that was the best recovery from a kitchen mistake that I've ever made. Recipe from went off the rails!
pick your poison at LAX tonight. Counter to the shuttle driver. Terrible w/ a capital T. Lost all future business for a mere $20
Have you flossed today??
Thanks for the #FF!
rick schroeder was in JAWS2, but the og director was fired. Poor Rick!
Join The Lime Lite!
Canes losing to USF. Silly Miami. It's All about FIU
not even remotely close on the bustout hand, gg wp
I need RBIs
Game 1 of Cal Berkeley Football season tickets!!! Go Bears!!
thanks fam. likewise
Once you do me wrong more than once, I just completely lead you out of my life.
Ngata classic ravens! Drafts great defensive player than sign them long term.
2 - $3300 PPC Aruba ME seats in the satellite prize pool tonight. Thanks to all players that participated
it's because we didn't appreciate the "show-me" state enough. Now it's showing us!
Well it sure got cooler down in ATX, when you get back..
Work is over. That means it's HIGHLIGHTER PARTY TIME!
Happy viet/chinese new year bitches!
Thank you! It took me a bit to figure out what "neutral" was going to look like. lol
I was mainly saying I don't like children because they make loud, annoying noises. But, that works, too. :P
One last weekend of my play, then three weeks to focus on finishing the semester strong. I feel confident.
HOW FUNNY WAS LAST NIGHT??? Everyone remember to follow purely because of the jackets. Tell them Gareth sent you and get NIL!
you went to the show?
"Nothing tastes more bitter than the truth." ~
How so? RT : GrubHub is changing the way I view D.C
Thanks!!! We try!
someday you will see a letter leads me back to you.
awhs, i have mean teachers for 8th grade.
Thank you! Counting down the days!
Not Thinking Bout Nothing Else
When your so tired you can't keep your eyes open.
probably 1145ish, but I have speech after until 130
Yes I do.<U+E40E>
One word my friends , sunscreen. LOL...
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! :D
Twitter, that means of mini blogging and diminutive journaling and microscopic memoir-writing is a cure for
What you project into the world comes right back at you. Smile at everyone you pass and think "There goes someone GREAT"
Why havent I talked to in all these weeks? Whats really goin on bruh bruh?
in some of her pictures ugh lol just look like it aha
Doing some research on the Creole language of Haiti for faculty member
OMG YESS ! ESPECIALLY ON MONDAYS!!! 19
Humber has to be proud, but he didn't even try for the 28th out like Galaraga did.
Big shift in Seattle weather. Sea planes are taking off from other end of the Lake Union.
Love the futuristic look!!;)
girls are so fucking annoying.
Happy to be doing an English to Chinese translation for CPI.
Follow me bieber fans! Let me know when you follow me, I'll follow you back!
Make the short trip to Winston-Salem to see Reynolda House, the historic mansion of RJ Reynolds.
I cant wait until christmas & new years!(:
sitting on my floor, doing chemistry, listening to put em up by which makes balancing equations a little more bearable
my______is doing the most...
Merry Happy Everything to Everyone!
- whatsssss homie - that song is on repeat on every station - lol..
yes! Running around w a bunch of miscreants until Sunday.
The fact that I just saw just made my day! Love that girl !! Go cats
There is a beautiful parallelism between the condition of woman in her domestic life and the character of a nation. (1850)
A hippo can open its mouth wide enough to fit a 4 foot tall child inside. Note to self keep children away from the hippos at the Zoo :)
LOL Smells Yeh But I Think If You Stay Away From the Stereotypical Black Dudes You'll Be Fine
Another earthquake!
Howcome when british people sing, they dont sound british anymore ??
I can't help you fix yourself, but atleast I can say I tried I'm sorry but I gotta move on with my own life.
didn't you say last one like 3 tweets ago? Lol And that's all Ed
Yes, the blonde one is the Irish one :) His name is Niall James Horan :)
Ugly chicks that send follow requests 34958345934095843095835 times <<<<
I'm sad to say I go a school that plays the glee soundtrack in it's book store.
my friend knows this girl who was getting eaten out by three guys and they shoved skittles in her cunt to go in and find but they missed one
What it do twitter fam! Hope you all have a great day!
lol as you should
Williams Paint Recycling also has 1 gallon of "Flamingo" paint for sale $6. If interested give us a call 404-997-8011.
Just landed , finally home !!!!
Ok - Truth - how many cups of coffee do you need to get going today? :-)
Jorge! You're the one with 27!? That was supposed to be mine.
I'm not sure we needed that rain delay, but there's a delay in heat. Let's see if the tarp crew can roll that out.
amen!! Can we just go back to school? I'm over summer.
What do we want visitors to *feel*? What pointless functionality can we nix? Qs to ask re mobile
RT "All our dreams can come true,i f we have the courage to pursue them" - Walt Disney
yea i do
I can't stop listening to the NYE soundtrack. Growing up w Jon on cassette, it only substantiates my fondness for him & his music.
You cuffed her for a moment but she gone have my name in her mouth forever
Tick tock, tick tock can this day just hurry up!
Super late! “ Ok. Finally on twitter. Extremely delayed... but I made it.”
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. Thomas A. Edison
Im Finna Try Ma Best 2 Leave
Happy Birthday hope you have a great one!
“: seriously, if you aren't turned onto or by this band, you might be fucked. #justsayin” <-- Thanks man!!
Many congrats. Is this your first grandchild?
Good thing in the city you can hardly see a bright star for miles RT : For every bright light there is a broken heart
Give us your gut feeling: Is today going to be a good day or a bad day?
word up, hey, word up, hey, word up, hey.......forealdoe!!!
Kicking off the 2011 MAGPI Fellows Program today!
Love when my children...both on the same day...are kind to me in word and deed. #winning #parenting Cuz we all know it can turn on a dime.
oh u don't have an iPhone----sorry!!! Yikes!!! Lol they're thumbs up!!!!
I hope there are creative and painful tortures in Hell for people who make fun of Christ lol
Niggas tryna bring back braids and Reeboks, this world gotta be coming to an end
***Sunday is Mother's day! Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms!***
In conflict with Obama speech, WTMJ (Milwaukee) will show #packers game
Bachmann tells AP she'll seek 4th term in Congress.
congrats on what you've done!
Just touchdown back in the (CA) Bay area, waiting on my bros' flights to make it in.
Yeah I seen that. Where was Clem?
cool photo!
It's so fun to watch the mama duck and her babies in our pond.
OMG i just herd it too!! o_O
Idiots who think that when tweeted "lying naked on the floor." he wasnt tweeting lyrics to a 1D song.
I&#39;m a little hungry today hm.... What to eat &lt;3
UGH THERES SO MANY BEAUTIFUL BABIES IN MY FAMILY AND I STILL HAVE NONE
i'll take it
ok... Thanks
I frequently encounter cfscripting import statements to not work & I have to revert to the full CFC package name. Any hints?
I look in the mirror, that's my competition Then I talk to myself, myself said, "What?" I said "You a ill nigga, roll a blunt up"!
thanks! I was trying to describe it to Colin & realized he just needed to taste it himself. do you recommend a brandy/cognac?
last day of the tour with man i'm gonna miss these guys//grt seeing u at catwest! need to show u that video still!
You keep it well concealed.
If you need beats, studio time, features, ect. Halla @ ya boy! Exclusives only! Fuck soundclick!
Bro! We are following you! Sorry we don't check out twitter as much as we should. <3
thank you!!
we think so, too! Getting more & more excited. Thanks so much for the follow, Brian - definitely hope we see more of you!
huh? I was simply saying you should apply to be in that show...you'll just have to obey the law
We are playing a house party 745. 911 e 2nd
"flaming"--Are you referring to the fires of Hell?
I'll try that next time!
It doesn't matter what the question is, love is always the answer.
OH: "Let us fly from the city that the lumber industry nursed and fondled..."
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Wednesday Fish Fry and a free second topping on a 14" pizza
love the coat.. Maybe some color in an accessory would be good
Cleveland Parkers take note, new bakery is on Twitter.
I can't wait to hear this story
Serious New Mexican breakfast cravings going on this morning.
Congrats on the Football Writers All-American selection.
Nuh uh!! I definitely am! :) and no it's only gonna be me :(
NO. THEY CAN'T BE COUSINS. THEY HAVE TO GET MARRIED. WTF.
GOT WORK
bye bye...and hello,lol
Figured out a tattoo that I want, now to figure out where on my body to get it.
sis do you have gmail
#ArabicMusic News - #Lebanon: Pop star Diana Haddad completed the music video (video clip) for her new single Wedy Haki.
Why am i not sleeping? Maybe i should pull a deefizzy, i dont really have to do anything tomorrow.
I sure do, that is the best time to figure out what you need drop me an email
So done with school for the day
One thing I will say though, about the SC shooting: 27th and Raymond is way on the edge of what is considered the USC neighborhood.
Cheering for LA is asking alot. If it comes down to those two teams, it'll be exciting but I'm not anticipating it.
My wife's maiden name is Bondi. Someday...somehow...we're making a trek to Bondi Beach just to get a t-shirt!
bop when is your next magazine?
Definitely. I wanted to start off with healthcare PR but I think I will try my hand at an agency first now.
God of Carnage is an awesome play.
#ReplaceFilmsTitlesWithVagina Vagina On A Hot Tin Roof
Many dicks are jokes.
we loved it too!
D.W. If Jeff Gordon crashed at T.M.S with wing instead of the spoiler on the back of the car. would Jeff or anyone else end up on their roof
where can I get some sweet pint coupons? :-)
You the Yan now, dog? RT : Congratulations to Yan Gomes for becoming the all-time Brazilian hits leader.
lop, oh no. im goin on a shoppin spree this week.
They playing my nigga music on nationally televised sitcoms. Hell yeah fuckin' right.
Neat bumper
Twitter says in my "Similar to You" section I'm like Twitter, you've obviously never SEEN my stand up.
That kinda stuff would happen to me man
Happy birthday !!
You may not love me
you are not on the first and largest, if you do contact me@
Goodmorning :) I just wanna relive last night for the rest of my life :D
can you do something about your targeting? It's a bit off. ;)
At Target in Bloomington, 200 to 300 people in line at 10:30 p.m.
Final score: Fort Bend Travis - 85, Warren - 72. We are proud of you, Warriors!
Welcome to FRIDAY!
Miller Park needs somebody like so I can tweet requests, like "Call Me Maybe"
Congrats on your aware! Whatever it is, since won't tell me!
WPA member artist Mei Mei Chang is featured in "The Painting Imperative" after Erin Treacy saw her work at the WPA booth at (e)merge!...
so happy i wanna cry! Feels like all the chasters all over the world won tonight..slime for everybody!!!!
are the #jets fielding a football team or the cover of tigerbeat?
getting all gangsta lately
Post some shirtless pics and then all of the thirsty women and gay men will follow you...that is how it works for most...lol
hello tweeps! remember that time you had nothing to do on a friday night? no? is that b/c its tomorrow that you have nothing to do? (cont)
have you ever been to Kingwood Center? Thinking about doing a day trip there Sat to see the blooms. I think it's up your way.
Who wanna have my baby
Hopefully, she will come around soon.
Allegro Dance Company will be touring their new show AVANTI --Jan 17th Akron Ohio Civic Theatre --we will be there!
#AD4MH is an amazing cause!! Thank you Melter for the invite. A great resource for
Nice tattoos on your neck. Good luck getting a job.
Cru De Gra was fun last night! Let's pack it next week everybody! Congratulations to The Fall Of Catalina for winning the first night!
i not sure i can handle a whole board but willing to try
What's the one lyric you wish you'd written?
$50 bucks for simply doing my job? Thanks !
iPhone auto-correct just saved my ass.
lol. Your suggestion is noted. :)
roadtrip to idaho
I wish I had seen this before grocery shopping!!
…cont) selfish on this one ;)
RT : LOVING you all....your sparkle in our #SmGirlfriends makes me smile! Hit RT if you feel the same!
Just picked up some free moving boxes from a curb that we found listed on Craigslist...
I really miss soccer!
Show this Friday at the Second Chance Saloon in Columbia, MD and appearance on FreshTV this Saturday.
Anyone up for a boycott of all stores that start playing Christmas music before Thanksgiving?
Optimism is essential to achievement and it is also the foundation of courage and of true progress. Nicholas Murray Butler
Smilers always help to others Smilers :D
The Big Universe
Nothing can get any better than my favorite ginger and my favorite curly haired boy tweeting each other.
the older you get and with the more people you lose, the holidays will continue to be harder every year..
Will what is happening in #libya also start happening in Wisconsin?
Re: Telling military suicide stories. The military suicide rate is no longer lower than the civilian rate
MoMo is coming to Atl...be on the look out
I'll be salty if I didn't >.>
It's Happy Hour at Rosemary's! Come in and enjoy a delicious beverage at the bar!
Ha what's the capital of South Dakota ? RT: Everyone has that one friend that has absolutely no concept of geography
Trading in some shitty/old games for Tales Of Graces F tonight. RPG time is killing my Marvel game >:(
Man! Its kinda brick outside in the nyc!
yuck on the cold. Did you recommit?
I am not having a happy day having a realy bad hair day how is you're hair today is it worth it
Going to get my nails done!:)
RT Solid suggestions! Also if $ is an issue, street vendors have legit fruit/vegetable options. Prepping ahead of time is key!
YAY. Got a new client today for another WP site. You have GOT to love word press. We're not just a blog anymore.
The Boston Globe has a best selling boom on weather. Only in New England.
That is very true coach.
Aw, is that your doggie? Super cute! I just want to hug him... her?
Whoops! Meant to ask you what you're writing? That's a lot of words!
**welcoming new beginnings**
It's a crazy day but I love these days. Better to be busy then trying to find stuff.
Thanks for helping us spread the word today, Melinda! Happy #GiveBIG day!
All I want to see is Mayweather vs Pacquio!!!
If you ask someone out through text & break up with them through text too there's something wrong with you
When blessing's come down, praises gotta go up.
Verge will be making artist announcements at the end of April, so check back! Vergemusicfestival.com
okay Jessica!
Does anyone have spare gmail account?
Your not on the radio anymore are you? I missed it! #salty -_-
LOL! RT : I was almost #verified. As Reginald VelJohnson from 'Family Matters.'
i'll post my spicy pics on twitter so if your not following bummer
party got busted and and i literally had to out run the cops.
Some days, all I think about are food trucks.
We're gonna make it POUR! RT holy crap, a diamond? you guys are
Define GREAT.
But I had already bought my property on the moon! Now what am I suppose to do ?
can you give me the link to the today show? I can't seem to get to it. Thanks!
bad link
Yep I go back to school soon, so photos will take a back seat. I almost enrolled to get a degree in photography, but didn't
(cont) please contact via message if possible; your time is greatly appreciated!
Happy birthday to Basij-Rasikh, Youth LINKS Afghan project manager!
Let's face it. A Hot Mess is really just a Mess with nice breasts
I can help you.
thanks Man! LOL
I love who you play on a.n.t farm because I think that you are so funny!!!!!
Hey would you leave your sister alone please? Not only is she in church, she's WORKING in church. BTW, didn't see you here.
LOVE IT :)
Rockin a cancer benefit show tonight at Priors Tap and Tavern! Caste Village be there!
And greetings to you as well! Are you getting pounded with rain like we are here in Los Angeles?
"[The women] told how much they appriciate the bulbs you give them. They said no to #kerosene." -Our friend Agnes Turanta in
He looks good for 34. ": Happy anniversary to the #PhilliePhanatic! Our favorite mascot made his debut on April 25, 1978."
really like Doug Collins. Seems like all class. Good man.
We are looking for Global Elements
pool open?
RT : I don't expect anything from anybody....just ask that you be real. Sadly that's the hardest thing for ppl to do!
It feels like Satan is breathing directly in my room, it's so fucking hot in here.
Sorry, brain and typing fingers disconnected in last tweet. Floria Lasky was an arts *lawyer*, of course
Another great NETSL conference. Loved the chocolate pretzels!
Question: if I sell my BMW X6 what kind of vehicle should i get?
Pacers finished with 4 wins less than Heat, but Pacers didn't get 4 automatic wins versus the Bobcats either like Heat.
I'm just wondering what the longitudinal fallout will be for individuals in this industry when technology changes...again...
Hey, if y'all wanna stay dry, go to Facebook. Ain't nothin goin on over there lol
RT : "Most enterprise apps still look like clunky web apps." - enterprise app panel @
So delighted to meet and catch up with at #CampaignTech today!
There are always more than 2 sides to every #Story & since I'm MR.STORY...Jonathan (Government) & J-Story (Stage) isn't enuff
Limestone County man faces judge in dog burning case
the blonde girl sitting on the left of me
DM Me. I Wanna Talk To U About Shit I Cant Say On Twitter. U Still Got My Number?
I need to make sure I don't drunk facebook anymore..
Will do, thanks!
Safe travels to the US of A ! The dairyland (and Georgie) awaits you!
Patio open! Happy Hour at 3 today! PLEASE NOTE THAT TWILIGHT WILL BE CLOSED ON THE 4TH OF JULY. Plan your drinking/eating accordingly.
If you are a #personaltrainer or #groupX instructor who knows about #diastasis, please @ mention me for info about a directory I'm building.
If you don't know me..here's a opportunity to get to know me.
I'm not - you should get at me for some beats
..b4 corporations!!
Just got done shopping with the band in Philly. Got some new apparel to rock on stage. (:
Say hi to my bro David Papineau in Tioga. I voted for you in Florida and pray you are
People hate on you because deep down they wish they was where you're at in life but just can't seem to figure out how to get there!
#lockout or #CabinInTheWoods this weekend???
no- continents away. But I sure checked. And prayed. Now praying for Mexico.
We've came to far to throw it all away
agree - I think it's more important for information to be verifiable than for the author to be verified.
#Milwaukee Fire officials say a possible 1 year old little girl has died in apartment fire at MLK and Wright.
S/O To All My Followers
this new science teacher..
Can you guess what the carousel horse is worth? You can win some tickets to Il Divo. Use #kcpt with your guess so we can find it.
RT : Old enough to kno better... Young enough to not give a fuk
don't tell me what to do.
Im contemplating something at the current moment
Rick Scott just appointed a 1% banker to the County Commission. Another out of touch move by an out of touch governor.
Happy hour for the rest of the nite Jenga party. Corndogs. I friggin' love mondays.
im definatly ready for the lady in black ... my question is why everyone hates danica i think she is awesome
RT if you think im funny, if not continue scrolling, ill roast you later.
: if you aren't following this yet you should be!: RT Goodness, it's gone gin o'clock.
Not if it's about Yuni RT Would you be upset if I tweeted something kinda mean?
Corey and I are sitting next to some old guy in the park and we can’t tell if he’s sleeping or…”sleeping forever”...
I see the fear of tomorrow in so many people's lives; they aren't focused on the miracle of today & what can be done in it. Today is His.
its hot , finna go get my haircut
I just checked out the FarXFarout venue. It is so sick. Come check out #FarXFarout during
Thanks for the follow :))
We have a bumper sticker here that says: "Content Over Bandwidth." It's as relevant today as it was 20 years ago, when we wrote it.
Hopefully he does well for y'all. Seemed to be a consensus WTF? when they released him here.
Common sense is slowly declining for most people
Today just might be the perfect golfing weather...CHYEAH
when is everyone coming to visit?
drill baby drill !
Watching an old bob dole Pepsi ad, r u the Pepsi pharmacist?
Is "one less thing to do" even grammatically correct? One fewer thing to do? Internet, why aren't you helping me???
Stanton Moore comming on in an hour. Hell yea!!!
Hello there cutie! Thanks for the follow! I followed back. You are my first ferret! too cute!!!
Happy to see more builders using our CMS integration!
1 for the record books! Nats, Caps and O's all won today!!!!!!
Let's go
CUPCAKE EVENT TODAY!!! Classy Girl Cupcakes will be in our lobby 11:30-1:30 with cupcake samples and cupcakes to buy. So Yummy! Stop by!
My boyfriends mom is the best !
Marylanders: I'll be taking recyclable textiles to the facility in Gaithersburg at the end of the month if anyone wants to join me!
The #DesignProLunch #Dallas Twitter list has been updated with today's newbies. We're up to 50! /design-pro-lunch-dallas-2
Leaving school to go to the dentist!
I'll be sure to tweet the journey so you can enjoy vicariously!
Good morning folks have a bless day
Get off ur high horse shawty u ain't all that
lol. You can have him for now. I gotta concentrate on this music. But yea they really humble too!
De nada. I look forward to the article.
I don't need quarters to do dishes. No contest! But yes, Pyraat is super nom.
Yu with some top speed live
I love Orange juice
No U Sound Constipated
bless u!
haha, I'm not trying to talk smack. Because I'm sure the DBacks will get swept at some point
ur welcome cody please makr me happy and retweet me or contact me
yeah for sure, dm your email so i can send you some stuff
fuckin cotton mouth
Thanks Lexy! RT : have a safe flight and fun in Miami!!! ;)
Epic battle seen happening right now.
Ryan gosling >>>
Looking for LGBT/Allied webisodes, vlogs, event coverage, interviews, media for global broadcasting. Contact me!!!
I know. I was mistaken. Thought he traded back.
I finally found my phone
these niggas be trippin me out,whenever they get to doing bad and start forgetting about all the shit a nigga lend em
i cant take the suspence!!
I grind cause that's what im good at
Just want this day to be over
I have a feeling im going to be up all night #wideawake <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
GET.A.LIFE. Jkkkk(; I'm still upset from earlier! Hahahhaa (:
In carpet fibers and other applications, wool's texture and resilience enable it to recover well from crushing and resist soiling.
THANK YOU Lietenant Jim Olschlager and Sergeant Scott Martin with the Nevada Highway Patrol! Had a great time with you guys, ystrdy! U ROCK!
you coming to ny this week its my 21st bday would be cool to meet you!
The opposite of rejection--my story has found a home.
so i type it in the recipients box! Right? Lol
This football game is so boring
is austin done?
Creative Pros: our daily routines keep us from big ideas at times. Use other people's stories/art/songs to gain new perspective easily.
u da man. Glad you are well!
Dog + empty cereal box = Confetti
Did he say 'hope we sell out Pauley'? Don't they only seat like 7OOO?
I still can't believe it has zero support for anything sports-related. seems like a very easy, useful thing.
HEY! WHATS UP!?
I usually don't feel tired the next day when I have insomnia. But today I'm beat. Going to the gym to try to work thru this.
Thanks much for the kind words, Rebecca :) So glad others enjoyed it as much as I have #TRMA585 (and ditto on learning)
ghetto fabalous is my middle name yo
about 'a year of buying American/organic/from Black owned businesses only'
oh my god CAN I BE YOU
You are only as strong as the sum of all your parts! Don't forget about your legs, cuz when you are 80 you won't be walking on your hands.
got me a pink vest and tie for prom haha.
when people don't know you're cool, you get unfiltered feedback
You play a great game.
When you gonna release "They Keep Telling Me To Run" produced by
Its my destiny
Indy gonna trick it up
for sm reason im atracted to yhu n i wnt to see how u realy look if my boyfriend see dis he goin be mad
Man, I love me some Dokken. And I don't care that is public knowledge, Just sayin'
Forever alone
"twitter is not that different from the proverbial cocktail party"- aka shameless self-promotion will get you nowhere
hahaha yes! Off to the beach!
My head's about to explode
Can't wait for and in their High School movie;)
best thing that could happen to his career and credibility.
Hairdresser's nipple; it's a real thing.
Searching for a bedbug.
RT : Alaska has a Little Rock too? <--- LOL. Guess I wasn't good at geography in school.
Maybe I'm too picky....
Student on campus today wearing two different pieces of gray suit. I want to tell him to take the jacket off.
send me the link jessica :)
Important Tips in Creating a Fan Page on Facebook
my friend does that!!
yes I'm afraid this is just not their series. So much 4 every1 wanting this team in rd 1
Girls go wild
I thought that only let you mute people.
Re Last tweet "so many opportunities that, unless we make some hard choices, we spread ourselves too thin and don’t have the impact we want"
It's just this random pose that a bunch of people on facebook are doing, then taking pics of it.
Time for ! GO BLUE!
We&#39;ve Been Framed! | | Pinnacle Animal ... - Pinnacle Animal Hospital
lol, that is a good thing...but still, props for your dedication/being in the library on a Sunday afternoon!
Call on Wednesday! RT i wish you were open, me and want milkshakes so bad !
Wish I could go to bed and never wake up.
Very nice weekend here. Hope yours was too.
Thanks to new followers ;-)
Working downtown >>>>>>
#BarnesandNoble in #CoralSprings can #suckit...and the manager on duty today should be
Thanks -not interesting enough for boys?
DeMaio says he will also hold ConVis accountable.
Back for Round 2 at
follow back ?
Can't blame Jack Z for not giving Fielder a 9 year, 215 million dollar deal. Scott Boras wins again.
I'm up for a Winterhawks game as part of the fall or winter BOA meeting. Up for a group adventure?
- CNT wait to see you if plans haven't changed
you okay?
Haha. Thx. You too. Talk soon.
It's almost show time! Make sure you have bought your tickets!
My boys won their game and are now 1 - 1. Syracuse won their first game and are 1 - 0. GOOD TIMES !
People taking full advantage of this 80 degree weather. I see people have EVERY window down just because. Lol.
#Southpark had an amazing take on the NCAA last night. 'If they get paid, how do we make all our money????'
i try all types of piercings .. i want my jaws now hell .
I am a part of all I have read.
good call. , the Meatball Shop is great too.
Great road win tonight, tremendous effort from our guys! Everyone who played contributed.
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune.-Jim Rohn
Justin Jones a 6'6 SG from Edmond Santa Fe is plan on attending Peru State University in the fall. Congrats to Coach Katen
Henderson Nevada Pub Lib I believe (that's what the Polaris rep told me, but I haven't confirmed myself)
"The best of intentions are no substitute for the resources our schools need." at State Assembly hearing.
Off work early, so putting in work on the latest melodic recipes.
miss you girl! Hope you're having fun :)
Shoutout to my new followers thanks guys! Love ya<3
Free in NYC tonite? Beat the heat, see Dick Cavett live at Ethical Culture Society, tics at the door. Socrates in the City event.
dylan just has my heart. gosh, he's perfect. i love you.
It was a long stressful day. Thought about quitting... but I came to my senses.
Few things are more satisfying than seeing your children have teenagers of their own. - Doug Larson
Taco bell is nothing!U gtgo to hard rock and have the 10oz burger to measure up- Donethat fries&shake
Interesting how often u see "miracle" applied to a scientific advance. 'You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think.'
I just don&#39;t have the strength right now.
That was a good reunion
Then, swipe right 2x to reveal the AirPlay button. Tap, and select your TV. As long as your TV is set up, that should do it!
Writing the vocal melody harmonies and chorus was so much fun. I look forward to channeling the rest of the comps:)
Got invited to go boating this weekend..
RT : T2: I think the skepticism comes when an individuals info HASNT been shared w/appropriate providers.
does this eliminate the possibility of orality as a "form" of writing? I'm thinking of AfAm rhet principle nommo...
Hm, not sure. It's so it's not downloading, I think it's live streaming. Thanks Natalie.
Happy hump day!
Ill blog about the whole fiasco tomorrow. It is a classic #business case in total lack of customer focused culture.
m let me try them on
This is coming soon
oh ok did u was it weird where u like hey she does come here
I will, goodnight (:
Twitter -vs- Facebook. Hm... Not sure which is better, i suppose they both suck!!
Happy Friday Ladies and Gents .... did you know all purchases on our tees will provide a 10% donation to a charity? That you will choose!
Ha! That shaving cream demo is messy!
Love Has No Gender
guess wat!! 4 my 17th birthday in less then 3 months im getting a half sleeve of the lyrics to savior :) u guys r amazing <3
I'm Completely Done Pushing Something That Will Never Happen. All You Can Do Is Try.
probably not... gross. #that'stoomuchmilk
Going to be hard to get over this 1
I finally took the time to listen to you guys... I'm in love.
Oh my god all time low is goin on tour with the ready set. But they aint comin to vegas. GAY
I know people are conflicted about Quick but the baking scene from S1 always reaffirms that I can ship them.
Black Duck Software Reports Strongest First Quarter In Company History
Me too.
Dwight Howard you're a little fucking bitch!
It was a close overtime loss...just makes it more exciting it's a 3 game series now
when your phone is being a cock blocker
and if you don't 'think well', people do your thinking for you...Critical Thinking 101
hahaha the carter three is still his best album.
OH MAN. KOTSAY.
What does one do when stuck in Lake County? Go on pinterest and make every chocolate thing they have to offer!!!
Thanks to for the follow! Oh, by the way they do a great job.
Why don't i see it on ub?
is looking forward to starting work on new SAG news/sketch comedy web series w/ my wife , "Patriots N Porridge, on Monday"
Wx models agree looks like a swath of 4-8" across much of immediate area (WI). Winter Storm Warnings in effect. Drive safely, friends!
I think it has something to do with their stance on evolution
What do u mean?!?!
CJ, perhaps you should give them away as gifts to your staff as advertising ;-)
when u get to la... try the medical buds..... Thats my professional therapist advice!
because of Disney
Buy One, Get One 50% Off all major Sports Brands! Gaspari, GNC Beyond Raw, Force Factor, Rivalus, MuscleTech, and tons of other brands!
We understand! There are always cupcakes or cookies in the break room at our office. Send some #willpower our way!
yup. Gonna be a long week before I head out to Dallas...
I'm interested to hear how the Ekirch book reads.
going to watch some movie with Colin Farrel.Not a big fan.
all right, byee
Winds of plague tee Jose gave me today >
what you doing for your birthday ?
what is the line? Good thinking
Nah, so many play it and so many new players are joining that you'll be fine.
At this time our uplink provider seems to have identified and resolved the issues. Our Systems Team will continue to monitor the network^CS
all is well main. just hitting it hard.
fiesta friday tonite !!! with and !!!
I'm willing to make you an offer of taking over your account and making it like-able, do you accept?
lol shit I was shooting good yesterday
The backpacker / travel scene seems analogous to artists as front lines for gentrification - paving the way for what will surely come...
In Chicago this week spending time w my daughter. R&R! Looking forward to Weird Chicago tour & music Chicago tonight
Rock the River Spring Festival 11-3
I believe that was called Every Single One Of Them. You mean the one with the nonthreatening cute guy and the impy girl, right?
I feel guilty taking out the trash for pickup today. And it's not even recycle day.
- You Be Watchenn The Good Movieess (= Whats This One Called.?
this is why I am 100% certain you are magical we must discuss when you get back. <3 (and do come back soon)
there was a notre dame presentation? omg!!!
Way to Go Broncos...Great game
hey there! Things are good - you?? Come visit us.
Been a busy week for Re-Heat and Eat BBQ. Thank you to all of our customers! If you haven't tried them yet give us a holler!
"#iwishihadsaid NO to that 1st cigarette" - This you? 90% of adult smokers started as teens. #quitsmoking cc:
": Back to breaking bad! :)" I just started it, S1:E2!!
omg why?
X2 RT : Congrats for launching your twitter account for #malariaday!
Beautiful Sunday in San Diego!
Still wondering what to get your hot car for Christmas? Something shiny or better yet Matte Black? Let Metro Wrapz help you pick. Call us.
HA, okay. -____-
Arrington, no class, Sean Lee, enough class for both of them, Fight on State!!!!!
!!!!!! if you want a new follow go follow
My day won't be complete unless I get carne asada fries.
Thanks for the shout-out! Safe travels home! :)
End of the top of the 2nd, OLLU leads Texas College 3 - 0.
Going to start a new contest give away tomorrow!
At 4PM, #OldeTownStadium will be showing: 'A Night on Walcrust' , 'Nobody But Her' & 'An Evening With My Comatose Mother'!
Whats more exciting than seeing the shuttle 2day? Excited kids watching it-swarming like curious bees screaming w/ excitement
i would imagine that they eventually will. i think with verizon contracts and such for android it may take some time. but who knows
No bullshit son I am DEAD
Know what's great? Never having a credit card. No debt! Know what's awful when trying to find a good rental? Not having any credit.
Nothing sucks more than having to live in a shadow that you can never overcome.
ridin so luxurious i got my shades up every1 observin us my sneaks are laced up im blazed up leanin off da liqour in my cup,
The fact that I just probably failed that test and could really care less shows that it's the end of the semester...
Thats why i dont like neither on of them lil itches
please come to chicago <3
RT One random person who RT’s this wins a free set of ICON Wiper Blades! Winner picked on 11/14.
|._~.! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
My pain, I'm so tired of this pain! Idk what to do!
me too!!! Amanda Seyfried for Ana perhaps?
RT : Hard to find the words. The Beastie's have been such a huge part of the soundtrack of our lives.
every Wednesday
We'll be at #Dublin Square Irish Pub in East Lansing Sat night (8/27) passing out FREE samples of Closing Time!
I know what is wrong with the world? I miss working with you :-(
#Starbucks = life saver
I have a list you can start on - if you get bored!
It has been 8 years since I had transferred to Eastern Michigan University from WC3D and OCC and I had a very hard time ever since.
Satan called. He wants his weather back.
Things I cant un-know LOL
Back from DC and ready for Christmas decorations. Need to go on a diet soon! Girls will be back from school in 3 weeks!
I feel like a dope ^.^ I just realized you guys have another twitter=)
no lie..twenty 100 yard sprints, jump squats & hoops on a post leg & glute training day has kicked my butt! Tired girl & glutes hurt good <3
Reconnecting/connecting with your spiritual self is essential for peace in your life!
Social Media Intern...I'm stoked to have a title.
Sorry, but my family time with Shabbat services.
what up...
What about Joseph and the Amazing Techniolor Dreamcoat? One of my all time favorite musicals!
I need just 4 more followers until I give away a free handmade bath product from my website! Help me get to 50 followers! Please RT!!
Remind me to buy a private jet so I can avoid commercial air travel from here on out
The event is kicking off.
¡Angelus Orbicularium Spiritus! Sacred book of #angels or high #technology?
I had a really good idea for this essay until I remembered that we can't use the US as an example. Sigh
Absolutely! DM us a contact email. We should work together for ALL trips, not just SD.
*shakes fist* women!
Do not swim with the tide, do not swim against the current - swim wherever you over
# HATERZ are like ANTS. They're EVERYWHERE and they're way more AFRAID of YOU than YOU should be of THEM... Happy Monday!
I really like the sound of your name
Connect Teens thru Reading Event/ Encourage Reading to 21st Century Social Readers/ Make a Splash:But Document it with Data! /Guy/Girl Reads
I feel bad for who ever is going to be my college roommate in a year, only a hand full of people can stand my vibrate lapses of insanity
Well, thats a wrap on week 3! Had a blast shooting a bunch of our outdoor scenes today with some extremely funny people!
went from one customer one product to almost 30 customers and three products in 2 years!
We're Mobile...Download our FREE IPhone App or IPad App Now From The ITunes Store! Stay connected to MaryOnTheSquare.
trying clear her head from all the drama this weekend.
you're super tight ;)
Things that we need as humans 2 survive are same as those components that games need 2 be good. There's something in that.
#vtxeln getting ready to tweet some election night coverage
One of the big positives of working at a startup is that you get to hear, "Wow, you look like shit," a lot.
Good morning Eric. The sun is shining. Can't wait to get out. Have a good one my friend.
Congrats to this week's recipient of #WinningtheCustomer courtesy of
Spacey killing Clinton... "I love theater."
don't forget rush limbaugh
We finished our 8 week salsa course today. It's always great to see the students move up to the next level. So proud!
Still painting citifield-inside the park there are so many signs and billboards to paint on the ball!
#BestFriend! #IMISSYOUSOMUCH! Where have you been?! I'm worried sick! How's Nanda and her sis?
RT : reminder: Every action you take as well as your business sends a message to people!
Monday Night Raw episode 1000 is coming.
Happy, happy 3rd Birthday, ! Thank you for bringing your fabulous, behind-the-scenes foodie tours to Denver!
Hi Hi Klout
nice commercial.
that last tweet had fragment witten all over it. Lol
Now offering Brunch! Join us Saturdays & Sundays from 11am to 2:30pm!
Its the day after Valentine's Day where every store tries to get rid of the Chocolate by marking it 50% off, lol.
#unitedairlines Breaks guitars & now baggage. Offers free duffle bag on wheels but u have 2 unpack old case & give to them. Absurd.
shame! Sorry I missed ya
Really? The first Christmas ads for Glade holiday scents and Christmas at the Biltmore in Ashville...I'd love the second possibility.
lego cake sounds fun! i'm kind of looking forward to these future "joys" of parenthood...
You sit on a throne of lies Courtney.
Slap bet tee by only on ! Available for $10 only for 24 hours! RT for #Giveaway!
Oh yes, my husband & I like walking around there after work on Friday's.
You have fixed the Internet! I'm unsure what it says about me that I want to make out w/ you right now.
Dad's are semi-retarded when it comes to this topic
LOL! wouldve been proud of your Beast Mode session today ;)
To celebrate I bought Coke (with a capital C, ), and a lot of cheese and wine.
Biggest loser room 956 starts this week
would love to say choosing a career isn't about the money..but it is. #sadtruth we gotta make ends meet man.
And another will jump to Wednesday. RT : Prediction: a major retailer will do a black Friday campaign next year based open ...
#Thatfeeling you get when you think you're phone is vibrating and you start looking intensely...then realizing it's right next to you. Lol
Disney World maybe lol . RT Who's taking me to Disneyland tonight?
As much as I hate to admit it, the have a very classy supporter group
Well, of course!
Easy way to answer all life's problems... BIBLE!
#AmericanExperience filling in history we didn't get in school once again. Not sure who's learning more -- me or my 9 y/o
We think work with the brain is more worthy than work with the hands. Nobody who thinks w/ her hands could ever fall for this. ~EFSchumacher
As an experiment, I'm waking up at 5:00am for a week to see what difference it makes. Gonna check out one of those sunrise things for once.
OMG just rode my first rOlLeRcOaStEr like duh....the titan!!! s0o0o scary
Yea. iphone, you ain't tryna buy it tho' ?
oh lol gotcha
Popcorn! RT : Best late-night snack? Go!
Appreciate the follow!
Sometimes life can be a bitch an trust an believe I can be one as well... Cause I could give two shits about you or your feelings...
No rushing no half assing...We get things done on these parts
It think that Ariana getting a tattoo is cool.My sister has 3. Ariana said she was only gonna get 1 that was special 2 her!
Indeed! But it's a slippery slope from "appreciating" to "collecting", at least it was for me :-)
amazing movie! The dollhouse...
good, I haven't heard from you in a bit. I'm working on products for the vids, are you on fb?
41% of French men and women admit to having taken part in group sex.
Movie or theater tickets
I can't help but laugh at Bruno being serious tho, even though it's a video for charities :L lol
saw u RT'd man. thnk u! i think i seen u in charles vill last week?
nope @ home
has 40 community contributors they've vetted and support with editing and high touch contact
I was doubting my vibes, but I picked another Kentucky Derby winner. Made the bet... I'll Have Another!
Ideas for Bogota's amusement park: "Bogota Costa" for a rollercoaster? :D
Hey, how was your race experience Sunday? You and the mini had a good time?
Glad I got a 2:00 tee time instead of having to watch UK get embarrassed
Happy Friday!!!!
Sals Fridays @ The Latin Quarter Annapolis, 9pm lesson, 169 West Street - say Sue Elliott sent you.
AMERICAN OVERTURE. Even though this should read "Greta or Interlochen?" I think we all know the answer..
Thanks Zara! I love your blog too!
“: sweet. that would be fun! i saw you earlier today gave you a horn toot.” I saw you!!
I understand!
Willow Smith ain't wipping her hair no more. She don't gotz none.
I just wanted to go outside to get some fresh air... But I also let a fly in...
I'm up like I ain't got anything to do tomorrow n2s: take yo' ass tho sleep. GN
Happy St Patrick's Day!
My friends>>>>>> your friends
Jtfo Fa real doe
And so is she.
i seen her in a car i think it had to be here it was but yeah she was in a car and me and friends drove past here we screamed chloe
The girl should be for one night, and the single life ..
Wow great to be out on friday nite...NOT
TRAEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!! Mine is longer :D
How about
Clemson YLI offers youth summer camps
thanks for following Philadelphia Volunteer Lawyers for the Arts
I'm dragging but I'm here @ zumba
I can't be there, but at least I can follow more devs that I find on the #stirtrek hash tag...
We r put together a celebration on 5/30 4 first-gen college students in SF. Thoughts on working together 4 a tasting?
Almost had to scrape up little guys...lmaoRT : Racial tensions are high right now smh
Smoke screens with Bank of Am news. Shanks are still swimming in the market pool. Watch for the bites. Plunge team working overtime here
you've inspired me to go to the movies...without you! Lol
Alex Cross-Your-Heart
RAW RAW RAW LIKE SUSHI
I didn't stop talkin to u...why u gon lie like that...shame on u
Bishop McDevitt is 30 minutes from Gable Park where the League is located.
that is awesome man!
RT : H.O.E.= hands on everything.....word to lmao-- ya digg
Cher: the Twitter numbers- 579.4K followers 12 people she follows 0 perspective on pretty much anything human. The bitch can sing though...
Nice seats! Like a kid in the candy store celebrating!
#1 rule everybody must have loyalty
Hey remember we have 3 more days to work here this year, stop trying to save on heating the building or the water in the bathroom.
Several Senate Republicans have signed on to bipartisan legislation aimed at broadening access to the legal immigrant visa system
Ive done nothing but heat up, yet Ive never lost my cool ...
when youre at a bar, are people getting into heated discussions about Tulo v. Hanley? No, they're talkin Kobe, Lebron, Peyton
Just joined Twitter. Now i gotta figure out how i do this.
Filling in #OECD registration form. Requires me to choose title from drop-down menu. First choice = Baroness. Did I pick that ..or not?
After waiting in line for about 25-30 mins, I finally have a number. The clock is ticking though, so I hope this is painless...
Isn't she though? Oh to be in 1st grade and have a vision :)
I was the one who told my mom "I'm not calling him dad, even if there's a fire." I ended up calling him dad yesterday lmao
RT our messages and get the chance to win 2 free tickets to the Vintage Reggae Winterfest in Miramar, Florida.
now that's sexy, Dayna! ;-)
agoolch 3ad, shoo ha esa5aafa? I called three time to both your parents and they never answered
ok whatever that mean
Thank you for spreading the word JT!
Creepy, creepy little game you play
5 Tips to Keep in Mind When Shopping for Airsoft Guns post office box
interested in your recordings, have an email I could contact you on?
RWers ain't anti government--they are anti your ass having access to government, policymaking, and spending priorities
Lowell Thomas met T.E. Lawrence for the first time in February 1918 while in Jerusalem documenting WW1
PUBLIC transport is FTW! (Faster To Work) , nothing an iPad can't help with though.
Had to jump over some hurdles but we are good to go for Tomorrow and Friday's casting calls. See you there.
Answer: MY GIRL Good job ya'll!!! okay I have one more....
Trying to stay positive and focused! I've got great things coming in the near future!!
RT RT Remember the fallen & their families this Memorial Day. Honor those who have so honored us.
Hell is full of musical amateurs. George Bernard Shaw
Thank you, xx That just put a big smile on my face :D
Great conversation tonight on high speed #rail in CA infrastructure investment is a must, and can't forget indirect benefits
it's not Bob Dole is it?
BLEEEEEH! i almost done. halfway done essay 2... goal is to get it done so i can watch jon stewart and go to bed in like 45 min!
I thought that immediately after I posted! Never been before but looking forward to it. :)
Thanks again fro the RT MUAH!! You ROCK!!!
dm me the password
Two 23s. Safe to say no one from Cleveland won.
My future is so bright in Christ, that I gotta ware shades. Have a great and blessed day today tweeters~BAMM.
a spambot that just wrote to me called "Dr Dreheadphones"
Research? Resources?
have grabbed my pillows and snuck off.
deep fried pizza rolls..
I was just thinking the "Penn State way" about the situation. And yeah, tomorrow...I'm cautiously optimistic.
a righty due up 2nd for the rangers... time to get up robertson
Of course girl you ain't gotta ask me twice cuz you da best!!!!! Muah
Today was a good day. It took 24 minutes to make $40,000 dollars on the Portland Trailblazers.
I'm comfortable, and I know my surroundings
PACOS FANS share with us, your favorite memory or story from the past 30 years....
. always enjoy the discussion - we'll get some ideas flowing and circle back with how we can crush it together! Legals very soon =)
Awesome photos of you guys at #AirHollywood! Hope you had fun! See you next time!
Burnt my tongue on a hotdog!
Fascinating findings on formal vs informal learning. Just curious who u administered the survey to.
lol yeah. But this one I respect. Brock was actually hitting him. No fake hits or anything.
You know it!
To argue with a person who has renounced reason is like administering medicine to the dead ~ I love Tom Paine
I know! God forbid I think I'm dating a Sagittarius then end up with a Scorpio :O
Haven't really run in 6 months thanks to pregnancy. Now wondering if #c25k would be good starting point or too easy? How's the app?
up before the dawn | the sky a mix of pink and blue | — sunset in reverse
Lol, yeah. I love Talking Heads, David Byrne and Brian Eno stuff
Correction: y'all, wine's awesome. RT : "You guys, wine's awesome."
ok jordan
i'm not on that team.. LMFAO
I love my big sis, Emily Jones :)
thanks for posting about us!
Just got back from an awesome session with KNS. RIP Dick Clark :(
Get ready for Lent you worthy sinners!
Twestival attendees: you might want to use the entrance at 3 S. Frederick St. is already crazy.
Current state of : "wet cement" still time to volunteer and help shape it
Defending the Championship Starts Now!!! Let's Geaux
Only a mother as perfect as you, could have a daughter as perfect as me.
I wish it was summer, and I didn't have to work everyday of my life, and that I could go to the beach and listen to music.
Happy Birthday to one of the great geniuses of our time, Mr. David Byrne
Jason: Twilight! Madison: Twilight?…Ok Well there’s an exit right over there
That's all they played! Thanks to everyone who stopped by or watched! See you next week!!!
it's him!
Steven, you're welcome. Have a good weekend
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you can be completely silly and crazy with one another.
A little saintly advice: "Patience is the companion of wisdom." - Saint Augustine. :)
Opening Day - Pop Warner Football! Could it be any HOTTER? Go PQ!
Always wake up from naps with the class staring at you
Hey man, thanks for the plug How is the film school so far? What are you studying?
"Quick get the eyedrops and chips ahoy!"
hey guys! acoustic show in philly tonight at the m-room! come hang with us! doors at 8pm, we go on at 8:30pm!! see you there!!
Was pressure really that good?
My parents are moving to Tucson. Our parents can be best friends.
There are so many people that I would go Sweeney Todd on.
will you please clip me!?
Got a floral dress from forever 21;)
Thank you to everyone who voted for me on the Cleveland FOX 8 HOT LIST!!
Okay, league is "WI Indycar Fans" I'm sure they'll let an IL fella like you in. You have to make picks by 8 am tomorrow.
Tessa is being one right now too, MAJOR<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
My future wife...
he's playing in Iran. Seriously. Iran.
This music is like music to my ears. This coffee tastes like delicious coffee. All is right in the world.
how did you know that was for you..oh, you're good.
How do we ensure that mental health treatment for minorities is a priority? A healthy community is a safer community.
Come and bring the family out to celebrate Kwanzaa at the APEX. Saturday December 31 6p "Kuumba" Creativity
Can't wait for blues fest in the dessert!
Never play poker with cheaters. *cough* *cough*
I've been downtown all afternoon, don't know. Sundays are usually not real quiet there.
go get sum booty!!!
Last home gameday of the season! Go Vols, Slam the Dores!
After seeing the Pixies I have been on a huge Kim Deal kick. Love the breeders...
I gtta pee
To all the ladies who whine about men. ITS CALLED A VIBRATOR! and jameson.
happier after some cardio & chat with friends.
Sell the kids for food
the other two sandman slim books and Mira Grant Feed and 5eadline
live like your best day is still ahead of you
"jones is so smart its dumb" famous words of Renee
Happy nurses day!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089>
great minds think alike :)
Happy Birthday Cody Simpson!
Been cleaning all dam day bedroom, bathroom kitchen, and living room spotless :)
Haha aww let me be happy:p
Anybody see Phish's Mike Gordon play for free today in SF?
about to cook <333 now that Romiely, Rohan & Arianna are calm :D
Punt fest is well underway at Lucas oil Stadium. Lacy can't even do things right on the punt coverage team.
ABDC is just a fucking popularity contest now. Fanny Pak has their fame already, just leave. They're only there cause of their fame tbh.
Just got an email about HU graduation celebrations, if it's anything like Homecoming...I'll be far far out of town.
Welcome to the States and Indy! Will be watching online. Good Luck, proud little guy! B BIG!! Luis says, Use the force!
I like that, what is your passion?
AND THE 2011 OSCAR FOR LEAST APPROPRIATE DIALECT CHOICE: Daniel Craig, The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo! At least he nailed the continent.
Randy Newman comments on Vitro's cd. ” It’s a great honor to have musicians of this quality devote themselves to doing these really...
Nice, great job! :) ^NE
I was tryin to go to lai wahs but them sucka was closed they got the best asparagus w/ shrimp
Hey Joseph! I am well, how have you been?
Send us some cool #AR demos to share with our audience. Pls RT!
NOTHING WORST THEN MESSING WITH LOCK BOXES AND SCREW GUNS IN THIS DRY COLD BALTIMORE WEATHER..SMH..BUT IT ALL PAYS OFF :)
Every gay person has a gaydar and best believe a lot of you MFers on mine! DL MFers lol
Favorite part of getting home at night other than be with my baby...taking my bra off!
Go Barcelona.
Yes. It also makes you a true patriot.
Happy, happy Friday! Wake up with the and keep that umbrella handy for the weekend!
#yobitv thanks for everything and good night
You should definitely be following our entire crack PR team. Put and on your docket.
why can't we just take the L and move on why do you have to beat them when they are down. You know you didn't
Spelling is for suckers.
so nice to meet you at #nwsa11 :-)
Took a pit stop at a freebie phone-charger. Kept getting questioned like I worked there. Guess I'll deal with a low battery.
It may be a cool story but come on. They squared off in '94, '95, '97 (2 times), '03, and '04. Do you honestly think that impacts this game?
I'm in Chicago, conducting a training seminar for financial planners.
TweetAdder is off now & I can tweet for the 1st time in 6 weeks.
- fue nuestro placer! You're very welcome. Let us know how the recipe turned out. :)
"You fit me better than my favorite sweater." - love #borntodie - via
Home from Vegas....back to reality
Pierogi and Polish girls. Pittsburgh.
well let's keep trying! Until they follow us :)
yep, plus it's his bday and he's wearing a skirt.
thank you for your prayers. My husband is a children's minister. Praying for your ministry as well!
Leaving right now. Yay citizenship!
It's an interesting concept. I can only speak for BOS, but if I was an artist I would view this city as an opportunity..
Funeral for Capt. Clark @ 10 @ St.Mary's dntown. Color Gd and bagpipes already there. I'm heading over now. Still don't know cause of death.
Alice Tan Ridley from America's Got Talent 2010. A voice like no other! April 13th @ The Markham Theatre in Ontario Canada.
Who is Peyton Manning, and why is everyone talking about him?
Jared Berggren () and Dan Fahey () named Academic All-Big Ten. I'd congratulate them, but they're probably studying.
:Local church sues former members, video of baby ducks rescued, Trayvon Martin's mom recieves huge act of kindness. Cu in 9 min!
Congrats to the winners of The Ultimate Shaving Kit giveaway! You're gonna love the product. LIQUID approved!
Awesome talk by PhD alum/UCSB prof Miriam Metzger. and I extra pumped to take data crawling & analysis next fall
stop ya bitch to stop complainin
I'll give u something to talk bout...
Just got my first smart phone. Dunno if i'll tweet more but I might!
We love that photo! Thanks for supporting organ, eye and tissue donation!
come take a commuter train in Philly sometime. Makes the Newark train seem pretty tame..
Welcome to the Packers, Nick Perry
Mentor-ship meeting, D&C interview and then a conference call.
Yal leave a lot of niggas on stuck out there when you make that decision not to suck, a lot!
Jack YeltonMy problem lies in reconciling my gross habits with my net income
getting ready for school to start next monday.. i cant believe college is already here :)
Tweet me if u want a shoutout!:D
omg. Yay!! I didnt get to play gym coz I forgot the combo. Aren't I awesome? Hahaha. 5 unprepared this quarter. Im failing
Vinnie's wife thinks they're Swiss Dairy
Nice.....for kids.
Maybe...we need them in DC to do something...
omg twins! #love <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
ooh..can't wait to hear it! Their last two CDs are in my permanent playlist
Spent the day thus far in the studio with some childhood heroes of mine. Weirdest thing. The world is a small place.
im finally done with that powerpoint now time for me to go prepare for presentation tomorrow.. night lovers ;)
thanks for the mention hope you're having a blast!
MY TANI!!!! We gotta hang soon... Miss spending time
Nocatee Road Race and TT tomorrow.
two words to describe my neighbors? alright , we're gonna say "intoxicated and loud" HA
I'll go to this one. I've been on travel last couple of times the coaches visited the coast.
That's really good to now. What is he doing these days ?
Practice Safe Sex, Go Screw Yourself.
Alright Tucson.... ill see you next weekend. next stop phx!
Best not to start your own car for a while, is all I'm saying.
Smile it makes people wonder what you are up to...
UNC Basketball Recruiting: Troy Williams to Announce Decision May 2nd - Keeping It Heel
NOT COOL BREW CREW
Thanks Jo for following ...also check out for a beautiful universal interconnected experience.
Warming up my voice, and getting all dolled up for the show tonight!
What did Martin even do on that goal? Nothing.
Just realized this is my 50th Christmas. Trippy.
Congrats to the Rangers.
I'm all packed up & ready to leave for the Osceola Art Festival near Orlando. If you are in the area stop by my booth #34. See you there!
What does everyone think of the trades/signings today?
Hahaha same here! :P
I can't watch you for another 2 hours and 14 minutes.....not that I am counting. ;)
AMEN! Go forth and VOTE!
Exactly ! Lmaoo maybe that guy is sleep lol you called him sleeping beauty .
It's a Me- Day today :) Massage, manicure, pedicure..... and relaxation :)
THIS GUY SLAPPED MY ASS TODAY IM SCREAMING
omg *finger snap ghetto movement* i wasnt the first person you followed!? Lol
lmfao at your whore tweet :) thanks fpr the giggle
RT : "Vision without execution is hallucination" -
Eww you're more annoying than I thought originally
Nice! Sorry I slept through it :) Thanks!
My real goal is to do something with Albert Brooks
#WWE #RAW should tape in London every week.
#ArentYouTiredOf Hearing and Saying Y.O.L.O ?
no one stay up with queerbar (: RT Wide awake stay up with me?:p”
finished skins so naturally all i wanna do is watch gens 1 and 2
Post Bjork show: body has exploded into millions of pieces. Half of which have become lighting, other half is en route to mars.
I knew she'd f it up
Talking about going to #Indy500 this year. Why not?
Haha it means that person is so hot that people want their babies. Ask about a convo on fb about it he found xD
Excited for today's #dccdconv!
26 lbs? whoa! I don't need to lose weight but want muscle and I heard its good
Dick Clark! Davy Jones! David Cassidy must be getting nervous.
funny. I hope every thing turned out ok.
hey guise follow me on Instagram (: ... Dont worry, I wont bite LOL
When did the #Knicks sign Kanye West to play backup PG?
Ditto, kiddos!
Tomorrow is the day, will you be part of the 5000?
That game was a bunch of shit. The refs only cared about getting paid and not the fact that kids were getting choked and kicked in the face.
my name is KidDoobie
turner hall, moct, Irish pub and red rock saloon 8pm all night. www.theypmc.com Epic reason to have a party Go brewers
watch your back bro, could get ugly.
Education is what survives when what has been learned has been forgotten. - B.F. Skinner
You got the wrong one sweetheart don't get it fucked up
Twitter has got to be one of my biggest distractions.
I am queen of the stark white bedroom! ;) Loved the color & texture you added & the tips for quick change ups!
Anytime. Thanks for joining us!
Source code is amazing :)) <33
Last day of school
There goes their Rock n Roll Dreams!
RT : Lookin fwd to my nail appt tommoro as well as booking my massage.<<<Sounds like someone is getting pampered!! GOOD ru
Really enjoying that "Report a problem on this page" text at isn't linked to anything. "Got a problem? Keep it to yourself."
YEAH IT IS
Just wrapped up a big project for a big marketing firm, hopefully launching very soon. Time for some sleep. And maybe dinner.
You tried to #break me, but you see...
fasho I got ya HOMMIE. About to check it out now.
I've been watching How I met your Mother all night. I just feel like moving to New York and finding the woman of my dreams now...
tracks have the most fire drum samples
I want to get my hair done in a Grandma poof.
Workouts and Meetings then off to New Orleans for the #FinalFour ..Looking forward to seeing everyone
Oh. A message from the after hours emergency line. Schedule rearrangement & I've been here 40 minutes. Sorry other 85 people on my caseload.
HELL YEAH!! :) Congrats!
my heart tells me go for it but my brains saying no, dont do it.
#yoga feels great to do! I recommend everyone to try it. So relaxing. Also, try doing #pilates..gr8 4 u.
that was supposed to be in Detroit. I really can't type.
Holy christ, i TOTALLY forgot that i had a free Melvins ticket for tonight until Sean texted me
then you won't have an iPhone.. Lol
hold on wmyb is playing <WeMissAustin!>
RT : Think of #Thanksgiving as another opportunity to train for Tough Mudder. Carbo-loading is always good preparation.
Blessed- we well IRIE each n every Sat. night on WRSU/88.7fm(NJ) 8-10pm...can ya link us with more drops?
I watched two episodes. That was enough white middle class "wangst".
got em coach. So what are you going to do?? Lol
Men under the age of 40 can typically achieve a full erection in 10 seconds.
Just 3 "like" away from 100...share More Skees Please with your friends and family today!
So not going to have time to run 23...going to run long but not that long. Life has a way of interrupting #marathontraining !!
I have alot of great ideas.
luv u bro! Tomorrow is soon as a bisshhh! Lol
Fresh out of the salon..exhausted..3hrs sleep, 10hrs of wrk, change of plans n haven't eaten since brkfst..
If you love or hate me, the odds are in my favor. If you love me, I'm always in your heart. If you hate me, I'm always in your mind
can i get a ride?
Ah-Maze-Ing. Thanks for the life chaning moment because I am obsessed with the wasabi ones.
he probably won't agree on that...
All those Texas haters out there who don't put beans in their chili are missing out
I really am still a kid, just in a 22 year old's body.
Dude I smell like weed again . . . It makes me feel sick when im hungry urgggg
these tools should be open access. However, we run into the problem of financing. I don't necessarily have a solution, but..
has followers. Now I do too! MT : Loved the Zac Brown Band! Already bought them on iTunes.
RT : #Duct tape is like the force. It has a light side, and a dark side, and it holds the universe together. -Carl Zwanzig
i'm with ya on that. i like yummy drinks, not strong ones.
we chillin today?
: #Duke is gone, #Michigan is gone, #Mizzou is gone, #Purdue won, gonna have to pour one out for my bracket
Went to Westminster in London couple yrs ago.Went to the john and peed right next to a member of Parliament.Cheerio.
RT : If you could make ONE band BLOW UP BIG who would it be? #RisingTalent from SA TX // Thanks!
RT People will judge your book by the cover. Make sure it's fab, unique, and that the title is readable in thumbprint size!
Letters discovered in Hindenburg crash site carefully handled by postal officials, sent in glassine as registered mail.
It's 70 degrees on December 3rd. L.O.V.E. it!
. imagine a tool where you could diagram out for your clients all the rules and regs you could do that more easily w
thanks Brian. I might make it into a song. or it might stay a poem! =)
I don't get the outrage around having Howard on that show. He's been well-behaved so far.
#DrewCarney just did some high kicks w/ some Rockettes. it was a site to see
Poison poison poison
We were born to succeed, not to fail ~ Henry David Thoreau
maybe i should do it too.
Smartest man ever > RT : FYI, celebrate Facebook's IPO with a BLT and an IPA, OK? ASAP!
At the ORU Board of Trustee meeting in Tulsa. Amazing team. Good things happening at ORU!
It was like Symphony on the Prairie - have you been to their 4th of July ones? They're usually crowded but great!
i can tell loser haha
We like our men like our tea. Hot and Britsh with some irsh cream :)
Martin Luther~ Everything that is done in the world is done by hope.
Is this how a normal person with a job feels? If so I like it.
I'm not sure. There should be a help page on the right hand side of your Twitter page.
Chili cheese omelette for breakfast - missing hardcore right now.
I'm heading back to Boston. Kane is the new morning show on Z. Can I get new jingles?? ;)
Huntingtons loss is Cent. KY gain. Welcome back !
Keep it locked yall...live broadcast coming...
real men eat plants imo
Exams suck
#YouKnowICareWhen I wanna b around no one else but u
I hear ya! Tweeps are quickly becoming my go-to info source...for better or worse
8 year olds today have facebook, twitter, iphones and ipods. when i was 8 i had a coloring book, crayons and an imagination
You know what? I'll be blastin some german music now. #np Cro - Intro
lobby fill of boosters :(
I use one Twitter list, a private one, for my "must reads." This lets me follow lots and lots of people.
Were so alike its crazy <3 !
yup winning
“: Well 28 is more packed then a game lol” lol right
Having another day at work, then baseball!
There are worse things than being trapped in a stadium full of bright-smiling, fire-eyed, straight men in gym shorts, high tops, & tanktops.
Its too much for twitter!
Dont forget our presentation
I know right?!?(: ms rust saw me make that face!(:
When people throw done their weights after finishing a set.
I miss you too!!!!
Oops 2 giants defensive players faking injuries
Tuesday: We pay homage to unsigned artists + celebrate 10 yrs of weekly showcasing (over 35 executives confirmed). Club Pyramid, NYC-8pm $20
Any tickets that have already been purchased will be reimbursed. Thank you!
Be fruitful with your words...
Rod and Mario hold the world record for ballgaming the most baseball players
: your most welcome, friend :))
Happening in the next day or so. Just watched you again. It was still just as awesome. ;)
looks like tuesday the truck's near me. I sent an email out to my contacts. I'll check it next week!
nice...I saw him a few years ago, I thought he was really good
And now, for the Lakeshow. (if they lose, inconsolable ain't even the word.)
Last day in baseball fantasy season for league of dorks. My girlfriend will be very happy. I guess I now have to listen to her.... :-(
Here's hoping the price of a graceful #RonPaul exit is #RandPaul on the #GOP ticket with #Romney. Let's discuss at 2 Havemeyer St. 8pm Thur.
12/15/2010 How to Get Inside the Minds of Your Customers B2C Marketing Insider
Hey Followers, Check Out ... his music will get stuck in your head :)
Thanks!! I appreciate it!
...it's better to be hot and bothered than to be satisfied in worried* (Let that marinate)
up at 6:30AM this morn. what is wrong with me?
WAH ! I wanna see it ;D Put up the link we need it ^.^
Matthew Cox, UIT, excellent into: Interdisciplinary Research Collaboration site on Trunk: Science at #tufts for 21st Century symposium
Sorry! I was mostly at the AAPA sister org- the Human Biol Assoc. It was a blur. It didn't help that I had no wi-fi there.
I could ask you the same question :P
I'm pretty sure God drinks Faygo. So this might be your calling
Seize the moment. Remember all those women on the Titanic who waved off the dessert cart. ~ Erma Bombeck
Happy Easter. It is time for growth and renewal. How can you make a positive difference in someone's life today?
Ok, it's almost noon now and I still can't get the findings of the last scene of #WalkingDead out of my head!
We're moving today! LEWIS SF and will finally be united in our new office - we can't wait!
Tweet me for a Follow, Shoutout, Follow Your Followers or Retweets! Must be following me!
I'm calling Don to option that special moment.
Don't delay; limited tickets via #UChicago LGBT Alumni remain for landmark performance of Angels In America. Show: $85, $150 with...
My Baby So Bad
Thanks for the mention - we are are posting new things daily so keep your eyes on our feed!
Athena used WebX to continue with research. After using a sled and iPhone to collect data from physicians @ a conference.
Enjoyed the camp experience, hopefully we'll cross paths again...peace and blessings!!!
Haha! Thanks for letting me know, now I can cancel the restraining order
Today's gonna be horrible. I can just tell.
God is awesome
My number one #nwrmemories is goin to school high!!!
I'm officially a #fitfluential ambassador!!
I would have been like hey buy me lunch
look forward to your continued support and work as the new Patient Services Rep!
Lots of very tame bunnies here. Woof
Hey Check out the new music videos for the upcoming feature film THE PADDY LINCOLN GANG
Congrats! And on the engagement!
My day is going by quick
Are you going to teach me something about economics or do you like to post mindless insults and hide?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
I stay up...and you hang up..cool
DAMN!!! WHAT A GAME! hell yes Rangers! Keep it up til the end of September
If there was a Doctor Proctor, what kind of doctor do you think he'd be? A proctologist? No, actually, he's a dentist.
ya(: I'm good I play for varsity and Im gonna play in college next year(:
Our principles & beliefs are not the only right ones, however they're the only ones right for us. Speak your truth w/out prescribing 4 all.
that's good miss u
yes!!! shirt!
@ Miami Beach Chamber of Commerce
#Johnson. Why can't data management system built for archaeology handle all manner of objects, descriptions and relationships?
lazzyyy dayy.. watching youtube videos listening to music and laying in bed!
hi debby~ good morning~ love you my dear friend~ have a great day and take care <3
Jackhammer two floors down causing mini sporadic earthquakes all day.
woo! #starburns LIVES!
jsst woke up ... Evrybdy Birthdays is in April omm .
because bitches ignoring me on fb, tf is it LOL
My friend says Tuesday's the most productive day of the week. What do YOU think?
Dude, you don't even text me anymore. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Be vigilant, ladies "2 robbed @ gunpoint last night @ 33rd & N. A female sexually assaulted Sat night @ 36th & N” via
I'll go one further. He was 70ft from his home & stopped! If he was kicking Zimm's ass, Zimm deserved the ass kicking, MAN UP!
I'm gone too!
Don't really Wanna Go To School Today Cause Of Them Awards .
www.thejusticeball.org is the link for tickets
Coco Crisp...4 sbs one day...the three more days of recovery... :-/
yeah! It'll be a blast! <U+2665>
Thanks ! A beautiful day in Albuquerque :)
about to go scare the living daylight out of 4 people.... tehehehehehehe
you tell mother nature who's in charge!
is Comcast goofing up in other B cities too like Baltimore, MD? Hulk mad when Internets go down.
!!! Thanks so much for the beautiful review!!!! Yeay!
I always feel alone and tired
like your mom said go to sleep
HERE'S THE DEAL: We gave you an extension to file (up to Oct17) but you've been "too busy" to get around to it? Really? File already!
weird not having XC or Downhill skis out. Not to mention ice skates...lakes are even sketchy Wah.
Thibodeau obviously shaken at the news conference.
Buy your Miranda Lambert tickets for her live show at the Von Braun Center Arena, Huntsville, AL. For concert tickets, call at: 888-493-0004
spectator at pea eye arghhhh tonight, sir?
go ahead and put me down right now. I want to be first in line
did you check the new tubes?!?!
Hope! Always remember to hope and dream.
Work hard.. No time for play
Wow BRAD NESSLER must not have went to school anywhere good cuz around here we learn the states hello WEST VIRGINIA is its own state u tard!
when tthe full moons out...
Bulls would have swept Sixers with Rose, w/o they win in 6
#IDidntTextYouBack because clearly the conversation was going nowhere.
LMAO!Boy quit lying, u said u were gonna fake an injury, then hurt me for real. He said he's not running in the heat.
In the future when you explain to the kids your ball cap worn low & turned to the side they will ask "So you weren't retarded?"
the good luck charm strikes again :)
Well crap. RT #Brewers GM Doug Melvin confirms Mat Gamel has torn ACL. Probably season ending.
getting people to follow you shane :) follow me back yah?
just getting the hang of it mane!
got save the date for feb show can't wait one of my all time favorites!
I'm ready for the weekend r u? All black
always gutted not to witness my one of my businesses getting more successful every week!
I'm shocked that a group of hotel owners voted for a plan to make someone else pay for their Convention Center.
Can I just say? I've always been a #RobertDowneyJr fan. #random I know.
My sister cut her hair & got her nails did. :)
Claiborne joins former Chiefs cab Brandon Carr in Dallas.withanning, RG3 and Vick in their division
Love that is not madness is not love.
Hahaha, (: Yes! (: You Can Never Have To Many Puppies, (; And You Know Mom Likes To Collect Things! (:
Just started skimming this. Thanks.
Can't figure out what the bearded co-presenter is here for if for almost 3 hours he hasn't interacted with anything but his laptop.
so tired... going to bed early today but b4 going to hang out with friends and go shopping for a sundress:)))
Not really
Dear Google ads customization-izer: I am neither looking for an apartment in central Ottawa nor looking to become a gunsmith. Thanks anyway.
Now there is some serious #SXSW planning going on. If only there were speech bubbles to go w/ this pic...
Curious - was it Young Preezy's idea to add himself to the other Presidential bios or did someone else there pitch the idea?
Wahh!! I'll come up to the city one day or wherever and we can work da fuq out.
Let's dare to be ourselves, for we do that better than anyone else ~ Shirley Briggs via
John 8:12 "I am the light of the world. If u follow me, u won't have to walk in darkness, because u will have the light that leads to life."
awesome! just making sure. how are you holding up, btw?
They can expect nothing but their labour for their pains.
Can you just pretend to be me at mine? :)
RT : Valencia Co. fire crews resp. to a small fire off Hwy 47. Two nearby strucs threatened & evac'd.
ARTSblog » Blog Archive » Making a Difference Online and Off
yep the downtown Scottsdale farmers market is definitely fun
Hubby and son leaving for Louisville and
Thanks for the follow. How did you get into social media managing? Happy MLK Day
Welcome to twitter!
listening to podcast. Looks like fenfranklin changed pic. Guess I'll have to check out ksr. Priceless.
Just had two thirds of a Shellac album on the East Side: Excellent Italian Sausage
you should have a concert in tampa after the one in NYC
snakes on a sidewalk!!
MAD PROPS, PEEPS WERE TALKIN YOU UP LIKE WHOA AT UCLA LAST NIGHT, THEY LOVED YOUR PERFORMANCE. THEY WERE SCARED OF MY ASS...=\
“ “: Bout to scoop up some condoms from 7-11” ctfu”<=instant stds
Going to rally... must pack for vacation, watch some youporn and do my nails in the next hour! More juicy stuff on Monday!
seen u twice and ur unreal cant wait to c u again on the 27th! I wanna be the girl u take on stage! U r awesome!!! X
especially when traveling, drove 4 hours north yesterday, didn't know how to dress :)
Rogers' "honest" observation" is being commented upon by Orion's poetry editor and how the imagination acts upon it
nothing says 'I get tons of ladies' like that question! Sexy robots!
haha you making that face like you were when you were singing it in class?
Maybe Conrad wouldn't suck if he didn't have Casey McGehee's number.
make sure you tell her you are my GoModel fam I'm #TeamDAss DJ too
If there was proof for everything, faith wouldn't be possible.
she just mentioned that. I'll mention it too.
1 thing young players can learn 4rm #LebronJames is ball advancement. Getting up the court faster, w/ the least amount of dribbles possible.
Check out the New website www.doniellemoniquephotos.com
Great quote! RT : The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
My fave quote from article: "Just as humans can function in multiple languages, they can also function in multiple kinds of language"
why you gotta, why you wanna, make me keep me wanting you*
HEY I JUST TWEETED YOU..AND THIS IS CRAZY...BUT HERES MY FOLLOW BUTTON.. SO PRESS IT MAYBE?<3 7
What is life without a purpose? What is purpose without love..?
Thanks for the heart attack, BFF!!
Bryce Harper farted. On MLB network now.
I've been there! Cool town. Hope we get together some time.
Congrats on the NV Award tonight! enjoy it...
Can't wait to pop coconut ciroc tonight
Lol im the only guy surrounded by like 12 alt baguettes at the streetcar stop
he's wet in practice too. And also both of you would average 20 and 20 if you got 30 minutes a game
The consequences of today are determined by the actions of the past. To change your future, alter your decisions today.
For drunk guy on the field delays, too. Big Boyz, I believe.
Going to go wash my car now, because a bird decided to take a big ass shit on it.
RT "Ron Burgundy makes an incredible announcement on my show tonight" Sweet Lincoln's mullet...
RT IF YOU HAVE BIEBER FEVER :)
Got a new cookbook and making a chocolate skillet cake! :)
we love her cotton tail
Lol nothing I was out your way strag!
#tnla12 Our libraries make people feel stupid. Who wants to use something that makes you feel stupid?
Host has dubbed the anthem for my trip 'For Those About to Rock.'
yeah, well thats if were thinking about the same thing! but, i'm pretty sure we are. haha :)
S/o to for taking Jake to see The Three Stooges today. Now I don't have to.
Warren Buffett as Obama poodle is really great entertainment
yeah I need like 4 extras :/ lol
your nipples are lined up with your ear lobes (:
Seems application of DH to 'micro-historical' questions is much more likely to connect to the majority of practicing historians.
tx my friend! Always good to go home even for work.
LOL that was hilarious. Sadly, I can identify. I tend to babble when I'm on dates. Actually, I just babble all the time.
1st Winning Pick - #NFL Week 11...Jets/Patriots #Take_The_Over (45). Jets will have to take chances to stay in game. Pats O is rolling!
$DNAD little volume??
In Syracuse for the day for some more product training
No Monday night home games for the Pack. How does that make sense after a 15-1 season?
Oh America... Do we really need a warning on Benedryl that says "do not use to make a child sleepy"? {Sigh}
&#9755; Great Deals on Calculator DVR Covert Camera Protect Your Family RonPaul2012
The one scene of "Game of Thrones" that I happened to see was of someone getting beheaded. Lovely.
The black swan is on all major digital music platforms! Lets get it
Upcoming events: Brazil: Sustainability, Global Trade, and Investment March 2
so true!
The game is over now back to regular status updating.
(c) and I get really sensitive when people say stuff about it. I want society to stop judging people by their looks. (c)
Oh, she does. And she probably would say that she doesn't need her own main course but I like to make sure she has something.
I'm pretty sure me and talked to on omegle! Even if he was finn ish.....
Road trip to Wheaton!
43 miles cycling in Brookshire was beyond hot today!
You can always tell which coworkers were cheerleaders in high school...
How To Clean Leather | Modern Home and Garden
Now I'm watching The Outsiders
have fun in fully girl! Tell downtown I miss her!
LOL idk man i was gonna ask you fjsdkfndsk we have to try to look presentable how do people do that
: oh damm that's far.! :O ahaha & yess everyday.! =)
do other guys cry as much as i do? :c
Love is all you need
Ahh I wasn't aware just assumed one was harder than the other. I wanted the most credit.
are you playing icy tower?
Congrats to our Branch Manager in Famington, NM for his accilades from the local title co! 13 days from submission to closing!
Fergie is the worst.
MY beloved dogs always have to let everyone in the neighborhood know they took an early morning pee.
Need to know basis only.
#gameofthrones less then a week can't wait
Poor Timmy...
i'm very impressed! i'm hungry and tired.
3 months, and you'll be calling Knoxville home!! So excited you're coming here!
The Thin Red Line : A Coming of Age Tale
a long process. At the moment I'm looking for a sales agent to sale distribution rights to the overseas market.
At #storagevisions , appears the storage industry is continuing its march to USB 3.0 ubiquity. About time.
I got a crush on you :)
That sounds positively lovely.
Just completed my library school exit survey - I was brutal, but not unfair.
I had a bad day today & THANK YOU to for putting a smile upon my face with his version of "No One." #OneLove <3
i'm going to ask again - it's that time of the week - who is watching the Bachelor tonight? lol
Put the design of your web or social media page into the hands of somebody who lives for this stuff. Ed Roper Designs. Live, Breathe, Web.
« This is officially my first "tweet."» congrats! Everyone show this man some love!
Closing night. What a weekend. So proud
Thanks for following
Church parishioner speaks out on same-sex marriage petitions
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me! 22 days till boyfriend!!10
S/O to KKG for winning the pudding wrestling Pi-Athlon !!
My hater: One Direction is gay! What are you doing? Me: Calling up my friend Jimmy cuz he knows how to react to this statement! Jimmy: NO!!!
My 7yr. old doesn't want to tap into her college fund to pay for shattered screen on her i-touch, hm
The most wasted day of all is that on which we have not laughed.
Hahaha. I know it's usually the other way around, but that golf clap deserves a hole in one.
Look for purple vans tomorrow! Lol.
Joshua won round 1
Wow! This is Playoff Basketball!
hey!(: wanna make a persons night? Follow please?? Love you<3
Did not watch a single Blackhawks game throughout the regular season but I'll hop on the bandwagon.
all ways something lost 50pounds great,my clothes r real baggy on me daughters say I look like homeless person,good thing buy new clothes
put it back together again...
You have no idea. RT "It's a battle of coaches now"
Holy fuck. Did someone forget to remind Lesnar that the WWE is worked?
There is a circus man in line in front of me at the airport. He is entirely blue! His whole face is tattoed!
Hope to see u all if at all possible.
Good morning :)
I've heard a Duncan Donuts... The hood is a-changin'! (BTW, I was surprised to not see y'all at Lee Fields on Friday!)
I need #coffee... CoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffeeCoffee
I think it's just the over-the-top nature of it. 5 minutes of knock-out, drag-out fighting. Very street brawl. And...!
We tackle #2 -- so you can be
I got a dart stuck in the wall.
I'd hope so. (: Gah, weird fans... Haha
please me please pick me
Co-sign RT : I know it's hard to do, but enjoy the process
I think so...I hope so!
Our boys are returning home for the final show of their mini-tour w/Turf War! Catch 'em at The Deli in Norman tonight!
RIP Brenda Rachels Don't know what else to say except "Wow! This woman of God lived life 2 the fullest & did what God said2.Above all LOVE!
#tie2011, Kuglin says students must be allowed to use tech. (phones) in school, finally.
" It's not easy to Live well, Love passionately, and Laugh with abandon. It often requires taking risks.
Yes! my iPhone 4s is HERE! SWEET!
haha but I don't have to worry about their phone being dead.
He's just a friend
She got a slow strut like she walkin to the ulta
Getting my laptop back around 5 :)
BEE! IT'S GOIN DOWN
Went an saw breaking dawn opening night it was awesome can't wait for part two
How's everyone saturday almost posted sunday instead.
dont be drinking the shiner just yet. Its only 2-0
If you have to ask, you still need work!
What an incredibly fun day and adventure with
Malice is always in DC area. And readers are warmly welcome!
Finishing up last minute work on the van for Bamboozle!
I'm so tired - but trying to rally because I need to get my place in shipshape before my parents arrive Tues!
Just sang at my cousin's wedding in fort wayne ^__________^
thanks for the RT!
Where's my ?
PickUpLine: The Lord gave us the power to procreate. So, let's practice!
RT for a shout out ;D
wed the 25th at Stubby's..and no, we only Lolita, Juliet, BCS and BCCS....your choice :)
Glenn "Cowboy" Weycker, 72, drove WI Teamsters truck from Green Bay: It's empty. It's just to show we need unity. It's a huge sign.
wow we are excited
Guys who choose simple girls!<3
JC sealing wax has still not gotten here!!! Why you take so long!
Calm before the storm as we await the estimated 250,000 visitors in North Texas this week. Excited to be here.
Reading Winners never Quit, book my late father gave me in 1970, I was 8. Great motivation. Jerry Kramer of Packers is great story in book.
I thought it would be better than Tashantoinettequeque
such an interesting night. hahaha
He was such a great guy that many of us right now to this day try our hardest to be as much like him as we can
Mr. Lincoln sent me on an assignment before that fateful night. I would not have abandoned my post, I assure you, suh.
Wah:( my blankets still smell like you
Far Away - NickelBack , at least in this phase of my life.
Go check out the Paradise Fears Michigan Street Team :) Help get their likes up to 100 Let's do this turtles <3
and p90x week one done. Boom down
Favorite new thing: listening to live sessions being recorded in the background while I work. Cool to hear the recording process
We'll see you guys April 13 in Ybor at the Green Iguana!
Hey Facebook hakeem dream going to be performing at Broadway comedy club ny on Nov 18 cum support please gonna make u laugh
with all due respect, is sucking mad nuts right now. i'm about to crap on your door step.
I've never had secret service at an event before!
Just saw a girl roll her ankle at my wife's basketball game... Anybody guess what shoes she was wearing?
I love how people are wearing jeans!
great night with my best friend :) I love you babe!
as long as its not a Royals game you should have a good time.
Yeah un huh and i would NEVEERRRRR buy shoes from the Villa lol but thats just me
It isn't the mountains ahead to climb that wear you out, it's the pebble in your shoe
YES!! Party in Salem! Will the real Austin please stand up? :)
Predators Back On Home Ice For Game 3 Against Coyotes
No problem and Thank you!!
I used to say "if only a glove could talk"
the cycle stopped when i had kids..LOL....
Social on a Monday... Fuck Kokomo! This is gonna be a long summer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Guys, I think OKC is way better than the Lakers
lol, had to return the gesture.
That last tweet broke my heart in two...
Thank you. :-) It will be up in a few months. :-)
Hey members! It's the last day to enter to win a Flip Cam... have til midnight to get your reviews in! cc: ,
RT : Retweet this for a chance to win absolutely nothing.
haha thanks :D
Thinking the same exact thing Stop trying to be "fashionable" its not working. My 5 year old cousin dresses better than you!
Do you find yourself craving a delicious burger?? Come on down to the B! Burgers that will leave your taste buds asking for more!!
how u leave world and aint tell me lol
ugh why everybody got my phone lol
never have changed but the older I get the more tempted I am,I know who takes care of the working man,in force.
WHY U SO DAMN MEAN DAMN!
yea ill have to get one! Soon!
Hey nice to meet you today! We should hang in the neighborhood.
hope you're keeping your doggies, kitties, and other pets cool in this weather! Learn about #PetFirstAid for Dogs & Cats
I'm a cool person. You should get to know me.
Go check out K. Sparks, he's got some hot music
ur one of the most talented, poetic rappers around . Your music will be legend . keep up the good work of bein you . : )
U welcome :D
clearly you are some kind of sorceress
#YouLookRealStupid when i take yah bitch
Race day and it's raining,what can we do, oh yea chicken wings and something to drink.
just back from great nyc gtr marathon: "bell italia" theme: a great success, great intl team and great NY times review + pic what a relief!
Michael J Fox Foundation is funding research into #acupuncture for
When ur bf is in the car listening to a song w u and he says he gets goosebumps cause it makes him think of u that's a good guy I luv my bf
Bryce Harper is one of Larry's 8 bastards.
Hope Mr. Miyagi meets English in the locker room.
Don’t miss your three favorite library magazines all together in one booth - #1539/1541!
Brother &amp; sister celebrate kidney transplant
I just wondered. I coach about 30 mins from his hs, & u hear things. I never know how much truth is being told. Thx!
nevermind! how's this one:
Like this status if you would like my music for FREE!
thank you, for supporting Baci Fashion Sale 279 Mott street
I got lucky, he got distracted by a man on a unicorn. I live to eat ketchup another day.
Indy's fastest growing band, Rose Maylie, is one of the most talented local bands you will ever find!!!
due in two weeks
well hope everyone is having a great weekend!!
Has balls of steel but my boy had the play of the game!! Keep it rollin
": OKC bout to take off on these niggas".....say dat shit again I dont think they heard u!
Very sweet RT : Austin tweeps: Today is election day!! Get out there and vote for my dad Place 1 City Council
No I was not making fun of your Decaf coffee but it was sad that was my only option this morning
Thank you for the RT. This is for such a great cause.
IM MYSELF I CAN NEVER BE SOMETHING IM NOT SO WHEN I SAY IM OTAKU THAT MEANS NOT ONLY AM I A ANIME FANATIC IT MEANS I EMBRACE ME.
Oh that kid! :bb Text me!
Spontaneous karaoke session in the teachers' lounge to brighten a gloomy Friday morning. It's the little things in life.
- More Pink Martini tunes....
Was just talking w/ Jason Gerken the other night about Beasties Lollapalooza '94 in KC. Sky filled w/ wax cups during Sabotage. One of my...
thank you!!!
Not a good day at the cash tables, minimized the losses though, bad days come too often..Check out the new "Royal Flush" shirt also!
I don't think that was it - this one was earlier than that. Maybe it was just a truck!
I plead to change my life, just before I dream and wake to realize that change is inside me
what's da move for today?
swag is your favorite word!!!
#museweb Just read blog response for week. Software integration is tech fantasy. To have it would require extreme collaboration
Happy to donate a couple sauces RT : talk to they make great hot sauces. Too many to count.
Ed Gero as Salieri has got to be sweet!
#FYI film spectators are quiet vampires
5/20 - Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Dustin Chafin
Fuck I'm solo again
keep hunting for tickets though cause ya never know.... :-)
A liar is not believed even when he tells the truth. -- Cicero
RT Mother's Day is approaching! What will you get the special Mothers in your life? Try Jones and Rose : ) (via )
Everyone has a story, don't act like you're so special.
As in, they're big Penn fans. That sounded bad.
Be what you want to be, not what others want to see.
#Smwpubquiz team dramatic chipmunk present and ready for the gloating to begin from our glorious SM skills.
Having slips on this new phone--I meant to say Thanks, Michael! Cheers!
Life means a lot.to me.now.I should sho udda people how lucky.they are to be in it
great photo!
Im really upset im gonna spend my weekend stuck home, sick -_-
I've lived in Colorado for 26 years and I love it here!! The weather is amazing & there is so much to do. Why do you love the Denver area?
they also deliver in New York!!!! Hahaha
And me! Well, I'm just drinkingRT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join , & at BOMBAY RANCH.
You know you've been up for too many hours when your contacts start falling out of your eyes... :P
Its always hurry up and wait
Ugh My Knee Is Killing Me -.-
Alberto is everywhere!
the answer is NO...
Sounds like the #fbi found another gullible person to entrap into committing a faux-terror attack funded and planned by agents.
"Things don't go wrong and break your heart so you can become bitter and give up. They happen to break you down and build you up so you can
RT for a S/O
We needa flush this game out and focus on game 2
were smiling but were close to tears
Just got home from last night...what the hell am I doing.
Include photos in your press releases!
That newest video is great for lawlz
ITS GETTING HOT !!! CITY GEAR HAVE MEN STRIPE TANKS!! AND WOMEN WE HAVENT FORGOTTEN YOU SUN DRESSES
should've been Jessica & Joshua in the finale!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I just need someone who can help me get some sleep
Working on article about video games and historical education and the writers block is winning....ugh
hey sorry that i did not answer
Temple Run while listening to .......I think so<3
mi amor! I miss you too! (Its a given how much I love you) How have you been Wonder Woman? We must meet up.
I spy PV watching the Royals from behind home plate.
I know why...you were, are and always will be a Phillies, Flyers, Sixers, and Eagles fan. Enough said!
Gold Rush Rally only 4 weeks away!! Exotic Car time. Yea!!
We're going to spend the next two days at with our Leaders as Learners. Such a great place for meetings.
that's too cool! :)
Whose? O.o
Looking for a videographer in Seattle for the next #qs meetup on Weds the 26th. Any recommendations?
Getting my day started. Looks like another awesome day we will enjoy in
just started crying...played someday at christmas for the first time from under the mistletoe...he was so young when he sang this:')
It's a lot of fun! Our library has a really excellent cookbook collection for them too.
how am I rude?
"Create your own visual style . . . let it be unique for yourself and yet identifiable for others.” -Orson Welles
Thanks for the follow Andrew... Now following back. Look forward to the info. Glad to have connected here as well..
8 more days of school.
Right now if state/local govt employee works on a program receiving any amount of fed funds he or she is prohibited from running for office
Likewise! Let's get coffee sometime. I'd love to hear abt that class & I'll tell you more about the food movement & slow food!
Lots of stuff happening tonight ! Bingo at 7 and a special spaten stein pint night at 6!
I hate dumb broads
looking forward to seeing this evening.
Coot lips and Gud bud
Dance moms> toddlers and tiaras
Looking forward to the "Scaling what works" session at the #gradnation summit! Very inspiring and excellent people and programs here!
iight Congress and what?
Jefferson Davis
If you don't have feelings for me anymore, just tell me. It just makes it harder by not knowing. </3
Too slow, eh? Guess that's what I get for not being on twitter for most of today! :P
I'm the beacon in the dark towards what I'm manifesting. Pay attention: Its time to glow folks.
You're amazing! Please get all of your friends to do the same! It would mean the world to us! <3
Mexican group Los Tigeres del Norte were banned from playing in Chihuahua city after playing 3 drug cartel songs on March 10 at the Expogan.
true but you know how these hoes i aint got time to listen lol
Alan Thorndike "Who is the 'experimneter'? Could be more than 3, 4, or 20+ & diverse geographically. A social phenomenon"
Shoutouutt for shoutoutt?! I just need one moore until 200!:D
don't go! Fuck school
I need friends that are not desperate for food after just a bit of alcohol. Seriously now - food is not always the answer
Bruins meanwhile get the extra day to figure out a new plan...could've been much worse though. Really just one miserable 90-second period.
Saw a guy with a live snake necklace. And I can't stop sweating. Related?
Have a great time!
China's manned submersible Jiaolong is getting ready for a 7,000 meters dive in the Pacific.
That guy definitely needs a hobby or a therapist. I think both might be in order.
My VST Instrument is coming along this week! I have solved some nasty problems and it is about time to begin some basic sound design work!
Sweet just barely avoided being a fraud with my 3 jobs listed currently. ;)
I've seen all of Daniel Craig, & it's all as hot as his eyes...
Would u wanna maybe makeout next time ur in town? You scared the fuck out of me in the Sixth Sense but I'd still hit it.
Also, Steampunk being played at the composition recital Wednesday night at Peabody, Griswold Hall, 7:30 PM /via
I do that
*Slaps hand over eyes* Ugh! Seriously?!!
Now that we have these fucktards whittled down to one; Mr. President, let's get to business.
Tonight our Irvington Green Initiative presents another not-to-be-missed event: Bag It! A free screening of the documentary film.
Don't worry I'm gonna be on Twitter full time soon.:-) c
Gotta do dis nut ass English hw
Now matter how strong a girl is,she has a weak point and sometimes all she needs is a hug.
#carlislema looks like i have to clear the driveway of snow again.
Competition is done
Wanna know the truth? Just look at my tumblr....
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: The Travis County Attorney's Office can get a free protective order if there's an immediate threat of harm.
thank you much love kit RT “: Thanks for the Follow Back. I checked out your website and your Work Is Dope.”
No way--really?
Exciting news!!! Fire and Ice has just been released! It is at Xlibris.com just look for Fire and ice by Erin Sankey
need to eat smaller portions... one too many corn dogs...
Come out and show your support and let's make it a family fun day!!!!
Lee-that's great. Even if I had a pic of one child with a Bical cap on it would be perfect
Falling in love with my new Btr cd omfg my favorite song is called no idea, they sing so d*mn well #ilovethem n_n
made my day's sales goal in one hour! three to go :)
It's best to eat breakfast within 90 mins of waking up. That ish is hard tho.
it is indeed!
We are continuously growing and progressing
How do I delete/resign games on Draw Something? I have an opponent who is kind of freaking me out. No more "random opponents" for me...
Texting is not the medium I like to use to argue anything with anyone. I should just shut my phone off.
can't you be a unionized without being anti-capitalist? Or at least, doesn't it depend on the function of the union?
It's been too long! Thanks for coming out to see us!
Yeah I am. However, my call time isn't until 5:30 which is a first for me. I hope you enjoy your day!
But I never told you what I should have said
Can't wait to start working again
The market manipulators were able to hang on for a win with a modestly positive DOW.
Back in Cheney!! I drove a little too fast! Glad I didn't get pulled over :)
I want a man that talks like a man not a female!!
Happy 20th birthday, Sonic. Though his recent stuff's been ugly, I still feel Sonic 3 & Knuckles is the epitome of platform gaming.
We just pushed a fix to the "button no worky" problem that you ran into yesterday. Give it another go?
session at just kicked off
a "hot" train. Lol
I like you. #singlegirltweet Just thinking...kahxneoxhencorinazpeivffowizbdoehx!!! Ugh!
thanks very much! definitely will want to avoid that
Acme Hotdogs has fresh No-bake Cookies from Appalachian Granny! Pick some up today! Cleveland Av., south of 161
when was this hill billy~!??
New Yuma regent wants education affordable - Yuma Sun
How do i say
The show's about to start! Are you watching? Team Mondo!
...Looks like Beth cant hang. hahaha
I had a great sweetest day!!!
o/~ "...I been waitin' since last Satdy. To see another one BEAT.. Friends, it's time once again.... To let THE BIG DAWG EAT!" o/~
Attention everyone is a starter. I know you have been puss
Took a sec...say it...think about it. :) RT : haha funny! RT: : say ”i won a math debate” out loud
Just made it home feeling damn good!!!!!!!!!
People who are really anxious and stressed think the stress is who they are and they have to fix it
What's happening to you?
That would also be useful. Hm...
Chris Brown hits her, Eminem lies to her, Drake can't remember her name = The life of Rihanna.
oh crepes. They have taken over ur life. #sham <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> haha
Thank you #Fox for bringing America our long overdue dose of Steven Tyler... Looking Forward to #AmericanIdol tonight.
Bobby Petrino would have had a rough day concentrating on the ponies today at Keeneland!
The Jaws ride is closing forever on January 2nd 2012?? Anyone else hear this rumor???
one of my favorite songs Anne Gilmore. Good morning and you have a great day yourself!
car breaks down before a crazy busy weekend, but the stars align perfectly so that I can spend some quality time w
I'm not Finna jump dwn to nobody else level over my son um d only 1 taken care of hym on a day 2 day basses gt it got it good
Just need one more follower.
Wis. Democratic Party Chairman Mike Tate says he doesn't expect Gov. Scott Walker recall until May at the earliest.
niggas say im disrespectful
u blocked me?
RT : #plantech #eventprofs As one of the virtual participants I say thanks to both of you!
s/o fam!
Rip the bandaid off with that dump!
It's the end of NY Fashion Week! Fashion has become a fixture in art museums (McQueen, for example) - what was ur fave fashion exhibition?
The audience has filled the studio in anticipation of the 1st taping of Detroit Sports Freaks...
Elaine Boosler~ Im just a person trapped inside a womans body.
Nothing pisses me off more than a girl Who leaves her hair down while working out... It's the gym not the mall
RT : on #w3cegov call this morning, is giving a great brief of initiative and more www.w3c.org/egov
haha my mom isn't overprotective. My step-dad is. She's just weird..
I’m excited and can’t wait to see all of you on Sat.
BIg comeback inning the yanks will not be shutout this game cano is too good and right field is too small Well, thats what TBS says anyway
Garage sale'ed out?. Want a great way to sell your cool stuff. Bring it in to us 4814 Hardware Dr. NE , Albuquerque, NM We're here to serv
Drake is so good
It's impossible to quantify how large of a role that plays. But, it's fairly easy for us to take the inflation out of Oscar's..
What is it?
Me and pops were walking in dressbarn and he ran into a manican and goes "OH! Excuse me dummayy!!"
No ones taking over I, Danielle, am the only owner of this account and that will remain! :)
I'm often shocked at how loud the room is when I take them off.
I am @ ceviche, round corner from hotel, having cerveza if anyone wants to come.
roughly 3 and a half. let the countdown BEGIN
mind taking a look at my newest drawings? Just like old time's sake? : D
no ma'am. negative on that one. :]
Just gave myself the most ridiculous neck injury, straining to hear if the screechy metallic noise is coming from my computer ... ow ow ow
loving your new bag.. Pretty siiiik
Thank you ! Yes, we did get Intl press coverage & still are!! Sept issue of Signs of the Times mag feat's us!!
Cum Cum Cum on you, Fappin' by the fire while were watching redtube, i dont know bout me, but i know bout you, say hello to Jerry in 3..2..!
santa clause saw Jesus crying and santa clause said whats wrong Jesus and Jesus said
Took a to work today, and passed on the Stone Arch Bridge on the way back home! Happiness.
I'm getting antsy for #HOWLive to get here! It's like a creative kick in the pants, and I definitely need one.
Many buyers can qualify for FHA loans, which require just 3.5% as a downpayment. Media has everyone thinking 20%, but not so
Alan Belcher!!! That was impressive, sir.
Indeed! RT : The last 5% of a project is always the worst half of a project. :-)
GR8 long weekend w/ my fam. Now back 2
Not a tennis fan but this Australian Open is the true test of these athletes. Love it!
Romney saying "I'll take a lot of credit" 4 auto bailout is like his saying "I invented the internet" - Really? Totally lost his mind! O_O
Justin in Men in Black 3. Get pumped.
PhotoSalon Opens as Web’s Largest Fine Photography Store with Access to the World’s Finest Imagery for Home and Office ...
Touché Cris Carter. It's like a dad scolding his children.
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 65F FAIR
You've been hacked! Fix it dude :)
Who's coming tonight? You?
Been On A Huge Wiz Khalifa Kick!
We are always doing the most. Happy Festivus!
The Times has lagged in covering its highly anticipated Web strategy.
Shi i would if i could lol! but i got 300 hundred not following back.. Im gonna un-follow them ..soon enough!..lol
I didn't realize the owner of the Cavs was Les Grossman.
Thanks forthe connection. Happy to follow!
Riddle: what is red/read and isn't you but could be me?
I support ppl who work hard 2achieve their goal.They don't have to wait for Somalia to get its shit together #can'twaitforever
They come in three's who will be the third one????
sheffieldground thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
is at the career center alumni women's roundtable. Follow her for live tweets.
I love waiting around on you all day.
In Oklahoma last year there were 103,143 children alleged to be victims of abuse and neglect.
mostly initial content, but some Ss choice for assessment.
Fxck Tha Police. I Make My Own Rules.
well just remember I love you with all my heart!
LOL...you could probably beat Martin up!
"We've got boring down."
Got moved to table with and tons of familiar faces. sat down - he's funny, especially when he's high... on life.
Manning for Denver, I can't each lunch
Major announcements coming for drugfreehomefoundation.org. Home safety with drug discovery tools for cocaine, meth, heroin, amph
That was random.i wish blade can come on again.its one of my faves
In NC between flights. Going to Louisville to talk to teachers about incorporating lessons from #AtTheDarkEndofTheStreet into their classes.
Thanks Matt!
LA baby
My goal for 2013-present a paper at SAA annual, attend a non-lib conference APSA or MLA.
I luv surprises especially when my name is written on it :)))
Q. What's the difference between a new husband and a new dog. A. After a year, the dog is still excited to see you.
wow I almost started crying
Nervous anticipation... Go Bears!!
RT : When you always value safety over taking a risk life becomes small. Take a risk on your heart today!
you might just have too
yes, we had to swap them. It was cheaper that way. It's a lot faster the touch screen is better.
I hear ya playa ": Ya'll have no idea how hard it was to type all that positive stuff about the spurs."
HELP! What's #TPS? Do you know "Debster's dictionary?" HA! =D #ganginguponme! =D
Yes they will dear:)
Yum yum yum apple pie.
There is nothing to do but watch tv still it's boring there is never anything good on!
Hey! Youre welcome! All Best Greetings Back from here! :)
. And on that note-- outdoors. peaceful. mosquito farm. -- I bid you a goodnight, sleep tight.
I can't hold a grudge to save my life.
Mr. Balloon Wizard Supports Small Business Saturday! Let's all make a purchase from a small business today!
Even stupider
shit... Just dropped the kids off @ school bout to hop back in this bed. Lol yo tell yo moms I said happy late mothers day
great seeing you too! you going to the party thurs at sayers?
For the next 22 minutes swing by Mangiamo Pronto and get the deal shown here: $2 antipasto, $4 wine, $3beer
*points and laughs at the Heat and Clippers*
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs.- William Shakespeare
This just in: recently tweeted "I exfoliate & drink tequila by the gallons." I knew he was really Carmen Elektra! Happy bday, Rock!
Sign up w/our street team today and receive $75 in driving credit! They're posted up next to from 11am-3pm!
Yeah rocks RT : im kinda diggin the still learning it though...
Looking forward to making new friends with an interest in a greener planet
I had a dream last night that I fought with a crazy serial killer. I totally won. :P
It's time for more water. Chug.
AIN'Tthat the truth. That statement describes how I feel any some of my family members.
You inspire me <U+E328>
RT ": #ReasonsThatImSingle I mean, I thought this one was obvious."
Oxtails??? Yuck.....where's get the pig feet, pig knuckles, grape soda, ice tea w/a lot of sugar
Two fifty tuesday!!! Try some fresh Tamarind Water!
What is the weirdest gift you got over the holidays? We got something so weird sent to the Night Owl office yesterday I can't even say haha
Ah! I cannot wait for #boyfriend !!! Monday, come already! (: impress me please.
Delicious tacos next to terrible tunes. So the balance at #SXSW is maintained.
All is well my dude. Still grinding.
i doesnt help when guys surround u saying " ur walking funny" but some did ccare thx to those who care
hahah. What? You want me to get one so we can talk through it? Haha
looking forward to seeing you again at
riding around town with my dad in the nomad <3
im literally pissed off on the coo
.: moving toward a "one dollar, one vote" system of governance
Save the Date! April 29th at 2pm at #MetuchenLibrary. Young adult writer, Carol Plum-Ucci, to read at the library. Author will sign books!
OMG haha I'm so psyched you know about this game. You have just made my night!
Tacoma smells like bacon
Great idea #healthyliving!
agree, Dani!
Installed exhibit @ Karl Hutter Fine Art; Hilton Brothers photographs opens tonight 6-8 pm + artists & Booksoup will be there 4 book signing
I did I live in VA how have you how is Careon?
Greatest concerts: Equal parts laughter, tears, goosebumps. That was at Lovin'Cup tonight.
I wonder what I'm going to do all night haha.
Lady drive thru just asked y I had a suit/tie on Told her I just got off of wk Said she wouldnt want my job.
Getting ready for a big change!
Thanks for the shout-outs & conversations today!
I was completely wrong. FiOS in Maryland does carry the CW. Once again I can get my trash TV fix.
Guru! RT : Comms pros: If you could ban one word from being used this year, what would it be?
Congratulations! RT : I got the EVMS internship!!!!!!
Aww!! I know! I have #nhlplayoffs fever and watch all the games. I'm so happy we've made it this far. Hope we go all the way!
so many startups. so many startups.
it's not on line? It just came out about a year ago!
I am excited to be one of your new followers! I admire what you do!
Missing the people, but everyone keeps mentioning the food - Please take some pictures and tweet them with #smbmad for me!
C'mon Lakers let's go. No time for games.
NY Knicks have lost an NBA record 13 straight playoff games! make it 14 today!
Another late night at the Foster. Well done, Juniper Tar. Well done.
ughh i cant wait till this weekend.....this week has been the worst for some reason!!!!:?
Any Walter Payton highlight, no matter how short, still gives me the chills.
why sorry?
anyone else see the score just go 0 to 0?
Howard, thanks for the compliment. It truly means a lot to us!
you got it!
"don't fall in love with anything. You are always working in beta" on Pinterest et al
Don't feel bad. You weren't able to buy tickets. It's not like you decided not to go on purpose. T-T
Times like this i really miss you. <WeMissAustin!>
D: Awe. I'll be your friend
: Yeah, it's hard to track the right wing lies. Talking about the Guardian issuing a retraction on the Agent Provacateur
My mom is watching disney Jr. Where little birds are singing about a muffinland.... I wonder where muffinland is........ m....
Live. Laugh. Love
your nail polish collection pic replaced 's crotch shot pic as my phone's lock screen
at Blogworld I'm going to hand out my index cards as I read them.
It's gonna b a great day
Decided that if I can get an ID within the next 30 min to go to JO south I'm going to ball with the "NBA Street" on the lane ave courts.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
#iflibrariansruledtheworld No one would ever ask "Do I have to use the online form, or can you just do it for me?"
good morning and enjoy your day
haha. Nope! I don't hate you!
La vérité shall set you free....
RT : Glad your safe!
We're excited to have you!
Just as soon as somebody fetches me some really comfy marching shoes.
Burbank, ca- in June. So much fun
Text me sometime! I get bored sometimes...
<U+2665> Those who love deeply never grow old; they may die of old age, but they die young. Dorothy Canfield Fisher #quote <U+2665> <U+2665>
Sticktime this morning. Waking up at 0430 is awesome. Falling on your ass because you forgot how to keep an edge not.
Clutch Free Throw Shooting takes 3 things. See them here: goo.gl/XPd1a
AEGIS Tools carries the new cut-out knives from Monument® Tools. These blue beauties are ergonomically-designed and effective for......
Movement grows to minimize hits for young football players
you're never too old for your acting career. You'll never know when it's going to happen. It's all about experience.
#IfOnly Walt Disney wrote my life story, that way I would know it has a happy ending
Forget Aishwarya, Oprah is doing an amazing job at showing the paradox of India, the rich living with the poor..great special.
Girrl we should talk!
mornin baby girl. u ok today?
awww you was in there bro?
Im about to go running, told my dad to call the police if im not back in a hour ... This neighborhood is creepy at night
Ready to go wake my mom up and tell her happy mothers day
come with me.. Im scared ..
Aw!! Loved the ending!!
your personality reminds me of kreayshawn. It's a compliment.
The skeleton of Jeremy Bentham is present at all important meetings of the University of London
I didn't tweet that he's going to be someones bitch? Oh well I just did
Man, I absolutely *love* the #hackerspace!
You can talk to her because she's your best friend , but I can't talk to guys cause you don't like.
Thanks Remarkably helpful, even if his style makes it incredibly hard to read through.
anybody want some of my beginning spray paint arts, i have the pictures if u want them please message me
It may be #tweetandeat, but advice is good for all social media.
RT : Looks like dinner for me will be fluffy and sweet! Look forward to seeing you. Yes it will be!
hit da LIGHTZ!! oh oh oh
Was checking out your archives for Argentina ideas! Where would you go if you only had 2 weeks?
I bet you are ALL SMILES!!! :-)
If you would like to donate raffle prizes or anything else please email
Enjoy the weekend with our Sunday Champagne Brunch. 10AM - 2PM. Saturday Breakfast, Served 9AM - 2PM
Still mourning the death of my blackberry. At least until the replacement arrives today ;-)
Making s'mores around the fire with the family(:
Rocking some Metallica while I do this weekends parade of network change requests. Working on Saturday is such fun! *
...and he's single!
RT : #MLB #Royals vs #Rangers V MAZZARO vs C LEWIS - #Yankees vs #Orioles CC SABATHIA vs WY CHEN - #Rockies vs #Giants J GUTHRI ...
think of something sexy and just imagine it right by you telling you to sleep :)
The most difficult character in comedy is that of the fool, and he must be no simpleton that plays that part
again well if u guys can maybe a quick stabilizer for connections would help i was at latency of 775 last night
Waves are really clean, but really small. Thinking about going anyway since I haven't surfed since December.
Reverbnation blues chart. 6 la/oc 53 national 87 global, 249 all bands la/oc 4845 global all bands.Working hard, help us push M.E up a few
Even if doesn't reply I hope he at least reads it, I poured my heart out to him the best I could in 140 characters<3...
You're welcome, Kent. I'm thrilled that you like my work...
What is not to like about Geithner, He is just a sweetheart just like Rahm. See a pattern here? All thugs....
or katy perry's "et"
Congrats to on AL MVP
Wait...there's only a week left til Christmas?!?!
we get towels thank god. Most ppl like me don't wear the t-shirts anyway so glad its towels
we're about ready to fire ours. Does yours work in Cordova?
-- A 6-year-old climbed into a balloon-like experimental aircraft built by his parents and floated into the Colorado sky.
Fear melts when you take action towards a goal you really want. ~ Robert G. Allen
Oh and I want that whig
Wade sends his apologies.
C'mon man...them you bro...
If Spurs win title this year I have a lot of questions. Do Manu and Parker get in the HOF? Is Pops 2nd best coach ever? Is Duncan>than Kobe?
Thanks for the words Tony!
Where are all the females who Got they own From Over Time Grind-ing, Hard work?! #OTG #WeAREOTG RT
The ex husband agreed to allow her have the kids as long as the new bf is not alone with them.
I just learned that its "ulterior motive" not "alterior motive"
You know you're old when you wish that the ball would drop around 9:30 instead of 12. Having kids wears you out, that's Y I'm having another
nice! RT : hot the beach near Moss Landing. Gorgeous day! Hot enough to actually do some bodysurfing.
#missingmilwaukee day 22: the Public Market for oysters at St Paul's Fish Compnay or Kehr's Candies chocolate pretzel sticks!
Thank you so much for creating this valuable marketing/publicity tool! We are excited.
hi :)) how's your day so far?
Praise the Lord I found my Bible.
Have you found a need to warn readers if something is science-heavy?
gallery night April 25th. Art, wine, and apps for $5. Then again, every day with wine is an event
Hi Rand...thanks for the follow...following you too!
you are a very impressive lady, and thank you!
I preferred watching from the comfort of my hammock with a beer in my hand, but now I might show up to more than one game.
When people call my shorts "booty shorts" <<<<<<< they only look like it cuz i have an ass lol smh
and as you can tell I lost my phone again. Lmao
Hey twitter land! Srry I haven't been on lately. :( but I'm on now so anyone wanna chat?
A EX IS CALLED AN EX BECAUSE ITS AN EXAMPLE OF WAT U SHOULDNT HAVE IN THE FUTURE
Screamo over the office speakers at 8 a.m. is not working for me. Thank goodness I charged my iPod and it's loaded with Led Zeppelin.
I'm sO jealous at work right now... RT Get HIGH as I possibly can then, BAM! #AVENGERS in 3D
congrats on almost 19 years!
our conversations <3
I want to go to the mall today .
At MOMA looking at The Starry Night. In love with Van Gogh!
Ray Finkle baby!
Look out for our black Friday deal!
yea im kinda gettin the hang of things & I like it so only time will tell...
CUSE vs. St. Johns college lax
hanging on to my #juicefast for the last half a day!
amen. worse to have stagnant SM than no SM at all! RT If your brand doesn't listen & respond on Twitter - your competitors will!
cat scan of abdominal area is not risk free
Freaking kids stupid kids lmfao
didn't you already watch them all? I remember avoiding your tweets last Sunday as to not ruin the shows for me tonight lol
If all you can find time to do is kick it and be in the streets you will never enjoy the true meaning of what it is to come home to a family
always duh
Ive been saying all year that is the truth. They are my bracket busters.
“: What we do when NO ONE is looking reveals the kind of person we really are...”
:: Wednesday on Live at 10... heads to two one-way streets on MKE's East Side where they know only "one way" to drive... FAST!
Did Nick drown?
I have a little game that I would like for us to play...
#WeWontWork if I know more about u den u know about me...
TSOI-NY to catch ROBYN HITCHCOCK playing to JOE BOYD's psychedelic career-reading+song 2Nite (starts 7pm).
I'm reading a few good books, I'm getting ready for a big score!
The CASHER nails ANOTHER undefeated day!!! 3-0 on the NHL picks and an insane 10-1 the past 3 days.
I got my Track & Field fix today thanks to ESPN. Stepping up to the mic to speak at the Good Fathers Only Conference in Detroit Michigan!
#RealFriendsDont disrespect your parents when they come over..
PANCAKES AND EGOS THIS MORNING.
My wife's awesome because she knows "Johnny Mnemonic" when she sees it.
Never miss a show! Download the "Live 365" app, search "UCTC Radio" and stream live every Fri. at 11AM CST. Today's guest is !
The cold embraces us, there’s no room for fuss / There’s only room for light, eternal, ever bright…
just don't forget to me lol
Working on a spooky tv pilot today... #upfronts are this week...hope to be there with my show soon :)
I expect full service, devotion and fabulousness when I get married.
what did he say? I can't watch the video right now.
bored out of mind so I set up a facebook account for Wendell (my cat). Next up: Twitter account. I want a techno savy kitty!
What are AT specialists rec'ing? netbooks dying, notebooks are too big for students,& tablets are not quite ready for prime time?
MWE IP Silicon Valley litigator Vera Elson is leaving for Sidley Austin. By Kevin Lee in today's DJ.
thanks for the follow back Dave!
#EmailMarketing Tip 33: write compelling subject lines, 50-60 characters. Tell, don’t sell. State benefits, be different....
since ur a dad of 4 maybe u could give some advice on how 2 entertain a 2yr old.
omg! sitting in the Best-Ever massage chair getting a pedi for my b-day. this chair is totally amazing! i so totally want one!
I don't know how to become less shy and awkward?!
Weddings make me cry
I look more like Keith David than he does. -JO
The undersides of leaves exposed.
Hello! Music is good for the "mommying" process! =) Thanks for following. Bring the kids for a tour of our school!
No problem! (:
Media Advisory - The Heat Is On For Emergency Preparedness Week
Enjoying #sandiegobay. The wisdom of : Sunny days wouldn't be so special if it wasn't for rain.
Still catching up on the mound of paperwork.
LOVE being home. Mom and I have already taken a trip to the liquor store. :)
Have a happy day!
#raw10 LAPD will Kill U, even if U have a knife or a screw-driver. Thats why they say, Never bring a Knife to a Gunfight!
I just talked to u about this and now your doing it again, this is getting really annoying
Thank you for the FF love! RT :
God bless our Country ! Sorry but can't trust any political party.
You're a good poet.
"Sunday Smile" by Beruit- my new favorite song
Stoneback Big Band tonight at Allentown Symphony Hall, Allentown, PA. Damn, we're on stage!!
Actually no, no he doesn't. That's how far he is away from that.
I feel like Cubby could have his own show on Geek and Sundry.
lol is that a yes?!
Going to the #1 zoo in the united states! Jack Hanna's Columbus zoo & aquarium! polar bears here we come
On my way to New York...love this city!
So ur gonna do the #Europa dallas???
come back to the raiders dawg
i can almost see the other side..
Not that I retracted my Rosa Parks card in apples to apples because the black guy walked in the room.
Being demoted = not fun
2 dates in Iowa. Are you running for president?
Crying cos of Demi and James' no bueno tweets. Omg I love them. :3
Enjoying an early AM breakfast in Palmetto Bay at House of Bagels / French Bakery off 144. A little from both
*Specials TODAY* Buy ANY MEMBERSHIP and get 2 FREE weeks of upgrades! Buy ANY $50+ LOTION and get 1 FREE week! Instant Tans 10 for $125!
Elizabeth Grosz - Becoming Undone Darwin Sexual Selection animals fuck for pleasure music art excesses that make life more enjoyable intense
we suck in #fantasyfootball...shit sucks
Dinner recipe: Cuban Pork Medallions - Pioneer Press
The feeling is mutual--wish you could be here! Next time for sure.
I lost 2 followers:'( im loved
Played two more times with , won the second, lost the third, 2/3 goes to him
I'm right here!!!
yeah (x
RT you see a comment with the words "play offs" and "ratings" please assume ignorance and ask the commenter to return to NFL watching
agree 100 percent. hate the smug attitude, too....
they won a game because of it earlier in the year (might have been Lakers) because of him swallowing it.
the fact that we even have a plausible scientific theory to explain something from nothing is what interests me.
Yay! I'm now a Master. MT : Congrats to ... Kimberly G. ... for graduating!
i always have that feeling where i want to stay up and see when the power comes back on(:
this is fuckin comical now. I was trying to be nice, wow.
Callback tomw. Untitled Traveling & Cooking Show. I think that means eating in the car, right?
I love Reba.
. Congratulations on your 50th anniversary. We toast your excellence and innovation. Salut!
Heard you on , will read the book! Love concept of deconstructing habits using cue/reward analysis!
wear that tank top doe !!!!
I been thinking.. and Ive decided that could get it.
Who's hungry? AutryCafe special: Savory turkey meatball/vegetable soup w/mini turkey meatballs, carrots, zucchini, squash, & peas
RT Merry Christmas...Eve!
Really excited to see your art today at #ShelfLifeTwo!
very freaking nice man a big congrats -- you'll be running that place in 6mon tops
aw shucks
This will be a real deal/old school/blackbaptist fanwaving/please Lord don't let anybody throw their body on the casket/home going.
I know! I was certain this was going to work! :OP
I know you did not really buy this.... lol RT Shamwow really works though...LOL!
Alex Riley <3
Prediction: You will find out a lot of stuff about Tayvon you may not want to hear.
Love your pictures, did you have the day off?
Listening to on the long car ride home
I even freak out when tweets (: i started yelling when she followed me :D imagine if she DM-ed me!(:
Ha! All went well :-)
for kids or adults?
#ThoughtsDuringSchool food #seriously its always on my mind
Big THX 2 Brian Washington in Encinitas retail store! Gr8 customer service!
#NowPlayingTrack - "Don't Stop Believing" by Journey
Greenpeace activists held after they board Shell icebreaker
Good morning! What are your plans for today? Mine are repairing carpet my Chi girl ripped up. :D
Text me?
When life throws you a Jeffery, stroke the furry wall. - Aldus Snow.
Yes...that's definitely accurate
Upon arrival, my mom informs me that the Internet is down until tomorrow. I'm already having withdrawals.
'Tis. And I agree.
I Can Make You Splash , Baby We Aint Talkin Drips !!
Flyers fans act like #Pens fans are so dumb, yet half our old team they cheer for, try to get #G trending when we had #C, etc. What a joke.
Cornwall summer storms are amazing to witness.
Thanks for the #FF! You Are too kind!
Follow , you wont regret it!
We must have more beaN gatherings in the near future!!!!! I recieved a dutch oven from my hubby for VD early we can use! :)
Noticed a bad #PeopleSoft habit: adding extra fields to an index to solve duplicate row issues. It's better to find the broken business rule
Zoloft for depression? Having suicidal thoughts or are more depressed? Consult your Dr. Why? That's who put you on them in the first place.
that's cool baby girl do your thiinnngg
At Portugal the man. Couples abound. Eyes on the guy in the plaid shirt with a blazers "Roy" well blazer #f-ing portland
Sleeping is for square's!!
ok so somebody challenged me to draw againts them so i have to think of somthin amazing to draw.
: I will do that! Good morning to you!
what's your tally circulation like? I'll hit the nearest paperboy
Yahoo CEO fired for pretending to have more degrees than he has; Romney pretends to have fewer.
-_- could you keep it to you're self? -_-
Giant Storm, Homework, And Pandora.
time needs to go faster i wanna see my bbbyyyy already <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
I wish it would go back to being 50+ degrease and sunny...
“To stop the flow of music would be like the stopping of time itself, incredible and inconceivable.” ~ Aaron Copland
Thanks everyone. Today's shoot was a sucess!! Looking forward to tomorrow.
I am exploring all the features of google+ including circles and hangouts w extras for sharing & collaboration - very impressive for free
Today: Sansome/California, Thurs: Spear/Mission, Fri: Mission/New Montgomery. Hot pies, hot sun, all week, 11-2
If you are looking for someone to make you happy, look in the mirror.
Looking forward to working together. Please follow back.
Heading out for a Labor Day cocktail, where should we go?
Anthony davis vs iu - 9 points... Anthony davis vs baylor - 14 points.... At halftime
lmfao so go in lol what's up
Happy 4thofJuly!Have a safe one.Congratulations Thailand on your election resullts.I hope everything else related will go well4ur citizens.
Just realized that Lebron changed his shoes at half time
Mathew Timmons: The New Birds are birds.
RIP Dale
Tonight at Six! Awesome pool party with ice cream at the Rec Center. See y'all there
awesome :) They are amazing. What made you bump into them?
thanks for the follow!
thank you-- it was cathartic to share that tale!
did u see that TD
lol i cant believe i finally have a chance to meet my dream XD !! LOl can you plxzz follow mee :(
DC- Columbia Heights row home- 15+ offers. Primary resident purchasers get first crack at it, no investor offers for a period of time.
Happy Birthday John Coltrane!!
Another evening at Squashed Grapes in Ventura CA. Music starts at 6:00pm
YEAH BUTLER! WOO-HOO!
Katie Holmes' birthday and where does Tom cruise take her...TriBeCa soul cycle for a workout! Love it
Yes, and I expect one this year against NFDL - get a rim rockin play-by-play by Chuck Diener, err Friemund!
Hopping in the shower...have Basketball Wives playing in my bathroom as I shower.
dear men with long beards, it is extremely creepy, please shave. thanks , rd
Great! Can we share ideas? What r open-source or otherwise free technology tools that can be implemented in a classroom?
stay awake dreams only last for a night
son game 7 will be in Atlanta and me and the crew will be in da Build'n!! Here's some flowers <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00BA> for an early Celts death
I'd take Catch-22 over Brideshead Revisited any day.
well, it looks like we'll just have to shut down early today so the A&G crew can enjoy some !
chill lol I feel mad that the weekends over -.-
I'm pimp'n up my BlackBerry. Kind of exciting. Filling it full of apps, songs, pics, and e-books that I won't have time to read. Oh well.
Katt williams is funny as hell
woohoo. whats more rebellious than a performance artist who creates art spectacles in response to social justice issues?
Thanks for the retweet!!
Why is there always someone mad at me? I do my best.
It sure felt long!
Terri Bergman from
It was Paradise. We'd go back in a heartbeat!
My apologies for the crazy pic msg. Obviously my account was hacked. Trying to fix it now.
and that stands for...?
And waiting
Brie cheese is amazing!
Hopefully your experience is as magical as Fantasia! :) Let us know what you think.
do you foul now if you are Norfolk up 3?
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
Our new before and after portal is smoking hot!
Never want to be someone else. It is a waste of your time. Love who you are because you are special.
I've been so busy I didn't even know what day of the week it was ... lordy goodness...time to stop and take a breath!
Rubber floor mats in the jet are out. Carpet mats in. Fuck you winter.
As we all know, a true journalist is only as good as his hair.
My nephews turning one in august and I'm gunna be an aunt again. :)
Kony preacher in the laundromat.
Three days until pitchers and catchers report! <U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE>
Pretty much Mrs. Duffy. Congrats on getting hitched btw :) I hope you enjoyed Beatles Love as much as I did.
have a wonderful day :)
Yeah I do get jealous when you call someone else "my Asian" instead of me, you use to only call me that. It has no meaning to me anymore.
I wish we traded politicians like athletes...we'll give you our governor and a draft pick for that rookie congressman and your washed up AG
finish my homework WOW!
So I was editing some songs today, & I looked down & saw the date and realized, "Woah, Christmas is in a few hours!" #WhereDoesTheTimeGo?
Delays in Home Refinancing. Our company can still close your refi in 30-45 days!! ://on.wsj.com/JpQP4E
Lets see when i go again,I would love to visit! I'm throwing a group cruise for memorial wknd with carnival let me know.
trying to get some work done
I hope you touched Nathan inappropriately for me.
re: ur LinkedIn question. They're after no.s not relationships. 1st/last time ul hear from thm is when they ask 4 connection.
Pyro Productions now partnered with Hibbidi Hubla Design & Promotions
Gabrielle #Giffords survived, expected to recover!
cant wait for ur debut album. So excited. Good Luck on it!!
Consider yourself having a tail.
England 13 - 6 Wales, half time, NICE
yes ma'am lol you know me so well :)
6 quick points for the #Sixers to start the 4th. No.
I'm so happy I can't even sleep right now.
I learned nt to judge woman by the shit tht she wear, so therefore dnt a nigga by the shit tht u hear. -j.cole
a.) wings dominated that game and got no bounces or breaks. b.) preds got 2 obvious bounces and calls on their side. the series is ours.
#Broncos take Brock Osweiler as a strong-armed, mobile project. Can learn art of heady QB play from Peyton Manning, John Elway
CONGRATS!! C/O 2012!!!
We didnt use a rubber but i came on her body
you better! haha
Those who are dead, are not dead, they're just living in my head.
. is the only good thing about being at a Knicks game as a Philly sports fan
Yeah, hopefully Amare doesn't leave in an ambulance this time hahaha. Time to put the kids to sleep.
hell yeah, are you staying here for spring break bro?
That sounds like something would enjoy doing.
Cupcake Jell-O shots: Second only behind Trophy Cupcakes as the true meaning of the holiday spirit. :)
Not so much, but I will make it!
Fun fight no matter what happens. bitter sweet because I like both guys quite a bit
Hey, whats that smell? Smells like rotting flesh. Oh yeah, it's Walking Dead time. Lets see what dumbass hi-jinx Lori gets herself in.
Thanks for following!
I just ate a breakfast burrito with a lot of sriracha and then brushed my teeth. Idk how I feel about my minty spicy mouth.
have a great weekend! Nerd!!! Haha! Keep crushing it!
no the Twins. they play so terribly most of the time, even some success is a win to him, win or lose.
RT if your single, CLICK FAVORITE if you are in a relationship..
Morning work out done !!!! I got the afternoon workout and My evening workout left to do then I will be done for today <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088>
Bumped into a guy at food bar in Heathrow lounge looked up it was Alan Shearer - decided may be bit uncool to start "Shearer Shearer" chant!
Book Expo bound on Sunday. Last time?
I'll never understand why people are selfish and can't put other people first. If you think about it, nothing even matters in the world..
So much fun getting to work with the #tedxsd11 speakers backstage. Such fabulous, kind people! No divas :)
can't do it man, we have late night starting and it would be better if they are in the main room.
Hey chick with the face full of war paint in the weight room looking like a lost puppy *waves* I SEE YOU BOO
100 plays! Wow! The highest rotation song in my iTunes library is Vampire Weekend's "Oxford Comma" w 85 plays.
You never know, Dave. You just never know...
Rehearsal time!
RT : ": #np Tennis! " YES *does Virtuoso tennis dance* LMAO<
People are gonna hate me in 2012. Really.
Just be a republican already. Everyone sees it coming.
more people need to start at community college level then transfer once they settle on maj. Would save MILLIONS in debt.
I've always called you Valentina
I wouldn't mind Rudy to Philly for The Villain and something else to make the salaries match, but it's tough to do right now
note to self: write resume, then promptly remove the word "worthless"
now that my students are gone, I can get back to this! the file i pulled from you didn't show up on my local dir. #badtonya?
CHAD also charges a fee. $75.
Whether you need routine car maintenance or a quality fix from that car accident, let the Car Crafters Team show you why they are the best!
DARE YOU! RT : I had a burrito for breakfast. Dare I have one for lunch? Dare I?
these are hilarious! My favs are #2 & #10 - please tell me that one's photo shopped! Lol
Megan you shouldn't kill yourself because it's bad. Seriously what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. You have a reason (c)
love it. Keyword there "signature way." Many brands are looking for the "signature" and few find it.
We provide therapy for children with-ADHD.
wish & I could have joined the fam for #DQexpo but couldn't travel with a 1 mo old. Looked like a blast!
What happened to Boyfriend video? ;(
What Happened To The Person I Met Years Ago.? The Girl I Used To Know. Where Is She Now.? Now All I See Is A Captured Soul Seeking An Escape
That means so much. Thank you, love.
#whosgonnalose - Minnesota at Chicago - Chicago will lose
I changed the channel before Skeletor came on screen, thank god. Kitty Halftime Show for me.
what do you mean? Call me
yes till midnight, but the kitchen closes at ten.
oh ok
Just discovered how awesome the ESPN sportscaster app is on my samsung tv.
Hail, hail, and rock n roll.
We're working on #branding assignments, and working to launch a new interactive and table top creative for a large #restaurant. Busy!
my best friend will be in town this wknd so we will def be doing something! I will for sure keep you posted!
What the fuck, these people are taking to long with my food
Probably gonna have the girls come over
In group negotiations, your power is in your independence(ability to walk away). But avoid the Abilene Paradox-state your position up front.
Thanks for your support and fabulous art work
Dan Patrick had the best take: Vick isn't your avg pocket passer. Officials let him play. Hard to tell w/ him, runner vs passer
you're gonna miss this face
Ok.. next game
Wow, that's a find. Thank you
Hey, thanks to the entire team.
I suppose it's against #mnleg rules for to wear Helga horns? Too bad.
Zach got screwed! WOO WOO WOO, You know it!
Just came from dave&busters first time going and it was fun!!
yeah, the #Braves: they are clearly over-performing. I mean, I like the Braves too but I'm not expecting playoffs this October
Thank you kindly!
ok, but how do you police flopping? What is considered a flop, any exaggerated movement or only those with zero contact?
Heading to U of O Career Symposium !
Breakfast with Uncle BooBoo at Denny's was great. Love that dude...has always been a great role model!
#HeyItsOk ...to secretly hope you'll be on Cash Cab every time you catch a taxi.
Ride it.
not enough hours in the day!!!! Fuck the WRC
YES!! Every time I have a sighting I high-five someone.
Little girl grow the hell up for real
Hi! :) I am doing good and hope you are too.
RT!! ": It's Monday, and I hate everyone."
Please make it the weekend...or July
What is your true need in regards to improving your business right now?
Happy Beethoven's Birthday!
Just bought the rest of 's "Whatever" (:
Janet is doing another shoot with blackglama. U heard it here first!
#ImNotTheType that will call you a whore cause you did things with some guy. That's your business
I'll leave it to your deft writing skills to answer that question in a future article.
good game tonight must takeover these last 3 games
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
Leather begins to reveal its real beauty as it ages and when you can have your hands rapped around layers of petinaed skin you creat majic
Off to work
you made me shat myself when I saw this legit game!! Now I want it!
thanks doll (:
The address part of prayer distinguishes it from worrying out loud, which many, unfortunately, have confused w/ prayer: Willard
Tweet #300... #swag has to be the most overused word in the last 4 years. And most people don't even use it correctly
Happy dads day!
all four little pieces with the GLUTEN FILLED BREAD.
Tonights show postponed until tomorrow. Need some family time!!
thanks for letting me check in online this time, all fixed?
You can catch me, witta hand full of liquor or puffin on a sweet swisher
is she a good dancer or a bad dancer?
Countdown to SPI Summer 2012 has begun! Just a month and half until summer 1 sessions!
Good luck to our friends in the SXSW accelerator competition!
Thanks for track tips and
i miss u too ;)
#OomfNeedsTo come spend the night ;)
Some of the best personal growth comes from doing things you're afraid of/nervous to do. Traveling to a new destination
You are correct, sir!
It's always the right time to watch them again! :)
No I'm in a JUST DON'T CARE ABOUT ANYBODY MODE!
Follow and watch him YouTube for some great pranks!!!
C'mon England. Need a positive day today.
Was Manu Chao popular when you studied abroad?
soo guys I'm glad that I stumbled upon this band called The Mid summer classic. You guys are awesome :D
Sorry for party rocking
ah, enjoying some spring training baseball. I have missed Ed and DJ's banter.
WOAH WOAH WOAH!!! Somebody took Emily to meet or .... Something??
ibeen Reyna hang out with you -.-
I spit adverbs uniquely
i seen it alot of times already
omg really ? -___- its cause i barely get on twitter on my computer . lol put a Heat background & ill put a laker one lol .
Would love to hear you work! Let me know when you perform...
#FF Congrats on season 1 of #Holliston ! I'm watching #Frozen right now...u are a twisted genius!!!!
had a blast in the country....
congrats to Coach K!!
Lmaoo I'll give you that one..that was good..
Now that sounds pretty darn good, too!
Nice work! RT : Justice Court Chief Judge announces changes in how traffic court handles repeat offenders, credits
yeah, whats more impressive being in italia during the summer, or hanging w/ mr. taxi-driver-raging-goodfella-corleone!!
Why do teenagers stand in the middle of the street and talk?
Can't wait for my fitting with The talented Shes making me a custom dress for the show!
Guys I just hate Yu Darvish.
Today's background music is been brought to me courtesy of
New company SMF still set to launch this Fall - New MWW Designs site is next ;)
real good. Just busy training in the middle of nowhere. How's the family
You're very welcome!
i am guessing you decided the mysterious odor was something you could live with
The destination is found in each moment... enjoy the journey! #YouHaveArrived :]
Sorry about that. Will fix it tonight by removing the incorrect Interest list and creating new (correct) one.
make it nasty make it nasty
Who is your favorite artist or band of all time?
My heart beats so fast.
One of the greatest music festivals is the great all mighty SXSW (1,900+ bands)
RT The world always seems brighter when you've just made something that wasn't there before. ~
LOL... Sunday will be a challenge. Hubby will be home & he will ruin it. We'll see. I'll do as much as I can.
was pleasantly surprised by "Changeling," but wishes she could afford to actually GO to a movie...
Another part-time job offer came in. Now I have two options for employment and income. Happy.
Proud to be your second follower!!
Thank you! <3
We're still recovering from the Super Bowl festivities. New #Carmel Daily's will start up again tomorrow!
Authorities probe link between dead woman in N.C. and two doctors killed in N.J. - Philadelphia Inquirer
The first apple native to America was the Roxbury Russet. 350+ years later, it's still used in making fantastic cider!
bolt bus tickets, check. NYC here we come...
Thanks for the Happy Thanksgiving #FF!
15 more days till Varsity Cross-Country starts:)11 more days till Feild Days with little man:)<U+2665>31 more days till School(:. PicPerPic:).Text<U+2665>
Despite my best efforts, Hall of Famer statues at Oriole Park will be cast in bronze, not a mixed media of Legos and cookie dough.
Nothing better than Justin Bieber delivering proactiv to a teenage girls doorstep
Enemys will come in diferent shape and colors!!
Potential for minor creek/stream flooding exists for all of SW/SC and SE WI for X-mas Eve/early X-mas Day
please follow back
Keep trying...Text You of the Day "Just one more time and you will DO IT."
The legendary TV personality Dick Clark has passed away. R.I.P You will be missed!
On the road again. See you soon Bellingham!
at my bestfriends house, while shes at work again... what to do...
Listening to on that tune in NOW ASAP #BackInTheDays I was wearing cross colors & chucks
Can't it be both? I feel the same...
ok I understand. U did say that u busy a lot. We just tweet whenever u on.
Twins are in my family? O.o Cool :D
hey there!
Let him who is without sin cast the first stone.
Congrats on the Grammy Fam!
Somewhere in the world, Brian Urlacher just woke up from a nightmare screaming "knock it down!"
it will be available in an as-yet unimagined format, no doubt. Ether-book?
I wanna go to happy hour...i need to get away for a few hours
I gladly concede that dare #adorable!
haha #ight no one talked all period
big surprise there haha
A little Rush pre faceoff, love it!
Went for my first drive! Millvale to South Side :D I didn't die getting here either!
ah burke we need to chill too when i get better!
Worst Fucking school day ever
Ozaukee County is a small place
Excited to get booted and suited with and Saturday AM
Me and are going to be best friends <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I'd like to see the Chargers grab LaMichael James aka the next Darren Sproles
My Quote of the Day - "Intellectuals solve problems, geniuses prevent them. ", Albert Einstein
We're hurt! RT: I haven't lived there since 1994. So... none? RT: I'm from Philly. What clubs do you recommend?
Well behaved women rarely make history
#MyPastRelationships taught me that being a playa is not good
- oh it's really big smiley face :))))))
Played tonight on two of my poker accounts doing the Chris Ferguson $1 to $10k and had a good night on both sites adding 10% to my bankroll
R.I.P. Ben Gazzara. A John Cassavetes regular, a terrific gentleman and actor. I did a pilot with him.
I don't know if I am being spammed by people whose accounts have been hacked into or if there really are rumors circulating about me...
if you are ever short of time - TRAVAIL can always pop somewhere for a bit of wine tasting to help you out - Lisa x
Thank you !! Meeting went great and I got my wish...
My body hates me. ugh :/
Love doesn't need to be perfect. It just needs to be true.
CAN I PLZ HAVE A SHOUTOUT?
This girl in this movie my dad is watching is my freaking twin bitch wise lol.
Just passed T.D. a note, "I will give you my kidney if you suit up." RT T.D. honorary Bronco captain for coin toss...
just win the lotto
Stop trying to fit in when you were born to stand out.
Think big; move small; fast.
Thanks for the RT! Happy Thanksgiving.
Glad you like it! Help spread the word, and if you have any questions, just ask!
Thanks to for visiting our office this morning. Watch WJZ TV at 5:15 and 6:30 to see weigh in on super bowl ads!
Ok so I know I've been tweeting u all day buy I'll stop soon. So how was ur day? Did u get a lot of encouraging tweets?
140 characters isn't enough for a tweet, I have to talk in all slang and I don't like it :LL
Cuz you're hot and wouldn't have a problem finding ready and willing partners. And that's a beautiful thing, sexy.
LOVIN THIS SONG <U+2665>
have u ever had a recycled dream? Like dream deja vu? You're in the dream going "I've dreamt this before."
She my lovely lady my love love lady
Definitely got that joke ;)
I love ! Congrats to them for all their success
what are your sources saying about manning?
GUYS THAT'S NOT JUSTIN SINGING S&M LMFAO.
awesome! look forward to it!
5/14-Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: JJ Ramirez
I still don't understand how Rangers fans feel bad for Devils fans. At least the Devils win the Cup more than once every 50 years.
"Have attention when you see me pledge allegiance to my swag!"
Restaurant review: Red Parrot Asian Bistro
#9RoundMinute: 30 Alternating Reverse Lunges paired with 20 Jumping Jacks! Here we go, #Madison!!
It's Friday! Woohooo!! Happy Friday y'all
Well Futurama Is On I Guess Ill Watch That Oh Well HMU On The Cell
no, the white phone
“: Had to dial-into the Wrealm right quick and drop some knowledge ”. He's at it again
Hey. What are you wearing? ;)
<U+200E>49ers vs. Steelers, Power is out and game is on Hold !!
FACE RAPE
No no, exception to the TV in an outdoor living! :-) And yes I do go every summer. Home sweet home! :-)
Study hard for those exams Hoyas, spring break is right around the corner!
Nominations are now open for the SREB/iNACOL National Online Teacher of the Year Award in K-12 education. See www.nationalonlineteacher.org
all I've gots an iPhone. Where you at? I'll "maps" it on my iPhone and bring you my phone to use tracking him down. Thanks
HAAHAHAA...omg can't stop laughing now.
Life begins with you! Then 24/7 and always you make the toughest job look easy. Happy Mothers Day to all you awesome moms out there! Thx Ma!
Can you ask about Mayers? Why was he scratched? Very puzzling.
My childhood asthma was severe enough for hospitalization too. Now I manage my food allergies & don't have regular attacks!
Making chocolate chip muffins for breakfast!
Four day weekend ahead! So excited to hang out, sleep in & do nothing.
Babies love typewriters.
i have a weird connection to that book too. the author is the sister of someone i went to college with.
back to the 608 today<3
Aw, this is the third week in a row Austin doesn't do an Austream.. Oh well, he's making something special for us that's much better :)
I will keep you updated on the ALDS & NLDS scores tonight. I will report the score from the Yankees vs. Tigers game 1.
I may be young but I Really love you and Your music, can't wait to meet you one day (:
so was the move for today?
your coming Sat right? FoxandHounds
we shot two new sketches this weekend
Yes, kill. Kill indeed.
these tracks are crazy
What do you call it when your snake won't get up? A reptile distinction.
Off to A BBQ then home and who knows....
Make sure you stay tuned to download the new album by HOME Team's very own Circuit Breaker 11.11.11!!!
Just registered with Twitter!
I hate how I get sleepy around this time!! My schedule all screwed up bcuz how I be working Smh
Good lord! It's Ark II!
we tend to forget that these animals we bring to capitivity are wild by nature and are hard wired long before we got to train them
This is the last week of 25% off on ALL Dresses and ALL Menswear!
Are you in Hampden tonight? From 5-7 PM YOURS will have a T-shirt sale. $2 per shirt 3 for $5. Stop on by 3528 Chestnut Ave and get YOURS.
I love your Twitter page's backgroud!
did the just upgrade the left field video board? No changes to the others?
There are too many "rules" in fandoms these days. Like, just shut up and support your idol however you want to.
MT: DC peeps - It's good to follow : "Crowd at Freedom Plaza has grown to aprox. 1000 // street remains closed. MPD on scene"
i go so hard they call me go so hard....
you always make me laugh even when I'm having a bad day<3
that would be so sick
I think the reason these two paragraphs or so on Max Yergan are giving me the fits is because I'm trying to build them from sec. sources.
Hay, come home soon. We miss you.
#digitalindia Social media in the context of our missions. JSTOR Facebook page. Users ask questions, say nice things, offer critical advice
please shoot me an email and I'll shoot you specs. Should be super easy.
I'm proud to say Serenity is a pop-punk baby. :') that's my girl.
Exercise should be regarded as tribute to the heart
We're supporting #Austin businesses and local sports #Texas by watching the #Holiday Bowl tonight Hook 'Em Horns!
Pretty excited about the next session: Fit Together: How Fitness Goes High-Tech + Social.
yes sir
so I'll check the weather wherever you are cause I wanna know if you can see the stars tonight it might be my only right
#DeadlyTermsUsedByaWomen GO AHEAD: this is a DARE NOT permission, DO NOT DO IT!!!
is hosting a food drive for the holidays! Bring your canned goods between Nov 21st and December 5th!
SIGN DREW BREES!!!!!!
Wife & I paid $22 to ride Metra round trip from Oak Park to Geneva. That's not value.
Treat yourself to a signature facial and brow wax at Wauwatosa Wellness Center, only on www.crowdclick.com
Precious boyfriend is home finally :)
go jenny go. U r amazing and u r gonna kill it!
Just saw your hands competition. Looked amazing as usual!
OMG they are coming to chicago?????? :O
- told me: I live my life at 1 speed, either you keep up or get left behind. Most passionate man working in sports!
love you hehe
Put moratoriums on Obama email kickers and drinking in the loop this week. Both excellent decisions to avoid boredom.
hm that means we can spend some time together inside ;) lmao
At hot 104.1 About to talk to
Wish I had remembered my merch tonight. :') Played a fun show with Carolyn Miller, Stewart Pillow, and Roxie Randle.
hey brian, thanks for giving a shit what I say.
How is that rebuild coming? 4 hours now of being down
Giving thanks for being able to traverse and run in multiple lanes. dmp
Ira Glass redeemed himself with a great show about lobbying, $ & SuperPACs. U.S. congressmen & women spend time raising $, not governing.
what up big dogg how the school thing.......
#Redstweetup tonight. Or, as we call it, a night at the ballyard with
is it weird if i go see Avengers again? lol
last week of school
thanks to for most useful study deisgn ideas!
Thanks for the retweet. We're looking forward when we will get together again!
Hello Darlin, nice to see ya.
Pineapples Bitch u doin to much
alas, 'twas not me...
Love this! Way to start the holiday weekend!
The day's almost over...so happy! Almost there...
Aw shucks, we're blushing.
Today's the day!! Woots! Long day ! :D
We are still moving but we love you guys!
Really NOT lookin forward to seein all my flowers when i get home tonight, theyre all gonna be dead :/
It's my muthaafuckin birthday betches!!!!
5/7/1777->S Parsons:As are invalids or too weak to proceed yet from Inoculation or other causes might remain till they recover more strength
Cant think about giving it up
": I thought you was moving yesterday?" I had Marlena graduation to go to so i was only able to move a little stuff
Hello Monday Morning, what does this week have in store?
“: Haha this boys said ”Sam's” when he meant TOMS haha” those are my knockoffs coming soon
I just got tix for NLCS Home Game 1. Hope I didn't jinx your
Housewives of Atlanta...here we go!
so does Nike+ actually measure the distance for you?
Good grief. RT : Hamilton ties game with ninth homer of week and 18th of season.
are you here?
Ate to much now I'm sleep
Do it!
Abandon all hope.
Really proud of my for starting a new business and helping to make us all a little more beautiful :)
Congrats to all that made the jim nantz award's top twenty! , Andrew Kanell...
Wow, Christopher Plummer is the epitome of class. Outstanding.
it's been a year bro
Tyler fell asleep and has the cutest squished face. Im resisting every urge to kiss all over it! [Its the little things] <U+2764>
yea man
Im about to be 21 next week damn niggas gettin old !
RT (from 2009!) : My Goal of the Day: Fully listen to my critics, even if they may not know exactly what they're critical of.
yeah what type of gamification? Like for marketing stuff?
Can't believe my cousins got to see Criss Angel Mindfreak in Vegas..I used to watch his show all the time!
Bored outta my damn mind........
My smile hides all of the pain kept inside
Shout out to and for participating in a panel discussion and tour for high school students!
OMG PLEASE FOLLOW ME TEAM BELLA STOP BULLYING NOW ANY TYPE OF BULLYING STOP IT NOW WITH BELLA NOW LOVE YOU RT
well said Zach!! Well said!! Thank you for saying that!! ..bri
Sweet treat of the day ... If you're in NYC stop by for a Mini cupcake !! (only 80 cals) and the best ive ever had !!
Lov it it looks amazing on u <3 plzz follow me
When my Wii controler dies :( no Netflix tonight
"we in here talking about PRACTICE!" A.I.
Walking behind a chain smoker the whole way to work is not my idea of a great way to start the day.
"Now is the time. Needs are great, but your possibilities are greater."
I am not very kind when I editorialize during sports :)
ewww I looked UGLY!!!
Wishing everyone in NOLA and anywhere else celebrating Fat Tuesday tomorrow a Happy #MardiGras!
Ten Bold Predictions for Book Publishing in 2012 by
:o( Nothing you could do!
Ok so here's our public service announcement for the evening...friends...don't forget it's Mother's Day this month! Just sayin.
i cnt wait either -.-
I wonder if u could submit a candidate hoarder for students to work on?
Please help me .!!! I Need more followers.!!!!! Love You Monsters <3
go to sleep you guys .. O hey girls lol
Happy 4th of July! Have a fun and safe celebration!
": I'm done. #seriously ; Linzie, your tweets tonight are making me very sad :(
ohh yess i did! i always try you girll! you know me! And your never at school i miss you!!!
I knew you could do it. Yes! “: you did it!! We just picked your name! You're welcome:)”
Does it really matter if STAT plays Game Four? We're done anyway. Let's be realistic.
SpaWeek has been such a success that we are extending it until Oct. 31!!! Book ur $50 treatments 2day!
Youre still the blame for it months ago tho lmaoo RT : What started the Steve Francis slander this time?
Please give me a shoutout
": I'VE GOT THE MOVES LIKE JAGGER! ....LOL jk, I dance like a retarded penguin..."
I'M THE FUCKING BAD GUY THAT'S JUST WHO I AM!!!!!!!!!!!
I'd better win this one! I'll bribe the judge.
Are you ready?
#NameForMyChildren AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE JR AND APRIL... Last and middle idk :)
wishing I could drive my car around and hear #withoutyou on the radio! Good thing everyone else can!
A 91 and 95 in the same night (65mph zone), and its a Tuesday!?
Thank u. Sorry u couldn't make the seminar.
#BeThere for celebration and recognition! Happy Mother's Day!
nothing yet, but you will if you're late to the Heat game. Get moving!
Might I recommend marbles - the rules and lexicon are taught child to child (one of the many reasons I analyze them)
We fear rejection, want attention, crave affection and dream of perfection.
<< good morning! How's the Charlie horse? Good mothers day?
Enjoying a great night out @ Paul & Jack's (NKC) for Make-A-Wish--beautiful night, cold beer & great music! Come down if ur in KC Metro
Contemplating a trip to the tower in H'wood; Atman location for The Long Goodbye. Marlowe's pad.
Listening to Keef Richards on NPR's "Fresh Air"
they tried to get him to go to prom with this chick at Roosevelt. Didn't work lol
Cobb Galleria is a no-fly zone. Good memories :) “: So good to see at #DSum12! Haven't seen u since Neverland. ;)”
Yum. done.
Did I really just end up taking a two hour nap? Smh.. Time for the late night workout... Lol
Happy Easter everyone.
stuffing my face full of panda before work
Srsly, HWood, stop with the illusion dresses. If you have to wear nude inserts to make it work, you've missed the point. Sheesh!
Tonight's class-teaching the cognitive and emotional mind to work in harmony.
in most cases yes, but the lines get blurred with the increase in tablet usage
Nothing better than 2 prepare 4 your weekend w/ Extend&Restore this morn 8:30am!! Beverly Hills
Have you stopped by for coffee/pastries at our cityhouse bakery located in the lobby? We have espresso!
Had to talk taxes for a few hours and then my laptop caught on fire. Actually not too bad for a Monday!
Holy crap I just met Stephen Schwartz! Holy crap holy crap holy crap
Thanks for the RT,Your awesomeness!
Going to see in Madison tonight. He's up against the opera and street capoeira on state street.
And my mother left me at home .. Oh well <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
What music do you like to get massage to? If the band is local, that's even better!
You know your Doing something right when you get sore from a work out
do you know any girls in our grade that look like a man .
I will have to check that one out!
Tweet bout ur retArded friends
yeah, because the lakers utilize their post presence so well.
Driving down PCH with the top down, rocking out to Led Zeppelin, wondering if its too late to call in sick to work.
Pending the food challenges, Violet had outgrown tree nuts!!!!
kindly follow back :)
The drawing will begin shortly!
I can't wait to see what and Double Fine do with over 3 million bucks. It's sure to be great!
#TeamSharon all the way! Spooky!
ALERT: Evangelical guitarist with amplifier near Finger Fountain. Approach with caution. (via )
Main char already James (not Jim). I like Hugh. Do we like Hugh Fremont? It's funny this one's eluding me: based loosely on husb!
walk over.
Alright... I Have Netflix streaming, Hulu Plus, HBO GO, etc... do none of these have Dark Angel on them? I never got to see that show...
and that would be a bad thing because.....
people tweet you some pretty weird things..
Its been a while! :) Glad you're coming down! How have you been?
“: Detroit friends: Wow. 10-0 #gotigers” [do the kids in Berlin watch the Tigers? #progress]
; too dread my hair or chop it off & have my lil curly fro, decisions. . . decisions <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> im still deciding tho.
awesome! I got an ARC at the PNW Booksellers Assn Conf, and have been passing it around Central.
Feeling Blessed.
Bad hair day
I did I did
Crap looks like Shumpart tore something
Sure, what's the location?
exchanged during a typical French
live streaming the Streamy Awards
Buy it. Not as good as the self-titled, but still totally worth the money!
Happy Birthday Sir Webb
Going for a walk in the sunshine
get yo hair dne like one of ours den.
I'm glad to have a fag like you in my life too.
when you come in I will explain it to you. You can use the 30 pounder...
Happy Birthday :)
Serving GREAT food until 3:30 am. Stop in for a snack or a meal. You won't be disappointed.
I hate when people assume I'm into the hardcore scene, I'm not at all..
hey guys if you put us in your #ff we and will follow you back and put you in both of our #ff's. go go go! :)
Driving through Louisiana listening to R&B. Just heard a song called " I fell in love with you at the barbecue.".
well at least you'll be inside where it's warm! But thanks!
congrats, i soon be moving to LA
Or cheese making. I'm expanding my campus.
u guys have baby's now<U+E105>
Hey Eric! Thanks 4 following me! I pray that God would continue to bless u more & more this year. Looking frwd 2 connecting!
What I have learned about building an employee benefits team in a rapidly changing marketplace; articled appeared in Benefits Selling mag.
knows me too well.... <333 Hes too cute! What can i do!?
Nick Markakis hits one right to Ivan Nova's ankle, but the #Yankees pitcher stays in the game. Speaks values of his toughness.
awe sweet!!! That's AMAZING!! <3
That's good, right? But what'll you do for the rest of the semester?
i did a part time gig there during last holiday, so im partial to them over sur
Reverend Christine. You are the best. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. I hope life is good for you.
We see what kind of President Obama is, no matter what he may change to this is what he will go back to, Look at his Friends!
When we got married I told my wife "If you leave me, I'm going with you. And she never did.
How do you miss both free throws? Should have won that one.
“Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.” ~Tom Krause
When people you care about make stupid decisions
thanks for helping the girls <3 fucking bad ass.
<U+266B> "... baby I don't know just what gets in me, all I know is it wont be ending... baby I'm a just a freakin' out for your good." <U+266B>
LOL! What would that be...hm...I wonder! LOL!
ur interview thing?
Check out my new track ft. Drake on myspace at www.myspace.com/theofficialmwillz
A brand new sharpie
thanks for joining us at dinner last night - we will come visit you soon too ;)
May 22nd needs to be here now. -.-
The best is yet to come...
I don't know. I grew up in the Valley and I'm embarrassed to admit I never really ventured. So, I'm excited to see what you find.
Thanks for the welcome and hope the Starbucks is keeping you amped!
#teamfollowback hit me up and I shall return the favor. :)
DS: Yeah... 2 days before the draft... Time i get this TT going for
I find a good sugar high along with a diet coke to be very helpful! Good luck writing!
fuck relationships who needs them anymore
I can't stop beaming!
yes that began his obsession with pinching backsides.
Yes i will yell at you if you try cut me in line at the bagel store! #ActRight biatch im a grown ass man
Getting ready to hop in my dad'splane to lake Tahoe......going to check out some art shows at a couple of galleries!
GTE is good, GEG is better. I'm going san Quentin style.
Just watched The Vow. I don't get it. Why did people like it so much? It was frustrating and dumb.
#GoTribe This is a Tribe called go figga. Cuz, u Neva know what we gonna do. ~Phife HA!
I still remember the feeling i felt when i first started talking to you. <U+2665>
Hmm. Maybe I'll start throwing the trash under my front porch! That's it! Grey Gardens II!
so jealous !
This Conversation is Everything right Now!!!
Ah the guy who does my local news is GORGEOUS :')
and people wonder why I keep my facebook and my twitter seperate... Not trying to have drama everywhere I go.
*kills self*
This email to the CFO of Simon Malls is pretty difficult to write.... Sound ambitious, smart, and anxious
I guess Kaleb is doing his best but this still sux.
Did you know we're playing Hollywood Alley on the 27th at 10pm?
i cant wait to see him tomorrow night! :)
It's not that I'm keeping anything from you or living in secret...it's just "my business" is none of "your business!"
I prayed that you would come back to me....it didn't happen
Women aligning so perfectly a weekly gathering
Yay!! Better put it on your calendar.
And remember you will. It's quite the publicity stunt.
Early Bird Pageant Rate Expires Valentine's Day! Make plans now! 2011 Crowned Prince & Princess Charm Pageant!
Thanks BPI for the tons of free supplement samples. Can't wait to test them out!
NEW!!! We just added PayPal Cash Auctions to our lineup! Make sure you stop by tonight, we're also auctioning off a mini HP netbook!
1 out of 5 people in Spain work in construction; much more than in the US. There is a lot of construction visible but many are out of work.
Did you know that your kid can change their facebook settings to control which post you read. I bet your saying not my kid...right?
Dear Niagra Falls. Cant wait to see you May 5thish!
The Bulls are playing with basically their entire bench!!!!! So awesome.
Wow! Over 200 people came out for this live couponing event sponsored by Sac Bee - 1 more chance tonight at 7 pm
Watching my baby have fun in her walker...i can't stop smiling and neither can she :-)
Stressed out or hurting? Have you considered Reiki? Check out my blog at: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
The Apple event at Bel Aire was fantastic and hoping to learn more -- and that you will unblock me :)
me too, do you want to be friends? :) RT ": Well I'm all alone this Saturday night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>"
bet. Ima keep an eye out for it
Bouta Cook Me Some
GOODNIGHT, School tomorrow. Im Outt ;
I know just been koolin it lol
Have a safe and legendary
you forgot about that Hey nick said
oh yes, the perpetual problem of funding for open access . . .
I don't believe you.
I want Elana to be with Damon so bad.
Hope everything is goign well....let us know where you are sitting so we can get the Plate O'Bacon!
Retweets are like sex. The only people who complain about them are the ones who aren't getting any."
Lord help me. I'm at a birthday party full of three-year-olds.
Eff this. I'm going to bed for a week.
Home Bank is celebrating it's 30 year Anniversary this week! Come in to visit us and receive a special present on us!!
Have you looked at Semantic Fields & Semantic Views Modules? (to trim down divitis)
stop yelling in my ear and get to class
Final edits #MomsRock magazine done! Onto the printers, ready in time for Saturdays #BabyBashBling expo. Thanks
i miss my best best best nigga . i ain't even talked to this nigga since thrusday ! i'm sorry, come back ! lmao! i won't neglect you.
Although between the three of us, we might have had an army strong enough to hold off the invading hoards at 3:00 am
another jam session down to the wire! Let's go skittles!!!!
Right.. Just go buttnaked
if you want me in your life, you can find a way to put me there because frankly, I'm sick of trying
The secret is to remember light is both a particle and a wave.
That's a tough kind of writing to do and managing the response is also challenging I'd imagine.
CHA-LUKE--A
hardly....going to have another beer soon....i don't have a crying offspring waking me up at 4am.
prayer is a conversation with God; listening is indeed a key piece of that
aaahhhh be careful
Feeling kinda distant lately
what the / why the
crazy thing is u not even following the crew on twitter!...
hunger games...... #freemovie woo.
And I hope one day you will understand 2 do unto others as the Bible teaches and learn to love ALL of God's children
Fuck it life short
How do you know Eric?
Welcome , and to the twitter feed. Like us on Facebook!
I can't wait Apple to release new iSO to fix battery life -.- battery drain out in one day.. : ( who are with me?? : )
Let's hope.
That sounds about right. The idea of entertainers being insecure and needing tons of validation isnt surprising at all
Will Tim Thomas show up in the All Star Game? After all, Ottawa is the nation's Capitol.
“: If you're ass still looks big in sweat pants you have #bigbootyprobz” story of my life !!
I need a ride home and I don't know anybody with a car except for seniors and they're all gone:((((
Jesus Christ
haha! Still no love for the Aggies I see
ARMA Pres Galina Datskovsky says a common language is necessary for us to communicate.
Our new prints will be coming in the next week or so, we will be sure to contact our followers then.
Uff,its hot.Gonna take a bath.
RT : RT : Ikea 'used Cuban prisoners to make furniture' || I thought it was mostly birch and plywood.
Thank you for following Absolutely Chicago Segway Tours!
The "Debt ceiling" was raised 7 times under Bush with bipart. support. It might B time 2 start thinking, why all the hub bub now? Political?
Mission Hills artists Paul Dean + Mark Fehlman selling art at Espresso Mio Dec 3 to raise funds for Concerts in the Park next summer.
I wish I could dance. So jealous of people who can hahaha
a song called on the way will be released tomorrow? Am I right?
A student undergoing a word-association test was asked why a snowstorm put him in mind of sex. He replied frankly: 'Because everything does.
I have to say, I watched some clips of on SportsCenter, and I would like to add, hell to the yes.
what's ur phone number? I'd kinda like to meet somewhere in the East Village for lunch since I have stuff before/after lunch there
RT : There's only one thing better than football season? 2 football seasons! NCAA Football and the NFL are less than a month away
Do you still buy physical CD's, or have you fully embraced digital?
what if it ends like that woman on strange addictions that started eating her husbands ashes.
Madonna's never shit-talked Gaga, tho. RT : funny how madonna is proud of herself when she is talking shit about gaga ..
Life is good(:
Team Uncle is playing awful. I'm gonna watch wrassling
fuck the other fans who leave you for other celebrities, your true beliebers will be with you every step of the way, like me(:
Thank you Linda, Happy Friday
How do you feel about frilly toothpicks?
many thanks. Feeling pretty good today, I'm looking forward to it
too bad brandon inge got scooped eh?
Gosh i hate seeing old people cry :(
I miss my grandma already <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><U+2708>
Attorney General Koster reaches $76000 settlement with Utah ...
Hey if you're interested in fantasy football, check out the new Fantasy Football Stock Market at www.orpster.com. Coming soon
Sentence of the day: "Newt’s $2.50 plan is as bold as my 9-9-9 tax code replacement plan."
Babe should get better at texting me back while playing minecraft ..
But even Thomas couldn't overcome his hated of toothpaste.
he sure did.
Our pleasure.
ah! Congratulations.
This is poco loco! everything is going really well. ttys
Afternoon panels at #iMappening starting now! Join us in SCA 110 at USC!
Big thanks to for their help spreading the word about ScooterCabs!
Thanks Courtney :D xoxo
awe ur mean :(
DO YOU Agree? According to shrinks, the Foot/Shoe are the most common sources of sexual fetishism in Western society. What is your
There are 2 models in my bathroom in my apartment snorting coke… MLINY
The best plan EVER. We send helicopters with strobes & speakers blarin' George Clinton then the DEA makes use of their stash. Peace at last.
Keep my mind set on point.
I'm not making any promises, but I might just have a "wardrobe malfunction" at the reading tonight.
Direct my footsteps according to your word; let no sin rule over me. -Psalm 119:130
I LOVE YOU. THANK YOU.
Bout to take my happy ass to sleep before I be unhappily tired tomorro at wrk. Nitersz... :)
Best movie of #TFF was #WhileWeWereHere, a gem of unassuming beauty.
Tho, I just downed a cup of coffee, and I'm set for a jog. I have to get outside at least once today and see the sun
Merry Christmas twitter.
#Thor brings out the fanboys and girls. Showing on 3 screens including 2D, 3D and 3D IMAX for an eye-popping $16.50. You should be here.
ohh oh. Having meetings in the oval office with the president ?!? LOL
man who u tellin wait till she walkin
how much is the ticket for the event?
If you say perfect girls aren't real you clearly haven't heard of Liz Gillies.
Looking at this second round NBA playoffs TV schedule. Still don't see the Bulls on it. Weird.
Proud to be following you on Twitter. Looking forward to expanding my IA personal learning network!
Pallas Global Launches Real Estate Investment and Advisory Firm in NYC
I think it would be great if you could get on Up At Noon, for the upcoming reboot.
certainly not the remix my bad peoples. Its the original
gain some followers, lose more followers...</3
I do eat one every day! It's my favorite time of day. Sometimes I have two "favorite times of day" ;)
We are looking for editorial content for the mag! Next edition July/August - diary dates, events, stories, lifestyle required!
Shouts to Stadium Bar for bumpin "Gatorade Shower" on gameday
Best way to start our Mon. Love it Casey! RT btw what u don't see behind those curtains is my new glorious windows
max terry sighting! And I saw andrew castle again.. 3rd floor rezzie all over the place.
Can I get some new followers.. as my birthday gift...
When you coming to Vegas? I'm dying to see you in concert!
I never get to use the computer anymore #geekproblems (I need to go back to school!)
is always on my timeline. Time doesn't matter. 4pm. 3am. 6am. As says, "Cher can do whatever the fuck she wants." <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Another S/O goes to my new follower & tweep Thanks for the follow. Appreciate It
Are you done with finals?!
Did Hugo really deserve half the awards? Don't get me wrong, it was good, but a lot of other movies were good too. Share the #Oscars !!!!
Thanks! I think I can make it! :)
Hell yeah!
U BULLSHITTING? ~~DJ SPIN
That awkward moment when your trying to tell about an awkward moment <<
If #juicebag doesn't trend in NYC today because of being kicked out of - I will lose all hope for society
Keep calm and never forget The Season Of The Superstars.
(: I know I miss you especially too!(: Haha I KNOW!! <U+E412> She's been bitchy haha(: . #Shit she's crazy!!
I am happy! Thanks! Hehe
HA HA HA HA HA Best Yinzer tweet EVER. RT : Just scored a Bag of Crap on n'at!
RT : Getting geared up for tomorrow! Stop by the Demo Pit and check out our cloud workforce platform.
I meant "their".
thx very much!
Today is International Women’s Day. Appreciate the women in your life.
" Philly: Happy Earth Day!"
Update/correction from Marriott lobby. Bon Jovi in the mix too
Roses are red. Violets are blue. Hes for me,not for you. If by chance you take my place, I'll take my fist and smash your face. (:
HAPPY 14TH BIRTHDAY DUDE! Power Of 1997 lol Have An Awsome Day And May You Have Many More B-Days :D
Extra $$ = a dinner on us for all your hard work. (or however you would like to use it)
You say whats on your mind I just be sayin written rhymes!
Wish me luck at dance rehearsal today? Xo.
#ows #occupyoakland Any prison guard who used pepper spray on a seated prisoner would face immediate disciplinary review for excessive force
#apractalk ooh how so? haven't heard of using igoogle as a listening dashboard
#so, I bet that ain't stop niggaz from choosin
: thanks for rt. Have any plans for weekend? Have u seen the new park
() Sorry I missed the tuna ... fortunately I think you have more where that came from!
Hi Kelly follow me here on twitter and thanks for coming to the party ! joey
Talking shop with Laura Rovick about at Influx!
…If I new how to to make a music video…I would have an amazing idea.
what y'all got goin in 2012
Why is Adele running a whorehouse on #MadMen?
yes I am excited!!! I love you
LETS NAME OUR KIDZ HENLEY.
what about a cherry limade? Lol
I'm wearing them =P
BAHAHAHA that's so wrong!!!
Color correction and sound mixing are finished! All that's left is typography!! 'A Place in the World' is about to be completed.
My friend Chris is beyond stupid....
you follow me and your info says Looking for a fuck buddy, condoms are my only rule. I probably won't follow back.
so true
Deep in the Redwood Forest. Driving through a tree!
Our second edition book "Speedlif
Social media is just another vehicle like radio, TV, etc. Just a different audience.
"" new opera SONG FROM THE UPROAR receives rave reviews by , , ,
There is a reason for Everything.. <3
i fucking hate those huge ass gel cap pills ugh.
gotta see tonight on tv
Always get a perfect fit with #jamberrynails: cut them out w/paper attached & trim them a little bit at a time while still on the paper!
prepare for the arrival of and I.
Sir, shame on you!--you weaken our beloved country when you promulgate such poisonous fear and attack ANY of our fine citizens!
Down dog yoga was just what I needed, all the stiffness is gone
It's been a longtime since we tweeted, hard at work Buggs! We will be lifting our veil October 8, Columbus Day Weekend at the Taste of DC!
But US humanities PhD's spend a ton of time teaching, too; part of the reason we take longer. The squeeze would be brutal.
I'm hoping he is encased in a bubble at this point. No more freak injuries.
True, but that accuser has since hired Gloria Allred. That can't be good news for Travolta.
So restless right now
Thanks to those who made our holiday pre-sale so successful! With new donations coming in daily, shop early & often for best bargains.
I'm so bored.. I'm playing stupid games on Facebook.... What is my life?
Taking another "Paradise" day to get writing done. Working on the book finally. It's going great and I'm getting pretty excited about it.
good to know thanks!!
YUM! RT : Oh Gurl!! You've been missing lots, latin Cuban hottie William Levy :)))
can you recommend any business incubation games?
Drum roll please
La Resolana: cuentos have preserved global ideas about who we are
i unfollow and say i never knew you
Aye, I saw this morning when I got up. I was asleep when that text came through at that time. So guy problems eh??
every time i introduce someone to pinterest, i know i changed their life. the question is: for better or for worse?
You mean that Tabasco sauce isn't supposed to be all over the floor
What are you gonna get ?
OMG; that guy works here too. Yuck.
total letdown.
Holy week here in Colombia is so different. I definitely have to make a video post about everything that people do.
Just drank a water bottle, now I'm working on a gatoraid! #sothirsty!
Aw,i feel special lol(;
when your 9 year old, that should be on a charter bus to sedona calls you....
thanks ! - i was impressed by your info activism
wow i just left and we where up by 8 points smh, lets get this W Pacers!
Our Center offers two full basketball courts in an indoor gymnasium with Tara flex flooring.
Amen : What a day!!!
i'M VERY GOOD THANKS AND YOU?
My hairs getting longer <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
I'm not sure! I hope so!
to watch out for the next 8 years we have him for.
mind if i face book this!? Thanks B
thanks for freaking me out today!! i seriously about died!!(: lol
AUDITION: Queen Fallopia in RIPPED!
Thanks for the welcome...impressed so far!
shit out the way at the moment... What the event??? I got a new dope idea when u got time to chop it???
I had a GREAT TIME at Spin. "I know you had a great time frank, the whole town knows you had a good time Frank"
Hey ; iFound your nose , iT was iN my business aqain .
Say it like it is! "Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with." - Bach
THAT is amazing, and CREEPY
Playing at Buttons in Fort Worth this Wednesday, 7-10pm. With special guest, Lewis Stephens, on piano! Always a good time!
Test Tomarro ! :l
okay sixers. gotta not do what you did two nights ago.
why is this lil girl tryin to talk to me using four DIFFERENT communication mediums?? GO TO SLEEP
Nah for real though, you can always call me! lol 0:-)
i love Ariana's impressions of different singers! Not only can she sing any song & hit any note, but she's insanely good at impersonations<U+2665>
Jammin to some soca on this flight!! I'm amped to hot a soca party in the DMV! Woo
I like watching you
just catted on me super hard!!! Smh it never fails, the cat always find me
Can't wait for fullerton!! :D
Guys help us get in touch w/ He won tix for 's concert this week. RT us so he doesn't l lose his tix
You can vote once a day.
Had a wonderful 16th Birthday!!!:))
They a handful. You can take them cuzzo. Lol.
today is Daily WOD Rest Day Bacon Wrapped Steaks Only The Strong Surive: Lift To Live Longer - Yahoo CrossFit WOD
I'm really in the mood for some of Samuel L. Jackson's hotzpacho for lunch
reminder William Lawrence will be speaking about ATAG (Authoring Tool Accessibility Guidelines) on July 20, 5 PM in Room 215 at MLK library.
IM me if U would like to talk
Awww I miss my buddy, we used to run to each other and then he'd carry me and twirl me around like in the movies..i miss his hugs :'(
have you ever seen a bunch of working people giggle like children? Get a shuttle and sit back
I had dinner love. May be
Smh..H.O.E
I lost 2 followers last night. That's ok.
so cute! You look like you could be on Mad men or something !
": Vegas fa my birthday? Fuck yeah! Finna be live inat bitch." We getting trippey mayne(juicy jay)
The dreams you see most clearly are most likely to come true. Barney the dinosaur
cute guys Happy Birthday to you A-Meezy (:
RT : COMAL RIVER TOMORROW! MEETING AT #BROADWAYBAR AT 2:30PM! DON'T SAY I DIDN'T WARN YOU!--> AND WE WILL BE OPEN !!!!!
Been there done that love that! Now I gotz me a Frenchie....and the cycle begins again! :)
thank you. God bless.
yea I still do
If in ur relationship u've cried more than 2x for the SAME thing... then I recommend u wipe off both ur Tears & the Relationship. Move on!
Great session #designthinking on Friday!
RT RT Having a female dog spayed b4 her first heat virtually eliminates her risk of breast cancer. Spay & Neuter!!
Just got a tour of #channel7news! :)
Battleship is a movie? Seriously? This is the drivel that Hollywood wants us to swallow? Can I ask any more questions in 140 characters?
if I go, I'll try.
“I would rather regret the things that I have done than the things that I have not”
Question, do you have your own solo dance video? Because I've been looking everywhere, and I can't find any D:
Agree RT : ..shame UX, UI, and Dev r always separated. At minimum the boundaries should be blurred. ..better if erased.
Fernet about it!
& fellow Berkeley folk reversing the roles of users and systems - IP over xylophone players - I want to play!
The best part of this place is the part where our children disappear into the woods while we continue to sit here and drink pitchers.
there will be a no yelling rule lol we're going to get it resolved
My bad, he was in there waiting on me. An extra 8 minutes. Oops!
For some reason it feels like a new day. Funny how the quiet comes after the storm.
Lol I only fooled myself
Shyam Das (arbitrator who overturned Braun's suspension) apparently was fired last week... Did anyone else see that?
1st not a huge fan of new twitter, but haven't seen it more than 1 minute
Got recognized as "that guy" at the on 20th and layton. Awesome.
download of recent activity in OFX/QFX format is broken. Again. Argh!
Haha. Agreed! RT the mustache is real. The rest is not
that's likely true, and here are 3 reasons why...
Spoken like some1 from Hibbing, MN RT Only good thing about hip hop music is that it's phenomenal when covered by a rock band
yo where u going to be at tonight
exactly. Gotta be honest, sad it's the last game but I won't be eating Domino's for quite a while after this.
#7HOURS till we are saying good bye to the nonbeliebers
my current business cards say "information professional"
10 mins for a crap load of US data.
Crew-neck weather
36 hours in jail starts now...fml
I will teach you how to speak portuguese :)
ohh crap its EMINEM'S BIRTHDAY
We did it! We reached 300 followers! 305 to be exact! Keep spreading the word and come see us at Tomcats West tonight!
The #Brewers let an opportunity get away?
your mom let's you drink already?
Nassau PD: 3 armed masked men invaded Hempstead home on Grove St., bound 1 woman, raped another, and another suffered seizure; stole cash
that is awesome your kids are supportive!
Too much going on. Uggghhh
the sleeping giant was awakened, no longer Apathetic State University
RT : What an incredible night tonight! 'Topes win 8-1 and move into a tie for first.
When was the money for Coolidge and Roosevelt SUPPOSED to be in Ward 4??
New Zealand? Anyone going? Email me!
American idol girls are horrible to night
these times are hard. and they're making us crazy. don't give up on me baby... </3 ugghhhh..
Hoarders time!!!
I think it's important to explore the nuanced difference particular community makes to gender/sex knowledge production ...
SO jealous! You will have to share pictures of everything when it's all grown up!
When these #lakers are healthy they are UNSTOPPABLE aka CHAMPIONS!
haha yeah was probably tired of watching them lose
Praying for the Roche family, and mourning the loss of a precious neighbor and friend. We will miss you, Louise.
30 years ago, U.S. led the world in % of 25-34 year-olds with at least a two-year degree; 2009, U.S. lagged 14 other developed countries
yankton, sd until I move back to Omaha
Guetta doing Good Feeling! Omg! Amazing!
Awww, thank you!
We're admittedly on the fence because unfortunately we'll be working during this trip. Sweden is far :P
Christmas lights in November: Festive hell or London saviour? - London24 London24 Christmas lights in November: Festive hell or London s
I'm getting paid by academic satisfaction aka an A grade.
1st time in awhile I held a baby .. did it leave me w/ a desire to be a mommy? Nope! I'm happy to be a card carrying auntie.
You'll never find another friend like me!
what's your plans for tomorrow?
Do you still love nature, despite what it did to you?
Happy Mothers Day to all the moms, grandmas, etc. out there!! Hope you all had a wonderful day!! :-)
Okay, all of the fans understand Michael. hahahah.
Soo who wants to help me with my bracket?
Friendship often ends in love; but love in friendship - never.
First Drinks will be the new UK distributor of CEDC brands #Zubrówka Bison Grass Vodka and #GreenMark, the world's fourth largest vodka.
Mixed tryouts for the YCC team today. Over 70 kids will be out today. Good luck to everyone!
Excellent tweets! Thanks so much!
when u coming to Milwaukee? Listening to Lucky Now on we need a tour stop soon!
I hate Carmelo Anthony's game... But wow!!!
": #ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate "What's your name again?""
I love reading riders. I just imagine what I'd put in mine... at least 6 bottles of Perrier fer sure.
I'm in love! So nice.
do you know if y'all are coming to Dallas over Christmas at all?
There are two rules for success: #1.) Don't tell all you know.......
I'm so gonna work at starbucks this summer
hahaha me too. But im rlly nervous cuz its my first year in high school & its a rlly big school :o
Hay Hay SmoothE the trax are on the way- they will arrive on Mon or Tues all seperated and ready to go for you! ;-)
For every superb goal (volley against Man City in April '11, then this string of strikes of late), he disappears.
Awesome! Thanks!
Officially addicted to
Any thoughts? RT : En route to the Mesa Historical Museum to get a sneak peak at its new aviation exhibit
I can't remeber the last time I got more than 6 hours. Who cares
have they announced OW?
If I was smarter as a younger man I would've spent all my tuition money (and late nights) on lynda
That IHop was so good.
we agree! where were you last time we were there huh?
tmi? i want a chiropractor!
This week in #thehumanevent: Dreger's history of conjoined twins, queer theory by way of Stein & Plummer, Duggan, Sloop + "Boys Don't Cry"
We're excited to have on the Tweet Jam pannel about the evolving role of DAM! Tune in Wed April 18 at 10am PT for
Today is National Take Your Child to Work Day! How many of you are taking your ninjas with you today??
"I let my haters be my motivaters."
Do you own a copy of that book? and can I borrow it--for research purposes exclusively.
RT : Hey all, thanks for following! Have you been to the site to register? It's free!
The coming King, worth everything, is more than Enough for me.
Recently became obsessed with kayaking..."We go. We row. Our muscles grow." Lovely little rhyme by the refreshing Janine Ortiz.
“: Lax players are people who quit baseball #BaseballSwag” ironically true..
what do you play??
Good! Our theatre should do that show...like now.
I had on my flight today such a gentleman and
were you in that crush of peeps gate? We're watching from across the street
yup...his name is nick
thats the definition of hating....
Awesome! :) #JennieOCFK It's one of our fave swaps.
can't imagine Fredette winning Best male college player.Shocked it wasn't Kemba or Cam. #ESPY'S
my sister forges my signature on notes to check herself out of school.. that tricky bitch..
... but editing an essay on an iPhone? Not as much. We feel mobile has become an exp. of *any* online comm., hence our release
awww i miss you :]
That is not normal for you anymore?
Freshest MexicanFood In Austin- Breakfast Tacos Migas and More Happy Hour all day on SAt. Free Queso with $5.00 purchase
eye hope your appointment goes well
its fuckin Easter Ben get it right....
i cant find anything to wear
Woot! Mag's should do a pirate dinner.
deal. I'm not good with handling death....
Yes. Very similar. Good observation.
playing now!
They Prolly Do & They Take Away Minutes When They Text So They Betta Stop.
Kid Rock and Guy Fieri, together again for the first time.
and I don't ewwwwwww sick...if it was ment for same sex marriage God would have had males be able to have babies..lol no thanks.
Got an opportunity for a webinar for in February - interested?
i dont know RT what do you mean ? :o
My life's spent in breathing, observing, absorbing, eating, praying and loving. My love is spent in thoughts and fancies, hope and wishes.
working out to make my butt bigger. :)
Integrating an international PPC campaign on your website can be a very cost effective way to advertise yourself globally.
Yea it seems nice so far, a gorgeous drive up here. A little cold though! We are heading up to Grand Canyon tomorrow to check it out.
Ha! Right on.
Merry Christmas from The Freshman Survival Guide!
sorry getting the world aware of what we do in France with glad you had a good time
There are reasons why you shouldn't own a tiger or two.
<-----from last night wen I was on my level
#emorydisc Garland Thomson talks about how #FaceTime is used by #ASL users. Have seen this myself at
my dude its not letting me retweet wtf?
not likely. It's coming up soon right? I may make last minute journey. Too good to pass up
Check out , , and, what the heck--maybe as well (per your most recent tweet!)
Old man drive.n 2 close i hit da brakes on him, he speed pass me & shoot me the bird. I pull up n say wuzup he said he's high right now
Weed & Drinks
good for you for being who you are. Lady GaGa would be proud. :-)
One last special thanks to Rosie Tripp. Her dedication to NM and the RNC is inspiring. I will miss her and Don greatly!
So youre mad at me because I said no when you asked me if you could bring your best friend to my birthday party? Lmfao OKAY
yeah it's stupid smh
Eyes heavy, body tired....
Dying to study in London next year!! any one have an extra $30,000??
You better be seeing it live this week !!!!!!! aka your number 1 fan
pet supplies store
I think the little 1,500 word story I banged out yesterday is polished & complete now. First thing I've written in a long time. Feels good.
That was a very entertaining post. And relatable. :)
dahhhhh so good! Too bad we didn't get a chance to meet in person! Great show.
There are no space aliens in Bumblyburg!
morning and good evening from America :)
Even the best fall down sometimes, and even the stars refuse to shine
my sister is having a lil boy in December :)
hey Mrs. Pal! Have not seen you in a while!
ok good...you have a good tumblr!
oops I thought you said two WORDS that shouldn't mix...
Hello, noticed the #BIWisdom chat, interested to see what is discussed.
I hope the Chicago Bulls saved their game before they played this last one.
I just want you and her and her and her! !!
It's such a skill, to be able to offer a beautiful eulogy- that must have been a great comfort to all.
All I can do is wish him the very best in all he does with all honesty...
i hope all's well; remember jcdl 2012? could you work on one more piece; it's a flier. let me know. - barrie
kilbourn public library #Dells awesome gorgeous country
It's National #Engineers Week! How are you celebrating?
_can't really enter caption contest being on theradio but if I could "they found the 51st shade of grey."
Just saw Jesus at for all those sleeping. So apocalypse is impending.
Get it Nat! RT : This is going to be a great month! :)
The Honda Center is amped for start of Waiting for Velasquez and Dos Santos to enter
Cup of noodle and ps3.
readdy for tennessee yet?!!! :)
Lol that was pretty funny not gonna lie
On the couch, a disastrous mess with , fuck all guys. Seriously.
3 days and a wake up!
Committing "Facebook suicide"
ah yes. the problem with easy start programs is getting around to learning more. I set aside 1 day/Q to read & file or delete
Comedy? presents Variety! Saturday, May 14th , 2nd & Gold. A night of sketches improv & stand up, and guest Patrick Gozur! $6
RT : Showdown looming on student loans. Ds want to finance w tax hike on rich, Rs w cut in Obamacare. Prez campaign in miniature.
"You don't have to have a career politician to get the job done."
Hey guys still waiting for season 3??? Kick it out....
your welcome and if you want to :)
The awkward moment when you feel like a badass cause you did a frontflip off the diving board then some asshole does a triple backflip.
I endorse this.
Ready to rock in the rain in Vienna tonight at an outdoor venue! Who's coming?!
When someone is talking shit about their "bff" to u...then an hour later theyre takin selfies
i just fell asleep watching this.
Who wants to win some free tickets to our next show?! :o
Congrats - you've won a ticket to see this Thursday ! Our people will DM you!
Exporting the new mix :) Who wants to give it a listen?!
well as long as I still like it I guess that is fine
Whats up with all of these dumb ass Challenges kids are coming up with? Here's one: finish school without getting, or getting her, pregnant.
fuck it we both rite then lol
Tami acting like a fucking hoodrat teenager , I bet she won't do Evelyn like that
If I were a lame, only just for a week. Id look myself in the mirror and shoot the first thing I see.
you said u loved me you're a LIAR..
its complicated.... but ill try to explain it so u know the 1 where shes in candly land well at the concert she followed th ...
just woke up and the first thing im listening to is :D
I'm on martha's vineyard today looking to ride - hit me up we'll go
To help you Defeat the Wheat, we've got 2-4-1 bottles of Lakefront Brewery's New Great #GlutenFree beer. You can't go wrong!
beg, borrow, and steal.
gonna be hard to watch both at the same time.
oh I dont listen much but whats the song with the dead girl in video?
thanks for the follow! nice to meet you :)
graduation practice tomorrow. but not until 2:30...plenty of time to recover...i can't believe i graduate saturday!
thanks for your great feedback! Please let us know with anything we can do in the future
The Internet genuinely just doesn't want me to sleep so I fail in life, every time I go to sleep I decide I need to check twitter.
good job spelling karpas
laying in bed. i'm evelyne hbu? :)
How's my second fav team doing man y'all all r some crazy fuckaroos lol from Kickapoo lol funny shit
My Quote of the Day - "Be the change that you wish to see in the world.", Mohandas Gandhi
cool shit dude
welcome to the club
Sadly, no.
This is an absolute nightmare for all Manchester city fans <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
Girls & me strolling along the river, when a biker ranted at us for not hustling out of her way. wa'evah. Everyone _else_ is nice.
Garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage garbage.
your probably right. He's got all the girl votes. But josh is still my favorite! He's got mad soul.
Watching #WhoDoYouThinkYouAre,... her family is from everywhere. And who knew her dad was Quincy?
where you work at now?
Calder's sculptural portraits look like suspended choreography.
hey! How has your day been? :)
I hate ESPN during a match of this meaning!
Today @ 3pm on the Legends of Rock: Who is Jumpin' Jack Flash? Is he Real? Find out today.
Snowing on my walk back to the car!
cold beer on a friday night, a pair of jeans that fit just right, & the radio on.
of course! It's been so long since I've seen you! Lmk when you have a show in Nash.
Wow... The Blue Jackets won 6 to 3
Have a Happy New Year and be safe. 2012 will be great for you and the Rage!
I could have warned you about this....
it's by the water tower in north park. I was a sub.. not sure if I'll play again. Good way to get in shape though!
No pool?
Congratss on meeting Austin :) must've been amazing!!
can't believe you got no votes! Loved watching you, wish you would have won!
Working on some new paintings today...I hope.
any recommendations for a good NJ- or DC-based moving company?
Madonna's i am a sinner , gets me going, love this song...
We're staying out of that mess. We're just thrilled that #gunsoncampus is apparently going to die as a result.
Can we talk about how is already #14 on the OVERALL iTunes chart?! Voting like a crazy person.
MITT ROMNEY and PAUL RYAN'S PLAN puts many RACES across the NATION back on the PLANTATION. What will happen to IMMIGRATION? NLD Mom/ca. surv
I wish mirror pics were socially acceptable
Bang Bang by K'naan !! <3
We struggle with that daily, and learned to love crooked pigtails. (I blame their wiggling.)
shew!! Wears me out just thinking about it! Glad to hear it all went well!!! Get some rest!
if im louder would you see me. would you lay down in my arms and rescue me cause we are the same you save me when you leave me it gone again
Hard work has a future payoff. Laziness pays off now.
This is bullshit.
Thanks for visiting!! Great photo you shared!
thank you Greg Zeman and Alex Emslie at Bay News Movement for the rubber bullet pic
"If you want to live in a Republican state with very conservative right-wing laws, then there's a place called Arizona" CA Governor J. Brown
Thank you for following us.
koolin it bruh bruh...u good fam ain't ran into you in a min
UGH. I want to see The Hunger Games SO BADLY!
Starting to get real feelings for her, but not talkin about relationships right now.
Headed back to Indy.
Wall! [boom] Man I swear there used to be a door there.
Didn't see it in Madison, WI.
do anyone reall like that 'otis'song jay-z and kanye did?
I feel this a lot. I live in a super PTA mom area and the pressure to be perfect is really high!
saw a dead huskie on the road :(
Bengals, nice womping by the lions! Two words Mike Brown!
lol. Did you have an unpleasant experience with a nozzle today or something?
It's no secret why Romney wants to be President - give more to the 1% and take more from the 99%
that's mostly just on Wednesday's lol
#WeirdThingsToSayDuringSex AUSTIIN! AUUUUUUUUUUUUSSSSSSTIN!! (when guys name is NOT austin D: ) lol, i have no life.
T minus 1 week until we're live to the world! We're so excited we can't stand it! Lookin' forward to helping you get your job done!
call me mr.money r captin marketable, im 20yrs old , chubby red nigga, n an awfully charming smile, swag sells yall, get it togetha
41 to 7, end of the 3rd, interception just in front of the goal. So depressed.
Follow my new Twitter
together at last! Lol
Does your #OA repository support metadata-only records? I'm interested in chatting with others regarding support for this oft-heard request.
won my football game 12-6
Staying silent for most of the day today!
*slipping a finger under your chin* Good Morning, Ms. Purchase.
Bro, RELAX.
M&E manager for Egypt GDA and overseas gender champion, Ireny Roman, attended the Women's Initiative Fellowship Program:...
R.i.p to a dear friend :( Robert
glad u and the fam are safe
“: If you're too busy for God, then it's time to change your schedule.”
It is a sad day for those people.
Thanks for the shout out.
make it nasty make it nasty
See my last tweet. Throwing away the shoes but keeping the cat.
No one could take your place..
what an amazing cause!
lol you drool on yourself more than that cat does!! they are claws of love!!! Just let him suck lmao
"Good luck ma'am" is not the kind of support I need from tech support.
I don't trust everyone. Like we can be cool but I'm smart enough to know I can't tell you shit.
get low's on the radio and I'm Singing it to my dad... Uncomfortable that I know every word because of Oy
3 years? Wow, time has been flyin' -
The other good part was "You are a blog".
CTL Website usability: use CTL email instead of personal email, put the physical address of the CTL on the website
#FresnoDLD I had everyone jump to a google doc to respond . . . Thanks, you!
u shut up!
omfg high five , I cry everyday ;o
I've heard it could get there with 80- but you're right, it'll need more than 22. If ABC goes S4, they have to do 13 ep S5.
love your posts!
omg i love u guyss!!
Be Poking Peoples Ass With Yur Brisk ! XD
Happy to meet other 'expectant' authors Any tips on waiting patiently?
Aw man. release the video already!
"Yeah, he plays it high/and he plays with so much feeling/Go get some water/'cause he's burning up the ceiling" - #Jazz , Walter Dean Myers
even if things end up a bit to heavy, we'll all float on alright
Lmao my cousin told my kinfolks that I can drink my Uncle Perry under the table and he is the biggest drinker in our family, never sober smh
from the sickassss highlighter xp
wearing my green pants out tonight, and NO ONE is gonna stop me
I'm officially on LA Casting!!! YAY ME!!!!! <3
lol i think my babdy daddy is follwin me on twitter too "oh nucca i aint got no fuckn $$$$"
"Wait, is this a comic?" - during the openings credits of The Avengers
Thanks! Always great to come into the studio to a great surprise!
who winning and y dey arguing
Michael Eric Dyson is too wordy for me. When he speaks he needs an editor. Time to change the channel.
Out ran all the fast runners in gym. IM THE SLOWEST.
I keep trying to kill math with fire but it just never stays dead :/
HAPPY NEW YEAR AUSTIN. let's be together for this ride through 2012. It'll be amazing!
WHERE IS THE FLAG???
Ready for tonight :)
your call me maybe video is adorable<3 i love it!
Well said! RT : Absolutely true RT : Design Tip "When you control the light, you control the room!"
Done with America and it's voting on idol. Final two should b Elise and Joshua. Only two unique enough.
Anyone seen Joe Johnson ?
what beach are you heading to today ? Omg I hope it's Miami Beach cause I'm going today! I hope I get to meet you. Iloveyou 16
so u can video the trips to the stadiums lol
if you tweet it, it will come!
I'm going to stay young till I get old.
Thank you Facebook for constantly reminding me of the last 8 "friends" I hooked up w/ by putting em in the upper right corner of my timeline
Sure, just hit me up when you're back
"Estos tipos de negocios son el corazon del barrio" - woman @ taco shop in #HighlandPark. Amen.
I've been nervious about Sunday's game since about 4:15 last Sunday. But oddly confident, too.
Every chick on #GCB has #NoAss . I hope the title stands for "Getting Cakier Butts".
Bloods went really well with Beryl Satter's book, Family Properties about real estate and economic exploitation in Chicago during 1950s/60s
I'm waiting for the after christmas holiday sale.
i need to meet you & the boys before it is impossible to do so >.<
good point.
Happy Cinco de Yayo! Mex Hat Dancing down to the Track to place a few bets on Kentucky Derby Day, Tequila, Make it rain, Etc.
Looking to interview Third Ward residents for a story. Let me know if you live in the Third Ward.
Putting on glasses for the first time makes words appear in HD. I guess I should've gone to the eye dr sooner.
Why doesn't get more shit for his beard? He looks
Guess What?? I Love My Hair! Yes I Do. Its Thick Natural Soft Shiny Beautiful Manageable and its all mine too.
thanks for the RT lady, i like really need some great sounding stuff not the norm
Not a problem! We'll let you know if we find anything!
. The cost-shifting proposals are just proposals, not the law. Important distinction. Thanks for the tweet!
You laugh because im different, i laugh because your all the same
I agree love it
On our way to Voodoo Octoberfest!! See you there!
Tonight's the last opportunity for groups to modify their programming arcs. Talk to your commissioner if you haven't already.
Yes mam..;) Hugs
It's #CincoDeMayo - Let's party in !
Iowa, mn, Colorado and more to come as state conventions continue.
You make me smile=$.
He cant die, not now.. i cant even sleep, way to much on my mind.. i dont wanna lose him..
live by the three......die by the three....
Can't decide what to bring to the party tonight? Tampico should do the trick! ;)
Game over. Good guys win.
hop hop hop hop
T-Minus 53 Minutes for your Destination to begin, LIVE on www.danceradio.ca and www.radio4by4.com
whyy are cockroaches in miami on steroids ?! :'( one under my bed
Wow, that's awesome about your book. It must feel so great to have a book published. Congrats!!
So glad I got my vinyl up and going again...listening to the B side of U2 Boy
Orders can be customized to a large degree. Let me know what u have in mind & we can discuss what's possible.
Bye Bye Brian Westbrook...
So so fun!! It's so pretty and you know I am gettin' all historical and vaclempt on Sopapilla! Miss u n gumbo!
thanks! I def will check out your music when I get to work!!
helping a woman find the forms to correct a mistake on her birth certificate.
How many "Real Fans" do you have? How many would travel at least 200 miles and pay to see you perform?
I love my mom so much, I feel like I don't tell her enough
J.K Rowling is and always will be a role model. She is such a strong, inspiring woman. Team Rowling for life <3
Wtf #PandoraRadio I asked for Kanye West playlist, the fcuk u playing me Lil Wayne for!
I hate it when I'm tryin to shake hands w the unemployed & I get confused w , & vice versa.
Do things ever get easier? I mean, really.
if you have a short bob cut you probably shouldn't hot roller your hair....just sayin... bc i did it today...it was bad..
great lens
Man, I need a dishwasher. This is for the birds.....
i cant follow ne one else until u follow !!! pleasee ! im checking !:)
Moving into the spare bedroom. Baby Katherine is a vampire...sleeps all day and awake all night.
I wish I could've been in all the High School Musicals.. :/
Question: If you listening but dont understand a word im saying am i really talking?
hazard of betting unders
I remember last year Jared and I got in a fight cause I said being in love and loving someone was completely different & he didnt agree lol
I would remain friends with both people. You can be friends while remaining neutral
Saturday morning! Time to create magic in the hair salon, schedule an appointment now (813) 910 2770!
Nice! He brought me an annual pass to Disney World!
Thank you. You post to much stuff.
Orioles and Logic should NEVER be used in the same paragraph much less sentence!
yes was a great win! And we will have to meet up next match!! :-)
OMG your killing me ": No matter what...I will still have respect for Denver."
“: Worry is like a rocking chair—it's always in motion but it never gets you anywhere.”<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
oh yeah! Those margs were too tasty.
WWE's throwing out 1st pitch 4 hometown CLEIndians tonite! 1 day when we get picked up we'll have a homecoming 4 our champ!
If I'd known that I would have lent you my Hoosiers DVD! “: First movie selection? "BASEketball" So inspirational!
the point is the use of these terms often produces confusion, since their boundaries are so fluid. depends on audience.
getting ready to take the dogs on a walk and deliver our treats to AKA Spot!
I JUST FUCKED THAT CHEM TEST IN THE ASS. HOLLAAAAA
hahaa yeahh! Who knows it may not even be about you!
I am loving my Behringer mixing board right now.
*Cough* kinda.
dont i just put ya email in to send it wat email u got linkd to paypal
Care packages.
Fuck yeah I'll star a random mention if I read and enjoyed it. That shits in MY timeline
Buying a Panama jack beach cruise bike tomorrow ^.^ so excited
Musical Direction by Kenneth Gartman - an accomplished singer, pianist, vocal coach & music director based in NYC. Visit KENNETHGARTMAN.COM!
Yup, be warned #libmade followers. Looks like we have some twitter spammers. You'll notice them by their, um, profile pics.
RT : The new Lunch Menu is almost finished. There will be wraps, new salads, and other quick and easy dining options added.
Thanks for sharing!
Somebody pick me up
oo i got me some wed!! hmph thats why they aint paid they rent
My parents never give me the credit I deserve.
notice I am on the phone!!!
I don't believe you shop at Trader Joe's.
Amazing Jumpstart Joy video by George Washington University Corps members. call me baby!
Have a good night everyone.
if it's love when two heterosexuals wanna get married (sometimes) why wouldn't that be the case with homosexuals?
ESM client Ron Brooks runs one of fastest times at combine- 4.35...some scouts timed in low 4.3s...congrats RB!
All I want is my own family
Aw ": Happy President's Day to my personal favorite, –mo"
Haha. I"m a good driver...I grew up on a farm, so I learned at like 12 years old. I DO road rage sometimes, though. LOL.
Not cleared to play till Thursday <<
Team Work is good! Don't forget about ohio phenoms n queen city n OBC!
Congratulations to all the students receiving their Certificate in Proposal Writing this afternoon!
Just signed up for the Rock N Roll class (v. excited).. was planning to take a morning class too... is 2x in a day too much?
Thanks for the shout out! Hopefully helpful?
"What, then, do we do?" "I'll show you."
Bout to drown out my memory of today
Set up a Twitter stream display at panel and I'll try and join you virtually
I Gotta Stop Getting Smart With People Stronger Than Me .
what did you do?! Feel better!!!
who might you be? You love to comment on all my tweets
Knowledge is power, but in the wrong hands its as dangerous as a gun..!
Looking for a good source of writing prompts. Ideas?
The song "Joseph Merrick" by Mastodon sounds so much like Diablo 3 Music.
Differences of Web/Internet: apps and devices that use Internet but not browser.
Thanks! I hope I can get VIP :) it would make my life to meet one direction I hope 1 day u can get to meet them to :)
Oh, how time flies! This time next week I'll be waking up in Michigan.
He'll lose in KY too RT : the Favorite, Union Rags lost the Florida Derby 4 weeks ago to Take Charge Indy.
Could I Tweet links to My Portfolios as well?
haha I hope is good tonight.
Good question! RT : A1: How quickly are you looking to hire
What my dad said, "C'mon, let's go. We gotta leave." What I heard, "Take another 1/2 hour to finish your video game and text 10 people."
I wish #GandB was online. Life of a poor young professional without cable :(
Shep will just throw another F-bomb in eventually to even it all out.
"Product things I learned at Burning Man" talks today: Two. So far.
I just celebrated my 25 pound weight loss by eating a pint of Haagen-Dazs ice cream.
Boo. Manzano Mountains State Park will remain closed in 2012.
Victor Cruz with 2 tuddies and NYG with the win. BTW, good game last night - statement road win!
Almost 160 1 more person we can do it! ~Ashley
I think Lisa Gail hits all the high notes...
glad we could help - enjoy your trip!
Playing at The Ritz Carlton in Orlando til 3pm today in The Vineyard
who are you?
Bob's Big Big Boy
Wow dude on news story is still wearing a Hope t-shirt.. Poor choice in politics but has a great program with autistic kids
the late Maurice Sendak would have been perfect author to write the book depicting all the goings-on in Mitt's "quiet room."
We offer you great tools for small business lending. Follow us to receive a code upon request to run free reports
Excuse me, Mr. Sheen? You're just an ACTOR. Can you lose the God complex please?
yeah dawg I got ya. Hit me up when you get down here!!
Collins Ink heads to Las Vegas next week for Pack Expo 2011. Visit booth # S-5125 to discuss how Collins' newest inkjet developments!
Hearing my old familiar tea kettle whistle is like a primal scream that always calls to my love of coffee and still brings a smile to my day
Good morning sunshines ;) Beautiful things await you today, like my single & the releasing of my new demo. I smell colorful things coming :)
I am flying over Minn, tweeting, watching this! #innovation RT President Obama: #Innovation is what America is all about.
Thanks! I'm reassembling it here in SF very shortly. Just re-arranging things for the sake of freshness.
Trying to get a #Germanists hashtag going. Use if helpful!
When building an app, start by figuring out what people need help with, not what technology can do.
With Anna and Bri doing Anna's nails for prom! :D
Amazing how often 's name comes up in council candidate interviews. He's the measuring stick, for both friends and enemies.
Still waiting patiently !!!
If I had an ounce of sense I would build a second recording studio in Pocos de Caldas (yeah google it) and forget that NYC exists.
unless your over 180, average height with a six pack, you get no respect from me
I can see it now .... Facetagram.
You dreamed big , and look where it got you ! Keep Dreaming Big. Love you <3
read about you in my Inc magazine!
Thanks for all the birthday wishes yesterday...it was a fantastic day!!
Good to see pujols earning that money. They should've signed me. I would have went homer-less for a whole lot less.
BRUTUS: Then follow me, and give me audience, friends.-- Cassius, go you into the other street And part the numbers.--
Doing my Spanish homework because I didn't wanna do it at home almost done, late but on time
Seriously, North Carolina??? Fuck you.
comScore says Tribal Fusion is now the world's second-largest display ad provider reaching more than 490M unique users globally, behind onl…
is wondering if the #GreenMan was running Bay to Breakers today....
Jokes on you, I was only pretending to be retarded
I can't believe Santana just struck out there...
#vaforum12 By way of Jonathan DeCoster, the "Land of the Codfish" is everything north of Florida (for some def of Florida, per 16th c.)
fit with kids. 1st child you go to the gym, child 2 they are the exercise and child 3 no time to eat. And tons of Starbucks.
me me me I wish
": #NICKIISBACK EVERYONE FOLLOW ITS HER NEW ONE BARBIE BITCH!X"
My hair is pissing me off. Therefore I will be pissed off.
": The has been a big hit at #NRB12 // great meeting u and learning about this terrific project.
are heartmeltingly amazing live.
You don't have to be an asshole about it
Out with the girls(: couldnt be happier<3
keep it youtube!!!!
One week from tonight!! Urban noise: summer fest 3.0 at Brooklyn Bowl!
I keep thinking today is Thursday & tomorrow is Friday.I guess that's why told me to come to the cd release show. Got it. My bad.
Hi Cassie=) Can you follow me here too=) I'm just getting things set up for park-a-day & beyond. Thank you!
RT Relax East Coast of the U.S., that wasn't an earthquake, we were just testing a new "project" we've been working on.
Not all carbs are created equal! Stick to the ones derive from nature for sustain energy
Looks like you're having fun on here... still pondering a move back out west?
cant find u lol..im in the back
It's #dayofcaring day!! Thank you to all of our wonderful volunteers!
Let the games begin.
Dude. Just saw The Avengers.
so you like and my plan ? And we sure will send one to you (:
Our social networks have gone on a brief hiatus. We're back in action now! More updates on everything internet are soon to come!
Hi Rubi ! Could you tell me , again where that spot is. Can't found your email. -Sorry About that. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
merry Christmas sassafras! :-)
CANT COP A COUP WITH NO COUPONS!
Old people love is cute but never sexy.
Artest (World Peace) just sad and crazy now. no actual talent left.
SHIRTS ARE HERE!
Leading Edge Learning Center and the City of Fontana are Open for Business!
#Maitland residents receive free admission to museum this month with proof of residency
Satyajit Das: We tell ourselves low rates are good for us, but in truth we are ... - The Independent
directioners, you going the BTR tour just to see 1D then leaving is like Rushers going to the Justin Bieber Concert then leaving after BTR
Agreed but Deion's programs are doing good things so lets give him some credit.
Mark, some of these callers today, are certified cray cray!! LoL!
#Austinpowers4 Really? Mike Meyers, one trick pony, beats the Horse!
yes! #winning! <U+263A>
has scheduled a review of SALVAGE THE BONES for Jan 1!! Now let's hope it's a good one!
iBREAK YOU BiTCHES DOWN VERBALLY
Come check out some incredible student films tonight at the 6:30.
Looking for phone no. to call in for SM commtee mtg.
I wasn't being mean there, just saying you don't need a new one.
Thank you for your valiant service to our nation, Rep. Lewis. I too, mourn for all of us all this moment.
I just punched myself in my own mouth while pulling staples out of a canvas.
10/22 plans churning in my brain. Bell &Carlson Target/Varmint Stock .920" , Volquartsen barrel and trigger kit, Simmons whitetail scope
Now soliciting restaurant and winery recommendations for Melbourne and the surrounding region. Whatcha got?
You can't hit a home run with stepping up to the plate. You can't get hit by lightning without standing in the rain.
holy shyyyyt. I love clothes
Want - 4 quart cast iron enamel Dutch oven and Buster Vetruvian Man sweatshirt. It's good to have goals in life. ;)
gonna post the link in a minute of me singing Love me by Justin . I don't think its good but w.e tweet me what you think (:
very, very nice
Playing through some tunes on my lunch. I need to get a band together. Stat.
This might seem far fetched. but I'm wondering if you might check out ? He's a musician. Loves !!
I have to follow a fellow Ironman!
will you sneak some of your cupcakes in at cupcake tour??
Welp this game over.
It's not about your situation, but your attitude toward your situation that matters...
sounds great! great catching up with you! :)
I have small tatas too ;( isn't it dangerous to have somebody do them? That's not professional.. lol
intrigued about what? It shows PPT slides on your iPad, for free. WIth your fonts and animations. And speaker notes.
#ilookforward when I walk.
I wish you were a pinata!!
Watching Nightmare on Elm St.
Why did these girls simultaneously scream at their cell phones! Is basketball wives on? Who got splashed, punched, slapped ...
made me such a delicious breakfast this morning. :)
Chupacabra food truck will be on the news tonight on Abc channel 7 between 5pm and 7pm... And on Cbs channel 9 live somewhere in the 5pm sho
:(. So sad for you buddy. Hugs.
: MT Kirk just gave the first "roger that" response to parliamentarian.<heard it and $5 says it won't appear in the Record that way!
Very welcome! Please do come by - we've got some rad new flavors this month and kids LOVE out crazy interior design!
This is MJ coming back to yall. :) how's it going?!
Enjoying Mother's Day watching movies with mother brother and sister in law
Friday evening DJs- your shows will be broadcasted throughout the 4th floor lounge for the Service Day Dinner from 5-8 PM!! Be professional!
#rise&grind Up gettin ready 4 work. Blessed & thanking God. Happy #humpday 2 everybody! Only 2 more days till Friday yay!!!
went hard a.f. on tht I am the Westside pt.2
back to business...serious business!
Some people seriously need to go see the Wzard because they need some heart, courage and a brain
Good I really just want to make people happy, so how old are you?;)
En route to Grad Alley!
So sorry to hear about your mom. Since you are her daughter I know she must have been a special lady
My momma's going into surgery friday. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
cant wait to hear your set !! > RT : Come to "Big Night DC New Year's Eve Extravaganza" Friday, December 31.
Important point. MT Knight: Metadata interpretive act, more than service from catalogers. #s47 #mla12 // I've always thought this.
RT I would like to give a special thanks to ! Preciate you bruhhhhh <~~ luv ya sis
I don't think my connection could handle that, sorry. :/
Thanks Kroger for not raising gas $.25 yet
plating the grand opening of a video game
If I see him, ima drop a drink on him & say "the fuck odalys, now you have to makeout with him cuz Im not buying him a new shirt"
Can't wait for BTR!
Just took a two hour walk on the beach, which was fun as I saw a shrimp swimming in the ocean and a lot of boats on the ocean.
do you have rock star dreams? Do you want to be in a band?
In Shawnee doing oil changes and repair work for OBU
thank you for following us Christy!
Thank you! RT : Happy Birthday!!!
Last night we added two more pinball machines to Slabtown Demolition Man and Party Zone. Spent 2 full days shopping them out. Enjoy.
Enjoyed your performance in TLAM. Was @ the premier in Atlanta. Wish u were there. I watch your show:)
Let's hope that this win FINALLY sparks something in this team. Running out of time for learning experiences.
Looks like everything on Thursday night tv sucks except
: You've got to be kidding me.
Vargas his own worst enemy there, damnit
I'm tempted to download your book (who reads paper anymore?) Been reading too serious lately, need a giggle or two.
How will your relay team work out the exchange zones? Lots of runners! Have a plan!
Somethin' about your pushing me pulling me
As it should be.
I hate that class so much
so sorry I missed the party last night! I hope you still love me! See you tonight for makeup shots!
This year,went by fast i only gott like 12 days of school
Why is night called "after dark" when it really is "after light" and the darkness is just beginning...?
The real question is will you survive the Braun decision
Re~loving life here in San Diego with the fam
He also knocked 1 down in church on sunday... check it out!
Ppl don't wanna pay for quality anymore.
There are some vendors that will be outdoors, I will be indoors. RT : is this event indoor?
Just saw an article in the same paper about Elvis Presley's concert here on May 26, 1956.
If ur 11, & they laugh at ya for wanting to be a Jello pudding pop when you grow up,then no,they're not your real friends
hey pal. How you been? Long time no see
RT : All or Nothing
Agreed! RT : Not liking the new Law & Order SVU... Where is my Detective Stabler!?
RT : There are no boundaries there are only obstacles.....so dream and work hard to get what you want.
I just have to do laundry and I'll be pretty much completely packed up!
Well said RT : Don't let people rent space in your mind for free.
If Ur From Upstate NY Why The FUCK Dont U Follow Superior Apparel?!?!?!
If I had one wish..you'd my boo lmao but I #BELIEVE I am among with the other 21.9 million :)
Have you ever sent a celebrity a #hatetweet?? Who & why?
if you weren't already married I would have married you yesterday lol
I know every words to every commercial. I've watched wayy too much tv in these past couple months.
How important is "play" to our cities? #loveindy Zipline success anyone?
CANCELLED: May 14 Global Women's Mentoring Partnership webchat.
Looking at #oomf just urkes me
I agree. Tried it earlier this week at Indiana State Fair. Krispy Kreme, good. Cheeseburger, good. Combined, eh.
I VOTED! And I didn't vote for that nut job Sharon Angle!
I feel for you :)
I've run this Twitter class for three semesters... I did make some changes to it this AM.
Looks like I'm headin to the brewery after work
merry christmas to all and to all a good night.
"The more I know, the less I understand. And all the things I thought I've figured out, I'm learning them again."
bitch don't be in the way, be productive out here and get yours
Joy to the world - YOGA!
really :( wow
congrats. Happy Birthday!
for real!? Do I have tp get the password? Lol
Beergaritas to end the weekend
I love this picture! :)
great! Working for the state is complicated isn't it? I'm still learning a lot every single day.
I think we need another video
got nothing but love for ya kid :)
"Just Friends" is the biography of my life, except I haven't bloomed into Ryan Reynolds yet...
ok. ill be home for a little from like the 5th though the 9th. my job start on the 10th. ill try to see you while im in town
Cant wait for the xmas day shower/nap/tv combo. M.
Good morning twitter. My arms aren't as sore this morning, but I definately got a sun burn... Hope you all have lovely days!
I like it. I am going to follow your blog until there is no more music to listen to.
My cock just quivered a little from last night
#iknewitwasoverwhen you didn't get me a pre paid wax pass for EWC's Under The Mistletoe promotion!
If you're a #SunbeltTT winner please email us at .
- All good bro! I'm still trying to figure this whole Twitter thing out. Looking forward to #Kimock in a month!
Audition for First Act Music Company today
I can rap without sayin nothing.
love your energy and so happy to have you on the #Celtics ! Onward to the playoffs soon!
Can't wait tomorrow for everything that I want. B....ches this will be good. My lifetime now?????!!!!!.....
I love #Twitter, but none of my friends have one! Good lawd people, get caught up with technology :P Lol.
That was cold fucking blooded.
I'd never want psychological romance, but when Cameo's Larry Blackmon dismisses it, psychological romance seems like a dessert.
but Taja look Better
Fabulous! RT : ": Hope everyone is having a great Monday thus far!" Absolutely!
so my sister is ignoring my banging on her wall, kool, her loss,lol, this youtube video is funny
you heard me! a dark place that's perfect for a pinky ;)
It is a thousand times better to have common sense without education than to have education without common sense
No problem Man... If you're ever in L.A. and you need some Ink, hmu!
Finally taking a breath after finals Preparing for my new recording and Label/Management Co. Planning...God, Family,Music-Yeah
thank you very much! Same to you! ;)
do you have any gluten free sides?
My goal is to get out and get more social
In LOVE with Michelle Williams wearing Louis Vuitton! Marc Jacobs is a genius!
ah we will have you competing for a starting spot lol
Rain rain go away!
I suddenly realized I want something different than I always thought.
Kinect Star Wars(?)
It's always 5 o'clock somewhere. Excel can probably even tell you where. :)
the physics exam was canceled. That's good, i'm not ready yet
My mama n Auntie want me to go to prom again
58% of those who follow Red Sox Alley are female. Interesting!
takin ova my twitter feed
I am going to start packing any second now. Really.
good luck on your exam today sweetheart! (: xx
Chinese or naw
please follow me
Blowin kisses to all the haters :*
Give a follow. He's live-tweeting the press conference right now
Legal, sure. But, boy, I wouldn't want to be in his shoes bout now. He's got ministers, military AND government after him. Ouch!
We have been saying this all along because of Google's inclusion of Social Search in search results. I know that FB is still king, but...
from a cleanliness perspective?
I'm enjoying it more
It is very hot out. Trees help keep us cool. Please water the trees near your home!
I don't know why...but it's fucking hilarious!
please try to score runs before this game is over
Are UB40 tees coming back?
I'll be home around 10 cause I'm comin from Kansas and I can meet chu somewhere bro
is the start of my career. My inspiration in my music. My everything. If he only knew how much he means to me.<3
DC speed trap! mobile speed camera in 'unmarked' van inside 9th Street tunnel. speed limit is 35mph inside tunnel.
Whew! We just missed the rain in Waconia! Now we're following the showers to the metro...
aw man. Invite a friend!
Our hours during #NATO: we will close on Friday 5/18 but open Sat. 5/19 till 8pm for Spoken Word night.
you can't start a fire without a spark
no i dont reply 'cause i'm bussy..get over yourself
Forgot my fucking nametag damn it
My brother has been getting white hairs since age 14. I think it's kinda cool looking!
He is single. Hope you like kids.
Retail therapy
yep, focus on what only you can do and surround yourself by people who can do everything else
It can be stretched to the almost ludicrous, but it must always be believable
ohh yeah we do! I can't wait til we all hang out again! You should text me!!
total turn on! Will you please have my babies?
I am going to miss Ed, especially when he used to say "And now HEEEERRES Johnny"!!! Now he and Johnny can do some catching up.
Hi Natalia, same to you!
you bet! If its like last year there will be an event Tuesday night for our group at the gardens
Treating my coworker to lunch today we having Gumbo from Cajuns
Falling asleep, already mumbling about Bakery Nouveau cake and their needing a delivery service to Capitol Hill.
Just ran into in long island... What that made my week!!! Love u baby!
the rest of the game was "blah" to me. But in the end I had my fun with it when I first bought it. Still own it today :)
aw thanks dear!p
Justin Bieber has not Followed me !
There are *so* many design events in SF! I wish I could afford to go to them all!
watches the #SuperBowl, I watch the #commercials. We both enjoy the
The 2 sites I check daily and My IT guy at work called me out, said they were viewed so often he had to investigate
- there's telltale blood spatter to indicate the batter was hit. We'll wait for the semen test to determine whether he was raped.
Let 'em talk let 'em talk let 'em talk let 'em talk.
Forgive it for it's sins?
thank you for helping us
It worked across all platforms! The interwebs win again! Hooray!
American Reunion was better then I expected it to be & it was very funny.
I hate psych.... I mean peach.
Let me get my ass off here. Goodnight Twitter <3
and ... Trivia tomorrow? As a wise man once said ... "Keep me posted."
Listen to all week for info on the McDonald’s Monopoly SAFE & cash cube contest at 11 a.m. on Sept. 23 at Zeidler Union Square.
D'oh! I look forward to seeing it come back up. Wix is okay, but the editing interface can be a bit buggy and kinda flaky.
just found an awesome used book store near his work.
Everyone ought to worship God according to his own inclinations, and not to be constrained by force.
only if you shove it up your butt
Dad's first visit to Mom's new A.L.F. is Sunday. Holding breath...
Never thought I'd be filmed so much at #shrm09! Check out what we've been up at at www.careerbuilder.com/shrm2009
DPD affirms original enviro decision of non-significance on Greenwood Fred Meyer site. FM can now start major expansion....
Try the Peroni sometime, too! It's an awesome beer as well. (Your server will give you a taste...it may become a new addiction.)
A quick #FF to my new coworkers at : Thx for all the guidance.
“: housing is the solution to homelessness.” simple doesn't mean easy.
Resolve uncertainty through a rational process
no I had to kill a bunch lol
can you help me get some followers...i follow back :)
M beer... sweet nectar of Sunday.
Imagine she responds with an "I love you too".... just imagine... shit! I would die! lol
Big time fail. Went home to grab my gym clothes only to realize that I left my keys at work!
thanks Raul! let me know what you think of the songs!
It is dangerous for any organisation to rely too heavily on one management style or academic discipline, such as the MBA
What can you do to #PayItFoward? Pay for someone’s cup of coffee. Get the next person’s food or toll. Connect a
Milk bar, around the corner from Kezar's. 1840 Haight
AND, even worse, she likes men who are boring wrestlers.
Advice from an Australian, don't tip anyone unless you want your money thorn in your face.
“: welcome back!” thank YOU Danny!
Did you like Hugo? Then get your young heart to at 3:30pm for Brian Seiznick #InConvo for
If I tell you I love you, can I have you forever? ~ Casper
Want to help us with NoPantsAZ this year? :)
G'morning!
Great American Group(R)* Announces Improved First Quarter 2012 Financial Results
You will be as much value to others as you have been to yourself. ~ Marcus T. Cicero
great idea by #orioles to hold open tryout for PA announcer. Next week: tryout for starting pitchers
I'm going to start making eyephones and go by Khanye Wess.
playing at Uncommon Ground on Devon Saturday night with Ami Saraiya. 10pm. Tyranny of Dave cd release party.
Thanks for the retweet! I hope you have a blessed weekend!
The most valuable thing you can give someone is time. Don't make excuses of why you can't give it.
When you're shafted by a final, it may be the prof's fault. When you sell your textbooks to the bookstore, you only have yourself to blame.
congrats Jen on making the 40 40 list women impacting post - sport
This girl at the mall today <<<< trying to twerk .
Guys, if you're excited by your 1st date, call her the next day! If you wait 5 days, she'll think you're not interested.
Ha! I wondered if anyone was going to poke fun at that or at the "creative capitalization."
The definition of a beautiful woman is one who loves me.
Mike, when you get a chance, you need to click on our names and "follow" us, so you can see our replies to you. Good Luck in SA
Hamlet - "I could be bounded in a nutshell, and count myself a king of infinite space"
Sunday Funday! Enjoy a Bloody & New Flux Design Art Work
that's what she said LMAO!
#Blazers acting GM Chad Buchanan on PG position: "That's a critical spot for us to fill. It's a void we have to fill & address."
Somebody just shoot me.
“: OH: "my husband is a body drinker". Strong. #MSSymposium” Great new term. We'll all be stealing that!
u put ur a one directioner n I said it's Jus directioner n I'm trying to sleep here byyee
S/O to big time media
Sorry the beginning of that response only half made sense. Long day!
im getting a hoodie with your face on it just so when i wake up and see it ill think your there!, i love you so mucchh.
RT : #Methodists keep language calling same-sex relationships "incompatible" w/Christian teaching
Admit I'm a manual transmission girl. Like to be engaged in my driving experience & feel the acceleration.... #MyNeedForSpeedIsRealBaby :-)
cant i have a follow of you Shawn. please. :-)
Thanks!!! Love you Dante!!
try Seasons In The Sun. Or Kokomo.
I love my #Packers !
since i was really bored in the middle of the night.
Im always late to work.cause of traffic
And so it continues...Love it!“: Jack in the box recruiting artists are now looking for data architects.”
Very belated thank you for the RTs!
Bloop De La Beep
Feeling some what better afta havin my molar removed :( still n recovery mode!
Photo shoot with Zachary Handler 11-3 Brick, cement, butcher table, butcher paper, and antebellum gowns thru his lens
yeaaaaaap be there in a gif!
Happy International Women's Day!
thanks! Hope it crowds up over the year.
#BBN RT : Say you'll be surprised of we get to the sweet 16? Dude a joke! Settle for nothing but a ship!!
Silence is golden. :)
Shouldn't it be Beer & Pretzel Day. They go together if you ask me. Shoot it's only 7:30
Another: "A Ring found in a Fishes Belly taken about Gorro; conceived to be the same wherewith the Duke of Venice had wedded the Sea."
thanks for the kind mention! Very appreciated. Cheers, Danko.
"You can have friendship & you can have love... But when they are together, it’s called Great Love"
Planting heirloom tomatoes and herbs on the patio today!
Thanks for going out of town ... I enjoyed my stay in the suite at 15K!
im literally going through and adding everyone on facebook that i come by, im a creeper
Mike & Mike were going apeshit before the interview. They set the media table every day. You're completely disingenuous. Later.
I had the same prob with AT&T. Took it back to the store and they switched out the sim card. No problems since.
Big ups ! Thanks for bringing me out to tonight.
(2:35pm) Partial clearing with light winds overnight will help create areas of fog after midnight, lows in the mid 40s.
we in the second round! We eating
how do you know they play sat??
you're welcome!<U+E03D>
RT THRONE SO HARD
Some are just better at hiding it then others.
Fact of the day RT The Frisbee was invented today in 1946
if you guys played better you guys would have swept us
This mix I finished Sunday has me ready to get in full character to dance; good music does that :-)
"words will be just words 'til you bring them to life. " - ~Another World
The first track that introduces #BrighamYoung in #zanzibarIII is going to blow minds I can feel it. :)
And they say the Recession is over? "Broke homeowner grows food in pool"
Good Morning
just sayin'! I love that song! Lol
Hey ..... saw you in Somerset. That's a big puffy jacket!
RT : Free public records live webinar May 30 - Know The Players: Researching People Using Westlaw PeopleMap...
Home from a great vacation/holiday in Vancity. I miss my bed and look forward to a long sleep. Then will be ready to bring in the New years.
Currently talking with potential volunteers & interns at P2B Talent Network event!
your back in miami right ?
u seriously at the hospital
Looks like it was a wonderful #wcrva day, so sad to have missed it. Maybe next year it won't be the same day as
Life's like an hourglass glued to the table.
Did you see the Bonnaroo Line Up????
Watched the Celts lose now flying to Portland - go OKC!!!
My dick is like an accent mark, it's all about the over e's
I recommend the book Restavec by Jean-Robert Cadet. Powerful, moving, inspirational story abt Haitian child slave & his quest for normalcy.
E'ery day we jostle in our hearts!
Drinking my green tea,and looking over my plan book
I made it home in time. Why? It's time. HA-HA!
I gotta do something about these Muscle Spasms! Smh!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
People change like the weather.
Did he have a stroke at halftime RT : Did Dakich just say UNC is THE BEST TEAM IN THE COUNTRY and guarding that rim? #Serious?
Rodger Dodger. Let the #HausOfDiamond get you together.
Sterling Nature Center Celebrates National Poetry Month
can every1 follow me plz if you are not already
": My middle name is not Jacob!!!"
Everyone hates me.
Most people know what to do but few people do what they know.
Can't wait forever.
Karl may be good coach, but he is a very poor looser. When he wins, it's all good. When he looses he whines abt anythin&everythin.
Got a brand new piercing brand new tat paid 95 dollars for this weave plus tax BOW
"well, it's a BLUE ball". I've watched #ChristmasStory every year for 28 years and tonight is the first time I heard that joke!
Tomorrow's HOME-BASED BUSINESS SHOW - how to Organize your business! Great tips on how to clear up the clutter! www.worldtalkradio.com
Congrats on the Heaney Papers & laughter at gentle dig at Emory (as an Emory alumn inspired by their Irish Lit collections)
Hey! It only takes a second! Follow us on twitter!
I'm going to be a dirty kid for a day one day, and see who talks to me. Lmfao proves who my true friends are. O.o
A7. Yoga pants...they're the closest thing to heaven I've found. And T-shirts. :)
so cool! Awesome.
GREYSONS GONNA PREFORM IN NYC OMG IM CRYING LAWWWDDD WHERE DO I GET TICKETS?!?!?
Anthony Lopez is a classic.
prodigy is on the top of my Christmas list
still no just tel me here?
Good publish or perish session at #alise11 #alise2011 Main advice: just do it (and don't sleep).
2012 marks 31 years since the discovery of HIV. 65 mil people infected, 30 million died from the virus that wrecked havoc on the world
That's next...RT : Sarah Phillips has taken some righteous heat. But shouldnt ESPN/whoever hired her sight unseen be skewered?”
Strip By-Chris Brown <3
kinda love those songs.. shot for me by Drake is good too :D
Man when u find the rite person take a chance no matter if they can't be real
I KNOW RIGHT?!?!?! I'm like so upset at myself!!!
Mayor Gray and Council Reach Agreement on D.C. Healthcare Alliance... will continue services provided through the D.C. Healthcare Alliance.
: same here, nice to meet you
RT : Absolutely! RT : Arent 90% of our performance problems really hiring problems anyway? < Only 90%?
I'm good you?
Awesome! MT : Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual & Transgender Community Center of Colorado raised more than $50,000 in
Glad I was able to watch. It gives the fans a perspective we never get to see. Thanks for doing the show!
My iPad just spilled off the table and hit the tile floor. My heart hurts. It now has an ugly scar. :(
American Idol is something I can't keep up with. First 4 were great. That said, there will only be 1 Kimberley Locke
We can be happy without a man you know
likewise! Thanks for stopping by!
Brad just got bitch slapped by miss piggy...wth
Looks like I have three months to watch the online backup wars shake out before I bail on
Thanks for talking me down from the edge.
“: give one or two items a try, see how you like them, come back if your happy-quality is unmatched, you will feel amazing” yay!!
BOOM goes the dynamite!! CATS CATS CATS!!
Lol at my moms excuse for not letting me go out, my liscence expired and we have no insurence its not like I havent been driving like that
If you aint freaking we aint speaking. "You think im playing? No im not!
Kid next to me just ripped ass
Da Say wat Goes UP Must comes down -wat goes around must comes back around Real Nigga shyit wooldi
#YouKnowLifeisGreatWhen... You can have a glass of scotch at the end of a long hard day.
Michael S. Smith on The Martha Steward Show this morning. Great show showcasing new book on kitchen and baths! Fabulous ideas!!
nah it's gotta be a natural cause.
yea i know.. That was scary huh?
& can't forget the non stop cough that has me awake!
Do I really need to hollar?
Thinking of things I coulda done differently, which is everything..
Digging out at work and trying to absorb everything I learned last week about digital curation...
can't wait till i film this new video (:
I've tried! Can't seem to sync up our tasting schedules.
The desire for a richer, fuller more abundant life is praisworthy.
I am so excited. Love your funny comments.
Danny uploaded it on his Facebook.
Meeting so many nice people(:
he is terrible
The Treasury will lose $1billion bc GOP House failed to authorize funding fr the FAA prior to taking their Aug vacation.
#NF follow back
but I be textin you all da time! You gotta hmm once in a while!
#cg12 was a blast. Highlight of my night was getting a hug from onstage. Democracy is successfully rebooted!
when did excel change their chart wizard to make it suck so much?
hehehehe >:D my jelly bean is cuter <3333
Fixing dinner and waiting for and everyone else to get here to talk about
take care of her today -- but u guys are good... U always take care of her! Love u guys!
probably an hour and a half. Northwest of Milwaukee
Miami, FL- need females for promo work. No nudity. Pay is 15 dollars per hour (Casting Code B3)
Thanks for coming to visit our exhibit yesterday! We appreciate the support.
jk your nerves will just freeze, die and you won't have feeling or control in your feet lmao
Your why I'm moving to florida.
Impressed with the level of commitmnt here. Twice now I assumed teams were MBAs that were actually undergrads
. read something other than that Bible. My face interests you? Not into guys tho. You'll remain a virgin.
sage advice. I tell people to work on a journal or be a research assistant for the editing experience!
lmaoo , been out here on the Low. How u been for Splack ?
Wouldn't want to have to clean that house! RT : think u got the sq ftage wrong there mr prime 20,743? thats an estate
Gates for a first 16 yard pickup
”Deep in my heart I am warrior...”---Eddie Grant
How's it going at Regionals?!
MALAYSIA PRESS-RBS to advise foreign clients on sukuk issuances-The Malaysian Reserve
Enjoying the weekend #SouthFlorida? Get a jump start on Monday & order your #uniforms, #embroidered apparel & printed tees today! 8772449913
my favorite Norah song fa sho
Don't make the same mistake twice, sir. We're watching.
yea get on my level mf lol
Drop memberships? RT : You can try, butnursing organizations are not too responsive to membership
hahaha have fun! But not too much fun ;P
Why hello there fair weather friend
Beautiful Monday morning!
Got my bf to start watching Tin Man with me! I'm a happy girl, very much in the land of #Oz as I'm also #reading #graphicnovel Ozma of Oz
Vargas keeps looking down to Wedge & co.: What do I do with a 5-run lead? No one knows.
i just took everything off my computer ... no music no pictures no anything and it moves like lightning power
#Tip: Synthetic or human hair? First time you’re buying extensions? Human hair lasts longer&looks better. Virgin human hair can be reused.
Artists, take your presentation as serious as your art. I'm at a cafe where photos are mounted on plywood.
not getting my eyebrows did till it's closer to my birthday, they grow back so fast!
but he doesn't remember or doesn't know where he was during that time!
I think it's about time for a snowy Friday the 13th walk...
Really wish I was in #Omaha could really got for some #CaliTaco right about now!
#11nb Fleet/Albemarle, I think 8:35 arrived at 8:23. Could be previous bus late though, not sure just FYI to riders
Ask them about their crime fighting.
the peeps pun was slightly intended in staying with the theme of easter... heheh!
RT : excellent job tonight. Such a powerful story! Thank you. // Those kids are amazing. Thanks for the note.
hahaha all the new thinking...love it!
Paragon Real Estate Group of San Francisco Ranked as Top Real Estate Agency by RealTrends
John Canzano is back tonight for Sports Sunday! Tweet us your sports questions and we'll answer on the air.
lol no reason to be sorry. Haven't heard from ya lately...things good?
problem is word on the street is game is at 6 PM ! And it's 9 fucking 30 AM
Witnesses report a person with a shotgun in Lockwood Library. UB Police say stay away from the building.
Knowing that my best friend Celeste comes to school crying every morning cause her parents abuse we just makes me wanna cry
that she is! That chick is da truth!! Keep pressin...you'll get what u r supposed 2 have in due time! MUCH SUCCESS TO YOU
Let's get this win today
yah that seems crazy. Hunger Games is good and all...but is better
CAKE DECORATING PIPING SCROLLS DESIGNS amp TECHNIQUESHOW TO MAKE ROYAL ICING RECIPEWEDDING CAKES - cake decorating ideas
Phew! I thought you were going to say Keith Mitchell.
Just woke from a dream in which I married Maybe it's a prophecy, guys!
Well said.
Ash Wednesday and we are gonna be slammed at work. :(
It was brewery only release, I didn't even try it this year myself.
- Now following thanks to my boy and . Keep up the good work!
Anyone in the know: does Qdoba in the Highlands have free wifi? This is vital to my life.
Forget about the people in your past... they didn't make it to your future for a reason!
ok, lots to do this weekend. Today, I'll start with (a) finishing my table of contents and (b) figuring out the correct way to cite images.
I joined the dark side. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF>
hey how are you? I am doing good I hope that you have a good day and talk to you later Sharon
"sometimes I take the bus home/just so I can touch home" Common -- early morning stroll in the space that sets my mind right
Look at the debt ceiling in your home. We have to become better managers in our home.
What would it be like to live in a country where you're not expected to live past the age of 39?
Good morning, everyone! Who's excited for the #LIW event at "The Vic" this morning?? See you soon!
I'll keep saying it... My new LP is gonna be FIRE!
That's the nicest thing I've ever heard! Thanks! “: If it rained happiness, I wish you a storm. Happy New Year!”
Wonderful presentation, thanks for sharing!
YOUR BITCH IS EVERYBODY'S BITCH
i'm aware! i've heard you sing plenty of times before.
Great hump-day, Welcome
You keep saying "Stop twisting my words" but all I hear is "Yosemite Sam needs a watermelon". /via
Don't forget: Anyone who supports #Obama2012 also thought John Edwards was a fine choice in 2004.
Let's give this twitter thing another shot. Headed to the Chicago Cultural Center in a bit to hang out with Chicago Area Archivists!
Thanks so much for following! :)
Something interesting Something interesting Something interesting Something interesting Something interesting
Half day!
Thanks for stopping in today!
Sorry I didn't get back to you 'till now. Shoot me an email if you like: ryan (at) thebashamcompany (dot) com
Canadian Embassy screenings. Just saw several fantastic films for International Warrior Night! Great tribute to those in uniform.
“: Follow me back? :D #TeamBreezy” *Followed ! :)
Ha, thanks for putting a 'face' to her name!
BC basketball. Plain and simple.
yep, they just dropped my daughter off. Those ladies rock! And you're welcome!
No thanks I'll just brag now while I can.
All 6 flavors of Brew Dr. Kombucha plus our seasonal one, Jasmine Lavender, are all guaranteed ON TAP at our Hollywood Tea Bar in PDX!
I have decided to take my talents to the JJP freshman team
omg. Who is that precious creature and when can I meet her??
What a perfect day for a #Detroit 'Jeffsin slurrpeeee run!?
Ima make you shine bright like you layin in the snowww
“: we are carrying pinkel as well, snyder if we can get proper feed...” you need the CNN via sat for the latter
put your rhymes on the altar, burn them as a sacrifice #KRS #nowplaying D&D Allstars
Rooting for the ex-Hawks on Florida, but I think we'll see a Nashville VS Philly Stanley Cup finals. #Blackhawks #
Biggest pet peeve.....guys who flirt with MY girl friends even after knowing that she's NOT single
What is tech *cock*tail without the balls? Incomplete. You complete me.
he's obviously not happy being a salesman and jealous of athletes! I guess he wasn't early enough or often enough! Haha
No. Email finally came through though
Do you think that if dogs and cats made porn there would be a category called Tail Play?
Gettin our swell on.
My ass hurts
Stand next to a "no standing" sign because you want to look like abadass
This pain in my brain, is prolly because I got slave in my vains!
ah I understand. I have a lot of fun at my job and sometimes I get flak for it :)
Would you like your Internet sales transactions to climb from 1900 to 13,400 in 1 year? Just one example of what a Flyline campaign can do.
Great meeting you at the Maya Angelou Schools event. Thanks for the Follow and the retweets. :>)
I am brand new...I think I am following RIFKA now...Right?
awww boo I'm gonna miss you too! #LoveYou :)
well I know I'm a sexy beast. I don't know about all these other guys
Happy birthday willie mays!
That sucks like burning books in the 50's
#thankful for our 1700 #followers in the last couple days:)
I can't sleep :(
#FF READ GOOD STUFF
Vevo, buffering is for dial-up, and no one has that anymore. Hurry the fuck up.
I see you @ home for the holidays I see!
you sound like my wife and how she uses folders....or doesn't.
Great cover! And you're with a very good publisher. Thanks for the follow.
A momma duck and her ducklings were stranded on a median on a busy street. Two drivers blocked traffic allowing them to cross. 1 was me!
My first tweet in a long time is about my cat.
RT: Hey and friends- anyone on Goodreads? Love to be friends! (I'm MissGinger)
Just spent time with #UC Irvine Coach Russ Turner. He has done a great job with the #Anteaters and has big things planned for the future!
Please somebody tell the Patriots the match already started... Time to play.
:/ Dont feel so great ABOUT ANYTHING!!!
sounds good. You got my number?
Christmas in 25 days!!!
Hello party ppl in Woodstock! Come check me out (upscale wine bar) I will be spinning the hottest dance tracks!
always in my prayers.
RT : Yesterday, we saw more than 600,000 signups. It took us more than *16 months* to reach the first 600,000 Twitter accounts.
Very upset when I learned that Emily Blunt was married to Jim Halpert
And absolutely STUNNING.
Death is the tyrant of the imagination.
Really nervous for tomorrow.
Thanks to the kind folks at Apple - my computer is working again and they saved me $1000 in repair costs even though out of warranty.
please help people to start following me bro, this musician won't upload a real pic of himself till he reaches 1000 followers
I hope North Carolina does the right thing today. And in this case, the right thing means the left thing.
Listening to #nashfashweek is in full swing!
Woohoo! Go Tina! Not yet. I'm a Williamson County resident, can I still vote? I'll look into it.
yes, it's very cool to spend time with relatives, especially at such a fair holiday. by the way, hi. :)
Gr8 advice. RT : Our experience indicates most successful leaders r flexible in how they influence & communicate with others.
Love conquers all things.~ Virgil
Lol! I just double checked & it turns out the chick my husband thought was was just some spunky brunette w/a fork in her hand!
There's nothing like San Antonio in the summer time! Especially if you're along the River Walk. We'd love to host you!
Anyone have a gift idea for the enthusiast in your life, hoping to get an accessory for under $250?
Wow that hurt, not to mention I was sweating like a whore in church
Riding on the excitement generated by our Chicago conference, looking forward to San Diego, June 14-15 www.artofsciencelearning.org
Smile, for everyone lacks self-confidence and more than any other one thing a smile reassures them. Andre Maurois
Pisses me off how mom comes in and tells me to clean causes shes been working all day and is to tired.when she sits all day at work.
Is he mad at me? Idk what's going on..
If you cool with being taken down or giving up your lifestyles a blow job the way of living sucks ..
sure why not?
it is not long till we see Eric
Pandora Radio is legit my life <3
:( so sad... And why r u going to bloom
Good things come to those who wait :-) Psalm 37:9
Visiting Tulsa, where's a great place to play golf?
Working on resizing format for newsletter..
#IWishTheyWouldBringBack tails to mens fashion. Who doesn't love tails? maybe canes and top hats too.. :)
RT : Too many new podcasts to listen to. are up & i heard a rumor...
Thanks! Great point: Just as folks come into the museum world from many diff. paths, a museum job can lead to other paths too.
It's a slippery slope, my friend. Don't forget to always start with "I'm sorry.."
Well, I guess you can. But don't have too much fun without me.
do you know if 07 world series win & subsequent tix & merch sales helped #RedSox recoup their posting fee for Dice-K?
and are opening a restaurant together. Um, I'd like a Braun/Rodgers sandwich please! OH!
I'm contemplating doing that... slowly. Might need to speak to you about your experiences at some point.
have any raleigh friends looked at the 10-day weather outlook? go. and be thrilled!
All the Colors of the Wind. Obviously.
My scientific hypothesis is that it's like a billion % humidity today.
ladies of ABQ we will be accepting your applications for Miss Rock the Ink at a location near you- check www. rocktheink.net for more info!
DONE! Time to get 2 hours of sleep before band camp yay im gunna be a bitch tomorrow, but thats okay is always a bitch..jk
Thanks for the shout outs!
The most beautiful woman in the world.
Ass ass ass ass ass ass
“: Gotta make it back to the city for the aids walk” !!
congrats!! Yes I will send you a FB message on nuun!
So goodnight and love you both<U+2665>
What worked? QC, interoperability, support.
----happy holidays!!!
Ayers says the DOE should be commended for their dedication to subgroup accountability
hi! Haha, no "more" cupcakes, but more treats to come throughout the week- stay posted!
we don't live in our fears but we definitely live in our hopes.
thank you! :)
So.. When is MTV gonna actually show music videos again? Get your shit together..GJ6
#GoTribe The Royals are weaker than Grady Sizemore's knees.
Hannah. Hannah. Hannah. Hannah. Hannah. Hannah. Hannah. Hannah. Hannah. Hannah. Hannah...Hi (:
That's one way to decide!
Last chance to grab cabins on the June 5th sailing of Allure of the Seas! DM me now for more info cabins almost gone at these prices.
Members Card Indians ML +120 (15 units)
the truth? What truth? Please don't tell that he isn't really jolly!
Steve Blake is the biggest coward ever, guy never takes contact, belongs playing pop warner basketball
Random but Hot?? :) RT : Smokin Hot Aces at the Venetian. It was so random. LOL...
The tape almost done...well da songs at least thinkn bout doin one more jam
One of the surest bets in Super Bowl history is siding with the field goal/safety when it comes to what the first score of the game will be!
am not in nyc today unfortunately.
Got the book! Thanks so much!
This Friday we'll be shooting a demo video for all our upcoming shows and info! Be sure to stay tuned!
Can a man write erotica? My first synopsis came out as 'hey, she has great knockers and he likes them'. Think I stick with thriller genre.
I miss my best guy friend. :/
thanks love! <3
Cmon Rangers your holding up the Red WIngs chances to seduce Parise
It's all about houndstooth this fall! A men's topcoat and skinny pant boasting the traditional yet hip print a hit at Custo Barcelona.
#LiesBeccaTellMe ''i would never make you sleep on the floor!''
God know..LoL.:D
Another Sunny day in Minnesota gotta luv them, we only get about 30 lol
"There was a wild Carnival – spiraling, blinking, blinding and terrible at the Dawn of Being..." now available through the Underground.
such a nice sunny day in #chicago - spring is that you!?
second fire near our house in less than 30 days. House still smells of smoke. geez.
Hey, I would have selected you #1. Happy shooting.
forgot you were on FB! Error corrected.
“: Fur is cruel, but I'll make an exception for that Carfax fox.”
A law that made it illegal to lie about military medals has just been overturned. Also, my resumé just got interesting.
I Know! Haha yeah , 2012 ftw though. I can't believe its already a new year.
Just landed #Union Station. The space shuttle is over. Now is time for have a Ficelle
Lots of things need to be thought over… 30 mile walk tomorrow… This should be quite the adventure
yea ive been too busy to plan that far ahead. im gonna try to sneak a couple late brews in and see how they go;
There's nothing worse in life than the complicated as hell freeway system in Los Angeles.
how iZ my son doing
Happy Mothers day everyone with yours Mommys
we might drop a preview... Maybe :o. Don't wanna give too much away before the official release!!
did you get your answer about what a 45 is?
mention me for a #FollowBack tho ! .
Bank wheeling and dealing in WA has been in a lull. An obvious reason is that the worst of the sick banks have been put out of their misery.
Hi and how have you been?
Silly is right. Some mean well but some are just plain bothered when ppl are happy in a way they can't understand.
"Since I am a cancer, and the animal sign is a crab, does that mean I am going to get cancer and crabs? Cause that would really suck"
I don't care much for super heroes, so I'm glad there's plenty of good stuff coming.
#flannel fling should be a fun Yelp event tonight
In ATX @ Shoal Creek Saloon. Who Dat?!
hi Betty! Welcome!
Education is when you read the find print; experience is what you get when you dont. Pete Seeger
You're welcome! RT #MyHostFamilyIsAmazingBecause I cant find any families that can be like them in the world :) thanks AFS
Moomoo! There's a moomoo in the room!
Listening to "No women will represent Saudi Arabia at London 2012, Saudi Government prohibit women playing sport in public“.
Group Travel with www.thelime.biz
A big digital wave to the folks at #SMCA tonight watching the at the Cedar Park Center - Have fun!
The open sewer at the corner of Franklin & Vallejo streets is, without a doubt, one of the most filthy & disgraceful things in this city.
Game 7 again! GO CAPS!!
South Carolina first down ...almost ready to celebrate another win over Florida
Try the "Rowdy Yeats". Very tasty BBQ Brisket sandwich.
Me either . Ive been trying to keep a type of schedule through this unemployment yet my mind is too full at night
Bishop T.D. Jakes & and Codeblack Entertainment help Black and Missing Foundation thru campaign tied to nu film.
analogies. Analagies is, I believe, a made up word.
Just had a really great experience with customer service. I lost/misplaced my gift card, THEY apologized & got me a new one!
Practicing my British accent for tomorrow...
- It will never be doomed as long as there are young hot girls going out, guys will always spend and always have.
You know what!!!! Maturity is not when we start speaking BIG things, it is when we start understanding small things.
fuck miami heat...bring it home melo
I didn't mind losing my exacta watching take down Johnny V down the stretch. Exciting race.
Do you know if we are allowed to use our 10x10 tent frames to set up for the show tomorrow?
Good times with good people
We just finished up a 6 week tour. It was awesome! It was tiring but worth every hour of lost sleep!
because you like Sour Patch Children and not Sour Patch Kids. lololol
Thankfully my Mid-terms are over, and I got A's on all of them! I am thinking that I can handle the University of Washington!
He might be an oversharer w/ nothing to hide. Fuck those people, man. AmIright?
SFX links should work same as it did in classic UI. Check the Admin tool to confirm it has the right OpenURL settings?
What a bullshit call. Where do they find these refs? Get and on the court.
Lark Voorhies, YOU WERE BEAUTIFUL. What happened? D:
Wednesday night nerd hockey @ Netscape = exactly what you thought it might be. (awesome)
: it starts now if u can help people now dats how god blesses u to get to where u wanna be to do more..m
Where's that Stepson album at?!
Firehook Bakery has been awarded Modern Baking Magazine's annual leadership award for dedication to quality.
CF Tips 1/5: Scan your docs and store them on your office network. A scanned doc can be copied, emailed & backed up saving energy and money.
they way the Heat are playing, they don't deserve to win... Neither do the lakers tho khris! Lol
I'm named Roxanne after the character in Cyrano de Bergerac. Most people assume it's because of The Police song.
girl he came to the house... He know.. u gotta watch it... Season finale tonite
"The Complete Book Of Questions" is an excellent way to pass the time on a long drive
"not activity resulting in another kind of sentence"
Dear You will appreciate this. I'm at the plastic surgeon-no, I'm not getting a boob job-when a 1000 legger crawls past ..,
Hanging at Nuggets and Lakers practices this morning with Yes we talk to each other.
Come on.. I don't need the stress! Heat 63 Pacers 76.
DM Would you feel be willing to share your thoughts on how you would use Twitter as an instructional tool?
great seeing you too! We have to do dinner in Georgetown soon! :) I had fun!!
Hey! I've been laying low lately but ready to get out and about this weekend! What's up with YOU?
Watching the playoffs, Philly vs Boston. The scores are lower than my socks with no elastic.
Oh How I love thee! Let me count the ways! <3
yea we'll get ready
Slim Cessna's Auto Club - thanks for destroying the empty bottle last night!
Happy Birthday Austin!!! I Love You!<3
ALL BOOKS ARE NOVELS.
“: brings his rockin magic to Off the Hook this weekend! Do you have your tickets yet?”
what song should be in my video for austin and alex?:)
yh yup she loves those kinds of movies<U+263A>
Wish your car was better? Let us help on your insurance through
crunching through data, organizing for social network analysis #SNA hopefully getting closer to finishing analysis
"No one wants to hire someone in a tent." - client this morning on outreach
every time I watch you it makes me want to be a chef again.I'd love to show you my skills.I think you'd be very impressed
I really like him. <3
Indeed, I was just referring to the full mainline in general.
RT : Q1: First, Introduce yourself to the party and tell is which company you represent. (please RT)
how are you scruff
At the Richmond association of realtors forum on housing issues in the US Senate race. #policy maters
That's what's up Bro!
youll have some one day :)
I survived! Only slightly worse for wear.
Feels the need, as an exercise in developing and refining technique to enter a disciplined "Pre-Romantic" period/style.
Still getting use to TweetDeck. Now following.
AHH! He tweeted me :'D I'd die now :P OH AHH!
can I have a follow please? I've been trying for almost a year!
Yes, and he cursed at him incessantly the whole time.
Id really like to get to know her…
12-0? This is just weird. But Awesome.
If u follow me I will read all ur tweets and I will do with it says have to be followin me
First up at MCDC, Kevin Hart
#1waytopissmeoff talk politics when you can't back yourself up with facts.
lol...actually a few wrote to me..but theyre not as fiesty as these black girls writing to me..they are str8 up uneducated
Prince Fielder's bat is heretofore to be known as"The Wayback Machine"
I hate having a job.
Kudos to Miss Amber on the JAK to ATL flight. Great Delta stewardess with charisma. Played peekaboo with Jules and checked on her often.
THAT A GOOD THING!
Going for a jog is better in the #Rain or #Sun ?
Thanks Nicole! Let us know what you're looking forward to most at
Just completed an interview with Grant regarding the upcoming Untamed NE adventure race. Podcast will be posted shortly.
Albeit necessary, being practical sucks. Right ?
I predicted A.Smith becomes a legend via text to my brother before his 28 yard run! He did it twice! I predict a 6th bowl win!
Lind: One of the great intellectual pirates of history was Treasury Secretary Alexander Hamilton.
do you like waffffllee house? Cause I do.
Hi speed soul - Best song of the night! Holy shit
I <3 the #1DFamily...missed you all :)
If I can, I have a few things in the works that are gonna be big time.
There just 2 choice: Put me on the other room or I WILL LEAVE THIS SCHOOL !
woah. no plastic...
ok yay i love b-days
Learn to do twice the listening and half the talking and you'll make a excellent conversationalist.
Someone calling 9-1-1 from city hall elevator saying "please send help"
#FF Follow Nate the Great
Hot damn - I already loved Bill Clinton, but now he is talking NCAAMB & giving props to Rick Pitino. Be still my heart.
#UpgradeYourPhoneToLumia !! The Nokia Lumia 900 is a monster! Love the phone. Beautiful design, beautiful operating system. It's just great.
Well, it's 5:00 and I'm just now getting to my emails for the day.
Saw ~15 #wegmans trucks on ROC - NJ ride today. I wish that debonair man with the plate of carved meat was my uncle.
me too nigga
Just noticed the microwave in our workroom says cook time for a slice of pizza is 4 to 5 minutes. Seems like that could go very wrong.
reunion el domingo
Even the darkest night will end and the sun will rise.
In its brief course lie all the Verities and Realities of your Existence
Who said corporate travel wasn't glamorous -- like a very, very low rent version of "Entourage" ;)
Thought it couldn't get any worse than it already is...OPS!!!
I would never go thru my man's phone without his permission, i believe in privacy
its on fag ! I'm moving so if i beat your shit and look like an asshole oh well !!
For those of you keeping track, Mary Kennedy does not count in the celebrity death trifecta.
LIVE! #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Find The Area Where God Is Showing Favor In Your Life;Place Your Attention In That Arena "
I will be watching! Lol "asshole people"... U sound like my best friend! He always says.things like that.
Buffs are going to have to defend the 3 better and Roberson can't get into foul trouble. Can't let #UofA go on a run before half.
ur welcome anytime
yes! I also like to sit there if I am by myself.
It's only Sunday Funday when froyo is involved.
Leaned a little to far in while paying at the self-check out at Jewel. It said, "Unexpected item in bagging area." It meant my bulge.
Mild : GRIND House Blend ! ! !
#eli2012 blended - Teachers like – best of both worlds, individualized, interaction, better use of F2F, reduced contact time
“: loves you....! Final product perfectly reflects your great collection. xoxox” thanks! it means a lot coming from you!
Who takes responsibility for learning? Peer "policing" of classroom distractions, students choose topics, readings, even pedagogy.
Happy Birthday Steve Jobs
That's how you knock out a number seed! #underdogs #districts #nextround!
Your body makes you sexy. Your smile makes you pretty. But your personality makes you beautiful(:
Even Kristen Wiig looks great. What the hell is happening? I need to sit down.
Focomx tonight folks
Nothing for Murray state to be ashamed of. Damn good game.
#EpicSunday Let's go #Giants!!!!!
September 1st, 2005 Memorial Anniversary Of “Katrina” - August 29th,
Overheard at wells on wells "I respect a good cableknit"
"For My power is made perfect in weakness...” 2 Corinthians 12:9
liz! Lol I sent it
Yeah, it's all about her, they just show you Lloyd to throw you off the scent.
Yes, nurturing the baby - and Steak 'n Shake would help. Babies like double bacon cheeseburgers and strawberry shakes.
If I was starting an NBA team--and I'm not--I would rather have Serge Ibaka than Andrew Bynum
Follow me plz, I'm going to be tweeting more great things from time to time. Keep following me for great tweets.
you are so hott.
Stand-By Alert ! ! Compliance -- Sunday
Snow, wind, frigid temperatures....what a mix for this Friday! A special edition of 10TV News...all you need to know, starting at 430am!!
The one about your friend coming home (:
For our #Chicago followers MT : Please follow the new Twitter for the AFS Greater Chicago Area Team.
laughing my ass off right now. #creeper! hahaha.
This was awesome! So smart. He is the man.
Hey guys! Please help my friend get 7 more followers!!
You only live once, don<U+FFFD>t regret what you didn<U+FFFD>t do <U+FFFD> during those golden years!
Getting false information about tests. <<<<
So thankful today to have an enormous amount of people in my life that care about me. It's such a great feeling. Happy Thanksgiving!!!
you text me I'll DM my number to you
RT : no Beau Bennett? Not ready yet.
Seeing what Twitter is all about.
We couldn't choose just one! Our office loved the show. RT #CarolineOrChange is over, but what was your favorite part?
There's no point in sleeping. I should just wait for the sun to come up so my day can begin.
Attention DFW! The Home and Garden Market will me THIS WEEKEND! @ Dallas Market Hall! More info at www.thehomeandgardenmarket.com
true that Gina!!
mitch anus face daniels & the johnson co idiot legal/govt/church systems KNOW i can verbally stomp them n2 hog slop face first w/open mouths
so it appears mcghee is alright.
your welcome
Hope you had a wonderful Good Friday
I NO C FRIEND REQUEST UNTIL NOW!
is there still a happy hour planned for tomorrow in DC?
o yea I'm on morning shift now!!!! 7 fuckin am lol
The grill masters haven't stopped! M the burgers sure taste good.
Already getting to work on Purposeful & Practical Testing for the 4 returners as well as developing the Off-Season Phase 1 workouts!
heck yeah i am :) i didnt realize you were! Where are you going?
:"We must continue 2 labor in the cause.It's time 4 us 2 treat all citizens equally under the law."
Joining social networking groups will provide you with a unique opportunity to show your industry expertise and experience.
Just wish that someone would come down from the high pedistill and love me for who I am like I love them
Thank you so much for your reply! I was specifically hoping to get #KidsEatFree info for the Tucson Mall location.
#WhyAmISingle becuase im waiting for my #Princeton charming to sweep me off my feet :f
Ran into Ophra Sat. night back stage at Book of Mormon in NY. Check out the photo on my FB. Quite a night.
thanks for the mention!
Welcome WM Class of 2014! RT : RT : Raucous cheering from campus community as new Freshmen walk through Wren Building!
did that make you feel better
I dont know why people have a problem with jumping on a bandwagon. If I see a wagon with a band on it, I dont see the harm in jumping on
People know either as the guy that works at old navy or the guy that play banjo... I prefer the second
Kindly words do not enter so deeply into men as a reputation for kindness. ~ Mencius
29 And he called his name Noah^, saying,
why did i wake up[ on sum1 porch on #University i dnt remember making it out of red mile
those are always fun to debug ;)
100 followers! Woot! Help me reach the next milestone of 250!
it's exercise! Eat a cookie later. ;-)
I'm not gonna make my own website look like crap haha
Carbs are the devils food.
Congratulations! You're the winner of Knitting Everyday Finery!! DM me with your address and I'll send it right along to you!
Test sets for jerk and snatch, then TRX, finished with 40kg swings per Escalating Density Training protocol. Warm and humid out.
thanks for the tweet of our article
At the Bob wettig tourney in Richmond good game in the consolation bracket Floyd Cent. Up on Alcoa( TN) 30-29 in the 3rd
Happy Birthday. :)
. talking now about idea authorship moving (back) to communal, discursive, pre printing press paradigm
Merci Jijie. <3 Glad to hear that you enjoyed the music. Blessings
FAB, the same as yours!
Me:i think I'm having a heart attack. : why? Me: cause Glee! : CALL 411 PAIN!
Going to tonight for dinner! Hooray Living Social coupon with
fuck all the haters
I must walk my dog, Coco. She is so demanding!
": you bitch lol" I'm sorry lol #teamsober (x
when i saw that...you were the first person who came to my mind....HAH
That must get rather annoying..
RT : The safest way to use the internet is to assume that EVERYTHING you post online is public knowledge. Everything.
Some teaching to do, and then I start a new writing project. Today's goal: 800.
Congratulations!! I hope we can get it in the US.
oh! Good morning btw =) have a lovely day!
Got a great dog from the humane society today. His name is Sherlock. He is a great dog.
I hate when people . Put empty boxes back in the pantry and you're all like. HELL YEAH FROOT LOO---aw :c.
Welcome aboard!
Everybody's got that one menu item that they never get tired of, no matter what. Do you have a 'usual' here with us?
Per , in order, Cowboys, Redskins, Seahawks, Giants & Chargers lead ticket sales on the site since Thursday.
When you haven't texted somone in forever, & they ask you if you hit them up cuz your bored & you say no lol .
How was the show MB?
hahaha! there are some pretty ignorant people here tho tbh...other than the idiots, you enjoying it here?
for sure man. Thanks for listening
You know she's a chola, when she wears a super big Lakers Jersey to school...
Norton has the Norton Safety Minder Mobile Edition for Android!
Scraping frost off my windows in mid may < ....
wow dere boy
we will be playing at Blue Nile tomorrow night (wed, aug 18) filling in for Khris Royal and Dark Matter! 10:30pm
Thanks for reminder that writing is a biz for some of us & should be treated as such.
Thanks for the compliment on my jacket, random dude on a bike!
Does ANYONE use text messages to communicate in a professional context? Seriously.
RT : Wonderful weekend with and ! Thanks for a great show :)
RT : Bomb sniffing dogs all over the place here at Wrigley. Is NATO coming here too?
Proud to be a Creeker today. So happy for Henryville and so proud of my friends at SC for getting involved.
and Blazer fans laugh---and laugh a lot
has spoken RT Bonnen is motivaited to win alone and not like the other races in the sprint. #mentalpower. ... it gonna happen
Goin to the park with my bff...
Getting ready to DJ tonight!! Should be and interesting event.
Hopefully it won't rain anymore today...had buckets of it in the last 24 hours. Need some sun and warm weather to make everybody happy!
no they don't they are there for you all the time in good times and bad times always be there for you.
Bishop matthew clark you are a terrible man. You closed mooney in 89 and than holy cross in 2008 and now MOS! Catholic religion is a joke!
Walking into Sanders room with a 2 foot Pixy Stick...
In the stuidio last night makin' a rock/soul hit with Now we back at it with bringin back NeoSoul
Going home now after visiting my dad for a while. He is the Officer of the Day so we had to come visit him.
Lunch at hooters. Honey Thai boneless chicken wings. #QueRicoMeng . And the chasm is even better! Lol
we bout to be thuggin on a budget this weekend lmfao
looking for a php team lead in austin for a great company with excellent benefits and work from home options
lmaoo well because the lady didnt even check/ask how fucking old i was... dumb bitch.
I saw a couple episodes of the British version, and thought it was funny. The "boss" had the tone-deaf douchebag to a "T".
I miss ALOT...... :/ I havent talked to him in soo long :c
buying my summer concert tix! a little SCORPIONS and will be awesome. JUNE 29!
Tweet more, good to hear your thoughts.
RT : Right now, someone you haven't met is out there wondering what it would be like to meet someone like you.
Hopefully bond vigilantes take early Christmas break, giving the ECB time to capitulate and print, but more likely markets tank within days.
RT : I guess this is the closest we'll ever get to having Doug Clark on Twitter. Say hello to
Melbourne highlights: Queen Victoria Botanical Gardens, Penguins @ St. Kilda, gluten free everywhere, delicious/cheap sushi, Aussie accents
Suddenly glad I didn't walk anywhere for lunch
thank you so much for the mention!
#dontyouthink should follow me? if they did ill be the happiest person alive :)
Takin down a few dabs of Trainwreck and Sour D waxes!!! Irie!!!
I'm doing good too. I was wondering, is the youth on Wednesday's and Friday's now?
Working on a script that's due at 9am.
#disappointed in myself for not riding the bike in. Oh well. Too much yellows and oranges on the radar for me.
Only 2 more days until 's Houston Press' Concert Series performance at , who's all going?
The mind can only absorb what the bottom (and bladder) can endure.
RT NOW FOLLOWING ! Why? Cause said so! *muah*
what was the name of the coach site your buddy just started?
I thought it was a few years older.
How many super musicians are we gonna lose at the age of 27?
sometimes i forget that i can get weird on the blog twitter account as well. sorry
Instrumental for this song is done! Working on lyrics...now
$5 Cello Martinis tonight at Salute! Stop in for a much-needed afterwork drink and warm up by our fireplace!
Headed to Jacksonville.
what a cutie.
I love #WillFerrellasGeorgeBush on
I've heard good things about it. Plus, Scarlett Jo and Cobie Smulders? Yes, please.
RT : "If it's not online, it doesn't exist" - been thinking about what "it" means. Description? Actual collection material?
Thinking of doing a callage of pics of me and my bestfriend and giving it to her for her bday. Yay?Nay?
I'm officially going to develop a Scentsy bar that smells like the food I gobbled up at Restaurant Week last night.
The best way to predict the future is to invent it now. - Art Costa
I WOULD!
Hope your are all having a Flawless Friday! :)
It's sunny and going to be in the 60s in DC today.
so thankful to be done with laundry. my hatred for the laundromat is unmatched.
AUSTIN IS MINE.
Ayn Rand would have punched that guy in the junk.
RT : Kipnis is the Man. Really seeing the Ball well right now. Go INDIANS!!
RT : Hey baby you look like u could use a stiff one * voice* < lol! good times
Its time to think about Tiip wat Tiip want wats convenient for Tiip n not everybody else
My body's temperature has been quite unbalanced thanks to this cold.
Yeah, I was being facetious. A big "oh, darn" for them.
The new shirts are almost ready for your consumption. Spread the Miscommunication for the Masses! Stay tuned! -The TV.
Thanks for the cool link! I'll share with my colleagues.
RT : Georgetown '11-'12 is only a few weeks away. Who's excited to be back on campus?!
Teaching an 11-year-old the concept of "Less is more." He responds, frustrated, "More is more. MORE is MORE!"
“ Never give up on a dream even if others do not encourage it you have the dream & the desire of it for a reason Follow ur heart”
The World's End Official Synopsis Revealed; Aims for 2013 Release Date
Last day to Vote! Please take 1 second to vote for our friends to help them make the top 10. Thanks so much!!
You're most welcome. And thanks for continuing to share insightful content!
Yeah, tried that earlier today. Big finish on that one, very enjoyable.
hi Joann nice to have you on with !
Mega millions self service lines busy w peeps who don't how to use, why bother I have the winning ticket & will help cure
Check out . The Alaskan Cowboy is tearing up the airwaves with "More Than Just a Farm."
quick question - any of you know any good webinar software?
“: boyfriend!!!!! #2!!!!!! Boo!”>>no distant lovers! You've been tossed off the ship!
Taking off for the Newport Beach Film Festival tomorrow! Everyone in LA on down and hang!
IF IT WASNT FOR THE ARTIST THE LABELS WOULDN'T BE NOTHING
welcome c: i hope you had a good day doll <3 <3
exactly my thought except I'm watching the hawks ;)
thanks man I appreciate it, have fun in cali
people need to stop is not the answer. We want
I'm pretty sure my dog thinks he's a horse
just wrapped up today's shoot with kiersten at absolutely stunning and a total sweetheart! amazing x
Not too shabby!!! Nick is having excellent year with the bat, but not the HR dominance at home (2 of his 7 HRs at HOME)like Grandy
I LOVE beliebers it's amazing what you guys are capable of amazing what fans can do! #gottalovebeliebers and other beliebers
On my way to vegas.
Lil Wayne...you never cease to amaze me!! #Howtolove!! Ayee!! :)
Lakers WILL NOT lose this game...or the rest of the series...mark my words.
re: he gets that a lot
RT : A compassionate attitude opens our inner door, and as a result it is much easier to communicate with others. - Dalai Lama
Aye get off Thomasville now...
Our #family is getting bigger nd I know that most be special for <3 I'm proud to be a #Belieber (:
RT : Theories of Instagram (& Twitter) abound—plentiful, varied, mutually exclusive. That's heartening. It means we're still...
Thanks so much!! I hope you had a great weekend and have a Happy Monday :-)
Thx for following its a
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams - Eleanor Roosevelt
From Rob (4:55a) A few showers this morning then some sun and highs in the 50s.
Give him a break - he's probably 38 yo RT : Clayton Kershaw (.200) has higher batting average than Albert Pujols (.194).
Well, according to IU's website, I've been accepted! The letter should come in 2 to 4 weeks.
Haven a movie nite with the wifey even doe she going to fall asleep lol
Hanging out with the girls tomorrow!!!
fun! Tons to remember -_-
I really love how is always pushing forward
Great to see you last night bud! THanks for coming by :)
Blair and Chuck, Dan and Serena, and Nate with Charlie!
When we feel love we know it. When we speak truth we rest. When we take care of ourselves, we take care of others.
Mexico City word of the day: chido, adj that means cool, groovy, street-level slang. Octavio Paz would not have said "Lorca, chido."
299 followers! Could today be the day we hit 300? Help us make it happen and we'll set up another giveaway! :-)
That and we like to drink a lot of wine at book club, which, lets be honest, is the REAL reason for the delay!
@ Austin__Lsmith hope all is good!!
Interesting webinar #TimeSci -- did you know most re-Tweets are 2pm Eastern? And...there's more!
yes i am one of those crazed fans who sits on twitter talking about and on his birthday flips a shit and tweets 5000 times.
Better fortify your house then cause I'm comin! RT : I'd be scared if a 400lb glass of Kool-Aid came bursting into my house...
Thank you! Have a great day!
So oomf is asleep n she always cheers me up and entertains me!
I think so too :)
thanks! Did you have a good mothers day? Did the kids do something special for you?
that's a fine choice! :)
I'm there with you. We need to take a STAND and DEMAND action.
Curation archive val: old info doesn't die, it reveals long-term trends.
I'm still trying to decide if I'm that gay..
Sick feelin ugghhhh u no how that is but just wana to say watz up Twitter ppl an hope u havin a Blessed day
To be honest, I’m not sure why I feel compelled to write fiction, although I fear it may be a psychological disorder.
Can't breath
what bro???
I so dope you gotta smoke me , puff puff pass that's all I see •____• - Woowoo !
cool story bro. write me a book about it.
ha ha
Heading out to meet with clients this morning. Busy day ahead.
is gunna be in Lemoore at 6PM today to sell tickets for the COME TO MY CITY show tonight ; contact 's for more !
Hope they project the twitter handles of presenters at #smwpolitics... I'm too blind to read them off the poster.
it's all good a new year is coming new things
I do t even want to stress so Imma watch a movie
Come on Rays!!!
Merry Christmas!
Scott Miller, Only Everything: I know I'm a mess and you don't have to guess or even understand You just gotta know how much she means to me
My dad: "I have the winning lottery ticket, I KNOW IT!!!!" ~ minutes later ~ Me: Did you win? My Dad: no -___- LMBO!!!
huey is the bane of my existence right now
nighty night you n ight owls! got work the next 3 days, so I'm off to sleep
Aloha.hope your thanksgiving is a Blessed one.twitter must be messed up again,cuz it says yur not followin me & vise versa
Developing multimedia for an awesome social media/broadcasting platform... Adding to my team of Creative Visionaries... ask me how!
chillin in the wonder women undies, fucks not given.
your beats are lame get ur head in the game instead of looking for moms you think are bombs. Get your head out of the gutter
Nothing that you have not given away will ever truly be yours.
"Watching Punk'd" is treading
no… getting caught up
Working out a problem with my Google Analyitics code.
Just cause you thug with a nigga don't mean the love true
Sorry for delay, presentations were engrossing. So, let's say you do a logo design class with teens...
Seeing a Random person eat (-_-) Seeing a Fat person eat (•_•)
:: I'm doing all my planting on Saturday, so some Sunday rain is okay with me, Don't they make golf umbrellas, ?
#NowWatching #MadMen... And by the way, I hate Time Warner. AT&T is so much better.
Thanks for the follow! Rough game last night!
"Happy Birthday Reject"
workshop is very stimulating so far.
of course there will be a co. who breaks the rules by offering limited travel beyond that point as part of their feature list.
Bored as hell
Im REALLY disappointed in you": Definitely missing first period :) that's AP Bio lmfaooo"
is the Mosaic gathering ongoing?
fucks with it <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Welcome to 2012! Everyone needs heat ... so until April 15 any service call is just $29. Yep, less than half what the other guys charge.
dress up as a pretty last and shake yourself about <3
I'm going to get a smoothie then leaving
Mitt can't find the center bc he has no core. If he had some belief in something he could focus, but he doesn't so he can't.
Hey Alex, loving your tweets. Keep them coming.
lol hell yeah JUSTIN BIEBER!
My boyfriend said we can't hang out this weekend because he doesn't exist.
I find it amazing that a backwards country, like North Korea, that can barely keep the country lit up, can launch a long range missile.
It is tomorrow! don't forget. Latino night at Salute! 46 East Superior. Starts at 6pm. Italian Margaritas at $7. Let's start the party!
oh that's what I'm doing today!
I believe we do need some squirrel time. Meaning girl time.
Where will YOU be watching the #NFLDraft #thirsythursday ?
haha sounds like a good time to me! ;p
fletcher cox!
6 helicopters overhead? Anyone know what's going on? They messin up the sound for my nba games! Lol
u'll never get a boyfriend if u don't smile, miss
information sent. Keep me posted on the options. Thanks!
Diet coke & Melatonin.. contradictory...
Happy BirthDay
Ah look at this... Coming home with dinner ready ;) look at him
& are evil for taking my phone, but we are still the 3 musketeers!
Kanye: What if you're really successful? Kobe: Then someone gets half of it. You're Welcome.
I'm in a good mood and I'm not letting nobody ruin that.
Another great day in Panama City Beach!
that tweet was after he hit a 3 to cut it to 2, dude played out of his mind without him it's a blowout
U were on my mind all day today...makes me sad Cuz all I have r memories.
Almost 100 followers, thank you
already? Fail.
Kentucky = Aids
Lift up that dress,let me see something she looking like she wanna freak somethin-Boosie
#mofones will be here soon-they are sure to make you #smile! :) Thats a good thing cause a lot of people haven't done that in a while!! :(
Quit listening to the radio then! It's the worst.
Great picture and story!
Craig Does Standup just makes me happy! Thanks for being so freakin' talented!
Let's do the restructuring dance. New boss(es) new opportunities.
I havent talked to my best friend in a long time. And after an 1 and 1/2 convo its like nothings changed
Great win for the Garrett Railroader beisbolistas!!!!!! Muchísimas felicidades, players and coaches!!!
Joe Walters is leading the Knighthawks in points this postseason w/ 10. He also leads the office in ticket sales for Saturday
Some of them. Mostly I'm a bourbon/wine gal. My David loves the beer, though.
Yes, a business donated their bulbs to my school, doubling our blooms. Now to figure out what will grow in the shade.
He's 18 , I #Believe that #Someday he'll follow me back #NeverSayNever <3 28
too much to share 140 bytes at a time. Not all (or even much) data starts life as SHP. We want to reach numerous audiences
You have to get the new Grand Canyon shirt to commemorate you run.
People in #MKE - what new restaurant would you love to see come here
Somewhere in New York City right now there is a homeless person relieving himself on the subway. In other news, Hepititus C is on the rise.
Thats one of my favorites too. Love the bay!
Ive been laying here for almost an hour trying.....
my phone just called someone...but my phone is OFF
why yes it is!!!
aww thanks! this is why i love you! love you too bestie!
what up man what u doing
he said try beating tolleson :) and maryvale
It would be awesome if there was a fruit snack package of only sour apple
met her aunt from the philippines, it was her first time in america, and she was very nice :) we went to the mall
Thanks - loved your recipe for lasagna rolls! Great for holiday party! #TisTheSeason!
300 Followers!!! #SocialAchievement THANK YOU EVERYONE
Welp I missed the second round. Cotto is landing punches, though
parking requirements are farking archaic and bad urban policy.
“: Uhh the older you get the more you boobs sag :( that's gonna hurt my feelings” that's why you have to work on your posture
Even when u don't understand what's going on in your life, or why, you can trust someone else does ~ Jeremiah 29:11 Expose.Empower.Unleash.
Amazing! *Cough* I think I am sick...probably should go home from work early... RT : Absolutely beautiful morning out there.
Thanks for spreading the word!
Now that is over, we're changing our name! Find out more about our event planning firm at www.socialconstructevents.com
Thanks for the RT hope you enjoyed the piece!
who writes letters these days?
Any predictions?
Hiya Sassy asses! Regretfully, our show @ Baba Budan's on Feb. 4 has been cancelled due to booking confusion. We'll catch ya soon, though!
They say im a youg kevin hart in the making.......im so
hahaha I'm running on zero hours of sleep aka I'm ready to party now
check your dms from me please</3
Come see the Indy car this Tues, 23rd from 5:30-7:30pm along w/ the checkered flag girls & 92Q. We roll out our 2 latest hot dogs tomorrow
life is good...
I had both mango and apple! Love how fresh they taste, not dry or too sweet!
my #SPURS just beat the Clips...you're welcome :)
what color I did mine hot pink
Balance Activ Research for National BV Day Finds That One Quarter of British Women Have Misdiagnosed Themselves on the ...
Thanks for a good party. Keep up the great work!
little black dress :)
I need to figure out a way to share it. :) Until then, if you're in the Tidewater, give me a shout.
Hell fuckin yeah!
and, indeed, one of the major themes of the class (Collecting New Media) the blog is for!
follow back please : D
I have no social life because #tumblr and exist.
Hopefully you're a good note taker! RT :Thinking of being a notetaker for a class. I mean I get paid to sit in class.
#GoTribe Curt schilling "behind that d, derek lowe can have 12-14 wins at the break and get traded to a contender". Gee tha...
So thankful 4 2day & I'm ready 4 Monday 2 arrive...Boardwalk Empire here I come!!!
You dont need to know
definitely other than Fantastic Four 47-49 the entire Outer Space Men graphic novel. www.theouterspacemen.com great question
slight work
I feel so alive!!!!
good pick. Hope you enjoy!
Morning ppl, hetes to a great friday
A SquE-Z a day, helps keep the seeds away!
Good is not good enough when better can be achieved
I appreciate that. I need to really prioritize my time and get over this stupid anxiety garbage that has a hold of me.
hi! I'm great, thnx for asking! How are u lovie? Love ur flawless icon btw, xoxoxo<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I hope you send an apology Percy Harvins way after that ish you talked yesterday
is comping vocals for #potporn&popcorn. Single to be released in January!
Today is the first day of the rest of your life
A two goal lead?? ... This is foreign territory
I wanna play Grand Theft Auto.
doing well, picking up D3 tonight!
I'm sitting at Panera killing time before work and I literally being attacked by a fly, why me fly, why me?!?!?!?!
Vegetarian hash: worth making? I fear the corned beef is what makes hash delicious.
Buahahahah!!! They should be. Heard a VERY interesting story ;D “: #earsareburning”
are we seriously watching napoleon dynamite in health right now.
Eyal spent 24 years as a student of Imi and assisted him in further developing the system
Can't wait til my mom gets here...I can't wait to see her!
That serious ninja moment when you lean too far back on your chair and jump forward insanely quick
hell yeah biatch x
hey u go to has great tips\info. Not too many local folks on here but everyone/thing else is is
We have issues concerning, education, poverty, jobs, social injustice, pay inequality. The religious right wing fanatics are distracting us.
I press all the "Try Me" buttons on the toys and then just walk away.
wants to know if anyone wants to go see a movie tonight???
PI DAY AND TOL! Come on down for some pie!
Interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist your customer service team w/ customer profiles. Follow 2 DM?
Re: design and ux of fitness apps...people need simple, clean, UX with real human examples. Very personal to the user.
The average human body is about 65% water. Im pretty sure im about 65% ice tea.
Highlight: a laughter-filled lunch with and in honor of M-, living with brain cancer 2 yrs after we were all called in for final goodbyes.
I was in such a hurry this morning I went "mombalistic". Yelled at my 3 yr old but luckily it was so crazy we laughed.
Sure, which show is that? RT Now you can tune in to my show! If you wanted...
“: What a person does while single shouldn't define who they are in a relationship” couldn't have said it better.
Join us at Dominican Joe at 7pm tonight for our first meeting.
Follow us <3
Team Building, weekend athletic event in the most demanding of enviornments (near Antelope, OR) do you want to take the challenege?
YeeHaa anothah scorcha in the Big Peach. Head down to the Cow and cool down with a Frozen Rita! Sissy is making mean drinks today!! Giddy Up
I guess you think it is a valid point.
"Easy reading is damn hard writing." (N Hawthorne) To us, #writing is a craft. We want your site visitors to read every word.
What does #solidarity look like? The #ForwardMarchingBand playing today at the WI Capitol. Shout out to the vuvuzuela honor guard.
lol. That's how things tend to happen!
Hey,,you know i love you.
RT : Who the plug or got a plug at footlocker, champs, etc?....I gotta couple plugs what u need
actually, I believe sarcasm is the delicious creme filling in the Oreo that is our friendship.
Aww such a good mama Ella! Have fun! GO CAPS!
you only hate teams that are better than you
you and tequila make me crazy
Indeed - can't beat a day of exploratory programming in front of a huge window looking out onto Appalachia.
happy Monday to u too! Hope u have a fantastic day :)
-grabs your hand- I'm right behind you
We only got 12 days left.
I am a huge fagget.
the week the movie came out telling people their number on the list I felt so bad watching the light die in their eyes
Who wants a free ?
You misspelled Journal Sentinel.
"Instead of living up to your jobs expectations of you , why not start working part time on your expectations of you"?
Scaled along, knifed back, rattled around, careened around, peeled off, stashed on back, DRIVE!
But of course :) Who wouldn't?
and now i write
Put two and two together....whats up world lol
The trick to finally finishing a writing project? Stop reading what you wrote
anybody want to recommend a Tailor in Hong Kong? I have used Sam's, but curious if anyone has any other suggestion.
Will your parents use Google+? That may be an incentive to join!
is one amazing guy (: <3
hm. . it is actually possible to only allow a value for a form field to be entered only once. .
Suffering from Compulsive Research Syndrome this week. No time to answer e-mail. Must. Go. Back. Into. Stacks. Must......
this is why it's a good thing we are writers.. . imagine if we were traders on wall street... ops!
Everyone needs a muse
As adults become busy with work,children etc,the need for someone outside the family to provide eldercare for a senior loved one is growing
I'm a little nigga bro!
take a look and listen to our memphis music!!
Mercifully, the H1 does not extend to #Maui, where I will be following #Viadoom from the lanai.
Thank you for everything! RT Thank you for organizing the #smcpbc event at
Our second new hire starts tomorrow. We've been under-resourced for months now. So. Excited.
10 windows open on the laptop right now.... All music related,
I'm thinking Bev Hills - I'll call you in a bit. Would some info be helpful?
Maybe u shd ignore tweets that waste ur time (not all folks feel the same on all points) & only read my issue tweets.
Watching at the New Frontier in tacoma tonight! Such a fun band to dance too!!
Goodnight everybody (insert inspirational love yourself quote here)
over & over again. 2 factors: Not enough Americans vote, & some only bother 2 vote 4 presidential election, not Congress
Congrats to Rocket's & on 100k 1st wk UK sales. (Do it in US & I'll get one a them + tatts.)
Ready to go see doodie open her gifts. #SoExcited to see the smile upon her face.
Tomorrow is birthday and said ' I have a show that day so cant go" And I am like what. Oh well :/
Yes, working on a new novel right now. Hope to release it next Spring!
RT : Birmingham <~ WE GOT A FEW SPINS ON YOUR STATION
Missing cat
I hate when my sister tells me I am crazy! Always! Joking she is always joking she says:"Crazy!" I say:"What!" she says:"I am joking!":-) :-
mexico or new orleans or the bronx..
yay construction documents!
I'm not a big fan of being busy.
Tell me why...
PEOPLE WE NEED TO STOP Joseph Kony #StopKony2012 #StopKony And The only way is to get his name out please help the kids of Uganda
I know exactly what you mean.
#Miami? :O
hahaahahahaha I'm weak!!! Grab a number!
He definitely lives on in my apartment, I'm playing Freak Out right now!
Who pays $12,000 for an alto #sax!? Do they even sell pro horns that actual musicians can afford?
People, just be glad that Yahoo didn't buy Instagram.
How will you help others this year?
Meow RT : my inner ear must be menstruating because it is SO SENSITIVE [to pressure changes] right meow.
Doc Rivers on playing injured Paul Pierce: "I'm afraid to take him out, period."
Homesick (acoustic) by A Day To Remember >>>>>>>>>
#TruthIs I like you alot more then you think <3
Whats up everyone. Happy Thanksgiving! Everyone drive safe and have a good weekend!
The Camry Toe!
What?? Did you see a spider?! Where??
Haha, that's because I let you win, you know. But now I won't!
There are no words 2 describe how inspiring you are. HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! Can't wait to see you when you come to Pittsburgh in BOM :)
It's amazing to me how much pandering Obama is doing to take attention off of his his horrendous and ineffective 3 years in office.
im so getting that bracelet!
And we're underway!
"A smile is a curve that sets everything straight." -- Phyllis Diller (Smile! It's Friday!)”
you looks so handsome!!
Lebron a bitch I swear I want him take last shot
Here another day.
I've signed up for it and done the first lesson; we'll see how it goes.
I don't think so...What "affair" are you refering to? What ever happened to facts? You should know better.
another addition to our awesome skyline.
you know most men think you're beautiful without it, right?
I wonder what the sound is up to. Better go check on it.
Music in the parking lot of a shopping mall is seriously the most annoying thing and stupid idea ever.
life is grand sir.
Why, did you bring a desktop? RT : I find your lack of desks disturbing.
10 care packages on their way to Pakistan!!! God is good!
We love them too!
how much longer?
That awkward moment someone asks u to hang out and catch up and they missed you...only to have them think u were someone else. :/ lol
LA KINGS
Oh that's what was going to say... Did y'all see Sweetie Pies? LOL... too much
Scotch rocks at the Belmont
Blowing kisses and blessings to proposals going out the door this week!
it's a team game and losses happen my dude! Great game tonight at a tough venue. Just make up for it in LA.
Listening to the rain and thunder :)
If you like your blackberry it could be grounds to be removed from your brokerage.
Good Night
never ever would I do that!
and your comment that it's an upscale store not for everyone is crap this is America. And he lives in the neighborhood.
The only pieces of information required in a Google Profile are name and gender. You can choose whether to publicly display it.
“I don’t fear the man who practiced 10,000 kicks one time. I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times” – Bruce Lee
What up world!?
Getting ready for some great fun to come! Great shows plus we get to give back to the community?! Get out!!
Have you seen the Carol Bass show "A Powerful Joy of Color" in the Lewis Gallery? It's up for one more week!
Awesome! I'll try to be there.
your dog likes honey?
Negativity is CHEAP! Positivity is EXPENSIVE!
About to hit with Pistol Pete at Miss Kitty's Saloon in Naperville.
rootin for u sis...after those bastards broke my rangers heart
Just wrapped up at the race for the cure #Austin - great morning with and & great cause!!
to the tea party, Pres Obama is "Gangsta". 4 more years
“: I could say where the #Spurs nation but They only got one fan Lmao” I'm just a fan of the game. Lol
I am proud to say that I am one of your
Their will be a new duet between em?!
omg. SO wish I could, but I'm with family :( any chance you feel like visiting the beautiful city of Dallas?
Ready to see Ryne take home this 3 point contest
The new trend seems to be full-bleed backgrounds on websites... Can't wait to release the new website for Jeff The Movie!
full of love how you doing though I call u I text you no response SMH lol
I won't
sounds slightly like my thing with paper and letter cutters at kino and staff..^^
The best things in life are unseen. That's why we close our eyes when we kiss, cry, and dream
Good pickup for Duke tho. They needed him.
BTW, the new red band trailer for THE FIVE YEAR ENGAGEMENT might as well be a deleted scenes featurette. 80% of that stuff is not in it.
Messages From The MotherShip: Graduation!
Any chance that you will be at #Sacrifice on Sunday?!
Why can't I live in California. Why. Why.
yeah I hear ya, were doing a few big ones now it's not an easy task. Definitely stressful. Let me know if you need any help
I'm getting a lot of vodka and a lot of female strippers for my birthday. #DoinItBig (; hahah
I wouldn't go anywhere near Morneau. Dude might be finished.
Watching Boardwalk Empire
we are the same! Bad planning on this bus, no cards!!
hello lovely S, i already sent u an e-mail, did u get it?? Love u soo much
Yay I lost 4 more lbs 10 more to go
#EarthDay this weekend, what are you doing to be more Earth Friendly?
And I'm female but I'm not in favor of law/regulation trying to dictate our lives, even if it's to my benefit.
Alright - feelin' like some shoulders, and some cardio!
#Facebook icons just got a little bigger…that doesn't mess with the cover images at all…
. Glass of bourbon: Blantons?
Lol it's alright!
Prostrate to me !!! Hahaha... <U+2665>
Love it go #thunder but what the hell was play its gotta go to kobe but fire brown after #lakers season ends
Million Dollar Motorcars meet Military Machines at the Concours d&#39;Elegance of Texas
Today in 1986, a stamp of Sojourner Truth was issued by the U.S. Postal Service.
Steve Yuhas Show (600 AM) last Sunday nailed it when he shouted..who cares/so what--if Huckabee and Trump aren't running for Pres.
thanks so much! I'm pretty excited!
I love this age. they are so neat and curious.
Good work from Amazing students!
or tell us what you're up too... How you been girl?
thanks, that's what I was going for didn't want to be intimidatingly beautiful
Cafe food is
#OreoPinata It's a beautiful day in Dallas!
4-hour Scorsese documentry of George Harrison on HBO? On it!
How about trading the 4th pick to the bengals for two 1st rounders?? would you do it??
XMas is killing me I think I'm going to need a holiday after the holiday!
lmfaoo oww mine is black with abs and so sexy lmfao
The beard isn't in yet. It's just beginning. I'll let you be a judge then decide to attempt it or not
oh. .well, you wanna come over my place? :3 lol bring the USB, I got the Xbox and the bed :>
I know that game...
Ease is a soft sell.
Please welcome GoogleMe_Babii to the Max life
Getting ready to see Hugo! Finally!
needs to do something funny for a month straight. I used to BE funny, dangit. Maybe i'll do something funny in the pool. :D
somehow my last post didn't include your handle, fTags cool, trying to grok, I only became aware even of hashtags. flub flub
Just watched a baby koala eat his moms <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>. Thanks #planetearth I can never look at a koala the same.
RT : A liar will not be believed, even when he speaks the truth
I like when the bookstore makes sure that sell-back price is okay with you. I should be like "actually, I'll take $200 instead of $20"
Taping Good News with at 6pm. Check your local station for air times.
- hang loose baby , check bradaa :D
"Once you tell yourself you're good enough, you won't be." Great piece of writing in Jan 2012 Running Times
please follow she is you biggest fan!51
Hey, you know I've had several users state that I unfollowed them. The truth is that I've not unfollowed anyone...
Omg I love the new twitter on my phone ;)
Were it not for music, we might in these days say, the Beautiful is dead. ~Benjamin Disraeli
With all the foursquare mayors out there, have any been inspired to run for actual mayor of a town? Gamifying politics?
what's good cuz
So would I!": I'd buy tix for that! RT : should look at fir next year...I'm just sayin"
Expats, by Chris Pavone. takes place in Luxembourg, where I studied for a semester! spy thriller, which isn't my usual...!
Everything is breaking today! My nails, my chairs, buttons on my shirt!!! #%!$ it's like I'm being punked.
SCHOOL TOMORROW!!! I'm really scared and upset! my eye just healed from last time :(
as Rebecca Black would say "yesterday was thursday. Tomorrow is Saturday. And sunday comes afterwords"
Pretentiousness is not attractive.
Dude....that is far from me! If you would have been West that was only like 15 min away.
Bear down
hi hows feeling...???
so true. Haha
I feel so much better right now
Well... you could have been sent to Russell, KS. Try to enjoy Berlin! lol RT : Meh. It's for work.
": Getting the kitchen fired up for bacon night. See everyone in a couple of hours!" Nom nom nom
Sending good thoughts.
haven't heard that one before.
: text me.
No sun... I can't wait for that May weather like Floyd.
I love u more than words!!!!! Wow! Another memory to share!
So I had a change of heart & offered my help. She took it without hesitating. Haha aw
Can we play Clue?If Killer Bunnies is too complicated
yep. every boy needs a pickup truck.
Waiting for someone to link mother's day to thankfulness for our strong military... so I can UNfollow them.
Mayback music "That Way"...Wale, Jeremih and Rick Ross
Seth Woods playing tonight at ! Show starts at 8:30 pm.
Ever since my company had a Mad-Men-themed Holiday Party, I was like, No.
The German mind has a talent for making no mistakes but the very greatest. ~ Clifton Fadiman
"Golf fore Groceries" recipe, RT
Pittsburgh in the house celebrating Birthdays!
What? That bad?
Not that I'm a Nats fan, but I'm always up for a good prop bet. Winner gets control of the other's Twitter feed for 24 hrs?
Most endangered continues... Meadow Farm, Caroline County.
hello. Tell us all a little about yourself.
Happy Friday everybody!
good luck!
"Stay" is a charming word in a friend's vocabulary. -Louisa May Alcott
How you gonna yell at me for someone else not passing a drug test? How is that my fault?
I'm looking forward to see The Vow this weekend. I hope no one dies at the end - I will bawl my eyes out.
omg. just failed over a production server using #ganeti for the first time. technology is awesome.
": get ready. I travel with 3 rubber dicks at all times." That's the name of their morning show!
When we lose someone it is amazing that we expect everyone in the world to hear about it, especially if it was an injustice...
Congrats to #Darius Johnson-Odom, #mubb, and all join us for extra Lombardi mojo before meeting UNC in Newark this week!
How's the box ?
Why do some women sit on the sink to make their ass look bigger? Don't you realize your ass goes back flat once I stand up. B real.
i think it starts with a W or M i am not sure i heard from a person who knows her it starts with a M or W i do not know it yet
can you direct msg us ? thx ..
Some people come into our lives and quickly go. Some stay for a while and leave footprints on our hearts and we are never the same.
you better be ready at 7:00 am
"no I'm not lucky, I'm blessed!"
Why is Christmas just like a day at the office? You do all the work and the fat guy with the suit gets all the credit. ~ Anonymous
I hesitate to call what I do with my all my shit 2x/year "packing" because it always ends up being something closer to "purging"
- God is the wind ; we try to shut it out and parcel it...therein the ( apparent ) problem
#throwbacksongs iris- goo goo dolls. Pop up video for life.
founding an anti-social network.
“: great service. Awesome! I'm awake & alive thanks to our GOD!! Your service was has moved me!! Thanks!”
Way too fat today - just ask dubey
Thanks for coming!! glad you had fun
I... I was expecting a burlesque show because it was billed as such.
Hey Mandy! I'm in the office today. Sorry! I should have texted you earlier. What's your plan for tonight?
All I want right now is a hug . This is such bullshit .
Last thing I'll say about that, drink that koolaid. DRANK IT. Okay that's all about that.
Thank you Karl! That means a lot to me!
for sure
Good evening twitter friends. whats is new in fashion and in Houston
I need wine. A nice glass of quality red wine! What are your favorite wines?
S/O to my diamond team , follow us we #followback Check out
On the bright side, though, whoever wrote ppa-purge is a saint.
#Parenting Tip: Raising our #kids entails helping them manage disappointment constructively.
wish i could be cuddled up w/ #oomf <333
"I think fundamentalist Christians and atheists are both extreme". <<Usually said by someone who thinks they're superior to both.
February was good to the Grateful Pet family....really good! Looking forward to the madness of March :-)
Q: Why is it dangerous to let your man's mind wander? A: It's too little to be out alone.
when you hang wires from wooden poles above ground, wind fucks them up. Just to let you know
Im trying to arrive close to one of my roommates times too so we can share a cab.
We had a mama duck & ducklings on the property, but she tired of all the silly humans & left.
Sangria...yep
#argentina-Bolivia someone give messi a barça shirt ahaha or maybe he needs xavi and iniesta next to him
love you lots lots & lots <3
So unhappy in this house..
thanks for the understanding! My mgr is working on getting it towed!
it's such a big topic. My response is coming in a blog post in which I humbly attempt to carry on the conversation.
I am not touching myself during class.
Laying on the couch eating pringles, and chili cheese fritos.. Yummy..
That's great! Hopefully you'll find my products interesting and give them a try sometime. :)
Silent Night, of course.
You hear that new Drake?
God emailed us and said to go to 3036 n. elston to see TBONE, CENTAUR NOIR, TAMBOURINE, and more. 9pm. do it for Him.
The Gunplay 'Jump Out' video is terrible, the hook is inexcusable, and Gunplay just looks silly in a beanie.
I accidentally bought 3 yards of fabric instead of 3 swatches. :(
Free Lunch Today come and get some delicious mexican pile on!! Looks super good
N E W E D I T I O N! '80s memory in full effect.
I heard MAYBE Mick might play some Stones gigs next year for that 50th Anniversary tour. Bill Wyman may be as well.
Didn't do a #FF, but these people truly chase their dreams. Follow them:
Just heard Flava Flav has a book out . , , how is that possible?
Major reality check for me!!!
// He wants our sacrifice of self. Earthly Traditions & culture are comforts that #Heaven wont have. //endrant
That just should never happen
Damn someone shout out to me like seriously i have like no followers..... I love the people that are following me though :3
Thanks! Glad you find it helpful.
S/O to and for being great friends !
We're looking forward to it too!
Can't believe it's the last week of my freshman year of college. It went by so fast.
Happy birthday to the fun and gorgeous !!!
#Bulls playin like ass tonight!!
Thinking of me turning another age in less than a week. I see Y folks dont handle aging well. Time moves too fast once ur an adult
looking forward to hearing more
<U+270B><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096> I ain't drinking like last night
can't wait to see! This is going to beer than Christina Aguilera's suddenly slut phase
live chat any minute now! aah! i'm so excited.
Lol...62 unlucky tweeters are gonna be unfollowed. Today could be your day
so good Mr. Wills! It keeps getting busier :)
Totes forgot about the Old Pecan St. Festival. It's always something, eh Austin?
RT : Of course he took the last shot. I don't like that guy's Jere-me first attitude, and I find it Linsulting to the game.
Happy Hump Day! Going to a closing then to get my hair done
say what you will about whatever the Hell friends we are -- we need to see that movie together.
True. It can be hard to emphasize how important the choice of CMS is.
Cleaning room=throwing everything that will fit into your closet that fits.
oh good. We need to find a time to get a drink, though. It will be fun.
So sleepy.
It's sorta like Friday...
I hate to kill 'em. They're practically family....but I am an exterminator. Actually, I only use live catch traps at home. Only at home..
oh pookie...maybe someday you'll be allowed to stand in front if the board instead of kneeling down under it.
ONE-LINER: The repairman will never have seen a model quite like yours before.
yup! That's him.
I'm that guy whose iPod is filled with pop songs from car commercials.
n e way u laughing at me n u still up too ah ha ;-p
We now have a Twitter account, hope all you Cardinals have a fun and safe Friday night! We are open until 3AM tonight, give us a call!
go look at Justin Biebers latest tweet!!! Like now. ASAP.
That's awesome! Congratulations! :)
RT : RT : RT : LeBron can't even get the refs to call a foul on him when he tries to give one.
welcome to twitter !!
So glad to have shared the highlight of my day with you.
Off to then to play some #poker & try to perform a skrillarectomy on some of these cowboys in town for
it is getting on my nerves that people are confusing 'then' and 'than' when writing
OMG! I thought u were talkin bout my "beef jerky"! LMAO! I told peeps @ work bout ddub kiss. They didn't care!
If you do a general search for temp agencies some others come up.
A great new record label releasing high quality music, and they'll keep you up to date with all the news on my new album ()
Most people will accept a likely lie to an unlikely truth ...!!!
Love me some Albert Mehrabian! RT 7% of communication is verbal. Tone of our voice constitutes 38%, body language or physiology 55%
Um NO RT : you know you're a fat ass if you retweet a restaurant. If you retweet McDonalds you got some serious issues
"oh sometimes I get a good feeling"
I'm on my way. I have a #BoxofTissues in one hand and #Food in the other. I'm prepared. ;D
I have no appetite this isn't normal
After the Broncos stunned the Bears in overtime (Tim)"Tebow has been dubbed The Mile High Messiah."
as we get more connected aren't we all changing the face of what theeatre is.
yup;D ill tweet pics later:)
Ayyyeeee #classic RT : heard the sexual healing mix off the chain you put yo foot in that!!!!!
yes please bringeth it on TURTLE!
Mighty Texas Dog Walk today Check in w/ Mud Puppies & add to Biggest Hair Ball! Drop by 2nd St #austinloftydog 4 goodies. open @ 9am today.
shares the same birthday as I'm sorry, Aaron!
Happy Leap Day!!! A leap and a hump day!
Who says you're not star potential? Who says you're not presidential?
No probRT : s/o to for da follow
Forecast for tonight | A great party with at with a myriad of Ace and Dom. Contact me for info.
i slept good last night
Maybe if I had a better attitude and wasn't so sarcastic I'd actually have friends.
with train. :p
5 yrs ago there was no Facebook platform or iPhone. “These two super-platforms enable most innovation we see today,” Spotify CEO
Wish I was curled up in bed with watching 90210. On that note
Working on a client computer
Gratitude, it is tough to show, but it is something one must show on a daily basis.
Yeah...is that okay Jessi? -Samantha
It's National Dog Day so a shout out to my pups Pepper & Ginger. You guys are the best dogs on the planet.
this chemistry sol review packet<<<
Would you rather go to Orlando or hang out with Europeans?
that sucks ... Does it still work?
My wife is away at a conference, I am trying to pack for an overnight, clean up house, ship something, and amuse 3 year old
Step #7: give up on the luxury of criticism.
I know the feeling. I was in school until the game started and then I had homework.
“:At this point in my life I don't have any problem deleting people in my life, you wanna leave,I'll open the door for you !”
He's an architect. It's all leading somewhere (in addition to the bank).
You look great!
Wonderful. Can you please provide your email address for us? Once I have this, I can check the status! Thank you!
Indians in 1st place!!
Why does my mom have to take my car when she goes out with friends :(
- kudos for your motivation to "get back on track" - I think we can all relate :) Go get 'em!
Best Mother's Day ever... RT : SEX TAPE OF TYSON BECKFORD IS BEING SHOPPED?!
What a day god is so god
so where are they now at 9:45 pm May 15?
If you wearing any other color but blue today you should just probably stay inside
I'll be going off on a whim tonight at Governors!!! Come on down 10pm
stop halsey lol
Yeah, it hit me hard too. Didn't realize he was that old. He was a real influence on my work, especially his muted colors.
Who would like a couple of FREE tickets to the show tonight in San Francisco? (we always save some guest list spots for our Facebook folks)
Haha absolutely karma!
Loving life and touring the world!!!
- ATL. Gotta love the Falcons.
Thanks for the RT! See you next week at our first PRSA-C event of 2012!
r.i.p heavy d "greats die bfore i get a chance to meet em"
AVENGERS next friday!!!!
My Saturday night? Removing a trojan virus acquired by my sweetie pie.
I like how live tweets the entire time we are at a VERY IMPORTANT meeting!! She plays while I have to work!
all I know is I need to get the EFF outta Boston... September where are you? ATL is callin my name
OK THEY'RE TALKING ABOUT IT
hope you insomniac , sleep on me if you wanna take a dirt nap; nigga i'm talking rat tat tat !
Question is now: Will Romney 1 Up POTUS by backing marriage between a man and a corporation?
#1 did you survive fall break and #2 how the heck was your weekend event lady hurry and BLOG it I'm dying for your story!!
5 months until EdCamp Social Studies. We think you should share this with your Social Studies departments!
Is very happy when life unexpectedly turns out great
The only day I ever want Chick-fil-a is on Sundays
Caroline was affected by our last hotel breakfast too. The hall was crowded. And we're watching the spread in Contagion RIGHT NOW.
ok ok sorry fam I'm drunk. Lol plz send me a link so I can promo.
im proud af of my peers
Ohio n teasing cincy n lehigh
It's funny when Heat fans act like they care
where do birds go at night?
L.A. needs more biergartens.
Went to visit my brother yesterday. Did a double-take because one of the inmates looked like he could be the twin of someone I know.
Carlisle: Roddy is gonna have to play...we need him. Marion is a big difference maker for us. This time of year is good pressure
I wish I could hug you. God loves you, and I love you.
People who used to rely on snail mail to communicate are now able to exchange letters within
I do. Thanks!
Evidence of God's existence! Pittsburgh wins Stanley Cup.
'Tis not where we lie, but whence we fell; the loss of heaven's the greatest pain in hell.
Thanks :) “: #NF cute smile by the way”
it is. But took time to get it. Very thankful.
"That'll Learn Ya!!"
If you're not good at something you love, just commit so much time to it that people associate it with you anyway.
well wen I get off
just popped open a can of hormel chili, pouring it on some chips!
Your toddler is probably happier, too! Thanks for trying AmazonFresh! We sure hope you stick with us.
In the mood to blow up a tv!
oh, now I'm even more pumped. Still down to see in June, or will you be all ffunnily ffrended out?
Oh my... those new strawberry cheesecake frosty parfait's from Wendy's are too damn good!
Planking Seems Stupid Ass Fuck Just Saying..:D
Hey tell your hubby I was in his old stomping grounds today and passed the Jasper Engines house!
Beer and free hot dogs. Perfect end to the work day.
I dunno why, but from all the toys in the world, People choose “Feelings” to play with...
Please dont apologize,ur hilarious! : i know you get updates so, im sorry that i kept tweeting...
Watching the home alone series on
Incredible lunch ! The chicken or the egg. Thank you and !
Crazy morning. Fuck.
Sorry to hear that. It's nice and sunny here in Pittsburgh today, Mercedes.
Needs some inspiration. Thank goodness for #cupofinspiration via
what do I win!?
I heard he was stapled to the chicken but either way works. :)
No person was ever honored for what he received. Honor has been the reward for what he gave. ~Calvin Coolidge
Damn, produced a bass sax 2day. Damn, what a sound. Gotta use that in the future. Also tuba. There's a cat in New Orleans, whew!
#KSsynapse Zoghbi: Males with mutant MeCP2 typically die within first year of life because...yup...only one X-chromosome.
Had a lovely egg, cheese and bacon bit omelet with cottage cheese and Tiramisu flavored coffee that a lovely European slave sent me
please please please please please please please please please please!!!!!!
I have 9 days to decide what I'm gonna do next year...and I don't want any of my options. I just wanna stay inside and hide from reality...
Fuck the world.....!
Working out the details to be a part of the biggest charity event in DC this spring!!
The best thing about waiting is having what you really deserve.
is #boehner not wearing a flag pin? has he become one of those European socialists? dems are too afraid not to. where is his?
but he died! Yesterday! And for some reason this is one loss I am not mourning.
huge fan of Mike Floyd's ... It's a good deal all around
Well guys, today is the day! Let's make today the best graduated class Mayfield High has ever seen!
ugh with all the dang food! So ready to go back to chicken and wild rice..
Thank you Chris!!!
sounds like fun- I remember seeing Danzig in white plains ON Halloween in 1991, and they played "Halloween" - mind blowing at the time
Lining up Jelly Bellies by flavor and number so that I slowly savor them and don't just pour them into my mouth all willy-nilly.
Haha, nice one Elliot, I think Keith came to the same conclusion. :)
": MT : "With the delegate sweep in Guam, it is worth more to Romney than Oklahoma was to Santorum." Delegate math!"
Amazing show at the White Out! Great win by the Yotes, just an incredible day all around!
brisk sunday morning jog
Come back and visit soon! Take care and eat well :)
I'm gonna start yelling at Mike Davis even before he drops the pass from now on. Yelling at him afterward is getting old
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "This game is fun once you get the hang of it!" by Ariana
So inspired by at !!! Can't wait to ask her to speak at Girl Talks Project Inside Out!
Loving the new show "United Stats of America" on the History Channel. Funny, educational, gratuitous boobs. Watch it now!
well hello hello!
Pink eye suckkkss
Our first breakfast in Paris a walk down from our 2nd floor Apt and into La Boulangerie! So many choisi...tarte au poire ou pain chocolat?
We need YOU!
very nice work!
The most #famouslies is "I am fine"
"Sent from Twitter for iPad" Looks like you had a pretty #luxurious birthday already, Bitta
I'm playing the CNBC Million Portfolio Challenge via
dear #akronrappers, if u ain't my nigga, & hopefully yall know who yall r, FUCK U!!! im done being supportive...Shine On Pt.2 coming soon
Just knocked down a MKE Burger and Buffalo Chix Eggroll & kids polished down strips Best Sunday in a while! Family & Peanuts
I need to start getting more sleep
call up this # & ask where their guitars are assembled-they honestly DO NOT KNOW: 1-866-328-4146
Jersey Mikes Subs for lunch <3 bringin back the old memories <3
Our pleasure!
i kinda wanna see it ha
“: BATTLE ROUND IDEA: Juliett Simms vs. Eric Church. #justsayin” WOW!!!
Just lost my cool big time with the RCN lady after an unsuccessful trip to their inconvenient central office downtown.
it goes under the category of bitching which is depressing
"I wasn't that drunk!" "Dude, you asked your girlfriend if she was single"
One more week to register for the #a4aChallenge! Registration closes May 2. Help us make the case that #AfterschoolWorks!...
giving up bogeys for lent
Good morning! I really had to stop and think when I realized it was Wednesday again ALREADY! It seems like it's gone SO fast..
Read the last two lines of the column.//Fair enough, I guess I just think his apology was sufficient for foot-in-mouth.
I really wish it was October.
Too bad I don't have 1MM+ followers like or Delta might care
Sandburg has a power outage? Oh, this isn't surprising. Hahaha
Happy St. Patrick's Day! <U+E110>
Just waiting for the cover for the new book The Sentinel. I think it's a great story for kids to read. It & the screenplay is for them.
how about a blogpost;-)?
The things I do for his love. Smh.
so sick of work.
Barbershop Punk theatrical premiere Tomorrow Night! reRun Theater in Brooklyn!!!
oh nun.I just was seeing wat u doing
Check out Scholars' Thursday tonight with . The night of music, poetry, trivia, comedy and more starts at 9 pm.
My nose runs every time I eat.
Sure enjoy!
i need a #haircut!
hopefully the NFLPA is doing the same.
Petroleum Jelly 2.) - Long term damage becoming evident-side effects from impurities in manufacturing process implicated in causing cancer!
I'm here 'til Wednesday (Downtown LA). Shoot me an email if you time for a drink or a meal or something.
thanks girl (:
Thanks for the love! We're very excited, too. Hope to see you soon!
Excited for OB Jazz Fest tomorrow! Music, food and beer garden = perfect Saturday!
oh yeah, nbd. check your e-mail!
without good friends, you have nothing
<----- #Shoutout ! Thanks 4 the follow I will
Thanks!! :) “: I love the theme of your blog, "There is no crying in PR!" Very clever.”
Words don't describe how much I'm dreading going to school tomorrow..
RT Bounty and Regular Nightly Tournaments have good value ($125/15)
Remember my prediction during the Manning saga and Marshall trade; Moore to Hartline starting qb/wr week 1.
Good to see everyone today! Thanks for coming out and braving the cold weather to make a statement that Wal-Mart is not welcome in our city.
It's funny because he doesn't know what a television is, and everyone has bad hair! COMEDY.
OMG NO #NYR score against #Caps!!
"I'm not sure about this." "How can you say that?" "I don't like the sound of that."
You guys are the greatest! Thanks for the customer support!
I was the neighbor to your left. Nice to meet you on twitter. You have some tech skills...
thank you. no there isn't any more cause i didn't get the gig. rewriting a script for-hire now. must focus! lol.
Whats a matter??
So there's some hot guys at the beach .. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Makin the intro
sad not to have Canadian thanksgiving this year, but 2 days off is pretty nice.
LEGGO #Sixers. That's a huge win. Going home with momentum
Some facts about me:: I love question
Follow me please!!ILOVEUU!!!
Welcome to Walmart, go fuck yourself...
The use of our highly attuned essences can remove or "overwrite" painful memories and limiting beliefs...bit.ly/floralivemission
No problem ma, I really do love your album
I heard it's easier to do your job with a computer.
I missed this! I fell asleep! Thanks tho.
well here's the thing I had one that was awesomeaglet but then I decided I wantd to start fresh so mynewone is "twinsofliberty
Cant stop listening to mixtapes
The largest 4th quarter comeback in playoff history smh
Great seeing & at Chilly Gonzales.
Why is unpopped popcorn even listed on nutrition labels? WHO IS EATING UNPOPPED POPCORN?
Battle of Atlanta World Karate Championship XLIII is June 17-18 . Join Us? Vacation in one of the world's most exciting cit
No worries! I got your email! I will add you to the next update. Thank you! :)
hi! do you have suggestions for playgrounds in SD for 1 y/o kids?
If you live in or near district 21, I need your help these next two weeks. Call me at 512-814-5138 if you can help!
this thing is weird
PS. My walk up song would be "Counting Murders and Drinking Beers" by Coalesce.
we may or may not go.
you stopped talking to me love so i thought you were just done :/
i know. plus a lot of people have argued that parks will survive bc it's owned 100% by NBC and is relatively close to syndication.
UTSA head football coach Larry Coker joins TMD next
Reports that "Brookfields...the people who own this place...are on their 'last wits with us.'"
no problem! :)
RT Anger is a weakness in an insecure personality.
I know god has something truly amazing in stored for me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
At the Hornets game in a sweet suite with
.babe wants me to go over {;
If guys wake up with "morning wood", then girls wake up with ... #pondering Morning birdies :)
have a beautiful fall weekend!
Why does your nose run and your feet smell?
jusss woke up, not in the best mood today. I was never informed, that love hurts this fuckin' bad. #mehhh. :/
Jenien , just saved me ! I lovee , her . (:
Dellinger: the ACA doesn't contain an individual mandate, it's a choice between minimum coverage or paying more taxes
You're welcome! What are your thoughts about PGR et al?
Aw, thank you Tessa! I really appreciate that :)
there needs to be a restaurant that sells healthy, correctly portioned food at a reasonable price. It should be called "Noms"
for sure and ditto if you come down to Portland.
On another #starwars bender. Please intervene with contact solution and Blue Snaggletooth action figures
*Placing 18,000 plus hot dogs on chairs so Thunder fans can throw wieners upside ron artest head.
Omg. He keeps calling me babe. That's my weak spot bro. Kills me every time.
wow, that's dirty.
Thanks you very much, Rachel! :-) How are you doing? What have you been up to?
Oh, I was talking about the city in general but that works too. I think from like the 50's to the 80's we were never more than 11 GB
He saw the best in me, When everyone else around me See he's mine, and I am his, It doesn't matter what I did, He only sees me for who I am
Join our twitter family!!!! and we hope to see you here at in Chicago AGAIN soon!
Black Theatre News for the week.
": Luv this fr my girl : "I'm not here to please you. I'm here to raise you." #Moms #Dads" I love it!
i got a brand new one still in the plastic. ready 4 yu
well thank you! glad you got to listen :)
loss is so strange
What friends?
Get to hear Corky Seigel and his Chamber Blues Band in Three Oaks MI tonight!
Or like some relief package for Katrina victims.
Must practice discipline in my practicing. Trying not to let the mind and the fingers slip away in the middle of scales and arpeggios...
Scott Wallace is an amazing story teller, on paper AND in.person. Thanks for hosting him!
yeah, we were planning on stopping by.
"they are crypto-Derridians embedded into collections of fossilized bones to pervert good positivist American school-children."
The amount of sleep required by the average person is just five minutes more...
Help me get 1000 followers? :D I follow back btw
Hope You have a very Happy Halloween! :-)
Hah the Ivey anecdote is pretty funny.. what an animal. Sounds terrifying, can't believe ppl would try to rob aviation club
Yay! Glad you love your hair. “: thanks! did such a good job!”
My God u are quick on the Twigger! Get it? So fun to see u too!
“: Can anyone tell me if Brew City is sold out yet?” still some tickets left! Not for long though...
Princess Cruises sale extended thru 10/31 Get reduced deposit & coupon booklet!There's nothing as relaxing as a Princess cruise 800-803-7245
Poised Creation has gone through some growing pains!
Thanks for the follows. Have a great weekend. @
Up way too early but it's for a good cause.
Thank the good lord we have a pet bakery boutique in town now. Our dog population had been living like a bunch of savages.
Umami Bag of Tricks: Tomato,Wine, Garlic,Onions,Beef Bones = Beef Barley Soup to write home about!
#ToPlayAugustaIWould cheerfully accept your kind invitation to do so. (There's a sponsor to pay airfare and greens fees, right?)
Not gonna have my contacts / glasses for the senior assembly tomorrow. :o
Fine, Obama got Bin Laden. But we need a Republican president who will focus on trashing the economy with European style austerity.
Bobby Knight is such a tool. Talks about POY and doesnt even mention Anthony Davis. That is some of the worst bias I have ever seen!
Christmas is almost here! Make sure to hang the mistletoe! ;)
Exceptionally dirty. Shouldn't you be packing?!
i absolutely love having my license.
You act all hard on twitter, and at school you ain't shit (;
Lil wayne verse on that Mystikal track >
Money from strangers is such a brilliant funny show.
Thrilled to try out the new tonight with the crew!
do it!
Thanks for the Sat. shout out!
Obit entirely by Ryan, but I have to take the byline since I'm here and he's now in Iowa!
We work out of Wadsworth but Barberton has the best Sausage and Bread in the area that I can source locally. Now to answer...
Might sleep in my trimming belt...
Damn damn damn
Daily Special, Mon 04/23/12 - Country fried steak served w/ mashed potatoes & white pepper gravy, corn, and bread. While it lasts! $6.09 RT
Cat: it's so cute! Like a baby meatball Andre: meatballs are brown Cat: YOUR SO MEAN TO ME :] #CatQuotes <U+2665>
Signs is a pretty good movie.
Just worked with Hulk Hogan & Troy Aikman! These guys are both over 6'5", which made my 5'10" self feel tiny! Love it!...
#FACT Larvae can develop and hatch into mosquitoes in seven to 10 days, depending on the environment.
Sometimes meetings are so unnecessary especially when they pertain to absolute nonsense...JusSayin!! Anticipating those NBA playoffs later!!
FINALLY seeing #TheHungerGames!!! (So that everyone will cease in disowning me lol)
Listening to the late Eddy Shaver play some amazing blues licks on "Necessary Evil". Wow, what a talent. R.I.P., Eddy.
swag swag u love me u love me swag swag i love u 2 i love u 2 just a song that went in my head
July 2012, price not set. RT : do you have a release date and price for the temp controlled electric kettle?
I was a mahomies for long time ago ahahaha!
You cant win missing all those free throws down the stretch.
Yes we can lol I'll find new viruses and bacteria to play with and leave the pet alone :D
> Have fun at Lambeau today! I'm on the DL with flu like symptoms today. Think Walgreens will refund my flu shot? LOL. :)
Thanks K! I miss you, too! First year it hasn't iced on my bday since I've lived in KC... calls for an even bigger celebration!
Sonoran Hot dogs!
Thats fantastic, can't wait to have it up
When do summer classes start again?
This here is our 100th tweet! Happy #Friday all.
they have some on netflix like some arthur,dragon tales, cailou and some others haha
Does that apply to dudes? Cuz I like pussy.
Amazing What Happens When You Decide! Romans 12:2. GOD IS!!!
who's the one that always brings it up.....
why is he still awake? Lol...
Have you considered running Series 1 & 2 of Downton Abbey this fall to get more people into it B4 #3? People are interested
I did okay, good for my first one. Came in at 2:08, also felt like I reeeeeaaallly slowed down at mile 10. It got so hot!
I think she's the one it just going to take time.. and he is good and yes I am going to the va
why u not following me hoe?
starting to try out Buzz. Buzzing, Tweeting, Blogging. How social can one introvert be?
Bubba Melrose doing a great John Madden impression looking over that questionable goal.
I Wanna Dance with Somebody #teamfollowback #UNITE!!!
Miguel Sano is the Pedro Serrano of the Beloit Snappers. He just bombed a two-run homer off the left side of the scoreboard. Wow. 10 homers.
It was snowing. Took dog out for a snow walk. It stopped snowing. Got home. It started snowing. I give up. Tuning up the bass guitar.
Research: systematic investigation undertaken to develop generalizeable knowledge. Distinct from: quality control, evaluation.
im bored. somebody talk to me.
UI designers! Seriously are you around? email me if so
We are gearing up for another great week @ LeTip - we're only 5 people away from our goal of 30 members, and the competition is fierce!
"Edwards said, in a way, she wanted her dress to look like the Confederate flag because she lives in the South...."
hahaha I just loled, let's try it!
hey I want to be in your video!!! :)
Lol! Just got out of class, wait for me!
I am!
yeah! Soon we'll be harvesting our crop!
Bielema's timeouts killed them in the end. All the momentum, go to OT and take your chances there.
I swear, everybody I know knows somebody I know :)
This is the craziest thing and I have ever done.
lesson planning, grading papers, instruction, PD, club sponsorship, etc. your job is never over.
In final four action, TOCC against SKC. Playing to go to the championship game. #2012AIHEC GREAT GAME!
Just left Chicago,heading for Toledo,almost done,only 5 hours.
No rest for the weary! Showing Joe & Katie homes all day, walked 5K for #JDRF yesterday am, spent 12 hrs fixing a home for needy owner Fri.
Possible we might see a not-so-bad #PIPA that POTUS would sign? Don't know whether that's a good compromise or not...
A1: As a moderator, easily tag tweets to be used in summary at the end. Save time, etc...
you're welcome! I love to read about your abroad adventures...and your posts really make me want gelato! haha :)
Is rehearsing onstage at The Minskoff Theatre this afternoon for his Broadway debut as Pumbaa tomorrow night in The Lion King
Jake the Juggernaut takes the first! 1 up for the Americans!
This is the house built of sin. This is the house nobody lives. This is the house you get what you get yeah. House of 1,000 corpses.
On killing cancer screaning for women, , 'You have to hand it to the Rs, if you can't win the women vote, we'll just kill them!'
is creeping! Maybe he should follow me! :)))))
Amazing 7 mile run outside today around such a beautiful day!
sorry to hear that! what's next for you? keep me posted! i enjoyed reading...hope to be reading more from you...
Yo when we gettin ya thirsty ass replenished. Lmao.
My left eyeball hurts. It's coming! Sinus infection, no bueno.
how can we adapt all our proven methods for tracking learning, so that we can track online learning?
HAHAHA OH GOD WE'RE CRAZY.
Aww I'm jus now seeing Jasmine V retweeted my tweet :)
: Was Zimmerman driven by recent republican racially charge rhetoric???
Belay, on.
Tabitha Johnson (Columbia University) - library is a place for a FabLab - fabulous laboratory - where students can create things
Its unfortunate but its too late for the other side.
longest train ever!!! 76th gotta be backed up at least to 91st..
The refs on this Bulls-76ers game are a joke. No calls for the Bulls at all. But every damn call for Philly.
who do you like working with the most on set?
listening to the best singer ever, YOU!!!!
But who's counting?
TOAST: Good food, Good meat, Good Lord, LET'S EAT! Happy #Thanksgiving!
Makes a lot of sense to me re: Moss's next team RT : The Bears with Mike Tice running the O.
Guy in line to board (& who do they think they are kidding?!) looks like Sean Astin. Only in the military.
Ah got off work going to watch horrible bosses!
To the teacher who always reminded me that different can be better. Thanks Ms. Cain!
Next 5 followers get a dm to Austin or Dave or Timmy you choose!!
Lunch time!
I read it so my friends don't have to
Everyone come see One Acts this week:)
Not lucky, determined!
Is dudesin the name of a bro band? If not it should be.
Just a quick note-- I'm not on Hellertown, PA. I'm a MS Tech integrator at an independent school in Baltimore, MD. Thanks!
Ugh work
I agree that the sound bite is misleading if not read in full context
Yo momma.... What chu say about ma momma? Umm.. yo momma is a very nice lady..
like your comments on US Navy saving Iranians from pirates!!! NHdebate
Hangin in Jay Leno's hood today! Join me & til 5 @ the PETCO in Burbank @ 3525 W. Victory Blvd. Great adoptable pets & prizes!
Whats up w/all the NBA players trying to look like Steve Urkel??
Another sighting: A car with windows rolled down, blasting "Gettin' jiggy wit it" like it was 1998.
Post Production still continues! The Wailing
this is why we have a grid
Shrink Your Pores - Are large pores a problem for you? Use DNA’s Cryostem Cell Therapy. Just one treatment increases collagen production 71%
Always interesting (if you like SEO): In Google We Trust (Your Identity)
Thanks. Hope are all doing well.
Follow me!!! I need more #TeamBreezy followers:)
oh so you doin it big, hope I'm invited
#MemphisGrizzlies are cutting up!
RT is all about WellCity. We have a fitness room with accessible equip. and I'm tweetin' on an exercise ball at my computer.
will you come to boston please and thank you!!!
- Disney is just another studio, if I miss any place it would be #Valve ...
SOMEDAY by JUSTIN BIEBER
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.'
I bought Bonnie Tyler's car last year on ebay.It's fucking awful, every now and then it falls apart.
Dat bitch be my stuffing like... like we really fuckn
Still trying to finalize casting. Please stay tuned! If you haven't heard from us, does NOT mean you were not cast. Just a lot to do.
lol ..smart kids
you DESPERATELY need an new server!! laist.com times out more than any other web site i use!
Cj needs to text me
I have been such a bum b word today. I need to watch grey's and scandal.
#TwSIG Building a platform for engagement. For curiosity bout what is happening. What do people think about a news item? What are reactions
Congratulations! I'll DM you to get details
Happy birthday Robert Pattinson!
At the Cactus Cafe, getting ready for StoryTime. Who wants to buy me a drink?
Pipeline to Leadership was great! Room was packed, speakers were terrific, reception fare was tasty.
Finals All the best for your exams!! We are open all night for your midnight breaks for caffeine or food cravings!!
Andy Reid has been exposed! Now, go enjoy that wonderful imagery.
A Flannel shirt and batman sweatpants? (Gotta love it when they dress themselves)
I can tell u that mortorcycles drive on the LA Expressway lines in between cars and it's legal craziest thing I've witnessed
What, you wanted a link? Sorry. Not yet. =)
so.... tell me again why the mvp is in a 12 point game with a minute left?
Tila will win
hot show: ray ban sunglasses sale
hey rob how are you hope we hang out in chicago
Chair limits testimony AFTER Darling and WCJC lobbyist/attorney? Nice.
"He who has tact has less to retract." ~ Einstein
Wait, what are you saying? How do I get my documents on Google Drive then?
might want to think about going to third on that play. would he have had him at third?
You cannot make progress without making decisions.
Told boys if they wanted me to do something they had 2 hours. At 2:30 I'm watching
Hobbs native slams it home for Vandy Commodores! Vandy up 62-44 over Harvard.
It is generally expected, by market traders, that the DOW is getting ready to retreat to 9,000 or maybe 8,700. Let's watch and see.
Wait i heard it was a rumor cuz he was at ICON??
You have top love redoing something you've already done to put in your book.
What's everyone doing tonight?
WHATEVER!!!! It was all quality stuff <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I'm actually traveling tromboneless on this trip. I did bring mouthpieces.
thank you for all your support
Thank you<3 I love you all so very much<3
It premiers in NY and LA. on Aug 19 and in Kansas on Aug 15. Dvd's avail to buy on the website www.bornandbredmovie.com
Just witnessed a gentleman yell at for chewing gum
Gulick coming up fast
Used to wash birds in oil spills, and myriad other pelagic rehab duties, for , now I'm a naturalist with
"Alright alright..." RT : It's now 14 minutes past 4:20 on 4/20. Pizza delivery guys, I hope you have a full tank of gas.
Thank you for spreading the word!
im free.
“: HAHA Fuck NO!i'm not gonna fight she's not worth me losing everything i have ahead of me.Shit.” you wouldn't be starting shit
#poziam No #HIV is being spread because 1in5 people that are infected are unaware of their infection.
What you Speak you bring to life. What you bring to life you have to live with. You and only You are the Architect of Your Future.
Thanks for the #FF love!!!
I had such a fun day. Super stoked for tomorrow night! dinner with Kat and Marv. Finally get to meet this dude better step it up guy :)
Great job on your new #Aztecs Season Tix Adam! By far...best entertainment value in San Diego. Football = 25 days 2 go.
I'm so tired. I am going to sleep until May 14th! My eyes feel like led. Ugh!
I have one <3
Arrived in Charlotte, NC to make it my new home for a while! Excited to be part of photographic & arts community here. So vibrant!
Here comes the LinkedIn spam...
home, someone come over
Thank you for your support.
New Snowboard jacket in the mail! Now all I need is the snow... better not be lying!
RT Push for blues, jazz showcase on Chicago's Motor Row gains steam. bit.ly/o6b60o
Thanks to everyone who came out to celebrate our 8th Anniversary! Jayden was amazing and we had a blast! Now I need a nap!
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!! 2
Anyone understand why Mr. K made us do chapter 35 section 4 randomly out of the blue last night?
lol omg yes im like 10 minutes away.
I RTed some recommendations.
A couple more weeks of hitting it hard with and we'll be getting that
Whos the hottttboyyyy at dhs with the loud pack? <U+E415><U+E012><U+E41E>
We picked 10 winners for a program voucher, check your feed to see if you were a winner!
Too everyone going to Bassnectar tonight....F you
cathy quietly steps away as the joffrey ballerina is telling them never to act like that...
Bert and Ernie. Still the coolest. And doing it in claymation.
Oh yea so the world ends this year fuck I've still got alot to do no joke
I just felt my sisters baby kick and at first... My thumb jumped from the kick. and the last time... he kicked so hard i felt it on my palm
New MLB rule, hitting for the #Cycle in Denver means u have to hit HR 3B 2B 1B, but all in the SAME inning, otherwise routine
Looking for someone to help with the Zombie Crawl website this year. Email me if you're interested:
oh god the pain please do not remind of that year as a mavs fan.
YAAAY you're the best ever
": McDonagh blocks shot with foot/ankle, remains on ice, limping, yet making huge plays in own zone..#Warrior" I <3 him 4 that!
Just saw some kid basically wearing jncos ....seriously?
The iPad three came out
Did you know that 1 in 5 people find love at Comedy? shows? Find love Saturday November 12, 10:30 at The Box! Price to find love: $6 -A.M.
Laying in bed crying ... I can't handle being sick I'm such a baby
Huge day of college lax (bummed gonna be away from online feed until PM). Best of luck to our ACC brethren #TarHeels and
You got some Schmidt on your face!
New term at #sccol...GAFA - Google, Apple, Facebook, Amazon. Good one... from
You can sit right on my middle finger for the night*
Great lunch w ,, and ! So sad to see it close!
Is Rick's wife gonna die yet or what?
Beer makes you do things you wouldn't usually do. Like talk to a hot chick. Or fight a big guy. Or pee out of your butt.
Love it. Bonsai rocked!!
Good to know :)
Thanks for the follow ! Right back at you!
are you down right now? Having trouble reaching your servers.
Teacher: There is no language in which a double positive can form a negative. Student: Yeah, right.
#FlyerMemories When it smelled like piss in our locker room and Bryz says "It Jagr guys, he can't help it, he old man with no control"
We are thrilled to be mentioned ! They are an amazing organization! Much love!
To quote Disney "A whole new world.. I can't go back to where i used to be." :)
so like when gay marriage is legal what are all the gays going to complain about?
Going with to Tampa, FL for the first time!!
I hate frogs.
Baby dinosaur all day!
you got that right! no one in the lobbies usually believes I'm 54! oops did I type that out loud lol
Pats making to many mistakes
you southern boys dont know about this
What time is the class Heidi??
No, you're the best! And you could be my little sibling!
why rainna e
meet meet Ubah...
Cody will probably be late for our wedding too... smh
weed, hash, beats, raps
So how is everyone's night?
My bad...Looks like I have to go to my boss's office and actually watch on FOX! LOL STILL- WHY CAn'T I WATCH ON MLB.TV?
Daria's in your diss? that's awesome. I was also thinking of anti-cheerleader episode of Joan of Arcadia.
You should twitpic some of the ugliest sweaters at the party!
I love it how many time he says I am not supposed to do this
family comes first.
Do not try a red with a Belgium chocolate shake. I now you already knew that but a person must try, don't they?
Thanks dude. Awesome work by and too.
Hope you're right! Friday is suppose to be 60 and sunny for our launch party Wish u could come!
lol don't make me tell vino to checc u
Be who you want to be but be your self
Hella was suppose to see today but that didnt happen. Smh.
the issue is ethos; the OSS guys came from the hippie culture. The FB/Apple crowd doesn't much share those values. It'll swing back.
I love how the #Flyers embrace the tough, let's kick some ass (for real) attitude, of the team, even though some ppl might not like it.
OMG the sushirrito food truck is on my campus right now right outside my building. This is the happiest day of my life.
Because your fake!
From the studios...
Please explain that to my dog“: "You can't repurpose vomit." #rehearsal #props #phantomsgodown #lathtr”
Happy for Sonny :)
thanks for taking the best jumping photo ever in front of the capitol!
never been told by someone that they love my eyes.. random but cool.
Don't miss Rev. Carver McGriff's Veterans' Day program tomorrow and Saturday @ 10:30 a.m. Here's more info #Zionsville: bit.ly/tIzbs8
All three, clearly. RT : OJ, coffee or Bloody Mary?
got the through …going to drive it tonight!
so how are you, any improvements ....feeling better ?
Yeah that is definitely the worst part of the movie. But you must be crazy not to be crazy about the dark knight!
YES JULIAN .
I just signed up! Great Program
not gonna lie, jim beam is holding me over just fine
Hey Melissa :) Ced is an great guy.. Nice to meet ya!
RT : Good morning! I'm still full from last night's dinner
~ has an immediate need for two top notch ISSOs with policy, C&A, patch management, vulnerability analysis, depth of NIST and FISMA knowled…
Thanks for the Sunday love! Have a great week.
Excited for Demo Day.
how are you not showing the arsenal-man utd game? Fail
what do you love most about acting?
NEH offers Leech Lake Tribal College $500K challenge grant for library and archive.
If I die in Humanities, avenge my death.
do you have a booth? Where might I find you??
I disagree half of the UK team is better than the bobcats best player. Its not like fball where NFL teams are way bigger!!
You guys Kirk and Rush have been joking this whole time. Theyre just America"s funniest gay couple thats all.
Josh Smith back to the locker toom for the #Hawks reported sprained left ankle
This waitress sucks! Had to get up 3 times to get her attention, horrible !
Shoot , im Going to School ... il go w. Them Friday(:
in my experience, it's not a huge deal. Most sites are now being designed without flash to improve the tablet/mobile experience
San Marcos We are expanding our network of sponsors! Get in contact with us!
Look- I know I take my waiter's uniform too seriously. There's days when it's really all I got.
blah to u too
Abe, we need you.
maybe the best match I've ever seen, given the stakes for both sides!
I can't wait to see you on
Neighbor just got tasered and arrested... i knew i loved this neighborhood :)
I like Spencer Hawes, but no way he's a Husky legend.
what's up off this weekend?
Bat Cat! Haha
Busted by the over-shoes...
If you find meh one, i'll find yhu one!
I hate when the SAME peoples phones are always dead. #chargeyourshit It's fucking annoying!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
RT : I will be tweeting from TedxBroadway tomorrow (Monday) 12-5pm. Follow me or
Yay! We're so excited for you. Glad we could help
I need someone to talk to
I seriously love that film. Might be one of my favorite film versions of a Chandler novel.
children - the joy of our life....
If you were with me things would be different, I promis you that
Study Monday... #senioritis so close!
who was in your scene in PLL?!?! Did you meet any of the girls?
my hugs turn her day around. She's said it herself. That's good enough for me
John Stamos wins the George Clooney Memorial Better With Age Award. (His ad is immediately followed by Donald Trump's, who does not.)
I know<333:D
nice onee... can u give me a tweet sis?im from philippines.i long a twit from one of #TVD cast.:(
hahaha you're so clever!
It is so veyr boring. And bipolar weather. haha ther is this joke about my town, saying that it is the only place you (c)
You had a several questions. Mohawk was a no . The rest of the one word questions like rotary I couldn't answer.
Did Google remove the 'advanced search' link under the search form?
FSU Rugby going in today at Battlefield Park in Mobile, Bama for the SIRC Semi-Finals and a chance at winning it all!!
haha probably so <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> all the seniors want me to come party with them one last time
Levels is playing in Mickey d's
. is looking for 15 amatuer musicians for the January 7 Choose concert - email by Dec 21 for details
- we could work something out - and you'd get to see Cali!
Wow, just wow.
Trying to capture the story & history of 's Daily Challenge is my feat today. We've come a long way since April 2010!
OK, so Twitter will not let me sign out. Each time I do it just reopens. (hearing google+ theme song calling me at this rate)
jason. what will it take for you to follow me?
On my morning run I beat my virtual partner by over a minute - first time in a long time
It's on tonight at BigTim's. TMC's 1ST Fight Night, UFC ppv. It's gonna be an irie event!!!
The world is full with monsters with friendly faces
i feel sorry for all of you who aren't listening to flight of the conchords right now.
Looking for a street legal mini chopper.. If u have one message me!
Going to see tonight. "I only give in when I get the need... I'm only coming around 'cause I get to leave."
#FF some of our awesome partners!
I will and oh deff (:
"So a Kindle and a Nook walk into a Bookstore and the Kindle says..."
what about Lily Tomlin as his ma?
I need some blistex
the #BBN already loves you. #9 let's go
I'm hoping that will have me on #TheAgenda so we can have a no holds barred interview about #cd3 and beyond.
thats awesomee!!!! :) I hope you are loving Miami <3 you will do great there! :)
What's a duvet?
Last chapter , then time to get started on Norlanders h.w.
yes, I don't know where they found that guy, but he really is an idiot
Hi. Could you get back to me on the status of this project?
Thanks & drool! It does look like just a taste. In NOLA next month & all ready for Casamento's.
"Screwed is always better than glued." -Thomas Willeford
Doug Garland quotes star wars in his talk &quot;you will pay the price for your lack of vision&quot;
You sound like me. Don't want to be inside. Want to be outside running, biking, hiking...not gambling & blah!
Hack Library School Disneyland party?! Hell yes.
I don't remember when I started following you. Am I amogst those 39? :S
Sometimes things have to happen in order for things to get better; even if it hurts at first... happiness is in the end!!
No Strings attached like a cordless phone #ColeWorld Lol
that's excellent! Thanks for sharing.
And a happy Saturday to you too, Vino! Are you enjoying your weather?
shut up.
We've got great late night specials Thurs, Fri and Sat after 10 pm, every week. If you're a Nite Owl, flock to VIA.
RT - Miami Dolphins kicked of the Touchdown Club yesterday with guest Chad Henne. Tickets are available each Tuesda...
DC does sound like a lot of fun, but is there room for growth in PR or is it all politics?
About to watch my friend at the woods in portland. Where are you? :)
One call, that's all - yeah Aaron Rodgers!
Woah! 83 Followers!!((: y'all are the best!! Let's make it to 100 before January!!((: #loveourfollowers ~~~~Sammi((:
hilarious!!! Well Rev3 Knoxville is an opportunity for you to be famous.
Vaginas and Santino are trending right now. I can only believe it has to do with the same person.
I was just called "old school" for mostly tweeting from a computer.
He's a former TV anchor who is unemployed and my be hoping the pub will restart his career.
"We can teach interrogation of positions"
Lookin like a phatbooty Celine Dion, sex is on fire, I'ma king of Leon - a - Lewis.... Beyond the truest
#NowPlaying Pumped Up Kicks- Foster The People haha
I know that game
Lmao just noticed one of my old followers blocked me, oh. *sips caprisun*
While Americans and others rejoice the death of bin Laden, no reports yet around the world of mourning Osama. G'd night.
My favorite song to play live as of right now is a song called "Borderline Romance" but we don't have it on our facebook
Hey how you doing Mr. Howard?
birthday suit attire tonight!
I need u to keep me up on the latest! :) are u on instagram?
which device are you using?
Class of 2012, how excited are you for Senior Week?
So it turns out that Sarah Palin's summer bus tour was... just a summer bus tour.
Trayvon: The ONLY task for today is to step back, foster an environment where the investigation will uncover whole truth, whatever that is.
oh, did you hear....H&M is finally coming to Denver! Finally!
Happy Friday, everyone! Join us for dinner this weekend & check out some of the hot new menu items!
Let's travel there together after we get our apartment
Stop by today and cool off with our special strawberries and cream frappe! Show this tweet to your barista and get a dollar off!
Omw to applebees bout to smash
Straight girls in Brooklyn love Robyn even more than homosexuals do. Noted.
Superbowl couldn't miss Valentines! Usher was awesome!
Come see me at the Downtown Comedy Club, 9 p.m. It's gonna be a great show!
and we wonder why it's so hard to shop for pants online!!
You know you like it, do you want some of this? Call me later
U must be old when u see Bo Derek at the wiz game and ur younger coworkers have no idea who she is.
Kronos would be great to see perform Black Angels! We are premiering Crumb's new piece "American Songbook VII" this weekend
Hi Bill, As soon as we have a firm timeframe, we will post. It's been a long journey, but we hope to make it worth the wait.
RT : I love Billy Abbott
Does anyone know where I can find some moving boxes?
"They're not just big spenders. They're dumb spenders."
Have you attended our bi-weekly user groups? What suggestions do you have for items you'd like to see? tweet @ us & let us know your ideas!
Good Morning. Everything is going well in our country. OK,... well truthfully,.....
Have to be at work early today. P90X2 Yoga will have to wait until after work.
Just found a of bag of Dorothy Allison's trail mix in the van, looking to donate it to the Lesbian Herstory Archives.
oh, right! That's awesome.
Everyone needs goals to know what they want to achieve.
You know this is a lie right? "he said if we let him borrow $787 billion he would hold unemployment below eight percent"
finally, right?! Now if they an just get #wifi on all of them.
Time for Roller Derby action!
Ya so
"If you're white & rebelling against your parents, date me!" ROTFL!
shots out 2 u. U da best!!!!
Preparing corporate responsibility and #corpgov materials for my law students. So many great case studies to choose from in the news!
I think you would be an outstanding basketball announcer. A team of you and Kevin Calabro would be epic!
Got up way too early. 9 hours to naptown
Deeply Saddened to hear of Junior Seau's passing. RIP #55 Hope you found the peace you were looking for
thanks for follow - making the trip from Chicago on May 19th?
I love
I want one
if we get tickets there is no money lost
I swear tutus are extinct...
And I ain't to proud tah tell you that I cry sometimes cry sometimes about it
Waiting for Ethan to quit working I practically revamped visiting teaching.
just seen your commercial! You are very inspirational! Everything about you! You're gorgeous! You care! You enjoy life! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Rafa don't be mistaking me for you.
#justlanded I need you right now. are you down to come chill with me? No other city that I'd rather be!<3
what the heck ya mean lol
Sounds like you need a bandaid that uses some type of conductive fabric like X-Static or something.
I WANT TO GO TO PUBLIC SCHOOL SO FREAKING BAD... I CNT TAKE THIS ANYMORE
Can't get enough of full-metal alchemist. It's just such a good story.
I am quite impressed and amazed at how good natured almost everyone on this train has been in spite of a nearly 2 hour delay on a Friday.
i don't really like electrolytes.. just saying.
AH OMG I LOVE IT :)
but you're all dead and stuff.
spent 24+ hours awake. Getting too old for this. Maybe "getting" is the wrong word.
We use it too! It helps with information on unknown people mentioned in our collections, and with creators!
Pacers are legit. Have been all season.
If u lack hope today,try Jesus. He is the hope that doesn't run out. God bless.
So on those beats, you cant what ever you want them. O thino Free City Beat need a hook. I Can do it, but if wanna you can.
Anyone else think Asian Hot Wings are inappropriate for Christmas Dinner? Ok, maybe, but I like em!
Ladies & gentlemen, pimps & players, halfass rappers & true rhyme sayers, this is the Carter; so hold on to ya teenage daughter.
12:15 start FreeStyle Flying Disc Demonstration
Why are they booing Blake griffin after being injured, that's fucked up
Could These Poems Be Written by Your Child&#39;s Teacher? » Gatfol Blog
Just got to work :)
whoever wins...we loose!
Why are you on my mind 24/7?
love the examples used here. Great tools
Thrilled about 's new avatar. congrats Noah!! #LifeisGood!
it's been much too long :P what's up hun?
can I come with you? :)
How many gun safe articles are found on google.
Back for NW Sports Tonight on from 6 to 9 p.m. We'll talk Ducks, Nike Hoop Summit, The Masters and other surprises!
one of these days your gonna get raped..lets hope im not sleeping over when the come banging down your door.
oh I see...idk all your lingo all the time
Love would never be a promise of a rose garden unless it is showered with light of faith, water of sincerity and air of passion.
It has been. Already hoping to make it an annual event for myself.
#ThoughtsOnMyMind I' am so hungry
Radiation City for Mayor!
Thanks. Been awhile since I was a teenager.
I kind of think Judy B's "heterosexual matrix" or Walter B's "Angel of History" would be pretty tough too...
If only you cared..
Should I work over today?
#Gadhafi Sons Free in #Libya Something is wrong. Why blow the city up and let the object of the war free?
Hola, listeners! Thanks for listening to The Neighborhood with me and ! We're SO gonna be BFFs! xx
How about beach #Kronum. We'd have to play on the hard sand of course, but hey we're Kronum. We can make it work.
Hey justin i know u wont see this but im still saying #NSN i have supported u since day1,it would be a dream if u followed me.
": I have a feeling that you're going to bless me tremendously this weekend at "
Bout to hoop!
I've given you love for National Lampoon's Vacation and Animal House. Meh to the last one. Try Fletch next...
can't wait to hear y'all and im anxious..but I'm tired and got to be up at 5:30am..:/
THAT SOUNDS SINFULLY AMAZING. SHARE NOW.
If you are willing and obedient, you will eat the good things of the land. (Isaiah 1:19 HCSB)
- love the preview!
Got poke? Looking forward to 1st Annual Sam Choy's Keauhou Poke Contest 3/18
I'll get ready and be there in about an hour.
RT : We couldn't agree with you more...RT Myth: less art in education makes you more educated
Let's hope so but they might try to trade him, anyway. Bad history, there.
Sorry, my friend has the same name as you on instagram and I have my pictures sent to my twitter.
Don't be content with average because average is just as close to the bottom as it is to the top!
>Serious biz. How can I reach your camp on a promo/collab idea? Denmark TV interview u did in season, I coordinated. DM me
Next 50 people that follow get shoutouts! Hurry, I'm checking!
just got back from doing the same. It was kind of wonderful :)
Richard Avedon show at MFA in Boston was the perfect anecdote to black friday madness...the courtyard is a gorgeous space
We don't have a job - we have a platform to make change! Love it! Ppl who will win in new economy bring passion to lead, make difference.
Happy Birthday Steve Ankney!!! #25 is the new
I think your sexier the socks on a rooster .<3
#Mobile #media followers in North #Texas, #text TEXASHARLEY to 90210 for #specials & #promotions from Texas Harley in Bedford. Roll on!
you are my american idol...
Love you kiddo! Thanks for the RT.
Lunch at followed by a Buckman Botanical Brewery Ginger beer at #SensingAPattern #Dragons!
Will do! If you can email me at so I have your contact info, that would be perfect.
maintain urgency and desperation for more than one game. They'll have it Monday.
Hey all worldviews aside, atleast now that TT is playing for our NYJ, we can root for that vessel for the holy ghost together!!
Especially dog lovers!
I'm so proud of what my company is doing... opening up to EVERYONE! http:/www.ttn.me/kimberlyeslinger
I don't know what you do but you do it well I'm under your spell #np Mercy - Duffy
You bullshittin?! This is news to me! WTF #BET???
the dreamer set. i got like such a lame name compared to everyone idek LOL
idk who the kid was
WOOHOO only 3 more periods for me(:
Yeh, I will. c:
Thee awkward moment when a ladies wig falls off..
Does anyone else dread going to Wal-Mart?
R.I.P. Dick Clark. Forever young! Now the only time you might see the "dancing aisle" from American Bandstand is at weddings.
Good morning :)
nothing but the best!:)
Just finished formatting my book for the CreateSpace paperback edition!!!!
i don't know...i was just trying to imagine something i would have done if i was hood. I never got to eat that stuff :(
Hey, Olympic team, you won't actually make it if you continue to give up goals off corners to Canada.
#pittsburghneedsdaretodreamsigning Oh how I love this<3
Everybody follow <-- let's get her to 130 followers!! She follow back , just ask her!(;
keep calm and party on <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><U+270C>
I went downstairs by reg desk cuz wasn't sure where "outside" meant.
thanks, appreciate it
RT 3% of the ppl influence 90% of the audience. Online conversations have changed the 80/20 rule.
my 9 year old said "i want June's job", good, something to strive for.
Remember when everyone said the Heat have no bench? That changed when Haslem started playing.
whats your favorite crazy outfit of yours???
Hey, thanks! It's been interesting to explore the whole badge system during TCC.
I like that.
The min you start feeling stupid or down on your self remember. There's always a stripper who's battling daddy issues and selling her sex.
Spirit Airlines is dispiriting, a wretched, mean, and entrapping airline with too few planes/routes for rescuing delayed/canceled flights.
It is:) RT : Whiskey dicks would be fun
The vegan food last night at Woodend Mansion was impressive and delicious!
You know it's serious when you see people standing on their BMW roofs.
Sunny day out and I have work till 5 #thissucks :(
Class this morning, work all day/night, homework, then the sweet sweet surrender of sleep.
thanks! only time will tell! ;)
thank you / check my dates on www.shaimaestro.com maybe next year ?
Thx for the feedback. Would like to hear more. Open to share details on improvement? Email: . cc
oh yea? Lol I would like to see you try
what is the niche? What exactly do you need help with?
we need to get used to saying int'l instead of EMEA - you're right - SORRY!!!
Chris is always there for me ..it may take hime 30 days...but he will get it/there lmfao!
Literature will lose, sunlight will win, dont worry- franz wright
ok. servers are about $100 a year with a domain free for a year. you ok w/ that?
Comment from "Beautiful music , very entertaining, great vibe, keep up the good work!".
What I see can't be right? : - did you see this?! : So I finally gave into Pinterest...
good hanging with you! wish you and the missus safe travels home.
The part when I tripped over his vans!!:D
Okay... I lied...lol RT Not worried about #Lakers being competitive against the #Thunder. They'll fix the mistakes.
So will we have access to this Bryce Harper game? I'd like to watch some good baseball today.
I love hearin my pops crack up to the bob and tom show! :)
Exam in 5 hours. Shall I study more or sleep?
Recent garage sale plunder: THE KNOWN WORLD (25¢), LET THE GREAT WORLD SPIN (25¢), THE WRITER'S CRAFT (50¢). A dollar well spent!
- luv their raw pizza. Delish food.
1 more minute doe
Successful day
what will happen to traditional retail? Research and Markets: Global Beer Trends 2011 - Historical and Forecast Beer Consumption Trends,
Did the USA just take the Back to the Future car to the 50's cause socially and politically,it sure feels like it.
So does that mean that your the boss now..lo
you lewd crude rude bag of pre-chewed food dude.
Sounds like a debriefing I'd love to be a fly on the wall for! I can only imagine some of the things you two hear? ;)
It will all be worth it when May 5th gets here! Hang in there and LiveCameron...well...calorie free in your mind that is!
So sleepy I hate Friday morning classes!!!! Ugh
seven weeks?! I only have three 0_o
As a Yankee fan the injury of Mariano Rivera is terrible. I hope he has a speedy recovery and if he hopes to return to play he can do so
Jaw drops. What a sad little man he must have been. Well, you certainly showed him.
2 of felony counts: guilty for Amy Senser. Guilty of the misdemeanor count.
How about a hot & flavourful soup for lunch today? Have our creamy Mushroom Brie Bisque with garlic mini-loaf for $6.75
hey in my messages I send u somethinks and can u erace them and i will send u a new message plz?
lmao so true!
Salty aF i didnt even get to play D3 last night O___o
He doesn't get it, pal. Like Oklahoma, Carrie's OK. Nothing more. So lay off, That's all part of the plan.
Stuck in traffic on corner of Paradise and Tony Bennet Way.
one more fucking love song, ill be sick
please follow I wud be gr8tful if u follow me. I downloaded all ur songs n watch all ur videos please follow s.w.a.g
Faith is taking the 1st step even when you don't see the whole staicase. MLK
I need to tame them asap!
See you again sometime, Inverness...
yeah she's my kind of crazy...
Bingo. ESPN has bowling on.
The book 150 greatest paintings is great, about a page per painting in discription and a little about artist, wonderful~
Still in a food coma from my B-Day dinner from last night. Guess I can't handle fancy dinners. Ha!
nice pic! Glad you made it home ok through the super smooth hour and a half drive. Driving Ms Daisy lol
I have finally joined the world of birds...
Kings Island is on the Ghost Hunters show! Apparently theres a ghost of a little girl in a blue dress there...
you lucky duck!
Hope that fro-yo lasts us 40+ days... This is going to be tough!
FUN with #PUNS!: “I’ve been waiting to see the doctor,” said Elise patiently...
I've just unlocked the "making coffee" badge on
Reading Security Engr 2nd ed by Anderson, Good Book
First day of my new life spent on an airplane.
Just dreamed that I met #VanHansis , #LukeSnyder from #ATWT. He was so awsome and cool in the dream. Gave me his personal cell # too
We wish every Mom a Happy Mothers Day. 1720 Juan Tabo NE Suite E 505-268-SOAP(7627)
do it every morning <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
All four players are seniors. Rodgers is technically the No. 1 seed ahead of Boomgarden.
Favorite new album I've listened to this week: Alex Clare. It's so good! cc:
#IfWomenDidNotExist then who the hell would make men sandwiches?
My parents are getting divorced less than a month before their 20th anniversary.. Wow.
even though I have probably never talked to she seems like the sweetest girl you will probably ever meet! So stop hating!
who am I? You'll never guess....
That SUCKS. I feel bad for you because thats happened to me before. Where in the city were you? Im south of it, and no hail here.
me too.
Thanks Dalton and THANKS for retweeting!!
#808Pride i love u is only good when a boy says it first with out BEING ASKED
Discovered your fabulous shop in Concord. Love every detail--staff, design, crafts, and of course the books. Bravo!
My mom canceled my America's Next Top Model recording. This is the worst thing that's ever happened to me.
change your picture eggs are sketchy hahaha
What u want and what u need are 2 different things
And slowly erode their marketshare / mindshare. Mobile is a huge part of the future of computing.
I can do whatever I want, now why don't you grow up a little and stay out of my business
Why was Joe fired but others put on leave? Erickson says because Curley and Schultz haven't had day in court.
We've been on summer vacation, but a few things are in the works for fall/winter: including the next Astrobrite reissue, & some surprises!
I'm so done.
I love that tweet!:Dplease follow me?<3
#Trivia warm up! Testing ur #WhiteSox knowledge: What do Charles Robertson, Mark Buehrle and Philip Humber have in common? Trivia @ 8pm.
You can ask her yourself shes online
ITS EMBARASSING, OUR FACES..OMG
#sacscoc Metacognitive strategies help students evaluate their level of understanding.
Thanks much! Can't entirely tell which bison will be protected and which eaten?
Perfect beach day.
#youknowyouwinning when your name reaches the ears of people across the nation…….
u already know, soon as its done. i got u.
Thanks AP magazine for givin me the option between p!atd or this really gay picture of kellin i'll choose neither
Late night run. Be back later!
The One Where Eddie Moves In.
New Snug-Itz are shipping now!
Gotta love the double sausage race. Chorizo wins!
we need to fix Ang's twitter background :D I love the new pix btw! Must see them al
good morning! Happy day before Friday :)
New info in Crown Point hit&run. Did driver intentionally hit the 4 corrections officers? The sheriff: it's possible. $10k reward in case
I might have missed. Did you post news about the kits we preordered?
Ronnie Lott, Summer Sanders and Rick Neuheisel the new faces of the Pac-12 TV network it was announced today. What do you think?
Why is it so hard to put my thoughts onto paper? This is insane. It didnt used to be like that.
Hey everyone ! Sorry that I haven't been on !! I got grounded . Fail , right ?
Give me a 140-character synopsis of your newest piece. And GO!
but you're not following me :(
merrrrrrrp. me being in the class of 2012 has the best class slogans holy shit
giving up on Instapaper, switching to Read it Later. Nicer service so far.
#theBae told me something I won't forget ;; so from here Jalynn bites her tongue for no Bxtch !
this is gonna be the best fight till we get Mayweather vs. Pacquia! Hopefully B4 the Mayan calendar #EndoftheWorld date lol
Excited for my first event tonight
Follow her! She is pretty chill :)
Haha Houston traffic is just as bad as Dallas traffic....except the cars are crappier.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY :)
Funny how left the part about trashing him 1st out of her communications to her supporters. Fact Check.
Today's brunch features pumpkin mini muffins with dried tart cherries and pepitas, blackberry parfaits with coconut pepita granola...
Swift IPO Set for This Month Could Top $1 Billion
Come on Boni.... knock him in!
Butch Cassidy and Sundance Jam
yeah they're one of hte easiest as far as ultra beginner setups. And i think they give u like 3 diff types of beer with the kits
Death by mailing!!!
bahah RT : Define romance. Q4. Love on the road: your best romance found while traveling solo?
Thanks, Michael. That means a lot. As a sign of gratitude, I will plug your excellent P2P project to my meager 185 followers
Congratulations to the who advance to the second round of Playoffs. They've knocked off the #SJSharks in a 4-1 series.
gonna try again tomorrow. Wanted to get some pancakes!
Lol the next 1 is the grammys which is in feb
Im bouta start dressing like a rock star stay wit cut up jeans and punk rock shirts and them glove that cut at the finger!!!...yuhhhs
Thanks! I'm glad you found the blog post meaningful.
Should I go naked to graduation
Special thanks to for the connection - it was a good one girlfriend.
and you didn't even go to Golds, you just breathe the same air as furniture customers
25% of drivers should have their licenses revoked IMHO.
if you are "influential", you can receive perks from brands who are using Klout to gain social buzz. I got some free tea!
Well we've never been in the car for a long period of time. most about 20 mins. And she does fairly well, if she's sleeping!
In Nonsuch, Turly Curd is smiling. Does he have twitter yet?
um that sounds amazing!! Such a perfecto day for
Well, when you live in KY, you support KY.
I will meet you guys there! Go team. “: You can still make it if you leave now.”
#helmetguy getting a shout out on air from "back em down!"
Working on a Double-CD project mastering, duplication/printing today. Doing some duplication for Deepak Chopra again today (& yesterday).
Lace wigs are tacky! RT if you agree
Math. The only place where people buy 60 watermelons and no one knows why.
lol they do exist!! That was their best song....
Wonder what's motivation? Deals? Info for friends? Vanity? MT 10% of all adults use "check in" services up from 4% in May '11
WE ARE KENTUCKY.
What is your favorite thing about Roshon? I'll RT all your answers! -kenzie
I usually just play online. So like I play a little here and there. Blacks Ops II comes out 11/13:
Oye. So much to do before #AAA2010. I've outlined my paper, but it is far from being done. Guess that's what the plane ride is for. ;)
u sure i man i made the song in a studio i took me three months i like singing i just wish she would notice me !!!:(
Hope everybody liked the new designs that were posted today! Much more to come in the upcoming weeks!
Is there a better day for a burger than a Sunday? Open at 11 am.
I find it easier to make Keynotes on the iPad than the laptop. It's also simpler for me to project during our school assemblies.
Nice finishing work while the sun is still up and high. Spring time in San Francisco
#ifiwon mega millions,it wouldn't matter to me that my boss denied my vaca request for mid-april-I'd be taking a permanent vacation.
I could spend all day and all of my $ at lowes.
Do you guys remember that movie Primal Fear where Edward Norton "loses time?" That's me this week.
hey Dee Dee pleasure meeting you on set
My tummy hurts :(
All quiet on the ref desk front...
Arcata, eugene, bend. All places i've never been. Im just a canadian boy.
Saw tonight. It was really good. When he's not playing a buffoon is quite a good actor.
Be there in 5!
:) Warm fuzzies all around!! You all are awesome!
Happy Friday!! Who is ready for the weekend?
"What to Expect When Your Expecting" seems like its gonna be a good mo
haha thanks! Happy Birthday to you too!
Welcome to Indy attendees. We'll have live music this week. 1 block from conv. cntr. Next to Westin & Marriott on Washington St.
my boy with a side of salsa please
Whoo needs followers? if so tweet meh
Happy Birthday!! :)
RT The wind is crazy! Out here but I'm still setting up need that paper!!! Follow the next Calvin Klein!
Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph.-- Zig Ziglar
i dont know where to get them.you could look for them on google or something.i have some saved on my computer.
No. I've just come back. I'm not even sure I'll stay.
you need to get yours
I don't entirely mind it, depending on the situation ;-)
Go Barsa make the difference ...
Back in the 612
thanks for the RT.
I'm not sure but whatever it is its working great!
We just realized we have 952 followers. That's enough for a party of MASSIVE proportions. *raises champagne glass* CHEERS, YOU GUYS!
Secretly hoping just falls asleep on the phone with me so I never have to hang up....
I've decided to grow my hair ren faire long.
Hey! Where are you at now? Still in Jax.? I'm in Miami now, but had moved to NY for a bit.
#sschat popping back in!- 3 y.o. spilled paint all over floor when "helping" daddy paint the bathroom
About to go up at the west side comedy theater for open mic. Might crap myself onstage
Uh, I hope I find a similar love, someday. and I love them.
Goin to find food
I need a new (cheap) cocktail dress for the Annie Tinker benefit w Landon. Since I can't afford the Herve I want, recs in downtown NY?
Refer a new customer and receive $100. More information
*bit LOL not boy
Thank you for a terrific show! Be sure to connect your 's & keep in touch with everyone you met!
Lol stop it!!!
HUCK WAS BOUT TO PULL OUT THAT SCALPEL AGAIN!!!!!
Team Jesus headed to Texas in August inbox me we will stop by your Church
Queen Elizabeth isn't allowed to carry money. The filthy lucre shall not stain her royal palm. I, on the other hand, am simply broke.
Says who? I am a huge devotee of the serial comma (same thing). RT : apparently so is the oxford comma.
ju..ju..Justin.. You..you..your on the Voice! Already love your video of boyfriend and I seen a little of it. Omg #boyfriend!
In the old days a man who saved money was a miser; nowadays he's a wonder.
one big room full of crazy republicans
El pastor Restaurant Newark is looking forward to hosting Junina! Brazilian People in the house!!!
He's a good guest!
Our 15 for 15 Sale Starts Today! For the first 15 days of July, ALL shirts are just $15! Happy Summer! Order yours at www.ossoclothing.com
GONE TO THE RIGHT FIELD SEATS FOR KIPNIS!
Getting from W 82nd St. to E 24th St. by bus is considerably slower than walking...
WHY AREN'T THOSE IN MY MOUTH.
same bored
I agree; would rather organize, teach. Found a small occupyumd group on facebook; no advertising/communication w/ campus/network
It would have been so fun, however, to get some pictures and then do a newsletter about it for our bldg community.
i aint got time 4 dat wishy washy shit, so we just gone roll wit watch u said first
"I'm good friends with everybody"
well, everyone replying to my tweet agrees with me so nyeah.
Stoked for #bamboozle Fest. Me and would get to chance to meet other than twitter.
The #gohards list grows
y Friday that is so long away? And I have to take my final Friday
Fear of caring, that what we care so deeply about will not be loved by others. Natural but destructive
Our talents are the gift that God gives to us...What we make of our talents is our gift back to God. - Leo Buscaglia
Love that cleansing rain.
love it - Hoping the content delivers as well
ard bro. Is that jawn gonna be on yourube
not at all. Doesn't everybody?
early tubs. making pizza
O, u cute.
To hell with circumstances; I create opportunities.<U+FFFD> Bruce Lee
Just got carded buying cigarettes- think she might have been blind, but I'll take it.
I really miss nick :(
my boyfriend came to see me and I was sick, had natural hair, and no makeup.
Well yallllllllllllllllllllll.. From the 20tht to the 23rd of this I Month.. is when The Lord is going ti make me an Ordained Minister
Who's Law; the people's Law.
FAt ASS HEAD :)
#LNYHBT Has anyone heard about the new book by Jose Rodriguez? He wz the head of the CIA after 911
gotta chief something on the #beautiful bike ride to wizzork
trying to plan an interview with :)
Always a hard one...RT : "Act without expectation. ~ Lao Tzu #tao"
Always good to hear how smart mayors value art. Thx , Mayors Coleman & Smith for sharing your perspectives in NOLA.
haha I feel you (:
Just whoever you like to listen to! =)
I have a Moto Droid RAZR in addition to my iPhone. Not a bad piece of hw, but... Some nice features, but not really close.
"Boundary-free Enterprise" keynote #aatc They produce a lot of good information on #saas and the
I keep a smile on my face n the world at arms distance...cuz I'm careful of my feelins, they're my Achilles Heel¡
An artist I truly admire paid me one of the best compliments I have ever received in my writing career. Worth far more than any sales :)
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city
congrats! hope everyone gets to see this production!
Q5 Something that tells a good story; that doesn't rely on it's statement cause to make it the next big thing. 1/2
Surprise trip home for mommy day!!
I love #krogers open late and cheap prices :)
It's been a fantastic past 12 hours… 1) I got to see and 2) Doing work like a beast today already
that alright with you ma'am?!
Talking terps to the kids in Annapolis.
about time you take a hard stand and
darn. I wanted to support and promote y'alls thang. I will use it for other stuff then. Thanks! Hope all is well for you!
who you going to ask?
there was this dude that wanted to be a guru, was wearing a suit should've worn shorts...
thanks u
Now that's coaching. Haddadi's first minutes in 4th quarter in this series and he makes an impact at a crucial time for Grizz
Just voted for the first time for #SAA elections (I just joined this winter)
I'm Tryna C a Million before iGo!
I want to do some KAnsas City Chiefing..
Global Handheld Computing Devices Industry
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Betty gives a shout out to the Oregon Ducks
Very true RT : YOU are capable of ANYTHING! Believe in Yourself <U+E335>
RT : Just watched your "Love is All" music video on #JCTV & that song is legit!
aww well that's good. So now what? You go out there in April?
"Kuhn's book is often cited as one of the most-often-cited books of all time."
watching bebe kids!
Happy Thanksgiving 2 everyone around the world! I am thankful to have each of you as an influence in my life. Remember those in chains today
OK OK OK All good!!
“: Polls are open until 8p- anyone in line at 8 gets to vote. Tweet any voting ?s here #wivote #wiunion #wiprimary #voterid”
is thankful that her computer is finally be working.
That's not at all what I wanted to see as soon as I woke up.
keep your head high princess! i love you! <3 going to tear up this town
know what you mean. Have you run into someone like this recently?
OK... I've asked two teachers. What state are you in?
We are staying over a day to explore Salt Lake what are some things a dog like me is allowed to see or do?
Selection Sunday. Let's go Hoyas!
fasho bro be careful!!!
Lookin' for a lift home from airport tonight at 830. Any takers?
Thanks for the
your pretty awesome yourself lol.
W/music: consistently successful practice = gr8 performance. RT Success: not the destination; it's a way to travel. D. Waitley
You got that right!
Wow I was tripping..
Thank you :-)
I wish I could go shopping
yeah, u didn't know
awesome choice for an avi
<-- Follow her
sometimes my mom wish I was sweet like strawberries when I'm really bitter like lemon juice. Its cute when she thinks its just a phrase
"BLUE MAN, WHERE YO FEET AT?!" -
Wise men say, only fools rush in...
Tonight's Special: Cajin Shrimp Basket with Fries!
Why don't Justin hire Selena as the leading girl in one of his music videos, I honestly think it would be cute
Headed to the downs with and #twitterlessmatthew who will miss lots on twitter today.
You are very welcome, my pleasure Amanda!
SEW #IFMA is hosting their Professional Member appreciation event right now at #SPiNMilwaukee. How's your ping pong game?!
Still feeling sick :/
HEY YOU STOP FOLLOWING?
Love walking around the Short North on a gorgeous Saturday!
RT : I bet The Great Depression could've been ended with a giant Zoloft.
I69 two lanes closed north of 96th,may explain my wide open commute from 96th to 465,thought it was just Fishers/HSE Spring Break :)
you weren't with raydell.. & that game didn't count I had a shitty partner. Lol
Hey guys check my Band Profile for some free downloads of 6 of my songs!
8 more followers and I'm at 700!
Blue actually got one right!!!
Completely on your side, BUT- if it's their establishment, can't they ban outside food/drink if they want?
NBC must have gotten a great deal on Bedazzled microphones.
Blazers say that LaMarcus Aldridge is headed to Vail, Co to have sore hip checked. He is questionable for tomorrow.
#SquaredFact grace is 5'2 she's the shortest out of the group
Yo mamma is so hairy that she looked like chubaca.
can you fill me in on what your doing?
People in the office are putting together a lotto pool. I can't join but they said they'd take me to lunch if they win...in Amsterdam! Win!
& btw, I'm so excited for you(: your gonna be a great mother!! being a mommy is hard work, but its all worth it!
Is this a basketball game or a dunking contest. Who do u u think us going to win
Doing nothing can sometimes be a good thing, but it's getting really old.
Sequin top glittery shorts (: (glitter pockets)
What a great night for that! Remember to be safe as you amble, wander, walk it out.
ha, possibly douchey Peruvian cocktail lounge.
The Miracle on Madison Avenue: Sat Dec 11 5:00pm. Join the festivities! Community tree lighting and holiday fun. Madison Avenue @ Robert St.
I'm just a Shaq guy, I guess. I thought he was on-point after the Lakers-Nuggets game. And I think he plays well off Charles.
Being mentioned in the same tweet as Ryan Gosling made me feel sexy. Thanks.
That's quite an interesting shift in music. lol
I have some or contact
Woke up to loud snores then glee blasting!urrr!!
Thinking is overrated. It is effective action that separates winners from whiners. Control your thoughts through action. Jim Woods Coaching
Music Content & Partner Relations position & thought it'd be interesting to reach out to you. Keep up the great work!
thank u for following i have cerebral palsy with spastic (spasms)
OMG! Ur following me!? :D :D <3
FUCK I JUST WANT TO CRY!
feeling overwhelmed... and it's the summer! oy vey, i say.
we are using moving forward. Got it officially!
how about the science for what's going on in Ron Artest's head!!!
Keep those lovely tweets coming.
Jam have fallen behind by 18 early in Q4. 9:02 left to play
HAPPY NEW YEARS TO ALL ! OPEN TODAY FROM 1-4PM! WE BUY GOLD,SILVER!
also good joke ha. It'll be a good one. Too bad we'll be on the bus -_-
when are you coming back to Dallas? I have some great restaurant ideas for you to visit!
#tie2011 #tie2011, wow, this changes everything, finally, cloud computing, so many resources, Kuglin
I've been trying to figure out how to take pictures on Instigram or whatever it's called for the past week, lol
MT MBTATransitPD person struck by AMTRAK train between #Mansfield & #Sharon #MBTA and AMTRAK service stopped
Your tweet stream this morning is inspiring me to go out and cat 6 some people on my steel 12 speed.
Good job purdue for big ten champs in baseball
When you accidently roll your eyes at your crush. <
give them all wedgies >:)
Happy Friday! Time to get my workout on! Hope everyone is having an amazing day, this weather makes me feel great!!!
Yes! First to rt you:)
3. None started
Good to see that 22 wins by Dantonio and company means you'd rather have Borges and Mattison. Lazy.
#ThingsIHate Those sleepless nights where your mind does nothing but overthink. *Sigh* :(
Breakfast sandwich from mondos >
The guy giving my mom a pedicure just snapped his gloves and declared cavity check.
Word of the day: inkle /INK l/ v. - to attend a party to which one has not been invited.
Yes, i have alot to update you on.. The Celebrity Spouses Health care plan... Pitching the NFLPA
Thanks! I <3 you too!
NOW A DAYS PEOPLE HAVE FORGOTTEN ABOUT THEIR "BEST FRIENDS" #BullShit right there
i did u follow me to
Watching The Voice with Viggle Tue | 9PM | NBC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Great! just coolin it. What u got going on?
so my birthday's tomorrow and I'm going to spend it by buying myself merch. Yay.
“: Sometimes a guy just wants to play video games and drink gin all night.” // amen
Happy Cinco De Mayo! I'm on stage today doing an Improv show at 1:15pm at UCBeast in NY. Its only $5. Come on down!!
Praying, praying, praying for Syd and baby Briar. Hoping for a very strong little girl.
Hear hear. “: Show is good. It's the awards that are broke. #HHAwards”
what do i smell like?
hey songwriter Dameion stopping by
think you missed your d-apostrophe… :)
thanks Ted. have a great day!
Korean bbq plus concord pretty good if in the neighborhood
all i need is Altakali's essay. Fischer's. and my semester exams. AND I AM FUCKING DONE.
what's your number?
kk I wont
Don't worry, you two can see who can throw the ball furthest. ;) I haven't played in years so I won't be much better.
I drive into work this morning on 894 and I had to get off on Forest Home because it was so wet and slushy. Didn't want to end up in ditch
No, but I'll be at Staples Center for the game. Are you bringing Blanche?
Log on to E2onair #the Sex Suite is on# join Natalie and Paul Wayne Haughton
It does not matter how much people say they love you… there are some journeys you have to take all by yourself.
Your Welcomes <333
Give me the Keynes and I'll drive you crazy.
I'm as mad as hell, and I'm not going to take this anymore!
Oh gods, give me the strength and the patience to #draw those things I find so terribly boring
He's the man! Thanks!
Anyone tried writing an app that allows a user to upload a spreadsheet to import data?
Omg my fucking debate partner ditched me
This warms my heart <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093> They are the cure for terrible days.
so funny!
can't wait to see you girls in LA! xo
Can't sleep, researching teeth bonding and if my dog has fleas. Will probably never sleep again.
that is a great feature, not too sure about tying my acct to phone yet ;)
My angel is the centerfold
AMR Unions are backing US AIRWAYS takeover talks.
We'll be getting started here shortly! 30 minutes to be precise! 10pm CST. We're ready to rock, are you?! Http://massiverocketradio.com
Senate defeats proposed literacy bill amdmt that would have softened retention language.
riding that right into a contract restructuring
Ready to move out
“: making facebook pages for your pet. #WhitePeopleWednesday” Lol!!!
Join us at Veteran's Park on Thursday morning for our end of the year picnic!
Oy. Hope we have the opportunity to share this further/formally!
Oh my damn , he gonna kill somebody tomorow . Like for real , he's scary :o I won't be in that class tomorow .
Packers back-to-back 4th round picks are 14 picks away. 132/133
my pleasure! Happy Saturday to you :) Cheers!
i have a few that would make your head spin.
Ughhhhhhggghhhgghgghghgggghhghgggggggghhhggggghgghhhgghhghgghhggggghhhhgghhghhhghhggghghghhghhhghhg! Do I have to read now? (:
says ag is fighting a war of words in the media. Ex: mad cow, swine flu, pink slime, factory farms.
also, a massive HELL YES to your whole tweet sequence.
Where may I find these choice words? Listen...Trust is built through work and taco bribes. Joe's getting there.
3 cheers to the Emulex RunConnect team, who crossed the finish in 30 hrs 30 mins at ! They came, ran and conquered!! Congrats!
Proud to be the Number 1 Nightlife entertainment source for
unfortunately I do not have one at the moment
Finals can kiss my ass!
great performance tonight!
i believe u!...lol wait, did u ever used to hack my myspace?
Pflunner dinner last night; good to catch up on each other's lives.
During today's fire drill at work, I'll be demonstrating several looting techniques.
Having to restart a level a gazillion times all because you want that perfect score -_- <<
pineapples bitch lol. Im insecure as fuck right now
Chill Night. TV & Pizza.
Two and a half men fail float.
Apparently the noise is from fireworks. They are the loudest freaking fireworks I have ever heard. And why on May 12??
missed you! ended up going out for coffee then came back to meet he just started at GA, go meet him, he's great!
so u drive an Acura lol
Back in Cleveland already...that was a short Easter weekend.
love that furry face!
Vodka for my ladies, whiskey for a grown man
RT if you want to do a concert by you(:
A person without a sense of humor is like a wagon without springs. It's jolted by every pebble on the road. ”
Our Soup of the Day is a delicious chicken tortilla!
At least we get to wear our cute jackets!! :)
Going on a little drive. I'll be back later!
It's gorgeous outside, but I'm inside - writing, editing and marketing. I'll stop the prep... when I'm a series regular. ;)
cannot wait to get to NYC thursday!! bottomless brunches await!
He'll start tracking next week. I went to mfa with him.
We are getting ready to launch a Humongous Global Drum Circle on April 7th in Nairobi and in Wash. DC ... video and Internet ... interactiv
Hi Cindy go to facebook and vote for ur favorite song and we will be working on it :) Have an awesome week
Talk about Ron Paul
Time for a little gun shopping today! Thanks Brett!
aren't you just the cutest! Lol we're doing great though thank you :]
Relieving Hatcher of his duties must have been tough for Scioscia - they were teammates on the '88 Dodgers . Maybe he joins Gibson in AZ?
RT : Just saw the commercial working at the BMV makes me relize how many ppls lives are really saved by saying...
Ouch! I don't envy you! Looking trim was one of the few benefits of the job. :P Start a new job tomorrow. ;-)
Very cool, thanks for the invite
anticipation.... It's making me wait... Making me wait lol
.: True who ever plays Whitney in her biopic doesnt have to look like her, but it would help if there's a resemblance. We say Rihanna.
LSHMSFOAIDMT = Laughing so hard my sombrero falls off and I drop my taco.
Actions speak louder than words.. that explains y its so quiet
Off to Punta Cana nice and early with beautiful !
Excited for Verve Session networking event... Talking #2012goals tonite!
Roll down the window turn it on up pour a little crown in the Dixie cup get the party started
Good morning Baltimore! Both locations R open & ready 2 wrap! We have lots of non-sugary treats that make great Easter & Passover gifts
Yeah right. Tell that to Johnson in the Pitt game I think, hit him in the boot, no kick and Toronto waived it off!
stupid little arguments <<<<<<<
oh cool lmao!
Now I know why they call the anesthesia "twilight"-- because of all the human blood I was about to ingest.
HAHAHAH our life...
me too. It was terrible. A lot of racism on individual crews. I was in N East non con.
Told my self that I was only gonna stay up tell 1 at the most..........yeah it's now 5am
thanks Sharon! U 2! :) & I hope u had a great meet up last wk! :)
Who received or gave books as Christmas gifts this year? What books?
:-) I'll eMail it to you in a few.
Stop what you doing and check out the TEAM
Twitter is suggesting I follow Michelle Bachmann and Mark Cuban. What a pair. Too funny.
Some good presentations so far. Can't wait for our turn
I just scored my "Stud Stache" on as I cruise through Oklahoma
Rise & Grind is back...Let's go!!
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
thanks so much! BTW, I think we're located across the street if you ever want to connect in person
2-way text messaging is now live...text "Shift" to the number and we will respond with your next shift :).
Woke up and found out my #Celtics won
Talking old zaxbys days and how i dated of the female managers in 07..i was on it then lol
#IKnowThisOneGirl She's beautiful, sweet, funny, amazing, unique, and she's reading this right now :)”
What would Bear Grylls do?
send you what?
happy & single is better than taken & unhappy!
bring foam ear plugs... LRAD sucks.
I deserve the best, fuck the rest.
Shows tonight! Craft spells and The Drums at Neumos , or Hounds of the Wild Hunt at Barboza!
Sad missed the wizards first win at #livestrong park but I did get to see louis ck do stand up at the comic strip in nyc tonight!
Congrats Howard Jacob of for winning the Scripps Genomic Medicine Award for work pioneering clinical WGS!
What are you doing tonight, NYC? Drop in to our Tech class. Bring a date. May be spark up a romance... We are "Ooh La La"ing for 2...
you got it buddy, shoot me a DM and well work it out...
thanks a million angel! Hehehehe!! :) yayayayy
Peggy Lowry, 81: former math teacher loved the Lord - Atlanta Journal Constitution
so how've you been? We haven't talked in like forever!!!
yes I will be there Saturday morning rain or shine. Start time is 8am sharp to 11am with 6 to 10 yr olds
Awesome. Thanks for the reminder
thanks honey, but i think that might overwhelm me; i'm looking for gut reactions.
Not pleased with the draft srcset for responsive images. Ugly, ugly markup.
lol hi buddy, my last tweet equals me on my level.
Booking my ticket to go watch the Phillies kill the Yankees in the world series!!! :)
Thank you Algeria!
Going up up up the French Alps in a cable car. Chamonix is lovely :)
But in all seriousness ... it would b nice to have an education debates w/peeps like MRhee vs ABach supporters.
I love Al Pacino. Watching "Simone"
sure! <333 ill add you right now (:
TONIGHT ! Animals Eat Animals opening from 6-11pm JOIN US! Get into it!
Oh, no, it's not mine!! ;) & I are dog sitting this wknd. It's part chihuahua, part poodle.
can't wait to see you tomorrow!!!!!
Just going to college with scotty mccreery and kid rocks son next year
Good news from our bank, they're doing same day merchant account approval for 70% of our customers!
which miguel song...looking at maybe adding it this week...but dont know...
As of press time, there were somewhere in the region of 14 billion commemorative gestures aimed at the 100th anniversary of the Titanic’s
Cannot wait for this US Women's game oh and also Alex Morgan and Tobin Heath <33333
thanks for the follow. we r truly honored.
thanks evonne! we've got some great photobooth shots of you...stay tuned
LOL! Damn Foreign Cars! RT I swear every older model Toyota Camry I see has a hubcap or two missing
you didn't miss much - i was not a fan. Red with small red polka dots.
Panel with at , LAT Festival of Books. 10:30, Saturday.
How I abhor this place, its sweet and bitter taste has left me wretched, retching on all fours
I'll see your bird and raise you one either about to give birth or recently did stray cat hanging around my porch.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! Killed me w/that one! <3
your gonna get a tiny little niece to love on, hope you all bought some premie sized stuff send me a pic ;) I love babies
Please follow me!!! iv been watching the same ustream!!! been trying for ever!!! <3 notice me?
Thanks for follow - I'll be traveling to Amsterdam next month. Looking forward to it!
A shame that RU-NB students and faculty seem content to be "The State Univ of some of New Jersey" How about more DT coverage?
#HomeFromTexasFrightmare Thanks You guys rock.
There's a social media bfst this morning with speaker from : Great speaker for NCMPR maybe? follow
If I could be 1 out of 21 million.
RT RT : Call of Duty: Black Ops 2 comes to the PC, Xbox 360, and PS3 on Nov. 13, 2012, according to the game's sit
Step up and declare new support for efforts to stop Kony's crimes this year
Letting go of all of my worries & doubts and jumping in head first.
Logged me out, I logged in again, still says inactive.
Tomorrow's gonna be the most boring day...
was hoping you wouldn't ask. Has taken 3 years. Many nights of brushing my leg or peeing on the floor, but now I think I got it!
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana cold banana blows
I miss my ladies! #DMB & #ALE <3
Waking up is all I ask for but morning TL
oh boy I got a bunch coming up just wait
I know, isn't it great? It's as if I have interesting rubbish to talk about on here... I guess I've become a good Twittererer!
i wanna be browiski of the month or week. im in love with u. ur funny,smart, & talented (: could u retweet me or mention me plzz
SEND ME NUMBERS :D ill rate icon , username , &' bio (:
Hanging with #Prince PoppyCock, Tamyra Gray and more at the official LA Pride kickoff party!
#NothingFeelsBetterThan hearing your #beats playing behind a new #hit on the radio.
thank u!
while I understand the analogy, i have to say that in my limited experience, floaties sped the swimming learning process!
I feel the need to ask a Truther if I am actually typing this.
I KNOW!!! Ahh look at our boys! Haha
Getting excited for next week's TMRE in Orlando.
Elliptical has to be the most boring, miserable, uninspiring workout! And my toes hurt!!
Found out yesterday that estrogen causes cancer but one can never have enough testosterone. Explains a lot. Making the trip?
Sudden Death! will be screening all this month in Tokyo. To all of our friends to the west, please go & have a great time!!
About to film at St. Casimir, they've been holding vigils after the parish was closed. Now they will be reopened by April 1st!
Some of the most successful cause marketing programs are Active Point of Sale. via
At night I lock the doors so no one else can see ;)
how about toll topics?
bahaa softball bodies
whats the word? any good parties?
The MAIN reason, I did redid them was cos work said I can have them, and im always going to have these scars of them might as well look cute
love New Reflections! Best massage ever. Enjoy!
DSJKDSJDASKJ <3 GOAL - Lets Try To Get To Follow Us Before Christmas (:
sucks boss.
“Sometimes I pretend to be normal; but then it gets b-o-r-i-n-g, so I go back to being me.”
thanks so much! I'm waiting for my flight to Dublin now !
oh cool! Studying what? What company? What does the company do? I sing all kinds of things. Pop, rock, country stuff like that.
Tweet tweet
utilize it! I'll be thinking bout you.
My background is musical comedy theatre and that's really where my training is
Your bestfriend can be the person who lies to you the most, better yet your bestfriend could be your worst enemy.
It's a D answer! Denver is part of the name.
Former #badgers long snapper Kyle Wotja signs a free agent deal with the #bears who need a LS following an ACL injury
I'm sorry, but it would be impossible for us to hear you over the UT songs being blasted in this bar!
Ok you're a goon what's a goon to a goblin???
“: The Mariners will take the field tonight to a Beastie Boys song in remembrance of MCA. #RIPMCA”. This is really cool
Husky right? lol. I always loved those dog breeds
"UnCONVENTional Thinking"
We can do drop shipping for you...and thanks for helping us with SustainAbility - we're super thrilled about being included!
Response of "purple" when asked what kind of Iris I have in my garden is probably not winning me points in the garden club. So.Much.2.Learn.
We've been receiving some wonderful and inspiring stories :) please keep sending them in! I'll email you all back soon :)
Taco Buenos fish tacos are better than fuzzys
My dad was right..I thought he was being arcastic when he said"there's going to be big storms tonight" O_O
Sie wissen nicht, was? I was questioning the effectiveness of a clever tagline in English on a Portuguese website.
#edshow Does it bother DEMS that OBAMA's fundraising with M&Ms ? Misogynists, Marxists & Morons ?
haha. Maybe next time I'll break out with the Mr T look lol
I licked a tire for truth or dare. Thanks Colton... I can never pass up a dare.
At beauty salon. Brazilian night at Rasputin tonight. Ready to compete with brazilian beauties: ).
Thanks for the #HAPPYMONDAY mention, how have you been?
it's got great depth ... of field!
This is awkward...
NC & GA passed some archaic laws, PA is tring to destroy pub schools, and Mich is overseeing and not allowing locals to govern
And yes I know: "Yo dawg I heard you like startup ideas..."
My motivation to go to school has gone from a 0 to a -100
I agree! There are many variables to making ACO's successful, and EHRs are just one of those variables
i wish i couldcatch them out of S.D ~ have a great trip!
Oh how nice, The Dangerous Summer talks shit about ATL even though ATL are the people who helped them get signed!
I really wish I could see the last girl I went on a date with...we really had chemistry.
All of the last 6 tweets I just tweeted were a joke a blond joke u have to read them all to get the joke, don't forget to RT it if u like it
"I saw it in your eyes that night at the movies"
Nice! Which store? RT : Good coffee karma: the guy in front of me, buying the last of the in the store,...
yes, I feel better now that I've had my 3rd juice (greens with Apple- my fav!). Thanks! :)
Your just a rude person
the found an ocean on saturn!!! why am I the only one excited...
Tweet tweet butterfly 11!
It's shitty but academia needs to be exposed for what it is not. You don't deserve to be shunned. Chin up. Chin up.
"Dr. Atlanta" is a first rounder for sure!
I wanted to be ur first follower!!
Channeling disappointment and frustration into creative solutions...how do we teach that?
Thank you so much for adding us to your America list! /America
This week I'm reading Wonder by R. J. Palacio for #fridayreads and it is so good.
Nick Stahl reported missing. There's dark clouds swirling above this news, if you ask me.
"Education is the most powerful tool you can use to change the world."
Be safe tonight everyone! You have to be alive to make it on Thursday!
RT : Congrats #emac undergrads on a great set of capstone presentations. Now go graduate!
Heading to school! Whoo its Thursday I get to help with a carnival after school!:)
“: Other day I went an hour saying Ubaldo was starting for tribe and it was Lowe. I felt like such a jackass...” well you are
ah i finally reached 1,000 followers!!! :) im so excited! thanks you guys! :)
We're all in agreement, right? PowerPoint is the devil's work.
“: Note to self: must attend #phillyete 2013” but soon you can watch all videos. Stay tuned in the coming weeks
you follow me and your info says Looking for a fuck buddy, condoms are my only rule. I probably won't follow back.
I Danced With My Technology Teacher (x
THEY DON'T GIVE ME ENOUGH
Happy Star Wars Day! May the 4th be with you!
thanks for the mention!
Awesome! has raised >$600, >$480, $670, >$770! spread the word and make a difference!
oh okay :)
Bitch don't be a snitch if rap don't work out then I'm tryna sell bricks ima take a swing hope I don't miss
so, your legs were extra hairy?
Anyone interested in a adorable, free little yappy dog? I am almost sure my neighbor won't miss it & I know I won't
thank you!<3
That is awesome! Great show!
so who won the cruise
This girl on the bus behind me bumpin Soul Survivor 2. That's wassup!!
Heres a thought, why doesn't Carine Flack run off with Olly Murs and leave Directioners, and Larry alone?
RIP Jr. Seau.
and sometimes old media is skipped. I saw the lines for Hunger Games on my facebook feed, didn't need news!
It's icy in the NYC Metro area, please be extra careful today!
X FACTOR DEDICATES TODAYS SHOW TO MJ ON FOX NOW
Shoulder is sore as heck man
": Anybody ever had this conversation before, "OK if we get caught, here's the story...""
Lol I dunno. Thought if try something new <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
that happened to me when I first started playing on line. now I just have carpal tunnel syndrome in the left hand!
Google maps has changed their fonts and I'm feeling anxious about it.
now that I'm happy without you by my side you came back to me. Lol nigga u can go and jump off a bridge. i dont give 2 fucks about ya.
won't get an argument from me on that one :)
I'm out in phoenix for a week, so lots of pool side time.
Watching fight clips on youtube
Not sure. Maybe first week of school if I go back to B-school to speak again.
yeah finding a design u like that works for what your doing is always hard.
Cause I'm not here to fight about who's wrong or right. I just want your kiss. I wanna feel just like this <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
#ThoughtsWhileRunning a lot
You don't need a degree to succed!
haha, fair enough. If you put it somewhere readable, link plz?
If the girl sitting next to me can sing as well as she hums she is in good shape
going to today for my mom's graduation.... NO SCHOOL!
- He's in a strange mood today. is behind the bar tonight so you all better be there.
it was weird hearing u talk all Denver sports last night lol. Hope they have u back on again
Happy Birthday
Things i can't live without? My Somaphony shirts of course!
Thanks so much for the follows, & the follow baks yhu guys #MuchLove :D
I'm impressed you built them a computer!
#TwitFactoid People with cute pix or hot, racey ones always have thousands of followers even if they r a bore!
iron & wine, mumford & sons and panic! at the disco just know how to make my life fantastic.
Who describes a beer as "sunflower-seedy"? #adoucebag,that'swho
Thanks for the RT on teh Digital PBL resources and I hope that help out others in your PLN!
i dont know what to do to show him how much i care, i tried sticky notes and so a-hole took them off his car! i will slap whoever it was!!
Just finished my latest stint as an archives volunteer. Feels good, man! Wrote 2 finding aids, practiced my EAD & processed ~13 linear ft.
thx for sharing! RT : It’s a Wonderful World when I get to Hear this song! Follow and RT – “Whisper”...
Wednesdays aren't only the halfway mark to the weekend, they're CLINIC PICNICS!
And who knew the Islanders are named after the Mets (after a fashion)?
Hey what's up are you at the game bro?
DAN DAN DAN! Dan all over your body! You just got raped...
Great. Jones is under construction and now I'm going to be insanely late. Las Vegas roads KILL ME.
Think we can get to pull that ad?
Y'all. WHY?! RT : Rick Perry called Kim Jong Il "Kim Jong the Second"? *HOLLERS*
So I like you, and you like me. Tell me why aren't we dating again?
Got to start saving up for that apartment even though i have a whole year to wait.
#mlanet12 Whoo hoo got all of my stuff in Google Calendar! Doh! poster #'s did not come over in import. Sigh...that is for tomorrow
I have a follower! Thanks !!
I often turn to Spotify for soundtracks. The King's Speech is lovely in the background, as is The Fountain, others!
RT : Wanted to remind everyone that I will be performing at the annual 'Broadway Blessings' at St. John the Divine... http:/ ...
I beat the dick up , call me head hurter
Let me see... You sell twitter followers, but you only have 21 of your own?
Can we do video streaming of the conference workshops...and video recording for download instead of just recordings for sale?
Super Shuttle?! (feb 20) Dude...that's what having friends are for. Call us, gorramit!
Kinda bummed that Devon isn't going to be a Steeler. But really happy for him.
Thanks for the retweet on having an "all or nothing mentality."
Got the outlining done for the first part of my half sleeve today =D
good luck! Once you master driving manual, you can pretty much drive anything!
My night is to text
event: Can universities save cities? USC President Nikkias suggests rephrasing question: how do they lift up cities?
Go to the Queen Victoria (inside the Riv) and mention twitter between 5-8pm and you will receive $4 off any entree.
Of course there's no cuts and no bruises because he wasn't attacked. He was the attacker.
NO SWEETY NEVER THAT LOL ITS RAP FETISH ITS MY MUSIC GROUP I PRODUCE AND MANAGE
Once again, we can dispense with #NotreDame in early September. People, it's over.
I went sky diving, rocky mountain climbing.
"Psychotic Reaction" is on air from 4-5!
The Doc Chey's Breakfast with Santa is sold-out, but there are still 10 tickets left for the event
this is how I get thru... like the blogger I love the distraction audiobooks provide
Funny thing is, we was never that cool.. lol tf..
Give me your email & password
wow what?
c'est un p'tit bijou ca! J'aime bien :-)
When choosing between an escalator or stairs - take the stairs! Leaders don't take short cuts. Keep smiling.
I seriously want to know what's for lunch? lol
very few!!
64 degrees in KC today. Who wants to play some baseball?
Tomorrow night at 6pm come see at Celebration OP! will be also be performing LIVE!
TGIF!!! Hooray, I love Fridays!!
G'morning my buddy!
Homework time <U+E409> does anyone have this whole week off from school?
She has three baby boys
Fairfax High School
you really dont....
Might make it powerful, yet bittersweet. Maybe a rapper with lyrics a little less...murdersome.
"Ignorance is bliss." I hate how true that is.
Smiling every moment is a gift!
If u use the term lego go killurself please
Food poisoning from was not on my #DCbucketlist but "check" anyways!
My healthcare insurance will also come to an end in July.
Tonight at Hollywood theater PDX a wrestling documentary followed by Q&A with
I was drinking vitamin water before I read that's it bad...any drinks you can recommend?
Checked out EMPEROR OF THE NORTH today. Solid b-movie...Lee Marvin needed an eyebrow trim. Climatic fight with Marivn and Borgnine was sad
The end ?
thanks Shawn. Really appreciate that!!
<==== My, my, someone's witty today
I don't plan on killing myself, but if I did, I would definitely do it with "Video Games" on repeat
Depends on the mess! The polite thing would actually be for them to offer to clean!
Seeing a nice, sweet, amazing person end up with a disrespectful, mean, pathetic slag literally makes me break down into tears
well she has an agent and is an actress and whatnot, I'm not sure how big the movie will become. she got the part and suggested
Nevermind...wrong queen
We tend to have more glitches or issues with the uploading process.
I really miss one call
Metra, don't announce trains running 10-15 mins late and then have there be no train in sight after 25 mins. Can't you suck a little less?
Not random at all Kari was there for the glory days and I want the brothers to fight it out
AH AUSTIN!!!
Thank you Nic!! :)
Eek! I am so freakin blissed out right now after an amazing weekend.
Hehe, new episode of Spongebob(: maybe Austin's watching it
Sephora #unionsquare will be holding a #bridalevent THIS Saturday and Sunday with TONS of different brands showcased
now it's all up to the not to win every preseason game and destroy all hopes for the season. C'mon Lions, save it 4 Dec.!
: You're very welcome, Sascha!
Special congrats to our team. We've been named a finalist in 3 separate categories for 's 2011 Silver Anvil Awards. Cheers!
This is ridiculous
unpacking just to pack again.
What?! Valentine's day is trending? Man, Valentine's Day is OVER!!!
Life is too short to nurse one’s misery. Hurry across the lowlands, that you may spend more time on the mountaintops. - Phillips Brooks
o im ready all 175lbs pounds of me bout to go ham
135 fa now but I'm bout to get the he'll out of maintenance
Thank you for the #MACmoms ultimate makeover
boy talk that talk to me
: Do you know the results regarding Washington HS teachers having to re-apply for their contracted positions?
A man who has no principle, gains no interest.
Saturday tix for the scored! Stoked to check out five amazing films!
You are very welcome! Looking forward to reading your tweets. Have an amazing week!
Ladies if you bend over and wiggle and your front jiggles more then the back, you shouldn't be doing that ........
Children of Bodom - Downfall
tune into right now (91.7 FM/WMSE.org) to hear a live in-studio performance from Delhi 2 Dublin. The play Turner Hall tonight!
My day started off bad.... /:
Is Nat Lib Medicine a government organization? If so, they wouldn't do a bake sale b/c of liability, right?
What's for lunch?
At grandmas
Planning on doing an Appalachian trail run today assuming it warms up! It's frosty up on the mountain at the moment.
Have him send an email to - that's your man for Amateur Spotlight pieces
Studio Bound Lets get it in ....#BAMSQUAD....#OsOFRESHGANG.....We stay fitted
like I'm pretty much <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>on like 5 hours and I could give two <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> about the Kashmir border conflict
So Knology can't provide support for the Internet products but their billing department can still bill me for something that doesn't work?
A kiss can be a comma, a question mark or an exclamation point. That's basic spelling that every woman ought to know. Mistinguett
Good workout
Forgot how hilarious eight crazy nights was
Thanks for coming!
Truth is, everybody is going to hurt you; you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for." -Bob Marley
lmao you know it
my brother is the only person that likes any of his status'
JUS TOLD that ill have to miss out a few weeks but once we get on that court together it will be over for others
Great #uwebc event coming up on 11/3 - Web Optimization - how to drive the customer experience with the right data.
Amazing gig last night back home in Chicago! So great to have friends and fam come out to support. Feeling the love
January 2nd, everybody! One more day in the paradise!))
cause I'm at work now and my boss is cool as hell!
watch Law Abiding Citizen or you're dead to me
following back and what is it
I think Chelsea's victory was good for the overall EPL competition this season; looking forward to the busy holiday time!
that was cute!!!
In need of my glasses... -__-
If you are having difficulties with your web host, maybe I can be of assistance?
Friendship: The emotions or conduct of friends; the state of being friends.
S/O to the beautiful <<<<< FUCKING GORGEOUS
Puppy, why do you have to be so cute in the morning before I leave for school? ):
It's a fickle beast. 1st time I quit, I went CT w/ no withdrawl symptoms at all. 2nd time was wretched (though not 6 days).
u stay busy!!! But I'm not mad!
Just downloaded Wide Awake! killer track.
Bebe's kids are outside in the hills for real....
Thanks, Alaina. I'll try to get these on for 6 or 10 pm.
I want to think happy thoughts and focus on the great memories, too. But one of the greatest "gifts" I can give this year is compassion.
In honor of #StPatricksDay Pastoral is offering two unique cheeses from Ireland. Come give them a try!
It really hurt my feeling, though. It's cool. I know it was funny :)
Twitter has given me new appreciation for
what's wrong!?
Shitty night in #NY sports...
That explains his earlier Tweet before the game - Rattled right now
hey, you know I'm a packer fan. That's offensive
Now that people mostly text or communicate through social media in a relationship. Is it ok to break up by text after two months?
First I do like this I put a look on my face like I smelt some piss....
Life handed me a pile of doodie, good thing life equppied me w/2 hands & a pooper scooper....fling!!!!
Getting Shop close to opening ..... By my Birthday Weekend for sure. So Thursday Friday by the latest I WILL BE OPEN!!!
thanks 4 following me Facebook like Apriss the model & friend me April lakergirl Bynum #FF also me Qa
Are N-Type and Youngsta really playing support DJ's for Paris Hilton when she's in London? Cuz that's what the Internets is sayin'. Truth?
Zack and hanging out
the ambiguity was intended.
nvm I can hear him watching disney channel
Gym Class heroes
Just blew that loud pack RIP Otis I love you fam continue to watch over me !
finally getting around to that new #feist album. bout time.
More artists added. Check it out - www.revosandiego.com/friends
whoever said tanguay. Looks like Sally Jesse Rafael is 100% right
i wish i was dat nigga u felt like dat about
Migraine Headaches Medical Marijuana Doctor __ marijuana-license.com
Hickies are disgust.
Hey Brian, all well in SXSW? Come by the Mashery party this pm? Or the Circus Mashimus at 445?
Ugh poor me klaut and all :(
Hope is not the conviction that something will turn out well but the certainty that something makes sense regardless of how it turns out
#COLDWORLD... IS THE TATT I GOT ON MY CHEST. IM FROM CLEVELAND WAT ELSE U THOUGHT IT WAS FOR. AND NO NOT THE WEATHER.
lol you the slowest txter EVER
Big sunglasses are an ugly girl's best friend
Thank God my cocker's hair grows back, all 3 got summer cuts, they look almost bald, but still cute. I had to cry :(
Very impressed by Wiley Plus
Super shocked. Gross.
Yes! We made it! 1000 followers strong! Thanks to all of you for making amazing!
Confusing me with questions like #HYFR : like. Do you love this shit? Are you high right now? Doyou ever get nervous
Chilly post-glacial air! Burr.
Newt has overstayed his welcome!!! Romney has bought the GOP nomination!!!
haha I'm sure you know a lot of Matts. What's new?
Crap I was supposed to ping you to swing by today and got slammed. Around tmw?
Lots of sports to dissect this week. The Tribe nears the Home Opener. The Buckeyes fall to Kansas. NBA and NFL mock drafts.
Networking, nationally-recognized speaker & ballgame: 5/11 5pm-? Clipper Stadium, Pinball Suite. Incl cash bar. Register:...
I love your dedication, just not your team. Go #Blackhawks!
yo closest friend can be yo enemies...
things are planned out really well
just an update: STILL don't know how i feel about lana del rey.
Bloody Brunch is in need of re-useable, eco-friendly shopping bags to use for our swag bags. If your biz has a few to donate please DM!
Hi WVUMTeam! We sent you a copy of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We'd love your feedback! www.twintapes.com Thanks!
Not really excited about this awards day tomorrow I'm not getting shit lol
Band of your future: www.leatherfeather.net
If #TheBlueManGroup ever talked, they'd probably be
I've been doing well reading guides and adding good people from matches, just probably need to learn new roles vs AI.
.: There's no evidence she did anything but she's a slut so she must die.
Thanks so much! We enjoyed having you participate on the panel. Great presentation as well!
Thanks Uniquity, very cool to say!
Well begun is half done. ~ Aristotle
We have opportunities ACROSS THE UNIVERSE. So can you!
I haven't been on here that much either. Trying to get back into it- just don't have the time lately! How are you?
This is getting old..
Good job!
Parenting: High school cheer coach dismissed after rant directed at squad. Justifiably dismissed or are we too sensitive?...
Trying to figure the bill at Ocean Prime during reataurant week.
u aint kno? RT : What? RT : Lebron still the greatest Kentucky Wildcat ever. Even though he didn't make it to the Final Four
ME AND U BABY STUCK LIKE GLUE LOV YAH PEYTON!:)
there are some days when being a grown up scares the daylights outta me.
haha :) have you confronted someone?
Why haven't the bears drafted an O-lineman yet?!?!
Huge thanks to early followers like !
Pump up the beats. Got to make studying bearable.
sometimes i wish i never met you. but then again i know i would miss you. love sucks.</3
Today feels like a drag ...
the bigger question is what would YOU do without ME? ;)
Hugo's winning tonight. So far.
Man Card revoked.
I wish they would resign him! Let him retire where he started! He's still my all time fave.
Agreed. >> ": lizzie mcguire totally taught you how to be a good friend"
So pumped to go get brunch with and ! Banana french toast is screaming my name.
is Denard Robinson going to NY for Heisman? Why isn't he getting more press for the recordbreaking year he is having!!
Ain't no woman alive that could take my mommas place.
best Tweet of the day
Yeah it does.that's how it was with my parent's only roles reversed. Tough, just gotta give them time.
#FollowSkyBlu throwing u some love :)
looking forward to Jones vs Evans!
Woot! RT : woo happy birthday to !! mine is next week :)
happy mothers day, mothers! xo to all my friends
The only parts of Glee I watch/pay attention to are when Blaine is performing...so attractive
Count Benjamin Thompson Rumford~ Nothing surely is so disgraceful to society and to individuals as unmeaning wastefulness.
CFT: Ark., LSU to play day after Thanksgiving again
Daily S/O going to my team/ppl I fuck with
where can I find a schedule of the races you are going to be at, all classes
I love looking into the mirror after a good haircut and thinking "I look ten years younger than I did yesterday."
For someone with such exciting clients, I lead a pretty boring life.
The biggest thing Southerners & high plains folk have in common is their love of storytelling. <3
it was because of his age
IP Cores support motion processing in mobile devices.
Watching The Larry Sanders Show on Netflix and then later watching Garry Shandling host SNL on Netflix is a time machine like no other
Hair is being a total knob
: So effing addicted to the Scramble. Dang.
Denver survives.
Well some do.
j-j-j-j-juice
^Can you keep up with your kids?
Who says nothing is free in life? We offer free screen set ups! No screen fees! Order custom shirts @ inkscreens.com
Tim Thomas is standing on his head
doing some bari sax tracks and enjoying my poor man's in-ear monitors
Funny which of those I think of first. Good ol' Troy.
Well, you know, I was a human being before I became a businessman. – George Soros
Soon hopefully. I <U+2665> Miami! What part u from?
I wish there were more hours in the day!!!
The right place to stage your art...
Gonna be with the bestie, my baby Jazz tomorrow, celebrating her aunts baby showerr<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> Goodnight Everyone <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099>
I hope all is well in NYC, stay safe!
Called at 8am.Hung up on by 9am. Waiting for still. Time Warner call to buy their package was a breeze
uh. no, my concert is September 17th.
just pm me its cool
What that's so beautiful, how did I not go?! ps. your such a blog connoisseur now
haha your so small.
Don't miss Abduction at the Varsity Theater this weekend!
you are absolutely correct!
Way to represent CSU! Women's golf recap: Rams finish 4th in BYU at Entrada Classic
just saying eww ...like I wouldnt hit that pussy ...free or not
new year vibes
Man drinkings fun. Haven't gotten faded with and Bustos in a while what gives?
Stop! :O
Just got the cutest valentine's postcard from !
I love disneyland on Sunday morning. Short lines. Long fun :)
At the Council of Carnuntum in November 308, Diocletian forced Maximian to once again renounce his imperial claim
Today, i witnessed kindergarteners "smoking" fake cigarettes. Thats terrible. They dont need to be exposed to that kind of stuff.
MIL faithful execute Beast Mode behavior behind dugout after W chez Bailout. Semisonic plays on PA.
Hahaha fucker! RT : Now I realize its awesome~ living close to :}
Why what happened
can't we just print more money or something?
*more hugs* to the family. Hope everyone feels better soon.
saw the new nike dallas cowboys jerseys at work tonight... they're pretty sick
Back in the saddle... guess if Tom Hanks can tweet, maybe i can too!
#whosgonnalose - New Mexico Bowl - Fresno State v Wyoming - Wyoming will lose
#Victorious and #iNickelodeonShow Somebody wants to trend this? Let`s help then !!! #Victorious and
Leslie's campaign sign is the fucking best.
Now is the time! You deserve a vacation! Specials are right there waiting for you!
Sitting at the Gordon Biersch in Rockville,Md. The Octoberfest beer is great. Try the 1liter mug. Wow!
when? At school?
Greg Jennings is a monster I'm watching him on royal pains getting dog by a girl doctor about a game in 09 vs the Vikings on catch Greg
I am not here for you
RT : 3 Yr Anniversary Party tomorrow! Don't forget to RSVP for the COMPLIMENTARY wine tasting 6-8PM.
I would love to!
Websites that can't 'talk' to or seem so archaic now
chanterelles on toast w/ duck egg, beausoleil oysters, benedict with bentons ham, pickled cherries, and hickory nuts, brunch, rootstock, now
#ShowerFlow fa a min!!
Ah, Mother's Day. RT Only 7 more days to buy a supermarket bouquet for the only woman who loves you unconditionally!
didn't ask.. Haha jk but seriously, it wasn't that good.
indeed; gods help my love handles. btw, when are you due? I swear your baby will be doing crossfit straight from the womb. :)
The in Two Union Sq (Seattle) redefines stellar customer service - daily. They know names, move quickly & have fun. Love it!
Friday night aka my Tuesday, effffffff!
Since then, neither God nor Man has rested
Happy birthday to anyone who has a birthday today.
good night
Alright, well holler at me when you get online
He who laughs at himself never runs out of things to laugh at. - Play Alganon
Love that is here, of course!! Tap that, Neighbor!
diddys first on screen appearance was monsters ball.
attn marketing/ comm students: is a great follow for ideas on internships, etc!!
seriously? The MLS champions get to go to the White House, to me, that makes the Packers visit less significant
one day I'll spoil you haha with food, cats and sequins =)
You're welcome! :)
One hour 'til the Hunger Games begin!!!
its there a 'i don't like' button? haha
“: Not only did a team fall in love with you Robert but a city has as well. #redskins #RGIIIinDC”” Entire #Redskinsnation !
Vacation is over, back to reality and work in the morning!
Oh now that you have the two of them it's like I don't exist, fine just remember two can play at that game
Did I mention there were Cocktail Monkey Rings at my booth at Urban Craft Uprising?
*txt* not in the slightest. Only worse -_-
in order of funniness RT “: Funny people to follow: , , , , ”
creative motivation: when your mind is full of indecision, try thinking w/ your heart
It's a young couple's return to Cleveland told through the lens of the 2007 Cleveland pro sports year.
Congrats! You are officially the best looking member of our #manly revolution!
come down to and chill with my homegirls at our table! :)
Somebody hacked into my Twitter account. Please ignore any recent messages that you've received from me.
YALL STILL GOING TO LOSE BOTH GAMES IN THE PACERS HOME I BET MONEY ON THAT JUST WATCH...THEN COME TALK TO ME
You're vey welcome!
Who practices their guitar and singing skills at 4am?! Apparently my neighbor!
HE HAS A TUMBLR?! :O
If you ever need social media or pr help let us know!
yoga tree? do you know where else Howard from Aha teaches?
Anyone interested in being in one of my upcoming iOS games ?
waking up to screaming hbu
The avengers was dope but is long as fuck!
Thanks for following. Happy to connect here and follow back!
Chilling. What yo inside the vanilla wafer looking ass been on?
if he does he will be just another player somewhere, if he stays he's a legend,the choice is his. No one bigger than the team
Thanks for the RT -- and for your strong support of our work here in the District!
"trying to find a peer-reviewed article on hydraulic fracturing and how it's bad for groundwater supplies" more reference action
baddest movie ever!!!
Nikas gay keep DM'ing asking for my number.
I just got challenged by a brother in Christ. I'm up for it. Iron sharpens iron.
RT : Bank of America received a $1.9 billion tax refund from the IRS last year, even though it made $4.4 billion in profits.
all that tornado damage? three miles from my house. lol. i heard the sirens, looked outside, saw nothing, proceeded to watch TV. :)
Early morning on the mission trip...still looking good
Hahaha. Was like crack for my ADD. That part of my personality loved twitter. New stuff every 5 seconds.
Stuck in an airplane that's delayed... Missing my touring crew
thanks, same to mb! :)
Nice skateboard
Holding penalties at the worst point in games! | #Willie Colon
In that Clippers win, Mo Williams randomly had 7 threes....can't see that happening again lol.
We are in need of a senior marketer for our company. Time to take off, and encounter new venture$ in the world!
I had problems with it all day for pretty much everything- email, agent mountain, etc
Ain't that the truth! RT : Everyday is a horrifying adventure for skittish dogs.
Target is where I got my friend's baby stuff.
“: Hahah. I cannot stand Debra Messing!! RT : #smash on #NBC makes me want to smash myself in my face!! Ugh...” -agreed!
Next Monday, we'll be joined by the Chris Hanson Band (feat Glenn Asch and Rae Cassidy) at 7:30 for a night of music that can't be beat!
The stars at my house right now are unreal gorgeous.
Miami declares Durand Scott ineligible - USA Today Found on Bing
My friend's Mom takes her cat for a walk - she loves it! Make a trip to Petsmart and try it for fun!
#score! 2-0 #Marchand #Marshmont #game7 definitely looking like the more #aggressive team tonight
Three o'clock, hottest time of day, best time of day.
Join my email list and get my new music, and learn where I perform at next. Hit the inbox or at
#Xavier's own Derrick Brown with that travel call. Haha.
Bryan Putnam book music and lyrics...come to BBQ!!!!
yes, you're totally right. Tipping everyone under sun AFTER already paying bundle
i so agree with that
I miss them days lol
I'm so excited about seeing #Avengers again :D
Steffi is voting in the Wisconsin recall election today! Be sure to also wish her a
In honor of the day, I am having my BLT sandwich spread with cinco de mayo-naise
I am proud of my 3 pack a day cigarette smoking ass. I have worked out 6 days a week with 1 day rest. 3rd week
Fixin to get some hot chicken here in a minute. Been mixing these tracks for a few hours now. Somebody might die soon.
Hope #ZendCon has free red bull.
looks like you made the right decision :)
I'm a smelly fat man that has no friends :/
Our authentic Jamaican jerk special wraps are coming next week. Any preference for jerk chicken or jerk pork?
check to see if Greedo is driving that cab. If so you know what to do.
that's great. Good luck in your career :)))
That Sandwich Touched The Spot
Looking forward to speaking on business elevator speeches tomorrow evening!
My Papa John's email ended up in the spam folder. I almost missed out on free pizza!
We appreciate it, too (cc )
I don't wanna say it on twitter, but I'll tell u Monday cuz it wuld make u seem like a stalkerr:)))
Having an educational background in market research, statistical processes and consumer behavior---ideationEDGE.
5k Race this morning McAlpine Creek Park Charlotte NC benefitting
Bill Maher was off the hook this week! Best episode in years. Cornell West was a riot! I'd love to see him hanging in the WhiteHouse more.
When it comes to producers, my favorites are J Dilla, Just Blaze, Alchemist, and Clams Casino
she thinks you are... Idk
you're blocked.
I would like Qdoba for breakfast, but I know what it will do to my stomach once mixed with coffee <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
I live in florida, that's not a zone anyone wants to near on anybody else!
for what?
Beards are the new Clark Gable mustache. Fact.
I think I might actually see The Cabin In The Woods
Never deal with what your heart cant take rt! Lesson Learned
Back at #SXAccel, eating almonds
They call me "Gilly Beat Tha Willy Make Tha Girls Go Silly" cause I got Stroke! Haha
I know you don't smoke weed, I know this; but I'm gonna get you high today, cause it's Friday, and you ain't got shit to do.
Make sure you have the proper ram before you install Lion
When you wake up with an awful headache <
Best thing to hear from client about taking over website updates: "It was built in Drupal by someone fired for incompetence."
is anyone streamin the guys part of the adam and eve thing?
it's the truth
Was down in Orlando last week at the Tapings. Impact Wrestling is looking good for the future. Hope your well
SNOW HARD TOMORROW, GEORGIA! SNOW! CANCEL CLASSES FOR ME!
Everyone have a happy and safe Halloween!!
Smh, all good though. Just one game. We'll be aight.
i want out of douglas really bad
Thanks for the RT :)
I love when you can reconcile old friendships and make them better :)
Lolol bro! D:
HAHA! Thanks, buddy! :)
What's the deal with all the spammers?
Thank you for the #FF & Word.
Lansing, MI!
Spending a Saturday morning having breakfast with my sister and boyfriend. Hooray!
They should be banned. ": HOLY SHIT NEIGHBOR PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAR ALARM"
Hungry for a late lunch? Our lunch special today is a delicious oven-roasted ocean trout. Hurry in, the special ends at 3pm!
just under Weeks glove..... just over Alcides head..... just under McGeHee's glove then E-6.... bases now loaded w/ 3 runs in WOW
"It doesn't cost a thing to smile - You don't have to pay to laugh...You better thank God for that." ::india.arie::there's hope::
I wish I could watch victorious and look at and be able to say she follows me on twitter.
Surprise, Happy Birthday Frank!!!
Praying for all my friends and fam on finals grind #jillybean and all others! Finish strong!
Thanks to the auto shop owner who stopped by. He just earned himself business if I'm ever stuck here again in Knapp, WI.
I am of the opinion that my life belongs to the community, and as long as I live it is my advantage to do for it anything I can.
Audition today, and guess where?! IT'S AT THE HYATT IN CENTURY CITY! #vidcon2011 !!
can you guys hold the game for me? I won't be home until 8, don't want to miss anything!
welcome home
Sold out of the salad we made tonight! Sweet, smoky, salty, what am I missing?
you already kno what you gotta do bruh knock down shots nd lock up on d
u already a follower why not follow me?
Vote, #Buffalo! RT Round 2 for selecting the host city of #SoMeT starts at noon today! Help us beat El Paso, TX to advance.
Ugh!!! Goin 2 guitar recital!!! Extremely nervous!!! AH!!!
I appreciate the RT! :-)
Somebody needs to reinvent how books are written. Too much text, too little info. Chapters can be summarized in a sentence & bullet points.
totally! I'm bringing it to work tomorrow. You should stop by and check it out!
I love love love that people clap after a movie here!
"A press independent of governmental, political or economic control does not exist." - Exporting Press Freedom by Craig LaMay
- is doing a crazy shot on Guardians! Go !!!
DO YOU THINK IT'S GROSS HOW GIRLS GET THEIR PERIODS.
it's a pretty nice day thooooo :))
What's it like on the surface of Mars? Paul get a front row seat at NASA's Future Flight Central, this Sunday (5/1/10) @ 5:30pm on KRON4.
this fresh beat band show get on my nerves...
I'm a lightweight easy to fall, easy to break.
Okay… good luck with that #notwinning : im not writing off the bulls just yet”
he can score!
RT : Still so full and happy from our dinner at last night.
I left my heart in Stranglethorn Vale?
Thirsty dog cotta dog ipa now on draft.
The "What Makes You Beautiful" cover contest is as follows. You must make a music video ethier lipsyncing or actually singing the song.
Anthony Grant is trending and not in a good way.
I'm back, but it looks like I may be heading to FL in a few days... When do you want to come thru?
the and is not suppose to be there
Praise Dixie Fried
You ever fight a dinosaur? They can cause a variety of damage.
Celebrating America by knocking yourself out.
Right back at you! Excited for Art is Part of the Solution next week!
Come on in to Fashion Forty Lounge!! West 40th Street and 7th Avenue... right where you need to be!
Night cap blunt wit niggas is hurt after them games lol
Tweep Tweep looking for something good to eat!
Going to the ortho doc. today for my hands. Hope everyone is doing well! :)
A "RT" For A Re-Tweet
Yesterday you said tomorrow.
S.C.H.O.O.L. = Seven Crappy Hours Of Our Life. C.L.A.S.S. = Come Late And Start Sleeping. F.I.N.A.L.S. = F^ck I Never Actually Learned Shit.
Brody Boles at the meet fits in the locker
good to connect with you dude, hot tips welcome :)
Jaybird! IT'S WANTED WEDNESDAY!!!!!! *slaps someone*
bahah he gets annoyed with me obsessing over justin x)
Been hella busy, new mix coming the second I get a break! #somanynewtunes :D :D :D
Dearest Randy...be strong, I know your brother was strong he sung about might and love and he knew trickery..Prayers to u!
oh cool what they say
ohh pues sí quieres. I don't want you to waste gas dude.
Straight up Gangsta!
mine keeps unfollowing people. never had it add more. so long as you keep following me it's all good. <3
sounds awesome looking forward to the photos
Lastest IM Reviews Posts Kindle Touch 3G, Totally free 3G + Wi-Fi, six" E Ink Display - includes
Don't forget to come hang out at Numbers on the 20th!! Who will we be seeing?!
what you eat plays a big role, but also I like leg lifts and core exercises like push ups and planks too!
Finally an early nights sleep. I needed this
Guess it'll be cereal.
thank you for the support :) whats up!
This time I read it and thought undignified and futile
My pleasure! RT: Glad to do it... Thanks for tweeting the link, Jessica! ^KH"
On a flight to Milwaukee with the great Paul Molitor! Ignite those engines!!!
After that weekend of "Festival of Carols," it's time to recuperate...before Messiah creeps up in 10 days.
Tebow seems to better out of the pocket when he's passing.
Excited about about the fights! Woohoo!
does Rive Tweet?
I wish I can listen to alternative classical music besides piano... Lol nobody I know makes fun of ballet. I would kick em
Another song inspired by Bush... It's official. He's not a fan.
should of cut 1/4 of the blonde
"Social networks are a waste of time in general" as you continue to tweet. You've got a point!
Just got back from a bike ride. Froze my junior mints off.
Going to dig into some before going out into the #MidPoint Music Festival. They are MPMF's longest running sponsor!
My team created A full package of Google Image ads for Gwinnett Medical Center. Ads support Imaging services. Ads have motion & click tags.
Well congrats to me.....
I dislike slow talkers who use long pauses. #laxgrad2012 blah blah.... Blah...
good day today, tracked vocals for gorilla fight... Submitted music for a movie and finished up some editing,.. #yessir <U+E11B>
no, only chili does that
Where was Kyle when he hit that shot? Outside the building with the Jordan statue?
thanks you for following back
#U.S. #women earn final spot in
Its Official! Feb. 1st Im Headed Up North D.C. Here I Come - BAM!!!!
2 all my new #narcolepsy friends- have any of you been on #xyrem? Do you report ur condition to HR? Do they need 2 know about my condition?
Gnight Greg Kick butt tomorrow and #BeGREAT Happy Thanksgiving!
#Np "Get Money" Jr Mafia
almost 2,000 fans! Let's get it up to 3,000 in the next month!
We love Smiley Miley! Still a smiler (':
And why wasn't "Margin Call" up for a clutch of Oscars? Makes "Moneyball" look like "Gilligan's Island."
Def Leppard and Poison! Retweet if you are going!
. Thanks for the RT. You know wassup!
In Etan Patz Disappearance, Search Is On 33 Years Later The authorities are digging for remains in the basement of a building near where
Bella can i pretty please get a follow it would mean the world to me!!! <333 :))))
Oomf got me dead tired
And I say that despite having wanted the losers to go through on both days.
Cueto on the mound for the rubber game? I like our chances.
I should have hibernated longer.
Tumblr and music are always there (:
I'll always love you.
Its a pretty simple mathematical equation: Jack Daniels = Drunk ~EpicMealTime haha
:congratulations! couples like you & ferris bring sunshine in the world.
My bus stop smells particularly urine-y today
dare I say fruitastic?
Why won't this cold go away? Praying for it to clear up so I can sing on new Year's Eve!!
<--- shoutout to our new follower
a freak thou lol
Bikes, basketball, and BBQ. GOOD DAY.
Looking forward to my first day back to #KidsHope today!
How embarrassing, I totally forgot the sides
We play a gig every week next month thats freakin perfect
I was actually making a feminist point. That there's something abt being a funny chick that's a little bit androgynous. (cont )
Why it ain't nobody at church.!?
Perkins is having a pretty good night. But he looks so pissed as always! Lol
Can he return for the match??
"Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other p
So glad I could help out at What a great event!
Whatever happened over the weekend doesn't count if you don't remember it right?
#blend11 Josh Jarrett from Gates Foundation: #1 predictor of future success is mother's education.
Across dusty Egypt, anxiety has filled the air
We've cast our vote in the Board elections - looking forward to some great new board members!
Haha. My Bad. I can be kind of a pollutant of the mind.
Love life. Y'all should love it to! :-)
season finale of #csi (vegas, the best!) tonite looks2b an edge of ur seat action packed episode. already can't wait4the new season!
i want to tell you that I keep on praying love will find you where you are
yes it is indeed.
Get out an vote tomorrow people!!!
Quite possibly :)
Sharron Angle has tweeted she expected to be down about 35k votes at this point, down 40k. It was expected. Exit polls were in Angles favor.
Thanks, LeEllen! We miss you.
This is actually a commercial I just saw.
it is not quite as bad! Have a great time!
Woe is me, Woe is me, I lost the EPYD endorsement!! The prince has 14 & I have 2. The good thing I have not lost my hardy appetite!
I could never understand the camping thing. Why camp when there are buildings & indoor plumbing?
The American mass media have achieved what American political might could not: World domination. ~Akbar S. Ahmed
If that was your ham and cheese in the little fridge by Lane's desk, thanks.
(Thank you Father) Happy Birthday to your son Happy holidays, happy holidays Happy holidays to you. New Edition
wow. The. Worst. Cliche. Ever.
Literally so tempted to go get McDonalds. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094>
If you have never made a mistake then it means you have never tried something new.
omg google it! One you have babies out of, and one you pee out of!
I knew you'd come back to me.
see it? When Aguero scored I was so high in the air I could have dunked over LeBron. Astonishing finish.
i would love to keep hearing from dorks on the internet why they like Rush. my goal is to collect enough reasons to change my own views.
no one direction is best 1d forever
F'riz. The #Pride aftermath on Halstead is...almost better than the parade.
Hi Mark - Happy #WW to my favorite bank prez! Thanks for the mention!
Actually, he is an Arizona Cardinal.
The Miracle Social Worker
you ain't spit one for the homeless dude
definitely soon!
Get more auditions, you have more chances. And when the auditions aren't precious jewels, you can relax and give your best audition.
doing great just wrapping up w Freshman Year went by fast and doing music right now
Oh how I loathe you i480
not to self: only use the term "yolo" in the note of sarcasm. Lol
How bout that ? Torres with a hat trick!
Me too! :) good luck, to both of us!
enjoy your break it is well deserved!
Is it Friday yet? I wanna see and meet considering this is my valentines gift <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>
How did you know what I'm having for dinner tonight? :)
aw!!! RT : Jamming to on this rainy Thursday.
Get your free chicken meal from kfc at unthinkfc.com
The only people who are following me now are porn sites. I must be doing something right.
back in miami and already raging
Rocking out to avril lavigne with my bro and sis...good summer vibes
Happy Belated, Tobin!
I live in Ohio near Cincinnati
A-Gon leads the Sox in pretty much every relevant offensive category sans SB's.
New Diebomb is gonna be pimp!
Sounds like one hell of a journey!!
GB! SONG OF THE DAY:GIVE ME TONIGHT-George Benson
I have a +1 for the preview Frieze New York tomorrow. Anyone want to join me?!
Have a fancy programmable coffeemaker so the coffee is ready when I get up, but haven't programmed myself to load it before bed.
Driver needed for Sprinter van from NYC to Miami today. $250/day. Driver will stay overnight in Miami upon arrival & flown home next day.
"Death is supposed to be about finality - but really it's about losing everyone you love." Found myself a glass-half-empty type philosopher.
I love all access' dj retweets. " #RIPMCA we love you!" *goes back to playing led zeppelin, Adele, poison, etc...
Congrats to the PPS for being named one of the top public school systems in a large US city!
Good night twitter friends
DEAD POPULAR CHARACTERS AND BARE WOMEN'S FEET EVERYWHERE! *flail*
Sometimes you just need a Dr. Pepper.
thanks a ton!
TUES 9/13 DONT MISS THE "ALL IN VARIETY SHOW" NYC HOSTED BY "JACKIE DA MODEL" MUSIC BY & DJ FINAL FAZE COME THRU!
Abraham Maslow~ If the only tool you have is a hammer you tend to see every problem as a nail.
Steve Blake Sorry but, see ya!
kudos to #Spurrier. Pay the players!
O M G I still have a headache -__-
just did
Last year & showed their support for #TrevorLive, we wonder who will arrive in style tonight at ?
forever and a day
Someone, anyone, entertain me!
Balls Deep
Hey, thanks so much!
Gardening is healthy: Digging in the dirt can ease stress, keep you limber, and even improve your mood..!
My weekend starts now.
Just finished day 1 of Cello Fury rock camp 2010! Already have a sore throat---Si
RT : Venezuela,Chile,Costa Rica, Brazil,Perú,Colombia,Argentina,Mexico and the others #LatinAmericaNeedsPurpleGlassestoo :)
Not at all...except for the occasional zipcar.
But it's also very apparent that I don't either. Just keeping it real, not play play.
RT : well it's a veryy hot day on a tough course but they're doin ok!
I hate when you're so tired you can't sleep. How does that even make sense?
so far so good.
Love it. I also love your sign in the middle of the table for the learning station.
Yay! Aw, baby showers are so cute! You have to post a pic or two!
Congrats #Cleveland #Browns, you missed out on ALL of the qb options available.....again.
I'd give this chat a 7 (out of 10) “: co-sign. ~ What's disappointing is seeing everyone buying into it.”
Day started off with Sunshine, Rain, Snow, Beautiful Sunshine, Heavy Rainfall - spring forecast anyone?
Geting ready for the playoffs..going to chill back and wach the game...
I followed :D
Money can't buy class!
Yah! Thanks Craftfoxes! Hope to see you ate Ballston this Saturday!
First up 30 minutes of AMAZING RACE with Brenchel.
I hope so too, I miss you guys already! Thanks again and don't forget me. ;)
OK so much to tell you (: xoxo
oh god, too many movie title hoe jokes! MUST. CONTROL. TWEETING.
BEANS!!!!! Omg he looks like a fucking rapist!!
Now Selling: New Homes in Atlanta&#39;s Exurb Communities
This Weekends picks CFB Notre Dame vs Michigan over 46 USC -7 vs Ohio St. NFL Green Bay -4 vs Chicago. Good luck and lets crush The Man!
is that really worth bragging about?
Visited San Diego County Voter Registration and learned that there is available a certified statement of voting - could be good for ID! Best
please follow me <3 i vote for u :D
Clean sheets after a long weekend are the
Our big stained glass window looks so beautiful at this time of day! Stop by and check it out!
Totes pumped to hang with & to watch
Usually I'm waiting at daughters dance studio 4 #IntDesignerChat “: >amazing squeeze in from a taxi in LA”
following a person down the hallway because u like the song theyre blasting in their headphones.
well, congrats then. Majority of public schools don't.
And boy was I wrong!
Do you have my new number?
Dang! Bonus points for the album name.
Thanks for the follow! I am a big fan of your work and love how you are supporting women in growing their biz!
I don't... cope well. I have poor coping strategies. My kids hadn't seen these great grandparents for a while so they're mostly fine.
RT Indy Bike Hub YMCA Ribbon was cut today! Farmers' Market, too! So much happening at your City Market.
I know a hoes be fucking niggas for breakfast after da club ....u. know ....
Why is it so easy to find sex when its so hard to find love
jfdngdhnstr he's so tan.
Husband used to work for now-defunct Walking Magazine. Sad but true: America does need a pub to remind them to walk!
things never said: I like Morrissey like a moafukin boss!
Next on the , offers his fantasy baseball expertise. Call or text in your questions now!
I would like to see tweets on college tuition, education, and healthcare
Nuttin to do
I couldn't stop it. It was like watching a car wreck in slow motion.
thanks for all the work you've done to design our logo. We're so excited about it!
When Newt came through Atlanta this week he was attacked by zombies--wasn't their taste....they spit him out.
. how are the doors today?! #BeatFL cc:
it's getting bad when 7.5 hours of sleep isn't enough for me.
ooh good idea!! Looking forward to the transcript!
Thank you so much.
Never be who you aren't Never ever fold under pressure Desperate times, get desperate measures! <U+2665>
do you feel most individuals with ASD can benefit form iPads?
"Don't Block the Boy!" Yo! - street sign in Philly
A man is as good as he has to be, and a woman is as bad as she dares. ~Elbert Hubbard
Can't sleep! Water break.
This irish music right now.
interesting! RT : Former Jaguars safety Donovin Darius has signed a 1-day contract w/ the team in order 2 retire as a Jaguar.
don't be a stranger! Text me sometime!
#deloitte (LIVE) b/c tacit knowledge is sticky: "It tends not to flow. Best way to access is trust based relationships"
“: LET'S GO PHILLY LET'S GO!” ~ You know you are a clown for this right? smh
Thanks Pax RT : Amazing time meeting all the NYC Turing Fellows candidates tonight. Super smart and ambitious! /via
Ah,cool! Definitely. :)
#IWantToPunchPeopleWho still wear Red Monkey Jeans!,,,4Real!,,,,C'Mon Son!!!
Played the Johnny Mnemonic pinball yesterday. "Collect gigabytes to become a cyberpunk." There's also in game phreaking.
Deadly Frog Gets New Sanctuary The golden poison dart frog now has it own personal sanctuary along the Pacific coast of western Colombia.
Communication is a skill that you can learn
yep! We have lots of fun!
Saw some long lost friends yesterday!
Not so much an actual aesthetic as an intellectual one.
he plays better in night games. Lol.
damn <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> I just got back to delavan I went all by myself lmao I got bored and lost my Brit fren so I was just over it
Even something innocent can be guilty.
Definitely a 10. Nothing feels better than that! :D
To Catch A Cold
i'm so proud of you!!! yayayay!! I'm stoked
didn't have to edit that video as much as people believe to make #Portland look weird, that's just Portland
#factswithoutwikipedia the world will not end Dec2012. It will ask for couples counseling because you don't listen to it any more.
You are right to focus on debt, but you shouldn't call it a bad mortgage. IT IS A MASSIVE TAX INCREASE which hasn't ben paid yet!
I'm officially done with my first year of #sagrad! Thank you to the #sachat & #sagrad communities for all your support!
No brakes? That is some bullsh*t. I'm out! Lmaoooooo haha I love the cab driver (:
pitching won't get any easier when they come north to San Fran! They'll be lucky if they miss Zito.. Haha
Roller Coaster Tycoon 1! Forest Frontiers was my favorite place to create a park haha
Had the opportunity to meet him yesterday at a FCA function in Kansas City. First class!!
Off to the doctor for my physical #notagoodtime :(
This Month Is A Really Busy Month
I vote values! Do you? May 8 is your chance! Thx for yr work in NC!
Having football in team sports is a waste of time
Thanks for the RT. Have a great week!
Mad Shout out to its all in her title I'm following you sexy thang please follow back. I would love your company
Hi Gae-Lynn You have v good fish and chips in Naples old town on the Gulf coast.
I guess it seems so old fashioned and sexist in this day and age. No?
Good morning! :)
Just got off fire watch and showered bed soon
the one and only :')
hi, your probably not going to see this but hii :)
What was the nation's first national park?
well mine are perky, but pierced and I don't give a damn! I'm not wearing a bra today!
All the people: they sing, "What a lovely day! Yeah, we won the war! May have lost a million men, but we got a million more..."
I know I should resist this peach cobbler..but.......
she sang at Cody's Waiting4U tour, she was god!
Hi FJE All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited Time offer Contact
yea I bet ... A lot of bby employees made the same progression.. Dan, Sammy, and I all went to Pnc along with others I dnt no
NFL network Postgame: Deion Sanders asks Tony Romo..."What gets in your butt?"....LOL really?
haha that's why i erased it but thanks for being so nice about it! i love you too (:
I like that topic! Good call! Its a new era of escape
fingers crossed you are coming back to madison my man
i doubt it
No, they won't be asked to commit until after valid., EIR, and Coastal Comm. Just long process.
thanks so much mate!
hey what do you think of Jessie J tweet back :)
Thank you, Emily!
Your avatar photo is black, is something wrong?
Called hubby to ask abt dinner logistics after The Girl's recital. He answers the phone, lets me talk, then tells me he's on the eliptical+
Really... 19k followers!? Only if I had boobs and was cute lol
Helton's going cow tipping after this if you're free... RT /starts warming up fingers to get ready for cap tipping
It was kinda cool to walk into the new lobby at today!
Photo Shoot Was Off The Chain! Legooo!
Nice double sack by and
Hope everyone enjoys their weekends! Tweet us when you see the commercial!!
The whole reason there is a defense is to stop the offense and sometime u have to hurt them to stop them
that sounds good. and yes is one cool chick.
Why does Facebook think I am in a relationship. These ads are unbearable.
Hope everyone had a Merry Christmas!
Also check out for some great opportunities
OMG If was on TV in the 90's I'd be famous.
Another great day of campaigning, meeting some colorful people. Can't wait to do this again tomorrow.
lol I hope that text wasn't directed at me lol
im ontthe edge of turkey!(: hehe
That story's not a story without a photo
Seeing things as how they are, I need a new PC or a faster hard drive. Its speed to transfer from HDD to USB is the same as its max download
Welcome to the addiction
Good (& depressing) to know! RT : wow, google has a calorie option in their recipe search. who knew?
Does the proliferation of pornography make it more difficult for artists to create nude art
My prayer for you today is that you'll plan your come up, you'll shut your haters up, and that God will blow you up!
yes, i understand, and yes, i have msn
I've got so much love to give (bass drop)
tonight is my first concert though no lie lol
Missing my #GH again <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Please get your mammograms ladies
FWIW Notre Dame laughed at the thought of conference affiliation for football. Still can't beat their deal.
Please call the vet if you have a chance. Sorry to be paranoid - my cat had bad reaction to leukemia booster shot a few yrs ago.
text me
On MPTV 10, #NaziHunters tracks down Albert Speer, who organized slave labor in death camps and prolonged the war. At 9PM.
TY so much for the Friday kind words! I hope u have a gr8 weekend!
Tonight I DECLARE WAR + LIONHEART + MOLOTOV SOLUTION + ARMOR FOR THE BROKEN + IMMORTAL PROPHECY & PORTRAITS OF A MASTERMIND @ El Rey Theater
I dont know Bruce, never talked to him beyond a hand shake, but i think he's a good man.
haha that can be good and bad
you can wear mine :)
do you have a picture of the wallet?
“: if she puts a "(;" at the end of a text, #shewantsthedick” makes me think of you....
Either my metabolism is too fast or I'm just a fatass... I've been eating a lot the whole day & I'm still hungry...
I would say that I am more poser than hipster.
What happens to my files now that my doctor is closing his practice? - Globe and Mail
I'm so tired today I wish I had 5 red bulls, sugar free though.
True RT : The #c21nonhuman breakout room desks have articulated backrests. Its like an articulated bus on your chairback.
it's great feeling when you find all the answers to your take home exam on study blue
you know you're bored when your watching a #Snooki true hollywood story, despite the fact that you've never watched
u drunk? Lol what you talkin bout?
Wait, what decade is this? RT An estimated 22,000 pregnancies from rape could be prevented w/access to emergency contraception
ok, don't follow me. Just read this and smile! Your so lovely, I know you try your best with your fans I respect that Iloveyou
I know right? It was warm in there last night too.
A secret to providing a successful pitch to the media: Make it local. Provide local ties in for coverage in key markets
Thank you for the retweet!!!
Walking dead--can't get moving or awake. Need a red warning light on my car, for safety or everyone else
On that
stickK has gone mobile! We're pleased to announce the delivery of a mobile version of stickK: m.stickK.com. Let us know what you think!
At Sac Brew Showcase and Cap Beer Fest pouring Daylight Amber and Trein Wrak BIPA. Try ours along w/ all this other amazing
probably because the name lita being a common woman's name ;)
Still time to head over here. Flashing sign near stadium was advertising half price tickets.
Got my invite to Google Music. Comes preloaded with some songs including such stand outs as Kris Kros' "Jump".
time to clock in .
"Hey" , "Hey" , "How r u" , " Good u" , "Good", "What r u doing", "Bush did 9/11" , "Agreed", Retweet if you hate these conversations.
why would you say something like that. ? People already think you the biggest hoe in the world
Yellow yoga pants are sweet!
Did you tear the thoughts out of brain & write them down? I see issues for UCLA w/ this class.
Yeah buddy! I'm goin with the experience
Happy Holidays Brian! We hope you can come visit us on your next night off from being a parent :) We know its a full time job!
#nadal beat fed! Watch it?
Idk if she would call it cute lol I think the word she might use is crazy. That's ok, the gps isn't coming off the phone :D
What r u doing
When did get here? And are there really double J's in Joyce? lol
#TCAF was awesome as usual. I always leave that show with all my comic-making batteries fully re-charged. Thanks everybody!
I'm there
hehee I'm dying of sickness.
Just got my 6 pack of tix for at comerica, cant wait!!
thanks for the love fam whatever you need from me its on.
Never hesitate to ask a lesser person
Thinking Costco trip.
I love how everyone's bumpin that new chief meanwhile this kid been on that shit....
#AtlanticWoW "That which we value, we seek"
Watching #Maury in Princess. A normal day in the nail shop lol
I agree. These clips ain't enough and trailers are needed. Medical show and BthB are bad
well i dont like him but i like him. its like hes okay but i still hate him. lol
I'll always support you all :) how about the drummer? have you find it yet? :/
so basically fruits veggies and nuts? Sounds damn challenging!
That's a _must_!
: we are going to be at booth 207, come find us at the booth!
Melrose's flow doesn't even budge in the Boca Raton breeze
we decided to open a Hoboken chapter
Thanks for the article Wendy. I played 8 seasons in the NFL and Im wondering if the injuries were worth it?
we can ship to new castle. =P
Feature lead audition tomorrow!
Well for those that havent heard, yes Im leaving Milwaukee once again. This time Im staying in baseball and working for the Nashville Sounds
Good Saturday morning all! I hear there will be a comet visible in the night sky tonight! I'll be looking for that :)
wow - what a game for Wes : Eikmeier trying to match AFA from deep. He is 5-of-8 and now has 23 pts.
Who votes for capture the flag in gears of war 3?
Merry Christmas Eve!!
Back in Lexington TONIGHT! at Cosmic Charlie's w/Onward Pilgrim & Swino
My las t undergrad final in the bag.
I like suffolk county. I wanna stay here, next to a beach is ideal. But I need mad space. I saw something in rocky point
Good brainstorming with today. Big ideas.
Ciroc presents New Year Eve at Opium Garden Nightclub in Miami featuring special guest DJ Khaled and friends.
Happy Birthday to you!! Enjoy u!
you know you. you know when you might just be about to let go of what makes you...you.
Aaawwww. Thanks honey.
Where is Italian Village?
#3DAYS left, and we're much excited!(;;
Sometimes you gotta call em out.
cool fest?
Cool. Just working my way up to the Centurion. ;-)
About to watch sister in Fear Factor Live! Go Sabrina!
Brenden Frasier used to be such a hunk
#HappyMothersDay & rest of the hot mamma's in
Both of our students auditioning made it into the Grammy award winning Performing Arts High School, Las Vegas Academy. Way to go guys!!
": I can't wait to get my pink Louisville slugger bat" You going to use it on ur husband???:-)
is that true ??
On the other hand, Altman routinely outcoaches Romar. Could be worth 5-7 points in and of itself.
Finally Fuckin Followed me
I agree. As long as God has my back; am feeling ok. Through God ALL things are possible.
Emotions are feelings large enough to change your life or destroy it.
Just added to our music videos.. make sure you check him out! Also follow him.. u won't regret it =]
Oh, that's why Dick Cheney said he wanted a virgin's heart on a silver platter
Email, manuscript photocopy requests, and tea.
We want to hear that! :) “Rap music with an accordion! Where have you been all my life?”
Kids these days smh ya'll need to grow the fuck up.
When u in da party u stand around and when Im in da party stand out, when she with me her legs up and when she with u her hands out!
We can't endorse a presidential candidate, but if we were going to pick a Republican, it would be
Is This Love? Hell na the denial is evident..the smut smart;she know the alphabet.
Reading over the FD snapshots and laughing so hard. <U+2665>
duh. yes.
Oh you think your better than me because you have an iPhone? No bitch. I will steal your shit & make you go waste your money on a new one !
Not sure. Clicking on the files in the email normally opens them in the right app, but that's not working now.
What ever happened to Akon?
This Fri CD Release event with Wasted Talent and Erie's Romantic Era 21+ 9:30pm come and rock out!
any idea when that PTBL from the Cubs is coming over? I thought they said towards end of ST. That's just about now
No need to worry, You don't have any Flash on your website.
lmao, sorry <3 But if need me to write anything for you or help put signs up, I gotchuuuuu ;*
Is a beast baby!!
Cards, baby!
of course, hope you have a great day!
"Stop before the bridge. Get out. Walk down the road. Sniff the air, and if it smells good, breathe deep." Jordan Fisher Smith
this us history study guide >>>>
Happy #FF everyone! Please welcome my co-anchor to Twitter and follow and
Songwriters should protect their work, 1) mail it to yourself, keep unopened. 2) register with Library of Congress. 3) Join ASCAP or BMI ?
I hope I start working 2day.
that's slim shady yeah baby slim shady's crazy
what do you do?
Goodnight :D
:) So much fun!
be honest was that the first stars game you've watched this year?
OMG did people feel the earth quaking?
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe Who Real Friends Are '
Fuck Bobby Valentine I blame this on him y keep bard in for such a long period of time....
this makes me so happy, lol! :)
Honestly, my life is a bit TOO drama free.
is on a Thurs this time, , maybe you can make it? 9/15 6pm Next Door.
come to england then you'll have a blast I promisee ;) x
IU putting on a clinic early against PSU in terms of ball movement and 3 point shooting.
Remember when Wolf Blitzer said about Katrina victims: "They are so poor and so black" NBC was intentional.
SO Weird!! Thought it was just us.
Hammy really wants that contract. Sweeping the dugout, even! Lol
thank you
I Love This Movie!!
RECLAMATION OF THE EDGE.
Looking forward to hearing the Duke Ellington School choir and going to the Barker benefit!
Can we just sell Texas to the Chinese to pay off some of our debt?
If I stop arguing with you, I no longer give a fuck ..
I think and need to check out the song "My Body's a Zombie for You" by Dead Man's Bones. I think you'll like it!
Happy Tuesday All! <U+2665>
are now all TRUE "PAKALITES!!!!"
Hey I tried to jump on that call today but it didn't work.
Ima try & sleep tomorrow !
Measure often and evolve faster. #GoMobile via
WORK is craze in a rad way. First time I seen a dude literally run from a fight was tonight. Kinda set the party off!
Happy birthday to the trill ol G
Hey There's not a doc in NFL who would have let 21-year-old stud return that soon & NFL docs know more abt knees than anyone.
": Why am I holding on so tight to someone that is working so hard to push me away?!"
my mom doesn't either. She would murder me if she found out i did :o
#goa2011 Restaurant is in rear of ISS show area
Word around town you been talkin shit about a nigga, plz don't make me pull da bitch out of yuh bro...
ha...he forgot "thou wi-fi connection shall not work for dick"
I was thinking the same thing. Did he just cuss in church.lol aon. They are saying that bobby felt disrespected at the church.
get your ass over to my house to git
Which she actually has. :)
I'm moving in a week and definitely doing this! “: Freak out your neighbours, rename your Wifi to "FBI Surveillance Van #42"”
I would love to talk to you about aptt! It's definitely better than traditional parent teacher conferences but still has few kinks
I'm still sick as a dog, but I gotta go see my girls at the sculpture park.
"There are things known, and there are things unknown, and in between are the Doors." - Jim Morrison, lead singer of The Doors.
Can't wait to finally get this iPhone working today!
This is bad, I really need to piss!
Hyperbaric Centers of Florida is now open!
Starting an Art Deco inspired line of my Economic Bailout Jewelry!!!
I have barely seen them since the beginning of the month. Not sure how much more they can take. And I hate watching it.
Thanks everyone who attended Justin's session this morning.
I love all the #occupywallstreet tweets in my stream. I follow the coolest fucking people.
There is no passionate defense to be made--you love the products enough to where it does not matter how they get here.
Thanks for the follow Michael Williams (MB_Williams)! :)
It's crazy how many different styles there were. My dad has one that's similar, but it doesn't have laces.
TEET ME ! :D TWEET ME ! :D FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW <3 TWEET <3 FOLLOW <3 TWEET ME <3 :D FOLLOW ME
wld but only teams & the bands sorry
haha thanks guys. Didn't even notice the other hook. Interesting.
Watch out boy she'll chew you up. Whoa, here she comes. She's a maneater.
and DUET!! Let's make this happen!!!!
Thanks! I love him! He's so soft!
Those who do not use keyboard shortcuts shall be turned into fertilizer for The Chosen.
weel to day is sunday i cnt brake a promise service will start at 11:30am
I've been spreading the word to #stopkony at my school and it's a real shame that no one gives a shit. Wait until judgement day assholes.
We've got ya covered Flo! ;)
Did anyone else watch the new Kindle Fire ad and think: "How was that thing not stolen off her doorstep"?
Dude, that is one good looking site!
Haven't eaten anything all day, im saving myself for this lobster dinner ah
Fear God. Keep your dick clean. And trust no one. <---- Imma raise my son on these key principles
sorry I didnt reply to you before, whats up?
will u follow me i followed u?
Glad you are not passing your bias on to the children.
Loving the neon colored v neck shirts from jcrew they are so hot!!!
Truly! Anything to get rid of those little frustrations that take up way more of your productive time than you think!
Good start Babe
Dont Worry Girls, One Day You'll Find A Guy That Ruins Your Lipstick Instead Of Your Mascara.
It would be really nice if the nest full of eggs on my back patio hatched today. They don't know it's Mother's day, but I do.
Hot Jobs: Java Server Programmer, Lead Programmer, Network Programmer, Tools,
Hey hey def can't wait to get back in the stu with ya'll:)
K made to make a smile and the woman entering the plaid pantry smiled with him.
sat on a motherfuckin cactus
Chapel Hill or Raleigh for lunch today?
Survey results: Services provided ad hoc
Lady Badger bball game with Baba :)
(*) Happy Mother's day to all of you (*)
The #Padres served up more doubles tonight than IN'N'OUT!! cymbal splash:)
can't wait! We're coming to the no h8 photo shoot tmrw ; will you be there?
what happened????
no i wont i hate all marvel characters they suck they are just stupid
Flopping used to be frowned upon. But now it's all people seem to be doing. Looking like the WWE
Cannot stop listening to Gene Vincent, two days after what would have been his 77th birthday! That guy was truly impressive.
Whoa! Jason Pettigrew just posted about some 3-disc reissue of Psychocandy! 3 CDs of prime Jesus And Mary Chain?! Feedback heaven!!!
I had a Helles Schlenkerla Lager last night around midnight up in Cambridge.
“: RT : Can't believe the GOP Debates got snubbed for best comedy series at the #GoldenGlobes.”
a full time job, meaning a minimum of 40 hours and the virtual impossibility of just taking off whenever I want.
Just not in the mood to have fun or do anything
lmao damn shame let me know when u have n ready to send
. says that numbers from other sports (like rowing) cause as many or more indirect fatalities
CONCRATS to the football team for a Great win over a decent SEC opponent, Great season, & Great Coach Jones!!!
dude i rlly rlly rlly want that gummy bear!
Sitting in on the annual business meeting at #macrao2011 #macrao11 It is great seeing and catching up with friends and colleagues.
Thanks! Next year in Snug Harbor, I think somewhere in February.
hope you meet ETs & not "Alien" aliens.
I finally figured out how to log out of you twitter!!
“: IU people just took away a Jail (DJ) Byrd sign away from a student” There are some creative minds
hey sexy girl! I was just strolling through ur TL an noticed u 4got sumthing. Beautiful! All natural,sexy as hell and..
Hahaha Nope, your still my Valentine!
Like this status if exercising is your stress reliever!
no way?
thanks so much for sharing your story with us it was awesome!
well im going to church, i'll text u when i get out (:
#ireallywant it to be summer so i can be in LA!!!!!!!!
hellz yeah! looked at their site last week, would like to speak with them about dev access.
I want a knockout and a next fight with , and I want thiago silva to come out all roided up and just maul the Swede
band practice tonight big show on Saturday.
My room is a gigantic mess. Need to fix that. And do laundry.
RT : Pitting one group of Americans against another is not leadership.
Shit! The FBI is investigating Alivaine! I hope my calls when Rick & I cut a deal with Chilo to make my Bf dad the president weren't wired!
Does throwing a wild pitch to score a run tarnish Santana's no-hitter? Ugly.
I love making money wit music for real
Great day at Radford seeing graduate. Now got big day tomorrow, giving my testimony in church
Thank you for your courage to say WHY you evolved, Mr. President. Everyone else flip-flops w/o explanation for political reasons only.
I get lonely too.....
I'm starting to feel better. The allergies aren't acting up right now.
I guess I'll take a nap then
Yep, I'm now officially used to doing things my own way.
Celeb crushes: Robert Downey jr and Edward Norton
Acoustic show tonight, let's go!
Favorite Random quote, "I'm a hot piece of steel and I'ma bout to go off in yo a$$!" That's from an action movie folks. . . STG
Halfway through the only season of "The Black Donnellys." Why was this cancelled? I love it.
NEWS FLASH! Fresh Italian food avail. FoodTruck (downtown D from 11am-2 p.m. 1 block E of Campus Martius on Cadillac Sq) Yum!
Thanks for the Follow Kimberly -
#imagine Niall leans forward to kiss you. You avoid him by looking away.Then he holds your chin softly he whispers"Stop being hard to get"
#Living starting us off...
First 3 1/2 hours of first aid training done last night. CPR/AED is tonight. My application has reached the NMC and is being reviewed.
They say time is the fire in which we burn. - Dr. Tolian Soran, Star Trek: Generations
YAY! So proud! I'm in the red couch. I'll see you when you get here :)
What do you mean? Other kinds of content?
time for some food!!!!
I still tend to buy hard copies, cause they have resale value. My project for this year is to be better e-reader.
"You're beautiful, that's what makes you beautiful." ---- thanks bitch!
AIGH! I have to stab my visual cortex with an ice pick now.
Fire officials in Blaine say an overnight fire took the life of one person. Tune in to sunrise for a live report...
Holiday inn express out of cinnamon rolls. AGAIN.
So, MIB 3 stole the tag line from Back to the Future?
Note to Casey: When choosing proper criminal trial apparel, don't go for a Snooki hair pomp & K-Mart t-shirt top.
go Nancy
Who could help me get more followers ?
Bucks win!!! Gooden was balling with his triple double.
Thank god its friday I hope everyone has a good day today
haha I figured it was Lil Girl's doing!! She's a sneaky one...
Damn who u treatin lmao RT : thats why you're not on skype with anyone ma'am
Campaign costs ~ $2.65 mil. Will the $2.47 mil PAC refund this to TX taxpayers?
What was Larry Merchants craziest comment during vs cotto fight?
A Parent's Guide to #Bullying: It's important to tell your child that you do not approve of bullying & that you are aware
I'm in hufflepuff….
Add kale to your next grocery list, a half-cup packs 420% of your daily dose of Vitamin K, a nutrient for bone health.
We're preparing for "mini-inauguration" coverage tomorrow - lots of calls & searches for political experts. Who would you like to hear from?
we cannot wait for the work day to be over so we can get to the studio- who else needs some bikram to end their day?
Have a good one :)
congrats on a great demo at Matchpoint!
The fact that I learned how to fishtail and do the little hair bow, with hair thingie>>>
Welcome my boy Josh Alt to twitter! He's seen the light... And ladies, he's hardcore VEGAN! LOL
When did I become the lovable fat guy?
Yo Christian! I've narrowed it down to Wed the 23rd and Sun the 27th (May) but I need info from you. Email or FB?
If it were not for the LORD, I would've been Chris Browned YOU!!
I don't think I would have it have been other way that the chick dancing to city high was missing teeth. Funny how these things work out.
thx! Glad you liked them.
we can get drunk tomorrow
Still passing notes like back in high school <3
I might have been first asleep but I felt god lol
In other words, best ad ever.
Alright, y'all.. playing at The Bluebird with KENDRA CHANTELLE and CLAY EVANS at 6 pm! Come early so you can secure a seat!
I wanna delete my fb so bad, but I've gotten so many gigs through the connects on there it's ridiculous.
Thanks Bavic "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
DEE LISH! RT : Got dinner plans? Make some! Our shrooms our , , & !
Ha yeah it is trippy at first but I get into it. I only am getting into the harder dubstep lately. So close to metal! Hits hard!
Thank you for clearing that up. My mistake. I appreciate it when people can comment with out being nasty. Thank you.
I am sure you will be voting for a Donald Duck retarded conservative
Let someone saying Hey Jae..be your motivation. Now Stop smiling and get up and clean your room.
I actually don't mind Ish
": HOOP" you going up there today?
So it wasn't the laptop, it was the docking station, how is that I figured that out before tech support did!
thanks for the retweet friends! Blessings on your day!
Great first practice at Samson's
Doing laundry in NYC is about to GO DOWN!
Hi Chris! <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
When your parents don't trust you. And your telling the fucking truth.
Great to meet you, too, today. I don't know how to DM anymore, they keep freaking changing it.
Been saying it for years... Howard is not good enough. He's not a difference-maker.
82 Cappers plays on NBA & NHL and no consensus yet, Consensus last 7 posts at 16-3-1 off a 2-0 day so hoping by gametime
Bend over and Don't look back!!.
Dont threaten me wit a good time!!!!!!
Was in Sarasota today, Seattle tomorrow!
Learn how to turn your business into an inbound marketing machine
LOVE THAT! Enjoy!
Think #Colts Painter had ego hurt if and when he realized while Manning had #Saints bounty tag of $10K his was basement price of $50?
thank you so much for bringing on they did AMAZING!!
Me: "I'm a writer, with a focus in comedy." Chick: "Say something funny!" Me: "Uh..."
I love Italian food & sangria!
Sometimes Saturdays are tough, but tomorrow Brownout are gonna make everything alright
Gotta be hot and in shape for our #ASOT parties!! RT “: Wowww picked a salad over pizza <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> something is wrong with me”
love you to bro! ans always bro always(:
yeah! Ay dios mio, I just want my Swiss cheese
This is the one of the best things I've ever seen! Adorable!
summer reading phone question. can't wait until it's over. one more week!
I hate it when my writing loses its logical progression. Rambles are harder to fix than bad writing...
Having a good day with the wifey gonna Watch #raw later
Just in time for all you summer foot fetish giggly flip flop wearers! New Web stie has stepped in, hehee get it?? What Yeah come sneak peek
No woman will ever be truly satisfied because no man will ever have a chocolate penis that ejaculates money
: Tomorrow is #MothersDay, any big plans? Make sure to spoil that special mom.
I'm singing Canary Chicago TONIGHT 8pm-11:30pm. Patio is open! Get Dinner in listening lounge near band. www.theredcanarychicago.com
will you please schedule a second show in Boston or release more tix?
Stay hot Tyler Tyler Colvin!!!
- I think she is afraid to love him or even want him. That is why she resists him so hard.
Conrad Murray has the greatest poker face ever. He's just been found guilty and i can't tell if he's upset, pissed off or anything.
How did you like Larry's presentation last night?
The three and a halfs have been talking. -- Hopping down the bunny trail at this Easter brunch
I love my job, which I realize in and of itself is a blessing...and, it is SO SUNNY in Portland, which is a miracle!
Everyone loves a discount: Vega Communications is offering 10% off first month of a social media campaign starting Feb. 1.
Holy shit, I get it more. Share that with more people than just me.
": 1st RT : So where is the 48 in points now? #NASCAR" He's already been handed the 2012 Championship Trophy.
Sorry, all I have is a high of 92 & a low of 67 tomorrow. Give it a month, we'll be there
right, chick lit is easy to think of, I just can't picture what "dude lit" would be. War books? Things about sports teams? Ha
I know hey!
@ Dinosaur State Park in Connecticut! 1) who knew?! 2) DINO tracks!!! 3) I will come back and actually see it some day.
You look so cool! I love it.
ACS received well over 500 $5 donations as a part of Sync & #AmexAustin10. A BIG thank you to everyone that donated!
when do we see you on Long Island, NY?
Moving day today. Crazy ass shiz. Getting super cool bench from neighbor. Will be queuing up Handsome Family Moving Furniture momentarily.
RT : Visiting #Fairbanks this summer? Stay at a Fountainhead Hotel & get 1/2 price admission to our museum:...
Great question! Re divides, optimism for subversion comes with incrsing transparency emerging
I think the New York Yankees are unfair right now...
I just added you my follow list. And no I will not prepare to die Ike... I'm shall turn you to the light..the force is with me.
hi nick!
thought u were looking for some artist. My bad
I'm going tonight too!
Badass. We will.
haha that's awesome! -- anytime! ; )
Getting a new phone tomorrow. Fucking finally.
I'm still sore from all that went on and to make matters worse I'm still in pain w/ these wisdom teeth..Friday plz hurry up..
thanks for the follow!
seashell trading party next week?
2pac- dead B.I.G.- dead Kurt Cobain- dead Layne Staley- dead Amy Winehouse- dead Justin Bieber- alive What's wrong with this list?
Convert Genius | Apple Iphone Ipad&amp;Itouch
Prepping for this weeks #carlsononthelaw show airing at noon on
It's funny how ppl think I am on a diet bc I eat clean ad not huge portions LOL!
I'm now taking suggestions for the name of my new sketch show which will be going up over the summer. Any and all suggestions will help!
If I can't meet Justin this summer & go to his concert then I wanna meet Colton when he goes on the Idol tour... <33
Gertrude Stein, Oscar Wilde, and Catullus, for the ideal combination of wit and smut.
But among "Best Places in the Universe," the C&O bar is there.
Which Part You Work In?
Bringing my real camera to work today. Must be vigilant about not entering "photographer mode" but the pictures will be better
Having a fridge and cabinets full of food, but nothing to eat.
I KNEW you two were the culprits.
Noodle is awesome.
KDLT sports dude just stopped his newscast to tell his girlfriend she's "the most special girl to walk through my life." The hell?
Is very excited to meet Saul Griffith tonight at
I wish you would stop tweeting things about me would be nice !
I Cant Wait No Time To Waist
Rejis boys... DAMN;D
Hey cousin! Didn't even know you were on twitter!
Did you know 1 out of every 8 ECU students have gotten a DUI? I'm shocked y'all. Thought it would have been more like 1 out of every 3
. can't wait to hear about it!
some of my fave people. Wish I was there?
Thanks for the FF, Rejetta! Have a great weekend!!
Also, I was happy to learn that they are going have a print product in association with McSweeney's.
Glee's new episode next week is One Direction.. Ahh<3
Massage Monday!
Have a final today that Im not even taking If I go to school all Im guna do is sleep anyways. My mom better say i can stay home
I think that is part of the reason I watch the show...
How did you see it? Seems like your maturing. I bet you're having a blast in high school. :D You still look good no doubt.
that's good (: lmao
haha, yes, I forgot about that.
fair enough. It's good to see there's some integrity there. Do you know the name Devon Kerns?
web archiving #occupy sites for may day events!
Welcome B., Trina W, Wendy P, and Cherly M. Thanks for the Like.
I'm hooked..
because the computer gods are assholes!
But we are *also* machines? Sweet.
Yes im almost officially done with the fall semester three classes down one to go
Its gatta b a crime to look that good
Ch. 12 Inmate on inmate Is higher than staff on inmate at the Limestone facility
so what?
I'm jumping in to the chaotic environment called, Theater.
I always think what I would do if I saw someone that was on there. Some people on there creep me out. Love watching that shit
N she still slaying " I use to be wide wit no shape" gma really lol
call me!!
The first half of our lives is ruined by our parents and the 2nd half by our children.
Thanks for the info on tasting notes. Keep up the awesome work! Vive la Anodyne Coffee
It's the last day of my summer internship at the Very sad!
y aren't you writing about the 1 year old boy who was abducted by his father & took him to Africa with out the mothers consent!
J'Nan: That's why I started the Green Light Movement.
Why do I always lose my dad in McDonalds?!
If you respond to any of the Reverb prompts, share a link to your response on Twitter & tag w/ #reverb11 - connect with your community!
Hello Harry, How are you today ? Good I hope
The Avengers brought it!
Thankyou for the FB. I'd get a checkup if I were you....
I honestly don't care if you think I'm crazy. You're just a figment of my imagination anyway.
I want to work for Olivia Pope! lol
OMG! I was thinking about going on Saturday. I'm due for a new one.
Can't figure out how many pants to bring to Boston; you'd think I never lived in a snowy climate before. Is there snow/slush arnd?
Thanks again for coming today! Hope your IKEA trip was fruitful. (I am currently on an IKEA ban - their directions hurt my brain!)
Keep tweeting me numbers!
hasn't tweeted at all today...WHAT'S GOING ON??
Yes! I knew this would mean I am part of elite Trek club. High five and secret handshake. Also, I am an ex-lab tech too :)
Feel like dancing
& Your voice is like a combination of fergie and jesus.lol
Retweet If U Didn't Win The Mega Millions Tonite!!
Hey im just passing the info along
yeah i mightt! idk yet though cuz i wanna see if anyone opens one that i could audition for(:
The real disruption happens when the student gains control of his or her own learning paths. Another great idea overheard at
#5 Reason for Nissan to end operations in Iran: It’s easier to #canIran than try to persuade NYers your "intentions are good"
RT : Lindsay Lohan is hosting SNL this weekend. Is it 2008 already?
: you can call me daddy #UmmNO #thingsboysshouldNOTsay #DYING cc:
Happy Easter!! is OPEN for Brunch till 4pm. Come get the best Bloody in MKE!!
Omg I just saw when I came out of ballet!! Omg he is amazing and he got a lot of people in the studio :D that's great!!
Alice Notley's Culture of One is like The Help of poetry.
Does a younger employee have a federal age-discrimination claim against employer if company treats similarly-situated older employee better?
Hey fans help us grow our MaryOnTheSquare page, hit the "Share our Timeline" on the page and post it to your wall.
Busy indeed, hence why my writing is progressing slowly, but surely. Pluggin' along, like we do...
Me and plans for the summer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
#OXYMORONBATTLE jumbo shrimp
SMILE SMILE SMILE , WE GOT YOUR DERBY FIT FOR YOU!!!!!!!
Can anyone recommend a good holiday payment card?
Were my soul #SISTERS at? Oh wait ......
Finally got my new Box up and running. Was a total nightmare to set up… but now I'm really enjoying the clever little device.
Yep sure am going from day drinking into bartending....why wouldn't I?? Challenge accepted
Lending an iPad to a friend, can he log me out of the AppStore and download apps while still using my apps already installed? Never tried.
Anonymous Coord: "I really just want a [significant other] that will do shit for me"
#Overeem #printing money good night in #UFC now for
It's official!! Our new restaurant is named Forque. Big launch May 10th. Mark your calendars.
“: Sometimes I feel like I'm waiting for something that isn't going to happen...” all the time.
That scary moment when you meet your gf's dad!!!!!!
I don't know which came first, but I'm pretty sure 2012 ripped off the made for tv miniseries, Meteor starring Billy Campbell...
The Ravens are the new Eagles of the AFC. How many conference title games have they lost now? Week 1 35-7 means absolutely nothing now.
Oh yeah, looks like some terrible accident took place. I swear I know where everything is though!
I'm pretty sure seeing a live performance in my old hometown of you would be the best top off to a craptastic work week.
was thinking it'd be crazy if win #stanleycup then relocated after the season. may have ownership update tonight
WAYNE THE BRAIN ... KILLIN THE ARRANGEMENT..MIDNIGHT RAVEN AT THE HQ..BIG UP TO E1..I SEE YOU. NASH'S PAPA ..WHAT UP!
I love YOU
I bet
Almost ready to add another vehicle to the fleet!!
Syracuse Orangemen ‘Syracuse Basketball Backboard ’ Pendant – Sterling Silver Jewelry
right elbow red!
We were incredible RT @: i fell sorry for you al because you didnt get to witness mine and plays when we wer ...
Thanks for the shout out!!
I smashed dis food
I'm now Website Architect/User Experience Analyst for the UMN Libraries. Rolls right off the tongue, I know, but I'm pretty excited.
Looks like you 2 are just ahead of us in Vietnam. Have you gone to Halong Bay? Wondering what situation's like.
anything is possible if you just belieb
Hate being sick.... any recommended remedies for sore throat/cough?
more clinics tonight ... fun ... you going ??
chase coy, <U+2665> ah, I love him.
Segmentation and personalization are important when doing email marketing says
There's and for starters!
Ugh! Sorry babe. Not a good way to start the week.
Fresh air, beautiful WI morning, dog out, dog fed, time for breakfast.
wow, a waitlist.
move to florida
Expose yourself to your deepest fear; after that, fear has no power, and the fear of freedom shrinks and vanishes. You are free.
I'll put them in the web store soon (been behind). I'm going to do some different colors and a blue pearly powder one too.
Librarians are "choice architects" by the nature of the work--Brad Mitchell
Edgefield is a great place to hold your company picnic! Dates are still avail in the Amphitheater & be sure to add some golf! 503.492.2777
Glad you enjoyed it!
Ah okay then maybe yeah lol.
Never going to the cove again when there's school the next day -________- #FML !
ha. It would be way too expensive to even think about. It would also produce an incredible amount of sweaty foot funk.
ah well id love to hear it (:
Have a Good Friday and a great weekend! May your time away from work be truly refreshing.
i agree. Love you cousin <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2764><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
lol I been around just not on twitter
Three hundred and "69" likes left on fb.. You dirty people. ;)
D's??? why don't i remember this!?!
RT your music! Or your club! :) (<--what a great idea..hmm..kay..i'll see what's up)
Is an SNS better than an LMS for hybrid learning purposes (for turning in assignments, sharing, discussion, etc)? Tweet me back plz
If your going to dream at all then why not just dream big
Are you watching the College Football Awards show? Tune into ESPN now!
Fast food places suck today..
Headed back to the lone star state ;-) ..
So like lately I've totally fallen in love with <U+2764> I love them all but I must say my favorites <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Now I have another piece of Alaska in my heart- sight of Aurora lights- incredibly beautiful.
Thanks for the RT the other day. Enjoy TWiWeb...might check out The Skool!
#787 nice number(: and me;Tony, sabrina; louis (:
Unity A Journey of Hope does the same, we go the extra MILE for ourwish recipients. We are SUCCESSFUL
Love it!!!": lol my god. Here. Take my college fund."
#lasttimeknickswonaplayoffgame = today! Gotta love the fight they showed
Jordan named new USC Aiken chancellor
Getting ready for church! Can't wait to see how the dodgeball goes for the elementary students!
A good take away from for me is to scale what he does to webinars. Solo webinars are definitely doable.
:/ when one of your favorite people can't spend your birthday with you.
Memo to K-State: DO NOT PUNT OR KICK THE BALL TO JOE ADAMS!! 50+ yd punt return. 7-0 Hogs
She shoots, she scores! USA1 Japan 0
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! C
I hate you!!!! Im nevee gonna tweet you anymore!!! Just kidding ! Happy April Fools! love you! Follow me :)
thank you!!!
Because I choose to have antenna tv I am watching Fox News Sunday so boring. They dismissed Occupy Wall Street as Tea Party envious.
Yes. That person would be me. RT : is looking for an awesome community mgr, anyone you would recommend in Seattle?
my bad, glad u had fun boo :)... Aight im back to zumba mode this week
awesome my friend! It was a good race, Lakers boo! Lol
Congrats on today on both accomplishments.<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> If I had a finish like that I'd throw my damn back out!
haha glad I'm not the only one who feels this way <U+270C>
now now...we all love each other
I don't know who that is
what are you studying?
Also, anyone have a dress form to loan WAA for the wknd?
Dark Horse coffee run. Losing steam.
is my husband
Congrats and family! Lots of love and best wishes :)
The Brew Dr. Kombucha bike will be at Market of Choice–Franklin (Eugene, OR) today from 3-6 sampling four different flavors of kombucha!
cum out here bra
Haha. Big surprise there. Bader's favorite Beasties album is Ill Communication.
A night of reunion. There ought to be some dated folk song for this.
Eww, Sydney! Lmao jk I love you too! c:
#NowPlaying - Better Days by Goo Goo Dolls. Good night!
I'm going to look so sexy on Saturday in Portland... Conceded. Not giving a fuck.
Looking forward to finding more homeowners to help by selling their homes for top price! Marketing while I watch Dancing with the Stars!
while tweeting, stay safe my friend, we need you!
All I hear is crickets from #TheLakeShow haters! Y'all sh*t tucked in all crazy!
At least you didn't use legalese language like heretofore or sixtofour.
just now realizing ppl lvg msgs on twitter!
I have procured a graphic of Godzilla destroying Houston for a poster I am presenting. So far this Friday is starting off well.
that was beautiful. I wish to be as talented as you are one day. Your voice is perfect. I wish I had a voice as stunning as yours.
This week went from>>>>>> too <<<<< just like that
Joshua Paul Ledet. You better remember that name. Such an amazing talent!
you're a proo ! ;D
Your welcome!
Thanks for the follow! I look forward to sharing more of my work with you.
waffles with nutella it is
made no sense that pr person would show up so quickly and confiscate camera-or why counterculture kid would turn it over
Go with the passive aggressive tactics...I find myself opening my wallet more frequently in this situation
Birthday was koo though it was on a Tuesday
Congratulating on her graduation from Drake University today. Well done!
Also, to All the little Angels worldwide, God Bless u all!!!!! I love u all so much XoXoXoX
RT - Peter Griffin of the New England Patriots
Also true.
saw that! 2 more and i am good
We are paralyzed by partisan obstruction. -wade henderson
Here and watching! Go crew!
the absolute most. I chose the 1st topic!
@ my twitter name so I know its real. Lol
Lmao they just jokes Gina damn, marty-mar love the kids/ lol
Tune in tmrw for insights on branding and space from & Carmina Drummond of via
Just confirmed, Howard Reich will be live on Chicago Tonight this Monday ahead of our 9pm national PBS broadcast on April 28!
Woohoo!!! Setting up the next Chicago AlphaBeer. It's going to be October 22 at the Blackstone. Save the date!
well hello
Prepping to teach "Web Building Blocks" and "Mapping on the Web" at today's BootCamp.
aw yay (: see you when you get here girl !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Not sad.He is a happy bird and we make light of it! We don't encourage it,but we accept it as who he is~! #LittleBratParrot~!
no problem.... love the beach photos. I need to hit the Florida Keys! Hope you're having a blast!
he's a general surgeon as well so you could get a hernia or a bad gallbladder. And then it will help to have a friend in
if you're not going to pinch hit posada there you mine as well take him off the team. If not there, you're never going to use him.
The LA Flood is a collaborative storytelling project (netprov), join in by using the #laflood tag
MIN GM D. Kahn "assumes" that he'll make a "trade or two" this offseason. K. Love has said he wants more veteran presence on the roster.
Potato soup at Danvers!!;D #heaven #thoughtaboutyouu! (:
The #eptgrandfinal 1k underway! at my tbl leo margets and next door. Gl all!
Oh yeah to day ididnt go to sleep till 9am and woke up at lyke 3pm whoaa gottah go to sleep buht iknnt sleep....
Wow. Very cool!
About to try a delicacy by chef #noKitchenRequired premieres on Tuesday April 3 #whatisit?
web design is hard :<
A single comment or a pattern for the course as a whole?
She said "I don't like dudes", I told her "me neither" ha-ha
The post office...need I say more?
Going to be leader for my team and Coach next year on the court and going to Go Hard 4 Christ #All the Glory and Praise Goes to God!
#Hashtags #Make #Everything #Fun :D
...you decide to spend your free time...so you don't have that much of a say in anything anymore...cuzi just fucked your mind.
Why does every kid on Nickelodeon and Disney channel have a record deal
First real snow fall of the season + a roommate from the sonw who isnt used to snow = hilarious!
Shep Messing on Boomer&Carton show this morn. Great interview but too short!
it the last fancy Friday of the year:'( haha
“: too many to keep track. #Fletcher2012” Nathan, just missed U this morning at Bird Rock Coffee. You Rock!!!
Oh man. I couldn't stomach it. I had to change the channel!
Um I'm gonna need a LITTLE sleep.
demand her/him to bring it up, lol. :]
#truth RT "I'm so sick of #PitaPit" -
Any word?
We'll always remember you as an american pop princess whitney
No. Lets not. Good luck wherever you choose, Chris // RT : let's give the Kentucky treatment
Casco actually sort of almost bumped... almost
you should come.see me
Hey EagleHouse! Happy Friday and thanks for the follow!
"texting and walking is dangerous" yells man on street. Me: "I'm still doin it!" him: "looking fanTAStic doing it too"
The point is that he was standing next to me. He is short and fit and I am Shrek.
unreal i no longer have a pair of nikes in my possession....whos got some 10.5s lol! trade for some ballislife gear?
Beautiful weather for a H2S patio for happy hour!! See u there!!
Alright, I didn't watch True Blood until this week and I feel like I have a disease. Can't stop watching until I catch up.
Has enjoyed quite a productive Saturday despite the rain.
...EVERYthing is going grat for you, tom x
Our high respect for a well read person is praise enough for literature - T. S. Eliot
Kind of glad I'll be in Hawaii on May 18th!
Didn't get NEARLY as much accomplished as I wanted to.
Remember, I called it way back at 7:26pm!
TRAFFIC - Crash Hwy 21 @ 18th Ave in Adams County, all lanes blocked (NW of Friendship)
I feel a bit fatigued today to tell you the truth. But it was a fun three days! Did you see all your photos online?
lol. Well I think I seen a tweet similar to this one, when you were watching the office, well at least that was the excuse.
Whoa there. If I'm treating you like shit with THIS, then...I don't even know. Go home if you need to.
Hi Abby. Have a great weekend.
btw, they were doing repairs that we requested. if things arent in order when we get home hell will be raised.
>>>lol u.need to stop taken shit in peoples back yard
Wish I could be there! Record some videos :)
maybe instead of occupying wallstreet we should occupy congress, i heard they have better bathrooms
My prayers go out to everyone in japan right now
E! Entertainment Special on dramatic weight loss. Expected to see on there!
Yes.... I'm so happy you hate everything! #TweetOfTheDay yesterday!
Does anyone have a tmobile pohne, oor anything I can stick a sim card in, I can buy off them, my phone is acting crazy!
*Running an irritated hand through my hair* Fine. Yes, please.
Alice's Tall Texan is just an excellent name for a Houston beer joint.
how did that honey bee find it's way into this back office. good sign I think.
Hanging out with the dapper he just used the word
Can I make fun of your age and be totally jealous at the same time? cc
In Grand Rapids for two days of meetings. At some point, I'll get bCk to a very messy house.
The only two celebrities deaths that really got to me and hurt me was Bernie Mac and Whitney Houston R.I.P
check your fbook msgs. phones texting and calling is shut down<3
I have discovered how to maximize my business effectiveness from a wonderful personal development program! Ask me
Okay school, can you be over now please?
wait is something going on with voter ID, or are you just getting yourself into I much needed political discussion?
Glad to see my true friends coming out..
Focusing on singling out the best daily deals for you at Savetodaycentral.com! Some great deals in OKC today.
This current crop of superstars can't Rock the mic like the guys of old.
Season Subscriptions are available beginning Tuesday, September 21.
Go Brew Crew!!
- birthday , in a few hours ( ;
To each his,or her, own. Not everyone loves every place. Glad you gave it a try.
I saw a cat on a leash in a coffee shop today.
thank you! Xo
RIP whitney
#BoshSpice is Out indefinitely ! I'm liking that ... hope its true !!!
Zumba Fitness is an exhilarating, effective, easy-to-follow, Latin-inspired, calorie-burning dance fitness-party tonight at 6pm Titans...
NBA players love going stylish/nerdy glasses post game (Carmello, LBJ, & DWade)
"you promise not to sleep with another woman, put jewelry on each other and dance." - Kimmel
Defensive Driving course complete!! Feeling so relieved right now. I think its time for a nap! I'm drained -___-
I had my last AP exam today! I'm so happy they are over!!! Now I just have to focus on graduation! ^.^
someone has hacked my twitter!
What a great day of baseball
Is he sweating?
Here with in science :p doing a test
Feeling a big 3rd quarter from Ray when he checks in...
I am ready to see the Hawks win the game tonight
they are free and sitting in front of me very hungry
i look at art before i sleep.
#Reading Andrew Witt's The Black Panthers in the Midwest (2007), study of Panther community progs that tries to counter usual demonization.
Because hit the nail on the head, I'm quitting the TV show on & just gonna read the books.
Just arrived home to find a box of advance reader copies of debut novel from
congratulations - a beautiful place to land among the lovely and elegant wines of california's past, and hopefully future.
Why can't I stop thinking about you?
TREE INFO- Most trees fail due to previously existing structural flaws-there are Certified Tree Risk Assessors that can indentify these
My mom thinks George Clooney is a good man, she hasnt considered how much anal sex hes had with girls in their early twenties.
Cookies & Cream bar. You are my world. <3 :D
to share what I learned at #NCSL with my YWLP mentoring group :D
- well figure out how to get Suppan a no hitter or something.
Discovery consists of looking at the same thing as everyone else and thinking something different. -Albert Szent-Gyorgyi
Doesnt anyone answer their phone anymore?
What we do stays between me and you.
thanks for the mention! Will be sure to post & mention you again tomorrow once the newsletter is out.
Thank you for the #ff shoutout. Happy weekend!
just a three-bedroom i believe.
You really deserve some kind of hometown mayoral recognition for your unwavering Bills and Sabres fandom all these years.
ready spaghetti
I thought the Heat were the best team in NBA history because they beat the Knicks in the first round, what happened?
RT "Do y'all know today is Marcus Books Day in Oakland? Support your community by occupying your local businesses."
that's very meta.
Today's going to be rough wish it was 6 already
From one Dowager Countess to the next: Luv Madge in #halftime spotlight & Maggie Smith at Downton Abbey
Going to watch youtube videos on how to learn sign language all night.
yeah but what is up
Congrats. UK played well and deserved it. This loss stings - I wanted this one badly. Enjoy Monday night.
it's bday
Happy bday Jake! RT:Happy Birthday to , the hardest working reporter on Capitol Hill. I still have jackets older than you.
Dear YouTube... I already preordered 's new album. My copy has shipped. So please let me watch 's videos! Thanks.
Sometimes I can't comprehend peoples ways of thinking.
So far 32 feels just like 31 but with a headache. Thanks ,
chicken teriyaki, no rice and m Hamachi Toro! :D I won't tell , or PROMISE
A5 Kenexa software, Boolean search (aka keywords!) Tailor resume for each app. Recommendations take top priority.
Don't know if you knew, but my grandmother, Willie Mae McEwen DeBerry, passed away Monday.
Fill in the blank: My favorite beauty magazine to read is _______________.
What's the word on returning to WI?
“: we learned on Fri. it's must see TV for half of our office. ” Let's do a Fri. lunch on why it's not.
A very busy few weeks to come, good planning is the solution here.
Going through Facebook timeline and seeing how obnoxious I used to be... Oh wait that's from last week.
These tracks sound so good! :'D Can not wait for you all to hear them! Get stoked! Spread the word! :)
Indeed she is! Glad you guys got connected. :)
And the Grammy for best snark of the night goes to...RT : Is playing with Foo Fighters part of Chris Brown's community service?
Good steal
what peer pressure can do to nice people these days.
no, it's obviously Barajas. “: josh hamilton is straight killin it!! best player in baseball”
kisses on the forehead are the cutest. <U+263A>
Just got back from taking my nephews and goddaughter to see hop. They loved it. Great cameo by
working all day till 7:30 D:
Box 2 is getting more expensive for new copies though. Used, a little cheaper.
Confucius says he who fucks in backyard knows peace on earth.
i'm stayin for ah lil bit so I can save up some money than i'm outta there
calm it down, just harmless playfulness
Goal for the next 48 hours - Never stop listening to "Sweater Weather." No kidding. Angels made this song.
Did you enjoy extreme rules?
I hate Glee yet I continue to watch it every week because I watched it from season 1. I just want these bitches to graduate so I can stop.
Your moms neck looks like turkey fat!
*Closes Window*
The NFL took away the Super Bowl in AZ in 1993 because AZ did not have an MLK Day. Since 1993 guess who is open on MLK Day? The NFL!
So my computer finally decided to Say "fuck you, i'm done". Now I need a new computer :(
Twitter is up! Now I can start networking with other journalists and expose all my members to capabilities of social media.
Waiting in the dressing room for my shining moment.
SHOUT OUT TO MY REALEST NIGGA
Congrats to the #Bruins for winning the Cup in 40 years (:
she then turned around and tried to sell me on her being an edu-ma-cated woman. #ICant with that ish.
RT "Courage isn't a skill, it's a decision. #Leadership"
It's go time! Number 8!
Thanks so much!!!
7 hrs? It would have to taste like pumpkin pie to drive that long...
I Was Kidding. But Seriously Were Going This Summer
We're serving up Arnold Power Cakes today: Whole Wheat Pancakes made with blueberries and granola.
Who will be Do Hwa's 200th Follower?
What do Brainiac p. 47 and Watson v. Ken & Brad Day 2 have in common? Didn't Watson read your book?
BUT ALL I WANT IS A SHAVE.
Just heard thunder here in Edmond
It's been a kinda morning.
Run done. Dinner eaten. Kitchen cleaned. Now what? What do I do with my free night?
Just sang my mom a song using only the #Achord on the guitar. Its the only one I am good at so far! Ha
Happy Friday!
I had a dream I was playing Barbies with some random guy from high school last night. Wonder what that means?
Gotta fine tune your Big Ten dialect: O How I Hate Ohio State
what's up
I need someone to talk to.
About to get hi lights tomorrow by :)
. I don't know about paying attention to whispers. Apparently said I was a fairy. Stupid little jerk.
I think my cat sheds as revenge for being neutered. It's a method of asexual production, like a fungus releasing spores.
I'm going to see tonight come hang out with me?! It's going to be one hell of a night celebrating my sistah's b-day! <3
I knew she was getting eliminated
Performing at One Eyed Jacks in Fairborn, Ohio this Wednesday W/S/G opener BLUE MOON SOUP!!!! Show starts at 9pm RAGE!!!!!!!!!!!
Would you/Do you advise any of your companies to use it?
Happy New Year!
1 good thing about death-you can take your secrets with you. morbid? true?
why is ovi bitching. he doesn't have a cup, therefore he has no room to bitch
if imma be there how can i do that? lol
Poppin bottles with at LAX! Thanks for an awesome night!
I feel so sick right now.
let's be honest, those dollar signs influenced his decision
's new mixtape soothing the soul on this rainy day.
I apologize, but none of your orifices are safe right now.
oops. got rid of that.
The more sinister question to ask is: what are the campaign donations buying?
Abundance is quality and not quantity.
Are you watching this?
Does anybody else miss Law and Order from the mid 90s?
great! one click less. instagram previews now directly in #newtwitter!
: clip of standing outside Nick & Bill's room holding up his stereo playing Hero.
No body's perfect; but your perfect to me.
I got the gold, wait even better...a jackpot!
Landed another summer job! Woo Summer Arts in the Park! Only 5 days!
Trying to plan spring break. Thinking Gatlingburg, TN. Where are you going/doing this for a spring break? We all need one.
People These Days Just Cant Decide.. Yes Or No!!
I doubt he's doing a ustream today. He's doing the photo shoot
AH! Can Wednesday come faster.!!! Super exited for #BoyzHitABDCagain! CAN'T WAIT!
Baby ima be ya boyfriend (;
If anything it is a great x-mas present for those soldiers families.
I'm coming down with something. First a sore throat and now I just woke up to vomit.
Eff the Honey Badger. He's a dirty playing little ass. He should be pulled out of the game.
I adore your music, thank you! Especially love 'Ragga' and your cover of 'The Old Dark Machine'.
wow you're here too lol it's so full xD!
just shoot for the stars!!!! <3
": Boy , If I Was A Homie Hoper , I Swea It Would One Heck Of A Thrill , Tehee ..." Lmao , I Know It Would .
I love people who text back instantly.
You killed what was left of the good in me. I'm tired so let me be broken.
Angrey In The Booth studio!!!!! # magic
Trivia Tonight! 8PM!!
hey, and check out the new online identity that is helping me create :-)
how's the west coast treating you?
better speak English cuhh
Fact.....RT : weak rapping is widely accepted. Shame on all those responsible for this epidemic.
Confession9: i only call girls hoes that act like hoes
Cool! Thank you. :) I'll tune in.
well i guess that its official thatvno one o. twitter likes me anymore
This is the final day! Come check out the incredible student work before we close! Our doors are open until 5 PM.
Sharpen the lathe. Mill seeds into trees of bread loaves. Share crumbs of the table to illuminate your world.
forgot to mention me there sunshine
I asked my niece what I should wear tomorrow. She sat and thought about it and then "Green".
Not sure what's up at #dca this morning...longest security lines I've seen and it's not even 6am yet!
no way I was there last night! You should have told me!
that means a lot coming from you missy.
yep pretty much now cards and jets and titans a no go from this point plus they not good anyways like playoff teams
Happy Thanksgiving to all!
is it on PearTunes?
No doubt about it man, work hard but smart. The team is going to need you this year man.
As it's growing everyday, hundreds of thousands of people are joining it
Tomorrow Is Jason And Sarah's Birthdayy!!! Imma Celebrate At Home And School!! :D
Only trust thyself, and another shall not betray thee. - William Penn
Loving the rain!
There is a bandaid for everything. Ones with Iron Man and Hello Kitty battling to the death.
“: UMass will play Drexel, in CAA final Saturday at 7 p.m.” the Bruiser Flint Invitational
Life’s a beach, and we’re definitely ok with that. You know what we mean?
": Most of the shows on MTV should really be called "Why you should go to college.""
Very busy these days...want 2 reach out & say hello-busy being a #bosschicks without micromanaging! I have the #1 team on earth!
congrats to you guys!!! Great leadership = great reward. Blessings
Many, many, MANY thanks to for the spot on our food drive! Don't forget to catch Mark & Mercedes on !
Jj's Island bar Friday and Saturday evening 10-1AM Frenchman Esplanade with KC trio. Jazzfm toronto as my guests on Sat w/ Tom McDermott.
In Music Meeting David Gray “Stella The Artists” dreamy, like I wanted to go to sleep
wisdom teeth out November 16th
cheers, thanks for the mentions!
Chill out 2 straight months of over 300 pages? If I wanted to read a book I would.
Le sigh. Well, come back soon! :-) And hello, Siri.
So lucky! I'm sure it went well! #3 of 4 on Monday & am sure 3rd graders will be great! Spent afternoon sharpening pencils.
4 cheese pizza with cheesy crust in the oven. It was crazy I saw a diogornos commercial, thought to myself Ive never had one. N wtf we had 1
I feel like tweeting you something funny, but I have nothing amusing to say, so....................... Penis. K. Bye.
The mint makes it first, it is up to you to make it last. Esar, Evan
that looks incredible! can I come with?
I'm with you, I go in cycles and I've been off weed for like 6 months. Just not the thing right now, got to do your own thing
late, but I'm in the PST time zone so not too bad. Just finished my last final!
thanks for the retweets last week! Keep keepin it real!
time for you to get an ps3
Ganna cook sum hamburgers lets see how this turns out D:
Its pageant war! #rhinestonegalore RT : no one wants to enter a stupid pageant def not guys
More snow in PA!!
Make up your mind or I'm out.
Blessed in abundance.....
wants Cold Stone Creamery
Tomorrow is the last full day I'll see my Fuzzy Rose FluffBall D: D: D;
-- You would have an account named AyMoney44... Have fun upnorth!
and summer will not come 4 those not in attendance!!
Group hugs & free love in the Clippers locker room.
slow motion is better than no motion. nonetheless, going well. yours?
YEAH YEAH
Proud to be the best man I can be!! Having a great morning!! Looking forward to an even better day, got a few things to do then its
recording all day
I say this all the time.. BTW Heeyy Alison lol ": I use to give a fuck.....now I give a fuck less."
Man, a dude really *can* say a lot in 140 characters or less! ;)
I'm like the Borg Queen. I assimilate all the new drones.
always very clean, staff friendly
RT : #AmericanCraft great times tonight. Looking forward to
crazy night at Tavern 99!! Thx to everyone who came to show support!!
Happy Birthday Dave! Dave is Birchcrest's Owner & President and all around fantastic guy - Please wish him a great day!
I'll be on at 7:35am discussing today's #Detroit Veterans' Benefits Fair as well as the current state of the city.
That's great to hear! Thanks. Good luck to you as well.
: Hey Bez, I was suppose 2 be there - had a personal ma
#Icantstand people who cant hold their liquor
It's #NationalPuppyDay ! In honor we're giving a big #FF to &
Your Awesome bro.
“: If speeches and memoirs created jobs then would be Ronald Reagan.” The Don Strikes Again.
I was just about to tweet about Emil. Your move, creep.
Bummed that Jonathan Grudin will be giving a talk here in Bloomington while I'm out in Seattle. goo.gl/lN19B
Just finish my part in da movie on da way to da crib
Thanks. We're looking forward to it. Trying to plan just the right meal around it :)
good morning! happy Friday :) quiet crowd today...
Drunk one direction is the best one direction I really don't care what you think
We just got off the Allure of the Seas and loved it. What is your favorite cruise ship out there and why?
In Sydney tonight, loving time with old friends and my HOME state!!!
Morning Shame(In My DaWayne Voice)
“We develop more emotional maturity if we play more. We develop better decision-making ability if we play more.” ~Steve Keil from TEDTalk
Your kids are very nice! We are happy to have them here! RT : My kids are working hard with me
Just did the "push against the doorframe with your arms" magic trick. Still feels really cool afterwards
is listening to football on ESPN, thinking about homework, and loving my fresh new blog. Let's say, I see me winning an award for this one.
Right?! RT Working moms spend 10 hours more/week multitasking than working fathers. b.globe.com/tCjbYW
My next hobby is going to be sleeping! Starting in August ...
The nasty
sounds like perfection!
You need someone who can remember for you or a calander : ) either or ! RT My short term memory is terrible..
Everything is a disease to lil wayne...
Thx Garrett, I sent you a FB email. I hope you will check out the book. Its awesome! \m/!
Yes! Time faster by 5 minutes!!!!
this week got away. Let's shoot for next week.
okay okay! I promise this time I see you I'll say hi :]
I just had my 4x6 Postcard Printed at ClubFlyers.com Use the Promo Code WELCOME to get 10% off all of your Printing needs www.clubflyers.com
Best online boutiques for the #curvygirl? Go!
Tigers. Italian Food. Not in that order. Come eat. Cadillac Sq. & Bates. Downtown Detroit. #food truck
This is what I have in mind for my bday July 31st: either ride Amtrak Hiawatha Line or Metra NCS Line to Antioch and back.
I think I have ADHD. I can't concentrate in school or where there is a lot of noise
The bats come alive in the 9th!
RT The miracle is not that we do this work, but that we are happy to do it. Mother Teresa
word up
just landed in New Orleans-laissez les bon temps roulez
Job Tip: Take the time to customize your cover letter for each job you apply for. The extra effort will pay off!
Well, I'll be at ARMA12 too, but I meant #ARMA11! See you there!
Oh, I See you like Roc. *your username* XD
great talk from and at - talking about being humble on arab spring & knowing when to cut the baby's arm off
but people are afraid to love :(
It's not a bad show though
You AND Beverly Cleary AND Gladys Taber. An 'embarrassment of riches' for readers on this day. Many Happy Returns!
WHAT? That's profoundly annoying. Libraries should know better.
This was literally the most inconvenient time for me to get sick just w h y
I wish he'd actually believe me :/
Wished I had something to do tonight<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
It was pretty weak that you had to use that glass to hit Vern when you guys got in each others faces. That's a bitch move.
I've got all the money I'll ever need, if I die by four o'clock.
Stay tuned for details on how to win VIP seats to the Sugar Ray concert on December 10th!
I drench my clothes in Axe body spray and then I don't shower, like ever. Minimal effort with maximum results.
shit i typed in *hoot goot* i meant *hoot hoot*
I'm scared and alone in this new twitter world. What a rookie.
Why am I asking all these rhetorical questions!?
just saw that new kevin bacon commercial for gator-aid..lmao na na na na boo boo
so how many classes are u planning on taking in fall?
Hey michael well we got a puzzle to solve now dont we?
And I get off an #airplaneofskinnyjeans in Austin
A girl just called another girl a walking STD while waiting for the bus. This generation is screwed..
oops tweeted from the wrong account - i will let my friend know -
All eyes on Kobe
Finally took a break from home reno and had a fun, sinful outing with visiting family: gambling and casino buffet-ing. I am $60 richer.
CUTE ANGLE SKATER GIRL CHIY MAGINY
": I can't wait to see the new store!! I need to check it out" Can't wait to show you all of the fab new items!
It's better to be a master of a few things than to be meager in many things.
get used to it man! they dont call it the "Frozen Tunda" for nothin!
First business Meeting of the Year returning to the GloTV Family to edit 2 new original shows, be on the lookout folks, its gonna be hot!!!!
Bettering Myself Daily !
SWAG PUPPY!
I'm loving the fact that this tournament is at North Quincy instead of Vermont #win :)
If you're into health and medicine, you must follow ! Best future doctor I know!
How tall is Cee Lo?
Ugh can't think straight :/
time to knock out
Read an interesting article about neilhimself in the New Yorker on the Logan to Jfk leg of the trip.
Bad break...but the Pack can still do this. There's still a whole half left! We all want 1/2 off drafts & dumplings!
Someone told me I look like the lead singer of INXS today. Not really certain how I should take that...
They haven't even said..not sure to be honest..I'd guess maybe 6pm or 8pm?
Sam p biatch
Ronald Reagan is no Ronald Reagan
what are the details for #TxLA12 Battledecks?
I'm staring at the sun yet rain is hitting the window... What?
Lol yes she followed me
Great & my day just got worse... -.-t Thanks mother..
Glad you enjoyed! RT : Saw West Side Story last night at the #NJPAC. Stellar performance. You leave humming/singing the songs haha.
Tomorrow my current middle age white women trend will be to walk like I have a hollow leg. And goodnight Las Vegas. I'm here all week.
It's on USA, I will look soon. Promise! :D Still need to catch up on PLL first! How's work going?
Or perhaps just hide these options from us layman... Thanks for checking on this.
Followed you :{) Follow me back? I am trying to get to 3,000 followers too :) Much Love!
Huge thanks to and for their great talks today.
note to self...the words "you got any cheap Cab" brings out the sweats in bulk juice sellers in California.
I used to have so many guy friends last year. Where did they all go? I miss them. :/
seriously needs to play email / blog / thank you card catch-up, but all she wants to do is catch-up on sleep in the city that never sleeps!
It was surprisingly impressive, substantive, & enriching! I removed my earplugs to listen! He was well-prepared!
This sucks.
That is insane!
a car just flipped on top of another car on 1960...
whats it called ? (=
Please make a dark GF. I so miss Abyss & Obsidian Stout but can't do gluten anymore. Your GF NWPA is good but I love dark.
Wishing you all a Happy Thanksgiving!
funny how I wince at the thought of paying more than a dollar for an avacado but was fine paying $13 for guacamole!
Congrats to Dr. Victor Cabrerra, integrated UW-Madison faculty in Dairy Science - recipient of the Pound Extension Award!
reading about start-ups for collaborative networks of doctors & patients; seems inevitable but not anticipated by security/privacy regs
is busy as hell right now. 11 people in the cast today! i hate when shows try to bring in new characters to keep it fresh.
ha Nevermind I got it //;
leave this place. NOW.
Researchers claim quantum computer breakthrough
haha yeah x
Spicy California roll and Arabiki pan... Yum!!! :)
I am thrilled David Wright can't get hit! No need to sacrifice our DW so Grenke can get his kicks
I KNOW!! So they should be better than you, who knows English as a second language! :P
what are you doing at this time at night riding buses?!
did u make a face like zayn? Lol
Ah, awkward interactions between guests and employees.
Introduced the kids to #threeamigos this weekend. "Oh great! Real bullets!"
Who are all of these people? The wait at Diner in Williamsburg tonight at 10p was 20-25 minutes. Left & had Dumont burger instead.
Love is the beauty of the soul.
Patriot PAY payroll software is now available for employers in Montana & Nevada.
But its just as easy to make me smile -_- hm
Dear French people - God you make good pastries
I wish blogger would notify me via e-mail when I have comments to be moderated before I moderate them as opposed to after.
I will stand on a street corner at night for my fix like some sweets-hooker! 24 hr #cupcake ATM
that used to be my type though at 0_o...thank you Lord for stoopinngg that traiinnn
This thanksgiving the family's picking sides and dressing the part! pilgrims or indians?
Hi Louis, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
never in a million year did i think i would feel this way only wish you
nice! Love it!
i followd i both so follow bak
Crazy day of tracking a new theme song for Squidbillies w/
Polyester Nylon Briefcase Messenger Bag with Detachable Shoulder - polyester messenger bags
Extremely insightful! Executive Onboarding: The Key to Accelerating Success and Reducing Risk in a New Job, by in
lots of great design talent at the Columbia College theater showcase!
sadly, you're right
A phone with a twitter app. One step closer to living in the 21st century!
Okay, so like I was running to tell my cousin overseas that Cody's Punk'D commercial was out and I slipped on my tiles :/
wow really? Bummer dude :(
Is your account hacked? I'm getting spam messages from you.
. having a good morning? We've got an open house at 11. Realator has done nothing to promote it.
Andrew Ference and Chris Kelly will share the A this season. Countdown to game time... 5.5 hours!
I will end u
RT : I need to get tattooed like soon.. anyone know a dope artist in the Los Angeles area?
It's a bid system.
I think Justin's new song is different and catchy <U+2665> #BOYFRIEND >>>>>
"A dreamer lives for eternity." -Unknown
Some girls are just so stupid sometimes
Why are there ads against on the TV in Chicago when has already won #Illinois? Now that's wasting money!
for Tedrow's class the first 5 pages of our litterary term thing is due
Orson Welles's lost Heart of Darkness screenplay performed for the first time: Orson Welles's audacious adaptati..
Music industry executive Bob Mercer, who signed the Sex Pistols while at EMI and marketed hit-single compilation albums, has died at 65.
Horrible day to start off spring break!
Was there a recent outbreak of #gingervitis?
There's a 95% chance you're going to end up co-managing a motel with her skeleton.
lmao...I'm sorry. I sincerely thought something was burning...
you know I'm playin everyone knows all the weights in yo head! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
it's 'coon mating season. Be happy for them.
what what..
Heading to Tunica soon for final WPO tourney. Let's do this
Thundersnow in Rogers Park! V glad not stranded outside like those poor suckers on the Drive.
wants you to think about that smell when you leave wet clothes in the washer for days. That's what the guy next to her in class smells like.
Not at all! You're a good man and a good father ... a winner!
good luck chica! I'm sending you and dearborn good vibes!
what's the hashtag for today's mobile talk at #MIT ??
Tonight we are young, so let's set the world on fire, we can burn brighter then the sun. <U+2764>
I want to be someones valentine! D; FML.
Things going better. Now I only demand wings. And fire.
we'll need to set a date soon to get together. hows your hip doing?
All of the sadness in the world; cheapest beer in Decatur.
HATE WHEN A FEMALE TXT "WHATS GOOD" "WHAT U ON" THAT SHIT AINT LADY LIKE
is excited for Spring Break.
Community gardens framed as path to citizenship. Learn a virtuous skill at a difficult time, transition to settled life w/ house & garden.
So true bro/// RT : She only carries what you pour into her life. If she's not fruitful, check what you're pouring.
QoTD: "Although the tongue weighs very little, few people are able to hold it." (Unknown)
Where to? A distant corner of our great country with a sick (now well) kid take-home.
I wouldn't enjoy managing the Yankees if you're staring being down 3-1 in the ALCS in the face
I understand your anger. It's nice to meet you I am javony haha. Getting darren to tweet me once is on my bucket list I need it.
This day would truly be nice if I were able to stream green and gold today on my flight
Confirmed. We love em, usually... RT yep, I'm on dreamhost and pretty sure is too.
rt : My favorite dunk was Derrick Williams' touching tribute to Raymond Felton on the last one (1-for-8)
surliness suits you :) and i think my coping skills are enjoying what day light savings brings in the evening: beer+patios.
Yo I'm bout to KILL this track for you! Get ready
My #apologies, Niama. I'm #Robert. And, I can't stand for folks to call me #Richard. Never could.
About to get in the shower.
I really dig #NYC the action & electricity is second to none (Vegas is a different animal). But I love that Dirty Water #Boston your my home
Just found my new way to avoid work:
hey buddies, are you feeling the winter blues? I am. advice on getting through them?
I'm surrounded by beautiful intelligent people who are two steppin', laughing, and having fun.... I don't want it to end
TROGLODYTE: (prehistoric) person who lived in a cave; a person who is regarded as being deliberately ignorant or old-fashioned. ||
does wanting to drink a glass of wine before work make me an alcoholic or a fun loving drunk?
& matte paintings, puppets/animatronics, make-up & other analog effects..
GUYS: when you cheat on your girl...you're gonna meet another girl named KARMA.
seems wrong that they'll keep making decisions for the district...I'd hope they'd take leave from the board while investigated.
Yeah. Probably. :)
yes sir ;)
"Schools out for Summer".... Now What!? Join Accolade Fitness for the summer with our "Student Summer Special". Memberships are valid...
John Kruk by far makes the best show going
See also: I-69 every day between 4-6 (but that construction really sucks now). RT Yup, I-69 is a parking lot
Tonight is half priced bottles of wine! Every bottle is half off! Come grab a bottle and sit on our beautiful patio!!!
going to a fancy restaurant
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: 12 piece Kitchen tool set, normally $19.99 yours FREE with $30 purchase! (Riverwest)
Its funny when you yell lololol
Fun: playing hide & seek. Not fun: playing hide & seek with my keys, & I'm not the one hiding
Your a bigger hoe thn i thought. Can't trust you around any of my friends can I?
re: last tweet, deadline to request a runoff is noon on Thursday
; back to sleep i go <U+270C>
“: There's a story at the bottom of this bottle and I'm the pen.”
Helluva season tigers, cant b mad .. No shame in losing in ALCS... Cant wait for opening day!!
I need to be a better spanglish writer!!
anyone have an opinion on reiki they'd like to share?
Excellent questions by the way. =)
why do you suddenly hide my taskbar? that is taking "maximizing" a bit too far!
I love you , love your body , your lips , your hair everything on you . *awww
Sweet! There it is! Now, can I use basic rename / mv command to give it a better title?
Let me know if you need help with that girl! :)
like Reggie bush wanting to lead the league in rushing?
We can't wonder on and on. And if it takes me the rest of my life to be by your side, I'll do it for you. <3
My brother got the Winning Game ball from his baseball game! Yeah!.
Avenue Q taught me that last one.
You don't have to worry about me sexing your daughter! Um rude ppl.
picosos has the best green chili and more dine in,takeout,or have delivered look us up on yahoo picososmexicanfood.com
It is so hot in my room
Buying Strength Finders, suggested in a HR group I am in.
OH "we're making the solutions to problems that no one has"
I guess I will see the new TT soon!
@ @ @ @ thank you my friend. hope you're feeling better!
Some connection to earlier victims, and most ended their lives without warning-some right after assuring others they would never do it."
Done bein' a hater.. Just focusing on me from here on out.
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead way to stay classy, twitter. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Today is #thanksfornothing day!
indeed you can! send us a note at and we'll have it sorted out for you!
it would be a really long drive from Minneapolis
Not to mention Software Defined Networking will obliterate their business model. Reminds me of circa OS/2 IBM.
when you smile, i smile <3
We would love to see that!
I broke into the autopsy room after the coroners left, and ate one of his fingers. Now I can assume his form.
When's the big day?
Arizona in Chile
nice avatar switch. Congrats on hokey pokey
Portugal. The Man
Back at work making some greens!
Awesome discovery of the day: I can use to request ILL from from on-campus computers. So easy!
voted bro
Describe the feeling when you are playing your best...in one word #growthe game
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com##
dude, we're doing fucking 'locomotive breath', duh.
yes, I'm ok. Scratched my rim. But I'm ok.
What is your #vision, what drives you to fulfill it, what are you doing about it? #leadership SeanLetwat
i saw rosbergs moment,no graphics in the US just sights and sounds
Wonder certainly plants a seed that slowly germinates.
what you guys up to? Save me!
yes I am :( and yes you should come visit me!! I would love that :)
Have you seen our new Gift Cards? They're the perfect gift for Valentine's Day and they work at the 13th Floor too!
i have to go pee but i dont want to leave the computer :O
Just filled out my bracket. I got the #packers winning another championship.
can you follow me
Overheard in the line @ Starbucks: "I dont know what they put in it but their coffee always makes feel kinda high."/It's caffeine, you wuss!
Watched #MidnightinParis with #owenwilson. Pretty cool movie tho I'm not a huge fan of Woody Allen.
Okay I'm going to try this falling asleep thing again.
your like the center of attention hahaha im happy now i found pizza thanks for the offer though ;D
oh god
Congrats to all of the people who are graduating today !!!
TGIF! Why did this week seem so long?
He is hardcore out there, totally love that though. Not even a Florida fan but thats a coach right there!
Damn him old jerk! Thinking highly of himself.
Slow ppl grind the eff out of my gears!!!
Finished regular season 27-10. Not too shabby. Now on to the World Series starting Monday!
I was thinking conference organizers should ask attendees upon registration their gender and size for accurate t-shirt orders.
Seriously Sheila? Turn off the music. Put down the popsicle and write your goddam book.
lets talk
hell ya we do
One day a year is ridiculous, but at least it reminds us to celebrate our goddesses: Happy Int'l Women's Day!
You are so right! :-)
playoff hockey & ...
Singing all day.
get better soon ;)
i'm voting 'unacceptable.' office life is inherently non-funny.
Rachel's going to sleep. goodnight<3
RT : SOA is not dead, but has become an underlying set of principles and technology that drives IT trends such as Cloud Computing.
when's a good time?
oh yea:D
Missing two stepping with my boyzz light up the cell guyzzzzz
Know from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing isn't to stop questioning.
ok thanks bro ^_^ I love you
Follow me on instagram please and thank you.
Couple of Duke players wearing Jordan's today - don't remember seeing that before.
The moment when you do something for money and the people run off and you NEVER see them again! Is it just me or does it happen to everyone?
I dig it. I will bring that to Chicago.
Thanks! Couldn't have done it without your support :) RT : Congrats on an awesome Shop Your Values Week!
Until you've had one you don't know. Unless you've lived without options you should just shut up. You should just shut up!
Interesting dynamic with World Peace now. People want to take 1 step to kinda, sorta defend him, but not 2. Image rehab like 90% complete.
Jessica Sanchez right now >>>> <3
Can't sleep, but Twitter ain't helping. Two's
: Can't u pitch? You'd be better than the idiots I have to warm up every day
okay i will make sure i do that
uhoh email link didn't work. Can you DM the right one?
We dont have one this year but we have a bunch of new photos & wallpapers on kings.com! Keep an eye out for the new SKD poster!
thanks brother
That one isn't even funny.
Just spoke directly to Capt. Clark of the 4th Precinct...She's on it...Let me know if there is no improvement.
BLESSINGS TO YOU AS WELL
oh man that's so ringing. Great.
What did you think of the go go Panthro arms in the last #ThunderCats ?
Yeah I <3 the iPhone 311 app for "street art" removal.
Shout Out To All The Real DJS and Real Music Industry Lovers...Ita A hard Job But some one has to do it,,,,StreetRadioMag
Morning Dude! :)
: And another thing. While I was at GEPD I overheard GE employees mocking a citizen's feedback. Appalling.
Goodness is the only investment which never fails. H. Thoreau
DTS Brings Premium Audio to BYD Vehicles - SYS-CON Media (press release)
Hell, UK be perfect, He get to start and get to play for the best coach at getting players drafted high
Grt summary RT : Panel on balancing privacy by design & app innovation. Iterate & correct mistakes fast, earn trust as you go
remember them days when me and was at them purdue camps
A bloody Mary makes doing taxes marginally less painful.
I over love my best friend, my sister, my ace.. When you cry I cry too!
Everyday more & more this boy shows how immature he is ... So sick of it all!
if it's yellow let it mellow, if it's brown flush it down?
RT : I don't understand how torrents work, but feel free to download and spread my film. I won't sue you. I promise....
Never lose sleep over something that isn't worth staying awake for.
never that.
Every #REAL belieber should get a chance to see in concert, right?
A thing of beauty, and counterintuitive.
no no no that's Aubrey.
Me and Lupe got a song comin out called "The L's with No L's" .. Peep game
so far, open
I didn't realize not dying meant i had to live with the constant reminder of how much it cost to save my life. I should've died.
But all I want to do is play guitar...
Woke up to such a pretty sight! Snow everywhere!
These papers are going to be the death of me
Finally just watched #blackswan .. ahh sketchhhyy now can't sleep, unwinding with E news
Seeking focus study participants in Philadelphia for discussing an upcoming invention at Bashpole. I'll provide lunch or drinks, 1 hour max
#theconfusioncomesin when parents have different views on right and wrong
If you could “call a holiday,” what would it celebrate? What would you name it?
I just adore and love big titted reindeer!
After yesterday's commute I grinned with glee to board happy/crazy singing driver's bus today. Haven't seen him in a while, sorely missed!
Why should they? Not necessary to waste resources that way. SSP does only sell from its own site though. A + step imho
Who is the best summertime band?
I hope you have more pubes than facial hair...
Just heard the Brian McKnight track,I say release it.Need some more baby making music out ,trey fell off on his last cd.Need tha ready bak!
when is break?
I had my lil brother & sister cracking up
WATCHING YOU GUYS NOW ON YOUNOW !
I was going to be the next Asian-American basketball phenom, but then I took an arrow to the knee #toosoon?
Hassli deserves a second card. He's an idiot that thinks way to much of himself. Do you really think you can kick a guys leg on a header?
So much for Abe's legendary honesty rubbing off on people - I just fell for a horrible archival-related hoax & am sad its not true :(
Thankful my house didn't float away in the rain we got last night. That was an intense storm.
Yes. If you would like to do that, you can.
if only it was St Patrick's day still and it would be socially acceptable to randomly throw up on people
Has anyone tried the Dorito taco at Taco Bell yet?
the fuck how are you Dominican and can't speak spanish? YOUR A FUCKING DISGRACE
honestly, I'd prefer Jason or Thomas
Running out of all my make up and having no money to buy anymore, goodbye social life.
And you will try to do what you did before, pull the wool over your eyes for a week or more
Last few days remind me why I want to be in Florida...just need to sell a million books, donate my winter gear and I'm ready to head south!
Still haven't paid parking ticket from last year's Film Criticism in Focus conference. Regardless, not sure I can make tomorrow's.
Glad you like them. RT : Wow! I just saw the #AmericanU new HD television ad! Very cool!
thank u
Thank you!
let's ride. Nice leather seats new car sent tint... N so much more. U can also twitter while it's n cruise control ;)
When I first got my driver's license, gas was $0.59/gal. Now I'm happy to see it at $3.10.
i am watching the news. 12news is my fav news station....
Very cool, keep us posted with some pics :)
Rip Ryan Dunn
Been waiting with my boyfriend at Cedars Sinai so long they have taken his vitals twice. Ridiculous.
thanks for the follow. Email is ..launching soon.
Watched "P.S. I Love You" last night... and am still recovering emotionally 12 hours later.
Tebow to the Jets?? ouch!
LOL!! Eventually he'll run out of steam.
Today ain't goin hurt but 2mmrow I gotta go to akien graduation WALLACE YU DID IT BABY BOIII I'M SO PROUD OF YU
I just want to go back to when things weren't so complicated..
Happy Easter to all! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0> I hope it was a blessed day.
you know a girl is hurt when she starts ignoring you. - Drake <3
Recording an EP tomorrow!
#IWouldDoAnythingFor you to follow us on Twitter!
I'm usually a bit iffy on talking work at work parties, but I guess it's alright if that's your passion
do you guys have a game this weekend?
Richie Havens - Nobody Left To Crown - 07:27 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Dear Mother Nature, Sorry about the thermostat comments but you didnt have to show whos boss with this tornado stuff. Jeeezzzz.
i would recommend jeremiah @ labou - if he calls today, he can get the cut for $25! 206.264.7901
Wife is "pan frying" some steak. I want to kill myself.
I just wanted to clear that up, but whatever, I tried.
Thinking of converting faith ?
#Thunder make the #Lakers look old...
Happy New Years Everyone.......and Happy Anniversary to the best parents a guy could ask for!!
just grinding. Taking a sec to do ths family thing this weekend
Please follow me ! I'm a #loyal Directioners :DD
is on breaking down #Bills-#Raiders Sunday at The Ralph. 222-6000
I wanna go back to hawaii so bad
Things that are confusing: hearing 's dulcet tones on the phone or in Council chambers.
Niggas killn ova j's???.....Smdh. grow tha fuck up and stack ur cake up and buy them....bum ass niggas like that gets no love from me (-_-)
ok, will do!
#Xfactor, go Melanie!
I FOLLOW BACK! EVERY SINGLE ONE.
we've been without power here in Carrollwood for over an hour. What's up?
Raising teenagers is like nailing Jello to a tree.
looks so beautiful on Jay Leno tonight! Love her.
oh look, someone made a time lapse movie from the ride last night. It’s fast but gives a good sense.
I'ma ask my mama if I could get them this summer, I really want them so bad!!!!
. welcome to twitter!
I miss my baby. Why do you gotta be so far away ?
Just finished loading in at Reno's Chop Shop in Dallas. Come join us for beers!
Ugh i forgot my phone at home!! i feel LOST! :( lol
All of those presenters are firecrackers as scholars AND as teachers!
There's something in a simple hug That always warms the heart, It welcomes us back home And makes it easier to part ~Johnny Ray Ryder, Jr.
The Mind Creatures FREE at 529 in East Atlanta Sunday the 14th! 10 o clock. Guest list only so hit me up! HOLLA
thank you!
Sounds awesome!!! Send me a link with some info. Would love to check it out! :)
Hello Thanks for following back..Looking forward for your tweets! *cheers*
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 45
no u cannot! That ones mine! ;) lol. Jk
i am still waiting for your replay please let me know and please answer my question. i want to buy this unlock
Wasn't born with money, but I be birthing it
quit apologizing! Damnit man it's racing!
My heart dropped, my stomach turned 360, and I almost cried. I don't want anything to happen to you <U+2764>
always is. I might come through tomorrow
yes please
Question: are you regretting your nautical star tattoo yet? Cause I still don't regret not getting one.
I accept that!
What's there to do in Ft.Myers? We will be there tomorrow.
#JustBeingHonest but I really want 1d tickets to the Oakland show on jun 14 for me and
just finished a wonderful day at the Phillips and Nasar Abaday at the Atlas.... MORE THIS WEEK!!!!! www.dejazzfest.org
"Its better to have loved than to have not loved at all"
Has anyone else ever had that?
ah, I get it now. You meant you only know 2 guys who like shoujo. Lol @ got totally confused.
We're in love with the thought of being in love.
Call him a plumber I like the way he pipe it!!
Does the #newTwitter taste the same? Is the old Twitter now ClassicTwitter?
In Chicago for ALA Executive Board Orientation & Meetings-Long days & much work,all a great honor & also serious responsibility.Wish me luck
I Love Your Tweets! It Would Really Make My Day If You Followed Me Back :)
It's bowl selection time
Had tickets to zac brown.... But winning like that is
Let those of us who remember the true sabbath keep this commandment today and do nothing until sundown.#REST!
Why does it make me angry when I'm up late enough to see, "Last Call with Carson Daly"
It's really hard to keep it in your pants when you're not wearing any..
Just delivered Skydottir samples to in #Bothell. If this is your 'hood, let them know you want epic cookies!
Thinks either copious amounts of booze or vicodin would be much appreciated at the moment. Damn spinal tap.
Bleeh.. Bus service to javits sucks. Even if select.
Ha, which is why I'm confused on why you and alot of other UL fans were "cheering for UK today?"
Pray to Jobs they know how to do this. But if not them, who?
finally figuring out how to use twitter properly, after all these years!
GOOD:D
Send flowers and/or care package and have a Skype date! RT : Any ideas on what to do if your Mom is far away??
I asked?
Come over please !
Oooohhh!! Remind me closer to the date. I'd love to come see you!
I hope everyone who goes to prom has a blast tonight but be safe!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083> #HaveFun<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
1D may be a hot new band,but i will NEVER stop beeing a true ICONiac . i will alwayz love the ICONic Boyz,nothing will ever come in my way .
New #Swankey website launching any day now... Stay tuned friends and fans! We're so excited!
Lmbo RT : I thought Ice Berg Slim died already?
do you think I can get some for less than $300?
If your product or service is in short supply, customers will often see it as more valuable.
Went to show today. Biz Markie & were great. Then met and , co-authors of !
looks like lakers are goning to win ;)
Welcoming & (to name a few) for #winetasting. Cheers mates!
I haven't even taken drivers ed.
Wished you follow me, Paul ;/
Thank you Anne!
Have you gotten the chance to buy a copy of The Pinch at AWP? The current issue of the Pinch is 7 dollars & back issues are $3! See Booth F3
Eh.....H5 & H7 trof still well west of New England tonight. Doubtful.
Soap and Spa Bath Bombs are now in stock. Two sizes to chose from. Large $6.45 and Jumbo $7.45 come by 1720 Juan Tabo NE Suite E
wishes a very happy 26th birthday!
Researching your family tree can lead you to many different treasures. Learn how @ www.myfreegenealogy.com
: thanks for the shoutout!
i like where your head is at
I hope the new MBP's come when the Apple Store goes back up. And they better be Retina. And have SSDs. And make sandwiches.
Congratulations to #Virginia on their dramatic 9th inning comeback today. Welcome back to #Omaha and the
are you high? Yes, it happened.
Can't believe your dad took the shark high-five photo. So awesome! Pinned to my Pinterest board a few weeks ago. Amazing!
She said she was riding the bus & I told her she better hurry & get ready. She said she was ready. You'll see what I mean.
I saw that you said you were raised catholic. Me too. It's that whole evil & possession thing & it happening.
This is true. Once you export your document, you'll need to format it properly in word. It's easy though.
Hello back and thank you for the warm welcome ; )
Lobby Tonight!-5PM in Annapolis. Speak up for offshore wind, clean water and a trash-free Maryland. E-mail for details.
Good debate with haha
#GoTribe Roll tribe thursday
sorry for your lost! Keep your head up n know that he's in a better place now !
why you ain't come to school?
Greatest day ever!!
Don't text while you drive...it will only make you a worse driver
I <3 this guy
Getting smart on machine learning and recommendation engines. w00t!
How was everyone's weekend??
first time I have been hungry in four days and what am I craving? Chili cheese fries. Yummy cure for a hangover
Bye Bye twitter deleting u later
My mom and her boyfriend are taking this too far. My life is not in danger, calm down..
Speed Likely Factor In Kauai Motorcycle Crash: Kauai police say a motorcycle driver from Kilauea lost control of h
Me too! I am super excited! I am really sorry about last weekend though. I really wanted to hang with you and Yas!
Excellent news!
With my dad and brother travel to decorate family's graves in Clay County for Memorial Day weekend. Widen first then to Groves Creek.
Sure, I'll add your info.
Can U Do Me A Favor And Help Me Get More Followers
Looking forward to some big hits next year, Shaq! RT Husky nation
Earth Day offers plenty of freebies
I like taking black and white photos, because they always make my teeth look super white.
#ThatOnePersonWho cries for attention
I also had a dream where Louis complemented me on how smooth my legs are.. LOLWUT
Rain , rain go away, come back another day!!! Lacolumbe coffee and espresso brewing. NY Times in the house ! Must be Sunday brunch time!
RT : RT!! $1 to Share Our Strength and Action Against Hunger
The potential significance of the site is low. There is some deposition but no stratigraphic separation, relatively sparse assemblage.
Apparently, today is my five year anniversary on Twitter. I shall go break out the party hats.
The daily emails are the only daily emails that don't annoy me on a daily basis. Keep up the amazing content!
nice one ill come out and party with u. U should come to Houston for a weekend as well.
Goodnight World C U 2morrow!
terrific, that's the one near me! Thanks for the tip!
not liking the look of this oil crisis
valet parking that parks cars on the street, thus necessitating the use of valet parking
I don't think so. I wish I could whistle for it or something.
you all are giving me the motivation to actually finish it, LOL.
Mk. Well obviously there will beed to be a section of hammocks with side rails.
Don't beat yourself up about one bad choice. Choose better next time.
Medical Alert Units will be as important as having a flatscreen television in your home soon. For your elderly, your children, etc.
BELIEVE in YOUR VISION! Even when NO ONE else does!
Any time. Good luck with your paper.
Dear Madonna, Retire. Sincerely, All of Us.
My head hurts!! Oh the hunger pains!
where and how did you get that outstanding ocean picture? What state are you in and how many of you are living out of the RV?
do u have any of space needle pens at the 5th & Olive store?
it is sure to be an adventure that will double your possessions
I want in too!
To catch a fish, you only need one hook.
Myspace has become so unusable.
Foundation funding is 7-8% of overall fundraising giving via wow!!! Did I hear that correctly?
Angry whales
2nd half, Let's Go
Good discussion of security, privacy, and the cloud. Thanks to Tammy Clark, Georgia State's CISO.
Her first day of work, awesome <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>lol
Just finished the First Season of #GameofThrones on Bluray.....Holy Amazeballs
Transmitter problem resolved All viewers should now be receiving our signal loud and clear :)
glad to hear it!
Yeah, humility - and arrogance.
Did you thumb your way down there?
thank you for following ! (:
thought u might like music.
Thanks! RT : Today I will be at the March for Babies in Miami! Now you can sign up and walk too!
On tonight's menu: Pork chop with rosemary, pancetta and green cabbage. The garage doors are open!
Cant wait to see the final product! =)
Game over!
Do you want your real estate-based website to bring in more revenue w/o up front costs? We'd like to talk to you about partnering.
": Beauty is a curse on the world, it keeps us from seeing who the real monsters are."
wearing sweatpants publicly and I have no intention of going to the gym
hahaha! Deep thoughts. Let's go with work...
The Kitty Cats :)
All over the world babies can recognize changes in all languages but adults can only recognize changes in their own lang
you guys are awesome :) really enjoyed the concert in Chicago last night
“: Pretending to care about a teachers personal life, to waste time in class."used to do this all the time when I went 2 school
to do list: kill Jay with my mad skills *check* xD
Isnt it too early to be this sleepy?
yo saw you on stairs but had to pee badly. Someday I'll meet you in person.
Don't touch what you can't grave.
Elizabeth - throw your website/blog address on your profile so I can find your book. MD
There is no word to describe how funny it is that Saint Louis U gets farther then Mizzou
Congratulations! Welcome to the #FitFluential family!! :D
#Famouslies I have read the terms and conditions *clicks button*
The conversation I just had with my best >> .. Too cute & funny for his own good :)
SHOUT OUT TO GO FOLLOW PLEASE!
It's gonna start raining and Orlean hasn't gotten here -_-
wow! Excellent question, depends on location of bar, i.e. that bar could be located near a predominately white biker town :)
um my foot still hurts #why?
thanks! Ill keep posting on what's going on! Ill try to kill it (;
Let's go
hi buddy
Scoop! takin ova
$230?? My fare was $750!! Insane! I'll be there 2nd week of Feb, maybe the 1st week of Mar, & probably a few more times this year.
thank you. (:
Huge crowd at the golf course!! Come find us!!
I Wanna Just Kill Myself Like ANYONE Would Even Care!! I'm Done
Just for the record... is a total blanket hog! :D <3
I forwarded that link to one of my buddies. He is new to freelance. Thanks!
": Never let your head hang down. Never give up and sit down and grieve. Find another way. -Satchel Paige"
CUTTING MY HAIR =/
Everyone tweet GOOD LUCK ACM !!! Do it now, or your not a real #Mahomie !! (: <3
Apparently, PS3s don't exist at Costco.
Congrats to on his victory at ! Way to cap off a great weekend of racing!
this is good news!
call for a runway and see if can set it up!
Really? I don't need this right now ...
I wanna go! Only one book though? They must not stay very long.
LOVE Kelly Clarksons dress! Also love that her song has an intro.
haha you can go to my house in san diego if you want;D
hello in a while, in class yesterday talked about twitter art; thought of your book proj--how is progress going? :)
Awesome flash mob by the skylight opera theatre at the world's lrgst coffee break!!!
Chipotle was mentioned on
if is the father of your child, then follow me and RT
will do dudes, we'll hit you up whenever we get that EP release show set up.
bro it's great I love this island I been buggin
Hey buddy, you should get an email back shortly, been super busy on this side. Sorry about the troubles, hope all else is well
I cant wait till May so I can devote my days to 30 Rock
Some of us geezers are with Mona on this # nerdland
I'm good, getting ready to go workout before I head to work.
It's a beautiful day in Rockford IL. Must be 60 degrees.
RT : RT : I only start complaining when it really hurts :') and it really hurts :'
Go #Nuggets!
I need your naughty or nice Xmas list asap!
the cover photo is a popular german dessert...
I hope you guys are tearing up the town!!
I fucking hate dub step.
...Hey I heard you like the wild ones :)
Thanks for the mention. I noticed you suggested a lot of SproutBox co's, any connection?
Margaritas, fresh chips & salsa, the best guacamole, & of course CHEESE DIP! What else u need?Well, if u want an entree, we have those too!
Teams day at school tomorrow (:
Awake! Will be drinking 's Run Before U Crawl Tomm! RT Beer Bear is awfully quiet. He still in hibernation?
thanks man!
RT : All work and no play violates the 2nd law of thermodynamics
Ha - I started it last week. RT : Starting 2 read The Girl w/ The Dragon Tattoo ths week...
Slept hard! Gonna be a busy day
Melo looking like he playing for Syracuse.
all kinds of yes to it ;)
faggot can also mean a block of wood...... not that it usually ever means that. But just pointing that out.
why is a new ref starting the 4th?
congrats baby!
I'm here
Thanks, Nate. Clearly my impulse control switch was off this morning :-)
Holy Sepulcher and Via Dolorosa on Good Friday = Chaos. But I did get to do all the stations of the cross
Heading to SFO on #united on a very early flight
im starting to build good friends in my twitter account...god bless you all Of you guys...
Tonight!!! hosts us with special guests and Tim Ehrlich! 1030 is when the shenanigans start!!!
“: Sometimes god speaks to you through other people...” amen !
Thank you Kevin Garnett, thank you.
Did you put Lucroy and Morgan in there on accident?
By nature single women will look for the best of the species to breed with. They are looking for potential mates.
I finally figured out the only reason to be alive is to enjoy it. -Rita Mae Brown
Hi!! Yay you found me!
Scalper - "Tickets for Thrice at the Metro were $22. I'm selling mine for $90! It's a fair price!" Sir, a 400% increase is not a fair price.
What is the meaning of life? To be happy and useful
why u say that?
°o° Neat background song choice at #Universal - "I've Got My Love To Keep Me Warm" by Kay Starr. Had a nice beat and could dance to it!
Livin' on the edge!
13 or 14 school days left, then finals week. Have things (roughly/topically) planned out until May 25th.
you can buy fake ones :)
well I was first!
"Take this job and love it." - John C. Maxwell
Rafael Marquez (Mexico) is shown the yellow card.
Talking to you for hours ive never frlt so content with our relationship ending.
In a cab rushing to meeting and get a call that mtg is cancelled.
MONDAY - Grand Jury meets all day. 2 Hearings on Motions to Suppress evidence. 1 Robbery Trial.
We are a Menomonee Falls based marketing company looking to grow our Twitter page and would love a RT!
hahahaha its the pain of being artistic haha... y couldn't we have been water polo players, Alwyn?
Thank god for creating the best plant ever! Life would suck without a lil bit of Mary Jane in it!
Amazing season, Chicago Bulls! Thank you, thank you, thank you!
The goal is control via
Bin Laden documents at a glance - Washington Post
What a shot to end the first!!! I yelled so loud I woke up my baby nephew!
on the bus blew up a pumpkin and made ice cream at skool today lol
Can't even begin to comprehend the loss of 42.....however, it's time for D-Rob to step up. Great teams overcome.
Israel, Palestinians...."need to come to terms." Di Carlo
Fun lunch with Good to talk marketing with old school peeps!
Oh Patsy Cline, you know me too well.
Another early show!
Whiskey Tango is packed for happy hour!! #downtownhollywood Let's go!!
Sitting here writing my brother&making cinnamon rolls.
Im a king to dees niggas, love a queen fuck the bitches..
Wake yo punk ass up!! "In my MC Eight voice"
will Bullington everyone he's scared of what some cave kids think and talks shit on twitter
His surname is kind of ironic, isn't it? Trump that one.
Who wants a shout out?
let the record show that wine barrels..loaded w cherries for 2 years is a winning combination for beer
ik my mom said next year maybe we can go
that is the greatest thing ive ever seen
We'll be at the New Way in ferndale watching Lightshow Bob get nasty on the lightar as tears it up on stage. You should be there.
Happy St. Patrick's Day!
porque no :c &ya no insistas :s'
I do to brrroooooooo
looking forward to hearing with at
Neither. I use Sweetie. The other 2 seem too personal. Sweetie is multi-purpose... ;-)
No Problem :)
Fantastic night with cutest couples ever!
. is going all Nate Silver with his electoral Excel spreadsheets. Interesting stuff.
makes me happy <U+2764> :D
definitely the water park at the Hilton, and any of Milwaukee's great restaurants.
I followed you!
Arab world's first presidential debate in Cairo yesterday. Followed shortly by first yelling at TV en masse.
I can't stand bad ass kids that I can't whoop...
very cool! thanks for sharing! will slides be on slideshare?
Everywhere I go I find a poet has been there before me.
just curious - any public librarians on those committees, especially LITA?
So excited for this weekend!! ...siike I'm working and taking the SAT <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Small Business Events: Be There, or Miss Out
interested in public diplomacy? is hosting a conference on it Friday. Follow the hastag
yeah. I really want to get back there. I loved the food at Thirst and Vine, so I can only imagine that its going to be good
"Red sky at night, sailor's delight: Red sky at morning, sailors take warning."
#1MillionEnchancers nice u rock kid from papa enchancer :)
Maybe can teach me how to cook.. Lol cc ;)
You're quite welcome! Great session!
On my way to #thelake watching #nsn on my way there ily
Hope so! : Should Roy Williams start packing? Maybe all that pointing was him telling us he is moving on?
Thanks to all our new followers! Awesome to see you all!
#IfItWasntForTwitter I would be bitching to my pillow pet
Larmar Odom and now THIS! Say it is not so.
ehhhhh cough cough my vocal chords are dead i need powerade ASAP!
''Fashion isn't necessarily about labels. It’s not about brands. It’s about something else that comes from within you.” —Ralph Lauren
#vulgarcelebs Kerry Katona ( am I doing this right????)
had heard mixed reviews about D2L (course management site), but even as a low-tech newbie, I'm finding it much better than blackboard!
big time lulz!
#RizzoliandIsles fans if you missed my earlier tweet Sasha Alexander told me today she is NOT set to attend ANY conventions.
WORLD AIDS DAY!!! Get tested and be safe:-)
Attention beloved customers, we take grocery bags at either of our locations! Paper, plastic, we also will take newspaper off your hands!
Good morning!! Im up early today cuz I gotta rehearsal with my kidz dancers
texts may work when voice doesn't in quake.
will all be at Marquee Theater Tonight for Tech N9ne and Murs! Doors open at 6pm, show starts at 8pm!
i hate that i forgive so easily!
I didn't see that BPI did, but I read that AFA Foods, BPI's competitor did file.
So many parrots flying overhead in L.A.! It makes me happy that I never see one alone.
May angels lead you in
I am loving your advice one liners for artists! And life! Power and punch!
Picking up a "wish list" from Gompers Elementary School today. Trying to do so every month. Every little bit helps.
Some stories are unbelievable... Damn.
I would give my future first born to see LL and Paul "chillin'" like homeboys do...ya know boiiiii
Ran to #Drupalcon with no UK cash this morning. Willing to exchange $20 US for £10 UK to tide me over... any takers?
Odds bodkins! RT : If your blonde won't respond when you flatter her, tell her what Tony told Cleopater-er.
plug it in then hit autofill it should work
Ohmygod that was just wrong
there are only 4 color total but why wud u want all of them?
Watched cheese doesn't melt.
she's trying to kill me. Lol
God loves u n ur friends,family n twitter friends love u too. :-)
Thanks for the RT!
if you were roc's wife you would know his name is Chresanto August <3
I won't make fun of you anymore. Wait do you guys talk ? :O Because if not, that'd be fucked up. Sorry /:
If you are 50 years old and banging on the glass at a hockey game, something isn't right
i know that Blake gonna b on that classic album of yours
I'm so sorry, I got deported to "south middle" junior year. I didn't realize you'd suffer from such separation anxiety!
I really dont want to go to school tomorrow...
Thank you for the S/O Dori. Hug & blessing to your wkend :)
ahah may we forever die of laughter:b
Whisper "Black Horse" at today's ice cream pop-up to purchase our secret third flavor!
that's what's up. Im jealous, you calling Hawaii boring. You going to Cali this summer?
That was, by far, the most thuggish French I've ever heard.
#Cardinals hire former gold glove catcher Mike Matheny as the new STL manager. Interesting choice we'll see what happens.
Don't have it, but they use Sprint's network. Not a good option for me on this side if the state amongst the corn.
So I guess my dad & Mary came home,Mary left,came back, and they both left, all while I was listening to the CD & I didn't know.
So do we! We're on our way. Glad you like what we're doing.
I've been doing that all-year long, yet they can't seem to leave me be. Ah whatever, it doesn't bother me.
how about Manning for QB & Tebow as RB while he learns everything Manning knows.
Nick will be fired tonight.
Xmas Tweets: Mom noticing that "with the sun shining, and the wonderful weather, it doesn't seem like Christmas."
Humpty dumpty putting pieces back together again
who? tom?
Thx for the heads up - would be nice to drink it on cask.
Good Am, Grind mode by any means, live life Stress Free love God, yourself, family, friends.....
Learning about crowdsourcing
Bye Falcon lol
patron merged chapters for thesis from diff files, but endnote bib wouldn't alphabetize. any help out there? followed directions, but not ok
Good stuff at #glamwiki today. Excited about the potential of the project and the great people involved.
In hollister at the mall! (:
(c) to have a girlfriend! just be happy for him ok? if he has a girlfriend now be happy for him. just smile and think how happy he is now(c)
Feeling real gd this morning just got the news that my bro will be home in two days can't wait to see u Ace!!
Melo clearly got hit and no call! Refs have been HORRENDOUS today. WTF!!!
This is what happens when I let my Us Weekly subscription lapse.
What the hell?! That's like getting a Happy Meal and there's no toy inside.
Thanks much! Just keep sending Art Educators and Art Lovers our way! (We are having a resource drive right now!)
omg I'm gonna die.. i can wait for the end of this
Asada?Carnitas?Pollo or Al Pastor? Only serving 3 Please advise....back on the road pretty soon.
Also, my girlfriend has demanded on making a new banner for the blog. I will show you once it's done.
The first thing u say when u step in shit is shit lol
feeling a little nauseous in this bus ride.
M, In-N-Out burger.
Pregnant belly so close to me to ruin my dinner :(
good luck:)
and it begins...time for a kick smoothie and an amazing Yoga session with the one and only Noah Powell I am so excited I could just cry!
i agree. That is in my top 5 for sure. Val Kilmer's best role!
I love y'all :)
always forget to update my twitter... i should be ashamed =S
OMG WHAT ALEX NO
I dreamt last night that I was rehearsing an Off-Broadway play with and It was awesome.
#ThingsINeverUnderstood.....why in every song screaming the same shit..."I'm so hood"...alright nigga Damn we get it!
Banjo? I'm going to get a dog and name it Banjo.
and you think you sound any betta to dem?
Wow. The Communications Blog had the largest readership over the last couple of days since the Aug. 16 launch. Thanks for reading everyone!
Just emailed my former high school counselor to see if there's any possibility of me walking with my class in June! Let's see what happens x
I'm for sure makin this new video today!
me either girl
Do it just like that, only you can do it just like that.
Bumping #DreamChasers2 in L.A doesnt even feel right though lol whole dofferent vibe out here
now im hella hungry... and there is NO barbecue to be had
On the Internet you can be anything you want. It's strange so many people choose to be stupid!
probably should have gone to bed at some time last night, instead of not doing that.
is quite possibly doing the first ever live-tweet of a Van Halen concert right now. Back to the Future!
What's your favorite meal of the day,
One word....GoKarts!
This is the most ridiculousestest thing ever
Hope your shoulder gets better soon!
having tons of fun pranking ppl at the office for april fool's!
Focusing on the act of breathing clears the mind of all daily distractions and clears our energy enabling us to better connect with Spirit.
#Oomf are too horny tonight, it's unreal!
what a beautiful Spring morning! I just finished a 2.07 mi run with a pace of 9'47"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Last year, how long did that combine last?
my friend almost killed himself right in front of me... i almost killed a guy too!and my best friend committed suicide
Pleasantly surprised some flights now have #wifi. $5. Not bad.
DONE IT! Add that to my previous answer!
Why does need go follow over 300 people?
My Next Girl...Goin To Be...#TheOneForMe!
Rocking chairs out front, fresh hot rolls, local oysters, delicate calamari @ Jimmie & Sook's in Cambridge MD
It's spring
my ankle boot
Israelis on alert amid Land Day protests
I'll keep doing that
my mother just walked in demanding more purses...smh spoiled!
Why does the #GOP think the states are more efficient? How are 50 bureaucracies better than 1?
thanks !! Happy #ff!
Very fast intro by Jennifer
You know you are getting old when the candles cost more than the cake. Bob Hope
ap chem...you have fucked my brain...
We are so excited to have as our newest Guest Contributor. Read her first post today at 10AM.
she's got a little bit of devil in her angel eyes.
Sorry... Now i feel like a dummy, its been a few days and I forgot what link you wanted haha. Again I apologize!!!
yeah we sucked. but what do you exspect when the whole damn team stands there like stone. im one of the only people who moved. kiss my ass.
hit up Warner bros and tell them to release our album. Easy enough? ;)
no worries. See you in Germany!
Vielen Dank! Thanks for following.
do you follow back? well do you????? answer me!!!
RT : Girl w/ red hair from Tough Love > > > Funny <<<follow me and
time to roll up and smoke up !
Pretending I'm in Paris is working out great-- I took an ordinary Sun afternoon & added wine, butter, and kitten heels.
RT Twin size beds are the worse I can't wait to go back home and stretch out in my own shit
Thanks for the review! :)
Getting my ass kicked in chess bc I'm watching newly downloaded Dr. Who.
Would love to win gas money so I could drive across state & bring my son home from college for Christmas. Thanks!
Well, if it was standing room only then you didn't miss a thing. I saw him in CHI & was exhausted by standing. Needs seats
Khalil and Khan lie in wait; a visit to the museum--two new pages today at www.rocketrobinson.com
Really mad I can't go see Vinny and Bianca today cuz of my dumb parents ...at least I'll get to meet them tomorrow!
My gym has new class called STRIP HOP. I'm thinking these two things do not belong together, who wants hop and strip..in a class??
How did the snow change your morning? Meant a beautiful sunrise and 3 times the commute time. But beautiful! No complaints from me
ALSO...just follow box directions but use a blender or immersion blender!
going to bed, exercising, Safeway, and pastry are on the agenda for tomorrow
wow Emily hahahhhaha
Just got some cedar/piñon from our guy Fred today. Unloaded & stacked! Give him a call & tell him he was tweeted! 720-7125
Good morning, Campers! Welcome to the unconference! Are we ready to have some amazing conversations today?
awe that made me feel so great! thanks barbie <3
Merry Christmas!
My last UK home game tomorrow. Its gonna be beautiful weather!!! GO CATs
ah we are. We're playing at Kankakee first church tonight
“: Night;)” -- goodnight luv
Spacing out between shows...z...
OMG I just saw a comercial with #ShawnJohnson on it!
Trying to find the "sexy" in a lot of these women I see around the city. Do they NOT care abt their own self image *confused face*
A box of were delivered today, they are so pretty!
You seem cool! & your tweets are really dope! :)
Who's going to the Yankees game tomorrow?
lol, i tryed but ur case was far to difficult for wht i could help diagnose :/
In French it's désespoir des singes, or monkey's despair, since it would be such a pain to climb :}
What you'll find in home movie collections. Today, a family visiting Dealey Plaza in 1964 and reconstructing JFK shooting scene.
A KLU shout out to Nikki Grimes for discussing the "invisible reader" and the marginalization of multicultural children's lit
2200mAh Battery For Canon Selphy ES1 Compact Photo Printer ...
Hey nigs...were hanging over vaca and watching Bruno....
It was for his mama! RT “: Y'all hilarious. So overall y'all like the celebration by Pierre?”
he's like actually possessed!
I constantly have way too fuckin much to worry about
Salem PD is here, moving in. Full gear, tear gas ready to go. #OccupyPdx #OccupyPortland Be solid people.
feels god
Is Todd Helton not playing cause he's hanging out with his bff Peyton Manning?
Hey Detroit! We want hear your favorite genre of music?
Michelle Key def. Sharon Jackson 15-11, 15-14 to win the Women's National Collegiate Singles Racquetball Championships.
Maybe you're just so damn Cockney.
i surely will, im sick of always relying on ma parents to give me money to get me stuff lol im trying to be independent lmao
Do I REALLY have to do homework? it never ends....
#FordMiamiLatism was a beautiful event & it was great to hear share some beautiful words on behalf of !
My head hurts from laughing so much :')
Sometimes people could be soo rude & not even realize they're being rude THOSE PEOPLE <<
REALLY?!? I watch it all the time
Sounds like some WiFi is about to get stolen. Heyooo!
Over here @ ACS Ent. we ain't got plex wit NOBODY but if u don't wanna see us succeed, then we don't wanna see u succeed either....
So how did everything go?
What can activists like me do to support the US in adopting a National Action Plan on 1325?
was right. My NEQ Audi club membership was a huge waste of money.
my MBP is having issues holding network time, which is causing bigger errors than one would expect. can't escape time.
So missing Dudar right now!!! Please get better!
cold Ezell's chicken leg for breakfast .. sure why not! I'm going in
-- Thanks for the FFs, mentions, and RTs!
How did I ever plan a shoot without Siri?!
i have so much homework and 1 hour before i've to be asleep. but i'm lying on my bed staring at the ceiling
may have to consult a physician, its been 4 hours since my workout & I'm still #pumped &
I wonder if is studying right now
Marathon book design work-day: 10 hours and counting.
Have a safe drive home, Anita. :)
I miss you already!!! Saddest week ever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Thanks for the #FF!
Watchin Transformers 3 tonight reminded me why and how much I live Bumblebee. He's amazing and all out adorable! x3
safe travel to okcity
Sadly, not watching this AM but do love the #TheBlackKeys & their live performance :)
thanks for the rec !
help us get more followers, RT if you support us!!....
but I would call her "shy" (chi) as her nickname...
Had a movie-nerd film fest at home today watching "These Amazing Shadows", "Reel Injun", and "Trumbo". Recommend them all.
I'm so hilarious lolz
Thanks to all of you who came to Playdate with the Bearcats yesterday! Very fun and lots of good press!
MT : Setting a record for mike checks? RT : 6th disruption of Verizon meeting taking place
My feelings exactly- great location, mediocre (but affordable) city. Still, I'm amazed at how deep the roots grow in just 7 years.
My grandad driving* its a 20mph school zone, so he slows down to 20mph. And I'm like, its a fucking sunday, who's going to be at school?
off to work!
I will now cont. my adventures n cooking www.myrecipes.com Such a helpful site! Normal combinations, not a million ingredients, & coupons!
Just woke!! Feeling like a boss!(;
If i decline, do u inquire on where i spend my nites at?
Don't take it personal
Just completed service activity at Thurgood Marshall Academy. Always amazed at the talent and determination of our young people.
So you haven't figured it out yet either?
I know, its because your always mean to me when I see you
This is a luxembourg shout out to my many followers!! Love you dad and Dale :)
bring them too!!
I don't know why but that picture really made me laugh!
so sorry that you miss him online he said he was taking a break maybe he will come back online later :)
asks, best/worst of 2011 for workers? Feb. in Madison. Walker's budget and people's direct action to stop it. Started new mov't.
such a simple yet profound reminder that One has choice in the story we tell to self and others
Wtf J.R. Smith move back to China fucking up our highlights
Layover in Seoul. Gotta say, Incheon airport is totally fantastic - they even have massages! How cool is that? (Didn't get one, but still!)
Hah! True! :) RT : Of course it does - you're paying for consulting!
no idk if thety are or not i was askin u
ah...yeah i would agree and im not even in the class.
Tracking drums for Dugout today.
#follow for more info
Just I say faggot doesn't mean I'm talking about a gay person
#ifiwon how much would it cost to wrap a bus with clever one-liners?
Very sore from the gym!!!
Police department won't let mereord their training that is open to the public.
Globalizing revolution through hip hop…I can't wait for this to make its way to textbooks.
yea I wasn't approve for my best buy card but in about a month
TEE AMOO<U+2665> FOLLOW ME!
Only eating half of a sandwich is your way of telling the world that you are a loser.
ugly schedule. Pray for 2-1 outta last 3. Hope one win is against state!
No matter what I’m doing, where I am, or who I’m with, you’re always on my mind.
it was all I could do to stop myself from doing that tngt but if I don't get a live link to the game up soon, I may have to
M..I cant tell how is gunna win?? On
Lakeshow got the win no suprise now let the all nighters of studying begin
kinda reminds me of the scene in Jaws when they catch the tigershark or when the water helicopter lands in Jaws 2..........
*takes a look* he's....cute. *quirks eyebrow* what is it?
absolutely love the new swype release! u guys are awesome!
Join #loopabroad on facebook at "loop abroad 2010 thailand"!
damn 15yrs the game will never be the same
Marv Alberts had no idea the game was over. Brilliant.
haha yea he's garbage I play with him sometimes. He pumps balls into the woods
Why can't the men switch places with women so they feel are pain
I was raised by drunks so I became a drunk
What time will the interview start?? I don't want to miss it!!
Got all my mothers day stuff together faster than I thought phew
Did Creed just say he loves ceramics on #TheOffice season finale? I'd love to see him guest star on Antiques Roadshow.
The good news is, if you bet; "Fab Melo will be a worldwide trending topic in March" you win.
Where did my day go, pls?
Waiting for a dentist appointment on Monday to tell me that I have to get my wisdom teeth cut out...aren't I too old for this!
in front of the metal bars that you should be melting into usable metal for......well.....um......see you at work.
Can you send me the link to triathloner with Lymes, please.
Downtown Los Angeles; Major law firm needs 3-4 years of law firm experience in corporate transactional matters
while Michelle Obama was giving commencement speech in G'boro, NC Dems were extending their mess involving the party chair in G'boro
Loved meeting you! Hope to talk more! Jazz on!
RT : Q4 if people cannot find the assets, or the process/technology is too complex, youve failed. people wont adopt
Many thanks for the follow!
Best cinco de mayo: Mavs got swept, Spurs win, beat storm home.
It's 6 degrees outside with a wind chill factor of WTF?
hey, I just met you and this crazy, but heres my body, fuck me maybe?
“: It's never too late to change who you are.”well then do it!
I love Walmart, I've been 5 mins and I've seen a chick in clown makeup and a mullet.
I love having coffee with ! She is awesome.
going to bed :)night
Hi hon, disappointed that Octavia & fassbender weren't nominated :( What about Owen Wilson?
TWO more shows left!! Are you coming today at noon? If not, the only show left is at 8:30 PM on Sunday and the house is almost full!!
Baylor plays like the type of kids that will get pissed off toward the end and get someone hurt. Hope Cal notices.
low key, a nigga always wanted 2 b a pornstar
Watched Outlaw Garage again and can't wait to finish my car. Then OCC came on and strangely I had to shit. Ccrapmakecrap
Had no idea. Thanks!
wwait, so youre really going to prom?
wat u get first in
Quote: "I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is to try to please everyone." Bill Cosby
I wonder what happens if someone blew on your belly....
Lots of newbies in spin class this morning!R u a group exercise newbie? Why were u scared to go? Or, do u still not go? Or do u not like it?
New initiative: make workplace naps socially acceptable
Thanks for following! Make sure you sign up at nyfocusgroups.com
only 2 days left at the beach /:
Guys that hold open doors for you. >>>>
Back in FL for a few days. Lovin the sunshine, the smell of fresh flowers, driving and of course Publix.
It's pretty sad that even 11 runs up, we didn't feel secure in a
I really am going to miss when we both go off to college, #RS!
Anyone see Ivan Rodriguez's throw to 2nd base last night? The man still has a hose!
aww thank you so much for that pic I will send it to my friend
All I kill is beats and pussy...still ain't went on trial for it.
- very funny designer feed. For you non-designers, google his name if you need help getting it.
im down ypu loose weight fast and take out your anger
That's because it is! :) RT : #peekanalytics looks awesome!
has anyone heard of or met Rob Mulligan?
Having grown up in the publishing industry and seeing the possibilities, IMO TR's product and approach are to blame. Not apps.
RT : Bioware's new IP #CommandAndConquer looks underwhelming.. I'm just saying
Do u ever feel like you give SO SO much to everyone but yourself? I feel like I'm losing my identity.
Concerns about privacy with lending through Kindle and Amazon -
This guy smells so good.
You have to set high standards early in life when you do something do it as if the whole world is watching and make it count.
Haha! Does your mom give u something at the end of the appointment? lol! my dentist gives me toothpaste -.-
just gotta persuade my mom that itll be a late birthday present and an early xmas gift for me lol
follow back on my birthday would be AMAZING Please!
Morn'n All! Everyone have a great week!
do you know if there are any UK sites that will stream the match on Saturday?
If games are won in the offseason the Eagles should be cleaning a super bowl trophy off right now
Today with and outdoors , was very funny with you <U+2665>
good morning ms case, hope your birthday week has been spectacular :-)
Your work is to discover your world and then with all your heart give yourself to it.- The Buddha
Cooking at Home: Strawberry almond tart
Love hearing about positions. Are you in touch with our Careers Office? Feel free to contact or
Are you available 3pm EDT today? If so can you message me via twitter with a contact # Thanks!
Sad news from Took a chance on a kid right out of , honed her skills and introduced her to the finest PR folks around.
Got the Tees in production. Apparel is gonna look nice this year along with my overall win again.
Cleveland is have a good one too. But when you are starting from scratch it doesn't take a lot to improve.
WOW! cant find Junior Seau reports anywhere, not , not , looking , nothing. This bigger news than bounty Saints
on Season 3 of The Wire for the third time.
thinkng about you :)
IT'S MY BDAY. I'M AT THE 4731 (GRAND RIVER) GALLERY TONIGHT PERFORMING. 9PM. I WANT TO SEE YOU THERE!
busting my butt at church totally made my day.. So funny. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AD>.
Hashtag #prettyprogressive while twitter chatting during the show, every Friday at 11AM CST.
NYJER MORGAN, YOU ARE MY DOGG.
I just saw the trailer. It looks kind of scary. That mouthpiece might just haunt my dreams.
you're the monster underneath
I swear I should tweet some of my text messaging conversations
Colts' tie record with New England Patriots for winning 21 consecutive games, How about THAT!
is such a hottie!
"Valentine Date Ideas" What I am doing for my man is steak dinner,sex,video games,sex,snack,movie,sex. basicly anything he wants.
Everyone on #TheVoice killed it tonight except Lindsay, but that's not unusual since she is terrible. How did she make it this far?
You really shouldn't eat that. You probably know where 's brain has been.
I love this show! So much talent!!!!!!!
Working some magic on some tracks today, and already miss Australia...It's so cool there...
#BadArt is art is art is art. That's all that matters.
#Quote from "if you’ve hit rock bottom there are only two ways to go…sideways or UP!"
It was just pointed out to me by a close female friend that I've known her half her life.
i know thats right wanna keep it real
come an visit
Thanks for following!I would follow you right now back but I have some technickal problems.Don't worry I'll follow you!(:
What are your plans for your special hardworking Mom for mother's day?
that is precious!
hmm...no. However, I always nuke my stuff in covered containers.
what are you guys doing this weekend?
Please pray for Holly Bobo's safe return. Abducted Wednesday morning from her home in West Tennessee! RETWEET PLEASE
are re-workin a few tunes 2nite.
This poor hunny child girl has a belt on with sweatpants. lord hellp her
I find myself often dreaming of Lady Pirates.
Ditto! ;) RT : thanks bro! “: congrats on another gr8 edition of ! #trulytalented”
Can't find my glasses.
lolololol right! I hate
good luck man. Hope it works out for you. U did alot for this community and the bucks organization.
Go see tomorrow at Vinyl Renaissance in KC on 39th at 4pm!
Inside I hope you know I'm dying With my heart beside me In shattered pieces that may never be replaced
Hmm "Rock of Ages" looks good but I CAN'T STAND Tom Cruise ... What... A conundrum
It's that special time in Earth's orbit when the glass building across the street creates a solar death ray in my library.
If there was such a thing as spilling coffee on yourself insurance, my premiums would be through the roof.
The next show is going to be on August 21st!
*sexually frustrated teenager
May I suggest on your next flight, car ride, or bored moment - You peep out They wont disappoint! www.skeetones.com
I agree tho she and I have been out every night this week! Where u been?
Great Q&A interview with on his The Dreyfuss Initiative in today's Worked w/ him on a Tourette Syndrome Briefing
1mon at the gym 6lbs, 1inch of waist and boobs, 1/2 of thighs.. I guess I we won't break up with the trainer!!! He's lucky!!
God be with me so that I do not fall over from shaking knees or drown in my own sweat from nerves. Thank you for this opportunity!
Much props to Denver - they played hard man.
Finally watched 's Conviction piece. Powerful & disturbing insight into our justice system. What's the latest, Luke?
I like having 10 texts when I get off work. It mAkes me feel important.
I have trust issues.
I'm hoping the prices fall the closer we get. Greed's a bitch, sometimes the scalpers get burned. I'm a buyer at 90-100
Opening day for the Mets!! They start their run to the World Series today!
cool. thnx. i read someplace that u have specific criteria on what makes it into the happtique store. i guess all health apps do?
she's great I'm bed
Sucks to be U
I hate that I'm missing all of this good ol' GOP entertainment tonight. They're more comedians than they are presidential material.
Remember how Jackass had all those warnings before the show started? Does Teen Mom have those same ones?
u should txt me :-)
I wanted today to be just like the rest, do naturally, I'm late AF
So awesome...watching rock the first of two sets at the Troubador. Place is packed!
Good morning! Looking forward to a busy day and UFC tonight at the UC!!
It's difficult to teach politicized material without a bias, and it's hard to teach without admitting and countering my own.
good morning
it is but got to live my life
Thunderstorms and naps go together like beer and pizza. And they all go together on Sundays.
Off to Pasco WA!!!
"Above all, be true to yourself, and if you cannot put your heart in it, take yourself out of it." - Hardy D. Jackson
Today's BTU inspiration: "Everything you can imagine is real." ~Pablo Picasso
Sweet Tweet connect on Manta given it up to Liz Laquerre. Keep the social plug going. I accept
TB All The Way
is setting up and maintaining accounting procedures and books, developing budgets, auditing accounting records, preparing financial stateme…
can't wait!!
I shall call you squishy and you shall be mine...and you shall be my squishy.
any plans friday night after the dinner?
American mannie was saying he visited a town called wick to his friends. So I decide to scream out me IM A WICKER :D :D :D.
friday is my bday!
It is what it is !
: Sending some love to my new friend
By Love and Art Scarred the motion picture just got an Award of Merit from the Los Angeles Cinema Film Festival of Hollywood!
Thank You to 11 companies pledging gifts for Giving Tree today, Johnson Controls, Micheal, Best & Friedrich CH2M, more! 1,000 closer....
: We gotta sort out our next Drinking About Museums! No more table taps. ;) Thabks for rec'ing MCN. Amazing. Still spinning.
My phone is sendin txt messages so fast right now
Hey, can't wait to see some of your work.
Unguarded, tormented and tortured And got nothing but scars and grey hairs to show for it..
Who likes ? Tell us where you are from and we will try and get them to a city near you !
Honestly? One of the better weeks on record :)
“: "here's my email adress..." aka i like you just not enough to give you my phone number...”
Paper idea: "Wikipedia as Doxa."
By the way...score is 19-0. 2:28 left in second Q.
Welcome to reverbnation..come have a listen to 1 of my tracks..hit the "like" button if you like what you hear..Thankyou:):)
sliced cucumber + lemon pepper = crazy delicious!
RT : Most effigy vessels from Colima are "huggable". Are your decoys Paiute?
Joan's first class is on current awareness, e.g. "IP blogs: the pocket parts of the future!"
No Prob ;D Thanks for the follow back!
Clean the lint filter in your dryer after each cycle. If lint build-up is severe, give us a call so you don’t damage your machine.
Trend trend
Biggest lie you ever told. [: I remember hamburger with just the cheese. First dinner date, hahaha.
Who's Brett Favre? Don't you mean Brett Pevre?
Virginia strands 2 runners in the bottom half of the 1st. NC State leads 7-0.
#CollegeDinner is a trending topic lol i know you got some good ones "The Grease Bucket" jajajaj
I just started crying....
are you home???
God's Love... it never fails... it never gives up... it never runs out on us! Come on somebody!! That's GOOD NEWS we can REJOICE in!
I am in LA! At a hostel!
Creepy asian staring at me...
Church janitors wearing headphones and singing louder than the vacuum >
Ratchet ass tweets on my TL. LOL
Glad no class in the morning today!!
You can do it if you believe you can! - Napoleon Hill
I'm so confuse. Are we doing the 4X4 or no
So, if we somehow get trapped at the party on Saturday, we have enough drinks and food and dessert to keep us happy for a month...
Glad to hear it. I'm grateful for our break from the biting cold too.
see ya guys there!
Heading up to Vancouver for a bit. What's new to see/do/eat/etc... since 2010?
Let's hope to god, that time flies like they say
Bah! This is on a higher plane of existence than monetary concerns! If want go, go!
Going to Carmelo's for lunch with the family. The Yelp reviews are making me a little uneasy though :/
idk, but it's the last molars you get. Is that what you are meaning?
Tighter than Dick's hat band.
No!That satellite needs an impact smart hard drive.
Everybody loves the gangsta twitter bird created by out my page to see it
excitings news?!?! you two are having a baby together? Awesome! ;-) super powered ghost finding baby.
yea, but flying pigs sure are cute
Trying to forget someone you love is like trying to remember someone you never knew.
Blackman Kallick is expanding! We are seeking a skilled accounting and finance recruiter to join our team. Please message me if intereste…
TY for following! Let me know how I can help Gatz - Dr. Gottschalk
You are not dumb - you did a good thing for the day. Now, you're off the hook!
Learning about how bad we faculty are-like STUDENTS!!
"She's like a combination between Molly Shannon and Chris Farley." -Billy Bush on Melissa McCarthy
I could literally stab a driver that slams on their brakes for no reason.
#AGirlJustWants some1 to love thm 4 who they r & wht counts on the inside not on the outside :)
excuses, full of excuses.
go to haverhill ma!!! maybe you can help me with something on my list(:
The Batman axes are sweet! I play a bit, but I've only got three at home. So I'm a bit jealous.
LOLOL. Danika and Lisa fighting is funny ;).
Everyone wish our guitar player a happy 21st birthday!
We're dropping some cool developments this week. Stay tuned.
Any comic book fans buying digital comics over hard copy? What are you getting?
I have a ton of homework -__-
Children are playing with hail thinking it's snow... :)
Finally got my belly button pierced!
nope...unless Super Bowl
What are your holiday/Thanksgiving plans around South Florida? Tell us about your favorite Turkey Day tradition!
Chaos is the score upon which reality is written. -- Henry Miller
Another grind at work. Can't wait to be done. Day off with my babe tomorrow. First in a long time and I can't wait
Yes, unicorns and rainbows are a packaged deal.
What did you think of "Anansi Tries to Steal all of the Wisdom of World" read by ?
Roofie & lemon drops! RT : I will tie her up or roofie her like Alan did in...
it's great to see 's tweet activity increasing.
Sup Weep Woop!
Imma start throwing things!!
Thanks to and for the new follows - Keep watching for #Design tips and #Contests coming soon
I think im bout to change clothes again....
Daddy got lex the DEADEST flowers
Our bestseller is Cherry Almond. Other combos are Lavender Patchouli and Orange Cinnamon. What scent combo would you like to see us make?
Economist article today-wakeup call for western multinationals. Emerging market multinationals are catching up, and they're good!
just doing my self-appointed job
"Education would be much more effective if its purpose was to ensure that by the time they leave school every boy and girl should know how m
I'm not feelin' today ...
what are some good movies to watch??????
Heart Attack - Trey Songz.
Driving home from the Y... Lucy says, 'can we hear Daddy's song?'. It's ok to have favorites, right? www.noisetrade.com/danclark
Date night with my 4 fav boys!!
I'm not single. I'm just romantically challenged..
Happy Law Day! Three years ago today I learned I passed the Bar Exam.
During detoxing you should drink at least 2 quarts of water daily.
(c) I'll try to be on more please forgive me<3
I'm falling asleep in the car!
#JustPromiseMe u will always stay true to me
Thanks to #rbtl for bringing the team out to Scotland Yard Pub tonight. Appreciate the support.
The organizers were worried that Mothers Day and rain would keep the crowd away. Ha! They do not know my mama. SRO!
Jeff - we should have it back next week. We will let you know when it arrives
RT : Today in Dublin,1904; Mrs Purefoy goes into labor. She'll have a long four days until
My mom showed me The Civil Wars... SO PRETTY
Great presentation on FB content strategy at
duet for anachronistic #percussion; Sunday Times ripping folding crumbling hitting; glossy magazine turning pages; allow for generous rests
I love <3
lmao sorry Leland /:
,haha we need to plan a day to hangout and yay! :)
they say only the good die young. I truely believe that. try and keep your head up.
See, vegetarians are nuts. Those damn things would be everywhere if we didn't eat them!
Just had lunch with Working on some hot new outfits!! Love being creative and her ideas! <3
Sike!!! Everyone knows that I'm that nigga
If u are open to working w/me on a side project to make extra cash completely outside of showbiz plz DM me asap.
extremely productive today even without my little helper. maybe there is something behind this eating breakfast thing.....
A woman is like a tea bag. She only knows her strength when put in hot water.
I'm ready for school to be over, too much work
OMG this dude got a quad MOAB, didnt spawn trap, and won the match in 6v6 Dom! What a beast!
I'm going to marry a white guy one day just so my Save the Dates can say, "Love tripped on an Oriental rug by a happy Occident."
For God so loved the world, that He gave His one and only son, that whoever believe in Him will be saved and have everlasting life. -Joh ...
Ahh yes, the classic childs song, Puff the magic dragon.
Hey everyone, Jared here! I wanted to let everyone know that I have 3 tickets for sale for the Warped Tour Kickoff Party in LA tonight!
Any chance you put the mktclt Prezi online somewhere for me to show some folk internally?
HAPPY B DAY TO ME LOL BLOWIN MONEY LIKE A CANDLE BLOW!!!!
You should seriously check out Rugby World Cup 2012. The demo makes me want to get the game.
Those late night cry sessions where you just let it all out.
Josh and I are so excited to do the cover and interview with you guys! Can't wait till next month xx
I hear One Direction every time I get in the car, and the more I hear it, the more I love it and more I hate myself.
Very!! Wrote this a.m. like a girl on fire.
I just tweeted about this. Haha too good.
HAHAHAHA RT LADIES, for the record, enjoying sex does not make you a whore. Enjoying facebook makes you a whore.
let every boundary be an opportunity to cross over to the next big thing - 19,000 tweets - yessirree!
The World lost Whitney but kept Bobby's ass....
I want (NEED) some starbucks coffee right now! Smh I just wanna do something...different today...
dear lord i'm still so fucking excited for the devils
Afraid to hand out tickets to the gun show ;) RT : What's with the jacket....aren't you hot?
Good morning. What size? (Smile)
RT - The Miami dolphins #TheyNeedToBringBack a miracle + dan marino
Gearing up for another round of intense rehearsals tonight. Let's kick this Monday where it counts, shall we? :)
#elprofe316 Are you going to be tweeting #SOTU?
I haven't tweeted anything clever lately <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Can't wait to watch on punk'ed tonight at 10:00 pm. Especially because it's my birthday :)
Justin Bieber admitted to drinking beer.
i want to take your writing workshop! this summer?
just casually perusing in preparations for travel in central mexico...
Hope everyone had a Merry Christmas. Rest up for those New Years festivities!!
Talk takes an unexpected turn toward Alan Berkman's denial of care for lymphoma while incarcerated.
...wearing a dress YOU design for me!
are you still recording records
Job description for Sr. UX Designer that says "writing production ready HTML/CSS/JS" more than anything about design or UX…just hire a dev
My sport tweet of the day - ESPN really, really sucks!!!
BrioWave Technology Approved for Financing Under California&#39;s PACE Program
OPEN for Labor Day Monday 8am-4pm
#Trivia What year did U.S. Cellular Field open?
Totally agree. Unfortunately, I know plenty who won't watch this #SoTU "On principle." Not sure what principle that is, really...
If u want to know anything or everything about Colorado Springs, #FF ! Funny and smart, too. :)
I can take you higher
The average person falls asleep in just seven minutes. Think of all those poor sheep that are not being counted!
Good thing its a team sport & not 1 on 5 RT Gasol and Bynum are the reason why The Lakers have a chance against OKC, not Kobe
Rocking with my new beats (headphones)
Change of plans guess I'm heading to memphis I get to see my mommy after all today :))))
The girl that ran on the floor of the Nuggets game last night lived four doors down from me in the CU dorms. Yes, true story.
You can say that again ... and while you're at it, I'll have another.
aye bro where'd you go? I didn't see you 6th.
Britney Is Our Criminal..let's keep her up there army!
It's funny how a melody sounds like a memory.
When you replay my life, take a shot each time I say something is cool, but don't actually mean in.
In the third paragraph he discusses his views on Christianity. You should recognize a very significant quote of his in there as well
what's wrong?
whats the best combo for linking s media apps 2 maximize exposure
Why are there so many blonde jokes? Becuase thats what red heads and brunnets do over their weekends while the blondes are out having fun xP
#Cowboys are getting
no tour right now! we are working on all new stuff and hopefully touring soon after :)
"Just Saying!" If it is important enough for you to say something...then you need to be "Just Doing!" Stop dumping on others!
I think u have one of the best styling for your shows!
Yo doo is my song good enough for you to officially produce it?
The family is changing not disappearing. We have to broaden our understanding of it, look for the new metaphors.
here comes Mr. Peer Pressure
yes sir especially if its worth my time
I bet you do.
After today will be Thanksgiving Break! Have a good one, IUPUI students. You've earned it!
i love dueces
Rebecca black and Miley Cyrus would be fun to get baked with.
#Wewantromo we do we do we do-oo
If you can't get someone out of your mind, maybe they are supposed to be there
A rising tide lifts all boats.
if by crazy, you mean brilliant I agree!
Friday night at the gym. Such an exciting life i live.
No scoopers. It's self-serve. Does that count?
Not cool, not cool at all
does any body else notice that a <3 looks like a ball sack
how old r u nigga
A torn jacket is soon mended; but hard words bruise the heart of a child.-- Longfellow
estoy aburridaa !:((( someone plz save me frm this near death experience of boredum mention me !
Clearly deserving to be cuffed. #barneyfife MT : Montee Ball was cited $428 for being on a porch in presence of alcohol.
how was the episode? I can't wait to see it
I have literally seen every single minute of Dragon Ball, Dragon Ball Z and Dragon Ball GT ever made...episodes, movies, fillers, and OVA's
So the boy I like my cuzon likes 0.o o noo :( I have to let him go!
.... i feel like i typed my feelings out on that picture of you for no reasons /////wrists
I know. But at least I only need to redo one portion lol
By outfitting Kemba Walker with jersey No. 1 and Biyombo with No. 0, the Bobcats are re-launching around a simple binary code via
Free Viet Khang and all Vietnamese activist who are imprisoned! We demand human rights, freedom, and for their safe returns back home!
"A Savage Affair" is now on until 7 PM!
Ron Rash and make North Carolina almost as scary as the news presents it.
Congrats to Excited about his future as a leader for the
It's a fair question. The tight clothes didn't make us gay married or anything.
Pay it forward. You got a degree, now help someone else attain theirs.
#15peopleilove He's the most amazing friend you could ask for! He's so sweet and caring to thanks for being and awesome friend!
Having one of those days where everyone I see I think I know. Ew.
Myers' RBI double puts the Cajuns on the board first for a 1-0 lead.
#FF client and friend amazing food there!
shows the critical failure of corporate conscience in this country, root of the OWS effort. Sad, very very sad..
RT : Just talked to Brock. He's pumped. Seems like a good dude.
good for you :)
Seriously some people are so cold hearted!
What took you so long?
Thank you!
don't worry, I do that all the time.
"oh shit this is awkward" *hopping away* ahahaahh
#pcpgh6 anyone know of a good setup to record skype phone cals from laptop for phone interviews?
how could we have been so blind?!
If the product or service you sell is not good enough for you're friends and family then why are you selling it. Zig Zigler
WTF is wrong with people these days
I really really really want donuts with some nice cold milk.
I can sorta of draw when I actually put my mind to it!
I bet you are doey!! we will get some in October!
Engauge Hires Tony Sharpe and Pat Harris into Senior Creative Leadership Roles - MarketWatch (press release)
Still trying to figure that out, but Plato's will be packed
you bet!! We will definitely meet up!!
The song "Lay Lady Lay" is just awful.
FNBJSMGXQIF - how you describe love when love is indescribable.
never give up? I don't even know that spice girls song. Goodbye My Friend wld be mine. But we're talking about Madonna
JTrek Daily Tip: When walking to your vehicle, have your car keys in hand, before walking across the parking lot.
It's...it's possible that no matter how awesome the name I coined for it--Jar Jar Drinks--it was still a bad idea.
ATL's been rained out since Saturday with no end n site. Overcast right now. More rain on it's way.
Quotes of #MauriceSendak's from interviews
That's impressive. Where can I find your mystery series?
nurse joy, chef joy, merch girl joy, nigga joy, but no mama joy. okay... okay...
On my way to school its super cold outside!!!!
Waiting to turn myself into a workaholic
Good times 4sure RT : Flashbacks of good times in PR. Shoutout to , , ,
my mom telling me i could go to hoot fest in july! you better be there! #psanderettememories!
So i woke, stretched, went back to sleep, woke up again, and i still feel tired.
Darlington Nagbe is a BEAST!
Hello Ottawa!!! #TwSIG "Twitter unites the World"
Awesome!! So excited they'll be there, I've never seen them.
I told someone just this week you can show up at the airport with an empty carry-on and buy whatever you need to go anywhere
i only see your retweets too...until this tweet.
double checking a gig date that is two weeks away, we each had it written down for a different date. hm
4th period locker room talks >>>
I would but I have a feeling my penis would turn black and drop off if it came close to your foul reproductive organs.
maybe, maybe not
Still confused on why this happened.
My sister is baking cookies for "homework". Louisville girls catholic high schools...
stuntin dont even sum it up. I feel like i have put in too much work to still be going thru changes wit these ni99as
we love you too! Great job!!
You seen the doc?
Happy Record Store Day
We are your Auto Glass Experts in the Milwaukee area. Call for quotes, advice or appointments. 414-409-7263
It's thundering hxc... atleast will be in my bed with me tonight.
I went to VS today & blew money on yogas and a crop top. Why? Bc I have a money spending problem.
tip for a bit of success is live a little and take risks
Just started following ... wow, great posts!!!
"you calling my bluff?" "no. I'm calling you beautiful"
Wine and a day of deep cleaning the apt...
HEY EVA.. I AM DOING TWO.. GLAMOUR GIRLS & INTERNATIONAL FRESH FACES. GG IS THIS COMING WEEKEND & THE OTHER ONE IFF IS IN APRIL
I swear #jimcaveizel channels #clinteastwood in #personofinterest - main reason I watch.
Quick question, do you think Mitch would have been on Twitter if he was still alive?
so you're the bitch that told the bitch that i'm a bitch.Well listen bitch it takes a bitch to know a bitch bitch
Jons always kicking his symbols, and he broke the snair drum stand yesterday, ya were really working hard for this show saterday!
It means like rock out. Lol.
Ah shit was straight singing my ass off in the Taco Bell drive thru while they had me holding.
althought I love that all your tweets for have been to me haha
Want to talk to a current American U. student during the admissions process? Tweet a question at us and we will tweet back!
I wont a down nigga a true hearted grounded nigga I don't what a fake in your face cause I don't trust you nigga
What's gotten into the Seahawks? This is amazing!!!
what is wrong with blondie? what is she blabbling... #Growth coming on
Such confidence and style on stage. Great job!
A composer is a guy who goes around forcing his will on unsuspecting air molecules, often with the assistance of unsuspecting musicians.
love ya bromandude!
I've got now I don't care about next -Jay-Z
One these days theses niggas will see tht i dnt give a damn no more all i need is a bottle and tht paper feel me.
wow, that is disappointing! We need to keep these one of a kind places around!
Wow! Thx for the cool shout out!
can you bring your charger to work pleasee.?
i get shot
maybe we can check their other sites, fb or something.
Writing, writing and writing some more.
I hate when people pronounce my last name wrong
I apologize for the spam everyone received. I WAS HACKED. Let me know if you recieve any crap about many a ton of money in a day. Thanks.
Got it. Not jealous. Go Pack!“: I'm not actually there! It's a worldwide check in! You can too! I'm in Drew's basement...”
It is so good!
Ah, but it was (I saw a mosquito, too!). Ticks as well. Blech!
I'm here if ya'll need me. No bribes required.
2011.10.01 First bad omen / tap beer now costs 8.50 / lame souvenir cup
I can only throw building blocks at my subconscious by living an interesting life; I cannot write the story of my dreams.
anything that has John "Uncle Jesse" Stamos getting headbutted is #1 in my book
nice background, sir. lol
Tell me, baby is it yes or no.
I have Tuesday off who wants to hang out
it is impssible!
on resisting the instrumentalization of the university.
Looks like Phil was the one blowing up today...and Rory is still playing like a boss.
Thank you Brian...
Food then work in an hour...
God please protect me from bitch ass niggaz... Bitch ass bitchez too. - P.Diddy
: I agree about Nirvana. As far as Bowie goes, it's "Life On Mars" all day long for me. Love. (also: the Labyrinth, b/c I can.)
1 ply sucks.
Urgent: Congress is rushing to deregulate Wall Street—pushing a cynically named “JOBS Act.” This bill could pass as early as Monday.
We're more in love with you RT : in love with :')
It's over for the loins!!
So who has picked up "Icon Of Resolution" on RockBand so far?
hey! you're living in a minority speaking country now. say it right!
Please Understand This isn't just goodbye this is can't stand you this is where the road crashed into the ocean and rises all arround me
LMAO "The ringleader pulled a live crab out of his pocket and threw it at the cashier"
A. Identification. Scope of Project. A payment plan.
": is this a regular holiday ritual? Lol
You have a business line or email...? My name is Carolynn Le
I love tweeting about my bathroom experiences.
Taylor may not be around , but she lost the moon while countin the stars ;D
#uppers Right. We are viewing them through Amer-centric eyes. Or, Betty Davis eyes..........I'm not sure.
Someone is on an Arrested Development kick
Blitzkreig in the schwarpunckt of the zeitgeist. Lollypops sunshine smilies and butterflies. nonsense blah hate twitter
I actually am not as bad anymore. #AdeptMagic helps my life out a lot. #FireballForTheWin!!!!!
We also ask that you share ANYTHING YOU MADE !!! just submit the pictures or send through dm with a message !! <33
whatre u doing in Phoenix #OpeningDay is in #LA! ;) Hola backatcha RT : Greetings to from your fan in
I like facebook for the groups
Go Thunder!!
U did it we live it !
After this week, no more microbiology ever again! Not listening to anymore academic counselors. "Oh this class is relatively easy." MY ASS!
Isn't that always the way? I hate it when that happens.
I don't think you should...
That was in the late 90's. I was shocked. Couldn't believe it. We tried to help the dude, but he died. It was fucked up.
Thank You Very Very Much =) I Appreciate That A Lot =) Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! :)
Justin: "Shes Beautiful." Ryan: "She has pretty eyes." Chaz: "She has a nice smile." Justin: "& shes reading this now."
Sorry. Tara Kelly. See, I was excited to cite A.S. King.
Man my heart hurts.
is squirrel a majestic beast?
I feel lonely. I wish I could just go home and go back to the way things once were. :-(
Tenacious Cleaning & Admin Services: "Where we Sanitize and Organize your Home and Business with Integrity"
You simply cannot be bored in this city! ;)
So we're off to Portland, Oregon tomorrow for our screening, any tips for what to see & where to go?
Today, I watched Child's Play (movie 1), went for a swim and now a the Library thinking more about candy than my studies.
I know! He is so grown up and mature. And so sexy haha
I love you! Thats all...xD
fine example of those that wouldn't see Irene coming directly at them...
I love iPods. Now I have emoji and everyone else can't see it. Unless they have an iPhone or iPod <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A8><---- koahla bears are awesome
Wait. People are making threats against Blake and his wife because his missed a 3 at the end of the Lakers game?
its my birthday in 3 minutes!!!
Eat Pray Love
Omg stfu you know nothing kid
The applications are rolling in! We're thrilled to have each & every one! Special thanks to for hustlin' today! LURVE YOU!
for a little while still. come on over!
Kudos to everyone who helped Lotties Lounge raise $300 and 300 pounds of food for the Rainier Valley Food Bank!
I would say yes, as it shows a kind of approval of them. But I'm not one to speak for my wifey.
has some dope ass tweets lol
gotta thank god once again for wakeing me and still keeping me
another great W!! Love the atmosphere. Can i get a pic between games.
The more I'm finding out the more disgusted I get -.-
Sounds promising....
Why force something u know it's not meant to be
RT : In AZ we must now all ask ourselves, "What would a wise Latina do?" #ocra #tcot> go south as fast as possible!
I still got them winning game 7. But it won't be easy.
just read your book! Loved it! So uplifting and encouraging just at a time when I'm bogged down worrying about test scores..
#NameAFollowerWhoGaveYouHead can I name followers I have that I know have given head, cause damn.. I got a few.. Smh.
Line dance event will benefit Drew Michael Taylor Foundation - Chambersburg Public Opinion
Joe Frazier has left the ring. :(
Somebody at Facebook is getting fired.
"We are the fetus of our higher consciousness." Jean Houston at the
sorry to hear Pepper moved away
"How about be clear?" ~The Universe Loves Specificity!~
Cher to Wisconsin - "Snap out of it!"
I want to meet you!!! Come back to Austin!
I like the whole show - tremendous
Nasty stuff going on with Blockbuster stock.
Yaay! Tomorrow is friday! (:
I don't know any Riot Grrrl organizations or bands in Latin America but I do in South America.
People love 2 see me miserable.
we jus sent you an email we look forward to chatting with your team
that's a GREAT epic night!
Hi. :-) Thanks for following.
Tweeting a lot today. Sorry tweeps, I'm at the
Adding some sweet lil New 2012 Designer Skin lotions today!
Egyptian women used to use henna to lighten their hair.
I'm a bad instagrammer. Not my fault there hasn't been anything worth snapping in a min.
Eric Dawalt jr, I love you child! I don't ignore you I say hi ALL the time!! :o we need to hangout sometime because I miss you!
small business ideas here
make a wish babe(:
we like experienced teachers!
Yeah I'm no angel, I'm just me But I will love you endlessly Wings aren't what you need, You need me
What's that? Oh, you know...just a screen door.
In need of a back rub...
“: #2omf have the same twitter name” lol really?!
that's when I think the weirdest stuff
Just finished washing the dirt out my scrapes. Despite this snafu, still sad to say
double. dogg. dare u. D O Double G
you should follow and look him up on YouTube and he sings BOYFRIEND by his name is Dylan Hyde!!
I wanna o go-kartin
I had Somebody tell me I fall off ohh I needed that!
Appreciate it!
Why didn't they use #GEWorks as the hashtag instead of #Whatworks?
Lol yes, really!! How am I supposed to know? I've never been to a game..I've never even seen one on TV lol
So true!! RT : The two best ways to get to a #Cancer's heart are great food and good jokes.
Advice of Day: Don't get discouraged because of the next persons opinions, Live your life by YOUR standards , not society's!
We (javelins) have continued making progress, on our fuzzed-out pop song. only 10 more to go.!!! here's to 2010
#churchfolk do not make any sense at All! Their actions always always contradict their words!
The matter of our love blooms more then ever before.
If I don't see you tomorrow, have an awesome Mother's Day!!! You deserve it!!! And your mom too!!
just Shapses Hananel and Orell , on the beach right now, house is amazing. Still time to come!
pray Hun u gone b ok
This image is 28,800 pixels wide. No big deal. O.o
Hm... you like it? I was thinking you as a iPad man.
There is only one pretty child in the world. And every mother has it. - Chinese Proverb
back to the office whirlwind after #dusaconf. pretending i am sitting in stillness with pico in rural japan. it's nice here....
Thank you to Sylvester Middle School and Heidi Gleb for having me speak yesterday. I had a great time!
Hey todays hot deal we have Red or Green chile cheese dog fries and a drink for 6.75 all day
Visited Citycenter. You know thank goodness for that place! Because if Vegas is short of anything.. It's casinos, hotels & pricey shops. ;O)
ha ha yu funny but I ain't hear my fone damn bitch calm dwn
Check out see Gods work through music
Today is #nationalrunningday...get out there and move those feet! :)
why strange? Eagles have no heart and can't finish. Let it go, bro. Why is media so fascinated w/ Philly.
spam subject: 'order vulcanizing equipment for the one you love.' this will remain one of my life's lesser mysteries.
haha... Same thing happened to me when I installed that app.
Love my Ipad. The newest update allows folders! Finally!
fact r facts. Carrie rocks
doing well. I am home with family and friends right now, which is absolutely amazing.
I'm sure MLK would disagree with you.
Lol, don't trip my dude!
My boyfriend cheated on me....when? Valentines Day!
Working on presentation for classification workshop at
i love you to austin keep going when push comes to shove!! :))
RT : Empower your employees to do what it takes to make ppl happy
Next time someone suggests indoor skydiving, run don't walk! - the ringleader, -the catalyst, - the natural
Time to get back to my characters' roots... Dead Rising time!
RT : I will be up for the next couple of hrs only to nap for a couple of hours and wake up early for a project... >>
is being laughed at by an anole who has been watching her try to start this pressure washer. he is an asshole anole.
and don't worry, i have an extra fixie & a 90s style thermal, so we can ride after the event. well listen to The Thermals too.
Eating Chinese...thought of U ~ 2012 will be an #EPIC year!
work with me you say??? Careful what you wish for...lol.
Looks like weather fit for a duck at Yankee Stadium. Seagulls taking over the Wrigley outfield.
Well-put. And as long as people believe the "Every game matters" lie, it's not going anywhere.
When #oomf calls me baby >>>
WE SAW PATRICK KANES PARENTS !!!!
Wow - it's been a while away from the virtual party 'cuz I've been so busy with real loves of music and artist lady. Lucky me & best wishes!
you too :)
perhaps one day! Didn't get to try it out though
follow me please! i love you!!! <3
OR AG Kroger tells that agencies should face mandatory deadline to release records.
RT : People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.
#BellaandEdward are across the table from us!!!
Just heard at #WHSummit #Columbus- The US spends more to mow grass along highways than on public transportation.
Have you seen the "good girl gone Badger" shirt yet?
Do you talk w the tapeworm you got in a foreign country, too?
Awesome, thanks :)
I'm still drowning... Drowning in your love..
all you had no jam
You can never have too many Thug Life tattoos.
no come here :)
Live streaming the new york city st.patricks day parade! My sister is marching!!
oh wow, really? Awesome! :D
Magic tied 1 -1 with the Pacers
Twitter is my blocker today.
Yo mama's so stupid that she burned down the house with a CD burner.
This makes me miss my Uncle so fucking much, I already know he'd be here with us right now. <U+E40F> Why did you have to go and leave me...
I couldn't be more happier with how things are going right now.
Thanks Nancy! Hope you are well!
I am! Ready for everyone to join in tomorrow. :-)
RT : If Tim hudak is so concerned about the economy, why is he going to cap minimum wage and stop CTB?
Thanks Louise - fingers crossed for a big shout out this weekend at least. Watch this space.......
Have you found any interesting images?
Hi Holli! How's Emily doing? I know she was really close with Hayley as well. I've been praying for all of you.
Just be happy
very good analogy, in deed.
wait why scream?
The poorest man is not without a cent, but without a dream. -Unknown Author
": When life brings you on your knees, you're in a perfect position to pray. <U+2665>"
another morning at Zanzibar Brews finishing a categorical grammar final. Then computational linguistics...and finally Winter break freedom!
Every things good till it goes bad, and you gon tell all the people about the fun you used to have.
Cant wait for towin im gonna be jumping up and down and probs crying happy tears
hey just said UK will lose in the SEC tourney.
I can't remember how I can't remember why I'm lying here and i cant stand the pain
Ya'll bro it out or what?
The sun is so nice after a storm
Bad call ref
Happy monday:) but school again-.-
Idk what I'm watching but there's so many hot white guys.. I think I'm drooling
Today, till noon, get your veggie groove on at the Farmers Market...
Now ,not sure WHY ya'll so willing 2 rush headlong 2 that particular mousetrap ,but the divorce lawyer association of America welcomes U !
I promise myself that everyday I will be creative in some way <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
how did you get any work done?!
Cuz im a lesbian . But its okay :) RT : why the face? lol
Girl, u got me rolling! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>RT : Two sad bitches Pau&amp;Kobe both on the bench together.
awwwe i feel so special bff love u 2
can i ever get a tweet from you?
Loading carbs, made some delicious garlicky tomato sauce and quinoa pasta for dinner.
Stop looking at the world to tell u what your voice should be... LOOK UP.
It doesn't say a lot for the world of music when 2 of the main stars in attendance at the World Music Awards are Paris Hilton & Peter Andre.
Wake up. Throw up. Feel better. Go back to bed. Repeat.
def not a nigga that cheated on his girl, got burnt, burnt her, and look dumb af #gtfoh bro
This morning I feel like I am understanding when ppl say "I think we should have another child"...
thanks for the #RT!
are you having okra with those ribs? I miss okra since I moved to the NE
I cant wait earn my insanity shirt... Gonna take before pics tomorrow
Also, sick during finals week. No freakin' thank you sir.
Rocking out in lunch to the moody's point theme song with pals (y)
Im going on Americas Goty Talent tomorrow!! What should I sing?? Tweet me!!
Free promotion? Get more for yourself at the site on my profile. You will thank me :) do you follow 4 follow?
great speech, thanks for the appreciation of Mo and his wife.
Went on a six mile run. In other news, I'm painfully out of shape.
preparing for the cult show!!!!! This Friday Cult-Baltimore will be presenting a fantastic event @ 11 w. chase st. gallery opens at 2.
100% of patients report their dentist does not perform blood pressure checks & blood screenings. Fight heart disease. www.closys.com
if SCOTUS overturns #HCR can the proceeds of your next book go to covering those of us who got insurance then lost it again.
ehhhh... Ok i guess. I just hope my scores are good
Yippee!!! “: So, Ray Allen will play tonight. Glad my sources came through for me. Enjoy the game tonight. #Celtics #Hawks”
Defying all sorts of logic, reason, and common sense, I still appreciate Valentine's Day.
Imma get noticed my just watch .... (:
thanks for rt
Yesterday, I survived the 1st day of 5th grade and today I tackled the 6th with success! So happy to teach my students both old and new!
one problem is narrow defintions of #pubarch some think its only CRM or teaching kids
At the book signing! :D
Gee, I wonder why Romney issued a statement today of all days - and only after POTUS remarks
Has anyone ever heard on yogurt called " YoCrunch "?
Have now eaten four sloppy joes today.
Who's goin to river riot?
T. Mills is playing in fort Wayne tonight and I'm not going. Fml.
Do for one what you wish you could do for everyone -Andy Stanley
I have Blues, and rednose pits for sale. they have their shots ans papers ready 2 go. Rita 404.454.1494
:) I just did a WOLVES IN THE WALLS adaptation. It's been a Gaiman summer.
Coe Hall will be open on July 4. Enjoy the museum and park on our nation's birthday!
If you donated, grab your shirt from the 1st floor registration desks before going upstairs for lunch! Shirts for all after lunch. =)
You obviously just never met the right gay boy. I love all of this! I basically want 's job.
I'm curious to see what you think about our offerings. :) Please let me know.
Awesome, thanks! My goal is to blog more... so that's one way to motivate me to do so! :)
Wow. A guy threw his 7 year old son in the ocean?! What is wrong with people these days? Its sick.
All I want for Christmas is for #SJDK to come back to DC. hint hint.
i thought all of the iconic boyz were gonna use the same account...
HighGlitzLounge is searching for current title holders to interview for their fabulous blog. Email for details
Reading the conversations re lecture and immediacy in classroom Two English comp infolit classes today=good practice.
thanks for the follow! looking forward to #leesburg info. i have a potential story for the magazine. who should i contact?
the lights on Cinderella's castle
Summer camps right around corner. Boys HS Team Camp is full for this weekend but others have openings. www.transycamps.com
Do we really have to listen to these jokers? Give me a break.
good look Fam
“: Fireworks! May I ask why?” Because why the fux not?!
iight, I'm in that bitch.
-- waiting for my 'non compete' to expire! Start anchoring KOIN's 4pm news next month
Perfect planning! RT : Spending the day relaxing at Tudor Place in georgetown and at the monuments
I'll whoop ya Sunday. Look 4 me. Ultimate Warrior. sec 150 Rw 9. I play rough!
Had an amazing day with ms gabby schlife and ms Paige ward can't wait to party all weekend long : ) 6 weeks left til I move : )
not if you get the security guard to drive you around in the golf cart.
Count down until off work. Had a deep tissue massage last night so I'm ready to go kill back and Bi's
Austin LOVES Italian food! RT if you do too. (:
GOOD MORNING! Make it a GREAT day!!!!
Haha, listening to you guys while chillin in computer animation class!
If you not on my level please stay out my way
I'm so there tom morn! : is doing free tune-ups at Alterra on 1st all week long; 7-9am; free coffee & food!
Matt Chandler's sermons on Ecclesiastes were solid and helpful and worth looking into.
Just finished the Pinterest challenge.
Did you make another profile?
That is so awesome to hear!! I'm excited for you and keep positive ALWAYS!!! :D I'm believing for you as well!!:))
RT - The player rep for free agent QB David Garrard said Wednesday that his client is not signing with
it is of­ten in un­ed­ited mo­ments, mo­ments in which we hes­i­tate and stut­ter and go si­lent, that we re­veal our­selves to one an­other
Hearing KFMA Day lineup makes me cry inside
do they ACTUALLY have one direction cups at milkshake city?
Analyzing &amp; Accounting for Search Partners
MY DOG ATE A FREAKIN SQUIRREL OMG EW.
I can't with you lol
Ocean Acidification... in a nutshell
Layin down some vocals in the studio then off to write with Keith Burns
I love you baby :)
did you enjoy it last night?
you tell 'em!
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn When she is texting him when she is with you.
#IfWeedWereLegal i would be legal
I return in a couple days for like a month so we will be raising hell a lot! And let's take a trip to see :D
Books on learning/change: Switch by Heath Brothers, Change or Die by Deutschman, Influence by Cialdini
LOVE that song.
That sounds like a good time all the way around...
That show is the worst, even Maggie Smith's hammy Edith Evans impressions can't maket watchable
can you say Richard? And by Richard I of course mean Dick.
Come to bdubs!!
he barely acknowledged me told me ty didnt sell that item and turned his back to me. No customer service skills at all!
Prom and teens tanning not a good mix. As bad as exposure to mustard gas cigarettes and arsenic. Tanning beds huge cancer risk
Love that phrase!
": Over 3k followers.nice. playing star fox on Nintendo 64 who remember that" awesome game played that too much haha
Yeah and fever and my throat hurted. my throat still hurts though. xD
Have you given much thought to what kind of job you want after you retire?
When it take 4 minutes to get up 3 floors in an elevator you know it's bad
Umm so would Kerry Wood, Mark Prior and Edison Volquez. Dusty fried all their arms
my bad lol I felt bad for him
#BoilerUp for Purdue Baseball RT : Boilers up to No. 19 in Top 25 & up to No. 22 in Collegiate Baseball.
Shoutout to the beliebers who have been a belieber from the start but haven't seen Justin in person yet. I'M WITH YOU.
Yes!!!!! Hahaha we need to drink soon!
For a showcase. Here less than 24 hours.
& how did it get this way? My philosophy: if one book=good, 27 = better! + the Kindle is a total enabler. No tough love there.
Preds game! Hoping they don't play like shit again... #ComeOnPreds :)
Sneak Peak at our NY eve specials at George's Chop House - Bone-in Ribeye, Lobster Dinner, Tenderloin and Lobster.... M!
thanks for the follow! We're in an awesome industry. #Crowdfunding is the way to go! :)
lookin' mighty spiffy today!!
We didn't create Ptales to encourages kids to read. We created it so kids could get more out of books. We assume kids want to read.
HA! HA! You're right! Who needs #twittermovie script when you got =D
happy birthday babe:)
"I imagine you're extremely pleasant to mount."
Audrey Hillyer is on the struggle bus today haha
My episode of General Hospital airs the 16th @ 2pm on ABC // 10pm on the Soap Net !!
...visit their booth at the #Big10Expo to find out more from MAJ Christopher Dalrymple.
The text just sent me >>>>>>>> lmfaooooo
is that funny?? Lol
all my blunts look pre-rolled
Just watched #GodistheBiggerElvis. Amazing documentary about starlet who became Prioress! #WhatSistersMeantoMe #HBO Watch it!
Wishing everyone a L'Shanah Tova!
Thanks, Clifford the Big Red Cornell Dog
The downside of the "fall back" -- 11:46p and I'm still up.
I could have told you billy crystal doesn't have enough jokes
Dis lady jus amitted she was cheating da whole time even when she brought him on da MAURY show fo cheating #WatchEm' women be
might have messed up ... but remember everyone makes mistakes...but atleast they kept it going.
follow back?
Am I the only one working today besides people at the grocery stores?
“: I made it to work.. #wow” I'm speechless lol
lol.. I think we all wish that no?
What about private money, which is dontated to LAUSD for Social Media Position and not to classroom?Analysis too simplistic!
no sightings no update yet
I have often wondered why it seems to be such a bad thing to tell someone that you're interested in them....
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kickboxing
Or plans to open any restaurants in the south, like DALLAS? Dallas LOVES you Tyler! <U+2665>
My post office closes at 5, not 4!!
Check out the Denver Daily deal! W.denverdailydeals.com
Same to you!
MT : While cranking Aerosmith's #LivingOnTheEdge RT #Blago back in volvo & going to prison...we think.
Hunger Games has finally been ousted from the top of the box office, with Think Like A Man at no. 1 last opening weekend....
Happy Birthday, Mark Martin!!! (:
Best tip for SM: Be Human! “: Go Justyn! RT : Up next is Justyn Howard, #SocialMediaContest4SmallBiz”
Maybe Kobe Bryant can relax a bit in Vail after this loss. Oh wait.
RT : Always healthy tension between academically rigorous research and community based research? At odds?
Excited for the show. Been a good week for Pittsburgh live music with St. Vincent/Shearwater and now you &
"Hasta en el infierno hay más diablos" (Even in hell, there's too many devils)
Unless the favorites are clanking also!!
nice picture! Is it great being away from it all for a while?
What? That's crazy!
"Yeah i'm in shape.......shape of a sphere!"
now the lambada I remember lol
so he sent pat summit?
this ducky was being a bad boy!
Taking 3 Drugs At 1 Time, Ducking 1 Time, Can You Niggas Stop Hating On Bug$y For 1 Time
can't sleep. gonna watch "dog eat dog" on #netflix. nite <3
They judge me before they even know me. That's why I'm better off alone sometimes. –Shrek<U+2665>
I can see it but I don't dare give directions. It's on a main street, don't recall name. Locals would know it for sure
Hello to you as well! Glad we found you.
Get lost and get right with my soul.
Back is on the mend. That's the last time I accept free tix to SPIDER-MAN: TURN OFF THE DARK.
Are you sticking around for the Public Digital Humanities Roundtable at McGill on Monday? is speaking
I love you too.
yeah I hear you on that ..be so awesome to see him!
Man I'm so sick I got ambulances pulling me over and shit
when i waz finally able to breath sense my brother waz chancing me all over i saw tori and andre tasting/liking their hands weird lolz :)
Eh maybe I try too hard lol. Sure if you can. Don't really know actually cuz I'm not sure what I want.
True. But it's the Giants' only trip to NYC this year, so I'm bummed to have caught only one game. Food is a consolation, tho!
It's days like this that make me wish I could work all the time .
Major props to and for spreading the word about us!
#sun7 sharia law -if he & his followers hate our country & the way we do things so much, then why dont they all move back 2 the middle east?
Anyone using eBackPack? Working well for you?
#codeacross Bonnie Dumanis, San Diego DA in Viz Center ---candidate 4 Mayor, promoting open-source software, savings, accountability, future
y no tienes que ir a tijuana!
Happy bday to ya!
Imy..... Where have you been all my life?
appreciate and enjoy
I think he compares to a less heavy Ahmad Bradshaw. Thoughts?
that's why I went there lol
glad you got on!
I find it fascinating that most folks plan their vacations with far better care than they do their lives.
I agree with ; maybe 15%....if we are lucky.
I can't wait to see Gangster Squad.
"It is your work in life that is the ultimate seduction." ~Picasso #quote Do you love your work?
I wonder if #oomf ever keeps a straight face in any pic... Or at least a smile..
Call 513.621.ARTS to purchase tickets for Friday May 18th concert with Kirk Franklin.
We meet again - I am #nowfollowing you on
Dexter rerun is almost on! Sweet jesus
"You just got punk'd Bitch!" - Miley Cyrus LOL Miley! I love you even more!
get a hold of this kid jutz
Almost done with work. I'm so tired.
& - Thanks for the RT!
i dont have a phone.
RT : Why don't WI Gov. Walker & State Senators/Reps cut their own generous pensions/healthcare. Better than what teachers get.
Above all else, guard your heart, for it is the wellspring of life. - Solomon
RT : Monday Office Talk: recap of the absolutely amazing #cincodemayo Mexican feast by and the kick ass team of...
Some one needs to man up and stop crying about getting hurt
Im done with this
Can't believe I ever thought you were ok...
best team to follow
#whenifirstmet he wanted to buy my jersey number from me...still remember that one #44 is mine Pepco
Fire at the dance studio
: For law enforcement & consumer protection, T Ridge & L Freeh back online #poker licensing. The #PayrollTax Cmte should too!
You're almost as tall as his hat!
"tight jeans, DD"s, making me go WOO OHH"
The things me and do
Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure. - Confucius
Fat thumb syndrome -- design mobile sites differently, include space, no flash, easy to read, don't make the user zoom says
Hopefully nobody jumps the shark during the book!
If u need info from cleveland clerk courts dont call it take less time 2 drive down in person & wait in line bring food water
Brad Gilderman, Jamie Muhoberac???? Stop all this psychic madness!
time fly's when you're avoiding homework :)
I am officially out of hazelnut creamer. Coffee-drinking cannot and will not resume until a trip to Trader Joe's.
Thinking about the question i got asked yesterday
World Football - Top Portuguese team plays with eight men
DiamondRock Hospitality Company Beats First Quarter 2012 Guidance And Raises 2012 Outlook
im excited for her to come to QU!!
95% of jobs lost were of women jobs ... that can't be true ... killer man ... silent war on women is an under statment...
see you soon!
Just talked to HIlton and they are tier matching me as a dimond member for 2012. Take that Hyatt
I wanna visit the "middle of nowhere", maybe life is better there
RT : Tweet #GetAmbushed by Friday 4 chance to win a tkt to our 10/22 fashion/art spectacular! www.ambushevents.com
I love it
Thanks so very much to , , , Minna from and guests! We had a lovely evening with you all.
lol, accidentally responded with my personal account, how's that for human touch ;-)
...i like badgers.
The life of a music fan comes full circle: Interveiwing WESTON today on XPN2!!!
Make sure that you install a tracking app on your phone BEFORE you need it!
MAY DAY MARCH IN SOUTHWEST HOUSTON AT 150 AND COUNTING..
It's awesome that they're making two top movies, The Hobbit and The Runelords picture at the same time.
holy crap that thunder just shook my house...#ThunderInFebruary?!
tell him to listen to his voicemail. I called him on Sunday
is she looking at a fortune here? Have you seen her stash?
so sorry girl!! This takes everything. But strong we gotta be. Are u waiting for transplant/
So, this fella can drive a racecar
As long as there are men, there will be war
Brandon Randolph put on a show for the Santa Clara asst.coach and his mom had the crowd rocking to nite as he goes for 30
Finally my turn to drive.
make babies
It is way too cold SoCal! I want it to be warmer :)
I've called hotline 2 hrs before game before (as I was leaving my house) and there was no roof update. Kind of hard to plan
Maybe a giant cup-o-coffee and a double-chololate-fudge-espresso cookie wasn't such a great idea. Watch out !
sebt this morning homie sorry for the delay!
She actually said she had to "whip the crack" instead "crack the whip" when it came to Lindsay working...
I can see why it is easy to remember...
will do!
I like having good days! :-)
Happy Friday thanks for the FB!
so glad I stumbled upon the show. Changed my perspective forever
Mazzi Maz follow me because I am awesome.... simple-but effective
Things are going pretty well; I got a scholarship to the NASIG conference, and the semester's almost over. Beatley misses you!
I disagree. “: Apple considered putting a real keyboard on the original iPhone. <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1> oh what a mistake that Would have been.”
agreed. You'd think all that techno know-how used for rides and shows could be applied to online dining reservations
Hm well I might do that then
#Lebron should be fined...throwing a shoulder on a guy sprinting is downright dirty. Doesn't he usually miss things in the 4th quarter?
Today is garbage plate day at the Newdigs office! Our only vegetarian, , wasn't here to protest.
Only an hour and 35 minutes till halo reach comes out! WE WILL BE RECORDING IT FOR EPISODE 4.5!!! :D
I've never seen people actually read the instructions on what to do of the plane is crashing. The people next to me are taking it seriously.
Samples and Drops are where the party is at! Check them out, up now, on #productionvault!
same to you rajjjo rani :)
text me
“jobanni vente a comer", “hay voy". You look dome when you do that!
Good point. I bet statistically there is no difference between either strategy.
What is your greatest challenge reaching customers?
who's this raul Martinez? He sent me the most disgusting pic I've ever seen lol
hey do u remember me? :)
RT - the indians get too play on national tv now we in there cleveland lol
"There Might Be Giants" More like "There Might Be Morons"
Debating about the "talent" of Channing Tatum at 1:30 in the morning instead of writing papers
Lots of them- but not that one..
fixed the follow thing.. What a bad bug.. I will give a look at the dates.. Thanks.. see you at beer thing?
A bird just flew into my window, can't breath.
Morning! We really need u please hurry & get home lol!
Just tried-doesn't work-removed on all versions RT : Try it, but according to Twitter it away because it takes the spirit of Twitter
IM SO PROUD I CANT WWAIT FOR YOUR ALBUM TO COME!!!!!!!:]
By the way...I'm #Floating s/o to
Educators must believe that all [students] can learn - principle #5 <<college admins and faculty must also remember this
Shout Out To , Go Follow Him Now :)
np! Thanks for the follow...or following back...or however it went...lol I'll look for you on fb!
got most of paperwork today calling tomorrow to schedule..I will let you know but it probably won't be while u r there:{
M can't wait.
Angel Cabrera just withdrew from the Player's Championship for "personal reasons". Which means it's happy hour at Hooters.
i know exactly what you mean :/
S/O to my new follower thanks for the follow sweetheart!!!!
This week's #FF goes to of Octagon. Great follow for sports and celebrity endorsement analysis.
Doing my older brothers homework should I make him get an D or a C!????? Bahahaha
RT Anyone need a website done contact !!!!
Welp that final didn't go to well...
Can it be tomorrow so I can leave for NJ?
have so much fun! I love that event.
Is it really that hard to be nice ;p
That new record playing on right now is a problem.
i picked ODU, but Butler's success is indirectly vindicating my bracket. Mostly by wrecking everyone else's...
Daft Punk and a cup of Coffee it gets me going
I'd just like to say.. You are fffiiinnneee!!! <U+E418>
haha he jus walked up n here i wuz like ha wuz good..bang some big krit ha
Bout to upload some bids of me flowing on my tablet
Time to go back in!!! My shoot schedule is lining up!
not everybody's rich enough for HBO .. LOL!
Public lobbying via Twitter is fine, just not in the middle of a hearing.
Dissected owl pellets today... Kool.
love it when you kiss me. you intoxicate me. i barely can breathe i love it when you kiss me.
Good thing my friend brought his Charlotte Hornets windbreaker from 1998.
what up
#forreally RT : I love the ambitious people. Where my ladder climbers at?!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> Relationships are like glass. Sometimes its better to leave them broken than try to hurt yourself puttin it back together
All of these rumors that have been started about Harry being bi, and now his mom tweets about it. Stop the rumors!
is getting married..... AHH
i eat pussy like a retarded kid in a ice cream factory..i love a crooked pink juicy koolaid smile..let me taste ur flava bay-bee!! ;p
New to this twitter thing.. just noticed this good lookx Fam ya site is Dope 2!
like that will ever happen i don't like getting involved in cooperate matters its not my scene but what can a guy do
Thank you for editing down that horrific rape scene #oscars #GirlWithDragonTattoo #best editing
Hanging out in the Seoul airport watching -- love technology!
#20ThingsAboutMe i read books like their going out of style
AWSOME SHOW JOB WELL DONE
Come get your Comicon on. June24-26th Mention you saw this and get a free soda in the concessions.
Ha! To clarify, there was NO making out.
Its just puppy love lol
Help us get to 100 followers! We're trying to preserve the cultural uniqueness of
Thanks to listener Steve Frost for winning $350 donation bid on a pair of tix to RIP City Classic. See basketball, help kids
Scene kids are annoying I'm glad that trend has pretty much died out
getting ready to make Wolf Peach & Herb treats....want to see these in a store near you? let me know!
Had a good day even tho it was cold. ;) put some love on the crew.
lmao thats either good or bad your telling me to "Shut the fuck up" or your telling me ' es E ........." lmao
Shelhamer: evidence suggests motion sickness is indeed a risk in a single suborbital parabola. Train/pre-adapt to max success
richard wil we see u thur,dec15 for graduation ceremony? 7-8pm, 7 grads. personally inviting our VIP pals. clearly u'r one of 'em
#20ThingsAboutMe I hate school
please follow my boo BFFL
Your Duke thing. Only saw it just now.
I can't wait till tomorrow:))<U+2665> Muahhh
listening to thunder
Some changes are to come this week. Excited to more forward
Laying in bed.. can't fall asleep bc all I can think about are my mosquito bites and they itch like crazy! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Having a blast in florida....gettin ready to go to downtown disney(:
Baby show me by the way you hold me .... <3
what do you mean ? Thats a creative ass name and it took a lot of time to come up with it
if you still have RydeSafe stickers, that'd be rad : )
Giving up is just another way to get back home..
Land Rover Aims To Reach £1 Million (GBP) Fundraising Goal From 'Journey Of ... - Middle East Events (press release)
hey heather, does your kindle accept a flash drive for added memory?
The ridiculous-looking mythical creature on KU's court is hurting my eyes.
no doubt, Wallace & Dre are the only 2 who seem to want it.
Thanks for the props!!!
RT : "Prayer is not boring when you know how to" - learn how to get past yourself and FERVENTLY pray.
SO did you go to the big bash last night?
We can get used to this weather. What flavor are you having tonight?
it's as it should be!!
lol will send 100 tweets in about 5 min time flat
Do I tradeoff all the added functionality of my Logitech MX Revolution mouse on my MBP for the benefit of using Synergy across 2 computers?
Getting my eyes checked. New glasses in the future?
Making chili a diet food. Vegetables in vegetable sauce.
What's really, really good?
I've been at #MDC north for no longer than 2 minutes. The things here are..well interesting to say the least
follow for follow anybody?!?!
“When in doubt: simplify and deal with structure.”-F.G.
awesome!! U will be a fine nurse and an above average wii player
Back it up, back it up &d put it on me....
I'm distinctly feeling guilty that I have a account and no idea what to do with it.
Hope you enjoy your Canon lens.
Sincere thanks for RTs! Have a wonderful weekend
I may be really bad at audio editing, but I am awesome at wasting time listening to the different types of sounds that robots can make.
Just wanted to say you are the man brother. Thanks for always keeping a level head. Been a fan of yours since I was 8.
Big things happening today
And for Dayan Viciedo, he says "A bullet off the bat of the tank!"
tag your reps in congress on twitter and tell them to say NO to PIPA & SOPA!
I'm a great parker!
Thank you, sir. Most kind.
Im daa shitt bitchh. Look at my neck, DAMN. Look at my wrist, DAMN. Look at my bitch....DAMN.
about to go Shoot a hunting show in oklahoma..try to shoot a turkey
so bEAT
Brackets complete and turned in? Check! May MARCH MADNESS begin!
Everyone follow she is so grand Follow her plzz i promise u tht you wont regret it :)
Golden spoon <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Legend in 2 sports. Basketball star, too.
Happy 14th Birthday(: I hope it is as ICONic and GRAND as you! I love you and i really hope you see this<3 off to school:/ bye(:
one more hw assignment and then SLEEP!
Just locked eyes with Halle Berry's baby daddy!
I want to see the Hunger Games movie
Authentic prayer, God-Centered prayer, realizes that the promise of prasyer is God Himself. - Derek W.H. Thomas
sounds kinda suspect lol
Bitches is pullin off they eyelashes n shit nowadays
The Bjork moment with Eva Braun just kills me.
Show in Rio tonight, Sao Paulo tomorrow then home for a week off/do taxes
where the fuck are these photos ccoming from?
How to check-in sport equip? no option online. Try to reach customer service since days, now its down completely, flying tmr.
OUTRAGEOUS! Why is my $200 camera waterproof to 50 meters and I've had two iPhones cack it in teensy puddles. Jobs FAIL
Do you know a juggler named Michael Price? He was on #AGT ep. 2 yesterday and made it to Vegas. You're better!
RT #devlearn participant: if mgmt balks at the word "social" start saying "collaborate" instead. same conv #govlearning today
My mom actually loves But hates Justin Bieber Hahah that means you are truly amazing (:
my gf just started a "culture club" - so excited!
Enter to win a #FREEPIZZA by texting FacebookPJ to 90210. Normal msg rates apply.
i would take Bobby V staying off NY radio for starters! Guy is insane
Join us at day 2! BBQ for lunch at 2
My LAKERS just got Ramon Sessions!!! Lakers are going for the gold this year!!
Everyone needs to go watch the #Intervention episode with marcel and sebastian
Have so much fun! :)
Okaay I just lost an hour of my Life thanks to Daylight Savings. Eesh. Only in the West!
Cool What Color
Fun Fact of the Day: There are around 2,600 different species of frogs. They live on every continent except Antarctica!
woohoo! RT : #HHAwards roll call: who else is going? Hit me up if anyone's up for a tweetup!
Raana, thanks for following me. I am now following you also. Have you proofread one of my Rocky Nook books?
I feel great and you will to! Great read!
Rugby in hd > any other sport (except live rugby). Thank goodness it's super rugby season!
On the way to dinner with & ! takes LA.
When 1 guy treats you like trash and you never deserved it, there is always one waiting to make you his treasure. <3
I wanna go skydiving !!!!
Holy SHIT someone is making a grilled cheese and it smells so fucking good ohmygod
You WILL change your life, by changing your thinking.
Worst. I had a pimple ON my bottom lip last week. Also the worst.
But Shelli, they're only going to use it to go after foreign piracy sites, promise! Why such distrust? ;-)
Just trying to help you break that 900 for your bday! Happy Day.
happy birthday:) hope you have a great day!
Shot time!!!!
I like what they've done with the dance floor by adding cool graphics that match the music
oh i thought you meant you were already home and you're going off somewhere and leaving me in avon:( lol I LEAVE TOMORROW!
It would be awesome if could live with me for 2 or 3 weeks... Tons of people have Xbox and internet. Hard decisions for ocho!!!
#Actors - Having trouble finding someone to rehearse your lines? Download Actsophia app and read your lines back-and-forth with your iPhone!
Thanks so much Annika for the RTs. Hope that you are doing well.
good :) ahh tomorrow we have to fangirl together!!
The only way it is possible for you to see the mountain is to not have your point of view and let yourself be the mountain.~A.H. Almaas
Hula hooped for 30 minutes then, hopped on the exercise bike for another 30 minutes!!! Yeah, me.
Always Smile Bro! Follow Me! #BelieberBoy 99
Bitch I'm the man of the year, year
Listening to The Blame Game when only one headphone works<<<<
better go get your self a pair now
Jesus, you don't waste any time! Congrats! When?
No, I don't think I will accept a collect call from the Grant County Detention Center. Not today. Not ever.
Been Up early grinding ... studying perfecting my craft. Basketball on the brain God in my soul, and my dreams on my heart.
I'm hungover. this doesn't happen to me.
There's Adrian > and then there are other boys.
MADE SUITE SOUNDS!(:
Watching Pi.
Plane tix, lodging, & game tix set!Yep bossman is headed to the Super Bowl again! I knew as soon as the Pats won I'd be busy booking! Lol
HPH's debut music video "Lacy Lets Go"....Monday people!
Have a great day!
time to leave out toodles#test flow
I need a headband too...
Might just give my mom money this year...but then again...
Listening to steve ballmer
don't forget we offer a $10 referral credit for each new client you send in to see us! You can use that credit for any service.
Darn. Of course I'm traveling today!
#TheBestThingInLifeIs just hanging out with your best buds what more can you ask for
Hey David sorry for the late shout out - been off line but I'm back! happy weekend to you!
Thats riight i member now u did say u have a cuz in SD.. So u'll be in LA for summer or SD? I hope so ..
does it really ever end??
IT'S GOING DWN THIS MIN. TUNE IN & GET UR WEEKEND STARTED, DJ TRINI B. HOLDING IT DWN....WWW.tha1radio.com
Just finished hoopin at lifetime... I swear that place is filled with Assyrians
Thx Maria. I have an appointment with an orthopedist this afternoon. It will completely heal soon.
not at all.
all the more important to bring woody back with young staff. like maddux, show them the proper mental attitude.
Can't wait to kick some clan ass. #mH ,
RT : When William Faulkner said, "Man will prevail", I don't think there's anyway he could have predicted Pitbull.
Are you guys surprised that the GSP fight was boring? Cuz really, when was the last time he had a KO/submission? This is the way he is
what are you looking to do ?
I wonder if the auto correct on an iPhone is too blame for the AP error
whos up get at me
Disagree. Any time is a good time for a good joke. The sin here is it was a BAD joke.
Hi JCB Wsh u all bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Hey Gundy, get rafer back in NOW
Too old...too slow...whatever!
Dumbest thing: I can read shorthand and abbreviated messages, I just can't write/text them!
The new Banner Looks GREAT... sure to be seen on a boat near the Union Terrace and at Highway Overpasses!
yay! Let's get married Michelle! We
no prob, Let me check the schedule. Get the power/water figured out?
NOT FUNNY BRETT
Kus she go lookin a hot damn mess !!
Agree - I can recall many #RichardBuckner lyrics, very few
Barriers also include privacy, trust, security, and safety!!!! Balancing between greater good & safety!!!
So true about textbooks...I'm trying to pull the band aid off all the way. I always hated that as a kid.
Yeah!#ClipperNation got to back": #clipperNation it's that time to bring the noise on Sat and Sun so we can tie this thang up
finally someone wanted to do work on me congrats...
I can't think of anything but
To you as well! RT Good morning and happy coffee drinking!
Oh it's nothing, just a return smiley.
Blah blah blah
Clippers game
his best work has to be "Bill and Ted's Adventure"
Great meeting with at the for the NYTM simulcast last night!
Mist came first, then rain, so slow that the drops could be followed as they fell.
love u too! Always!
How would you feel about white rims and black tires? Black crankset, white chain, saddle, and griptape?
Yes! Let's! RT “: let's blithely lift?”
I lOVE YO
Bad review for FEVER by Destafano. Will work for Delirium and Matched fans.
btw, if you'rr hip to Muhsinah, we're bringing her to the Jazz Kitchen next Sunday, just fyi.
Hurray! ST choices really tough this yr. Not sure yet RT : So voting you. Have you checked out the School Trustee...
hit us with a Followback bro! :
such a beautiful day,let's go out :)
Leave it to proposed in front of a PF changs. If I ever get married thats how im doin it.
Contact one of our Rent To Own Specialists today to SCHEDULE A FREE DEMO!!!! Learn more here www.clientrocket.com/rto
Life is playing a violin solo in public and learning the instrument as one goes on. – Samuel Butler
Back to the point, but in that same instance I offered the option of coming to an amicable solution,they were shocked,but needless to say we
7months of being single damn -.-t
I got my phone taken..
I vote for
My #Sweetlife sundance sun salutation whatever you want to call it commencing. No rain today!
Sorry Lizzy :-( RT : I'm just having all kinds of technical difficulties this evening :(
Ha. I've been a slacker considering I haven't checked on my team in a week. Oops. Who's in your starting lineup?
I bet Katy Perry and Russell Brand split because of all those pictures of him dating Zooey Deschanel.
If you wanna ball then follow and listen to his show right now! www.idobi.com
stop dreaming bout justin bieber he's not real...... !!!!!!!
I didn't see you! :(
Jose-Miguel just got married to a dancer friend, Alesha Herrera. Engineer turned pro belly dancer. Might be a story there!
U of M is doing our part to fill the room w/youth & beauty ;) #tacticalurbanism session full, skewing young and sexy
Actor Rowan Atkinson has been discharged from hospital after sustaining a fractured shoulder blade in a car crash this week.
When ever i fight w/ somwone they always have to bring in Robert... I dont understand why? -_-
Text me
With my Best Friend!(: Haven't seen her in a while, I swear we are so crazy togetherr!(:<3
goodbye emails are weird. people are nice. change is in equal parts terrifying and thrilling.
but at the time all I can rember is I'm sure he you whatever had just started out and had to brush up on the way he raps
Filter (band) station
Well rest time is over! On to Mizzou New Play Series!!
TRUE RT : When you give up on someone, it's not because you don't care, it's because you realize they don't.
I'm a pageant and image prep coach in Baltimore; how can I get featured by you/pageant examiner?
Just experienced an amazing, hidden DC Treasure. A. Litteri. Italian heaven.
cause they can't afford the lawsuits from a riot see Ron Artest , Indiana
Time for the Easter egg hunt! May the odds be ever in your favor.
Tel Aviv & Israel
"Blow Up the Library" - seminal work in the development of the embedded Lib concept
Up bored tryna go back to sleep!
Life is a lesson... I just need couple million blessings!!
Despite the fact that lack of regulation got us into this recession every GOP candidate supports the repeal or further easing of regulation
Bought a mountain bike from a buddy who is moving so now I can bike to the gym I'll prolly for from heat exhaustion tho
I <U+2764>UR tweet they are AMAZAYN !!!
School is fuckin bored
Here's your next clue - The winner of the Santorini Sweepstakes has been a member since January 14th, 2011.
RT ": Bryan LaHair is third in MLB in OPS. That is all."
Happy 5th Anniversary boys :)
#whoeverimarry will fit perfectly in my arms.
Bun Today <3
Working on the website for Salon La Bonne Vie. Be sure to book your appointment, call (303) 242 1271.
Doug Parks Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Great performance by Mark Florentine last night at Fatso's!
A big umbrella is the next best thing to a cane, accessorially speaking.
That's what I was wondering. Alternates?
Yall Listen to this Music nah a days that say bitch, hoe, suck my dick, sluts and all that and u Praise that but if i do it it's a problem !
Tomorrow it's gonna snow . How about you gays ?
It's gawwwwgeous outside
Inexpensive Solutions to Improving Hair Health
i'm pretty sure we actually came across a few of them. are you coming to the show with Trust Company?
RT : Ok #Detroit, has narrowed his project to DAPCEP or Wellspring, tweet your VOTE
you guys just need to become a part of the family!
If I won those VIP floor seats I would def make the trip up to Cleveland from Dayton for Wednesday's gm....come on luck
WAIT!!!! does have a taco pizza!!!! By request only! So if you are hungry for tacos and pizza call 715-849-FOOD (3663)
Just got fired.... not happy
I'm out.
Me and Eclipse IDE have come to a working agreement. She gives me the metadata and I don't uninstall her. :-)
active and consistent compassion
I could've gone without 3D, didn't find it would make much of a difference. I would just make sure you see it in IMAX.
Learn Chinese for the day: <U+5927><U+62C7><U+6307> [dàmuzhi] thumb
Awwh thanks gorgeous!(:
Mother's Day is almost here...what's on your gift list? Let us know...and if you're a Mom - tell us what you would like to get at 10tv.com.
making a lot of cuts in my life tired of being used so im moving aheaded taking care of me and mine At the end of my rope it's not personal
I Just Taged your @ name in it.
No wonder I am getting #chapped lips. #Humidity is at 21% -
oh well...lets give Miami the Trophy now and save time...nbs
Hello snow.
Community College educational curriculum / program dev stars -> would love to talk to you if you feel like that's a good description of you.
My 7 yr. old can do the worm. Too funny..
wow...that could tweak with my rooting interest. I am thirsty, but I think I will still take a win (for now)
I'm not made of money, I'm made of bones and organs and possibly the reincarnated soul of a neurotic 8 year old.
We're trying to get in touch with you re: summer newsletter please call us ASAP 973 643 1625
Kyle, you had a great season. Us real niners fans support you. Looking forward to many seasons of you playing here in SF
Junior Lake's walked 6 times already this year in 28 plate appearances. He walked just 19 times last year in 478 plate appearances.
Embrace the hate RT : I am pretty dumb for a genius
It's not equality when you constantly call it "gay marriage" & "gay rights". You're creating segregation just by referring to them that way
i think imma delete my twitter. i dont feel like seeing things i wish i wouldnt of.
Live it up while you can, you never know when it will end...
yeah! Austin Moon,Austin Mahone. theyre both hot. he went on this TV interview thing & he sings, maybe its just a coincidence
Watching one of my go-to podiatry experts on right now. What a shoe collection Dr. Levine!
Boy have i been sick. Now its back to painting.....it is going to be a late night.
- Tell fans if they 'Like' the Bartab Chicago FB Page they'll be entered to win 2 Courtside Seats to Bulls vs. Heat game on 3/14!
^^MUCH LOVE & RESPECT^^ Thank You 4 The #FollowFriday Mention! #youdabes (pronounced you da best)
it was, but then again, shortbread things with strong coffee is usually always awesome!
Good night and have a good day tomorrow
new itunes tab added to the side...making it easier to find my music on itunes (wink wink) :)
One of my nipples is bigger than the other. -Carly
with me in the living room; both son & hubby sleeping/snoring. Time to break out the sage & do some blessing on this place.
Lol. I like how everyone can't sleep. Haii guys
when deflating an air mattress, it's helpful to have a heavier friend act like a rolling pin
All I'm saying is my curfew this summer better be at least 12
What!, they killed Charlie the first episode?? #breakout kings
Helping to roll the Torah back to the beginning is one of the most memorable experiences for our students. It was a great Simchat Torah.
Today in 1967, Thurgood Marshall confirmed as 1st African American Supreme Court Justice. Serves for 24 yrs.
I think the #REDSOX just got a little sneak peak into the rest of their season haha
"The wonder is that we can see these trees and not wonder more." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
SO sorry! I'm hoping that Gucci feels better soon :(
I was looking forward to entering #cssoff, but 2 weeks is really short. Consider giving us a month next time?
i should stay home from school tomorrow
I never heard LMFAO - Party Rock. Glad I heard U2 - Sunday Bloody Sunday, G. Washington - Just the Two of Us, & N. Young - old man
i don't :p
I got a lista! Follow me & join it! :)
OMG! So we are neighbors now! Yay!! RT : I just built a house on I DON'T GIVE A FUCK avenue
She complains that students are too lazy
follow back ;D
sign me up :)
'Forever' has 7 letters... but so does, 'Goodbye.' 'Friends' has 7 letters ... but so does, 'Enemies'. Love has 4 letter but so does Hate.
Mitt's BFF Robert Bork believes that the Constitution's promise of Equal Protection doesn't apply to women.
Glad I watched enough movies to know that I can not be easily thrown out "police" cant touch me without a eviction notice.. Sorry
that's funny
make it happen! Me and u both! wuw ya!
“: Headed to pool party right after.....man I love Dallas.....if u don't know u just don't know.....”
You can rely on me.
Been waiting on a replacement card for two weeks and just got the worst CS experience of my life when I called in to your line.
I like him; I don't know if it could ever be... we always fighting but hey I love the making up :)
Awesome time at 1 City Summit-Gr8t 2 reconnect with friends & colleagues! Ready 4 the challenges ahead & eager 2 move DC Athletics forward!
I still love #FTSK though, don't get me wrong:)
I actually saw someone on a payphone a couple months ago and had to do a double take..
trying to talk my boyfriend into getting another piercing BESIDES his ears...
If the weathers not working for u wait a minute it will change..
Sometimes, everything you need is right there in front of you! What are you looking for?
Very short weekend but quality won out over quantity.
I got your sweet ass covered gal pal!
Sony has 1 new high end camera, need to get more info on it...
I took the cake safe
how do I get to the texas state party house? :) no info on page
you on break or u still in Aurora
. Man City needed 2 goals to win the title. They scored 2 goals in stoppage time to win the EPL. Suck it ManU!!!
I want a girl who loves sports and is down to do dangerous things like riding bikes and shit <3
thanks for the follow and Avenger's review!
he only said she doesn't work in the athletic department. Could still be a university employee. Ruh roh.
woot! just got the call looks like we will be moving to new digs soon!
Hey tweeters. Hit me up if you are excited about tonights Monday Night Football! Go Texans.
I'll be today with #FTBOA CEO Lonny Powell. Come by and say hello. We'll be in the Ten Palms.
Great c'ing u fri at your bday bash Keep doing Great things Young G! We'll do some tgethr soonest Fam! Blsngs "M"
ha ha ha..so true!! Even tacky non-wedding ones too!
running + Snow = my brain is happier now...
Wroten goes and the ? is who else will play point
You're gonna have plenty of time to live in a van down by the river, when you're LIVING IN A VAN DOWN BY THE RIVER!
RT : Dear, , you're 3 years old today. Please try not to shit yourself. -Congrats to our crew & fans! Keep it up!
well I don't really do it in public but I have been known to start humming/singing in the halls as I go to my locker lol
ha. OK. sure
Why aren't we having a party for him? Brewer's opens in 20 minutes.
#Ithinkitstimeto wake up n realize the goodness in front of you
Happy Holloween everyone have a blast tonite!!!yu already know!!
We're just having fun!
plzz follow me (:
Today is the day I .... Thank All My Followers for all the support. Thank You!
If you had told me an Asian dude from Harvard would be the star at MSG with Kobe in town while being guarded by world peace 2 years ago..hmm
Attention #associations using #imis, we have a solution for your #event reg. u need connect. Visit g606 for info
Any suggestions for other organizations you would like to see us work with??
Yeah....I don't like change. lol
Just crashed the Web Slam event at UB. What is doing with youth + tech in this city is incredible.
What you waiting for?!
american gov't <
And at 70% off they are still about 10x more than our pricing for comparative functionality/service 8-0.
Awake. Time for house cleaning! Later I have my first practice as coach of doo's basketball team. 6+7 yr olds. Should be like herding cats.
so you be clint bowyer fan?
Kobe doesn't trust the Clippers either
But, but - I'm USED to Blackboard. If I went to Moodle, I'd have to learn a new program. And that's so *hard*!
“: NEWT!! RT : Who won this debate? #CNNDebate.”
Don't give me a reason not to trust you .
DEAD wrong. But hilarious.
#sxsw #nowplaying. Brother Kite at BD Rileys, from Providence. Good sound. Sheepdogs were outstanding.
"Falling Stars" is by David Archuleta
Here's the TromaDance festival schedule. Are you coming?
yeah i did lmao, sorry.. i feel really bad. ;)
That's what she said
Back from , where I recorded my review of David Vann's novel "Dirt," which would easily serve as a loaded Mother's Day present.
We're excited to be March 24-25 to talk awesome bike rides and Bike Club discounts. You could win a free ride pass.
Hates worthless parents! Ur kids come 1st jacka$$! Not material things! Tired of supportin sum of these kids on my own! Time 2 gro up!
Huge thanks to for cussing up a storm in my motel room. She read opposite me for a taped audition I had to do while in the Midwest.
Welcome back baby :)
hey Dean, Thanks for following THC-Housing Families, Transforming Lives! How did you hear about us?
Mane #teamBAM Is Team Yung BAMbino Or Nothing Else F*** All The Other BS - BAM!!!
Praying for my amazing guy preaching it up at #catdallas today. Wishing I was there!
Wishing everyone a safe and loved filled holiday season!
200 followers!!!! Love you guys
RT : Check out the Dogs for the Deaf website www.DogsfortheDeaf.org and tell us what you think! Plz RT
"Quick, everyone act natural!" *Everyone strikes the most un-natural pose ever*"
A surprise highlight of the 2/25 Levon Helm Midnight Ramble: Opening band Sister Sparrow & the Dirty Birds - just fantastic
Wtf my body is so used to waking up at 6am now that of course even on my day off I'm up...no alarm set even
yeah :O i cant believe :O
today we are doing routine rental maintenance. Replacing furnace filters and all batteries in smoke alarms. Let's keep tenants safe!!
Just finalized the date for my presentation at the National Geographic headquarters in DC! T-minus 22 days!
Thanks for the WARNING. hahaha
“: Do anyone know what this says? <U+6211><U+611B><U+4F60> ;)”
RT : Lighting upgrades at prevent 79 tons of carbon from entering the environment
Welcome Panther n Flyer fans who want to pull for the Rangers!
Why were you taking flvs?
I hear u bruh
see you tonight!
I've been the best known secret in Boston, only known 2 family & close friends. Now I want 2 become the city's the best known event planner.
Congrats for keeping over 200 pounds of glass out of the landfill
Great deals on poker supplies!!! www.eproducts4less.biz
It's a great day to walk around Fountain Square! We are open from 12-7 today. Come on by after lunch
east to figure out....Ron Zook could recruit, couldn't coach
I will never understand leaf blowers, or why Safari doesn't have a "print selection" option.
Wtf I wake up from a nap to hear bullshit from #oomf. Dont anger me
I'll give ya a shot of Vitamin Spinster ===> Haha I might need a shot before the weekend starts
Govt Accountability Board believes voter turnout was 33% yesterday.
stoli van and coke
but you better believe you're gonna fly with me.
NC EPIC: So stoked to meet all of you. This is Matt Radley, the new Youth Pastor at NC! come check us out at 7pm at the new NC building!
I sound so awful that one of my friends thought she dialed the wrong number when she called. Yay for colds that make me sound like a man!
Whats up North Memphis holla back at a " HOOD GENERAL " 401 N Dis Bitch !
I'll give you that one, meanwhile..You watchin' the Nuggets kick ass?
At the Spaghetti Warehouse for breakfast :) haha
Jazzed to meet today, as we kick off in the Open Studios
Oh, hello there. I forgot you were here, Twitter.
Wow, did you just quote Forest Gump? LOL!
On the way to New Mexico to play. No easy way to get there ! #on the road again
I Am What I Am If You Cant Accept It Your Cut Off
its okay im happy now
Got me some of those #CTIAw12 legs...beers are the best medicine...
Result of Josh Hamilton's 4HR night...no Baltimore Orioles interviews during ESPN Radio on Wednesday.
I wonder if Dana is in the cage right now saying do not cuss, Nate, DO NOT cuss.
will be on fire tonite with and the EuroFamily!
Let Me See You Put Your Hearts Up <U+2764>
I'm tired of these people I'm going too bed
It isn’t work, but worry, that wears you out most.
Be aware, do not do business with Max Banks Clark or Show Me The Money Investments, llc. Its a scam.
I can't take that black guy mutant in xmen first class seriously
it's funny tho
YES. I've learned to specifically ask about chicken stock, bacon grease, etc. I don't get what is so hard to understand!
I came Down then Came up
is cold year round there? How hot do the summers get?
Hey ! Awesome that you do CrossFit. What footwear do you sport? Saw in your blog from a long while ago you wore VFF.
musta been the red bull I got for you
how'd you forget? you were the only person to get me a Hanukkah present!
#InThisGeneration you can't trust anybody.
All this one direction stuff is stressing me out. Concerts are supposed to be fun.
Me:His name is Ginuwine. I named him after the R&B singer "Ginuwine". My wife: Ah yes...riding that pony.
I think 'earth day' should be 364 days a year and on that one other day planet earth should be our little bitch.
Ain't that a bitch... but i hope that bitch is bad
in my experience, digital humanists are academics. They do have archives/library students though.
going to get surgery today wish me luck =)
My client today had tears running down her cheeks the first 30 minutes and swore it has never happened before. It was the strangest thing.
Great, how's yours? :)
Allegro dance company performs on July 11 Sunday Lock 3 stage in Akron Ohio. Its a free performance-- come out and be a part of the dance!
If you didn't win today hope to do more once the season starts. thank for all the entry's
my friends writing a really good roc royal and princeton story it is Rated R and Rated M
#everyoneisanartist MSG (Travis and Michael are awesome! )
is thinking about the future.
haha okay I will see if I can get some babes and thanks babes is soph or anyone sleeping next week babes cause she is coming
excuse me lol
I watch it sometimes. The dad was Terry Bradshaw's backup at LA. Tech.
Nothing frightens me. Except Glee. Seriously, WTF is this?
ask them for a better time slot! You can't compete with #RHONJ too many people like it.
A pioneering British expedition to sample a lake under the Antarctic ice sheet could find new forms of life and clues to climate change
bout to fix me somethin to eat...
OMG this last 1.5 of work is like HOLY CRAP EVERYTHING EVERYWHERE IS ON FIRE
There's a mobile critic room this afternoon.
grannys "parking spot" is your room now lol
His former commute also leads to the wrong job.
Awesome! Go Crew!
*raises hand*
I was just there!:)
Zing RT : I did "journalism" once, but then I got distracted by a dog with a puffy tail. Here, puff! Here, puff!
Need to pee lol
#DuttySprite aktion.. on my rip pimp c
Amazing how much a #Bills win changes the mood in
Stay crunchy, , stay crunchy.
I love good neighbor
Your concerns aren't my concerns! They're your concerns, so Im not concerned about them. They just dont concern me! #KeepUp!
The antidote to the feeling of being overwhelmed, which is one of the main causes of stress, is to just do the next thing.
Its somethings I would never do idc if I didnt have any bread
I'm thoroughly engrossed w The in 3D & all my favorite action heroes are coming to life together! <3 Robert Downey, Jr as
just watched that a week ago. What a great film
Back to work tomorrow (partially, at least) Hello, summer school students.
Follow and I will follow back.
The only thing I gotta wait for now is to he in his arms again(:
You can't dunk, Luke Wilson - give it up! #AT&T
My mom said she would take me this Friday 2 see the Hunger Games. I looked online for tickets the freaking theater doesn't have THG on F ...
I don't have 1 million followers. I don't get 100 RTs for each tweet. I'm not a 'famous' account. I'm just here to support Jake<U+E32A>
Live music for your SF Bay Area events: jazz, swing, blues, Latin, standards, holiday classics, more TomShawTrio.com
my shit bang BANG BANG.
BTW ur like so LUCKYY!! harry tweetd u and thy follow u omg i'd kill to be you:)
Went to Tim Burton exhibition at LACMA. Love it!
Yep. One crusade at a time.
Never quit! RT : We do not quit playing because we grow old, we grow old because we quit playing.-Oliver Wendell Holmes
who's da person?
that just made things interesting
Tonight's Special: Fresh Pappardelle with Lamb Bolognese!
I miss the old JS board right now... RT : Holy cow! The loons are going crazy right now. I've never heard this before.
Thank you!
Yesterday at lunch! :-)
Thanks for checking in and for the compliment! Wishing you a smooth flight
I has a follower.
I always take life with a grain of salt, ...plus a slice of lemon, ...and a shot of tequila.
I'm a total sucker for nude people. It's such a classy look.
As you should! “: Red bull and vodka #thatshowido”
I'm w/ Kobe on this MT Kobe on young 'uns podium style: "It's a generational thing. Weird glasses, skinny jeans and all that stuff"
Hi justin can you PRETTY please folooww me???;)
I'd say this was a little dramatic..
Good advice today on
eek I know. I had an extra case in the car but took it down yesterday
Who's goin to show this year with bone thungz and drake!!! Bout to be a crazy at port of Cleveland
Wait, they still make Thrasher magazine?
I'm tired of getting picked on.
its not working :(
Any chance the crew makes a trade for Hanley Ramirez if they can't get Rollins or A.Ramirez
#AUSA Come by the Naval Institute Press booth at AUSA and meet our authors Tuesday
Cheers to this great weather!
RT : Quote of the Day: “Don't get it right, just get it written." James Thurber
Good morning texts.....too bad i never get those anymore -_-
were's your fame update !?
Close your eyes and think back to a time when you were truly happy. Breathe it in and stay there for awhile.
....staring out the window, wondering exactly the same thing.
People deserve R-E-S-P-E-C-T even when you don't agree with them via
RT: Out of regular sugar, now confronting the difficult question of 'yellow, blue, or pink packet instead?' Thursdays are hard.
awkward moment when ur playing imaginary soccer in ur kitchen and to everyone around you it looks like your running in circles.
Nothing explains better than a whiteboard. Thanks for the link!
Whole Foods and City of #Carmel will host a continental breakfast 4 Friday Bike to Work Day. 6-9 AM at #MononCenter. Who's going?
Proud that he brought it to you b/c ur in his pack, horrified that he actually brought it to you.
m any uniform but you do look good in yours
Speed networking time!
In addition to the personal inconvenience, poorly maintained sidewalks are classist/ableist/detrimental to the heath of neighborhoods
yes he has and Atl takes way too many jumpers
Give the credit for good employment and economic news to #Romney. If he had not been attacking #Obama on jobs nothing would have been done.
"Every action has a consequence...."
oh i kno the feeling..ugh..how is ur day so far??
Point of Clarity: Don't take on other peoples issues. Decipher what needs to be worked on and whats just nonsence. I'm complete as is!!!
Anyone have a venue open tonight for a band or two? Our show got cancelled! :(
It's okay if you love both of them... -
Concerned-Complimented. Semantics. You're welcome. Mwah!
#merp fix it before washington!
Of all the quotes put together for first 100, my favorite was "A DNF lives forever in google." :)
I'm going to go with (B)
Someone's been sleeping in my dress
I just hate that the lottery is on a Wednesday
“: These jays be choosing” lol a mess bro
#ThePowerOfTwitter Got a call from & it looks like the Port of Long Beach did not negate contract for pier work.
Having folding issues with my print media piece. There are reasons I'm not in architecture.
I haven't checked the first family of force website to see if the news has been confirmed, have you?
I love you. RT You can never have too many pictures of cats.
Scott Borchetta words to live by "Don't take shit from anybody and always believe in yourself." From NBN Summit.
"Ya gonna get Kevin killed" hahahaha So appropriate.
has a decision been made yet?
awee that's awesome! Ya got to see a great game :)
Life Would Be Pointless
The majority ruled against jesus christ...
pop punk tour about to be announced soon! its great!
Wrapped another stage performance. Universe I'm ready, open, and available. Sine Metu!! Taking life on without fear.
#TerrificTuesday S/O:
lmao Yea... Who is this your avi blurry
Evelyn and I watched weird true and freaky tonight and found out that the FDA allows 60 insect parts to every 3.5 oz of chocolate...Vomit.
Old habits can't be thrown out the upstairs window. They have to be coaxed down the stairs one step at a time. Mark Twain
just seeing the picture of on jsonline throwing has me super excited for opening day.
Hey baby! If ur ever I'm Detroit and need some TLC let me know. Yeah I'm for real RN.
The view in that pic is amazing. Treehouses are awesome. That looks very comfy and relaxing too. Does it have WiFi?
oh, i just wish i'd cheer up!
A. Page
She truly knows me best I love her with all my heart I can't wait tell Thursday to be with her! It's been so long since I saw her :(
love it how im ill as fuck and im watching hannah montana while dreaming about <3 <3
I sure am. This week: Wednesday or Thursday. Same next week. Any time of day will work.
should I be concerned that 5/8 of your tweets are to ?
LOL yeah your right, im going to go celebrate this weekend. I have to go over my contract next week for my pay:-)
If you could have 1 NFL player to build your franchise around, who would it be?
a barrier for some…the ones that we should be concerned about. U of L's increase is pretty modest in the grand scheme of things
OH Yes ~ looks like you girls had SO much fun. I always miss you Halloween the most! XO
please provide a link to the article should there be one. Thanks.
the bands on the bus & their ready 2 go, gotta drive all nite 4 a show n Chicago or St. Louis I don't know. We've done many shows in a row
Do you give mustache rides?
you're the only reason why I have a smile on my face everyday. I love you Peyton<21
Deff feelin slaughterhouse new video doe >>>
These Kentucky guys can't talk to save their lives Lol.
oh no ive been watching a tv show
Oh. How I miss Vegas & it's WARM TEMPS!!! It's in the 40s,Windy, and snow in the forcast.
it did this last month too, it was only 1000 miles different than this month.
ROCK CHALK FUCK THE BUCKEYES!
He's just kidding…
I always try to picture this world minus the psychotic people who feel the need to kill ppl&idiots who choose to do what they kno is wrong!
I'm going in the summer! But only to Vancouver and Toronto :/
done..Kara wins!
Tips for me as a newlywed RT : Communicate, communicate, communicate!
2/2 Wall St greed & the fed'l gov't $ to stave of a depression. High profits 4 comp's not reinvesting in US; low consumer demand/unemploy't
Did any Utes get drafted?
RT " The baby awoke and smiled at me. It occurred to me that nothing was more beautiful than a newborn smile."
lol its true!!
Well idk if its a lie or not because she is going to new york with him!!..And from all his love tweets.
Lynn Spring Waters has just touch down in Lexington, NE. We are going nationwide!! 7262 wholesalers and 430 private labels are now carrying…
thanks for the mention. Have a great weekend!
you need a picture and to actually tweet something if I am going to follow you.
I put a dollar in a change machine. Nothing changed. ~ George Carlin
Prep for another webcast
Love will take you to the highest heights and lowest low.
“: girl my head hurt e this hair” oh yeah I forgot
Ann's mom LOVED it.
Hard to imagine JDS/Carwin going the distance
yes again. When my mom took me driving the first time I kept panicking and I pealed off all the nail polish.
Love three day holiday weekends
Working with is actually really fun. The streams add-on is phenomenal. I'll be licensing that every time.
RT this post and follow for a chance to win the LAST 2 TICKETS to #KidRockDSO this Saturday at the Fox Theatre!
Attorney-client privilege can extend to an attorney's agent such as a translator-our linguists work under tight confidentiality agreements.
The birds are chirping and shit
- I was thinking the same thing after I poured it.
sounds good to me!! :)
A lot on my mind...
We can't think of a better way to end the year! Go Kings!
Day 9 of Bent On Learning's #21dayyogachallenge. Meditate on staying healthy this season.
Always fun to see librarians get faux contentious. Battle of the embedded librarian models!
What's your take on Rasmus deal? Not a great return, to me.
Thanks gents! May the best team win.
I wish I was packing for Cannes.
Smoking hooka for the first time since I was 20. I forgot how fun this shit is.
What are your favorite board books? I’m going shopping for grandbaby today!
i love you so much! Follow me please?
lol! U just can't sit back + try to digest nonsense....I can relate
SO glad I work for myself sometimes. Some workplace rules seem so arbitrary and backwards!
Good Morning! What a beautiful day to go to town to see the Texas Independence Day Celebrations! After repairing a fence!
Astronomy meetinhg was very awesome! I can't wait until spring to bring out my 1958 Celestar by Fecker Telescope out and do some star gazing
Happy birthday to you fellow cancer!
Watching my fat ass aunt eat up all of our fucking food. she says she dont eat meat but she is inhaling a fucking Porterhouse steak
in Place will save a LOT of time locating documents and locations.
#thevoice the girl was painful on this song. Neither one could sing.
DC, it's lovely out, so why are you getting all stabby on me today? Multiple stabbing incidents reported in the neighborhood.
But thank GOODNESS, you will NOT be tweetless. :)
That sucks. Sorry you're dealing with sucky crappiness.
Times are tough but I will survive
And the other candidate closed his office. Great work ethic.
alright forget ya'll!!! I don't even like neither of u!
no because he said u were ugly
Do most people start thinking about breakfast the night before?
#abaws Sentiment analysis categorization profile
lol yes! Great tips! I've totally given up on sheer so this give me new faith! lol
Margarita and nachos with my Lovely at Old Taos Inn. No complaints.
Boy, are they going to be confused when they open it. That really sucks!
told yall I was gonna bump like this...yall didnt think that I cud bump like this
what ya see is what ya get
Thanks! Don't feel so hot today, but my stitches and sutures are now displayed in all their glory. I'll have B send u a pic 2nite :)
The Broncos Won 54 OUTTA' 56 Times The RadIERS oNLY oNE tWO aND tHAT wAS lAST yEAR!
T-Storm Watch until 11 p.m. for immediate area: Potential of hail larger than golf balls in some of the stronger storms.
Most likely. :-)
so sad I missed everyone tonight. Still feeling under the weather :( I will definitely be at the next one!!
what u doing wat hym doing
i quite xD
"If i died today it'd be a holiday." -Weezy
There is a great deal of difference between an eager man who wants to read a book and a tired man who wants a book to read. ~G.K....
One round of hand and foot (won), two rounds of naked (1-1). Now Mario kart 64 with the fam! Great night! :)
Checking out the used books scene in Antigua
Another successful fantasy baseball draft on the books for the Boontown Chinchillas.
Not being mean but is that a first win for a lil person?
6-1 early morning hoop session
lmaaaaooooooo. go to SLEEP
Ion even call this bitch a hater no more I call her a
hey lady!
i have a similar issue in a meeting petition that would have changed labor in New England. Was denied and I can't figure out why.
That was a waste of time that i will never get that time back.. -_- thx
So I just looked it up and it's kind of gross.
Back Hand Friend Slap game
Banner raised and Yanks knocked out of playoffs. A good friday to be in Boston.
getting to excited, kid in a candy store.... breathe, relax and enjoy!
I'm asking for a refund, and I'm not even going! ;-)
hello my darling!!!!
finding it interesting to relive the soon-to-be sinking ship with
. "Football makes you drunk and stupid."
STFU You Stupid Alarm Im Awake
#JoeyDiamondFact Joey started his YouTube on Feb 6 2006 ..
Hypothetically - if I have a "friend" and "she" is in bed watching DuckTales, that's pretty cool, yes?
Habitat Alternative Spring Break??? Keep your eyes open!!!
yes it is
its all from warriors like you man
man shut up!
#Spartans trending world wide! Hell Yeah! Go State!
Your talk yesterday was really inspiring! Thank you!!
I had a dream I got pregnant. I was terrified...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>lmao.
Much to prove ....Much to be expected
One for the neighborhood kids, one for me.
Let me know how it went! Thank you!
TONIGHT "THE PHIL & JOHN SHOW" WILL BE PERFORMING @ Molly Blooms Irish Pub Waterloo
I've made my decision. I'm getting another tattoo for my birthday.
Playing Santa is hard, esp. when the HDDVR doesn't have built-in wireless and is apparently incompatible with a USB wireless adapter. Ugh.
I am loved by Divine Love which flows into my life today, blessing all things good now taking place.
You play dnd?
are more details comin? Lunatik Clothing wants 2 be involved. We want our clothes on the backs of all those streetwear fanatics
Lol no its swollen inside my mouth in the back ;p
all the niallers , directioners , stylers, ,,,,, PLEASE follow me i follow back ;D
you are very welcome
Riches cover a multitude of woes. Menander
Remember Westwood 6:30 am workouts have been canceled!
Thank you beautiful RT : lmfao yes I did! Hahaha it okay you looked cute haha
Men reach their sexual peak at eighteen. Women reach theirs at thirty-five. Do you get the feeling that God is playing a practical joke?
go for a run or if its winter go into my basement cramp up some rock music and scream... ya ik weird...
Ryan Matteus from Galt has Katy Perry's "Firework" as his entrance and at bat song. He strikes out looking.
Are we heading for full profit-making schools? | Ron Glatter: Cosy mutual talk is just clouding the issue – if f..
thanks man!!!
decades ago lol
go snipe the mountain with ur snarp....
ha! I know right! Although I love Juliett!
RT“: I'm not da fukin one 2 kiss nobody ass so if u expekt a apology, u gonna be waitin a fukin lifetime!!!#Rns”
You have done the very best that you could do up to this moment in time with the knowledge and understanding you have had.
Read in the today that 40% of Americans have never tried lamb.
“: <---- new avi with #MaxinethePython from "Beauties vs. the Beast" the DVD/Magazine. Get UNLEASHED July 4th” now thats hot
I would be turning it in for the $200 that they will give me instead of giving it away. If i was rich, I would give it to you!
Does this roster have enough quality depth on the Offensive Line to get thru a injury or two?
I wish I could call you mine
Nashville! Imma be making some noise inside you tonight! Playing at the Five Spot with Chris Pickering at 9:30. Come on with it!
Prospector has millions of google book previews
I live in all of us.
dude. there are no words to describe the ridiculousness.
Jealous of the girl in the music video.
Shoowee, I gotta get inspired. I have to turn these Mundays into Fundays!
Slightly pre-halftime thought: thanks groupon, for (somewhat) filling our stadium
Next to last Sunday evening reference shift of the Fall semester. I'm ready for a break and not working Sunday evenings for a few weeks.
Shameless plug for Microsoft in the cloud/cross channel session. I appreciate Matt Keenan calling it out without apology
Ya know? Nothing would surprise me. ;)
Hope you and baby Briar are doing better We're praying for good news and that you will be home soon.
I will kick the hell out of a cat .....but I'm scared cuz that bih will attack my skinny ass
When would that be?
Again. Off point. I think we're done.
Good looking on the shout out to Clyde.
Given explosion of news startups there are answers at least in what can be tried, some succeeding.
voicethread=stem and animoto=film production
I want to go!
your welcome!
me too! isn't that the weirdest lol. i hope so too, thanks! :-)
they are growing so fast!
Romney claiming Obama doesn't have enough experience to be Prez is like saying Molly Sims doesn't have enough experience to be an SI model.
Nobody ever said life was easy..they just promised it would be worth it :)
Listening to an Excel Cruz track featuring JIN
“: context, analysis, explanation, reporting. None of that in these blogs, which profit from these images with ads” +1
Maybe it was meant to be Argon - poison gas wine
I sent an email with some instructions ...
As per Ms. Mann, you have an extra 10 minutes to get to your first period due to the inclement in weather. Drive safe!
*they're great
get punched to the earth's surface and youtube'd.... on some blind side snake man shit, SHIZZY=king sucker punch...
Texas in two days :D
Two among many: Skylight Books (Los Angeles) and Innisfree Poetry Bookstore (Boulder).
i was talking to a 3rd grader and she said she got a laptops for christmas and i'm just here thinking dude, i got a sushi pen and books :3
so sleepy
The garage doors are open at today! Get to the Square for lattes and fresh air.
...despite being extremely generous wasn't treated with contempt at Claremont.
Any Nova Scotia/Cape Breton experts out there? I am going to be there for a bit this summer and need guidance.
M Canadian beer!
Glad to finally be here. It was a long road for me. Ready to start my CF
best shampoo out there is ____ ?!
Just finishing up with G Entertainment's Newest Hitmaker $impset! All night grinding = All day shining!
yeah it was amazing!!!!! Caleb and Hannah!!!!
I get to meet THE Jungle Jim tomorrow,
Wish I could take everyone with me! #Australia is the best!
is looking for #Android #Developers for an international company in Silicon Valley.
Twitter relationships HA!! Good luck with that
My favorite on million dollar listing NY is Frederick. After that last episode he seems much more down to earth than one would think <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> u!
amen to that....
300+ people RSVP'd in only 4 days for !!! presented by at the RSVP NOW! Party is gonna be EPIC!
Spent the day with a wonderful friend and discovered a great TV show from 2003 called Slings and Arrows. Pure brilliance!
I'm in. Next week it is!
Not sure. Lets ask : RT : Will they be doing roundtables this year? I missed not having them last year.
Where was Jennings during my fantasy play season!
hope you have an awesome day, Anson =)
Lives in Florida and has never been to
I live in my Birkenstocks... wear them everywhere for any occasion.
got it
Love this metaphor RT : Kindle is OK as far as it goes. Great for travel but not as good as the real thing. Like phone sex.
and chill 3 blocks down at a lifeguard post.
I'm good for lunch if it's close to downtown on Wed.
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves. ~Ray Kroc
Late to school . But im fried so idgaf *_* !
My Skunkworks: Your computer will keep getting smaller
has a "bertman's ballpark mustard" shirt #finally!
"Happy Star War's Day." May the 4th be with you!!
Fajita Grill with and Matt!<3
Just cooked some cajun fried catfish nuggets for lunch. Really hope I don't get necrotizing fasciitis.
Thank you! Enjoy your weekend! :)
You are one of my favorite players of all time..so PLEASE dont ruin that and say youd play for the heat
« When life brings big winds of change that almost blow you over... Close your eyes, hang on tight, and BELIEVE
So, who is at Photo LA today? Any favorites? What work there inspires you?
My top #followfriday pick: - for headlines and breaking news on Milwaukee's business scene.
Great day at workkm(:
Best advice ever: "Write your book, get a book deal, make money, move out, get a cat." -
Seems like Modern Family is the only show on tv.
When I hear somebody sigh, 'Life is hard,' I am always tempted to ask, 'Compared to what?'-Sydney Harris
"From BK with Luv" sure to entertain AND piss people off. Coming Soon!
Hosting companies need to stop being shady.... and stop outsourcing their tech support!
to be honest, i already sent one in,so they havent looked at it and i was sick durring it so ima do a diff one
:D Okay give me some songs to listen to?
ok thanks!
We are Hiring! ANDROID Developers - apply at
what is ur future w/ the wwe?R u done communtating?
I have to listen to loud music so it overpowers the voices inside my head
The Devil All the Time
Only watch Basketball and nothing else.
when this song goes off, i am going to sleep.
'A Simple Life' big winner at Taiwan film festival Hong Kong's Ann Hui has won the best director award for her movie "A Simple Life" at T
. thanks yes! Long wait aside customer service was lighting fast at solving my problem.
Next weekend may 5 ... #artsinthepark , #obamaRVA , #GoDiscoverRICHMOND, book sale at the richmond library, and
Can I teach at Oxford? I'd like to meet Inspector Lewis.
Or dog hair. We have an abundance of the Golden Retriever variety.
Appreciate the words homie! You #rock the #mic!!!
Saturday - 3/12/2011 - Saturday Night Live w/ DJ CUT & BIG WORM
Today is a turning point: found myself cheering for a player I normally loathe - because he played for Delhi - against Indian bowlers too!
School tomorrow:/
Wed trivia: This famous singer wants you to wish her a happy b-day. Hint: Her first name ain't "Baby." Answer @ noon.
intriguing! published online yet?
I love hippies
Blue Eyes singing a lovely holiday tune! bit.ly/rHMP0n fb.me/1hufkt0Uf
youtube.com/watch?v=NvgD9H… - Cleveland's response to rise. solid.
Im loving it! Just like #McDonald's...:-)
Online shopping anyone????------ www.kmcamera.com
beautiful fabulous friend (: yabsolutely!
"I may love to shop, but I aint buying your bullshit"
I now know what it feels like to work 3rd shift. I don't know how people do it.
Got out of economics early due to a fire alarm. Darn.
Thanks for coming out Glad you enjoyed it.
I wish Charlie Sheen and Jim Carrey weren't in my "who to follow" list. I'm not going to follow them.
I LOVE YOU I MISS YOU I JUST WANNA HOLD YOU AND BE WITH YOU :/
my dog is taking a dump uphill, obviously we can see where he gets his intelligence from.
Good evening everyone. Looking forward to learning a lot tonight.
Are you even in this picture?
Deadline for scholarships for students is February 29.
I sent you an email to Thanks
Heading to watch my first Demo Day I have a pitch deck in my pocket, just in case
Crawl back into my bed.. That's All I Really Wanna Do
Im covered in bruises :( can I use makeup to cover them??? Oh well they're on my legs I'll just deal with it
It's now or never
absolutely LOVE that song
that's because Austin mahone said it was his favorite love song (;
Missing my baby tonight
Wow! Thanks again for all the great suggestions...these are all really great follows!!
“: you're not a bandwagoner , don't listen to pussy freshmen” thank you!
Very excited to welcome James to the Peace Love and No Nuts family :-)
congrats. Looking good!
Who's your favorite band of the #the70's? give it to me
Good night , Dolche! :]
cool I'll check it out!
message me your address and I'll put one in the mail for you!
#iHateFAKEPeople is offensive to both the reality-impaired and fictional-Americans everywhere.
It's about that time....
*wait is over.
Sounds like a great night RT: : Beers and bonfires
I'm on twitter now ;)P
ahh blair you need to post the winners of the gift bag contest! i need to know if i won! lol i hope so :)
feels like Christmas Just got The Vixen Manual by Karrine Steffans Will try to read and review in the next couple weeks
Moms surpise dinner with
On my way home with dinner for two.
hell yeah!
#9Round Minute: 20 front-to-back jumps followed with a 30 second Wall Sit! Let us know how it goes!!
Medical resident Chinedu Onyedike, MD, MPH is one of the storytellers Friday night @ 7 @ Hopkins: A World inside a City @ Turner Auditorium.
I have no ps3 no more or live lol its my bros but ill ask him what it is and ill tell u ya dig lol
Pride, not prejudice
Thanks to all that made Day 1 of Special Education Summit outstanding. Looking forward to learning with tomorrow's group.
Feels like I haven't been on Twitter forever!! I got a bad sun burn and I gash over my eye :/ not feeling lucky lol
we have a lot of stuff here in Scottsdale. Haha
i was till my sister called me back .
must be nice! Lol
LETS ALL PLANO RESEIDENTS HELP TO KEEP OUR CITY THE MOST BEAUTIFUL IN THE NATION.
when you tweet too much in a period of time & you can't tweet for a long time D:
Are there investors in Real Estate out there? San Diego 10 units with over a 9% cap on actual expenses 9 units are two bedroom. Contact me!
Everything was Fabulous last night, Video, Event, Crowd...Congrats to u and ! I enjoyed it!
if I wrote a Star Wars script, the alien at the bar would be
I am NOT going to wake up murdered tomorrow!
Wish my boyfriend did cute things for me
did you try yesterday?? I think they were gone most of the day for dads appointment.
bet. Dm me ur number and I'll hit you up if we get into something this weekend
- Word, I'll connect the dots and make this happen!
Agreed. Bill Worrell and are biggest homers in the league. Refs are bad, we get it.
oh. thats awesome! minus being poor && maybe not being able to make it if i won. lol.
Will we have a Chicago "Gerbday" in June? #SOBCon RT : How's your June?
I hate kids.
West Virginia
Wonder how has been? Miss you!
i don't know what's worse… that, or the mullet you had a few years ago….
can the pacers pull it through?
RT : Congrats to on winning his 3rd MVP. He truly is the best all-around player in the
#iwannabe yur first yur last, beginning to yur end, start to finish, and love to yur life !
sup I'm marring Harry styles he's mine lmaooo
Good morning! My bad! Lol
RT Happy to be celebrating one year with today!!
i hear it's "first class."
Just watched the #Avonband on the webcast and their torso and legs were not connected
How about those
Hey , it's after 10:30 on a Sunday night. Why the fuck is the 42 running over 15 minutes late?!? This is why people say you SUCK.
Fixed my internet! How? Comcast undid my cable connection on the central terminal. Nice work.
It's come down this again: 12 expresso shots to make the most of the time left for accounting.....
u still was laughing
I love this piece of shit:D
I will be teaching a class to environmental engineering students tonight at
Things I'd have killed to hear you say in High School RT: Ready to get sticky!
Next up - Yohai Benkler "challenges posed by network multidimensionality in the digital age"
whats new in ya life
Oh wow.
That's what Tobin said when he saw it - Gladiator! Looking forward to tonight's ep
stay golden pony boy ..that movies a classic
so? I have 40 mile run that night. :)
Hope you are having a fun time playing it :)
Work 3rdshift-chk, query agent-chk, submit short story-chk, play with website-chk, get car fixed-chk, sleep-coming soon!
Just realized I have been wearing my shoes on the wrong feet all day. As pointed out, I really don't know left from right.
$74 shipping! what?
I need a massage BAD!!
dude let's crash the big birthday bash this weekend
Do you know someone who has had a stroke? #HealthyMatters Sunday 7:30 am call 651.989.9226 or text 81807 with questions!
Great new look, faster, better, stronger, its a bioinic update. well done.
and I think that soak is preceded by a few classes ...
Shouldn't all weapons of any kind be prohibited on Mass Transit?
N'aww. There's definitely nothing wrong with going back to "fan," but I'll bet something MLB-y will find its way to you.
Tara Hudson - Hereafter
Summer. I'll be getting ready for the most important exam in my life, and I should work. Can't believe that I'll finish school next year.
GeoLocating - Auto-Updating of social profiles tield to mobile somehow
well what about like tomorrow? I'll be at the coast with next Saturday
is live at 9 pm. Tune in for what's good this week in pop culture
If a girl leans towards you, kiss her. If a girl's hand is free, hold it. And if she's upset, hug her till she's okay.
This Day in History 1809: Edgar Allan Poe is born.
DO IT.
ya he throws gas and is funny as hell
hah, I'm literally tearing up at my desk right now :)
Thanks for the follow Rosia. Happy to connect.
#WhiteSox 6-run lead but #Hawk just told us that Tigers (logically enough) can jump up & bite us in a hurry — no anatomical details, tho.
My night couldnt get any better
haha, did you not jst txt me the same thing!
The undefeated are defeated, and the defeated defeat
Believe in the importance of love, for it is the strength an beauty that brings music to our souls.
with all the criticism about the Time magazine cover, I still haven't heard anyone mention how lucky that kid is
B.C.N. Meeting with Frederick V. Romano author of The book the Boxing Filmography.
Today is National Kiss Day (forget Friday the 13th!)! What are your plans for the weekend?
Happy Birthday Luvv
I feel like every offseason we all discuss how stupid 88 is.
not able to practice the next 2 weeks. sucks.
It's beautiful when I can talk about the akashic records on Twitter. Awakening.
Sorry, those follows were my bad! Featured your "FOOD!" notebook to new #springpad sign ups last night. I think it's great! :)
finally nice and warm in my own house
listened to a panel of incoming freshman from public and private schools and they found it "creepy." was with me
Thanks! And glad you liked the resource!
Wonder how many words Snoop Dogg has spelled out loud in his life.
just did a quadbox. So sexy.
Will post a weekly wrap-up on Tuesday and A new week preview o Thursday. Hope to get this done every week (majorleaguesportstalk.com)
yes trend #fondon't
The bar is stunning. Come and check it out. While here say hi to Kevin and have him pour you a CandyCane shot for $2.50
Today, notes that it's Nat'l Vodka Day, Rutherford B Hayes' birthday and our anniversary. 10-4 good buddy!
Finally starting to see light at the end of the tunnel.
Even with technology available, learning the process still important - need to know how to think (not just blindly push buttons)
Fuck Cinco de Mayo. I don't need a transparent excuse to get drunk. ESPECIALLY not one that commemorates a French military defeat.
Bell tower is playing "Edelweiss," one of my very favorites.
Jim Rash likes DNA imprints at the Golden Globes
sucks for you! :/
You know I'd never ask you to change. If perfects what your searching for the just stay the same <3 =)
Dont play with me baby just stay with me wanna pop bottles all night with me all day with me okay with me
Swollen face, stuffy nose and the start of a cold sore. Life is really working against me today.
Happy Birthday
So, who saw the #HungerGames this weekend? What did you think? True to the book?
I swear. Listen to bitch better have my money & faded in the beginning it's like this girl and she says "be nice to Satan."
All I wanna do is eat bread. -Sarah M.
#IfWeWereTogetherRightNow, we'd be watching out favorite movie and laughing our asses off!
great! Me too!
The Tom Patrick Sextet (Tom's from Big Band Express) is playing at Gaslight Theater in Tucson Tonight at 7pm! Should be a show worth seeing!
Science mixed with art surprises and engages a different audience typically found at NHM
i hate people that say"They're a nice person once u get to know em"just say"They're a bitch but youll eventually get used to it"
In the words of Q tip "The industry is luck"
On our way!!
Is at home with Sam Hannah and Samantha :)
Enjoying a crazy Saturday hanging out with my kids & dogs!
Went to pharmacy this morning... UGH! This colds is getting worse! :(
Looks like Dragic had another damn good game... Young man is balling.
roadtrip! I'm on my way to L.A! super pumped. how was everyone's weekend? Mine was sick!
The flight attendant behind me just said "Oh fudgesicle. I hate carry-ons."
A late
RT!! Need more followers.
stop being all philosophical now, lol
thanks for the RT!!! Happy
Cirque de Soleil OVO was just amazing !
Go to elpasotimes.com and vote-- tell 'em you're coming to the Plaza Classic Film Festival!
Grigoriy Burtayev - "When the Sunrise coming, the shadows retreat off..."
Crap...I should start taking lessons ;)
Bob Ross~ We dont make mistakes here we just have happy accidents. - from the Joy of Painting
With Google's new crazy opt-in rules, what's to stop them from blocking FB once they're #1? FB - buy Firefox for $5B
Thanks , ! “ Speaking of #gaad & #a11y made [SNIP] their iOS apps more accessible!”
Dreading the first day back<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> not really sure where I stand with a lot of my friends oh well wish me luck <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I would be willing to sacrifice protocol for a hug from Michelle Obama.
That's great!!! After my weigh in I've drop 2more dress sizes yeppie
As tough as they play, I still think you got this one! Good Luck on the season!
Love is in the air!!!
What the problem is, #Metro ?
thank you so much, alot of hard work has paid off this week.
sign up for hops webinars to learn how I did plus plenty of time to ask me questions.
pretty sure they nailed my level of asshattery, makes me want to reach higher levels tho
Um.. Are you mad? I can't tell..
y'know as someone who was in the industry, she's really starting to bum me out
Might go to sleep early tonight.
#Graphics #Logos #Interiors #Layouts #Buildings #Psychology #Marketing ... we do it all.
Okay here it is... What year was Spot Organics started? Hint visit our site
Gabba gabba HEY! RT Today I'm shooting a scene for Californication where I'll be playing Joey Ramone at a CBGB's flashback!!!
cuddling here too.
Can't wait to watch last comic standing tonight!
so the lesson is for me not to go to SMX if I wan to stay here ;)
ok,:') I love you sis *hugs u tight*
good luck on that long run!
I'd be happy to help you out! Could you please DM me your contact info? Thanks.
#Xbox is awesome. Just did so you can dance 3. Sweatin' to the oldies like Richard Simmons.
I'm doing good wbu?
Why did you create this false love interest with Emily Hamilton!?
I love when hard core christians come to IUPUI . Hello we are a diverse campus and u can't change that.
Sitting backwards on a train is always pretty weird
okay love :)
Good discussion among staff today..."How do we really help people to truly believe and live out the Gospel to penetrate Madison culture"
Third quarter up by ten
We're trying to get more followers so we can spread our music. Show us some love if you want to help and RT this :)
Thanks, Jeff! cc:
Hope everyones having a good day! (:
Black or not...I would NOT want to have been in LA during the watts riots and all that Rodney King shit...Hell nahh.
bro nobody knows, the straight og kush of juice
Dinner starts at 5:00pm! Come out for Spirit Night at Chick-fil-A at Regency Square Mall in Richmond, VA!!
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite musicians?
Still in Jersey soaking up the holiday laziness as much as possible, but excited to start creating some new Stems asap!
Thanks! Very excited!
Create jobs Save our Arts Make California once again the movie capital of the world! Join us May 12th!
Sitting in the studio and making it happen
We are three fans away from 1,300 followers on Twitter!!!!
Marco club comnection has posted our dance video for Frankie Ballards "Bunch a Girls" enjoy! It's a fun song
Why would anyone take public transportation on this gorgeous day?!
Why would u want to be like everyone else when I could be me?
Gotta show Linus how it's done. (I'm doing my part from afar.)
Sorry man, done!
I just wanted to talk about the planets.....
Hey boo! Got your message. I was hacked and it was spam. :-/ I'm sorry! Still love me?
Apparently yes :o/
If your delivery doesn't at least somewhat follow your presentation slides, I have trouble following and will go web surf.
#Buy1111 ON ITUNES FOR ! <3 LET'S GET HIM ON THE TOP 10 #MAHOMIES!!!6
that'd be pretty sick! Like if it had couches and shit :D
I hope your scrunchies were neon. Only way to go.
Keeping the “Fath”: Investor Taps Into Lucrative Investing Niche
You can actually recycle phones & plenty of other things at my daughters' elementary school, Bell--the bins are right inside door.
what up playa
hates me.
Seibold: apps give me a flashback to CDROMs
Robert Downey Jr. drives the red carpet at the 'The Avengers' premiere in ... - News in photos
follow my other acct! ill follow back(: #promise >
Oh yeah!! i tweet, facebook, and google+ and more and more
YOU SING REALLY GOOD & YOUR SO CUTE HOPEFULLY YOU WILL COME TO FLORIDA !!
WORD! MT : - had an idea. If your HLS table topic doesn't get picked HACK THAT JUNK AND DO IT ANYWAYS!
either that or we gotta find you a baller nigga
Is there a #'trepQatsi tweetchat 2nite? What time? Stoked to unveil it!
oh hope youre ok
Heading to LA for a meeting with a client.
=) thanks for the RT!
No more projects!!!!!! Im so happy school is almost out !
ALERT: RT : USC memes is the worst thing I've ever seen. & I saw a hooker get beat up in an IHOP once. Worse than that.
I believe I am not mistaken in saying that Christianity is a demanding and serious religion. When it is delivered as easy and am
yay CONGRATS how exciting! Tweet pics of ur tree
I think that includes replies to others... Those can be full conversations. Tweet when weather happens and it'll grow!
Had a good time coaching along with the other guys in 4A North/South JR All Star game.
well then
Oh my. It's like being surrounded by 12 year old boys. Which is to say, pretty much the same as working in tech. ;)
I Lost 3 Followers After Saying Sounds Sexual To ... Wtf... Hehehehehehehehehe(: I Feel Accomplished.
Checking all the new arrivals of hair from india.
I dont wanna work, i just wanna bang on the drums all day!
all my followers follow and !!!
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 48
#TheWalkingDead - the soap opera drama is getting a bit tedious ... But if it's balanced w more zombie fighting scenes I will be content
It's weird that in the morning sleep always seems more important than twitter,
Hows the wide world of #wordpress treating people today?
Hm...no, I think I'll keep the rabbit. :D
I can't believe Girltalk hasn't developed some kind of Mercury/Van Winkle mash up,mix down hoedown. Only a matter of time.
"The Use of Hydrogen Peroxide to Visualize Tattoos Obscured by Decomposition and Mummification." Gotta love Journal of Forensic Science.
Absolutely! #lightbulbmoment MT Exactly! It is how you get them to invest and actively take stakes in the program
hey there hot stuff
I'm going to start rapping under the alias young gazpacho.
Hunting down a bug where my VSTi won't load in FruityLoops Studio 10 under Windows XP(32).
Hannah Montana movie :)
When was the last time you let a professional take a look at your phone and internet bills? How can you be sure if it is a good deal or not?
Well that's good. It's not Paramore without Hailey :)
hopefully no surprise 4 person suspensions tonight
congrats William
guess who gets to interview Wilco in just a couple of hours ?!!!!!!!
yo told me your mom only has you and bryce
That amazing moment when you're talking to a friend and he says 'say something, anything', and then you breakout into Tango Maureen full on
iM MOSTLY FOLLOWiN FAMOUS BiTCHES
“The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge...
#Zambrano to the #Marlins.... Great cant wait for the ass whoopin the #Cubs will get in S.Florida now!!
it's just so wacky that youre supposed to stick it in the dishwasher! Hahah
Change of plans eating at Chinese buffet. While at the buffet, we are doing face time with my sister lololol
dat shyt had me weak lmfao! oh i followed you give me a follow back my dude
: add another generation and welcome to my world--
hope your having a fabulous weekend!!!
Stop in for our Lunch buffet and try a Mango Mimosa!
There's no worse feeling than that millisecond you're sure you are going to die after leaning your chair back a little too far.
Yay! I have more than a hundred followers now, thanks for following me everyone, you Gus just made my day :D
About to watch Money Mayweather win again.
Worst bronchial /flu I've ever had. Lord I am starting to hate my couch!
Yay little bitch got a twit twit <3
MT Re:CPR “Two legal wins in the span of one week demonstrate the legal rigor of the pension reform initiative."
Just wanna get away and reach out. How I'd love to be a full time missionary. It's not my call, but it'd be fulfilling work.
#WhatIMissMost when you texted me w/o a problem every day... now I'm lucky if I get a text at all.....
i cant remember the last time i actually passed a math test this year. such a shame.
My TL is live right now. Ayee
Super hot day at Great American Ball Park. Guy at the end of our row just won Skyline Coneys for all of us!
Random question: favorite disaster movie?
cool, Facebook mobile changed.. AGAIN.
Good thing are announcing all their winners on Twitter. I'd hate to have to actually watch the show.
haha I bet they're all great photos! :D And Kellan is cute. (;
Shame on NY state court of Appeals for legalizing child pornography! You're encouraging the increase of kidnapping and human trafficking.
lolol ahh no sorry i was just repeating a silly question someone asked in my govt class lmao :X
That's so funny. I actually did have tacos!
thx for the #ff, have a great weekend! My Twitter followers, #ff a true sports fan here!
how does seven o clock tonight work for you?
One class stands between me and my Thanksgiving break! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
It's really sad that Joe Pa's career ended the way that it did and even more sad that we lost an amazing football icon!
goodnight;D
Me too! Today is my writing day.
Enjoyed meeting y'all last night at the bar, meet up again later on?
Renewable energy and resources are key! Thanks for following us and showing support to our local suppliers!
Two things can prevent this an updated resume and not getting married problem solved
gifted. I'll take it :)
At Rehearsal's
SUNDAY, SUNDAY, SUUUNDAAY!!!!
“: A tearful lament about the man you once loved on it!” Gotcha covered!! Hehe
That article doesn't even make sense (not that any of this does). Stunning.
Going to miss Herman Cain come Mon. He did make me hate the number nine tho. I had it removed from my keyboard and repl with add'l tilde
How can a chair make a motion?
follow back!
LIFE is similar 2 a refurbished computer with a yearly warranty you could either repaired it or upgraded its the same with friendships.
Lol I was scared
<3 RT : #SomeoneIWannaMeet My followers they are so amazing &amp; funny
Thursdays are always the hardest because theyre right there near the end of the school week just teasing you.
ME EITHER! Let the cat out the bag and the dates are lining up again for DC.
Oh, bloggers you say? Well, that's a different story completely...of course, Tumblr. Good choice, move along people.
Whoever lookz ahead minimize the chances of ever going wrong. #Don'tLoseFocus
Who wants to take me to breakfast .....
thanksgiving sucked
You're one of those "Reality" people! D: Weirdo!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Judy Hale is in Denver Wed. eve to share her knowledge on credentials, certificates & more. The public is welcome; small $. www.ispi-frc.org
thanks for the follow
.n Dats bad
#Oscar day...going to #vanityfair party later with my buddy. Tnx for the tix bro. Going to be a great night.
Beyond pissed! I will not be sleeping tonight
lolol.... "class act" is the first thing I think of when I think of a Kentucky fan
I see no flaw.
why you end Skype?:)
#HappyMothersDay.. I LOVE YOU MOMMY :))) Fuck Yeah I Say
This game is giving me a headache. #brewers - seriously. Get it together already...
stop lying lol
Ch. 11 The percent of prisoners in private facilities in Alabama is 2.8
She said...if you don't gag every once in a while, your not shoving.....nvm.. #UNFOLLOWED your nasty a$$......#B!TCH
#yomama so fat she got weighed on a truck scale
Tryouts went well Can't wait for our first Official Practice
Glad I didnt go to school. I needed a break
Everybody who thinks Usher is killing it on #SNL has likely auditioned for American Idol and been surprised by a dress down from Simon Cowel
I just really wish you knew how much you mean to me...
PR Tip of the Day: Reporters like simplicity. One-stop shopping increases your chances of getting coverage. www.RealNewsPR.com
haha that's what I wanted u to think! I'm a great photographer lol
The best part at being good at parallel parking is making your friends feel dumb. Probably the best part of most things.
Just got through mixing with FSU peeps and fellow USF students. Also met one of my profs for the first time. :)
oh god thats gonna happen to me too then
WOW! SAME SEX MARRIAGE fits right in with living in the UNITED STATES of AMERICA. THANK YOU JO BIDEN, ARNE DUCAN and PRESIDENT OBAMA.
Glen Echo Park for Family Day 4/30 11am-4pm. Performances, Dance, Art Activities, Face Painting, Cake & Lemonade, Carousel Rides & more.
Looking forward to #MPF12 today!
Crazy memory from the weekend: having as serious a discussion about dragons as I have ever had; including their role in a zombie apocalypse.
my cat is rolling around on his backk. xD he is such a dogg at heart xD <3
I wish I was tan like
Shout out to for makin real music and reppin Indiana
Web Design Company India, Profit By Outsourcing, Announces Ecommerce Recruitment Process Outsourcing Services
It's so refreshing to hear and on Sunday Night Baseball.
In the taxi and is already flirting with our driver lol
Good for Elizabeth! San Diego Fam.Law encourages conflict/manipulates/postpones for their own selfish greed. System corrupt
yes i did u wanna be a porn son?
oh yeah that spray looks fun!
Looking forward to it Brian. I'm in town in Oct for my brother's memorial. So, not this time out but next time for sure!
omg ya link
You're not following back, but my email is TallyCardz . Thanks Lex!
if I have the money then I'll be down!
The Region 7 AOSII panel will take 45-50 minutes for lunch.
Good morning Maine! And hello sleet and freezing rain. Ick.
The same thing we do every night Pinky....Try to take over the WORLD!
hemp rope friggin' hippie
#c2css12 Analytics are Big Data! Loving these definitions of the "A" words.
Damn they popped off some old lady in okc with that work lol..
What? Did someone say free TV? Call 888 216 1988 for details. Hurry before it's too late.
AMAZ... why is there a delay in game?? Knuckles turning white
Who havin a bbq?
yeah we got our logos on a couple of fighters trunks but those fights wont be on tv.
UK is about to start the biggest home series in the history of their baseball program against LSU. #1 vs. #2, can't get better than that.
"Hidden nature is secret God." Sri Aurobindo
Little girls say when I grow up I wanna be a star I wanna famous. Really I don't think anything thing changed...
ami miller had no career so knock it off
@ #TEamfOLLowBACK #TAF #Clubmaniacs (FOLLOW) The Lovely ======> to gain a new Follower. RT!
Thanks doll :) RT :
Glad we left it up to Chance!
the party don't start till i walk in
#pissed some dumb fuck hit my car when it was parked and now I have five deep ass scratches on my front bumper and there is nothing I can do
Rigged, I tell ya. Rigged. Hey, at least YOU know where the good stuff is, right? (there's only one acceptable answer here.)
let's see if the FA has any balls left to act up to this.
Heyy! Still want to talk to you about a celeb event for Bo Jackson! Take care!
Thanks for following!
I better watch it or might get all pissy at me.
thanks for the rt
Leviticus should have stayed on his lithium.
The gridlock in our governmental system is driving me crazy.Its time for a third party.
Where should I do with myself
p.s. I agree Some owners don't seem to get it A growl doesn't mean my dog is going in after the kill on your fashion statement dog
amber, she had purple hair and a grill lmao
hahaha as long as we don't tell her lol
Cant Wait To Hear Whats Next!
where does one acquire such things?
It does look pretty cool taped off, doesn't it? It doesn't look like it should take 5 1/2 hours, though. Ugh. Ouch.
I love that you're still calling her your baby. she's 4 now, right? Hope you're enjoying. A biz lunch WITH family, yay!
Fish n chips always gives me the piss n shits.
This made me die laughing! Lol! Too funny!
Judy from sterling heights just started the first rush at #ClintonTownship #stuffabus here we go!
I am here. I just don't know where here is.
RT So, which flavor can't you live without?
Thanks so much. Good to be back at work with friends.
You stupid..pooper!
“: The first game of the heated rivalry vs. tonight!”
Hi! I am producing a short video on the report on sugary drinks. Would love 2 interview a Kraft rep! Is it poss?
I love how listening to is part of researching and planning for one of next fall's classes!
I want a dog.
check out my updated description --- just for you guys :o)
everybody's all of a sudden tweeting ? i guess he must be online then.
Never mind, I just got the link.
Happy National Coffee Day! Come celebrate with a cup of the best Joe in Columbus. :)
do you think you could.... Follow me? <3
Let know that they should sign !!!!
lol i hope not
getting hit w ice here too. Not as bad as you, be safe!
Are you a fan of the Evil Dead movies?
RT": When people see that you're happy with someone else , they ALWAYS attempt to fuck things up."
I will be glued to the couch at 9:30 to watch OKC and the lakers play I've been waiting for this for so long
Making this day "mauve" -elous...all pedicure everythang.
Thanks for the suggestions! We'll add those under the Higher Education category.
Rebecca Black hates me ): oh well
Will I see at bingo players?(:
And don't forget, 13 main routes will stay in operation past the end of regular schedules with half-hour service in New Years until 4 am.
well first off I hope I get a few more hours of sleep ...lol than not too much!!!
solid use of twitter ap, ground beef and a dinner with musicians!
LMAO! I agree the guy is not qualified.
I have that, after breakfast hunger. I am doing so good at eating better though!!
A Bond girl in For Your Eyes Only used to be a man. 007 was not the only one with a secret weapon in his trousers!
McDs be tryna fool u with the mcflurry...this aint no damn large.
- is random
Enjoyed "It's Only Rock 'N Roll" by The Rolling Stones on Pandora
If a man can see both sides of a problem, you know that none of his money is tied up in it. -Verda Ross
Bye Bye..
Just 62 days until #VASHRM12 with great speakers like You won't want to miss it!
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
Subway is no longer cool with places like Jimmy Johns around
For anyone with a Cricut machine. We have tons of Vinyl Material Strips in Many colors. Only $2.75 lb for regular colors.$3.25 for Specialty
thanks for the shout out love & for the feedback on today's post, glad you enjoyed it!
End of the first half: Bombers 56 - B-team 44. Awesome gameplay by our Rookies!!!
I tried in English and Spanish for a while but it’s challenging indeed
Cavaliers have runners on second and third for Marcy Bowdren, 2 outs.
last day PPSS is open is Oct. 1
WHEEEE! What is it?
#righttoremix Seriously though, I'm with Let our creations go into the world…
Shop is busy today. The buzzing of the clippers is all you hear. We're all just trying to get the people out. Not a good day to get in.
#WOA tho...ppl change just like the seasons, especially in the summer time. #Ladies handle your business. #Fellas get it together.
How can I prove to you that I'm all you need and more? ...
absolutely! what do you do? we help the mentally disabled find jobs, be independent, and integrate into society
I will prepare and some day my chance will come.
#genomesolver #curenet dave micklos shows cloud computing feature of iPlant that allows you to do things real time that are mind-blosing!
RT Ah.....for f*ks sake. Tavis Smiley? To speak about the poor? Mr. Grifter Extraordinaire. #BashirLive #NitWit4Sale YEP
TWEETUP ALERT! Mark your calendars for Friday, 10/28 starting at 6:30pm at Embassy Suites. We'll post more at alaskatweets.com soon.
your welcome
"There's a couple of you guys, uh, that your current living situation is going to change." - Mike Leach
Hi Leslie, and thank you for following Does your show stream live online? I look forward to following your show. Best wishes
When can we get a review for an upcoming magazine?? Sonoda's LODO has been here since 1995.
What's the use case for linked data?
jason biggs from american pie isn't jewish
In North Carolina, you can marry your first cousin (heterosexually, of course). So, that should tell you something about North Carolinians.
How to unify disparate regional brand strategies into a cohesive global perspective - suggestions?
...also obsessed with the Holiday music channel
You #HeatHaters aren't even realistic. Most of you are Lakers fans too! Smh... The same lakers who were taken to a game 7 by the Nuggets
What happened to you? Your meal location tweets are uninspiring. You used to be hilarious.
I Really Just Dont Have Sympathy Towards Certain People ...
At work wishing I could get the fuck outta this hell hole!!!!!
A gonzo look at the Derby, courtesy of Hunter S. Thompson
Applied to my healing and throughout my life: "be quick but don't hurry" - John Wooden
Don’t ever mistake my silence for ignorance, my calmness for acceptance, or my kindness for weakness. You know who you are!!!! Shame on U!!
Interview tomorrow? I hope it goes well for you.
next week?
RT : The biggest tip I learned from #WeightWatchers is portion control."Successful weight loss is discipline not deprivation"
Big Bill has much to be thankful for this year. Coming back from the dead to haunt Chicagoland has been a hoot!
Hey thx a lot! All day I've had bohemian rhapsody lyrics in my head- while trying to approve scripts!
Stat book smelling like #beer >>>>
Plays posted with 30 min to tip off from 108 cappers and 3 consensus with more to come
If this whole comedy thing doesn't work out, I'm just gonna run for President...of Oprah's book club.
me too! Wow you really are always in LA. Haha
you no who! just think of who we were tlkn about in 5th period:D?
please follow back I want to ask some question
My wolf left me alone.
Last workout for myrtle
- Thanks for the RT. I see you already found the apology - do you think it's enough?
not me in good :-)
kiteboarding in Cape Town South Africa
Every girl has her bestfriend, boyfriend, and true love. But you’re really lucky if they’re all the same person.
When you promote good will to the world, good things happen in return.
That's why when cleaning orange juice stream comes not just anywhere, but it is in the eye?
DONT TELL ME I JUST WROTE THAT FOR NOTHING. :/ if my paper lost ima lose it.
Im in love wit a stripper she popin she rollin that bowln im in love wit a stripper she dippin she playin im not goin nowhere girl im stayin
10:30pm at Takoma, Glenmont-bound train's doors closed before man could exit, then caught him in door
Could it be and more eerie outside this halloween eve morning. Anyone ever see #TheMist??
Sweet Love.
We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly. Author unknown
I don't needa say whats up, my excuse is that I'm young and I'm only getting older somebody shoulda told you I'm on one.
Finished my holiday shopping... then went out and finished it again...
I love the Cordy/Xander kiss after the vamp is dusted between them.
<U+E407>no I don't want to get up
I am too! Christmas is so wonderful. I enjoy the songs and lights and all the good worship in Church. God is so Good!
we just got monkey ones over at noble studios! solid color is boring
Thank you we may actually need a 2nd photographer :)
Guys, treat your girls right when you have them because you may never be able to get them back once they leave no matter how hard you try.
I have a dog. So I tilt my head and pretend to understand Deleuze.
the Boyz never fail to make me smile. i love that.<U+E32A>
So the proper thing to do is to further divide the state?
I love u dani good night
Today was a 4 storytime day. The best kind of day.
Wedding then Stephen's prom. Today is gonna be fun :)
I'm a Denver kid with a world wide dream.
Team intern rocks!!
Its only 10am on the west coast and I am already ready for the game.
"Don't wait for the perfect moment...Take the moment and make it perfect."
RT : ITS #FREESEING IN ST LOUIS!!!!
Catching up on my night owl standards reading with HTML5 File API.
Last night, a guy told me he thought i was a queen in a past life. Not sure if that was a good thing.
Need corporate sponsors to sponsor a firefighter team -- $1,000 sponsors a team of 10 firefighters! Let us know if you are interested.
I want Exec in Milwaukee... however, it will be 2 years, if it survives that long... oh well, maybe when I'm in NY.
I need thief achievements, haha, that's why I'm going assassin.
and it's gonna go to charity, underprivileged kids are gonna go and pick up the hunnads after the wedding.
Its starting! (:
So many good shows this summer.. July/August is going to be the best.
Enroute To Lynn to face the Generals. Stay tuned! We will try to tweet the game! To follow us on twitter!
You lost an hour, but we'll give you a shot...of espresso! Add a FREE shot to any drink today through next Sunday
Join me in the pure atmosphere of gratitude For life
I fear puke and have an on-the-spot gran mol seizure every time a chick in her 20s tells me that 30 is the new 20.
I filed a Lost/Delayed report receipt. Disappointed in the customer service at baggage claim.
with the first TD of the day
how much? Why you sellin it???
Gearing up for the #farmersmarket tomorrow! Cant wait to see all of you at the market! =)
let's discuss via text!
We love music!
wherever! Theyre giving us pizza @ meeting so maybe just froyo or something? Unless you 2 don't like pizza & want a meal
Happy candids highlight such natural beauty. Definitely an album worthy snapshot!
Wish I had know about Urban Evolution Parkour Training Camp in VA earlier =(
We don't need to hear about Parish's love life!
I'm working on my first office365 cloud project - very interesting - sharepoint online workflow has great potential to automate biz process
Barton kicks Man City player in knee AFTER original red card...
oh don't worry, we already got it all planned out. Next season: Complete Crew.
I'm sick of the whole Kardashians scandal.. There's nothing more they can say to cover up the scam!
She was too excited about her 17 likes on her status. Lbs
Contemplating whether or not I should stay up for 4/20??
When Ray Allen retire thats go fuck me up
What up Everyone!! Ready for the weekend?
I want a life like what is shown at the end of the Scrubs season 8 finale.
I'm Trying:(
Aaaaawww thank u sweetie same to you and your family.
glad to hear cafe gutenberg has reopened (it was closed wasn't it?)
#drawsomething level hard what the hell is this you are telling me too draw????
I worked at a consulting firm that did work for Walmart years ago, and can assure everyone that bribery is not typical of how they operate.
I hope IT hasn't started
Graton brings out my inner hippie (even more) and I love it
Great first day at KC Watersports! First of many this summer!
I probably should have asked what the person looks like that I have to meet with...in the
Well, he is the treasurer.
#PleaseShutUpIf youre speaking and no one likes you
Just saw the cutest thing ever. :3
Must...go...make...children's...books.
Hope my kids at work are ready for the bitching I'm gonna give them! I know I'm ready!
I really need to get out into some nature today - maybe a drive to Mt. Baker?
One day when the sky is falling ill be standing right next to you...
Streaming Faith should be as wetness of water.
you have got 1 hot body.
U think you all that #saveit nigga
#19MillionMonsters U Rock!! We Love U, GaGa!!
Thank God for auto correct.
Blueberry pancakes & kid shows :)
I forget how much I love Slipknot
RT : was elected unanimously for co-chair of the
rihanna has lipstick on her teeth! Academy of country music awardsplease retweet
lots of emotional testimony on heartbeat bill before senate committee...hear some of it coming up at 11
Happy Days is my shit.
Safe, dry, fed, love and loved - these nurture the body and soul - we all need these
We must close the gap between the have & have nots!
Took care of some business, now groovin to some early w/ God's Property. What a nice day
On da Price is RIght!!!!Da showcase show down!!! I want to be the one dat go last!!!!! So I can see that first person before me overbid!!!!
I'm in the studio doe so imma get at y'all
I miss my favorite pinoy :(
voucher-for-bumping = impromptu subsidized email catchup at LAX.
I think Rails is a good option, but how to navigate the diff between APIs/Apps. Any good examples?
When youu think your "Enemy" is the one talking crap about youu when its actually your Best friend. -.-
Listening to a dot-matrix printer through the wall. It's a wonder no sci-fi creature-villian was ever modeled on one. Evil hissing jigsa ...
: having a great night gettin back to my dancing roots at Ritmo Latino at Couture =]
Because the power people are concerned about the wrong "Green"
Ha, I won't text you, I'll tweet you. How bout that? lol. So not into this fake Holiday. But anywho, have a great day anyway!
your such a sweetie (:
how do u kno this lol can I be the winner
Hey stud I'd like some soup with my salt..
Awake :) Coffee Time
As of today, I've been for 6 years. Thank you to my co-workers, and our clients, for making time fly! I'm a lucky girl.
no, someone new every year surprises the world
Christ on a bike Dallas up to 6 with a trade with St Louis.
Yess! Text me? And we need to get together in person soon too <3
I'm okay. It was very indirect ("I hate faggots" while walking past). Kid. I feel bad that someone so young has so much hate.
I sell out arenas, I call that gettin dome
Pens need this game to end up 6-2. Need a wake up call
From your lips to Anna Wintour's ears!
Facebook probably bought the 'You've got mail" guy in the package of patents too.
I'm sorry, we don't. Has you're friend tried linking into people on #Linkedin?
yo. madison. if you see this tweet me an "i like food."
Gabrielle Giffords (D-Ariz.) is in my prayers. It's hard to believe something like this could happen.
I am just glad he chose Griffey and then took off to run his tourist boats.
it's no getting knocked up, but it's the last age I had an attention span without also being a hormonal misdirected wad.
I hate being sick. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
What loads slowly? The article looks like it is says Butane loads slowly, but the WebNuggetz post says Drupal loads slowly.
Should u mentor someone in same grade/content area or different? Curious, I've got my thoughts
Thanks for the #ff ! Have a great weekend.
so excited. Friends from the east coast have been texting spoilers lol
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
I wish i could sleep with my man every night
Any person capable of angering you becomes your master; he can anger you only when you permit yourself to be disturbed by him.
You're not effective ...your whole style is "wet paint".
glad to hear everyones excited. We're counting down the days too.
OK even I *think* is me today... ;). Saw one of her tweets, was like I didn't write that- #prettyamycoverphoto :)
only his 13th suspension!
WOW KID YOU AREN'T FUNNY
This too shall pass......
“It is only when we no longer compulsively need someone that we can have a real relationship with them.” -Anthony Storr
glad we could help your studies ;)
People play air guitar and don<U+FFFD>t get in trouble so I don't see why I was arrested for wearing air pants
Just stand up and scream.
The Blizzard of 1993 dropped 11.9 inches of snow on Baltimore on March 13, 1993.
Hi my name is Joeanese and i have a pet sea squirell that i found on the shore of the amazons, you touch squirell i kill you!
#MentionYourCrush twitter didn't provide enough characters.
Katno on the loose lol Vin your so cute<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I totally get how you're feeling. Horrible week. Let's have a better one this upcoming week please :)
; everything you say pisses me off. -_-
Doomsayers fast readjusting positions: Roubini on August 31 said 60% chance of recession in "2012" -now says depression risk is "huge". Duh!
Open mic auditions were today think I nailed it : D
Some car washes have a rain policy, so you might be able to get it washed again! Check the receipt.
i love dippin dots my favorite:) i know im not the only one that loves them..who else does:)
Do You Want To?
Hardy loves the monster!
its just on my bucket list =D
Am I the only one in DC not at the Springsteen concert tonight?!
bitch, I'll slap you if you knock her out. Lol I sound SO ghettoz.
It better not rain today!
Getting my tan on so I can look like
Good tap selection... Enjoying me river west!!
please folow me please
Vikings Gab: Vikings List of Undrafted Free Agents Inked ...
Thank you! I bit the bullet and ordered one online today. Couldn't fiddle around anymore! Appreciate the response!!
I couldn't get it until this morning. Got it for less than $4 though wish it worked last night.
Over the past 2 years, 2-1-1 has handled 30M calls, 12% of which were #health related. Happy #211 Day!
Super-excited to see and in #ALittleBitCountry!
Elle Varner is so beautiful
oh no its ok im always on twitter when im getting ready for school
Instagram is where it's at
Thanks for following guys!! I think your music is, on a 1-10 scale, a 20 on the kick ass meter and more. Massive talent there ATS.
Sample driving directions in Palm Springs: "Take Frank Sinatra to Bob Hope, then a left on Country Club."
Awww T.I. look too good wen he mad lawwddd ;) ;).
Last Monday night underage in tucson. #happiness : Last night of the year getting $.50 wings #tears”
2 days left of work, 2 exams, 1 final presentation, and tons of packing..... I can do it
Correct - 4000-Series rehab is part of the 7000-Series contract.
There's a poop in the living room. I stopped writing to tell you that.
1500nl at wsop today, feelin great after a couple much needed days off.
Thank you so much for all the support!
Dope session tonight at The Lab w/
He said oh my damn :p
yes!! let's make it happen!
Yay! Glad you get to enjoy it. Hopefully the rain stops. I want baseball tonight!
Cool! the mayor of LA is following my film tweets
Australlian accents :) I hm
Headed to the #DallasCowboys vs. Giants tailgate. Recovery for last night's Christmas party
Dedication: RAUL JOSE MONREAL GONZALES, Hey Dad, I miss you and I love you very much. I'll make it ok and I'll take of my bro. Barb
Still time to register.
I think I'll help... myself to another portion of holiday food.
ok im running lol
Correct. He didn't murder anyone in cold blood. At least not on purpose.
“: Sorry, #Libra lovers dont make friends with the ugly or rude.” What u said
that's what you need to do
SO great dining with you my friend! See you in Sept. :)
I love the roof
"yr plans by encouraging you to write many exquisitely crafted tomes so that by the time you are done it will be far too late to die young."
agreed!!! He'd be perfect
d'aw thanks! Props to for that one! What about mine with ! Did you know I'm a movie star!!
yayyyyy. Other than that. How have things been?? Did u race at all this year ??
Congrats to team pro for shipping his 4th ring
What was weird was that it found you when I was hooking my photobucket account up to my Google+ . I think it read my contacts.
Hello my name is Kendria and I'm addicted to shopping!
Ah Raquelina <3 I was sick at school w/ ear infection, red eye, and my body was hurting + my shoes were hurting LOL
Attention dancers: Allegro will be hosting another audition on Oct 16 Sat in Washington PA visit www.allegrodancecompany.net
#thingsireallycantstand shut up. I'm pretty sure nobody types all ghetto anymore. like with those q's instead of g's.
Who do i have to fuck up at ur job, irritating my best friend!!! 60 hours, get it!!!! #HeadWomanInCharge stackin that paper
Sunday is the Bridal Show! Bridal Show! Bridal Show! Bridal Show!Bridal Show! Bridal Show! Bridal Show! Bridal Show! Bridal Show! Who's in??
Cincy holds off Texas - 9 way tie for first
Oh man, I am going to have to get me some Gak!
i hav stereo hearts by gym class heroes stuck in myy head...well i guess thts not a bad thingg. <3
Whenever I ask my mom to do me a favor, she tells me, "No! I thrust you from my loins, and that was enough."
aw yay! Good for you girl! I definitely recommend signing up for a race, it's a great motivator to actually get out there and go!
that would be a cold day in 2 hells- theirs AND mine (unless company gets sold again....the local non-corporate folks are my family)
RIP tom kenny
Thanks for the retweet, dude! Hope all is well over there in Winston Land.
I WILL MISS ALL MY SENIORS SO MUCH. <3 :')
OH guy to a kid wearing wellies "do you like to stomp in puddles? ...me too"
Angela Bassett has been cast opposite Samuel L. in Mountaintop directed by
As a vital Man I am a vitamin to humanity. A vessel for a living God of pure strength, love,and faithfulness. Take me I'm yours. Let's grow.
Count down to FFFTF! On deck: Grand Red Velvet, Orange Drop and all ur favorites along with the incredible Banana Split thriple layer cake!
yeah I did, I hit you back !
Since Gaga canceled her Indonesia tour date she has time for a stop in Hawaii... Just kidding
-- Is your Count Nibula tapped for this week?
tweeted the address in butler that apparently the rossmorganrager was happening at
On the other hand - that is the first time I've ever received a political robocall, so that's kind of cool.
From our GlobalCrucible family to yours - Merry X-Mass & Happy prosperous New Year!
that was peace and love to you and knock them out with your beauty :-) glad for our connection
almost there just a few more
So.. you're saying our teams basically need 4 aces to compete. Kind of like my poker game.
Hey - I'm able to log into my gmail account with a single password right now despite 2-step verification being enabled. What gives?
I'm TAKEN!!
I can just teach you! But in answer to your question, no. :-)
Watched #DowntonAbbey tonight on , and I have a guess about Mrs. Bates' killer. I can't wait to see if I'm right!
A4. seems to live pretty far... But I'll be in South Africa soon (albeit briefly). Actually, anyone in Jburg?
I fell asleep but Twitter says we won! Ah!
good night everyone !(:
If you could select one city as having the best food where would it be?
Huzzah! Bike rack installed and I have bungee cords. Let's see what I can't do with this thing!
Yeah, I'll bet it would. I researched for over a year to determine where to live. Sarpy was definitely our #1 choice
"I can sale ocean water 2 ah whale"
lol if ima start pickin up the tabs ima need a job
you in town?
No, Apple TV, I *wont* watch a movie entitled "The Vow" with someone named Channing Tatum.
Q. What does the average Michigan player get on his/her SAT? A. Drool. [RT if you agree!]
what?! They're getting married THIS sat?
it's going great! plenty of new songs and remixes are being worked on, and its our best work yet. thanks for asking :)
The Vietnamese lady who does my nails and eyebrows is so cute and funny
Of course I get sick 2 days before school starts, someones mad at me,PLUS swim prac was cancelled because of thunderstorms #ThisDaySucks </3
.." Sometimes you wanna go where everyone knows your name. . ."
Thank you for the heads up and sorry for the inconvenience. Parking services is checking into the problem now.
We're jamming at the trailer right now. Come get you some till 6pm.
the #QRcode on my grave will say, "Scan to hear from the afterlife." And then it will be me screaming, "It's hot! It's burning. A!"
What's good robin hood...
would you like me to stop by on my way? :-(
S/O to all my #TeamTexans followers Sunday is D day
#TheAvengers I want to watch it!
Got my pad and blanket at the shelter...Gods original glory is greater than mans original sin, which is where we find hope.Night!
thanks man let us know what you think :)
following you back! :)
thanks you too!
Happiness is a warm red bean pastry.
NATIONAL LAB DAY IS TOMORROW! Are YOU celebrating?
Fear the Deer! Cheer the BEER! Let's go BUCKS!!!!!
haha, have you ever tackled "Reading Capital" by Althusser et al? An interesting collection of essays.
simply text back "did you hide the body?" and see what happens.
did u c came on again at 12:30 my time, she must miss us LOL
I'm done Fuckin wid lame bitches that live to impress the world
Mad Men?
Need a ride to church tonight?? Let us know!! Starts at 6
15 bucks a meg on ATT with no international plan. Was up there a few weeks ago :/
I don't want to join your club. Leave me the fuck alone and let me do what I want.
it's all out of love.
Thanks again to everyone who attended today's PDX Duck Biz Lunch! It was a huge success, and we look forward to seeing you all Monday 6/11!
Doing some more yard work at my bro 's place
They say love is in the air, so ihold my breath till my face turn purple , <U+E32D>
Dear Jesus, I can afford wine. How about you start turning water into gas?
EVERYONE RT and go follow and !!!!
I did
Guess what!!??? Only 7 days till birthday!!!
sorry I was busy.... And why you think that? Coz it hurst?
Hello, pretty lady! Sending you all the energy and good vibes you need, and then some. XO
<frustration target="#mybrain" type="xml">
"A friend is someone who understands your past, believes in your future, and accepts you just the way you are."
Getting some sleep now, will work setting up several ESXI virtual instances tomorrow. Hope it'll be fun stuff...
wondering just how much trouble you're getting into.. ¬¬ Don't forget we have a mission! :)
cant wait for this week to come i cant wait to see him :)
Soon my friend. RT : how about we put one of these together for the San Diego area?
me too
THAT is a positive finish.
RT : Zen. RT : If you can't explain it in 140 characters, your idea is too complicated.
UMD Engineering and Physical Science Library (EPSL) now has a Twitter account: Twitter name: libepsl. Follow us to get EPSL updates.
anyone want a shoutout ? ;D
Got caught up on a couple of Dexter episodes last night, and who did I see on the TV screen? Why Dave Barnes of course. Rock on!
RT : Joy-filled from last night praying for the racial reconciliation of our city. Keep coming and asking
A vely diverse and attentive audience filled Hannaford Hall in the Abramson Community Center to hear Judge UNITY DOW this evening
follow me shaye!
Luckily Mom believes the 5th row Barry Manilow tix I gave her for her b-day carry over as Mother's Day gift. Looking fwd to a cookout today!
Hey, #Hannity, when you gonna do this much coverage on #Romney flip-flops? You are a sad, pathetic hypocrite.
#np call me maybe <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Lights on lights off
I'd pay $799 to see that! Then I'd make a Beauty and the BEAST edition.
At Grainger, amazed that I am pulling up part #'s on my phone quicker than the guy at the counter on his computer and catalog.
Any questions?
Every long lost dream led to where you are
(: what movie? And that's chill and A lot! :p
Watching Frozen Planet on the Discovery Channel since my Earth Day activity was rained out. What are you doing on Earth Day?
The worst day of my life? January 20th when the 'big' storm hit Chicago & my dad didn't want to drive to the concert!
A nice warm beach. Its supposed to SNOW here tomorrow!!! :(
...Jordis I am still crying (Tears Of Joy) that You were Saved...Your Voice...Soulful...Feel-it-in-your-heart Music !!!!!!
A three-year diet of rubber chicken and occasional crow.
Critics Consensus: The Three Stooges Is Sometimes Funny, Sometimes Un-Soiten This weekend at the multiplex, we've got two Howards and a F
Tyreke all day!!
Have a Happy Easter Kendra! :)
Welcome to twitter! You're in good company here. :)
Have u been wanting to do a colon cleanse but not sure what one to buy?? I've done this one & I works mynsp.com/cleanstart (CleanStart)
Thanks so much for following!
He got my vote
My stomach hurt
heyy austin i love you so much please follow me <3 :] 14
Personally, I prefer to make sweeping generalizations based on a conversation with a couple of my students.
oh my god oh my god! I'd want it recorded though so I can relive it whenever I want... Lol. I know, so much to ask
exactly... and they're not going to have a good read on weeden after one year of getting clobbered in the backfield.
Now we're talking BB! #LOVE Celine
we have agency in our houses of worship. and if we don't, we have agency to find a house of worship that respects us, yknow?
Sexiest voice on earth award goes to: ! Nice meeting u at the event last wk :)
Just gave a homeless guy a beer...forever cherished.
I'm not fuckin playin with this woman, she gettin on this damn beat lol
Anybody know the Schedule C code number for web developers? Also, it's looking more and more like bloody mary time.
Use your pain as motivation and thank those that hurt u
my followers have been rising show me some more love ya'll
What about the other four?
Want to know a great way to start your morning? Try our Mate Madness Mango Tea It's Yerba mate flavored with mango
I can't believe no one stepped up to the plate #smh lol
Tampon jokes are the best kind of jokes.
Boo’d Up: Beyonce and Jay-Z Courtside at Knicks vs. Nets Basketball Game [PHOTOS]
Thanks for the follow, !
Those feet need to b sucked by me >:)
yes. Cock tree. "I have thus
Loving Multnomah County Library's next-gen OPAC!
#HumanTrafficking generates $32 BILLION in profit. Second only in profits to Arms and Drug trades.
She's On Low Key Freaky Ish Lol
Yea, it really doesn't make any sense. We hope they come to realize that the alternatives are cheaper and better!
Where's our TX fans at?
How is this different from the fight to make gay marriage legal and accepted? Shameful, NC.
Note on website how-do-you-spell.com: Description Currenlty Unavailable
Another Nerd rage wolverine was so willing to kill hope but couldn't kill a kid he knew was going to grow up to be apocalypse
hahahahahahah that sucks!:)
Time to move into the peroration.
...and we're getting a heavy rain! Merry X-mas, friend!
I'm going to open a store next to forever 21 and call it finally 22.
Heard last night: "Pigs get fat, Hogs get slaughtered."
OMW to the Beach!!!
lol, I have a booking on easter sunday in NYC
John Mayer doesn't create/produce a single bad record/song. All his music is amazing.
yes i am
highly recommend west la wertz brothers for all furniture needs. You have to hunt for bargains but it's the best selection around
Getting ready for Rasputin.I will celebrate by birthday at 12am
I just tried a Tex-Mex omelette for the first time. It was great. What is your favorite omelette?
Whew... Thankfully, there can only be one quarterback who saves the day in the last few minutes
Thanks to for the RT!
Watching The Conspirator.. I've heard good things
Sad night for all Penn State fans
glad you guys like it. Thanks to everyone for the positive feedback
I wish I could still tell him that I love him. I wonder if he is still thinking about me. Stressed out, and I'm only 16.
It's a self-hosting computer with GPIO pins, USB and video. What CAN'T you do with it??
well fail. lol
Good Morning :)
i love you from china back<U+2665>
I still get nervous when I see a north hills envelope in the mail or the number on the phone
Get right with Cod.
Just watched 3 men in 2 minutes leave Publix with some pitiful looking flowers
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 25
Lol..you're talking strange..I don't understand this gibberish..
i want someone who cares and supports me and wants to know i made in safe, instead of being too busy gettin drunk with friends and not carin
RT : School needs to end, like now.
Cause i can't take it when i'm gone, gone, gone, gone, gone.
It's good, you know, when you got a woman who is a friend of your mind
Whether you need a one time deep clean, weekly or bi-weekly scheduled cleaning, let us know what your cleaning needs are
#WVU fans, we hope you are holding out to finish this game in the stadium or on tv
A member of the Chicago Craft Mafia was recently sued for using "Cozie" in her name and lost her biz name/website/etc.
People watching in the concourse at the Red Sox game. Is there some Northeastern senior night event here tonight?
i think your years are cool haha! and your friend followed me ahaha:)
hey didn't u message me about anita needing a bassist?
I love my brother, the left armpit.
as a teaching professional, it is one of the most valuable books I have read. Halfway through.
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle The Titties and the goblin
Last Night was beyond fun! I'm still in recovery mode trying to get ready for Tonight! #YouDefinitelyKnowHowToParty!
Yup... And I'd rather do anything than work out. and are convincing(threatening). Ha!
#Countdown, less than 10.000 followers! is coming close to reaching the #16MillionsBritneyArmy on twitter! #TeamBritney RT
how's japan?
is on-air. Who is your favorite Chicago celebrity? That's our topic on Ch. 7 today!
Thanks for the shout-out, NARIP! We love you guys!
Looking forward to getting back to my Cincy home and working on some writing projects. So much to do in life, where does all the time go?
So good. I wish I could do the "You!" voice
Don't fuck with anything less than SSD.
And I don't "throw" misogyny around. If I feel offended, I express that and I use that language. That's my right.
What up & !? Two of our awesome traffic flow guys!
Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take but by the moments that take our breath away... like choking.
Tony allen can't stick cp3
Hope they Beat Ohio st
Z Burger Sidewalk Café is quite contegious!
you are so nice. thx.
Planning to spend my morning at #foss4gna learning all about transit mapping, my possible new love.
I ended up with an A too. Not sure anyone didn't. I rec'd 92 on paper and 10 on the ePort.
A great tip from my friends at #seoanalytics: Use "mod_rewrite" to convert dynamic URLs to search engine-friendly URLs. Ask for more info.
Glad to be with a group from Gateway Science Academy in the Missouri State Capitol meeting with elected officials.
You may join us. Possibly. As long as it happens :)
read it last year great book
oh no you went there lol. You know that whole episode was crazy and funny. Hugging a tree in labor is awesome lol
Welcome to the bay!
I hope to see TONS of #wedding photos of #NYE Weddings!!!!!
99% of all people have secrets. How do people know that? Isn't it supposed to be a secret?
#daysofdialogue ,The Galen Center is about to begin- Leadership arriving for conversation bout Economic Crisis & Community Health
Trying to watch the #Brewers game while listening to drunk barfly sports analysis. My eyes are rolling.
This is something I can't even talk about with friends.
Women enjoy the journey while men enjoy the destination.
Below is a comment I got about a trainer at Villa Sport, "Killer Kelly" as some call her.
I want something better for myself.
well he is a growing teenage boy were lucky hes no a 5 (now tht would jus make no sense)!!! Lol
one.more.final.
it really is like rocket fuel isnt it? I would not survive a day without it!
That new spiderman movie need to hurry an come out
awh you already follow me :)
There are 4 college cheerleaders in my apt right now...
Reading the #SteveJobs book on my #kindle should be required reading for any business majors, also abnormal psychology, and womens studies.
#nowsmoking God of Fire by Don Carlos Robusto Gordo at Signature
We're just one week away from our fabulous 40th Anniversary celebration! Will you be joining us for the festivities? Nov 4-5, great fun!
A warm thank you to for following Tom Shaw Trio!
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 94
You'll never live a happy life if you always care about what others think about you.
Check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLC's @ stratejoy.com & I'm sure you'll feel inspired! Bring on change!! :)
& #Riverside County EDA's Export Trade Assistance Partnership (ETAP) workshop; great to see so many local companies!
You want your relationship to last??.... Keep people out of you business..
I'm tired tonight. Goodnight.
Thanks for the tweet! We can't repro the problem on our end, please leave us some feedback on the site & we'll investigate!
u wouldn't drive to clackamas
I hate when doesn't answer his phone
aw he'll naw.!! Lol un uh I'm taking it then too.!! Who else is waiting.??
nice! If u zoom in on the clevege, it looks like a great ass also!
^ When they came together in Galilee, he said to them, “The Son of Man is going to be delivered into the hands of men. They will kill...
In spanish with
“: good luck! Ive never done one!” Come join my team!! We are doing the one close to you!! Northern Indiana June 16!!! <U+E252><U+E252><U+E252>
Guys, listen. When you have a beautiful girlfriend, don't cheat on her with some ugly scumbag whore.
skip plz if he was clutch hhe wouldnt let wade take tha last shot everyyyytime he cant handle missin tha shot
you know how you have the thing teling you how man people are on your blog? well ive been trying to get it & it wont work..
acutely aware of the fact that major blowers in my building do not sound good through microphones
Anyway, what makes a native-born more American than a naturalized one ?Plenty of boys gave their lives in 'Nam & a bunch other places & they
OMG yur stupid! :p
Overbought asparagus for Easter and now expect intestines to be permanently saturated w/ asparagus pee smell. Will drink Febreeze for lunch.
why is that?
Mary I made cupcakes!
Create a new msn ! please i really want talk with you.
Thanks, Google Alerts, for warning me about my own Twitter presence. Couldn't have done it without you!
why wouldn't they?
thx Keith for the mention!
as of right now we haven't gotten any stories so send it over whenever! :) i'll let you guys know when i figure it out though!
Of course, after I wait 3 months to get my car washed, it rains. You're welcome, rain-deprived DC.
I'm so thankful I've met such a classy guy. You inspire me to do amazing things. Keep being an amazing gentleman.
St. Francis - Subject reported armed with AK-47 and handgun. One subject has left the house.
a jet ski. I've never seen a sad person on a jet ski
I wanted to act like I found some hidden $1 ribs. And yell "I found the rest of them" and run to checkout.
Pressing a toy that says 'TRY ME' at the store and it wont stop, So you just awkwardly walk away like nothing happened.
Beach shoot this weekend w/ Chele Brandon (figure competitor & model). Fun in the sun!
Gonna go to bed so I can forget abt my stupid fucked up life..
If I did get the job, TED would have an interesting "look who we hired" story of its own. (I wld DM, but you're not following me).
same with my phone, so weird~
that's awesome idea about I'm rooting for you. Good luck
Cripple jokes aren't funny, I can't stand them
No camera, but spotted the first holiday lights up & lit & I ain't talkin Halloween! What r they thinking?
Thanks for switching back to full-text RSS feed. Glad I stuck around long enough to notice!
yes, that is a very true statement
Goodness. These newfangled #hybrid #buses are so quiet! I feel like my #earbuds are too loud.
Groves is experienced with Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, Dementia & Diabetes.
I'm obsessed with
yea i did number 1, it's the easiest
Have you been using your #CN account? Let us know what you think!
It's in the mail!
And that's your first mistake. FD.
Each1Teach1 RT : My visit 2 #smilecon has generatd lots of interest fr colleagues. Ppl R going 2 get a crash course on social media.
2012 Western Kentucky Hilltoppers Football Schedule
V interesting! Does that mean he can't even have a personal email account or anything?! I had no idea!
public/private partnership RT Isn't a private equity firm doing an IPO some kind of paradox?
Washing my hair den im out for the night
Yes! I love it.
Morning! Yes indeed!
hydrate, shampoo, condition.. in order to maintain the best quality hair!
I can't stand you #Basic #Hoes that think its cute to out dress your own kids lol bitch nobody wants a hoe that can't take care of kids.
Yoga then art festival...its gonna be a good day!
Eat ur salsa with guacamole: tomatoes r hi in lycopene & avocados help the body digest 4x the amount of lycopene. Yeah! I love guacamole!
Lemon w/ salt! ^_^
I'm talking about the rest the games!
Opening day! Wish I was going to #WrigleyField to cheer on the This could be the year! Anything is possible, right?
Is one of the best WR he is such a beast
A crisis is an opportunity riding the dangerous wind - Chinese Proverb :) each age has it's crisis - Jane Jones :)
Right actions in the future are the best apologies for bad actions in the past.
Note to self: when making it easier for others I'm usually making it 10 times more harder for myself.
Your avatar is freakin awesome!
Yes, thanks, Laurie! RT : RT : Thanks for facilitating a great discussion!
We would be happy to help you. Please call 800.311.5656 and press 1 for support.
How and when can we start using pins for our tweets?
Getting ready to pitch the networks--project almost completed, just need to put finishing touches on the website--stay tuned!
Thanks again to & all they do to keep the Tech world interesting. Awesome prez at #MinneBar today!
how you gon tell em to eat a dick then say he nice as hell ? o_0
Well I guess we won't be sweeping the thunder...
Just saw a guy smoking in his car with 2 propane tanks in the backseat
Really nice post, and very nice profile. :).
blatantly? Missed shot at 3:35 (not to nitpick secs) and layup blocked. Point being best player in game needs to be aggressive
awe thanks.
My dryer gave up fuzz for lent.
is it that hard to follow me
Its 1:00am, I'm awake, and not worried about being tired tomorrow. This is something new.
Oh.. So that's why I'm sick & annoying <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Hey LA Company! Break a leg tonight!
So pissed I'm missing this amazing bears game
Re-reading C# manuals, new word I missed: "arity", the quality of having type parameters. Flashed to thought of "ate" from Hesiod...
Okay which is harder to drive NASCAR or IndyCar?
Feeling extra blessed today. So many things to be thankful for in this life :)
Please no Hudler!
It's Up To You To Make Those Hit Records, Its Up To Us 2 make It #SOUND Like a Hit Record!!
Another chance to win two $25 passes to the Mylan Classic at Southpointe Golf Club! Passes go to lucky caller #7 during today's show!
Soundtrack Pro self-training this morning. Gotta learn more about audio to improve the quality of the podcast.
One of my favorite Pres. Warrick Carter-isms is when he starts to count & list numbers for no reason. "And 7...no, where was I? 6! Uh..."
RT : stephen is in Hollywood watching Beowulf.
Happy hour starts at 11am today, great food and drink specials all day
im going to try!!!
gfy!!! she prolly jus won over alot of people in this town wit that tweet. Idgaf attitude Aplus in my book
I want to marry her
what color are the Rangers wearing for game 3? I have to prep my wardrobe thank you!!!
just the command to create a new app in Rails. Have fun, hope you're doing well!
I don't think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains.
and tell me, that's not our fault our country is big?! we work hard every time to have our idols' attention! they should too
oh well that's interesting! I'd rather be doing that then being in psychology right now ):
Remember when I predicted that Swansea absolutely would not be relegated and people laughed at me? Turns out I was right!
I am! Just unbelievably busy. XD
Just gonna wear a sweater, not really down to dress up
m, I would if u were in Manchester, Vermont... but it sounds like the UK... thats a long drive ! ;) lol !
my mom is probably getting pissed cuz of the mentions lmao xD
Happy to announce that I'll be the guitarist for THE SHOTSKIS JAM NIGHT BAND every Tuesday nights starting in May at Shotskis in W. Springs!
The little things make a big difference.
You have to try our Sweet Potato Pie! It’ll make you feel like you're back in Texas :)
I stay with a smile on this face, even when I'm sad :-)
Should I go in for another check up on my leg? I was told I didn't have to. But my leg is still swollen.
Goal - Get To Follow Me Before 2011 Ends!(:
Humor is the affectionate communication of insight
so nice of u to go Xmas shopping for lil ol me.
Up playing temple run!
Going to #EXHIBITOR2012? Be sure to come visit us and stop by our booth!!
Thirsty Monk was so our speed last night. THANK YOU!
Working on my project proposal.
Ima just laugh "hahaha" and carry on <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00B6>...nothing but BS
#RomanticHorseNames Still like it.
Finally made it to Green Vegan restaurant in Tempe! Yum! Definitely going to be a regular there. Thank goodness it's close to work!
me too
Kobe with the 90 3 pointer for the win !
sure what is it
nah no one come back home ya fuckin skell
Getting toads high
Listening to Rick west Tampa break beatz, old school kid.
Yes, they were - but you found the answers online! So they were special!!
Any luck?
I think Mark Coppin is impressive regardless of the technology he uses. :-)
24 Days until
did he block me?
Besides that, I cant believe on of my best friends got the 2 guys I "fancy" to sign my get well card c: Means a lot to me
It's a busy day of news, but I'll have to make time for #FreeConeDay! I'm no longer in #vt, but is delicious everywhere.
You asked for it; it's here. Michel Cluizel's Caramel Sea Salt Bar. Going fast. Stop by The Chocolate Library today!
#ThingsWhiteFolksScaredOf getting a detention
Mane im tired
Just know that you're not alone.
Hulsey says cops wouldn't let him and Sen. Glenn Grothman into Capitol as crowd of several hundred pursued Grothman on Tuesday.
You don't have to have perfect faith to receive a miracle from God. God knows we are all imperfect, that's what Jesus died for!
Thanks! Nike++Twitter=twiike-enabled
All of our thoughts to Vivace today, as they say goodbye to one of their own. Brian Fairbrother you were one of the great ones.
Polo mansion not macys!
Texas Rangers star Josh Hamilton's 4-homer bat breaks, bound for Hall of Fame The bat that Rangers slugger Josh Hamilton used to b
#thingsmostpeoplelikebutidont HOMEWORK!! DAMN Y'ALL!! REAL KART WILLIAMS!! REAL WILL FERTELL
Tried it and it worked -- thanks!
I'm #AGirlThat wishes could follow her ? :)
enjoying our time on this planet while striving for happiness, being honest and improving humanity as a whole as much as possible
Tonight's the 1st night in awhile where #RedSox fans have something to cheer about, and #Celtics fans are bummed out big time.
Yeah I want to slap em
Could he be that stupid?
Love ur neighbor,ur fellow man.Love is patient & kind.Show the compassion & forgiveness that U would want to receive.
Oh, I play tic tac toe to win!
Hope this isn't an indication of how the cab lines will be outside Penn...
Just entered! :)
obviously today just does *not* exist. Thought it was Friday all. morning. long.
is a HR solution that uses personality matching tech to connect employers with qualified entry-level employees
Deep thoughts
pd is best when the instructor has a goal in mind for where we are going. It should have an element of discovery
where u at
Aww, i missed you too. :)
RT : Can't argue with that
Many thanks to & the entire crew. MT : Great hospitality from #dmap for the #dhdebates launch.
My experience has been that during summer, everyone is gone on vacation and I have no one to celebrate it with.
Vote for Newt "The lobbiest" Gingrich best candidate out there for Corporate Protectionism.
Where was my brain this morn? Had to run in Walgreens b/c I forgot to brush my teeth!
Thanks Craigslist! "Spoonful of perfection."broadwayacrossamerica.com/boston/
Love is the most important thing in the world, but baseball is pretty good too....
IT'S BECAUSE YOUR DUMB ACCOUNT IS LOCKED AND POOR can't see it!
what do you mean? you doing reborn dolls? good for you..
This black Friday fuck shopping come see us play. Battle of the Bands @ The Venue 42
that's Homestead High for ya RT : These 9th graders in CSI Older than me O.o & imma senior
Good morning tweeters. Just a reminder our communities will be open all weekend. Stop by see everything Lennar has to offer!
Wisconsin Lutheran has won 7 Little Ten basketball titles in a row and is 86-10 in league games during that time span.
You crave it. You think about it all the time.
congrats! That's so exciting!
honey we are going to last forever until we die....together lol
(Oliver Wendell Holmes) Many ideas grow better when transplanted into another mind than in the one where they sprang up.
I gotchu girl! Let me know how it is. I should try it out before I leave the hood.
...you'll never know.
yep yep!
I WANNA GO TO THE POOL!!!
without knowing what f does, there's nothing that can be said, regardless of what we know about s and o
Ebuxing.com is a little behind. A few setbacks. Not bad, but want it just right when we launch. Be patient. The wait will be worth it.
Pizza movie night
Are we fighting the man or ourselves? WWB(lack)P(anthers)D? Jamal Joseph and Sonia Sanchez #InConvo at 3pm
Participate in life instead of watching it pass you by.
Well,I guess the next relevent question may be,"Is a "Cyber Attack" an act of war?
I got chick that really like me but i think she like da dick
fuck, this cherry limeade is hitting the spot!
Every great leap forward in your life comes after you have made a clear decision of some kind.
glad ur having fun! But I miss when u use to tweet us GRANDerz goodnight! :( miss ya!
idk you shouldve killed me when you had the chance is my song
My nose all of a sudden got runny n stuffy. Idk what happened...
always amusing when scholarly societies need to pee on the same tree.
Every time my cats start meow-yelling at each other I think of Haha <3
Pretty stupid of Apple. May become moot soon if HTML5 is supported on iPhone.
i am taking 's advice and going to sleep. goodnight!
Los Angeles fans, don't miss the annual Legends interior design event May 9 - 11th at the La Cienega Design Quarter.
are you? That makes me feel better lol
It would be ideal to have a "no days off" approach to training, but realistically your body needs at least 1 day a week dedicated to rest.
those palm trees got more heat than and combined
Thanks plenty more Morocco shots over on my instagram too, check them out
rolling on fat bitches lol.
Again you took my word! Bad boy:) and yay! I'm swagalisous!
check ya email bro just sent a couple joints.
damn son!! Next time go to the driving range when its light out so u can see what ur doing wrong
of course, every vote counts. sorry for the late response but thanks again for following.
just to have some professional pics for when i shoot this video and shit
yep yep and jeremy
I didn't fight my way to the top of the food chain to be a vegetarian
Seems like it should be widely known. That approach is used frequently for the browser's asset cache.
despite my rationalizations, #IHateSchoolBecause i feel entitled to a life where 100% of my time is spent consuming mindless entertainment
This DataFrolic looks like some great stuff and I hadn't noticed it before. Thanks for the share!
Germany, here she comes! My daughter Chelle takes her first trans Atlantic journey. Lord, be with her.
Dear , your price hike is stupid since more people were going to you because your prices were low. You lost thousands of $$$. Hehe.
no problem love [=
thank god that period just ended! I was gonna piss my pants Lmao
thats fine thats cool, you should have said that in a text
Perfect thank you! Having a hard time finding these.
Sending my tunes and art to the Fuzz City label this week. 5 songs crammed on a 45. Joint release with The Burnt Ones this May.
The Big Lebowski
Dear Stan I know your daughters dead and you're scared but please where shoes on city streets
A friend made a good point Re: Florence. Are #Bills taking that much (if any) of a step back by starting Aaron Williams or Stephon Gilmore?
The craziest thing just happened. Sadly, it is way too complex to share with you. Let's just say your subconscious remembers everything
#Fitness #exercise Excuse of the Day: I haven't been in a while so a little longer won't matter. What's your excuse?
Has been a very busy week at Hair in the City so we are looking for the other half of Richmond? www.hairinthecity.me Check us out.
I can't say I like Howard Stern but I love your support for Damien Echols & The West Memphis 3.
All I can say is... DAMN! Matt was an incredible server btw! Love ya Paula!
lost critical thinking, lost higher-order thinking skills, too
Meeting with a couple producers tomorrow. Then next week I'll be recording my new single if all goes well YAY!
check out at Adams and Clinton right now! I wish I was over in your neck of the woods!
Bitch, Dont Worry About Who My Friends Are. Worry About Getting Yourself Tested Ho.
My Twitter campaign to sign him to a 43 year, $1.3 billion extension starts in a few weeks!!
Didn't watch, but happy Donald Driver survives. #Brewers win, awesome lightning display outside. It's a good night.
sad to see Jerry Rice put in company with no-class TO and Moss. He deserves better.
my brother does stupid shit, my mom call my dad and starts yelling at him and somehow it's all turned towards me.
Yes...did let my cats play with my pink Zhu Zhu pet today...it was hilarious..:)
Starting to think I missed my calling and HR comms was my area. Company culture, prof dev, engagement, retention all appealing to me.
#boxing Fans were disappointed cuz Pac man did not show them d type of fights he shown with previous opponents but he surely won the fight.
a lil tipsy ha but she real tho.. lol
Regular betty crocker today. Canned jalapeños and made homemade potato knephla soup.
The site is backup, thanks for your patience!
Would love to see you host the #Oscars one day!
Getting rid of books for the semester is the best feeling ever..until you realize in 3 wks you'll be getting a new load an starting all over
note to self: break hiking boots in before using them on a hike. If not, extreme pain will occur. ouch!!
picking up where you left off I see. Love throwing BP to Cardinals hitters.
that's what we like to hear "I need yoga like a fish needs water"- love it
over 4,000 easy for Peyton. Any QB of 18's ilk will get there off of bubble screens alone, these days.
I have to admit, your tweets are really fucking strange. But they are hilarious, and I love that you don't give a shit. K bye.
so does label, "grandfather's clock"
Typical #Latinos Mexican Time!
Napping all day today. Finally recovering.. Can't wait to work again. Somewhat ridiculous already!!
why? What would "liking" it do for you?
you are the best thing in my whole life! :)
Post lots of pictures! And, give everyone a hug for me. :)
., are you begging for followers now?
Just heard the news. Really sad! Thanks for five incredible seasons. #boycott BET no quality shows! Stand UP
Happy Easter!<U+2665>
I'm having a bonfire kick back saterday for my bday you're invited!
You gotta fill that FF Galactus story.
Grilled sausage for breakfast. Welcome back, spring. Welcome back.
#Soccer clinic tonight for the Boynton Knights competitive program. 6-7:30PM.
doesn't drink
it has one of the most intricate storylines ive ever seen in a primetime drama...
LOL Tippet talking about embellishment.
Finally, it's Friday! Any big plans tonight?
Money money money
Every second person in Spain below 35 years is unemployed.
baaaha what's up
Someone text me!
“: 10 years ago we had Steve Jobs, Bob Hope and Johnny Cash - Now we have no Jobs, no Hope and no Cash.” thx
That's very true <3333
Trust takes years to build, seconds to break and forever to repair.
Do you know that rats is an anagram for arts?
Good Luck on the opening. Can't wait to try it!
...& raise her IN Haiti as I don't trust the U.S. to instill values & properly educate....
I really hope I can get 50 people to buy these shirts I need the money for the band so I can record a demo to get on
academic books are zombies - not viable but still required
Please follow my original account >>>>
i'm in love! with that song!
Mama Jagr says i need to act like an adult, so i'm watching adult movies
Sunday morning: favorite #ldsconf conference session in recent memory.
costco chicken salad wrap for lunch today. Tastee!
Tonight! #Allegra Bandy Sings @ #Yoshi's 6-10pm With a killing band!!! Keith Saunders-keyboard, Bryan Bowman-drums, Caroline Chung-bass
I just started noticing OAuth problems with the Goodreads API from our end -- everything ok on your side? Thx.
you are very beautiful but now y dont know you ;)
Hm...I wonder how many children are stolen for adoption and where they are stolen from....
Whos washingtons top ten hip hop artist...hit me back with your answer ...
Now that I've learned xml, must fight temptation to catalog ALL THE THINGS
At the lions game wit the bros! Let's get it
You know you're a photographer when you have albums and albums of pictures, none of which you are in.
This be the ghetto
Ba-zing.
Silence is a girl's loudest cry. You can always tell she's really hurt when she starts ignoring you.
“: must have something to do with ur backside lol” id have to agree lol
Love you !!
If every tweet is "Check out my song..." people will unfollow you or build a tolerance to your promo and just start ignoring it.
Well even though I have none, it is good know friends who have pull at Alibi
I c da cover dropped 2day #official Taylor alderdice
Thanks for the add request. I would be happy to follow you as well. I am honored that you would like to follow me. Noah
DC BOY of Splurge Gang will be released from his 11 month jail sentence tonight at Midnight!!!
Fifty shaded of grey is amazing i cant put it down
from that pt, yes. But same in that athletes don't receive any of the $1.4Billion the IOC makes from sponsors/broadcast
I'm just always wrong.
I'm so glad you love #HartOfDixie <3 Moments is so beautiful! Thanks for all of your awesome support!<3 you rock!!!
I'm havin that now
I swear today has been the longest day ever!!
"Walk alway from your past & when it calls, send it straight to voicemail." -Ms. Spicy
Awful, awful commute.
The grandma of a little girl in the #SpecialCareNursery sang a song for staff to show her gratitude at a bday party this a.m. So moving!
What did I have for dinner? Oh yea, a lettuce and mustard sandwich...it was actually kind of good. :) hm...
Kicking off the very first #NLCInstitute with great energy, great fellows
aha thank you. Your to hot to be a lesbian even though I don't think being a lesbian is bad lol
- Gee, he wasn't complaining when he benefitted from voter fear and frustration which fed the clamor for "change".
If the lakers don't go to the finals, Mike Brown is fired. Kobe ain't puttin' up with that shit.
I told dis girl I was an opportunist cuz I'm good at makin something out of nuthin and she calls me a PIMP! Lol
What more could you have asked for.
Let's go Haley Reinhart! :D Lana Del Rey is NOTHING to compete with lmfao...
I hate feeling like I'm forgetting about some hw
shadow man any1 else ever see a "shadow man"? ;P
I heard you was that one hi
Have I told you you are awesome lately?
dbl <3 RT : If all my friends were 2 jump off a bridge, I wouldn't jump w/ them, I'd be at the bottom 2 catch thm
it's when you start peeing through your pants that we will worry about you until then.. carry on...lol.
Some moments are meant to stay forever.
Take your mind out of the past and future and look at where you are right now! Try and see the beauty of everything around you right now!
Hello! Hope u have a chance 2 check out & dig u some Secret Skwirl. Best & success.
#10thingsIloveaboutyou 6) your humor. 7) the way you can make me laugh no matter how I feel. 8) when you text me first.
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
I was suppose to be painting by now! But I can't stop making other things long enough to paint! LOL
Really? Sad day in the history of facial hair. RT : I hope its not because I shaved my beard
If yr gonna say yr "sick of Liberals" someone might be compelled to ask who u mean & why yr "sick" of em.
Fly my beautiful poo phoenix, fly! RT : We will rise from the poo ashes like a smelly phoenix
Greenpeace provokes Apple on renewable energy stance - ZDNet (blog)
Yes, I'm in NYC.....and with TWC......hm... How about all of my Austin friends/family?
Music is my Bestfriend
Will be in Amsterdam for 2 weeks starting this Saturday. Would love to see what you are up to and say hello...
I feel like a tweet slacker (cuz I am).....xoxo
can you send me a DM? It depends on the facts, but I may be able to do it on contingency or help you find someone that can.
i'm pretty sure reads your tweets all the time bc he's RT'd you but i wonder what he thinks when he reads them...
Really miss and
#np Keep It Rollin -x Kid Ink
Book your Halloween hair and makeup at Strange Beauty Show (773) 252 - 9522
You're in school, ho. put your boobs away.
Something did happen on May 21, 2011. Big Papi becomes the 5th #Boston #Red #Sox player to hit #300 Home Runs
Why are you playing repeater? You know who you are bruh.
Thanks for the heads up!
#Royals sign Alex Gordon to a new 4 year $37.5 million contract with player option in 2016.
Dedication: WAYNE MCCLAIN, Con carino. We miss you. I finally went sailing! Darcy, Rudy, Adrian, Violet, & Granmpa
Back 2 peeling eggs- we discovered electricity; walked on moon; launched Ipad - BUT no one invented a hi-tech home egg peeler
Man I gotta be at school like 2 hours before school actually starts...
Cynthia Rowley: "I was going through this phase where I thought it would be interesting to put wings on everything. Bad idea."
Mark O'Mara has been practicing Criminal and Family Law in Central Florida 28 years.
Congrats to on sweeping the series! Moving on to Round 2!
I guess the Rev. Al does! LOL!
There Was Suppose To Be 5 Of Us :o
When will people learn?
Don't be doin that shitty duck fuck face
I think I saw at Sakuracon. He was the one dressed only in bike tights, pretending to be Captain Fixie.
Made Like My Day By Replying To My Tweet!(: #I Suggest You All See Some Videos Of Him Dancing/Singing He Is So Soo Good !<3
wearing my finn hat in public cause.... you know, yolo
Ever since i got this new macbook pro battery.. my computer sounds like a jet engine and feels like one too. Super hot computer!
RT MIKE EPPS OR KEVIN HEART?--KEVIN HART!!!
Facing difficult choice-furlough or layoffs...Which would you prefer?
You should NEVER let go of a female who will ALWAYS hold you down. That's Wife material!
Just starting: #ARMA11 Opening General Session with National Archivist.
ok just found out something weird yesterday was 's b-day today is 's b-day and tomorrow's my moms b-day lol
I really need to start changing & becoming a nicer person .
Idk Im Random
oh thanks ;) hahaha
Careful, under #SOPA they might strike these words from the internet nad jail you as a terrorist under
lol j/k
Even if you're not running a marathon this wknd be sure to eat at our pasta buffet for lunch including spaghetti & meatballs for just $8.95!
Get your Brew City Stomp Down Tickets RIGHT NOW in the Red Gym MSC Lounge 3-7pm. $25.08 cash only.
Talking cash shit calling people tinkerbell but got punked like a bitch
oh yeah... I forgot that Twitter dictates relationships now. Russell Brand unfollowed Katy Perry ...
#Houston bound. What's fun?
Remember these trends? #GetAlexAndRobertOnEllen -Brooke
#artpolitics Steve Goodman starting.
thank you very much!!
I must be dreaming
I would like to invited you to eat something that my mom make... Me!
www.outspokenradio.net <---You Never Know What You'll Hear!!
that's good!! :D
Remember to update your accounts to follow ElizabethLGould; I'm no longer Calia16, thanks!
“: Off to Get get get it” whoop!
Someone in the Willy St. Coop is rocking a copious amt of what smells to be Malibu Musk! I wanna be disgusted,but instead I'm nostalgic.
i want to work with u on a small dance number for my film. Get in touch w/me asap
woot! I'll start that one in my spare time ;) But by then...someone else will have written it. lol
When people bring up that one mistake you'll always regret ;P
let me know when you'll be in town! We'll definitely right!
I caught the show on the 15th. You all were great!
we have already been absucted lol
well Mrs O, yes your daughter is beautiful and get one thing straight. Danny Briere deservers her.
Roses are red, Violets are blue. Faces like yours, Belong in the zoo. Don't be mad, I'll be there too. Not in the cage. But laughing at you.
Quinn, you have a thought as to the best wordpress scheme for a conference? Or drupal plugin? DHCommons was great-
I either get the boys' tweets late to my phone or I don't get them at all. Wtf.
Once you get published, you need to share it!
the source is myself sadley! but it will catch on soon!
My dream guy: tall, loves sports but puts his girl first, blue eyes, sweet, doesn't have to be RICH, cares for his family. That's all :)
I wonder why she aint hit me back
Spent $1k on four Pirelli tires for my car. BMW's are nice but the upkeep isnt. Luxury costs I guess. off to work to pay for this bad boy
Good morning! My son has a lacrosse game at Cyntheanne Park in Fishers at 10:30- think it will be raining by then??
Its just messy all around, if I could I would travel out of town just to go clubbing
...at least it's 44 via hootsuite... seems less elsewhere... odd... learning...
Why not just send Guatemala one of the many public libraries the UK government has decided we can do without?
Follow your new fav book Another movie that can't be missed!
I never take my whiskey to far... Nah just kidding I drink till I can't see straight
$5 movies before noon tomorrow. So I'm going to get real toasty and go watch that bitch again again.
March 15th, The Ides of March. Quit Netflix in protest of their continued support of Limbaugh.
Don't mistake my NBA tweets as not paying attention to the #Brewers. I reall don't wanna talk about them right now
SO EXCITED
typical racist bruins fan RT Good Joel Ward lost a faceoff. Stupid Joel Ward.
hey gerry what's up?? Anything new and exciting??
Hahaha it was! :D
My brain is constantly thinking of new musical ideas and I can't get it to shut off.. I can't ever sleep. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Fog rises off the lake, steam emanates from the coffee. Family chitchat, happy kitchen chaos. Canoeing next?
Fog down South.
Grab a group of friends and head down to for trivia night! | 8PM |
ok i did
I Mine As Well Be Single She Already Hearing Rumors ABout Shit I DIDNT Say Or Do , But Ig !
I wish my driving skills were as good as how I drive in Grand Theft Auto, haha if only life were like a video game
yOU ARE WELCOMED.
Follow us! We're 100% #TeamFollowBack !!!!!!!! Spread the word
Dear Google Earth, Thank you for showing me which neighbors have pools... Sincerely, i've been looking for new friends.
Kai Leng, ugh, only sore spot on ME3 so far. But then again, I think the whole ninja assassin thing is a bit stale & played out anyhow.
My uncle is coming down tomorrow night <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
You know how people say they started from the bottom to the top in there anointing well I started from under the bottom & kept on risin.
Haha awesome! Thanks for sharing with us, so happy you enjoyed the show!
Such a relaxing, chill night after finals
I freakin miss u and hope to see u soon!
Today is Pi day! That is right 3.14159....without which we couldn't calculate the circumference of a circle O So on 3/14 we show our respect
And yes to Black Tambourine last night! Super. Good night.
Hey it is a little chilly out there
#ThingsBlackFolksArgueAbout who gets the last piece of chicken
romney said he couldnt support going into pakistan in 2008 campaign
Hm.....very interesting post.
Mapping the human genome, are we?
waiting on my flight to O Town!
CDH version of the M&M boys: Miley and McClanahan. Miley double, McClanahan 2-run HR. 6-0 top of 5, Cretin v Park
ah, I didn't see that one. I thought maybe you were "holding out for a sandwich"
So cute ;)
Check out my blog on: alexhewett.wordpress.com
Watching Around the Horn with Viggle Tue | 3PM | ESPN Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Same ol same ol at vp man smh i should have stayed. idk moms wanted me out so i was like lehgo. fuck it and nopw i regret it man.
CHEAPEST LEGAL FORMS GUIDES, 900,000 LEGAL FORMS, STATE COURT FORMS PACKAGES, WWW.ALLLEGALDOCUMENTS.COM
Jehovah Shalom! RT : And now it's time to rest. Thank you NLIFC for your love and encouragement! Simply the Best!
Congrats congrats to who just came back from an ABA regional mock trial competition in Denver & won 1/3 Outstanding Attorney!
Wow- I feel old then.
These are amazing lol
Yay! its not cold outside.
so true! Cal calls us crazy and he said he has never seen anything like the #BBN !
I know I say this a lot, but I have got to start using this thing more.
#uCantBeToughAndSay leave the light on. Paranormal Activity got me spooked.
Man this indiana•orlando game is wild
it's great isn't it... I've learned so much from it..
do we have your studio's address? Direct message me if not.
Got Good House Keeping for my iPhone on the newsstand. So much better fap material then pornhub mobile.
check your DM
Keep your eyes peeled for Erica's interview of Jets OT D'Brickashaw Ferguson at Gatorade's Mobile Science Lab in Miami. www.gogameface.com
the United states jeans, isn't yours ?
JEALOUS :3 you had fun so that's what counts <3
GET YOUR TABLES NOW! "LIVE" SUN APRIL 29TH CALL 202-842-4780 OR EMAIL: FOR INFO!
Perfect, thanks so much!
Today I am optimistic about what is to come, and at the same time I am happy with where I stand. All is well.
Anyone else find it awkward when Brian Williams said "Merry Christmas" to Harry Smith after his story on Muslims trying to gain acceptance?
: Going to Sea World drunk ? What kind of idea is that....Some kind of friends I have (: Right?
Thanks my man appreciate it you guys are the best
I cannot watch that on my iPod so I am going to soundly go to sleep
Valentine's day a day where men spend a lot of $ 2 get some real good booty
Ah it's getting harder to deny that jelena is cute.... But me & Justin would be cuter ;)
Happiness depends upon ourselves
I hate migraines honestly fuck my life.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>Great Sunday Morning<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Thank you Mrs Hacker for teaching me how to plan ahead and write a research paper over a whole 3 months. I'm doing this one in 6 hours.
Aggressive. RT : It's mother day.... So, I need to hit up a cemetery and pick up some flowers.....
Getting a post-run workout at Metro 25-7
Tata-owned JLR to build new Jaguar F-type sports car - Moneylife Personal Finance site and magazine
Our school lame af hire a after school cop to stop loitering
Lakers better be glad this is not Game 7.
haha i know <U+E328>
Just when you think that no ad will offend women more than GoDaddy, Teleflora makes it a horse race...
I got a notice that my CC was going to expire. A called and talk to a lady on 6/18 updated my card paid my bill.
COME OVER MY HOUSE BRO. Joshy misses you XD lmfao
"Baby I Gotchu, I Promise I'll B Different..Girl I Still Gotchu!"
G'Morning Tweeps
I've never had a glod day what does intel Andrew?
"I was the biggest devils fan ever." "We all make mistakes in our lives, Mr.K" #Iwin <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I didnt talk wth Andrew so long)))What R u want from me?
Between bad seasonal allergies and a stupid spring cold, I feel like I am melting from the inside out...
Powerful analogy by Dick Gregory of President Obama in his first four years in office - Sysyphus pushing a rock up the hill.
I always take a nap after a shower, but I'm lazy like that!
the green shirt is throwing me off!
Are you back yet? I cannot believe we haven't seen each other yet!
how you doing?
we can print out press passes here
Your eyes need rest, so make sure you get a good amount of sleep everyday.
HoeLies #42: I can handle my alcohol.
Get Your CELEBRITY ON > We WILL BE FILMING UP AND DOWN HOLLYWOOD. IN AND OUT no TIME FLAT between 11:00pm
On a bus with an old woman with a hairnet that could've been designed by Buckminster Fuller. Or Alex Gray. Cosmic Geometry Hairnet, people.
"I'm from Asia, i'm mysterious. Deal with it!" - Raj from the Big Bang Theory. Haha!
BALTIMORE, MD tomorrow @ OTTOBAR. It's an early show, so be there by 12pm!!!
it's nice to hear those anti-Flash words coming from the design camp!
gotta be up in 4h & a half hours...not even remotely sleepy -_______-
Drop us a line at
I have on tab on you're youtube channel and the other on you're Twitter page...Love Yhu <3
daddy mak a wish....wit dis cake in ur face....i want dat cake cake cake cake cake...ima make u my bitch ^___- <3
We've narrowed down who we will be moving forward with. Stay tuned!
this weekends home sporting events (11!)
u had a bad experience w/ 1?? Lol
ElPastorNewark hopes everyone had Halloween Fun in the snow!!...keep El Pastor Restaurant in mind for your Holiday Company Parties!! Bookit!
Make it happen!! :D
Longest hashtag ever! I love it.
Great #Vandy win, but don't be so surprised. We played UK tough two other times this season.
its a good feeling hannah.
Yes I am! I'm just about to switch planes in Atlanta- I'll be in Michigan in a few hours!
i hope so thanks
"I feel safer on a racetrack than I do on Houston 's freeways." ~A.J. Foyt
just 2 miles from my workplace thank god i decided to skip shopping!
"Change your thoughts and you change your world." - Norman Vincent Peale
An assortment of dried and preserved bugs from Insectworld.com. Millipedes, butterflies, earwigs, scorpions and spiders.
Out of wk, fed my fat ass, now watching ladykillers on usa... time to start my weekend. ;-)
Timbers disappoint again. Didn't play badly but when you concede late goals every game something's wrong with your mentality.
Not an Orioles fan, but Maryland is nice.. between the beaches, casino & aquarium... I love it.
"Suddenly, ones sees the girl she had once been, not a ghost of the dead, but still a living part of her."- LONG DAYS JOURNEY INTO NIGHT
Can u see how cool it will b when Trove helps u plan ur next off-site? Great themed facilitation w/ grp. activities.
Yepp. Bout to get soaked. There's no way around it.
wouldn't have known what you meant til last week. Now I'm a Yammer fan.
no way. She is resting comfortably in her DIY charging easel.
Callbacks for Nashville the pilot !
Superbowl pre-game hype makes for god background noise while writing.
Curling my hair (:
Finally got my hands on an iPod touch. Can hardly wait for an
"Hyperlocal content is expensive content" ... it costs money to get somebody to cover 5-block neighborhoods -- ...
CHARMED! He just gave me 2 silver bracelets w/lots of shapes & kinds of precious gem stones as the charms. So beautiful & a sweet surprise!
“: <U+266C>Dream Chasers <U+266C>”tough mixtape
Cant believe its wednesday already......
You say you ready. You ain't ready enough.
Great point, Cyndy RT : Online presence/resume should show consistency but NOT B identical. Must be complementary.
Really wished I hit him with the football today<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Good eats ! Really appreciate the chance to rock the crowd too. has it going on!
condoms are interesting inventions.
I'm thinking of adding a Clover to the Starbucks next to Children's Hospital when I remodel it.
Hey , was great on - but there is no one like you. Hope you have on again soon.
Sleep MODE ON.
Stern will never allow it. #neverforget2001. RT Just realized how an NBA Finals of Ind-Ok City has become entirely plausible.
RT : hope u are doing great! Have a nice day :)
Ugh is there anything more awkward than when a call drops while you're still talking in baby voice??
Tony Parker out for bruised knee. #spurs Heard it here first!
your cool <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
: Get some earrings that are stickers. They're cute and don't hurt. :-)
RT : is just around the corner! Be sure to tune in this week and next to win tickets to the fair!
safe travels my love! Have the time of your life!
mine isn't b/c my little old grandma gets cold with the air at 80-___-
Earn Recyclebank Points: Nourish your baby's skin via
Get at me for sick specials and deals!
Ohman. Bieber is starting his tour in north america. If he doesn't come to stl, I will ball.
Don't feel very well so I'm having a girls night with my momma. :)
Happy st patty's! I just downloaded a new app. Drunk text blocker for android.
It may sound like a stupid idea, but like i love your guys music, and like maybe my friend and i can be shufflekid xD legit,
All I know is that I'm sticking with Jesus no matter what anyone else does!
Stanford Improv. More than books.
S. Jobs was a cool guy
oh what's it about!?
There is no such thing as the Queen's English. The property has gone into the hands of a joint stock company and we own the bulk
ehh some town that's not well known. :p ooh that sounds fun. c:
you make a no sense.
I got scars to prove that I don't need you, but the heart knows that I always do.
So this lady in church just said "thank you for mothers that didn't abort what God have them" ....
My 8 year old sister says that is a Beardo. Which means Weirdo in beard language.
+pleasure +revenge can't forget those!
did not mentioned the late great Jackie Brown about families of slain children
Wonderful. Thanks for participating! We just added 50 pts to all ppl who did survey over past few days.
I love that renamed Chad Ochocinco to Chad Ochoono!!! That one could really fit!!!
i love JB
NYC recorded the highest average price of a property sold in 1Q12 at $12.6M, exceeding the 2007 average of $12.4M
..all the chronic in the world couldn't measure to me.. im the ultimate high!!-jodeci <3
I used to do that, but I had a good thesis advisor who beat it out of me. Hehe.
RT David Carr: People say LinkedIn is for old people. Reid Hoffman response: like the people who will give you a job?
I'm at #broomies. Where you at?!!!
Someone pushed "print" too many times. I shut printer down at 97 copies of PBS Kids site. No one will own up. OK, no more solo printing.
TRAFFIC - CRash - WB Belt just west of Monona Drive - 2 cars involved, blockage in the right lane
CST's... oh how this and next week will be so long...
Girl look at dat body (;
February 23rd (Day 23) Breakfast Luna Bar S’mores, Poland Springs Water
Love trying to guess the score of the game based on my twitter feed. Usually am way off.
Well won't be watching Sportscenter for at least 2-3 days. They won't shut up about the NFL bounty situation.
well I'm sitting here trying to plan stuff out and they keep changing it:/ I'm sorry I have a life
Old enough to be yo man y
Last day
Im Going To Make a Change .
Addendum to email: it's show producer Paul on drums, but definitely Belling on Antiguan TV and in restaurant T-shirt and hat
We are excited to welcome our newly appointed OEP National Liaison, Josh Watt from SCO!!
Oh, that's right. I forgot it was that time of the month when something else had to go wrong with my car. Awesome.
my life is so awesome...Lol
haha yea I do :) actually I've been wanting to go watch it, but i haven't had the chance, I'm saving up money for Prom :D
Ha, unfortunately applies to ~50% of Chileans RT : "Hey, men wearing thumb rings and/or pinky rings: Nope."
showing its cool social media news release tool at #real session at
Thank you Liz. Hope your Sunday has been a blessed one. :)
Get yo big head a** out the car & come on nigga!!
oh nice.. the bay can get cold though..
Great show by tonight at !
Putting turkey bacon in the oven while getting ready for work: Best business decision of the day!
Story is stuck in my head
o, these people are awesome.... thank you!
Clown profile picture is brought to you by the year 1983, the Seafair Parade and my mom's sewing.
You're the man RT I decided today to get in internet fights with writers across America on behalf of Seattle. Love this city.
Just when you think that your dirty little deed would go unnoticed...... NOT! Everything comes to the light baby!
Hi my name is Alyssa. <3
coach where could u c Cowher coaching
you know what would make my day? if would follow me? (: please?
Do you just ask? and if so how do you get participation in an online survey? or question.
So there's a Wilson Phillips reality show? Who's next? (Don't want to know.)
I want #oomf to be mine already ..
looking forward to your tweets! How's PT life?
you just told me you dont have any money. I am not supporting you at the bars all year so you better get your shit together
let's hang tomorrow !!!!
it's a hotel; usually parties are held there after prom.
Ha! Glad you were brave, maybe I'll work up the courage
My brother has the best sister!! ;)
A very busy few weeks to come, good planning is the solution here.
Perhaps. But the violence problem is why folks it's not a big story that Philly is radically changing its schooling model.
So the landscapers were a little too excited about getting before pictures prior to starting our backyard redo today.
Thanks.... Hoping to do business with you in the future!
"One's best success comes after their greatest disappointments." Henry Ward Beecher
Har har. It would work though --- give the people what they want, y'know.
I wanna go to sleep but I have homework.
It's my rule never to lose me temper till it would be dethrimental to keep. - Sean O'Casey 1926
#Pacers trade to bring former star #GeorgeHill home to
Scream: "I LOVE YOU JUSTIN!" @ his concert
YOUNG AMERICA SPEAKS! 2012.. SEAN JOHN T SHIRTS?
RT : #blago is at Freddy's. We tracked him for over an hour as he circled around looking for a restaurant. Going to get some fuel
A3 Recommend backing off. If you have presented your potential value, they may think better of it later.
why do you do this to me Smash
Uk foreign policy and the continent of Europe
I hate a grown ass baby
hockey on tuesday. the playoffs i think
Am I annoyed by remakes of movies like Dirty Dancing? Yes. Would I write it if they offered me the project? Probably.
: woo!:) uhmm if u guys r together it will be easiest!
good lord! shouldn't u be done w ur classes soon?! I feel like they should be over with by now! U need a break b4 fall classes!
Mad because I fell asleep and missed the #pfismysanctuary TT.
So I showed everybody in my class the ultra sound xD.
shout out to my new follower ...go follow! GO! WHY ARE YOU STILL HERE!...GO!!!
I Love You!! Just Thought I'd Tell You That. :) <333
Danny Nucci was born on this day (my birthday) in 1968. He was a mild teen idol. He played Jack Dawson's friend in Titanic.
Watching Kourtney& Khloe take Miami.. and on Khloe's radio show her co-host's name is Terrence. :) #TERENCE how many r's?, six. (;
oh wouldn't everyone like to know. :o
When is coming to newjersey/newyork.. Imissed them so bad
im toutin away... Be my first follower!
Police having to direct traffic since Mifflin street isn't closed. Students are worried someone will be hit by a car
Anyone Have any Interesting Crowd Sourcing Projects Up At the Moment?
This movie is so sad I'm bawling.
Each & every one of us has a baby Jesus inside of us. (Luke 17:21) What are you feeding Him...? Curse words and cigarettes? Complaints?
CIVIL WAR surgeon Mary Edwards Walker - OHIO CHAUTAUQUA, 6:30 pm, Coshocton Co Fairgrounds
RT : It's trivia night!
you need to come hang in Nashville sometime!
Attention #AmericanU #wonks ... starting today #DC cabs will be charging $1 gas surcharge. The #wmata (or walking) never looked so good.
You're about right.
Who's ready for to be at HEB retweet if your from Texas
yep & they have no clue who they are themselves
ha ha. Very clever.
watching my boy get his hair cut
RT "I hope our Internet pipes don't freeze"
Wow. They announced our Michael Bay Pirates series last week. Even though it doesn't air until 2014, it's already generating a lot of buzz.
I'm not perfect I'm just me I am special in my own way
what are we talking about here?
Great day hanging out with friends! :)
I now have a sun burn (#imaginerit) and poison ivy (#mthope) but it was worth it.
Newly Engaged Britney Spears Flaunts Her Ring Finger Bling Third time 's the charm, right Brit Brit? Considering all Britney Spears has b
#hivebuzz Check out Melo game winner
welcome to the world of
Is there an "email velocity" plugin for GMail? Would love to see that, cause I feel like I'm *killing* it today.
Remember the world cup season when everyone suddenly becomes a football fan? Welcome to Ramadhan.
Taught a great spin class this morning! Love starting my day surrounded by people who want to be healthy!
thanks ma see you Saturday :)
@ let me know if you need any help!
I was considering it. If Iowa was a little closer to Idaho I'd definitely be there! :)
still held at the TPC La? that's an awesome course..got to play it a few years back..glimpses of Stadium and Pine Harbour...
Thanks again for all your suggestions. you are quite the music pro!
Can you DM me the info on the class?
“All knowledge is connected to all other knowledge. The fun is in making the connections.” —Arthur Aufderheide
Thanks for the follow.
30 bucks a piece, 10 for the sense of humor.
since u wanna play private dick, ask em how long ago that was
Tonight!! 7p-10p you can find us at UNLVino serving up some delicious art!
¦ I think some do, some don't. Only they know the relationship & circumstances.
Just keep trying I know he'll follow you!(:
Twitter builds culture! Tony Hsieh
whats the name of the christmas song? I love it and you <3
I taught you everything you know in the 9th ward. Towson Center ain't got nothin' on Nawlins.
Great catching up with you too - looking forward to more #causemarketing conversations :)
This saturday is a #supermoon. GF says if you ask the supermoon for a wish it will be granted providing the wish is pure of heart
and then I told her I said its cool get at me and then my voice got RASPY
You are so luck
That's awesome!
Tonight now till close $5 tall absolut cocktails, $3.5 X bombs and $1 PBR cans. Put new lights on patio looks good
I will punch you, you are not my mother. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I see you P!!! Make history today....
This! “: Nice job boys....go get some rest. U earned it #SportingKC.”
I'm influential about Jessica Simpson on Klout?!
My dear friend has her SECOND book coming out tomorrow!!! :) go buy it!!!
super fun, thanks BB! Hope all is well in Auburn!
Yes, it's definitely trouble... two new pages today at www.rocketrobinson.com
knows the private sector. How to kill jobs in the private sector & make profits by doing it. Imagine it on a national scale.
Great piece...nice that the 5 a.m. boss didn't expect responses. Not all of them are that understanding.
Hunger games with fran, anthony, and zach :)!!
My Motto For Today Is "H-D-P-B" HardWork, Dedication, Prayers, And Belief -Breeze DTA-
Major Downtown Law Firm; $80-90,000K (Non-Exempt) Day Shift.
Behind the scenes on Let's Talk About Sex
TONIGHT IF YOUR IN HOLLYWOOD AREA CHECK ME OUT IN THE BELLY ROOM OF THE WORLD FAMOUS COMEDY STORE AT CRACKEM UP THURS PEACE N LOVE TO ALL
It's the big day #wheretheboysat aye
please im begging u follow me ur the only one that i think would care about her true fans to follow them so please!!!
in what conversation that you have had w/him personally made you lose respect? Based off something you heard 2nd hand?
RT : was #AMAZING last night at !! Tonight he takes over !! Are you ready #Miami ?!?!
#np - lawrence arms 'butt sweat and tears' EP
NATO will be in Chicago, G8 will not.
I like to call #2BrokeGirls, Two and a Half Bitches. To me Han is kind of a little bitch most of the time.
its pretty easy if you know what to doo. If you need help let me know. I did mine not to long ago
happy birthday ! Have a great one (:
not on the westcoast
She got a ass so big like the sun <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Back from a rushed lunch mtg where i got to deliver a cake to a very happy client :)
Finishing our 30 sec commercial. Very difficult. Too many disasters for half a minute!
. "...a spirit had told him to dig for treasure, and that's what he did for three days before becoming mired in dirt and water."
Let's go, Vandy!
I think I just put my first Pinterest Fail recipe in the oven. I'll let you know.
Anybody can record events in street. No media company should broadcast to the world without any ethical review.
I like You Your Funy.....
Being the tree: deeply rooted below and yet expanding towards the warmth of light.
Wonderful; yes! Thanks for reminding us.
- Rios's struggle to make 135 shouldn't be blamed on Garcia. He trains and gets them ready to fight, not weigh ins.
Good to see last night
I'm sending u a crazy #DOPE #Bay record for Funky Fridays Rally Ral "Something Kinda Funky" Priority Records 1994!
stop and eat! Ur missing the "full belly" on your list!
Why the fuck he didn't shoot?
Reinserted my #SEPTUM piercing, may the sneezefest commence XD Funny all I had was a 14g green horseshoe..looks like a bugger Teehee
you rule
My mother has been obsessed with Pinterest for awhile now. I looked and it's basically like Tumblr but without all the tits and gore right?
#SongsToPlayWhileHavingSex "Man In The Box"
And Wisconsin just took one step back to the future by electing Doyle to the Assembly.
Sitting with
P.S. I'm gonna tell you used 'your' instead of 'you're'...
Oh. "Nick Tahou's RUN." Singular. My mistake.
Exactly! That's what I love about SM marketing; companies have to learn who they are beyond their services
"I like your hair!" " Thanks, I grew it myself." ^_^
sounds good! it's going to be incredible, promise ;)
I'm going from fat to fathletic!' - Adam H., 2 weeks after getting back into his CrossFit habit from an extended break
Saxophone dude on 6th now hitting "Baker Street" for second time
Duck fat fries!
I fear that I am hungry again.
did u followed me
Finished revising "Dear Dios"! Now for 1 last read-thru b4 sending it 2 Brit Laurén Manor. "Ah, I've got it bad & that ain't good" -Ella F.
Damn its been a long time since I won Mr. CHS, to this day that was still 1 of the happiest moments of my life.
love it lol
As we speak and are at demoing our new Cleveland Historical iPhone app. Get over there!
Thanks for the folow
if he stays fit then he's a great squad player.too much time on the sidelines out injured.pity.
Hi, indeed! Thanks for the follow! just posted a comment on your facebook page! Take care, Jerry
Ugh. I feel sick.
Everytime tweets, so many people instantly retweet, even if they don't know what it means. Crazy, right?
hm debatin .... should i go out tonight ?!.......... i might jus stay in, smoke this cancer pole, fry some fish n go to sleep
this I've got to see!
One of my Bikram yoga instructors said something interesting yesterday during class: "A smile is an antidote to a heavy heart."
Jogging 30 to 60 minutes a day~! Does it get any better?
of Course
tell me about it -_- I'm fucking dead girl 2 hours of sleep. I can't imagine you and tho
it's got a schnazzy paint job
When I don't have to do the day job, I get so much writing, editing, socializing done. Hm.
they lost your bag!?
I'm just an everyday American supporting the city I love. Good to see you.
Bring it on. Glo time for awesome girls!!
I'm def SO nervous <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Dems can't pass anything because of Repubs, Repubs can't pass anything because of the Tea Party and all TPs are Repubs! There's Your Sign!
thanks for supporting the show!
On your way to the game stop buy for a great treat, sandwich, or cool drink its hot out and we've got just what you need...
It will be! Can't wait! Aldjdhagsdkglh if only he would be shirtless.
"Here and now, my mind tells me it's my fault, but some part of tells me fuck you. I tried."
Anywhoo getting ready to leave for school. Byee
i think there are 2 wilco shows
at least, for once, it didn't poop on you
I'm in the processes of writing a novel that I hope to one day publish :)
that was Kubbie ..
Step by step, heart to heart, left right left We all fall down
I won't ask for anything , nothing. I just want you to know. you deserve the best &' I'm proud of you. I love you Austin <3 (:
We are so close!!!
"And those who were seen dancing were thought to be insane by those who could not hear the music"
Cool cool bhaha good to know. Yeah reading is great I try to read a few pages before I go to bed every night
Yo i wanna be a misuse..."i really looking towards that someday. Im good at it .
What is going on with AT&T? Whay does it continue to be a trending topic?
At Larie Butler's funeral Monroe Co. Legislator Willie Lightfoot called for more outrage over black on black crime
Interesting. Where'd you get those numbers?
Yeah, we just like to make fun of him though XD -Tiana
#Yesouisisim Worldwide, end of a Wednesday means the start of another weekend!
Business man special today at the #Brewers game today for this guy. Just scored cheap seats from fansnap.
I am, but not at the moment. Let's setup something for this week.
Love that my 7yo can hear 6 bars and know it's Adele... Glad her voice is back!
Long sleeve rave shirt with shorts kind of day
Thanks for the RT!
inspirational!!!! Congrats on such an awesome article. Go Tony Go!!!!
Bait a hook
Thanks. And thanks for giving our reporter a shout out as well!
I CAN'T WAIT TO HERE IT AGAIN AT 9:45 I AM CALLING THE RADIO STATION RIGHT NOW TOO(:
I think Im Sam Hurd.... Larry Hoover... Getting work... hallelujah LOL!!
My are losing by 3:/
You are very right, sir!
Hey #philly, RT if you are watching the ! Let's go boys!!
That's sound thinking & reasoning, precisely why NBA champions can't automatically be seen as world champs today
whose been to downtown Indy to check out the superbowl festivities?
Thank you very much for the kind words! See you at any upcoming shows? :-)
I want to slap the kid next to me so bad! Why am I such a bad person?!
one can easily be a leader without being a church staff person.
The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows. - Aristotle Onassis
i don't know if i'm getting them today , but yeahh , i'm getting them !
I was talking to Austin and you just randomly tweeted me..
I wish I was going!
How do I make my twitter stop spamming everyone? I need help? Oh and sorry!!
Ur relationship to the world is just as important as your relationship with others. Either can bring disconnect or wholeness if u let it.
Douche canoe.
oy nothing worse than a sore booty after a long car ride.
I bet ....I bet he is.When you see the t-ren, speak slowly.
I like how we get to say 'Professor' in college. It makes me feel like Harry Potter.
RT : 1puss 2 puss 3 puss 4 to keep your sheets clean...beat the puss on the floor That's to funny! Rotfl!
Taurus Moon sext. Jupiter, opp. Saturn, conj Jupiter: a great night for celebrating & dining well! Luxurious feelings abound w eyes on over$
The next Mars rover needs to land in Holden Crater as it has potential to be a human landing site as well, worth checking out
Rebecca Blacks Kohls commercial makes my ears bleed.
No one gives a shit -___-
Save the date for our summer concert American Soundscapes July 10, 2011 at 2:30 PM
bo, that must mean I missed you at the #adelaidefringe :(
RT #KU we have won & I can breathe. I hail the fog & wave thy wheat. we will win the final 4 the victory will be greater than any border war
I going to start talking like a brit.
I'm listening to The #SweenyTodd soundtrack. I'm singing along as well.
Thought: revolution takes place from within.
haha that's where I got my groceries!
you need to find clients that are more fun then. ;)
#CareerTipTuesday: Manage your email productively, spend less time looking @ your inbox. Pick a time 2 check your email daily & stick to it!
A gift says you're significant, valued, and appreciated.
On point like God scaled me out to a 0.7
100% agree -- really, that night was so much fun! Oh! and , send me something you've written to geek out over. :)
People keep telling me that the'right person' will come along. I think my 'right person' got hit by a bus or something.
MJ announces he's ending 18 years in mornings at WFLZ/Tampa on 2/17. He'll concentrate on his Talk show starring alter ego Todd Schnitt.
Andrews: NCLB seems to have closed achievement gap, how can you explain lack of progress before the federal role?
Should probably throw away my "la tournée mondiale du centenaire" #Beckett shirt from 2006. Has seen better days. I won't tho, damn fashion.
<U+266C> 1974 "Waterloo" was Swedish group Abba's first U.S hit reaching No.6, they were also on tour in the U.S at the time <U+266C>
just spent three hundred dollars on a riding helmet.
It took me 4 days to realize my gmail was no longer coming to my phone... ugh
thanks for following... ;)
No matter where Baby N and I go, our #Xplory is always the talk of the town. My baby rolls in style!
Things in life help remind us how important it is to maintain and treasure that contact with those we love.
Damn parents are stupid sometimes!!
He's only gunna break your heart..
Speaker Opportunities Available at International Expo and Conference on Analytrix & HPLC during 22-24October, 2012 at Chicago, USA
I'll bring you back your Blind tiger bottle too, if you can use it.
Maybe we need a mac and cheese tweetup to accompany our pumpkin tweetup.
Off to for a good workout! Still a little sore from bootcamp.
im out and about to have fun ... not to get annoyed and upset
Lost thread....all #board members should contribute to #nonprofit annual fund - want 50% able to make an "impact" gift.
hey gurrlllll. *rolls tongue*
Away We Go! Haven't seen this movie in 3 years. Thank you $4.00 movies at Wal-Mart.
Bass on 3, vol 30, cruising down up 95, til i see a big ass traffic jam..got dammit!!!
Robert Allen quote: "Be a conduit. You can do it!" Be clear on your purpose & passion, we'll help you build the confidence to do it now!
Making the Rangers look pathetic! Bout time
I seriously can't sleep in anymore. I'm about to go up to class cause I'm that bored right now...
Last day as a Sophomore. Imma be a upperclassman. Rising Juniors, Class of 2014 Boaw.!!
#FEDUP preventing debt ceiling rise risks BIG ECON TRAINWRECK - esp. if NO SPENDING cuts occur. Tell CONGRESS 2 CUT spending FIRST!
Reasons I check my voicemail: 1% to hear the message. 99% to get rid of that annoying icon.
There's a way of transferring funds that is even faster than electronic banking. It's called marriage. -James Holt McGavran
Gotta love DeLinda! She is everywhere. Thanks to all of our hard working volunteers!
Congratulations you are so good at what you do!
You'll be fantastic! RT : Morninig everyone. :-) Up early tweaking my presi on Fierce Loyalty for later today. EEk!
well it was lovely meeting you as well!! Great night :)
Arod is the biggest tool ever
TroKar Challenge! !! Any picks?
just keep taking police tests and looking for jobs. Pretty much same old haha
cool what is it about? Or is it a surprise?
It ain't LOUD if u can't hear it
let's do it! I don't wanna study haha
Guess I js try to go Back to sleep
Its $12 Tuesday. Any 18" pizza with 2 toppings only $12. Enjoy them while you can!
Thanks to Cargill and MillerCoors for their outstanding support at the Farm and Fish Hatchery today!
My mother never saw the irony in calling me a son-of-a-bitch.
Cute boys who can't spell. Such a dilemma.
Seriously??? what's up Jose man-crush!!?!?!? Jose is batting like ZERO POINT ZERO ZERO...David is rocking. just stop.
RT : EMAC students & more will present at the Showcase tomorrow!
Out of all the workouts you've done, which one do u thinks is the most effective?
Any upsets today in college hoops? I like Georgetown, Michigan state, UNC and Kansas to advance.
thanks for the invite to it was a blast!
you too my brother
Brewer Bert is busy today making up some Polish Moon Milk Stout for you guys!
I will when I'm not lazy lol
i used to talk to this filipino cutie for a bit in hs. what was his name? oh yeah! ACE
on my new laptop!!! yea bitches ;*
Looks like owes me 5 big ones...3-2 win for the Regents over Fondy
killed shit, slept in a bathtub, well I did anyways lol, its how we roll, its all columbus dawg ahahaha
watching tv
total barometric headaches all the way around
Congrats to Pastor Pfleger on reinstatement to St. Sabina and Happy Birthday!
Man, i think last night was one for the books
Beyonce Is The Prettiest Women In The World . . . According To Peoples Magazine !
Thank you, we agree!
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams. ~ Oprah Winfrey
I won't be in work today, I can't undo the knot in my shoelaces.
Get 25% off any panini when you check-in with yelp, foursquare or google!
I wish my man would umm maybe call me today
: Yeah, I won't be making it. Thanks for the head's up:). Getting my tix for Charlotte tomorrow:)!!
as you should be
In "The Art of Fielding", Chad Harbach uses baseball to channel Melville & Franzen; to meditate on obsession, failure, & life's complexities
Just got on Twitter and read all your tweets from the game. Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!!!!
Resident asks the cost of maintaining botanical garden. No answer, city staff reminds that these meetings are focused on land use.
DOW is down 350 points today...today is a day to BUY STOCKS. We are buying the following stocks today & selling August covered call option…
Earthquake at night and beautiful day today. That's the price of living in a (sort of) paradise.
Western States 100 mile – 1998 | Ultra Legends
The only thing better than a great wine is sharing it with someone special. I feel the same way about my wife.
#MichaelRich - poverty solutions/ help tend to be the exception instead of the rule.
A glass or two of white #wine after a stupid day can make it alright when it's accompanied by a man who listens & made me a wonderful dinner
We want to thank the folks from Hallmark for answering calls tonight!
I don't know if there's anything else I can say about Mariano. It's just sad.
FUCK. THE. CELTICS. So lucky. I don't care what any of you say.
Today is the day. Lets get it
Look back and Thank God. Look forward and Trust God. Look around and Serve God. Look within and Find God.
Feisty Cain presses ahead with bid
Spotify s actually pretty nifty. Will be installing on all my comps.
I'm all in
The movie Bottle Shock? Eh.
The heat ain't got Bosh.. Now they really not going to win a ring lol
Maybe I don't get pro athlete mindset, but I always call BS when they say they're only thinking about next match, not championship.
Reduce blood pressure, cholesterol, diabetes, &amp; medications ...
No local coverage tomorrow for #CLIPPERS game?
Jesse Jackson frighten u? Google up "emergency Powers act1933" that will make ur wkend!!
funny that I found five interesting new people to follow while reviewing a month's worth of Qwitter messages
tell me if you need anything and ill be here, he is lame and everyone knows. he wants attention and he finna get whooped
didn't you lose to the 10th seed last year after your "fluke" appearance? Well done.
have your Oscar attire yet? What to wear?
Agreed. The surface and time of year make for an unpredictable tourney.
Thanks for all your contributions to the dialogue today! It was great having you in the stream!
yay! Are you being sarcastic? You better not be.
I co-sign listening to watch New Girl
Hate waking up and only having one to burn...
STARS buying 3 new helicopters
“: Coming up on the T-15 count of #TMA04M - should be good times! #Soyuz Go #Expedition31!”rt
RT ": I'm on an binge right now, and I'm not sayin' it's a bad thing. <3”
Wish the lineup for #lollapalooza had as many good bands as last year... But nonetheless, it's gonna be
can me you Kate and Melissa hang sometime soon?
so..How bout that earthquake? LMAOOOOOO omg the power better NOT go out..tonight #PRETTYLITTLELIARS IS ON!!!!!!!!!!!! lmao
Dilemma: Is it scumbaggy to use Tweetbot's Readability-powered screen reformatter?
come out and support the Veterans and Indiana Ice tonight!!!! Puck drop at 7:05pm!
Deborah gotta b mad I didnt make the church service
Have a great day everyone :)
re:google I/O. I wasn't too excited about it this time around. It sounds like it will be heavily about Google+.
YEA ND YEA BUR FORREAL SEE Kay
But on the other hand, they have massive eyelashes. It's really a draw for me.
HAHAH XD jking ...... um yeah i made it like thin or idk wut i did to it lol
Dyan it was so nice to meet you yesterday! Tx for the follow.
That just proves how much I mean it! So yeah, my last tweet...do what I say. K, Bye.
Weather hella weird.
Watching Bruce Lee in 'Enter the Dragon' and missing my brothers ...
We gon take it 2 the moon take it 2 the stars how many ppl U knw can take it this far Im supercharged we bout 2 take this whole thing 2 mars
Good morning! :)
It's half time which means the game goes off & I watch netflix until half time over (:
I'm not telling people how many projects I do anymore. It gets me uninvited to parties.
Done and done
Q8 Everything that ever won a Stonewall book award or made it onto a Rainbow list. GLBTQ lit, all the way.
i voted for u guys at least 30 times.can a mindless girl get a follow back?lol!
tumblr might be calling me
about to pull a jr high move... All my shit is about to be stuffed into a closet. I refuse to really clean, I'm all about appearances.
the clubs over I'm with a new bitch
exactly. they need to make more, tho!
We'd like to welcome Kurt & Kristen to the LD Family! So glad to have you guys! Introduce yourself next time you visit
hate when that happens
i keep seeing this mother's day hallmark commercial. whatever you do. don't watch it.
"Brennen Center has estimated that new laws could disenfranchise more than 5 million Americans in 2012" Nicole Austin-Hillery
good let him leave
Unequality rises; Congr Bdget Office- top 1% more than doubled share of US income in last 30 yrs; while govt policy did less to reduce this
Congratulations to BlueGrace #Logistics' Sr VP of #Sales on being named a Sales Exec of the Year Finalist!
You're only really as Busy as you are in your Mind. Peace of Mind = Peace in Life. Then you'll really enjoy a Piece of Life ;)
"follow this account and I will DM your name to Ariana" just stop. You are abusing her following you. She didnt do it for you to spam her DM
Full day of public history then more books!
Collecting names of all the lovers that went wrong.
thanks im very late but i appreicate it :-)
How my work day typically starts off: "I was playing around in the database yesterday and I deleted myself..."
Paul Pierce is so handsome to me ...
I don't know what that is because I'm pretty
alcoholic sister, who is gay.
ha thanks man...I'm about to get pops reckless haha
I had a forecast of 54 at Sea-Tac but the sun plus warmer air added 4 more degrees!
Happy Easter (& Happy Peeps) to you, too!
"got me feeling like a champ when I'm deep up in the furry." <-- always thought that sounded nasty. Lol.
Life is about the adventure and risk involved. Without risk life is boring
Anyone interested in creating jobs in the USA? will be made in the US unlike all other pet supplies made in China.
Dedication: MARIA G. VILLEGAS, miss you. "Mom"
Oh my god, the Avengers. Oh my god.
that's good love .. keep that up ! Work Hard - Focus In School .. Be Successful ! Change the world !! :)
How can you tell them apart? MT :… something to think about: Who has the worst commercials? Jared, Kay, or Zales?
CONGRATS AUSTIN! I'm so proud of you, and I love you so much. You're my hero!<3
Congrats! Thats a great accomplishment.
is one of the best account leaders I've worked with...passionate, innovative & positive. That's why he's our newest Brand Dir.
We're happy you enjoyed yourself
Feels so good to be back in Prague after 12 days away. I missed my body pillow far too much
Women always fall for the BAD guys who are all talk and no show, but the GOOD guys who actually are good are always ignored.
Maximizing your Twitter Presence with Lela Davidson is starting now in Ballroom A!
Spring Break Yoga Camp Week: March 26-30th is filling fast! 3 places left. Register Now!
Going to an Orlando writers event tonight. Very excited to meet the other YA (and other genres, of course) writers in town!
You can't run a race against a #Kenyan and expect to win
"Sensory/Judgers" are the ones who hold our society together by keeping everything running smoothly.
nikki i look smokin hot! you can't compete with that!
Dont know why but Im really excited by the thought of wearing yellow lingerie, guess that means I should get some <3
my place for tip off at 9:23. See you then
my two year old amazes me daily. She's going to figure out marketing no sweat! hahaha
Im married to the game! I got no time for bitches.
Eff Alabama. I am GSU Bound! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
GOING TO L.A. 2-0 IS WAY WAY WAY BETTER THEN GOING THERE 1-1 I THINK.
gettin the love from his friends;) behind pauly d, that's insanee!
Weirdly enough, I saw Inglorious Basterds twice at the weekend !! District 9 this week perhaps....
Enjoyed tea and afternoon tea at Samovar, Zen Valley late this afternoon after strolling through California Academy of Science, SF
RT : Understanding that God can not give me a testimonial with a test!
Setting up meetings with #CRE folks who need solutions to NIMBY problems for #ICSC #RECON - going to be a great show
I gotta choppa in the car so don't make it come alive
If I were the king of Spain I wouldn't be hunting defenseless elephants.
I love that you just thanked them all in birth order. #mj #nerd :)
Great interview on 's Invasion Radio s/o
Looking nice for easter! =)
you going tonight???
Hard at work on outline for book two.
My MBP has Lion installed.
yup, I think I'm gonna just kick it, no need for female drama for a bit....just gonna work out, eat right, quit booze...
Why Relationship Marketing is Important for Businesses
Passionate about behavior change, , and self-improvement? is hiring UX designers and developers!
End of the 7th: Dodgers still on top 3-2. With the top of the lineup due for LA. Gordon, Ellis & Ethier.
Dialing in some help using our Tweet Deck.
Illuminati want my mind, soul, and my body!
damn you tweet master now
thanks. not really. but trying. thanks for the scripture. I just saw it. it is upflifting me already. thanks. I should repeat 2
Thanks! Glad you're enjoying it!
#np Where have you been- Rihanna <3
So full
Dave Reese and his acoustic band will be playing at the hornyhideaway on Thursday the 28th at 10pm stop in.
Will Do!:P
meet in lobby in 5. We are in cab on way back.
check out my facebook - i've pretty nearly done a critique of my own
Just interviewed Muhammad Ali's daughter, Rasheda Ali. What a beautiful lady!!!
nick needs to be in one of his videos tho.
I have decided that no matter if I go out or not, Starlet Red goes on.
Big Thanks!
I want to help Evelynn, but I have to ask my mom for money, or I can cash in my change for my camera and give it to her. What should I do?
Happy Thanksgiving!!
Too stressful of a week...being at The Price is Right?
depends golden shower: pee or brown shower: diarrhea. Saw it on a menu at a whorehouse with a coffee shop in front. Wrong menu
For great tips on organizational development and business consulting follow
Be a Derby Day winner. Print book and ebook CD giveaways at Graves Co. Library Book Signing Party., 601 N. 17th, Mayfield, KY May 5th, 11-2
My more said my principal in an Asshole! .
todo bien mi hermano. How's everything? Might stop by shop this week. Will let you know.
Throw up your T's!!!
#AsLongAsWeLive Lol I think I just found my new BFF! :) <3
is in the house looking oh so fabulous!
Lmk what you do! I finish finals friday
No fucking time!
I wake up so happy because I know Im one day closer to making my dreams come true!
Strong Image Films Launches Pre-Production on Rob Marchitti's feature film crime drama "THE GLASS CIRCLE" shot in Las Vegas on 35mm film.
What are you spending on your valentine? The average is $126.. I'd be so mad if my husband spent that! $125 is really the limit.
Never called me. -cries-
See my twitter bio - real women wear hockey jerseys. Which is why you'll see me at the UC wearing one every time. Woot!
Ayyeee when we gone chill like old times lol
#Shoutout to ---» thanks for the follow!
yes, wish i was w you at 12 to spark a candle ;)
oh yes, it is indeed
Yes ma'am I saw it. I think Sheriff Joe should run for president!!! He would get my vote and support!!
OMG i can NOT believe this bitch just tried to steal my iPhone right in my face 0_0
btw...love the "Cleveland - you've got to be tough" !!
LMAO HIS HANDS
Hey #Milwaukee, where's the love for the ? It's the playoffs! Show some support..
It is so hard to pick! We have so many talented girls and so many creative brains. Love it!
whoa people, save it for the dinner table
Sinus infection, round 27.
When you support others to go for their dreams or champion a good cause you make a bigger statement about you than who you help-givers gain!
Great time with the praising and praying people of Midway. The Holy Spirit truly blessed us with a good word music and people
Thanks! It's good to be back and even better to be off the plane! :D
Bon Appetit Blue Devils benefits After Prom
"YOU AIRHEAD BITCH"....AH AINT NOTHING OLD BUT MY MONEY BITCH"... DON'T YOU HATE WHEN BITCHES TWITTER /FACEBOOK THUG
Wish I had a nice bitch to snuggle with right now.
will be presenting preliminary data at Charleston Conference in Nov
Finally the U.S. shows some courage reppping
how is your day going?! :)
Conjunto Festival is now 29 days away. Flights on SW are still low. Don't delay, book your travel today! See you there!
My fave Coyote! RT : Catch #Coyotes goaltender Mike Smith on Sportscenter on at 5:30 p.m. AZ time tonight.
Freshman year is almost over! Thank God.
#HowToPissAFemaleOff kick her in the vagina
I can appreciate that :) where ya from?
It'll find you I am sure.
WASHINGTON STATE HAS MUCH LOVE FOR YOU. please come back here!
I LOVE OSLO!
It's starting to feel like Florida weather. Eww.
hi. will be calling in tomorrow? thankyouverymuch!
Also, LOTS OF BRATWURST.
Does hair count? Wait you shaved...
I feel like I give this speech every time lakers lose. Y'all be trippin lol
o my god i knowww thanks for that im getting chicken nuggets!!!! :D
Sadly, only 18 minutes til park closes
Why is Kendrick Perkins always scowling all game like somebody stole his lollipop or pooped in his yard?
I been tweeted that before I saw ur tweet! Lmao! And Dick Snyder, Spencer Haywood, and Walt Hazzard?
I like how Austin sat in his LA concert announcement(: haha
- But that's not how it works. You conceive the trade offers, and I'll comment on 'em AFTER the deals are officially on the table
Kick em... Good luck buddyRT : i told my boy Todd Dunivant who plays for the galaxy to give you a good kickin.
Sending out orders in a hour, so if you want some summer swag get it now! Http://Hyebyeclothing.com RT
if you find a ride, we'll give you and your friend 2 for 1 tickets, that way its worth their while hopefully :)
the stupidest, simplest action can make me happy, especially if it comes from the person i'd least expect
Canvassing all afternoon for affordable housing in Logan Square!
No, not that I noticed. I hate shaky cam!
You are so DUMB! You are REALLY DUMB! FOR REAL!! Haha even a year later, I'm still laughing! XD
We would like to get more information about the work your doing in Ward 8! What is the best way to contact you?
Feel so cold nobody to hold me!
Nuh uh that's how lazy people stalk. If you aren't going to dive into those bushes like a real stalker I just can't be bothered
Moved on to Disco...
We're on it! Can you boys get on the phone this afternoon?
So frustrating how Twitter seems to randomly unfollow people I was definitely following.
Don't sell your hair to a wig shop.
BBQ going well people enjoying themselves
Exactly, it's so annoying!
CONFIRMED: The Wombats will perform in the big room on Sunday, April 29th! Yes, it's the day after the SOLD OUT show!
Looking for a job? 75 employers will be waiting to talk to job seekers at the Old Floriland Mall in Tampa, 9215 N. Florida Av.10am-2pm Sat.
Who up n at
Thanks for the follow, look forward to your tweets.
A new book will take you someplace new, someplace wonderful. A new bicycle will only take you to the next town over.
Give me the chance to love youu. I'll tell you the only reason why, cause you are on my mind
I hate Derek even more though. He looks creepy
Lamp, it is. Not Lampitis!!!!
I had a dream that I was having pizza in English class, and now I really want pizza.
If you like the workout shoes, you should hear the soundtrack
July 28th - Urban Noise: Summer Fest @ Brooklyn Bowl w/ ATOMIC TOM, MAN ON EARTH, Kill The Alarm, Night Fevers & More! Spread the word!
These guys are going to hurt their tight buns if they aren't careful.
Contact us to set up your Vegas golf and gambling trip! We will be your personal concierge!
lol I know right!
in my dream last night we crowdsurfed during RA & got to go onstage and niall and harry were there
I miss him.
when i want to retweet , but i cant because shes locked . <<<
As a true Kentuckian I highly recommend Double Oaked! Best bourbon ever!
HAH BEST ONE SO FAR RT : METHGIRL: "I'll stop tweeting...when i go to sleep never"
B. J. Gupta~ Men as well as animals do whatever makes them happy differences lie in what makes them happy.
When someone you don't know is following you and he drives super slow <<<
And for the holidays season celebration Lets lift our hands to the Holy Nation. And say, Thank you father (Thank you Father) Happy Birt ...
Put A Spring In Your Step With A New Bespoke Kitchen By Plain English Spring has truly 'sprung' at Plain English; the traditional cupboar
looks and sound delish! Did you make up the dish or is it from a recipe?
that amazing moment when the guy you like messages you on facebook..then you realize its about math homework..
This is not cute...I can't watch this anymore...
Ppl tried to play on OTC
#nyy #yankees ... will TEX make good on his ST promise to BUNT on occasion, just to get them to shift less ??
Thinking of doing an online tour on the Crown, Cork & Seal Company: Station North, Highlandtown, Mt. Vernon house, etc.
no need to be greedy.lol
Wat no. Bisexual is the term
they better bring all 14 cuz i wanna meet my husband lol
is you mad?
Oh my GOD why did I bother with the free lunch when Reading Terminal Market exists?!
Be well aware the quality of t-shirt prints can vary printer to printer
having a relative with cancer really sucks..Cause your in constant fear of losing them at any moment..
good luck! I have the gala tonight so can't make it.
Going for a run
If anyone wants to review ETERNAL SPRING (and my story on Queen Arsinoe II inside it), let me know. I'll get you a copy.
when u invite me
Cardinals: Let's go Cards! SPREAD your excitement for GAME 2 by RETWEETING this! #postseason"
So tired...
This administration is fucked
I Cried When....i saw you crying
hey, you should give us a listen. we are new to vegas :]!
Blessing Of The Bock at starts in 4 hours. I'll be there in 3. Free Maibock for all from 5-6pm after the drinkers blessing.
we've been making them hang out once a week or so. Def not bffs, but now they tolerate each other :)
Haha!! I love you for that.
Also: RT Tomas Vanek didn't play in the second period for the
Why thank you so much :)
Great time bro!! Best of luck with the game with !!
Girl, you crazy.
yup got better things to worry about lol
i didnt move on!!! you just never tweet me :(
thank you for the follow
Back in the best city in the world. Missed you chi city
zach! answer
wait did the US directioners get to have their DVD's personalized?
make sure you checkout King Tut at The Children's Museum of Indianapolis today!
Now that your a signed Packer again you need to come-up with the F88 TD move.
I'll be watching while packing for Canada! Can't wait to get down with my Natives on the reservation
When it rains.....it pours
all must follows
board so much u
M: I'm drinking my wine. C: you've got wine? M: No!
Simple is good. Tweet your address or 9-digit zip to and we'll tweet back the names of your senators and representative.
Bounce bounce baby bounce back to mee
Oddly, my favorite up here, so far, is a Korean bakery called Paris Baguette.
I'm guessing like six hours?
ehh,I just don't really like Ryan,he's arrogant. (I've talked to him before) I mean he's good but,I just don't like him.
I thought the same thing right after I tweeted it :| But yes! I'll probz be there later tonight.
save yourself the trouble and call bentleypc instead.
LISTEN TO THE WHISPER OF OVARIAN CANCER!
I witnessed an Aldi noob today. The person piling $100 of loose groceries in their trunk. Thought of you two.
Gurrrllll, you and me both!
Maybe Camping was right.Volcano in Iceland,earthquake in Hercules, CA, tornado near Topeka, Timberlake & Gaga rock SNL.
hahaha I can imagine why!!!!
I'm definetly turning into an imsoniac.
Gotta love this weather (when heading to the Belmont rink).
have a homemade lemon soda to quench your thirst before you start cinco de mayo tequila shots! Come to #sandwichmeinchicago in
The clerk at Speedway didn't have the end of his index finger #rude2point even with a stub
haha I feel much better :) I love you beautiful
It feels so good to lay!!!!!
You don't kno ah oh! You don't know you're a total bitch!
I put up a lot picture of what that journey was like for me on my facebook page. I may posted more pictures up on here. I'm not sure yet.
Failure is a detour, not a dead-end street. Zig Ziglar
Sorry to leave you hanging! Stephanie Izard is my personal favorite. Amazingly talented, great personality, a true success.
Week long vacationg at a 5 star resort in Cabos for $1000. I'm selling my time share this year. www.mwishartpi.com
Been waiting for entourage all day...
The niece has pink eye now I have to watch her all week. Fingers crossed I don't get it!!!!
You can still wear your summer shorts! Try matching them with a long-sleeved tee or sweater to help transition this piece into the fall.
ghurl, only if I can join the VS family! See you Sunday? X
oh good!!
If you're in the Tri State area, we'll shoot your commercials or music videos for a fair price at a professional level. www.ThirteenE.com
Thank you so much glad you enjoyed it! We are playing Ukiah, CA this Saturday and Club Retro in Roseville on the 16th!
i love you too!!
IMDB says they are too so I guess it's true
When you shower together to save water. You're welcome fossil fuels.
We shall call today The Day Of I Don't Know What, Because If I Did, I Would Have Fixed It.
no kidding...i've just been swamped this week!
ACC Championship game!
IMO they should be eliminated from the tournament completely. Sorry but that's just bad sportsmanship and taunting.
First stop Office Max !!
My takeaway from : We all own the tools to tell it like it is, so use them and have impact!
Each one of us should lead a life stirring enough to start a movement. ~Max Lucado
I miss you guys too! I'm there !
Christmas carols playing in Rite Aid
Have a bless and productive day everyone - "Let's keep All of our Brothers & Sisters on the east coast in our thoughts and prayers"
i cant change the many years of yesterday, but i can do something about my tomorrows...JUST WASNT MY TIME
: We are so excited for you guys! You're a blast to work with & are gonna be a wonderfully fun mother! RT
Am I the only one who find our email volume a little unreasonable?
I have multiple water/civil engineering degrees and I'm considering getting Haas MBA. It's ~$115k. MBA or no MBA?
We are excited to bring on a new sound tech today!
i always knew alcohol slows down ppls metabolism, but after reading exactly what it does in nutrition idk if ill want to drink again...
- doing family history research and ran across your name. I am related to Mary Byrne Day, wife of Calvin Pardee. Cheers, KN
What it is, y'all??
S/O to my new niggah! And to I miss you bruh! Y'all my homies!
Children learn to smile from their parents. ~Shinichi Suzuki Have you smiled at your child today?
Met lee greenwood last night at the titans game
Thx! Yeah, I intentionally left "Library" and variants in to emphasize the vitality and currency of the term.
i need to go to sleep, i don't wanna work tomorrow! :(
I'm dying to see that show. Been a huge fanatic since way back when. I still listen to the soundtrack!
so jealous of the food and the friends in your post
It's on TNT. About to start!
MIA? Man I miss her being around
:) we're all in the same leaky boat.
jon can we use facebook and twitter to promote/use sentences which the students have written which are amazing?
Congrats on your success this past week! Great to have you on board! Cant wait for to launch this wknd! Good luck!
Blast in Kabul kills SIX just hours after Obama's speech - Daily Mail
Starting our webinar to talk #PR and how it fits into the #marketing mix. tks for having me. ready to #prnedu great peeps!
You gotta STOP!!....and smell the roses.
because you made her angry when you called for a devorce !
“: y r people driving so wreckless? that bad accident @ 3 this morning was caused by a car going east in the west bound lanes.
that blows :(
Unbelievable game--several heart attack moments but a win for ! RT #Blackhawks win!
red and yellow beet salad, goat cheese, arugula with almond butter on the bottom. Ridiculously amazing
Happy Birthday !!
been a busy one thats for sure
no, I wish I was. Would of made the trip up but something got in the way
Watching Beyonce videos for my paper, I love American Studies
i miss my childhood so much im watching cyberchase hahaha i remeber watching this everyday in the after school program tehe miss it
Comm Department senior dinner at tonight. Going to be some good beer flowing.
If I was a teacher, I would try to figure out who had a crush on who and make sure they are always paired up <U+2665>
haha yea! It was so scary James! I loved it! :)
Lol mama got that cake cake cake cake cake lookin ass....
H.O.E.S = Happily .Offering. Everybody Sex
what I REALLY wanna know is when is gonna make me a dress !!! -_-
Success...not really. 's reaction was priceless. Thanks for laughing at me!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
yes more please!!!:D
Next two weeks of #libraryschool are going to be hell, but at least the semester's almost over.
we don't hate sin bc we don't connect it to the death & disease in the world..realize sin=death then we are offended by it
": . sometimes, you have to demolish before you can construct." Or do a quick retrofit!
Ignacio's slut, Stiles' Skank, Tyler's Whore, Soon-to-be Braxton's tramp. Which sorry loser will fall for her next?
bout to go off on malcolm. Other then that, chillin
My monitor was dirty and I didn't realize it. I just thought all of my friends were having skin issues.
I was wondering when you were planning on publishing that story!
Eddie Murphy's "Delirious" taught me how to curse....thanks Ed
EH PEOPLE DON'T HATE ON KAY? OR I WILL GET A GIANT COOKIE ON YOU! I SAY DONT H8 HER CUZ SH'S MORE BEAUTIFUL THN U!
...you're welcome.
Man it is good to see Ward Burton back in a #nascar race car.
The future is not a gift ? it is an achievement. Harry Lauder
DOES ANYONE REMEMBER SUPERMAC18
RT : Ethics watchdog asks FCC to revoke Fox’s broadcast licenses ||
My son saw you at mall today... he can't stop talking about it 3 goggles
Carpet cleaning is just like exercise! If you get into a routine and keep it up, you will see great results and feel better for it.
A musical #FF in honor of JazzFest:
Props to Dallas
I knew when I saw the interplay of ideas at the policy conference between & that we are in good hands
you too. Keep it real.
Beautiful morning.
At Car Crafters, we’ve been helping New Mexicans maintain their cars since 1982.
*sits down, gets comfortable* I been good, had to close my Facebook, too many haters!! How has life been treating u?
aww thanks babe
1 more final then summer break baby!
when's the wedding???
means the world to me she is SO sweet, SO talented and SO beautiful i hope she follows me :)
"dammit i'm mad" is "dammit i'm mad" spelled backwards. whoa. that just blew my mind...
i am good thanks, finally spring started hbu?
DANCE GAVIN DANCE?
what an intense clip. Congrats!
Nick Nolte looking good and ripped.
Congrats to Joel Hartman for winning this year's Mayadas Leadership Award!
People need to think about how their actions are going to affect other people...oh my god there are so many idiots
Im your biggest fan can i get a follow and a reply. I will never forget it.
Yeah I am up to 362 followers let's keep going, thank u everyone for following me!:D
On CHIEF Lyfe As Me is going to blow minds!! Album goes in for mastering tomorrow, then distribution! #TheSecondComing fuck you haters!
good morning world...the future awaits us
Clear your mind of all worries and focus on the steps you need to take to resolve your problems. Look at the good and the path ahead.
This new Bachelorette is smoking and southern
I just rewatched all of Office S2 w/ commentary and you are truly the best! Your facts, tidbits, and jokes make it so great!
i promise I'm not homo
Girls that have been cheated on and treated like shit, Never stop smiling <3
I can't stop
Anytime. We'd do it again if we had to. No regrets.
Check out this hilarious clip with Demetri Martin - bit.ly/xg6PXB. Come join us for some laughs on 2/13, grab your tickets at bit.ly/ywfWBq
I should be asleep... beach in a few hours. O.o
You didnt tweet yesterday :( well I hope you're having a good day!(:
Hanging out at austin ballet with Mobile Loaves and Fishes
Parents also tell me she was last seen wearing brown pants with brown crocs that had a butterfly gem in them.
Thanks for the mention! I'm really happy you're enjoying my blog. =)
I hate spam
Merry Christmas everyone!!
No, it is not just U but you shouldn't let your acct remain ideal regardless! RT Is it just me, or is Google+ a ghost town?
Hot damn, Kobe! Can you please always be in a suit cause oh my! So fit.
The market manipulators not only pulled the markets positive but up nicely. As usual, this shows the power of positive momentum achieved.
I got my first ticket ever for parking on the street during street cleaning hours...I wont be making that mistake again #tues=streetcleaning
But we love you
Pinterest has reignited my interest in home design. I wonder which I will spend more time on this summer - lesson plans or idea boards?
well, sometimes u just have to let go....no matter how much it hurts.
This montage makes me want to watch every Morgan Freeman movie ever
2 hours sleep, 6 hour drive... Hello Arizona, sorry about your impending Niner defeat, can't wait to watch it.
she aint worth it a guarantee!!!
At around $20K, the CR-Z is a great investment for college graduates! You will save tons on fuel in the long run, too!
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> RT : yea I'll be out Thursday too
real shit if we had a baby it would be born stoned !
Shut up and give me head
maybach has some talent though. But yeah they annoying
M I love the smell of men :)
Maybe I should go back to private school ...
when you read this can you please ask my dad/mom/brother if they put my phone anywhere or took it with them by accident
Chances Broncos take L. James or I. Pead? They can create for themselves. Great vision, quickness, shiftiness, wiggle.
First car wash in over a year. Feels good.
Something Boring This Way Comes
I just joined AT&T :)
Sorry. I toasted my keyboard with a can of mountain dew.
I have those same concerns.
can't actually say but it's in a really really big city if that's a clue with really big data
Talking bout can we be friends....hell naw all my friends Dead Green & Old!
Hey can you help me get more followers pleasety love ya
what time!?
- Thanks for following me my buddy! Woot! :)
<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>tell em I swear I tried to tell em
Will be following the James Beard Award results live at #jbfa . Noted: Best Chef NYC is missing Chef John Fraser of ..wth?
Very nice that is sending twitter thank yous out
Im actually rooting for Heat to win the whole thing just cause I despise more than Aikman. Wanted him to cry over Lebron.
when you miss one day I'm kicking your ass out and you can have dick and blake .
Somedays it's a good day to burn the whole fucking world down. And somedays it's a good day for a pastrami sandwich. Today is both.
If any of you lovely people have a sec could you go wish a happy 16th birthday! She's an amazing NEBRASKAN directioner! Caitlin x
Some the new music and genres that are coming out....are out of this world!
Chimneys! Get thee to 6th Anniversary Party immediately!
Uhh... Goodnight loves
Awesome solution!! Woot, TY! Big issue is new cakes baked have to freeze several hours to cut. Hence, panic! cc:
OH: she's going to completely destroy him
Discipline...Desire...Dedication will give you Success On God's Terms...Gerald D. Rogers
Twitter is for getting along with people you don't know; Facebook is for fighting with people you do know. <U+E415>
Whee! Its Monday! RT : Woopsiedaisy, Tara! The '5' got chopped off on that tweet -- it's 58% of Fortune 500's w/ Facebook Pages!
States today with <U+E00E><U+E057><U+E41F> At trinity high school!
just DM'ed you...Metro email address?
It's not only Hermes but the trend in this industry. DVF has launched its home collection, Armani has got the hotel and restaurant.
btw Mr. H Alan Scott, that is the most ridiculously awesome xmas outfit I've ever seen...
I LOVE YOU TOO NOW WAKE UP.
go. To. Sleep.
GOOD AFTERNOON MOMMA E. HAVE A FANTASTIC FRIDAY
Yes he did. Yes he did. Daldry's Oscar streak= evidence that the universe might be morally indifferent.
i just put my ipod down so i can sleep -___- lol hi WE HAVENT TALKED SINCE LAST YEAR :O
Our small, stupid conversations mean so much more to me than you'll ever know.
#dh11 #alt-ac #altac Q: do we have obligation to reach out to students at institutions w/o DH support?
No School For a Week.
Could only play 6 holes B4 humidity made me ill. Stopped. Know I did the right thing but feel like such a wuss.
Hope you enjoyed your breakfast!
#MaytheFourthbewithyou. We should have waited until today for our big Star Wars talk!
how do users who don't exist follow you? n do ppl change their profile picture here like they do on fb? i'm still figuring this thing out.
would that be dad?
summer side show is on June 2nd in Columbus Ga
OPA is the online catalog for , redesigned based on feedback from researchers.
Happy New Year! Following me would be a great way to start the year off! Whoot Whoot!
I tried & it wasn't enough I guess.
Austin would date a fan. (:
#SUPPORTBLACKBUSINESSES the message will never get old.
I'm so hungry this hoe need to get up and go hit these street.. My team hungry to!
awww!! Sox fan = automatic A. You get the + for the sweet coffee mug. :D
Anybody know when the next #bftgathering is?
Organizers say they expect 10,000 protesters to join in May Day rally and march through downtown Portland tomorrow.
I'm doing good n u
Riding in a car with the
Y RT : Had this Anthony Hamilton CD on repeat for almost 2 weeks!
I saw the sign.
BNY Mellon Adds Automated Notification Enhancements to Margin DIRECT(SM) Liquidity Management Product
one more final to go!!!!!!
Oh man...what was that?
Impatience never commanded success. - Edwin H. Chapin
A mother's love never ends...HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY!
Charles Manson was denied parol? That's shocking! Why do they even hold parole meetings for him?
#pokerplayerproblems RT : I wish I was as good at folding laundry as I am at folding cards.
She walks off. He continues waiting. Stares at the candle meaningfully. Remembers Hemingway's six word story. Composes his own.
Lmao RT : Shout out to the females out there who take care of their ankles, though
One day your life will flash before your eyes. Make sure it's worth watching ~
Obama just got Bidened.
Being Juvenial with
Going to eat with emilee, austin, and bailey!. Idk what were eating yet,
I do not think respectable online publications should allow anonymous comments. Period. People should have to stand by their words.
": It's still #LetsGoHeat"
Oh, little mother, you're much too wonderful to be vainglorious. You're just glorious.
pretty sure I'm allergic to four loko
and the same to you!
Wow. Wow. Wow.
Lol. Love and proud of my Yankees where ever I go. Miss you too my Dani.
Well well well, the end of the day is almost here! Where are you guys going to get your #Bartab on? DM me your email and I'll hook you up!
are you going to be back playing for the saints next season?
Heat are about to get Linned! RT My Heat play the Knicks tonight... I know its gonna be a lot of shit talking!!
sorry to hear. *hugs* prayers with you and your family.
They're only closing about 100 stores.. and none in NM.
This long distance relationship thing isn't that bad
lovely coffee date with <3 wonderful friends make for an excellent day!
Big Ups to all our followers! We're gearing up for our show tonight at Jazz Minds on Kapiolani Blvd in Honolulu, HI from 9:30pm-1:00am! 18+
You need to send letter from Vanessa Ohio to speaker Boehner. We all hope he gets the message. Its time to put politics aside!
hi Rachel! i'm an alt-weekly writer and just know that i could write for xojane! i have a million ideas — can I email you?
new morning routine inspired by Tara Stiles... 10 minutes of yoga before breakfast coffee chaos... grounding and exhilarating
That is a true mystery!
there is a serious lack of options when it comes to choosing words to talk about diapers and excrescences. None of them satisfy
Enjoying a productive day at home.
Bad scripted TV
David Freese of Team HeavySwing. BaltimoreMD based company w/22 MLB teams. We were with him in the on-deck circle moments before blast
dammit. i have to walk to my car...
Addie and me are up late watching movies in bed. She insisted on watching stahbock pants(spongebob squarepants)
Who wants to be my favorite baseball player now? Taking applications now.
Reason number 7,632 I have the best Mom in the Universe. Per usual, our family is heading to #DodgerStadium for her special day.
Stayed out way too late boo!
RT : Andy Fox...Surprised he isn't chasing cars asking why they're driving
i already follow u :)
133: You're such a cutie and i love talking to you(:
The fact that Dallas is playing this badly and the Skins are still only up by 1 is killing me. Come on Skins, don't let me down!
You are a blessing to my life
From the simple Jon Jon that can accommodate your 3 to 5 years of age, to our giant Joey Jumper Slide Combo, you'll love them both!
I'm recently allergic to bananas too! And pretty much everything else. Have you ever heard of someone allergic to carrots?
thank you!!
Money From Strangers is so great!
In Baltimore hanging with friends. Which in this case means drinking beer and fishing.
Whats up? Thanks for following us on Twitter! We are an ALL AGES webshow from the Metro Detroit Area!
We are glad. Let us kno if we canimprove on anything
are u the bunny in the picture?
Morning all.
LOL - I hit him on FB already.
Take a break from the #urban life!
who would you want to take it???Lakers or Heat????
Volunteers needed to sit at Nola Jitterbugs info table @ Cornet Chop Suey Stage Sat/Sun! Email me at:
A2 Strategy before platforms. If it doesn't fit into our strategy we don't engage on certain social networks, being one
I'm so hungry I could eat a elephant *elementary figurative language* lol
Danielle wants as many followers as Kim Kardashian!! Millions.
i thaught so hahaha im not mad or anything i just wanna fight
"yo playa let's go to the mall." "lol what the f.."
is he makin a music video or doing a photo shoot?
Todays just not my day... Could use some company right about now.
Get on it! RT : How about giving the beautiful & talented her own show for her birthday?
There's always tomorrow!
It's gameday, gameday gotta get down on gameday
Who wants to take me to Taco Bell?
okay you'll get them this time! I promise lol
sitting in the theatre right now waiting for this movie to start!
Brewing a fresh cup of 's "Tension Tamer" to accompany me in this late night of homework...
my prodigal sister is returning from Australia so I'm for #edcamp sorry!
9.) Be prepared to stand. For 2 hours. Good shoes won’t go unappreciated.
It's time
Stanley Jordan ticket giveaway today at 3pm at Facebook/BluesAlley!!!
we need to. Miss the whole family. Let me know when's best.
Our memories in Rainer village Tho ; Priceless (:
Some of you bitches need a reality check, not a welfare check
Stomach hurts...ugh....
can't wait for rialto beach. get your ass up here so we can head out.
#youknowyoughettowhen you regularly refer to carmex as lipgloss. That's for cold sores girl!
“: RT happy b day to vice president and captain #Salute!!” Happy born day my gee!!!!
To clarify: I'm not defending reading per se (though I do like it), I'm defending the difficult and its joys.
#Orioles face Red Sox tonight for first time since Robert Andino sent them home crying. Cant wait to hear #Boston fans cry again.
Very cool! Perhaps we can all meet?
DID YOU KNOW: “Miami-based” is actually incorporated in Panama, avoiding most US labor, tax, and consumer protection laws
possibly. There would probably just need to be specific questions associated with commercial stuff?
I'm not spam, I am a Milwaukee citizen. It is a local art contest through ArtHouse Reveal..help me out?
On this day in 1972, the Lakers beat the Knicks for the NBA Championship. This Wednesday, Knicks/Heat, game 5 of round 1.
I just got salty af. Lmfao
happy to hear we were able to take care of you!
In six days Felon Fitness goes live! Get it at AdamsMedia.com, amazon.com, Barnes & Noble... the list goes on.
I love me a good chicken fried steak!
we're u able to open up the audio file I sent
u a lie u hella cool on dat
Dang #android - you LOVE battery.
"Good morning!!!!!!!! :D" RT if seeing that smiley made you wanna smack a baby.
should we also be responding to too?
Spider situation under control. For now.
Congrats to on the call up!
me? Nahh you yo I never even made a kendama edit
Am following Dale Carpenter's excellent Flagrant Conduct with Jeffrey Toobin's The Nine. Our legal system is endlessly fascinating.
About to see a 2 1/2 hour documentary about Bob Marley, which would be a nightmare for me if it weren't directed by Kevin McDonald.
it's still confuses me when Simple Minds is played on an oldies station.
RT Almost time to hit the waves :-) >> way to be braggin bro,, way to be
imma miss you too! I love you! Its your time now.
All I know is there are never enough love tetrahedrons. :)
they should make a network that shows Nick shows from the 90's and early 00's
Today is gonna be a chill day for me
Yep, lucky xD and yes, it's awful here xD
Love her!!!
Layover in ATL. Had to eat food court for lunch. Best option: steamed veggies from Chinese counter. Mushy. Ugh. Next stop Nashville.
poor guy kept saying, "Sorry." He's so sweet. I felt so sorry for him! I'm used to cleaning carseat, not sure which is worse?
thank u me too
Happy 3rd birthday to #UPA2012 host hotel .... how big is the cake?
If any portion of it is used you recieve a FREE signed copy of a compilation album to be released soon!
I enjoyed her shows also
I miss you </3
I sure did! Thank you!!!
Presumably, Darren Sharper on Anthony Hargrove: "HOW DO WE KNOW HE WAS NOT COERCED? You have no proof he WASN'T waterboarded into this!"
At the 41st annual language and literacy conference at ASU! Jim Blasingame and Frank Serafini are keynoting.
I'm so over VPA. All this shit is getting on my nerves.
Last time I went to a town hall meeting with Ann marie buerkle there was this liberal women that was so rude, really was ridiculous
lol, free time is a relative term. haha, i wont have any for a few days at least.. but ill try!
RT : the only concert i ever waited in line for to get tickets was for the beast boys. enjoy the cosmos MCA
so excited for BBerry app, but it won't load at all, not direct from phone or thru laptp sync! Urrgggh!
I. I believe. I believe that.I believe that we.I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN.I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN.I BELIEVE THAT WE WILL WIN.
Thanks Eric.
"Sometimes you've just got to believe" - Thomas Bähler
And a president?! RT : "For every Atlanta teacher thrown in jail for cheating so to[o] should [be] one Secretary of Education"
Defense lawyer shows Ybarra autopsy photos of Erica Smith, the accident victim. Sobbing, Ybarra says she's so sorry.
i'd do anything for you to follow me.. you're amazing & beautiful :) PLEASE.
I feel like im king of the world whenever taco bell accidently slips an extra burrito in my bag.
New Summer Shows That'll Make You Laugh
Looking forward to a great game tonight! Bulls vs Heat! May the best team win.
close... white rapper
I just won the View 100 Contestant Profiles trophy and 100 May 2012 Points at Miss Social by Playboy!
***All proceeds will be presented to the birthday boy as a special gift. The dude of the hour has been grinding hard since the age of 9.
lol,im saying...is there any1 in our fam that is ?!
I'm tired of babysitting people I always get fucked over ... spend money on them that cnt benifit me n ill never c it again
shot 11 over the other day but +7 came on the first 8 holes so I was happy finish 10 at +4
When you act in the world against your own conscience your mind becomes disturbed. The action rebounds and hurts you. You feel sorry ...
The show goes on
I come from the future. Give me your computers
The death cluster of cables and cameras and cords to the left of the comp still needs a reckoning, but it's getting there!
8 shoots in 5 hours. So glad we moved to an all digital workflow.
Because they haven't been dumbed yet.
What u doin up
The train is so packed I'm making out with a stranger
Big vote for casinos in Foxboro. What do you think is going to happen?
Featuring in one of song's stay tuned. Music video during summer!
Life is stabbinq me in the Heart.Nobody understands me. My Fam would never let me Down. Im stayinq Stronq no matter what life throws at me.
EqualityTV is 'Embracing Alternatives' and creating a Movement In Media. Stay tuned for our big launch! : ) Want to join us?! Contact us fo…
did the bone pop out?
I definitely agree with the beginning but other than that it kind of says someone else determines your happiness
Need to make these feeling go away ....I don't want to care more then I already do...I want to care less and less till I don't give a fuck.
I still haven't figured out what Pinterest is all about. They blitzed Linkedin with ads and maybe they are waiting for us to figure it out?
After a day off tonight, coming off a 7-3 night, we have 10 Locks for tomorrow. Get all for $40, 5 for $25, or other packages as well.
Oh high new followers! :D
11:11 is my favourite song. I'm so excited for your concert and your new songs
no not you to?
Awesome! Plan on next Wednesday at noon. (:
I didn't get to try your ice cream at #Wits. (sadface) Methinks a private tasting at is in order!?
I just don't know about that for sure. Someone check the rule book!
since you dont reply im behind you
Audio Addiktion loves the , we just wanted to hear more of our favorite SP songs!! Hope you're not upset..:-(
Hate that! RT: took a break from packing for found only empty vending machines in prep for m ...
how cold was it doing cave tubing?
Ahh well I hope you get some good tips this week! :)
There's something #sweet about little nothings.
All kinds of theories going around about the mad #coachella ticket dash
it's from "All Falls Down"!
#RINGER was the best thing on tv Bring Back Ringer
Fasho whenever you're ready. I think brotha d is coming through tomorrow morning.
I remember where I had my Bieber fan account than it got hacked and deleted. ._.
" aren't you puerto rican? " nigga do i look hispanic?! half korean and black zach. half korean and black.
— thinks your work is great! Kumani means "destiny"...may yours for the new year be a truly enlightening one!
looking forward to hearing from you about my manuscript. Vanilla's Ladies COMING SOON!
Hi-larious! PLA folks warn not to wear badges out & then give us all bright hunting orange totes. Use own if you can
Mistletoe by :) <U+2665>
Goddammit. Barry bought a round of Bud Light Platinum. But it's okay, Ponstein's here too
Can't wait til this Lakers/Thunder tip off!!!
You are wise, Golden One.
Want to thank you again for attending the NFM summit. Means far more to me as an English Adjunct than a new study/report.
Say it like it is! "Every single band in the world has these gigantic songs that people are obsessed with." - Bach
no hollering from me...lost my voice!
I'm at war with the physical & spiritual..
In search of new talent!!!
Is Garcia using AJ's old pitches ... :l
This is the most Black women I've seen in one place at NYU, and for that alone I am grateful for ! Oh the many worlds
If you tweet your resignation from a company, does it count?
At the social security office to change my name. But why does it have to smell so badly in here??
Thanks for letting me know!
are you going to the we came as romans show tonight?
SWAGG SWERVING is the newest and hottest DANCE www.youtube.com/soloxquzit FEEL MY SWAGGER is the single SWAGG SWERVING the dance
Again, you have no clue what you are talking about considering they are all related and neither interfere with each other.
Nice...RT : David Carr: People say LinkedIn is for old people. Reid Hoffman response: like the people who will give you a job?
Who's excited for SNL this weekend? Sofia Vergara anyone? No? One Direction? I think yes! Im excited for both.. HBU?
Haha, my Dad isn't on Twitter, no one in my fam is. My Dad isn't on FB either.
Out of the mouth the heart speaks. First time it's God second time it's something you are trying to do.
Dear NYC, send pizza!
We are always experimenting with interesting new flavor combinations and strive to provide you with a variety of choices each time you visit
Nailed it. Nice to see the somebody gets it. Its not 1975 anymore.
you are my inspiration and i love you.<3
Spezza said all the pressure is on #NYR buddy it's Game 7 if you're denying that there is pressure on you. You're a liar. 8th seed or 1st.
either way tho we need to set up some sort of match. What r fair teams?
nice to connect - you should keep your eye on if you ever want to voyage into high-tech
Yup. RT : As much as I am... RT : Anyone want to take bets on how much work I'm getting done today?
For some reason this friday feels wierd I think im missin something..#HateThatFillin umm imma find out lol
Thanks Terrence for the mentions. Hope you and your family had a nice holiday weekend.
Wow, thanks for the tip! Believe it or not at BL you had 5! ;) I cheered for you since I had followed your blog/appearances
only in Milwaukee. Icky
big ups for the #FF love. I'm always a day late.
Still in the lab !
Who wanna text me tonight
i tell u wen i get home
"I'm live tweeting this to you." "Walking into an alley." "I'm peeing right now behind 2 dumpsters/a grease disposal."
: that is totally me!!!
Nothing makes a worse first impression than bad breath! If you have to gargle wit gas...do what'cha gotta do!
By the way, I really want to like Veep on HBO, but it's on a different humor frequency than me. I didn't laugh once. Love JLD.
Even on a gloomy day, treat yourself to something bright & refreshing like a mojito. Make your own beach! $5 all day
In the traditionally male dominated fields of science, engineering & military technology, women earn 41%, 20% & 10% of the degrees.
Family reunion dinner!! Actually went well. For a first lol
RT : Again, sorry Yankees fans. Dad was trying to get LeBron's knee. He's as fucking inaccurate as Tebow lately.
Congrats to Ken Hedrick (Tulsa office) who closed a $28M Walgreens portfolio this week!
and Shane Myrbeck - thanks for great chat last night. looking forward to more interaction!
starting out on Twitter - feels good!! We are the Builder Exchange Event
Yeah idk what's going on with me. But as long as I'm okay now, it's fine. Thanks for caring :)
Wow, #qdoba - from taste to quality to service, underwhelming on ALL counts. My heart belongs to
Happy 6mos #opdx Roses bloom in the spring.
Sitting in my room listening to my boo (:
awesome. I should do the same.
Just got a letter telling me I got a 1.8% raise
"I'm sexy and I know it" asfdgfygferercvjkujsehasjkjnnj gone
you have all the good movies on your iPod!
Look for Allyson, Horvak & Stewarts book 'LA Rebellion of black filmmakers'
I never said you were a bitch, I said you were making bitch comments.
GOD DAMN! You can get 2 man pitty pat game on that ass sheesh
After losing out on their initial choice at pick 22, WR K. Wright, the #Browns picked QB Weeden. Now, QB Colt McCoy is being shopped.
Moon walk with Alan bean
Thanks for tweeting! Can’t wait to see your official video for
If an Angry Bird had a MySpace, it's mood would be forever angry. Unless you find all the golden eggs, of course.
Love is just a word until someone comes along and gives it meaning.
Four people were killed and 11 others were wounded in two coordinated attacks in #Baghdad Thursday, the #Iraq Interior Ministry said
Channing Tatum is the sexiest beast evverr.
How I've missed ny food
I'd like to give a moment of thanks to my grande unsweetened iced green tea from Starbucks.
there's this guy at the hotel I'm at named dominque..thought of chhhuuuu hehe
Hi Cat!How have you been?I hope amazing love, and wonderful!<U+2665>:*
Sounds delicious! Gotta love Louisiana Lickers!
Eminem is unique. We're trending it tomorrow!
lol happy friday and enjoy. I'm not a twitter expert even though most things on here are self explanatory. Enjoy
Three days until my first #Brewers game of 2012. Three days until my first drinks in 49 days. The anticipation is palpable.
RT bruno mars is real elvis gangster right now. I'm a fan.
get them hours girl!
I specifically remember the day I ran for 15 minutes without stopping so I can totally relate!
Yep. That starbucks is the center of the [ tech ] world you know.
"I've just had an apostrophe." "I think you mean epiphany."
we try to excel in all aspects of drink/coffee making. :)
A real man dosent make his girl jealous, he makes other girls jealous of his girl <3
I guess if there was a combination of whack and trifling, that would be the perfect description. Oh, and porcine.
I freaking love that blue/red Coach dress. Too many awesome colors. Take all of my money!
you suck more d**ks than monica lewinsky!
Auto-exposure, auto-focus, 1080p video recording
Comcast just can't get it right.
It's amazing how dominant the visual system has been as a substrate for so many neuro topics. Even in animals that mainly use other senses.
Looking good! Sent you some notes for discussion :D
At cheer camp dinner break <3333
I want to but my hair Thu sista until Wednesday.
"The public needs art, and it is the responsibility of a 'self-proclaimed artist' to realize the public needs art..."
WHAT NO YOU CAN'T MOVE YOU AREN'T ALLOWED
The truth is, if i could be with anyone, i would still choose you.
On the days I'm unable to take a big dump in the morning, I feel as if I've failed myself, you guys, & everyone else in my life. I'm sorry.
I think that's her mom in the back!!
The only good news about all this shit is that they're making sure Obama wins reelection in a landslide
Book your fall travel now or a staycation" at our beautiful property in sunny San Diego! Mention this tweet and receive 20% off booking!!!
thanks 4 the follow, Fracking has just moved into central pa. They are making a mess.
...but whoever heard of a British prince doing an email scam?
I had fun trick or treating... Also spent time with Cassie, Cassidy, Caitlyn, Kendall, Jordanna, Gibby,Jake, Dereck & other friends toda ...
I DON'T KNOW ABOUT U... BUT I'M HAVING A SIMPLY MARVELOUS DAY... GREAT NEWS SHOOTING FROM EVERYWAY AND THATS WHATS UP... ;-)
When we stop learning, we start dying. Dan Leahy at
ees gonna be quick and duurtay. i'll be there thursday/friday. you?
About to dance with some Eagles
yeah its gonna be a fucking blast! Can't wait!
Did you know that the first comedy club was in Boston in 1634 and was actually a large stick used for beating comedians?
Why aren't we friends in real life then? This saddens me greatly :(
Anytime Patti! Love the chat & hoping to make it tomorrow, but not sure I just have so much going Miss it though!
Ahahaha T-Mills cracks me up!! RT : I'm that dude that got ur girlfriend to get my name tattooed
a wise man once said “: You treat others how you want to be treated.Haters usually hate themselves.”
When was your bday?
Watching NAS' Behind the Music. STILL get chills when I hear Ether and One Mic.
remember -- sunscreen is your friend!
Headed to Vegas!!! Aww yeah
But life is good and I don't think things happened for the reason It's more like consequences of our action It's could be good or bad
Tonight's drink special: The Federale w/ tequila, sour, grapefruit & soda!
I hope direct TV is paying u for that!
Good luck to this weekend!
Need a free, easy to build website? Check out ! You can get free website support as well as #coworking& event space at their
Good to see you this morning. Thanks for your advice!
"Must maintain the strongest military in the world . . . But that is not enough"
evn if we don't rely on horoscope, making too many plans beyond our capacity will make us weary
What?! That's awesome! Have fun and eat lots of bacon!
all the time
this is fucking pathetic magic make sum fucking baskets goddamn!!!!
Willingham hits for power but Lind is in an extended slump. Hard to decide.
I chked it out sir ! Bomb keep it comin !
more shoulder rehab and then see if I can nail down trader joe,s gig, if not trying whole foods.
Patrick is awesome.. Looks out for me so much
Congrats to everyone graduating and good luck to all those with finals!
Christine, I've got exiting and innovative .NET openings in Chicago Area. Would you mind helping me.
hey girl. Happy New Year!
Whaddya know, I get spammed. Shoulda known. RT : Enter to win a $100 Dunkin Donuts & print free beverage Coupon
I hope that dream was just a glimpse into our actual future!
Just downloaded #YourGirlDoesParty #Mixtape by !!! Omfg, it's crazy! >.< Love them!
there ass we should of beat them we left bases loaded twice with no outs all these team we loose to we could beat them
so who's gonna loan me $10,000?
- oh and glad nobody was hurt!!!
what keeps your living tissue from dying if you are metal underneath?
Welcome to Bonamour Tracy Welborn! We are happy to have you on the team :)
Had a long week
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe someone controlling the windows
I love you ma! You're coming into your sr yr now girl.! I'm behind you 100% always
and awesome
I'ma be all I can be. I hope you feel the same about yourself
New J Boogie's Dubtronic Science Album Out Today! J Boogie returns with his third artist album - Available at FeeLit!
I need yall to Follow His tweets are mature and you can relate. Follow now! RT
it appears that he is trying!!! He has up hill battle ahead!!!
the speech went well looking forward o more in 2012 , take care
you think you have insomnia
beef jerky
is still with GC group
Club Sirius st Patties day on and poppin already! Get down here!!
: You are very welcome! Happy Sunday to you too and thanks for all of your support.
Our menu is new! Have you been in to see it?
Gotta do extra crunches after the shakes me & just smashed frm The Cookout!
I think birthday cakes may be the cause of obesity. My office has had three birthdays, thus three cakes this week.
Woah! That wasn't a motorcycle picture.
Certain shit I'm not a glutton for, for every bad bitch theres a nigga tired of fuckin her.
Thank you for bring back lots of sweedish chocolate. This is not going to be good for my diet
Im the shit at doing stuff at the last minute....but i don't like to brag. hehe
You WILL win this game!! Hahaha! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
an absolute benini sculpture of a goal!
Maccen watch a movie :P
- thanks for the tweet to remind me & retweet. We sent out a blast on it friday. About 200 opens. Hope to see you there.
¦ Actually I DO feel sorry every time, I know how annoying it is. It's a bad habit that I'm trying to break.
Getting ready to have lunch w/ Marcus Brumer of Davis & Associates in Atlanta, long time client.
Hey, New York SLA peeps - who's going to the SLA-NY Happy Hour at Ulysses, downtown? I'll be there!
true lets do this to start off summer!
I'm just wondering when is gonna offer me up a sponsorship deal ;)
when will u be teaching a class at quest studio
MAKE THE MOVES ...
ugh, how to tread lightly when what is required is a good stomp?
what's your fav movie
i'm still figuring out life
Just got done grubbing now I'm back to work in da studio b4 I go grub once mo!!!
check out danklifeblog
the one in orchard park!
Ill pinch the shit out of you;)
Hearing chatter about Ron Paul supporters heading to Tampa for #RNC2012 convention. Keep it cool. Place will be like police state!
"LOUD NOISES!!" would have gotten the point across equally well and saved a lot of paint
This Dick Bitch!
you already know!
I always pause when I hear voice votes like the last one, that sound too close to call, but they just leave it there.
If rashad can't take jones down its gonna open his hands up big time if he can't he's gonna get picked apart from the outside!
Europe on 5 Wrong Turns a Day also just happens to be 's next Book Club read.
2night we hit at 9pm at the amazing w full live band + (NYC) & DJ
That should be "dairy", not "diary". We don't add people's personal journals to our yogurt, I swear.
And now I wanna change my name to "Dennis Kucinich," just for you.... ;-)
pandora flow today... Need the laughs
I learn from the best
Wade is such a pussy-ass sore sport.
By your thoughts you are daily, even hourly, building your life; you are carving your destiny. -Ruth Barrik Golden.
Don't have time to develop this, but for and 's JDRF t-shirt contest I'm seeing, "the original C Walk" in my head
Going on field trip to #ArlingtonHouse today, interested to see how earthquake repairs progress.
told myself i was starting homework at nine and what happened? nothing happened.
It was an interesting look...
I wonder if he looks back on our conversations, and smiles like I do.
“: Just got a phone call from my ex, he's horny and is on his way over. #bootycall” I wanna join u guys;)
Many will doubt simply because they will never achieve what they dream. But you only need few to believe in you to become king.
habanero maple syrup sounds amazing!
Thanks, again, for registering yourself, Jennifer and Laura for #umbcsocial. We look forward to seeing you in January!
Happy Birthday Thomas
damn not only does hate me becuz,of my bag he, will hate me more lol but its kool
All lasting business is built on friendship. - Alfred A. Montapert
you're welcome!!
U need to get on a plane today and come help me cheer the heros to a title. Lotta $65 sngs going off too
dig: Fred Hersch Trio's album "Whirl"
RT : AND WE'RE UP!!! #whoyouwit!
#oneletteroffmovies The Empire Strokes Back
Yep, got that. Just waiting for the Sat start time from you.
Only one guy did anything wrong there: the guy with abe lincoln tattooed on his adam's apple,
I believe everything happens for a reason. What's hard is trying to figure out that reason.
So what do i do now that your not around..
Well frankly I don't know how it ever died in the first place. : I'm in. Long live DLFC!
Hey what happened to my other pillow?! Now I only have one! And this one sucks ):
good luck, I hope you stay awake and your brain soaks in everything #sponge haha
In organizations, real power and energy is generated through relationships
i think its a wee bit passé to talk about what santa brought you.. merry christmas everyone!
Knicks are holding off the Heat with Chandler on the bench, that is key.
Good Morning! Late night, stayed up until 3am networking another printer to print more cruise documents! Going to deliver docs today! :)
lol! Let's give him a month there before we start asking for free shit
No Boyz Allowed tonight at Stoner Rec Center in West LA, and Q's after. Excited to meet my lovely teammates!
going to sleep in an hour. apwh makes you cool...
great link, thanks!
Big night in Mesher house. Both & have dates over 4 dinner. Mom is charming. Dad looking 4 his bat
We've got a new billboard up on 315 ... anyone seen it?
Dude, Phillies wont make the playoffs this year. Team is aging and cant hit. They should trade Hamels for some stud prospects
So she wants to be Lady Gaga.
That's good to know! I have a Canon - I've never purchased a Nikon. I'll need to keep that in mind!
nah. I doubt it.
He should just retire...
I always did look up to you the most Cap
Looking forward to tonight..doing interviews with artmiami.TV
Didn't hear back from you, so gave the extra seat away. But I'll buy you popcorn if you show. Hugs, Laremy
People do not like to insure against the abstract; the risk that inherits their attention is always vivid
Agreed. A business needs a legitimate web face.
I think I am better than you
Cat hair in my eye.
i'm having trouble with the new iPhone app upgrade. It's so slow. I can't use it all. Is there a way to revert to the old?
THAT WAS AWESOME! THE RING IMPLODED!
Or let me say FUKin LEECHEs...nt bout to suck me dry
Thanks guys. Good to know it's just twitter getting its crack fix and not me/my computer!
I can't change the past, but why can't I stop it from bothering me so much? My goal is to live in the now. see what is important in present
just taught Joan an amazing trick :D
I see you Bynum !
#sexisbestwhen you're really digging each other and there's alot of passion involved....
Heck yeah. See you then. Safe travels!
follow back
Hey guys, we ate at #Freebirds last night. Like the look of the place, people were great just wish the food was better.
and best movie about old man strength, ever
Thanks so much for the RT..and STILL screamin'...
hehe arres we'll do like a search and destroy um i mean find ana hehe
awee it's cute c:
: but if you truly think about it all I ever really go for our girls so I feel like this conversation is irrelevant
I am proud of the #UMC when we are working to end malaria but not when we exclude certain groups of people. All means all.
the picture!
How is your week coming along? Have you checked out our Educational Toys!?
I want to watch #Gabbarsingh again.This time, I will buy whistles and trumpets. Audience should match hero's wavelength you see :)
best wishes!!
Disappointed overall or that Edie wasn't included? Given what transpired between Sheridan + Cherry, didn't expect to see her.
RT : appears in new promotional video for Somali Youth League's Jan. 14 Walk4Somalia. Are you going?...
Long day. Knees are killing me, hands are rough, raw, and blistered and my biceps won't stop twitching
Zellers has enough votes for a plan that uses general fund tax dollars but not a plan that doesn't? Where is the speaker?
I had a dream that me and lived together
Oh, glad she cleared that up
please im begging you for my girls it would mean so much
Google Plus is taking over Facebook as an interactive social network. Do you agree or disagree?
Running is getting a little easier out here. I did about 1.5 miles today and didn't hurl or want to die! But then I had pizza and cake. Oops
YOU'RE UP, ASDFGHHJKL, GOOD LUCK!
YEP! got my ticket already, for the chicago show! stoked! YOU?
Don't forget to get a $20 gift card to KISS coffee for $10 at livingsocial.com! Plus, get 25% off all art and gifts.
not surprised. It seems like a good idea but the only things I've seen from them are posters, t-shirts and blog posts.
Conference tournament champions !!!!
Send a piece of that over. I'm hungry.
cant believe this crap...talk about a mini game changer
follow the lovely
RT : Thx! Thanks for thinking of us. Let's get caught up while we're in town
if you care to find me look towards the western sky!
In Vegas for two days! Plan to see Ka tonight
Scored suede black bootie wedges for $30 !
Rondo's jump shot is gettin better :)
Ata boy Turiaf do what you do best
Good thing that Ron Paul has absolutely no chance to win the nomination. He's the only #GOP candidate with plausible ideas.
TONIGHT: We pay homage to unsigned artists + celebrate 10 yrs of weekly showcasing (over 35 executives confirmed). Club Pyramid, NYC-8pm $20
ohh it does ? And why u mad at me ?
With all the baseball & sex references, I'm surprised I've never heard one about "scoring position"
That annoying moment when you have to keep removing your headphones because someone keeps talking to you.
anyone know how to keep cats from eating fish (the aquarium kind)?
hey girly!!! Hope ur doing heart too :)
Radiology report is in, and the news is not good. Lower spinal problems have progressed to a severe level & surgery is likely in my future.
I just woke up from an hour nap, too, if that makes you feel better.
that is like a beautiful van gogh painting!!
Is this doing Karaoke?
You bet, Ron. Hope you're good.
The dude who played Kirk is a lock for the drummer. Who would also be a Cylon.
and I wanna see
#Royals fans, what happened with Dyson out at the plate 1st inning? Was the hit and run on? I'm only watching the gameday tracker...
oh yesh! Bring the band down sometime! We'll do a show swap. Maybe eat some chicken!
Hello wts good,Do you have a contact for production?
Tweeting birds, green grass, buds popping up, 54 degrees in Chicago on Jan 6... #ThisisWinter???
Great. I'm allergic to chigger bites.
just checked and it's not showing that I sent any spam. Can you send me what you received please?
I'm so sorry I haven't wished you congrats yet.
That's awesome right?? Can't miss it gotta watch it every week :)
told you that you would.
Oh ffs. Pagan class had guided meditation work. I fell asleep.
U know what i hate... Its when ur friend is only ur friend when hes single. Then he finds someone and he pretends u never existed.
You think you could give us a little peek for the summer line? ;)
just finished fotoshoot with some of my new outfits...
The only day a year I don't set my alarm and I wake up at 9:30
Why is my back always hurting :(?
How am I suppose to react when it's 2:30am and you asked me to answer your ph with a caller ID that read "Ass" and you're in my bed??????
I am loving this week's episode! The ghost chili is a must! It makes me crave turkey chili paired w/ Domaine Haegi Riesling!
i'll take latkes over ham any day
Found my outfit for Saturday. :3
YIKES! Good luck and post the results.
For some reason, I wish I had freckles. :)
"A biz proposal is diff than a proposition. Propositions won't sell. Need to build a relationship w your proposal," Andy Schloss
Still have my miniature WHERE THE WILD THINGS ARE in German, bought at the Heidelberg train station in 1987. "Und jetzt machen wir Krach!"
way to ruin the ending for me Alejandro #excusemewhileigocry #inthiscornerundermybed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
Seriously. Who passes a funeral procession?
Are you going to be there, tweeting? I need to know when it's really starting - guessing around 11:30. Voting for Josh. Thx.
Tell me whatcha want, cause we can do just whatcha like ;)
This day is going great I passed my drug tEst yesterday
he got dunked on SAP! Lol
they both mean the same thing ..its twitter not school. :p
If you don't have FuelTV, FOX Deportes has the prelims for
#nfais let me take this moment to say that I know nothing of Australian music aside from Nick Cave, Ac/dc and the Dirty Three. I need Trove.
I40 West is a mess, but motorcycles on the shoulder r doing just fine
Remember that water is all you need if you only have one activity in a day and you are exercising less than 60 minutes!
Scotland Yard Pub will be closed this afternoon for a private party but WILL open at 8pm for football.
We are now hiring, please email us at
Moonlighting on the morning shift and producing live at noon today with Tune in for lots of news mixed with some fun!
Oh ok then you don't watch basketball.
If you have an idea for either a social network, dating site, classifieds site or a combination of all three, WE CAN HELP YOU ! 619-795-2995
Is anyone watching Larry King Live who just saw that bizarre exchange?? Who was that?
That was awesome!!! Great Job!!!
Ramsell making K$ beautiful with
When your work speaks for itself, don't interrupt. ~ Henry J. Kaiser
woow if u dont like why dont u just say so... no need to be fake
! love love love all of the above with !
But I love being ignored unless you need something! :)
My jaw is on the floor. Theon is entirely too drunk with power. Wow.
I got tomorrow and thursday off it's up to you. We can do tomorrow if u want to
I miss Austin
Never hope for the merman.
Save some for us! RT : Whats better than the Stanley Cup? A full size replica made of chocolate Gonna fill w peanut...
The car to my left and to my right both have #KeyWest stickers.
Ok, Twitter is way too addicting... haha #offlineforreal.. it think O.o
Come to the Hippocrates Cafe, 1/25, noon, Gingko Bistro. Readings of Woody Allen & other greats pondering the mysteries of Body Mass Index.
Lazy day. Drivin back to Ft. Collins later, meeting at 7, then time to go hard for 8 more weeks.
We need to get off TV and get to the bottom of this Ryan Braun test
so if we could just get rid of the people who strive for this so called "Normalcy" ...we'd all be good, right?? :) Let's do it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
No reeses for me! RT : Impossible! peanut butter cups? RT :
Tomorrow I'm throwing a twitter party at 10:00PM in honor of the boyz returning on ABDC. Don't miss it. (;
the airport ??? Omg Wut I thought they were driving ah can u tell me anything Please haha
I swear my whole school was at wendys <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Bike Night tomorrow. Rain or shine! (Indoors if it rains)
can you still be an environmentalist and still believe in paper towels?
A Quark Extractor Machine? Sure, loads of them.
my taste in movies was not very sophisticated. I also liked The Man w the Golden Gun, prob one of the worst movies ever!
Thx for following. Where are you getting your degree? Do you have an internship?
How do you make a housing biz plan without #fannie and #freddie. Wharton prof asks
which is exactly what I said. Shrieked, rather.
that is cool!
I know it is
you were amazing at the #teenhoot last night. Such a hard act to follow! Thanks for sharing the stage with us!
Very true words!
25.5k after level 1. Playing well, made some huge folds to big fish who get there a ton...
one more thing happy new years to u n ur family..keep up allthe good work ur so bless to do.God bless u n ur family...
Yeah ok... Yo what happened to this dude kickin knowledge?
Watching X-Men: First Class, followed by alcohol!! :-D
In Augusta airport!!
. With the kids and I sick this week, I missed my #idevblogaday Back to the queue I go, good luck to the next in line :-)
Okay, I'm drinking beer with michelada mix in it. (I can't believe I spelled that right! :)
too cute! What's her name?!
Checked out our statement from our Spotify listens today. Good news is, you're listening! Bad news: all your listens totals to $2.10!
Question of day....Best game promo you've seen or heard of?
hahahahahahahahah that was my favorite one
#np N.W.A. "Straight Outta Compton"
excuse me chicken and smoke....
On my hustle. Beautiful struggle.
Yes, I'm not the biggest account here, but I do love Ariana with all my heart & soul. Have faith in her! She don't disappoint <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
RT - Cleveland Indians games, Cleveland Browns games, Cleveland Cavs games, Akron Aeros games and Cedar Point!
Gon get high az a kite and write my name in the clouds
You made my day extra special!!!! Thank you BFF!!!! <3 you!!!!
What do I have to do to get you to follow me?!?! :)
agreed. Jeremy found out because his ghost came to him :(
Be prepared for a rant from me y'all. Like what is with people out here? LA really drives people nuts. Being nuts looks good on no one.
well yeah you can't just mingle with ANYBODY haha
Work/Life balance is a fantasy. How about work/life integration?
A hard-on doesn't count as personal growth.
Fuck you college board!!!
finishing up my term paper...might be a little late to class today
OMG ME PLZ PLZ I WOULD LOVE U FOREVER <3
like having to deal with pain has ever stopped me before, consequences be damned :-)
I won my first game of beer pong thanks to
Hope you're having a great Easter Sandy! :-)
Just watched #americanhorrorstory. SCARY!
Thanks, you ROCK, my friend!
Had some "fruit sauce" with breakfast. I feel like a bonafide Benson. Lol
Great having you!
Cannot wait for Sonnen to whoop on the Bisbing until he's out for the "Count"!! Haha
Eff it. I can't nap now cuz I'll never go to sleep tonight..ugh
ha! Thanks! I love you guys!
Like I said before just because my tweet applies to you doesn't mean it's directed towards you, hoe.
tough series to miss! I'll cheer extra loud for you. I just picked up about 20 Tix too so maybe we can hit up another one.
#schoolmemories the way me and my team were well known by everyone
i want to hear Where Have You Been by Rihanna on
Is it just me or is Aaron Rodgers wearing "under armor" from the Bart Starr collection.
This kids butt crack is hanging out everyday... Nice air flow I guess.
Awesome list. My friend is in the Franklin Park pic!
Trained spotter reported half dollar size hail just SE of Lake Mills (Jefferson Co.) as storms moved through.
Got my awesome costume for my final/play tonight. I'm sure my slut wife and her lover are excited too.
That all sounds good. When you launch do a mention of us so I can admire what you built. Happy to retweet to promote it for you too
Woodfish with Zoso (Led Zeppelin Tribute) at The Starland Ballroom on Saturday Feb 19th! Get tickets now at www.woodfishmusic.com
Allodoxaphobia is the fear of other people's opinions
Thanks! I followed back :) RT : You've been followed :)
We'll miss you!
This Thurs. join me and Sat. I'm booked for a grand opening at a club in the valley. Details coming soon!
Did lakers win last night passed out.. I'm guessing they dint.. smhhh.
watching the news I guess there is protesting going on back home or something ?
Judging by my sunburn/tan, summer is here!
Going to play the first place team in kickball... we will beat them tonight! I can feel it
Congratulations and thanks for entering.
Well, guess I should call it a night.
Health care providers could ask about preferences for learning. What tools could they use to adapt info to learning style?
Well aren't you the sweetest? PS. When do you move? I need a catch-up date before this happens.
I don't know what I ate!
we all need a girls day together! Love u my girls!
Thanks for the follow. I'm following back. We're looking for a label for Interested?
If you have Facebook, sync it w/ your acct. You can see your activity log (every song) & other stats.
#epharma. Good social media policies allow enough flexibility for rapid responses - fard johnmar presenter
Ready for the CIC Digital Humanities gathering today in Lincoln.
Wtf a girl is still wearing uggs to school....
no im actually 56...still younger than you tho
I always find a way to spill something on myself while eating. EVERY TIME! why?
Went to get my S3 DVDs from 's The Wire Box Set and was crestfallen to see that it has duplicate disc 2s and no disc 1
Congrats to Spencer Locke who has just booked a Guest Star on CSI Miami!!!! 2012 shall be named "Year of the Pumpkin"!
Honestly, write the best songs ever. They are so poetic. I'm in love with it. I hope they never stop writing beautiful music. <3
Parents can help manage ADD symptoms by being clear about what behaviors they want a child to work on.
Happy mothers day to all the beautiful moms out there especially mine."
you hear the rack city verse on my fbook?
this school bus irritates me..its way to sensitive to the little bumps in the road and the rocks.
aww miss u too girly im at the death trap right noww <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><U+270C>
Great, but that seems to imply that it's not *usually* (which is good enough) used for reprints/reissues, right?
If a girl says "whatever", She really means, "I hope you get shot, Fall off a bridge, Get raped by a shark, And then eaten by it.
I know how you feel! And it hella pisses me off
just started reading Elizabeth Dyrud Lyman's dissertation "Visible Language in Theatrical Texts" and am already impressed.
Working w today!! HAM
I bet! Is it just you guys or is someone else performing too
House adjourned and will hold pro forma sessions until February 27.
thats fine love, and i kno you dont want to be blastin ya personal shit on the TL so you wanna DM?
Damn! You are right about that! 14 - 14 just like that..,
Your tweet got lost. I am so sorry. I hope you were able to get in with Iris when you wanted. She rocks!
I just almost died when i heard the rumor about Justin Bieber dying! D:
Sweet! You can now assign a user name to a Facebook Fan Page. Check out ours: www.facebook.com/boldtechnologies and become a fan!
Don't be picky, just be happy with this quicky! ~ 2pac
Great post, should be required reading for all managers/executives. Empowering individuals is more effective than giving orders.
[Actually Blue Valentine is a great film].
2012 film watching! #37. The Grey (Carnahan, 2012) Well made film, a survival horror film. Verry depressing though.
Near, far, wherever you are you better get to a computer because we'll be posting our big V Day screenings sometime between now and noon!
Why does school have to be so hard
“: I will have a Range Rover. I will have a nice house. I will have Armani suits. I will have money... Plenty of money.”
thanks for listening. Let us know what you think.
"My adventure tank is a little low." -
: You are butt at basketball, hahah.
Have a Good Day Twitter
B1 Live up!
insanity is not doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results. That's called perseverance
Happy Tuesday, friends!
Theyre nice its unnerving. But good.
If this feeling of soreness, fatigue and dry mouth progresses much more, I may just have to admit that I'm sick and go back to bed.
Farm Column: Dairy calf housing has evolved from stalls, pens - Fond du Lac Reporter
I already paid too late.
I really want to get a puppy.... Hopefully I can find a puppy that likes music. LOL
Found out reads the audiobook version of Ready Player One during the signing at Boswell Book Company tonight. Neat!
no it didn't work out! Lecrae was gone on tour:(
How are we a first-world country and haven't yet outlawed 1 ply toilet paper? If there's ever a need for Government regulation, this is it!
Buying loads of music to redo my iPhone
U See My Winter Hats??
just saw your message! what a jerk?
This is some kind of sign. I just found #Roadhouse on cable for the second time in three weeks. Maybe the #Rapture is imminent after all.
Mystery bird sound in our production track is really giving is fits. #wtfbirds??
my husband said yesterday.."man, youre not on twitter anymore...THANK GOD! LOL YOURE BUSY NOW LOL " 0_O lol i am really busy these days..
Ion know wuz worse......accepting failure or bein afraid of success. They BOTH bad n my opinion.
Catalogers, what are some differences between working in public and academic libs., apart from obvious classif. systems?
Boston says no - you have a proximity infatuation with bledsoe..he's not that good...boston could do way better
Pow!!! RT : pussy cat won't fight Margarita or PAC Man
yes, thanks. Proposal submitted!
the new Tokyo Police Club is ridiculously good
Love this.
Bulls & Hawks tonight $2 all bottles, $3 Call Drinks & Shots, $5 Bombs. Open at 1pm every Thursday
in the book, it talks abt forgiveness and trust. You can forgive the person, but that doesnt mean u trust them. So true.
Thanks love!
Never regret yesterday. Life is in you today, and you make your tomorrow. ~ L. Ron Hubbard
I hope everyone has a good weekend!
Overfilled my damned swimming pool. Oh well, so hot in AZ it'll evaporate quickly.
I'm my brothers keeper and we closer than a rib
It feels, smells, tastes, sounds, everything like a game day.
Haha, thank you!
Thank you for reminding us that it's lunch time. And yes, #cookies are for lunch too.
yes we do. We are ready to rock!! Hit me up anytime.
hey guys, at what point do i learn to keep my big, fat mouth SHUT?
yes very good! great workouts, great weather and great time with my family :)
Can some1 help me w/ my language arts? We had 2 pick a topic& say why something is dangerous & I'm doin cheer. Can ppl help me 4 reasons y?
Ed Lasowska on exponential growth of computing tech: Apollo strength computer now available in a
data doesn't take decisions, however it really helps you be more confident In the decision making process says
Yes?!?? Who hasn't seen that! And #BrokeDownPalace ... Classics lol
by the way I respect KNOWLEDGABLE and CLASSY female fans. Have a nice night.
#ThoughtsDuringSchool when the fuck am I gonna need to know this?
Education Notebook: Central Georgia Tech aims to help low-income, minority students
Another letter that baffles me: "As a business professional in the Education industry..." Um...since when am I a business professional?
Marcel says purple. Reconsidering my participation.
Found $10 pooper scooping my yard. I'm telling myself it is a Christmas tip from my dogs.
How was everything!
Some pol just dnt know how it feels to have a mother that does nothing for yu unfortunately I'm one of those ppl
When I was in the shape that I was in that photo I would go to the gym 3 times a week for a few hours and I was running with a weighted ...
aw you just made my day!!! #loveit #Twinsies <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF><-- that's us happy on our bday!!!
Dare to go Bare this Halloween! Between today and Oct. 31, buy a pair of shoes and get a copy of Born to Run or a pair of socks FREE!
Rematch! Brady is gonna want revenge for the ruined little measly perfect season a few years ago!
Saw "GAWW!" and a newsweek link, like "oh shit! Fresh is in newsweek!?" Shoulda known it was a picture of a damn cat smh haha
Imperial pizza and fingers
The Voice is so cute right now. Except Christina in panties......
Congrats to Nicki S. for winning the beast!
I know... but it's just so disappointing he didn't even try for it. Keep up the good work! Enjoy your show!
Got the #NewBing it's awesome!! Now just ready to win the #lumia 900 from
yeah its kraazy
thank you! I spent it grading but had a nice dinner :)
so very true, Guinness bottles tend to just make me sad. Unless it's their Black Lager which I really like.
Kevin Baggott's film HERE is now titled BENEATH DISHEVELED SKIES! I also have lead roles in other upcoming projects.
Being single doesn't mean your always available.
On The Score tomorrow- 9:05- Rockies pitcher Joe Beimel! Tune to AM 1510
Tip 2: Refinement - Refinement exudes sophistication which implies education and wealth or at least the potential for wealth.
Im always thinking...always
I don't mind Bieber, but that would be fucking great.
A higher Ed working group, been attending for years
Its been 7 days since we hung out
perfect got it -no its working
We are now on your smartphone!!!! Check us out at www.Wolfeyedesigns.com!!
Thanks 4 following me ! Nice 2 meet you here on Twitter! You are my 1st friend from UT. I have flown over but never visited
I would have to say it's the best of the joys of painting with Bob Ross! The guy is amazing!
telling myself I'm checking out #slpeeps for #BSHM but seriously procrastinating because I need to workout
Hope you snacked on one yesterday – it was National Chocolate Chip Day!
Switch scrolling so it's not backward. Everything else is livable.
Goodness,Rachell! Stunning economic illiteracy on your part. It's competition at it's best, with savings for consumers.
set realistic goals for yourself. unrealistic goals often lead to exercise dropout or injury
KPO vendors are constantly trying to improve on their language capabilities
At home, taking care of my son today!
Good morning followers. What a beautiful day to entertain. 157 this morning. I thank you all......
What are you doing fun this US holiday weekend? Sitting by the pool.... melting.
#Toyota #Corolla loaner base model was OK but a bit bland. By comparison, #Matrix is wagon, has sunroof, AWD, and stiffer suspension.
I'm getting lots of unwanted / unwelcome tweets either mentioning me or DMs. How do you stop these? Prob just made it worse, huh?
Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary...
Got a bad bitch look tropic, fuck me right & she shoppin.
keeper implies protector, which is what curate used to imply before it turned into selector. Either way, i like it.
Its coming...
EVERYONE FOLLOW FOR A HUGE SHOUTOUT! <U+2665> and tell me if u did
Saw my first card-holding hipster of the season. Oxfords, suspenders, chromed bike helmet, messenger bag, and tiny mustache all installed.
Still waiting for the day when Peter O'Toole live-tweets during a broadcast of Lawrence of Arabia
you're going to love it out there - I just know it!
Sweet Setup
Me either. I just made one to have it since my friends kept bugging me about it. I never know what to tweet about...
She's in Nicaragua
Got a mind boggling decision to make this week. Going to sleep on it and go from there.
“: top 5 beyonce song!” excuse me
There are literally hundreds of food additives including colors, flavors, spices and preservatives, that are added to the foods we eat...
and those were supposed to be the "good" white people...
The term "memory crickets" isn't used enough in conversation.
Dr. Marvin Smith is written about: stevehabib.blogspot.com Marvin's music is on: vimeo.com/bugalusmith
I just got a call from someone asking if im fat. It was so weird
The realist niggas say ya lyrics do shit for me
Will do! RT tell the hubby we said hello! Had lunch with the Doppmans on Monday in DC. Hope all is well!
Today's Daily O LTE from Councilmember Lawson should give us pause...
Who's goin to tonight?! ||
Israel, We loved having you as a judge (and Gazelle as a sponsor) - thank you!
Too cold in LA today, roadtrip to Palm Springs!
Awesome seeing you and the space shuttle. Did y'all stay for the last 2 passes?
It ain't really as hot as I thought it was.
Yeah, yeah, you betcha! Welcome.
#SD users. If you're near Pacific beach Surf Shop take a photo of the beach and upload to Earn cash!
MARISKA WILL WIN PICTIONARY!! sorry jimmy........
Hahaha! God bless you too!
congrats on the nomination!
Time To whack off then going to sleep.. lol jpjp I'm not even going to sleep yet.
Get it girl come on I'm prayn n fingers r crossed
Don't worry, it usually only takes about a day.
#stm2012 Looking forward to next week's conference!
for as much as we know about space and the depths of the sea, the complexity of the human condition seems an infinite mystery.
So pissed I wasn't invited to the Oscars despite all my nominations.
Oh yeah, the 1hr NISO eBook webex isn't just for my Open Annotation slides... cut, cut, cut...
I just shared an elevator with what may/may not have been Patrick Stewart. He was eating a bag of kettle corn. My day beat your day.
Call (317) 264-3585 to make a reservation at #Indy's favorite #Italian restaurant.
Thanks for sympathies! Nothing antibiotics can't cure but still. That sh*t is nasty!
let me get that follow back Rachel!
where is that??
van troubles, truly sorry!
Contagion: Another movie that makes me want to become a gun nut and get a two-bedroom apartment so I have room to stockpile food and water.
#mm come see us all at Firehouse 13 tonight!
double high fives!!
did someone hack your account? Haha
ahh sorry i didnt reply, didnt get a notification! -.- but ah right how come you see it in boston and not in lincoln? :o x
life, love and the reason for all things
We can not be so content in our lives, in our ministries, in our stuff that we forget that Jesus charged us with the Great Commission. GO...
sec211 I'll try my best to get there!
one pissed off bitch right now.
Today, as I heard on the radio, is the day The Beatles broke up. So I'm listening to them all day, well minus work time.
I heard y'all ,y'all r great singer follow plz
Massage is therapeutic for your relationship. Try it!
Bout to go to school and see my besties ^_^
Utah State's kicker is NOW qualified to play for the Broncos
girl I got nervous!! Don't ever fast on Me lol happy v day
Only like 4 good bands :( I'm so tempted to go to Nevada.
Man, that Cartwheels On A Gravel Road song by Lucinda Williams is great.
I hate knowing you crushin on someone , && you want them ....but cant get them b/c they so dumb NOT to notice a good thing
Thanks for the RT! Cbad Street Fair was great! What is your favorite thing to do in #SanDiego?
I find it amusing when people misuse big words in the attempt to sound smart.
Had a great time at Ladyface singing Irish drinking songs last night. Great titles like "Beer Beer Beer" and "Whiskey You're the Devil".
I feel irritable and overly aggressive if I DON"T have french fries and cookies...
I'm up cant sleep i havent bn to sleep alday, now I'm goin to eat popcorn and watch a movie don't know wat though, m :-!
slow night 50 -1 at bills gamblin hall.. couldnt get it going ... up 10 bucks lol bo self
did they really break up?
not currently but we may in the future for sure.
If that gecko lets you know whether he's British or Australian, will you report back to me? Legit request.
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless
Roller coaster day in the bucs sign Eric Legrand, bounty gate suspensions, now Junior Seau dead, and It's only 1:30.
ugh. coffee is starting to make my tummy hurt.):
Exciting final day on the set of "Wolf Trap". Congrats to cast and crew on a very special production!
Hey buddies! Try it now!
I heard your book is on the shelves, congrats! Can't wait to read it
Turn to you
followback,is Sexy related to sexy tweets
What are you in the mood for? How about or Edo's Squid
YEAH!;D
Hello my tweeps how's it goin?
I won't be at HH, but Saturday sounds fine. I'm thinking of hitting up the startbucks between your place and mine sometime soon!
Thanks so much!
oh yea i saw that
Haha! I have and agree.
At oaks park on thisbeautiful day family day today :))
omg I told u we had the longest convo by 2 sec and u hung up
Singing " I never thought you'd be the 1 make me shine brighter than the sun"
Or...anywhere in LA.
Come Check us out @ Peppers in Broad Ripple on Saturday night!!!!
Just seen the march down Market St... F@#ing Awesome!
#YouNotUglyBut your cockiness level should not be that high .
K, Lsu lookin like ruskin right now
Good Morning (:
I am SO lucky <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
So important to have photos on fb. New timeline is image driven.
Working, Indian food, work, Ugly Truth with some Frenchies
Getting ready for work:
All work and no play does not describe a WAAL Conference - 2009 or 2010.
Worth a look ": Checking out the #NationBuilder webinar with There's another one Tuesday, worth a look!"
I can't stop thinking about the application of the over-the-top technologies concept to whole genome sequencing. Sure I'm not alone in this.
Bittersweet. Have a huge stash of unused iPhone USB cables from over the years. Glad they are updating it though.
Quit hiding behind the filibuster and do your job! Jusrt give us an up or down vote
I am so in love with Adventuretime. Finn is my man.
My past makes me who I am right or wrong bad or good I dont regrate my past or who I am today..
I'm so jealous of because she's dating Zac Efron and I'll never have him. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Wait...did I just hear the Republicans say they are going to "caucus to listen to some music?"
Feeling a sour gummy worm craving coming on. It either means that I am getting creative or just really stressed. Fear, it's the latter...
just finished the hbs partners panel for ASW...what a difference a year makes :)
Visit us at the Assessment Institute in Indianapolis, Oct 30 – Nov 1.
<3 ritee I go to sleep listen to music
Gov Patrick:"people actually want more service, longer hours, modest and totally appropriate expansions like Green Line to Tufts and beyond"
Hollywood is pissa. Let's make a shitty movie like Battleship and sit back and think... How can we make this really shitty? Add Rihanna!!
the starting two guard on the Detroit Homeless squad. RT : Who the hell is that?? lmao
I know bro like I want her back! I feel like Jasmine Sullivan! :/
I'm real late. MCA from beastie boys died! Man my entire youth is crumbling before my very eyes. I'm that old guy saying "this was the jam"
I am so pissed
also.. I want to steal his hat. I could totally rock that
It was what it was...maybe next year.
hello gorgeous!:)
always! & i need to visit you guys soon :)
I just wanna cry
This one photo has it all in one place. The family dining table -the 50's - a time of peace, prosperity and cool stuff.
RT “ I'ont brag im gone let yo nigga do that for me :)”
Who has swipes for the cafe?
WOW - so sad : RT : BREAKING NEWS: Beastie Boys rapper MCA, Adam Yauch, is dead at age 47.
haha! I'm worried I did clean out a few tweeps I didn't mean to!
I would half to watch it again..
Get the latest on Radiology by attending one of the many Small Animal sessions brought to you by Securos, Universal Ultrasound.
haha your probably right!
I been good. How about yourself
hey u wassup
sick, huh? More like travisgetshometoday-itis
true, true... I need to come back to lakeside! Hey do you still have that "lakeside basketball" shirt? :)
wood and prior were awesome RT : Man, 2003 was a long time ago.
Someone by my locker is wearing way too much perfume.
"If you end up with a boring, miserable life because you listened to everyone who ever told you how to live your life then you deserve it"
Of course! We love to tweet about our fellows' activities.
I'd like to know if the thermometer in my car is broken or it's really 59 degrees all day and night every single day.
Hates when plans fall through.<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Why all the historical angst today?
Just got some bus tix to a client near Pike Place Market
wats goin on...i wanna b down
Cool, I be right out. Btw I never wear a suit!
Need an update on vps305 server and when it will be back up!
Giants in an unbelievable performance upset the Packers!
awesome Ben. Thanks for the follow. Connect with me on Linked In too if you can!
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. ~ Winston Churchill
Oh three door slams. Yeah, that will teach me.
guys who play #baseball are so hott.
Ohio polls closing in 15 min to repeal SB5. Save collective bargaining rights. #public sector workers
My committee straight out the septic tank- SHITTY.
#CowboyNation game on!
“: heyy how are ya!!!!” I'm great! It's bright and sunny in Nashville! How are you?
Have a good day everyone! XOXO
so have you moved to #NYC or do you just have a apartment to stay in the week while you do the five?
Thanks for the RT Simon!
u betta be..but we shall see one another when its warm and time to get naughty :)
lmao.... if it was me I would have stolen their car seats!
According to , I'll have better luck in Texas!
OMG. Just saw the news!!! So awesome! Congratulations! There are not enough exclamation points in the world!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Packing up everything in my room basically has taken almost a week...haha
My e-mail love fest with and has been rekindled, for now. All is right with the world.
Ask about the Tour of Scottsville at Charmed Butterfly Boutique on Valley Street, across from Dollar General.
Remaining calm and keeping your head is one of the keys to success. If you allow yourself to be an emotional out of control mess, you lose.
Customer Testimonal from 12-28-11 Luke Miller is haven "Smokin Good BBq" for dinner.... o god its so good!!!
Something tells me not trust her , and I forgive and what not , but nahh cuz something tells me its all for attention.
Good mornin! Got a great nights sleep!
I'm with you. It has been way too long since we shared kimchi prepared 95 different ways.
Thank you for leaving alone
Nov 2010 was the #teaparty taking back control of elected officials, the fear in #republicans is not disquised, 2012 is ours not theirs
I'll be gone after 1:30 today, but will be here most of tomorrow. You can also just leave by my back door anytime.
we're powering the Entertainment section of TBD. Let me know if you'd like to chat about it!
But wait......I didnt put that hickie on your neck.
Race for th Cure today at Boom town, please stop raining!
I finally give in and try to join Pinterest, and now I'm on a waiting list?
thank you Delanie!!! Same to you :)
The only info confirmed about the release date is that it's later this year.
#Carmel holds off #Kokomo to advance to the regional final.
so happy it's christmas week :-)
you are going to have a craving for a few days my friend. We are closed thru Tuesday.
I jus ride in a ride with my top down. Big enough for all my niggas
Kobo Partners With Dark Horse Comics
great job at #PRSAICON your talk was the perfect mix of strategy and tactics, nice slides too. Thanks for the education.
MALE PROMO MODELS NEEDED for #SXSW event on 3/15. Must be TALL (like 6'6") and VERY muscular. msg me for details.
: I like to follow me peers. Lolz XD
I have a feeling I will be checking in on Get Glue a lot.
In Mexico, legs have potential third degree burns.
Man, I just had to unfollow Kareem Abdul Jabbar. Dude wouldn't shut up.
could use the help instead.
What's up big-balla shot-calla!!
Amen Kissy! RT : "If u believe that which u think u can do, there's no room for doubt." -Lil Wayne
I hate you can only follow 2k until they followback i have 1,877 followers wtf
"MAYBE THE KNICKS SHOULD BE SIGNING HIM UP"-Generic Lady News Reporter. This was stated on TELEVISION. I just barfed.
Oh yeah. Sun is shining. Classic Colorado t-storm
i bet they will come out great!
follow back? Please? :)
Sci-fi as early adopters of word processing & writing abt it in history of writing; connected to productivity & profit
today has felt like one of the longest days yet. #where'ssummer
you don't know your email? aha (:
Tappin the keg!!
is my kind of woman! Gorgeous and funny! Her show is El Oh El funny. I dig it.
thanks for the follow, it was great meeting you guys yesterday…West Sac proud!
Love talking with potential clients and breaking down the steps they need to do to rock their online presence.
Please look back at your feed from this week and follow/friend and support each other.
Gorgeous! Try Buffalo Joe's for wings while in Evanston.
Know a biz in Ecuador that has a deal with Garmin to offer GPS Guided Tours - Makes me think of an Amazing Race theme.
Heading off to #Bumbershoot today for some live music, dance, theater, comedy, authors, films, art, people, food, boos, did I miss anything?
don't forget. mavs tomorrow. am i catching you on the train?
dial up.
I appreciate all of you who come out to my shows and tell me yea I like this I don't like this it Helps me improve and I love u guys 4 that
Great crowd for Losing my Religion! gives a powerful and funny performance featuring a large collection of characters.
Gig update - Guitarist Graham Dechter's trio this Wednesday evening at Hotel Laguna On The Beach, replacing Josh Nelson.
Bug eyes for days.
Long week done. Whew! Off to gym & w/ #StudHub for all you can eat rib tips at Famous Dave's! I think I'll stick w/Turkey Burger!
you ready to rage in AZ on saturday? Because I sure as hell am! Yeee haww!
The awkward moment when ur preschool teacher now works at Victoria's secret!:/
Basic bitches always bragging about their body and face, but never their brain.
is 7/12/13 the date your going to a 1D concert?
Connect on your patio or porch, enjoy the new view - Milwaukee Journal Sentinel
This week is starting off good af nd should end good af
Any #Java Developers open to relocating to Charleston, SC? I have a #perm gig. 6 figure job.
Yu Wei's Canadian MamaLinda just told me how wonderful your recital was at Mt. Royal last fall. She thanks you.
What the fuck is with these bells teasing me when I want to leave already
why can't you?
talk to me baby, that I like ;)
The site itself asked to fax my license, ss card, bank user name pw. THEN money stolen from my bank. Internal?
killing me softly
writers are still there, but the fight to bring great stories to life requires allies.
It's going down kickin it !
is volunteering The Marine Mammal Center tonight.
Kate Upton is younger than me. I still think I have a shot.
O lalala!!! LADIES it's our Night!!!! Meet me at 7pm out at the TIKI BAR!!!! Drink Specials!!!!
Ohh and a disclaimer.. don't watch that clip in my last tweet if you're easily offended by cursing. Just a heads up =)
We're going to get spammed again? DMs are working again. Look out, Twitter world.
put the phone down now Mark! :-p before it happens again lol
thanks for the
heh, yeah pretty last minute little trip!
Congrats! What kind of law do plan to practice?
Chickin minis... travel size for your convenience.
The shinbone is God's way of helping you find furniture in the dark.
I love you Tom.
You want to get a tattoo today?
"You need to do better"
Thank you to everyone who attended the #SCCMayor Candidate Forum last night. We'd love to hear your thoughts!
been listening too "Happy New Year" since youu released it <3 love it.
I have fishing lures the color of Baylor's.
the first time I used the app, I kept getting asked if I was lost :)
we were jumping around my living room like we just won the super bowl thanks for a better Monday at work.
hey how are ya?
batting practice.
Can we all just appreciate my last retweet. The man has just gotten engaged and THAT IS WHAT HE DECIDES TO TWEET.
: Grades work really well for one group: elite students.
Check out on this Sunday's episode of
So I didn't pass my permit Test <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA> gotta go back tomorrow and pass it !
I got compared to Dora
Call Derek I thought they said the other day it was the last Sunday. I could be wrong though.
This is the official music page for rich n reckless also Known as R.A.R.E
im about 2 hav 1000 people i follow but i only hav 279 people out of 873 but im still gratful tho i just want a little more followers
That was EXACTLY what I.needed! Lol
Can the Red Sox please fire Bobby Valentine already. I'm not even a Sox fan and every time I see a highlight I cringe! Bad Bad hire!
Real Shit RT : Never say "I love you" if you don't care.
Some Democrats were rated lower but no Republicans were
peggy and cersei lannister from #GOT are the top luscious ladies with balls of 2012. at least in the running...
come back at 'em strong!
Thanks for joining! If we missed any Interests you'd like to see added, let us know using
Im just a bunny that wants eat poop and sleep
Go.It's not like you are ever really here anyway...
See you there!
All these couples at the movies to see the vow while Im wl my cousin seeing journey 2
Water bottle time :)
This app sucks ass.
RT“: "Hey hey hey hey, smoke weed every day." This is the word of the Lord.”
RT : S/o my beautiful mother -Happy Mothers Day Ma , I LOVE YOU 2x !< That's my boy! I love you too son *hugs*
Portfolio on MWWdesigns.com
They are our century's greatest art form!
And I wanna erase but I can't stop seeing your face.
Opening: Attorney with real estate experience and concentration in construction and project management. JD & 4 years' experience required!
Hey, I'm a geek standing right behind the account profile. Don't be afraid and talk to me directly.
thanks for RTs! :) Made it through the storms ok?
Happy Birthday to one of the realest bros I have
yep, apparently dey didnt know... BUT now dey do..
Bout Ink My Whole Body Up I Don't Really Give A Fuck…
a CEO never rests! there's always work to be done
we has a jealous RT : Kinda cool that my work day consists of a brick workout. 1st up a Corporate Challenge training group...
someone explain what's going on
Pursuit = An eye movement where the eyes smoothly follow a moving target in space, like a car, runner, or a tennis ball.
RT My wishes: 1 earn money w/out working. 2 be smart without studying. 3 love without being hurt. 4 eat without getting fat.
are very frustrating to watch!
National day of prayer....should be everyday!
Dave, I'm sorry about your dog and thought you might appreciate: goo.gl/W6CLW
Dylan, you have done EVERYTHING for us. You haven't done anything wrong at all I promise <3 don't listen to the haters.
For the record, I'm a JB fan. But for him to go out of his way to call TR "ordinary" is just him being an asshole.
I feel like a hobo walkin the streets with my trusty backpack of trust.
go to allen's event and cab over to graffiatos
Woo hoo! Picked up my new DVD player from #LATISM tonight!!! Thank you #mifordlatism !!!!!
how to you say it?
For someone who said she liked blindsides she didn't seem to happy about this one. :-0...
We are new to twitter, help spread the word of our services. The BCBA exam is in May! Do you know someone who is getting ready to take it?
for $3 pints and $10 growler fills it is an awsome beer. Besides, this is our round 2. We kill a keg in 45 minutes yesturday.
Sour gummy worms = best after school snack ever :)
watching #thesimpsons and denis leary does a guest voice, and a commercial with denis leary came on. how bizarre.
"Santorum has lost a little juice." - Michael Steele on today's Morning Joe
Take that vest off, you look like Aladdin.
My parents<<<<
How did your Favicon turn out?
Shout out to #loveyou sponsors
Really could use somebody that drives right nowp
My heart stops everytime tweets <3
we'll do our best.
Follow Back...
At the 12th Annual Hollywood Holiday Celebrity Toy Drive Extravaganza...
aight got u
Everyone is performing with a freakin posse. And just when I thought it was going to be a lil difficult to cover this event lol
HELL YEAH WE DOO!!! If we don't im gonna DIEE!! ahah But we will hang out and party, and make this summer BEASTT!! :)
u got the other shirt out for me??
RT : Let's get this trending across the country! RT : #millerparkopener is now trending in
's The Fault in our Stars: haven't cried that much over book in while. But it's so funny & well-written too. Great read!
Sunday is a good day to clean all the stink out of your life.
Not the best but how are you guys today?
Who ate a whole quart of organic strawberries for lunch?!? ME!! I DID!!!
This show is crazy!!!
Volim te, I hope you have fun lastnight. About that cling status, yes yes yes. It was very annoying, haha. Thanks for saving me!
Driving in circles for a half hour cause I'm early
Hope bosh will be back soon but it's not looking good..
Walk into every relationship ready to get hurt... & just hope that's not the outcome in the end...
Yes, I did just make a corn dog and fries at 10:20 at night, big woop, wanna fight about it?
hahaha and if u go to settings and scroll down it will say what the contact is for his ipod
so enjoy your evening my dear :) yes true :D
Just found a hardbound copy of Bram Stoker's Dracula with Edward Gorey illustrations at Goodwill. Score!
“: “: what up gang, can I get a follow from ya??? HOLLA” oh yeah! HOLLA!!!” that what I'm talkin bout
Me too! Haha
Starting the day with some conditioning!
MN GOP leaders float stadium plan Vikes, Governor & Mpls can't do. This allows blame shifting to team, Gov & City if team leaves.
tonight's the night have to avenge the heart-break from the other night
As a girlfriend, you learn that girls are gonna try and get with him, but remember, your the one he always comes back too..
You're welcome!
S/O to now on Twitter. Give him a follow!
yeah I wasn't gonna fight him but alright
I'm on board with 2012 predictions. RT my 2012 prediction there will be a presidential election... we will still be fucked
I'm smiling! You bring me JOY. I miss your face!!! xxoo
U MUST B High???": Heat don't want no beef wit LA.. "I ain't mean to push u" gasol had Bron Shook! Lol"
hit-and-run
Blogging idea 3# How often do I need cleaning for my home/mansion/castle ?
Haven't taken a shit in the house in a while. Today may be the day.
When im bored I take pics and delete most of them -___-
y would I be mad that he is with NO?
Love the blog! You guys are great!!!
being rushed by my brother<<<
Sunday afternoons are rough. 'Nough said.
let me know if you need a mix for your record. I can even help you out - VERY subtly - with that pitch issue.
Do you think TPers realize that 8 signers of the Declaration and 9 framers of the Constitution were IMMIGRANTS? EGADS!
Cool, small market Milwaukee has done it 3 of last 4 years..
thank you god for waken me up this morning to see another day
awww:( that's so sad .. but funny
For financial health of BP and ability to pay Golf, they should keep their word on the dividend if more investors are wanted
Good Morning to the ! Happy Friday ;)
Spring practice is so boring!!
Starting the day off the right way. Hitting the football field
Madison Geeks Inc is located at 6502 Odana Road and Potomac Lane. West Side of Madison
Only one day left to take advantage of the end of year $120 off savings!!!
Fujifilm X10 camera review - Technology Today - San Francisco Luxury News
I think a new phrase was coined last night
sundaybluntday is a hit! our marketing and promo manager thought of it! We also do "greentickets" & "tweetreats"!!
sad to see the boyfriend head back to Colorado this morning...now back to real life
Memphis let Marc Gasol go to work tonight 21 points from 8-14 shooting 7 rebs and 4 assist he's just about their best players
pullin for Tech but the page kid for ok state is impressive
RT : It's amazing how much one person can mean so much to you<U+2764>
Ultra key in Adobe Premiere is simply awesome. One click of the eyedropper and green is gone. Didn't light the screen evenly? No problem.
Its my birthday ah!!!! im 14 Yeeaaahhh Buddy!!!!
I know but I still love her because she really did make a way for me personally. But you might be right???
Ok baby <U+E420><U+E412><U+E412> lmaooo
I bet he has an associate named Robin. Test that too
Awesome goal!!! #believe!
ah! awww little sister is following me too! :D #Blessed <21 love love love The Sanders Family!(:
Canadian scientist unveils giant feathered dinosaur find
The Lord is #FAITHFUL! Even when we, the situation, & others r not, He remains steadfast & true. He WILL deliver on His promise regarding u!
just got a bong -_-
uncle Steve is my hero.
YW! and thanks! feels good to be 14.. bahaha :p
no freaking clue! Should probably change that this summer.
thank u for coming to my presentation #ux study large card sort analysis. My pleasure to meet u.
X's on the back of her hand, wash them in the bathroom so she can drink like the band (;
The greater the obstacle, the more glory in overcoming it. ~Moliere
That awkward moment when you almost say reporting for Krdo news radio while on tv.
Hit me wit a follow mayne i gotta dm u
we can eliminate the risk by sending you an experienced professional team that will have the job done quickly and within budget.
I meet yesterday at work he hella cool people (:
tomorrow New album "Day After Tomorrow" hits stores! It got that FIRE! Something for everybody
doing playing ps3 with alex and his cuzs
What sense does sight have?/You make what you own true.
Everyone trusts NASA NOAA re recent solar storms, yet many choose to discount these same scientists re climate change. C'mon!
haha thats how it should be my mans. And yeah life been going well. Where you been at though?
Oh my god this movie is not Road House, it's Roadhouse 66. NO!
I wont even if the skies get rough...you like how I threw that in there haha is my idol it has to happen one day
Hey what's up? Watching the it crowd.
and why do you suppose the bean has become the icon of Chicago?
Dawg. Why kids always gota play with every toy.
Can you send new email address by DM? Want to invite you to speak at upcoming SPJ program. Thx!
having a surreal experience listening to a band covering marc anthony, niel diamond & barry manalo @ dierfield beach.u know ur in fl when.
Not been back to the office yet, but I remain hopeful they saved me a crumb.
Mojo's World WILL be available to the public by Friday, March 4.. or by Saturday, March 5 THE LATEST!!! I'm SO excited for the new site! :)
we will conquer the epidemic of illiteracy in this country together Mr. Daniels. Help me help you!
keep drinking. rub some dirt in it.
Better. They are going to do another surgery if hes strong enough in few days. Hopefully then he'll get off of ventilator- thank u
RT : We have a fight. Close round. Not as many clean shots for cotto. Mayweather steals it with last flurry. Rd 9 mayweather
How do you spend your nights, honey? Still watchin tv? I long to be in your arms honey, come back to me
Im following awesome peoples. My wife and I love him and who else oh YOU if you want hehehehe YAY!!!!!!!!!!
I guess Chuck Pagano!
To the mouse going into the lizard tank happy hungers and may the odds be ever in your favor
Doing just fine. How about you?
The movie Hugo is worth seeing in 3D. I really enjoyed it.
I OH an HR convo today too. Best line: "...and you thought telling her that her butt was getting big was a coaching moment?!"
It's Noon do you know where your #OldSchool is, its the Back in the Day Cafe DJ on
Girls golf: Wilsonville sits 5th after first day at state at Trysting Tree. Juhee Lee is third at +7 79 -- 6 shots behind Caroline Inglis.
We had a great talk for this article, ; may I use some unused quotes from our discussion in other pieces?
todays one of my boys told me don't strive to be different, people play and people get played it's a way of lifebut #immalovernotaplayer idk
When you want to retweet someone but their grammar is not perfect <<<<<
Biggest loss: a whole week closed to the public :( our power still not restored. Too bad lost admissions can't be claimed!
..people need to hear that...I know I can use it every now & then...
I first read that as relying on "Jack and Coke" to get me through the morning....that was fun
I Need a day where i can just relax.
Taking a break with an update from GUSA.
SOUND OF MY VOICE at the Landmark in 35mm = bliss.
“: Life happens. Adapt. Embrace change, and make the most of everything that comes your way. Goodnight.” (: <3
alert coming this morning stay tuned
Thanks for the follow! See ya at lawebfest!
I hope it's not like last time when my back hurt &&' every little thing hurt ; like laughing or breathing in .
Twice in one LoL match, shot and finished by an Ashe from halfway across the map.
"Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality"
A question in harmony: Why is fries and ketchup taste good, and C with E sound good ?
let's just say what I heard you couldnt hear on radio. Off air stuff I'm not gonna go into detail it was their private matter
My sunday morning ritual of coffee & Meet The Press all alone has been replaced with Seseme Street & milk w/ my munchkin.
Orange-spice pancakes, are you SERIOUS!?... Why yes, yes we are... thanks for asking!
Cats are more sensitive than humans to medications, especially when they age ! If your cat is not feeling well, talk to your vet!
Happy you had a great stay -- Come back soon!
get your picks in now....SF over NY....Pats over Ravens....Pats over SF...lock em in...
Director of Fellowship Programs Nicole Stahlmann reports on 2011-12 competition year.
At home sick AGAIN!!!!:/
why try to fix what is already broken
Loving the feedback we've been getting so far! Glad you guys like our Spring issue!
Temporary Delay of Troy Davis that is Great News!
The music and actions convey the story just as well as if there were words. You get used to it pretty quickly.
what happened to my report/block spam option?
first of all, i deleted those. because i realized they were stupid. secondly, OUR PARENTS ARE DICKS.
some japanese guy pitching for the Yanks. please let him be good.
So On...... , kisses Xim, you need something? We are going to the grocery close to the Canyon.
Tonight: Start 2012 on stage (2 of your best songs). We have exciting new changes designed to help your career! Club Pyramid, NYC. 8PM, $15*
It would be easier I make a list of things that I don't hate rather then what I do.
i like big dicks
He went to the musical
he's going to be so confused when I ask him tonight. He won't know where to go!
well babes I'm off 2 bed! Sweet dreams! & night to all my bitches!! Deuces!!! ;)
Thank you for your Tweets. :)
IKR and bye
Girl wobble it and ill gobble it..
Not many faxes anymore. We still get some from class members submitting claim forms.
I hate ron artest, metta world peace, whatever you call that dirty nigga
so you're saying you'd rather have a team's jersey with FL's colors than the #bengals? WOW! #wheredidwegowrong?
Lol, my bad. I said people not guys. Piping down now. :)
You smell like onion burger farts and swizz cheese
Did you mean Draino, ya drug addled fuck? I have to admit I wish youd stayed, these guests are lame and ur presence is bad 4 Dani
Let me ask a couple questions and see what we can do :D
I should have been but wasn't feeling well 2nite. Bummed. Can I get a recap 2morrow please??
broadcast journalist , but ... I mite just do the army , simply b/c I no I could get that job. In the AF its rare.
Ooh. LEAD looks good. I need to join that.
Made it to the barber shop a lil late today.... Now I sit and wait!!
ya that sucks y didnt u try out?
Fake friends leave cause they counterfeit.
You only guess? I think I'm pretty amazing :)
At NOLA Restaurant & Bar in Palo Alto. Photographer videographer commercial Napa wedding bay area silicon valley siliconvalley
You can try to make someone hold on to you but if you not "IT".... you just not "IT"
had to stop in Tennessee would of missed it. Darius is killen it
thank wanna see what he looks like?(:
Hopefully I can actually get through school today.
Sometimes I feel like you don't miss me as much as I miss you.
king james what u think enuff said king is the only title u could put in front of it
#GOP VOTERS have pledged allegiance 2 "Billionaire Bullies" whose 1 goal is destroying #DEMOCRACY & establishng PLUTOCRACY 2 rule Americans!
Setting up the foos
This is not a drive by
Both derived from perceived immutability. Social norms change, but very slowly. And nothing to be done about hormones.
This is your chance to open up a southend bar/live music venue near your home, Chad! Keep the name intact & Do it!
Also, Happy Valentine's Day to my homies , , , , , and ! Love, Todd
Happy Little 5 Thursday! One day to go to Women's race, two to men's. Such a great time to be a Hoosier!!!
fuck man, when did get shut down? yo, keep that shit up... just email me the pics youre still gettin ill post em
you stay outta jail?
lol. some might say that.
Calling by sebastian ingrosso and alesso
I did that many times through the years. You gotta do what you gotta do!
will there be a fan fiction panel?
So Arsenio called Aubrey a bitch. Is that cool now? For an old man to do?
Check out for Transatlantics latest Live release.
YAAAAY!!!! I stinking cannot wait!
HULU.com, if you've returned your DVR to TWcable, hulu is the place to go for commercial free viewing of your favorite shows. Mine=FRINGE
Another day, another boudoir photoshoot groupon.
#FF Chicago Favorites
Reality starts tomorrow
the registers are down at work and now we have to resort to handwritten receipts. fabulous.
Montika gonna have a hot booty hole
join today for free coach and players we are free recruiting resource for both players and coaches
Come hear @ 11:30 AM on 4/22 as part of our Yom Hashoah Day of Commemoration. Performance is in Pan Pacific amphitheater.
U BETTER TAKE A PICTURE WHEN UR BRACES R OFF!! PROMISE US!!! :) <33
p.s. spotted your bro walking down main. Wasn't quick enough to throw some verbal confetti out the window
LOL I bet he makes a killing selling all that, but its got to be super heavy!!!
RT : Seth Godin: The only thing that is scarce is attention - they are not making any more of it."
Yeah It Is that was beast
Java / J2EE ( Non Bank Related ) Developer Position Available - Immediate Interviews - 90k - 95k - Permanent Direct Hire Position - Charlot…
Chasing Cars - Snow Patrol ..
Huge thank you to and for letting be a part of such an amazing opportunity! We Choose to Matter!!!!
Oh shit!!! I'm so Damn nervous
No. I made friends with the PA at NPT and he follows porn starts...
My body isn't a temple. It's a maximum security prison for fat.
BALL SWEEP!!!
So what if I get loud when I drink. I'm just being assertive.
Just what I would expect T. Boone Pickens to say. He hasn't lost his A**. He's doing just fine rolling in the oil profits.
Good morning everyone.
Honda Sets All-Time Monthly Records for Automobile Worldwide Production and Production Outside of Japan
sexy dance for your birthday. Roll with it.
I scoffed at the notion. Mr. Lincoln nodded. "I have known Hill to never find himself in a close place he couldn't get out of."
Yes! Remind me when you're in the US next? Let's connect via phone when I'm back from holiday...
Oh my god me too lol
RT I've been reading up about personal brands and I'm confused. How are personal brands bad?
I need some new pics
Follow The Coupon Deal & find offers on hotels, restaurants, health & beauty and many other merchants. We're happy when you save!
just watched Ultimate Brazil. Rizzo had many opportunities to triangle Tank but never attempted. Has BJJ come long way or what?
#30WaysToMakeAGirlSmile Get her something you think she might like
Ah - very good to know. I'll pass the info along. Thanks again for your prompt help!!
I don't fight, I just train right now, but my boyfriend will be fighting soon.
"Work is not sexy. Luck is sexier. Effortlessness is the apotheosis of sexiness." From my forthcoming article on accomplishment in music.
Will not see the light of day for a long time.
you gonna answer that or leave us hanging??
OMG i know him he is like so desperate :P
shut up nobody want to hear dat
Thank you! I hope to see you ... well, 'soon' might be pushing it I realize, but you know what I mean! Long overdue.
Does anyone wanna run the Madison Half-marathon with me in May?? It'll be fun....
beautiful as always! love when you made the jump to your upper range.
True Introspection is looking into self, seeking Gods image, and determining that while your image has changed it's still nothing like His!
Great meeting with and’s at #GartnerSym! Great to catch up and talk about
Since we are still here you have a few days to see the art in "aPoPcalypse Show," Function Design, Decatur. www.treetopquartet.com
I want to see Phyllis Diller in spandex.
It's been a pleasure. Apprct it. “: I really enjoyed the podcast series. Thank you.”
#Apple's new #iPad HD/3 announcement should come tomorrow. Don't forget all Twitter/Facebook followers and clients get $25 off new iPads!
Time for the #Cardinals to trade Rasmus while he still has some trade value.
You have to love Collin's passion. Not many guys lay it ALL out EVERY game.
Wrote a song about Things That Are Green today for I.AM.THOR.
My twitter update says "Frank Greer followed you" but I know don't follow nobody
Why didnt you come to Chicago with !?
That is a classic pic. Not as good as Manuch/Lou Ferrigno but still a great pic of the voice of reason Kevin McCabe.
such a beautiful baby boy! I have a little guy who is one month younger! He's jealous of Skyler's wardrobe... And hair!
We read the world wrong and say that it deceives us.
By the by, we are planning on switching to a wordpress and buying a sub $50 theme. Any recommendations?
and order criminal intent reruns & crows during commercials, til liz and the kids get here.
If all of our wishes were gratified, many of our dreams would be destroyed.
#sixseasonsandamovie. . Perfect ending to the episode. #community best.show.ever
Taking our annual Azul/BIP team photo at #SWSA Bay of Play.
I said I'm over you. But every time my phone vibrates, my heart still wishes it's a text from you :((((((((((((((((((((((((
I know. An old lady right behind us just caught a fly ball on her thigh!
counting rings dont have nothing to do with what going on. wasted response. just get ready for another 2nd round exit.
Steak make me a strong Muthafukka!! lol
Basketball always clears my mind
Meet me by lake at 10 if I'm not there just call if you need a way there you can ride on my handelbars
big results require big ambitions
The Spring 2012 Mini-Term starts Monday, February 27th. There's still time to register
Today, I dance Fandangos for you, my followers in twitterland!
this last bit of hump day is a tedious climb
pink white u??
Welcome to my little music world
Ask kids if they all want new iPads, but to get them, they have to put a CocaCola logo in the classroom. Teachers love that.
just got news that im taking your class on January 27th!!! so excited!! omgomg #speachless!!
you're 15 too?
maybe if were going to attend the RIGHT school you could help him spell on the regular
My anxiety just got a thousand times worse
If you find it, let me know!! :)
#pasta #studio #7pm “: Bike issues...both bikes down The double chin remains. Maybe I should go back to first true love...running.
haha ya I'm ok(: it was 34 degrees today, it was really warm today compared to what it is usually like.(:
i wish I could do the crazy shit criss angel does.
Gotta give a shout out to for his win! I got caught up in the Gabby thing, but you were awesome. What a comeback from worlds!
How dare you think you have me all figured out!!! Especially when I am still a mystery to myself...
RT : Theme of estrella upfront is "dare to be different"
Oxy Mo: Bride Groom
in my bossmobile
I'm preparing a 3-hour workshop for tomorrow on transcription tools for scholars of the ancient Mediterranean. Any suggestions?
:OMG!!!!!!!!!! I can't talk but I feel like screaming
Another connection severed. The tension no longer in the line. Crippling silence.
I'd like a "hidden list" mode, don't show me what others have said, then add my unique items.
Check out other JDV hotels on Twitter: ...
It's chilly outside! With a Rec membership you have access to the pool, fitness classes, open gym, & weight room.
Lean is not a panacea (nor is it pancetta) « Amnis News
Sharepoint: It's what IT told us to use.
me too! / RT : I wish I was attending presentation right now.
im so excited to see on if only i was on the show with the both of them...
I think i'm going to Belhaven. You want something? Lol
Nice drawings and interesting read about her journeys!
Hey! I'm doing great. I'm loving the free tracks. :D Keep it up! :)
#SalemOR Wreck on Cordon Rd, just north of Sunnyview. 1 Lane getting by.
let's pick a time to meet up
40 shootings. 11 murders. All in the first 12 days of the year. Looks like Drew Brees isn't the only one breaking records in New Orleans...
On the bus .. I see a girl that looks like a barbie doll but shes really pretty!
Don't tell -- he'll never let him live it down!
"#Silence of the Lambs It puts the lotion in the basket!!" -- maybe I'd like to keep the lotion! It smells like vanilla.
Gus Johnson is bad luck for my bets.
Ditto :) RT : Much to do before my catch-up (not catsup) lunch with And then, much to catch-up about!
I can't find my pen. It's the only pen I own/use and I can't find it. This is not looking good.
"The unprepared speaker has a right to be afraid."
Why yes... though there is no snow in our Narnia...
NYRB's supporters singing "I wanna be sedated." I suggest they watch what's going on on the Red Bull Arena pitch.
Sandy Point! Gotta #disc golf wisconsin!
errybody lovin my game of thrones status update on facebook! hahah i love wine doe for real!
I was getting my license
Your Welcome and Good Luck!
Sunday fun day! How r u spending yours?
Thank you for your support! RT : I had a blast! Such a great event!
Thanks for the rt See you soon! How are the widow makers today?
never mind, i see your avi .
Happy Saturday Everyone.....studio bound
Happy Hump Day! DYI Tip: Did you know that landscaping can prevent burglary? Keep bushes near doors trimmed, they make for hiding places!
Budget Committee is considering a recommendation to eliminate $279K for the recruitment of firefighters.
Friday = #TacoNight! Come see us!
I really should get going with my task list.
For some reason only 2 of the 4 NCAA Quarterfinal matches will be webcast on Friday. Dear NCAA
homeboy loved the ladies.
how did you manage to do that? Ouchh poor vinny :(
I don't get it. Why is Montero even on the roster if you're not gonna hit him for Martin right there?
Ran out of cereal this morning. Crushed up a bag of #Oero's and poured milk on top.
Then she says ok 7! BOL
checking email, Facebook, MySpace, Twitter, and LinkedIn... Then, off to the wonderful land of Norrath to escape from this world. GN
anytime, sweets. (:
i loved watching you guys on punk`d
Congrats!! Enjoy the write off for newbies :)
so cute!! You have to send me a pic!
Don't remember who said it, but I love this: "I haven't failed. I've succeeded at finding what doesn't work."
I will fight til the last drop of my blood.
RT : #Sunvalley all tweeters in SV tweet (RT) #Snow gods be good to us and deliver the freshies
Love when people lie about stupid things.
Prob wouldn't be as long if Xmas wasn't next week. Replace wheel & door, repair back 1/4 panel, alignment. Guess that was it.
oh and you betta be at the EIP graduation ;)
Wow, bad things keep happening in our upcoming destinations. 1st Halong Bay, now Christchurch. Praying for the people in NZ.
Happy Halloween! What kind of costumes are being donned today?
That moment when u publish a "Happy Engagement" in the newsletter 3 days post break-up. Awkwaaaardddddd. O.o
have we met??
We should've sprayed perfume on them yall ;)
Kobe should rock the mask all the time now.
Nothing makes me feel so old as being on a college campus.
I guess I should be thankful that Wiley's has produced the Air Farce book; The Doug Henning biography is still not in Canadian bookstores
Wonder how much time Indy is actually gonna take here
HYFR (or in non-Drake speak, huzzah!)
had fun but too much of crazy busy
thanks, I am! Have a lot of good things going on. Life is good!
took a nap/life/grading break from it, about to head back to it in a bit. Thanks for asking.
good to hear :)
thxx for following :D
Pool Season! has the Palms on lockdown
I would rather be alone than to be disrespected and mistreated by a nigga
Ghostwriting an article on cat diabetes. Did you know cats also get Type II Diabetes and have to get insulin shots just like we do?
This Scale Is So Off Balance! Idk How To Make It Even!
Judging by his physique, I'd guess Popeye's a pretty accomplished masturbator
I was pretty late on that response lol
we so excited. If only rebecca black was at coachella...
He is amazing. C.ongrats on the follow
Fed's anti-family farming plan - no one under 16 allowed to be higher than 6 ft off the ground. How about a play set on a farm? Just sayin'
Going to bed! I'm tired and horny!
RT : Life demands focus. Forget the past, its gone. Don't dwell on the future as its not promised. Focus on this step. Now. << \m/
Today I learned I can hit a golf ball about 220 yards
In there! RT : Just got a booth at the Dub Car Show & Concert! It's not a game....at all!
Black, right? No cream and sugar?
sounds like there is no official closing time yet, I was told they'd close betw 3&5pm, whatevs that means
Lolol #chopjobz RT are u sure? U cut all his hair off afterall!
Ugh I hate when I can't sleep in
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow???.......
must try. can i drag my hubby around by his hair?
Awesome sounds like a good time! Peanut butter or Regular?
Worked out so hard, I got dizzy! It was awesome.
I'm taking a drink of her drink that's how you know were cool. --haha. Love Sadie.
thanks for the follow.
Bored To The Maxx
:D followed
then he can star in Saved by the Bell the retirement years
...and also writing software to assist me in my method as I write. So I've had to reconcile myself to the idea that this could take a year.
thank you so much! We appreciate it and we hope your wife loves her ring! :) Take care!
What a lovely thing to say. Thank you. MT "I want to frame some of the sentences..."
Important emails are always best written with a drink in-hand.
Guten Morgen Thanks for being new followers and welcome to our twinning tweets!
You ever keep thinking of really fucked up jokes to get a bitch to leave you alone?I just told her 2 rape jokes in a row and...nothing -_-
We just added different languages to the CloSYS website. Take a look at www.closys.com
Thanks, Jovi :) This is 2 years in a row that an ICTC alum has won the Golden Apple - very very exciting!!
Now if we could also get to open a second location ... RT Java news: Metropolis Coffee to open a second location
It's great to see so many communicators here for our Spring Conference. Thanks to Shelby Healy for being our MC.
is on Sat., Apr. 16th at the Battery Park Power House in the Detroit Shoreway. Omar Vizquel showed up last year. Will you?
Really wish our weather would be a little more consistent.
Confessions of a homeowner: I love the look and smell of new mulch.
Saw new #Batman (DC) trailer before seeing #Avengers (Marvel) movie. Both were awesome. Childhood coming alive.
Thanks Andrew!
Is this accurate? I believe it is being broadcast...
LOL. I'll introduce you to plenty of people here. I'm all hooked up.
I love your obsession!
Getting ready for the "Best of 2011" contest. My favorite time of year. So fun to see them all together. :) Stay tuned.
jury is taking it all in. Jury includes a microbiologist and a physician.
you sound like 90% of my patients...
hahaha so good !
And that was br sarcasm. I'm thoroughly enjoying myself.
perhaps a sub-category that is aligned with you?
OMG-that sounds SO delish!
If doesn't grace me with her presence its murdaaaa
New music coming soon
River riot tonight.
voice over's for video...gonna be HOT!!!
just had a little earth move under my feet.
Please follow
Art never comes from happiness, most artists live in a constant state of depression.
haha, I should be with some buddies later, I'll throw in 10. (same thing on Ortiz fight) Hate it though, cant resist
We've been trying to get you and the guys down here to brew beer. I figure the easiest way is to ask. Come Brew Beer?
": What is YOUR favorite time to workout- morning or night?"- night! Im not a morning person at all!
ive been fine and you?
I see you found out about the new homeless drug craze, Jenkum
...not many around Towson, or even in MD! I have a handful I need to add, but you can always view them @ www.maurajensen.com:)
niggas quit callin dont worry ill be there when i get there
You can't have a #healthychicago without nurses. See you at the ppls health fair today 11-4 @ 6337 s Woodlawn
where did you guys go out? Curious for next London trip
smokin some sour right about neeooow
Totally agree!! Take care!
radical kid I tell you...
A lady wit kids dnt care bout the kid jus wnt the government money...
Last time I tried wordpress.com doesn't allow iFrames either, so that trick won't work
Thanks for sharing our blog post Kiri!
I agree 100% Buddy! :)
but why do you like everyone to see our conversations?
A private number keeps calling me../: I'm not answering that one! Heck no
They also hit 10 threes. Wow. RT : 62 = the Spurs scored 62 points in the paint in a Game 2 win vs Jazz, a playoff record.
aw man where's it at?
Lol. I thought that's what I heard. RT "It was not God's will for the Steelers to win..." - Ray Lewis
Hey,Thanks for the follow. SUBMIT your work to www.polyphonyhs.com. FYI, I'm a West Point Grey-er. Org. Seattle girl....
I don't have much experience with white papers. Do they normally read like a term paper from someone who skips class and owns a thesaurus?
I found it hard, it's hard to find.
Working with YMCA staff to open two outdoor pools (Montgomery & East Bank) by June 5.
Learn from yesterday. Live for today. Hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning. ~ Albert Einstein
Just read a letter about 3 kinds of creative folks in L.A.: Dreamers, Drifters and the Driven. Sounds like most web teams I've worked on!
Come on #dragrace #PhiPhiOhara for the next drag superstar
To answer my own question, it would appear that German catalogers translate edition statements.
Sure that's not a problem
depends on what ink is used some pigments reaction to sunlight different
Shout out to new followers RitzyKitchencom
Luck McGregor is the funniest kid in this school
Scratched my dad Beamer. Lol DENY DENY DENY!
I love being able to block numbers.
Good luck in H2$! :D
I think I will wear something green, yellow and sparkly maybe with some Twinkle - goes with my logo!
Sneezed n coughed at the same time thought I was dying lol
good luck! 15s are on fire!
My pilot deserves a raise, a metal, a cookie, a badge, etc for navigating my itty bitty regional jet in that wind. I need drugs now
Renewed Calls For End to Animal Testing The Humane Society of the United States (HSUS), Humane Society International (HSI) and LUSH Cosme
Hey, is there a George at the zoo?
Bought a dodgers hat today, don't hate me or gotta rep LA and can't cheat on Seattle.
see you out there!
Tearing shit up with in studyhall.
A superstition is a premature explanation that overstays its time.
love you for sending this and so many other things gorgeous !!!! ;) holla @ ur beauty! ;)
My sense is that we disagree where the line falls in this case.
thats not your block is it? Do you know the victim, or folks the building/house?
You go glen coco!!!
Good Morning Tweetie Pies! Have a grand day!
Tweeting about twitter session for journalists at #spjmadisontraining very meta… Like a picture inside a picture inside a picture inside ...
Hiroshige style painting at my shop! W.shadowglacier.etsy.com
When i can't find the english translation online and have to accept that I will be reading this novela en espanol
She's or wonderful eyes, and a whiskey mouth... I like the night life baby, she said.
Ha, porn companies will try anything.
Thank you to the West Hempstead Civic Association for hosting me last week to discuss the improvements made at Hall’s Pond.
Thanx for sending the #soundscan report via email...That's wassup #weedropweerock!!!
merry xmas uncle forrest thanks for sharing your wisdom with us all.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : Next time a bitch call me asking to help change a flat tire imma tell her to think like a man
Thank you, and thanks for the follow :)
ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE WHEN YOU BELIEVE!
Its some dumb ass criminals in the world
At the Alley, bout to catch Element and Digital Underground. This was the wrong night to leave my gang of freaks at home.
RT : Wisconsin German Shorthaired Pointer Rescue will join us this Saturday, June 11th from 10am-2pm with adoptable dogs...
Is really looking forward to my Jessie Pavelka calendar shoot tomorrow! Yay, my first published calendar with one of my favorite subjects!
is there a summary of this somewhere?
I like a lot of stuff on A lot of different voices, not just one.
roc always gotta be doin sum thin
Off to Philly tomorrow for the Educause conference thru Friday.
That was the most bizarre kiss cam moment I've ever seen. What was that?
DM me your address, we own our way
RT : "Excited to see what's about to happen in Iowa!" is a sentence you only get to use once every 4 years. (cc: )
Missed 2 dance classes already dohh :[
“: Happy mothers day to my mom who doesn't have twitter” LOL CLASSIC!
I guess that makes it an egg mc. Yes, a "DAD" joke! AWESOME job today!!! #soproud!
Haha I'll tell him that when I see him tomorrow.(:
I'm having my piano moved in tomorrow, do you want me to measure yours in case you want to give Walsh a call?
Horse racing!
Note to all ~ do not leave strawberries in a car that contains a air freshener. Wow.
Pun intended? RT Either some poor schmuck is actually named Penisenlargementpatch Jones or this is a spam post. I hope the former.
Pop a RubberBand !!!!!
huge fan, look fwd to follow twts, im also in recovery, root for ya everyday in 2 ways: life, then bball! God Bless brther
I just want to sleep. I dont care about family dinners D; jk..jk..
I lost my Axe Body Spray :/
hah you too :))
#NFAIS12 Kunze of UC "our ordinary conceptual system of which we both think and act, is fundamentally metaphorical in nature"
I'm about to take a shower :)
True we have a lot to learn from each other and Keep it up
“: Someone with clout needs phone Addenbrookes number 01223245151 help someone please.” in UK call patient advocate
#GirlsLoveWhen You treat them like they deserve. Hold them when then need it, nd love her more than anyone else could
Get it together guys. Where's the cool blood?
Paulson fund in the red again - China Daily
I am on it! #BEHS!
Mcnabb em got one more chance to take this game...betta work
It's a kinda day tomorrow! #TheDalyShow & #privatepractice finale. Be #aLittleLessDouche and make it a Daly day! #
Im loving the info u kickin today<U+E405>
I will jot stfu an what?
my pleasure! Look forward to sharing more in the future!
it's fun next time they have one you need to go to it!
too much wine :)
Thank you for the follow!
yall ready to watch me.
don't get too comfortable up there, we still need you down here for fall soccer at
SO, since my Twubby is an asshole, i need a new one until he can get his act right. *looks at twubby* mhmmmm. LOL
But No Really, Why Im I Still Up.?
#HowImGrand ...Is because im me and only me i believe in my dreams because of And im proud (:
for #chinesenewyear decor shoot.
Great day to be a southern Californian sports fan!
Done. Count me in! I will so be there to get my deep dish action on ! I am so hungry now.
you replying to all those girls gave me hope that you would reply to me...but thats never gonna happen:(12
#Ravens select with the 130th pick Christian Thompson Safety from SC State...solid pick at a need position
got some new music coming at noon from
Wow Dieng got a tech?What is going on in the world?& Chane misses another dunk. If Marquette can't beat us maybe the ref's can...
Thanks for tweeting! Can’t wait to see your official video for
<<< This guy.... Thankful for you guys :)
Everyone go get #BOYFRIEND by on ITunes. We gotta get it back to no. 1 #TeamBieber <U+2665>
Long day of working in Cbus and now I am ready for pajamas and my bed
Good Morning.... Happy Saturday... to y'all
I remember going to see the movie "Dolores Claiborne" in the theater with my mother and her friend. I would've been 13! Such an adult movie.
Awesome party at House of Blues- Chicago! Thanks #taleoworld!
Turn on the lights, I'm lookin for her too
Dont force me into things.
I haven't seen "Exit..." Thanks for the suggestion.
In school, in ART yayyyy! Love ART :) <3 Steph should be comeing in soon!
Is this an oxymoron? In business and in life you always need to plan for the unexpected.
And a nickname was born! via Victor "the express train" Onyshchenko cc/
pleasure following an MC I grew up to.
people: good. boars: bad.
EVERYBODY CHEATS!
The sun glitters tiny rainbows on fresh tree leaves after the rain storm.
A man who fears suffering is already suffering from what he fears.
need PLANT MANAGER candidates in ARK and South FLOR. #hiring #poultry #jobs $$$$ and relocation assistance. Send resume to
Off to the meeting. Good Morning :)
Guy on bike before me dripping sweat gets off bike walks away - no wipe down.
LOVE your attitude!! :)
- I am at a spa - I think you need on. Especially a nice massage. Check #Rancho La Puerta - you will be happy.
411 people that I follow are not following me. Follow me back or i will unfollow u!
Ok yes I will miss my job.
I have an uneasy feeling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
: waiting to hear your thoughts on #ToB12 so far. I know u loved Salvage the Bones, did u read the competition?
#Path announced $30M+ round of founding
Thanks for the intro HOo! Would love to chat sometime Jim and get your thoughts on our project!
- oh and thanks for the P&L worksheet - super helpful.
Morning legalers....what's on ur plate for today? Any good projects ur working on?
some do because they have a muscle medical condition where that can't put anything up there vagina.
You would fit in well then, Haha.
Snowbound at home on the day of the Snopocalypse 2010.
why does it feel like its IMPOSSIBLE 2 get 2 follow me Guh?oh ya its JUSTIN BIEBER! lol maybe 1 day he will NEVER SAY NEVER(:
And I need to start steeling my heart for more tree-destruction this summer. :(
i hanged out and had fun dancing the night way
awesome! I haven't checked the weather tomorrow but if it's nice let's ride at 6! :-)
": I'm exhausted after watching that rachetness!" Girl me too
For no reason
do you think you will have a day where A Fan Could Spend a Whole Day with You bahja ?
Having my Ferris Bueller moment looking at the large painting by Seurat. All I need is the Smith playing the background to complete it.
My 11:11 wish is Love ya
ing to bed, heart full & happy, knowing that BLACKBERRY: a magazine will be funded tomorrow & sent out into the world in less than a month.
hahaha they like, well now what?
Peking duck!
with Blue I now have more context around composer Zbigniew Preisner and his work
Beat my dad in basketball FINALLY!!!!! 21-24....got him with a TRES LOLZ :)
yeah, I think he would have been in even more trouble then he all ready is, if he would have said a black man did.
I still love PB&J, best sandwich. Not toasted.
NICE! will be jamming to it soon
I know how u feel been there
you should....
Not me! RT : So it seems like everyone hates the wave. Who are the people who like it?
Sweet story!
Thanks! I had always pegged you as a Hufflepuff--strange! :)
Fuck it, bitches.
Looking sexy right now… If you call an ogre sexy.
: You there?
Came out of Kroger to winter. Where did the snow come from
#Np 'just begun' reflection eternal
Today was a good day...
itching to figure out a good self-management program
Cann I hate one because I find their voice obnoxious and their in-ring skills lacking?
Is it sad that I'm loving the #Yuckalert Chaos with to much sadistic glee. #Atheist and #Muslims Vs. wacko #Christians and
welcome, good sir.
Need more coffee, last post deleted. Pls visit my personal blog here & RT if something grabs you. Thanx!
Not to mention parents!
Apparently through no fault of my own I have been judged as a Walker stalker!!
thats what he said apparently
Stomach is hella sore and feels like its turning inside out is this what working out twice as hard for 2 weeks straight does?
we'll be ready for ya!
anyone know who won the voice?
go get a new phone lol
ABSOLUTELY! RT Chocolate is totally an essential part of a balanced breakfast, right ?
are the carriers which are in checkout list are final?
when my mom's driving and I get road rage and start dropping f-bombs left and right. hahaha. sorry mom, he almost hit us. it was needed. d:
Night time is the worst, because all I can do is sit here and think that when I wake up in the morning this isn't going away. ):
Girls don't get pregnant and don't have unprotected sex at a young age
Go listen to and new EPS today! check out AHP #facebook page too!
i know, there so thoughful!!!! there was one Alan hayden in my bed last week tho, he promised to get the fumigators at it! lol
don't regret anything you do, because in the end it makes you who you are.
"All That I Got is You"Inspiring empowering song abt how poverty impacts children and moms
you are so right ken!!!
Countdown at my current job is 9 days. Big plans in place for after that, and big plans also yet to be discovered.
If I get a sun burn again today I will cry
Who want a follow from me..? If you do then follow for an instant follow back!
thanks. On my way but not there yet. Later today or tomorrow?
if you're here 31 FOX
Watching the NCAA finals with my boy Kentucky!! (guess ill root for them since my team didn't make it thru): lol
help me out peopel with more followers plz :D THX
Show on July 31st at Arnetic in Deep Ellum!
Another Saturday, another wedding to shoot. I swear, I am going to reclaim my weekends very soon.
Thinking about deleting my twitter -.-
Mini-Mary's $2.00. Coffee is Hot. Open. NFL Ticket.
after visiting I have the desire to leave all this excitement behind for a life with programmers. You're all very impressive!
T-Blades Rule
So mad is in San Antonio Today and I Can't Go. :'(
"out by midnight" ha! ;)
Upshaw to Baltimore looks brilliant right about now, yes? T-Sizzle done for season w/ youth Achilles.
#nokxl Barry S. We can and we will win this battle.
did you tell her about the emotional experience you had with the bearded man? If not, these words are lies.
Mobile Devices Can Be Windows To New "Augmented Reality"
Trend? I'll Have Another. Stay Thirsty? I'm looking for a horse named "It's on the House!"
you're welcome :)
hmm, I'll have to check when I'm back in the office.
Thanks for the follow!
I love this great weather, I have decided I hate rain I just want sun or snow.. Go Giants!!
His clinic is unique in its follow-thru. They do targeted home visits to follow up with clients and utilize community members to do outreach
Got Some Diamonds Round My Neck No Fugazayyy
Don't forget: Ludacris tickets are on sale tomorrow at the Hub at 10 AM, $20, two tickets per Suffolk ID.
Yes... I agree. Native was a wise choice on #Articulates part. Looking fwd 2 testing...
It would have felt amazing.
-plays sadder song-
it is a book by Mindy Kaling, hilarious!
If you got a stupid message from my acct. asking "this you?" it is NOT from me. do not click on it.
im going to sleep...bye
Its kinda cute how u can give in full detail everything u like about me
Are we reuniting this week?
One time I died while pooping.
you can download snoopy street fair on any apple gadget! you will love it! xx lol xx
Witness prep in Seattle later this week; environmental matter.
When are bitches going to learn not to take their clothes off on camera when they're menstruating? NOT SEXY.
I know I'm still getting the hang of it. I like it tho.
HP Mini Notebook up for grabs tonight!
Its funny how people change.
Are u sleep
Just try and see my bad side lol
#MyCelebCrushIs I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS TREND!!(:
Storms scare the jeebies outta me!
I need my new rims ASAP. Not having a car is killing me
It was! I got some great ideas on using LinkWithin and Yet Another Related Posts Plugin. The latter seems to work better...
See the new doc "Strange Powers: Stephin Merritt and the Magnetic Fields" Thursday, 12/2 at 7pm -- filmmaker in attendance!
add me on facebook @ devils advocate
Lol! RT : " why u never spoke to me in high school"... " u didn't look good in high school" thats real.
Fuck a bitch name trust
I must say Brandy & Monica look great in this new video.
OMG I'm like cracking up
newts a RINO too. Pretty hypocritical to talk about undermining the 2010 agreement.
Personally, I take Jack
GOODNIGHT GUYS feel free to ask us question KEEP SUPPORTING ask us to follow back now befor we fet even more bussyTI AMO
Sorry Longhorns :) but we are still having fun. Thank you and come join us!
Push me I'll push u
Very excited about the builders that will be attending the Exchange event: Ashton Woods, Homes by Towne, Lennar, Bowen, Home Creations.....
Just scheduled for his next mixtape release "Final Thoughts" coming April 21st via promo!
Seriously impressed by #halftimeshow. Way to go
The Magic Castle is on fire.
#civilwar FOTD. On this day in 1862, Joseph E. Johnston, outnumbered nearly 2-1 @ Yorktown, started to pull his troops back toward Richmond.
Love it when groups outside the Library host public discussions of our books. Want to read The Book Thief in October? Message us your info!
I can't wait till its 3:05 :-)
lolol :D what grade are you in?
RR should throw the red flag on that call...
The debate was just interrupted by a tornado warning.
Transcript of the President&#39;s remarks in ceremony for UK
Always a plus!
Don't let the snow stop you from enjoying your weekend! Stop by for a Birrifico Bruton Momus-$8/glass or $25/25oz bottle
I dislike him...ALOT
The Alero in CP sucks, but the one in Dupont is better than Guapo's.
LOL! It has bits of real panther...so u know it's good!
good stuff on today.
So many #140cuse tweets. I think TweetDeck is going to blow up...need an alternate hashtag.
I hope everyone has a great weekend!
Time to bite the bullet and work out again. My quads are still hurting from Sat's Bmore Half!
It does seem fitting.
Duh. I wouldn't dance for free David.
I believe in Guts' Rights. +
have you tried it speed racer?!
I donn't remember how I got home and I am still really drunk lol
YOU JUST WANT US TO PASS OUT AND DIE DONT YOU? thats why you posted that viddy. not that im complaining tho ;)
Giving the Lord your dream is a sacrifice, finding out He loves you enough to help you fulfill those dreams is priceless.
I don't trust the church or the government
The 7yo DudeSter & I challenged ourselves NOT to dance at the dinner table while listening to DYNAMITE. Head bopping was allowed.
What's your take on it, after 3 weeks?
Have a specific group to respond to different types of complaints. Separate team for content curation.
Yeah Doc is staying in Boston! Now we just need to convince Paul to stick around, c'mon Pierce you belong in Boston!
If i catch stupid mono i'm gonna be pissed
aw! We're twinsy!!
Some friends I have these days just suck
I'm not as dumb as you hope I am.
iIf they had weed names like Kung Fu Panda i bet that shit would b smoking lolxxx.
You're so welcome! Great panel! : Thanks for coming to my #ASJA panel, Melanie!
Right on!
Lobos game this afternoon... Go Lobos!
sometimes second chances work out better than the first because then you're able to learn from your mistakes.
so happy to go to france without my dad only mom for 3 weeks ...
Haha hey Uhh I'm not here a lot any le haha?
om my way hm
It's lunchtime, I'm hungry
I hate when its used but do you think R knows more about Greinke's 'condition' & ZG would've imploded if game was in AZ?
Hope to see you at the #osdbuconference tomorrow! Let us know if we should stop by your booth.
but we have to keep the house clean because I have family friends coming over on Saturday!
mos wanted crew i'm dying
Like us on Facebook! "www.Facebook.com/goodbyeblueskies" RT to your friends!
A Holiday Post: Santa & 8 Essentials of PBL: Santa Believes.. Do You? Share/enjoy
Skipping the dancing girls on stage. Considering RUSH music instead...
RT : Giroux impressed me as much as anyone else, but before we anoint him he best in the game, let's see him win a Cup ring.
Cars by Snow Patrol <3
someone took my stapler from my desk, can Contact 6 look into this please? ;)
"It's ironic: I'm allergic to grass and I'm drinking grass..it's like Inception."- while drinking BarleyLife for her allergies
If you looked up 'incredibly beautiful' in a dictionary, there would be a picture of you.
Father Frank Pavone, Priests for Life: “We don’t need a year to decide what we are going to do because the rule is unjust.
Yesterday, found letter to same office from Elias Howe on behalf of an employee-former soldier
Yikes on the Strasburger !
#InSchoolTheresAlways that teacher that could scare #satan right out of you.
NY Knicks about to give it the Heat. Real talk.
Chicago, and you?
who's excited for summer olympics?????
Been back frm NYC 4 almost 2 weeks & I'm STILL draggin' azz ...next time at LEAST 3 whole days, cuz 2 @ the pace we were moving was bananas.
When I sit by myself in my room my dad start talking why u sitting alone why don't u sit with us.When my bro sit alone he never talk to him
big fan
Our client would recommend "George of the Jungle 2" ;)
4/29 @ 2 join the FFL 4 the Women's History Month Annual Tea! Join us for music, tea and more! Check the link 4 more info...
Today i work on getting the Fall catalog together! This is going to be very exciting.
#Currently catching up on some me-projects
Here's a tip...Trying to wake up from a good sleep? Try to energize your senses by #writing a short 4 line poem that describes how you feel.
Following your dreams is not enough! You must believe in yourself and GO AFTER YOUR DREAMS! MAKE THEM HAPPEN DONT LET THEM HAPPEN
I've got good friends in that neighborhood.
yo wassup with those videos and interviews
OMG I SAW BIGBANG ON MTV IN SERBIA
gonna game on battefield the first one that is,lol c u guyz later
Huntsville Police spend hours chasing renegade cow - WAVE
You look cute today
At the airport. Waiting on my flight to come... just a few more hours!!
Any scheduled time off that PO's have within the next week may be canceled
Say what? Tonight was the #Oscars?! You don't say...
please follow me?(:
All that damn makeup on my sweater. U gettin a damn hand shake from now on
Mario Williams is in the house for the Sabres game
If I can smell your weave a mile away... smh
"Never stop learning"
im bringing sunglasses. hahah
Another good superbowl!
Or to Texas! We have some great lakes here!
Sounds like you guys could use some caffeinated to help you through the night!
my hubby is a tattoo artist, so I know a thing or two ;) why can't you mess w/ your neck?
Entrepreneurship: living a few years of your life like most people won't, so you can spend the rest of your life like most can't
Good night all peace out!! ZZZZzzs
"blue cheese or die fuckers" ... I want that on my tombstone
You're moving up there?! :D When???
maybe i should actually start tweeting
Just saw the commercial with the lady trying to prepare for #BlackFriday HILARIOUS!!!!!
Thank you Hanover, for your excellent research. ": Thanks for the RT!"
I gave some Mambas to one of my 8-year-old students. He'd never had them before. Now he's addicted.
Lol, presto! I will make sure to brush up on my Italian before I come ;)
Everyone on my high school reunion facebook page either has kids or is bald & I can't remember most of them. Now I'm afraid I'll break a hip
That sad cloud's probably back today. But in Maryland, singles and families of all sorts, we're just going about our business.
you still streaming tonight?
(Q) Who do you multitask on producing 4 Instrumentals at the same time? (A) All I need is 3 cups of Coffee, 1970s Marvel comic, and netflix.
I feel that Digital Libraries would be enhanced by having a class mascot. Perhaps a kitten or a Corgi puppy?
Another lame weekend. Only ten more days of school
Working on next issue of our magazine Small Town Living. We publish here: www.stliving.net if anyone is curious - oh and its FREE
I'm So hungover
Staying up again maybe c;
so happy to be here!
Don't know about getting you a great deal on Oats and Hay, but with a #TallyCardz you can save a great deal EVERYDAY!
statute w/ increased penalty by discretion if it was simple possession,was not used or not attempted to be used in other crime.
thanks for the follow! Can't wait to connect!
what did you get John?
RT : A smart girl kisses but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left.
It'd sure be nice if text-shadow looked the same across browsers.
If you missed it earlier.. We'll give away another round of FREE passes to Disney's latest movie... Watch at 6:25 this morning to get yours!
net is on grass. That makes it field hockey, which means you're a woman, which means you're a dyke.
you know the feeling and weren't showing us what's up on event day?
yeah, i have their first 2 albums. the first is a grunge-lite classic.
While reading it to my class today, I was reminded yet again how good a short story "The Most Dangerous Game" is.
the studio ready son..its just waiting on you
S/O to and fam for letting me in their basement tonight..
You know the conversation is boring when you're about 5 minutes in saying "how was your day"
yellow helmet
only 5 episodes in so you can EASILY catch up. ABC - Thursdays at 10 pm. you can thank me later.
one day, lol one day
cut my lock.. Steal my '11 novus..Took month found another new still in box cross country, I think I'm the winner here still!
thanks for the RT! <3 and happy new year!
Screaming "FLAVOR FLAV" while dispensing your yogurt isn't required, but we certainly do encourage it.
what happened? /:
This kid puts GTA IV in my Xbox and screws up my TV
How are you gonna be in a relationship with someone but you're acting single
UnderGround Tonight @ the Wesley @ 8:07pM!!! Ben Donley bringin a great word tonight hope to see you there!
dear sweet god.
Museum as iPhone app - "Museum Free Version! Upgrade to Museum Premium Version! Hm...
Had a great weekend? Don't want it to end just yet???? Head on down to today for a yummy burger and a delicious Stinky Gringo
Hey, nice work! Finally, a timeline that doesn't work against the default user behavior. (Scroll down, duh!)
This game can be boring
Bureaucracy has changed the course number of Digital Storytelling. Bah! But you can't keep a good story down. Like a phoenix, it rises again
Thx for the shoutout and -- looking forward to your insights!
My body is so ready for Warped Tour.
RT " I'm not a woman that needs a man, I'm a woman that a man needs!"
Sickens me that so called HUMANS posted that trash. Classless.
maybe because you think they're full of it? Hope you get a chance to catch up on sleep soon!
"In a certain way, we all share Don Juan, Lucien de Rubempré, Papageno, the Venus de Milo, Madonna, or _Friends_."
thanks so much. I'm proud to be from NHP.
Nokia Siemens slashes 23% of workforce in effort to save €1B Nokia Siemens Networks (NSN) will cut 17,000 jobs by the end of 2013. This
Watching an idiot abroad
Text FacebookPJ to 90210 for a chance to win a free pizza weekly! Normal messaging rates apply.
: Thanks for following!
That too. Heck, Objective-C is written in C, so, yeah. :)
is that the one on north avenue?
It bothers me when girls hate on others for being pretty. Everyone should appreciate beauty in all forms!!
Back to School wine tasting tonite. Join us from 5:30 till 8 as we sample 5 new wines & lite bites. 10% OFF all purchases tonite. Cost $5
RT - NFL Mirror League - AFC pick 7.12: I selected J. Thomas (TE, DEN). Baltimore Ravens is on the clock, and New England ...
I love getting cake from my coworkers :)
How high is on MTV
you should never forget its a classic!
He just called me Big Head -.-
DANG,g2g c ya later
Come in today to get your air brush tan all set for the weekend!
stay in business as an new company?
She was a little trill, but NOWHERE near this ratchet lol
I need to go to fan outfitters to get that platinum Jersey!
"skinny's the new lightskin" -
can u please follow me back!! <3 please austin ;)
--> Bluegrass is absolutely good for the soul!
followed me(:
If anything, my #jour111 students clearly worked very hard NOT to laugh when that happened, a fact that, in turn, made me want to laugh.
Tis a bit chilly out
Ice cream makes everything better!
Good night to you as well, and may your dreams that you hold dear be the ones that come true, just for you. Best wishes.
cheese cake left on the breakroom table lol
Say, what was the awesome iPhone charger you were sporting at SXSW called?
Can't wait to meet Austin Carlile for the 3rd time
waaaaah light up shoes used to be my shiiiiit
Good seeing you at Thursday's follow up to Build On! A great meeting of Chicago Arch. Entrepreneurs...
I thought you were one ofmy best friends and your gonna forget about me?
Anything to feel more confident in an interview.
I did :) did u?? And thank you.. I hope u have a good day too
Who wants my phone number I need a new buddy/friend texting. RT if u want my number :-) i would love to give it to u
Wow, 11 police cruisers at the Seal/Orion/Ambassador hotels on south Aurora & 120th-ish. Anyone know what that's about?
Thanks for the Saturday love!
Saw some nice actors for my next project today.
Be even kill never get to high or to low stay in between when it comes to actions.
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe : When people take long to say the grace for & I'm Hungry AF .
im at a funeral!!
Yea, Wall St Protests.
Early Mornings, Because I Promised Myself Nomore Late Nites
I blame u on the dead batt. Prob left iphone plugged in. Reporters.......
RT : It feels good to quit your 9-5, even if you don't have another job option. Follow your dream
sounds riveting for that over 65 crowd.
love you(:
I think so. I know that they definitly cannot reply to or retweet your tweets. They also should not be able to DM you.
RT : ODE gave KnowledgeWorks a shout out in the Alliance for Excellent Education webinar this aftermoon
the singing bee is singing Jolene and all I can think of is <3
lol come drink out the boob holders lmao drink of ur choice
Like you ideas. Growing my own food and cautious shopper looking for options. TFF!
Pretty sure I just saw someone fall off the stage during rehearsal just now….
Slight work RT TAKE A SHOT OF LISTERINE THEN GET TO THE $$$$$$.....
Sigh, can't be there until Wednesday morning
Context rules: license tag (GROUSER) could be just cranky. GOT WOODCOCK bumper sticker to the left says cranky hunter …
I'm not really into indie rock. With summer I think about Shooter Jennings' "Fourth of July," Gangstarr's "Dwyck"...
Today's tour options: a Dearly Departed scandal bus, a stroll through Venice history, or a hike high above Hollywood.
Jump-start your metabolism with breakfast. Don't just grab anything; include protein for sustained energy & fiber to fill you up!
Everybody is a genius but if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it'll live its whole life believing that it's stupid. Einstein
I can't really say I really haven't listen to jyj >.< I know I'm bad lol
yes. I'm still laughing....
Suzanne Collins, writer of #HungerGames, also wrote Clarissa Explains it All. Mind blown.
who u tellin I'm tired of lookin at our videos I want da real thing
Craziness! That's why I stick to "The Maine" .... instead of "Maine" .... Haha.
hahahaha a cute face
sweet, yes let's coordinate :)
My new years resolution is 1920x1080.
Denver, CO
yeah we do!
...and it spits a dendrogram too :)
While I was walking my doggie an elderly lady told me the cement gets hot on their paws, so I punched her in the face.
Good morning :)
I'm not sure castigating the rich is really helping anything.
Currently listening to: The Lust Merchants - As Far As You Know on Http://www.Dagnomusic.com
There's a house at the end of my street that people will purposely pass by and honk at. It's kind of funny most days. Not when I'm asleep.
"#housestaff #GWU no one signed up for lunch today @ 12pm. Looks like I will be eating Aroma alone today" Somebody join !!
. I've written and published a few short stories, but I do best with them when I have to follow someone else's guidelines.
Thanks so much for the info!
“Nothing that you have not given away will ever be really yours.” C.S. Lewis
Some people spam Justin way to much. You don't need to send the same message a 100 times
Every time he get the ball they "BOO" him! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
The hat trick is not a good look
indeed, but I don't expect everyone to think of everything.
Lmao I got 's twitpic # text thingy an I been hacking him! XD Lmao! Sorry bro I had to! xP
Glad to know that Ian Astbury is making a little $ during the Super Bowl
It's hard for someone to recognize a trait as a flaw if it conforms with their tightly held belief system.
its always my fault. You should know to text me more than once if I don't reply.
not really selfish, just think about how many directioners lost tickets to directionators (c)
"Billy Graham's Son: Obama Has 'Shaken His Fist' At God" #huffpost But what if God's gay?
Lol is the best off twitter haha
Am i the only one that dont trust youth pastors ?!
Wow I'm Exhausted have been auditioning new players for my new band. I really hate it I want to hire everyone so far I may have 50 pieces
Who has told a new friend about so far in 2011? We want to know who is still spreading the word! :)
Headphones confirmed as Day DLC for this journey
They are on their way, and I Cc"ed Marco as well on an idea to help distribute here.
your play today stressed me. , you need to throw short passes and have someone better calling plays.
I hate having a suitcase on the bus. I hate it even more when it snags on my rights and ruins them.
Merry Christmas everyone!
Sneaks from behind desk...shakes a stick at Monday...quickly scurries back behind desk...waits
I wish CVS served alcoholic like the ones in Hollywood do. I need Jose!!!!
Earthquakes, UFO's and Al Sharpton; you be the judge.
air wings!!
Still stuck in work for another hour unfortunately.
Check what I said we were losing until MDA finally put a PG on the floor named Lin. Baron is hurt again.
The Epilepsy Update conference is quickly approaching (11/12), if you haven't registered, visit our website to do that today!
I'll take it. Deal!
I have a Poli Sci degree from , worked on 's campaign & ran for office 2x. Still learned something at
Yay (: i hope my mom says yes tho
Really need to figure out what I'm getting for Miss Tiffani's babyshowerrr. Hm.
I'm out in Dougieville recordin' man.
Hey Dm me your email, Ill send you some tracks there
haha poor them! And read your messages when you get home just so i know where on the same page together.
iPet companion does that for animal shelters.
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
Neighborhood 3 OPENS TONIGHT! Be there so you get first dibs on bragging rights among your friends.
Glad to partner with you all!
vielen dank herr rice!
follow me or i come 2 ur house n eat yu out a hme
haha. the headbutt was cheap! It's boxing. you SUPPOSED to punch somebody.
BTW big news may be coming 4/19. VP is coming up to Oakland. Mandatory Meeting. Last time this happened they laid off peeps.
Im so exhausted today!
a girl that went out and made a fool of her drunk self and says she is looking for a real man
Sage wisdom. RT : Lesson learned: make sure I understand the new Tweetdeck interface before adding work's Twitter account.
Yo Eric--ALA is SO much more fun when you can hook up with old friends (so read your email, eh?) Hope to see you!
So uncomfortable but so necessary :-/
all this talk, talk, talk. Just send me the number to your lawyer. That's all I'm asking for right now.
do you play guitar lefty? i can't tell if its that or your videos are just backwards, hahah. x
Eric just ordered his wedding band! YAY! :D
Text me already.
Mary Bondmass from NHS on 2tor program. What if traditional GU education could be delivered to students everywhere?
and I have a shit ton of movies to watch.
blunts for seau
what's wrong =[
If we cant win it this inning, i hope it goes on ll night!! Ending with a #cubbies win of course!!
Say Something is still my jam.
Oh HELL NO... I'm never going near an airplane in my LIFE!
If winning isn't everything, then why do they keep score? Lombardi was the Greatest.
oh yes I've been. It's further than I wanted to walk though. Ended up at Cafe Dolci instead. Thx for the rec.
let me see it
Is Fox giving 'The Flintstones' to someone else or are they waiting for u?
perfect day til now
yes moscato all day!
Los Angeles City College Artists!! Jump at this great opportunity.Go to Foundation office for GHAPFM Scholarship! Let your Dreams begin!
Oh man, Liz and Max! I love you, Jason Behr.
GETTING A QUICK DRIZINK WAITING ON JESSE
Do i love these hoes? M kinda sorta
It still cracks me up that my spellcheck wants to change "Limbaugh" to "limburger".
My healthy habits are yoga, lots of veggies, morning super smoothies, and of course not smoking cigs and limiting alcohol!
haha yeah. Was there like a red rocket ship on top of the theatre?
FAIL OFF!!
I don't always agree with the content, but NYRB has been reviewing full seasons as a rule.
I'm rocking it at home with the kids tonight. Probably will end up playing with Barbies.
Watching Jack, Arnie and Gary needle each other at the par-3 tournament is like watching any ol' weekend bunch goin' at it. God bless 'em!
yes, I really liked Gulliver's post, especially since I'm an academic and I just came to Twitter in the last few months.
I bet lol all that twerkin you was doing...and horrible smh only got 4 hrs of sleep and now I'm doing homework -_- ...
No one will EVER replace OUR ICONic Boyz! (: <3
. Will Allen is a personal hero of mine. The work he's doing is extraordinary.
Refs won tonight not the Heat
We are back and now on application #130045 - Diane Overmyer
hey bro wsup hasn't seen u n how long??? lol
This week is National EMS Week!
Price should win just for his creativity
You mean they do deliver? It's good wine I usually buy that brand.
Peace followers!
NP. How did it go, everyone?
Yes, cool business selling cartoons and games. Global. Wish I was better at marketing (and branding).
You bet!
haha I did good on hole 3 imma burn down hole 7
smut deepthroat like she was born without a neck
Crossed a hipster rubicon when an indie band bound for SXSW stayed at my house last night. Now celebrating at my favorite locavore place.
Lam. 3:21-22 Yet this I call to mind and therefore I have hope: Because of the LORD’s great love we are not consumed.
Hey! We met for the first time 2 years ago!!
Be patient my angry friend ... we will be there in due time ...
RIP BMR. For those in the #SEO world, Build My Rank is dead from a Panda bite :) Link networks beware, Google is on the war path!
lol not gong out i feel like ass! last night = big blur!
na somebody show some money n dis bitch
#fridayreads THE GREY ALBUM, THE SUN'S HEARTBEAT, THE SPIRIT CATCHES YOU AND YOU FALL DOWN
you embarrassed????
My followers keep growing...what can I say...I'm a badass pig!
LAMESAUCE! Why is not playing tonight? That's just upsetting!!!
Warning--do not use #PAYPAL! Went to Paypal yesterday toChanged my info too. Had 250$ stolen from my bank.
Ray Allen just pure
it's ok
what do you want to accomplish with jailbreak that you can't do already?
I'm 20 feet away! Lol #RealTalk haha but the rolls are the beginning to your eminent demise. Next its FF and crackers lol
Who does Samuel L. Jackson have a date with? Is he cheating on Siri with his old flip phone?
It ain't too bad here in Washington, DC either :-) Sunny, blue skies, temps in 50s. Not bad for winter.
Tiffany doesn't have a facebook or Twitter though! You should get her to send some of those pics to you.
Florida Panthers win a great game!!!!!
Jerome Harrison is the dirtiest player in football over the last decade... What an asshole... I'm sure Steelers fans are proud
Heading down to ? Make sure you go energized-stop in for a breakfast (or brunch!) on your way to the pier
The last class of my college career is over. I'm actually kind of sad.
Do you realize how un-fun this game would be if we never met?
hey you want a column on my blog? I'll let you do it every TWO weeks.
I’m done being sad over you. I have enough stress without you adding to it and I won’t let you be the reason for my tears.
Pop Won Geezer Of The Year.
I'm going LIVE on with TONIGHT AT 9pm from THE FALLS!!
I used to say all the time that I was gonna move out when I turned 18. Wonder why I havnt yet.
Which one are you, Thelma or Louise?
coaches aren't smart <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> but Troy's been having back problems, one of his vertebra is slipping out of his spinal cord? Ow ha
Thats Awesome...Congrats!! Whats the name of your crew?
say what son!?!
why do people think it's ok to ruin peoples personal life? I mean I like j/j also but they seriously have some scary followers
raising property taxes $100 a year does nothing to you. Helps build schools which then puts $ back in economy
omfg i just looked stupid in front of my class because i was smiling so big omg:')
Already waiting for Friday. Plans?
Are you contemplating this? Or did this already happen and I missed it?
excited to attend the 2011 State of the Young Proffesional event tommorow in Columbus.
I was born with a no skip out gene lol. Haven't called in sick to work in over a decade and had Perfect attendance K-12
where's the coast? Cincinnati?
It's official. Despite having a million of them, doctor is the most ridiculous nickname Shaq has.
«: The HU Instagram scene today is going to be looking like a mixture of Tumblr and a rap video.» THAT IS SO REAL!
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils ... - Louis Hector Berlioz
all in a day's work of a proud partner of the :)
It must be dumb fuck Friday at work today!! all I can do is say wow and smh so happy I have a 1/2 day
The nerve of some niggas. Same mfers b asking me for bangers when they get treated. Nigga I ain't no charity lol
ashamed of the suburbs?
#FF Poo, organizer of domestic workers and one TIME's 100 most influential people in the WORLD.
Can't wait to get my hair done tomorrow!
Why are these presentations so boring #BoredAsFuck !
Well, they may get older, but their taste in women doesn't age. hee hee
Ok. This is the 3rd time someone had expressly offered me drugs this week...In public.
i told you a million times im not mad. it just irks me that you did that even after i told you what he was doing to me..
dude what are you doing!!
interested in more Poe?
Tell me Something god
Booing injured players makes you worse than laker fans. :-)
at corner brew's beer garden, on a beautiful and productive day for me. is good to be in Michigan today.
I still need to pack.
Warm burrata with red onion, lemon, chile, parsley, olive oil & grilled bread
office is good, very quiet. Yes, we must discuss the meeting place for the color run!! :-)
its ok we can throw a I HATE VALENTINE DAY party lol
I'm 1 year Anniversary with the homie Pow!
Do you think Jesus is pissed that people celebrate his birth by being jackasses while shopping?
Niggas cheat on the ones who love them for a hoe. That shit ain't cool.
he drives me crazy -.- but no were fine now :)
McCafé Frozen Strawberry Lemonade <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><U+270C>
hey hoe, when are you going to be home?
#EmailMarketing Best Practices Tip 11: personalize as much as possible. Use first name in subject line. It’s a conversation, not an ad.
Show tomorrow at Crossroads of Newnan, Georgia! Show starts at 7! Be there or be square!
Today, George Zimmerman was charged with 2nd degree homicide in the death of Trayvon Martin. A warrant was issued for Zimmerman in Florida.
You should be a 'civilian' on #Kathy! You'd be so great!!
YES I follow you guys on this backup
Bitch I'm in the 212.
"There is a difference between expressing your opinion and being rude."
Matt Forte is looking real good this week, Hester is doing great, the D is actually getting pressure.....but this is the Rams.
Probably the greatest show ever created.
Straight outta Compton
School flow :)
That's great! Thanks for getting back to me. RT : Yes, there were a couple of fans that showed the post!
which cutie do you want?
dope dope dope
Pacers win, Pacers win!!!!
I like how you have my hat on in your twitcon. :)
Hey - have a local contact you can put me in touch with?
ONE life... thats all youve got.... make a difference! :)
And that's exactly why I've lost faith in Detroit.
San Diego Coroner:Woman found dead is Marine's wife who disappeared. arrests made..will pass on latest on 5pm news
Good idea. Can you post it in the Google Group too? Suggest day/time.
When you do something or go somewhere then othere people wanna do the same things your doin. -_____-
how you been though?
Very productive rehearsal/training today!!!! looking forward to what God is gonna do.
Facebook IPO set for Norwegian Independence Day, May 17
It's OUT with the OLD, and IN with the NEW.
Oh this is gonna be fun
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommy's and grannies and soon-to-be mommy's! Hugs-n-kisses...Granny Regina and Granny Pat
We are in this together. Thank you for reminding us all of our potential & power. Let's make this happen
That, and people citing their experience as "mangers", is a typo I see on at least a third of the resumes that cross my desk.
Everyone go listen to Chai Tea Latte by Angel Taylor. It's my entire life, I swear.
they ran out.
No doubt, they'll be out in full force, opposing those things they once "evolved to" under Obama, under a Republican.
really tough judging but team moto killed it last night on Top Chef!
Kobe with 18 1st quarter points.
Then you should skip shopping. Seattleites aren’t fashionable…
It's funny how God has a sense of humor...ha ha...
hey Will you please tell your followers about "Banner Day for Saints Season" www.worldchampionfans.com
May actually be able to move up to 8g. It's small, so what. I'm broke..and I need a job bad.
If I bought an apple tv, i wouldn't need a ps3.
Sad that vacation is over and things must go back to normal, but thankful for the good times.
Hi Michael Thank you, the article is awesome. How is your book coming along? Can't wait to publish some of your stuff!
Who is the only major league baseball player to have been ejected from a game without ever having played? First correct answer wins!
thanks for the shout out. Love that we can work together to educate!
Wasn't sure what to expect, but #chicago is incredible
just give it one more hour
I miss ur tweets when u gona start tweeting again? ;}
Repeating and retards, great night
Ok maybe that was a little cynical. But, tedium, thy name is "teenage girl."
Hi Deb!! it was so wonderful to finally meet you too! i'm so glad #helloetsy finally brought us together & am so excited for CREST!
Jamey Wright was the #Brewers opening day pitcher in 2001...a 1-0 loss against the #Dodgers. Now with the Dodgers, he faces the
we haven't been getting any fucking calls
haha probably. Bet he just makes us watch a movie or do group work bc he's too stonned to teach
I'll join Im a true Fan
he a goon tho
Overheard "who needs an app when you have a beer"
Tiff Hayes just pulled a Lebron
Rake! Snow's much heavier! Even though 3 inches of snow brings out some interesting driving in P-town. Agreed? :-)
What can me and do now
Dad is back in NY. Mom just did her first prenatal yoga. I think I like that. She chills out a little ;)
tell him brett
It's been a techno Christmas!
Free redbull on guadalupe & 26th, Austin, TX - courtesy of the redbull truck !
Oprah killed herself when she started the O network. Now her bump ain't worth squat. Just like the republicans.
They got weed but I been dope.
Q4 my other half volunteers with the local Red Cross disaster action team, would be a great volunteer role for a librarian
It can't be said enough. Madonna, please drop the fake British accent.
Congratulations! That is wonderful news!!
We want to be able to Minister at one of you events. It would be a blessing
Jamie Stachowski, unlike the new charcuterie place I recently tried, will undoubtedly offer terrific sandwiches. Can't wait for him to open.
#LiteraryQuote: "To be conscious that you are ignorant is a great step to #knowledge." ~ #Sybil by
#somebodytellmewhy drunk words are sober thoughts?
I understand all guys and women are my brothers and sisters.
I agree I was on the edge of my seat the whole time.
You were never on a hardwood , you just make people sleep there
the Occupy skanks, apologizes to skanks, think that rioting & Effing with regular peoples livelihood will win elections? Ha ha
Dog these new beats tho!!!
me too! Thanks(:
Would love to be in Linz, celebrating in fine style with ...
“: I think Courtney was a butthole baby?” she gives you a run for your money with the mind games! Maybe you should date
what don't u get?
True, but did point that out.
Glad you came is #5 on iTunes!! Congrats boys!! :)
Zygmunt Miloszewski reading of Entanglement at Czech Ctr really rocked! Antonia Lloyd Jones did great English version
Just found a great blogging software that about to be released for your use will give you the link - when it's released
Boss out of the office? Turn your co-workers onto www.freekshowradio.com
I had Missouri losing to FL in one bracket and Marquette in the other...pretty happy about that upset!
Leaders will find it Impossible to Find Happiness if they sacrifice the NEEDS of the many, to fund the Excess of the FEW.
Hint: its an easy one.
Deeng, i havent been on this account in forever!
oreally funny ! funny women u knw what i mean lol
Does virgin wool come from ugly sheep?
bring it aint no one scared
Stair dismount app is hilarious.
You're welcome. Have fun on the west coast!
"You're 15, you shouldn't be worried about having a relationship." 15-year-olds get lonely too. shut up.
I got choked up saying goodbye to Amber at Universe of Superheroes even though she's tattooed, pierced, and has a boyfriend...
well just let me know! im making spaghetti & corn on the cob !
Should be a good game!
of AUGUST!!
HI BEAUTIFUL! :)
?Judging yourself, is not the same as being honest with yourself
It'll be interesting to see what NBC plans to do with their Thursday 8-9pm hour come January. Parks and Office are as solid as ever.
The best gadgets and tech for the new grad.
Harry Styles head is so hairy lmfaoo
hey hey hey :D
If you see at Coachella and tweet me a pic with her, I'll send you a signed mixtape.
oof i went through a franco phase and watched all his bad movies and gurl there are a LOT of bad jf movies
God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh.-Francois Marie Arouet (Voltaire)
TODAY, 6:30-8:30pm: How do you document real life?: Discovering the Digital Creative Process of J. Larson’s RENT. , Rm 6496,
I can't cope with the pressure Settlin for lesser The god left lessons on my dresser So I can bloom and blossom, find a new way
live laugh love?
A client I taught manifestation principles to just landed the big three; man, car, watch. She gets it big time :)
and are pulling double duty tomorrow 7P Jazz downstairs 10P Soul/Jazz upstairs 5303 Lankershim
I'll check it out. Glad you watched my piece
Everything we see in the world is the creative work of women
One more song then I should have the 3000 for tonight. #ComeOnLorrieYouCanDoThis(;
Hey check out the 4 Gutsy Girls blogging about their QLCs @ stratejoy.com & maybe u'll find some inspiration & a joyful direction!
do you remeber that time when we texted each other like300 times in one day?x
Approaching the Maryland House...
A typical bird has seven different types of feathers. The best known are the tail feathers.
I have a cold now too..
when u pray for something b ready to accept all that comes with it .
Really excited about all the traffic this morning.
I just love her she's so multi-talented
My life is in hardcore, but bluegrass is seriously the most fun music to listen to live.
might not be scoring, but rebounding and effort are off the charts tonight
OK, I voted online. I'll stop by tomorrow at
oh no who will sit by me?<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Jefferson Davis was inaugurated as President of the Confederacy two weeks before Mr. Lincoln took his oath on March 4, 1861.
Happy Mother's Day to mine 's beautiful, caring and hard working mommy. :) We love you with all our hearts Mommy Malik! <U+2665>
": Keep on dreaming even if it breaks your heart."
3 more days...
GAME DAY!!! GO DUKES!!
Our pleasure. Keep up the great work!
One hour left to get 25% off your entire order!
Who is going to be our 50th funder in our #100cities in 100 days challenge?
Holy shit. I leave for some writing, and I miss all of the fun. Bon of a Sitch!
Why did we have to lose "Luck"? Couldn't it have been filmed without harming animals?
RT : It's Fox6/WI State Fair cream puff giveaway! 600lucky viewers will be able to pick up a free 6-pack of cream puffs 6-8 am
Heard of Jamachi Spa? Call and Ask for Maku or Barbara and get 25% OFF ur next massage 301.585.0888
dude im the same way, i just watched the whole season of once upon a time in 3 days
Someone broke into my car once again and stole my credit card -___-
Day before St. Paddys day = tourists holding up the train at everystop on the local tryna get directions
I get a lot of love in the town
I think im gonna buy austin a hat and send it to him but i dont know which one to get!
if a guy cheats on a different girl with you, what makes you think he won't do the same to you?”
Find the 11 Robert Graham sculptures and tell me what you think. They are pretty amazing.
Happy Turkey Day! Cheers!
flavors of the week: moca coffee and peach sorbetto.
We restocked on our "drop love" black tank! And their still ONLY $15! Snag them up while there still on sale! Http://Hyebyeclothing.com RT
hey -- chris is trying to edit your pkg, but he cant find your track. Can you call the desk? 858-573-6500 THX
Let's get after it early tonight and smash the Crew!!!
Mark Edwards? or Fred Morton?
are you a chicken? cuz i wanna strip you and then eat you
I'm double-fisting water & coffee this morning... don't make me laugh or I'll pee myself.
The harasser can be anyone from any level. The misnomer is that managers are immune to being the victim...it's about education
1.How's It Like To Be Famous ? 2.Favorite Type Of Music 3.Favorite Celebrity ? 4.What Inspired You To Keep Dancing? :) 3
WOW. Congrats, man. Huge.
don't mention this Tuesday thing to lucroy....
my guess would be coffee
Yeah if it wasnt for me you wouldnt be goin to that concert.
I met my boyfriend's mom for the first time. After spending nearly 2 hours with her, she hugged me goodbye and asked what my name was.
SO looking forward to dinner w/ Nicole tonight! Hooray for delicious
yess! I really hope we win the I can go there by train :D
did you get your computer fixed?
Up here thinking on whether I should sell my car or not.......
Hahaha does phone auto correct ?
Downloaded La Bala u?
how about an Acoustic showcase.. 2nd floor of dobbs one night with Alot of acts &/or start a happy hour series?
Do you have a writing room? Where is it? What's it like?
So much pain built up day by day, I can't take this. I need you so much but you're not here.
The next episode...we're talking Doctor Who!
Thx hope to see you soon! RT : , It's actually been a while since I've had coffee in...
Can't sleep o:
That home screen looks pretty stock. Where are all your apps? :)
I love that line.
I'm frustrated, too. Thinking of deleting the account and opening a new one. I wonder if that'll work?
Thinking bout heading to Real Chili to grab a 1 & 1/2 for the morning when I watch The Price is Right.
Dedication: INIOUSZ FOWLER, In loving memory of my Iniousz Fowler. We miss you!
Don't miss Free Audit tomorrow for popular TV/FILM Professional Class with BTS Artistic Director Anthony Grasso.
Whoever's on : it's a bad sign when even your correspondent's laughing at you...
And the damn reffs made the game...stern firing up the rivelry$
The meetings went pretty good now I am ready to get home
Is arrogance one of the biggest issues we have to deal with in this gaming community nowadays?
I suspect I'll fail the quiz :-) haven't looked at the details in some time :-0
sat transmodern was ecstatic beyond words! H&H & World Meets
OMG Algebra 8
I texted youu, u should most defiantly text back, that would make my day, :)
Vibing with at the great shows she put together
# get @ me for show set
So that's one place where we differ. It's as trashy as Velveeta and Rotel. M. Velveeta and Rotel....
what's this bull online about Vince Young being gay and that was Fishers real hang up with him on the Titans. That's a lie that's not cool
This vacation thing is nice... You all should try it sometime
Damn, you are up late, bro. I'm getting sleepy and I'm on PST, lol.
The incense-making machines are owned by a Woman's Federation, which also facilitates savings and credit self-help groups for the
i think we need a field trip to weho
I think I'm kind of addicted...
I watched Beyonce's World Tour on the plane twice! She is so beautiful in way! I just love her & her music! Wish I had seen her show!
NO! girls only
R.I.P. Donna Summers. She lost her bought with cancer. She was 63.
Congrats on over a quarter million youtube views in four weeks!!! #team2hot!!
wat up it louis
Lord everyday I think...
That's cool to I just love getting mud on my face. My schools just great -_-
#FF Social Leaders
best of luck to you! Thanks for using ShowClix - Happy New Years!
Rackers is also an ex-Bengal/Bungle. Is it a surprise he choked?
Awkward moment when having sex on a pull out couch and forgot to pull outb
FREE MATTHEW TURNER
RSVP: Green Hat [director Todd "The Hangover" Phillips' co]
kiddos go to same school I did. They played at PHS same place where I heard it for first time
I'm back on twitter :)
I should start getting ready.
@ my twitter name so I know it's real :-)
that long wait while your food is being prepared. <
People vote for on mtv's battle of the boybands now!! They deserve it!
Shits about to get
Shout out to my new follower
Happy 25th Anniversary to my parents <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB> yay!!
so whats up
I don't care if the damn wedding is a sham or not. I'm just mad that I know so much about something i actively avoid learning about.
In the last 15 minutes, this chain restaurant/bar has played !!!, Hot Chip, and Yelle.
I'd bet on Steve. RT : Why doesn't anyone name their racehorse 'Steve'?
I got half on a big bag ah dem grippos homie lol
Good morning! What a great start to the day!
Techno Bro and BRNDR will be dj'ing 4/28! Opening for Dan Bell, , & more!
Snow and lunch at the edges of downtown.
Your loyalty is our aim. Hope to meet your expectations!
Millennials on the Rise Event tonight @ AVA Lounge Rooftop Bar at Dream Hotel (via ) I'll see you there.
Josh Gasser is now 11-12 from three point land this season. Unbelievable.
My CNN addiction is becoming unhealthy.
Think only of the best, work only for the best, and expect only the best.
Awww , you're too sweet. Thanks for letting me feed you a birthday snack- I'll come see you again soon! :)
Paul is Justin Timberlake, and Pete cut off his leg? I don't understand this photo shoot...
Rock on.. I was #bestnewchefs dinner this wknd. All about the streets.
This spanish project<<<<
I think I would rather watch Shaq and Charles talk for 2 hours than watch the Celtics-Knicks game
#IfiHadaDirewolf I'd create the world's most dangerous petting zoo
kayy i will
I hope all the candidates exit the debate in a conga line. Then you know it's a party.
followed. there are many, that's why we're revamping.
BTW, there WILL be a test on how to send a text and scan a code after
LimeChat is buggy for me.
I'm digging Moon+ too. Lotsa features. Let me know if you figure out how to change the font. Mine won't change.
Players working on assists. Wrap around passes from baseline
I MISS YOU
Mason & Myers is live on 1450am! Tune in to catch the latest sports talk around the Kentuckiana area!
Shoulder to Shoulder! #gobuffs!
no more skittles
Phil Hughes. You are terrible.
what you gonna tell momma is all lies , I ain't worried
I have to work Sunday. Kill me.
Damn you super moon!!! SMF
I agree !
RT : The first step before anyone else in the world believes it is that you have to believe it. -Will smith
A Sword and A Kiss steals the night. Something special about 3 talented teens rapping to an old white crowd. So positive & fun.
This week has been
American Junkie tonight! I'll be dropping a guest video set with my good friends let's go!
Me too, but I saw to men older than us blading up 14th street one even last week and now this... A comeback or throwbacks?
email is ready to send to vans Feb. 1st
are all on board!
BREAKING NEWS: Justin Bieber is getting hotter every second
lol too funny
Sweet! You free at all tomorrow? 11ish or later?
RT : Hair is not just visceral for sistahs. Culturally, the Black male aesthetic isn't free from similar attacks.
Charlie Chaplin interview on WAVS 1170 at 9am on the John T show
whatever rose'll 'never forget'... me too.
thanks. Got my print the other day and was going to frame it.
most if those pastore are gay! And Nobama is a few states short of a union as well!
i never know what to tweet you..hmm how about football? thats a great sport!
Listen for what moves you. Listen for what urges you onward. Allow what's within you to come forward. (Tao te ching verse 3)
I can't watch LA complex cuz it makes me sad
G: "It's school time. We're gonna have some fun. Exclamation point." Narrated punctuation always makes me smile! Morning friends.
I shall say goodbye to the easy days of eating out whenever we wanted. Hello salad bar my old friend :)
thank you so much for sharing this important post!!
can u please wish me luck on my soccer games tomorrow? It would be my good lucl charm!! :) #ILoveYou !!!
Heartbreak here for the 46 car. Ran top 4 all day only to spin out on the final lap to finish 18th. Still a great run!
Yahoo! Sitting on stage w/Yo-Yo (as a listener) on 23 Oct. What a thrill!
I really should think twice before I do some things.
Of all teams, I sure didn't expect the Chiefs to be the ones to stop the Pack. Crazy.
Thanks to for another great night of fights even if it is PPV.
Otc im tired
Good Night Everyone <3
I was recommended that I connect with you since we're fellow Atlanta-ions through, recommendation from
Where are you gonna put it?
this is drastic u sent me an email today sayin someone sent u my music i was wondering who sent it to u
100s of comments when the 'gamer theory' site when it opened in '06
FOX's new show "Touch". I don't know what it is about that show, but I want to like it.
Sorry to the man I ran into today. I was trying not to be eaten by two vicious dogs.
I don't even feel sorry for you psh
with my trusty galaxy S 4G phone ;D
Uh, insert any of my childish comments here. ;-)
nonono. I never meant to ignore you. I was looking at photo's of Justin's photoshoot and and, I'm sorry. Please forgive :(
Want to gain more followers?! RT to gain more followers fast!!
Go look at the fanfic. It's even sadder.
I had arugula on my BLT earlier. Yum.
You, too. Have a great day all
'Africa Rising', on the cover of The Economist: Over the past decade six of the world's fastest growing countries were African.
Rabbits Rabbits <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0>
and of course that doesn't address the broadband issue
let me know if anyone needs a drummer. RT please
For the last few weeks I've been busy in the real world, and only tweeting a little bit. But I won't disappear. :)
If you want me to have your email
Shower time.(:
yes, I believe it does!
It's raining! Be careful out there, this morning!
Not normally proponent of boycotting speech I disagree with - but crossed a line into incivility
Just finished ALL WILL BE WELL by John McGahern.
“: why Melo aint brake his fuckin Ankle ? cuz he is Killin me Lol when the Bulls Lose I Cry” lol you a hater
At the airport one hour early. Trying to not be the guy who sings along to "all I want for Christmas is you" in the terminal.
Totally just signed up to host a watch party #UpAllNightHP Xx
No matter what you say or do... I'll still love you<3
you are such a baller!!
your hair should do the same lol
The irony of seeing the ex weeks before getting it right. Thanks God :)
new pic so sexy i love u justin and ur background image
"It's arriving in a place with the anticipation of a child on Christmas morning."-, Europe on 5 Wrong Turns a Day
TJ might have been a Senators fan. He likely hated the Kings.
I honestly forgot my birthday is on February 5..
So guess who took a digger off a platform today and almost feel off the front of the stage I front of about 40 people? This girls! Lol
money dont make itself !
true and flawless “: Rumors are carried by haters, spread by fools, and accepted by idiots. ;) love it”
YEAH, I do it all the time never fails. She loves my kisses :* :*
thank you! i need all the positive vibes i can get but like i said #noquit. not an option. things will turn around
We are excited too! We love working with you.
How come Horford didn't intentionally miss the 2nd FT??
Happy Birthday!
Ernie's Chandler: Crabcake on an English Muffin w/ Cheese and Tomato
"Bringing the gifts my ancestors gave, I am the dream and the hope of the slave. I rise. I rise. I rise." - Maya Angelou
Not all content searches well (most doesn't)
Props to got coming out to a skywalker appearance.thank you. #support_the brand
11, a month we meet my love!<3
good & what about yourself?
Itunes Match, you are worthless to me and effed up my entire music library.
U make one mistake and now all the sudden ur a player....
Actually, we love it when women tell us we have great anything. We're easy that way.
Help me out peeps. Who is going to have a better stat line against Portland tonight: Linas Kleiza or DeMar DeRozan?
There are some of you who have listened to some great music from Poised Creation! Thank You
limits exsist only in the mind
thank you and cheers!
yes yes, STILL recovering
That's why I don't associate myself with so called "Christians". I'd rather say I believe in the teachings of Christ.
love your profile pic you my friend look STUUUNING!!! Keep doing your thing Tami!
<U+2665> Thanks for the mention!!!
Gotta admit. It's great being the bearer of good news.
Work harder #weedropweerock!!!
yea seriously haha, at least Mike Tyson's failure to answer interview questions were entertaining, VDN is just brainless & boring.
Happy halloween everyone! Its me mums bday
everyone is to remain awake!
Love that. I am not ashamed to say I could also sing along with you.
Can't believe that our seniors are graduating tomorrow--it's gone too quickly!!
Hey - Check out the LinkedIn Group if you are up for a bit of B2B / P2P networking action ... :-)
frump city bitch frump frump city bitch
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> I'm so effing scared...
OMFG im gonna hurt my sister shes always telling people that im a unicorn and im like WTF i told you not to tell anyone
pretty funny, indeed.
lol ite well if you just want to save your money i'm coming up there this summer for sure
Great catch Gordon. He's not afraid to put his body on the line
My Last Retweet Says It ALL <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Thank you for the #FF, Edith! :) Hope you have a good weekend and make lots of amazing art!
“Laugh at yourself first, before anyone else can.” ~Elsa Maxwell
Poker face...
"It's in those little steps, those incremental changes repeated consistently over a long period of time that the magic happens."
that's wild! Very long time
Life has been hectic lately, I'm wishing I can b in my kitchen creating new products! The few instances in life where nothing even matters.
David Harris know's his stuff. A publisher's experience combined w/ Nobel prize laureates creating turnkey OER txtbks=CHANGE
thx for the follow Rick, returning the favor.
its cause you get time to focus on your opponent. Fps is hardly focused on your enemy.
Hooray for dairy free! Site doesn't launch till June or July this year. In the meantime I blog over at www.host-itnotes.com!
$alute to the beautiful
thinks the Washington Nationals try to lose games on purpose. That is the only way they can be so terrible.
So so so so so excited to watch my tonight <3 ECF Game 1 can't wait :)
NICE David... very nice.
Are you planning on attending San Diego Comic Con this year? We're working on a fun meet up with some friends. Details closer to the event.
but he's struggled this yr?:(
Good Luck!!
RT : For real can score you points with your significant other and get you points with
U are correct sir!!
am from kuwait
Currently editing my short film Rain Dance that I wrote, directed and produced.
Dear Michele Mahone, I want your son(:
I'm sure it was A LOT! Smh “: Scard to count my money from last night and see how much I blew”
naw my guy got it
Why thank you! I really appreciate that :)
Officially mother's day!
is there really a drink named John Daly?? I was just joking! It just sounded like something he might make.
Got my first Doctor appt. done and out the way, now ready for work!!!
Thanks for the RT !
What do we expect students to know/have in terms of digital litercy/fluency/skills at graduation?
My sis works at NCSU and highly recommends the popsicles on walk from Doubletree to
check out ICBA the independent community bankers association. pretty sure they will have list of community banks
thanks for forwarding!
"FactsOnGirlz: I'm not clumsy, It's just the floor hates me, the tables and chairs are bullies, and the walls get in the way."
If you say "techno" to me, I think Sweden.
"2006 Fitness, Figure and Ms. Olympia DVD. Get 10 to 55% OFF TODAY ONLY."
looking at it in a negative way: kids are sick and that's bad. You've just been lawyered!
Good W tonight!
Kids learn more memorably in games because they provide a safe way to fail and redirect
Really really don't want to go to work
Liberty is to the collective body, what health is to every individual body
Deliberately infecting people with malaria has been used to cure different viral infections
lol they know but they aint gone find out ;)
O.O You changed your @ Name?!?! How did I not know about this till now!?!
no! Rogers used to get blasted his first couple seasons as a starter.
Re: ME libraries and museums - wondering what other examples of collaborations are out there...
Got my green coffee beans in today from Can't wait to try some home roasting!
#Shiticantstand sitting in traffic for hours to see a hero truck on the shoulder BY ITS SELF!!!
LOL! You're just another internet coward who is too scared to face No wonder u like so much.
I still dream of Africa. Someday.
please follow me! I love u so much, really you're my dream*·*
I agree.Keep in mind: retailers keep ca 50%. It's hard for an artist to produce for less than $5 and make a modest profit. :)
late again! How does your first departure of the day (2024) go late on this beautiful day?
what cities are part of your road trip?
...And of course I find out now the tweetup is cancelled.
RT : Thank you to the guy who broke Adele's heart.
u didn't go to noche?
THAT WAS FAST!!!
shut the fuck up no ones talking to u
By Carter Maness, with reporting by Sway Calloway Earlier this week DJ Khaled revealed a video of his tour bus explosion
Hey , told us you know about Lightshow Bob! The light wizard. Have u seen the new trailer for his TDJ episode?
how's SF and the roadtrip?!?
im so buying it to
My biggest fear is to become a normal teenager with normal teenage thoughts.
the whole bad guy speech from scarface would make my day
just followed back :)
Trade Tebow, by all means, so long as we keep
i followed! :D please show me proof of the DMs to Justin pllleeeeaaaaassssseee:D
Are you the #1 boutique PR firm in DC? tweet back
That's Banuelos' third straight solid start since coming off the disabled list. Yay for that.
What do you do when you got to many things going on
I didn't realize the timezone difference.
Post-vacation is always the anti-diet for me. I get the bends from coming home and eat everything in the house.
Looking for an inexpensive (but still nice!) place to hold a wedding reception in Connecticut.....
Thx; I want to use that in my bio somewhere, lol. Love your pigment prints & your story! Wld love to ft you in She Shines!
the site is registered in China. It's a knockoff. But a&f will have to issue a statement to clarify.
Procrastination = (Delay * Impulsiveness)/(Value * Expectancy)
I tried my dog's electric fence, but it just wasn't the same..
yeeeeahhh!!!!!! RT if you want Believe Tour World Wide
He doesn't even saw a word! lol
Found via Public Documents Masterfile: Iraq’s New Political Map, 2007
NBA Playoffs 2012: Will Bulls' Season Be a Failure If They Don't Win It All? - Bleacher Report
Teresa...I love you..your wonderful laugh and golden heart..My cousin, my friend..rest in the arms of angels.
drafting social media guidelines for my work!
Abstinence works 100% of the time.
That nigga hit a 3. Go K. G.
Champagne always tastes better out of magnums. Restaurants should pour their Champagnes by the flute out of mags for the holidays.
Just rocked the stage.
Great question for media savvy who want to serve Baltimore RT : How do you help people tell their story?
Tonight is about me and you ;)
you dont like her ? that your fault she a amazing person.one day your gunna relize how much she meant to you and see that she's moved on....
Hahaha u need to set up a get together
Steve Blake did his best Kobe Bryant impression last night, shooting lights out and hitting three after three when his team needed it.
Tekkers? In a Tin?
Weather outside is frightful but is so delightful. Heat , 'corn & best of all Waters's 'Female Trouble' tonight @ 7 & 9:30pm.
RIP #MooseSkowron - one of the most under-rated men to ever don the Pinstripes.
I thought you said you could always tell when I was joking
Let me give your heart a break.
Chili Recipes There's nothing like a hearty bowl of chili to warm you from the inside out on a cold winter day. These chili recipes inclu
>>>Falk is a total loser. Why not ask her about her losing record in Dane County?
NAME THE LYRICS: I wake up praising, God every day, I wanna....smoke some weed and roll me a J
Genius: 'The best of Pinterest w/out having to look at the pictures.' RT : A wrought-iron canopy bed in a meadow
At 4am tmr morning (my time) all of america will have just seen how #desperatehousewives ends after 8 years & I have to wait till tmr! ah!:(
Austin!!!! Did u ever look at the big secret in ur DMs
And the honorary Webby for "Lifetime Achievement Award" goes to Jeff Daniels for his unforgettable role in "Arachnophobia!"
no i didnt lie i just did it it piss yu off :)
I'm single.. Because so far no one can love me better than me!
Great effort by my 13U kids today in defeat.... Defense is beginning to come around
RT : Season of Changes- Brian Blade and the Fellowship Band
u came in shaheens 1 time I think. Its been awhile but I work there on Saturdays.
Desert Rat to Desert Fox. Come in Fox. Over
o word....i dont never see you,,yu must be at work all da time
how was it?? I only have 30 pages left in the book! You may have to see it again with me!!!
remind me to tell you my Easter basket story. It was the best and worst day of Schroeder's life.
Just got home from the bar, fell off my bed onto my alarm radio, to turn on Beck's Loser. Totally not a sign. #it'sasign
RT : the Cubs could use an upgrade in 9 of the 12 spots in their pitching staff.
Pretty crazy week. My little niece was born and one of my best friend is getting married.
he was
*This tweet update has been brought to you by 7 national championships*
omg! Lol my phone just lit up! :O and stayed on for a few seconds then shut it self back off! Dx lol creepy AF!!
yea its the best
featured artist at We find her fascinating.
"Everything comes to him who hustles while he waits." ~Thomas Alva Edison Hustling my bootie off today. You?
Follow my boy and friend he's hotter then the left sink handle!
Klout says I'm influential on the topic of unicorns. Great. Now that I said that I'm going to be more influential on unicorns.
Wake up in the morning eat that pussy like cold pizza
Yayyyy Glad It Works =] & Thank God For The Internet Lol
my fridge is kaput- I just finished cleaning it out and my landlord is in Africa for 3 weeks- can I stop working? LOL
Gangster gangster at the top of the list.
This is making me sad..! :(
fantasy of how it would be if it were just you and me..and the sensual beat bassline sounding like ecstacy..
Craving Nutella and Salty Chocolate Cookie this afternoon!
omg, this song is so old.. didn't even know it was on my phone...
Should have some more photos of #occupysd up late tonight. General assembly is on now. Come witness real democracy
I'm sticking with the #RenoTech ;)
Don't check the pimp, check the hoe.
Thanks for the shout out!
It's like baseball. If you can land one out of three, you're a street skateboarder hall of famer.
Bdubs with my babe>>
Had fun today saw a lot of cute guys at cinco de Mayo ;)
#3words I'm SO hungry!
RT : #Libras are always planning & plotting, and calculating & strategizing, and achieving & succeeding.
sharing oranges & strawberries last year at lunch lmfao >>>
Just arrived in #Phoenix for spring training!
Even if the Buffet Rule is passed it won't change the fact that the middle class workers will pay for welfare abusers
...we rely on our universities or corporations such as google or Wordpress to host our work. So far, we've been able to ...
dont know if i like my new avi. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
SAY WHAT?! Black people on PAGES?!?! Did the page turn black?! Jesus be some invisible ink...
Treat it, don't beat it. :)
between & damn i wish i was a man smh too damn fine!!
you've been in a cave, B!!! Lol see you miss lots!
De nada. You do the same!
My Passion for my God matches my passion in Bed. That's why I am waiting LOL!
i'm definitely not feeling school today.
Thanks for the follows
Trying the mobile thing 4 a change...
RT : Susan Arnot: "sustainability reporting spotlights the work of our own people around the world - and keeps them...
Best volleyball game ever in phys.ed!
That kids an idiot...
follow me please! I love u hahah:$
Taking sick boyfriend some dinner, then thinking about spending the evening under a tree at the park for a little me time.
The second day of #LTUK12! Come to meet us at stand 34.
my sister just walked in the door whispering " i have to pee, i have to pee" over and over again....
hey guys! miss you already! had the guys to speak to chris last night! yayayyy <3
I think you mean third week of April?
Annoying patron comes in looking for books popular 20 years ago. Sorry, no Scuppers the Sailor Dog, but have other books by MWBrown.
I just saw you! I did a double take and by then you had already walked away lol have fun dude <33
Jolly would need to double his IQ to get to the level of dumb ass
haha but its still laker nation
PFP Founder's FB Friday is featuring Ingrid~Founder of AndeanDream Quinoa products~join the conversation @ www.facebook.com/peanutfreeplanet
Mind wandering results in less happiness.
3 day facilitation training is over. Grateful for safe, dynamic space and energy that encouraged vulnerability
RT : How in the world is it going to be 86 degrees on Thursday?
New song I heard today...i Dont Like. Chief Keef
Just saw The Devil Inside........... I rate it 3 out of 5 stars........ It was scary, but had no reason??. 0.0
Everyone is gifted, but some people never open their package.
Do you have any photos of your day at the exhibit? Would love to see them!
wishing you the best tonight... I voted like crazy for you last night; my fingers are sore.
Never take the advice of someone who has not had your kind of trouble.
-I guess it didn't really turn out so well. But I PROMISE when I get a camera for skype I'll skype u (:
#FEDUP NEITHER PARTY has budget that reduces Annual Deficit to ZERO/SURPLUS - NOT OVER ANY time span! Thus Debt Ceiling would keep rising!
Check out our first ever #NCLRChats! Today we're talking about the driving factors behind #childobesity and
": Facebook posts under 80 characters receive 27% more engagement!
Bout to head to #NOLA for bachelor party, oh and an insignificant bball game.
Thanks for the follow Rick!
do you have a Facebook
if Rodgers had as many attempts as Brees, Rodgers woulda shattered Marino's record with ease but he's about the W not stats.....
Only song Waka got that I liked was Round of Applause !
you waste your time hating on someone else? focus on who you LOVE, and freaking leave the people you dont like alone. if you really hate >
RT /lol...I forgot who u were dealing with. Um, yeah, good luck. *aborts mission* lol./lmao
Hearing from many Goth dating services. Guess it's Twitter acct. name. Who knew? Vampire hook-ups.
did a SOLID job w/ their downloadable game. Played in on Xbox Live; loved it. Great design & gameplay.
yeah I thought so too. I feel like it didn't get as detailed as I thought it might and I noticed a couple diff things
yup, exactly.
Rugrats in Paris > Niggas in Paris
Action speaks louder than words but not nearly as often. – Mark Twain
Finishing my coffee and burning a DVD then I'm going for a very long walk.
I TOLD YOU! And I should have gone to the EPA. Worse things happen at sea!
#coast2coast at club eve we are out here!
We will have to experiment with Wave, . I think I'm on the notification list. I'll double check.
this biology test hard AF!
what is the temperature of your favorite wavelength of visible light?
Recognized you as the person who 'friend-requested' me on FB. Did not make the Twitter connection. Need to do more tweets.
If I was stranded on a desert island and could only bring one thing, I would bring Dora. That b*tch has everything in that backpack.
is a ninja and a TEENAGE MUTANT NINJA TURTLES fan. This is why I love him. (Among other things)
the new password for the speakeasy is Fats Jackson
and it seems like everyone is allergic to Peanuts
fine fine fine go to bed
Why does he look 72? Is life that rough in SLC?
The proof is in the pursuit...
Drinking some Gourmet Hot Cocoa w/ Marshmallows! I love having access to gourmet beverages when I want to!
Press your luck question: "what animal does ham come from?" one of the answer choices was "hamster"
Thank you for the weather updates
I think we may be getting one of those in Cleveland. I drool over TechShop. Our hackerspace would love that.
Happy Valentines day. Can't wait to see all the happy couples
the good old days... we used to take off the girls underwear to see her ass now we have to spread the asscheeks to find underwear
He might as well celebrate like that after a goal because he'll never get a cup!
Miso soup is a medicine that can actually be eaten. It does wonders for overall health!
Aw, thanks, both of you!
Today I was told the checkerboard mirrors on my #Mini look like the winning flag at a race track. Might explain why I drive fast!
San Antonio Rock 'n' Roll marathon today! It's 6am & I'm wide awake!
hearing landslide and thinking of that southpark episode.
ME & MY CUZZO ARE GOING NUTS OVER 'S SONG #BOYFRIEND <33
please tell these are the actual names being used?!
good just got out of camp
That's what we like to hear!
Wishing I was at #webwise to hear the presentation...
Sign into Amazon AWS to see if the video has been uploaded and converted to an acceptable web format.
I'm a herbalist & Ayurvedic Practitioner, not a DOM
Speaking to a group of young professionals at the Columbus Foundation about nonprofit careers! Love this stuff.
My hair getting lengthy again. ^-^
"Oh, she looked like Pocoahontes." how do you spell that anyway ?
God made the world round so we would never be able to see too far down the road
u think Otto will start the final regular season game??
on : Top HCM challenges in '12 center on Agility - 2 balance need 4 profitable growth & skills shortage
we are working with Devery Cash from Keller Williams. Super knowledgeable/responsive and really nice!
how are u?
You could say that this is the soft launch of the college. A Beta release.
how did you find me... I was trying to be sneaky
Im chillin bro be back soon i miss yall niggas to man you home for good ?
At Milwaukee Art Museum's China exhibition. Two thumbs up- lovely objects, thoughfully curated.
funny thing is, im not tweeting about you, you were tweeting about me, so i tweet back... just stop now, you sound pathetic .
Fatso's is gearing up for a great football season this year. Most of our TV's have gone HD. Stop by to check it out.
Holy crap! That was insane!
Movie recommendation is Paul Rudd in "Wet Hot American Summer"
It's really interesting. My sts (her age) like FB, Twitter, Pinterest, Tumblr, but not G+
This is a very informative segment on AIDS and LGBT actions.
Mitch Thermos' untitled piece is quite nice. A bit bluesy.
#Opportunity is often missed because we are #broadcasting when we should be tuning in”
What do you think of our new design for items in the stream?
Many thanks to Gallery, & Raftermen Photography for their ongoing support of Art Relish.
matt doesn't look a day over 16.
Sign Up for Spinning at 5pm & 7pm Today for the Hottest GROUP SPINNING IN CLEVELAND, class start's at 6:00pm and a Second Class at...
i just want to wake up tomorrow and it's not real. Seriously, Falcao and Roberto did me in last year with Benfica as well..
Would anyone care to give me a shout out :)?
I mean hope lol
Looking for information about fresh food? Call 2-1-1 for details on farmer's markets throughout Central Kentucky. Eat fresh, and local!
Varying the number of type parameters of a generic class, is varying it's "arity" (derived from same source as singul-arity perhaps?)
This can't be anywhere but Texas...
maybe ill go apply to berea marcs, I like to sing.
“: I've gotten used to the "kkkckk kakkk" I hear when almost everything in my body cracks.”
You dont look stupid! & I am lovin that perry hat :D
Happy 16th birthday (:
Sorry to hear that. We are always fully stocked with passes at our administration building at 1942 N. 17th Street
42k on 3rd break of main event
I love this shit!
match game. RT if you think they are good couples Fave for they should date or reply if they are not cute join in if you want
Tired af ; time to knock out !
Embracing the traits that make me unique. #lilywhite #redheadedstepchild #funnyman Happy MLK Day
I am getting a lot of spam answers from one of my posts... how weird...
The world I love, the tears I drop to be part of the wave can't stop, ever wonder if it's all for you?
I'm a slave for you.
lol i have drank before
Are you attending Empowered to Connect in Nashville this week? You could win a complete set of our DVDs!
NOT COOL!
I had to swallow instead of get it shot all over my face #surprise ..now that's some
I'm in a flawless mood. This is weird.
Good morning <3
i hate his freedom
One of my kittens (Pollux) just bit through a brand new reed blank, earning him a face full of water and a swift ejection from the room.
lol I do I do
thanks! i love that cover.
"I dwell in possibility." - Emily Dickinson
Um so the wine is not my friend tonight....
im ok, how about you?
At work!! Then chillin w girlie!
Happy b-day Chris Brown Hope its a great one :D :)
good luck today!
I'm actually reading Dratch's right now! Working on a little review for Got me in the mood for the others!
“: RT : Looks like a at kind of night tonight. Fucking excited. ”
if i had big boobs i would dress like a slut
Last year's home opener saw a 0-0 draw and one particularly terrible no-call on what was surely a foul on Omar Bravo in the box.
followed(: follow back please?
Who listed to the radio program?
followed!:) -Sophie
Win of Seattle based project for Apple iPhone in healthcare domain. Medihelp will help patient to connect with their doctor.
Quick! Grab some scissors and turn yours into a mini dress. No one will notice.
How great would that administration be? #sarcasm The Crusades 2.0
GAME DAY! Headed to Austin College today. Tip off at 4pm.
Fuck it Im cute right ? nosa JK - Idc I want all the biddies to follow my shit talking
Driving in the rain to Austin.
Navy jet crashes into residential area of Virginia Beach. Loads of damage.
Inc. we put u in the driver seat to success without the need to look over ur shoulders so u can enjoy the fruits of ur hardwork.
thinking about going on a run tomorrow morning
:( good luck!
I know the adults are having beer & the kids are having chocolate milk. Am I right?! ;)
Treating myself to dinner at Bobby Flay. Spicy southwest ribeye. Side of wild mushroom and truffle smashed potatoes. And a sazerac cocktail.
#AMovieToDescribeMyEx: John Tucker Must Die.
TGIF! Hope everyone had a great week, join us after work for our award winning Happy Hour $3 & $4 Menu items including Hot wings, Wood...
I'm smart. I just occasionally tweet stupid.
Happy Motherd Day
omg i know ! Im so ezcited holy shit yours is month awayy then we gonnn. Party
#Leverage is back in town, can tell by the big white trucks and heavy cable wires running the sidewalks. Start watching channel 11 cable.
There is nothing more suicidal than a rational investment policy in an irrational world. - Keynes
I've heard that, when Bill Gates flies he always requests a Windows seat.
Are slides and/or video available from last week's #wommu?
your moms mean!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> Bahahha
Ok, back up and at it. OH, this is what it means to be "rested". Strange clarity...
in honor of #women'sday and seeing my friend Gohar later this week, I made a loan to an Armenian woman.
Holy shit o.o
just looked at it now.... i have mixed feelings
Omg annoying stfu
Stop making fun of local Baltimore dj Slash....too funny! By the way, when are you hitting the road Bono?
Yeah -no more loud commercials on TV
Did you take or give this week? You have one more day to give ! Teach someone something they can do for themselves, give something back tom…
right? We're all so old
today was fun hanging out w/ my guy friend<U+2661>
no I was taking a break at a scenic overpass lol
Make another cute shirt for the next game you dirty cheesesteak eating fucks.
I think as long as it leans toward the funny side it will work. An "ice breaker" if you will?
Asking fake people if they were made in China
and while u do it imma be Pretty girl rocking! *Keri Hilson voice*
": You must be too truthful then if ppl call u mean lol"
On our way to Brownie Encampment. No electronics except my bare bones cell. Enjoy your connectedness! I`ll rejoin it tomorrow.
well that should eliminate my Orioles...
you mean HAM. hard as a motherfucker. yeah i know girl. and yeah i always bring it
Police have responded to a report of a shooting at the home of former NFL star Junior Seau in Oceanside, Calif.
that'd be hilarious if you went to the same school as my cousins. #weird haha
Love what you chose ... see, it wasn't that hard, was it?
Arrested for DUI? Call us today for a free consultation - 619.338.9500
Wine time?
yes indeed. Noreena rocks.
Is officially obsessed with Instagram! Who's got it? Follow me at taylormariealexander ((:
- True. Thanks for that. What's new? O, can I still use my Kickstarter ticket for tomorrow's performance?
The steroid era may be over, but the lockout era has just begun. Retweet, if you hate sports lockouts. We do.
Exciting things are happening in 2012 =D
great idea! I'm new to using twitter as a teaching tool. Excited to learn and improve!
Jus finish my algebra test
We have safely landed in LA!
Dear mike mcarthy, you can't win games when you pass on every play. Your # 347314785221 upset fan Tom
": Clark County 61, Campbell County 45. Final. Clark vs. Mason County The more things change, the more they stay the same
: Really? I'll keep that in mind if I ever have to vote on male reproductive issues.
perfect RT I hate when people complain about the location of their laundry room. YOU HAVE A LAUNDRY ROOM. SHUT UP.
Thanks, Razor. Looking forward to the book, man.
I think there's a rogue sect of umpires that want expanded replay. Only explanation.
Some people must've woken up on the wrong side of someone else's bed this morning..cheer up! You're breathing aren't you?! Be grateful!
that's fascinating! Must mean Mongolians follow science.
How's the 'Kieferothophäde ' Junge :D
Aww man RT : I'm bout do get one rite now lol
Glad it's coming to the Mac as well, however I'm wondering what kind of quality it is going to be as a browser-based platform.
The other morning a dude's headphones/iPod was so loud the sitting next to him got off & went to next car. Loud dude had no clue.
not mean, just weirdd
Dirty Joke Alert:Why do they call the middle part of a woman the "waist"? Because there was room for a couple more tits. More
How old is your daughter?
You can tell me I'm beautiful a million times and I'll NEVER EVER believe you , but tell me I'm ugly once ! I'LL CARY THAT ME WHOLE LIFE !
Didn't you hear Verboom say "Dresses BELOW the knee WHEN YOU SIT DOWN." Da fuq? You looked like a hooker.
Halloween will be fun but Thanksgiving is coming and save some room for some ROCK Nov. 28th in Lakewood! New set... special night...
i miss you too! Have a great day today!!
Justin is OFFICIALLY 18 I just can't believe it Justin grew up so fast I really do hope he has an amazing day today HappyBirthday Justin <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Stepped into my new neighborhood's indie movie rental store. So much better than online or digital scanning for flix.
If Osama was a baller, he wouldve made a vid where he says the U.S. claim of his death are untrue, have a voice offscreen add the date l8r.
Know of any good ways to spend this drizzly day?
I am very grateful to have had be a part of my crew for the past 10 months! He's a great talent and will be missed!!
That was clearly a travel on
Can't sleep :-(
They Look great! I wish I had your patience.
Thanks for the Mac love, Major.
only if you text me back ;)
I can see it in ur eye yu lying !!
and to you too!
Writing with Danelle from the and Mr Danny Myrick. It's gone be an awesome day, I can just feel it!
What was that U said about OKC? #ManSitYoAssDown LOL
Out of all the Seniors I think I'm going to miss the most.
feels so good outside today!!!!!
I just found out I'm in the very last middle seat in the back of the plane next to the toilet. I'm about to go all up in here.
thanks for the follow Dr. Bloom! Good luck on your book launch!
<double wince>
I want to do another ustream!!!!(:
I had a great time watching preform at the 939 cafe. You missed out if you were not there.
ATTENTION PLZZZ. All people please follow me and We both got hacked! But losk 5K! *Bretana*
I'll message it to you!
Thanks, Bill :)
vanilla icecream with maple syrup on top
Laredo Country Club? I've played there 3 times. That course took my lunch money.
Me too! But I really need to quit going outside every time I hear her. I got little down today and she hasn't even laid eggs yet.
I was doing a spirit recording, and I was sitting there, and I asked "is there anyone i know here" and it said "cupcake"...
#Brewers really shitting the bed here.
WHY IS IT SO COLD.
I do get on I just don't tweet. Goodness don't tell me what to do, bossy.....jk I love ya :)
I know you're a Krugman guy but insane is a bit strong.
Dallas Today! :D
yes yes I do. And I think Stewart Mandel offered a fair rebuttal to this point. We get it. You can get off the soapbox now.
RT Trying to keep up with all the #moo love is overwhelming my 28.8k dial-up!
#BandsILove The Air I Breathe
check out it will change/save your life.
man, i want some of whatever koolaid they're drinking. On second thought, maybe not... lol
I also think Ed. Gaming helps inspire students that are not trad. learners to engage w/new material!
Skills & Conditioning. MMA Conditioning, Krav Maga Self-defense, MA Fitness, Ground Defense, Arnis. In Dallas? Come Visit!
Swans Are Just Gay Ducks D;
Oh good. I'm receiving the all important "sponsored" tweets with facts about their Angus burgers
why are you punking your little brother around for?? Hahah
Love receiving encouraging emails from Miss you buddy!
is rockin out to dum dum girls at neumos! Come pop n' pose with me to gain entrance to the #snacksecret show tom night!
The jury in the school shooter Brendan O'Rourke case is now in deliberations for the sanity phase of the trial.
yes! Beryl's episode was my favorite yet, and I've been watching for years. Who wouldn't adore her?!
If we would've hit most of our free throws this game would be way different
Natural Stone on Sale Now! Eliminating all existing inventory. Buy now and you could save up to 50% off wholesale pricing.
Finally getting some house shows under way! If you want us to to do one for you guys, send an email to
I'll be tattooing with this weekend in Pomona,CA who's going to be there?
thanks for the follow
You must be so proud! What a sweet song!
Success is a reality, but you must believe it in your beautiful mind. (daryldorsey.com)
TY 4 the follow! More info on the film is on our site. Would love for you to see it!
But when i looking at you..
Only today left to enter our competition! Tweet/DM why you should win 2 tickets to Last Night of the Proms #Newark Palace Theatre 28th Jan.
I'm on the computer and I know what would be in that little box if it showed emoticon.
There a party of course ! NYC or long island @@@@@@@@@@
With each member? Down. n_n
Thanks - I'm sure I'll enjoy the book. Viva La Madness !
Algorithms don't have a particularly good sense of humor .. yet ;-)
I love u
I'm still here for the new house part
I tweeted much more than usual this weekend--must be because I behaved during the week AND posted what I intended to, this weekend.
Today ( in a a couple of hours) Arroz con gandules, pernil, pasteles, tostones todo home made... a little early I know but why not?
Babe, your Love is one in a million...... it goes on and on and on....."
checking my email every second for the schedule!! :D
pecha kucha -ed this morning and it was crazy but exciting and fun as well!
So tired <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Thank you to New Berlin West Algebra classes for making my "Math in Banking" teaching a great experience!
Yay!...New album 'HANDS CLEAN' available TODAY on & www.rhianbenson.com
: Man...I cant take any more news about my friends and divorce. Im through with it<-I hear u man
What happened bro?
#threadinglessons # threadingclasses #threadingfresno Now offering private and professional threading classes
Packed 5 boxes so far. Got a huge cardboard cut on the tip of my finger, back hurts already. Not as fun as advertised.
im getting tired of citylife. Seriously need more woods& less people in my life. The older i get the better home looks.
trying to go to my happy place...
The presentation about presentations has been the best presentation and has shed new light on all the other presentations.
You hafta be a real savvy nerd to do both!
have learned a lot from your involvement w/ #ows. Thanks for connecting w/ DC folks on Have fun in Denver.
Thanks to all our new followers!!!
THIS CRUST PUNK IS PLAYING VIDEO KILLED THE RADIO STAR ON HIS ACCORDION OUTSIDE THE WINDOW.
I agree but that doesn't excuse your very condescending attitude which clearly stems partly from resentment.
yoo whas good bro, me and this guy joe stayed up til like 3 pm, im all fucked up right now lol
Finally! Some fresh juicy watermelon! Fruit is so hit or miss. It's nice to finally meet a good batch. :0)
#YouKnowShesTheOne If She Gets Jealous Of Other Hoes You Around
I'm drained of energy.
opening day is monday, april 16th...i hope you're hungry!
eye will take losses until eye get comfortable with another team. And then it will be like it always has been untill now.
FreeFlowProduct thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Slowly squeezing myself into a low carb/low sugar diet. I've done it before, I can do it again! Gotta get rid of all this xtra *me*.
what friend?!
Omfg Justin Bieber just came on the the MTV MOVIE AWARDS HE LOOKS SO CUTE AH I LOVE YUH JUSTIN BIEBER
Love Actually you say? Very nice choice.
oh yes i did bad boy! :)
A true #Throwback. Welcome to the new school.
Dropped a very passionate f-bomb in an interview today. Like I channeled it from the beyond. Surprised both of us.
Certainly Eric Deggans, our media monitoring chair is good
And REPEAT,!
I hope makes #AllStarsTour :D
i gotch you baby
Ay watch it, slut.
idk why but I think hip bones are sexy
yay! :D i started it again today i'm on chapter ten already :3
You'll have to visit Maui and see the whales here. A sight to be seen!
that ball was CRUSHED. Almost hit the stupid HR gizmo
can u email me my beautiful pic
Open mic tonight. 7pm sign-up, 7:30 lottery. See you there!
I know... I should go to jail now, right?! -__-
I did not change out of my pajamas today. And I feel pretty good about it.
In my kitchen there is homemade granola and a jug of homemade ice tea. These things make me happy.
Thanx for the RT! When you're in downtown stop by!
I wonder if there's a shazam for finding out what languages purple are speaking? I wish... #whatthefuckareyouspeaking lol
18 years later, and I still get moody around this time of year. If you know me, if you've read me, you can figure out why.
Brace yourselves
ah sun out again in chicago. we need it. but...rain and maybe snow coming soon. you gotta be a survivor to live in chicago.
Just between you and us, we're better than queuenoodle in sheer handsomeness
Last night at "home" for quite awhile.. Back to #Milwaukee tomorrow!!
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Star Trek: The Search For Titties
I get more compliments from guys than I do girls...
Ok now! housing these fools in LA!! #finallyfamous ... let's go!! Yeah boy! We do it!
Brunch is the new Sinatra at the Sands.
Thanks for RTs, Alan!
I approve of chicken coops. However, no one should be assembling coops after 8pm.
it says the poll is closed?
So we're going to Bravo Bravo?
Youth Football Coaches should be the most educated teachers in the country, their students suffer the most from their lack of knowledge.
OVERHEARD: "Q: Wasn't Morroco this first country to diplomatically recognize the US? A: If you don't count the Scotch Irish." Cue: Laughter
Fear not, little flock, for it is your Father’s good pleasure to give you the kingdom. (Luke 12:32)
Sorry if I offend anybody but I don't like Taurus or Scorpios
follow me on instagram
but to sum it all up, my nigga makes great music to listen to
Time to scratch that itch #partyrockin with vcr in Denver
Research Group: a good showing. One approach: "who are the audiences" for the research? This group clearly need describe good practice
don't have to read, just ask. We're not trying to be complicated- would actually rather not be
| Thanks for the follow Ray!
If doesn't stop picking her damn nails in my car she's gonna be riding the bus!!! Nasty ass
are you thinking what I'm thinking? #quesooff bring on the cheese biotch.
I got my first dehydration headache today.
i love grant hill too :/
hey i love #MaryMary!
is it stupid that I want to see The Lucky One?
That awkward moment when the boy you like says you should get a boyfriend.
I laughed, I cried, I laughed until I cried... that was an awesome movie.
Werner Herzog sidestepped yet another awful Q&A moderator & obnoxious Qs w/a gracious, insightful presentation tonight
Jeez why doesn't anyone want to talk to me today? Do I smell or something???
“: all hours!” word
Still worth getting checked on with such an important event coming up.
STOP BYE GET FREE TICKECT TO VALENTIMES RAFFLE! FREE LOTTO TICKET BETWEEN 2-4PM SUPPLIES LIMMITED! FROM ! FREE RAFFLE! WE BUY GOLD,SILVER!
Perfect weather in LA, who wants to come street skating with us?!?
ILL NEVER LET YOU GO I'LL NEVER LET YOU GO
Governor Perry, nobody wants a child for a president.
Before you came into my life I missed you so bad! I missed you SO SO bad ;) #NotEmbarrassed!
Kevin good morning, hope all is well. The Google Local listings we do for Pool guys, get amazing results. Call (949) 407-6253
"get on the championship channel"
Things change, People change, but one thing remains the same if your true to yourself.. your heart & soul.
Thanks all, Sean Putman, outside Detroit with my head spinning after this :)
The Purpose of Life is to Live a Life of Purpose! - Richard Leider ~ What's yours?
The report on stop & frisk is terrifying. I knew the issue & thought I knew the extent of it. Before I was mad. Now I'm outraged.
Tonight is the night! Magic Castle!!
Is it wrong that I've already looked up pictures of Ryan Tannehill's wife?
Note buy chair for desk, but w
I love you . Please retweet or follow me (:
Got a 19 out of 20 on my speaking assessment in Spanish <U+270C>
haha yea lyn Pedro and Adrian u know which ones are about Pedro
so perfect I can't sleep :D
One person dead another critical at a house fire in south Minneapolis. More at 8 on
Hey you need tot text me back:)
Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, "Do you know how to drive this thing?"
shows up 5 minutes late. Event starts without him.
Im sick i hope it doesnt get worse it can go either way...
Any reports of damage from the tornado warnings? Where was the rotation?
how long are you going to out in the lots today?
My teeth keep biting me
We appear to be available generally again (thanks, ). Let us know if you're still blocked from accessing MTPO.
We are celebrating Poetry Month with readings in the Artsgarden today starting at 12:15.
ha! Awesome. I will when i get off work!
i can contrl myself. though people dont think so. lol but my liver is a champ. haha.
Are there any restrictions on cameras for the matches?
Y'all sleeping on Lloyd Banks lol
twitter+tumblr+food= happy happy joy joy
That would be awesome!
and brag about getting the "hottest" bitchez ~fat~
I gotta multitask better
If we should get separated, just whistle. I'll come running. I promise.
From at LeMoyne College: "Don't ever be surprised about what's being said about you in real time." Good heads up!
What must sex be like for you then? Oh my.
Mike Wallace needs to realize he isn't even a top 5 receiver in the league and just sign your contract
I didn't even know they were still around
(Jen) Was working at the dining table to knock off some tasks, now moving to The Cave for more focused work. Listening to Swell Season.
HAPPY EASTER #PITTSBURGH FANS!
thx so much...I'm going to Italy soon...great advice
Rest in Peace John Stott.
you're beautiful :p
motherfucker once thought it'd be funny to refer to me as "Cudi"... #WhyDoIStillLiveHereEven?
Hopefully just chillin with my sissy today.
More new arrivals...Savinelli's 20th Anniversary cigar is now on the shelves of our walk-in humidor and is an instant hit!
Once a good girl gone bad, she's gone forever
Hey Bullets Fans, what's on your agenda today?
- how long since you've lived there? Half the town was employed at International.
I believe. Would love nothing better this afternoon for to manhandle the Pats. I'm a fan.
Don't worry - there's a NYC #THATcamp in the fall!
I have visited your tea lounge in San Francisco and loved the ambiance! Would love it if you followed us back :)
the censored google logo is a nice touch.
Had a great time too; all that was missing was bubble tea.
Beyond scared straight
The world needs more of this! " I just met with the homeless woman...and we've mapped out a plan to get her off the streets."
So close. Yet so far away.
Check YouTube-HIT SQUAD REUNION
If you have to constantly remind Facebook how much you love your boyfriend, you may have problems..
Just happy being me.. !
an excuse to kick you in the junk?
I just learned what a beta reader is.
Re: Delaying driver intro's is ike having a velvet Elvis in your bathroom.
Pretty! I'm always a fan of updos.
wild, huh?!? How has your freedom been so far?!?
we drove two blocks, got out of our cars, some dude started saying stuff, got in cars, left. 5 mins of Bmore is all I need lol.
RT : We are like angels with just one wing. We can only fly by embracing each other. Anonymous
Oldest decided to give "MOM" a code name for the weknd so as to not upset the youngest. She will be known as NEMO this weknd.
Kudos to you for locating Brownie's owner! A feel-good moment. Wish I could've seen more of the story.
Well, I'm an omnivore and would love to try 3 Little Pigs.
likemind is tomorrow around the world, and in Chicago at Argo Tea at Adams and Dearborn in the Loop - see you there!
Our new shower head makes you feel like you have cum shots on your face!!
Every time I see #MegynKelly I just can't stop thinking about "Pepper spray--it's a food product, essentially."
True dat, Hunter!
Thanks for this, great article.. would have missed it were it not for your tweet!
The love i feel here in Milwaukee is intense. It is raining & i am playing bar dice with some of the best people ever! God Bless this town.
I think you'd like it. Zombies, open world, gore, lots of stuff. Congrats on the marriage btw. That's some killer shit.
The one that I said I needed to read The Hunger Games
#10FactsAboutMe I'm really shy at first when I meet someone.
Fuck off Facebook...
shit got serious
I found my poems! They were lost in cyberspace for years! Wow, a time capsule.
The French theory of economics and response to the growing specter of catastrophe still appears to be "Let them eat cake"
Now soldiers, march away and how thou pleasest God, dispose the day.
and jessica made it :D but joshua is incredible
The Wi-Fi on this train is routing via Sweden, Google is appearing in Swedish. National Express East Anglia
. Right, online also improves conferences. Allows discussion to overflow proscribed times when useful
And it's time for the reference desk. I should have taken lunch first.
Who just ordered a Raspberry Pi? This guy! Should be here in...a month :/
Why does it seem like my name is always spelled wrong or mispronounced?
Oh, I think I'm getting sick.
Could there BE a better cold day lunch special? A Petite Grilled Cheese Sandwich with Jack Cheese, Cheddar Cheese, and Tomatoes, served...
Exhaustion. Swinging around punchy.
“: Headed out to Lunch.. Any takers I'm Buying :))”/. Where we going? ;)
Thanks to for the lovely interview this morning! Video and recap will be up on our blog soon.
Can't wait for the lakers to lose!!!!!!!!!!
Jill Peterson~ It is because they took the easy way out That rivers and people go crooked.
What time are the ustreams tomorrow??:)
I'm a jealous person .. What can I say:/
Decided for straight chronology over forms of social complexity.
I wanna go!
Slick wanted to go to school today...
Saying HEY to all my new #followers!
Can't go through this stress again tomorrow!!
*Ahem* How about Austin's kewlest indie fashion design collective? ;)
Obey the TRuCK!
Back in Potomac after a great week in Stone Harbor.
At home and sick...and the playstation network is still down...lame
My bitch bad looking like a bag of money
I see you
"Most orgs are filled w/people spending 90% of their time doing the easy part; the tasks that require little insight & have no ambiguity..
Fort Mill, SC is very nice. Nashville has over 20 Y's.
": I been ready to hop up on a dick n do a full split and eat a bitch out"i got u holla
“: Girls make better drug dealers lol”
yes. My whole semester been like this. Reason I always be mia :(
Tonight's Special: 1/2 lbs Sirloin Patty, Mama Lil's Peppers, Bleu Cheese, Caramelized Onions, Aioli, Lettuce & Tomato on a Kaiser Roll.
HAPPY BeLaTed Birthday i saw shoes at the store and it said bella so it reminded me that i forgot to say happy birthday
Late aft wx models consistent at keeping bulk of snow just south of immediate area: 1-3" possible, with some slick spots for AM commute.
Alex is the family wizard???
"Anyone can be heroic from time to time, but a gentleman is something you have to be all the time.” - Luigi Pirandello
Its great to hear stuff like this from players up in the league. You got fans out here in Boston.
Thanks guys. We appreciate all you do for the #foodtruck community here in DC.
Or short term liquidity problem. | RT : Endorsement or joining the race?
#TaylorLautner #Cool #TeamKirkandBrad I am wearing my Team Kirk shirt right now. Starting a trend.
#mattdamon = honorary member of the
Just bought my senior citizen clothes for tomorrow. It's about to go down
Duguid:Librarians know about the structure of information, not necessarily information itself. There they have the edge on Google.
Cheers Jason. Happy to be here and thanks.
I'll bet you a pair of Walt Williams' socks the Kings don't move.
i attempted it..
Christmas is already here.. (:
hi sean!! how are you? i miss you & jade a ton!! will be in cali 13-20 we should catch up... :-)
hey, when is the team store gonna be updated? cant wait to get me jersey!
Building a flying saucer for an old school special effects video.
separate, they're both very talented. Together they are enablers who drag each other down.
Vision without execution is a daydream. Execution without vision is a nightmare.
Want to manage your lines through the web? We're rolling it out TONIGHT. Add/Delete your lines online and then run them on your phone!
The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.
got it chief
Can we get links to the Japan and cancer videos shown during lunch? Thanks!! Tearing up at
stay strong we all got ur back =)
pnuemonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis....lung disease.
S/O to my boy Have a good one!
It was hopping in there today! Thanks for your help w/ the City Life materials. Look for an e-mail from me soonish.
Thank you for following me Orlando. You're my favorite young actor. You were da bomb in That's so Raven. So proud of you O
It must always relate directly to how life is better for everyone
Caller: "Have any cute soft bunnies?" Us: "We do! So Cute #JellyCat R the best & we even have HABA 4 the wee little ones"
a phaser and a pimpin' ring. That guy is made of win. I can't even put together ikea furniture!
we will be coming up at some point, and i will let you know for realz
oh alright
Believe in your dream, believe in yourself, with hard work, then the magic happens! Jobs get booked. Agents get signed.
haha o yea but still:}
24: 1 every hour. I dare you to! RT : How many red bulls are u allowed to drink in 24hrs???
Yes. There are so many other series/heroes/legends out there that could be tackled.
yahoo news writes a lot of pointless crap. and i still read it -__-
Back from furlough and cleared over 1000 emails from box, high incident of OOR spam...
If Ron Artest is Metta World Peace then Manny Ramirez is Metta Domestic Violence
hey you at home? Im at Lee's right by you.
Congrats on graduating!!! Also thanks for the picture we definitely have it on our fridge! Lol
it won't let me follow u back
haha yes please! :D
Experiment #2 with coconut milk using the crockpot was, I think, a success! Much less water loss, haven't tasted it yet though.
Been using Screens by to manage my remote Mini - not sure how a game would hold up though
very cool - thanks for sharing!
My legs are so muscular. Its nice that I have muscle but them mile runs aren't very easy:(
Excited to #run tomorrow. Officially on the mend!!! Only 8 months to heal.*sigh*
Oakland woman thriving in dressage - San Francisco Chronicle
aww thats cool!! Ill probably have to get it bootlegged!! Lol!! Jaykay!!!!
Fuck all DRUGS DEALERS.
GOAT RT: The make show girl show not like the stupid dumb fucking piece of shit The Glee. He make most intelligent
I'm a big bitly fan, if a tool doesn't sync with my account, I'm less-likely to use and recommend it #diehard :)
Damn put the #stanford on suicide watch!! 2 missed field goals in the last 5 minutes
Yes, it's from your "Argument in favor of the kindergartener." My 6-year ol' sings lead on album tho' Mama replaces him for this one
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate don't order nothing you wouldn't order if you was paying
I shall call him Squishy and he shall be mine and he shall be my Squishy. Come on, little Squishy. [stung] Ow! Bad Squishy, bad Squishy! ha
It does feel like there's a bit of a glut in more "traditional" areas of LIS, but maybe it's also an opportunity to branch out?
Tropical green smoothie and organic Mac and cheese
lol. It's dope at the end.
So many #NFLdraft tweets & I'm helping pack listening to 'I love the 90s' on #currentlyplaying Jay-Z "Can I Get A..."
Indie Thursday !! Music starts at 10 with performances by The Pick Brothers followed by The Crunge Tribute Band. No Cover
Going home to do laundry and to read for my test tomorrow.
I'm writing a #onedirection fan fiction If u think I should tweet it RT this! If I get up to 20 RT I'll tweet it! =)
Idk what the. Eveey time i send someone something it takes them 483839 days to.get it. Idk what im dooin wrong
Knock this run out, then knock out some Woodford during the game!
haha super creepy !! ^.^ lmao I know that's what I'm doing :) I'm shopping !!
Thanks for the follow back! And, for checking out the website www.GetDealsTextedtoyou.com Have a great day!
Angelina Jolie looks terrible, I don't understand why "Hollywood" praises this woman.
She favorited AND retweeted my tweet....
you up n at em for work?
Bout to tear up some long John silvers. Just hope it doesn't tear me up lolol
Red Sox fan comes back to win after down 3, just like BoSox in 2004 ALCS.
Watching softball
Getting off of here bye
Just found out etsy has mobil now =) I'm a happy bird
Self or independently published...Thanks for asking, tweeted again with more clarification!
Happy Easter, fans...here's to Jesus, the original zombie!
The new 2 and half is more like ONE AND HALF!! The show is opposite of winning
thanks! Can you help me with the others?
It's been one hell of a day at work, only 1 and a half hours left!
Heading to
That was probably the best tweet we've recieved all week, haha.... just kidding- He's all grown up!
Breadsticks from fazolis sound amazing at the moment.
for a mission trip.
Did you already make the move? I need deets about your location, excited to see you soon!
If you own a restaurant, I think your business email address should be .
yes.. they do.
wats up wit lil sis tellin me she know who u are
Let the love in your heart be the voice that guides you. ~Jackie L. Robinson
My Blues made it now time for the Pens to even it up.
I hope you dont mind that I put down in words how wonderfull live is, when you are in the world. To Aaron, my crush!!!
they're after you
lmao, for your mama u said it
Thanks. Let me know what you think. Big announcement in a bout 10 days
Did they already pillage the Numero Group pop-up shop?
Visual heat maps don't have much impact when they are printed out in black and white. Must read on the screen!
beautiful here in Springfield! Hot!
Look for Melissa Simmons who is representing
Happy Halloween!
Now playing dodgeball
An exciting fashion-tech biz : TrendSeeder - give emerging #designers a space to showcase their designs.
I'm actually kinda surprised at the amount of ppl in the gym at 10 on a Friday night
that was not the video I meant to send...
Watching #MADE on MTV and I'm kmsl at this tag that's trying to be a rapper I haven't seen this in so long!
Fave quote, Lady Astor: Winston, if u were my husband, I'd poison ur tea. Churchill: Nancy, if I were ur husband, I'd drink it.
Anyone else expecting to pop out now on this "Like a Prayer" #Madonna song?
Faith is the confidence that what we hope for will actually happen; it gives us assurance about things we cannot see. - Hebrews 11:1 (NLT)
playing drums at rockwood 2 tonight. Have a great show!
My pool is at 80 degrees. Officially backyard pool season!
new music creators are welcome to
RT“ I feel like I've wasted too much time on the wrong people, but at the same time I've learned alot so its all good.”
seen it!!! Not that good. You will have like a million questions by the end!
you? i seen it and was like, awwwwwh.
thats #winning moment when your one of the few (as of now) that follow on viddy :D
Now you know you're old if you're laughing at Mash...
inspired kid movie rating system. How many glasses of wine to get through it still sane? Lion King 2 must be at least 2.
Office candy bowl, why must you tempt me with your chocolate deliciousness!?!? If only it was filled with nerds or sweet tarts.
lmfao hell yea
good. Here on my lunch break. I miss you. Can I see you this weekend?
Does it matter what they give? we get one of our guys at 3 or 5. might as well add an extra mid-round pick
OMG THAT PLACE SOUNDS SO GAY
enough with the #'s! you'r not cool... tough love...
Great job to todays directors..Sarah, Sophie, Brittni, and Kyle!
Ok... I keep checkin like every 10min. Lol. I see #1-4 then it goes straight to #8 and
Oh I love those two songs I'll listen viva la vida right now !*)
Quick Hits: Toddler Facebook Profiles – Too Much? In today's Quick Hits, we talk about toddlers on Facebook, Facebook's new "t
you started painting my cooler yet?
I'm around the corner at 2012 campaign coverage.
as in the singles crowd....duh
"this item can be considered as a piece of future archaeology, a container of information contemporary to its making"
Only the best for us #priorities RT many thanks to for the ticket upgrade to first class
Working on developing contacts with real buyers for REO's, T-Strips, CMO's and Bank Guarantees
- bring Scott down to Fort Lauderdale :-)
Passing through Manchester Vt and lots of vacated store fronts. Even in the outlet center. Yeah, things are great. NOT!
Thanks to everyone that came out last night and especially to , Harper and of
Hm, that must be when dinosaurs ruled the Earth, if not before.
of course! Thank YOU for getting the word out there :D
so was I loll
old man driving a car with "i love kids" bumper sticker....those damn kids.
So, does anyone know anyone who's hurt themselves (at least a little) walking/texting at same time? Msg Pls RT
That moment where a friend breakup may be on the horizon??
I am watching you live on WSOP.com. You are doing great!!
What will we be having on the menu this morning? I think I'll have life.... Sunny side up =)
How romantic!
Btw good morning tweeters!
o awesome! Did you guys win?
Enjoying a day/night off so the radio show is a rebcast from last week. Greetings from and . Happy Holidays all!
You guys, I ate a bug while running outside tonight. I don't like bugs!
David Coleman: We need to distinguish between a careful reading of text (for evidence) vs. rifling through it for evidence
check out the new video clips on our reverbnation account.its innovators music
If WFAN discussed hockey year-round, I'd never listen to any other radio station. That said, I'm enjoying these last few weeks.
I haven't had a bestfriend date n a while I think we could use one soon
Eww.. :( Lol I had two frogs in a tank from the pet store, & like, one died cause the fat frog ate all of the food. D: I have take it out-.-
Y'all need to cheer!
Yep! Ask Sylvester or adeola for my number. :3
To all our new followers: how you doin? ;D
awe. Were all here for u guys.
He's so cute when he's mad(: he's so entertaining(:
I was looking for myself last night, too...
…while wondering what happened with the bunch that couldn't win on the road to save their diddly-poos
Hope somebody did this homework,
To all my producer friends, I am begging you.....enough of making every "reality" show have a stereotypical gay queen sidekick.
:D don't worry lick spaghetti
Ok. I'm not even gonna lie. I am drunk.
Did the room erupt in laughter after that? Wow.
RT : Less than 200 tickets remain for Saturday's #RIT hockey game @ Blue Cross Arena. Sellout is imminent
lounge piano and lemon (re)duck(s) 3/22- no percussion will actually be harmed in this non-percussion at all performance. ;)
RT : "Don't just want to make baskets; want to swish baskets" Rick Torbett
hey there pretty girl, how are you?? I haven't talked to you in a while!! Hope you're doing great!!!
and we have the best singer/friend
ha, your work?
#Cascabel was sold-out but I think I was the only person in the entire theatre who brought Tupperware :-)
Now I'll read the review, just thought I'd give you some quick props.
Haha I'm aware of his stats. Just having some fun.
Well, made it home.
If a man is proud of his wealth, he should not be praised until it is known how he employs it.
End of tour strip club blowout! I have literally no money left. EVAR.
#bones in 2 minutes!!
Adolph Monod God gives us dreams a size too big so that we can grow in them.
aren't you in Florida?
ok thanks
Thank you to:, , , , for following me!
I didn't win the Powerball jackpot in case you all were wondering..
I want to see the otters too! I like that they said: "And they're pretty damned adorable."
Students should do more collaboration across grades. Be sure to ask older students what they learned.
There is something inside me that makes me come out of every situation smiling...... OH! Its called #selflove. #gogetchusome ;)
Did you hear??? I Love My Job!
UGH...is there a "tummy bug" going around or something? Migraine, pukey, tired and weepy. Sorry, yeah I'm having a pity party...
RT : Need Mario Williams to wear #64 so the #Bills media staff can go crazy with Mario64 graphics/sound effects at the game.
Revival - Music revitalises in the morning and calms in the evening.
Getting ready to go to my aunts house :)
Why did my family buy turtle food? We don't own a turtle!? :p
Thanks! Whats on your mind?
less time promoting storefront art, more time putting art in storefronts. commonplacearts.wordpress.com
Thanks! Could you also tweet that I have a great lecture titled "How to Put Your Brain on the Internet"?
thank you jam <U+263A>
Librarians w/ebook collections in their schools, what is your advice for a committee of librarians figuring out what to do, buy, think?
send the boys some love
The kid Max in Where The Wild Things Are.. running and barking at the dogs...I can dig that homeboy.
sorry to please a whore.
Dare to Learn speaking now
Congratulations Dan!
Library as Starbucks: place to be a human being
I saw a total of zero Oscar movies this year. Good thing. It frees me up for Sunday evening.
We love you too!
Me too
Receiving a gift card to Kohls is like not receiving any gift card art all.
BOY DO I. Overnight some to ATTN: MY MOUTH, pls. RT Cookies. knows what im talkin about (@ The B-Line Diner)
All of the above :-)
Hello to all ya'll who I havent spoken to in a while :+) what's good?
RIP Junior Seau
Gonna be one of those days where I don't get anything I want done.
OMG Laughed my ass of..lol
My dog in the fight is the one who doesn't say black studies = "blame the white man"
So will Joe take Flynn's talents to Miami?
Mane the #Knicks on where my nigga at?!?!?!
defend yourself and don't stop until you feel secure
thx tuck! hope to see you soon homie.
Saying No, Breaking Rules, Heeding the Voice of Conscience in Dark Times, with Eyal Press, Tuesday 1 pm
Gators #1 Overall Seed for LAX Tourney!
BREAKING NEWS: I just bought Wishbone on DVD.
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to tweeting with u
At my apartment at the polos, on superbowl sunday (february 5th). Youre not in the BOE Facebook group anymore? lol
5 hours on the river + no sunscreen = one cooked giant.
Visiting #drupa? You must see the special performance by du Soleil in hall 8b - fantastic! #xeroxdrupa next one at 13:45 today
#BestofDCElection2012 Best combination of colors on a sign? GOP candidate
Ate so much cant even button my pants. Totally worth it.
RT: Very true RT : Love only hurts when u lovin the wrong person ijs
You are just too darn cute. RT Just a day in the life of being a Badger.
misses - Come visit!
I wanna go home
Now you've got me tearing. Hugs of thanks
It's So Fun Talking To You (: You Make My Day
The two most commonly grown varieties of the coffee plant are Coffea canephora & C. arabica.
Whole Kentucky starting 5 left
Looking forward to the weekend
One of my favorite Pandora statiosn is "90's pop hits." I highly recommend it.
Need a HOT #mix from a known #mixer and a top #NewYork #studio? Hit me up
Whenever my daughter hears (or says) the word "butt," she falls out laughing.
hahaha we shoulda!!! But al those other girls were screwing it up!!!
Are you allowed to shave your mustache on a playoff beard?
So happy that it is Friday and Spring Break lies ahead of me at the end of the day. A whole week of adventure with the kid!
No surprise there! Karma will get all of them eventually!!
Fun night. I like dressing up. Now to find something to do today..
A 17 year old soon to be HS senior just gave me girl advice. I dunno what's worse, that he thinks I need it or that he's probably right.
maybe if I could just get this geometry final and test out of the way I would feel better..
I know(:
Chris Davis who I put in my lineup today in place of Pujols, goes 0/8, while Pujols hits 1st homer of year on my bench... -_-
What a six-pack, would love YOUR meat in MY bum...
RT "So, we need to love everybody (emerging artists and established groups)" -
Today is the day I go c
I just made other upgrade
Curiosity killed the cat!
I love everything they've ever done. It's all different, but that's the point of music. Learning and trying new things!
Shawty so wet I had to swim in!
Namu Gaji grand opening tonight!! Team Cater2.me has missed them so.
u2, r u having a big dinner??
Yeah... I guess life is a bitch!
they know they know they know
Seriously I've been playing it for 2 days straight.
sez "We would like to assure you that we do not endorse the views expressed by Rush Limbaugh." Paying him is support. Try again.
Gonna become an Ordained Minister this Month...If anyone out there might be interested???????????to Cool
fastest first round #NFLdraft right around 3 hours. Last fastest was 3:28
Will I be seeing you?!?
Whores shouldn't have pets, that's dirty.
is never going to notice me. ): #Never :/
yup. I said it!
Class kills me on days like this.
Don't miss Zumba fitness @ I Hear Music In The Air Conference May 19th @ Word of Deliverance .www.ihearmusicintheair.com
LOL. I will do a post about it as soon as I figure out how to do it myself!
-Hi Jodina, do you know sailing terminology in Italian? My mother & I need an Italian language tutor twice a week at least.
totally hold off. Don't want to mess up the mower... #greatexcuse #lookingoutforequipment ;)
them Lakers took that L SMH
lmbo I feed you.
Bruce Arians may be the Colts new OC by Monday. Arians was Manning's QB Coach for his first 3 seasons in the league.
AVB sacked. Please bring back Mourinho! :)
About to spend some quality time with my Baby Girl today. Check in with you guys later.
I got attacked by a bird today. What the hell. ~Mackey
I like it rough. ^_^
Finals this, summer that.... I have two midterms today, I hate the stupid quarter system.
well deserved recognition!
To be loved and trusted by those who know us best is life's greatest compliment
it's the most wonderful time of the year!!! .....not
I'm homeless Nigga Woo Swag. -_-
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy Give me free food :D
I'm upset but excited bout move to Florida... I'm so jealous right now
my alarms about to go off :(
Going to my sisters dance compition this is gonna be hella legit
yes, although that scene (and whole series) reflects more poorly on directors as a group than LDs.
thanks! xo
who do you think is dumber? The guy or the girl? Purdy sure that dude was as dumb.
New followers? Welcome to the madness boys!
shoutout to the dickbag next to me who interrupted me telling my wife that I'm late since he thinks this might be the quiet car.
DIDN'T I BLOW UR MIND THIS TIME... DIDN'T I??? ;-)
lol you guys saved the world in 10mins that's way too fast other guys saving the world take 2hrs haha #ProHeroes lol
By bullpen, I meant DH. Haha. Chris Davis!
Madeline Marquez with the Business Initiative Corporation of New York joins the HPNG Entrepreneurs Conference speaker roster.
Follow ! Currently buying back text books!
OH YEAH, OH YEAH! LET'S HAVE A STUDY PARTY. I'll bring cake.
and if I complained, instead of being given kudos for attending and listening to women, id probably be labeled insensitive.
Everytime I say 'my name is' I always scream it like Eminem does when he's on stage.
So I found out I might be going to New York this summer. Maybe will ask her mother and come too(:
Many thanks to + for hosting
hahaha oh yeah :D
but youtube`s all messed up today=/ glad you are back tho!!=)
though i am currently truly studying
What am I suppose to say when I'm all choked up and you're okay.
What's this Gay Pride Day at Fenway?
who is the last member or our big 3? #ian ?
I've been great!! How've you been?
Love you all,
anyhow three people are going to get that last tweet. I know exactly who.
Beauty, n: the power by which a woman charms a lover and terrifies a husband
Northbound to Stillwater! Dad and I are going watch our #Pokes whoop up on K-State!
...However, a manual count shows it was mentioned 28 times. We'll be sure to include it next time.
LOL, you have no choice. ;)
The first thing 2 do is 2 identify the actual problem. We have done that & R now telling others. It is psychopaths. Ask me Y.
Rumor has it we maybe be attending a #Brewers game tomorrow?
Having to wake up early and being SUPER hyper <<<
3 months into trip and we are getting... tired.... I think we need to slow things down a bit.
Wearing the shirt I got from meeting the boyz to cheer
appreciate the follow back
I would bail out of jail.
I tell people at school that Tumblr is a religious cult and is only for people who are devoted to give up their souls for it . Hehe. c:
Thanks! I can't remember who gave me the idea. Was it you? ? Just glad to have a way to say "good job" w/o being creepy.
Hey, James, digging your Spotify playlists.
Hawt diggity dawg! We won! We won! We won!
professional results Comb-A-Color Quick Haircolor Applicator 1 ea !
Get some rest. ;)
"Not that I care to invoke Baudrillard, but to invoke Baudrillard ..." Will Dodson on Scream 4 & 4th stage of simulation
enough clean underwear
So 5am is definitely too early for me to be up and at work I'm gonna stick with the night shift my body don't function this early
drinking juice
sending lots of love!
Can we leave Lamar in LA?
Goodmorning Beautiful People!!! Have a Blessed Sunday!!! :-)
Hey guys don't forget! Moby Dick Read-along starts this week with chapters 1-26. Together we can kill this whale... er.... Read this book
I miss Three Six Mafia
oh gosh, don't get into a hot game of dice and lose your shirt! You still need to buy some parts for your FRC!
pump that pistol grip girl
As a Warriors fan, this #linsanity is sort of killing me. But I do love this kid balling out against Kobe.
You know those people who say you shouldn't wash blue jeans, just rinse them and let them dry out...don't those people smell terrible?
I'm almost home. I had To take a lil nap first.
That's awesome! Murph is bringing his social charm to twitter!
I'm old enough to recall the 30 second TV spot and 2 minute trailer for ALIEN in 79. That's all we got. It was perfect.
Only in America haha
seriously. everything.
Thanks. Guess we'll have to save that one for Hawaii. I too like the Into the Wild soundtrack.
& Buffett couldn't give a shit about lobbyists, opponents, etc. He'd day this is how to fix things, it will suck,deal.
hey JP, nice to hear from u. Things are well here in TX. I'll be in DC this weekend. Hope we get chance to catch up!
this has been a weird day.
yea lol I had my iPod on shuffle and that song poped out,that's the best track he has ever done in my opinion.
That creature's mouth is going to give me nightmares.
Tonight!!! Byrd and Lange Duo play live jazz in the cellar during happy hour!
Will this holiday season make you or break you?
Let's go caps!!
A woman just tried lecturing me about why an adenoid is better than an iPhone. Read that again...
yeah I think it was right around the time you started shooting Outsiders. :)
That awkward moment when the radio your work is playing plays a clip of adam talking about Trespassing and you flail to the volume button.
Thank you!!
We all the love the Superbowl, but it can't get you a job!
soundtrack by gHOST project. ;)
If you dont want someone gossiping about you, then don't gossip about other people
Super Bass
launch at with doing their sweet thang on the stage.
That must help alot.
Yay!! I can't wait! It feels so far away.
I'm waiting for the right woman because I want my next relationship to be my LAST !
Yo all u burque cats need to go check out the cellar door on Harvard and silver. Its a pretty rad shop!
one of my favorite bands ever. Killing Technology, Dimension Hatross, and Nothingface were just masterpieces...
Playing tonight at 7pm at Mulligan's in Westborough with Low Watts - its open mic night so bring your instrument and come ready to play!
Who from my site made this? lol
archive:// information/ recorded in any form/ that is made or received by someone or something/ and subsequently preserved/
Am I the only one in America who doesn't get Tim Gun? What? Why?
for where love?!
Scots got a BRUTAL draw though! Capital in second round, Hope in Sweet 16? Not going to be easy.
And of course I check the mail & find a coupon from Ulta.
thank you to everyone who texted me! i love you all, you have no idea how much you guys mean to me <3
guess what abbey. They ARE dating. Ugh. :'(
I just got to smash a giant big screen with a baseball bat. Best birthday ever.
It Takes Words To Hurt But It Also Takes Words To Heal
As soon as you stop wanting something you get it.
my mom better let me take a day off this week :p
A girl is much more than she seems. Not a toy by any means. Underneath all the hair and make-up is a sign that says : handle with care
know your busy Mr Maiocco thanks for the quick response much appreciated #CSNforlifego49ers!!
Then gon smile at me...
i need some beats
As much as we think we know who people are, we are not the surveyors of their hearts.
yooo follow back , serious business talk bro!
Instead of saying "no" when my boys ask for something, I respond in a made up jibberish language. Throws them off and cracks them up.
Ol' BOOF ahh other eye!! | ": " Looking at this bad bitch I'm giving her that sexy eye "
Txt me right noww
Just watched the music video for 'Real Love'. I had a great time working with So talented and humble
Anyone have any tips for studying for the ISC2 security architecture concentration?
Thank you so much for following me Will! I'm honored; and I am following you too! :)
NFL owners are paying 51% & NFLPA current players paying 49% of the negotiated legacy benefit. Is that what you are asking?
in a interview is there a way that you can put some statement they have in to question that can make them think more on the subject
Omg guys my birthdays in THREE days :D considering I wasn't excited in the beginning I'm pretty fookin excited now.
it was a good tomato. Heirloom? I'm not convinced.
"I wish my body would run when it's cold, but instead it's just my nose" -
#RoyalRumble great nite Thanks face hurts from laughing so much :)
Awesome! Anything else you would recommend?
Asking a Directioner who's your favorite member in 1D, is like asking a mother what's her favourite child.
Nice! Good day.
Issue #61 available online & at the shop 7 W. Monroe
and i have my first irish friend! I'M HALF IRISH YAAAAY. xx
I wish I was drinking tonight.
Can't wait for Ink to open - will make my rez as soon as humanly possible!
Who's gonna win MNF?
Happy mothers day gram I love you && miss you so much. I hope you liked your flowers #RIP <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I could not agree more with this statement. We're in first and I don't think we'd be here without Acta.
lmao. Leonas has good everything. I always get their chx sndwch w/ mac & cheese or the 3 cheese lasagna.
Facebook IPO: Declining op. margins, declining reveune, p/e 24 (google 5), CMV c. 99 times earnings. Value already maxed out.
From an Envelope to an Elephant, Lonestar Delivery & Process is prepared to handle your Rush Trucking needs. Call us today! 877-527-5737
Excited to be at church tomorrow, but I am drained and dog tried!
Starting at 8:00pm tonight, Only The Hits is LIVE! Today we will be releasing the first ONLY THE HITS COMMERCIAL!
(T)wo (I)n (T)he (S)hirt lol TITS
sharing real news!
I hope you alright
what??!! When is it supposed to open up? It's the best cupcake bakery. Ever.
follow back pplz
RT : Congrats to #Packers 2nd rnd pick CB Casey Hayward on signing his 4-year deal today
1st course with La Fete tonight - Golden and ruby red beet carpaccio stacks with frisee, chevre, and hazelnuts with a hazelnut orange vin
You Give Me Headaches .
Steiner Ranch evacuation is in effect. The Johnsons out safely.
awwwh! you're so lucky.(:
leaving the Y
wishes all his US friends and family a magical holiday weekend...
Say what you mean! Mean what you say! Should be easy you freakin jerk! #ivehadituptoHERE!
Dan Kinsella rocks... Allison needs a cocktail!
Trying to guess which salty old cat ladies on my flight are indexers and going to my same conference.
shout me out punk (:
Have you heard of ? I have not been but heard it is great.
Oh goodness that looks glorious.
good morning love <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Listening to Incognito "The Less You Know"...:) today is a musical day..I have to redo my music team..somehow, some way..
Glad I'm a Packers fan and not a Jets fan.
RT : Need a website?? Hit up > or
Dumb ass ebanks they gonna suspend yo u for taking off ur jersey I guess u didn't learn anything from bynum last yr smfh
of course!
I thought I did... It says TeamBurnhamTX on my end ?
RT Fun night ahead with
timely stories is the reason your design is awful? headlines & captions arent written & hold space for stories that dont exist
#iReallyHateWhen a girl posts a obviously revealing picture of herself on facebook and then complains about all the guys talking to her.
agreed! love the theme of displacement Matthew Weiner described in the "sneak peek" of the season at the end. sigh. good stuff..
Texas Tech Head Coach Mike Leach on with Bruce Jacobs Right Now on The Fan AM 1060 and streaming live at www.azsportstalk.com
Forgive me if this is repeat, but what are you doing in Seattle afterwards?
yep anticipation for #AASL11 is reaching fever pitch amongst the 'rs please drop by booth 330.
Vmware conference today, good thing they have free coffee :-)
"Hi!! Welcome to Hollister!! Here's your flash light and your gas mask!!"
Good Morning
Aunty Stop calling me o... I hate midnyt calls.
Cause i have a feeling tomorrow my wardrobe is gonna have new clothes :)
Thank you and Clay Vaughn for getting me hooked on the word "yo" and other such terms. My grammar has been corrupted.
Thanks for all the great ideas. Next stop: world peace.
Good Morning! It's a wee bit early, but O/T is knocking 2 loud for me 2 sleep through. Hope your Friday is smooth & happening!
Be modest, be respectful of others, try to understand. ~ Lakhdar Brahimi
Welcome aboard! RT : I'm super excited about being awarded a membership grant! This will be a GREAT opportunity.
Ladies are absolutely FREE!!!! If you're not planning a TOPTIONAL summer what are you doing?! ;-)
Keep up all the GREAT work buddy :) Rock of ages movie FTW ;)
oh man, radiohead was in mexico city last night? one of my favorite bands in one of my favorite places.
No guitar war, I luv Stevie, who wouldn't. Just discussing ax
Oh, and if you want to re-tweet our previous tweet, we won't mind at all.
so jealous haha
thank you for the mention...We appreciate that very much!!
yea we all second that ally!
Many are called, but few are chosen
Has anyone trained their dog to make them coffee yet?
RT : "We must retake the Senate & we must take the Senate w/ Constitutional Conservatives!" -Rafael Cruz
Thanks for the #FF, and hope you have a fantastic weekend (and good weather!!) :)
Sometimes I forget that youtubers are real people and therefore capable of being mean too.
THANK YOU!
In their 2006 Annual Report, China's National Archive lists 39,202 papers in 534 boxes, 47 videotape rolls, and 7,222 audiotape rolls.
ISO of someone to video upcoming events. Any recs appreciated. DM me.
Eric B (of Eric B and Rakim) is following Mitch Freeze on Twitter. How cool is that?
Final game I have N Carolina beating Kentucky 84-78. However, next year #TheMovement wins it all!
I recant...I make me #happy, am I down?
somebody is always there
You're more boring than watching a poor family on House Hunters!
Should we start live-tweeting the stoned backyard conversation Stu is having with his furniture sales co-worker?
Join us for Armed Forces day with a ride from Hal’s H-D to the Museum, followed by food, an inspirational ceremony, and music, May 19
That's so very, very true ... I'm ready for it! Just sad that one of my other favourites SECRET CIRCLE got cancelled. :(
love you too baby girl!
I think I'll start calling you Ms CEO!!
One of them would have to put us in chains ans make one of us a slave again for that to happen...
Jon Stewart should run for president after Obama.
he needs to start at the stadium and make circles towards dfw
Studying for #lawfinals at - I'm kinda in love with this place!
Thanks! I'll def. be giving it a try!
WOW!!! Angel Taylor's "What's Coming To Ya" just did it for me! She sounds so beautiful as always!
your the best thing thats ever been mine !
<------ Live and Breath Miami Real Estate
Why is the the dog or crazy guy always called charlie in all the shows.
how come !! Did she like say why u couldn't !
I don't get the obsession or excitement over the Doritos Locos Taco. It wasn't that great.
Surprised there is no one overseeing so that it can't go too far one way or other.
LOL peyton we need to get you some glitter for that
So, how the FUCK my ex woke me up early as fuck this morning ringing my doorbell for like an hour asking me to be his girl again..
Pretty sure they're the same ppl but idk
LIKE OUR FACEBOOK PAGE!
WI’s invitation to a day of fun
please share your findings on said pill with us!! ;)
Yes!!! We have lots to talk about! Lemme know when you have a mo. Did you get the pic I sent you last night of Adam?
Last normal rehearsal tonight!! Tech starts tomorrow!! Ready????
"All I can do is be me, whoever that is." Bob Dylan
dude really. and we're not friends. she's a really hardworking reporter, and you are not being a gentlewoman
OH: you can munch on my tots!
Oh thank God. He finally has the ticket.
We're on foot and just sat for din-din. Will let you know when we finish!
Slow it down speed it up I'm just being me
to 'do the laundry' & 'clean up my room' could understand, maybe the rest of the world would follow suit."
Looking at buying white noise soundtracks on itunes. it's the only thing that gets our baby to sleep and not scream in the car.
"Only the young can break away, break away. Lost when the wind blows you on your own."
Since the #Steelers can even bump Tebow, can you at least give him flags then?
Do you really know what makes a Record sound differently than a CD? Charlie does, and that is why Insomnia is available...
Now that I'm leaving gulf coast imma just email every coach in America that's not D1 and see I I get lucky lol
we actually have one, it just hasn't been released yet, which generation?
When we celebrate #CherryBlossoms, what exactly are we celebrating? Nature, beauty, diplomacy, transience?
let's give Ashlee more air time and less to Teresa...no justification needed
Here is how bad, 1st baseman Gamel Toe out for the year, MVP soar achillies, and shut twice by the Pads! The Freaking Padres!
u left the whip in shorewood and got picked up?
I gotta feel alive, even if it kills me. Promise to always give you me, the real me. -Drake! Bumpin gangster music like a g
The right Exercises - and Equipment - Can Help Moms After Delivery - Seattle Post Intelligencer
#cody what do you miss most about not being famous?
"If they can make penicillin out of mouldy bread, they can sure make something out of you." Mahummad Ali
So impressed with the water-powered alarm clocks on fab.com this morning!
Glad I got these beats on my stress to take so of this stress away !
Sweet Kristen...miss you 2!
so random
Taking wife and daughter to dinner at Boneyard Bistro later on. Life is good. Happy Mother's Day!
Hahaha, I saw that. I was like 'I thought she hated Kaitlin'
So I'm pissed this pumpkin pie I bought needs to be cooked for an hr then cooled for 2 hrs b4 u cut the mf smh
"Ice Machine Is On The G Level." A sign in the hotel's elevator, and a lyric from my album as Ice Machine, a goofy '90s cake-talk rapper.
Explains post-game Polian posturing: RT : To clarify, when PM fails the postseason physical, he can work out at complex.
Derek Fisher? I'm not sure, just tell me. RT : Uh oh....... RT : Guess who would have made that 3 ptr…
I need tonight !
totally agree. Best part if the episode was her
Wtf horseflies still in my room!
I do not like the new mobile twitter, its annoying
So happy to have a wonderful girlfriend like her to call mine <33 only 3 days intel I get to see her <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
How are you guys spending yalls cinco de mayo on this lovely Saturday?? (:
Congrats to all the 2012 graduates from GW!!!!
i freaking love you. :)
you guys are the 99% but you guy are out black friday shopping...ok carry on.
#LagondMusicStudents Performing tonight at Everyone should come down for an amazing show!!!
RT “ : Give ur eyes a rest. Reduce eyestrain by looking away from ur monitor or other near work every 20 minutes.
awww she looks so sweet!
lmao : “: ARE YOU NOT ENTERTAINED???? *beats chest and kicks over chair*” (ah) must scream in the background
But he doesn't see that.
How'd it turn out, and did you poach it in white wine?
whoa...thats awesome.
woot! Congrats on review!
Yes. Ideally for 3 1/2 more months. RT Stunner: No network projections at 8 pm! That means we have to...wait for the voters.
Doing voluteering, I think its a good way 2 interact with other that don't have as much as we do . Don't you ? <3
when are you guys going to support at&t unlock? We are dying to get this done
YOU'RE NOT THE BOYZ TAKE A SEAT. MY FLAHVA IS ICONIC
I've tryed playing it cool but when I'm looking at you I can't dare to be brave. Cause you got that "one thing".
Michelle and I attended the Dallas Symphony Orchestra League Presentation Ball last night, Wow what a beautiful event.
One of my students is showing real potential...now if the kid's mouth wasn't so reckless
RT : Congratulations #SIIA member for winning the #CODiE award for Best Financial Management Solution
SYFY is producing the project that's loosely based on their hit show Ghost Hunters
Had an awesome weekend, minus today, today was pretty crappy. Ready to start this week. Last quarter as a sophomore! Time flies..
Do your best every day and your life will gradually expand into satisfying fullness.
Today, I'm going to play for them Pavarotti and Kermit the Frog in hopes of showing that we each have a voice to share. 2/2
did the availability of a twitter account factor into the name decision?
Hi, Giulia, do you export to the USA?
Venting to someone made me feel so much better
Just tried out FreshDesk, it's exactly what I need for creating tickets out of emails, no need to submit an update to start using it!
I'm interested in this narrative of taking america back/or Mitt's "restoring America" and relation to religion
It's a talent only a gifted few possess!
Two Chris Brown performances!!! Who does a person have to beat to stop this from continuing. Perhaps, I'll ask him.
its D.o.D
Still not seeing normals use it; only techies.
Ordering Insurance cover b-control, is creating an in-sugardaddy-ance for democratic men that want play without pay,
Heading out to WeHo with the sis
You made JV (:
Follow me back plz?=)
NO IDEA WHERE MY PHONE IS!! SMH
hahahaha omg that's funny at least you like ass and not some bony snitch
True “: TRUE or FALSE: KD and Westbrook are the BEST duo.”
A hug means I need you. A kiss means I love you. A call means I miss you.
I am now officially the sister in law of a doctor! Lol :)
no I can still dance I just have to take it easy.
awesome! Will do! Thanks! :-)
I only have 75 followers -_-
I got 99 followers and and and and I'm hammered
If you a Laker fan I know you Look'n Stuipd
that sounds... perfect.
Ron has the entire Blue team wrapped around his finger... You keep losing because you refuse to vote off your weakest player.
Chuck: UWM's business school... it's pronounced like it's spelled... 'LU-Bar' ... not lumbar.
Let's go, Hammel-Toe!!!
Radio Disney 30 CountDown The top 3 was.......... #3 )Ross Lynch- billion hits #2 )One Direction- Beautiful #1)Selena Gomez- hit the light
My ambition is to to be Rocky IV by the end of the month. Or close to it. Haha. Gym, work, gym...school in between those <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> I want Drago
When you do Things no has done before you get remember for a while.. You do it repeatedly and you will never be forgotten .. Hi Ke
RT : I was just thinking I really want to see a Napoleon Dynamite cartoon. Signed, 2006
So all morning I've been texting who I thought was about seeing Titanic in the theaters back in high school.....
Heading to the brewers game tonight... Who wants beast gear? Get it at milwaukeesbeast.bigcartel.com
I won`t be impressed with technology until I can download food.
ohh i see, that's chill then
we should all watch together next time! lol jk
Four words for ya..LEAVE THAT THING ALONE. Happy Monday!
Rainy days please go away
RIP Whitney Houston
thanks Karen!! :)
Just saw some Phi Beta Sigma ritual, special appearance by a few Alpha Phi Alpha members!
“: lol u haven't struck gold yet” lol girl Boom
Watching thor :-) here comes hawkeye aaahh I love them both
With #Braun's performance tonight, maybe can squeeze in a 5 second Brewers highlight between Yankees, Red Sox, and Pujols coverage.
you're not alone! A return tweet from him is my sole goal on Twitter : p
stop using Facebook as the primary communication method with his wife & kids
it's a small town and I'm the former mayor of unemployment land. Oh the irony.
Steve Blake guarding the Beard should be fun
Haha, make sure he gets lots of love while we're gone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Thank you to everybody who supported me & #EVAPRO in this 2011 yr. Bigger & better things to come next year!!!
THIS WEEK:The New York Top 30 Reggae Single Chart "IF I FOLLOW MY HEART" is
The cooler is pretty cool, but looks like a modern remake of an earlier variety. ^TR
Holy crap! Justin and 1D were in the studio together! Ah can't wait to hear the new music!!!!
It has been a great #TibetWeek 2012 here at !
Looking forward to what looks like perfect weather in Hong Kong this week
Nuggets fans face tonight :( My Face :) #Putsomemoneyup$
Taping the tape off is the worst part.
lol....no greatwhitenort who said my packers suck...unless that was you and then ...well... yes : p
Go Pack Go!!!
On way to see perform tonight! Excited to finally see those moves
well played :)
Opened LONG $AUDUSD @ .99093; 13% of the community volume is trading the AUDUSD with sentiment 92% SHORT
Aramis drops the ball in a run down and the Mets score and lead 3-0.
i cant..
Can you not get in everyone's business? Worry about yourself! Bitch.
I miss him <U+2708>
Hahaha, lately a lot of people have been asking me if I'm still friends with OF COURSE. She's my best friend EVER <3
it wasn't bad. If people are mad they need to calm down! Haha. I thought it was funny.
Boo is cute
With the 24th Overall Pick, the #Steelers pick #Stanford guard David DeCastro.
good news, considering....
Far from it, my man. I have zero confidence in them, and I'm an eternal optimist, so you know it's bad.
Oh I was gonna say, the bridge in Lville is closed down... I'm wondering if y'all are taking 74 down from Indy to 75.
Adjuncts in Richmond.
Thank you sports bar at LAX terminal for playing the #oscars and not sports!!! #tipofthehat weekend peak!
Elie Wiesel Quote of the Day: "Our obligation is to give meaning to life and in doing so to overcome the passive, indifferent life."
Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know.
Adults can get bad ideas from t.v. too.
Following the fiasco and their editorial note, I wonder what good scholarship has been done on the relationship between blogs [+]
I dont know how but I think I bit my lip during my sleep.
A great article! Butr how is this accomplished when protective silos and bureacracy are the norm?
RT : RT : A2. The owners. That is, customers. RT : Q2. Who controls a products brand?
Theres a reason I dont fuck with girls that go ti the same school as me. So much less drama
Ya Flow Sick...#MyShitDead!!!
Thanks, Betsy! Next time I have a pity party (which is often) you are totally invited ;)
At the dentist. This always sucks. Although the assistant is fun.
is actually being productive for once! Let's see how long I can keep the momentum going...
So happy the rain stayed at bay...at least for now :) We got a beautiful new terrace planted. Now for cleaning, pruning and final touches
WILL NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER NEVER NOTICE ME WHICH MAKES ME SUPER SAD!</3
I think that our fundamental belief is that for us growth is a way of life and we have to grow at all times. Mukesh Ambani
Stupid boys...
My sister just got a iPhone, and I'm still stuck with this piece of crap, not fair
thanks for following! you have to get us into your band rotation now... :)
man just saw for 125th time COMING TO AMERICA... Timeless success!
whoa, f'real? thought the lburg field trip was next week for the artist talk...
Thanks! was curious too. Hope to see you guys there for some tailgating fun!
Holy crap! Amazing! Real water torture cell trick
Thank you for following my tweets, Melanie!
Independent music is finally in strongest position it has been in years!
I'm so happy that Sidney Ofitt loved my book. Talk about a ringing endorsement. It makes me want to keep writing.
I'll never forget this day 3/11/09I came home from a normal school day&turned on the TV. VIVA,our German Music Channel only played sad songs
GOOD LUCK to my favorite running team tomorrow morning. Thanks for reppin' the D so well!
My bed feels great right now.
Just got my license :)
I love the strong stance Mr President
People telling strangers everything about them and their love life. Also we had to be back on the bus by 420~
Time is going by so slow!!!
Oh WHAT to do with my holiday weekend.....
Some people are so crazy and hateful! Get a grip!
Off to an animal related fund-raiser.....will keep eye out for single eligible men. Stay tuned!
u lucked up and beat us one tyme. And now all of a sudden they your team! Lol. Since september when u moved down here.
It just hit me that volleyball season is over :/
you'll be fine... yep FB never lies lol
Just 5 minutes left in our online auction!
Sure! RT : Planning June - Health Tech month - right now. Would you still be interested in hosting an #HAchat on tech ?
im already her so im watin on you
so the babymanderers are prepared for combat...
Well friends back 2 work! Again, congrats to as the 1000th winner. We'll be doing another contest soon! Much love 2 U All!
"Can't they understand there are starving white girls in Bayview who need their Chinese food"
Am I Ever Gonna Get That Pic Bro?? Lol
I have never said I can't do something. Have you? What your really saying is you won't. Instead say I can
smfh foolery at its best smh gd night I'm sleepy af
hope you win at the #ACMs tonight!
Sense my foot is completely fucked up! Wait till Monday bitch!!
i have one starter left from the draft, Elvis Andrus. every other player in tomorrows lineup is from the free agency. 7 guys on the DL.
why everybody loves me ? :D im just kidding:)
haha Seth you're ridiculous. Thanks so much man!
A toast to me! I just earned the SOCIAL pin on TouchTunes!
Thanks for the follow.
Thanks for the follow, Richard. You can blog about the Jedi Nighties all you want!
Hearing great things about lately. Nice to see Philly #startups doing so well! Had a chance to check out Private Beta?
so I got the broken screen app on my broken phone lol nasty
the real show Luck is a documentary about the con... season 2 debuting soon
thanks. No, motard bikes are large dirt bikes w/ street tires & stiff suspension. This is dirt.. but with lights to be street legal
3 weeks till rehearsals. entering that phase of pre-production where im dying to just get in a room with this cast.
KooKoo Bear Kids Designs Three Kids&#39; Rooms at Roswell Women&#39;s Club Designer Showcase Home Tour
- That was the best dress overall!
Does your mama know that your a freak
": bra are you STUPID ?! iPhones Over thisway ð<U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>" <<< my iphone broke too easily
. I think so. It's like the meds are supposed to balance out bad food. Continue to educate.
What could it possibly be? /te
futures in my hands, i hold it in my palms & speak in silent toungues.
Butler and Penn. It's the CBI, so not a usual night by any means.
Fades 2 Black Media is a global Multimedia company that creates some of the world’s most innovative content. F2BMG, YOUR FUTURE VISUALIZED!
“: When you have a crappy teacher and you just sit there thinking, "How the hell did you get this job?"
nice pic, Hamilton?
In the car with
I LIKE PUPPIES TOO LOL
Whatever song they play at Dick Clark's funeral is only gonna get a rating of 85 because it's tough to dance to.
don't play sports games
I hope you are feeling better soon! Being sick is not a fun way to spend your break!
Just listening to #GrandmasterFlash delivering #TheMessage "Don't push me 'cause I'm close to the edge... uh hu ha ha ha"
Im up all alone ; who wana call me
I just found out this past summer but I'm pretty sure I was just unaware of it. Discovered youngest then w off nuts
yup for a small fee
Just a frustrating buyers experience followed by sense of missed opportunity with store owners I have known for 30 years.
May 29. Technically, I'm full term next Tuesday. Son was born 9 days before due date so we're trying to hurry up, get ready!
sit down and chill bro
You dont form in the wet sand, i do
For the NIT Tournament to date our projected data is - ML 69% ATS 56% Totals 44%
time to write my essay! hurry up and just write down random shit
It's so cold in here!
Being off schedule, I have missed your tweets. Glad you are having a great time & the map was useful.
“: Yeah, you act like you dont even care anymore.” wtf I care lol THAT'S DIRRCTED AT ME ISN'T IT
Always a nice feeling to deploy latest version of app to device
Rozay, that's my nickname. Cocaine runnin in my dick vein.
thank you for following us, cool web site!
Who cares about Joe Paterno when we have a #stuffingshortage on our hands!!?!
School registration's tomorrow ..
damn right we are. Better tweet something brilliant!
Of all the regrets I've made in my life, I regret complaining about Naperville as much as I ever did. It's ma home
hm, maybe I should change my Twitter handle to that
Oedipus subpoenaed an amoeba and a phoenix.
Looks like has tapped their Nugget Nectar. Nice old school handle, guys! Enjoy the beer!
Organize, prioritize, delegate and dominate (aka take action). This formula can get you very far when applied to anything. -Zach Marcy
There are nerds in my basement.
I give it 2 weeks tops.. he was flirting with me the other day!
I hate being sick I cant fckin hear shit
UHall, why are you on a fire alarm spree tonight? Ah!
yes always. and thank you! it wasn't easy at first but TOTALLY worth it
TONIGHT | Ivy Lounge presents Skyy High Friday | Special Guest DJ! | Ladies Drink Free | | Doors open @ 9pm
Getting everything prepped for SXSW. Got to be up early in the AM to catch our flight. Did we forget anything? Last minute suggestions?
#CGXEmerge can not believe I am actually on the field at Cowboy Stadium right now!
thank you so much twinny <3
heyo. How was the weekend?
You're welcome! I hope you had a great weekend and wishing you success this week!
i had a jewfro
What's #topgeek?
White people wear the most terrible clothes and were so concerned about fashion.
How's everyone doing today? ;]
Facebook poll says 94% do not like new Facebook design. Wondering how many more people would have voted had you not had to install app...
No, YOU ARE! Also remind me to tell you about shenanigans with Keith on Friday, hahahaha.
Common Sense. Intuition. Experience. Knowledge. Wisdom. Understanding. MindFirstFitness.
Check out our new web site. We used mobile as our primary target experience. Runs on Google App Engine with content housed in Drupal 7.
I had a great day yesterday
Or be rhombus. RT Gallery Hop this weekend. Be there.
Where's Asian reporter Trisha Takanawa now bitches??!!
Miz is ok, but Santino has done a good job of making himself relevant.
RT : Enjoy $10 off our usual Gellish gel manicure price thru the entire month of May!
thank you! :)
idk damn lol search him up
Yeaa Family Meeting Tomorrow... Either He Got 2 Go or I Do.
you MUST. We want to MEET YOU.
House-Obsessed Homeowners Get Inspired by Social Media
Night yo :) sweet dreams !!! God is love:)
I bet we missed the same ones.
‘Max Payne 3’ Full Of Guns, Addiction And Drugs, But Is Really ‘A Game About Being Max Payne’ [TRAILER]
Four months have passed since a loaded hand gun left out on a table took our Josh. We love him ...pray for him...and think of him every day.
interesting- I think Romneys in for long haul. If similar to '68- no confidence in nation's direction- could win. Thanks John
I remember the duck boat crash..
best profile pic ever! Love me some ALF!
its sorta the same. not sure exactly whats different :/ i don't do mac
Just Found Out That My Two Best Friends Hate Each Other -__- And Just When I Thought Drama Was Over, It Came Back :/
please tell me you caught that
I sometimes come on twitter and don't tweet anything, just creep. ;)
Lastest IM Reviews Posts ANDROID TABLET PC REVIEW: Archos 7 8GB Home Tablet with Android (Black)
it's been a birthday <3 :)
I F**KING LOVE, CHIPTUNE MUSIC!!! =D
I don't know why people think others care what they're doing every single second of the day. Just saying. Btw. I'm a bitch. Get over it
Too far away for me to get it...
So done with this family
Maybe use smoke signals next time, Jenna? Ha.
So I'm at this loft party where Jason Bentley is Supposed to DJ and I'm judging everyone. Including myself. Why am I here???
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
Just got home after having a drink on our neighbor's stoop while Josie tooled around on skateboard she built this week.
he's def on our radar thanks to you and many others reaching out to us about him! thanks for the suggestion!
At chilis with mi famila work from seven to one (: text me or message me it goes to my phone.
They'll be better. They really sat back this game. Had a feeling this was how it would end up. Think he'll go with Theodore?
RT : A3 yes, how others see me is important and I ask for feedback to learn more
Very funny Scotty, now beam down my clothes.
Absinthe tasting in Miami today on friends boat,an of corase I forgot 2 take a sea sickness pill an now I'm feel like I want to die
stupid females make me sick . if he dont want you fall back quick ! ugh . #thirstyheffas!
manager. okay. and what kind of work? beating children? what type of work does the office do?
Thirsty Thursday!!! $1 off Signature drinks and Wisconsin craft beers! Who's thirsty!?!?!?!
All the time!
lol its funny listening to people at the bar on a saturday afternoon
If you refuse to answer the phone because it's "not your job", then why the hell do you give out the work number and tell people to use it?!
#sopa sounds delicious. Very sneaky!
Yup! See you there!
Good point
need a rillo
Remove Resistance in Sales. Have a conversation. No pain involved. shares savvy details w tonite 8pm
Cause bitch now I am single and ready to mingle
His bread selecting skills are questionable.
this might sound strange but I know what you mean and I do tread very carefully on their terrain.
Thank you so much for the shout out!
Closed the door to my OFFICE for the first time.
The day spent in right direction: Bally's I am back together with you.
Sag and Aftra merged, any thoughts?
Of course ;) I just thought it would be fun to comment.
youngest daughter (Chrissy) on Growing Pains. No, really.
a hangout is needed when we get out of school. Agreed?
Thanks for the follow, Lucy.
damn im tired as shit
Hey everybody - hit those play buttons now to get that first ad out of the way. Welcome to the show!
Woo! I live for happy hour! Lol
I believe that Jews and Arabs could live together. It's not a simple thing but I believe we could reach an agreement.
I just learned my wife was nominated for the WA Governor's Outstanding Volunteer Service Award. I'm super proudof her!!
I taught you well son
Have a great time. Grandkids are the best. Mine are within 90 minutes of my house.
U.S. Economy Grew 1.9% in 1st Quarter U.S. gross domestic product grew at a rate of 1.9 percent in the first quarter of 2011,
Yeah Hall of Fame QBs suck
Its not the money, it's the fact that the Romney's constantly make it obvious that they've NEVER TRIED to empathize w/ the 99%
songs that remind me of this time last year >>>
I am soo sorry! were just so good! hahaha I mean can't help it :P
C'mon Eileen!
Sometimes I feel like your worth it. But then I look back to all of the crap you gave me in the past. <U+2764>
#TRAPAHPEDIA2 IT WRITTEN N STONE
I wanna love u and treat u right
": "I don't ever ever wanna see you lonely, because your love is somethin that you just don't push aside" #BestSongEver <3
vanessa del rio
Not looking forward to being "30 & alone!!!"
Trying to think of a topic for my next webinar with
it could be that you need to do an update, or that #FB changed something & didn't let you know. They are notorious for that. :)
Can't stand the grating repetitiveness of KBCO these days: have switched to noboundariesradio.com at work. What to do with my alarm clock?
Excited 2 begin running Mens bball team's S&C starting Mon! Great opportunity 2 help these guys maximize their potential!!!
k I will when I get. Out of the car.haha c: and she wont let you?That suckss:/ dude iwas so scared!i was like..shaking!Lol!
Israeli candidate runs for Congress in Texas - Jerusalem Post
Sometimes I wished my birthday was during the school year.
Love the reference.
Thanks! It was taken in a suburb of Tel Aviv. There's actually a mall across the street, so much less badass than it looks.
Singing at #SCA with no voice yesterday = no voice today for real. Oh well, it happens. I'm glad I suck today as opposed to yesterday.
lol, you missed a project in health occ~
Whatever makes you happy but I would never, ever do that but I am older so thats the way I think
#drupalcon #ux Contrib module project pages need to have the download links in a sidebar, not at the bottom.
CLEVELAND MELVIN, JOSH SELBY, AND WILL BARTON.....WATCH OUT 4 THEM
The Swimming With Autism account is up and running!!
Paradise Helicopter!!! Let's go!!!
So what jersey should I buy for the ¤ ALL-STAR WEEKEND JAM ¤ ? ---->> THOUGHTS PLEASE!!
I am really scared to see what my cats have done to show their resentment for me being gone for 6 days. I hope it can be cleaned.
Saturday night, celebrating Wynton's 50th birthday at his pad; last night, at the birthday party for Esperanza Spalding. Jazz in the Apple!
coyiaaa ! that night was too funny. ctfu
RT friends are the family we choose ourselves
The two degrees (BS and BA) I am working on are incomplete. Am a senior in both. And I have a previous degree. Just started job search
ain't nothing like that old school R&B
Does a higher level player, when sidekicked down, get anything out of it, or is it all low xp & worthless items?
Shit I can't wait for Friday :P lol
Love the moment, and the energy of that moment will spread beyond all boundaries. - Corita Kent
Bout to take this permit test wish me luck guys
is giving everyone at #bigomaha $10 to donate to a project of their choice. I'm so pumped!
What did you do this weekend? Let us know what you did and how it was!
Hey Trina How is it going?
Yes, it's hard to get parents on board.But I find when I share the detrimental effects and what we can do instead that helps
Y arrasando en #Europa con SOLD OUT en every performance! #AyBendito neneee we are so proud of yoU!
changing my photo for my other Twitter and waiting for all my songs from Limewire to download!,uplate
I know right !!
haha nothing c :
Thanks Bitter lemons. You rock!
congrats!! Way to make our state step up!
Find me on "Draw Something" Username: saggyjuggs07
- well you know they say it takes the U.S awhile to get the good music from overseas.
I love #PRAllStars :)
why do you think that?
If the #Gospels r true, then #Jesus was a leftist pacifistic socialist. So, why r #evangelicals and #Catholics so #conservative politically?
Apparently this is the first day of fall
Need 14 more followers to make 100. Please RT me to your friends and other young artists.
#TIIP4P Lance Dublin: kids in caves learned to walk pretty similar to the modern day kids
Don't worry, , I have at least an hour on the importance of using a full-tang sword while fighting the undead. Knock-offs shatter.
Take me with you to Miami! Get me out of NJ!
and now she's slow motion sexy dancing on stage. With knee high furry boots on. These are the moments I cherish at work, guys.
Maybe if they put pix of Missing Children on all sidebars of Twitter & Facebook kids'd b found alot sooner! Please Retweet until they do!
Thank you for the confidence in my abilities earlier today. I just broke through the problem and it feels super good
Travel well RT : Big day today ahead of a long weekend trip to SF.
'A West-End Sunset' - Beaumaris, Anglesey
On #bart flanked by one guy watching #Dexter and another watching the history of the #SS. Plus, someone is gassing up the train. Ugh.
I don't care. I think this trip to 7/11 might be worth it... I'm thirsty..
We are ROCKIN' original local music right now!!! www.radio-memphis.com
Email availability/resume to
100% trophies for Journey and I still can't get enough of this game.
I looked up my family tree and found out I was the sap
1 of the reasons #WeDoWhatWeDo: “85% of who you are-Your intellect, personality, & social skills-is developed by age 5.” –MA Early Edu 4 All
I heard my dad talkin in his sleep? Ol crazy ass nigga.
still working on a research paper
school year is almost over ! :)
Don't forget to engage with your happy, core 20% customers when designing social media strategy
received by hashable invite but still unable to log in. Would love to check it out - if you can help. tried my email and twit usr
work it out
It's amazing how someone can break your heart, but you still love them with all the little pieces.
I don't care what other people say. #theartist ... Movie of the year. Best picture.
Happy Mother's Day, Kingdom! For without them, none of us would exist!
I received +K about Customer Experience from - honored Sir, thank you.
My first Easter without my family, so fortunate to be surrounded by friends, old and new, hope everyone had a good day!
I hate sitting on a public bathroom toilet and having it be warm. It's so wrong but it feels so right.
haha he does. He was love drunk. Too much sexy european for him to handle.
these noodles have no taste whatsoever
GOOD MORNING FAMILY (John 14:11) The "SEASON OF MIRACLES" kicks off today. All things are possible to them that believe amen. #Sir Court
- haha! Yeah, well, I tweeted that first MSG during ur twitter slide, thinking I was beating it to the punch. Great presentation!
According to my internal editor, I have nothing to say.
We get it in...make your way to The 12 Bar for Brass-A-Holic Wednesdays right now!!
AHRQ conoce las preguntas campaign featured in Manny Santos's presentation on great multimedia news releases! Yeah!
Congrats! We hope that means you'll be our newest Golden Flyer!
kiss me while we ride, touch me while we ride.
haha i love how #tmobilesucks is a trending topic. It really does. the password tmobile sent me to get data again is wrong!
I'ma call yu after my phone charges up....... make sure ya man isn't around
Morning y'all! It's gonna be a good one!
don't be a sore loser.
#RIP Junior Seau
There goes a bunch of your brain cells!!...
not yet, but speaking to some potential new hires for #Android development.
Yes. All houses are!
good :) haha so how was your day?
I say we party all spring break
New gig? How did I miss this? Congrats!
Off-sides!
I got blocked by so many people today. Jesus loves me tho!!
Colt McCoy's Ford commercial should have said "I don't think I will be playing for three years" instead if 31
what up kid!
Had a great visit with our daughter at Liberty University in Virginia. Great Kid, Great school!
Did it!
You are a brave guy quoting Paula A lyrics here on the Twitter! Laughing...
Chico's Angels opens tonight, do you have your tickets?
that's all for me right baby
Nice, man. "YOU JUST GOT BWAGGED!!!" after every cut!
I hear is teaming up with for an upcoming movie, and I'm actually pretty intrigued to see how that comes out.
Hmm GoW3, Halo Reach, Rayman: Origins or Batman AC....
Any chance you will be opening an outlet across from the San Francisco store soon?!
you're welcome haha :]
Nice perspective from - worth the read => Are you open to the world or trapped inside a #marketing bubble?...
Agreed! Although I'm sure will find a reason not to tailgate.
Its time to pick the Spurs-Jazz series..how many games. No way Spurs lose right?
look 4 rows behind you!!
the past is the past people leave it in your past that is why it is called a past live in the here and now.thank God for what you have now..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PRINCESS I LOVE YOU!
Baby you and me goin' fishin' in the dark
One for Lily, one for Violet.
Now arguing with #timewarner about an outstanding balance of $0.48.
RT : First time skipping class to go Figure Skating in Harlem charity event at Wollman rink right now!
Anyone interested in running and/or brunching? I need some motivation.
if you're on my mind can I drive in the carpool lane?
Thank you, Dr. David A. Ambler! He was Vice Chancellor for Student Affairs @ #KU. Offered guidance, support.
I was in grad school (English lit) for a whopping six months. Tweet a few lines and I'll give you my (worthless) opinion.
Trying to find some way to make my spring break fun is becoming diffiiiculllt.
Gotta go to work at three. Got a good nights sleep. Gotta good attitude about today!
You asked for work... you got some work!
The American Way to Change by Shirley Sagawa is a great read and offers insight to volunteer programs across the nation
Yay! You used #McFatty :) That brought a smile to my face.
Thanks for the add Bill had a great time in September
Over 46,000 Downloads of my remix to "Call Me Maybe"!! Thanks so much for all the support WORLDWIDE!
#TwoThingsIWant POWERS AND TO DESTROY EARTH .....
I have another #TEDxCLT volunteer for you! His name is Colby Wolf email:
hahahaha too much...that's that down south 'ish smh
I didn't burst into tears today. For that, I consider my day a success!
": I miss us. And I don't mean us being together, I mean like I miss us being so close and telling each other everything."
...what? "for once"? are you serious with this?
All SJCPL locations will be closed in observance of Easter. Have a great Easter!
Heading to your Miami headquarters tonight! RT It's the freakin' weekend. RT this if you're getting the party started with BACARDI.
I find this year's M's actually harder to watch than last- if only because last year I stopped watching altogether.
you guys have fun. Get your high school to team camp!!
You can't hang around negative people & live a positive life. If you think you're there to lift them up, they'll most likely bring you down.
unsubscribing from a bunch of tweeters. Feeling good about it. Keeping you though
Sorry. Can't make it tonight. Other plans. At some this weekend though.
Baseball is back
sexy can I
Avengers was sold out so we went to for drinks, where we sat next to at the bar! Good ending to a great wknd
Change should be a friend. It should happen by plan, not by accident. -Phil Crosby
Speak to the boss nikka dont creep around me
If left-brains decide that routine work has no value, who'll maintain escalators, parks, & printed literature collections?
David Taylor is one of the best I have ever watched
In one of those weird realizations, I've spelled "heroin" wrong my whole life.
Wow!! Thanks for all the +K's!
You never forget about your family and friends because your in a relationship.
I wonder does Faith look at that shot of her lying bed with Biggie sitting on the edge in that One More Chance and ask herself "WTF?"
tapping into my inner 12 yo boy - giddy about a firetruck within arms distance and watching Tony Hawk videos
And, before it closes see PULP SHAKESPEARE
On our way to our spring break surprise. On a bus and don't know where we are headed!
what is that you're reading...
": #AstrologyFacts #Geminis combine daring with practicality and discipline with artistry."
only your post office?
KUSH & COLLEGE BASKETBALL
TAKE IT DOWN
those do look tasty but I don't drink carbonated beverages anymore.
lol, empty glass and it's a toasted salmon sandwich.
maybe next year.. :(
i dont know if i'll be able to survive 12 days until i see !!!!!!!
I like your use of worst/best ironies.
yo all r sick as fuckson
the coffee is already brewing.
Your hands are tough, but they are where mine belong in <3
I swear... She hates me.
attended a ridiculously informative SEO training today with great stuff!
it smells that way so that you don't use it
why? why? why? do you encourage ?! ;)
I love your new album!!!
I'm sorry. I thought the sticky was funny not the spill. I hope your not hurt.
Your love so deep, you know that is humbles me. <3
Shoot! I did...shame on me. My fingers got away with me.
let us know if it's ok to use a screen shot of your tweet
Looking for advice on attracting additional corporate planners to our venue? Any hints? email me .
follow back?
#SHOUTOUT to the new homie follow her!
Glad to see Al Horford back on the court
How about some advice from team member Bucky? He's our man!
have u checked out www.yatkids.org. Summer signups now!
First there sour, then there sweet
Woohoo for another street team! spread the love! :D
Tomorrow is Public Education in DC: At a Fork in the Road at Metropolitan Community Church at 474 Ridge St NW from 6-8pm!
You tell me not to lie but if I walked around telling the truth all the time, a lot of people's feelings would be hurt
go back to the pool!!! I'm coming :)
Great advice for a Monday morning! RT : Never, never, never give up. ~ W. Churchill
Me too! Few believed. If it all pans out it will be TRULY historic and we were part of it!
Where are you at?
The annex elevator now smells like bacon- THANKS* *not really thanks
- I prefer your commentary on music
I remember the first time we talked, I was like I love your imagines and now were twitter bestfriends:)<3
I dont like marriage, money, or Jersey but for some reason, i would kill to be a real housewife of NJ.
I didnt get to say goodbye :(
This week we have a great show with The Scene Aesthetic. Come out and have a grand ol' time!
Congrats on the MI Emmy nomination Fubble Entertainment LLC! Backstage Drama feeling the love.
unfollowed person with THIS joke: "what is algebra? something you take off a mermaid to see her breasts." uuggghhhhhhh
To state that the rich should be taxed for morale reasons is crazy. They should be taxed because not taxing them in order 2tax mc
Chris Brown on #DWTS...impressive performance. Could have been a comeback week - instead still a setback after GMA
Now Following good look on the follow and make sure you check out www.youtube.com/AgentEJohnson87 thanks a lot
just finished ur book. Great read. Keeping true to urslf. Nice job!
Haha! he is isn't he. Good thing he took after his mom.
Lol... ": u might have to come out of retirement.." only is u get slay and u run the 2....
the funniest car...needs to be retired!
Lookin' god. Me, I mean. Not Holland. Maybe try throwing a strike bro.
I love my new icon. (: Demi looks so flawless. <3
thanks for following.. :)
I usually dress people with my eyes, when shopping at Walmart.
Lol. Seriously ! anybody. Got some thoughts that shouldnt be shared at all.
Don't be afraid of the space between your dreams and reality
Thanks California. What an awesome babymoon-workcation. I had such a fabulous time.
You're fighters are my heroes. Anthony is really a special fighter. I cannot wait to see him in action again!
gray and pink :)
I predict you wake up at 2am with the game calling you
Yeah I'd seen lmao
Can't stand hearing anything about Chris Brown anymore, he is a creep, let's all move on and leave him with his skeletons
#BBW I forgot #Suzie was even on the show
Who Needs A Runway? You can take off from where you are! With
n i meant to spell bold n dat last tweet oops!!!!!!
My single "Hemophobia" will no longer be available for purchase after June 12, 2011. So if you want it, buy it now!
oh. When you said "What I do to college students" I had a totally different expectation.
hope u like BBQ and hot wings! That's seemingly all the eat down here... But yes, come!
can't wait for you to get here! Do you know what campus yet?
Happy Friday. Drink Well, Drink OTR, Drink The Lackman!
#NP Make me proud- Everything's adding up, you've been through hell and back, that's why you bad as f*ck and you know you are.
Beautiful day to eat lunch on the Deli's secluded garden courtyard!!
Creativity lives everywhere.
I notice that you haven't been on since May 9th are you still active on twetter if so hit me back?
Spent the afternoon getting acquainted w/Headway Themes. Too shy to show the site I'm working on, but inspired by the #headwaywp showcase.
Are you done being annoying?
um back from nyc, have a radio show weekdays in manchester 10-1pm..on Unity Radio 92.8fm going rather well.. u?
I work for Parks and have a few ideas. DM me your email address please!
And my future will be better than my past.
Do you remember how epic the opening ceremony of the china Olympic games was? I do
Damn you Christian music. I need my Pitbull and Nicki Manij.
Who else?? “: myself, & will be heading to LSP for the vs "
Haha! Of course!
at least you got hours YAY american eagle still #lovesyou :)
Do you have a stressed out co-worker or friend you need to buy a Gift for? Check out these perfect Gift ideas!
Very proud of our team performance in #bourbonchase while running with only 10 runners. Congrats all!
I can literally feel my heart ache. Ugh.
I can't help but break out in laughter everytime I see the 's twitter icon
Okay i have 2 projects to do in 4 days both due on the same day-_- Maybe i should start with one know..
Every family has it's demons
wait are the superSonics and Sonics the same team?? I'm confused.
would not have thought that
A special trolley show release is coming very shortly...
If you ever want to feel popular, just ask for a quote on shipping your car cross-country. I'll be taking your calls for the next 15 mins...
We will be reading a proclamation from WTMJ 4 about our Hottest Women in T.V. survey from last week. Keep listening.
Day 5: ”vegan super green salad” for lunch.
In order to change we must be sick and tired of being sick and tired. #quote | RT
#FF - an exceptional #ecommerce expert who helped me put together the best Mother's Day Gift of all this year for my mama!
yes alcoves. like nooks and crannies.
I dont know!
{tackle hugs }
AND..., why wasn't my large pizza $10??? The online form doesn't allow for this special!
The market is really hopping!!!! Sellers are getting multiple offers! No need to wait till the spring! Get it on now! 724-1064
1. Bulls' Bench Puts Struggling Heat On Tilt - ESPN
Client meeting in 5 then new business meeting at 4:00. Looking forward to hopefully celebrating at HH after work.
Watching the Berenstain Bears(:
'sHeadband: "This is boring. Why am I getting so little camera time?"
So you send me a text that says so I have a question and I replied this morning and I'm really nervous about it and you still havent replied
hahah I hate you! I'm wrapping it & giving it to you at graduation to have in college next year! You dress up tomorrow!
- BTR is at Cruzan this summer. They are playing amphitheaters on this tour.
regardless of who wins tonight you must be bursting with pride to know how much you are appreciated and respected by your team
I come here to bury Monday, not to praise it! ;)
great. Let's talk in the morning if you can.
I hope the next 24 hours go quickly. I have to feed 23 people tomorrow. And somehow fit them all into my house. EEk.
I do sexy
The hash tag is #IndianaLibraryJobs. Will post links as they trickle through my feed.
Thanks Quota
You sure can :)
You know I don't go to Belmont anymore, right? Might want to go ahead and delete that tweet...
You make me happy! <3
Jamming to the on this day off
New tunes are sounding good. Excited to get some recording done.
:) of course they are!
“Remain open. There is something bigger than you know going on here.” Iyanla Vanzant
drawn to the today show for nostalgic reasons, but hard to take it seriously when Kim Kardashian on (and highlighted) as guest.
you are :) & welcome
Two hour workout today cause I didn't workout yesterday.
At penfield country club for Gary's bachelor party... On to the raffles!
Elvis Presley is a beautiful man!
vegan lunch..
November 26, 2010 was the saddest day ever for me. Justin was here and i could not go. :( if i miss his tour this time. i will break down.
Good Luck!!!
Classes today.
#MileyWeAreHereForYouAlways ! e you give us lessons to radiate love & make us proud everyday! e
ready for the next door to open. it might be nothing... but it might be something wonderful!!
No worries - I wasn't there. Just liked your tweet and wanted to share it. Are you still in town through this weekend?
yes but with all montages
Calling all #LUMAtics: summer open enrollment workshops are set. Mark your calendars: June 19-20, July 24-25, and August 28-29 at new HQ!
- in from SF, drive from bev hills to try u. Website says u close at 2. We are turned away at 11 - kitchen closed! Terrible!
thanks x, stay good
Pretty sick night, and did work tonight in Houston Tx :) pumped to hear
Playing werewolf with It is on anybody ready?
Its Rob (Stand by Me, When Harry Met Sally) Reiner's latest movie; a coming-of-age drama set in the '60s.
haha. Definitely. It's a girl thing. We hear it even when you don't say it out loud.
it should. uses buddypress
What if the Father, Son, and Spirit come back tonight?..........
MT When someone says they'll move for an internship, screams ready to push out of comfort zone. Immediate yes to hire
If you're not in the pew by 9:30, you're not getting the full effect of midnight mass.
Interesting! E Eur has so many hidden gems. RT : You should visit Kosovo too! Great people and a beautiful country.
If you think you have Michael Jackson fame, then I'm sure that shit feels great! lol
It's back, FITzees! Your new fav.- #TGIFITzee! Stop by to stock up from 2pm-6pm: when you buy 3 meals, you'll get a 4th #free!
Oh the jokes on rep weiner now. What a weiner! Even my 7 yr old had some good ones
what have you got me into? Can't wait to see you
: yeah buddy.!! This time we shall take over.!!
It all started with thongs. Check it out. For sure.
Levon Helm, who carried the weight on some of the greatest songs in rock history, dies after a long battle with cancer
On vacation. be back soon.
I ain't settlin' for anything less than everything.
Got a headache...
thank U 4 your support, as always! 1 LOVE FAM.
We made civilizations and my civilization was an ICONic Land and our Motto was Be ICONic plzz tell me what you think
That is smart. Well done!
Go-Go: RIP Chuck Brown : (
nice! We should plan a dinner date soon!
Just bought it and cant stop lissening to it!!
What's it gonna be?!
welcome lol. & hahah. Omg. For real!? That's crazy. Lol
The least you can do is try!
Evisors is new, bigger and better. New features. Better search. More evisors. Take a look! www.evisors.com
OMG...watching this nasty family on wife swap...how can your house be that dirty!! Ewww
Staggering: 79 million men in America between 25 and 65. And nearly 18 million of them, or 22%, are out of work completely.
RT David von Storch--owner of --will open 901, a small-plates restaurant, in Penn Quarter this April
Mike Dunleavy (Milwaukee Bucks): "My favorite app? Fried calamari....wait, you don't mean appetizer? Oh! Phone app!" Lmao too funny
From all of us at The Kempe Foundation, thank you for supporting us this evening. Kempe Takes Hong Kong was a great success!
Went to the hair salon today. Best blowjob ever.
Join us today #ALA2011 Conference in New Orleans to discuss 2011 provocative statements. Friday, June 24, 2-4 pm, (MCC) room 334.
Man selling bottled water at side of road #BSRraceday. First price $1, then he said $5 each and 2 for $10 "If they look good, it's free."
RT : Listening processes are: passive, personal, or curated. Pitchfork does the latter.
the volcano!
Infect me with your loving, fill me with your poison?! Uh No! How bout seal yourself hermetically, strap up!
muhahahaha. *slowly forms finger pyramid of evil contemplation*
cellular-news Updated throughout the day
2012 Overall #1 #bbjpacesetters in Boston Nice shoutout to your team Congrats!
If you want God to stand up in your life, maybe you need to sit down.
justin! This girl at mcds just told my dad "you look like chuck norris!" #WINNING lol
we are working with They are taking care of us. Thanks though!
Mrs Beasley is back at the vet until she's doing better. Please cross your fingers and paws for her. We miss her already and want her home.
No amount of good innings in a single game can make up for 6 + baserunners in a single inning.
I will and keep me up to date as much as possible :)
How do you use the paid value of a voucher after expiration? There isn't a code displayed anymore post-expiration data.
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn showers immediately after getting home
going to be early.... gotta get up early to spend the day in CHICAGO! can't wait!
I dig the hair in that photo.
...THE DVDS!! And that's so crazy cuz I was gonna name her phoebe cuz rachel and monica dnt sound like pets but I........
I got nuthin
some fucking black kids. she came up to me cause i yelled at her and goes "yo momma yo daddy yo bald head grandma!".. bitch lol
Follow Privet's very own MAXIM model on twitter! Come by the club and have some drinks!
My home in Las Vegas was just burglarized. They stole all of my stainless-steel appliances. Merry Christmas. Thanks.
Good Morning!!
Let us know when you want to come back to NYC! Upset that I'm only a few months shy from being able to see you at Mercury tmrw!
"I've Been To The Mountaintop (or, in this case, Costco).......Figs at last! Figs at last! Thank God Almighty CostCo has Figs at last!"
fit challenge fit challenge o ah
sorry to hear that. He's lived a happy life. Traveled more than most of his kind. RIP
"No action equals no result"
Knew Bed & Breakfast Man was coming up soon!
this I"ve got to read!!!
This fighting all the time is annoying.
"I have to thank the organization for giving me the best 17 years of my life." - Tim Wakefield
Thank you! Have a wonderful weekend.
Next Scheduled Streak is Saturday, June 25th
G11 USHistory: watching performances of the modern interpretations of the City on a Hill speech...
Who needs friends when you have cheerleading.
ahh boo, I want to start a team <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
they are good gettin big!!! i saw them in dec i was home for the whole month another reason y i need to go home
Every single woman needs a non-negotiable set of standards regarding men... and they must not be compromised
I LOVE MY MOMMY
Ah even here Gilbert and Sullivan's "with a cloth untrue..."
Enjoyed it. 2 hot chicks like tht would make any man fucked up right?“: Thanks for tuning in everybody. Stay up!”
Happiness is the meaning and the purpose of life, the whole aim & end of human existence. ~Aristotle
Having a big bad headache.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> Goodnight.
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY<33 YOUR A GREAT MOTHER YOU RAISED SUSCK A TALENTED GENTLE MAN<3
This is the best I've seen our hawks play heading into the playoffs
Work on our expansion has really taken off!
Listening to "Somebody to Love" by the one and only JUSTIN BIEBER! (: Favorite song EVER!
Way to suck dick jets
For sure! MT : thanx 4 the follow! We're currently on tour w maybe u can c us next time in #Clt!
Women put a wall between herself and every man that comes next and men fuck and leave as many women as possible
School sucks :( don't wanna go Tomorrow wish I could stay home !!!!!!
Study study study!
dogs could talk if they had a smaller tongue
and i'm watching a movie about a serial killer in the middle of the night why? i can't seem to change the channel though.
You make me feel like I'm leaving a teenage dream!!!! My heart stops when u look at me ”\··/" !!!
I want my future ex husband to have a sleeve and thats final.
Met a Navy Seal today!
Dance and workout with the bestfran<3
According to Twitter, when creating a list, a '/' as a name is seen as a number.
I miss them lol sparky and nala are asleep too
Piano #improvisation for street magicians, equal parts brash and delightful suspension of belief, with pedal.
Tonight. 10:30 pm. Popular Science + them. Reunited for an epic hour of improv awesomeness. DCT Theater. iO WEST. 'nuff said.
Did North Carolina also vote to deny equal rights to those who like shellfish and mixed fabrics?
Madonna ep of glee is AWESOME
Time to hit you all with the Pre Mayweather - Cotto fight TECH update!!!
Working on any great weekend projects this weekend?
haha yeah they were goin at it.
It was a tough day y'all. Having another glass of wine and contemplating how screwed North Carolina Democrats are this fall
Didn't tweet at all today. My bad.
Fuck water cycles already, just urinal filtering
Twitter integration is ago.
Dear Chael Sonnen, if you're the the bad ass you pretend 2 be... You would've taken a nap like a real fighter in that bout vs Silva.
#oomf is on her shit these days...
I know he's so swet and he's an amazing person.!
Lol i already kno i am, but i knew wat she meant... but dats wat she get for sayin dar old lady was takin me to her house lol aha :-P
The media has an all out attack raging on against black women and are "playing" on the fears of "losing" our men with it
Verdad that. Leaving town Sat! Yay!
h3y haha. that was a typo but it looks cool!
Smh yeah right. copped. anything Knicks color on a decent model is copped
Great thing about filling out evaluation forms for teachers is that class is almost over
gettin sleepy..think ill hit the sack...nite:)
.no I'm not mad
Inning end. 3-2 in favor Thanks , , , and , vote came in just late
Jets interested in Tebow...I guess one crappy QB isn't enough
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing - Dale Carnegie
TAKE THAT SQUAT RACK!! 500+ RACKS ON RACKS!! gonna be a good day
wtf?! LOL You guys need a lifeguard tonight?!?!?! LOL ;-p
Excited about margaritas tonight on the waterfront.
What size were you at? Close up well?
[Today in PD] Public Diplomacy Achievement Awards 2012
Happy Valentines Day everyone<3 Share it with the people you love
Ima go to the barber shop this weekend haven't been in about 4 months
This page intentionally left blank verse.
Hey Freddy.....we take pepsi cans in our pockets to the movies.....really saves money!
Yesterday the Brazilian Federal Court unanimously decided that Affirmative Action policies are constitutional, thanks for spreading the word
haha omg talk to my BFF she don't want to talk to me
New profile pic
RT : There are two ways to live your life: as though nothing is a miracle or as though everything is a miracle. YOU get to...
I k ow
User | williamjackes | Submitted | RankCo via apartment
"Oh my God. I broke Abed."
How are you enjoying the Golden Gate Bridge, Danny? If you have any great photos, please feel free to share them!
Belfanz: early ID and intervention is key in education low performing and special needs students.
John Trent in makeup for today's shoot of
1.idfc that was old n crusty like yoy that why you bringimg it up 2.YOU STILL AINT SHOW ME YO BF YET OR GIVE ME A NAME!!???
Your SO funny heather! oh i mean Featherz hahaha
Lemme Tell You Guys This. He Lied To Me & Told Me She Was His Sister. BS!!!!!
going to go swimming with Shyann and Erin tomarrow :)
We need your favorite #ABQ outdoor patio-dining/drinking locations. Ready...go!
Ok Mizzou just screwed me. There goes my bracket.
Big Ben being compared to Willis Reed on NFL Network? HELL NO!
Can't tell you how much fun it is to look out the office window to see and Jan-Michael Gambill playing at the CO State Open!
rice pudding I want to marry a sexy blonde from canada (: #BOYFRIEND<U+2665>
Cruise-In is in full swing -- fresh tamales & lots more -- awesome free raffle prizes including a racing jacket -- 79th & Foster
But this weekend with the LS tho!!!! >>>> we dead set it OWT everywhere!!!
I will!(: And tell your mother from me 'Happy Mothers Day'!Stay Safe Guys!(:
Free music downloads. Legal even. Http://www.freegle.com
She steals like a thief .. But shes always a Woman to me ... <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
Have you all been enjoying the EP we released about 2 months ago? If you have, help us out and tweet about us. We're short on followers!
There is never a better measure of what a person is than what he does when he's absolutely free to choose.
Why does me becoming a theatre major have to be SO far away!?!?!?!
We were never being boring.
Do you need it tonight?
Come see us at Maverick's for New Years Eve! You could win BRAD PAISLEY tix!! In Mundelein at RT 176/83/60!
kim don'y
Three picks! Too busy dreaming, vick? It doesn't matter, you don't really like philly anyway.
Ah. I spoke too soon. Sorry
Nobody wants to get stuck on islands...ocho island and T-RAW island
Worst day ever for Rivers... Best day ever for the #chiefs. On track for
Good for you!
What do you do when you don't want the two people you care about to get hurt? asdfghjkl;
shhhh, i've said too much
Ugh BTW Ball is a worldwide TT, so jealous that Europe & Asia get to see it before us... :(
Do ppl still play board games like Monopoly and Scrabble?
Shooting #headshots like CRAZY! I forget how busy it gets before pilot season kicks in.
I am about to rock on about ebooks at the library. Do librarians talk about anything else?
If I find life to challenging, then I keep trucking until it gets better.
iPad 2, the next generation of the magical device, went on sale today at all 236 Apple Retail Stores in the US&through the Online Store.
Haha deal! I'm glad that appeals to you. I've been waiting for someone to comment on that picture! Hope you like the tunes!
OMFGOMFGOMFG WHOEVER INVITED PLEASE TELL THEM I SAID THANK YOU SO SO SO SO SO MUCH<> I LOVE THAT BOY!
Pre Production craziness for the shoot next week
people keep on unfollowing me..bitch.
thanks Mere!!!!
I know something you don't know....
#thirstygamez2012 so pumped.
Rihanna’s Shocking Tweet — Is She Bisexual?
LOL , stick run
No -- but should say yes and that would explain why I haven't seen this. LOL Starting to tweet again for work, so back on
“: Chillin @ Evilla... B-More what up?? ”good seeing you last night !
When people ignore me, and I know they're on their phone, it seriously pisses me off so badly. You could just say you don't want to talk..
Help Reach 10k [:
OMFGSH I JUST PASSED BY RALPH IN H&M. But.. I feel nothing.
My buddy is a brave soldier wooohoooo! And his nickname is Guns!!!
damn so you in Arizona right now?
AOL is going to ruin the Huffington Post, and I've got three words to prove it: YOU'VE. GOT. MAIL.
RT : Lovie on McClellin: "He had his hand in the dirt, trying to become a better pass rusher, & that’s what it’s all about."
Thanks! We love that you love them! ;)
We have a lot going on at IR! Sign up for the Spelling Bee and our Community Literacy Summit. Call 275-4040.
But oh well.
RT if drake isn't rapping about women, dough, weed or cars, what IS he rappin about? and doing so immaturely, i might add.
Street life make me think. What if a nigga fuck wit my family? I'ma kill everybody I see until I die. None stop
Now that I'm not in school and can relax the horniess is back with a vengeance. Esp with my favorite aphrodisiacs around: food and wine
RT : Follow Debra works with victims of investment fraud including stocks, commodities, options...
Frostrils is genius!
its cool not too big
x) I'd be more than happy to give them to a handsome dude like yourself. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I believe, good sir, that you are lying.
Only store open in cambrige was a candy shop with America candy. Score. Highlight of this trip.
Thanks Ron! We love working with you!
ok does anyone else think that the btw poster in creepy. But i still luv her anyways.
Ray Allen out on floor to start second half. Avery Bradley has not returned.
Crawford takes it I have a feeling
hah! Yup, NYC. Well, I guess that settles it :) Have fun!
I knew this day would come !
Heading to play bball! It's my sanctuary...the only time I don't have to think about anything or how fucked things can be!!
Two new Transform artist just finished meeting with distribution.
Friedness makes me wonder i am i watchin this infamerical
Leadership means being flexible about the path but committed to the destination
Some days there won't be a song in your heart. Sing anyway. ~ Emory Austin #quote RT RT
chec email my g
so am I in all fur and leather so it gives them a reason to attack me lol
I hate that I'm stupid and have to go to summer school.
": #HappyBirthday Heaux! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> " THANKS SO MUCH!!! I BETTER SEE U TODAY!!!
Almost 5pm and prod ofc is abuzz with actors, make-up artist, costume designer and digi rep all prepping for the last night shoot
ITS BECAUSE JARED SULLINGER IS GAMETIME DECISION IM TRYIN TO FIND OUT IF HES PLAYIN BEFORE THE TIP!
These moments are living memories
30 minutes into the AP Stats test-- 20 people were asleep
Group said to have sole right to try for PMN A group headed by businessman Lewis Katz and philanthropist H.F. "Gerry" Lenfest has entered
RT Free show today in Chicago @ Millennium Park, 4pm-5pm (WTMX Party in the Park)
How do you resolute to have a healthy 2012? By eating organic? By working out? What else... share your thoughts in comments!!...
Itz been along day!..
Sorta like when Miss Hazel says u need to do the dishes?
Caught the megamillions bug!
not a lot, just off work and home from the gym, what's up with you??
I spent four hours editing about 30 seconds of footage. Ahh :/.
an ad shoot today, an annual report for a non profit tomorrow. Just back from a journalism project in Cambodia..
Long sleeves.....no one has to know.
Hi, Christina Palladino with ABC5. Can I get your email? Looking to set up a one on one with Herman Cain on a series we're doing
Believing in Tim Tebow - ESPN http%3A%2F%2Fes.pn%2FwGdY81 This is really what Tim Tebow is really all about.
Axford is up in the pen...here he comes
It's Christmas Eve && there's no snow... What. The. Fudge.
"If there's gonna be a traffic jam, it better be a tractor man"
I just won an epic wrestling match with an oven door. Dripping sweat now, but its back on.
Some people content with they struggle
eventually someone will buy the vacant unit next door, but in meantime... love cranking up music as loud as I want
help this guy get to 15k . i swear his tweets are awesome :D
Happy New Year and how is your dad doing?
thanks for great tweets #NLTI event on social media
Also, we have four leagues so you won't technically be in a league with me. You'll be in a rookie one. Hope that's OK.
I'm gonna go ask my mom if I can buy the next book. I'm like in love with Jeremiah omfg
No! Not great good going to waste. Bad Quills. No soup for you. Hey, how about a feature this Season? Hmm?
I have the best boo bear in the whole world
matarangis such a nice place! got back today and had amazing weather while i was there! good week :D
pliz come back to BOSTON,MASSACHUSETTS come back we miss u so much if u come i will go to ur concert follow me xoxo
The seams will tell me tomorrow! Lol
when u come to philly for a game can my three year old son who adores you get a pic with u or sign his hat. Love the way u play
Sore throat and all I wanna do is sleep. She could have called and told me she'd be hours late. I could be sleeping right fucking now.
that lineup is to good.. Yea frsure haha cus its preetty far..!
Need a cheap sporting event for the kido. No more 14'ers :(
Everyone go follow !!
does know that she's playing for Ohio State tonight and just picked up her 2nd foul?
and waiting :)
well if you would ever like to check out our system let me know and we could get you a discount :)
Unbelievably, my parents are avid listeners of the Red Hot Chili Peppers Pandora station. Need ear bleach.
Nice to meet another New Englander. Yesterday was beautiful. Great brunch at Craigie on Maine then visited the MIT Museum.
aww poor thing! Glad you are back up and running...may #print thrive!
Dance show=SUCCESS! Thats one level of stress off of my shoulders(:
Baffert loser through first 10 cuz Liaison drew No. 20 post. Big Brown won from post 20. Best draw is Gemologist in No. 15 says Jerry Baily
You should already be in costume!
#Miami - Come party with us tonight as & take over the turntables SET Nightclub |
Hey, I know you. :) Dig the mantra, it's always do or die. Keeping doing!
eating ice cream.. :)
Don't worry, you still have time to get a team together. Madison's Hardest Trivia starts at 9pm. Be there.
“: #3WordsForYou I want you back.” That's 4
CATS all day
Remembering Jerry Hadley singing "It Must Be So" is the stuff of heartbreak.
haha got other classes to worry about
Georgia and Alabama.
got an 80B on my bio lab final! Guess it could be worse!
Never mistake motion for action. by-Ernest Hemingway
“: going to sleep so well tonight” can't wait
Feliz De Las Madres!!!!!:). To all you Mexican Mamas <3
Skied on the wide open lake this morning (everything is frozen here in Minnesota). It was awesome !
gotta wait on insurance. Let's see what they are talking about. Prayerfully they don't total it out.
When he said he was born in Kenya, was he a birther?": So, has Obama "evolved" on his claim that he was born in Kenya? Is that it?
About Lanterns » Blog Archive » does anyone know what else to do ...
RT if u cant wait for summer 2012 :)
Watching Doug and doing my homework.
#thiefrules I put my name on it so it's mine
I'm actually scared to go to school tomorrow cause of all the work I need to make up
You can think of 50 reasons why you can do something, and then think of 50 why you can't. If you never try, you will fail.
What's your favorite healthy lunch to eat OUT when you forgot yours or you're just on the road all day?
I'm waiting until last second to pay this ticket. Forget that.
you and me both!
I wish you had the opposite of insomnia or at least timed it with PST.
Rock to Rebuild rescheduled for March. Check website for more details: baltimoreacts.org
Where are you located ?
Nobody calls them "Cool Ranch," they're called the Blue bag of "Doritos."
You can never go wrong at the Palm Restaurant
Spaceships don't come equip with review mirrors!
Im not gon qet hurt Once Again .
George W Bush endorses Mitt Romney: "I'm for Mitt".....followed by Romney throwing his shoe at him.
yeah. I was in the beer garden all day. and although I'll want to sit elsewhere tomorrow, it probably won't happen.
OMG your new video is awesome! Ive been waiting for u to do that song!!
I'm too easily diverted by other tasks. Updating appendixes for book and brainstorming more liberal copyright notice that pub will accept.
WHY CAN"T I LIVE OR WORK IN CANADA!? Sounds like an amazing time to be had by all. Please make lots of videos from the tour.
Nice where are you Staying?
Everyone always tells me that nothing phases me, I never actually care about nothing.
People need to stop having babies and start putting some rings on the finger.
Jersey is cool, but i'm ready to get back to VA tonight. Definitely gained some inspiration out here. You never know where it'll come from.
But you get to play with doggies that come into your store all day! :D
Yes, please let us know when Maggie Gallagher's husband turns up! Like Where's Waldo, Where's That Bigot's Husband? Boom!
Are primaries and caucuses turned into 'American Idol' style events on cable news networks bad for democracy... or can it be good?
Can U feel The Heat!!
Teriffic convention everyone! Congrats to so many fine competitors! Hope to see you in Portland!
MEXICO bitch!!
Your show is so amazing, I love your mom on #girls, but I miss your real mom from - can you writer her in?
What's up dude? I thought you quit me.
LOL you right !
Here's another #watercheck. It's
#DRAGRACE Sharon Needles!
Feedback for : Theme/ad song for "Good Day Lately" with wailing woman is just terrible. White producer's idea of a black singer?
I will let you know! But for sure i know ill be there about july8th because my birthday falls on next day! hoping to see u!
The Corkcicle was just featured on the Today show! It is available now at WWW.KitchenCouture.net!
then you should fly virgin air
Good morning Tweet Freaks! It's a beautiful, warm morning in sunny GSO North Carolina! God Bless You All!
Sweet! RT Made some Cupcake soaps..Blackberry Bling & Anjou Pear Blossom!!!! The store smells AWESOME..Ready for...
Loving a lot right now - our post-midnight humor is really crushing it tonight.
I do indeed remember you, and I'm glad you're liking a book I recommended. But which one is it? Cheers, Bo
wow bronzed goddess! Love the photo!!
Oo baby baby!
#TeenWolf is coming back. FINALLY.
“Believe none of what you hear and half of what you see.” ~ Ben Franklin
When you do article marketing, your goal is for your website to be found by people who don't know your business even exists.
We flex like 90px
Lol <3 “ Shut up bitch ...hey arnold on”
Good morning The crew including are some great folks! Open house soon
#HappyHour time! 1/2 price on all of our appetizers and burgers!!! $1.50 bottles and $5 crushes!!!
I wanna go home /:
Just made deans list. No big deal.
it MIGHT be a CSS thing... but again, it's weird. Could be your images are too wide... check media settings
lol to me yes, to everyone else no <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
RT : RT : If I was a bear I'd start climbing into residential trees just to get free tranquilizers.
CALI Lessons work on iPhone, iPad, and other smartphones/tablets as well as computers. Guess those have distractions, too, tho. :)
There were lawsuits in 1918-1930 between telegraph and wireless providers that led to new issues over copyright violations, jamming, etc.
ps. - love the burlesque wallpaper look in loubatains on your twitter homepage!
Sounds like you need a private jet! And I'm depressed by the fact that you will be graduating before me.
This weather feels like im back in Florida.....
Woot!! RT : THANK YOU, #bedandbread tweeters, we have reached the number of tweets needed for the $25,000 from !
I just followed follow her & gain followers :)
please follow and kimmie sheldon is off the chain disney!
he's so cute
Thanks for the RT!
i just joined twitter and I am so confused. hey you wanna be the first person to tweet me?! x
Did every girl in the audience just think "Oh, Tiffany!" Or maybe it's just me distracted by shiny objects?
that would be great! Was also about to invite you to a Diversity Happy Hour tomorrow. Do you know a place to go for lunch?
thank you for letting us photograph your gorgeous dresses!
What the hell is going on at the Milwaukee Art Museum or at least near it???? Dozen or so emergency vehicles.
German Club Exchange today was great! I love my fellow clubmates <3
Got some good Mikkeller (Hop Breakfast, Rauch Breakfast, Green Gold) and just some random stuff I hadn't tried before
I followed !!!
A girls most beautiful smile tells her saddest story...<3
I should not have questioned the wisdom of The View ladies. Clearly the Christie weight conversation has traction. Interesting.....
All you can eat wings start at 6. #bartrivia starts at 7 and 2-4-1 drinks until 8. Weds nights are FUN!! #Whiskeytango tonight!
More of a fan of equinox than solstice. Today is a day of extremes where nature is out of balance. Glad we 90 days from rebalancing.
I hate girls who sit & pretend something is wrong to get attention
and we all knew it ahead of time, too. "You know, this could be a very big mistake."
Note to self..actions speak louder than words
Yay! There's no school for me tomarrow! :)
I wish CVS had a delivery service that would bring me medicine right now.
Better luck next year... #GoCougs!
I realized the past couple weeks I haven't been as happy as I am now in almost 3 years. Learn what's bringing you down and let it go.
When is Jeff George gonna get picked?
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ One must ask children and birds how cherries and strawberries taste.
RT My fantasy football draft is this week. Beer, food, and many heavyset men arguing about football. Good times.
ME YOU FUCKER.
you tell us what you need. We are here to spread the love
i know lol slow moment
Heading to to talk with Josh, Iph, about the #mural he is finishing on their building
Is "sorry" the proper response for bumping someone with your car? Id hate to have done her wrong twice.
that sucks
TODAY ONLY 50% OFF! All our great gifts are half price!!!!
Celebrate NY Eve tonight!! Live music with Spivey, no cover and a complimentary toast!!
trying to decide if i should get a truck or car
Go you!!
next Thursday perhaps
We have already sold three homes in Bridgewater this month! Spring is in the air!
still waiting to see if i can go to teen hoot!!!! i wanna see u so bad!!! <21
If a company only views CF as a metric and not a vision - they're success will suffer...
Thanks for the RT.
Seriously? Do people think taking care of a disabled parent is any less difficult than having a child? One u never asked for! Help is needed
Watching #Idol and see Phillip is playing a Taylor guitar. Guess he doesn't fly
I would love to ask What makes a woman a true leader & what she defines as success.
Med iced coffee for $0.99!! And it's GOOD. I'm having a coffeegasm!
I am so
Hey happy
I wish I could just not care anymore.
Congrats to #Madison's Tory Miller on the James Beard award!
Ready to support the bob cats tomorrow night in the first regional game!! Go blue <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+26BE>
I know can't wait to watch.
I won't be able to make it. But when is your next ugly mugs performance? I'd love to attend
WEBSPECIAL- 10% Off Coupon. Use coupon code "WEBSPECIAL," to receive 10% off your order. Coupon is valid for one time use.
I'm gonna try, I have a dance meeting at 6, so I might be a little late.
on my way lol
Commission discussing Sacramento Congressional districts.
keeping my fingers crossed for you.
I almost ended up in the lap of the man next to me! and I had our hearts in our throats!
SO much cooler to be Oprah : RT : "Be yourself" is the worst advice you can give to people.-- Mark Twain
RT : URGENT -- President Obama says he will end the controversial "don't ask, don't tell" policy in the military.
On a scale of 1-100 how immature are you? 69 ;)
An awkward tingle....( Dan will know when it's time )
Reading at Liam's Pub from UnSaddest Factory - play by Lola Pierson - right now they're singing a rock song about the unabomber.
have a great day!!
I wanna watch it with you omg my favorite
originally from there..
It wasn't pretty but it was 9 miles. Improved our pace time by 5 seconds too.
Taking it back to my childhood... Watching "Come Fly With Me"
okay yeah i will. thank you. :)
Sorry -- missed this earlier. Intransitive obtain: eww, how annoying! ...with "obtain" as an intransitive verb.
Stevie Wonder just did a special rendition of "Ribbon in the Sky" called "An Angel in God's Choir" for #WhitneyHouston's funeral.
yay! I'm so thrilled to hear it. time to rock 'n roll! ;)
Indeed, perhaps its the shampoo?
Keep boo'in Kobe! Hes gonna drop 40 in this win!!
I heard the term the New Renaissance three times in last 3 days, is it coming?
Come see 2nite 4 the best hiphop in sd! Get there early Friday nights gets packed!
Thanks for the follow!
Dude I'm soo hungry right about now.
Chillin' watching Dora w/Chloe
GOOD. BECAUSE MILEY CYRUS IS HOT
I meant BFG.... somehow I typed BGF.
There's a lot of Mahomies in Bosnia!! I wish he can come here..Mby someday.. And in Sweden to. :)
1st Wed FREE is tomorrow. @ 11a tour Synesthesia w/Barbara Tyner a Santa Fe based Art Historian & Lecturer.
Welcome to the team!
I think they count! But I've never heard of the first one?
I'm always there chef
Must be very good. RT: “: $11 --> Guess how much $: caramel popcorn at fancy Cinepolis movie theater?”
In the studio starting to vibe but then someone pulls up John Mayer
I wish would tweet more.
I Dont Disrespect Females But Some Girls deserve to be called Bitches, Hoes, And Sluts
I haven't yet DONE Brideshead.
Do you have plans for the #Kentucky Derby?! #Triple Crown viewing party on Sat ! Don't forget to dress in ur Derby best!
First bus to miller park. What up? Let's go brewers
almost time for the voice :D
Prom was do much fun, way better than lasts
Prank calling White Castles.
that's sort of spectacularly off. But now I know the word for keychain, at least.
Wishing all my peoples a Shabbat Shalom and a beautiful weekend!!
Just joined Facebook's Groups for Schools.
I Go To Truman , & Vanhorn is uggghh Don't go there & Naim yo brother ?
Thanks for the RT--much appreciated.
Strength #UConn. Now lets focus on the Pathers!
Next week be mindful to West Coast viewers! #SpoilerAlert RT 1st #NBC #SweepsTweet Keep watching every Sun.
Everyone blames society. But we ARE society.
Haha I'm glad you like it! Love you! xo
Big Apple North is already hopping' on Mother's Day
Another bad day. Sigh.
Happy Thursday !
I love you more! :) Even though you were very evil on the phone lol
i m sorry an i do to im gonna stab her 4realzys no kiddin
worked at Ihop... lol can't picture that.
In a relationship But feels like your single.
thursday 29th at milwaukee
She said my skin is so smooth like chocolate syrup. Lol. What is chocolate syrup?
HI GUYS
Welp. Mom cleaned out the attic and brought me 4 giant tubs of Breyer horses. Trying to figure out what I can do with them...
Did you know-Today in 1885: LaMarcus Thompson patented the first roller coaster at New York's Coney Island. He called it a "scenic railway."
We must never have any doubts about our ability even before trying. We should approach every challenge with our very best.()
I will not get sick. I will not get sick. I will not get sick. I will not get sick.
late nights. I dont think about anyone cause I have nobody to think about. I just sit back and either reflect or contemplate bout things.
Over the past 6 weeks, the most common question I have been asked is “Why did you come to Eastern Virginia Medical School?”
Congratulations, Jolie! Didn't even miss a beat! is lucky to have you.
you're right! :)
I love so many guys .... So many girls but the first guy and women i ever said i love you to , was my mom and dad.
I already had mine for today
RT : Congrats to for winning award for excellence in #carsharing for 2011!
This VU pre cal is going to be the death of me next year.. why did i have to pass the accuplacer?...
The rain has passed - join us on the patio for another long, hot summer afternoon!
everyone is beautiful in their own way.
$5.00 burgers Tonight!! Come Watch the Games , Eat Drink & be Merry!!
Mike, what's up? Been told this a lot growing up: Actions speak louder than words. Especially when it comes to Inge.
Looking for something to do this Labor Day weekend in Indy? Check out King Tut at The Children's Museum of Indianapolis!
heyo! Come back soon!
Life celebration martinis with and
We are so glad you enjoyed the DVD set!!
not long at all, just a few years. I want to be a songwriter mainly.
They could sign-and-trade Gerald Wallace and send him back. That would be interesting if they owned their first-rounder
hell yeah! Cheers!
Happy to be home! Watching videos about how to make pasta. :)
May GOD get ALL the Glory! #itsnotaboutme!
ok better xD
bongrips & bomb food
Thank you for the follow back. I really appreciated your thoughtful articles on PETA. I'm glad more people are learning the truth.
Hey. I see you're still frustrated about last night.
Going to #PantherFest tomorrow?!! Nope, didn't go to UWM, but I sure do love Girl Talk :) See you there!
hell yeah! Follow us and I'll DM you some contact info
ferrence got fined for middle finger vs mtl last year
"Our national security also depends on strong diplomacy"
Mt Hood has picked up 10-13 FT of snow this month. So far. WA Cascades have seen as much as 17 FT of March snowfall. Ski time!
After giving up 4 runs in 0.2 innings, Robertson still has a 2.63 ERA this year... Give him a break, it's not easy replacing Mo...
Thanks dude, glad you were there.
#WelcomeToSanDiego Where the smallest drop of rain sends every driver into a complete panic.
Breaking News: A serious crash has closed the intersection of Paul and Scottsville Roads. No word on injuries. We have crew on the way.
yay! Glad to be friends
I dont hate rebecca..but she needs to get away from Austin. Bye.
you guys know of any teacher conferences currently accepting presentation proposals?
you always play great against elite teams We need you there tonight!
I get it. But If she is trying to be nice, why not. I don't see the harm. It's not like u talk everyday. Don't hold on 2 bad
Night loves <3
Just how awesome IS God at football?
Library was glad to be a part of the scavenger hunt-really got people in the door!
Who is holding for crosby this year?
“I've always thought of the T-shirt as the Alpha and Omega of the fashion alphabet” - Giorgio Armani
Not much i miss talking to you >.< lol wbu
RT : Mount Union to punt ... did push the field out a little bit #d3fb this Defense is during Their job let's Go O.
RT - I'm thinking our new neighbors won't appreciate our New England Patriots flag as much as we do.
RT : Sandia Speedway has a new name. Find out on during sports on KRQE News 13 at 5:30!
Thanks for the shout out!
Hey Pittsburgh - get your skin glowing for the Holidays with Dermalogica! Free Gift ($50 value) with your $75 Dermalogica purchase!
We hope everybody has a safe and happy easter!! Just a few more days and "Mercy" will be ready for you all to hear. Stay tuned! Bravo
Should have to you by Monday. We're pulling some final #s today. :)
they had REALLY sweet tea in TN! Time to fly home now.
Rather it have been a Speaking Out piece? Given story, I asked those Qs. Told newsrooms will make own decisions
Loving my life! :)
Studying anatomy as usual!!
When perfection is possible, it allows us to rest and be comfortable, but our walk with Christ will never be perfect.
Just had to kill my FOURTH spider of the day.
so how many fans are you losing due to your endorsement of Santorum? By the way, there is no god. And your new album blows.
can u make my birthday wish come true and follow me?
your child she is too cute and all big now
Goth girl is flossing her teeth in class. Its been 10 mins already. Take it to the bathroom.
I NEED TO WASH MY HANDS
“: Be slightly "cautious" of the deer. Bucks beat the Spurs by 3. #Buckswin” haha come on! Big win
Rock Chalk Jayhawk!!!!!
Glad you like!
do the Wop and the Wobble(:
Let go and let God <U+E41D>
RT : #RIP to Donna Summer!! because i cant believe this!
Try "Girl from the wrong side of the tracks" angle. Poor girl loves rich boy, Mayors a Bible thump'er, shes a sinner
I'm not a big orange soda fan but he liked it! But god that grilled cheese was amazing!
#RIP MCA of the #BeastieBoys. Not just hip-hop, but all music will not be the same
Listening to a great #HIMSS talk about #mHealth by
understatement of the year! lol.
It's kind of annoying when you, as the customer, correct the customer service agent at the insurance company.
Good morning to all!
Hahaha I MISS YOU TOO!!! Me, you, and jamie!! This week mk?! aah and HE DOES!! Its redick!!
i adore Nelson. He's amazing. :)
good luck! Hopefully they will give you good customer service!
is as kind as she is beautiful. She should consider a career in television.
fuckkkkkk i just cut my finger on sum..like wtf
I remeber reading that it was very interestin...~:-|
sure. How are you?
Happy 7th Birthday #DFW! A true community jewel! Celebrate! Celebrate! Dance to the music!
He is the problem!
Why does coffee taste so much better when someone else gets it for you?
ditto!! Xo
The stat that caught my eye: coal’s share of total power generation dropped below 40% for the first time since March 1978.
HUGE stop there!!!!
So. Tired. Need. Sleep.
Is this in response to something? I don't get it.
not a dream crusher, just a realist. Much more realistic.
More troops to Afghanistan,balking over the Columbus city budget, and new allegations against Tiger Woods...all starting at 5am. Join us!!
The only thing that's holding me back from graduating and moving out of this apt is 3 more pages of this paper!!!!!! :D
hope you're surprised when it isn't me that walks off the train
Go bulls need OKC to lose!
Everything is changing way too damn fast
U are special,and no person like me can or will ever hold u back from truly being happy with that special guy. You have the "it"
Thanks for the RT! It's a pretty stark piece - Valentine wrote the "Phoenix Program" - see also, the 1st Lethal Weapon movie.
Lol if it did we all be rich
Connie Dopierala is revealing her secrets for hiding graphic novels in prayer books.
meting out some friendly reference at ucla and some harsh restaurant reviews on yelp.
Me Too!! Congrats! XO RT : So #excited about the next #issue of #LA #HOT #Magazine! "OMG I'm going to faint!" ~
Live in a few minutes. Stop by the chat-room and tell me your requests.
Thanks for reading. Tree of Life is probably not for everyone, and that's okay. Wasn't Drive a butt kicker? Love t.
Your twitter name is slutty, your tweets are slutty & your avi is slutty. I'm going to treat you like a slut whether you like it or not.
#usbank loss draft department continues to provide the absolute WORST customer service I have ever experienced in my life.
thanks! It was a great question :-)
"Night and Day" is Cole Porter most popular contribution to the Great American #Songbook and has been recorded by... fb.me/1AW6BTCW9
haha shut it! ill get Jenny on you!
I'ma Keep You Lifted Up In Prayer Homie. Stay Strong Man.
Would you ever date a fan???(:
You are amazing. Must take you on tour some time!
Great to have connected with you at the conf -- I'll miss discussing devops & Gene's talk with you. Safe travels.
Oooohhhhhhh haha a million yrs later...you are right.
Mike! Wanted to say thanks again for the Clips-Hornets tix the other night. Glad to hang afterward, too.
Watching the vampires assistant is so hot in this movie!!! Lol!
There's always someone up, even when you think no one isn't lol
Love it when the top ten workout songs are released and you realize you already had them all!
I already miss you.! </3 I'm actually surprised you responded...lol
you're great. Xo!
Do you think #responsive #interactive #design is a trend or the real deal?
Back in Chicago after an amazing week in NYC... no other place on earth like that city!
I turned it down.Lol I can't juggle all these works.I'm already all over the place.My avi is just a good camera&camera man
Is there any night you can take Simon?
I'm pretty easy to get along with.
Thank You!!
what are you doing up so late girl:) Ranger win got you all amped still??
Hello Liam! <3 <3 my mom is letting me go to one of 1D's concert in Florida!!! I'm really excited I love you guys!! <3
It's straight outta academia really. Every(?) conceptual model is remix, but semantics may be only differences.
I'm going to hate Mondays!! 4 classes tomorrow :(
has anyone seen my invisible purple dragon???
Thanks for the input. The intern who was responsible for setting up the initial design scheme was FIRED.
I bought it my freshman year, 2000
this movie cannot come out fast enough!!
New Mexico welcomes the rain!
Careful, Chris. Remember when the GOP made fun of Obama for sharing smart, practical fuel economy tips like that one? :)
i gave danger radio its own tweet! lol
Your a good person do not let grandpa make you feel less besides you have richard who cares
The only lasting beauty is the beauty of the heart. ~ RUMI
lol yea I think Imma grab em this weekend they still got got alot of sizes in castleton.Imma take the L on the South Beach lol
Thank you and happy holidays!!!
Yes of course! (:
blehhh i do nothing.
Super! (We are only based in NYC, hosts and guests come from all over. We'd love to have you on! I'm looking for you on Google+
Good morning doe !
Robust search of training catalogs in Plateau6.4 - very helpful for users to target the training they need.
this weekend was so perfectly relaxing and a blast all in one. just what i needed
Haha. I miss you to Justin.. i miss mavelyn more tho :)
you'll never feel as free as you do now.
I miss her. I miss makin you smile. I miss bein your hero. You were my girl. You were my everything..
HS diploma makes you 38% more $ than non grads and those with some college make 54% more $ than non grads..
Personally, I would sooner have written Alice in Wonderland than the whole Encyclopedia Britannica
Aw thanks for following me again. Stay safe! <3
girls night out tonight! can't wait!
Love the hop profile of Deviant Dales. The 16 ounce can is pretty sweet, too.
Fantastic baby
lol okay I for sure will <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> but I don't have a car yet..
Track meet in the mooring I am going to be tired
dude, his works are amazing!
RT : Random tweet...if u could be the greatest dancer ever or the greatest singer ever which one would u be?= i would be a ...
I hate fake ass ppl on twitter stamp
I hope there will be chocolate creme oreos to eat in heaven! :)
"rawr" does not mean "I love you" in dinosaur. Have you watched Jurassic park? "it means im going to friggin eat you"
Heavy duty leaf sweep-up in Bolton Hill begins today.
Stop tutting your own horn..
Des Moines friends, just got the best news ever La Hacienda on Ingersoll is back open! (cc: )
got mine :D
Finna call it a nite style gotta b back at it n the am 7 to b exact...be safe
While the # of games in which AL teams scored 10+ runs is comparable to 2010, the # in the NL is 33% lower.
Are you attending our next event on 4/12 w/ AD Larry Williams? Check your email for more info!
that's not the idea. we want you with us...all to ourself. ;-)) miso soup and all!
I was gnna txt u about this but I thought u would judge me for my dorky-ness lol.
I do my little turn on the #Catwalk ": Are u too sexy for your cat?"
Maybe I'm the only person, but I don't get the appeal for #NewGirl. I just don't think its funny.
When a house is staged it is no longer a place to live, but instead becomes a product to market to your target audience.
Booked another short film!! Four auditions and an improv show tomorrow. It's a good week :)
them slow half court playing games are whack. Lol looking like the 98' Utah jazz out there
are happy bubbles available on a coffee mug?
#TruthIs... im afraid of loosing you(:
Finally feeling a bit better today after 2 weeks of staying sick at home. Hopefully on Tuesday, I'll be able to go to work. :)
Honor Louisa May Alcott's birthday today. "Jo March" was the first American juvenile heroine to act from her own individuality
Have you seen those people all around downtown? What's going on?
Back to the dark side. And wasting time.
Peggy's boyfriend = original hipster
Good luck on that visit to your surgeon - hopefully you'll be outta that cast soon! BTW - digging the profile pic!!!
How much would you bet me, if u was the bettin type, that #UK don't lose more than 3 gms and marches thru march to #8??
congrats on Revision3 acquisition. hopefully a great investment.
Bored to hhheeeellll
I been in these streets like its a class mane
that's the best!
spicy like all of your chicken
me too
It's a band called empires. check em out.
Thanks to US Sen. Michael Bennet's office & Hal Bidlack Veteran/Military/Constituent Advocate for attending our press conference!
does anything really prepare you for a date with destiny,)
I miss my workers! :( Other two sleeping, deployment code going well. Sites will launch tomorrow.
Check out our #diningbydesign buzz...www.domooredesigns.com/press.aspx
I'm so afraid of loving you 'cause the next step is losing you, and my heart couldn't do that
RT : 2012 #HHAwards for Outstanding Non-Resident Production goes to 's wonderful staging of Edward Albee's...
why would I tell u a song a song name or a whole song?
can't access the station via flycast for droid per Web site. Any other options?
I try. I fail. I try again. I fail better.
Summer intern selected. Energizing to speak to up and coming idea makers. Library Sci students are a talented and diverse crew!
don't worry. It may not look this way right now, but the recall election is such a small part of what we started in 2011.
Music makes me high!
Watched shows on Bermuda triangle, area 51 and now free masons.... So many secrets
Good morning! I wish I could take a nap!
THank you so much, feeling better than yesterday for sure.
what about the Beta Summit at InnoTech? "Do you know any events I should list in the #Austin for next week?"
Shouts to Kinetik Entertainment's secret weapon!
I'm finna follow u .....like realtalk I miss seeing u india
I get so happy when I see my daughter
Haha I love tweets. He's the cat's meow.
Happy Mother 's Day Mom! Like she's really gonna see this tweet.
Oh, I'm not looking for it! Normally I'm trying to get away from it!
Gym. Even if it's just 40 minutes... No flaking.
#happybirthdayjboogz this is doing a lot your luck I love you
Just got back from Vegas. Then off to New York at midnight!
hey Alexis. It's coming along great. Now I just can't borrow $ from the shahs family
Times like these make me doubt that their wealth will trickle down to their neighbors. ;-)
Funny how after 7 tourney games, my 6 year old is tied for 5th in our bracket group....by picking Mascots! Amazing! Patrick/SL
Using video in your salon marketing strategy? Entice users to click play by using rich, sharp colors!
If holding your phone makes you unable to perform a driving maneuver then put it down. Its a simple request.
Yay at #DMV. Ready to waste my day away
Commercial Leasing Broker's Association happy hour tonight at Abel's on the lake - come talk deals!
#theMomentWhen you realize that your Childhood Best friend an you don't have anything in common anymore :/
now on the search bar type the name of songs u want to play...and click on search bar and add those songs..:)
Just found out that my run today took me through an active crime scene. I must have been in some kind of zone...
The fact that Spencer was very little read was for some time a source ofsurprise to Martin
I am!
It hurts to breathe! Good thing we open Friday
better take a good picture for me tomorrow.
How are you supposed to study with the 2012 NBA Playoffs starting today?
Some men just want to watch the world burn. If hydrogen atoms were men, this would be even more true.
Play Lauryn Hill at ANY TIME. that's what I turn up to
in Amsterdam to they acknowledge 4/20 day? Hi xo
I've tried. Guess it's time to end it. Sucks since we've been friends for so long & he's always been there.
Here we go again with this bs....(its piss lena off day again).....smh
Uh, that was supposed to be an exclamation point.
Wheels from Waukesha will be calling in on this one tomorrow. cue the happy gilmore "jackass" drop
doesn't your calendar woe mean it is time to schedule a break? :)
Think with your hands. Consider a stand-up work station. Engage your brain and body at the same time. Helps with focus.
Chad be having me cracking up. Lmao
Oh snow. You kid thee.
Cherry Limeade from sonic tho >>>>>
When i was buying roses, the cashier said to me 'maybe you will get some luck tonight'
": Your poor vagina. RT Meetings, meetings, meetings! Busy day today!" - I love you for this!
Good morning! I hope you are feeling well today.
"That pitch right there really cut the cheese. Now when I say cut the cheese, kids, I don't mean fart. I mean it was a strike"
I just finished a 3.01 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
awww hope u did well on em!
I love how my sister has to revolve MY BIRTHDAY around HER schedule. uh, no. it's my birthday not yours.
Web mapping workshop next 2 days ... trying to learn something. Whats the over/under on that?
Where are u, now that I need you.
": ": Girl: "You give me butterflies" - Boy: "You give me boners"" " i enjoy a good boner. And u do!
Nancy Dell&#39;Olio &#39;never takes off her make-up even when she sleeps&#39;
heading to another meet/greet.
That is one of the reasons why we provide the kind of service that we do. It is for people who cannot make it out of their homes.
I GOT MONEY ON THE LINE LETS SHUT EM DOWN
1 year down. 3 more to go. on my way to becoming Dr. Monterosa
Save 50% in our Wall Decal Shop on Etsy - Coupon Code TODAY50 at checkout - www.wilsongraphics.etsy.com
If you're to build your own practice start with a business plan: potential clients, competitive advantages, identify the challenges, metrics
Check the theater dept. for one act plays. You might even get more actors.
Nicole Kidman was totally jamming out 2 Springsteen by
dealing with the same problem
Thanks for the rt!!
Who wants one?!?!?!?! Possibly making 4girls1move shirts! Check out the design on tumblr
My computer beat me at checkers, but I sure beat it at kickboxing
I wish the challenger I had for a few days
May the all-powerful God grant us a restful night and a peaceful death.
Remember : I follow you !!!! And I answear all your questions !!!!
Busy Town: Un-PC since 1950.
Lucroy. Beautiful double.
Laying in my own room farting and doing whatever I want cus im allllbyymyyyseeelffff
Mohammad~ Flowers feed the soul.
I was always down for whatever until I had knowledge
heyy i was just gonna tell you. Your beautiful. <3
How are your babies today?
Totally would, some other time. :( RT : Cooper's! Stop by and say hi (I'll buy).
so st. pierre forfitted the title? #ufc why are they fighting fir intermn belt?
Best parent teacher conferences ever!
what time? where? for how long? can i tackle you?
Back on Facebook, confusing new layout
Forgot money for star
We have the best hallway. We won powder-puff. Let's make sure to be the loudest tomorrow at the pep-rally. Seniors we got this!! -- Alina
nope. everyone hates me...HA :p
i follow her for you :D haha
Tonight at Analog!!!! You ready!!
Be contented.
Dear , Why do you treat me as an inconvenience, when all I want is the damn package you asked me to come get? With love, Jen Jones
Big pharma ads: ever notice how cheerily and rapidly the announcers gloss over the long litany of potential side effects?
To everyone who received a Mercedes or Lexus with a big red bow this Christmas, fuck you. Still.
I am a little late, but just found out. RIP Donna Summer- music of my youth!!
First the fat boys break up and everyday I wake up somebody's on timeline with quotes
I forgot about Scandinavian. Saab 900 for life.
Congrats on graduating by the way. Now come to Maine to see me?
or the 7th inning?
: try they have a guy from Den Haag that blogs about living in Tirana, Albania
can U help here? RT : how do you get a code for Choco Gets A Check Up,? would love one.
i recently had a positive outcome with AT&T after using Twitter to alert them to their own insanity - now I'm wondering "why me?"
Yep, it has lost its glory, no one wants to go.“: It used to be "VEGAS BABY!!!" but now it's just "vegas..."”
i cant be bothered with combing my hair or putting shit in my eyes. thank god for clippers and glasses.
I love to cook, and I love to eat, but when I'm this busy, it's just a burden. :/
The President of Iceland just extended a personal invite.
We love to travel and hope to visit Williamsburg or VA beach this summer with the kids. Never been with kids. Any suggestions?
Florida State is playing some amazing defense right now. In the gaps, hustling for loose balls, contesting all shots and passes…great stuff
Dustin Kahlil Band advances into finals of Hard Rock Rising
“: Today is one of those days that I had to play "The Return" in my headphones and just walk..” I do that everyday...
Thanks to for an amazing weekend. Even if I can't remember all of it!
Just realized after watching the Amazing Race, my acting partner in a callback last week was THE Miss South Carolina.
People need to be reminded more often then they need to be taught
Looking for someone with mad advertising skills DM me.
My tongue is numb.
It has been 1000 days since the #ReidSenate passed a budget.
No he's not lol Can you come over? :D
WLP keeps climbing steady,hasn't wavered since I started watching the stock
the hell I look like taking a shot for yo ass Drake, you started that yolo shit, so say your yolos and go get shot.
Wow! What an intense game. I feel like that #Brewers game was on for 12 hours straight. Gotta love our crew!
Coming to ? Be sure to stop by "Murderers Row" aka Row 500, feat. &
what was really cool my college uniform was exactly like the Mets uniform pin stripes and three stripes of blue and orange.
In our absence, there are many whom you should follow. They are truly invested in real reform & have helped us begin this dialogue
early pimp gets the perm
When I read that it was like him singing it in my head. Haha.
No one will ever take his place
I agree 100% “: Ah Bud Lite Platnium is absolutely terrible.”
DJ NOVA's Last night in Milwaukee. Come check him out... plus our upgraded VIP spot.....
Everything is perfect in the universe - even your desire to improve it. Wayne Dyer
This guh ain't serious about this hair....NEXT
I've been back in my Fort Worth for one year...one year tonight. this year has been full of surprises and realizations.
Cleaning the office fish tank for the first time. This could go horribly wrong.
I have come to conclusion economics is the most bunk class ever
Reading about how much katniss cares about prim makes me depressed. I will never have a katniss to care for me like tht
Disable auto-run files in USB/external drives to limit vulnerability to attacks.
I saw that at Target too and thought it was a strange partnership.
Blocked everyone I know on here except people that actually matter in my life. Idgaf about anything anymore.
because she dosen't feel like cooking, it's 80 degrees out too.
Freebies at walmart-sam's club, view www.downow.info I supply 125 leads a wk at enrollment at www.dowsite.info fun & makes a difference !
"Hey, is named that because they only fly to the southwest?!" hahahahah you da funniest.
#.Cancer&Virgo'Love#
C-Walk in the studio tonight. Photo shoot w tomorrow morning. Behind the scenes to be posted this weekend
#FridayReads #Pandemonium by Books. Some sequels are disappointing. Not this one.
full time what?
Thank you for the mention!
Happy New Year!
Giving away 50 Sobe Party Passes for the NYE weekend.. let me know if you're interested in checking out our venues: Prive, Opium Garden, etc
Out of work and off to eat endless ribs with my thunder buddy. The day is looking up!
"When I grow up, I'm going to weigh 300 lbs. Help!" Just received my newsweek mag.. baby on front holding french fries...
Holy moly. Scary when a "technology" person at work doesn't know what an rss feed is and has never used google reader. Eek!
Is there a reason everyone is favoriting my tweets now?
Happy Birthday,Vito Marcantonio! Our late Congressman from East Harlem. Born in E. Harlem on 12/10/1902. He died in E.Harlem on 8/9/1954.
That is awesome, MittenMojo!
Still on the job hunt... So many emails going out, nothing coming back.
Really dont want to close down bdubs again tonight :(
lol smart ass
#bold play the masked mamba took all five celtics to the bucket... What a gladiator
I have something new in the works. Hoping to get it out and in the world sooner than later.
I know what I'm doing tomorrow / watching all of the nominated short films
Eric Church - Springsteen
Just saw two guys walking and carrying a 30-pack of #Budweiser - one holding each end of the box. Really guys? It takes two?
Yes, that was already asked. Apparently still faxes (somewhat badly). And uses Firefox 3.6 without Javascript.
minus the annoying sidekick and shacky camera
Romney sd "I support a women's right to choose" until Rove waved $$. I don't think "evolving" is the same as prostituting ones ideals
This line at Chick-A-Fil-A is long as fuck.
The guy who is the SUBJECT of the blog post is the person who unfollowed me. But he followed me again today.
Yes, but I can't access it at the moment.
Patrick Land, who pleaded guilty to beating to death his his g-friend's 3 dogs, is being sentenced today. Dept. 31 HOJ.
I hate when I get to that point where I just want to give up on everything. . . God give me the strength
what INSPIRES you? What moves you to create?
in school -.-
What's a server? Is that, like, WordPress?
Look for our own theatre manager Derek Reis on Channel 8's story on the film "Bully" airing tonight at 6 & 8pm!
seriously!!!!! O'dea straight gave his tourney away in that hand
you guys were awesome last night!!! Thanks for the amazing show!!
yea true bt any place is better than fayetteville
he mean tobacco cuz his tail dnt smoke weed
RT : It's been J.J. Hickson's personal highlight reel tonight at Staples!
Went to see the FamBam in the Valley, be back on Monday!!! =)
Barcelona - Madrid in a couple hours. Who's gonna watch it?
Snow flurries in April? I miss spring in NC.
BEWARE: the deer park man is outside your apt building unloading more jugs of water!
is hysterical. Saw him in Portland. Hope your not a comedy show heckler!
Love me for me,if you cant ....then be gone.
THE PRINCE OF R&amp;B MUSIC: CHRIS BROWN | Article by James ...
Thanks for the follow... Happy Jazz Thursday Chicago!
The Heart is A Lindsey Hunter
That's better than having big feet, especially since the 7th grade #size15 RT : I hate having small feet #size6 :/
I agree totally. I make kale chips for when I get the munchies. Delicious.
I'm so ready to get my hair cut
Cut the rope update is sweet!
ay mam the good thing It's not bad
call me asap bro
Im sorry yall but some people make me SO mad but im ok :)
#Boxwire BizTip: A better overall customer experience leads to better sales.
I wanna go to a dodger game <U+E402><U+E32A>haven't been to one in a while.
Deep conversations are the best.
I won't be the one to let you go.
Happy Halloween everyone!
In a Crusades2.0 administration, what part of attacking muslims for Jesus is acceptable?
Make no mistake - Wing Dome is a terrible place. Sixteen wings later, I'm full of chicken meat and self loathing. Time for a nap.
who am I. " don't hit my phone no more yo, you ain't a true friend forreal doe"
#followmeor pull out a black water handgun on the police during a traffic stop=
Yawning is your body's way of saying 5% battery remaining.
Chilly (20's) and quiet thru Fri for much of Great Lakes Region. Wx models hint at possible winter storm for Midwest/East U.S. 23rd/24th.
Anyone up?
LOL! :) My home works done!
MIXING. EXCITING.
my entire family is indexed twice in 2 different locations in the 1920 census too. We still have no idea what the story is.
Going to watch A Walk To Remember tomorrow in academic enrichment.. I might as well not wear makeup cause I'm going to cry like a baby. :c
Solidarity march by students in Tehran against NATO this weekend. From Tehran to Chicago no to NATO.
Well played, good sir!
#1 person on twitter I`d like to meet:
...better and more refined at expressing myself in other ways. :)
When I touched my test, I saw blue sparks coming out of my hand. The nurse thought I was insane so she sent me back to class.
Friday couldn't of came soon enough
Just woke up in st Luis stoked for tonight show people in st Luis rock!!!!
Jeb i think
Kinda over this whole humid and rainy duo Baltimore has got going on
The GOP budget reminds me of the budget that dug Greece into the financial shape that they are currently in.
My sisters birthday is Sunday. She passed away last year on The 12th. No wonder this month has been depressing.
When buying a #puppy look at the entire litter - are they healthy and well cared for? Have they been wormed and socialized?
A visit from the parents, a sick kid and a busted ankle = much time offline this weekend. :)
And NO (for the 12th time already) we will not relaunch as a snuff porn site!!!
well yeahh cuz you don't like glee
Yes it was him! Funny kid. “: was this comment coming from venn? he was quite the character!”
Dunno what he believes makes a "bad" teacher. It was the comparison to drug dealers that I thought was wrong.
Tonight...#phoenixcoyotes #glendale #lakings #hockey #party YES!
So true RT : #Ripple Thought Of The Day: Some of the most powerful words you can say to someone is "I believe in you." (more...
Welcome to Cleveland!!
may need to run not walk to Tommy's after this game
killed but we need to look at all cause and affects and chg behavior
; replied. :D
A perfume, it is like a new dress. It returns to you quite simply marvellous. ~ Estée Lauder
We are thrilled to announce that the one & only Roberta Brandes Gratz will speak at our Benefit this December 1st! Details to come!
Yes, another stabbing out of a robbery at Wrexham Park.
it's amazing what a motivated group of individuals can accomplish.
#WeddingCakeVodka Launch Party See you gals 2nite!
You want to know the hardest part of writing a paper? Actually sitting down to write the paper.
I've been a long-time fan. So glad your career is taking off. You're hilarious. Hopefully you'll be back in Boston soon!
Don't let the weather get you down, lift your spirits with a good old sweat! Join us for Cardio @ 8am, Pilates @ 12 or Yoga @ 6 & 7:15pm!
Spirituality can be severed from both vicious sectarianism and thoughtless banalities
ASU makes a pitching change.
How the hell do you iron a sleeve properly?!?!!
Door's open. Got some great 1/2 off specials by the glass tonight. (Any bottle we opened this week, but haven't finished.) Ask on it.
RT : You know the guy who wrote that is still snickering at his desk w/his buddies. (Truth)
Is everyone from NY a rude a**hole??? Or am I just lucky to meet the only ones?
Stay Up for Dick Midnight NYC
I needa stop frontn n get some #ProClub tee's on wholesale
I AM SO EXCITED, Hopefully you don't get chocolate wasted on set(; or hopefully you do.
done...good luck!
I'm in an NYC cab and the radio is talking about you! I knew You'd be the #xfactor success!!
Bored, lonely, and watching a scary movie by myself.. can't get worse than that lol
it's not like I just ate dolphin or something!
I wonder if I can take an instrumental music class for an elective? I miss playing an instrument in a group...
Got my Starbucks gift card today - thanks!
Can't wait to go pick up my car after work and pay for everything that wasn't covered under the warranty
lol well they did, I just won't move to LA, plus I enjoy more comedic/casual hosting :) Thx tho!
Yep! I'm a Yankee.
Something all people should learn is how to chat up the stranger who knows one person in a room of 75. Don't just talk NEAR them.
So..thanks for follow me! Are the best followers<3<3..(: I love you<3 always!!Thanks for 1087 so exited
bet it wouldn't be too hard to get Pregnancy magazine to print that :)
It's so hipster in here. It's 8.6 on Pitchfork's grading scale. Curved.
mwah ;-* IM NOT CREEPY OKAY I PROMISE. okay maybe i am a little bit creepy...
wow.. congratulations on your 3 year anniversary on twitter.. <3 L.F.U.
Well this is the part of the day were I say good night.
Desperate housewives and Revenge. Ashamed that I knew the answer instantly
omg lmao i feel the same way
Let's go #DUKE, Let's go # DUKE, Let's go
Hoping for Beasley in the next few minutes...
that is one expensive dog! You can splice them though (the cords that is).
Bout to grab my pillow pets and catch some Z's.
My lovely bride & I started a new Bible study tonight. I'm really looking forward to it. Doing a Bible study with a hot chick is the bomb!
Wow, Jasmine just mocked the mentally ill to get out of paying for an apple.
Still planning on making it out to Phoenix for Spring Training?! Hope all is well!
I think you're really just losing your sassy touch <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Thank you, Nicole Hoffman, for giving me the opportunity to see Vanessa Carlton and Gavin DeGraw tonight. Such an amazing show!!
4. Fairness + Dignity
I went to get some extra money before my surgery tomorrow OMG it was so good..
Over at , there's a great piece on Plotto: The Master Book of all Plots. (from , no less)
Thank You Terri for your encouraging words!!!!
Happy Monday! RT if your producing something GREAT today.
US 41 your speed limits suck!!!!
OK, sent.
Go Noles! RT Hey #Noles, help give a warm welcome to our new Assistant Coach Welcome to the #SeminoleFamily!
Is it weird that I think Seth MacFarlane is attractive?
People name there baby's after me :))
I'm on the #MoneyMap Webinar with
wish I had been there for you!!! Miss you
Simple tonight. Grilled free range chicken, grilled red peppers, and couscous.
The years go by so fast - happy birthday to all fellow January 5's
Best birthday ever
TY for the follow. Would luv to see IA commit to 1Gb min up/dwn at every K-12 site in this state by end of '13.
huh? What do you mean first years?
Kudos to #USD for smooth logistics for #dalailama event. Happy, mellow crowd.
Just drove by Kidd Springs park. Taking dogs out for walks at the park Is great but not in this heat ...104 degrees
This phone is mad cute
westbrook makes that? this kind of night, huh?
first interview in 13 years and I was offered a job. I guess I should go buy some lottery tickets.
Class comes in to the picture for artists. From the audience- from the top of the arts, the attitude is that artists will do things for free
u better watch it 1st moe
lmao. Nice tactics
#AstrologyFacts #Geminis like to push the proverbial envelope, always looking for a way to get close to a circumstance without getting hurt
me, you, and intelligence did a song back in 2006 in queens ny at mello crib....i think it was called romeo and juliet. proudofu!
Flirting while in a relationship is highly disrespectful, and while it may seem harmless, can be very hurtful to the.......
Happy New Year! May the LORD smile on you and be gracious to you. - Numbers 6:25
Myth was on the news this morning and not in a good way.. All bad
Talk about being TIRED!!!
story of my life rt "We stopped making the jeans that fit you perfectly right after you bought ur 1st pair." -Every store ever
Sorry to hear that. I will pass this comment along to the powers that be.
Tidball's - Saturday night with Thee Japanese Schoolgirls! - Bowling Green c'mon down!
it's funny how no one cares. <U+270C> #holler <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
RT : A company not responding to a tweet or Facebook post is like hanging up the phone on a customer. With millions watching.
Thankful Thursday @ the Farm.swing by & receive any two top shelf grams for $30 donation, plus our strain of the day is Super Silver Berry!
was suggested to follow you and I saw you were a growth consultant on twitter and marketing background via LinkedIn...
Reading instead of writing. As usual.
Pickup Line: I may not be the best looking guy here, but I'm the only one talking to you.
Do I dare watch TI & Tiny?? I've never watched it...
follow back
Happy Valentine's Day to all!!
never trust a blurry Twitcon
How do ideas travel in #highered? Seems it's more conference and community than carrots and sticks.
your welcome (:
Good horny morning to everyone. Make it a fab day!
glad to hear that he's better
lets make out.
yeah there are some great opportunities here, I'm really happy for him :) and you?
I like the sound of brew crew baseball till 2!
Kiss me & tell me you love me!
#SaySomethin - Austin Mahone is beyond AMAZING! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
we have way more in 10th grade
yikeszzz as usual.
Thanks for the shout out on tonight's Candidates Forum!
Are you looking for a summer internship in MIAMI for Digital Marketing working with Artists and Brands? Contact us right away one seat left!
Order sent yesterday to Paul in NY!
You don't need to be "perfect" before you act. To act before you know if you'll succeed or not is courage!
Good Morning and Happy Friday!
Can't hang out with my boyfriend today be cause why? Cuz my mom wants me to sit at home and do nothing. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
once once you let go of all the bad things in life, God can then bless you with great things!
15yr old girl w/terminal cancer has "trending on twitter" on bucket list–lets help. #alicebucketlist alicepyne.blogspot.com
Agreed! RT : Nothing wrong with great tunes and bacon wrapped dates.
For fantasy footballs sake I hope L T has a career high game! I need the points!
There is a fine line between some good soft rock jams and those slit-your-wrist wails some pour into the microphone.
are you all open?
Just ordered the book. Looking forward to reading it. Thnx for setting businesses on the debt-free track!
Adobe Cryant shouldn't say WILL win it, because you are possibly gonna make an ass of urself if you lose, I predict it will happen, losing!
Making myself a 'Mission of the Day' :)
mike&mike were tough. That interview NEVER happens if espn, not fox, were 51% owners of the big ten net. And that is a fact.
Im thinking I need a new
Drinks in Deadwood after a ride through spearfish canyon. I will get my picture taken with Wild Bill.
About to Jail Break My Phone
I just saw the trailer for the new Snow White movie. I'm pretty sure it was never meant to be a horror movie. Just saying...
shits about to get crazy in the valley! I'm so ready!
Last day of classes. Ever.
I don't know much about algebra, but I know 1+1 equals 2 and that's me and you<U+2665>
“: How u guys doing out there in twitter world?” I'm fine, thank you. And yourself?
Oh my......did my cat just........come and sit on my lap? And not try and hurt me?!
Just put together CHEAP pricing plans for our Tee's and Social Media Consulting...Would love to hear from you!!
ahaha. I just wore mine into the gym.... But i changed into hoop shoes inside
So I have one cat on insulin, one cat going on prednisone tomorrow, and a third cat who just slid into a counter. Geriatric kitties. Sigh.
Sounds very nice! It is not going to be very nice in #Madison but hopefully it is on Saturday for the Farmers Market!
Thanks for the follow ! Your work is fascinating.
Stop jumping on the bandwagon n go get u some new eye candy with a whole lot of talent
#Kudos :) The Foundation Center is the leading source of information about philanthropy worldwide
met you tonight:) i was like the second person in line. Follow back?!
congrats.. U been workin hard I c
“: that it she's gettin fupa slapped” she's not pregnant anymore so it's legal
ive breathed alot of unnecessary oxygen
not much to do on a 24hr bus ride but be a skell
Do you notice the little piece of gum on the side walk that is about to be stuck on the bottom of your shoe for the rest of its life??
Lol I'm hush
I knew it! You're with the oppressors, aren't you?
Study: Lose weight AND diabetes with surgery. Watch at 9 PM
Growth is mandatory
What ya do is complament the less attractive friend on the thing that makes her the less attractive friend and u in there!!
Passed Vint Cerf on the road today on the way to work. "Cerfs Up" says the license plate.
DAMN BOSH OUT....SMH
I really hate when pple say they gonna do some and dont do it or cancel or change things at last minute
No #BeerDiplomacy tonight, but tomorrow we'll be chatting with sometime in the early evening. Stay tuned for details.
Thank you my dear Andras :)
deadline is 4pm today, what's your take on EV infrastructure availability in San Diego?
“The LORD your God in your midst,The Mighty One, will save...He will quiet you with His love,He will rejoice over you with singing.”Zep 3:17
told ya' you were the lucky charm, lol!
"It's Spaceball 1. They've gone to ... plaid."
Everybody At My School Dresses The Same ~
Quit dwelling on how old you think you are. Any man at 40 should easily be stronger and just as fit as he was at 20.
wait campout Friday ?
What is going thru ur head when u drive drunk? Look what did. I guess DHB isn't making enough to pay 4 a cab.
- Sorry about your loss... got to spend several hours a couple months back with Daddy Dale. Went to lunch at TJ Ribs amazing
The 3 word mission statement feels like a great extension of the #oneword2012 and #oneword365 resolutsion.
Hi all my children of the night, stay tuned for the up and coming video from Sub7 and The Undead.
I cant take this long distance relationship anymore. Fridge, you are coming to my room.
Thanks for the mentions
Thank you for all the follows!
Pre-debate analysts on FN complete 180 on Ron Paul from first few debates. Now say he needs to be respected, listened to.
You only 19... You never stood a chance
I am working from home and season 3 "Roseanne" is on in the background and it's making me _so emotional_ .
fell off a curb in my w/c. Feel like a truck hit me. Banged up my surgical knee (on 5/11) & my paralyzed foot. Bruised everywhere. Grrroooan
Don't tell me you love me if your gonna go and flirt with more girls.
Yaaay bronchitis :p I feel like I'm coughing out my lungs!
All i can think about is my fantasy football draft right now (4th pick).
Thanks for the follow!
"I dont need this right now. My man has two jobs"
remember to stop & smell the flowers
Unambiguous Recommend :: 'Clock Without Hands', by, Carson McCullers. A masterpiece on race, class & individual responsibility! (RIP : 1967)
RT : We're excited to team up w/ for an upcoming Wine Benefit, April 29th! Call 2day 2 make ur reservations!
Aftershocks of Sumatra quake felt in India.
Whoever found my website by searching for "Rebecca Halpern librarian," you kind of made my day.
RIP queen of disco #donnasummer you were an inspiration. I'll be singin' for you tonight.
Words cannot describe what I'm looking at | Scion Pickup Truck Still Possible Says Youth Brand
Watched the dunk against Arcadia about 50 times lol those were the days
text me
Expert Advice: How to Start a Website Redesign
Congrats to SR LB Ryan Piatek 4 being honored as the top D3 player from S. Jersey by the Southern NJ TD Club. 2nd Award banquet this week!
I really can't deal wit this shit right now!
It's like candy!!
Thats why I love adam richman so much he is a blessing but he is a very humble man that why I care so much
sup you!
The Power Of Touch! How a pair of hands can
What state would you like to see us all in play in this summer other than Colorado?
you homie this shit sounds crazy!
Shower than Sleep <U+263A>
Grilling London broil and chicken with baked potatoes and salad....... Yummy can't wait.....
what's the scoop on Devoe Joe?
Local shout out: Folsom - interactive Customer Comment Board installed today in preparation for Grand Opening Oct 26!
Oh, yes, definitely. The discussion just started with Chp 1-2, so I'm anxiously awaiting Peter's appearance!
First technical glitch. How is the wireless?
I just asked one of my co workers if he was going to do something and he looked at me and said "that sounds like a Monday thing" lol
stop it!!!
Off to check in to our hotel and hit the #LFI2012 show floor... We'll be posting our #LED finds now thru Fri! Bye everyone!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY PAUL I LOVE YOU
oh well
Sorry. Happy Easter!
Goodnight and sweet dreams <333 Love you sweeties. =)
I get about 21 city--not bad for full time AWD. DC gets bad weather, you need compact 4 cylinder SUV.
I'm tired!
Thanks Dave...we'll have some good music and discussion. Jim is looking forward to seeing everyone.
<now following the dudes, thanks for the follow.
World Cup Rugby starts today. Hoping for an Irish miracle. Money is on the Aussies but never right off SA or NZ
OMQ. can't believe I ran into & while out to eat! Hahahah :) LOVE Y'ALL. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
How is OnDemand not working??? It's ONDEMAND.
Manchin supports Sen. Reid who says "coal makes us sick" so he'll vote for Obama at the DNC convention and in November.
Happy Feel good Friday!
Beards rule!
#FF the fabulous #socmed crew from
Who can i call?
Great page. I have published my "Guitar Made Simple" book on Kindle.
UW Ath Dept: We remain hopeful we can still come to some resolution over the scheduling conflicts that have arisen in regard to the WIAA
Good Job! Keep up the good work with #weightloss! :) Gotta love #HCG! Today is a beautiful day... 20 lbs down!!! #HCG!!!!
Crucial turnover by Avery Bradley. Feeding the post is a loss art! All players need to be able to feed the ball with both hands!
RT One more nite to go until goes GAGA! Text STYLUS to 46786 to get our VIP text!
Wishing every day was Saturday night!
- I am really enjoying your new album #REWIND pretty awesome :) waited a very long time for this :D
NEW PIC: Pregnant Drew Barrymore Dresses Baby Bump in Clingy Sweater - Us Magazine
I love justin bieber but this girl selena gomez needs to get out the crew the fans will always love him I'm not hater tho!!!
Happy Wednesday to you, too! Let's make it a super day!
I Am The Most Competitive Chick You'll Ever Meet! This Dude Is Trying To Tell Me He'll Beat Me In Flag Football <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>! Omw To The Field.
ditto! See you around... The last day of the conference.
that was insane. It is impossible not to enjoy watching CP3 ball.
You say you are a great person and that we are friends, yeahh okay; you sure act like one. Not. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Homerun number 3 by ! Reds might need a new pitcher.
You're welcome Gary!
Welcome to twitter ! Woo
We are open from noon to midnight! Stay tuned for today’s deal….
One of my best talents: changing the subject during a conversation. #comesinhandy !
You can always count on my love !
Just believe in yourself and you will go far
Thanks!!RT : S/O to the beautiful ladies of the AKA Sorority Inc.
": Some Shit Jus Better Left Unsaid ,"
wishes everyone a loving, peaceful, and thankful Thanksgiving Holiday.
Master's comp exam tomorrow morning....can't wait for the drink I will enjoy after it is completed
Splitter has a sprained left wrist. He won't return to todays game.
My shoulders sting so bad :(
all I want to do is tweet about coffee shops and use hash tags.
Huge point saving BP.
Anyone yet know how a school gets started using the new Groups for Schools feature on ??
Can I vote more than once?
best waiter ever :D and then out of nowhere he's like "oh btw I'm Latesse(or whatever he said his name was)" :p
Kolby your vast
no judgements here. Naps keep me sane. I think that's still working out for me....
S/O to HP girls on 4-0 3rd round win over Wakeland!
m idk remember but he did :(
Every #webcontent #writer on our team has a degree in #creativewriting or English. We love the craft and are satisfied with only the best.
Need a key to my apt. Asap.
Got fantastic advise from Tristan #mentorstudio and now putting it to practice....fingers crossed! Im excited!
and winners find a way
Vivendi and Universal Music Group buy EMI Music for $1.9 billion. Tell a friend.
#Vietnam Perspective of time &forgiveness as we see tiny view of God's view of history-war turns 2 compassion 2 collaboration 2 partnerships
Lynch deserves a primary for making no sense and offering no leadership. He's been the nowhere man until this latest stunt. What gives?
Beautiful Sunset! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0084>
Of course there is not formula for success except, perhaps, an unconditional acceptance of life and what it brings
So glad TT took Jordy instead of DeSean, he must be that much more dynamic
We spend the first months of our children's lives teaching them to walk and talk, the next twelve years telling them to sit down and shut up
“: I was just too. Mid afternoon coffee & beignet break”
I love to go outside and play<3
Spindows twitter account now live. Check.
big l, very nice
Wasting time is an important part of living.
Everytime we argue babe I just wanna give up.. But when I see your face babe I just wanna make love
oh no what happened? :(
Mom's gonna be in NYC this week!
went to LSU, moved to Dallas, then Albuquerque - I have to cook the Cajun food - show folks how its done. you shld try NM food!
I'm OK. Sitting on the exercise ball. My back hurts and my tummy won't let go. I'm assuming that's good. :) C'mon contractions!
I swear I will treat oomf MUCH better than oomf...
#Mixedraceproblems I'm vietnamese but I'm covered in french/white genes.
smile; it kills people who want to see you cry.
Shower time ;D
And now he's in FL.. bueeeno.
Do you soak almonds or walnuts or sunflower seeds? If yes, why?
I really dont feel like being here.
Just took 2 scoops of pre-workout #cellucorC4 for the first time- I feel like I could run through a wall, in a good way haha
Get the Gringo opens Available on demand May 1. During a high-speed car chase with the US Border Patrol and a bleeding body in his back s
#ImMadBecause you want me to change so you can like me.
Spend two on her give her a rack
Leave alone! Still my fave!!
What do you look for in an adult social Sports league? What would make the league you play in even better?
Today couldn't possibly be more shittier
#followfriday an amazing band from Virginia Beach... - help get them to 1,000 followers!
For half-a-second I was like, 'WHAT THE!' while pouring the hot chocolate mix into my mug. But then I realized they were marshmallows.
Meeting with mother of Alexis Patterson shortly. 7 year-old Alexis went missing 10 years ago tomorrow.
Listening to my boy killing it and shutting it down on
Fascinating! #ha!
Time for a twitcation! The move is on...#WallaWalla or bust!
Sorry! Correction: the Gospel Music City Awards in Nashville, TN is at 5pm April 28th!
I love you. I love you. I love you. The End.
If you are looking to buy a home, let The Oertel Group educate you on what it means to buy in our distressed market. www.TheOertelGroup.com
Want to borrow some art!? Get to making!
You know, the usual... (RT Listening to while I wait for Kenny Rogers at SeaWorld)
that's one of the movies I have no shame in saying that I will always cry when I watch it.
#sdmayornp helps nonprofits by busting drug dealers
I still hate needles.
agreed! Super spammy.
#workaholics is too ridiculous
That Darron Thomas TD pass showed some real finesse. He usually fires it in there. Nice touch on the corner fade to DAT. 21-7 UO
Charlie: I've got just as good chance as anyone else. Lol nope poor kid stays poor
what's good bruh
Heat win , and wade's shot = Great start to my day
#RatchetsLove trying to call other girls ratchet
Still not tweeting during game and still winning!
Definitely! I have to see that performance. I'll be there Wednesday, so I'll text you.
#2months #believe I am so excited!
Didn't speak to you guys today really ): but goodnight tweepies (:
message me omg im dying HAHHA
Fantastic article in , ladies, you look amazing! We all owe you thanks for proving you can be DC chic IN COLOR!
oh yeah #anytime you know caits would have done it if she had a twitter...
the Girl scout patches dont really stick with an iron, do they?
he said shawty got potential he'll be my sponsor
yes! Maybe it will be soon(:
Wolfpack win! Bring on Georgetown
Urgent care place is playing Tom Waits.
yahoo - I hope my sisters all followed my advice and got this great stuff, too!
i just hate it when u just get out of an argument then after tht u think of a really good come back to say tht really gets on my nerves!
Yu should learn 4rm a mistake the first go round....I mean why wld it tk going threw the same ish a numerous amount of tyMes b4 yu get it?!.
Very use to hearing the phrase smoke something...
I agree;complaining is one thing, public forum is another. Then again says I embody frustrated annoyance. Im your choir.
Spent the evening on the porch with pizza and beer. Couldn't be happier.
Hello, Charlie! I am a big fan and you are one very beautiful lady! Not ot mention, sexy as well!
the Smithsonian is sponsoring a seminar culture-specific museums on April 25 or 26 at NMAI. Not sure if open to public.
Yes! And spread the word! RT : I think I'm going to buy one if shirts. Or something tomorrow:)!
Want to see #smallbusiness systems and #teamwork in action? Check out #DeadliestCatch right now. Love that show!
I mean, Common's an old school bitch whereas Drake is a nu school bitch. And the middle finger goes to...
So exhausted.
Looking for a unique #giveaway or #gift? We now have lower quantity minimums on #imprinted ear buds. www.BNoticed.com
Cheap Cabernet and Deep Conversion ;-) It's Friday why not
I hope so. It's fun. The musical theatre geek in me is psyched. It's good to see a broadway baby on tv too!
It was still a good point. ;)
We're playing blood bloody cut cut.
Feel like a chemist in the kitchen cooking. Dont know what Im going to call it yet but my mixtape is gonna be crazy!!!
Done taking 267 from this day on.
Thanks for the RT!! Such a good day for disability rights in Michigan! Let's hope administrators do the right thing! LetEmPlay.us
I WISH I CAN DM U BUT UR NOT FOLLOWING ME! :(( I BEEN WAITING #3YEARS FOR THAT DAY 2 COME 1
I used to work with a hypochondriac; we had to hide all the PDRs or she'd freak out & diagnose herself with all the ailments.
OMG AUSTIN PLEASE FOLLOW ME I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! XOXO &HEARTS; :]
Thanks Mark! I got the idea from the CD workshop postcards that were in the bathroom too. Free billboard space!
you didnt make it!!
Txting my baby i miss him so much. :-(
#VGA with the Family
wait... when did it turn into the third week of April?!
7 colors make rainbow. 7 chords make music. 7 continents make the world. 7 beautiful letters make us friends :)
I don't understand all this hype about banks, yet we can't get anyone to care a fig about guns.
follow they follow back asap!
Still got spaces left for our Photo Safari balloon rally 5/15 @ 5:30am! Sign up today @ .
Had an amazing Christmas! Hope everyone else did too!
Yet anyway.
Who is your Favorite Villian?
Answer: Make change for a dollar.
Wow... but bummer for your mom. Hopefully they don't all quit at once.
- grateful for you Angie!
Now following follow me
: Quality not quantity
The streets were strangely devoid of men this afternoon, that's when I realized it was SuperBowl Sunday
not having such a great day... i wish would follow me! It would really cheer me up :)
What can I say about that suit that hasn't already been said about Afghanistan?
sundance trekker, parks and rec-er
feelin hot hot hot...yoga.
RT : Rise and shine, Geeks! Follow & retweet to win (RT2WIN) an signed by Felicia Day!
nice pic, thank you! We hope you enjoyed your stay.
Good luck to the Huskies today as they look for huge #CAA series win over #ODU at Freidman Diamond.
nacho cheese or cool ranch doritos
I want to be very clear. I don't like being an asshole. I'm just perfectly willing to be an asshole.
My phone bein a hoe dog
The #OurTime slogan is correct. The fans just forgot to read the fine print....begins 4/24/12.
You wear what you eat.
You go, Yoko. We DO imagine peace. Thanks for reminding us. Happy 78th Birthday! (see Yoko's ad in today's NY Times. She's authentic.)
Happy Easter!
Amway (the business I'm a part of) will b giving away $250k worth of toys on the TODAY show tomorrow from 9-10 am cst TOMORROW)
I take coffee vacations all the time without ever leaving LA. I've got 20 spots for you to hit. Ready? It'll be fun.
Idiot 49er fan getting into it with me... Gotta love some idiots who pollute the world with their stupidly 140 characters at a time.
I feel like store samples imply a sort of contract: if I like the product, I must buy some.Doesn't everyone feel that way?
Jeff is getting ready to meet my new niece for the first time!
sure will you follow she's my bff
Oh what a day!
Chilling Almost Done With My Mixtape But Need Help Promoting My Music Can Somebody Help Me......... -KaeSmoove
Makes my blood boil-this is a legitimate right of
LMFAO you would be the one to miss read that! “: “: I'm so hungry! Geez I feel like I can out eat anyone!”<~~ u kn
Merry Christmas and Happy holidays to everyone!!!!
Monday: cake. Tuesday: cookies. Wednesday: macaroons. Today: Krispy Kreme. It's like we enjoy sugar or something.
I love how when tells us to give some love... he gains like 200 followers in a minute (:
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 45
you're a warrior Donaldson
So you want to punish Obama by voting for Romney because you're upset about the exec order re: Hyde amend. No you are punishing the country!
We're talking food - having tough conversationswhile you eat.
awe thx!! the whole team rocks! And glad it's useful stuff
If there's a team that plays harder than UWGB, I haven't seen them. Wow! Even though they came up short, still had an impressive run.
I've always been the one to blame.
Must be the defensive linemen that are about to lose their jobs. lol
Thanks for being a good friend(: I'll aLways be here for you NO MATTER WHAT! I Love you priscilLa :D <33
Yo GO, Tracy!
You are, hands down, one of the best friends, cohorts, and colleagues an author could ask to have! #MuchLove and
Mixing brush in CS5 looks dope, allows for a lot more control and realistic applications.
Thank you Mr. President! We're so happy to have you tell the world that Gay is Okay!! You have made America proud!!!!
I haven't had the chance to see Hunger Games yet. Have you?
Im having this sudden urge to listen to some old school gaga.
Thanks! I think 's blog post has brought up wonderful discussion, especially between newer & more established archivists.
My Bday was filled with Ice-cream, cake, wine, and pokers!:D
Friday 420 show is gna b killer! Exile is rockin w monstarr n taye tags. Tix r $5 at the symposium in lakewood. Whose supportin the scene?
People are still willing to do an honest days work, trouble is they want a weeks pay for doing it. ~ Joey Adams
Today is People Making Noise Right in Front of My Cube and Making Me Glad I Have a Meeting to Go To day.
Sry i havent been online as much i promise i will tomorrow :) luv u guys dont unfollow please.
#3WordsOfAdvice Ron Paul bitches.
Moving on to working memory test. Here goes... Ouch! The task created a "strong feeling of thinking." #NEASC11 Chabris
I want long hair. Now.
LMAO you are funny!
It's funny how I can give you all the advice in the world but I can't even tell you my feelings.
he lives upstate how dafuq does he know where is10 is?
Think about the business side of it, we both can gain here.
One year ago today, Mike Haywood was hired as #Pitt football coach. Please don't hire anyone today.
OMG! Biggest Mistake in My Life!!! .#ListeninToPeople smh
It annoys the fuck out of me when people think they know everything!
This should be the reaction every time a sequel is announced. There's a problem when sequels are expected.
In a matter of minutes I'm gonna be a brace face :(
Saw some dude in my office had a shirt on, pretty bad ass. Totally gave him a bro-five and chest bump.
Sushi ah sushi
I was confused for a second about it tweet, then i remembered u tweeted me yesterday :P
Why does everyone assume i'm a Playa I really don't pimp hoes I been faithful for a past few years
starts previews tonight. Who is your favorite cast member? You have a lot to choose from!
Savard bobblehead's stick has been recovered in one piece. Now to glue the stupid sign back on...
quiet Sunny. Your going to mess me when that day comes.
I forgot I was 21 lol I should go get wasted wit the big dawgss ctfu fuck all this ignorant Bullshit.. bet I could get my mind off it =)
im goin to sleep im to fuckin bored i just want to end this fuckin day
RT Spoelstra does characterize the MRI as "good news."
YES, I DID!
you are so lucky that your gonna get your braces off! i get mine off next year! ;3
Haha what makes you think I need you???
My 12 year old son and I will be watching from Dallas, TX. Go Big Blue
The Shave Barbershop Call For More Info 305.866.1940 Thank you !
Yes, it is. I'll forgive your indiscretion in replacing your gorgeous green shirt pic. Only because u look so hot in a tie :)
F U NIGGA
good job John!
2) data from Arts & Humanities Citation Index (may not be fully representative). Still, may suggest visibility problem
Originally overlooked, now my favorite line from the last episode of by Jessica: "Joe! Computer this!"
Mitt Romney reminds me of Judge Elihu Smalls from CaddyShack
#OWS using Bob Dylan's "The Times They Are a-Changin'" 47 years after it was released without a hint of irony.
couples are always welcome. I LOVE chicks ;)
Community Impact Arts Partnership Hon Mention goes to and
The Kings are a good hockey team.a sleeping giant. Too much talent to not be successful.
2 stories from The Times this morning: 1st saying the pound to plunge, the 2nd saying the worries were overstated- sounds more like The Sun
I fortunately already have an iphone (got it for my bday) but have you checked out our iphone app?
Another day, another Day, lol
. Kudos for picking as your new wine columnist. We'll be looking out for it!
Solid all around team effort for the with a 8-0 win over the
#drops ! RT Except that #xbox cust svc *didn't read* the actual problem and thus didn't address it *at all*. Grrr!
oops watching The Killing.
You know it. Why is he behind 88 ?
I just tried to grab an onion out of the cupboard and it collapsed into mush in my hands. I guess I need to cook more often?
If you can, take a moment to look at www.doenetwork.org. Every body deserves a name. Maybe you can help find someones daughter or son.
How do I get involved with this #FF thing?
Today, I'm going to attempt to run 5 miles on a 1/11 mile track.
just do it at home if your gonna do it...
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions...My family, my fiance && I are PIGGING OUT all around the U.S....Like the food network :-) :-) :-)
: Hank Greenberg, former boss at AIG donated $2,500 to , and Greenberg's son Lawrence Scott, gave another $2,500 in Feb
Life is to be lived, not controlled, and humanity is won by continuing to play in face of certain defeat.
Got my 9 yo girl an iTouch to help her communicate- she's communicating all right. She had an email from a boy 5 minutes after coming home.
well, i guess i'm just going to get off fb & twitter for the night & just get comfortable & lay down & think through some things & text.
: theres a whole chapter in the txstate freshmen guide warning of
sorry if it sounded cheeky, im just pissed off x
To John Durante : Do you have any good white papers or literature on RR ins I can RT to followers from #Connections2012?
Wine tasting Thursday, April 14 6:00-7:30pm Swig's Broadway Room $25 per person Let us know if you are interested
Me to neighbor on plane: "Are you going to comic con"? Him: "No, a wedding." Lame.
the black mamba closing it out tonight
Hey, if you can't change the name, change the network.
lol I don't play like that so
I wish I had something positive to say.
just did and yes, REALLYgood. excellent production quality, lyrics/vocals. very passionate and hardcore- very different. thank u :)
What's this? #netflix raising prices?
So drown me if you can
Fantastic random quote!
I don't recall, but it's a great brand. Like it?
Why do I always get the room next to the noisiest people?!?! Just shut up and stop hitting shit against the wall!
celia and i had to buy them seperately because no doubles showed up and we ended up RIGHT next to eachother
Oh. Hai dur. You're hot. K. Bai. C:
I love nonWestern narratives!
Come into Lottie's today for St. Patty's Eve!!
Is it too late to #ff ?? follow this kid, he's kinda funny:
So how do you get to sesame street then. I was ask but no one answers lol
Last night I dreamt about writing, going on vacation, losing my wallet, and parallel parking a rental car on a steep beachfront slope.
NOT FUN MISSING MARCH MADNESS ON TV, BUT AS A COLLEGE BB COACH I'D RATHER BE PLAYING THEN WATCHING SO RECRUITING IT'S BEEN AN IS! #SKYHAWKS!
ewww NOT the prosperity gospel...
too much margarita.
I was spinning Nat King Cole all last month.I think Nature Boy is my favorite of his recordings,or Walkin My Baby Back Home.
How exactly does one retain the digital delivery on ones credit card?
we're working on them. :)
u speak russian??
Well, my day has just been ruined...I guess i'm just gonna go listen to and try and feel better....
LOL! It's funny and crazy that I get that tweet.
(con't) the kids are using their personal computers #schoollibraries Just wondering.
Cant Still Believe it feels Like summer already. Time is traveling fast these days!
<-----some-thing-fresh.
Brewers put the smackdown on the Cards! Let's get Game 2, boyz!
Let's go #Caps! Big game tonight. Sorry Bruins fans, Red Rockers are a Race for Hope team. We need to cheer them on!
<---- The Don Dada Nigga You don't wanna Romp with me.
Great work Aaron!
it was my favorite part of the whole show!!
Def Leppard sings of a video vamp. In the Remix line becomes a "vagueness vamp."
Definition by way of consumption scores a negative lump sum. Produce some fun or you're dead and done.
GIRLS are programmed to say No .
Maytag Gas Stove Top Pressure Regulator Replacement part 74007704 - jenn air cooktops
A lot of people get surprised that I'm loud & insane.. my family aren't very surprised.. they're quite familiar with it ;)
you have no proof
Open Garden Foundation
Looking forward to see all my friends at the LPNG networking group this morn @ Whistle stop. ^Carel
love it
In so much pain D=
I'll go out on limb. Pokerstars / Wynn for USA state network. Tapie and rest of PK license software to 888 and Caesars or possibly BWIN.
Come to #Chicago have an outstanding meal.. see a show!!
Yea I'm laughing at the windows comment. I mean I respect windows but ehh I'm over them
We spent the weekend at an amazing B&B in OshKosh & I'm struggling to get it back together this wk. Maybe I'll give up & try again next wk!
Thanks to all for the RTs about Rock to Rebuild. Info coming soon on March reschedule.
You can go back in time and see The Beatles, Led Zeppelin or Queen (the bands that got the most responses today) live. Which do you pick?
Wow. Daniel-San looks pretty damned good for 50. We should all be so lucky... Rock on
The Adamouski has launched in a successfully slow manner! Follow the directions and begin to submit for the 2011 prize.
I miss you too :'[
From the actions stems the dream again; and this interdependence produces the highest form of living
Standing ovation at the private eyes performance yesterday. Cast was incredible!
I cant fly Turtles cant fly Therefore Im a turtle:D
149 new tweets for "Jeremy Lin" since I searched 2 minutes ago. so, haven't heard from yo on this! Wasn't this on your wish list???
I crochet and that seems to help me.
#SB2012 has been amazing. But I seriously can't wait for the Dominican republic in June <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
And a little bit of good taste!
my last class day is probably around June 12th and the year is probably over June 22nd. You?
Do Scottish Terriers get Scotch tapeworms?
You Went broke That Shit Cray
“: Yayyy! Tennessee Lady Vol Golf comes up with the big win! Such studs!”thanks!!!!
Berezovsky Proposes Britain&#39;s Prince Harry Be Made Russian Monarch
I really can't wait to be on my own. That day just ain't coming fast enough. </3
Your dentist probably read your tweets, LOL ;={>
Happy birthday!:D
Admitting it is the first step lol": JaVale vids apparently make me giddy.#MyNameIsDaniAndILoveJaValeMcGee see I can admit it."
NY end of March.. Link us
that's good! Let's our boys take the cup this year and NATO nut balls don't burn the city down. Lol
haha. I can see that you're pretty excited about the #BowDay :D
Sunday Social @ the #HORN with .10cent Wings, Crawfish on the Patio+ EVERYONE FREE b4 7pm
OhioSt v Wisconsin what the hell?
I love days in class when all we do is chill and talk the whole time
interesting! Not sure what to do with the other 23 hrs and 30 mins of the day though....
Barnes out there playin grab ass ol fruit booty nicka
I almosted cried listening to "This is the Life". U are doing a GREAT job. I have a feeling you're one of God's favorites.
CES is shaping up nicely. It's all abuzz and TV Everywhere is hot!
if u work for them I am so sorry. What a horrible company... ;-(
I'm thinking of a few people I might just sign up for that class... lol...
I can't wait to see the new video of the CASA Superhero Run that Stories Comics shot on Saturday. I will post as soon as it is ready!
Nice glasses... Maybe you can give & some style tips during that interview...
Kicking in a door and clearing a house man I love my job
Poised Creation is beginning to formulate a network into entertainment!
Joshua Freeman presenting Sol Stetin Award for Labor History: Nelson Lichtenstein.
What?? PrincessofMars was available for #free for my #kindlefire in the #amazon store. Found my new series.
dont get discouraged because your priorities are not other peoples priorities.dont forget, their priorities are not your priorities either.
Going out tonite ... Been a long time
oh my goshh i know...
try again, she worked during the civil war, she would be more than 100.
it doesn't happen nearly often enough. I really do need to get to #SF more.
One of the largest donations in history by a living donor(s) was $3 billion from Melinda & ! AMAZING.
Are they not awesome?
Good morning! You can not force things to happen you just have to be ready when it does. Enjoy your day!
Put a positive spin on EVERYTHING! Flirt, love and enjoy every second of the day!
You end up stirring liquid with increasingly larger sticks until eventually you're paddling a kayak
Very anxious for this game to get here,anxious but confident.
I do want everyone to have fun tonight, but I honestly don't know if I want you to Wang Chung...
lmao Ditto .. No comment
I don't need a perfect relationship, I just need someone who will be there through everything without giving up.
not quite. I'd like to wiggle into PR.
Only thing I don't like about warm weather...frizzy hair.
My goal today: find out just how much Whipped Vodka it takes to numb my senses & still pretend I'm interested in playoff football.
I feel like I never really sleep.
My point is that there is an Art to the act of creation which is why some creation (Lesson design or delivery) is junk.
It's going to flood again tonight, isn't it? And yes, I do have two loads of laundry hanging out to dry.
Little by Little. Saw this tour at MSG. They wore suits. Amazing!
Beautiful but a chilly morning
Not following a marketing "expert" back because she has an apostrophe error in her biography.
We have so many needs in our life, but at the end of the day, all we need is to be needed.
Great night of local beer: 3Floyds Thick White Freeks and Pablo Picasso
Recording? Sounds kinda lame..
Saul Smith was/is better than Michael Porter and Twany Beckham or Jon Hood.
Who is laughing at the guy with the solar panels now!!!!
...Quan Linh's Bun Tom Yum;This Viet. spin on Thai classic may not B authentic but *is* 1 of most delish soups in #pdx! ("Best" cont.)...
That's beautiful Rick!
oh hahahah. Oh okay! Good luck haha. I will try to buy VIP next week :) I feel a whole lot better now.
needs to start getting followers lol
Your very welcome =]
i have one
Thanks Nick MFG! Great comma usage -- very crucial in that instance!
look at those ABS omg <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
P.E. IN FULL EFFECT, BROTHA!!!!!
is thankful for her son's.- I realize that God has blessed me with two wonderful son's - who are good students and who have good friends!!
"Physical Comedy that has a Whey with Curds"
ringgringgggg! Hello?!! Hi Chris!!! Thanks for the follow!! Talk soon! love, #mofones!!
I know he is, but I'll be watching the event, not the self-selected back-slapping.
“: AND ANOTHER HOME RUN!!!!!!!” did NOT know Rebecca Black was a baseball fan.
Mrs. just asked if or could 'guest host' for me at home this weekend. Oopie.
Thank you! And Congrats on yours!! Congrats on your TWO #Emmy nominations!!
Our Line Dance Class is this Friday (2/17)! Ladies, will you be there? (cc: )
Anyone else want to fight with me about justin bieber damn right il beat you #belieberforeverandalways<3
Why does the legislature suck more as the weather gets nicer?
Tired of apartment hunting...
#StopKony2012- he's 1 of many doing so much harm. Still, he's a good place to start! So impressed with #InvisibleChildren and their work!
Hey! Sorry we just haven't had the time :( We're definitely trying but we might not be able to participate! SO SORRY!
Breaking news: "Snake bite in wal-mart"
please wish me happy birthday?(:
you need to come to Oklahoma <3
sounds good! don't visit my post today...you'll be #hungry :(
The amount of Indian food I consumed at that work meeting is astonishing
ooh! Do you have any pictures?
Happy Mother's Day, Everyone!
The menu book has alot of pages alot of options...i couldnt decide so i just got watever lol
Rise up!!! Go get what belongs to you!!!!
Holocaust Remembrance Day (Yom Hashoah) begins this evening & ends tomw evening. We join our Jewish brothers & sisters in honoring this day.
singing "You Got It Bad" was awesomely sexy.
I can't justify it - and would totally go for retina display if I could ;)
#wild flag kicked it tonight, create show
If it was truly+clearly impeding your work, perhaps, but if not, it's weaksauce on their part. (This is why I hate office settings.)
Snort. RT I honestly can't believe we are debating the Girl Scouts. This makes the creationism debate seem high-minded.
my jam. lol
ohh god i wanna hang out with on 07-23-11 haha my brothers birthday !!
Yes, we ALL are doing well. My dd is behaving & reading in her room. Aah sweet moments!
Say what you like about suicide bombers, at least it's a job for life
#idol - Joshua and Phillip's duet was better than last week but they don't compliment each other. More suited to Phillip and OK overall.
Not a shock, but the rake is very very high on duty free whiskey at DUB.
Flight home from #PyCon at 0800 tomorrow but didn't get a hotel for tonight, hope I can stay awake & alive through a night of sprints
Can you send a screenshot to ? We'll take a look right away!
Status Update: Currently grindin' hard on a Quentin Tarantino vs. Spike Lee Film Event...this should be interesting.
“: I eat my feelings all the time.” this so much.
Atllanta..summer school and hopefully a job
Tough loss tonight. Can't win when you score only 16 second half points
Pitchfork... No longer #relevant. ": pitchfork listed superbass in the top 10 songs of the year. dead."
I'm still in bed. This is ridiculous.
NP! MM- #Amen *Two Step*
Thank you! You were there in spirit!
Alumnus, that is. *
you should consider becoming a sponsor of
i understand derrick rose tore his acl, but shumpart did too. talk about this rookie as well!!
You're right. I do generalize too much. It's important not to view phenomena as coming completely out of nowhere, as if they
There's No Bitch Worse Then a Typical Bitch .
Photo shoot went awesome! who's ready for the new line-up?
Good morning, Sunshine!
They need to put a W.G. Grinders in my part of Hilliard...
Pause Serena Williams is a rapper now? I am FUCKING DONE!!!
so how is everyone doing tonight??
When I click follow it say forbidden!!!!!!
Vincent van Gogh: Do not quench your inspiration and your imagination; do not become the slave of your model.
That's sad...I couldn't even imagine.
that's one of my top cities to visit in the US!! I will definitely hit you up when I am around, you can recommend tourist spots.
congrats! You are for sure a badass! lol
HEM and PokerTracker calculate your "all-in EV" and graph it on a red line. Money won=green line. I care more about my red line.
Hey Neflix can you put all seasons of Designing Women on instant streaming? I need my Julia Sugarbaker fix yall
"There isn’t any security in a job. Security comes from within. And that’s where you need to find it
The are most dangerous in attack when Felipe joins attack. He has to push higher up if they want a goal.
Today is Friday and a week ago Beastie Boys man Adam "MCA" Yauch died in Brooklyn. R.I.P.
If one more friend ignores me today I don't know what ill do but watch out.
I hope you don't get caught in the rain. ;)
hookin up the drinks!
you're gonna be fuckin' awesome!
Thanks for having me! I'm editing the pics now. Hopefully they make the paper/online in the next few days.
Visit our partners' booths to get your passport stamped... and win great swag
I think that was to predictable
maybe you'd be interested to know that the green is hydro seed to make vegetation grow to control erosion.
Off the chain last Night!! S/O Mz Lisa, !! Awesome Job HUNNYS!!!
Sore throat + gray #Seattle skies = a pho kind of day
Congrats to for a great event tonight! runs a fabulous org that cares for some amazing ppl.
There was no recording of the book reading, so no. Kids just like me that much - they read to me ...
Pure/Natural/Vegan Skin/Hair Products. Win-win! 100% Profits to Charity-Big discounts-Employment w/growth. Visit: beautysnatural.com
you and your TBL crew are killin' it these days... great job.
Phil is clutch!!! I love on Sunday's!!
I'm addicted to you.. don't chu know that chur' toxic?! ;).
awesome gig. time to relax the mind.
thank you for being so helpful. It's been driving me nuts as this droid is my only internet connection right now. ; )
You too!! How did it go for you?
Catching up on Secret Life <U+270C>
Excited to hear/meet today!! And meet DC's non-conformists & travelers!!
“ T2 sometimes wonder about this. How do you prevent co-option while getting patient stories out? ie "Everyone is a patient" #s4pm”
Excellent! , I would like to purchase the ticket. Let's make arrangements.
ready to go home and eat
So Teals startin crazy bananas
Member down town we was holdin hand in the 1 part& everyone was. Starein cus i was white&u was the only person wit a white girl
Wishing I was at the beach with Bob marley
hey what's up!(:
so much steele today i love it
I have a short-term photographic memory. When I study I look at the book, memorize what I see. When I close the book, its gone.
yo check out #bay #area #underground #hiphop #hashtags we're working on some dope stuff right now for
: Michael, thank you for working on my book. :D So how is the first chapter coming along?
haha I spilled it all over myself......on my birthday. I spilled it on too;)
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG THE MILITANT CAN'T BELIEVE HE'S GOING TO A #DODGERS GAME AGAIN!
I think I finally figured out what to do for my tumblr.
woo 22 more school days left
..if you peek at the comics, it's his signature T. Such a great episode! After Sunday, we'll be on pins + needles until 2013 ;)
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear "STOP,POLICE!!"
all my authors who've read that piece about DOUBLING productivity in the age of e-readers are emailing things like "aaaaaaaaaaargh"
Oh definitely !
Oops. Deleted the tweet with the answer, very sorry! :/
#Friend is a strong word nowadays
maybe so(: I'll ask
beyond dope! RT Blown. Elated.
slow computers kill me
please. they don't pay me enough to show up at work!
Pleasure! RT : I look forward to tweeting with you all! Thanks for the follow!
...Going to be a guest at the class of THE best children's #acting coach in L.A., Helen Anzalone
it was great seeing you on Wednesday :) see you at the meeting next week!
LOOOOL. Oh My God. I love you so freaking much.
Omg car ran into a tree.. My prayers go out to that family
Good Morning, #Vietnam! Very warm welcome to #iPhone game family! So happy you have joined us! You rock!
awesome thank you
RT The Game will be on Tonight We're gonna have Free Food & Drink Specials for everyone that comes
Just found out that ABC canceled Life on Mars and I am so not happy about that. It is such a good show! *pouts*
VENUS\MARS pairing in TAURUS eases the tension of tonight's MOON\SATURN opposition.Pamper each other today to avoid conflict tonight.
Snide remarks about places that aren't called New York (Cbus OH) aren't clever or funny - especially from an NJ transplant.
that's gross. gay marriage doesn't support that.
eww i look disgusting.!:o
No ones home, so I'm gonna blast my music and get ready to go downtown ;)
OMG WALTER's facial expression hahahaha "I called your house last night Peter but you weren't there" <3<3<3<3<3
n/f follow me back
about what you're saying about a name by the number haa
uh i dont even kno you.
Live life to the fullest. : Neva RT : lol sometimes life gets in the way
Same here, bud.
new music coming to www.squalaorphan.com ALBUM on ITUNES RIGHT NOW
what was your inspiration to do that? =)
Immaculate conception or rape? If she didn't know it was coming it was immaculate rape.- Sean Rouse
Powerful moment. Thank you Jennifer Hudson
Jackpot was so high I just had to buy a lotto ticket.
IM IN LOVE WITH AUSTINS SONG 11:11. just thought I should get that off my chest lol.
These Exxtra hot cheetos are going to work right now
I feel like going to a big house event! Any coming soon?
and now it's time to remove myself from my two computers. Not enough hours in the day.
And I don't care what can talk about me, 'cuz I know someone of my life I'll totally COLLAPSE !
Now is the time for poker legislation, not years from now. The gov't needs to realize they can't stop it. We wanna play!
it's apropos, anything goes.
Out walking with my mommy <U+E115>
Lunch at La'au's with Dan Lewis!
If we never had thunderstorms, we wouldn't appreciate the sunshine!
#TwoThingsThatDontMix Politicians and The Facts.
well damn
It's going to be a beautiful day in the neighborhood today and tomorrow so get out and enjoy it!
lmao tough love
like yours truly on facebook and look for a special offer coming soon!
why you no get here now?!
I can't DM you b/c you're not following me. Would love to hear more about the blogger opportunity. Please follow & DM me!
Prayer Task Force working to prevent drug addiction - Daily Sentinel
thanks cheers!
who ever found my ipod touch , has #No Heart ! for not retuning it back to me -_____-
Treat people how u wanna be treated
RT : Congrats on the IDMA award! Let's celebrate it tonight at !
Justin Bieber.
The human centipede 2 is a very fucked up movie
cool. Love seeing the alma mater looked to for insight and expertise.
Making emails mobile: include a preheader
The 2nd SOLD OUT show at the in 8 days and I'm witness to both!! &
Isn't it crazy how ppl tend to give a politicians answer so much that they themself forget the whole truth, or even part of it. SMH!!!
Warming up, stretching, the routine. Bout to rock this house!
Excuses are for the weak...how strong are you really!?! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA> Yea!!!
haha id be open to the idea I suppose, throwing me off on Diwali bro.
You are a piece of shit and nobody in their right mind should listen to your political opinion! You're a fuckin drunk has been!!!
on who? And what did you get me today? Bring it here
oh please oh please oh please have good news for me this week world!
awesome! Can you DM it to me? I think I do at the office but if I get it now I can start on it.
Q: What's the difference between light and hard? A: You can sleep with a light on.
#abdl I am a mommy for adult baby's. If that's not you, if you have no personal interest here, please un-follow me!
For sure!
wait. you meant thursday. I can't keep track of his chatham visits...
Congratulations to ! So excited for the launch party this evening!
True that :( I'll come visit in the summer though!
watching "Some Like it Hot" in my theatre class...and I'm trying not to have a laugh attack every 5 seconds.
Leah Garchik, SF Chronicle, imagines Larry Ellison in the Merchant of Venice. "I am Sir , & when I open my lips, let no dog bark."
I'm bored, can't watch TV, and is at work. Somebody save me :/ :p
same i won't know what to say and i'll be like dfghjkl sigh i just idk
its casino time robert de niro my favorite
Good luck today, ladies!
Thanks so much!
they want to hear you sing
Ugh school :/!
Backstrom had a concussion & he's representing his country.. But Crosby couldn't.. Lolz
Camay, thanks for the update. Please lat me know if you hear anything else. Are you headed that way?
I'm the new Community Manager for Thanks for the well wishes! Very excited. Happy 4th.
i just started using ruby/rails -- looks like I missed the conference. =[ is there an active ruby community in Seattle?
today is a scorcher like damn i'm in this computer room and its hot as ever
People say it's all for attention, I say it's what I have to do to make myself feel better.
Why am I not asleep? Pretty sure this is almost self-destructive behavior at this point.
LOL! Yes you are! ;P
: thanxxxx for coming to kick it with coffee and cupcakes!!! You're the best xoxoxo Amazing times!
*Twerks with in the Malco Parking Lot*
don't forget Victor/Victoria!
Well that is convenient. There was going to be an article mentioning me, online only, and I never got to see it.
that's really unfortunate. maybe they want to give you a root beer float?
Why do we go all out for Sunday dinner? Is it to celebrate the sin of gluttony?
If Columbus would have known that eventually this America would be keeping up with the Kardashians, he may very well have just turned around
And Rod Stewart just showed up.
Hey! your From don bosco? my sister used to study There. ^^
Baseball is the only field of endeavor where a man can succeed three times out of ten and be considered a good performer. ~ Ted Williams
nurse5823 - Morbid Angel Full Concert Bootlegs Download
haha. cheers man!
Report: #Bulls Gibson named to U.S. select team
We have a facebook page...plz "like" us and ask your friends to "like" us: www.theatrecompany.biz Lots of info there. :)
These noises are freaking me out. Im the only one here.
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 67F FAIR
she was stopped with a quickness...lol.
Introducing a new call center solution from Allerent Consulting! We have a package solution prepared for your call center needs. Follow...
Very into Nusrat Fateh Ali-Khan this is morning. Makes you want to shake your hips on the subway...
I wonder if she think of me as half as much as I think of her
Currently in a training session - mind = blown. Vive la data revolution!
they SO should have gotten first place in everything. I'm gonna write a letter.
I'm so damn annoyed. :/
Mohawk demonstrates commitment 2 the environment: Requiring documentation of sound environmental practices & responsible forestry management
Nothing (: How was YOUR day Skai?!
God morning twitter land! Happy Friday! Roll out of bed and get this day started. coming up quick, help get the word out
;p lol. Have fun! I'm sure you'll find someone lovely to spend time with... I srsly don't get the forever alone thing.
Princeton has a $20 million boathouse, yet they are too cheap to stock it with 2 ply toilet paper.
yeah that work too.
what up new follower
Seeing Matt at the PAC but only being able to see Carol in my head =
Tinks sis...love ya RT : Anyone At The #louisvillebats game? Shout out to for all his hard work. Love you man!
will do
No, but if you swing by Heritage Congregational ... I'd love to have a Flip Cam there!! ;)
I just got off the phone with a woman in the Philippines. She told me it was her birthday and that she wishes for an American guy lol.
#rufusking probably from MO Comp. notes 1820: "not seeking my own advantage, but that of the many – St Paul"
There goes the Tigers' chances to ever go to the Fall Classic! No really, not just Pujols...Angels pitching staff is sick too!
what a badass workout! w/ Vanessa Garza. Getting those abs where they need to BE! :)
Apologies in advance for the novella-sized comment I left you about the Hunger Games.
disaster. More gambling = more poverty.
I love my new bathrobe. :) it's so soft and fuzzy and warm. XD now to eat Mac and cheese while waiting to oovoo :)
Google Is Blurring The Lines Between Ads And Search Results
To sleep, perchance to dream. Good night Tweeples. Get some rest.
Comic-Con 2012 Hotel Reservations open March 29! Get a sneak peek at the hotel list NOW!
Great wind direction today.
Wonder if Tortorella is gonna cry and not do his post-game interview as per usual.
lets do it
thanks for the RT!
gave me a gr8 bday pres idea 4 my dad but said they were only @ East Towne. Turns out they have em 1mi from my apt.
Essex (Intl Trade Commission): volume of smartphone patent challenges a problem...Average phone has about 2000 patents attached to it
I can't wait! I can't wait! As soon as they drop you tell me! I don't wanna be missin' out on anything. Okay? x
Thanks for meeting with us today! NBS12
Leadership - No man is good enough to govern another man without that other's consent.
White Out was invented by the mother of Mike Nesmith (Formerly of the Monkees).
OK, now I mean it. Ready to get back into the swing of things and write some stories. RAWR!
Super excited! RT Find your 'thing' @ 2012 Kaiser Permanente Get Fit Festival! Zumba? Spin? Running?
Oh how I wish it was Friday night.
": the world would be in much better shape if all academics knew how to use github" unsure you want humanities folks in there...
I didnt accomplish anything today ..... ._.
I was serious about touring!
what's wrong?
happy birthday Gunnar!
": the fact that my dad's watching the desperate housewives finale really makes me question who the man of the house is"
T. Boone has never sounded saltier than when going off about
Who will be the Denver Broncos' Q.B. in 2012? Andrew Luck, Barkley or Tebow?
When the internet's so slow that even the advertisements lag #why?!
If you get this, get on skype!
damn you on your 4k
Congratulations to all the graduates today! And especially the Communication Studies grads.
REALLY tempted to keep my hair green (or blue) but had sad realization that I should probably look "professional" for my internship. Sigh.
Might get a puppy! Any suggestions for what kind? Let me know. :)
:) RT : Stupid Torontonians, unless your last name is Tracy Tagliani or Villeneuve shut your damn car off when filling it w/gas
ok thank you for your time
I dont who you think I am - I am someone who knew you way back who checks to make sure one of the smartest boyz I ever met is ok.
Thank you for the follow, you rock!
I know its Mothers Day but my mom is getting a little carried away...
I'm right here.
were cool
RT : check out my session at 1:30p today on best practices for cities doing public engagement
today might be the day i start paying for spotify so i never have to hear that "HEY LADIES" commercial again.
Hmm. Not sure. And can't seem to find anything online...
Obesity-Linked Diabetes Tougher to Treat in Chindren
I've been studying for 6 hours straight I need a break...
saw tons of businesses around the cbd last night that got banners.... only a couple days left to get yours! www.worldchampionfans.com
Yeah, there's plenty of fish in the sea, but I want to find my nemo(:
RT 1 - 4 hitters are gonna CRUSH tonight. won't even matter who's holdin down 5 - 9. #GOTIGERS. Hope you are right!!
Finally done with my first yr of college.
Hey guess what I'm wearing to summerfest?! Nothing!
damn they got you for your craisins? Damn.
congrats on your new ride!
No way! lol RT Whoa...the world just got even smaller. All of you are amazing people!
DEAR SARA PLEASE STOP READING THROUGH ALL MY OLD EMBARESSING TWEETS THANK I HATE YOU OK BYE
this might be the best crack commando unit on the planet!
This Is Why I Get Drunk!
send me a dm
Welcome & thanks to my new followers!
Can't wait to see you and #team133! Hail to the Victors! Pleaseure to have you in MAIZE N BLUE!
I got Mares and Bones! Tu?
RT : #Gilt founder talking about how they documented their strategy to get everyone on the same page
"If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need."
twitter is butt
Homeboii De Leon!!! N Shawty Locs!! Lov u guys u can count on me!! #1 Fan for u guys!! keep doin wat u like soon yall be someone big in life
I hate all my gf exs they are ALL NASTY
Sunday morning ceiling painting. (Sounds like either a horrible #bandname or a great #euphemism.)
Lakers are totally out of sync and out on control in close out game !
Realistically, no law is a law, just mere forms of mental enslavement. Free yourself from the laws you condemn yourself of
We will pay lots of money to watch someone work in their "unique ability area" because it inspires us to see greatness in action.
we linger a hour to choose a clothes and to make up. ahaha
ready to learn how to speak Italian - any local RVA suggestions ?
Something shitty happens on my birthday every year... it was tradition. :)
Problems/the system? driver en route just called to confirm my address. Never had that happen before.
I will! I might be able to do something Saturday night after work? Idk, I'll text you!
Stop doing what people tell you you should do and do what YOU want to do.
where u going????
Thank you! So glad you enjoyed the Cab. Stay tuned for new releases and much more to come!
i wonder if i have an accent 0.o
Friends, floppy puppies, Baltimore Inner Harbor, buskers, and a sold out show to close the night.
instrumentalizing fake homosexuality toward straight male hegemonic shit!that's so passé!Iranians R so naive some times I wanna kill myself!
"Get over it and move on". "Let me know if there's anything I can do". Useless things to say to someone experiencing pain or grief.
“: The mayor just signed the smoking ban bill.” yayayayayayayay!!!
One thing I learned in grad school - how to spell "bourgeois."
Hurry up, guy!
amazing what #orioles are doing despite gaping power void at traditional slugging positions 1B-3B-DH
"When he asks, he must believe and not doubt" -James 1:6
Takin' a nap in a furniture store.. aye.
Faith is something you die for, doctrine is something you kill for. There is all the difference in the world. Tony Benn
Had fun with my loves last night. I love being with them
Last minute tix for last nite. Great show. Their songs are still stuck in our head. Happy Friday folks! Damn it's early!
Hey did you make it out west? Last I heard you were stuck in the desert of Wyoming?
I got the extended battery for my bionic
#museumsport victim: she's (yay Sarah!)
the path of wild abandon
Sorry, Mr. Romney makes $20 Million per year from his money! That he helps some people with it? I should hope so.
Get #HappyBirthdayMamaMahone trending for Austins mommy!! :)
Burnt-out CFLs do not smell good.
RIP Yahoo! Site Explorer
In big bend area on i43... More heavy rain and bad visibility.
Slaughterhouse is a breathe of fresh air for hip hop
Love is an irresistible desire to be irresistibly desired
Sweet! I love fishing lol
Writing in Miami today with BH!
Another week of helping #smallbiz owners & #entrepreneurs succeed, we hope you all have a great weekend!
appreciate the listen brotha, that's what we were going for. one more question, will you #beatiowa this weekend?
Jackson's doctor found guilty of involuntary manslaughter.
“Business opportunities are like buses, there's always another one coming.”
Agreed! Really interesting, beautiful work
Operation: Kill The Bitch
Hey , your audio track is ahead of your video.
#MoviesThatNeverGetOld Uncle Buck
I'm driving down lane avenue now, campus is nice
CUTE! Olive and Oliver.
Great day today at Coaching U Live! Thank you for all the positive comments! Special thanks to for his excellent content!
Whose all going out tonight?!
In backwards land, the "eaT party" were positive&rational, though slightly overweight. The overweight part was still true in backwards land.
people i want to meet: and many More!!!!!
If you are in Nashville and ain't been to sing for your supper, you're missin out!
When people think they're the music police <<<<<<
At one time she wasn't all that bad looking with a decent rack and some meat on her bones
same. We thought y'all might play after us at our place. That's what we did at north central last night. But pike ain't shit
After Pacers loss to Philly Sat, I've had lots of people telling me Pacers get no breaks from refs at home, and little home court advantage.
not only heard about it... witnessed it (sorta...)
I just want to be the third wheel on the tricycle of terror! Can you see his soul yet!?!
that means you are lookin' good ;)
Little Black Submarines
In 6th grade I tripped a classmate who was unpopular. You remember & regret the mean things you did as a kid, b/c you know they were mean.
they totally are. Take me with!
Agreed! RT : Know what's a funny word? Caucus.
can't believe Maurice has his own twitter? COMEDY!
If I Asked You To Follow Me,Would You?<3
Another suggestion for a children's storybook in honor of Asian-Pacific American Heritage Month is Cora Cooks Pancit by Dorina Gilmore
Worked on the Jo book while eating a cup of corn chowder and a pastrami sandwich.
This is the creed of creeds, the final deposit and distillation of all important faiths: that you should be able to believe in life
:) RT : Lol anytime! lubb you RT S/o to for hooking it up with a drink at lunch
Reasons I love New York: Bumping into Dale from Top Chef in a Duane Reade
Rain by my window...sounds like a song
I know, I have gotten the same message before too!
Thank You.I want pple 2 give me that respect as a writer so i give it.
Went to the courthouse earlier today and only two people had showed up, but they're hoping for more this afternoon.
you mise well check out my music and give me some real feedback.. i can trust you cuz you in da real game i respect that
I hope I'm not wasting my time.
When I visited Lincoln's home they had a sign at the corner from which most photographs were taken. I need to set that up.
Hey G, what's going on? Haven't seen you in a while.
In the meantime, No. 1 singles semifinal matches are just about to begin on side-by-side courts.
haha hi honey! I got yelled at for not tweeting
how dare you say such a nasty thing, sister!
Why are we flashing back to 1969... Did I miss something?
nice pick Cowher!
fried quillisascut crotin on sauted rappini and green tomato relish. I'm enjoying tiffany's rye manhattan to start the night.
I made up a proverb: The more you care, the better you fare! Thank you 65 followers!
El Cambio Networking Lunch at Forke Kitchen today at 11:30 let me know if you want to go with me to meet with potential clients.
R we still on for Friday ? ... & I never got ur email address to send you the logo. Email me @ .
jus gt in, shower then call kyre
needed DT depth. Browns suck against the run, Heckert believes he can help. Until he hits field we really don't know what he'll do.
Wow that sucks. What a great dog. RT Bummed to hear that Brewzer , the #RedSox spring training clubhouse dog, died
New iPod!!!! I love technology!
Why do the darn cats keep digging in our house plants Grrrrr
b**tch bad looking like a bag of money... but she sitting on a stiff monkey... b**tch wake up...
A3 Consistency helps you stand out in a talent community
I love your new job!
Killing me, woman...
#SHOUTOUTTO my boy right out of the MD.
Awww...we can't see the picture because the account is protected. I'm sure you rocked your presentation.
load kayak on carrier by yourself in less than 3 min - thule kayak rack
mine too! They banned smoking at the Sun Times six months after I started stringing there, causing a revolt.
Come in from the cold and see DJ Basecamp tonight
Rach and I are stopping in wine country on the way, so expect me to be STOCKED.
Tough year, man. Tough year.
Prof worries that #Lamborn's HR 4233 "might stifle private sector growth." This is the time for a new agency? #conservative?
Are you headed to #e3 this year? What's your favorite thing about the event?
this Friday at bottom of the hill! Gonna be brutal ;)
MT": Visit local radio station : #WeActOpenHouse during
Did not know heaven came jn the form of prochetta paninos! Any other "Heaven" spots in NYC you want us to shout out?
BABY YOU LIGHT UP MY WORLD LIKE NOBODY ELSE THE WAY THAT YOU FLIP YOUR HAIR GETS ME OVERWHELMED.
Soo, what'd you get to eat and how was it?
makes me feel like a genius.
Good job guys! Google is a good get. wow, that was a lot of words with "g".
Care to hear more? Check out my blog at www.improvedgentle-man
Man, #raptors just screwed up big-time
yet you gain no weight. You have the metabolism of a teenager, Jeff!!
LOL Yes but it's only under a month away. It'll be worth the wait, amiga haha you know it will. Eh RAW could be better xD
Happy Valentine's Day to all!
Forealz man! It is what it is!
Salon Prodigys sexy saturday specail free haircut with the purchase of a color or foils
Two people on bus talking about an old Eminem MTV vma performance.
Love you
good to hear. How's your son?
On to the next one
Son's preschool class is doing a "mommy makeover" day, offering hairbrushing & crowns, handwashing & lotion, fruit water, portraits. Cute!
ew ew ew I bet she didn't buy anything because you guys don't sell size -6.
haha I feel like a noobie to this LOL I think it's hilarious LOL
Knocking out :/
well we r sittin outside his house now lol. Can u cum ovr we scared to knock on the door
Aint nothing going right
Can I date Ms. Piggy?
depends on the recipe but I can certainly figure it out!
I've been thinking of using #nodejs. Are you using a framework with it?
That doesn't mean that they have the right to tell me shut up I don't let no one disrespects me. it's that simple.
Don't fuck with my emotions.
We HIGHLY recommend ""How to Sell Your Book - And Yourself" with to all
Just wanted to interrupt your timeline to let you know about the death of the Chicago Bears' playoff hopes.
back at the Ind. Statehouse today after three days down in Southern Indiana ... the destruction there still shocks me ...
Seeing all this cool iP stuff was neat but still think you still need a laptop
No TT_TT alas... but omg cant WAIT for snow white and the huntsman!!
thanks for the follow back RR<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+26F5>
your list of blocked twits is as impressive as your tweets themselves.
thanks! That's the idea!
Important life lesson: "for your age" shouldn't ever be said to any woman.
The of end of any social movement's political power comes when it is commodified and resold as a for-profit marketing device, then co-opted.
“: "I am so ratchet" #HMC” stop this is too funny
Thanks to everyone who came out and played in the rain with us yesterday in Sodus. Great event with Great people!
Tracking drums and guitars today for the new song, get stoked.
Everyone can be great, because everyone can serve. ~Martin Luther King, Jr.
Thanks for the follow. You were always my favorite Ingall!
hahah #seriously.maybe we'll catch up at the next / / / / concert lol
my love, when will you be back in wisconsin?
If u ain't got #Doe 2 Drop on ma #Smoke u can't Smoke Mines
Awe i'm sorry :(
Do you guys sell Orgain in the Potomac Mills, Virginia store? price per case?
Morning Report: Local papers - Radio New Zealand
so whats it called when you get beat by say 20 pts..??
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A0>RT : Charleston bound!! Cannot wait to celebrate !!
Where is Woods Hole? I'm in Cape Cod for the Summit.
Disney should make a hairless princess, so little girls with cancer can feel beautiful, as well.
Banging on the drums of disenchantment...
Still up writting ..breeze feels good outside!
Artists don't have traditional training; artists are formed by experience & community.
My stock response to any sentence that contains 'you Americans' will now include the royal 'we', as in 'we Americans'.
nigga def blacked out last night,,but oh well
New York Giants 14 Washington Redskins 21 14:52 in 4th #giants #redskins #nfl (Via )
I figured that if I can get the blood flowing to my brain, it will make it easier to get the blood flowing in the book. :)
nice job for sending the poster to !
Cheerwine is delicious! Thank you for introducing it to me
wish you were on town...):
What does that mean? 0_0
Goodnight all, I must away. Will try to tweet some tomorrow but I'll be working, not sure for how long.
I'm not a fan of the delay my Twitter (google chrome button). The new update is cool but its slow.
Philip Dormer Stanhope Chesterfield~ The pleasure is momentary the position rediculous and the expense damnable.
Off to coco pazzo to vote for Ms. Rockman.
All of your hard work is paying off my friend!
At Starbucks?
In many parts of the world springtime is underway. We invite u 2 connect with the #Jewish Homeland:"Planting Israel At Home!"
My cousin too funny. I can chill with her all day. She'll keep us rolling.
sorry to hear that! Proceedings will be published, you'll have to catch those!
Priest: kinda horrible, but I liked it anyway.
“: ": Pissed I can't get "December" ringtone on iTunes grrrrrrr"(--- I love that song..”me to
wow! A family full of little pretty girls!! I believe some dads will have their hands full in the future ;)
In Minneapolois about to take off for Seattle. Stoked!
haha!!! I think they used all of the ones we mixed!
Lmao nigga just scared cause of that last ass whoopin i gave him...FUCK WIT ME!
smart ass.
off to school ;)
and a song on their mixtape and a interview on their DVD.
social media is very real.
totally! Doesn't make sense for most districts. I'd buy "moral concerns" early on but not after 75 years of dehumanization.
your avi is better thou :)
G Happy Birthday and enjoy it to Da Max #PartyHard :D
Come eat your puccias they nice'n'hot!
Think Like a Man is a good movie...
I've got so much great new/old music to share with you tonight. Please join me at Berry Park (N. 14th & Berry st.) 9pm-3am No Cover.
it was 11:00 pm, but now it is 8:36. I want to see you again too!
you'll get more $$ here in NYC :) not that I would know about such things
Shipley's for breakfast!
Wondering if planting all the seeds that collect at the bottom of everything bagel bags will yield some kind of delicious plant.
You will know your vocation by the joy that it brings you.You will know.You will know when it's right.-Dorothy Day
Back From Orlando:) HAPPY TO BE BACK
You'll never plow a field by turning it over in your mind
one bottle of wine and two Dixie cups, 3am i fell in love, oh that's something that just don't happen twice
I think the book that came with the game (my version at least) was as valuable as the game - Earl Weaver on strategy, maybe?
#WorstRapLineEver? How About #BestRapLineEver Come Out For Tonight At Set Is At 11PM Sharp! #HockstarPresents RT
I don't like how it's always "3000 years." Nothing special was happening in 1000 BC.
Loser RT : I'm going to bedd
Thanks to for donating much-needed toiletries, clothing and food for our guests!
The saga of the Darcy family continues in the new novel Second Impressions. Learn more at Books on Broad on Jan. 25 from 5:30 to7:30 pm.
Everyone could think amazing ideas!!! Only a few can prove them! SHOUT OUT to Albert Einstein.
A glass just sitting on my kitchen counter randomly cracked on it's own. So weird...
Thanks for the RT! :)
Fantastic news! Congrats, Jo!
awkkk. i found out 5 minutes ago cause someone tweeted to her & i creeped. hahahhah! how did everyone find out?
Very strong. I appreciate your steadfast support of equal protection under the law.
Still looking 4 volunteers 4 savethelibrary table at Mayday March.
Just put Splitter back in
#FOX59 news is underway: the latest on a woman shot riding a bike, an east side house fire & Andrew Luck talks about touching down in Indy!
Global Fellows presenting final school design plans at today. Good luck Gaurav, Ross and Bonisile!
how have you been? besides being sick
thanks for following fabulous fashion designers! Did you decide if you are going off to the middle east? Good luck!
I just earned the Crosstown Magic badge on #Yelp!
Happy birthday from Haiti to my brother !!!
Looking forward to chatting with
Good stuff. Your life is soaking up good stuff! You'll always have it to reach back to when things get rocky years down the road.
NM Supreme Court justices affirm district court judge's decision to boot Gary Smith off CD-1 Republican primary ballot.
what's a redneck? That's nice
Breakin' All the Rules in my Pants
Did it work? RT : From "Sending a head containment field generator through the recursion portal"
Some wild possible changes happening in my life, not really wild just some new avenues of work very excited. My wild stuff is OK as is.
Happy Holidays
10% off all purchases from www.enrichprofessional.com. Use ordering code EPPPROMO201109 until Sept 30!
Gonna try to sleep. Z Goodnight!!! (-:
having 20% of battery but making sure I can tweet you within 2minutes! #NOTICE.ME.AUSTIN please! #TrueMahomie <3
right and plus Tim tebow is already good thier
“: My nigga Was good !!”nah chillen dime when we all havin sessions??
Great event: MT @ it was an honor to have such a pro capture the Skater's Ball. wonderful images, thank you!
I love that cute thing you do were you don't text me back for hours. Adorable.
I love Vampire Diaries...Only I get tired of five minutes of show and five minutes of commercial.
On FoxNews.com. The Morning Click. 9:30 am this morning
We know the way to #PDX's heart is through it's stomach. #Portland, will you be #Feastpdx's Valentine?
I have a feeling ima get a reply from vinny in the mail sometime this week.
Sometimes, I really miss Joe Garagiola.
i just seen that on worldstar. that shit was funny lol
Coincidentally, Hangmen Also Die is Brecht's only Hollywood film. He wrote a 280-page script that was chopped down by John Wexley.
Working on a few collaborations coming a long really good!
As of tomorrow my 14-mile commute disintegrates to 14 feet. I'll try and remember pants when video conferencing.
Even though it's all about the money, it's not all about the money.
RT : Smh got a ninja up at 2:30 like I ain't got school in the morning
Peter's concern as if there was something else wrong. Love my Polivia.
Ha! What'd he say??
me and will miss you at the art show :(
#LobsterRumble love for
heyy you how are you?
What 8-letter word has one letter in it? Envelope.
Do any of my tweeps river kayak?
Wall St. scumbags are covert with their dirty deeds. Demonstrators are being way too obvious.
Y do i have to be stuck in the house right now, the only thing i hate about leavind in md.
17 year old survives jump off of golden gate bridge
20 points and 6 dimes is, though.
What do Americans call high school? Grade school? Freshman year?
Right now, we are talkin to you, while we're on our way, to the MUTHA-FUZUCKIN-MOON!!!
Get ready to cry
Happy Hour is happening right now! Sick of all the xmas ham and potatoes but not the alch? Come nosh on our sushi and sip on our martinis !
thanks man i think your doing just as well man!
No one will ever understand what you feel up to going through the same situation. (Demi Lovato)
nice! what did you get?
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> 17
What? When have I been violent???? “: Probably will pinch and punch me - she's violent!”
if you can't name a single fighter on #ufctrainer, please don't buy it.
I'm trying to figure out when to start my energy drink supply and I can't decide if I should even sleep tonight.
Ugh my phone is so slow
Rookies, veteran athletes, agents, coaches & PR pros - request your copy of The PR Playbook!
Sorry for all those who loved Amy Winehouse. A soulful voice is silenced forever
or maybe even Holiday - Madonna. :)
Thank you for the #FF!
amen to that
#BieberOnTeenWolf please, tell me this is happening.
Blessings to you Tim! I just want to send my support to you and know that God's favor is always shining on you! "Your A Light!"
Wondering if my Verizon bill will go down now that they aren't corporate sponsors for Deer Creek Music Center anymore. Yeah, I know.
is watching The One come in. Rick Warren's speech sucks, but at least he didn't ask God to Damn America...
neater, cleaner, faster
Enjoy! RT We will be on Spring Break through April 23. See you on the flip side. Cheerio!
check your dms mom!!(;
what u doin up
I'm not mad I'm not sad I'm just pissed that you lied and believe bullshit. How you gon be real if you can't see that fake tho?
How come police horses can shit all over NYC and the cops don't have to clean it up? That's no fair!
no more i kant do it bye
Starting to think Paul might be the only candidate who can beat Obama. That's weird, right? Sounds weird. Feels weird. Is weird.
Jay jay just took my lolipop
Lol Not me Im Learning
Because members of the Boards, Commissions, and Advisory Groups are over paid? :-)
yeah . :/ Ugh tomorrow is gonna suck.
Nikki Manaj is the hand, music is the cookie jar, her fifth wheel is on back.
Bailing out the basement during a flood is great roommate bonding
Open mic today @ 3 p.m. Bring your words, heart, mind, music.
this bitch talking bout i hit my following limit ugh wtf
So is tweeting about blogs about bloggers
Thank you!! RT Thanks for your post ! We hope the west coast men are listening!
Love this song! But it will get stuck in my head like no other.
It is hard to believe that 2009 is almost in the history books. Lots to do to wrap up this year and get ready for the next decade in 2010!
Hello! Hope you're well. :)
Oregon State not doing much better down the road in Palo Alto, down 16 to Cardinal.
MT .: Syndicated TV Ratings: 'Big Bang Theory' Tops 'Judge Judy;' 'Dr. Phil Still ..- TVbytheNumbers // but is not funnier than
Live 100% of your time according to what you want - you will than see how you ARE the deliberate creator of your reality
NO! Doing a newborn photoshoot!
have you decided what your going to wear tomorrow??
as long as we all agree I said it first! Great lecture loved the trip around NYC's neon! Go forth and document
Sitting in anticipation and expectation of the great things God has in store for me.
Sex offenders should burn, I'm just saying.
Trainer told me the average woman can do 26 in a row. You're killing it :)
those napkin doodles are pretty awesome to put onto your portfolio! :) FYI.
RT : Juniors mom says she doesn't understand. She's shocked. An appreciates everyone coming to the home to show love to her...
Nom Nom Nom. Sandwiches and Naps on this cold afternoon.
lets! I'm in the SF office, but happy to schedule a Skype or put you in touch with the crew in London.
Tears are made up of almost the exact same ingredients as urine.
ah nevermind. I was thinking roadster. This is a sedan. Which is darn promising isn't it.
Lots of hair-splitting going on today.
Happy Birthday to my Lovely Mom! I love you Mommy<3 :*
Teaching my french teacher YOLO
oh thts cool :)
okay i've waited and finally #tosh.0 is back on!! better not suck!!
Didn't dodge the bullet. Assigned & awaiting interviews. Feel like Jimmy Cliff...sitting here in limbo...
Keke I love true jackson ;) good job and I love you please retweet if you read this please ! :)
Yeah, so Squeaky Fromme totally threw up at my reading. So. That was a thing.
just mystery skyped w/ a former student who is studying education - he did a pres on using skype in the classroom!
Have you ever investigated paranormal activity onboard a ship? If so, which ship?
Never lose sight on things u want and need
: Guess you had to be there. "Peated Scotch ale, aged in whiskey barrels", does that sound better?
oh man, mega tweak.
I love the location of my new job. It's so convenient.
RT : busy busy worker bee, yep that's me.
Roses are red, violets are blue. I've got five fingers on each hand, the middle ones are for you
Girl u make my speakers go boom boom dancin on my tailgate in the full moon
scored at the Gordon Ave Library sale today
Police say they've made arrest in death of body found in Iron pool. No name yet.
#FREE T-Shirts for the 1st 100 peeps at ! Join for more fun now! Text FREE to 35350 for prizes from Mo's & Promo MKE!
Holding breath.....*passes out*
Horford said he should've missed the second free throw too. He didn't know Hawks were out of timeouts.
ouch!!! Feel better
Dinner tonight: slow roast pork loin in mustard rub with fresh mixed veggies and mushrooms cooked in beef broth. :)
Only 4 1/2 hours until Bubble Bath tonight!
Don't let March Madness Keep you home! We'll watch Syracuse on our computer via ESPN3 during Chip, Dips, 'n Sips tonight 6-8PM.
what up bro ,, my fault about tonight I had some family problems
not sure I was bragging either
Democracy is four wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch.-Ambrose Bierce
we would like to deliver it to you in person May 12th. See you then!!
Hahaha Rob Dyrdek is a riot
Set me free, leave me be. I dont wanna fall another moment into your gravity.
is there anything beyond body/face & basic ability to pose that you look for?
RT : "we are ghetto but we aren't that ghetto"
Congratulations! Very great news!
A very happy birthday to Justin Bieber.. Next year he'll be opening for us <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Really wish I didn't have 102 fever. :(
cause you dont say you love me to your friends when they ask you even though we both know that you do.
How is everything up north?
It's possible to lead a cow upstairs...but not downstairs.
love u right back. Come it to the NYC Lenox Lounge live 10/28 &29th 8&10pm shows an hear it luv ya back.
yum! (I generally don't eat burgers but when I have a craving that's where I usually go) their Tom Yum is also super yummy!
So many people dig 80s music. Am I the only one who prefers the 90s? I wasn't old enough to appreciate the 80s.
i need your contact info asap
How far do you see the Brewers going this season?
Happy anniversary Peace Love and No Nuts LLC. I want to thank my fans farmers friends and family for making the past year a success. Gabi
can you follow me ? I want to talk to you in private !? I am waiting for follow me
TDIH 1937 - News reports reveal that Quaker Oats pays Babe Ruth $25k per year, or the 2012 consumer price equivalent of $395k/year
at the park..just took sum really cute pics of the kids
The holidays are fast approaching! Wow, where does the time go? Wishing everyone a happy Wednesday!
your welcome(: you should text me. i see you at school, but to shy to say hi /:
Do you think Steve Jobs left Apple with some great ideas of his so the company can continue creating the best new thing though he is gone?
“: Coach K just slipped Tyshawn Taylor a $500 bill.” lmfao
All you listeners should follow
I love how blunt you are! Lol
The Locals
really? sue gringa tan intelligent ha?
Yes! Lisa I did! Going to talk to Dino about it Monday at our meeting
Getting w !
#FIXCONGRESS Everytime congress wants drug test someone 2 obtain benefits - call'em up & ask when THEY will take test! Lot more will fail!
thank you 4 #GoGetIt you're impacting a better me with it I live you Mary's
really needs a gym membership but I don't think any gym will ever compare to the 24 Hour Fitness on Dodge in Omaha.
turn on the game and Tyson Chandler just nasty dunk, upset tonight?
What<U+0092>s the most powerful computer? It<U+0092>s a 3 pound personal computer sitting on top of your shoulders: your brain.
lmfao we are same *his hair tho
spill the beans! spill the beans!
that's what I thought ! Where's dessert !
Darn, so much for that. RT : C'mon! Let's hear it for an All- #SuperBowl!!
how do you think Iwakuma did overall in this particular outing?
having to use both my computer and my phone to listen to a webinar is completely f-ing ridiculous
Colby Cheese It's are not good......
Pebbles and Marbles
Since you like anti-jokes so much, why couldn't the t-rex clap?
You are AMAZING in #AStreetCarNamedDesire -- forget what the #critics have to say!
Think princess found a biffieeeee
Be my guest at our next meeting for We do a ton of service work for Chandler non-profits benefiting children!
We'd love to try this! And maybe try it with our toxin-free, GMO-free natural spirit
i know me 2. haha coo
Its time everyone~ ABDC
how do you find these things
#NSMN panel: digital and social media best equipped to fill programming void. Send Tola Murphy Baran more Farmville bales of hay
There is about a 90% chance I would fail that test today.
hey can we work on a good article? did u see the 1 about my new management?!!!
Cody Is Our Gentleman
you made it?! I thought the meet was cancelled?!
my daughter is practicing her Irish dancing to 'axel f'. so proud.
RT: We agree 100% ! "Passion rebuilds the world for the youth. It makes all things alive and significant." -Ralph Waldo Emerson
missing the #MuseumsNAt tweetup, catch you all next time!
well I don't know what I'm doing for my hair I wanna cut it shorter shut IDK we will see :)
They mostly come at night. Mostly.
Well I'm sorry if my apology hurt you, but mistakes were made. ;)
fine then :p
Bad associates make it hard for good ones. Lady was talking to her coworker the entire time she was ringing me up. Didn't even greet me.
God Bless....
This a #wine tasting not to miss!!! #Crazygood #Pinot RT : ... tasting tonight (6-7:30) at the bin!!
i just want to see liam....i know he will make me happy...
haha, your already know!!
In sales, like life, connecting & relationship outweighs hunting & farming. Success comes with a long term approach & vision. SeanLetwat
FriendsofTheFoundation, give to philanthropy and meet Jeff Moorad at our next event. for details.
Sounds like a euphemism for mass firings. I had to check to make sure Ozzie was still in harness.
oh snap
$AOGN an independent oil and gas production company, today announced that the Company's shares are once again listed on the OTC BB!
I Bet If I Lick That Spot Then You Wont Act LIke That.
Just learned that is coming back to Minneapolis on Sept 16 at the Varsity!!! Been less than a year, but it's felt like a long wait...
*ALERT* Parking meters will now run from 8am to 6pm Mon through Wed, 8am to midnight Thu and Fri, and 11am to midnight on Sat....
Come on Niners! Let's win this!
I guess it's Turn Back the Clock Night on MLB.tv My stream quality reminds me of 1997.
Wow! That is a lot of miles. Where are you as we tweet?
that's the best anyone has offered yet. Thanks. Please sign me up for that.
Drinking beer by myself.
Thanks. Me too. I hope U are loved as much as I am becuz my mom loves me a lot! Even when I'm bad! Purrs.
The best part of waking up is coffee in my cup! <U+266B> <U+266B> <U+266B>
Foiled again! I mean... I'm sure they'll be disappointed.
If there wasnt #mothersday we would have no feb babies.
. says ed commission has an open ended agenda
Haha yeah And what time did I say I would be up it's 4:42 hahaha boy I'm good :) well woke up with a HUGE PRESENT !!!!!
man, I went out every night. I had a party card for the whole week. Different party every night. It was nice.
Saying hello to all of our friends! was thrilled to present today.
thank YOU! that's great. happy to help. what are you working on?
Thx for the shout out on the cell phone drive , donations are trickling in :D
Hm decisions decisions.
Any thoughts on the soundtrack? I must've heard it at least four times by now.
Standing ovation!
Do you remember back in 2012 when we didn't connect with each other to share ideas, learn and collaborate globally?
Lets go #hoosiernation! I want to toke with Christian Watford, I feel like he'd say something wise
The questions were either super obvious or impossible. Lovely
Mark your calendars for June 22nd - #BRAVE premieres and will be a huge hit.
If its supposed to rain tomorrow, does that mean I should wash my car?
Cheerio London! Ciao Milano!
So if you win a Pulitzer, then donate the money to scholarships, what's left for you to do this month? Save a baby from a burning building?
ronron from the bridge is back at it again. Nice elbow
- I told you I am not going to disclose that information yet. Just know a high ranking official will be there.
He broke up with me cause he thought I was married to a boy really
dreaming of direct flight! But thanks for re-sending link. User error was definitely involved.
I gotta get on my A game...don't matter how it happens
If I passed this taxonomy & plant test I'ma go crazy . That's ish was HARD !!!
God is great!
RT As usual, rolling in late to the 7pm bounty tourny.
Just saw the movie "Buried" at the Milwaukee Film Fest. WOW.
Oddly enough, I'll shop at Vons during strike. Assuming Vons caves as usual (raising prices), I'll then be shopping elsewhere.
woow which airline?
Glad you're enjoying our new show "Genuine Ken!" Do either of you have a favorite Kentestant?
see you do know me
Done! MT Follow for info abt how we support scholars using tech for research, teaching, learning.
Plus white women have benefitted HUGELY from Affirm. Action, prob. more than ppl of color of both sexes.
#Fitness #Exercise #Motivation of the Day. I'm going to run a 5k! What gets your butt off the couch?
the field trip should be amazing though. Busch Gardens with my bestest friends. <3
Jason McCann doesn't need bombs to kill people. His hotness is enough.
Some people are just crazy! Calm down. Geez.
OMG, OMG, OMG, OMG, OMG, OMG, OMG... the semester is almost over and I have way too much that needs to be done.
If your not following me on Twitter then plz do so...Don't wait til i become famous and then follow me. Be a part of my RISE to FAME!
he's not a real celebrity,Sanjay, LOL.
With respect to my talented & savvy go-to Twitter sports analysts, the NFL draft play-by-play is starting to hurt my head.
I cant til school is over so i can fucking fool!!!
Cool! I'm in no hurry, we'll have a good time regardless.
These 15 min breaks are too short. Back to the grind. *sighs*
Thank you! I'll keep it and promise not to post a pic once it all starts chipping off...
Where does Pop rank all time? (Taylor)
Shit I didn't mean that. I love the French!! I just wish critics would bring a bit more dispassionate professionalism to their rep releases?
I also was charged red cabbage price for radicchio. Live in MI presently. ha
the Gallery is Open! Stop by and check out our new Art, Jewelry & Clothing by local Oklahoma Artists! Studio 164 in the Paseo Arts District
Its frickin beautiful outside right now!!!!! You can see the snow melting
26 days till HvZ!! Holy crap!
Vocus is sharing the benefits and ROI of Social Media Marketing...a free report. Check it out, extremely informative.
of course I do!!!! The fuck.
The interview this morning on was brilliant! "I liked Al better when he was fat..." #HowToBeatGMA lol
Home in bed watching tv.. Trying to go to sleep.. Text it.. Ill respond if I'm still awake!!
thats a good day for running then. Hope it was fun more than anything!
Ran into exhim... me or catch me on the elevator
hey wen i upload my video can u help tweet about it and get it alotta views for me?(: playing at teen hoot is my dream
#FF Orangebloods staff for all things
Tebow completes first pass of the game....catching everyone by surprise..
your hate is what gave me strength
Well, thanks, & you? I'll be tuning in tomorrow for some Trouble! : )
Kevypoo I miss you too! See you soon? OKILoveYouBuhBye!!!!
Almost time for my "lunch" break.
#fuckthat raise serpent
#powersIwishIhad RT: "I just laughed so hard I scared my neighbor's cat." I stick to scaring my own cat.
Our Parent New Resources Consulting is seeking a .NET Dev for a short-term contract to start within the next week. DM for details.
or Posh Spice
I need a connect...someone help me out
what did she say ?
Totally agree. I'm always trying to give feedback instead of grade right away. So much better for actual learning.
Wow... Robert Plant paying respects to Jimmy Cliff They are hanging at Hotel Cecelia!!! Big
Mute in #gmail is such a great function. Helps me remain blissfully unaware of developments that have nothing to do with me.
mess ages
Yasso runs 5x800's yesterday at 6:20 pace. Felt good. Windy outside though.
LIVE, LAUGH. LOVE...repeat as needed
I wish it was breaking news that you were traded to Green Bay.
You can not buy buy-in. You can only invest in it- by vesting, giving right of ownership, to participants.AKA "money can't buy me love"
and btw...you tweet more than most girls
I understand your pain. I am on Maxalt-mlt for that very thing.
What does an envelope say when you lick it?Nothing. It just shuts up.
rad! I'll be arriving in SF at noon on Thursday. When will you be in town?
Thunder with only 6 fast break pts at half. Gotta create some more opportunities to run.
C.Perez comes into the game in the 11th inning against the Jays- Game tied 3-3
He broke her heart. She broke his X-Box. We all know who cried harder.
The Little Miss Beautiful Hue America national pageant is June 23, 2012...
Thx for following me back <3 reading your inspirational and insightful tweets. Light in darkness!
There's $$$ to be Made#AllDayEveryDay!!!
We have also built new branded products using our API (D&B360) - D&BDirect
Dreamed that I wrote a tweet in English, but it ended up in Dutch. And I don't speak Dutch. Huh?
Beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder.
Well, I'm not studying anything. EXCEPT YOUR PROFILE.
Maybe if im pretty u will like me....
cheer up Palmer you'll soon be dead...I'll show u mine if u show me urs
Thank you, it is not a good feeling. I am just chilling today.
Running out of options. Hmph. :/....*bites nail*
oh my god.how dare you attend church?guess it feels good to know people care what you did on Sun. mornings over 10yrs ago.
Haha. Beckham looks like he still has a good foot...
#yourenotmytype If you use the word "bling"
Finally read Going Bovine...amazing...
Combat troops left Iraq today.
#Columbus is crazy right now! Stay safe!
Bulls #WIN !
Beginners class tonight in Kendall 12975 SW 112 Street at Dance Works of Miami. 7:30 p.m. hope to see everyone tonight!
Thanks man! Glad you dig it
I'm up , Who's in for After-party after-party ???!!!!
In my dream last night, I was in Pyongyang in the big auditorium with a bunch of 20-somethings with Kim Jong-il. He made me "re-pray" 20x.
thanks! Actually, I think every icon was made by a different person. I don't have a go to icon designer, but always on the lookout.
sorry to inturrupt but uh, mando is super attractive :')
Not a bad idea...hm..I'll use that! Thanks :)
RT Jersey sponsorship often misguided effort by brand to drive impressions. Successful sponsorship needs to go deeper than that
I'm gonna miss million dollar listing ny !
below will give you the news
you better love them lmao
I'll make sure that I mention it in the post-show meeting. Thanks for the suggestion :)
11% of adults around the world have never had sex.
Correction: today is the 37th anniversary of the fall of Saigon on April 30, 1975. Apparently I can't subtract this early in the morning!
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Brendon just randomly follows people i think lol, i mean one day i came home and it was like
Thank You for coming out tonight!!! Let us know what you thought of our NEW upstairs! If the rain kept you in, see it tonight!
Well that's it. Thanks guys. We're out.
Charles is out on on leg 9, Troy starting leg 10, then me.
WARNING! This kid MIGHT be too cute for you. When I was 3, I would sing 'Take Me Out to the Ballgame' Things have change....
do you make hip hop beat
Lady Gaga sings "Born This Way" while coming out of an egg.
in Orange, Texas now ..
I want to have things too! :/
Dear Mitt Romney ~ While you're at it, why not blame President Obama for the moon controlling the tide.
Demi: "Goodnight! Keep it tight.." lmao
Hope to see everyone at Ogden Theatre for the Elephant Revival show tonight at 9 p.m.!
wth lol ": Twitter & Facebook addiction causes the same changes in the brain that are seen in cocaine addicts!"
Anybody feel like throwing a kegger at sybaris?
Every little thing reminds me of you no matter what i say no matter what i do.<3
Wow - Chris Wallace backed off that charity giving question to pretty quick.
Great to meet you this weekend! Have a good trip back! We'll be sure to send your "message" to :)
Thanks to PC followers! You make the world go round!
drakes written about 20 songs and suddenly hes more popular than MLK. e, i wouldnt be surprised if michael jackson came back from the dead
AbBA Happy New year!
locked up yet again..
Planted sun lovin' herbs and 2 pretty pots of sun lovin' annuals. The new bed is going to be shady.Long day.We hurt.
you just made cry.
Whose gonna take the Dunk contest???
Yes, I like tv.
Happy Hump day, my gf favorite day. Too bad she's not lying next to me to get humped on.
who wins AFC West this coming season?
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I HATE YOU MOM "
Wassup? Just trying to help people with their grind!
Joe Johnson is like breakfast at the airport..."Not bad, wait I paid how much?" No filler, no crunch, all empty calories.
What are you sad about? :(
Can ya please stop running pick and rolls with Joel.
I'd love one thank you! And grats!!!
wow! i'd keep playing if i were her, she's on a roll!
what?! Oh my gosh, so excited for you two!
Ha! You get what you pay for seems to be the only truly acceptable option!
"ML for the working programmer" is turning out to be a surprisingly excellent book, I was expecting good, but got more
person of interest
Bitches and theyre bullshit is the reason im mob for life
We should be done editing in about a week, and then it's off to sound design. Fun, but a lot of work.
Round of applause to the 13 million people who stood up - #PIPA and #SOPA are tabled 4 now.
I think it's time for A Tribe Called Quest binge
Bad news: SLR went kaput in NYC. Good news: there is a chocolate festival 2 blocks from our hotel in Rome. You win some, you lose some.
...good point....Since he's not technically employed by CBS, he may not face any discipline...stay tuned...
Playing east tomorrow bout to be awesome
don't give up
8 days until the are back in Milwaukee!
I just heard thunder! What a rare treat for the Bay Area! (Earlier, hail. But that was just weird and alarming).
#geekend #fa111 via super interesting discussions around privacy on the web. Thanks for getting the conversation going.
I should be in the dry cleaning business. $120 to clean a simple wedding dress?!?
Since 2002, 993 black journalists have been lost. In a word unacceptable.
I'm glad they got her muzzle trimmed down. She was getting a bit full-faced, rather than puppy-cut.
FINISHED with my reading
thank you :))
Congrats Demi Lovato and Britney Spears for OFFICIALLY becoming X Factor judges!
we shall see
I'm so glad its Friday (:
I'm downtown LA right now about to go to job training for my new job! Damn I haven't woke up this early in a while :P
i plus, i then sat through the most pathetic attempt I have seen in ages of a vendor trying to make money.
we win in the end though. It usually pays off... unless it wasn't meant to be :-(
#spc2012 Now Glynn Edwards on Stanford's Digital Archives Program. More great info. Productive Saturday morning! :)
yea, thought about one, but for a little more $ I can get a #ZaggSparq that will charge more than just my iPhone
Filming "Friends with kids" today in Brooklyn. Cast includes, Jon Hamm, Ed Burns and Megan Fox.
kurt warner is #1. Couldn't agree more honestly
madonnas feet was screaming in those boots!
When do you actually hit the road?
This weather matches my mood perfectly.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 17
happy halloween!
That hip thrust tho. shit it was so coordinated.
If a male has sex with another male, then they're not allowed to donate blood 'cause they think that gives them a higher risk of having HIV.
What is happening with all the packers getting injured?
Said it from the start, Clippers/Blake are gonna be an awful playoff team
We screwed up! We had a bug in a server update. Resulting in a key error and a broken page link. It will be fixed within the hour! SO SORRY!
Thanks for the kind words! -Ben
Glee's so good tonight!!!
blessing my brother, i just want to say you're awsome! thanks for all that you do.
"I never wear shoes because they make me fall down"
thanks for coming to the session. Great to speed network and meet at #WOMMA. Hope our paths cross again soon!
#evernoticed how slick people think they can be ...... Everything comes to light someway
Thanks for the words and your support!
#HardestThingToDo to not procrastinate
bitch I own swag
YES IT IS!!
haha , well check all the messages i sent to the poor kid and this one counts too! FOLLOW HERE <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
'Don't you know these things are cheaper if you let someone else do it?'
Come on now #Preds!
Plz follow me!! Ur amazing and u and selena are perfect for each other! cant wait for ur album #BELIEVE.. #MUCHLOVE <3 U
Need Heavyweight Paper for your business? Visit www.limitedpapers.com 4 all printable paper, custom stock sheets, custom paper size n more!
hahah nah I don't know. I think Thursday maybe
Name the date and we're there.
Up at the crack of dawn and heading on to Albuquerque this morning.
patients is a talent
Agreed. Nice job Matt.
No one ever said she was sane. I mean, dude, she collects cats like buffalo nickels.
"This is the best kind of voyeurism, hearing joy from your neighbors." *Chuck Sigars, The World According to Chuck weblog, October 14, 2003
That swollen feeling from crying a lot, it's starting to become natural again just like before. *sigh* I just want everything be good.
PowWow 2012 Tasking well underway! Cant wait to see everyone in Milwaukee!
RT : RT : S/O to , she'll be playing in the game June 2!, All of you StarLynn supporters, be there!
Baby you light up my world like nobody else the way that you flip your hair makes me overwhelm <3
For cos. to only set up or pay attention to SM channels ignores customers who aren't on it
can't wait for the brewskies. Congrats on graduation! #biggirl let's celebrate!
erin-hey.. do you wanna hear a joke? me- sure. erin- johnny went to buy icecream. then he died. me- well..alright hah.
none of you handled it correctly. you all blew it out of proportion. so take your little group and enjoy your concert.
Had two winners from yesterdays contest...stay tuned for your chance to win!
Just talking to people,you?
No problem! follow back? ;-] & please find us on facebook! & check out our latest jam "Carnival" recorded with
This Old Man Told Me He Like My Boots :-) !.
He looks hot, but does he make your heart stop when you're gettin' busy in his piece of shit car?
No, I still don't know where I went wrong.
Wrapping up an awesome day at with on the Main stage. Thanks to everyone who came out today.
Oh, ugh. Two new sets of LED net lights, both half-nonfunctional. Feeling a wee bit grinchly, I am. Luckily, I adore all the Grinch songs!
Congrats to on an awesome 1st weekend out with his E-Trac! 11 civil war bullets, $1.32 change & his first silver ring!
but, but...they're EMPTY....and sealed, so I know you didn't drink them (or you wouldn't have been able to reseal them so well).
Hoping that can save me from hair boredom tomorrow. Trick is, I'm a recovering tomboy, and not apt to do much styling...
What is your plan to fight back against the creditors?
Happy Mothers Dayy to ALL the GOOD Moms.... including mines! Love you mama :-)
#shopping One of my favorite things to do!! :-)
omg same with me...everytime I see cute couples I always look away and whisper ughh
Been slow around here lately, btwn day job, vacation & preparing for my own MFA show next month. Don't fret though, good stuff coming soon.
Great appearance by Lt. Cedric Daniels on always sunny tonight
The healing process is taking one step at a time
I feel like tonight's an awkward mix of "wow there's a lot of history in this park," and "aren't the cubbies as bad as the orioles?
5 hours til it's time for some Bird for dinner!!!
There are three things in life once gone never comeback: Time, Words and Opportunity
She was the best of friends, she was the worst of friends. She was a Dickens friend.
Im not crazy don't judge me ur jellous cuz I can talk to gummy bears and you cant haha in yo face xD
Thank you so much! Have a great night !
S/O to my new found best friend
Did you end up staying those extra 30 minutes? Lmfao!
I'm a beats then lyrics kinda girl. Just asking ur opinion of some songz. And I won't be on here bc I'm getting up at 4am
haha yeah when ever you want!
i know, i suck. i'm trying to get better about releasing things, but i fixate on certain things if they aren't right. :/
My boys are plucky underdogs. FYI changed team name to "Ibaka Therefore I Am."
and they have a TON of "likes"!
Who's left xfactor?
My Morning Jacket & Band of Horses in Chicago. Best news ever.
I am a VERY lucky girl
Hey cuz! Anytime. Do you have my number?
What's your favorite movie featuring a US President?
": Playin land mines with the boys :)" and two girls :)
sounds like a plan. thanks for replying
Glenda ... apt description vehement panting
RT : Congrats Taylor Ratliff, Chris Anderson, Alex Bacon and Austin Barrett. NCBWA Freshman All-American
Barbara Jacoby - Students should participate directly in the governance of courses.
Trying to put together a photo/video resources page for our site. I know you folks can try a bit harder in 2012 to have a decent website!
we've got thunder, lightning, wind & rain...
": You can’t lose what you never had, you can’t keep what’s not yours & you can’t hold on to someone who doesn’t want to stay."
#SEO tip: want multiple bots to crawl your new content -- tweet a link.
So it just means we'll be in New York this fall...
It's hot, right?
No matter how old I get, I'm still going to mentally sing the ABC's to see which letter comes next.
Then take drivers ed during the summer. XD
4$ #pzone pizza hut after class every monday.... I guess u can call it a routine
Better add comedian to your resume.
Beautiful half-volley from #Drogba, but to no avail.
thanks for peeking in on my blog! hope you'll come back soon and write or read along.
I get depressed by all injuries suffered by professional athletes; they're my livelihood;
CodeKit for Mac also uses the #picardfacepalm image in its crash-reporter screen.
Really #LOST? Your finale on a Sunday?
"Avatar" is on TV. How time flies.
Can you follow me ????? (: you always notice my bestfriend. and she really wants to skype with you.. (:
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our family and friends and acquaintances!!! We hope that you have lots to be thankful for this Thanksgiving.
This bitch is going to warped tour 2012
its on youtubee someone put it one
Going to Bed Now i hope everyone had a good day Sweet dreams C; Tweet my Zswaggerz Later
I'm thinking entirely further than Detroit at this point, which is not only good for my career but good for Detroit hip hop too.
Had fun today with , Haley , Dayton , Jacob , & Hunter<U+E106>
Anyone else discovering a newfound love of tennis?
You To Nicky...Love You
The usual reasons: business vs. labor, racism, strong dislike of government or just plain ignorance.
DeLeo says he met with Massport chief this morning to discuss agency's role in ferry service.
#IWishYouKnew How I really feel about you right now!
Then start cheering for better teams...
looking forward to 's revamped Food section :)
Everyone & their brother's complaining about the rainy spring we've had in Seattle (including myself) but remember last year? Pure misery!
"HEY! you know that kid that sells X?!" -
Baseball playoffs make me miss those lovely Frank TV commercials.
Friends, I won't have my phone on me for the weekend starting right meowww. Don't think I'm ignoring you. That is all~
*raises hand* happy to say I am!
dnt stunt like that wasnt ya jam.. stuntin really is a habit huh?
Thank you again for your hospitality! Also, I've read positive reviews for Blue Like Jazz so far. Looking fwd to seeing it.
You like him. You really like him!
yes, especially if it's albums that aren't normally free
My phone makes it impossible to do homework....Gah!
Holy shit it's already Thursday. Summer is coming fast.
RT If you can't wait for Summer. Follow Me!!!
Ewwwwwa.. At the pic someone sent in on starz!
I know he's gonna come out someday and I'm gonna date him
So glad that presentation isn't tomorrow. Gonna sleep forever now.
nice team defense by
The more patient you are the longer youll STAY on top take Your time youll get there on time-YOUNG.S
Pretty please? cc:
Update meeting with the development team of poised to change the face of #lincolnpark for years.
“Better than a thousand useless words is one single word that gives <U+262E> peace.”—The Dhammapada
Sinus infection and huge headache. Ready to go home and start my antibiotic.
Shacknai asks attorney general to review evidence of Rebecca Zahau's suicide; hopes independent review will satisfy skeptics
Friggin big time
Tweet Me #MARRYMEALEX and I'll RT make it trend guys(:
country music > any other type of music
Thanks for the follow, Ginnie. My wife just finished reading 's book #SisterCitizen. She enjoyed it.
call back
: get some meds/:
Do you ever count the money you get from an ATM or do you trust the bank? I never count but probably should.
I hope Wayne's OK. I wish him the best! All of MancUnia is holding it's collective breath for sure!
Good morning!! Cardio Thai box class tonight at 6. Burn the weekend calories away!
Huge headache
Love the sound of the singer of something about that tone. It's amazing. Skylar has an amazing tone.
SOFLO and my ownership of tomorrow.
I do really love you before, but everything change when i know who you are
Um, I've yet to have a hangover...
Interesting that I'm in Vegas and keep running into other nightlife people from LA on a Tuesday.
#ItGetsMeMadWhen I try to show you I care but you just shun me off lol OK
Cool, thanks! MT : getting shout-out from Kathy Feng for support of CA Citizens Redistricting commission at #SCG event
They're remaking Conan? That feels like cheating. I'm not sure how I feel about this, yet.
What was the best part about your weekend?
oh btw I need a sharp senior managerish level assistant controller role who wants straight public! Help!
Oh ya the la quinta is in smyrna tn
Off to sleep, catch you all tomorrow.
People mistake sex for love, money for brains, and Twitter for reality.
Thanks for the update! Already following Oroma!
A bright sunshiny day!!!
So fiesta tonight and rest tommorow.
Amazing! Thank you! But wow, am I sore. I think I caught the marathon bug, already thinking about number two. Any recs?
i'm really upset that your fans are being so rude to tiffany fans. and theyre bribing people to vote for you? guys cool it. thnx
Coaches who can outline plays on a black board are a dime a dozen. The ones who win get inside their player and motivate....Vince Lombard
The Universe of Keith Haring - great documentary and even better footage! If I was in NYC, I would see his show real fast.
Happy birthday I hope all your wishes come true and ur success gets bigger :) <3 can't wait for ur new stuff to come out <3
#ICantStandWhen You listen to he said she said BULLSHIT
Taxes suck
Dense fog
At Ed's waterfront run: Embarcadero edition. Running then beers!
Than you'll just have to watch me drink red.
"Give it to me!" she said, "I'm so fucking wet, give it to me now!" Fuck you, it's my umbrella!
sitting here looking at how lame my theme is on twitter haha i suck
Can't wait for Halloween to come back especially since I'll be at Purchase College next year with a bunch of art kids..
The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources.-- Albert Einstein
aw, thanks, miss you too. So proud of everything you're doing. Send my love to the family's (Sam & savannah & the Moto fam)
Foie terrine on the agenda today
lol I'm not fina play with you
Drop by after Bastille for a late night drink!! $3 powers $3 rumchata shots, and $5 sky cocktails! Petey Paul and Kyle tending bar! Party!
Can we start a music revolution!?!
We love it, and we know that you will, too. Give us a call at 317.251.9182 to schedule your appointment!
Iraq Veterans Against The War will return their medals on May 20 to protest
I did for like 10 min RT : I'm surprised I didn't land in Twitter Jail..
Care package from "The Easter Bunny Farm." Apparently, my mom still thinks I'm 5 years old...fine by me!
lol I'm just spreading the Whitney love
Damn my computer isn't working......
Thx for a GREAT season @
No one should ever talk shit about long distance relationships. If two people really love each other, distance shouldn't keep them apart.
Great got out of school to hear my mom bitch at me.
Why couldn't it have been on this month's cover of Time?!
when r u comeing to WWE
#LTBroadcasts "The contagious flare of revolution that has swept through the Portuguese colonies seems to have ended (5/8/31)
are you attending Bare Bones this weekend? Hope to see you there! I have two films that's playing tomorrow @ 3pm at Muskogee Lib.
Got prac early in the morning, then off to school, gotta do presentation. ARGHHHHHH!.
it's all, "I don't care how talented anyone is, all your songs suck"
well I was interested to see what folks would say. I feel the same way. The vote i cast represents my most authentic voice
Stardust', performed here by Louis Armstrong, is an American popular song composed in 1927 by Hoagy Carmichael... fb.me/LzacTO5q
Girl im feeling a story time coming on
Now following :-)
Are you at the shop today? Have you met Maria yet?
Hi there. I got a message saying I had to reply to stay in so I replied and got a "Sorry, but you were removed..." message
All that we are is the result of what we have thought. The mind is everything. What we think we become. - Buddha
Me too! RT I really want to watch Beauty and the Beast in HD.
Jaja i'ts fun to write your own book.
Just got home after a fun dinner at this surfer bar in Williamsburg! No to bed people <U+263A>
The best time to make friends is before you need them. - Ether Barrymore
RT : Checked in with GOP Sen. DeKruif about Rosen challenge: Not decided, but "anticipating sometime next week making a decision"
My hair is getting on my nerves.
If we win my best friend and I are going to take our granddaughters to Florida. They are so cute. Take a look and vote.
Looking forward to speaking tonight
RT : RT GREAT insights on social media from by Conference Call University
For some reason when I think of and what he's doin tonight the song #birthdaysex plays over in my head... (;
Which #college #football team has the best tailgating fans?
Adios #AERA2012, I need to get back to UT-Austin to work on this dissertation. See yall in SF next year!
I hate my life.'yeah.! Thanks "DAD" for screaming at me @ 11 @ night just because I was promised to b home early n didn't. And gave an
I'm listening to "Make A Movie" by Twista
sorry Raj, just saw this. It was at the Fantasy Bowl tent. Hope you found it.
Such a hot southern Texas day.
Sixers-Celtics with Dick Stockton on the call. Feels like a Sunday afternoon in 1985.
#sschat I'm Kristen, an admin/teacher in Bucks County, PA
Still recovering from amazing fri nite!
JENNIFER MILAN just release a new single with Peas Michel from the fugees. Getting Huge in Europe
I think like an hour away c: ah, where were you before here?
Tomorrow is AHA's Health and Wellness Workgroup meeting. Join us at 11:30 at Lupita's Mexican Restaurant 11809 East Colfax !
justin and kelly
#ThingsPGKidsSay let me borrow a dollar so I can buy some cookies from. Mr. Hettinger.
Night twit fam.
another lil one?
wow...ME...with all caps even.
Garmin(R) Announces Expanded Aviation Charting Capability for Europe - MarketWatch (press release)
Great achievement is usually born of great sacrifice, and is never the result of selfishness. - Napoleon Hill
Fan of ? Follow #inewsource. Data-driven journalism for the common good!
Proudly sporting my tote and just got told it was "tight" is a witness
I'm smilin & dialin today, gotta move them babies!
is reporting it too. :(
Getting ready to listen to stuart weibel at the iedge conference at uw
QOTD "Screw you, I'm buying space lasers." - Bill Maher
Hectic.Monday. audits going on all week. My team good.
Thanks to all the followers ! , ,
hahahahah, it was a joke.
I have not, but will remedy that ASAP!
Whoo! So glad you like it!! :)
Let me know you want to help out on a freebee comedy short tomorrow. Could use Gaffer or AC. Shooting on my #c300. 12-6 Short day :-)
BEFORE YOU DO IT WIT YA LOUD ASS RT“: I WILL ALREADY BE DEAD! DUMB ASZ!”
I made the shit out of this cup of coffee
Damn Can I Live?
Happy birthday x
where at down there
right? "where dreams come true!"
probably cuz u don't have opening acts. #askmadonna RT I worship you. Why won't you open up for one of my shows?
I can't fall asleep it 12 I have school tomorrow that bad!! Ah follow me :)
I promise I'm not a crazy cat lady though o.o I only love *my* cat.
Jen Newberry is performing at Emerald Queen Casino tonight in Tacoma off of EXIT 135 show is @ 9.30pm until 1.30am
It's funny how you're in a rush and you have the time to tweet this! LOL :p
Yeah well i didnt know who the reporter was!
Fonts HD will sell royalty-free text graphics and logos. Will be very affordable and in most cases... FREE shipping!
Wisconsin gained jobs in 2011: Department of Workforce Development Sec. Reggie Newson says Wisconsin added 23,000 jobs in 2011.
Nosebleeds... an unexpected side effect of pregnancy.
thanks for the follow! You girls are extremely talented! :)
Going to see this weekend in Indy!! Can't freaking wait. #chocolate ... best song ever.
blake shelton was amazing!! Hope he sings w miranda when she comes out in a min. It's all about tonight
Attend our Medical Weight Loss event & receive a FREE $20 coupon. Bring a friend & get another $10 coupon! RSVP now @ 412-681-6400
Stop by the store, grab a six pack of Lite, head home and stick 'em in the snowbank. It's Miller Time!
You are the sweetest!! THANKS!
Some dude thinks the world is gonna end-- RT: what happens on Saturday?
....and it looks like that the acting ball is rolling and rolling and filling me up more and more with opportunities and practice....
hope not- have friends who swear by it. also- Google hasn't added ads yet- when $ start rollin in from Google+ ads, it stays open
My two favorite players on the same team #whatadream #lebronandwade <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+2764>
Physician Assistant Requirements Oklahoma - Financial Consulting ...
What Ha Weak Ass Want Now.!
I was happy all day until I got to work
I need to invest in a new desktop computer. Hell! I now have almost everything that is an apple product. I might as well get that too.
Use of Wireless Handsets to Text Message and Engage in other Forms of Communication While Driving
One word for and and it rhymes with smackers. :)
Oh haha(x : noo I'm at home? Lol
Foursquare is being dumb today :( it was supposed to say the I bumped into my friends Jonny & Crystal ... Silly app!!!
“: Wow this is a great game!!!” Can we see an clutch overtime from skyler diggens?
Come see as we Romp the House at this weekend in St. Louis.
Just got to Church :) God never lets us down!
yeah they're definitely not into making any phones without cameras anymore
Happy Cinco de Mayo.
At the Shout House celebrating birthday
i swear your tweets are amazing.. lololol
Love a Saturday filled with photoshoots! Park of Roses, some downtown action, excellent.
Need a new level? Buy levels with screws to manually adjust the vials, in case adjustments are necessary.
Yep, pedi voice is SO tough, esp for the lil ones. Do you use the adventures in voice program?
Its my turn now
you should of said something!! or atleast tackled me I would of recognised you
TODAY IS A EXTRA SPECIAL DAY IT'S MY BEST FRIEND MY SISTER MI AMOR MY LOSER AND MY DUCK AND PAPERDOLLS BDAY HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY!!!
Your booth loos gorgeous!
I'll talk to P&G and see if they can come up with something that washes out glitter… and shame ;)
You know, if the Royals won, my day would get even better.
Hahaha it's so funny. :) LMFAO
Lego feet? Say what?
VIDEO: Real Housewives Talk Teresa&#39;s Cookbook and the &quot;New&quot; Pronunciation of Her Last Name
I tell u my boy has the juice good business today fam ! Money confirmed !
My sis & I met #Lindatrangdai for the first time. I am a fan of her since I was 5 & she looks & sounds great in person
Wow lol. Hey hey!!! how's it going?
Got The Next Nigga All Over Ha Clicc Damn You That Slow Think You Dumb Ass Nigga!
please please follow me?!?!
oh what I meant was the hand sign your making In Hawaii it's called a Shaka and means like what's up or aloha :)
Just read over last weeks wrote. Now time for
RT : Welcome to tonight's chat! You too and #smallbizchat I'm so excited and ON TIME!!!!
Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. -Harold R. McAlindon
Congratulations to and on the news of baby number 3! :)
ancestry.com membership. Pretty cool.
Really? That's not even the top Chargers-related story of the day.
check out my very talented friend model + dj + artist.
thanks for encouragement. I need to wait for my IT guy (Carlos) to come home from DC.
Made a huge step today to help my personal future.
When you've done something to somebody and they won't talk to you about it. <<<<<
Tweet me back if you're studying tonight I have a special surprise for you!
I need more toothpaste, new nipple rings & bottled water for my fridge.
If the excerpt is posted in order to be discussed/explicated/commented upon, that counts as transformative.
Fkying standby for next flight #1760. Come on !
I need a celebrity sponsor. lol
99% of the failures come from people who have the habit of making excuses. - George Washington Carver
but can you come out my way im lb
come over!
He say he hang wit me but he just tryna get some coo points naw nigga use a groupie bitch
u might as well just in case.. Haha n i'll leave anywhere between 5 n 5:30. Wat time do u think we'll b home?
Can you explain? RT : New paradigm is collaborative investment with the community in the middle
Hello to you!
I need to start tweeting more on here..
"While 30%-40% of study participants looked at ads on brand Timeline pages, 80% looked at them on Brand Pages." - numbers of facebook...
Thanks so much! We would love to send you promo material? What's the best way to do that?
:I love the way Jay Lethal imitated Macho Man Randy Savage! That was a real trip! RIP Randy Poffo!
I will have to take you up on that sometime! RT : I agree Tom, you should do a ride along with me one day!!!
The Over is 22-5-1 in the New York Islanders last 28 vs. Northeast. Just saying!
Startup ecosystem in Silicon Valley is still 3X bigger than New York; 4.5X bigger than London & 38X bigger than Boulder (via )
- Haha I Wontt Be -> Same For You (=
miss you , just #know I think your
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle snow white and the seven titties
lol that pic of you I posted on instagram jerky liked it (:
I don't want to be tan :'(
Thanks, Sue! Hope you're doing well!
Cloud Foundry supporting .NET is a game changer
Just woke up! Good Morning world!
"Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn." - Clark Gable (Gone with the Wind)
yeah? You have a dumb picture and your a creep
in my hometown tonight without me :( bo
she said I'm on a boat and then I got into a car crash! Hahhah
Sent my audition submission in today! Here's to hoping!
There's a guy in my PE Named Louis and dresses like ...
right there with you, Steve. Amazing time, great folks @
There's a riot grrrl Brazil.
Tomorrow night Miami is going to be on fire! Can't wait
Cool, has also started a back-channel via collaborative live-blog at 21k12blog.net/2011/02/16/a-g…
Had a great weekend - now I'm glad to be back from the journey!
At 5:30 will tell San Antonio he's the father of.....well, you'll just have to listen!!!
I'm starting to go through internet withdrawl. Thankfully my blackberry gives me little fixes. I miss you all.
that awkward moment when a bald guy wears a turtle neck and looks like roll on deodorant and you can't help but laugh
So, are you a member of the NE chapter? I recently exchanged chapters from Puerto Rico to the NE. Looking forward to your TL. :)
I hope she will get better and I think that it would make her smile if someone made her something She might b on l8r tonight
Jonas has the first season on DVD. Bug him to watch it.
I'd say the iPad - you have the flexibility of Kindle, Nook, & iBooks apps w/o having to lock into a single platform.
Realtor is showing my apartment tomorrow morning at 9 am and I have to clean it. Friday 6. Sam 1.
a woman prone to beer gut and cant drink hard alcohol...if u must know
#childishgambino ... enough said.
PLEASE no one tell me #Rondo is the future leader of this team after this...
ChristmAS 9 days away get your haircut make ur appt today
It's not only you michael...but that would be nice if we could get some of that rain here in SD. It has been very dry.How u've been?
Well played Donald.
Whoever says women can't drive has never taken a cab ride from one. So much better.
hahaha. Glad you're having a wonderful birthday so far!
Jus gettin up....trynna find some tix so my fam n I can hit Disney World n July
That sounds exciting!!
thank you!
Happy Veteran's Day to everyone who is serving or has served to protect our liberties. Thank you.
so miss my gloves that I left in Cesky Krumlov in the Czech Republic...still a bit chilly in DC
Got the equipment, watching homebrew videos, gonna (try to) make my own beer!
Has anyone figured out who the #LSUPizzaGirl is??
Family activities tied to specific art run the risk of becoming obsolete. Answer? In house printing.
my thoughts are with you, everything will go smoothly.
aw bummer! til next time then! have a safe trip home ;)
So glad I found your store to renew a little of my childhood! My daughter loves Tiny Titans too!
it is 5am - After 3 nights with only 4 hours of sleep, 2 nights with two hours and 1 night of no sleep - I have a hell day ahead of me
anyone knows any good investments ?
training on how to stay without message.
1 Peter 2:13 Submit yourselves for the Lord's sake to every authority instituted among men;... Hard to do at times, but needed! I'm learning
don't you need the mbox to actually use pro tools
Where have you been all my life
hey, lets give credit where credit is due!
justin needs to follow chachi =3=
The best feeling is when you think you bombed a test then get it back and aced it
Saw some poor chineese girl get fired to the floor by some homeless lad. He robbed her phone the bolted
These Hoez out here really settling 4 less doe! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
GET IT IN! YOU KNOCKED IT OUT THE PARK!!!! No homo my Sis is fine!!!!!
srry i fell asleep i forgot to tell u love
Jim Washburn got production out of HAYNESWORTH.
#CPD2012 gender equality not achieved by diminishing needs of boys so that girls can seem to achieve parity
Good tip for #jobseekers: RT : "Either you run the day or the day runs you." ~ Jim Rohn
aw yall are to cute
Haahaa... actually, why not? Curious if we could persuade T.Wilson as part of the browsing collections (fiction books).
#np what u doing
hey are there going to be shirts tonight!?! I always miss them.
Wow. MT : Pinterest & Flickr released an opt-out code to prevent people form pinning things from your site.
I don't think Louisville has a chance. RT Timeout: In the first 10 min, UK is shooting 60%, Louisville 25%
The ghost of Jack Arute": Who is the tiebreaker if Herbie/Musberger disagree on MVP? Erin?"
congrats bro...job well done
I am honored to have been appointed to the National Association of Personnel Services (NAPS) Board of Directors
Be careful with video. Be careful of talking head syndrome. Don't be a lecturer
where are you at #hpmkt? I don't want to miss dwell studio today!
how did you see glee already?
Had a great lunch at Zocalo_Sactown with my boss and a co-worker. Awesome food!
Throwing Candy when the Brewers defense is on fire. #IsThatLegit???
New format - performance heavy RT : Am I crazy, or are we 40 minutes in & only 1 award given out?
Can anyone bring to me today PLEASE! , if you do it I'll feed you with food and love <U+2764>
How bout them buccos!!?
Honestly I don't give a fucc about yo problems cuz I'm to worried bout my Money and the problems it brings me!
Just copped some Sky Dive & Purple Flow from the smoke shop finna look like this =_= hot they ain't have no OG Sour!!!! Yes!!! Lol
Wondering why we bother with love if it never lasts
Really?!?! You definitely NEED to be best friends with him Then you would have your very own Riley!
Love this. RT : "the customer is your media". This is the new PR reality.
oh you make me laugh...
yes sweetie [:
I'm still catching up on the 2,000 items in my Google Reader so I just saw your blog post about it!
I'm not feeling the whole make myself presentable and associate with people thing again tomorrow
i like my girls insane <3
Happy Easter
That awkward moment when everyone is talking about how much they love their mom and im just like "Fuck that bitch"
we'd never say no to some catering! Are you offering?
see you tonight!
why are u so freakin' cute! Miss u at FW today!
I love it to!
The real value of doing a MeyersBriggs on management is not what they do with the resutls, but that you know what to do with the results.
Yeah i probably just put out about 100 tweets to about #SaySomething (: #itsamahomiething <3
Excited for The Art of Marketing Conference to hear and other great speakers!
my dude was gonna buy them for 140 but didn't have the funds so 140
In Dallas for the Dylan #Ratigan Show. Show will be on starting at 1pm PST. We will be on about 1:45 PST
#OTG #WEAREOTG #OTGLIFE #OTGTIPS DO WHAT YOU SAY, SAY WHAT YOU MEAN
Children don't give their mothers unless they have issues.
Rip Whitney Houston...
Black ice. What fun. Saw an older guy walking his dog wipeout.
Motor racing-Bahrain Formula One Grand Prix starting grid
Happy Friday, all!
doubtful :( gotta finish this book and plan a wedding. Ur going right?
love it, nice work
Sick, sad, stressed...s
Mother's Day is sure to sell out! We will be serving brunch in PRIME & Vernon's from 9-3 & dinner in Vernon's starting at 4:30 pm.
No I don't want nobody baby. If I can't have you, I don't want nobody baby.
Thai people have Thai accents l0l RT : That thai place at the mall &gt;&gt;&gt; I love Chinese people accents lol
We love Resident Evil Outbreak because it depicts the attempts of normal civilians trying to escape the city. Follow !
Thank you to all those who have served our country -- Happy Veterans Day
Let Christ be Lord of ALL or Lord not at all. He is LORD and SAVIOR.
What a miserable Monday morning...good thing I'm posting today!!! Who
The search for #ISABEL in Tucson, I am afraid her father must have done something to her. Theyr not letting him see the family now. OMG sad!
is it the font in the entire admin area or just the editor that you want to change? That fix is just for the editor.
Thanks to all our guests that stopped in this last weekend, thanks to front and back of house staff for doing what they do best!
excellent question!
u demanded to come BIIIIHHHHTTT!!
Are you watching the #oscars? What are some of your favorite Oscar moments or memories?
True, but I think JJ is letting JG and RR do their thing.
I really like the use of the ticker to show the lyrics to My Old Kentucky Home.
I can't imagine the need for an extra battery.
Everytime I listen to Spice Girls it reminds me of
I don't know what NHL you're talking about.
Nice lip synching, #Madonna. #EltonJohn was right.
“: Strangers <U+2192> Friends <U+2192> Close Friends <U+2192> Crush <U+2192> Relationship <U+2192> Heartbroken <U+2192> Barely Friends <U+2192> Strangers.”
Absolutely! Let's #design a new system! Teachers as nation builders--what kind of nation do we want to build?
Plus the entree ain't as good without something on the side.
its changed a bit! they now have internet dating, LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!! bag of mixed ricks tho....
Marcell hasn't seen Boy Meets World before O.O
RT : take time over applications. Its not about speed
Waiting to eat! Hate how restaurants give you your drink 20 mins before they bring out your food
I hate the new fb. Everyone does! :-( O:-)
Seguin scores and tie the game at 1!
I started out using TweetDeck, but I'm trying web-based CoTweet now. So far, I'm more comfortable with CoTweet.
They're selectors they eat very few : It is dark. You are likely to be eaten by an archivist. #iipc12”
#komen lost donors on 2 sides: pro-life, anti-PP-ers with moral objections to PP & pro-PP contingent for whom brand is "dead."
Congratulations to the 2011 Oakbridge Scholarship winners! It felt good being around such positivity this week. See yinz soon.
And dis mf go to rich south...bet
You can only hide in the bathroom for so long before people start questioning your digestive capabilities.
oh well what ever it is it's good
the hoodest tennessee nigga on a track whch we know is #FIRE,.. who fuckin with them!!!
Thank you to everyone for spreading the word that #RevereisHere! Had so much fun doing room giveaways w/ ! Should we do more?!
lol idk why but I think there a turn on! :P
I never do it to try n hurt u feelings. Jus gotta funny way of showing mine
Thanks to everyone who came out to La Suave Melodia this weekend! We had a great time! Stay tuned for more events and concerts to come!
Tix now on sale for eCLUB members to LA CAGE AUX FOLLES, Nov 1-6! For info or to become a member, go to BroadwayAcrossAmerica.com/Baltimore
No day is a day for horrible rattly bass. It always makes me feel anxious and unsettled.
Ms. Wisconsin wins Ms. America pageant. In related news, Jeff Ripp's head just exploded.
: aspergers is not a syndrome, its a superpower. And school is kryptonite! #txla12 #tlchat AND...
The book - "Pillars of the Earth" - was amazing!
Thanks for the RT :).
I try to manage my hormones cuz if I dont I might end up swimmin in somethin ima regret when its done u feel me...yea its that real
Tension btwn Gerald Ford era copyright law and digital age with possibility of providing content for everyone. Kenny Crews
:( We'll have to play a show for you sometime soon!
My body has never stopped feeling, in light of this, that the ideal day begins around 11 AM and ends around 3.
Waiting To The Last Minute To Do Something .
Oh, thank you! Glad you liked it :)
#ItsCrazyHow much I love you and want to be with you and you just don't notice it.
Welcome to my new, professional Facebook page! Look for my acting career updates, photos and video here.
Apartment Shopping! :-D
I did #followback #teamfollowback :) Talk soon!!
Shoutout to for hanging up on me. Smh lol
What is your excuse for not doing ministry? Money,time,family, maybe you feel ill equipped? So do I...but I go anyway
we're finally going to be fine! :-D
Just added to my time line. I used to love that guy. It'll be interesting to see if I still do!
That is really cute!!
primetime, drugs, repeat
the movie's an experience! I hope they show them - they're totally different from the one they used & would've changed the feel!
but is it sweet? those early melon can be such a tease.
Jut came up with the most brilliant marketing idea.
But D is like Giants' pitching. : Yes. I'll buy that. RT The #49ers RZ offense is like the #SFGiants avg. w/RISP”
hi thanks for following me i followed back=)
The #Bucks are way more enjoyable with tunes on (and a 15-0 run)
a liquor store other than one of the local ones. It is even better when mixed with a something bubbly.
so not hot.
I am going to have to juggle, the Mets, Yankees, and Devils today. I will also visit my mother in Westbury
Let's go Eli!
Messi is from another planet.
me&Ellen were trying to talk to you&Chris after study hall&the only thing you came up with was I'll get your IP address
Checkin out Grayskul Tonight at The Sunset Tavern in Ballard...who's rollin through?
Some people just don't get the fucking point, do they?
I've seen curls peek out ur hat a few times tho.
Itching to get off work and ride bikes with
That awkward moment when your watching Justin Bieber on tv in your thinking to yourself damn he such a turn on....
You can watch it for free. Want me to send you the link? It's hilarious btw.
sent me here
Dude literally, fuck off!
Video didn't show up!
if I have to go home to #NYC for a Freixenet party-I'll do it! C'mon #Atlanta! lets get our votes up
Job search? Need resume help? Message me, email or call 631-514-9142 Clients get interviews every time!
“: <~~~ mean lil somethin” now that your right about
I feel like overwriting the commands
this is great #4th #inning, any way you look at it!
Thought we were going to die today. Snow is so beautiful but so destructive at the same time. Sneaky....
#LMSunSIG accessibility: BB is claiming accessibility compliant
I'm easy, breezy, and sneezy today :-/
LOVIN' me some Bon Iver, right now! Well said, well deserved & wonderfully humble.
Hell yeah, that's how you suppose to be.
sometimes i wish i was on house arrest. at least it would give me a reason not to be stupid enough to go to places where i'm tired of being.
Ok this #DONNASUMMER tribute got me wanting to pull out a white Ferrari on Collins in #Miami on some Vice shittt.
Pregnancy Stages - Android Apps
I want to hate you, but we all know my love for you is too strong...
Congrats to everyone who ran the Georgia Marathon & Half Marathon yesterday! How are those legs feeling today?
hey it been a long time we talk
Wisconsin will not get a call this game.
My dad died two Fridays ago. It seems like the world stopped for a while. Baby steps for the moment.
Stay tuned to Fox 8 news tonight @ 5 for MAJOR announcement for the Soul Survivor Contest!
In collaboration with REI outreach, join NCM tomorrow, July 13 from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m., as we bring an outdoor adventure to the Launch Zone!
can't nobody do your body like this.
gave away me bracelet to a man named Joel. I hope it does some good in his life :)
“Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.” <U+2015> Marilyn Monroe
ayyeeee DM me when u see this
I support the office, not the person. And thank you!
I miss my babe ...
It is National Happiness Happens Day :) What's something that makes you instantly happy?
OMG IM SO FREAKIN HAPPY FINALLY FOLLOWED ME!!!!!!!!!!!!! i screamd as if my arm got cut off lolz
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! FYI we are in Kenosha Wi this Friday night at Duke's Country Saloon!
And there's the whole "Promoting #Mixtape" aspect. But how will I watch #GameofThrones amidst all that craziness?
Gosh my voice sounds so bad wen I sing "Gotta be you" the notes r so high love it anyways
No worrys :D
haha. Yeah, if we wanna marry them we gotta be chill.
you warm my cockles
Having trouble finding something to keep your teens busy this summer? Guitar lessons help teens focus their minds while they enjoy playing.
I am shocked you didn't like Titanic, but the more pressing matter is: What about the fans? Janeites vs. Leolovers #whowins?
of course! Now let's get a theme going...
lol id take corn over gator anyday
. Pleased to make your acquaintance, Miss. Best bio ever. - Dina
I love that Stockton thug strut - Picking Diaz to win tonight
can't wait until staying up whenever, sleeping in until whenever, going places whenever , seeing people whenever, summer 2012.<U+2600>
My husband said "I didn't know you were still using that." I explained it's a 5 year book!
today even more cuzz I'm single now /:
And I thought it was hot in my room last night.. Dumbass school won't turn on the AC until MAY! Tf?!?!?
hey! im not gonna die! and i gtg shawtys bye bye
Happy to say all my shopping is done
As the days and weeks pass, it becomes painfully obvious that Romney will go wherever the wind blows.
Boring Sunday.
OMG IS THAT MR BELDING ON MAD MEN??????
Tweet to congress, please don't double our student loan rates it will have a drastic negative impact on my family as a whole.
crap! I guess the jigs up on that one now. I'll just have to take the 'ol nazi mind control device elsewhere:-p
Come back to Boston soon? I need to get to meet you, it was sad watching you from the ramp above earlier :( x
Its Wedding Wednesday!!!! What is your favorite part of a wedding?
Your twitter name makes me blush! LOL
Invites to the EOLv2 alpha test just went out. Check your inbox.
yea. And I'm on the media distribution list and almost missed it.
I am so frustrated right now. I can't even. Ugh. Finish a competent tweet apparently.
Thom Yorke is urging young musicians to avoid signing with record labels because they will "completely fold" within a matter of months.
its only monday kenneth! Ill see you tom for sure
angie continue using our secretive language o k m q c
Great meeting you today Leah! Let's falafel again soon. :)
haha it's a small price to pay...!
How's Everyone Today ? :)
smh i heard leah didnt even get to play lmao
Having a yak attack...
I dunno why I even try anymore... As if it ever ends up how I imagine
Woman Thou Art Loosed: On the 7th Day forgive this kidnapping drama for its heavy-handed melodrama and tawdry plot elements. Is it too much?
Chris Brown makes the most famous beats and hits...#hi-o. That's my time everyone you've been wonderful!
first episode premieres this week, so excited...
I think should come to Ptown!!!
I'll ask momma after I shower
Ahh , im so tired all im gunna do right now is take a warm shower , watch jersey shore while eating oreos and sleep :)
Continuing Education Provider Application being processed.....workshops and trainings just ahead in promotion of the iiMod Program...
that Louis-Dreyfus has got to be the perfect woman...funny, charming, looks fantastic and is happy to not be master of her domain
dude . I think your tweets Are awesome. Lol. Bye now :DD
serious #sunworship happening today. So... much... Sun. And it's been so rainy here.
HE MY NIGGA EVEN IF I GET NO BIGGER AND WE ALL KNOW THAT AIN'T GONE HAPPEN
Is your next cd ready?! Let us help you. www.musicalstop.com
Love is like a booger. You keep picking at it until you get it, then wonder what to do with it. ~ Unknown
Can't wait to see u on NYE in Milwaukee! I promise u will feel the love from Chi-town to the Brew-City.
#Beer Mob Members get BOGO on all winter beers today. Join the mob today to get cool gear and new specials every week.
kewl I will ping you about #AliceSXSW after burningman! help me find sponsors!
): where have u been??
"Justin Bieber is a girl."
So if a juror watches Fox News, does that mean they will vote a certain way in delibs? Answer: NO!!! Yet so many attys think that.
hey, man congrats on the new internship! Enjoy your time out there!
Great Global Forest Watch demo of temporal HTML5 raster viz by & #foss4gna Work > beauty > speed win.
preferably black and yellow
but I still love them...
Will you be doing any signings after the panels this weekend?
Damn ur so far
35 yo F & a 38 yo M w aphasia both w yrs of extens alcohol & drug abuse Just had an 18 yo meth add in resp failure all v sad
'It seemed... A place for us to dream'
thanks! Maybe I'll try to squeeze into it! Good luck in the competition !
Ok Tell Me When
Blurring Personal Style and Professional Uniforms! Thanks for all the support- COOL Medical Scrubs!!
I got mango, dunkman, BHM, china on hand
We are overwhelmed by all the support we are getting!
who was your fav?
Your video is so awesome!!! Thank you thank you thank you!!!!!!!!!
ahh ok. It will be worth it cause I will finally be pretty!
Appropriately, you'll also hear Bewitched, Bothered, and Bewildered, made famous by Ella Fitzgerald, and jazz standard Autumn Leaves.
RT : Don't TeaBag me Bro I
1:2 - Tonight at St Emmanuel Church there will be Adult Bingo and live music from XLR8 Entertainment and Edwin Markham I.S.51!
damn :P
I sure did.
Katy on Selena's lap!!! Love YOU Mama Katy and Mamacita Gomez
Was in car at Whole Foods eating pizza & drinking coconut water w/a car full of organic herb plants when Danny Brown came on. I'm so hard.
ard cool. You got PayPal?? Or I can send you invoice when I get off soo I can start it tonight
I hear LeBron what to come back to Cleveland Joke thing Ha Ha Ha
Gresh must think Rondo needs a triple double every night to be consistent.
hm about that last RT.. i RT'ed so i could look at it tom.. for now i gotta get some #sleep 4 real
they need landing intructions on the outside of the baggy
The process and procedure is part of the fun!
A simple "good morning, beautiful" text could make any girl smile for the whole day
#liveline A very simple death cert. should be available for third party use. More detailed one should be avail. if needed.
I have so many nerdy baseball things to say about that pitch omg
Retro dresses made to elope in seem to be a hit this spring! I smell a blog coming on... :-)
RT : God is amazing...another day
Set my fantasy hockey team preferences and now it is time to read a book and go to bed.
- I thought it was a pretty perfect ending. Sad that there wasn't a single mention of Edie, but she kinda did that to herself
and the band played on
This guy is straight out of a western movie!
Seriously though covered in blood and puppy formula and Wallace WILL NOT FALL ASLEEP OMFG
Kristen left. Waved to fans for a quick second. So cute.
We got a good thing.
That would be excellent. I'm pretty stumped. Thank you, sir.
At the nailshop getting a pedi...
Good morning :)
Want a fall get-away?! Come to Weekend with the Wire Masters at the Laguna Cliffs Resort & Spa in Dana Point, California. Unwind AND wind!
It's Friday the 13th , & guess who's playing Jason?
good call. the 85 1.8 is tops on my list right now - might spend it on that.
lol hey! I need my ranch! Hahaha
Don't forget we do the Feather extensions! So popular right now. Adds a lil somethin' somethin' to your hair if ya know what we...
You're a goddamn idiot to think you know jack about anything. Good luck with your pathetic life, you bum.
ATTENTION ATTENTION!!! ALL MY FOLLOWERS JUST LETTIN U GUYS KNOE I CHANGED MY PROFILE PICTURE!!
only thing that could be better right now is if i had a pool in my yard...#butatleastiknowsunstillexists!
Which of your books delves deepest into how you evaluate a stock's fundamentals? Thanks!
Bruh already got alot of work..
Takin the pups to the dog park
Flatted three times on this morning's ride... what a way to kickoff the day. Need to restock the tube supply.
where is Cincy by
My man, My man! Tell RJ I say w.u. : Rajiv Joseph's writing is layered, sharp yet subtle. Lovin the process#Theatre RT
I don't wanna brag, I'll be The. Best. you've ever had..#tonight <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
I am looking for a special venue to have my daughter's baby shower in Detroit. Figure between 50 -75 people. Any suggestions?
#ICanHonestlySay truth fear no questions
I think the solution to our problems..annex Florida..seems like thats where all the bullshit seems to happen
Excited for the town of Ramona - low cost food ministry has just been expanded out there - a great chance meet needs and give God credit
Manning goes down again! # patsnation
Sure!! Nobody has done it yet lol
6/12 9:20 PM - Onstage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: David Baker
wish me good luck fighting at NAGA tomorrow!! Have a real good day Bas
We have a new server ready - vpn-sv3 OpenVPN (SSL) server server in San Francisco . It's available in your customer area now.
I wanna make millions and then give it all away.
I wish things in the UK would just stop getting big over here..
For me, it's the *most* important question going forward. Thanks for coming today!
Not a fan, put it's cool that Iggie got to be the hero for the #76ers. Been around for 8 yrs of losing
"Advertising is totally unnecessary. Unless you hope to make money." ~ Jef I. Richard
ohh, I'm at redcar station now:'))
She's awesome! shares her busy schedule with us at #upstream2012. "I don't know how I do it." she says.
New topic - Upgrading to E-M5 or Switch to Nikon D7000
Thanks for the follow! Happy New Year!
U.S. Senate
found out #obama is going to be eating dinner 0.1 miles from my apartment tomorrow!!! Also: scared I won't be able to get home after work
its ok its happens :) ok I'm going give u shout out.
hope you had a very happy bday!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
That was actually pretty awesome, Rick.
Hope every1 had a safe & wonderful Holidays & New Year!! Don't forget if u need any help w/ur insurance, call me: (619) 298-9000
Less is more....always.
thank u! Xo J
hahaha! I am used to it. You always leave me here :) hahaha! Is it raining there?
Omg this is fucking stressful
Of all the dunks UK has had this year Darius may have the two best.
It takes imagination and courage to pull apart packaged content. RT
(Guys) Really dont understand what they do to us Women... I'm Fuckin done with (Them)!
So Bernie, can I get a photo with my two favorite mascots Tuesday at Citi?
Ya family snitching out of town but you wanna shoot subs at me all day
Bang bang
Seriously my fave of all three! <3Finnick
I love the mobility of consuming from netflix, amazon, itunes as well...thanks for the info.
thanks Kai. Yeah it was, day after baby's b'day.
Pretty sure Noah Wyle's ER money ran out.
Hi. I'm drunk
#runinoftheday Navin from #TED in soho
Early night twits...
Yea I'm doing good. We need to catch up
BOSTON MASSACHUSETTS!!!!! WOO GO CHUCK!!!!
Can't wait for
its Friday and we have 6 hours till schools out
Flames to dust, Lovers to friends, Why do all good things come to an end? <3
I can't stand Oklahoma City!!!
SP is not smart to choose best content database in GUI - Site warning level only Use powershell for precise site provisioning
NO I'm here with crotch until 7
The awkward moment when you wake up in the morning with no pants on even though you know 100% that you went to bed with pants on.
You got me thinking something happened to you .
New resolution for 2012: trust no one.
Oh no! Want to DM us your Zipcard # and we'll see if we can help?
#Iusedtothink was that girl going into freshman yr summer review with hives yet... I still can't figure out who the bitch was.
follow my new account bro
We're off the streets till Monday night when we'll be at Black Acre Brewing in Irvington for dinner.
Perry sucks
your heart hurts and my does to
Today seems like a good day to listen to Dolly Parton and cry for a couple hours. Thanks brain.
Swedish House Mafia + Coldplay = INSANITY
are you suggestion global warming isn't real?
She's joined a terrific group. RT Our Celebrity Acquisition team just got stronger. Welcome to Octagon 1st Call.
Any of my followers ever get a speeding ticket on your bike? It would be cool if u did.
are my clothes still in our locker? cause I'm planning on coming back to get them soon, sorry they've been taking up space
Beauty, more than bitterness, makes the heart break. Sara Teasdale
Album tracking progress = 85% Then onward to mixing...
RT : Will be hiding tshirt somewhere in the city and tweeting the location. Random size/random location
yea its Aero doe ?
Okay I would love to! Thanks for asking(
HCIL brownbag sounds super interesting thanks for tweeting!
just did!(:
Firefighters continue to spray water on blaze in greenfield
Are you making wine this month? Share your photos on this page! Need any advice? Ask it here. We have many great winemakers who follow us.
FOUND AT THE OWL BAR: important looking hand drawn building plans. If you're missing any, please let me know!
Ok..don't lie to me, then when I figure out you were lying say it was just to make me happy..cuz now i'm extremely upset and hurt..
I'm going to move to san antonio so me & can meet, fall in love, and get married<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 46
New show called Free Agents based in Portland?? Awesome, NBC.
out breaking the bank with
Anyone in Denver looking for a roommate/has a friend looking beginning in March? Message me!
Topol giving a spectacular talk @
Sure why not :) “: Lmao me too RT : I'm one of those "motherless hoes"”
We do what we can! Glad you had a great time!
This is real.
100 Degrees today!!! Don't lose your cool. All Naughton's locations are open on Sundays from 9AM-3PM now.
Matt Kalil #Vikings No. 4 He’s the blindside pass protector they need to help keep second-year QB Christian Ponder upright.
If you don't like Star Wars, not only can we not be friends, but I probably dislike you a little bit. I'm like with David Tennant.
I leave for the airport in 4 hours. Why am I still awake?
A life without adversity,a life of ease &comfort, produces nothing & leaves us with nothing.This is one of the indisputable facts of life.DI
Someone's office is awfully tidy. ??
:thank you :)
Not tonight but I'll be taking Katie & her sisters on Saturday (after we hit the comic book store for Free Comic Book Day!)
i followed
RT Sleeping in your arms ~ the cold world outside just melts ~ in our warm embrace. #haiku #love #beautiful!
Beautiful shot! Now I'm hungry, and my lunch isn't going to look anything like that delicious pork belly.
All of my texts look like drunk texts.
You claim you're straight but yet I see gay stuff all over your social sites.
#ItsCuteWhen You see pictures of one direction! <3
Are there nationwide #internet and #phone problems?
Man in College I had way too many 5 dollar cheese pizzas from Little Caesars lol.
So many great awards at the dinner! Love seeing creative work in
It was great that Northwestern played Illinois at Wrigley Field & Notre Dame played Army at (new) Yankee Stadium. Hope it happens again.
RT : I'm here until Monday evening, wanna grab dinner tomorrow or something?
#shoutout #JaySki be home soon.... HOT PRODUCER outta #RVA...send me a email so i can send u sum
Yes, see you at #ASTD11. Looking forward to it.
- absolutely my pleasure to support such a remarkable event & group. Looking fwd to seeing u.
How about a compromise? Write then ashtray? Best of both worlds
life proof?
So tired...
where do yall play today?
yep! You coming?
are going the fuck off right now at Juicy Beach!
Rolling gars eating good food.....
Why am I not surprised...
What does it mean when u get a tattoo of a killer from a scary movie?? I'd watch out for that person, just sayin
bet dm me on those 2
So, are monkeys more like oceans, puddings, or machines?
Got my visa! Looks like it's finally all systems go for my Russian adventure. Leaving Friday...
Happy to connect !
why did *nsync just play on my iTunes, and why did i think of you?
if anybody deserves to see in concert again it's definitely you :)
Eh i dont, i just miss how hot he was
Offers PennySaver advertising, PennySaver want ads and PennySaver classifieds in free weeklies nationwide from top on line advertising...
Show tonight! #Barrington, IL. 7-10 pm Acoustic music!!! Covers and originals. Hope to see you!
vs OpenMail, where the same email is sent to everyone, and software distribution is handled as a separate process. I'd prefer OM.
It so cool, to just been chillin, listening to the radio and you hear your music! s/o to 88.7 FM Edwardsville.
in a mood
I love how a box of trojans dont last me a week -___-
Very true.. can't go back to old diet once you lose weight & then have to go on new diet. Yoyo diets = losing muscle also.
thank you :)
ayo, what's good man! you got a spot lined up out here yet or what?
on Heliotrope (near 19th). I saw one man under arrest and a car being towed. Last of the police cars getting ready to leave.
I followed him :D
It's funny how in the begining of a friendship there is a touch barrier.
Thank you. :) They are pretty great!
Still sleepy now. Why I cant go to bed before 0 o'clock? Smh to me
Hah! It's good though!
Hey, remember when they used to do that kind of thing and it wasn't kneejerk leftism?
iPhone 4S: AT&T vs. Verizon vs. Sprint – Which Carrier is Best? - Gotta Be Mobile
Oh yay!Very easy to hide!
Thanks for making today the freshest day in the history of produce.
Hey #smcsea missing you guys - playing along from afar
This is a tweet I want to send to just LinkedIn if I'm not in Hootsuite
Glad you enjoyed ABQ! We love it here too.
the only reason why i want it to be monday tomorrow is so that i can watch Pretty little liars
“: Semi final game vs south range ready to win #ballin”<- glgl buddy!!
When people talk and act like their five<<<<<
Will Ferrell was hanging out on Adams Ave last weekend and John C. Reily will be around this weekend?
TY for your kind words and #FF! UR a good friend.
What? No?!Really?
Sending our crack reporters and crack photographers to cover the structural damage at the Sherman Minton Bridge.
Your RT of this comment worked becuz DapaDon just lost 2 followers.
Thanks for following! Hope to see you on the 25th!
Sent you a note about We would love to give you a demo about this new social network for neighborhoods.
Babay if opposites attract then why are we fighting over our differences ?
I think they're just fishing 4 publicity. Especially when u read the "producer's" tweet
“: Saw Shaq at Shout restaurant on Friday. The man is a giant”
damn I do too...
#NSMN member to donate money to #cancer from book sales. Inspiring! sportsbusinessbookstore.com
Dear HTC Aria, Love you to death in 364 ways. Whatchu gotta work on is your fucking message deleting system. ABYSMAL!
I head to Phoenix on March 3rd!
Happy birthday !!!! :D
many thanks to for helping out with our 2012 marathon and for premium books. we raised over $31,000!
It's to early for all that. Lol
Do #ereaders have auto-feed options like Netflix for loading the next book or article after finishing and/or returning one item?
May 21st needs to hurry, I'm ready to graduate & start my life after highschool.
REGIONALS HERE WE COME!!!
I don't like Celine. I LOVE Celine.
Special thanks to & Tim Morgan for everything!
The Ultimate Music Challenge tonight at Cowtippers. Texas Ritas, Taco Tuesdays and bacon & blue cheese topped NY Strip. YUM!!
Talk to your customers like you know them. Be customer-led, don't just pretend.
my dad is eating leftover chicken out of the garbage can. charming.
Hey ...santa should be picking you up anytime now <U+2665> just make sure your smiling when I open you in the morning <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
I agree they look very weird!!
Might get to play tennis tomorrow for the first time in 6 months...crossing my fingers!
Those Wyndam places are sweet...we stayed at one in Destin once. I felt all swank.
How many singer-songwriters do we have here?
went outside to get the mail, ppl look so ghetto over here, just out there lookin a mess
I think it's really funny that #FreddyPrinceJr is on the last season of #24. I can't really take him seriously in anything but chick flicks.
I mean BATTERY, typing too fast again.
BREAKING: MSNBC's Lawrence O'Donnell reporting that all national advertising on the Limbaugh show has been cancelled.
Signs of child abuse: change in behavior, learning problems, withdrawn, afraid to go home
Just ate tomato soup with a fork!
just close your eyes lol
You are a running beast. I'd be jealous of your commitment but that would require effort. (;
Church MICE volunteer day at St Vincent De Paul Food Pantry tomorrow. Can't wait!!
i'll give more than i take. and i'll remember to want what i have.
Why am I it?
Seeing with !! Then off to my show's
#provercoffee tell us we have a constituent willing to be part of the story it helps
To celebrate your birthday my sister and I are going to have a dance party on our street!!
I WILL TRY MY HARDEST TO GET WRISTBANDS FOR ME AND WE HAVE TO GET SOME, OMFGGG.
awe:) I love you too.
Thee fact that I know I won't talk to him till probably next week is making have the worst night !
My 3 y.o. pointed his Nerf gun at me and said, "Come with me, sir." Future cop or very polite mugger? You decide!
A town just died. I can hear the bulldozers in the near distance. Diesel bouquets the air.
really you don't follow anyone ? Hmm
“: Even the team goon gets poon.. #wheelingtip”
. Outnumbered by the times I dash to store for just a minute and meet them wearing old shoes, handbag with broken strap, no makeup
Interested in working with/celebrating black girls? Email and tell them you want to participate in L.O.L!
I need a bio. Help.
LIKE I ATE SOME BAD PIZZA AND IM BOUT TO THROW SOME DOUGH UP YO TITTYS NEEDS SOME GROW UP AYE TITTY BOI U BOUT TO BLOW UP ATE NIGGA U BOUT
Keep your eyes peeled Monday for a big announcement...
I saw the Grateful Dead live in 1994
\\_o___// <- two #skipatrol #tobogganing down an injured
can we get the PP for CCA? #callcenterweek I cant write that fast! Great presentation!!
Im addicted to brain;-)
Derek Jeter is the only player to win the All-Star MVP and World Series MVP in the same season. (2000)
History: Today in 1973, during the Watergate scandal, embattled President Richard M. Nixon uttered the famous words, "I am not a crook."
Dinner at Nightwood.
“Dream as if you'll live forever, live as if you'll die today.”
& then twitter says doesnt follow you. He did 10 minutes ago:(
Nope ravens my fav team always RT I'm guessing you like the New York Giants to right lol...
Teen Wolf Finale is amazing so far! <3
A friendly study of the world's religions is a sacred duty. -Mahatma Gandhi
At Emma's party!
Our local utility company just raised their rates again. Looks like net zero homes are a thing of the future!
Hopefully some of those people are carrying more flour bombs.
ha ha you sure your ready homie?
Hey thanks!!
I'm extremely horny this morning.
RT : Y'all with this spam shit. My DM's booming with that shit.
it's 12:48 right now at San Antonio
#voiceofreason MT : I love Twitter as much as anybody. Let's not blow our ACLs jumping to conclusions on Tweet
Another Tuesday, another free cocktail! RT/DM us your name for this week's password for a free cocktail today 5:30-7pm!
lol i told my dad the same exact thing.
Jeff got gas pump dumped lmfao
Thanks for following and the link to the article.
Thankful and blessed. 2 words that describe me.
Can't wait to go crazy with my tax refund! 14 dollars!? Gourmet hot dog anyone?
Keep an eye out for the Music issue...
Got your own private jet now? :)
You mean the world to me. I wish you realized that.
is that you in the background with the long hair?
deff girl Haha Idk if I'm coming Friday or Saturday but only 3 more days (:
Played #TurnToYou by for my mom...SHE DOESN'T JUST LIKE IT....SHE LOVES IT!!;)
i have no clue who that is. flavor fllllaaaav
At Piestewa Summit Trail
do sum schoolwork then
Thanks for playing my songs and spreading the love around!
Thanks for bringing Black as Night Lager to Florida for a couple of months. It's my favorite beer of ALL TIME! Come back soon!
where are you dishing it out at?
Hopefully you can visit again soon!
I am with you, I think he sucks.
Age is nothing but a number damnit!!!!
"unless you love someone, nothing else makes sense." e.e. cummings
King George VI~ The highest of distinctions is service to others.
I will pay any bloggers $30 to post a new blog with a text link to one of my client's sites... Tweet me if you're interested.
3:15AM, 9 Espresso Shots..... bring on the final!
hey I know hoops! Real is real lol
send us suggestions or your own material to
Tennessee Employment Security Law allows personnel records as evidence in misconduct claims. CC:
geeking out on Ahmad Jamal's "The Awakening." I love it.
] we said, and Lilley didn<U+0092>t in his article, <U+0093>May Allah protect you<U+0094> or <U+0093>Fi Amanillah<U+0094> is equivalent in the Islamic faith to good-bye
Amazed at the funny looks I got whilst blaring "Anarchy in the UK" in a Miami parking lot. No sense of humor peeps?
All of my messages are failing -_- wtf.
I was going to flip you off but I thought long and hard about the consequences if it wasn't you
Thank you.
“: congrats on getting the lead role”>>>thank u:)
Congrats to my big brother ! Newest sous chef
Has there ever been a reason why Eric Cartman is getting #Kings fans excited by saying "Go Kings Go."
At LAX waiting for my red-eye back to Philly. Unenthused.
3-day old email from editor for 'PRIVACY'..."started with edit with full day yesterday and it is looking great!"....good news 2come home too
Post-HULLS aches and pains.
but im fckin ready to go home
I'm in my own Zone
don't doubt! They just need to get it right! :-)
What these bodies lack is library data - data about our transactions with faculty, among others
I did see signs of weather manipulation in the skies with respect to contrails and chemtrails.
Yeah, kind of absurd they didn't. #CarpeDonut in #cville on
WTF dis shit to crazy I'm tryin to keep my cool I got this
Have to listen to 's "Black Devils" again. That joint is so hard body!
oops! Lol. Thanks. My last one is not so great. :x
cool! You haven't been watching it for 6 hours straight, have you?
Just put out a fresh batch of our Costa Rican style Rice Pudding! Ask for it heated up...that's how they eat it in Costa Rica! Yum!
I'm no longer a rocky horror picture show virgin. So pleasantly confused
Trish Van Pilsum's window washing investigation tonight on FOX 9 Learn the disturbing number of MN deaths and watch her do the dangle!
Just jump out the SEMI TRUCK bout hit plush all da bad bitches meet me there
Hope you feel better soon, Pickle Twin! :(
I'm doing good its a dance show to night how are. U doing
Photoshoot on top of Stone Mt went very well. Can't wait to see images.
Q I've often wondered: why does DH conference not publish full paper (i.e. citable) proceedings? More like MLA/APA than ACM?
Let's go San Antonio spurs!!!!!
Production laptop it, babycakes! Don't take the chance! It's all SO good. Seriously impressed.
We're now working with #Rockwall, TX on their new Clarity CONNECT implementation.
My highlight of yesterday was being told I'm off work all weekend xD woohoo!
Thanks #popcon for indulging me in some John Cage love. Great panel; unexpected connections with papers on Morrissey and trans vocality.
www.coderguy.com had some server issues this morning. Back up now:)
How can 4 people sleep in maho bay tents: hey all
The best of life is being happy with Jeush*..
My stupid bro neighbors were having a kegger today while my parents were visiting. I had to explain beer pong to my dad.
The zoo keepers laugh at any thing that makes a monkey different!
i know in 120 miles away but i can smell the nasty piss smell of that shitty stadium all the way from madison. Wrigley = dump
"It is one of the blessings of old friends that you can afford to be stupid with them." Ralph Waldo Emerson
Breath focus during physical training helps minimize distracting unproductive thoughts
Oh NO
I want to meet because their music inspires me in a way that's inexplicable!
Even Ice is reusable my boy had a few blocks left in his cup and he when and put it back in the freezer lmao funiest shit ever
Thanks to all who entered our Serpent Necklace giveaway. The winner will be announced soon!
We're having quite the time watching you guys blow the f-up!
Of course I'm on twitter, I'm not THAT old! Good to see you here and thank you!
Back in the studio today with . Almost finished!
Just had a lovely conversation with The Beat Dolls! Good people! We should be starting the broadcast soon!
Finding air plane parts in my garden
"In real love you want the other person's good. In romantic love you want the other person."
Looks like some All-Pro running from Ray Rice through one quarter..
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to tweeting w/ you. Cheers!
Jeremiah 49:11 "Leave your orphans; I will protect their lives."
Thanks! and I are glad you are enjoying the book.
happy birthday bro! Hope you had a good time at home.
bible I want a birthday cake after last night lol .... Medina wouldn't know she too cool for the gym
Who won't #Obama play #golf with? USSportspages.com
oh yeah! That's straight. What are we doing tonight?
all good here thx
Almost have all the stitches back on the needles after having to rip back to have enough yarn to finish. Estimating yarn not my strong suit.
Absurd! Look at the money he spent and they finished 8th? Any other manager would have gone long ago. He destroyed Toon too!
Nervous, but excited for the #packers game. If Rodgers stays focused and the o-line plays well, this game is ours.
My show on 6/25 is called Red Eyed & Sleep Deprived. Im going to see how much new art i can make for it whilst sacrificing sleep.
I heard you working on a new album. What are you calling it? I know its going to be amazing. Your really talented.
any theories about flight time? Why do we sometimes land 40 mins early, & others 20 mins late #earlylanding #nogate #WHY!!
What are you doing at State Fair this weekend...bands? food on a stick? rides?
thanks! I'm still thinkin about bacon.
Future of Twitter: pretty soon all the stores near me will start sending DM's from their products that just say, "Come buy me!"
Hello world!
This guy really just exclaimed "Hooray!" when our plane landed -_-
Always interesting (if you like SEO): How to Forecast & Measure Your Marketing ROI with a Scorecard
no bc I'm starting to get OLD and have so much to accomplish :(
see at that point in the day, a bra is just unnecessary (says the woman who didn't put a bra on until 330 pm)
Lame!!! “: Last night I had a dream about a dream about you... #tracknumber7”
haha! Time has gone by so fast! I used to see your parents occasionally. They looked exactly the same, young as ever!
We are creating custom twitter background just like the ones our Pro Athletes use for one lucky follower tonight. Follow & RT to be eligible
yes! Screamingmimi is my handle
This videoo is crazy. These pple need Help
Found out my a other account
was that the song playing when you went to a knee? Congrats buddy!
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people !!
S/O to a new follower and friend, com holla atcha boi iight
My lower back would like me to invest in a stand up desk. (a treadmill desk would be even better!!)
don't #DeleteYourAccount or you WILL regret it.
what's up timeline
Eatin jelly sandwiches
Getting geared up for #matchday2012 and loving the costumes!
... Is it bad that I still stand by what I said?
ok great now I have to watch it
If I was a Rangers fan, I would demand Michael Young be traded.
The smartest man in all of , my editor , is now on Twitter. Pretty moving moment.
RIGHT! And you'd think he'd quit with all these reckless tweets. He's not going to be happy until he gets fired from CNN.
It's kind of comforting to have your bed smell like your last gentleman caller. Less comforting when he smelled like sausage.
Putting the books aside for the three day weekend. Bring on the beer, bacon and football!
good luck dude the love is with u<U+2665> when ur stuck say my name u will get the answer<U+2665>
No, MarkLogic is not a kluge of Lucene, SOLR, Tomcat, etc. The founder wrote this sh** himself...
Oh, Community. I love you <3
Interested in becoming a sponsor? Great! Email us for details:
...and a very HAPPY BIRTHDAY to Yogi Berra, a living legend!
Grove Wines delivered on set to Oscar Winner Colin Firth & Emily Blunt, to enjoy while shooting movie "Arthur Newman, Golf Pro" near Grove.
give credit for being the first...
me too!!
:/ i no, we break up really late this year!!!! :)
I just don't think it's a popular route. 3 years ago multiple airlines offered nonstop routes between PHL & CMH
Which one do you think is more scary? A #zombie outbreak (Resident Evil) or an #infected outbreak (28 Days Later)? Tell us why. Thanks! ^NE
Thanks for the follow !
Can you tell I said I was sorry
I guess we ain't playing D tonight... #Heat come on!
I hate people with stink feet 1 word bakingsoda
I can't get enough of it! #morelies RT #LiesPeopleAlwaysTell Papyrus is my favorite font
Never forget those that gave you a helping hand, someday you will need them again.
TINK!?....Um, NO. It's only 2:30am here on the west coast!!!
And for the record, I'm rooting for a #kings vs. #Rangers #StanleyCup Final because NY vs. LA would be great for the
THAT is quite a long day. Good for you man.
It's better to be unhappy alone, than unhappy with someone
I came i saw i scrolled! lol
Getting ready to bring it to New York. Looking forward to meeting you guys.
We changed the format of our site and changed hosts!!!! We have A LOT more to offer on the site now! More apps, better chat features,
I'm tired On my way! Bac from jersey its all rainy then windy I saw like 20 accidents not try a be 21 lol
Everywhere in Baltimore is bullshit honestly
I don't smoke it but weed should be legal
Very interesting talk now on mid-century tourism in Savannah & Georgia.
where was that photo taken? the windows and the light in there are gorgeous.
do Ben & jerry have a jazzy flavor?
who a group singers looking for one more singer?
Excited to see and other awesome women biz leaders tonight
hey Frankie what's up? I'm so bored... :(
Have to run 16 miles today. My dilemma... Whether to do it before or after the potential tornado touchdown. Hm
no you didn't
What's Next for Nadal?: Fan's Thoughts - Yahoo! Sports
#InCollege you have no break whatsoever.
lmao no worries.
I want a tattoo
gr8 stuff..love ref to Caddyshack and Fast Times..
Of course.. Why wouldn't that be the case
my dads notification ringtone is the light saber noise. -.-
« « No female wants to be called a bitch, but once you put "bad" in front of it, these hoes feel honored.»»
if only we had sent them our prezi!
she writes storys O.o
The claustrophobic fear of an MRI this a.m.,was only heightened by the nurse saying"how about some Aerosmith while you're in there?"
Q. Why did the chicken run into the busy street? A. Because he hated his life.
its not your birthday
#FF We may disagree but I enjoy her work. If you are learning web dev and design, you need to follow her.
I'm sure McCain didn't get up because he's old. Right?
Woman inspires us to great things, and prevents us from achieving them. -- Dumas
Love the new #Optima ad. "Some call it ahead of its time. Others call it what it really is #Badass." Totally did a double take.
I tried looking it up and found like a thousand different solutions. :/
come home to UCLA bro...pac 12 is weak, you can put up #'s and go league....and youre gonna get that hometown support
chillin in the locks come vibe wit me
"Romantic Rain" i love this weather.... #designergigs #F³
You GUYS. Earlier I said I didn't know what to eat and NO ONE advised me on what to eat! Is the internet broken?
wow, someone is on one heck of a bender. Jose, this is an intervention. You need help
I wished I lived in Cali I wanna go to an ABDC taping so bad! I just need to move there already!
Awesome! is using our #socialoffers widget to offer 15% OFF!
Watching the U. S. 1% trying to sell an Iran war is like seeing a faded movie star in an infomercial. It's a plea for relevance.
OK, I just got around to reading the story about "gender reveal" parties. I guess I'm supposed to be outraged? Not really sure why.
UPS or FedEX need to pull up ASAP
Whoever gets back to me first on i-deal from is getting my vote!
I should be waking up in the woods in Florida right now...with underwear round my head...
Feeling unordinary today... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
do you not know what it means?
Off to the Med Center for client development meetings.
Ya well just got it and only have 5 followers so<U+E057>
lmao love you and salim hope y'all has fun tonight
you know what else is a problem, vomit words.
Still worried about your reading comprehension.
John Hull doesn't like Jon Marlott's opinion, so I say shut up.
I like how you're next to me and tweeted at me.. and now I'm doing it too! :p
I will note that just HTTP 1.1 RFC is 180 pages. RFC3920 and 3921 together are a bit less. Neither is simple.
Why make school start on a Thursday ? Ahaha people don't think . But I don't go back till next week on Tuesday :)
Wtf all my teachers been out like everyday it not fair there most likely at the beach enjoying the weather :-)
one dollar, two bags of gummy bears. it's like, nothing bad can ever happen!
Teams are being announced! Minutes away from gametime in MIlwaukee!
that's what you do when you don't have anything prepared.
If I ever get promoted to God, I'm totally gonna make nutella trees happen
Cutting niggas off , like a VARSITY coach !
Hey Hey Hey how it Going?
You run towards the mosque & temple but you never went into your true self. ~Baba Bulleh Shah
hahahahaha good point
Where is the stock market going from here???? What will work to help the ecomony???
Sometimes I think that some people are against texting me... cough cough... ;)
hahahahaha yes have fun ;)
liberal agenda
HA! With Four Loko, I'm not so sure you'll even need NyQuil! That shit's muy loko!
reading your tweet makes me hungry now..
and sitting with the best boyfriend in the world!
Been bumpin the old party cds from the boom boom room days. So many of these mcs fell off but great music/memories.
Er, what? There's a chance that one of my cats will wear a bow tie, but she's not keen on leaving the house...
Why'd you go with the 7D?
Chilling wit my kids
RT Remember this: Everything you do brings you closer to or further from your goal.
Trent Reznor just won an Oscar
RT "Sitting in my seat waiting for trace adkins to take the stage!!!" Hope y'all are having fun at the Palace!
the buggy will be on the streets this summer!
I'm at the Sacramento #CCLI workshop on embedded librarianship. Packed house.
I'm usually studying people in city settings. Don't get out in the "wilderness" like you dirt guys too much. At least, not yet :)
Have a good night everyone!
haha...awesome. Best high school job ever!
Hello??? She wasn't talking about HER freaking birth control. She was talking about women in general. Read her testimony.
What does doing both of those things at the same make me?
“Success always comes when preparation meets opportunity”
Know that emptiness is an illusion. No matter how much you have suffered, your soul sees you as whole.
I MISS ALL OF YOU!
"There was something in that voice...that spoke to people around the world." -- Loren Schoenberg on Louis Armstrong.
Yes, MI3 was good. Loved Keri Russell's scenes in the beginning but DIDN'T love the wife plot. LOVED Maggie Q, too!
“: Matter is a myth . Consciousness is reality. Don't be bamboozled by a hallucination.” Gravity too?
Go to Qazis in Freemont. Cheap and informal, but most authentic Indian food I've found here.
If they're smart, they are. Well, maybe not smart. Drunk, perhaps. Or something. What were we talking about again?
wish we could be at 's Non-Profit Networking event tonight. there's always next year!
When seeking Truth, go no farther than your heart.
Buckeyes come out rollin' over Dukies in front of entire NBA apparently
I'll be there
Applications will be coming out soon for the 2012 Market!
What you resist persists. ~ Robert Collier
so im finna hit this shower had a long day
She! Smart boys :-)
Hm what to do today
Idea: App that allows you to check in on Foursquare and Yelp with one click.
Happy Easter everyone!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Why I haven't seen such a Whiny look on someone's face since...well...Bobby Valentine.
phinally some runs!!
movies with k jizzle!
forget the haters - this is your team and personally I am glad it is... Keep grinding. Forget the
Thanks for the shout out!
loading into Swedish Hall in SF, new Death Cab playing on the PA. I say we play a show together.
brrrrrr, it's 67 and I have my blanket, enjoy your snow! ;-)
Hey everybody! :D
haha lil wayne cant find the mic on mtv movie awards. oh well hopefully he gets to sing instead!
Lakers got me stressed right now.
why do u hava a new twitter ?
trippen off my lil sis, dont know how to be a big sister and a friend!!!! uUUGGhh!she is only 15 years OLD !!
Can those pictures make it on ggurls?
so tired from church but I love going there
Break a bitch heart. No future, miss Cleo.
RT Sorry I missed yesterday's mtg, but glad decided to speak out at Southwood today!; Thanks!
What a lineup!
Thanks for the retweet!
No one wants to hear you chew your gum!! Stop!!!
ABSOLUTELY , POSITIVELY , TOTALLY MAVVVVVVELOUS!!!! ONE FOR ALL, ALL FOR ONE!!! CONGRATS, MAVS!!
Sorry for party rocking.
Hey all! is back!
Heading to Urbana. Anyone else going to be there?
You're married! Congrats!
Happy New Year! Don't drink and drive. Be Safe. -CLUB$
day ruined :( I was so excited for wednesday
pssst save me some :P
thank you so much for making the delicious Costa Rican coffee this morning from !
2011.08.09 #Brewers 5 #Cardinals 3 | Extra inning win / over Central rival Cards / stretch lead to four games
Good Morning West Coast Followers!
Baby take a chance or you never ever know..
I can't wait to present at the CREAL Conference this May!!
Discussing order of preference of original Starburst flavors with Mine: pink, orange, red, yellow. What's yours?
half-life is shortest on twitter, longer on fb, youtube longest
goshh drijack i will dude okay ! i get out june 1st
I'm admitting that I'm watching WWE with my hubby right now only because they're spraying Olympia beer everywhere!
Thanks for the RT - see you Friday!!
Sally is all holier than thou now.
Hey big Guess what?? Your little got the Debs Award!
that's awesome. Great to meet you!
Oh yeahh and no I.D. check ;) haha. well this gdp is purple af & it smells M M M! ;p me too! the trapeze artist though ! <3
The debt ceiling reminds me of the Charlie & the Chocolate Factory scene when Charlie & grandpa burped to escape the deadly ceiling fan.
Wagons east!
that was just a screen shot of a couple lines from Friday! SHA2013, and related searches, account for 4th highest query.
I can't come up with the word to explain how bad bryzgalov has been.
good luck! :)
I aint never seen you round here before, where you reside?
ok Ravens lets play like a raven today
if this is happening now I can imagine what will happen on census day. I might not be able to get in to arbitrate...oh well
Sock Summit!! What a genius plan!
is a wackadoodle
tehehe. Thank you. And i was making sure the visible ones wouldn't prevebt me from a job. 3 good unsaggable places for tats
proud to rock it
...and now a member of The Recording Academy (home to The GRAMMYs).
#1thingicantstand, Paying full price for anything, so Heart of the King is now on so go there to get your 50% off tickets.
omg my stomach hurts
A Lot Of Y'all Niggaz On Twitter Ain't Doin Big Thangs!!In #RealLife Y'all Livin Check 2 Check!!
she looks like my baby red
depends on #shanban wheel of justice!
you can eat sweets tomorrow! Lent officially ends tonight. But Sunday is fine too.
Angels walk off, win 5-4 in extra frames
If you had to go vegan for some "gun to your head" kinda reason. What would you miss most? Bacon? Cheese? I'm. Gonna say bacon and cheese.
NBA playoffs! Nothing like it. Let's get these games going! MFFL
huh? what are you talking about? what tattoo?
RT : "If you don't have a PM you're shooting yourself in the foot" #cdmug #drupal presentation.
Out the gate Cal Supreme 17's rolls over the Pumps without Parker Cartwright .
S/O to Thanks fam!
Morso Express is available to Georgetown University students with GoCards
I love it when you find random numbers that coincidentally end up being the same. It gives me this magical feeling for some reason.
Super excited for first day!
Man I'm so sleepy
What a week...played Reggae Friday, good auditions today and yesterday and just got cast in a feature shooting in two weeks! God is great!
Clint Hurdle is trolling us so hard this game.
So many pregnant women and babies at this Starbucks. Is it contagious? Should I be worried?
I think he told me that a time or two also lmao
Is on foot!
jon is awake from his twitter nap
Agreed. Next month we need to make steaks, grilled chicken, etc.
It must be really nice out, I've seen a few "daisy dukes" tweets...lol
kicking back with a movie. Its 10pm here Down Under :)
Indeed I do...We go back like nap mats and sippy cups.
96.1 plays the same 7 songs all day
that's what it do, playboy!
Mistakes are the portals of discovery ~ James Joyce
Can't wait to hear all about it! Let's link for dinner next week? I'll reach out soon to set a date.
so I don't own a single piece of merch for a single band at bamboozle this year.
It's a great day for a baseball game.
Don't batch all of us into that. C'mon now
It's now official. When it comes to putting players in the NBA, Louisville is the 3rd best program in the state of Kentucky."
Going to be covering the Small Boutique Fashion Week show on Saturday super excited to see and film these emerging designers.
I did! It was so much fun! Where were you? :0)
seeing more #nonprofit funders looking for innovative proposals, we can be your innovative research partner :)
"What are you playing at?" "Words. Words! They're all we have to go on!" ~ Tom Stoppard's "Rosencrantz & Guildenstern Are Dead"
It's challenging, that's for sure!
LETS RUN THE SAME PLAY 4 TIMES IN A ROW FROM THE GOAL LINE AND HOPE WE SCORE...THIS IS WHY YOUR PROGRAM SUCKS...
: today would be a perfect day to let customers pay via text on their phone for food. Text me for more info 9164206020
I need a boyfriend so when my friends ditch me, I always have someone there for me.
oh... yeah. i get that. ok, for you: cheese.
Another day ready to help some dads see their kids. BRING IT!
i need help with this protons neuton quiz
Ok. Day 1. Only 35 mi. but a good start. New friends at Growing Home organic farm in Marseilles, IL. & some helpful extra maps, too.
I'm too fly to be depressed
Haha, that's pretty good.
So glad that fun people like find me on here! :)
We created the system you play in
Excavator Clay Burrowing Substrate 10lb
Is it s birthday??
beautiful venue!
Florida State's President has me legit LOLing.
Sorry, any condolence, we live in Texas
Hahahahaha. That's so funny.
thank you!! and thanks for that isthmus twitter profile! :) you got me going here!
"The child’s father and mother marveled at what was said about him." --Luke 2:33 (NIV)
as my daddy always says, "then you're doing it wrong."
New post: CLARION THD400
me neither girl! And watching him get dumped? And seeing him fall in love with a girl who never liked him?
Too early RT : OK we got Gary to hit that absurdly long 3. Now put in Patty Mills
I love my life too much to care about materials I love you babe even though we have so many fall outs
Elivate and Dominate :
Single ladies, write a ltr 2 a solider. U never know :)
Obvious that the Refs have Memphis picked in there brackets.
hey! Nice twitter avatar. #wink wink :)
Hey, , it looks like your account has been hacked and you're sending out DM Spam, bud. Time to change your password.
Sally ate fish!
After voting the recall, talked w/ son's phenomenal 2nd grade teacher who is getting pushed to WI retirement. Losing good people.
Why is it that when u want to sleep the whole world seems to conspire against u. Wtf
Had to show firewall consultant how to setup hyperterm after he failed with putty. Seriously how does he have a job?
(1/2) Heard from many ppl who said didn't care who Dem candidate was/didn't vote today, just want to recall Walker 6/5...
Anyone with a video game system for a name is legit. Too bad my parents didn't name me Xbox.
I wish I were still there! I so wanted to be there for this. And for Shloss. Apparently October was a good month for Joyce at HRC.
DONE AND DONE.
As much as I hate this class, in a weird way I'm gonna miss it.
it makes sense...just try not to let the little things bother you! Hard to do tho
clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose
The only good thing coming out of this surgery is the sleep u get on anesthesia
So close. Have a negroni.
Hearing Shane Snow of at Writers should check it out.
It changes things for the better lmao
Do you think that Gomez bunt was a play that R put on? Or did Gomez just throw it down?
Then no one dies nigga...lets secretly kill doe
it's been hacked, sist :((
Congrats on the move - is lucky to have you!
hope you feel better soon!
Thank you so much!!!!
and these past two weeks I've been in contact with nothing but these people ...
Thanks for following. Took a look at your site. Nicely done!
yes sir!
Almost done bootcamping the MacBook. Gotsta make a run for a cafine infested drink and then time for Ripley to kick some ass!
Thanks for following! How did you hear about us? I see your a youth ministry.... where are you located out of?
Queen Victoria's Bomb by Clark for retrofuturist tech speculation, but Moorcock for tone
Chipotle. I have a house inside of there.
Madelou: "the story is the same...what changes is the minds of those who receive"
"I Love Haulin' Oats, Maneater": Condescension as Integral Component of Agrarian Perspectives on Cannibal Culture
I wanna disapear sometimes..
My son's roommate is from there. I met his mom & will alert her. More info on website? What a great venue for you and ALICE!
Two hours left until were in LDN
Providing Discounts for Group Reservations visit our site and Seclect OUR SERVICES. www.myvegaspeople.com
#incaseyoudidntknow tomorrow will be thee best day of my life
Will smith ur So cool!:) Awesome tweets!! :)
Awesome idea - I began my godforsaken career in Detroit. Good luck to you!
Congrats on the emerging leaders program! It's a big honor!
has a grown ass woman crush on LupeFiasco. Shhhh....don't tell anyone.
Thanks for the tip. I'll definitely check it out. Did you see #WeBoughtaZoo? The #CameronCrowe faithful have to stick together.
Things looking real funny right now but God knows so I go forward and never look back shit happens for a reason I always believe that
good to know. And yes it was gold plated. Not as good as the showcase where Kristen wiig couldn't stop laughing
what are you talking abou?!
are you going to run or watch GOP cut bait?
Miracles are of all sizes. And if you start believing in little miracles, you can work up to the bigger ones.
Book me !!!!!!! Thursday and Friday open to make more money to spend :-)
that you a big ass freak yourself waiting on yours lol
That's 11 points for Leonard. Spurs lead 56-30.
Congratulations to a couple of great DD fans! Welcome home to RT : So proud at Purdue graduation
OMG!! Its so a Beautiful!!<U+2665>
Happy birthday to you, !!!
That's usually what I start doing right before I stab someone. Go eat something with protein.
Today is ! What or how are you giving today?
Oh, Grey's Anatomy. I thought I quit you.
Looking for local foodies to follow over Would love to be able to search twitter users by interest and location. Possible?
it's all in a days work
thank you for your words
RT : The song of the birds and waterfall outside Powell Library is so therapeutic.
Can the refs give everyone a T?!?!
this chick in my profile page is standing on her toes- makes me look 5"10 - wait I am 5"10 ... Lol
probably in the dugout
My two favorite girls
Not good if you have teens at home :-)
first stop, Amsterdam with
Bruh you don't even know. She got buddy tryin to pay for my food to show off and get in good with the team <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
You can post your complaint in alt.chrome.supported.protocols
Revelations of university&#39;s secret deal outrages staff
I swear....WHEN I FIND OUT WHO KEEPS POSTING THIS SHIT I WILL BREAK OFF MY FOOT IN YOUR ASS!!!!!
( #youknowyourejamaicanif you have aunty name sum like Patsy, Pam, Andrea, Audrey, Nadine, Cassie etc.) how they know that?
and I'm Always multi-tasking!
Especially since they didn't want to pay anywhere near full price. V
Catch all the games tonight at Monks!! Specials on drinks to come for all Monks Twitter followers. UC? or OSU?...
I created one last nt gonna post later :)
i havnt really been on :/
consider the oyster
20% off handbags, wallets and clothing ALL weekend when you mention this tweet!
i thought i was the only one... haha
POP GOES THE GIO PLAY THIS WEEKEND AT 3160 ON FRIDAY AND SERINITY LOUNGE ON SATURDAY CHECK OUT WWW.POPGOESTHEGIO.COM
Down, I have that P90X, I still haven't tried.
Sailing hero told no wheelchairs allowed
Finally heading home after a long ass day
BTW, have you heard of the Meatball Shop in Brooklyn? Maybe is the same idea ;)
GOODMORNING!! IF YOU'RE BEST IS NOT ENOUGH.. GIVE MORE!!!!
Fitness Center laundry facilities temporarily down...please bring your own towel thru 4/26. Thanks!
well said “: Big time ups for that. We need more lifelong families to do that.”
Blissfully and completely happy! Goodnight, moon. :)
Lord grant me the strength to climb out of the YouTube trance I'm in.
... blegh nvm it says they are "temporarily over capacity" even if you've been invitedd, wahh too sloww
Filling out an IT skills survey for work. Surreal putting 20 years of experience for some things.
I hear that Amare really "packs a punch"
#fact RT : Things it does take two for: 1) making a thing go right 2) making it out of sight.
Tonight I plan on getting shit balls drunk and shamelessly hitting on and
polygamists & joseph smith > pot smoking hipsters and occupy commies
Moms said she just wanna chill by the pool & drink . Fine w me !
THANK YOU! :)
God, these #postseason games are stressing me the FUCK out.
Trust me..this country is in much greater danger than worrying about if Adam can legally marry eve's uncle Tim.
Happy Hump Day!
Covered in chocolate.
The pad is goin hard rite now
my fone was being stupid and I had a lots of ppl texting me tht why?
I'm tired of society guilting me into wanting abs. F-YOU!! If you need me I'll be doing cardio and crunches the next hour. Lol!!
Followed! I have to tell you that it's Follow back and not Fallow back :)
I miss the old times where I quite loved every episode but now every episode is sad !!!
agreed. Everyone was screaming for it. Baseman just doesn't have it
I don't need a holiday to drink tequila and make bad decisions.
oh well thats great
It's one step above Thunder Up: Tornado Up.
You got's it! Only thing we know for sure is that Metta's a little "out there."
: shoot i don't either.! Tehe you too & okie dokie, you go mimis.! =) nighty night.
firework please!
gosh that would be helpful then ur moms like do u have another pair and your like ya i carry a extra pair with me
Joanne - you're so welcome - I'll take that blessing! :-)
- Always plan for the comeback Slick.....bigger, faster, stronger!
dude! Next week when its not crazy come sign my year book! Lol
:o You're B-Girl skills are...
Pride and prejudice: Pride impacts racism and homophobia
Just got the new twitter...I don't like writing on the left side :(
Good question. I would think this would be a family document.
tweet tweet<3 sorry I forgot ill do one everyday after swimming like I said(:
Who is "he" there? The master or Douglass?
nothing much wbu??
Hey Rowan, not sure- haven't been invited yet!
I will steal you Poster
I hope that amazing things come out of this for her.
omg Jill Scott storytellers comes on Monday...
maddi i need to talk kan u talk?
If you are bothered by the TRUTH than you must be living a lie!
I miss my dog so fucking much. It saddens me. I'll never see him again.
The web video conferencing the business professionals could organize their meetings daily.
Thanks to for organizing everything for the tutorial today!
mase is that dude!!
Problems with Roland. He's now my ex lol. But I'm happy for you & you're very welcome :D
very talented animator of the film Murray John designed mouth.
what photo?
just busy!
Are your legs out ?
On a positive note I'm digging Craig Sagar's suit!
that's where I'm at right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
...that is to so true!!!Bravisimo!!!
so i should stop
The best restaurants in Chinatown are usually NOT listed on Yelp.
hey can help me with something ?
$74 for a 60-Minute Private Flight Lesson Over Dallas from Monarch Air ($149 Value)
Copy paste stuck in my head
Lol 0.o Maybe thats why you guys didn't get along.... perhaps too alike....
already at a cruising altitude of 420 ft!
He can't even make free throws smh
big clearence sale!! evey pair left of this collection of guie shoes $50! welcome spring back in style and get a pair of guie shoes!
Take it home & let bubble up, that's the Double Up! If you get in Trouble that just means you Fucking Up!
Success is often the result of taking a misstep in the right direction. - Al Bernstein
You always get SO much food on #NoReservations, who eats what you can't?
its time to get down to brass tax
If Vinnie Chulk were worth a damn, his eyebrows would certainly have their own Twitter account by now.
I-hop after prom cool shit ..
I like that background lol and your blog is nice man keep doing your thing
I wanna learn how to dance like them!!!
I know me too :) I miss you
Me: duck quesadilla (no goat cheese), wild striped bass w spinach and potato cake. Islander (grapefruit vodka & grapefruit Izze).
Good idea, there's a few great sites for cycling that are similar to what you're talking about
Tinkle berry I miss you!!!!
word u still up there? And I think its in logic
some heat fans too lol
It's too hot, it's too cold, my skin is crawling, I can't get comfortable or sleep, I thought I would be done with this fever by now.
I refuse to let my fears and insecurities speak louder than God's voice
My bad, I didn't know it was cute to correct some one on spelling .. This is twitter not english
": OH MY GOD!!! mine just transformed into a black eye!" -LOL! Feelya. Mine happened RIGHT b4 my review. Kage was like, "oh"
I will have blonde hair by this time next week.
Omg, bunnies! <3
A win is a win, but an ugly one.
Well that was 3 1/2 hours of my life i'll never get back
Tauruses still haunting you huh?! Kmsl. Oh, Clarence!
We finished 3-1 tonight..Also sent a lean out on Fresno st +5.5 . March Madness special only $99 includes all games thru April 15th
You were so right about adults wearing them too! Yet was still a shock to see it w/ my own eyes.
jazz on mic is auditioning for the next global jazz band. Send audition link to ( cash price 250,000.00) GD LUCK
Yep, if the Lakers lose tomorrow all slandered is redirected, we just gotta accept these rules of etiquette lol
FNL is life-changing television. We could have IC viewing parties but season 5 was the end. Netflix nights?
screw Colin. He ripped RODGERS ALL YEAR.... Kept saying he was arrogant, etc.... He ripped GB totally hard several times.
At our cat hospital, we have your biz class net. It is turned off every Saturday night, & our business is affected every Sunday
guitar background & I'm better at the guitar than beat programming. I'm trying to make the guitar centered electronic thing work
Congrats all the best to you Ally and Bergen!
Im gona save my resolutions till 2013 since the world might end before that lol
#kids Mother Goose Storytime at West Irving Public Library, Wed, May 16 10:30a: Mother Goose Storytime is recommended for children ages 6...
lots of fans? Where?
when you bringin the macadellic tour home? (:
It's go time.
Not liking that Harvard/Vandy matchup for my Crimson either...
Yummy! Add some bacon and basil if you have! Trust me. Delicious.
i just love it when everybody i work with decides to fuck me over at the same time
iPhone users: snap chat me.
Good parenting RT : My mama ALWAYS calls/text whenever it rains/storms...always!! "Hey are you at home" ....
“: how u and ur friend the water buffalo? aka ox...haha. #peace”. <<<< shots fired!! Lol.
hi can u wish me good luck tomorrow i have terra novas?
Sure. talking about a floor level of support. I just caution money = viability notion. Primarily a political outsider myself.
tHEY SELL IN THE UK AT TK MAXX IN THE UK
Re-reading the QDDR & Natn'l Security Strategy for work. In other words...
I'm actually going to the event in Chicago! Figured since I'll be there I should take advantage of it.
#Surprise good seeing everyone
Should have fallen down!
Follow me on instagram -
Today tell her she's beautiful...
Oh! Can't wait!!! We will definitely have the time of our lives!
Seattle, you're beautiful this morning.
daytime bad for you?
Thinking of my friend who's #autism son was kicked out of after school program. She's not sure what to do today. :(
how many won the regular season conference title? How many games did they have to play to get to this pt?
Just did my morning work out, watching "pumping Iron" I feel like a piece of erotic chocolate ....
Big Bang Theory is a good one!
Quiet ones give me a peace of mind, call em' smart mouths.
okay, that was hilarious.
IS NOW FOLLOWING ME!!!! MY MONDAY= INSTANTLY BETTER <3
I didn't know. Wanna vent?
Come on #knicks we need this W
I've never received a Lexus for Xmas. According to their commercial it's fairly common. Just putting out there if anyone thinking gift ideas
mr. nash, are you still at LI?
Sounds awesome! Let me know whenever you plan on going again.
RT : If you are a hockey fan&you aren't loving this #LAKings team, you don't deserve to watch the sport. It's "Show Time" on ice.
We had to do what we had to do. :)
We are slowly approaching 300 followers. What should we do to celebrate? Contest? Client Swag? Other?
I've been reading "Here Comes Daredevil" by Pretty damn good. Check it out.
word smashing some #wine on a #Tuesday night lol. Kick back relax.
Time for a Parkville Giving Circle???
If the AP tent doesn't let me take a picture with you I'll commit suicide haha
Tonight: friends in NoHo, come on out for a FREE comedy show with an amazing line-up at the HaHa Cafe 8pm!
Super Mystery Jackpot song clue of the day :The title of this song would almost surely mean death to those involved. the pot is up to $60 :)
WE NEED A TABLE READ ASAP ILL HELP YOU WITH THE REST OF THE MOVIE
Talking to my bestfrienddddddd
Cell Phone Numbers Go Public next month. To prevent this, call the following number from your cell phone: 888-382-1222
But it sounds like it does, but just in different ways.
On my way to see my besties & one of the best designers I know!!
thank you! We can share zen nuggets
I think you're friend could use these tips to get buns like you
lets go to cedar point nigga !
Can you email this to Romney, so he can crucify the presi....uh...I mean...relay some facts to the people?
Next Generation Streaming App Puts Focus on Artist Profit
Gates are open and people are pouring into #CarolinaRebellion!
I lived how she destroyed that sundae and then finished off thally's!!!!
Anyone else A/B test makeup on opposite sides of your face? Just checking.
What a day. Tried boating but only made it an hour. Too windy. Time for #Badgers football
Headed back to Philly will miss all the ease of eating delicious vegan food in the city!
We just became your 200th follower. Big Deal Russell.
adventure time come on grab your friends we'll go to very distant lands :D
The best buzz I'm ever gonna find Hey I'm a little drunk on you And high on summertime <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> absolutely love Luke Bryan <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
Fill up on a good healthy meal before your cinco de mayo margaritas, come in to and enjoy,
put money on the 19 horse to win ....the names "I'll have anozer"
RT RT I like funny people. A lot.
Yep, the audience member was queer (and author but I cont not to fault author just thought triangulation was classic).
ya, what is oprah gonna do money wise when her show is over...
I was goin got do my laundry today but we have storms coming in so I have to wait till tomorrow.
you actually like that show :)
Paw an law who'll hush
I'm up this early & I don't know why.... Time to get back to snoozing & dreaming . :D
...you'd actually have been in excellent company.
is the only one who understands me
"Bold funeral flavors". Hahahaha...man, that's rich, so rich.
Awesome! And with plenty of advance notice. :) I'll be there!
haha! I made a promo out of his interview and used "Baby I Like It" as the music. Seemed like a good choice!
hey and i changed my profile pic do u guys like it:) !?!?!
Just block the spammers. There was <10 and the stream clears up pretty quickly. We've had lives tweets on screen all day.
I brought my pencil...
$60 is steep for me, too. But most cities have plenty of people who could afford that. They just aren't interested.
There is no free lunch, u either pay w/ $ or pay w/ your data. Some1 once say, if it doesn't cost $, then u are the product
You are invited to enter the Toshiba Canvio 500 Hard Drive giveaway on AllDayGiveAways.com via
Roll up for release Plaxico! Time Served.
I mean, a great piece of work is a great piece of work, and I'm up for good work anytime
Ha! They just don't fold properly.
Rick Santorum, you are a strong, Christian queen...but your sweater vests left the judges feeling cold. Now, sashay...away.
HAHAHA, it does make it hard!
Thank you always for your lovely
Watching pimp my ride and I think of hahhaahhaah
call mr
Thanks for RT
Gotcha. Was asking b/c as an SEO myself, I think "guarantees" are red flags and unnecessary (for organic). Thx for responding.
bitches always on that, "text me first," shit - let it be known that as of today i'm done texting bitches first.
if you run into any vampire creatures... try to make peace rather than killing them...
So true. -> “What rationale for party membership is there anymore, except an enemy-shaped hole in your heart?” — via
"I'm going to make sure you have the absolute best sweet 16. I will do everything possible to make it happen" - My brother. AWW <3
Mos Def. You gotta a love team that never gives up no matter what. That plays for a full 40 mins.
is gonna win a vma tonight!!! hell yeah
no sir, it's not.
Thank you to Andrea Sanders for booking with us today.We look forward to being your entertainment at your wedding in May 2013.
Happy #FF & happy to be kicking off #Muse2012 tonight
yes, just tweet the hashtag WITH the link. once the vid reaches 50,000 views the city with the most tweets will win points :)
We hope all is well out there La Salita Nation!!!
Now following and looking forward to the inappropriateness!
If you listen to your fears, you'll die never knowing what a brilliant person you might have been.
I wish the best for them. Either way. They gave us what we wanted most.
#beer & #baseball. Doesn't get anymore American than this.
Just ate for the first time since yesterday morning.. and I wasn't even hungry..
Bill Belichick - convicted cheater
who doesn't? :)
I love enchiladas!
what time did you get to ES WS? I got there right at 7am and there was a line down the street!
Vector, Rockwell, & Frutiger are good dog names. You have to be able to yell the name at the top of your lungs.
In my dreams, you're mine. In my life, you're a dream... That's fucking sucks!!
Cuz I hate this damn day! Wish I could jus sleep thru it!
Ava still loves him. Ugh!
+vamp u r. no matter what i will always love u
TY for the mention! Have a great Friday and weekend.
Hoping I can accomplish my goal on this NY trip of being consultant and Re- Glamifying my two best girlfriends.
I assume you've already got the emergence of new professional voices (eg ) in professional dialogue
how about them Tar Heels
School isn't the place for me right now <U+E403><U+E058>
Weeded out extraneous choices for the rest of the week and Easter and am concentrating on just those now. Feeling a little less stressed.
I didn't know it still existed thats pretty cool :) which one?
Nothing beats a French press coffee break on a cold, sunny day! (Except maybe a winter ale.) Glad you enjoyed!
oy same here. :(
Your friend, is ON THE AIR! Gonna give away some Holiday World tix this hour, listen to know when to call!
Last day of this online class and onto another five weeks *2013*
Yeah I need to start!
OH: i was trying to juggle.
Wanna get home and nap i feel like shit :(
or buy an easily upgradable (if such a thing) windows laptop.... or screw it, just buy an iPad? haha
Waah... Just burnt my tongue with Dunkacinno....
Martin Accorsi testing out Twitter more to come!!!!
of course (:
Had a great weekend with nephew...he's home now and the house seems empty.
let me kno wen u ready add my gamer tag yo kb the beast24
Just ate my lunch for breakfast. This can't be a good sign :-/
Don't wanna go to school tomorrow...
we hope you had a great time!
Thanks for the follow - hope you enjoy the book reviews!
wow my timeline says the same thing and i love sourpatch kids in general
So sad Tilda Swinton didn't get an Oscar nomination for We Need To Talk About Kevin.
your drummer is fucking amazing !
Rewatched "The Cat and the Canary" (1927). Silent masterpiece about "the reading of the will" & a murderer on the loose.
Very welcome. Arg has broken my heart. I finally watched Comic Book Men tonight. So bad. :(
I can tell todays gonna be one of those shut the fuck up, i hate you,go die, days.
Drowning in tourists. Massive tour bus penned on Holyoke St this AM by furniture truck Traffic backed up blocks onto Mass Av.
The Movement Center in NE PDX is great + has community classes; you pay what you can--classes def. suitable for beginners :)
You need to be less MIA yo :)
it was amazing, thanks!
Tyler Perry's Studios are on fire!
when is it??
id peel it and feed it to you babe. Lol :-)
Good plans shape good decisions. That's why good planning helps to make elusive dreams come true. - Lester R. Bittell
CAN'T WAIT TILL U GET TO NORWAY IN A MONTH!!!!!<3<3
Lovin' Lean Forward #BlueBerryPie. Newt & Herman got pie on their hands.
Really wish that the Dallas cowboys went 0-16 like I wanted so we could draft Luck.
i def will its by palms i think u said right?
the long drive aint been wen ur well rested.
I will see what I can come up with brother. Happy early b-day!
Just stumbled upon a Lamborghini owner's gathering in Spanish Landing! Very cool!
Sorry! All my fault! Never happen again! :(
Dude, I think you are awesome! One day when im famous I wanna be friends. You seem like a sweet friend.
“: Hey great time Saturday, thank you for extending the invitation” Always great seeing you, bro! Good time had by all.
don't start it's too early lol
Man I don't feel like getting up for work sigh
Cubbies "Chulking" up one run after another. 2 out of three ain't bad.
Hopefully they have the results up tomorrow
Good morning from Upfront Consultants, how is everybody today?
Well done Penny Wong and Andrew Barr ... passionate, sensible, fair and it's time
How can a person still eat Burger King after getting a whiff of the place? The great winds of the deep fryer do not stimulate my appetite.
2nd option - major highway 2 days - not scenic at all. both ways you're looking at about 1000Km. I would consider ..........
FYI mikey ro was gonna take the bus and stop over my new place thursday night to hang and have a beer. You are welcome to join.
Mondays are horrible
did it 40 days & none of my family on board , so was tough! Am a #Flexitarian now ! Works for me !
SE Cooper in Parkville. REACTOR, Alistair and I use her, as well as several other folks in the industry.
I haven't seen you in quite a while...did you lose weight or something? you look smaller in your pics. Anyway, you look Great :)
The only thing between me and Texas is packing a bag and a flight tomorrow morning. But I dont want to pack!
“What you are will show in what you do.” -Thomas A. Edison
Original founders, Richard & Gus Camos, have changed the name of the Six Forks store to Camos Brothers Pizza, everything the same
thanks man. Looking forward to reading your tweets when I get up. Some days that's all the devotional I get!
RT : "Thx for the downtown love!"Great night #drinking & #dining in
fuck those niggas tell her you love her
don't be depressed. Take it as an opportunity to take advantage of couples day by stealing their chocolates. That's what I did.
Referring to the #Roswell #UFO Festival RT "Last time we went there was a dog dyed green dressed as an alien."
Couldn't believe instore prices at NAPA auto parts were 10% more than online - and they wouldn't honor the web price. Autozone got the sale
Anyone know why Penn.in front of White house partially/totally barricaded for past couple wks?
A one day trip to Seattle always seems like a better idea when I'm buying the ticket than when I'm waking up 3 hours early.
Those moments when you feel like punching the wall.
Dang. Tweet limit AGAIN
Groundhog Day playing on Country Music Television.
guess college is about leaving your comfort zone, I do that every weekend. Gotta get up for work too!
Morning staff meeting with Lots of good things coming to
bout to go to jam with some of my friends....... Just bout a new LES Paul elecric guitar
Rates are in the low 4s again....
lol least I won't fall down them on my own <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>still love u<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Anyone watching early games tomorrow?
Meeting w child care advocates this a.m. Shouldn't all child care in AL be inspected? It's not!
Im a regular RJ Berger
haha well i just embrace the fact that im white, and dont try
Being single gets pretty boring but then again fun at the same time!(;
This grizzlies game is much better than the NCAA game
YOU'RE GETTING OLD ON ME! :( Hahahahaha just kidding!
The NBA is getting younger. A new era of players has emerged and the #Lakers are at playing catch-up.
sounds delightful.
Clean and possitive thoughts makes the mind wiser O_o
Crazy #hail in north
I'm always ready =)) RT": I have a mid-term exam on sunday, be prepared darling I'll need your help (<U+0283><U+2323><U+01AA>) #MyLife-Saver<3"
omg yes i just seen it... it's a mess girl
Prof said he was going to let us out at 7 rather than 9 for hawks game. He was kidding. Not cool.
For the last 6 years I've said that I'm done reading Dinosaur Comics. Every day I read it anyway. Every day I'm disappointed.
And its Tuesday -
I need summer now.
switching from bash?
thesis student asked me to be on committee. Will read all McCarthy again this summer.
"What happens in Vegas, stays on Facebook, YouTube, & Twitter" :)
I'm hungry.
Sweet, Bob Dylan is on Spotify now.
do you knw the name of the song she is singing?
That Hartnell pass should be featured by UPS in a Logistics commercial.
Thank you! I hope you enjoy it.
we are playing a free show at Peabodys next Friday
i didnt laugh
Girl where are your TEETH.
first 3k words of 40k have been edited - took me 4 hours! :( - & moved to a doc for my editor working on first read
Man I would be a little disappointed if steelers drafted Poe tonight. Also the Pirates are above .500 team. Time to stop underachieving
im so fucking bored
I kove the whole Manning famiy. Great job Eli.
I feel like crying right now nothing ever goes as planned I need a car
How's your #weightloss going so far? You're using #HCG, right? :D
really ask a girl out on new years?
Thanks for posting the Esbjorn Trio link. I only knew the name, not heard them before. Great stuff! Real shame about the pianist.
Hsi Lai Temple celebrates Buddha's birthday in Hacienda Heights - San Gabriel Valley Tribune
Wish I was..things would be different...and better!!! RT You mean you're not the "Pigskin Illuminati"!
I wanna have a drink with Sid Dobrin.
Corporate Valuation Advisors Opens New York Office
Tin For Man is a rock and roll band from San Francisco. Not too hard and not too soft. We're like the third bowl of porridge: just right.
Good Fest. Have a good time?
Be back in LA soon.
Police are still waiting for the coroner to release cause of death
I would follow up with an evil laugh for full effect.
I like the block carrying as long as they can only pick up things like dirt and sand.
thanks for checking it out : )
I'll save a cupcake for you! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
What did the Easter Bunny bring you? Anything good?
oh yeah.. today's cinco de mayo. celebrating by eating some chips with salsa con queso by myself.
My lack of current state ID and inability to go out for a drink, or even buy booze to bring home... is ultra depressing.
Iam not trying to hurt you .
Thank you and Happy Friday!
Intense concentration on our goals overpowers our qualms, fears and doubts. Dennis Deaton, "Ownership Spirit"
Wow Esmeranda Spaulding nominated for Artist if the year.
thinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthinkthink STOP THINKING
You should have pointed out which of you was more likely to ever be on Raw.
Thanks to everyone who came out for last night! It was a blast!
I gasped aloud when I found out why Junior Seau was trending (I was at USC when he was). I saw he had a TV show; I thought he was dong fine!
Good bang for your buck in the MIchSt/Geo game...
seriously I think I just did a full days worth of work by 10:30. time to settle down a bit.
Hey they call me ms.peach and u look like a model from abrecomby and finch
I miss you to
YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL!!! hahaha c:
Yea #Cotto get him
yes sir. Almost to
Dark blue, dark blue, have you ever been alone in a crowded room?
I was in the theater for 3 hours 17 minutes
just missed the cutoff to see a private screening of #Avengers. Overbooked and over subscribed.
when are you coming to Florida?! (:
70 is for HD
TONIGHT!!!!! from 7-9pm listen to Josh McLane's new radio show, Don't be Afraid of the Rock, on wrugradio.com!!! Music for the Ages.
You know it's a good session when the closing statement is "bar's open!"
If eye-rolling burned calories, women would never have to diet
they showed a lot of poise down the stretch...executed well. pulling really hard for them
Who's got their #summer #fashion picked out?
im sending mines off Sat.
Balk got it NODP
You are the best! RT : #FF Special Friends in Law :) and (via )
hell nawl ion need that call, its 2 fuckin late now
went to bed early last night and i watched your AGT and it was really good :)
It feels surreal that Steve died yesterday...sleep is elusive. Here's to the crazy ones...
This would be the most active Twitter account EVER.
but hey, what do you expect from a glorified community college?
This class pointless
Good morning and Happy Fat Tuesday!!
I'm amazed at grad students who come dressed unprofessionally, are unprepared, or don't take school seriously
If you haven't tried our brunch yet, what else are you doing on Saturdays? ;) Retweet if you're coming this weekend!
Still Me.
Until last night's 4-0 L to the Angels the #Twins had been the last #MLB team with no shutout W or L.
In the battle of #LDvCD the only losers are the poor people listening to the commentary on Fox Soccer.
Can't wait for warped tour, seriously excited.
#FF Shout outs to Look forward to a productive next week
like that.
Hmm. Volterra in Ballard for a weekend breakfast? Yea or Nay?
On the flip side, folks in the know need to not be dicks about answering questions.
breakfast burrito day at my work <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
re: Josh's point about bias. If every archive has an inherent bias who shd take responsibility 4 revealing this bias?
Ina Drew (JP Morgan) made $14 Million last year. Shouldn't have lost that 2 billion in London...
Give her something for Valentines day that will remind her of you everyday! Bath and Body Bistro has it! 110 Morningside NE.
Alright either release Hoffman or tell him he needs to retire.
If you say "ish," please proceed to kill yourself.
lol it's ok
“: I love me some H-Town !! Ask my friends . R.I.P Dino ( fine self ) #TrueFan”
When passion overshadows principle, you always lose.
he was so funny! He was like "breaking news! Earthquake in pizza uno!" :p
Host it at @ Bank of America Stadium. Good idea????
I was born in a tropical storm,now I rage against ur shores,I'll sink ur boats in their ports,make ur rivers overpour,leave ur levies torn..
I LOVE my Legal Shield membership!! This thing is bomb. I just saved myself headache, time wasted and dollarz. Hollar! :)
The second issue of my Demo Club is out!
lol okay well yeah that's not good sleep....well take 9 shots of tequila and it won't make no nevermind!
such a good saying lol
At what point is the appalling disregard of #Crew96 by Columbus media no longer mere neglect, but manifest hostility?
Had a dream that I was meeting with my committee chair. I guess it's time for a meeting with my committee chair?
I'm down here in central FL, but driving to Jax for REI is just fine by me!
they seriously speak to my soul. it's wonderful.
RSVP is a great resource for the soon-to-be-retired find their purpose in encore career/volunteering
Reading from American Junkie at Third Place Books Ravenna in Seattle June 15th at 7PM
I am going to have such good news for this afternoon.
COME OUT TO #THERESERVE AUG 25th to help #LaBelleMafia PUT ON FOR OUR CITY!! COME SUPPORT HTOWN ARTISTS! Local Concert!!
yes? Theres 2. Did you not know this?
If I could get away with punching her in the face I would...him too.
RT of you are going to teach the Torrey Pines hill a lesson this Sunday at the
#FF Garden District Style
Yes: the range of vision and viewpoints re: #highered leadership is what makes #femlead so interesting!
Great job !!! Let's go #Boston!!!
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 4
: Army of Darkness? Groovy...
they dont even wanna know whats in my purse. my three things wouldn't be that.
After School naps >>>
Who the hell works out in jeans.....
DAMN! ITS BEEN A MINUTE TWITTER.... WATS REALLY GOOD?
you make me think the same thing. #BOOMROASTED im available for lessons if you need em
do u think, she's a Bad Ass!
Greg Williams
SpringBreak? Outside almost everyday with the niggas.
Be careful Satan is very deceptive cuz he lies/ the power of prayer is magnificent cuz god replies/
Can't wait for summer!
when you see shots of Newt without his suit jacket on you really get a sense of how unbelievably fat he is. That is all.
Leonard Linde, you've won a Tier 1 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
it starts getting real when you go back and reread the cute text messages..
Lakers didn't come to play, don't look good.
Alright sounds like the excitement is over, back to our regularly scheduled program :)
me... I'm the lucky guy
KILL+MODE= SUCCESS
thank you!
Dear North Carolina, now when we're driving from Florida to New York, we'll be sure to not spend a penny in your state.
nm hbu babez? Haai do you have a cell? We could text(:
If you were a cartoon character, you'd be Perry the Platypus. And if you don't know what I'm talking about then I take it back.
Me to!!!! RT : The lottery is at 476 million dollars. Guess who is gonna be playing today?
thanks guys
Today's Attorneys Ft. Worth Office: 10 - 2 Barry Johnson; 2 - 5 Barry Johnson
yeah_i can assume that from your Twitter name= )))also your English is very very good!!!
The only true currency in this bankrupt world is what you share with someone else when your Un Cool~Lester Bang Almost Famous
Brenda Brenda Teaching Cochrane Library. One class down three to go!
thank you!!! :) RT : Hey ma thanks for the follow. Hit me up if you need any graphics love ;-)
Either someone's twitter has been hacked or someone really is saying "terrible things" about me.Entirely possible.I have been a jerk lately.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D> CANT YOU EVER COME TO CINCINNATI! I REALLY WANNA SEE YOU PREFORM LIVE BUT I DON'T WANNA LEAVE OHIO!
Madison police say crowd at Square is largest yet for this time of day. No word yet on if it's largest to date.
Long and stressful day at work? Need a drink ? Come to la Cofradia we got what you desire !
You will have a ton of fun! If you have any questions feel free to ask.
Old people EVERYWHERE. This place is the Ba-Bomb.
#reallybadChristmasjokes How do sheep in Mexico say Merry Christmas? Fleece Navidad!
What a G morning. Getting to it like its business hour.
well if the trend is just dexter it might be bout the show lol
Wayne Rooney: proof that hair transplants work.
Spill yourselves out before your mediums in stretch towards an ecstatic future that wars with art. Futurism is in the display case.
I need two #Drupal developers now. DM me stat!
Success is a team sport. No one rises to the top without the help and support of great people. Build your success team and prosper.
You wouldn't like other people telling you who you can love. So, why do it to others?
RT IF YOU LOVE CHICAGO!
thank you lol
MT : will be the speaker for the event. We are very excited to have him involved with the first Alumni Dinner
My barber just came in da building we sliding 4 lil bro
Just saw Hugo with Sir Ben Kingsley. Lovely.
Get past the IT Bandwith Police: Talk w/IT & find out restrictions beforehand. Sometimes setting up external site for internal use
Bored... Come Save Me!!!
#sacscoc We must help students make transition from behaviors that were effective in high school to behaviors effective in college.
Tuesdays are my favorite day of the week because of - Chalk up another win for Kick in a Box!
Listen to your children when they say that they see & hear invisible playmates. Your doubts cause them to lose that ability.
Sorry we missed this tweet on Friday. We were on twitter break. Hope you found some tasty eats! :)
Oh back to back victories equals first series win this year!!
I thought you'd like that!!!! :)
My house was freezing so I wore a jacket to the bus stop only to find its hot out
I want a hobo friend
Someone please tell me how Mario Chalmers had the most points on the Heat...lmao
Just got my Christmas card from "The Gary Girls" in the mail. Woohoo!!! Thank you , Melanie & Lydia!
My step mom doesn't even look at me when I come home. I hate coming home.
yeah, or you can also use Automator for that as well.
sick free
I have no motivation to finish this last final and speech.
Ok, fine. You guys can come.
okay you know what ima try to stop being mean
GET MORE FOLL0WERS MY BEST FRIENDS? I WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK IF YOU FOLLOW ME -
Tonight was beautiful, you've touched so many people
Running a little late <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
what issue are you listening most closely to?
and the sound guys....
The downstairs neighbors are actually a nest of very loud t-rexs. Or at least that's what they sound like.
Meet The Admin - Minecraft
mostly it's about this person that thinks I must be a raving coke head because of how I dress
Why must the world be cruel why I ask u why :-(
I broke out the sewing machine today!
With at un
Yes - let's! MT : so much fun catching up. Why don't we do it more often? Let's fix that. cc:
Thank you for your support. What motivates you to support? And, I could always use a hug!
Fueling up with some dark chocolate to help me w/some decision making...
Trash talk, title fight , touchè amorè, Joyce manor, dead swans , terror and TUI for to nights bed time music sesh
i could not take my eyes off bailey
I missed my phone so much today :( ily phone :*
idk if thats at&t that seem to me like its fault
see u soon!
thanks to your amazing fans becuz of them you reached 12million and over!!!!
answer #2 DJ Jazzy Jeff
I hope not, I've had mine on for an hour. ;)
shower time.
hiding under a Rock from horrible femeils that be playin games & hurting a nigga. Lol
legit hahaa :p
just been chilling going to lame ass lee
Im glad Im not the one falling this time.
: aw. Thank ya muchly! :)
Postgame will cover that for you let me know where to send the check
GURL you know we all showed our wild side especially
Hey Y o u. Yeah , Y o u. No, Not Y o u... The Other Guy!! You Right There! Yes, Y o u. Do you like tacos? :)
At US #Army Women's Foundation panel Beyond Battlefield on Capitol Hill #Women #veterans face multiple obstacles to personal peace after war
I'm sorry that your family had to go through that.
It's the amount of power & access to $ that can be mismanaged that concerns me. #DC officials are not worthy.
I think your "Big Bite" set needs a real aquarium. Not the one always playing on the TV.
Nice read..I miss the Fleer brand every day
come on now...
My heart is with Oakland (smokin!) but my money (well, the kind that trumps loyalty) is with the Chargers : I As always... #GO PACK
Huzzah! The Jeopardy folks let me reschedule my audition. Instead of NYC, I'm now going to try out in Lexington, Kentucky.
listen to any album by k-os. Best rapper in canada. Also don't forget swollen members, kardinal offisial and choclair
Oprah way heavy today...
I Switched To “Wells Fargo”. I Like To Imagine That Cowboys With Rifles Riding Stagecoaches Are Protecting My $116.00..
Hammer Don't Hurt 'Em
If you're watching the race on FOX6, that was a nice shot of a "sun dog" in the clouds.
Us too, for sure! RT : New issue of - excited to see profile of 's own Sara Ogger ().
Are we ready to go towards hippie screamo?
yes that gel is very cold did they make you drink water before the ultrasound
This year I made one resolution...don't try to be perfect, just try to be better in everything I do.
are you close to the mayorship yet?
the fact that my couch has a heater and massagers in it beats anything
Dostoevsky's "Crime/Punishment", Bulgakov's "Master/Margarita", Solzhenitsyn's "One Day in the Life"
Beautiful weather here in Albuquerque, NM!!!...
This boy is a pussy! Lol
Interviewed Norah pre show but more importantly met her super cute dog, Ralph. Dogs backstage are the best.
Soccer-dad mode activate!
You are excommunicated!
Trivial League of Trivia Masters if the Whedonverse with
Thank God for "Mark All As Read" option on iPhone. Surprised it's not in Mail or Gmail apps.
Legs feelin like spaghetti...
There's a fairly important difference between homemade and homade.
FREE LUNCH
no Katie already knows we won't have more than 2 dogs! You can live in my basement and pay rent!
The #HungerGames leaves a bad taste and sours another generation with the mindless killing of youth
Fiber monster
already one girl! is that a joke?! You know me better than that.
thanks! You too!!
#PGC grads would recognize Rondo's lack of poise there. Beyond skills, appreciate 's attention to teaching such character.
Just itchin for my career to really take off, theatre is fun but I want a film!
I like buying bags of air ckus sum times I get chips with em (:
Oh no. Seriously bad news. I love that place.
I'm just mean to you lol
you'll get no argument from me. :-)
I'd have Ortiz at DH and Hamilton in CF but that's just me
overtime for LAL - OKC ! wo's gonna win this game !
be back later..... twitters have fun .....
pretty please I want nothing more :)
Come and visit #Seattle!
Are you on facebook too? If so, what is it?
Tell me how to win tickets for tomorrow night! :)
now being dropped into private hands because public won't pay rent on it obscures the fact that they already "own" part of it.
I respect u, I have nothing against anyone. I'm sure they r nice people. But until that obligation is fulfilled,kid 1st.
When is the #iPad app going to catch up with the timeline layout?
My boss also told me the "if you have time to lean you have time to clean" line. Douchebaggery is running rampant in this world!
Thrus-Sat he going outta town !!! I'm too bucked up to have thee entire house and bed to myself...I ain't gonna know how to act bruh
Dear 1,152 Followers *NEW ACCOUNT ALERT* PLEASE FOLLOW It If I Delete This One That Would Be My NEW One xo
Giving the house a Good Spring Cleaning today!! :D
": Rajon Rondo is a true floor general #Salute" wish nuggs had him!
tell your phone to get a job if it's broke. Damn lowlife phone get a job and stop mooching off people
Words Spread Fast
at da crib
I hate when people don't think you around and start talking shit...
I'll stay with you! lol
thank you my friend! How are you?
Definite suicide
We're leaving soon. Hopefully we can lend you our table!
An evening of Les Miserables....
Advocacy takes a lot more than a "Like." High performance brands know how to create strong affinity networks online. Do you?...
Pizza, or not to pizza? THAT is the question.
Dumb and Dumber 2 is without a doubt gonna be the funniest movie ever, besides dumb and dumber of course.
We sold 4 Wallettes yesterday! That's awesome. Thanks to those who purchased them. And thanks to those who favorite our wallets on #Etsy!
every time with peppers.
I assumed that :) Undo unfollow.
Bout to make some more beats
Zero in my life today. I'm not gonna be able to go through summer like this.
When we find truth inside ourselves it's hard not to run away, but we must capture and embrace. It's how we truly live our lives.
I miss u so much can we at less be friends text me 5038476149
are you at the audacity one?
People who lie are a waste of time.
Basically its all casuals until tourny time hits. Sticks are provided but id really suggest bringing your own.
Only in the movies. And not very good ones. RT : Why don't young groups of teens settle disputes with dance battles anymore?
I know I'm late, but I really want him to tour with mckenzie comer. :) Cody Tour 2012
Seems like i have fallen off the wagon and can't get myself back to the gym. :(
Pastor Ron Baity addressing about 70 people at Berean Baptist now: 'It took us 8 yrs of working diligently... so people could vote on it.'
Watching The Voice,Lady Antebellum is performing and Justin Bieber is next!^_^
not for me. I haven't had an a in math since elementary school!
Headed to lunch with the team! What a lovely way to celebrate the New Year and this beautiful sunny day!
well im goin 2 bed see ya tomorrow
Where the dead bitches
ok world,i am ready for it
RETWEET IF YOU FOLLOW BACK ?
Her jacket...<3
wow, average storytime attendance this month was 36 children and adults!
Why am i still up at 3o'clock?..
Gotta say, Archers of Loaf rocked my socks off last night. If u get a chance, see them on this tour . Thanks again !
Kerr Family Bikes is a subsidiary of Albertina Kerr. They are a specialty private bike rental business at the Salmon Street fountain.
Obama caved RT : They C disaster I C disaster. wht abt U? Moody's Warns On U.S. Credit Rating After Tax Cut Deal
My hair is BLONDE......
Hi Ann - Glosses are sticky. Have you tried a little petroleum jelly? That's shiny and not sticky.
It's gorgeous out! What fun activities will you be taking part in today?
#dhtrial p atty: never seen a jury foreman cliaim deadlock after one day in all his trials.
im gunna kill u i thought u were mad the whole time but u were in the shower
yesterday when i saw that what makes you beautiful will b on glee i screemed and cried like #NoJoke lol that was messed up!
I will keep posted sirs.
welcome to twitter! With the new ipad it's hard NOT to be on here. PS: were 1-4 all taken?
That damn spider between window & screen is restless again.
be patient, huge things coming. Nice add on the dip!
i wont give up on you even if the skys get rough im giving you all my love cause i know ypur worth it<3
your attitude will determine how good of a day you have =)
You figured out what you gon do for your bday? im so anxious lol
Starbucks is to freaking cold -.-
Flowers make life better. Dogs too. And a Weez. And Zumba.
you know, I don't know.
Note to self: #RUNNING is the best medicine for lethargy and petty problems. Especially to #Hendrix and
haddadi will lead us to victory
Cocktail weenies. Classy.
Hello gorgeous, haven't seen you in a while. your ass is still onion-sexy i presume.
Damn haven't had time to tweet!! Schools taking over my fuckin lifee -_-
still gonna cut u!!!! inside out
N/P pimp c back hol up
Thanks for hosting #MeetUp Internet Marketing session!
Taking away teacher tenure is a useless decision: it will prevent creativity and further prevent the "creativity" of the children.
fight or flight baby!!!
Life is a dance, from one stage to the next.
RT : Happy Friday the 13th, Jags! Do you adhere to any superstitions? If so, what are they?
Life is like a box of chocolate. You'll never know what you wanna get
RT : Too many librarians don't know the difference(s) b/w anecdotes & ethnography, & none have ever seen a regression.
I am! Anytime the Grizzlies are on TV, I'm not leaving the room.
He did NOT just strike out! Wow. That's brutal.
thanks Amanda!!!;)
RT : Take care my friend - see you soon #Kingofnuevolatinofood < Thanks Luis!
people actually recogise me by my name siscy :)
Yes, excellent point!
We are having a great day! Hope you are too!
ive neglected my poor cell phone for this computer shit smh.
what's good fam
All eyes on tonight's #Florida debate as Newt continues to surge in the polls. Gingrich 34%, Mitt 26%, Paul 13%, Santorum 11%.
my voice is so good, that means it's autotuned? no.
No, my young padawan. Much left for you to do, there is. Yes.
28 more to purchase nye tickets. . .
66 games in 120 days. That's way too much basketball in way too short of a time frame. The constant injuries should be no surprise
You guys forgot about me. >.<
I wonder how many NPR listeners have ordered leopard hoodie-footie pajamas for Valentine's Day.
ChiTeachFund: '95 diversion changed everything. Now 60% funded. Employer took prop tax levy, state doesn't pay into us like downstate.
beginning came together well- I'm excited for the rest! David "vacation meister" Cutler is excited for a guest appearance
As much hype as the Dbacks got all offseason, I'd say they are an even bigger disappointment than the Brewers at the moment
Thanks for following, Richard.
In final negotiations with film company to start the Amy Ames Reality Show staring Jackie Martinez, Sammy Martinez and James.
Hi Tonya :-) thank you for the follow and for all your support always thank you!
follow me on facebook at ECANUS Entertainment Syndicate LLC.
Congratulations to both Winston Guy and Danny Trevathan for being selected in the NFL Draft today. GO BIG BLUE!
The tomb is EMPTY! He has RISEN!
Almond Joyfulness Bark--lots of toasted coconut and crushed almonds flowing through layers of Dark and White Chocolate...m
Thanks for the follow, right back atchya
Dear team managers for Colorado Rapids, Chicago Fire: How about some coffee at HT for these players? Red Bull? Anything to help'em wake up.
where's this at?
you will remember Kyle and Kelli Commander and their amazing daughter Lexi Reigh.
How does one get this wonderful distraction on one's laptop? :)
thankyou for tearing my face off tonight! You guys made being in the front row SO worth it!
I'm single. You're single. I like you. You like me. Am I missing something here;)?
have fun in India!!
Watching the #Packers super bowl dvd, was in EVERY defensive highlight. I took him for granted. Solid playmaker.
How bad can one person feel...
We just did the wave at graduation. Wtf?! Lol
On a power move. Thank you lord for today and forever more!!
GOOD MORNING!!
": #iJustLoveItWhen I don't get to sleep in on Saturday mornings."
first day of work tomorrow with
Zombie Threesome. ;-)
Can we please do this OSU?
same here ;D LAY YOUR OUTFIT OUT SO YOU REMEMBER <U+E414>
Who would've thought that Matt Niskanen would be the most important player for the #pens in the playoffs?
Just got my new tablet for christmas and going on twitter, youtube, and facebook.yah!!!!!!!!!!!!
"Twitter is stupid!" *one month later* "DUDE, I can't stop tweeting!" Who remembers saying this? RIP Ron Paul
well off I go, going out and seeing what to do.
If HITLER had a PROPAGANDA MACHINE like the CNN/MSNBC/MEDIA MATTERS Conglomerate we'd ALL be German now. Or dead.
chiddy bang on Money From Strangers
sounds awesome. I'm always looking for new cooking for home lol. Anything I can fry is probably good lol. Not Snickers tho..
y'all comin too right?
you got me chopsticks!? ;O
Jonathan Band nails it: why spend all this time and energy developing perfect registries etc? What's the payoff?
great! Glad to have you :)
take time to realize this all could pass you by
Goodbye to our dear friend Vincent. Rest in Peace x
#Judge is in favor of w #temp custody and hes #restraining order was
While driving I like to play which celebrity is driving near me, currently Pitbull is in his Nissan behind me. Holla Pappi
Who let Kristen Stewart out of the house dressed like that?
Im not a chipmunk or a squirrel!
Usual 3pm film but also we have a special event today! 'Riches of a City' @ 2pm is a piece of Portland history through film. Come join us!
First production meeting for “Bobby Gould in Hell.” Amazing production team! We have to create hell. What does hell look like anyway?
today a heat fan on realgm started a thread to but h about haters. He had a "haters gonna hate" Dwyane wade sig.
Is making sure all stockings are stuffed! is open 24 hours.
yeah. I'll drag his drunk ass into the house later, Im just too fuckin nice, I'm a safeplace, everyone needs one at some point
I am shocked when I find someone in the tech industry that doesn't have a profile....
You don't deserve it, you don't even know what it means.
Home sweet home... So tired
Unfollow this pg it got hacked follow my new one
Famous words from "If you drink alcohol while you have a hangover it'll low key make it better" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
omg I'm so freakin tired, Justin needs to come on already
Is Oliver feeling better?
Self awareness, introspection, critical thinking, and humility are keys to personal growth. Use them to avoid a vapid, ignorant existence.
Made dinner, watched my cartoons, did homework and washed my hair in less than 3 hrs... Not bad. Time for bed.
Glad you enjoyed it. I'm sorry I didn't get to see you there. It would have been nice to say hello.
Was that WTF directed to me? Not sure.
Join me in a huge glass of water, right now. (I mean, it would have to be huge for all of us to fit in it).
just promoting him , he's a so so def rep
Man I keep crying & crying over & over again! I love Whitney Houston & sum things was funny Lol!
Now that's power.
my cousins friend is hurt badly in the hospital & they ask that u show support by tweeting #prayforCaroline, so please do
Always a good feeling to get new glasses. I like Diana Yuen's office on Grand Ave., Oakland, Calif.
Great football season, both college and NFL. Now onto the best sport known to man, college hoops.
hey jenny
Wearing red for "National Support Womens Heart Health Day" and in honor of my sister. We have one chance in this life- make the most of it!
cmon zelaya they made a character based on me already. Billy chappel from For love of the game.
“The most a writer can do ... write [so] the reader finds himself in a place where the unwordable happens off the page.” RIP Russell Hoban.
Hope everyone o's having a great day!! <3 :) "Haters gonna hate, Mahomies gonna love <3"
#YouGettinPunchedIf you come in my room without knockin!!
If I could, I'd retweet that like 20 times lol you go girl ! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
Capri Sun roulette.
now u and i both know i cant show u nothin. Dnt want no problems started
Warren Sapp files for bankruptcy....smh...owes 6.7 million in child support and creditors, yet has 240 pairs of Jordans....
If you don't vote for Obama only because he's black, you're stupid. However, If you do vote for Obama because he's black, you're stupid.
is one sneaky kid. Oh btw Gables is awesome(:
agree with you completely about problems of gallup poll. It does a better than before by acknowledging racial differences
Is the pasta dinner happening tonight?
San Diego is today where Portland was in the 1990s in terms of bike mode share
“: your a bitch.” --- I know right! Bitch move.
wait, so you cant go to south till april?
Might be going to bed soon. It's 1:30 and I idk what I'm doing tomorrow...
Cheese... Some of the best cheese you will ever taste! Bought some 2day farmers market. Already gone!
Thanks! RT : NOW PLAYING: 'Rejoice' #316DrivetimeShowWithRyanJ www.luv316radio.com
Family Nature Day, Snakes-Jan14, 2-3p -Nature activities and crafts. Learn a new subject each time! Free w/admission, pre-register 327-7580.
OH.MY.GOD. You're right. Wow, she really hasn't changed and loves her some reality TV. Jeez.
Honda felt it best to put 4 bolts behind the bumper cover. No one was accidentally hurt. Some were intentionally hurt.
Leaving someone a voice mail is the new Myspace message
don't think I won't just show up. #yolo ;)
Stoked on the new skateboarding part were going to release in a couple weeks. Aramis Hudson is a beast.
Thinking about doing a retweet contest.... Any suggestions for a prize?
right now personal, but we are looking at joining as Think photos of parks, refuges, etc would fit perfectly there.
yes!!! I'll need it!!!! Nam was too long ago. LOL
Love Is Like Sand. If You Hold On Too It Too Tight, It'll Slip Away.
My bro did said something random. That's a first lol
they're alright, not my fave but I can rock out to just about anything ;)
scal is on a level few understand, especially head coaches. That's why his minutes are so limited.
Have passed Baltimore on the Bolt. In need of snacks.
Hallé/Elder/Gourlay, at Bridgewater Hall, Seven magazine review: The Hallé Orchestra was on fine form in this pr..
When I'm good , I'm very good, but when I'm bad , I'm better .
Word, next time we on one fam!
Sporting Kansas City?
I am overly obsessed with Hellen. She is the cutest woman alive!
RT: SFH-Power is still out in the community. Road conditions have improved."
Bummed out ... Someone stole my cell phone lastnight with ALL of my contacts. Thieves stink. Send me ur #'s !
I've always wanted to see it, but no luck in my travels so far. Enjoy your vacation.
I'm gonna go hangout with my boyfriend now... It only took him 3 hours to get here. #jk <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Please Help me get more views!!! I will Shoutout! youtube.com --->Karissa Lynn
Saw Got a newfound respect for u! Just saw your show! I might be an Irish kid from Boston but I'll beat that beat up
That great I am doing great just getting ready for my summer classes and my new job! Yea I have classes this summer @ UT
We especially thank , our strongest #CincoDC12 supporter & longtime partner, as we work to increase Latinos' access to healthy foods
Land Air Sea Warfare 1.1 iPhone iPad and iPod touch: Land Air Sea Warfare 1.1 iPhone iPad and iPod touch LASW gets it <U+0093>just right<U+0094>, o...
Oh, please, not Andover again.
I always miss tweet sprees! I never win...
Ughh people that don't text back <<
pretty sure we're all waiting for the music lineup, not the wine list :P
Isn't it cool when the days that are supposed to feel good, actually do?
A loss of integrity will result in the loss of everything else.
i wasnt drunk" "dude, you were singing "i just had sex" infront of your girlfriend"
YAY!! So lucky! Have fun! We can't wait for you to visit! Thanks for choosing us!!
Sara Maitland: "...gardeners become active partners in all that silent growth. I do not make it happen, but I share in it happening."
Kyle just fell asleep on me in the middle of playing a video game. Wii remote and nun-chuck still in his hands. Oy vey
Where is my Tango & Cash Lego set?
i think he brought a partially consumed chicken carcass to my backyard the previous eve. all things considered i'd prefer the coins
I wonder what is doing?
lol they definitely do <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
TONS OF COFFEE!
always and forever :)
happy birthday :)
The managers are having a meeting to discuss ways to make #radiosimmons better!
not secure: too many windows.
in my room. listening to music. singing along with all my heart. lol good times<3
getting ready to have a taro frozen yogurt!!
Agree; "What are the core characteristics of literature as a medium?" seems like the wrong question. Literature is not a medium.
only about 47% of patients bring a friend/relative w/ them to a Dr's appt so they can help ask questions and understand directions
For certain.
Happy Birthday Jason Lande! Suggestions for birthday presents welcome.
Cooking healthy culinary treats today for your table this week! Chicken Marsala, Focaccia Pizza, Ceasar wrap-delicious & nutritious!
I wish you didn
get a job!
It's funny one I was doing this now I'm doing that wtf ;)
All I'm writing is just what I feel, that's all. I just keep it almost naked. And probably the words are so bland. - Jimi Hendrix
straight like dat
Great work tonight. See you again this week!
Merry Christmas! Enjoy the holiday music today because you won't be able to hear it for another 8 months or so.
#heresto2013 RT : And there hasn't been a change to our cellar-dwellers:
c'mon. RT : Van Halen asked in their concert contracts- there was M&M's with all of the brown ones removed in their dressing room
good workout with
Foul that bum out
Hi Eboni! Check your inbox...
hmm...I don't know is that's a good trade...haha
so far Top Chef TX kicks ass! Have a good day, smile!
#ff Thx for donating healthy bread for food boxes we are giving away to people in need today!
And The Lady Rockets stomp Cannon County 14 to 5! Great way to start off the season!
Wow I didn't notice my friends gave me a card today love them like family!
we need to catch up soon
Had a great meeting with for possible coverage. Thanks, Jessica!
Yes we got some awesome stuff. Do you need to Cool or Protective??
Co-worker came out w/ cell phone attached to side of head chatting to tell me our boss left for lunch. Leaves still chatting. sigh.
Nothing says post-feminist like ESPN!
I had mizzou losing to Marquette in Sweet 16. Not out of gates. Had tought about them being final gour, but happy now!
TMG is a management/production company. W.myspace.com/teammusictracks
come to centennial and call me.
Silence is an empty space, space is the home of the awakened mind. ~Buddha
Why can't Reds catchers catch the ball when Bruce throws it home???
About one more hour
yoo that songs dope!
Is there anything in Miami that I should really check out while I'm here? I think I may have sunday off :)
What do you call Santa's helpers? Subordinate Clauses
You're a Scorpio?(:
sometime after the holidays and after our new record...deal?
Thanks for the follow.. now following back..
it was
Happy New Year from CPMG! May 2012 bring you & your families happiness and health!
From doing trauma surgery nights, I learn how to better interact with surgeons, but they don't learn how to better interact with me.
Not possible! RT : more than ??
who did you go through? We are looking right now for the right countertops.
Been done before by a public agency as far as I know.
My Teacher Calls Us Children Of The Corn For No Reason (???)
Thanks for the RT!
you can thank our intern for that!
So many levels of unrest in that tweet!
Action Is The Foundational Key To All Success. -- Pablo Picasso
Another CEO tuned into EE engagement: John Brock, CocaCola Enterprises on re: sustainability "it's at the core of employee engagement"
gimme a million ill make you four.
When girls look completely different in their facebook pictures then they do in person you KNOW they're trying way too hard.
Welcome back to NYC!
I haven't seen it yet!!
We will pay $100 for your old sofa!!!!!!
And that's the bottom line, cause Alexander "A-Game 88" Miller said so!!!
Prince has had some classic albums that took ur heart and soul in many directions and you never forgot the 1st time you heard it what a exp.
buy I have the cold cold heart of a librarian.
I should move to Texas :)
I would do anything to make you smile(:
- One tool - for one month. use for good not eveil
I heard Telemundo's gonna start re-purposing some old Nickelodeon shows. First up: "Clarissa, You Got Some 'Splainin' to Do!"
Now THAT is funny. :-)
Hangin out in #bumfuck PA. The land that time forgot. I love my mom, but there was a reason I left home.
DSD is killing it in the studio! Can't wait to share with you... #HappyTuesday!
I need my mom!! So sick agh
RT : Let us not forget that we are not mindless handmaidens - we are professionals tasked with caring for our patients!
I tell her meet me in the bathroom!.. Hold up. Better yet my bedroom
And be sure to also follow the Twitter for my next film for updates on this new action film.
Someone in my apt. complex filed a complaint that my dog Marley was an aggressive breed. I'm assuming there must be some mix-up.
She might not be Da finest gurl in Da world but After a couple of drank she gone look like beyonce....
Been struggling w/ no appetite. Forcing myself to eat so I don't get sick again. Hard not to fall headlong back into disordered eating, tho.
worse, I keep coming back to the fact that you KNOW she votes... as do they all
your tweets rocks this morning/afternoon lol
home and bored. probably gonna lift weights for like the first time in my life. the only muscle i have is from drumming ha ha
Question from bulletin today: how do we choose to focus on Jesus during Lent?
"I need my hair to be pretty." So sad, no? Not reading spoilers so I hope Kentucky comes back.
omfg tell him to follow me okay bye
I know, seems like a lot doesn't it. Clients usually and some fun.
Good luck with the slots
StubStop brings you event tickets available for sporting and musical events taking place nationwide. For your favorite events: 888-493-0004
Sweet. Cajun by choice
I miss grey's
Well, for the record, I have the DVD you requested sitting on my desk at home for like 3 years collecting dust.
Just high fives a kid playing hookie for coming into the #museum - who doesn't appreciate a little informal learning on a day off?!?!
#MADDENNFL13 Nice new player chatter additions
The Ironbound is a haven for terrible Portuguese "artists"Can you guys at least stop printing books with spelling mistakes in them?
follow back
Thank you.
How do you find out about events and shows? Word of mouth? A flyer? Let us know!
My maxim for life: I<U+FFFD>m responsible for my happiness and you yours
May the fourth be with you
The realization that a HV Services in TN will be almost gone is sobering!
Bowling time
Have you checked out yet?
Nah, cause this way allows me to reward longevity and assure that only people who stick around populate the top leagues
Life is a gift, & it offers us the privilege, opportunity, & responsibility to give something back by becoming more (T Robbins) BE DO BECOME
you just retweeted my ex-girlfriend. This world is small.
I'm proud to announce that my blog is the # 1 Google result for "pilates for old ladies"
TABLE+4 CHAIRS $ 295- FREE DELIVERY IN HOME HUGE FURNITURE SALE!!! EVERTHING MUST GO !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
you alive?
I'm not home now, I'm going home later, I'll tell you when I'm on my way
I really hate being a girl sometimes
I love having older sisters who take me everywhere & buy me shit <U+263A>
. Hey, we know that guy! What a handsome fella!
Summer A & C start next week for
We found love in a hopeless place <3
The scallop by at and the sorbet by made our in-town guest commit to MK as her favorite restaurant in Chicgo
hey would love to talk to you about Chut Wutty, Prey Lang, et al. Mathieuyoung(at)gmail - please get in touch.
damn, we probably can't this week but we definitely can next week for ya! listen for our interview with X as well :)
Just heard Governor Daniels speak at the Oaks Academy event. A moving tribute to a great school by a great man! Thanks!
haha naw i got what ya meant :)
Suprised to admit it, but there's a strange sense of peace and satisfaction that comes with mowing the lawn on a Sunday.
haha I thought u looked cute in the picture! Haha :)))
I like to think of Ol' Joe's comments as a "happy accident." :)
Stanton: Jefferson seesawed between treating his slaves as people and as property.
This is a social networking site, but I rarely see folks socializing. How 'bout you prove you are an individual and use it differently...
I miss talking to you the way we used. Everytime I want to message you on twitter something stops me. I miss you.
Great affordable Christmas gifts! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
ok sure! Whenever you're in Nashville let me know!
Go Wh. SOX! DON'T BLOW THIS
Guys.. We get it, Uncharted 3.. Graphics... We don't need 3 talks on the same topic...
in md babe.... idk but i might come back soon :/
Wear Liberty t-shirts will soon be sold in stores in Philadelphia!
Athletic director Gene Smith confirmed AP early Tuesday that the NCAA's committee on infractions would hand down its final sanctions of...
what are you hearing on #Osi? NE or ATL in play?? or done deal w/ SEA?
+ #wordswithfriends = I am pitiful.
Hola mis amigos! How are ya doing? Revving up for trivia hopefully! We're playing this afternoon. You could win a $10 #SUBWAY gift card!
hm, to be honest, i dont really know why i was mad yesterday....
got that shit too
feel beter bro. it was a hard win.we playd like shito the first 3 qs . 4thq idk we step'd it up. OT was tough but we stay
I'm heading over to the nelson to draw. Hit me up if you want to join.
Updating my list of twitter users I'm following. Catching up on a backlog of international news podcasts.
In my experience, acupuncture is the best for treating allergies.
I'm feeling wacky today. Also goofy. But neither zany nor madcap.
Thank you! The love is mutual.
hehehe! You always make me laugh!! Hope you are having a great weekend! :)
ah I love it! Totally going for a ride too. GORGEOUS out. Snap some pics
who are you talking about?
What the fuck is hugo them fuckers are winning everything
LIVE IN DENVER MAY 30TH WITH AND GMB CASHBOIZ
Happy Thanksgiving everyone. If you don't celebrate, just enjoy the day off.
How sweet is this Subaru dog blanket I got free from perks! Thank you! My greyhound is fast asleep under it.
Need a new car, mine is broken.
thanks for the follow. What do you think of ?
This Sunday, 4/8 will be closed!
Why is it when we run into a spider web we suddenly turn into a ninja?!
sure message me your pin and I'll add you
I'm sick of the #Yankees and #RedSox. They shove it down our throats so much I don't even want to see them play. It's old and stale.
There are many things that I would like to say to you, but I don't know how.
no kidding. I knew it was notable when all of the SF natives got up and started talking about it.
I'm going to Lakewood :(
Im Rich & Famous In Jesus Name.......Amen
Cool project! We are hoping to launch a sorta similar project for Jewish teens exploring their culture.
YAY! I'm so excited that you'll be at TBF 2012!!! :)
thanks thanks thanks for the lens.
same but watching phines and ferb
Did you ever have one of those days when you felt like the 2012 #Pulitzer Prize for Fiction?
I was thinking the same thing!
Money isn't everything but your nothing without it
Recording The New Tracks June 2nd!
that's why i'm trying to find a car, hah.
ive got 12 hours on a bus to lake titticaca...this adventure is killing me
Fantastic, congrats!!
Even if I do still don't make it sexy LOL": nah no drinks for me. I know u got one somewhere....."
Rigorous anti-prostitution laws and policies lead to the imposition of harsh/repressive measures against sex workers & cause HARM than good
Govies dropping some serious social media knowledge: &
Work project postponed. You have no idea how happy I am the do jack squat this weekend.
it's going good! This is my fifth week, I'm following a 24 wk training plan
I sent him the letter :O
RT : Thanks to the Rocky Mountain Chapter for hosting and coordinating the volunteers!
Let's get drunk you can drive us to the harbor...
Nevermind i'll find someone like you i wish nothing but the best for you too(8)
Check out the #Taste&Toast event tonight 5-8pm. #mikelpatrik is the featured artist!
That tends to be many people's reaction to my musical selection. :)
Morning people its one day closer to Fri hope everybody has a great day!
Oh, hello, short story money in my mailbox. Such a happy thing to see!
Sweet, thanks bro. Enjoy!
Whoa dang. Craziest dreams ever!!!
when i hear gravy i think of tomato sauce..
I wasn't that drunk..... Jokes are overused
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> not feeling good
- I don't care what you have , I just want your heart babes (:
Thank you for the update- crazy afternoon out there!
Oh heck yeah that was bomb! I think I found a new drink!
Zac Efron Hit By Naked Picture Scandal
he must stank
It's all about mindset - you become what you EXPECT to become, either in a negative or positive way
For our American friends, Happy 4th of July! To all our other friends, boo Monday!
The most diabolical villain in the world.....
Ugh. At the moment
Chicago Our #Bulls need us more than EVER!!
Just hit the 70 page mark of the thesis. Geez oh man, this baby is going to leave hella stretch marks.
check mother earth news website
Gearing up for an awesome NASCAR season. Hall of Fame induction tonight. Carve out some time to check it out Meg.
A wonder indeed! 2.5lb cubed, boiled and chilled red potatoes, .5c mayo, 1c sour cm, bacon bits, 2c cheddar, and gr onion.
Hey what is wrong with
go on youtube and search "xgetturnedon" and then watch the Awkward Moments video :P its my friend and I!
they ran at large. Top two vote getters win.
Airport airport airport
This is what happens to an online reputation when you piss off a bunch of people... its only getting worse arni.es/nIsjTK
Replay, thanks Check out the material mp3 frees
Today is Friday! :D Day relaxing
Your Welcome! RT : <U+27A1>Thank you for Tweeting about me today. <U+263A>
Oh hello
lol nothing.....its been a very long time sir.
At the Phillies/Dodgers game. I'm just as surprised as you....but I bet I'm even more bored.
tired of standing up. think iam done for the day
WHY DON'T YOU COME TO BRAZIL? D:
You're always cute, because you're naturally the cutest person ever.
Day 4 of #detox! Feeling full actually, full of fruit! An easier day compared to the 1st three. Only 10 and a half days to go!
Explained the concept of hashtags to my boyfriend yesterday
flights are now going out and on time but I booked my ticket for next week so let's see what god has planed for me in the A!
Complications inside of me remind me that my heart won't always beat.
it's your undying support like this, that gets me through my troubled times
What's your favourite song to do a cover of? Please answer
Thank you to all Baron clients for the OUTSTANDING holiday gifts.... You all are amazing!
Very excited to be writing an article on Cab Franc for the upcoming issue
Six Impossible Things Before Breakfast by Lewis Wolpert. Non fiction.An interesting way to view marketing strategies.
The Crowd gotta get into this game just a little bit more
so did I. Now, I just want to be retired, lol.
A family is a unit composed not only of children but of men, women, an occasional animal, and the common cold. ~Ogden Nash
Working on getting the translations for the "Love in Any Language" series. Just one of the things coming from Stained Glass Hearts in 2011!
RT #weCantKickIt if u r unemployed
great store but don't expect the stuff to last longer than 2 years
Up and at 'em, drinking a cup of tea and checking on my plants on the back porch and catching up on what's happening in the world...
rain in NYC...
Sunday and Monday are supposed to be 82° D:
Las Vegas! We expand our network of sponsors! Are you interested get in contact with us!
with all of us
If you can't screw the back ground actors, who can you screw, right? Thank you sessions, In a world, extras management & central casting...
I need to fix my nails.
In the end, you’ll realize the best thing in life is not something you can touch, but something you can feel. <U+2665>
Time to clean up when you cant find stuff
#madonna...she's like an old timey version of #ladygaga, right? didn't she pop out of a cake like 100 years ago or something?
Life becomes so much better when you decide not to care. Just live for the moment and don't let the drama bring you down.
Remember, the greatest use of a life is to spend it on something that outlasts it
i'm in a song writing mood, inspired by Maroon 5's "Payphone" &the pain that he has caused me for the past months. lets see what happens :)
Unfortunately, the fanciest thing in my apartment now is High Life--the champagne of bottled beers. (I'm having one, tho.)
you rock!
RT : Getting lunch with the beautiful Daniella today at Streetfood Asia. Haven't seen this girl in so long.
On the train. The guy next to me is eating the cord to his headphones. NOM. NOM. NEED MORE DIET COLA!
flight is at 11am
Thank you for the follow. Honor,Courage,Hope,Love,and Freedom ~American Amaranth
Go Cardinals! That will shut the critics up.
Explain... somewhere. email?
What size does that come in!?
Wake up wake up!!!..
Remember when oil was 10 cent a barrel...in the model t to days...
What is that? A turtle biting an apple.
I have had it with artists and their one week notice for tickets. Sorry I'm not rich.
Aw, shit, I just created a novel outline and intend to stick to it.
RT : Stop by any Harris Teeter Starbucks & you can purchase 2 Starbucks Petites for just $2 (plus tax). Limited time only
Yeah right, I find that type of man hot, too. Did you fuck him?
Best of luck in the "large school" state tourney RT : Prep football: Waunakee tops among large schools in AP preseason poll
You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
if you were on facebook theseadays you'd know that i am having one!
Going to the dentist ughh
Thank you Riot Fest for helping me to remember how much fun a rock show can be.... That was most fun I've had at a show in years.
make sure to thank your mothers today! :'D <U+2665> -isabelle
are you going to warped tour in Kansas City? :)
Who's Ready To Party Tonight
that's really cute !
Cam Newton Is The Best QB In The League!
Make failure your teacher, not your undertaker. Zig Ziglar (via )
National League baseball: #Brewers finished game with pinch-runner and three pinch-hitters in game.
Can't wait to Werk it out!!!!!!! Leaving in T minus 2 days :)
I swear I think this way too often. I'm the best company I could have!
Ohio State Buckeyes rt If Columbus got an NBA team, what would their nickname be?
Happy Friday! School is officially out tomorrow! Yayyyyy
An even stranger thought, what of you were following their twitter and you've yet to meet ._.
Faculty try to figure out how to take 10% of time off from classes!?!?!?! Thanks Arnold - at least he "won't be back".
brb crying
4 is the magic number
when is this Skype meeting going to happen
good thing I haven't picked up a Costco bin of them for the office. So many temptations.
Working on Saturday... how about you?
Dear Monitoring dept- if a Data Center has a scheduled outage and I get a hundred down pages, I'll be watching - no need to send 100 up :/
#iloveitwhen you quote a movie in front of a group of people and you have a new friend :)
Badger Herald uses really weak reasoning in Op-Ed: Total eclipse of the Union?
Stars and stones - what a great combination, Peter
hehe i hope it comes soon! & isnt it like 1:00am in kentucky? Lol my uncle lives there
Fuck Henry Rodriguez. Moreso Davey Johnson. He should have never been in.
ENOUGH PITCHING!!!!!
Little brother has been in the shower for going on 17 minutes..every second counts on a rushing school morning.
Drug dogs on 4/20. If you bring pot to school today you're an idiot
Finished A Winter's Tale with 8-13 year-olds. Next...?
EBSCO datbases are down all around the country today!! No Academic Search Complete, which is our bread and butter...
You didn't answer in the form of a question!
Watching the vow with my mommy.
Ovaltine made with unsweetened almond milk as a post-ride recovery drink. Not bad. Washed down a few rice bars.
embarrassment when u walk out house and have to go back in to change, cuz you realise that ur just too sexy for ur shirt :/
but not as cool as your avatar.
So very true RT “: If you're never tested, you never really know what you're made of. #TheSW”
Yeah, I guess I'm not going to push it to the limit tonight and get it done tomorrow, no partying, CU!
I'll be for the big game this Sunday, go
Downloading Lion OS now! Among other things, farewell mouse; it's a multi-touch world now
Listening to John Mayer <3
its real out here in these twitter streets
Yeap, ^^ long time no see, by the way, how R U? your photo is cute, :)
#RT IF YOU ARE MAHOMIES SINCE + 6 Month :D
Can't sleep, strange bed. At least I had an enjoyable, if unproductive day in Madison
Obama's foreign policy is the best I've seen in years & Perry's dumb ass said he would restart the Iraq war, what a #gop asshole.
we have heard of student centered learning but it has been only superficially understood...
Today's Brentwood specials: Soups of the day are Butternut Squash and Tomato. Sugar-free lemonade is Cucumber Mint.
State enforced rents? That's way oversimplification.
Jealous :( #workinggirlproblems wish I could come and visit with you all!
thank you, Jenny and Stacey!
Looks like Century Link Field will be at full capicity for Cascadia Derby's, this will be awesome!!!!
Once you're in a trolling spree, you can't just stop :)
We will be in the building...
pens when in overtime...not happy, LEAVE ME ALONE!
no problem see you on Monday
City Lights- My Entire Life.
Can't wait to play this 95 metacritic Batman game :O Loved Arkham Asylum.
School in the AM.. Hope we are busy so it goes by fast.
Lady of Fatima image draws crowd
wht we going to do
Jesus IS the Gospel. Period. Without Him, there is no message.
I decided to stay home today. Without permission. Love my parents new schedule.
Great meeting. Thanks to Josh for speaking to us & reminding us what it's about; bright, young people who will make communities proud!
is learning FLASH again....!!!
what is this from?
Deep fried pickles and mozzarella sticks sounds good right about now.
yes :c
Just finished Christine Falls by Benjamin Black, the crime-writing pseudonym of literary novelist John Banville. Good stuff!
Run with it
Great piece of writing capturing the magic and importance of Do Lectures! Well done!
so so beautiful
Just caught up to last episode of Lost on Netflix. Totally Awesome.
NaLee mermaids dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make your blood go cold.... check it out at NaLee2010.com
it's not just a store, it's a lifestyle.
Speaking in 3rd person is annoying as well..."At the end of the day, LeBron James is going to what's best for LeBron James"
OMG! can't wait. Def watched #RHBH reunion last night plus #thevoice & was in TV heaven. I'll admit it
#whitestarbar - I ordered from 9th and Coles- they have what's on their menu & the bartender didn't scream at me
Thank you !
I..you know..I think they do.
Fill in the blank: I go to the gym ________ times per week.
Alrighty did, Marty :)
I dunno, why?
Even though he's almost 24.
Happy, , for your follow. Nice profile picture. Looking forward to #Opera, #theater & things talk :)
it's about velocity, not speed.
Burlesque is my shit i can watch it over and over again..
My metabolism was becoming like a bitch in the street that I could deal with... Lol
Looking at an early spring release.
I understand your problem, but I don't know how to help you... I'm sorry... <U+2665>
Contact info deleted. Finna unfollow her ass Smh stupid hoes nowadays. I don't want a part of the drama you carry with you
some people got murked, the O's mostly won, Bealfeld is quitting and we doubled down on grand prix dumbness.
This week don't miss Casting Directors from ARMY WIVES, LIGHTS OUT, & ABC DAYTIME !
20% of men watch porn at work
Just found out that is on Twitter.
I hope it was all good. What did you guys talk about?
I know of only one bird - the parrot - that talks; and it can't fly very high. - Wilbur Wright
I hate when i cant sleep...
too bad it wont matter when you play the pack next year punk
Easter's coming up, and we've got bunnies on the show today! Plus, must-have wedding looks for the spring & summer! Watch at 9am!
We are talking about performance and the limits of control...
great day filled with a lot of learning!
Wait so, Nymphostache is just something my uncle made up?
If you love someone put their name in a circle not a heart because hearts can break but circles go on.
Yay!! =D I still don't get this twitter thing, may have to just stick with fb lol
Poynter's Iron Pit Personal Training Nov special is up in a few days. Get with us now, forever get $20 an hour Personal Training sessions
Thanks for the RT! Hope you are well.
best kids ever.
Looking forward to #LunchOnGoogle with the and crowd!
The most important person in the world that you can ever talk to is the person standing right in front of you. Ken Dunn
It's good! I'm getting ready to tour the penitentiary now. I forgot how cool Philly is
Don't know if I'll ever get over hearing Arcade Fire in mainstream commercial establishments.
315 chores were completed yesterday using Pretty neat.
FREE 100% Natural Desserts samples and Espresso or Cappaccino! Come visit us BOOTH 2496
if this dumb hoe get in my camera one more time, IMA BREAK HER GODDAMN NECK, cause thats how im feelin' right now.
"Never settle for being a character in someone else’s story when you are meant to be the author of your own"-
haha was that you at the end of my neighborhood? I knew it was haha
RIGHT? I can't remember…have you read the books? I just can't imagine what non-book readers think of that ending!
haha then maybe you should have actually held it :)
Is it just me or is this NBA All-Star Saturday Night Boring as Hell so far!
doooont drink n drive! :)
Happy Birthday Leap Year babies!
Damn you #ArianFoster!! Your inconsistency is not helping me win...
Hello Katie how is things I sent you the link to look @ the UGG boots.
hey, i'm stalking you, please feel better and come back to life, the world needs you...
i need a pimp-daddy fast!!:D lolzzz...
i knew u was gonna forget about a nigga
not sure ur luck will matter ;)
hella cool and Super Cute
What happened to all those respectful criminals?
Ready or not, here I come
who lied and told you that?
I fought a tuna for an hour once, 150lb yellowin and a tiger shark ate it like a chicken wing right next to the boat
I didn't know you were also a music producer, director that's cool how long have you been
Roger that!
Thanks to everyone at for the awesome birthday cake today! :)
I could watch this Wen commercial all night.
Physical education... They take the wellness study, coaching, fitness and pedigology minors
Without the tweets the debates are actually kinda scary.
u must not love a HOTEL like I do..but understand.. I get it SEA and FAR are very different 2 as far as hotels
Just my luck. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I recommend ipodjuice.com. They couldn't fix my particular problem (water damage) but were very professional. Got detailed, quick report.
If u tell me to do Somethin u can do it yourself... if u ask me politely ill gladly help u outt yo
The arms of love encompass you with your present, your past, your future, the arms of love gather you together.
we lead the has tag battle cause Giants fans are the best!
At American Girl with my Princess..my son now made me promise to take him to go see T.Rex at MOSB.
#nowplaying on "Tonight Is The Night"! What a great song!!
Damn we look good!
Good morning! Is anyone braving the weather for a #run outside?
I'm about to turn this off. Please do something lakers.
Maybe we'll get more #SKC #soccerallies b4 the Pride Fest kick-off game on 5/27. Who's standing up for #equality?
Fuck pompous people.
Heat whooped ass tonight
I think my grindr is broken. All the hot boys seem to be in Vegas at the moment
A4: If you have a university in your area with an #artsadmin program, go to any events that are open to the public.
Woo! Hope the Cards bullpen stays like this all year!
Let's chat. Follow/DM me. (you can unfollow later, no worries! I see you keep a small list)
text me right now!! I need to talk to u like before I explode!!!
so wish you were here! you would love it! big HUGS, sweet gal! praying for you with all your heavy loads! mwah!
Don't Tweet about what's on the shelves. Tweet about what you can do with it.
im weaing mine!!!
The best way to hold a man is in your arms.
I need to meet more people in atl, tired of bein n the house at night
Clutch FT coming up. Kobe gonna do it?
Theres so many ppl waiting...im so glad we didnt have to wait thanks to my cuzen she put us on the list hrs ago xD
I'm missing her like Amber Alert
Tomorrow, Feb 3 is "Mispell Your First Name Day". Change the misspelling of your name on Facebook. Please retweet & share on Facebook.
Thank you! And I'd be honored.
Aww love it! Thanks for all the love girl!
I have been writing since noon. Time to reward myself!
GWAVA Augments Messaging Security with Image Detection from Image Analyzer
Just saw a skateboarder eat it so bad. Walked it off though
t p
I made u.
Omg so glad i have to do this project instead of taking an hour long test
^ Irresistable Irony About a year had passed since my amicable divorce, and I decided it was time to start dating again. Unsure how to...
I wish it would be 5/22 already so I could get the goddamn Clash of the Champions DVD.
We saw what may have been a body covered by a yellow tarp. If so, this is the second dead person I've seen in a month. :(
I think there is better chance to win the big jackpot tonight!
hmm... not necessarily a 'bad' thing
Thank you! At this point I would have kept Balkman. that dude played with energy.
ima rip yo heart out thats what they call chest pain!
Do you want to play a game of #FaceAss? Lol!
Most people have it after a night out. ;).
I should be off in time to catch it, or the second half atleast. Don't get caught!
The motto for the rest of my life: You can't control your feelings.
Free Netflix! Yea!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> lmao I love you baby<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
idk Ben, you tell me xD
'If the data functions, we're good with that.'
Keep your dick in ur pants, and not in your personality...
I dreamed I was at your concert.
writing, writing, writing...
when love is lost means new love could be found. Hard to see that when it happens though, we always want to hold on to the feeling.
I wasn't planning on doing much tonight but I just found out is playing 8-12 at Webster. Seems mandatory.
and we get to watch America's #1 punter!
Clearly I support it....because I'm from Baltimore, haha.
wooohoo finished with opensim stuff for now!
You're the best! Thanks Clive
So Much 2 Say is just $7.99 (April 1-3) in honor of World #Autism Awareness Day. Then just $14.99 for the rest of April.
ugh my sis on the computer downstairs and im on the laptop up stairs and we both listening to music but every song i wanna play she play it!
Sign in on WabashGuest network Name. trippetguest password n95wa3us
Bring your kids to see Bugs Bunny at the Symphony at Wolf Trap Park on August 7th!
I'd probably die if followed me.. let alone read this tweet.. I LOVE YOU ZAYN<333
haha! That's what I was thinking too!
tarp is off the field at the Little League World Series. first pitch expected in about 15 minutes.
RT : My eye is fine, X-ray is negative. I should be ok for the Raptors. (Good news.)
Let's go Red Devils!
FOLLOW ME :(
Ima tweet my ass off until 12 lol, it's extra slow today <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
And here om the hate on LeBron.... now
i just wanna know if u still love me :/
yummy! If u have extra time in the morning add a banana & scoop of peanut butter to your chocolate #mix1 then blend!
Haha. Is EVERYONE taking the day off to see "The Avengers"?
Your wish is Nat Geo's command...they ARE bringing jousting back! It's called Knights of Mayhem!
Go w/Joe's recos! RT : Eat! Cupcake pancakes , Wings Yak-Zies, Great ribs Full day!
Great reporting and outcome MT : Pelley’s first story about stem cell con men launched a federal investigation: t.co/KdWhgvfD
Now I'm nervous! Haha.
#PhDStudentPanel hold library workshops in early morning/evening so I can attend! Middle of day is bad.
If there's a glimmer of hope, the starting pitching has been darn good to start the season
Seeing cry is the saddest thing I've ever seen...
I could never forget you guys (;
How u doing today tv
Youngins, the both of ya!
Last week of the Biggest Sale of the South! Are you "driving Southern" yet?
What's your gamertag?
thats outrageous! how are people going to have coronas and margaritas with out lines?!
DC Comics Wonder Woman Symbol Distressed Youth T-Shirt
Wow. Crazy snow flurry time.
Happy happy birthday!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082>
Thanks! That's some great company!
we need to go out and watch a game this year. Great time last year at Hose 22.
gotta get back to workin out... :)
went song by song there is not one word on this whole thing...
I felt like I was stolen from after watching some of that national title game last night. Buccos for life!
can definitely do it!! And I'm hoping it doesn't take 7 games!!
Very, very tempting. I'm co-leading a workshop, though, so prob shouldn't. Keep me in the loop?
See you Friday then at the party that's if your not scared!!!
Very sad :( are his football days over?
Yes, very dependent on the music itself in terms of effectiveness, of course...phasing, that's the term that escaped me!
Why unfortunately,BooBoo?? This #CelticsNation u ain't no RT : Unfortunately/RT Did Boston win!???????????
good luck!
Good morning SFO
tweet at us for 8000!
I guess if no one has a negative comment, I might not be saying anything.
Wilson Chandler's return? “: Anyone want to guess what the lead story will be tonight in Denver?”
I totally agree with you! Beat Lupus!
thank u! ;) for u too, you're so sweet<3 thank u xoxox!
Thank you! RT : A happy national teacher appreciation day to awesome world changing teachers like
Awesome setting so many happy people and proud parents around today
Make that
$3 jameo shots @ pb ale house!!!! Need I say more????
I LIVE THE CONCEPT EVERYDAY WITH THEM MAD LOVE AND RESPEC!!! CHECK THEM OUT FROM CLEVELAND SHOWING LOVE TO THE CITY!!!!
"Deer are like Ed Hardy shirts -- They're everywhere and they're annoying." - Sklar brothers.
You can now upload a logo that is up to 520 pixels wide to span across the entire tab. For best results, upload a 520 x 108 pixel logo.
Tomorrow is Midlist Monday. By a book by an obscure author at an indie book store! #mislistmonday. I suggest one by
So jealous you are there! Have fun and take pictures for me :)
"puffing on Jane, cause that's my gal."
.. LOl at do that with every team. Naw, I make full season predictions for football and baseball.
what will happen to #Egypt?
Right on ! both destroy!
blah blah
Listening to my Grandfather talk now reminds me of how cassette players sounded when the batteries started to go. He's winding down.
if it was, I'm switching to android on general principle.
four straight goals. good work guys!
ALtho we go thru tough times remeber those who have always been there for you. They are still there waiting for you to open up. <U+2665>
So he can miss it.": #NBAPlayoffs why foul him"
Harry's and Louis' relationship:P
Pathetic first half effort from the Pacers, from Vogel to the bench. That kind of ball will drive fans away.
I see where you get it from dear :P
MAHOMIES gonna LOVE !!!
OMG DID YOU HEAR THAT!!!
RT Looking forward to hearing Henry Kelly's remarks on the DOE EERE budget at tomorrow's briefing!
Composer George Perle typed 4 pages (single spaced) of suggestions before my rehearsal of his Sonnets to Orpheus. PRESSURE!
Wait is coming to NYC too?
RT Social media belongs to everyone, but PR plays role in using it to tell company's story & build community
Dawn Rochelle Models is looking for talented make up artists in the Dallas area
miss you too! What are we gonna do about it??
there's probably an icelandic metal fantasy band called Skyrim. There just has to be.
Get bangin'! Large forehead-thick, chunky bangs.Small forehead-long bangs that start far back.Not sure? Long side bangs work for all!:)
inevitably, yes.
I'm mad i spelled conceited wrong..i be tryna multitask and fuck up my tweets lol
LOL On my 3rd cup of coffee. Sweet elixir of life.
Praise be to his glorious name forever; may the whole earth be filled with his glory. Amen and amen. Psalm 72:19
glad you enjoyed The New Yorker article!
RT : Show your pride, San Diego. Wear red & black tomorrow to support our #Aztecs in the first round of NCAA basketball tourney
Ugh wish they wake up!.
nice i'm from usa , ca !
and making hits right now!!!!!
My students will be "encountering" Don Mee Choi's THE MORNING NEWS IS EXCITING. So far, they've made me proud.
Grabbing Peet's Coffee before I head out of Cali & was asked if I wanted "Soy Milk, Goat Milk or Regular Ole Milk" Sorry to be boring!
I was thinking of getting that one. Let us know how it is.
Great idea to update the iPod with some fresh tunes. Helps to give the workout some new energy.
not gonna lie, my powerpoints are pretty fucking baller
Easter road trip!
I Got Ta Love Ya :)<3
wats the business on collabos and feats from you my dude? Hmu with the details!
haha do work booty!
like midnight! :(
Hey! How have you been? Sorry it's been a while, I got mobilized, so now I'm in Iraq and stuff.
My ex girlfriend is like cancer.
oh my gammit......next week is the week of the academic decathlon competition!!!! epppp! im literature...must...study.... >.>
On this site in 1897 nothing happened--Getting ready for a fun sale this weekend. Halloween costumes, vintage masks and random objects.
Morales should walk two and then Bard can get the triple play, right?
It kinda seems like I was happier when you was over her = )
and diet red bull is the worst chaser...
RT : I've had it & lost it & I'm here to tell you... Money isn't everything.
Beauty fades and dumb is forever.
#20ThingsAboutMe 3) i cant wait till summer! 4) im scared of the dark! 5) i eat ALOT but somehow don't get fat, 6) im a funny person.
Never nude
Yesterday's 11-10 #RedSox L was the 5th time this season a team scored in double-digits & lost. It happened 15X last year.
Big, huge beautiful snowflakes in abq. It's so white outside!
Go bucks, go!
Hi, friend :)
Show at chasdrs tonight..shits gonna be packed lets go
Disaster for Michigan. 2 Pens -25 yards, 3/G now 4/G for FG attempt.
- Uecker, that's got to be it.
I love you <3333
i just adore how Pauly D says Stalker on Jersey shore (: <3
Ran into an old friend from gw at #BJxmas4! #smallworld!
With the New Year upon us it's time to dust off the business plan, set written goals, and decide on the right resolutions
Looks like Adobe will succeed in making Adobe Edge the tool of choice for Standards-based animation (HTML5)
*ABRACADABRA* nope, you're still a bitch.
Wing night! Come to Mario's from25 cent wings and watch the NCAA men's bball championship. Kentucky v Kansas at 920. $2 yueng drafts 10-12
The problem with falling in love with your best friend is that you can't talk to your best friend about it.
Hope it is a great Vday 4 all! Another sweet deal on the way for hump day. Hint: Gives explosive energy for that intense workout.
I want you to know that I am ready to go…my heart beat
Double punch drink of the day is a gingerbread latte, yum!
If evolution really works, how come mothers only have two hands? ~Milton Berle
“Once we choose hope, everything is possible.” ChristopherReeve. Give for cures. I did! bit.ly/powerofwe
Breakdown of presentation for my training team #astd10: changes in industry, engagement and project mangmnt
In order to get some things done you have to do it yourself. Nothing new just a constant reminder. Smh
I was kidding. Don't take it do literal.
Well I shall see u at 930. Good night
us top shop website is not as good as the uk one.
The Walek Book Division will be at #bea2011 today and tomorrow
I am old compared to you :(
#SDSU Steve Fisher telling his players to behave at football game. I feel obliged to listen
1 more time - First 3 ppl to RT my next tweet get free hot dogs Sat night @ Nemo's during 25th Annual Babe Ruth Bday Party (while they last)
Let’s face it- Our first job is to make sure our customers are happy. Let us know how we can make that happen!
hey there was a nicer more budget balanced part before the sequel bush #why #do #sequel suck so much?
Lmao semi day off
Thanks for bringing home a championship. You do MN proud.
lol i know all the lyrics to the song but idk what it means isnt it i like it like tht or somethig?
I have a confession to make don't ridicule me when I say it! . . . . I like. . . the twilight movies. . . I can hear the laughter now -_- !
This #GCB show is definitely growing on me.
we deliver to Rainbow!
Yall single females be so oblivious to da obvious... im rite here...yo bf loll
The latest version of #kiddori for #iPhone is now available in the App Store.
I am watching Frasier at 2 AM on a Saturday night. Exactly what the frat guys do.
if a woman is bad a parking its prob just bc she has been constantly lied to about what 8 inches is.
"my music is way out there- hard to describe- not accessible- but I would call it EMO". best guy impressing chick line ever!
If Michelle Obaba could get some Taco Bell in da cafeteria.... OH! I WOULD DIE HAPPY!!!!!
also, I drank an oil can o' Fosters, just like a real bloke would! And then I started insulting the British!
#okolona the realist
Some people are just so stupid.
S/O to my brother My boy graduating from FSU today.
Excellent Comedy Show last night!
I don't know. Is it "day" yet?
#ThatOnePersonWho Always seems to find a way to piss you off but you dont know how they do it. -_____-
great will be happy for u to stop by and see us. I'll even treat. Show this message to person working & it's on me!
Thank you for the RT
#ThankYouAlexConstancio for not giving up on Austin <3 and staying with him through everything <3 <3
follow and please :D x48
._. This bitch just tried to yank my nail off.
was awesome seeing ya!
Happy World Listening Day!
My twitter is all messed up :(
A big musical welcome to , , and
ahh thats lame! Is your school weird?! haha Most schools in the U.S. have that week as vacation week!
When I'm sad I go on YouTube and watch and then I feel so much better. :)
follow 4 follow? if not sorry! Free promotion site on my profile if u need hits to your likes, follows, +1, views
Thks 4 question No harder then any other prop. Good - inc- fico-ratios-loan officer. Over all REO properties have deals.
Had a long week I need a drink and my 2step...
#nowayjose Aw saw this 10 seconds after you posted it, but couldn't possibly make it across the country that fast... :)
I'm ready to see "Think Like A Man"
Thanks! Absolutely.
Nokia announced Tuesday that its X3 smartphone will hit the European consumer soon and sell for around $160.
Is Jay Glazier really standing in a call center??
;; Yeeeahh . He just sits in my lap andd stares at the television .
BREAKING NEWS: SURG Restaurant Group announces Ryan Braun and Aaron Rodgers to open a new restaurant in Brookfield in June called 8*twelve!
I'll take care of you..
it's working, it's working
it doesn't matter to me dude! Travis is gonna go with us since the Integra broke down. Emily knows its just us tonight.
thx. Love you!
Stories from #MickeyGilbert & #JackGill call attention 2 the inequity that theAcademyAwards fail 2 recognize the Stunt Industry!
Im trying to get a job over the summer what about you cause i got early morning pratice
Whats the difference between yesterday and today?? Nothing.
Totally tore it out. Its mine now :)) -Gianti
cups of the XO.
stomach flu?
Hi Hope you're doing well! Please spread the word ---
Hey Elena, love your work. When are you coming to the US?
BTW I agree with this problem of WP's RT : I've told him that! But he feels he's wrestling against WP's blogging tools.
Last Friday class for the rest of my life Whoooohoooo!
Even the sun sets in paradise.
and then got suspended for it.
cranking out a group project tonight with , and :)
#Autumn is based on a book, apparently. So that must lend it some quality, yes?
bought a whole Lake Superior whitefish at Heartland Farm Direct Market in St Paul. It will be cooked whole with ginger and scallions.
Keep things simple. Believe!!!
" haha I have no words. You would be front and center for midget wrestling" Weirdest/best thing ever. Mostly weird..
I'm glad I have a family who loves me enough to let me stay in on hot days like this #chillingintheAC =P
You can't make the law fair in Buffalo, NY today? Come meet us at the Univ. of Rochester tonight @ 6:30-7pm in the May Room, Wilson Commons.
Holy smokes! RT : Stat of the Day: Jamie Moyer has faced 8.9% of all batters in MLB history. (h/t )
you're on your bed? (:
Thank you so much love! Help show us around will ya?
Shower & hair appointment <U+E056><U+E31E>
because one could utilize "used" and the only reason not to is to try and make oneself seem more important than one actually is.
I keep checking to see that this is COMEDY Central's site. It seems to be full of scolding.
Thanks for RT...have a great week:)
violent crimes should be defended MUCH more aggressively and skillfully than a pot charge. That is the only way the public
Agreed, I don't go looking to start trouble, I just root hard for my team. You'll be fine, it'll be a great atmosphere.
Cool, and congrats! Is it in NY? We love our galleries here.
Now on 102.1 San Francisco, and always on 98.5 San Jose. Classic Rock from Santa Rosa to Santa Cruz.
I once watched a stripper get arrested for pedophilia for giving a lap dance.
That hurt
And coming down off that good mood high on my own.. good job Crystal... kudos.
Glad we could help! RT : Your tweet came at the perfect time. Just started looking up QR Codes today for a project. Thx!
Texas Baseball Frustrated!
I can empathize with the fact that Dragic and Lee are worn out and aren't used to this many minutes. But I'd rather have ...
its all good, I gotta get back to work anyways. Ill see ya tonight.
I havent smoked in 4 days. Ill start killing in the morning.
Congrats on #newsbabes, ! I'm always so proud of the good work you do to help others. Xo
RT I Got That Human Earthquake D**k Shake Shit, Make You Hop Out The Bed & Baked Shit ((d-_-b))
#tobehonest you can get really annoying , but i love you anyways>.<
· how is your day???
I'M SICK. WILL YOU TWEET ME. PLEASE. I'M SICK. DID I MENTION I'M SICK?
went to GNC and got a new stack for the month. #megamay is now in session
Happy Moms Day to all the moms out there!
In a law firm profile photo pay special attention to your tie: high quality, perfect condition, well-tied, proportionate, subtle, present
#kids Afterschool Special at Heard Natural Science Museum & Wildlife Sanctuary, Wed, May 16 2:30p: A great way to end your child’s day!...
~ well I better stop this bottle service lol!
We are now 180 fans away from our goal of 1,000!
Amy Wilson gives HCM update unified on-boarding (role based), I-9 and payment elections. New enhancements for mgrs.
nothing tops des moines. nothing.
#basketballwiveslareunion Jackie crazy ass had me confused all show... She is weak and phony ass hell!
I will continue to boo Pedro until he's sent down to the minors.
#4FamousWords Boom goes the dynamite.
you're welcome
How I remember why I left...this blog is a terrible distraction from my real work...
If you sign up for our newsletter at gotheredothis.com between now and July 31st you'll be entered to win 2 Holiday World tickets!!!!!!!!
Yes, I have. It's amazing
RT : Our Super Bowl specials can be found right here, amazing deals, don't pass them up.
if only we understood what the hell oue subconscious was trying to tell is!
#Dedication & #Motivation gave'em motive 2 hate me!
Great HR manager opportunity in #cle. Contact me for more information.
Sometimes Blodwyn doesnt rule.... but blodwyn recognizes it.... and blodwyn is coming back in full weet!
Thnx 4 the follow Totango! WE Liked your FB pg. Like us back when u get a moment- WE'll appreciate it.
If Spain scores less than 3 goals on Saturday the man of the match would probably be Joe Hart
No rain bums out Portlander whose identity is tied to being "that guy who shows up to shows wet, because he just rode in the pouring rain."
Charming Charlies at Tivoli Village has got me in love with accessories again :)
enough about that, i'm so ready for tomorrow night at ! who's going out ?!
At this point I really dont care!
Oh shit fighting on my TL :x
Yay! is on the plane gonna come home. (:
liz choose your friend better.it annoys me too
My good friend Tom Cintorino and I are quoted ... it's all about the NEW revenue when it comes to lists!...
I am at a Walmart with a parking garage.
Have questions about Mifflin that did not get answered at the info session? Tweet
"He was close. He was real close."
Snow in 49 states.Wonder if it's just a matter of time before we have snow here. Though the Osprey's are building nests down South.Confused.
Lebron James: where's this little man from the Knicks I've been hearing about, show yourself coward...Hadouken!
Holy Zumba is kicking my ass right now! SMH.
How do you keep a song simple while being complex at the same time?
I can't help that my feelings go deeper for you than yourz for me
Liberator Prentis Sibley says "I don't know why I'm up here, I'm not a hero." He tells of seeing a camp abandoned by Nazis.
get out of bed then!
Take a pic
Reasons why im weird- for the Hunger Games instead of saying Team Peenis I said Team Katpee
Almost all of the essentials ... I forgot tequila! That means another return visit to my favorite store :)
Apr. 21-29 is National Parks Week--free admission in all 397 national parks this week!
You bet. Wouldn't miss it. =)
tofu, coffee and thought bubbles
Wit my Girl ;)
aha that show is from my childhood.. love the #oldies.. what u eatin for dinner?
Thanks for RT! Definitely have to show benefits. Also, I think some coaching and other change agents may be in order.
Thanks for following C:
Finna hit the streets.
Sure. "joke".
Susan, thank you for the RT!!!!
Wonder what kind of showing the #Timbers will put out Sat night. I will probably be thinking about that as I drift off to sleep
So, hello. My names Taylor, i'm also known as Jey's little sister. ;D
hi right back! can't wait to meet nell in person.
I would have loved to be a fly on the wall for that course.
oh hahah. There was pizza sauce on it. Gross.
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana evil banana
thank you for following me Anna! Mark
Wow !!! That was an amazing finish, do that for me tomorrow when I'm there please!
is looking for an motivated, driven, Business Development Executive in #Gainesville. Any #UF and #Gator graduates interested? Message me :)
Yes they are!
my statistics teacher described joint probabilities as "not marijuana"
toss me a biscut cuz its all gravy. Ill call when im done workn.
serious post acl blues. can't wait till next year!
wow. i affiliate sold a kindle book that costs $163. keep those coming.
will do! DM me your # and I shall notify you
I wonder how many more times the pres is gonna speak B4 th elections next year?
Almost done with my hair :*
Omg lady, that boy was old enough to go to the boys bathroom by himself
who throws a cat?
I mean zee :/
still thinking about it... would you consider driving down?
yeah gonna need ID
I wish I could read people's minds.
Hey RTR, how much $$$ is the Pepsi's going to be? Also are we going to re-dig the track midway through the show too?
April = Child Abuse Prevention Month #FF those leading the way . . . . .
wooooop I'm excited!
Who is french montana and what is his purpose ?
Workshop was actually pretty good
hey Josh! Any clue on the iPhone 5?
; for the worst day ever, today's been pretty good. <3
Please send ur email to who is volunteer coord
HERES TO ALL We ignore each other and try to pretend the other person doesnt exist, but deep down we know it wasnt supposed to end like this
ITS GAME TIME.... TIME TO TAKE THEM MAVRICKS OUT THIS BITCH....SPURS TIME....FUCK ALL YOU HATIN ASS HOES...
Anybody who saying about me and is negative I hope that bitch catch AIDS IN THE MOUTH
oh you know i missed you. and - wassup elijah?!
Did Denny "short pitted" on the last stop?
Started using lancome's visionnaire & I am seeing results after 3 weeks! LOVE IT!
aren't they all colored? Lol
lol smart ass look who's talkin! U just as bad as me
Burning the Midnight Oil
Suspend That Guy Now RT:RobbVogel: Quote of the day in the sports office "I knew Shaun Marcum was going to have a big year"
The Chances of Winning from Survey's on Receipts are Highly Unlikely.
Join the movement: iwillmovement.blogspot.com be the change you want to see in the world
I cant wait til I have an annaversary so I can sing toni toni tone
Just my eyebrows done now getn taped up
I dont want to leave her but in order for us to move forward i have to correct my past.
I need to start taking my own advice.
Nothing is so strong as gentleness, and nothing is so gentle as true strength. - St. Francis De Sales
Of course it's wrong to go to college to avoid responsibility, but that shouldn't stop you from doing it.
Sprout Application submitted!
ima do me.
Not to mention how many families call nuggets and fries a meal for their kids several nights a week
uh oh.. Now what do you do..will they try to redeliver
my team name ideas, tebow's youth group, burrested development,fighting lawn ornaments,kibbles and vicks, mike brown who?
Pregaming to Nicki Minaj. "Come fill my glass up a little more."
My first burfday present is from my good friend He's playing all my favorite house tracks on his show Jac of All Trades.
"There are 2 types of basketball players in this world, ones that embrace the fear of them, & ones that want to be loved."
- If Told Me Happy Birthday That Would Be Dope ! :)
hahahaha!!!! It could be worse.....you could be watching the bucks right now!
Legitimately mega-talented. I am pre-emptively backlashing any backlash. She's the kind of artist we need.
they play basically same position. And hickson hadnt really earned a start till last nights breakout.
i needa start hittin them waits son on the real
When u open ur heart to ur special someone it's hard to close it back up before u feel the pain of heartache
heading to an assembly plant
Bitch, you should take off all your makeup and see if them boys still think you're hot. I've seen you without it, you ain't foolin' me.
its just time to move to the detachable shower head its pretty much the greatest thing ever!!
Easter, I'm still getting over the weight from Christmas...can you stop having such good food?!
I run with my phone and as I was rounding the corner to my house I got my start-time email for next weekend!
What kind of crowd do you expect when the best we can do is chant, "We're Number Ninety-Seven!"
not really having the best morning.
no care
The Mighty Mac is one of our favorites!
I've been listening to for words new album nonstop since it came out. Awesome job guys!
Follow for updates on what’s happening across the sports world.
Alcohol is legal, but weed isn't, which one kills more ppl. It's all about the tax, what can Uncle Sam get out of it.
that's why they pay me the big bucks :)
I just realized I have lived in my current house longer than any other place. Time to let someone else live here.
Because technology is flying, get your business humming with
"You see, I am a poet, and not quite right in the head, Darling. It's only that." ~ Edna St. Vincent Millay
"Gratefulness opens the vault to Blessing. Complaining shuts it."
how u say u got ny back or you right behind me a 100% but deep down inside you fake is hell
Long Day tomorrow... Goodnight
so u have a new bf name happy now? I can't keep up “: seeing your boyfriend walk through the door after a week of not seei #Happy”
oh nice! Weve toured to NC before, last summer! Hopefully we can again soon :)
You're nominated for a Teen Choice Award. Get your ass on here and celebrate!
WOW, thank you for the super mention! You are awesome!
Come on and drop it to the floor...(8)
I do ...good stuff
TY for sending out a msg abt our contest!
MT : "The country would be better off if more Americans got education you've received "
*raises eyebrow* how's that.
Please just get out of my head, its like they have a radar or something.
lmao what you mean?
pesto chicken, and chicken and herb m flat bread brick oven baked
cops were at my school today because a nudity picture was going around.
I think your mouth should be quiet cause it never tells the truth.
Already lost my voice fuck yes
were her for about 10 more minutes, all we've got left is the vegan taco and the soup
The only thing that's hurts about this loss,Is because mistakes caused it.
Swindle was a huge hit with our 4th grade book club!
Buy your Mom a Beautiful Neckalace!
I'm a Pandora girl!
I want to get to know you :). How could I... you never replied to me except once, but that one time was very appreciated.
Off to for breakfast!!!! LIFE IS GOOD!
Living the dream.
The fact that one side of your face is more elevated than the other <<<<<
How's your neck and back? : (
twitta thats when u grab somebody by they titty nipple
Sun's out! Walkmen on park stage playin a rollickin Rat. Park bar's out of lager. Proud I've done my bit.
“: Loved the IPA at Mariano's today. Just wish they had it in stock. I would have cleaned out the store” Nxt week
RT if you had an amazing time at this past Saturday for
which is why the doc mistook it for an Iowa cornfield
Hey there! Any of my old cronies around?
VNDMG Feb 13th at the Breathe/Milk Bar in San Francisco, CA!
be a good girl at dinner young lady!
RT! ": Aah, naked swimmers running through the halls :]"
That makes me want to pound my head on a desk and cry.
Happy birthday to #Brewers IF Craig Counsell!
Don't you just hate it when you have a bad bun day?
Nope...in a concourse many states away.
No matter what someone ends up pissed off at me
Hey had 2 go back & read yr timeline 2 find out all that's been going on with U. Will B your fan wherever U are. Family first!
yes they do. Have you ever been to the wieners circle?
'RN - Hello Ivonne - very nice to meet you ~ DJ
What i say when someone says they had moes "OMG! I love moes! It's like god became mexican and blessed us with that food"obvi its true right
Rare that the Sox have a nice quiet win like tonight's. No blowing out the other team, just getting the job done in offense/defense/pitching
Register today-Lofty Dog Halloween Fashound Show-Proceeds benefit local area rescues. Need a costume? We got em! www.austinbarkitecture.com
u know u like her.. dont deny it xD
I'm single because I'm too pretty to be dealing with your sorry behind!!!
#3words www.DealLookup.com saves money!
whut it do?!?
New year new taco We've got a yellow squash and jalapeño black bean vegan taco with toasted pumpkin seeds. Come try one at union station!!!
m okay then.
Oh, yeah! I though it was sunday. Shit, i still have one more day of work. Silly me. Well its 6:30 on a saturday.
Hope you had a fabulous Easter! :) J
I like that!
If PERRY is done as some are saying here...then who do conservatives support?
ALBUQUERQUE!! National Weather Service issued a Winter Storm Warning. Please be safe & Call Paul 24/7 @ 884-5583 - Water Flood or Roof Leaks
Everyone go follow my bro and my sis
that is a very constructive thought!
Mean Lars is mean.
RIP Jim Marshall. We'll crank the Park and Super Lead up in your honor.
The Repubs have managed to take over of the House with adding more districts with more Republican voters
I hope this isn't Fonzie jumping the shark. Once Who Wants 2 b millionaire brought back contestants, they lost me.
Dalet Unveils Dalet Galaxy, the Next Step in MAM Technology
is this April's fools?
HOW DOES THIS PIC THING WORK *____*
you can get them for like $5 then!
But let me guess. You're probably against Planned Parenthood, too.
Got it! Thanks so much!
Because sadly they validate themselves by what these athletes do - many sports fans are sad sacks.
gud night i need sum sleep
Sorry for party rockin!!....;)
I want to see incubus but besides that I'm kinda meh ... but for 25 bucks I'm willing to go.
Friday is Tri-Star Motors Day!
Are you opening an actual restaurant?
I can not wait for this new season of #DogTheBountyHunter to start....this show is my guilty pleasure.plus beth is kinda my role model. :D
Okay, I'm SUPER confused.. How is Shawntal already in love with Ben when she hasn't met him yet!? Someone please enlighten me.
R drummer Derek is going 2 B participating in the Drum Fight, December 13th @ The Crazy Donkey...doors R at 5...come dn
haha i could imagine ^.^
Just watched Chronicle...badass movie. Go watch.
Sorry, Can't understand your language.
I live in Fishers by I-69 so I'm going to get up to see you guys on a Tuesday
It greatly concerns me that he hasn't used his litter box yet......
Igor Stravinsky's Rite of Spring (1913) was the real arrival of "modern music."
A psycho on meds is still a psycho
No. I'm in NY lol was asking if I'm in LA.
I love me some Prince Harry ;) how you DOIN??
yeah! go have a fun run.
Am I the only person who could spend a half hour amusing myself with bubble wrap?
You're everything I never knew I needed & all I want for the rest of my life! I wear your last name with love & pride!
Cheeseheads are most entertaining during football season.
yes pretty much haha
Alex Jones and Trayvon Martin on now - Zenlive.tv
I love me some Family Guy & Sponge Bob though
uh oh I seen that before <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> like a whole different person
I know he loves me cause it's obvious <3
I would jump off a bridge for them. I WOULD KILL MY PARENTS FOR THEM, owait.. then i wouldn't have money.
what up twitter if im following u can u follow me im trying to get over 1000 followers come on follow me wwe super stars too come on follow
Sorry I missed ur Usteram . Its Angelina i have two accounts . and i share this one with Amelia
omg I have to go cuz I have to meet you<3333
Revving up for vs. Nats weekend with , , and ! #GoOs!
where u live!
Work out Check in: Who got their workout on today?
#know12 Traditional approaches now dying: reliance on small # of large partners; need to watch what's happening on startup front etc
hello, this is Elder Irvin Scott from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. Would love to connect to Urban Initiative.
Be careful who you call your friends. I'd rather have 4 quarters than 100 pennies.
Yeah i guess it's alright! Lmfao so have you seen him live before?(:
The Attendance office lady knows my name. :) #ImAlwaysLate #ShesSoSweetThough :)
(1) Wanted to give it time and see if maybe I changed my mind, (2) Yes. Meh. (3) Enumerators always seem a little OCD to me.
now I'm really curious - what was the item?
Such a great group! RT : So proud of my students--five DSA awards AND Freshman of the Year!
Thanks Will! #greatclient RT Breakfast cupcake at One more reason I like these people. yfrog.com/kjbcxhj
According to AdWeek, #Facebook fans are 78% more likely to purchase than non-fans. RT
I must be the only person on earth that hates spring. Because it means summer is around the corner.
We on
- Somewhere a chicken is dying.
PN allergic DD found a trail mix wrapper on the playground. Litterbugs are a double threat.
lol, Rock on!
Sounds like fun! :) Enjoy!
“: There are two things a person should never be angry at, what they can help, & what they cannot. -Plato” holy applicable.
RT : Help #ABQ Homeless! donated clothing, shoes & couches that will be on sale 's store today!
it would make my life if you followed me
Thanks for the #FF I know you guys have particularly big and juicy hearts!
Check it out pronto pronto...
Risk and privacy have at least two things in common: foundational concepts in the new infosec model and not very well understood.
Joint Venture Silicon Valley State of the Valley Conference, more than 1,000 attendees in the room and one elephant: Prop 13
Let me know what you all think and we can plan something.
#LessAmbitiousNovels The Grapes of Monotony.
##Buy Cheap Cutters Rookie Receiver 2.0 Gloves | Football ...
Eating dinner on Bourbon Street. Some things in Nawlins never change. I will let you figure out what I am talking about :) #New Orleans
Her mom sat and read with her for over an hour. (I sadly don't do storytime anymore, I manage and my YS librarian does)
HEY ALEX!;)
Hetty toddy softball!!!!!! #rebels!
poor baby
around what time should we look for
Woody Hayes just appeared to me to say he thinks this Buckeye offense is too neolithic.
I'm sure you do!
is a very abusive brother #notcool <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
loool....love you with no reason LoooL
OMG like so much! Huzzah for shirtless juggling. Blonde is AWESOME!
Your good morning texts to wake up too are greatt, but waking up to your face would be even betterr, <3
drag... tried to add my business to your listings but it said I was outside your boundaries
Omw to Chicago back home I I will miss your show tonight..
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again, this time more wisely.
Ghost was tall, dark figure in corner. Bootsie (cat) was surprisingly awake too! Egyptian mythology about warding off those from underworld
It really cracks me up when I hear women saying they want a "nice" guy, but then they go out with the first ass hole they meet.
Who wants to meet me in Detroit and pick up some trash? It's Earth Day, and if we can do it in Detroit the rest of the World can do it!
thank you for your composed tweet :p we shall work on videos in due time my friend... SUMMER 2011!!!
wow!! That is so long ago! I actually remember that though. Lol
nah saints just lost it, next year it's the cards big homie, btw you shoulda been pro bowler for sure
Nate's drumsticks smell like asshole...wait OMG.
2Pac "Dear Mama" just gets me every time. Dear Mama I hope you know you're appreciated! Everyday should be Mother's Day
Thanks for having me this was fun! Nice meeting you all. Goodnight :)
I hope the Lakers win. Beating them will be so much more satisfying!
You seem to have a very myopic view of the issue. Not meant pejoratively.
was arrested. All is fine now, nobody got hurt. But it was powerful!
Just realized today is Fat Tuesday. I guess I'll pour myself a hurricane while I catch up on emails.
Ready for the draft!
Los Angeles :)
Im so lost with you.
Conservatives take into account the whole man while Liberals tend to look only at the material side of man's nature - B Goldwater
As I scra\tch my heads trying to figure out what scra/tching is?
I thought i lost my AP book today
Dear Zeus, please give these fake bitches, a lightning bolt in the ass.
Orchid show with
Cough!!! cough!! ugh!!!! =>__<= my throats is burning like crazy :'p cough!!
are you ready for your party on Sunday ? :)
Hi. I need a follow back from you. So i can RT etc. your links. Thanks.
Buying goodbye gifts for 4 people that's it, the rest of dem people can kiss my cats ass.
Thank you, Escape2Create in Seaside, FL, for your support of the arts. Hope to write with you all again soon.
Been on my studio grind this whole weekend!
COME BUY A JAM SHIRT!
Occupy San Diego seems mildly interesting at best. I am undecided re: my 2012 representative. Is there even an Occupy Honolulu?
me and Sarah have the same eyes lol and his are like hazel
Can some scientist create a Bubba Oosthuizen so I don't have to deal with this kind of thing again?
RT I would love to see the Monopoly guy fight the Pringles Guy. Who do you think would win?
Cup of tea like a sir.(;
Stephen A. Smith>>>
Woot! is the man.
in bed? naahhh
I've got 6 of the rhythm charts done for Friday. 4 to go. Sidetrack as I was hired to do 4 choir arrangements for a church for Easter.
We have lives.
Currently reading Designing the Obvious: A Common Sense Approach to Web & Mobile Application - We're working on a mobile version of our site
The NFL should make the uprights 10 feet higher. Too many kicks nowadays go too high and make it hard to judge if it is good or not.
Kaykay back to annotating. Half way doneskii <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
": #OneThingIDontLike is being used. If you want me, it should be always, not only when you need something."
If Tucson competed for a Superbowl venue, what changes would we need to make to do this? Take the survey!
Grinding bro knocking out ya gift! The Next Up Mixtape!
At least it's outside your window and not inside your window! :)
29th Annual National Retired Military Golf Classic set for Myrtle Beach, SC: "This is the largest and best military golf tournament i...
My Christmas is spend time on the F'n road Back home to Memphis!? Woo hoo... Not...
Finalizing the interview with Should be available for download by the end of the day!
was absolutely phenomenal narrating Goliath by Thank you for a lovely experience. Read more YA books, please!
im following lol
I never use the phrase, "Your guess is as good as mine" because, well... it's not.
Hey Marquette... Who's studying tonight? You're almost done!
Last film I saw: Drive. Amount of films I've wanted to see since then: 2,000. Man, I need to find the time to sit in a damn theater
LOL i feel you but once I know I will DM you and you will know. You my #Bestie, I wont have ANY secrets from you
naw I only listen to u must think this is Facebook Shawty!”)
RT : "Entrepreneurs can do today what only governments and big corporations could do a few decades ago." -
RE: #GhettoWaysToDie Trampled to death while "Occupying WalMart."
Lightning talk: Marilyn, Preservation Maryland. Advocacy, outreach, funding. Grant program for preservation-related projects
We had such a great time! Thanks to everyone who came to our booth!
Another ridiculously beautiful day in Albuquerque! I feel so bad for my friends in NYC!!
a bout it girl we live in
Boston chapter ASLA (BSLA) is thinking about having a LARE workshop in October. Anyone interested?
Working from home in #queens #newyork and I just felt an #earthquake. Who knows where the closest fault line is?
Im not focused...
Car shopping
mission impossible(;
My mom is yelling at the tv lmfao *priceless*
So many incredible applicants!!! Can't wait for interviews :)
iknooooo blah at least its the last week if school lol
Tonight is gonna be awesome. I got these heart-print pajamas I'm going to be eating Indian leftovers in.
I love that movie.
Watching on SNL. I know I"m late but I'm so excited!
Crap! Thats not god!
Outta here ;/ its just irkin and a bunch of weirdos in gym
Perfection? ha! Your fucking dumb!
I've decided to make a cake with baxter.
“: Gym time. what are we lifting today?” squats till you both puke duh, dont be a pussy Marino.
Getting a kick out of They tweet real ad copy from the 1900s!
ur welcome! keep up the fun tweets! they definitely help entertain me on the bus :)
Right is RIGHT.. even if only a few people are doing it.
Just finished weekly supervisor meeting. Lots of new tasks!
gurl.. U rock,luved the show!! If she's coming to ur city check it out- definitely worth it!!
just seeing your name light up on my phone makes me smile more than anything..<3
AWESOME RT : London calling. #Chipotle opened it's first restaurant in London today at 114-116 Charing Cross Road.
If he loved you like he says, wouldn't he be the one texting you right now telling you your beautiful instead of me?
Ha! Love the beer/kettlebells comparsion!! Happy St. Patty's Day!!
Miller now taking it too Blake
Happy Mother's day out there. To all mothers...whether your kids have two legs or four...it's your day.
Del Frisco's Restaurant Group LLC Tuesday filed registration papers for an IPO of shares 3 years after pulling the plug on a previous IPO.
Based on my social and financial experience I find my self in a qaundry politically
taking in toyhauler for some repairs, before big trip in july for SANDFEST!!!
Most dance studios are enjoying a spring "break" this week. What are you doing for your business this week that tends to be forgotten...
also your going to connecticut on march 9th right?
Two glasses of wine and singing in a fine nasal twang, Please Daddy Don't Get Drunk This Christmas. We could be in for a long day tomorrow.
haha apparently they're doing it wrong!
Ready to see today!:)
It takes nothing to start a company.. so put ideas out there and see if they get traction
Ain't it wonderful to be where I've always wanted to be.
I'm at home with Sally.
The Lou did it! #loveeternal baby as always! A great night no matter what but the win icing on the cake! Love u!
Showed my age, and was tragically bummed, when meeting w/ 'kids' who had never seen the move 'brazil';
man....i havent been tweeting in a long time...
Good, how are you! Where are you working?!
23 #Beers on Tap Countdown: #21: Wee MAC Scottish Brown Ale
follow and dm me i stay n atl im 14
Taking a picture of the moon is actually really hard... So I'll let you all do it.
Here we go!! Digital Dolls in the building!! Lets get Hyphy!! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C> Sheeeeeeeeow!! Hehe
Off to a good day. No mr lloyd
So pumped for wango tango back stage
Where are you in Twitterspace?
Glad to see a City supporters club in DC! Will be in town for the Manchester Darby, any tips on where to watch w supporters?
Sadly, indeed. It's a generational thing. We've got to wait it out.
The course sounds great, thanks for sending!
that shit gone b crazy...who u think gon eat the most?
3 to tie it. now in overtime
It's time... #midnightbreakfast is tonight at Palladium & Weinstein 11pm-1230 am. See you there!
If you don't know why Honey Bee is trending, catch up hereplease retweet
This year will exhibit for the 1st time. “We’ll be able to cut deals on the spot,” says VP Jonathan Benjamin
I think used to be 11:11 Theater(?). They might be able to help with context for the history. Hmm..
So glad to have back & her infectious and impossible to mimic laugh coming down the hall! cc:
Didn't sleep. Today shall be grand!
i'm just ME that's it.!
Is it art, or just really cool design? What makes it art?
thanks ;) u know u are
I woke up about an hour ago and I'm thinking about going back to bed! Lol
Daddy: "Well, you know its cinco de mayo, so i was gonna make mexican food and margaritas" Mommy: "I'm on a diet.!" lol
When is Android 2.2 coming OTA to the Incredible?
Sending a copy of your way today, Sophia! xo
and for anyone who thinks this is a hitting coach fix is a shmuck
SPIStudyAbroad thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Thank you Patrice!
I don't care! I don't care anymowoah! (in my Phil Collins voice)
I love this quote! "The secret to a rich life is to have more beginnings than endings." Dave Weinbaum Here's to new beginnings!!
Steak n shake in Richmond.
What are some ways you save money when you're working promotions?
Doing what I do best. Well, within the top 5 at least.
I sold it and it was a Shitty black 8 gb 3G
4 myself you got a man
That's why I've always kept mine small. Tho, I will warn you, toothpicks have been known to put eyes out.
did u see that sign woman was holding at OWS? thats what the reference is too, I couldnt find the link, anyway, do well be good
:) RT : I love that quote. I'm pasting it in my notes for this week's statistics lecture right now
Pretty much...
Thanks for your gracious plug! The #Internetismagic; and you, kind Sir, are a tech-savvy sorcerer of all sorts. SAN FRAN or bust!
Happy Birthday to my boy you crazy bastard
I think I need more help understanding twitter.
3 days left of school!!! :D
where ya goin?
Release date posted shortly for "Live from Sun Studio". It's an iTunes exclusive.
30th on 30th is TONIGHT! On the front patio : $3 pork belly tacos and $2 30th Street Pale Ales. Starts at 6pm. DJs at 8pm.
It's Monday, it's raining. We're all allowed to be snarky.
I can only hope for such a glorious ending.
Do you think the Timeline is similar to a resume? How else can it be used in the job...
Thanks, doll. I can't wait until game time! #GoPackGo!
THEY ADDED A LOUISVILLE, KENTUCKY DATE!!!!!!!
4th of July weekend special: Mention our ad in the Arcadia News and get 10 percent off your purchase!
much love!
RT : Beautiful calico cat~Sunday Jasmine, is entered, too! You should come to #ChocoTweetup! Benefits
Oh snap... Were bad assh (:
Btw, Lawrence is nuts. People lining outside bars at 6am to get prime seats for the semi-final game.
wine?? Lol and of course give her your love ;)
Couldn't let me have my moment eh Bean? Had to go and one up me? And on mother's day? You're lucky I <3 ya >;-)
Booze Broads & Hot Rods #14 ***PRE-PARTY*** Friday, April 13 w/ Wayne Hancock be there!
I DO WHAT I WANT!!
Watching Heat basketball.
LOLOLOL :P RT : He blocked me again, How many times are we gonna play this game Kalin White.
Can you help me with the adoption post? never heard of anti-adoption people (I'm an adult adoptee, and I adopted my daughter)
RT : off you've not tried the mozzarella caprise you should
The only people you need in life are the ones that need you in theirs.
i gave up on you. not because i don't care but because you don't.
Lol why do i feel like im gunna get into trouble over one of my health journals i just wrote where i wrote down my problems with our school
I'm using a storage POD right now to help move
9 minutes left in the second half -- Bombers up 94-73 over 's B-team.
Thanks for the RT, Matt!
I sent my son to this camp, each camper receives very good football instruction. The camp is a very good experience. Richie Anderson, NY Jet
You're single because you fall for people on the covers of the magazines.
The winners were announces yesterday, scroll down in our twitter feed for names & pictures.
Let's go Lakers let's go!
Good sunday err what? ^___^
im upset but ICONic Boyz did make history and will always be my favorite congrats to IaME they were really good but im really sad :(
I did hear it. He played it for me himself... Feel free to be jealous :)
Whats worse, no one actually feels secure. If you getting attacked it takes dude at least 10 minutes to get out of his seat
ill mean alot if you follow mee i love youu
I don't EVEN wanna know! Lol smh
HBOMBBBBBBBBBBB #1 all start!!! U need to show nada how to party!
Never underestimate the power of Monkey Hands!
onside? WTF are u smoking? Need a Rogers int this drive!!!!!!!!
Come experience our garden space, great cuisine, and fabulous wine located in the meat packing district.
she loves me
Is this a real page
Obama's student loan push helps him court crucial young voters - ABC News
Before you question how ESPN managed to hire an Internet scammer, remember this is the company that willing employs Skip Bayless.
so glad to see john simpson is riding his bike again!
Those are 3 of life's staples, guess it was inevitable :)
Colombia sex scandal. Military: 11 involved in Colombia scandal; 6 Army, 2 Marines, 2 Navy and 1 Air Force.
thanks david!
Gosh darn I feel great after a good workout....Minor league tryouts here I come
if it were LSU/ALA..it would be game of century
im so jealous ! , i wish i would of known u were in WV :/ hope it turned out great!
Ferry Building farmers market!
Feels good to get back into a routine.
wow. I thought I'd like the extra time to plan and grade. Did that happen?
Yes! Puppy babys are the sett!!!:)
lmao ! and go eat at fancy restaurants (;
Nah. M&Ms are a great stay-on-task tool. Dole them out slowly as rewards. (Without peanuts works best.)
great presentation today!
I definitely meant Thursday.
you forgot !!
EXCITED TO SHARE that my client lost 60% body fat with me working with him. (C .Villar, DC) Ya-hooo!!
Thankful to all my new followers, but feeling anxious as I'm so behind in connecting w all of u!
nothing cool like that!
the police don't target or profile black n brown people, I'm sorry but that's laughable.
OMFG SHE BLOCKED ME.
! RT : "You really want somebody like that? Somebody who falls apart when you walk out the door?" - Toni Morrison
I added you already idk what mine is
You blow that money money..
: Thanks Jack, very kind of you. Have a great weekend!
Is #Cheerleading a #Sport? Read what a judge thinks here-ussportspages.com
aw its from this summer when these 3 girls won some m&g. i WISH it was new.
yea but he's gonna hv to do it all himself (w/Andrew if they utilize him correctly) so I don't see it happening
A Miracle of Love...
Whoever wins this game will be tired on Monday against OKC.
Going to fall asleep listening to the Brewer game tonight, nothing better. Only 8 months until the World Series
i hate algebra <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Not in the mood today! Sweats and messy hair is what's up
Gel nail polish was the worst idea. Can NOT get this off!
its whatever!!!
Y'all faking bout da shit!
It's only a matter of time before the money starts to roll in! ;)
Okay, maybe not Christmas. Like finding out your project assignment in a favorite class? Maybe? I've always loved the planning.
Nothing makes me want to put a gun to my head quite like the sound of moths bouncing off of light fixtures.
Waiting for the new Bond movie.... If you need a villain for the next one, let me know.....LOL
Thanks for the retweet! Go #Brewers and Go Amy!
:) how are you, Brian? Haven't tweeted with you, in awhile!
Good morning! Early one for me thanks to my youngest little boy. 4:00 a.m. is not quite what I had in mind.
Good morning my fellow TweetHearts...hope your weekend was as pleasant as mine!
What was your favorite holiday event this weekend? The Parade, , or the walkabout?
don't hate on the biebs! Lol
can we go beyond the gallery of thumbnails?
"MY" page, "MY" tweets...if you're easily offended about what " I " tweet, unfollow me :) ...not like I asked you to stay anyway lol.
But Wall Street doesn't need more regulation. No sirree.
love it ;) saving!
cause I have plans tomorrow with some one else so idk if I'm going or not
Oh.. can you follow me so we can message.. (;
Thanks for the follow, Aric.
I tried
just followed her man!
just sent u a direct message
Somebody keep me posted on this heat/pacers matchup...thx in advance
EVERYONE FOLLOW!!!
yea really...
It's going to get hot around here. Already is. Whew.
Happy birthday best friend ! <U+E312><U+E312><U+E312>
These commercials #Winning have me weak everytime i see one.
The most important meal of the day w/
I feel like a hero and you are my heroine Do you know that your love is the sweetest sin?
-.--|! COME GET YOUR CRUNK ON..... SATURDAY MATRIX --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Just watched someone's donut tire blow out. That is some bad luck
no icing? Are you crazy?
VISUAL ACOUSTICS OPENS DECEMBER 11TH IN PORTLAND AT LIVING ROOM THEATERS AND IN ATLANTA AT PLAZA THEATRE.
Whats wrong with the cell phones
Call for Free Overnight Delivery! Last chance to get it in time for Christmas. 888-343-5638
Our 200th tweet!
;) RT : Even when local is a 2 hour drive! RT : #SMCNSB "It's all about making local connections."
ha ha I text you once :-) I no response :-( new number??
wow, the athiests have really zeroed in on that one
Ah...Just got a bio/artist statement request. Those things are so lame.
Why do people always have to be total dicks to me then wonder why I'm having a bad day?
that is awsome!!
God demonstrates his own love for us in this: While we were still sinners, Christ died for us. -Romans 5:8
I NEED TO SHOWER NOW
Be Unstoppable!
was fantastic
Thanks for the heads up about the Share widget, I'll check that out!
Hubby ran 15 miles this morning. I took 2 kids to the grocery in the rain. Not sure who had it worse...
we're kindred spirits! :-)
Let's start a revolution, and this time change the rules of engagement. No violence, no outrage. Lets just get unplugged.
Tim Russell stole your money
I don't know too many like you
nice, what kind? I'm doing homework that I forgot about.
please supply us all with a quote of how much #NFC will cost to print on 10k printed postcards.
A1: only one really causes controversy with is players/reps -- this has an effect on many levels just depends what side ur on
“Life may not be the party we hoped for, but while we're here we should dance.”
memory lane....
2 chainz and champagne, you want true, that's true enough
Listening to my all time favorites and :)
you had to be a big shot last night??? // billy joel, big shot
thanks for the RT!
How was Marquee last night did you have fun with the boys after I left ?
RT are people going to respect who we are what were like if we are going to act like asses and step it up respect those who are around us
but I don't know; I've made more comments!
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
I like your backround :)
That moment when you go back through 30 issues of published content because what seemed like "a few issues ago" was really 2007.
Preparing for Prism launch week with - Get excited, !
wasn't this supposed to happen at 4pm est? LOL... hurry up my movie is about to start... ;-)
Watching So you think you can dance!<3
I ended up saving the aforementioned perfect stick. The time to spark will be revealed to me tomorrow by
NOH8?What does that stand for? Is that like Be A Star the anti bullying campaign WWE is doing?Thankyou for explainig it to me.
Compared to the outgoing model, the MKX has gained some noteworthy technologies, such as a new 3.7-liter V6
Gurls With All That Plastic Surgery. Need To Stop. You Dont Need That To Be Beautiful And All The Attention.Your Great Just the way you are.
I wonder how many of those 62% are reaching their target audience and engaging them.
Who's hungry?? NOLA Food has everything you need for finals!
I can't wait until this upcoming Andre 3000 Album!!! Do ya Damn Thang…You ain't Fresh Squeezed Juice Nigga You that Tang!!!
Love using MS Word snipping tool to add jpeg to #Animoto!
Human belief should not base itself on human traditions or authority.
Stinky Gringo Margaritas coming to Goody Goody stores in Texas soon! Ask for us!
RT : Romeo & Juliet isn't a love story. It's a 3-day relationship between a 13 & 17 year old that caused 6 deaths.
#Cowboys w a very nice pick, to say the least
oh, there is a new quest! Done!
was thinking of that today. I went to Cinco de Mayo and they had this weird mexican fruit syrup that said it could go on snoballs
Asian guy doung my nanas nails and my nana says this is a pretty table and he says "yeah and its not made in china" lmao
The water is powerful, I tell you.
Make your neighbors wall Jealous! Hang a #MIKELPATRIK original!!
Do not want to go to work today :(
Happy Hump Day all! Working on a children's charity art project today - so happy! Spreadin' the good vibes :) Xoxo
Job-wise there's been quite a few places hiring but I'm actually trying to relocate out of state. :P
Females Who Hold Their Man Down Through ANY Struggle Deserves NOTHING LESS than The BEST.
I love you too! (: how is school going for you??
Thanks for your feedback. It's much appreciated.
Chillin watching some netflix, successful day
thank god for Thai Truck Tuesday
Pay no attention to my last tweet i am I just bored AF rn...
RT : T3: Some #ACOs will succeed, some probably wont. Just like
walked around a bit, kinda reminds me of west hollywood
Hello to our wonderful mentors! Happy to see you on here!
Hope our new followers won't think it's a bait-and-switch when all we do is post about Body Count several times a day.
I used to think Lugo was just short for Logomasini
and I apply YOLO to everything in this career fair xD.
What hasn't mentioned is that he cut the foam around the items in the case. That's what's interesting about it. Apparently.
Turducken for dinner!!
#cil2010 where's lunch? Someone else must be hungry.
RT : According to the Sentencing Project, 5.3 million Americans are denied the right to vote because of a felony conviction.
did you know mystikal was in louisville tonight?
thanks for linking us!
Can't hurt! I'll do it, too. : Today I will send healing thoughts to troubled spots around the world.
Was outside playing with alex and brandons coon. :)
Turbulence at Spirit Airlines After CEO&#39;s Comments
I was on , and started laughing really hard when I saw that there was a One Condoms street team. Made my week. :')
#FF These people are doing big things too!
Life is good... I'm super busy between school, work, babysitting... How are you?
. looking forward to your SF show saturday. do you guys allow audience audio recording?
if I get 2 airport 2.5hrs early and earlier flight has room & is 15 mins from depart u shld accommodate not charge me
Watching New Orleans Hornets at Denver Nuggets with Viggle Fri | 7PM | Altitude Sports and Entertainment Network
Life is to short to not be yourself !<3
Can't wait to hear it!
I'm a lucky dad... they are super sweet kids
One thousand fans, hot d*mn! It feels good to be surrounded by so many great people.
yes hey arnold is the best
followed, RT my stuff please!!
Shutting down now....
To the easter traffic/people that made my wait at 20 minutes longer, I hope you all get nailed to a cross and Burned to death.
DOES ROC REALLY GOES W/ SOME GIRL CUZ IM CONFUSED.
My mom just told me I was an orange..
Wow, that's a joke for a narrow audience right there!
just found a branch had started on the wrong changeset, so he diff'd the bad start against the good start, edited the patch, and applied it.
I love you and miss you pretty girl! (:
February 15th is what our distributor says
Since I have started my New Years diet and training for boxing and MMA fights again, I have dropped two pants sizes! ;)
thanks for the tweet max!
Interception!!!! Suck it Trebeck
Wow! So fun getting to hang out at such a cool #portland urban
Looking for theorem 11.11 hoped it be the area of a unicorn....
I would kill for some philly cheesesteak spring rolls right now....
Tourism industry & DMOs want travellers to spend *more*. Travellers want to go more places, experience more for *less* money.
We left overstuffed, but here through the weekend and back next month!
Listen To The Things Someone Tells You When They're Pissed Off . . That's When The Truth Comes Out .
Dengue Fever - Sober Driver - 01:36 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Bring Back Ringer 11
Looking for a gift for a gift exchange. Any #Milwaukee specific ideas?
Sorry I was keeping you away from the gym. My bad! Totally my fault!
Oscar worthy RT : And the award for best actor goes to ... the punter from Wisconsin. Badgers are Big Ten champs
Went to the Brick Wall tonight. Had a Double Chocolate Stout. Reminded me of the chocolate stout I made B 4I tried to put cherries in it.
RT : SANTA arrives in #Littleton in 6 hours! Reindeer, candles, 1,000s of lights, free hot cider. Does it get any...
Flushed five dead frogs down the toilet today... #disgusting #neveragain. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B8> <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00BD> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Cloudlands Opens tonight at South Coast Repertory!
"How to carve a turkey," "dog reindeer costume" and "umbrella hat."
it embeds XML in the source. If you got past that, you're dead to me.
or I wish I lived near by.
#NeverTellAGirl she's fat.
has a three day weekend. Wait. What?
Ha! Yes but I wonder how they can legally justify the arrest? Its bothering me. I gotta find out
If love is sweet as a flower, then my mother is that sweet flower of love.
tell us what we have to do to get ranked. We are already winning by shutouts. Donation to your favorite charity?
"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you’ve imagined."
Jessica, can you call me at John Eichten at 612-333-7990 today, Monday? I have a question for you...
the house in kent
Can't wait for sushi tonight! :)
DC. Good to see so many people come out to support Red Baraat. Place was PACKED.
HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!!!!
Watch ima give you an example
I'm thirsty...but the kitchen is stupid far
RT : Fiber makes apartment rentals more attractive 2 prospective renters #bbcsum12 <- Tweeps, hit me up for story I wrote on this
about $200k per pound
In February, Trade Press Services helped a vision solutions firm get published in a data center journal.
so down..... Again
She's back on FB and trying to ignore the class.
Stop the violence..
Fuck Fly I Am Fashion
Ugh do not want a midterm this morning.
Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible. - Frank Zappa
Hey Tiffy here , I just gotta say I have mad <3 for you! Since day one u were and still are my fave BSB <3 u r amazing!
Today's K Atty Tip: agency's bidding on a project 4 u? Ask what the bill rate = 4 atty pay rate to find out what is REALLY the best deal.
Yes! Good first step - but it is definitely a bit more fun to have a variety of flavors. :)
i second that!
One last blast of nice weather coming through. Well, we can hope for one more after this.
Roaaarrrr! This week's interview goes into the depths of the bear and cub communities. Come out come out wherever you are--
RT : RT : If a guy can’t handle you in sweat pants, he sure as hell doesn’t deserve you in a wedding dress.
FayetteB2B tomorrow at noon. Fayetteb2b.com.
It's a shame couldn't last longer than 10 hours of drinking today
very dissapointing outing Saturday DC United vs. LA Galaxy draw, but we didn't loose
not lying at all :p
kicks off in the #cmlounge at #sxsw convention center! Come one, come all and see this app showdown!
text me shanice
Happy birthday nigga!
#RAW Brock Lesnar is what the wwe has been missing.
is that the Tennessee Challenege or Sea Rays?
Who would've thought that my broken german will get me a nice room at a hostel in
Dont be an inconsistent supporter! Despite the fuck ups show them luv like they won the championship. Win lose or draw!!
Usa wants iran to return the drone that was flying over iran??? Bitch #whatwasyouthinking ?
Wrestling with a mild #billycurrington addiction and I didn't even think I liked country music!
this is really true
Ahoy, there! Thanks for the follow!
V is for dinosaur! I wish I were French...
#foreveralone ?!?! Are you kidding! Hahaha your the sweetest guy, anybody would be lucky to havee you<3
First day of spring break and im going to the doctor...
Listening to THG soundtrack and score. TY, :-) Nice way to wake up.
seriously RT'ing everyone but me .. Ok.
Great resource!
“: do you girls have a CD out yet? I keep looking for it but can't ever seem to find one! Thanks and keep up the great music!” YES!
Aww. What a sweet trending topic. You guys are gonna make me cry! Forever in MY heart, too. Love you all.
Just got this text, "So far gone" .. .. .. -___- .. .. .. Wth be going through people's minds?! Ask me do I care, gone is good lol damn
ur really gay
Keta's Potluck: Remembering when the salesman came to the door - Green Bay Press Gazette
damn. Your mom couldn't have any sausage?
Who wants a shoutout?
What would you think of Phil Knight buying the Blazers???
When did it become acceptable for youths to stand around when others need their help? My mother would KILL me if I did that!
After walking around Books-A-Million I found so many books I want! :)
Can u keep a secret?
I give him props for coming here with his son but....
That awkward moment when you drop a full ashtray.
I love my travel agent! Getting an email from her = adventure!
yes, I would miss the Claires Boutique where I first got my ears pierced in 1992..
Join #rivals and tommorrow night (WEDS) to veiw the premiere of MTVs latest show ? ?
in da studio wit Mr. Smith and the CEO
not mad. Why r u concerned?
And thanks to for recommending
Marketing only works if you are giving people something they want in terms of classes etc.
Oh, you have to summit Mount 3G for reliable cell service. Insider tip!
who will be a better NBA player, Patty Mills or Nolan Smith? -Sean in Hillsboro
Great to meet you today, ! Enjoyed seeing your work.
Ladies night!!
Logan Square Farmers' Market is much bigger this year! We're going to get an extra something each week for preserving. Today was asparagus.
Its really hard out here ": I CAN APPLY FOR FOOD STAMPS IN THE FALL! PRAISE JESUS <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>"
somewhere Mike Holmgren is smiling
I think it's "cheesy".... OMG I NEED INTERNET
Thanks for the follow! =)
Interesting, thanks for sharing - this is exactly our next step: building our audience further!
-thanks! It was a fantastic time with over 500 Discoers!
had some friends try it and the love it. Today is the first day so I have not heard anything back but people are ordering it :)
Thank you for your sweet tweet! Happy V-Day!
why is everyone moving so slow today
Good to know
Registered for #PubCon this year in Vegas. Pretty excited to get back into the connected world.
my bestie is a egg right now!! Lol
I had a cavity drilled and filled today. It was far less painful than watching that awful #Yankees game 2nite with all of #Arod 's at bats
People that lie only hurt themselves...enough said
Also he may make you send awkward texts to local friends.
SO dang tired. i've already worked out and had a rockstar, why am I so sleepy?! ;( blaaahhhh
Enjoyed Super Freakonomics. About to start Gladwell's newest book...well after the Eagles game.
I don't work nights lol. I work from 11-5 except Sundays and Thursdays those are my days off.
Thanks to anyone who joined us on Facebook! We will donate $1,000 to the Hoglund family in support of their journey to Hong Kong to adopt!
Wow thanks so much for keeping us in mind during your travels! Please fill us in on your travels when you have a chance
Looks delicious..
Mud Hole Road Atv Mudding - dirt bikes for 300
In a pinch, sometimes alcoholics get drunk on Listerine. But who can blame them when the cap doubles as a shot glass?
hell YA
Animal Kingdom wins the Kentucky Derby. Love the horses name.
RT : Just used for the first time to buy a ticket. Great experience.
Why is it the ringer on my phone only works at innappropriate times? Movies. Funerals.
": When someone really loves you, they don't have to say it. You can always know it by the way they treat you" good shit bruh
New to this - trying to see what its all about...
i got a gig for us. Sat in muncie. #topofthelineentertainment <TOP OF THE LINE>
I just saw !! My day has been made.
#Blessings Ty!! Thank you!!
What!?? You damage my Twitter rep man! I was only responding to an article, haha.
Yo check out And drink some whiskey for me.
We now have the ability to fabricate in lengths up to 21'0".
Watching #Vietnam in HD. amazing. fascinating. gut wrenching. impressively put together. Thanks for telling this story.
omg i love u soo much. plz follow me
I thought I left all this nonsense behind when I moved back to Oregon. p.s. I know amazing ENT in Cincinnati, a game-changer
I am studying public relations and I am interested in fashion. I have checked PR couture for internships but none online
With Gamel likely out the season. . .paging Matt LaPorta? Or perhaps Derrek Lee is in shape?
#WordPress #Tools Ajax Comment Preview – Allows readers to preview their comment before submitting.
!!! RT Can I get a dm or mention damn !
favorite color?
do u hold kickboxing classes on the weekends? Rates?
Dude. First off we're a company, not a person & second we don't think you're very fancy.
Favorite Greinke start ever was in Texas his Cy Young year. Only seen Pedro dominate more. Grieve basically sainted Zack on their broadcast
Just attended the Dorchester Collection Fashion show at The Beverly Hills Hotel! Going to interview Derek Blasberg!
nope, me too. Goddamn noisy box.
Norm on art and science but within the sciences are all diff ways of seeing. Agreed that we need more conversations about this.
Laws are a dead letter without courts to expound and define their true meaning and operation.
pretty name
Follow My instagram :*
Enjoying a warm cup of coffee on this chilly day! :)
“: I'll be there this summer.” haha where are you living NYU Dorms or Windsor Court?
I know! It's like she's not even addressing the criticisms
The lighters come out. RIP Johnny Cash.
Already chillen at rave!! I feel like a straight nerd
Hey, We met at last month's Learning Event (it's Paul). Turns out I was already following you on Twitter.
honestly anything, I'm trying to get back on at Target lol
Its a good ass day
People who stare should be punched in the face!!
I saw that plane!
the #shakeweight is one fascinating piece of equipment. tomorrow ill give it a go at the gym
no... Cover it live seems to be down or flooded right now...
. Happy Birthday Kate.
Im jealous
HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY!
Marta says "I have a tiara on. I can't be unhappy"
Gm twitter ppl hmu
Happy mother's day to all the moms out there.
I may as well rename Draco to Scooby. He's scared of everything.
Ooh brave! we came this/close to sending u to the mountain! ;-)
Is there any room for My Eggo in between, perhaps? RT
well said!!!!!!!! I'm also a Singer/songwriter and I'm willing to give it my all to be successful at it(ijustwanttobesuccessful)
2 great investment turnkey multi family properties in Honeoye Falls contact me for information
I don't think it's coincidence that the #TeenMom girls have to be subtitled despite supposedly speaking English.
Just had the John Holmes of bananas. Hadn't eaten one that big in ages.
Only go down the grocery aisles you need.
We made it. Its awkward. So many people im related to but don't know. At all.
That has to follow my owner she's crying on me! Yuckk.
Maybe I'll bury myself in this terribly late conference paper and forget about teaching for now.
I show up to this spot called OShucks to have a burger and there goes that Brian Berrebbi guy again! Stalker!!!
I have a feathered cupids arrow..my wit is quick so u may need to duck my feathered friend!
"He's an asshole. But he's my asshole." "That is a good ass analogy." ........
RT : #ff some of my favorites!
lol take a trip to Stockton & come visit me !
your not invited no more chode Dave
RT if you want me to tweet a pic of myself! lol this probably won't get much RT's.
yea I've been reading this fanfic and you do some dirty things yea so yea you're a slut hun.
Just another CRAZY day at Studio B Smiles! Never a dull moment around here. That's why we love it! :)
omg no I hate when my timeline is like full of people it literally refreshes every .6373894 seconds haha it's so annoying!
Oh man you guys, I just discovered two new still-tacked pockets! This is just the blazer that keeps on giving.
r u feeling the song?
Free student tickets are still available for India Night and International Night, stop by before they run out!
Become a friend of on Facebook and receive a special discount on the opening night #film and party! Check now for the coupon code!
jesus christ is mercury always in retrograde?
Who gives a fluff about avatar?
as it was in the beginning, is now, and ever shall be (altar server ftw)
Project: Buyback
Is it me but why the suspicious looking people never have a problem passing airport security? SMH
ahah kinda their hair is definitely alike lol:)
Wow. I haven't been through my list in awhile obviously. I'm following Amy Winehouse still. Rip you crazy chic.
This was a staple in the horror section back in the day. Totally forgot about it. I love the title-fangs design. Classic!
Thank you so much guys!! #iFollowAll #teamfollowback :D
Hamilton County Democrats crack me up... Isn't it about time for you folks to have your convention in a phone booth again?
Haahhaahahahahahahahaahahahaha wow way to find something "better"
The Crazy Thing About I Been Knew I Had It!
okay! Done :)
The website is in the final testing phase! We hope to unveil it soon! Stay tuned for the go live date.
i hate when girls pretend to like sports so boys think they're cute, lol no
Had a Crazy session with trainer, & two other ladies. There was lots of sweating, breathlessness, & jumping & running, burpees-big fun!
oh and I can not get that darn ASPCA song out of my head.
An elongated preparation does not deny your purpose but gives you a little while longer to reign for a season.
Its like I keep fallin asleep unintentionally at the same time every night.....no matter wat I got planned or who enroute to me;(
must just be my lucky day. Lol
Natalie portman is sweetheart she has been classy and beautiful mike huckabee is a scumbag and trash
I declare we shall lunch at The Noble Pig during the month of June.
congrats on the latest round!
Thank you for following! t_wool97
Eddwuan and Stacie talking about Teen Wolf....isn't that the show where they have the economically disadvantaged version of Twilight?
thanks for sharing thomas!
May the Lord fulfill your beautiful heart's desires and bless you with many more yrs! #ILOVEYOU! C: <3
AH!! I'm afraid to ask... Are the tickets reasonably priced? Oh who am I kidding, we'll be going anyways. THIS WILL HAPPEN.
Every Sunday night KIDS EAT FREE at Paesanos ELK GROVE.Get a FREE Kid's meal (under 10) with the purchase of an adult entree! Dine in only.
Loving to see incoming and outgoing mail by on #ShowAndMail!
Right back at ya!
Happy bug bunny day everybody
Looks like Monterey to me. Just a few hours up the coast!
A Healthy Smile Tip from Kravitz Dental: Keep your toothbrush covered when not in use so that it isn't subjected to harmful bacteria!
reading the vampire diaries: the return nightfall
Tuned into the #AwarenessInc webinar. Looking forward to learning from !! :)
just the up to my usual antics... No big deal
i just notice i have a bruise on my arm /: from ruben punching me! t-.-
swallow them whole!(:
Cameron Diaz=Boob Job!!
Thank you! xo RT : happy travels!
On the roof downtown, ready to #spottheshuttle !
Congrats Giants... We will be back next time... Go pats :)
#flizzor refuses to beg for nothin
Stayed up too late last night with hatching a plan. But now we have a plan!
I just hit u back
At the beach(: wiith baby charlie!
this has happened to me a few times here while piss drunk. It's very confusing and often times I tell him to pull over and I exit
lmao @ CNN pre-debate coverage. They're desperately trying to make it a 2 person while he who shall not be named's supporters surround them
Good morning tweeters! Send us pics of your costumes from last night! We want to know how our fans celebrated!
didn't hear all the tracks on the album bit what I did hear was good
Pretty cool and interactive... by the way... still no new slide deck
. help, I'm tweeting and I can't stop
Thanks so much. Never been to Asia. On my list when I finish the show.
anyone wanna see a preview of the first ever wear liberty photo shoot?
Thanks for following!
Heading back up to IWU to join the crew in leading the final session of the Awaken conference. And I'm hungry. In multiple ways.
Wish I Was At My Friends Quinces '
Sweet! New dev environment is up and NYCoders are about to get busy...
Omaddys gulfport rock shrimp risotto blackened mahi, pinot blue..lunch with view
Nice. You guys have the ultimate hookup. I'm insanely jealous. I had forgotten how much I love the movies until Cabin & Avengers
congrats :D
Ughh!!! Im So Bored!
Ha thanks. Are you around for the #LocalChefChallenge this weekend?
Who's your favorite Texas musician?
Last game of the regular season!
These pussy niggas disgust me >.<
vince would like me to give you the number to the battered wives shelter because andre beat your ass so bad.
Dead link.
Awesome! RT : was able to snag a ticket to see "Wicked" at Popejoy! Can't wait!! :)
Thanks for getting the word out about next month's PR 3.0. Will you be in attendance? (We very much hope so.)
thanks for the follow. Have a wonderful Charlotte week
Old people have it good.
RT : The Den has played Ring of Fire by Johnny Cash six straight times. Waiting to see how long it takes them to notice...
who is that baller on the right?
HAPPY BIRFDAY CHIKEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>have a good one. I see u gettin turnt over there lol. be safe
“: Watching #Kobe throw away a critical possession and miss the final shot is a terrific present #MerryChristmas” true story!
When the sun comes out I feel like I run into people from high school. It's like where've you been? They are like inside for 8 mos. duh?
T-shirt weather walking down santa monica blvd with Mikey P about to meet with the rest of the cast. I hear its cold in NY or something?
Super day at the Clothesline Festival w/ and PattyMcPatPat :D
Nothing like coughing up blood in the morning. :(
sesame street just did a skit about glee it was so cute
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithVagina My Big Fat Greek Vagina
Aww baby! :( </3 I wish I could be there for your bday!
We're working out today.
Not usually into basketball but go mavs!
Painting your nails is such a pain in the ass.
probably get fatter cause you don't share your food.....
there is no way the punch top can can be punched with drum stick. i tried w/ a key and it shattered on me.
ahhah did i after my shower
Good luck with entry! Would you believe I was grumbling (internally) about Google+ just when that quote streamed by?!
Musicians will often need a great strategy both musically and business wise!
Hahaha!!! NO OPTIONS!!!! Why do you say that though??? ;)
Back to reality. Full work week ahead after wonderful week of vacation with family in Wisconsin.
"Is that a leash..?" "No, it's a child safety tether." lmao
The Jazz Vs Spurs series should be broadcast on CSpan. Its going to be THAT exciting.
I hate the Heat.
Always a great day, when you wake up, read the paper &you are not in the obituaries or on the front page with headlines that read "CAPTURED"
10 minutes and some change left #Arsenal Lets go gunners!
Spinning deep, tech house on the Clevelander rooftop on a beautiful Miami afternoon...doesn't get better than this...
Having a blast at six flags with the homies! , roger and wookie!
I fought You for so long I should have let You in And all I was trying to do was save my own skin But so were You So were You
Only gonna be in the lower sixties when were in next week!! The fuck? Pissed
thanks for the follow
Great quote from re: legal services: "the days when corporations buy billable hours, instead of results, are numbered."
What the fuck??
FINALLY arriving at #thatcamp..... only an hour late. Ugh.
I've decided for Halloween I am dressing as a Mexican wrestler. And I'm aware it's still months away.
Happy National Grilled Cheese Day to everyone!
they usually have a small hammer to break the glass for fire extinguishers, good job!
consider 'drop shipping' your kettle bells. Learned that from Timothy Ferris.
Class was Hot Hot Hot!!!
Also, if yer a jazz musician, but you're touring with a non-jazz outfit, you should lemme know anyways. I just like music.
#Fringe is my ultimate TV guilty pleasure.
#RedSox after-party with LIVE classic rock&roll at Who's On First #boston across from #Fenway 8pm tonight!
I have a Fav on Nicki new album (drum roll).... #15 Marilyn Monroe
Today @ CPL: Family Book Club, B is for Books, Soundtracking Workshop & more! bit.ly/kpACdx
Never give ppl a reason to treat you less than who you are, a person. Stay beautiful. Inside and out.
Web publishing is a crucial service and thus advances the library.
So happy for in being selected in the first round!
Happy Easter! What a beautiful day
That play earlier had me crackin' up..! Good job to Austin McWilliams and Davis Summers.
oh I've already made a dent in that. Parents buy one for every holiday.
Can it be? Has cut his long, voluptuous hair? ;)
Yep... downed a 8x8 pan of #ghiradelli #brownies... realization: reached for a brownie, and there was not a single one left... woops!
No I'm not, but I use the art of psychology every day.
So what is an #Ultrabook? Maybe the best #book you've ever #read? Better than all the other books combined? Head & shoulders above rest?
tell the producers their logo is blocking a very cute skirt today.
Nice Weather= Lightheaded,Dizzy,dehydration. Not Going to make it tru this summer & its barely May.I feel Horrible>.<
Stay cool Cincinnati!
Even the Harbaughs can bond over the Hoosiers
started playing today..not a RPG fan but it's awesome
No worries. have a url I could take a peak at?
Also added: Nobody's Token and North Coast! Woo-hoo!
Protesters chanting Recall Walker outside Capitol.
well i guess we just wont speak anymore, sad face
best hot dog ever? #traindog!
If you would like us to follow you back, kindly provide a profile. Need help with a profile, just ask.
Lol that was a good idea
international player keep doing great work.
#Browns fans, notice how many O-linemen r going here. H did the right thing. WR is DEEP! W/ the run on linemen, WR's r dropping like stones!
can you message me your booking info please honey?
That is really cool! Have a great trip.
Diaz...Mobility falls into three areas...content, community, collaboration.
Pretty sure Blake Griffin hasn't landed back on Earth yet after taking off in L.A.
If Simon heard me in the shower, he would put me on tour with One Direction immidetely :D haha
WISHFUL THINKING RT : I wonder if will tell me he misses me today...
We're just under the upper hand.
Genuine is my new word for blunt
#nowplaying: 'One Man Drinking Games'- Mayday Parade
<33 i love that boy
On the deck with the "patient" as he makes business calls. Fresh air + pain meds = better day. This would make a great doc short!
Nice! I'm glad the class had some impact.
thank u and I am :) xx
You run with the devil
Thanks for spreading the word!
- thanks to you Dave for coming out; see you at demo day!
. Going to try to encourage this with upcoming Library fellowship recips. We'll see how it goes
NO WAY :( Haven't you had about enough of this whole growing up and being responsible thing? Priorities are a bitch.
writing an english essay is icky but the only way to get through it? listen to Celtic Woman and melt :)
Great job ! Very inspirational
I have a ticket for 5 people to go and see the rob brydon show on the 26th june, you have to be 18+ if anyone would like it let me know xx
ReTweet if you are going to VEGAS this weekend!!!!
yep yep
Bitch Really.,?
Sigh, nothing on tv & no where to go tonight! I wanna go clubbing soon!
I have no idea what to wear i just know i want to wand my hair
thank you, it's a single. I took the pic at a side-angle.
well it is almost impossible to walk on :/ my moms boyfriend said it could be a tear were going in the morning
The site also eliminated all my quotation marks ! Bad design!
Omg this song<3
Who would date me?
Thanks for guarding the integrity of your religion for the community & your kids! I've always admired that abt you.
Merry Christmas Everyone!!
Happy Birthday to Apple and Gmail! :)
Ari Fleischer stepping into his former role as political hatchet. A dash of cold water, without insight.
Rickie Fowler is playing lights out. Wow. Already at -8
AH!!! No more sunburn!!!
ScarabXpress is the latest strain in the multiple-deletion series (MDS) of Clean Genome® E. coli. Based on the MDS™42 strain,Scarab Genomics
Hi love!Just making sure u saw my e-mail about Project 7 :)Let me know if u need me to send more info 4 the #mygloss giveaway !
jason kidd not going down without a fight tonight.... he has taken control
I'm kidding about having only a few dollars
i did
almost punching someone....
REMEMBER, Tix for Go On Sale to General Public April 12. Which Film is Everyone Excited For? For Me it's
Betty whites off your rocker <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I love guava
“: false TJ gives the best TJs”<- TJ is good but I call it like I see it homie
Don't feel left out. Dude, this fucking sucks.
Okay I will :)
u went with Jose but to Grettell's house that's we're the surprise was at
Whhhyyy are there so many food commercials this morning they need to stop
#nasatweetup vs #nasasocial when 5,000 people invite me into their work space @ Air Force Base. They get to name the activity.
HAPPY FRIDAY!
Blake was hella scared.
Awhhh yeah! Hook me up with some nice curtains ! Lmfaooo
You're hot. A little thin for my taste, but I'd happily put some baby weight on you.
Wtf. I just missed my damn 4000 tweet.
they are still
just had a great shoot for a clothing line. Back in the saddle again!!
EVERYONE, GO FOLLOW !!! THEIR NEW AND NEED FOLLOWERS!
where u at? 35th and hill..
hahahaha! I'm crying right now
“: The power of social media: credit card & loan approved for Liberty after being rejected because of discrimination.” // BOOM
oh boy, its fucked. you get any texts? Headin over now
QUOTE OF THE DAY: “First keep peace with yourself, then you can also bring peace to others.”- Thomas Kempis
I'm here on the steps of LA City Hall with 1000s of fellow workers rallying to
thinks a jpeg should visually deteriorate over time on #FB due to overuse...
Who's ready for the #NbaAllStarGame!? It's going to be the best!
#DemiLiveChatWithAcuvue Will you release Shut up And Love Me? 13
would you like to write a guest article for my historic holistic THE HEALERS campaign?
TEACH ME HOW TO STUDY! love it when students produce like this, dropping the track to a relevant song, writing rymes themselves!
Nursing my voice with tea and honey and crossing my fingers for a better show tonight.
Hoping its a Miss Marple tonight on Mystery. Have rediscovered Christie's knitting detective.
Jeter on fire!
Our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by the earthquake and tsunami in Japan and the Pacific!
Comedian Kevin Hart tix go on sale tomorrow at 10am for his performance at Hampton Coliseum on Sat 2/11/12
Hey TAAP Fan's! Check us out this Friday @ 10:30 on Tuff TV & Sat on The CW Network @ 2am. It will be a great show!
I wanna be your super hero ! Love this song
There's way too much talent on this show this year to pick just one favorite
#ItsHardTo stay still while listening to "Country Girl (Shake it for Me)" by Luke Bryan."
the #Voice is legit.
It literally chewed everything in my room that was in its reach...Good thing my prom dress wasn't an attractable target.
There are many companies that may have options for public policy, but the best bet is to visit booths to find out more!
I'm looking for a job. And I'm a web developer. 10 yrs exp. Strong HTML & CSS skills. Adobe CS4 knowledge. MS Office too
It is pretty hard to call myself a fan these days.... could the game be any more pathetic then the highlights?
Easy... just stop off at Safeway for T-bone steaks...
will be on WGUN 1010AM talking with Dj Kay at 1:30pm EST listen live as he talks about
you know me. Just promising false hopes and dreams to these LA chicas . Lol j/k I'm cool..how are you ?
Which version of npm do you have to use? How do you install an old version?
51-47 with 2 minutes to go in the 3rd? Jesus if they were gonna have a throw back night the least they could have done was wear old uniforms
on fascinating interplay between preservation of games and pirating. Use a lot of the same technology: emulators, etc.
thanks for the #ff! Have a great weekend
Guns and Roses. I love to be in a crowed of dedicated rockers. Waiting for tonight.
Andy Bernard does not lose contests. He wins them. Or he quits them. Because they're unfair.
What did the left nut say to the right nut? The guy in the middle thinks he is so hard!
Thanks for the fun today! Please check out my Chicago-based service, ! Save money and donate to charity on every swipe!
where at?
Friendly customer service Nice to dine in #Anacostia again, yesterday...Nice to see DC's finest in blue are patrons, too...: )
#NewiPad is not crazy as supposed to be, Apple would do what next...
Cheek only. :-) ": Go suck his face, or something. haha."
To tumblr or not to tumblr?
"Because the streets is a short stop/Either you're slinging crack rock or you got a wicked jump shot"-If ya didn't know, now ya know
Best idea I have ever had someone rip off. Stand Up To Cancer. This one I don't mind as much about because it's for a good cause....
I'm not surprised though.
That actually doesn't sound like you at all.
10/20 PLO at palomar, -6k and haven't won a pot over 300. Lame!!
Luv Ya 2 you silly girl!
A$AP
I hear theres going to be a few good car ads during the Super Bowl.
That awkward moment when someone asks 'Why are you still single?'
my friends i dont think like austin, he's too young for them lol. and my mom wont drive me to la for him
Follow Me <U+2665>
Thanks for the follow and last but certainly not least
"Successful Experience” is so redundant that you’re wasting space and #LinkedIn #keyword #optimization by even thinking of these phrases.
I didn't like how you let poor beer and hit with the bottle storyline or not I hate it
Day 3 in DC, crab cake #4. So far DC Grill is in the lead. Love
Call me corny but as a child of the 70's I know all of these Glenn Campell songs and love the tribute
Why thank you! :)
sheesh there's nothing like the feeling of just taking ur shower and laying in warm sheets (:
Even tho wee got ruff moments I luv her to death, so fa tha hoez tryna get at me take not from a
When you play against yourself you can't tell if your defense is good or offense is bad
you can join too!!
So where's the big pregame for #Derby tmrw?
If that! Lol.
She's opening a store in Berkely, & is hosting an Insta-photo show in correlation - giving us an excuse to all flock to the bay.
The only failure is the one you don't learn from.
They gave me a goodie bag at the dentist
Blogger has been down since last night. Can't publish my new post for Monday. Grrrrr.
Thank you for your sweet note -- and for including my books in your collection. I'm honored!
haha oh no! That couch wasn't comfortable at all
aha, oh god. Knowing me, you already know it'll be crazy.
For real? El Paso?
I agree! RT Woke up craving kelp noodles with mushrooms from . When r you guys gonna sell your food?
The 1 reason corporations get away w/dodging taxes,abusing workers,pollution,illegal foreclosures on homes etc-<U+25BA>They buy our elections!
thanks fixing to download now
#JuniorSaid You're weak
LLN my alert messages for all messages is Niall saying "POTATO" :D teehee!!
Uh, right. Because I was obviously not that kid. Not when when my cousin was around.
I do not understand why Grover Norquist has so much power. This is surreal.
That's not too bad “: if you want to get the old lady coworkers dancing, you can do worse than The Waitresses "Christmas Wrapping."”
Great night with and *and* I have a sweet new pint glass.
Its getting easier, although sometimes its as if the thought of you is stronger than ever.
Celine Deon's intv. on GMA is stupid, useless and she's an idiot.
Today was crazy
Laying in the sun with my puppy and a slurpee. Good day<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+2600>
I see "Cum Laude" or "Magna Cum Laude" or "Summa Cum Laude" next to or before my name on my bachelors degree. Yup.
How You&#39;ll be able to Conserve on Men&#39;s Watches
okay its west virginia 112 degrees bedroom -112 its freezing im cold. som one wanna cuddle? ;)
Visited a tiny Dutch village in Washington where I hoped to pick up some Delft. I picked it up & put it down when I saw Made in China labels
Getting raw food chocolate shake. It doesn' t get any better than that.
Followed :D can i have follow back now?
Plane rides are always so boring. That is why I spice them up with practical jokes 8-D
Heading to the play offs trying to get this championship
Wait. You're reproducing?
you're still thinking about hot stuff!?! You're insatiable!
Oh shit, thats so tight... thats gonna be so much fun. I just gotta lay low for a bit... these last 4 months have been insane
Lesson learned: always come to work camera-ready. Sigh. :)
They also look great on the grill of a Mac truck or an SUV.
Everytime i see a semi i automaticaly think theres a robot in it.(:
Wait...So thrice isnt a word?! why am i just finding this out now!
Lawyers know how to take isolated complaints in a divorce case and build them into one big one.
Expect the unexpected
Nope... I'm not much on costumes. Think I'll just wear t-shirt and jeans. Haha!
i LOOOVVVVVVVVVEEEEEEEE your new haircut! :) and im excited for #nsndirectorscut :)
Love to hear the book has been an encouragement. Believe God for the impossible. ^staff
Q: What are the chances of Dream Act passing in Congress? A: Need collaboration between both political parties. No room for hateful rhetoric
he's awful. Russell is way better
blown all wild
